# CATHOLIC MASS
## 
### 
Catholic Mass at St. Ann's, Stan
ford Newman Club's chapel, will be
held at 8:30 and 11 a.m. this Sun
day. Rides will leave freshman j
dorms at 8:15 and 10:45. All are j
welcome to attend.
Catholic Mass at St. Ann's, Stan
ford Newman Club's chapel, will be
held at 8:30 and 11 a.m. this Sun
day. Rides will leave freshman j
dorms at 8:15 and 10:45. All are j
welcome to attend.
Catholic Mass at St. Ann's, Stan
ford Newman Club's chapel, will be
held at 8:30 and 11 a.m. this Sun
day. Rides will leave freshman j
dorms at 8:15 and 10:45. All are j
welcome to attend.
Catholic Mass at St. Ann's, Stan
ford Newman Club's chapel, will be
held at 8:30 and 11 a.m. this Sun
day. Rides will leave freshman j
dorms at 8:15 and 10:45. All are j
welcome to attend.
Catholic Mass at St. Ann's, Stan
ford Newman Club's chapel, will be
held at 8:30 and 11 a.m. this Sun
day. Rides will leave freshman j
dorms at 8:15 and 10:45. All are j
welcome to attend.
Catholic Mass at St. Ann's, Stan
ford Newman Club's chapel, will be
held at 8:30 and 11 a.m. this Sun
day. Rides will leave freshman j
dorms at 8:15 and 10:45. All are j
welcome to attend.
Catholic Mass at St. Ann's, Stan
ford Newman Club's chapel, will be
held at 8:30 and 11 a.m. this Sun
day. Rides will leave freshman j
dorms at 8:15 and 10:45. All are j
welcome to attend.
Catholic Mass at St. Ann's, Stan
ford Newman Club's chapel, will be
held at 8:30 and 11 a.m. this Sun
day. Rides will leave freshman j
dorms at 8:15 and 10:45. All are j
welcome to attend.
Catholic Mass at St. Ann's, Stan
ford Newman Club's chapel, will be
held at 8:30 and 11 a.m. this Sun
day. Rides will leave freshman j
dorms at 8:15 and 10:45. All are j
welcome to attend.
Catholic Mass at St. Ann's, Stan
ford Newman Club's chapel, will be
held at 8:30 and 11 a.m. this Sun
day. Rides will leave freshman j
dorms at 8:15 and 10:45. All are j
welcome to attend.
Catholic Mass at St. Ann's, Stan
ford Newman Club's chapel, will be
held at 8:30 and 11 a.m. this Sun
day. Rides will leave freshman j
dorms at 8:15 and 10:45. All are j
welcome to attend.
Catholic Mass at St. Ann's, Stan
ford Newman Club's chapel, will be
held at 8:30 and 11 a.m. this Sun
day. Rides will leave freshman j
dorms at 8:15 and 10:45. All are j
welcome to attend.
Catholic Mass at St. Ann's, Stan
ford Newman Club's chapel, will be
held at 8:30 and 11 a.m. this Sun
day. Rides will leave freshman j
dorms at 8:15 and 10:45. All are j
welcome to attend.
Catholic Mass at St. Ann's, Stan
ford Newman Club's chapel, will be
held at 8:30 and 11 a.m. this Sun
day. Rides will leave freshman j
dorms at 8:15 and 10:45. All are j
welcome to attend.
Catholic Mass at St. Ann's, Stan
ford Newman Club's chapel, will be
held at 8:30 and 11 a.m. this Sun
day. Rides will leave freshman j
dorms at 8:15 and 10:45. All are j
welcome to attend.
Catholic Mass at St. Ann's, Stan
ford Newman Club's chapel, will be
held at 8:30 and 11 a.m. this Sun
day. Rides will leave freshman j
dorms at 8:15 and 10:45. All are j
welcome to attend.
