# Ultimatum From Iranian Premier
## 
### 
LONDON, Sept. 21 (UP)—lran's
Nationalistic Premier Mohammed
Mossadegh today served a 10-day
ultimatum on Britain to accept his
terms for settling the Anglo-Iranian
oil dispute or face the consequences I
which might bo a blow to world I
peace.
The premier, in a harsh note re
jecting the joint Truman-Churchill
plan for ending the festering quarrel, I
made an implied threat to "sur- !
render" his financially - distressed
country to communism if the British
refuse his terms.
These include immediate, advance
payment by Britain to the Iranian ■
treasury of $137,200,000 as a pre- I
requisite to negotiations of other j
issues involved.
Mossadegh was believed to be em
ploying this thinly-veiled threat of
possible dire consequences as a lever
to force prompt Anglo-American re
action to his demands.
Authoritative British quarters, in
their first leaclion to the Mossadegfh
note, rejected it as a "wholly un
acceptable ultimatum."
