# Essential Courses Not To Meet Next Tuesday
## 
### 
Courses in the essential subjects will
not meet Tuesday or Wednesday of this
week. All other courses will meet as
scheduled.
Courses in the essential subjects will
not meet Tuesday or Wednesday of this
week. All other courses will meet as
scheduled.
Courses in the essential subjects will
not meet Tuesday or Wednesday of this
week. All other courses will meet as
scheduled.
Courses in the essential subjects will
not meet Tuesday or Wednesday of this
week. All other courses will meet as
scheduled.
Courses in the essential subjects will
not meet Tuesday or Wednesday of this
week. All other courses will meet as
scheduled.
Courses in the essential subjects will
not meet Tuesday or Wednesday of this
week. All other courses will meet as
scheduled.
Courses in the essential subjects will
not meet Tuesday or Wednesday of this
week. All other courses will meet as
scheduled.
Courses in the essential subjects will
not meet Tuesday or Wednesday of this
week. All other courses will meet as
scheduled.
Courses in the essential subjects will
not meet Tuesday or Wednesday of this
week. All other courses will meet as
scheduled.
Courses in the essential subjects will
not meet Tuesday or Wednesday of this
week. All other courses will meet as
scheduled.
Courses in the essential subjects will
not meet Tuesday or Wednesday of this
week. All other courses will meet as
scheduled.
Courses in the essential subjects will
not meet Tuesday or Wednesday of this
week. All other courses will meet as
scheduled.
Courses in the essential subjects will
not meet Tuesday or Wednesday of this
week. All other courses will meet as
scheduled.
Courses in the essential subjects will
not meet Tuesday or Wednesday of this
week. All other courses will meet as
scheduled.
Courses in the essential subjects will
not meet Tuesday or Wednesday of this
week. All other courses will meet as
scheduled.
