# Plans Crystallizing for New Band.
## 
### 
Details in the organization of the
much needed University military band
with complete instrumentation are
still under discussion and no meetings
will be called until after Thursday,
September 15. About forty men with
past experience, have thus far signi
fied their intention of going into the
tryouts and taking up the work in the
band if the organization can be put
upon a permanent basis. The finan
cial backing, so readily given by the
Executive Committee at their last
meeting, has given a new inmpetus to
the movement, according to (hose who
have charge of the formation of the
band.
Details in the organization of the
much needed University military band
with complete instrumentation are
still under discussion and no meetings
will be called until after Thursday,
September 15. About forty men with
past experience, have thus far signi
fied their intention of going into the
tryouts and taking up the work in the
band if the organization can be put
upon a permanent basis. The finan
cial backing, so readily given by the
Executive Committee at their last
meeting, has given a new inmpetus to
the movement, according to (hose who
have charge of the formation of the
band.
Details in the organization of the
much needed University military band
with complete instrumentation are
still under discussion and no meetings
will be called until after Thursday,
September 15. About forty men with
past experience, have thus far signi
fied their intention of going into the
tryouts and taking up the work in the
band if the organization can be put
upon a permanent basis. The finan
cial backing, so readily given by the
Executive Committee at their last
meeting, has given a new inmpetus to
the movement, according to (hose who
have charge of the formation of the
band.
Details in the organization of the
much needed University military band
with complete instrumentation are
still under discussion and no meetings
will be called until after Thursday,
September 15. About forty men with
past experience, have thus far signi
fied their intention of going into the
tryouts and taking up the work in the
band if the organization can be put
upon a permanent basis. The finan
cial backing, so readily given by the
Executive Committee at their last
meeting, has given a new inmpetus to
the movement, according to (hose who
have charge of the formation of the
band.
Details in the organization of the
much needed University military band
with complete instrumentation are
still under discussion and no meetings
will be called until after Thursday,
September 15. About forty men with
past experience, have thus far signi
fied their intention of going into the
tryouts and taking up the work in the
band if the organization can be put
upon a permanent basis. The finan
cial backing, so readily given by the
Executive Committee at their last
meeting, has given a new inmpetus to
the movement, according to (hose who
have charge of the formation of the
band.
Details in the organization of the
much needed University military band
with complete instrumentation are
still under discussion and no meetings
will be called until after Thursday,
September 15. About forty men with
past experience, have thus far signi
fied their intention of going into the
tryouts and taking up the work in the
band if the organization can be put
upon a permanent basis. The finan
cial backing, so readily given by the
Executive Committee at their last
meeting, has given a new inmpetus to
the movement, according to (hose who
have charge of the formation of the
band.
Details in the organization of the
much needed University military band
with complete instrumentation are
still under discussion and no meetings
will be called until after Thursday,
September 15. About forty men with
past experience, have thus far signi
fied their intention of going into the
tryouts and taking up the work in the
band if the organization can be put
upon a permanent basis. The finan
cial backing, so readily given by the
Executive Committee at their last
meeting, has given a new inmpetus to
the movement, according to (hose who
have charge of the formation of the
band.
Details in the organization of the
much needed University military band
with complete instrumentation are
still under discussion and no meetings
will be called until after Thursday,
September 15. About forty men with
past experience, have thus far signi
fied their intention of going into the
tryouts and taking up the work in the
band if the organization can be put
upon a permanent basis. The finan
cial backing, so readily given by the
Executive Committee at their last
meeting, has given a new inmpetus to
the movement, according to (hose who
have charge of the formation of the
band.
Details in the organization of the
much needed University military band
with complete instrumentation are
still under discussion and no meetings
will be called until after Thursday,
September 15. About forty men with
past experience, have thus far signi
fied their intention of going into the
tryouts and taking up the work in the
band if the organization can be put
upon a permanent basis. The finan
cial backing, so readily given by the
Executive Committee at their last
meeting, has given a new inmpetus to
the movement, according to (hose who
have charge of the formation of the
band.
Details in the organization of the
much needed University military band
with complete instrumentation are
still under discussion and no meetings
will be called until after Thursday,
September 15. About forty men with
past experience, have thus far signi
fied their intention of going into the
tryouts and taking up the work in the
band if the organization can be put
upon a permanent basis. The finan
cial backing, so readily given by the
Executive Committee at their last
meeting, has given a new inmpetus to
the movement, according to (hose who
have charge of the formation of the
band.
Details in the organization of the
much needed University military band
with complete instrumentation are
still under discussion and no meetings
will be called until after Thursday,
September 15. About forty men with
past experience, have thus far signi
fied their intention of going into the
tryouts and taking up the work in the
band if the organization can be put
upon a permanent basis. The finan
cial backing, so readily given by the
Executive Committee at their last
meeting, has given a new inmpetus to
the movement, according to (hose who
have charge of the formation of the
band.
