# TRACK MEN TO GATHER SATURDAY
## Rally Is to Be Held In New Training House for All Men Wishing to Commence Fall Work. 
### 
In an endeavor to bnild up a strong
track team, Captain S. H. Rellah, '10,
has set next Thursday night as the
beginning of the fall training season.
A rally will he held at 7:30, Saturday
evening, in the new track training
house and all the men who intend to
enter track work in the spring semes
ter are urged to attend. Captain Bel
lah and Trainer Moulton wish es
pecially to emphasize that all track
men, at present out for football,
should sign up at the rally and do
some light work on the cinder path
during the an turn.
The fall season is the great oppor
tunity for novices to obtain instruc
tion in the various departments of
track and field athletics. "Dad"
Moulton will be at the field every
morning to give attention to the new
men, and to coach them in their work.
Several Varsity men will also assist
in the fall coaching.
The purpose of the rally Saturday
night, besides obtaining an estimate of

the number of men interested in track
athletics, is to bring the captain and
trainer in closer relations with the
men who will work for places on the
teams. Tt is believed that if the men
become intimately acquainted with
each other, there will be established a
spirit that will be of great value in
developing the Varsity and Freshmen
teams during the spring. "Dad" Moul
ton is very enthusiastic about getting
men out for fall work, and states that,
every bit of training a man does at
this time of the year gives him that,
much advantage in the spring, if the
1914 track men begin work now, there
might be some chance of the Fresh
man team securing a victory from the
Mine and Gold first-year athletes, de
spite the fact that tin? latter have
twice as many men to choose from.
Addresses will be made on Saturday
night by Captain Bellah, Trainer
Moulton and some of the men who
have gained their varsity emblem on
the track.
In an endeavor to bnild up a strong
track team, Captain S. H. Rellah, '10,
has set next Thursday night as the
beginning of the fall training season.
A rally will he held at 7:30, Saturday
evening, in the new track training
house and all the men who intend to
enter track work in the spring semes
ter are urged to attend. Captain Bel
lah and Trainer Moulton wish es
pecially to emphasize that all track
men, at present out for football,
should sign up at the rally and do
some light work on the cinder path
during the an turn.
The fall season is the great oppor
tunity for novices to obtain instruc
tion in the various departments of
track and field athletics. "Dad"
Moulton will be at the field every
morning to give attention to the new
men, and to coach them in their work.
Several Varsity men will also assist
in the fall coaching.
The purpose of the rally Saturday
night, besides obtaining an estimate of

the number of men interested in track
athletics, is to bring the captain and
trainer in closer relations with the
men who will work for places on the
teams. Tt is believed that if the men
become intimately acquainted with
each other, there will be established a
spirit that will be of great value in
developing the Varsity and Freshmen
teams during the spring. "Dad" Moul
ton is very enthusiastic about getting
men out for fall work, and states that,
every bit of training a man does at
this time of the year gives him that,
much advantage in the spring, if the
1914 track men begin work now, there
might be some chance of the Fresh
man team securing a victory from the
Mine and Gold first-year athletes, de
spite the fact that tin? latter have
twice as many men to choose from.
Addresses will be made on Saturday
night by Captain Bellah, Trainer
Moulton and some of the men who
have gained their varsity emblem on
the track.
In an endeavor to bnild up a strong
track team, Captain S. H. Rellah, '10,
has set next Thursday night as the
beginning of the fall training season.
A rally will he held at 7:30, Saturday
evening, in the new track training
house and all the men who intend to
enter track work in the spring semes
ter are urged to attend. Captain Bel
lah and Trainer Moulton wish es
pecially to emphasize that all track
men, at present out for football,
should sign up at the rally and do
some light work on the cinder path
during the an turn.
The fall season is the great oppor
tunity for novices to obtain instruc
tion in the various departments of
track and field athletics. "Dad"
Moulton will be at the field every
morning to give attention to the new
men, and to coach them in their work.
Several Varsity men will also assist
in the fall coaching.
The purpose of the rally Saturday
night, besides obtaining an estimate of

the number of men interested in track
athletics, is to bring the captain and
trainer in closer relations with the
men who will work for places on the
teams. Tt is believed that if the men
become intimately acquainted with
each other, there will be established a
spirit that will be of great value in
developing the Varsity and Freshmen
teams during the spring. "Dad" Moul
ton is very enthusiastic about getting
men out for fall work, and states that,
every bit of training a man does at
this time of the year gives him that,
much advantage in the spring, if the
1914 track men begin work now, there
might be some chance of the Fresh
man team securing a victory from the
Mine and Gold first-year athletes, de
spite the fact that tin? latter have
twice as many men to choose from.
Addresses will be made on Saturday
night by Captain Bellah, Trainer
Moulton and some of the men who
have gained their varsity emblem on
the track.
In an endeavor to bnild up a strong
track team, Captain S. H. Rellah, '10,
has set next Thursday night as the
beginning of the fall training season.
A rally will he held at 7:30, Saturday
evening, in the new track training
house and all the men who intend to
enter track work in the spring semes
ter are urged to attend. Captain Bel
lah and Trainer Moulton wish es
pecially to emphasize that all track
men, at present out for football,
should sign up at the rally and do
some light work on the cinder path
during the an turn.
The fall season is the great oppor
tunity for novices to obtain instruc
tion in the various departments of
track and field athletics. "Dad"
Moulton will be at the field every
morning to give attention to the new
men, and to coach them in their work.
Several Varsity men will also assist
in the fall coaching.
The purpose of the rally Saturday
night, besides obtaining an estimate of

the number of men interested in track
athletics, is to bring the captain and
trainer in closer relations with the
men who will work for places on the
teams. Tt is believed that if the men
become intimately acquainted with
each other, there will be established a
spirit that will be of great value in
developing the Varsity and Freshmen
teams during the spring. "Dad" Moul
ton is very enthusiastic about getting
men out for fall work, and states that,
every bit of training a man does at
this time of the year gives him that,
much advantage in the spring, if the
1914 track men begin work now, there
might be some chance of the Fresh
man team securing a victory from the
Mine and Gold first-year athletes, de
spite the fact that tin? latter have
twice as many men to choose from.
Addresses will be made on Saturday
night by Captain Bellah, Trainer
Moulton and some of the men who
have gained their varsity emblem on
the track.
In an endeavor to bnild up a strong
track team, Captain S. H. Rellah, '10,
has set next Thursday night as the
beginning of the fall training season.
A rally will he held at 7:30, Saturday
evening, in the new track training
house and all the men who intend to
enter track work in the spring semes
ter are urged to attend. Captain Bel
lah and Trainer Moulton wish es
pecially to emphasize that all track
men, at present out for football,
should sign up at the rally and do
some light work on the cinder path
during the an turn.
The fall season is the great oppor
tunity for novices to obtain instruc
tion in the various departments of
track and field athletics. "Dad"
Moulton will be at the field every
morning to give attention to the new
men, and to coach them in their work.
Several Varsity men will also assist
in the fall coaching.
The purpose of the rally Saturday
night, besides obtaining an estimate of

the number of men interested in track
athletics, is to bring the captain and
trainer in closer relations with the
men who will work for places on the
teams. Tt is believed that if the men
become intimately acquainted with
each other, there will be established a
spirit that will be of great value in
developing the Varsity and Freshmen
teams during the spring. "Dad" Moul
ton is very enthusiastic about getting
men out for fall work, and states that,
every bit of training a man does at
this time of the year gives him that,
much advantage in the spring, if the
1914 track men begin work now, there
might be some chance of the Fresh
man team securing a victory from the
Mine and Gold first-year athletes, de
spite the fact that tin? latter have
twice as many men to choose from.
Addresses will be made on Saturday
night by Captain Bellah, Trainer
Moulton and some of the men who
have gained their varsity emblem on
the track.
In an endeavor to bnild up a strong
track team, Captain S. H. Rellah, '10,
has set next Thursday night as the
beginning of the fall training season.
A rally will he held at 7:30, Saturday
evening, in the new track training
house and all the men who intend to
enter track work in the spring semes
ter are urged to attend. Captain Bel
lah and Trainer Moulton wish es
pecially to emphasize that all track
men, at present out for football,
should sign up at the rally and do
some light work on the cinder path
during the an turn.
The fall season is the great oppor
tunity for novices to obtain instruc
tion in the various departments of
track and field athletics. "Dad"
Moulton will be at the field every
morning to give attention to the new
men, and to coach them in their work.
Several Varsity men will also assist
in the fall coaching.
The purpose of the rally Saturday
night, besides obtaining an estimate of

the number of men interested in track
athletics, is to bring the captain and
trainer in closer relations with the
men who will work for places on the
teams. Tt is believed that if the men
become intimately acquainted with
each other, there will be established a
spirit that will be of great value in
developing the Varsity and Freshmen
teams during the spring. "Dad" Moul
ton is very enthusiastic about getting
men out for fall work, and states that,
every bit of training a man does at
this time of the year gives him that,
much advantage in the spring, if the
1914 track men begin work now, there
might be some chance of the Fresh
man team securing a victory from the
Mine and Gold first-year athletes, de
spite the fact that tin? latter have
twice as many men to choose from.
Addresses will be made on Saturday
night by Captain Bellah, Trainer
Moulton and some of the men who
have gained their varsity emblem on
the track.
In an endeavor to bnild up a strong
track team, Captain S. H. Rellah, '10,
has set next Thursday night as the
beginning of the fall training season.
A rally will he held at 7:30, Saturday
evening, in the new track training
house and all the men who intend to
enter track work in the spring semes
ter are urged to attend. Captain Bel
lah and Trainer Moulton wish es
pecially to emphasize that all track
men, at present out for football,
should sign up at the rally and do
some light work on the cinder path
during the an turn.
The fall season is the great oppor
tunity for novices to obtain instruc
tion in the various departments of
track and field athletics. "Dad"
Moulton will be at the field every
morning to give attention to the new
men, and to coach them in their work.
Several Varsity men will also assist
in the fall coaching.
The purpose of the rally Saturday
night, besides obtaining an estimate of

the number of men interested in track
athletics, is to bring the captain and
trainer in closer relations with the
men who will work for places on the
teams. Tt is believed that if the men
become intimately acquainted with
each other, there will be established a
spirit that will be of great value in
developing the Varsity and Freshmen
teams during the spring. "Dad" Moul
ton is very enthusiastic about getting
men out for fall work, and states that,
every bit of training a man does at
this time of the year gives him that,
much advantage in the spring, if the
1914 track men begin work now, there
might be some chance of the Fresh
man team securing a victory from the
Mine and Gold first-year athletes, de
spite the fact that tin? latter have
twice as many men to choose from.
Addresses will be made on Saturday
night by Captain Bellah, Trainer
Moulton and some of the men who
have gained their varsity emblem on
the track.
In an endeavor to bnild up a strong
track team, Captain S. H. Rellah, '10,
has set next Thursday night as the
beginning of the fall training season.
A rally will he held at 7:30, Saturday
evening, in the new track training
house and all the men who intend to
enter track work in the spring semes
ter are urged to attend. Captain Bel
lah and Trainer Moulton wish es
pecially to emphasize that all track
men, at present out for football,
should sign up at the rally and do
some light work on the cinder path
during the an turn.
The fall season is the great oppor
tunity for novices to obtain instruc
tion in the various departments of
track and field athletics. "Dad"
Moulton will be at the field every
morning to give attention to the new
men, and to coach them in their work.
Several Varsity men will also assist
in the fall coaching.
The purpose of the rally Saturday
night, besides obtaining an estimate of

the number of men interested in track
athletics, is to bring the captain and
trainer in closer relations with the
men who will work for places on the
teams. Tt is believed that if the men
become intimately acquainted with
each other, there will be established a
spirit that will be of great value in
developing the Varsity and Freshmen
teams during the spring. "Dad" Moul
ton is very enthusiastic about getting
men out for fall work, and states that,
every bit of training a man does at
this time of the year gives him that,
much advantage in the spring, if the
1914 track men begin work now, there
might be some chance of the Fresh
man team securing a victory from the
Mine and Gold first-year athletes, de
spite the fact that tin? latter have
twice as many men to choose from.
Addresses will be made on Saturday
night by Captain Bellah, Trainer
Moulton and some of the men who
have gained their varsity emblem on
the track.
In an endeavor to bnild up a strong
track team, Captain S. H. Rellah, '10,
has set next Thursday night as the
beginning of the fall training season.
A rally will he held at 7:30, Saturday
evening, in the new track training
house and all the men who intend to
enter track work in the spring semes
ter are urged to attend. Captain Bel
lah and Trainer Moulton wish es
pecially to emphasize that all track
men, at present out for football,
should sign up at the rally and do
some light work on the cinder path
during the an turn.
The fall season is the great oppor
tunity for novices to obtain instruc
tion in the various departments of
track and field athletics. "Dad"
Moulton will be at the field every
morning to give attention to the new
men, and to coach them in their work.
Several Varsity men will also assist
in the fall coaching.
The purpose of the rally Saturday
night, besides obtaining an estimate of

the number of men interested in track
athletics, is to bring the captain and
trainer in closer relations with the
men who will work for places on the
teams. Tt is believed that if the men
become intimately acquainted with
each other, there will be established a
spirit that will be of great value in
developing the Varsity and Freshmen
teams during the spring. "Dad" Moul
ton is very enthusiastic about getting
men out for fall work, and states that,
every bit of training a man does at
this time of the year gives him that,
much advantage in the spring, if the
1914 track men begin work now, there
might be some chance of the Fresh
man team securing a victory from the
Mine and Gold first-year athletes, de
spite the fact that tin? latter have
twice as many men to choose from.
Addresses will be made on Saturday
night by Captain Bellah, Trainer
Moulton and some of the men who
have gained their varsity emblem on
the track.
In an endeavor to bnild up a strong
track team, Captain S. H. Rellah, '10,
has set next Thursday night as the
beginning of the fall training season.
A rally will he held at 7:30, Saturday
evening, in the new track training
house and all the men who intend to
enter track work in the spring semes
ter are urged to attend. Captain Bel
lah and Trainer Moulton wish es
pecially to emphasize that all track
men, at present out for football,
should sign up at the rally and do
some light work on the cinder path
during the an turn.
The fall season is the great oppor
tunity for novices to obtain instruc
tion in the various departments of
track and field athletics. "Dad"
Moulton will be at the field every
morning to give attention to the new
men, and to coach them in their work.
Several Varsity men will also assist
in the fall coaching.
The purpose of the rally Saturday
night, besides obtaining an estimate of

the number of men interested in track
athletics, is to bring the captain and
trainer in closer relations with the
men who will work for places on the
teams. Tt is believed that if the men
become intimately acquainted with
each other, there will be established a
spirit that will be of great value in
developing the Varsity and Freshmen
teams during the spring. "Dad" Moul
ton is very enthusiastic about getting
men out for fall work, and states that,
every bit of training a man does at
this time of the year gives him that,
much advantage in the spring, if the
1914 track men begin work now, there
might be some chance of the Fresh
man team securing a victory from the
Mine and Gold first-year athletes, de
spite the fact that tin? latter have
twice as many men to choose from.
Addresses will be made on Saturday
night by Captain Bellah, Trainer
Moulton and some of the men who
have gained their varsity emblem on
the track.
In an endeavor to bnild up a strong
track team, Captain S. H. Rellah, '10,
has set next Thursday night as the
beginning of the fall training season.
A rally will he held at 7:30, Saturday
evening, in the new track training
house and all the men who intend to
enter track work in the spring semes
ter are urged to attend. Captain Bel
lah and Trainer Moulton wish es
pecially to emphasize that all track
men, at present out for football,
should sign up at the rally and do
some light work on the cinder path
during the an turn.
The fall season is the great oppor
tunity for novices to obtain instruc
tion in the various departments of
track and field athletics. "Dad"
Moulton will be at the field every
morning to give attention to the new
men, and to coach them in their work.
Several Varsity men will also assist
in the fall coaching.
The purpose of the rally Saturday
night, besides obtaining an estimate of

the number of men interested in track
athletics, is to bring the captain and
trainer in closer relations with the
men who will work for places on the
teams. Tt is believed that if the men
become intimately acquainted with
each other, there will be established a
spirit that will be of great value in
developing the Varsity and Freshmen
teams during the spring. "Dad" Moul
ton is very enthusiastic about getting
men out for fall work, and states that,
every bit of training a man does at
this time of the year gives him that,
much advantage in the spring, if the
1914 track men begin work now, there
might be some chance of the Fresh
man team securing a victory from the
Mine and Gold first-year athletes, de
spite the fact that tin? latter have
twice as many men to choose from.
Addresses will be made on Saturday
night by Captain Bellah, Trainer
Moulton and some of the men who
have gained their varsity emblem on
the track.
