# McDowell to Register College Voters.
## 
### 
Assistant Registrar J. E. McDowell
has been appointed election registra
tion clerk for the Stanford community.
He will have his headquarters in the
registrar's office on the Inner Quad,
and will register both male and female
voters. Every one who expects to vote
at the coming elections must register
this spring, whether previously on the
Great Register or not. After February
28, the women voters will be spared
the trouble of stating their ages when
registering.
Assistant Registrar J. E. McDowell
has been appointed election registra
tion clerk for the Stanford community.
He will have his headquarters in the
registrar's office on the Inner Quad,
and will register both male and female
voters. Every one who expects to vote
at the coming elections must register
this spring, whether previously on the
Great Register or not. After February
28, the women voters will be spared
the trouble of stating their ages when
registering.
Assistant Registrar J. E. McDowell
has been appointed election registra
tion clerk for the Stanford community.
He will have his headquarters in the
registrar's office on the Inner Quad,
and will register both male and female
voters. Every one who expects to vote
at the coming elections must register
this spring, whether previously on the
Great Register or not. After February
28, the women voters will be spared
the trouble of stating their ages when
registering.
Assistant Registrar J. E. McDowell
has been appointed election registra
tion clerk for the Stanford community.
He will have his headquarters in the
registrar's office on the Inner Quad,
and will register both male and female
voters. Every one who expects to vote
at the coming elections must register
this spring, whether previously on the
Great Register or not. After February
28, the women voters will be spared
the trouble of stating their ages when
registering.
Assistant Registrar J. E. McDowell
has been appointed election registra
tion clerk for the Stanford community.
He will have his headquarters in the
registrar's office on the Inner Quad,
and will register both male and female
voters. Every one who expects to vote
at the coming elections must register
this spring, whether previously on the
Great Register or not. After February
28, the women voters will be spared
the trouble of stating their ages when
registering.
Assistant Registrar J. E. McDowell
has been appointed election registra
tion clerk for the Stanford community.
He will have his headquarters in the
registrar's office on the Inner Quad,
and will register both male and female
voters. Every one who expects to vote
at the coming elections must register
this spring, whether previously on the
Great Register or not. After February
28, the women voters will be spared
the trouble of stating their ages when
registering.
Assistant Registrar J. E. McDowell
has been appointed election registra
tion clerk for the Stanford community.
He will have his headquarters in the
registrar's office on the Inner Quad,
and will register both male and female
voters. Every one who expects to vote
at the coming elections must register
this spring, whether previously on the
Great Register or not. After February
28, the women voters will be spared
the trouble of stating their ages when
registering.
Assistant Registrar J. E. McDowell
has been appointed election registra
tion clerk for the Stanford community.
He will have his headquarters in the
registrar's office on the Inner Quad,
and will register both male and female
voters. Every one who expects to vote
at the coming elections must register
this spring, whether previously on the
Great Register or not. After February
28, the women voters will be spared
the trouble of stating their ages when
registering.
Assistant Registrar J. E. McDowell
has been appointed election registra
tion clerk for the Stanford community.
He will have his headquarters in the
registrar's office on the Inner Quad,
and will register both male and female
voters. Every one who expects to vote
at the coming elections must register
this spring, whether previously on the
Great Register or not. After February
28, the women voters will be spared
the trouble of stating their ages when
registering.
Assistant Registrar J. E. McDowell
has been appointed election registra
tion clerk for the Stanford community.
He will have his headquarters in the
registrar's office on the Inner Quad,
and will register both male and female
voters. Every one who expects to vote
at the coming elections must register
this spring, whether previously on the
Great Register or not. After February
28, the women voters will be spared
the trouble of stating their ages when
registering.
Assistant Registrar J. E. McDowell
has been appointed election registra
tion clerk for the Stanford community.
He will have his headquarters in the
registrar's office on the Inner Quad,
and will register both male and female
voters. Every one who expects to vote
at the coming elections must register
this spring, whether previously on the
Great Register or not. After February
28, the women voters will be spared
the trouble of stating their ages when
registering.
Assistant Registrar J. E. McDowell
has been appointed election registra
tion clerk for the Stanford community.
He will have his headquarters in the
registrar's office on the Inner Quad,
and will register both male and female
voters. Every one who expects to vote
at the coming elections must register
this spring, whether previously on the
Great Register or not. After February
28, the women voters will be spared
the trouble of stating their ages when
registering.
Assistant Registrar J. E. McDowell
has been appointed election registra
tion clerk for the Stanford community.
He will have his headquarters in the
registrar's office on the Inner Quad,
and will register both male and female
voters. Every one who expects to vote
at the coming elections must register
this spring, whether previously on the
Great Register or not. After February
28, the women voters will be spared
the trouble of stating their ages when
registering.
