# FIRST INTRAMURAL HANDBALL MATCHES START OCTOBER 20
## 
### 
Handball will get under way Oc
tober 20 when the intramural one
wall matches begin. The season will
begin officially curly in winter
quarter at which time the four-wall
matches will be played on the Delta
Upsilon court. The University has
no four-wall courts, although plans
for some have been completed. The
plans, however, do not call for con
struction until 1932. The nearest
four-wall court other than Delta
Upsilon's is in San Mateo.
Lincoln Rode and Francis Bates
are the only men from last year's
team back this year, but Captain
John Sauter plans to return winter
quarter and will be here for the
California matches. Sauter is an ex
ceptionally good player and a real
handball enthusiast. He has done a
great deal to increase interest in the
sport here.
Handball will get under way Oc
tober 20 when the intramural one
wall matches begin. The season will
begin officially curly in winter
quarter at which time the four-wall
matches will be played on the Delta
Upsilon court. The University has
no four-wall courts, although plans
for some have been completed. The
plans, however, do not call for con
struction until 1932. The nearest
four-wall court other than Delta
Upsilon's is in San Mateo.
Lincoln Rode and Francis Bates
are the only men from last year's
team back this year, but Captain
John Sauter plans to return winter
quarter and will be here for the
California matches. Sauter is an ex
ceptionally good player and a real
handball enthusiast. He has done a
great deal to increase interest in the
sport here.
Handball will get under way Oc
tober 20 when the intramural one
wall matches begin. The season will
begin officially curly in winter
quarter at which time the four-wall
matches will be played on the Delta
Upsilon court. The University has
no four-wall courts, although plans
for some have been completed. The
plans, however, do not call for con
struction until 1932. The nearest
four-wall court other than Delta
Upsilon's is in San Mateo.
Lincoln Rode and Francis Bates
are the only men from last year's
team back this year, but Captain
John Sauter plans to return winter
quarter and will be here for the
California matches. Sauter is an ex
ceptionally good player and a real
handball enthusiast. He has done a
great deal to increase interest in the
sport here.
Handball will get under way Oc
tober 20 when the intramural one
wall matches begin. The season will
begin officially curly in winter
quarter at which time the four-wall
matches will be played on the Delta
Upsilon court. The University has
no four-wall courts, although plans
for some have been completed. The
plans, however, do not call for con
struction until 1932. The nearest
four-wall court other than Delta
Upsilon's is in San Mateo.
Lincoln Rode and Francis Bates
are the only men from last year's
team back this year, but Captain
John Sauter plans to return winter
quarter and will be here for the
California matches. Sauter is an ex
ceptionally good player and a real
handball enthusiast. He has done a
great deal to increase interest in the
sport here.
Handball will get under way Oc
tober 20 when the intramural one
wall matches begin. The season will
begin officially curly in winter
quarter at which time the four-wall
matches will be played on the Delta
Upsilon court. The University has
no four-wall courts, although plans
for some have been completed. The
plans, however, do not call for con
struction until 1932. The nearest
four-wall court other than Delta
Upsilon's is in San Mateo.
Lincoln Rode and Francis Bates
are the only men from last year's
team back this year, but Captain
John Sauter plans to return winter
quarter and will be here for the
California matches. Sauter is an ex
ceptionally good player and a real
handball enthusiast. He has done a
great deal to increase interest in the
sport here.
Handball will get under way Oc
tober 20 when the intramural one
wall matches begin. The season will
begin officially curly in winter
quarter at which time the four-wall
matches will be played on the Delta
Upsilon court. The University has
no four-wall courts, although plans
for some have been completed. The
plans, however, do not call for con
struction until 1932. The nearest
four-wall court other than Delta
Upsilon's is in San Mateo.
Lincoln Rode and Francis Bates
are the only men from last year's
team back this year, but Captain
John Sauter plans to return winter
quarter and will be here for the
California matches. Sauter is an ex
ceptionally good player and a real
handball enthusiast. He has done a
great deal to increase interest in the
sport here.
Handball will get under way Oc
tober 20 when the intramural one
wall matches begin. The season will
begin officially curly in winter
quarter at which time the four-wall
matches will be played on the Delta
Upsilon court. The University has
no four-wall courts, although plans
for some have been completed. The
plans, however, do not call for con
struction until 1932. The nearest
four-wall court other than Delta
Upsilon's is in San Mateo.
Lincoln Rode and Francis Bates
are the only men from last year's
team back this year, but Captain
John Sauter plans to return winter
quarter and will be here for the
California matches. Sauter is an ex
ceptionally good player and a real
handball enthusiast. He has done a
great deal to increase interest in the
sport here.
Handball will get under way Oc
tober 20 when the intramural one
wall matches begin. The season will
begin officially curly in winter
quarter at which time the four-wall
matches will be played on the Delta
Upsilon court. The University has
no four-wall courts, although plans
for some have been completed. The
plans, however, do not call for con
struction until 1932. The nearest
four-wall court other than Delta
Upsilon's is in San Mateo.
Lincoln Rode and Francis Bates
are the only men from last year's
team back this year, but Captain
John Sauter plans to return winter
quarter and will be here for the
California matches. Sauter is an ex
ceptionally good player and a real
handball enthusiast. He has done a
great deal to increase interest in the
sport here.
Handball will get under way Oc
tober 20 when the intramural one
wall matches begin. The season will
begin officially curly in winter
quarter at which time the four-wall
matches will be played on the Delta
Upsilon court. The University has
no four-wall courts, although plans
for some have been completed. The
plans, however, do not call for con
struction until 1932. The nearest
four-wall court other than Delta
Upsilon's is in San Mateo.
Lincoln Rode and Francis Bates
are the only men from last year's
team back this year, but Captain
John Sauter plans to return winter
quarter and will be here for the
California matches. Sauter is an ex
ceptionally good player and a real
handball enthusiast. He has done a
great deal to increase interest in the
sport here.
Handball will get under way Oc
tober 20 when the intramural one
wall matches begin. The season will
begin officially curly in winter
quarter at which time the four-wall
matches will be played on the Delta
Upsilon court. The University has
no four-wall courts, although plans
for some have been completed. The
plans, however, do not call for con
struction until 1932. The nearest
four-wall court other than Delta
Upsilon's is in San Mateo.
Lincoln Rode and Francis Bates
are the only men from last year's
team back this year, but Captain
John Sauter plans to return winter
quarter and will be here for the
California matches. Sauter is an ex
ceptionally good player and a real
handball enthusiast. He has done a
great deal to increase interest in the
sport here.
Handball will get under way Oc
tober 20 when the intramural one
wall matches begin. The season will
begin officially curly in winter
quarter at which time the four-wall
matches will be played on the Delta
Upsilon court. The University has
no four-wall courts, although plans
for some have been completed. The
plans, however, do not call for con
struction until 1932. The nearest
four-wall court other than Delta
Upsilon's is in San Mateo.
Lincoln Rode and Francis Bates
are the only men from last year's
team back this year, but Captain
John Sauter plans to return winter
quarter and will be here for the
California matches. Sauter is an ex
ceptionally good player and a real
handball enthusiast. He has done a
great deal to increase interest in the
sport here.
Handball will get under way Oc
tober 20 when the intramural one
wall matches begin. The season will
begin officially curly in winter
quarter at which time the four-wall
matches will be played on the Delta
Upsilon court. The University has
no four-wall courts, although plans
for some have been completed. The
plans, however, do not call for con
struction until 1932. The nearest
four-wall court other than Delta
Upsilon's is in San Mateo.
Lincoln Rode and Francis Bates
are the only men from last year's
team back this year, but Captain
John Sauter plans to return winter
quarter and will be here for the
California matches. Sauter is an ex
ceptionally good player and a real
handball enthusiast. He has done a
great deal to increase interest in the
sport here.
Handball will get under way Oc
tober 20 when the intramural one
wall matches begin. The season will
begin officially curly in winter
quarter at which time the four-wall
matches will be played on the Delta
Upsilon court. The University has
no four-wall courts, although plans
for some have been completed. The
plans, however, do not call for con
struction until 1932. The nearest
four-wall court other than Delta
Upsilon's is in San Mateo.
Lincoln Rode and Francis Bates
are the only men from last year's
team back this year, but Captain
John Sauter plans to return winter
quarter and will be here for the
California matches. Sauter is an ex
ceptionally good player and a real
handball enthusiast. He has done a
great deal to increase interest in the
sport here.
Handball will get under way Oc
tober 20 when the intramural one
wall matches begin. The season will
begin officially curly in winter
quarter at which time the four-wall
matches will be played on the Delta
Upsilon court. The University has
no four-wall courts, although plans
for some have been completed. The
plans, however, do not call for con
struction until 1932. The nearest
four-wall court other than Delta
Upsilon's is in San Mateo.
Lincoln Rode and Francis Bates
are the only men from last year's
team back this year, but Captain
John Sauter plans to return winter
quarter and will be here for the
California matches. Sauter is an ex
ceptionally good player and a real
handball enthusiast. He has done a
great deal to increase interest in the
sport here.
Handball will get under way Oc
tober 20 when the intramural one
wall matches begin. The season will
begin officially curly in winter
quarter at which time the four-wall
matches will be played on the Delta
Upsilon court. The University has
no four-wall courts, although plans
for some have been completed. The
plans, however, do not call for con
struction until 1932. The nearest
four-wall court other than Delta
Upsilon's is in San Mateo.
Lincoln Rode and Francis Bates
are the only men from last year's
team back this year, but Captain
John Sauter plans to return winter
quarter and will be here for the
California matches. Sauter is an ex
ceptionally good player and a real
handball enthusiast. He has done a
great deal to increase interest in the
sport here.
Handball will get under way Oc
tober 20 when the intramural one
wall matches begin. The season will
begin officially curly in winter
quarter at which time the four-wall
matches will be played on the Delta
Upsilon court. The University has
no four-wall courts, although plans
for some have been completed. The
plans, however, do not call for con
struction until 1932. The nearest
four-wall court other than Delta
Upsilon's is in San Mateo.
Lincoln Rode and Francis Bates
are the only men from last year's
team back this year, but Captain
John Sauter plans to return winter
quarter and will be here for the
California matches. Sauter is an ex
ceptionally good player and a real
handball enthusiast. He has done a
great deal to increase interest in the
sport here.
Handball will get under way Oc
tober 20 when the intramural one
wall matches begin. The season will
begin officially curly in winter
quarter at which time the four-wall
matches will be played on the Delta
Upsilon court. The University has
no four-wall courts, although plans
for some have been completed. The
plans, however, do not call for con
struction until 1932. The nearest
four-wall court other than Delta
Upsilon's is in San Mateo.
Lincoln Rode and Francis Bates
are the only men from last year's
team back this year, but Captain
John Sauter plans to return winter
quarter and will be here for the
California matches. Sauter is an ex
ceptionally good player and a real
handball enthusiast. He has done a
great deal to increase interest in the
sport here.
