# YOST TO ENTERTAIN A.W.S. CONFERENCE GROUP TOMORROW
## 
### 
A.W.S. Conference will meet to
discuss informally the results and
effects of the first week under the
new lockout system at the home of
Dean Mary Yost, tomorrow night at
7 o'clock.
The gathering is both a business
and social affair and information
from the various living groups con
cerning the lockout regulations will
be discussed. Questions will be
brought up and suggestions for
simplification or change of machin
ery will probably be made.
Suggestions from the health and
scholarship committee which met
with Dr. Bertha Dyment yesterday,
will be given and a survey of the
lockout condition during the week
will be made.
The Administration's committee
on lockouts which is to be composed
of Dean Mary Yost, Miss Anastasia
Doyle, Dr. Bertha Dyment, two
house mothers, and two students,
will be decided. This committee has
the power to ask questions, go
through books, and get information
in any way to determine the ef
fects of the new lockout rules. The
committee is being formed to help
carry out the agreement with the
Administration to obtain complete
statistics and information concern
ing lockouts during the trial year.
A.W.S. Conference will meet to
discuss informally the results and
effects of the first week under the
new lockout system at the home of
Dean Mary Yost, tomorrow night at
7 o'clock.
The gathering is both a business
and social affair and information
from the various living groups con
cerning the lockout regulations will
be discussed. Questions will be
brought up and suggestions for
simplification or change of machin
ery will probably be made.
Suggestions from the health and
scholarship committee which met
with Dr. Bertha Dyment yesterday,
will be given and a survey of the
lockout condition during the week
will be made.
The Administration's committee
on lockouts which is to be composed
of Dean Mary Yost, Miss Anastasia
Doyle, Dr. Bertha Dyment, two
house mothers, and two students,
will be decided. This committee has
the power to ask questions, go
through books, and get information
in any way to determine the ef
fects of the new lockout rules. The
committee is being formed to help
carry out the agreement with the
Administration to obtain complete
statistics and information concern
ing lockouts during the trial year.
A.W.S. Conference will meet to
discuss informally the results and
effects of the first week under the
new lockout system at the home of
Dean Mary Yost, tomorrow night at
7 o'clock.
The gathering is both a business
and social affair and information
from the various living groups con
cerning the lockout regulations will
be discussed. Questions will be
brought up and suggestions for
simplification or change of machin
ery will probably be made.
Suggestions from the health and
scholarship committee which met
with Dr. Bertha Dyment yesterday,
will be given and a survey of the
lockout condition during the week
will be made.
The Administration's committee
on lockouts which is to be composed
of Dean Mary Yost, Miss Anastasia
Doyle, Dr. Bertha Dyment, two
house mothers, and two students,
will be decided. This committee has
the power to ask questions, go
through books, and get information
in any way to determine the ef
fects of the new lockout rules. The
committee is being formed to help
carry out the agreement with the
Administration to obtain complete
statistics and information concern
ing lockouts during the trial year.
A.W.S. Conference will meet to
discuss informally the results and
effects of the first week under the
new lockout system at the home of
Dean Mary Yost, tomorrow night at
7 o'clock.
The gathering is both a business
and social affair and information
from the various living groups con
cerning the lockout regulations will
be discussed. Questions will be
brought up and suggestions for
simplification or change of machin
ery will probably be made.
Suggestions from the health and
scholarship committee which met
with Dr. Bertha Dyment yesterday,
will be given and a survey of the
lockout condition during the week
will be made.
The Administration's committee
on lockouts which is to be composed
of Dean Mary Yost, Miss Anastasia
Doyle, Dr. Bertha Dyment, two
house mothers, and two students,
will be decided. This committee has
the power to ask questions, go
through books, and get information
in any way to determine the ef
fects of the new lockout rules. The
committee is being formed to help
carry out the agreement with the
Administration to obtain complete
statistics and information concern
ing lockouts during the trial year.
A.W.S. Conference will meet to
discuss informally the results and
effects of the first week under the
new lockout system at the home of
Dean Mary Yost, tomorrow night at
7 o'clock.
The gathering is both a business
and social affair and information
from the various living groups con
cerning the lockout regulations will
be discussed. Questions will be
brought up and suggestions for
simplification or change of machin
ery will probably be made.
Suggestions from the health and
scholarship committee which met
with Dr. Bertha Dyment yesterday,
will be given and a survey of the
lockout condition during the week
will be made.
The Administration's committee
on lockouts which is to be composed
of Dean Mary Yost, Miss Anastasia
Doyle, Dr. Bertha Dyment, two
house mothers, and two students,
will be decided. This committee has
the power to ask questions, go
through books, and get information
in any way to determine the ef
fects of the new lockout rules. The
committee is being formed to help
carry out the agreement with the
Administration to obtain complete
statistics and information concern
ing lockouts during the trial year.
A.W.S. Conference will meet to
discuss informally the results and
effects of the first week under the
new lockout system at the home of
Dean Mary Yost, tomorrow night at
7 o'clock.
The gathering is both a business
and social affair and information
from the various living groups con
cerning the lockout regulations will
be discussed. Questions will be
brought up and suggestions for
simplification or change of machin
ery will probably be made.
Suggestions from the health and
scholarship committee which met
with Dr. Bertha Dyment yesterday,
will be given and a survey of the
lockout condition during the week
will be made.
The Administration's committee
on lockouts which is to be composed
of Dean Mary Yost, Miss Anastasia
Doyle, Dr. Bertha Dyment, two
house mothers, and two students,
will be decided. This committee has
the power to ask questions, go
through books, and get information
in any way to determine the ef
fects of the new lockout rules. The
committee is being formed to help
carry out the agreement with the
Administration to obtain complete
statistics and information concern
ing lockouts during the trial year.
A.W.S. Conference will meet to
discuss informally the results and
effects of the first week under the
new lockout system at the home of
Dean Mary Yost, tomorrow night at
7 o'clock.
The gathering is both a business
and social affair and information
from the various living groups con
cerning the lockout regulations will
be discussed. Questions will be
brought up and suggestions for
simplification or change of machin
ery will probably be made.
Suggestions from the health and
scholarship committee which met
with Dr. Bertha Dyment yesterday,
will be given and a survey of the
lockout condition during the week
will be made.
The Administration's committee
on lockouts which is to be composed
of Dean Mary Yost, Miss Anastasia
Doyle, Dr. Bertha Dyment, two
house mothers, and two students,
will be decided. This committee has
the power to ask questions, go
through books, and get information
in any way to determine the ef
fects of the new lockout rules. The
committee is being formed to help
carry out the agreement with the
Administration to obtain complete
statistics and information concern
ing lockouts during the trial year.
A.W.S. Conference will meet to
discuss informally the results and
effects of the first week under the
new lockout system at the home of
Dean Mary Yost, tomorrow night at
7 o'clock.
The gathering is both a business
and social affair and information
from the various living groups con
cerning the lockout regulations will
be discussed. Questions will be
brought up and suggestions for
simplification or change of machin
ery will probably be made.
Suggestions from the health and
scholarship committee which met
with Dr. Bertha Dyment yesterday,
will be given and a survey of the
lockout condition during the week
will be made.
The Administration's committee
on lockouts which is to be composed
of Dean Mary Yost, Miss Anastasia
Doyle, Dr. Bertha Dyment, two
house mothers, and two students,
will be decided. This committee has
the power to ask questions, go
through books, and get information
in any way to determine the ef
fects of the new lockout rules. The
committee is being formed to help
carry out the agreement with the
Administration to obtain complete
statistics and information concern
ing lockouts during the trial year.
A.W.S. Conference will meet to
discuss informally the results and
effects of the first week under the
new lockout system at the home of
Dean Mary Yost, tomorrow night at
7 o'clock.
The gathering is both a business
and social affair and information
from the various living groups con
cerning the lockout regulations will
be discussed. Questions will be
brought up and suggestions for
simplification or change of machin
ery will probably be made.
Suggestions from the health and
scholarship committee which met
with Dr. Bertha Dyment yesterday,
will be given and a survey of the
lockout condition during the week
will be made.
The Administration's committee
on lockouts which is to be composed
of Dean Mary Yost, Miss Anastasia
Doyle, Dr. Bertha Dyment, two
house mothers, and two students,
will be decided. This committee has
the power to ask questions, go
through books, and get information
in any way to determine the ef
fects of the new lockout rules. The
committee is being formed to help
carry out the agreement with the
Administration to obtain complete
statistics and information concern
ing lockouts during the trial year.
A.W.S. Conference will meet to
discuss informally the results and
effects of the first week under the
new lockout system at the home of
Dean Mary Yost, tomorrow night at
7 o'clock.
The gathering is both a business
and social affair and information
from the various living groups con
cerning the lockout regulations will
be discussed. Questions will be
brought up and suggestions for
simplification or change of machin
ery will probably be made.
Suggestions from the health and
scholarship committee which met
with Dr. Bertha Dyment yesterday,
will be given and a survey of the
lockout condition during the week
will be made.
The Administration's committee
on lockouts which is to be composed
of Dean Mary Yost, Miss Anastasia
Doyle, Dr. Bertha Dyment, two
house mothers, and two students,
will be decided. This committee has
the power to ask questions, go
through books, and get information
in any way to determine the ef
fects of the new lockout rules. The
committee is being formed to help
carry out the agreement with the
Administration to obtain complete
statistics and information concern
ing lockouts during the trial year.
A.W.S. Conference will meet to
discuss informally the results and
effects of the first week under the
new lockout system at the home of
Dean Mary Yost, tomorrow night at
7 o'clock.
The gathering is both a business
and social affair and information
from the various living groups con
cerning the lockout regulations will
be discussed. Questions will be
brought up and suggestions for
simplification or change of machin
ery will probably be made.
Suggestions from the health and
scholarship committee which met
with Dr. Bertha Dyment yesterday,
will be given and a survey of the
lockout condition during the week
will be made.
The Administration's committee
on lockouts which is to be composed
of Dean Mary Yost, Miss Anastasia
Doyle, Dr. Bertha Dyment, two
house mothers, and two students,
will be decided. This committee has
the power to ask questions, go
through books, and get information
in any way to determine the ef
fects of the new lockout rules. The
committee is being formed to help
carry out the agreement with the
Administration to obtain complete
statistics and information concern
ing lockouts during the trial year.
A.W.S. Conference will meet to
discuss informally the results and
effects of the first week under the
new lockout system at the home of
Dean Mary Yost, tomorrow night at
7 o'clock.
The gathering is both a business
and social affair and information
from the various living groups con
cerning the lockout regulations will
be discussed. Questions will be
brought up and suggestions for
simplification or change of machin
ery will probably be made.
Suggestions from the health and
scholarship committee which met
with Dr. Bertha Dyment yesterday,
will be given and a survey of the
lockout condition during the week
will be made.
The Administration's committee
on lockouts which is to be composed
of Dean Mary Yost, Miss Anastasia
Doyle, Dr. Bertha Dyment, two
house mothers, and two students,
will be decided. This committee has
the power to ask questions, go
through books, and get information
in any way to determine the ef
fects of the new lockout rules. The
committee is being formed to help
carry out the agreement with the
Administration to obtain complete
statistics and information concern
ing lockouts during the trial year.
A.W.S. Conference will meet to
discuss informally the results and
effects of the first week under the
new lockout system at the home of
Dean Mary Yost, tomorrow night at
7 o'clock.
The gathering is both a business
and social affair and information
from the various living groups con
cerning the lockout regulations will
be discussed. Questions will be
brought up and suggestions for
simplification or change of machin
ery will probably be made.
Suggestions from the health and
scholarship committee which met
with Dr. Bertha Dyment yesterday,
will be given and a survey of the
lockout condition during the week
will be made.
The Administration's committee
on lockouts which is to be composed
of Dean Mary Yost, Miss Anastasia
Doyle, Dr. Bertha Dyment, two
house mothers, and two students,
will be decided. This committee has
the power to ask questions, go
through books, and get information
in any way to determine the ef
fects of the new lockout rules. The
committee is being formed to help
carry out the agreement with the
Administration to obtain complete
statistics and information concern
ing lockouts during the trial year.
A.W.S. Conference will meet to
discuss informally the results and
effects of the first week under the
new lockout system at the home of
Dean Mary Yost, tomorrow night at
7 o'clock.
The gathering is both a business
and social affair and information
from the various living groups con
cerning the lockout regulations will
be discussed. Questions will be
brought up and suggestions for
simplification or change of machin
ery will probably be made.
Suggestions from the health and
scholarship committee which met
with Dr. Bertha Dyment yesterday,
will be given and a survey of the
lockout condition during the week
will be made.
The Administration's committee
on lockouts which is to be composed
of Dean Mary Yost, Miss Anastasia
Doyle, Dr. Bertha Dyment, two
house mothers, and two students,
will be decided. This committee has
the power to ask questions, go
through books, and get information
in any way to determine the ef
fects of the new lockout rules. The
committee is being formed to help
carry out the agreement with the
Administration to obtain complete
statistics and information concern
ing lockouts during the trial year.
A.W.S. Conference will meet to
discuss informally the results and
effects of the first week under the
new lockout system at the home of
Dean Mary Yost, tomorrow night at
7 o'clock.
The gathering is both a business
and social affair and information
from the various living groups con
cerning the lockout regulations will
be discussed. Questions will be
brought up and suggestions for
simplification or change of machin
ery will probably be made.
Suggestions from the health and
scholarship committee which met
with Dr. Bertha Dyment yesterday,
will be given and a survey of the
lockout condition during the week
will be made.
The Administration's committee
on lockouts which is to be composed
of Dean Mary Yost, Miss Anastasia
Doyle, Dr. Bertha Dyment, two
house mothers, and two students,
will be decided. This committee has
the power to ask questions, go
through books, and get information
in any way to determine the ef
fects of the new lockout rules. The
committee is being formed to help
carry out the agreement with the
Administration to obtain complete
statistics and information concern
ing lockouts during the trial year.
A.W.S. Conference will meet to
discuss informally the results and
effects of the first week under the
new lockout system at the home of
Dean Mary Yost, tomorrow night at
7 o'clock.
The gathering is both a business
and social affair and information
from the various living groups con
cerning the lockout regulations will
be discussed. Questions will be
brought up and suggestions for
simplification or change of machin
ery will probably be made.
Suggestions from the health and
scholarship committee which met
with Dr. Bertha Dyment yesterday,
will be given and a survey of the
lockout condition during the week
will be made.
The Administration's committee
on lockouts which is to be composed
of Dean Mary Yost, Miss Anastasia
Doyle, Dr. Bertha Dyment, two
house mothers, and two students,
will be decided. This committee has
the power to ask questions, go
through books, and get information
in any way to determine the ef
fects of the new lockout rules. The
committee is being formed to help
carry out the agreement with the
Administration to obtain complete
statistics and information concern
ing lockouts during the trial year.
A.W.S. Conference will meet to
discuss informally the results and
effects of the first week under the
new lockout system at the home of
Dean Mary Yost, tomorrow night at
7 o'clock.
The gathering is both a business
and social affair and information
from the various living groups con
cerning the lockout regulations will
be discussed. Questions will be
brought up and suggestions for
simplification or change of machin
ery will probably be made.
Suggestions from the health and
scholarship committee which met
with Dr. Bertha Dyment yesterday,
will be given and a survey of the
lockout condition during the week
will be made.
The Administration's committee
on lockouts which is to be composed
of Dean Mary Yost, Miss Anastasia
Doyle, Dr. Bertha Dyment, two
house mothers, and two students,
will be decided. This committee has
the power to ask questions, go
through books, and get information
in any way to determine the ef
fects of the new lockout rules. The
committee is being formed to help
carry out the agreement with the
Administration to obtain complete
statistics and information concern
ing lockouts during the trial year.
