# GIRL MASQUERADES TO GO "GANGSTER"
## 
### 
BOMBAY, India, Oct. 13. (/P)- An
Indian girl dressed in men's cloth
ing today was said by the police to
have been one of a band in a motor
car from which a hail of bullets was
poured into a police automobile-
Friday, wounding Police Sergeant
Taylor and his wife. The two were
shot as they made their way along
the street by occupants of a car
which drove rapidly away in true
underworld fashion.
BOMBAY, India, Oct. 13. (/P)- An
Indian girl dressed in men's cloth
ing today was said by the police to
have been one of a band in a motor
car from which a hail of bullets was
poured into a police automobile-
Friday, wounding Police Sergeant
Taylor and his wife. The two were
shot as they made their way along
the street by occupants of a car
which drove rapidly away in true
underworld fashion.
BOMBAY, India, Oct. 13. (/P)- An
Indian girl dressed in men's cloth
ing today was said by the police to
have been one of a band in a motor
car from which a hail of bullets was
poured into a police automobile-
Friday, wounding Police Sergeant
Taylor and his wife. The two were
shot as they made their way along
the street by occupants of a car
which drove rapidly away in true
underworld fashion.
BOMBAY, India, Oct. 13. (/P)- An
Indian girl dressed in men's cloth
ing today was said by the police to
have been one of a band in a motor
car from which a hail of bullets was
poured into a police automobile-
Friday, wounding Police Sergeant
Taylor and his wife. The two were
shot as they made their way along
the street by occupants of a car
which drove rapidly away in true
underworld fashion.
BOMBAY, India, Oct. 13. (/P)- An
Indian girl dressed in men's cloth
ing today was said by the police to
have been one of a band in a motor
car from which a hail of bullets was
poured into a police automobile-
Friday, wounding Police Sergeant
Taylor and his wife. The two were
shot as they made their way along
the street by occupants of a car
which drove rapidly away in true
underworld fashion.
BOMBAY, India, Oct. 13. (/P)- An
Indian girl dressed in men's cloth
ing today was said by the police to
have been one of a band in a motor
car from which a hail of bullets was
poured into a police automobile-
Friday, wounding Police Sergeant
Taylor and his wife. The two were
shot as they made their way along
the street by occupants of a car
which drove rapidly away in true
underworld fashion.
BOMBAY, India, Oct. 13. (/P)- An
Indian girl dressed in men's cloth
ing today was said by the police to
have been one of a band in a motor
car from which a hail of bullets was
poured into a police automobile-
Friday, wounding Police Sergeant
Taylor and his wife. The two were
shot as they made their way along
the street by occupants of a car
which drove rapidly away in true
underworld fashion.
BOMBAY, India, Oct. 13. (/P)- An
Indian girl dressed in men's cloth
ing today was said by the police to
have been one of a band in a motor
car from which a hail of bullets was
poured into a police automobile-
Friday, wounding Police Sergeant
Taylor and his wife. The two were
shot as they made their way along
the street by occupants of a car
which drove rapidly away in true
underworld fashion.
BOMBAY, India, Oct. 13. (/P)- An
Indian girl dressed in men's cloth
ing today was said by the police to
have been one of a band in a motor
car from which a hail of bullets was
poured into a police automobile-
Friday, wounding Police Sergeant
Taylor and his wife. The two were
shot as they made their way along
the street by occupants of a car
which drove rapidly away in true
underworld fashion.
BOMBAY, India, Oct. 13. (/P)- An
Indian girl dressed in men's cloth
ing today was said by the police to
have been one of a band in a motor
car from which a hail of bullets was
poured into a police automobile-
Friday, wounding Police Sergeant
Taylor and his wife. The two were
shot as they made their way along
the street by occupants of a car
which drove rapidly away in true
underworld fashion.
BOMBAY, India, Oct. 13. (/P)- An
Indian girl dressed in men's cloth
ing today was said by the police to
have been one of a band in a motor
car from which a hail of bullets was
poured into a police automobile-
Friday, wounding Police Sergeant
Taylor and his wife. The two were
shot as they made their way along
the street by occupants of a car
which drove rapidly away in true
underworld fashion.
BOMBAY, India, Oct. 13. (/P)- An
Indian girl dressed in men's cloth
ing today was said by the police to
have been one of a band in a motor
car from which a hail of bullets was
poured into a police automobile-
Friday, wounding Police Sergeant
Taylor and his wife. The two were
shot as they made their way along
the street by occupants of a car
which drove rapidly away in true
underworld fashion.
BOMBAY, India, Oct. 13. (/P)- An
Indian girl dressed in men's cloth
ing today was said by the police to
have been one of a band in a motor
car from which a hail of bullets was
poured into a police automobile-
Friday, wounding Police Sergeant
Taylor and his wife. The two were
shot as they made their way along
the street by occupants of a car
which drove rapidly away in true
underworld fashion.
BOMBAY, India, Oct. 13. (/P)- An
Indian girl dressed in men's cloth
ing today was said by the police to
have been one of a band in a motor
car from which a hail of bullets was
poured into a police automobile-
Friday, wounding Police Sergeant
Taylor and his wife. The two were
shot as they made their way along
the street by occupants of a car
which drove rapidly away in true
underworld fashion.
BOMBAY, India, Oct. 13. (/P)- An
Indian girl dressed in men's cloth
ing today was said by the police to
have been one of a band in a motor
car from which a hail of bullets was
poured into a police automobile-
Friday, wounding Police Sergeant
Taylor and his wife. The two were
shot as they made their way along
the street by occupants of a car
which drove rapidly away in true
underworld fashion.
BOMBAY, India, Oct. 13. (/P)- An
Indian girl dressed in men's cloth
ing today was said by the police to
have been one of a band in a motor
car from which a hail of bullets was
poured into a police automobile-
Friday, wounding Police Sergeant
Taylor and his wife. The two were
shot as they made their way along
the street by occupants of a car
which drove rapidly away in true
underworld fashion.
BOMBAY, India, Oct. 13. (/P)- An
Indian girl dressed in men's cloth
ing today was said by the police to
have been one of a band in a motor
car from which a hail of bullets was
poured into a police automobile-
Friday, wounding Police Sergeant
Taylor and his wife. The two were
shot as they made their way along
the street by occupants of a car
which drove rapidly away in true
underworld fashion.
