# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Hooters for Marquette University
will wear bright yellow and black
pajamas.
Hooters for Marquette University
will wear bright yellow and black
pajamas.
Hooters for Marquette University
will wear bright yellow and black
pajamas.
Hooters for Marquette University
will wear bright yellow and black
pajamas.
Hooters for Marquette University
will wear bright yellow and black
pajamas.
Hooters for Marquette University
will wear bright yellow and black
pajamas.
Hooters for Marquette University
will wear bright yellow and black
pajamas.
Hooters for Marquette University
will wear bright yellow and black
pajamas.
Hooters for Marquette University
will wear bright yellow and black
pajamas.
Hooters for Marquette University
will wear bright yellow and black
pajamas.
Hooters for Marquette University
will wear bright yellow and black
pajamas.
Hooters for Marquette University
will wear bright yellow and black
pajamas.
Hooters for Marquette University
will wear bright yellow and black
pajamas.
Hooters for Marquette University
will wear bright yellow and black
pajamas.
Hooters for Marquette University
will wear bright yellow and black
pajamas.
Hooters for Marquette University
will wear bright yellow and black
pajamas.
Hooters for Marquette University
will wear bright yellow and black
pajamas.
