# HALL EXCHANGE OUT OF ORDER SATURDAY
## 
### 
The main dial of the telephone
exchange at Toyon Hall was out of
order from seven to ten Saturday
morning, according to William Rig
den, operator.
Due to the fact that campus tele
phones are used a great deal on
Saturday, the tieup caused consid
erable trouble. The dial has not as
yet been fixed, but will be usable
for a time.
The main dial of the telephone
exchange at Toyon Hall was out of
order from seven to ten Saturday
morning, according to William Rig
den, operator.
Due to the fact that campus tele
phones are used a great deal on
Saturday, the tieup caused consid
erable trouble. The dial has not as
yet been fixed, but will be usable
for a time.
The main dial of the telephone
exchange at Toyon Hall was out of
order from seven to ten Saturday
morning, according to William Rig
den, operator.
Due to the fact that campus tele
phones are used a great deal on
Saturday, the tieup caused consid
erable trouble. The dial has not as
yet been fixed, but will be usable
for a time.
The main dial of the telephone
exchange at Toyon Hall was out of
order from seven to ten Saturday
morning, according to William Rig
den, operator.
Due to the fact that campus tele
phones are used a great deal on
Saturday, the tieup caused consid
erable trouble. The dial has not as
yet been fixed, but will be usable
for a time.
The main dial of the telephone
exchange at Toyon Hall was out of
order from seven to ten Saturday
morning, according to William Rig
den, operator.
Due to the fact that campus tele
phones are used a great deal on
Saturday, the tieup caused consid
erable trouble. The dial has not as
yet been fixed, but will be usable
for a time.
The main dial of the telephone
exchange at Toyon Hall was out of
order from seven to ten Saturday
morning, according to William Rig
den, operator.
Due to the fact that campus tele
phones are used a great deal on
Saturday, the tieup caused consid
erable trouble. The dial has not as
yet been fixed, but will be usable
for a time.
The main dial of the telephone
exchange at Toyon Hall was out of
order from seven to ten Saturday
morning, according to William Rig
den, operator.
Due to the fact that campus tele
phones are used a great deal on
Saturday, the tieup caused consid
erable trouble. The dial has not as
yet been fixed, but will be usable
for a time.
The main dial of the telephone
exchange at Toyon Hall was out of
order from seven to ten Saturday
morning, according to William Rig
den, operator.
Due to the fact that campus tele
phones are used a great deal on
Saturday, the tieup caused consid
erable trouble. The dial has not as
yet been fixed, but will be usable
for a time.
The main dial of the telephone
exchange at Toyon Hall was out of
order from seven to ten Saturday
morning, according to William Rig
den, operator.
Due to the fact that campus tele
phones are used a great deal on
Saturday, the tieup caused consid
erable trouble. The dial has not as
yet been fixed, but will be usable
for a time.
The main dial of the telephone
exchange at Toyon Hall was out of
order from seven to ten Saturday
morning, according to William Rig
den, operator.
Due to the fact that campus tele
phones are used a great deal on
Saturday, the tieup caused consid
erable trouble. The dial has not as
yet been fixed, but will be usable
for a time.
The main dial of the telephone
exchange at Toyon Hall was out of
order from seven to ten Saturday
morning, according to William Rig
den, operator.
Due to the fact that campus tele
phones are used a great deal on
Saturday, the tieup caused consid
erable trouble. The dial has not as
yet been fixed, but will be usable
for a time.
The main dial of the telephone
exchange at Toyon Hall was out of
order from seven to ten Saturday
morning, according to William Rig
den, operator.
Due to the fact that campus tele
phones are used a great deal on
Saturday, the tieup caused consid
erable trouble. The dial has not as
yet been fixed, but will be usable
for a time.
The main dial of the telephone
exchange at Toyon Hall was out of
order from seven to ten Saturday
morning, according to William Rig
den, operator.
Due to the fact that campus tele
phones are used a great deal on
Saturday, the tieup caused consid
erable trouble. The dial has not as
yet been fixed, but will be usable
for a time.
The main dial of the telephone
exchange at Toyon Hall was out of
order from seven to ten Saturday
morning, according to William Rig
den, operator.
Due to the fact that campus tele
phones are used a great deal on
Saturday, the tieup caused consid
erable trouble. The dial has not as
yet been fixed, but will be usable
for a time.
The main dial of the telephone
exchange at Toyon Hall was out of
order from seven to ten Saturday
morning, according to William Rig
den, operator.
Due to the fact that campus tele
phones are used a great deal on
Saturday, the tieup caused consid
erable trouble. The dial has not as
yet been fixed, but will be usable
for a time.
The main dial of the telephone
exchange at Toyon Hall was out of
order from seven to ten Saturday
morning, according to William Rig
den, operator.
Due to the fact that campus tele
phones are used a great deal on
Saturday, the tieup caused consid
erable trouble. The dial has not as
yet been fixed, but will be usable
for a time.
The main dial of the telephone
exchange at Toyon Hall was out of
order from seven to ten Saturday
morning, according to William Rig
den, operator.
Due to the fact that campus tele
phones are used a great deal on
Saturday, the tieup caused consid
erable trouble. The dial has not as
yet been fixed, but will be usable
for a time.
