# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The way in which minor class
offices are going begging and the
Hood of declinations that is daily
pouring into this office show a very
deplorable state of affairs. Es
pecially is it deplorable when such
an important office as that of class
treasurer is unable in several
classes to find a candidate. The
office is one that should not be
thrust upon anyone chosen at ran
dom, but should be an honor, con
ferred upon the ablest businessman
in the class. The reluctance shown
in accepting minor class offices has
assumed the appearance of a fad,
those nominated to such offices pre
sumably believing their dignity im
paired if they accept. Many of the
men who have been or who are now
prominent in student body affairs
have been brought forward through
the executive ability they mani
fested in their administration of
some minor class office. If the office
is humble and does not honor its
occupant, let the holder cast honor
upon the office by an efficient per
formance of its duties.
