# Memorial Church Plans for Guest Preacher Sunday
## 
### 
The Palm Sunday service in
Memorial Church will have as
special preacher the Rev. Dr. John
Baillie from Edinburgh Univer
sity, Scotland. He will speak at
the 11 a.m. service on "The Theol
ogy of Sleep."
Students may meet Dr. Baillie
at a coffee hour in Bowman Alum
ni House following the service.
He will speak again at 8 p.m. at
the Westminster' Center in Palo
Alto, corner of Kingsley and Cow
per. The public has been invited.
Dr. Baillie is presently a visit
ing professor at Union Theologi
cal Seminary, New York. He has
just retired as professor of di
vinity in the University of Edin
burgh and principal of New Col
lege.
in addition to being the Queen's
chaplain in Scotland, he is a for
mer moderator of the Church of
Scotland General Assembly and
since 1954 has been co-president
of the World Council of Churches.
His publications include "Diary
ot Private Prayer" and "A Diary
of Readings."
The Palm Sunday service in
Memorial Church will have as
special preacher the Rev. Dr. John
Baillie from Edinburgh Univer
sity, Scotland. He will speak at
the 11 a.m. service on "The Theol
ogy of Sleep."
Students may meet Dr. Baillie
at a coffee hour in Bowman Alum
ni House following the service.
He will speak again at 8 p.m. at
the Westminster' Center in Palo
Alto, corner of Kingsley and Cow
per. The public has been invited.
Dr. Baillie is presently a visit
ing professor at Union Theologi
cal Seminary, New York. He has
just retired as professor of di
vinity in the University of Edin
burgh and principal of New Col
lege.
in addition to being the Queen's
chaplain in Scotland, he is a for
mer moderator of the Church of
Scotland General Assembly and
since 1954 has been co-president
of the World Council of Churches.
His publications include "Diary
ot Private Prayer" and "A Diary
of Readings."
The Palm Sunday service in
Memorial Church will have as
special preacher the Rev. Dr. John
Baillie from Edinburgh Univer
sity, Scotland. He will speak at
the 11 a.m. service on "The Theol
ogy of Sleep."
Students may meet Dr. Baillie
at a coffee hour in Bowman Alum
ni House following the service.
He will speak again at 8 p.m. at
the Westminster' Center in Palo
Alto, corner of Kingsley and Cow
per. The public has been invited.
Dr. Baillie is presently a visit
ing professor at Union Theologi
cal Seminary, New York. He has
just retired as professor of di
vinity in the University of Edin
burgh and principal of New Col
lege.
in addition to being the Queen's
chaplain in Scotland, he is a for
mer moderator of the Church of
Scotland General Assembly and
since 1954 has been co-president
of the World Council of Churches.
His publications include "Diary
ot Private Prayer" and "A Diary
of Readings."
The Palm Sunday service in
Memorial Church will have as
special preacher the Rev. Dr. John
Baillie from Edinburgh Univer
sity, Scotland. He will speak at
the 11 a.m. service on "The Theol
ogy of Sleep."
Students may meet Dr. Baillie
at a coffee hour in Bowman Alum
ni House following the service.
He will speak again at 8 p.m. at
the Westminster' Center in Palo
Alto, corner of Kingsley and Cow
per. The public has been invited.
Dr. Baillie is presently a visit
ing professor at Union Theologi
cal Seminary, New York. He has
just retired as professor of di
vinity in the University of Edin
burgh and principal of New Col
lege.
in addition to being the Queen's
chaplain in Scotland, he is a for
mer moderator of the Church of
Scotland General Assembly and
since 1954 has been co-president
of the World Council of Churches.
His publications include "Diary
ot Private Prayer" and "A Diary
of Readings."
The Palm Sunday service in
Memorial Church will have as
special preacher the Rev. Dr. John
Baillie from Edinburgh Univer
sity, Scotland. He will speak at
the 11 a.m. service on "The Theol
ogy of Sleep."
Students may meet Dr. Baillie
at a coffee hour in Bowman Alum
ni House following the service.
He will speak again at 8 p.m. at
the Westminster' Center in Palo
Alto, corner of Kingsley and Cow
per. The public has been invited.
Dr. Baillie is presently a visit
ing professor at Union Theologi
cal Seminary, New York. He has
just retired as professor of di
vinity in the University of Edin
burgh and principal of New Col
lege.
in addition to being the Queen's
chaplain in Scotland, he is a for
mer moderator of the Church of
Scotland General Assembly and
since 1954 has been co-president
of the World Council of Churches.
His publications include "Diary
ot Private Prayer" and "A Diary
of Readings."
The Palm Sunday service in
Memorial Church will have as
special preacher the Rev. Dr. John
Baillie from Edinburgh Univer
sity, Scotland. He will speak at
the 11 a.m. service on "The Theol
ogy of Sleep."
Students may meet Dr. Baillie
at a coffee hour in Bowman Alum
ni House following the service.
He will speak again at 8 p.m. at
the Westminster' Center in Palo
Alto, corner of Kingsley and Cow
per. The public has been invited.
Dr. Baillie is presently a visit
ing professor at Union Theologi
cal Seminary, New York. He has
just retired as professor of di
vinity in the University of Edin
burgh and principal of New Col
lege.
in addition to being the Queen's
chaplain in Scotland, he is a for
mer moderator of the Church of
Scotland General Assembly and
since 1954 has been co-president
of the World Council of Churches.
His publications include "Diary
ot Private Prayer" and "A Diary
of Readings."
The Palm Sunday service in
Memorial Church will have as
special preacher the Rev. Dr. John
Baillie from Edinburgh Univer
sity, Scotland. He will speak at
the 11 a.m. service on "The Theol
ogy of Sleep."
Students may meet Dr. Baillie
at a coffee hour in Bowman Alum
ni House following the service.
He will speak again at 8 p.m. at
the Westminster' Center in Palo
Alto, corner of Kingsley and Cow
per. The public has been invited.
Dr. Baillie is presently a visit
ing professor at Union Theologi
cal Seminary, New York. He has
just retired as professor of di
vinity in the University of Edin
burgh and principal of New Col
lege.
in addition to being the Queen's
chaplain in Scotland, he is a for
mer moderator of the Church of
Scotland General Assembly and
since 1954 has been co-president
of the World Council of Churches.
His publications include "Diary
ot Private Prayer" and "A Diary
of Readings."
The Palm Sunday service in
Memorial Church will have as
special preacher the Rev. Dr. John
Baillie from Edinburgh Univer
sity, Scotland. He will speak at
the 11 a.m. service on "The Theol
ogy of Sleep."
Students may meet Dr. Baillie
at a coffee hour in Bowman Alum
ni House following the service.
He will speak again at 8 p.m. at
the Westminster' Center in Palo
Alto, corner of Kingsley and Cow
per. The public has been invited.
Dr. Baillie is presently a visit
ing professor at Union Theologi
cal Seminary, New York. He has
just retired as professor of di
vinity in the University of Edin
burgh and principal of New Col
lege.
in addition to being the Queen's
chaplain in Scotland, he is a for
mer moderator of the Church of
Scotland General Assembly and
since 1954 has been co-president
of the World Council of Churches.
His publications include "Diary
ot Private Prayer" and "A Diary
of Readings."
The Palm Sunday service in
Memorial Church will have as
special preacher the Rev. Dr. John
Baillie from Edinburgh Univer
sity, Scotland. He will speak at
the 11 a.m. service on "The Theol
ogy of Sleep."
Students may meet Dr. Baillie
at a coffee hour in Bowman Alum
ni House following the service.
He will speak again at 8 p.m. at
the Westminster' Center in Palo
Alto, corner of Kingsley and Cow
per. The public has been invited.
Dr. Baillie is presently a visit
ing professor at Union Theologi
cal Seminary, New York. He has
just retired as professor of di
vinity in the University of Edin
burgh and principal of New Col
lege.
in addition to being the Queen's
chaplain in Scotland, he is a for
mer moderator of the Church of
Scotland General Assembly and
since 1954 has been co-president
of the World Council of Churches.
His publications include "Diary
ot Private Prayer" and "A Diary
of Readings."
The Palm Sunday service in
Memorial Church will have as
special preacher the Rev. Dr. John
Baillie from Edinburgh Univer
sity, Scotland. He will speak at
the 11 a.m. service on "The Theol
ogy of Sleep."
Students may meet Dr. Baillie
at a coffee hour in Bowman Alum
ni House following the service.
He will speak again at 8 p.m. at
the Westminster' Center in Palo
Alto, corner of Kingsley and Cow
per. The public has been invited.
Dr. Baillie is presently a visit
ing professor at Union Theologi
cal Seminary, New York. He has
just retired as professor of di
vinity in the University of Edin
burgh and principal of New Col
lege.
in addition to being the Queen's
chaplain in Scotland, he is a for
mer moderator of the Church of
Scotland General Assembly and
since 1954 has been co-president
of the World Council of Churches.
His publications include "Diary
ot Private Prayer" and "A Diary
of Readings."
The Palm Sunday service in
Memorial Church will have as
special preacher the Rev. Dr. John
Baillie from Edinburgh Univer
sity, Scotland. He will speak at
the 11 a.m. service on "The Theol
ogy of Sleep."
Students may meet Dr. Baillie
at a coffee hour in Bowman Alum
ni House following the service.
He will speak again at 8 p.m. at
the Westminster' Center in Palo
Alto, corner of Kingsley and Cow
per. The public has been invited.
Dr. Baillie is presently a visit
ing professor at Union Theologi
cal Seminary, New York. He has
just retired as professor of di
vinity in the University of Edin
burgh and principal of New Col
lege.
in addition to being the Queen's
chaplain in Scotland, he is a for
mer moderator of the Church of
Scotland General Assembly and
since 1954 has been co-president
of the World Council of Churches.
His publications include "Diary
ot Private Prayer" and "A Diary
of Readings."
The Palm Sunday service in
Memorial Church will have as
special preacher the Rev. Dr. John
Baillie from Edinburgh Univer
sity, Scotland. He will speak at
the 11 a.m. service on "The Theol
ogy of Sleep."
Students may meet Dr. Baillie
at a coffee hour in Bowman Alum
ni House following the service.
He will speak again at 8 p.m. at
the Westminster' Center in Palo
Alto, corner of Kingsley and Cow
per. The public has been invited.
Dr. Baillie is presently a visit
ing professor at Union Theologi
cal Seminary, New York. He has
just retired as professor of di
vinity in the University of Edin
burgh and principal of New Col
lege.
in addition to being the Queen's
chaplain in Scotland, he is a for
mer moderator of the Church of
Scotland General Assembly and
since 1954 has been co-president
of the World Council of Churches.
His publications include "Diary
ot Private Prayer" and "A Diary
of Readings."
The Palm Sunday service in
Memorial Church will have as
special preacher the Rev. Dr. John
Baillie from Edinburgh Univer
sity, Scotland. He will speak at
the 11 a.m. service on "The Theol
ogy of Sleep."
Students may meet Dr. Baillie
at a coffee hour in Bowman Alum
ni House following the service.
He will speak again at 8 p.m. at
the Westminster' Center in Palo
Alto, corner of Kingsley and Cow
per. The public has been invited.
Dr. Baillie is presently a visit
ing professor at Union Theologi
cal Seminary, New York. He has
just retired as professor of di
vinity in the University of Edin
burgh and principal of New Col
lege.
in addition to being the Queen's
chaplain in Scotland, he is a for
mer moderator of the Church of
Scotland General Assembly and
since 1954 has been co-president
of the World Council of Churches.
His publications include "Diary
ot Private Prayer" and "A Diary
of Readings."
The Palm Sunday service in
Memorial Church will have as
special preacher the Rev. Dr. John
Baillie from Edinburgh Univer
sity, Scotland. He will speak at
the 11 a.m. service on "The Theol
ogy of Sleep."
Students may meet Dr. Baillie
at a coffee hour in Bowman Alum
ni House following the service.
He will speak again at 8 p.m. at
the Westminster' Center in Palo
Alto, corner of Kingsley and Cow
per. The public has been invited.
Dr. Baillie is presently a visit
ing professor at Union Theologi
cal Seminary, New York. He has
just retired as professor of di
vinity in the University of Edin
burgh and principal of New Col
lege.
in addition to being the Queen's
chaplain in Scotland, he is a for
mer moderator of the Church of
Scotland General Assembly and
since 1954 has been co-president
of the World Council of Churches.
His publications include "Diary
ot Private Prayer" and "A Diary
of Readings."
The Palm Sunday service in
Memorial Church will have as
special preacher the Rev. Dr. John
Baillie from Edinburgh Univer
sity, Scotland. He will speak at
the 11 a.m. service on "The Theol
ogy of Sleep."
Students may meet Dr. Baillie
at a coffee hour in Bowman Alum
ni House following the service.
He will speak again at 8 p.m. at
the Westminster' Center in Palo
Alto, corner of Kingsley and Cow
per. The public has been invited.
Dr. Baillie is presently a visit
ing professor at Union Theologi
cal Seminary, New York. He has
just retired as professor of di
vinity in the University of Edin
burgh and principal of New Col
lege.
in addition to being the Queen's
chaplain in Scotland, he is a for
mer moderator of the Church of
Scotland General Assembly and
since 1954 has been co-president
of the World Council of Churches.
His publications include "Diary
ot Private Prayer" and "A Diary
of Readings."
The Palm Sunday service in
Memorial Church will have as
special preacher the Rev. Dr. John
Baillie from Edinburgh Univer
sity, Scotland. He will speak at
the 11 a.m. service on "The Theol
ogy of Sleep."
Students may meet Dr. Baillie
at a coffee hour in Bowman Alum
ni House following the service.
He will speak again at 8 p.m. at
the Westminster' Center in Palo
Alto, corner of Kingsley and Cow
per. The public has been invited.
Dr. Baillie is presently a visit
ing professor at Union Theologi
cal Seminary, New York. He has
just retired as professor of di
vinity in the University of Edin
burgh and principal of New Col
lege.
in addition to being the Queen's
chaplain in Scotland, he is a for
mer moderator of the Church of
Scotland General Assembly and
since 1954 has been co-president
of the World Council of Churches.
His publications include "Diary
ot Private Prayer" and "A Diary
of Readings."
