# Tickets on Sale For SU Players' 'The Wild Duck'
## 
### 
Tickets are now on sale in the
Memorial Auditorium box office
for the Stanford Players' produc
tion of Henrik Ibsen's "The Wild
Duck." The play will begin a
two-week run in the Little The
atre April 24.
Prices are $1 and $1.50. "The
Wild Duck" is an ironic tragic
comedy of a man who mistakes
rold facts for the truth about
life. The damage this man does
to a happy family constitutes the
story of the play.
Rob e r t Lop e r is director.
Among the cast are Philip Am
egloff, Robert Bonner, Walter
Brown, Jerry Crawford, Patricia
Crawford, Michael duPont, Celia
Howard, Melvin Kitay, Peter
Kump, Robert Lehrer, Robert
Mc Far land, David O'Brien, Ann
Pine, Herbert Propper, Philip
Tilden and Stanton Throneberry.
Tickets are now on sale in the
Memorial Auditorium box office
for the Stanford Players' produc
tion of Henrik Ibsen's "The Wild
Duck." The play will begin a
two-week run in the Little The
atre April 24.
Prices are $1 and $1.50. "The
Wild Duck" is an ironic tragic
comedy of a man who mistakes
rold facts for the truth about
life. The damage this man does
to a happy family constitutes the
story of the play.
Rob e r t Lop e r is director.
Among the cast are Philip Am
egloff, Robert Bonner, Walter
Brown, Jerry Crawford, Patricia
Crawford, Michael duPont, Celia
Howard, Melvin Kitay, Peter
Kump, Robert Lehrer, Robert
Mc Far land, David O'Brien, Ann
Pine, Herbert Propper, Philip
Tilden and Stanton Throneberry.
Tickets are now on sale in the
Memorial Auditorium box office
for the Stanford Players' produc
tion of Henrik Ibsen's "The Wild
Duck." The play will begin a
two-week run in the Little The
atre April 24.
Prices are $1 and $1.50. "The
Wild Duck" is an ironic tragic
comedy of a man who mistakes
rold facts for the truth about
life. The damage this man does
to a happy family constitutes the
story of the play.
Rob e r t Lop e r is director.
Among the cast are Philip Am
egloff, Robert Bonner, Walter
Brown, Jerry Crawford, Patricia
Crawford, Michael duPont, Celia
Howard, Melvin Kitay, Peter
Kump, Robert Lehrer, Robert
Mc Far land, David O'Brien, Ann
Pine, Herbert Propper, Philip
Tilden and Stanton Throneberry.
Tickets are now on sale in the
Memorial Auditorium box office
for the Stanford Players' produc
tion of Henrik Ibsen's "The Wild
Duck." The play will begin a
two-week run in the Little The
atre April 24.
Prices are $1 and $1.50. "The
Wild Duck" is an ironic tragic
comedy of a man who mistakes
rold facts for the truth about
life. The damage this man does
to a happy family constitutes the
story of the play.
Rob e r t Lop e r is director.
Among the cast are Philip Am
egloff, Robert Bonner, Walter
Brown, Jerry Crawford, Patricia
Crawford, Michael duPont, Celia
Howard, Melvin Kitay, Peter
Kump, Robert Lehrer, Robert
Mc Far land, David O'Brien, Ann
Pine, Herbert Propper, Philip
Tilden and Stanton Throneberry.
Tickets are now on sale in the
Memorial Auditorium box office
for the Stanford Players' produc
tion of Henrik Ibsen's "The Wild
Duck." The play will begin a
two-week run in the Little The
atre April 24.
Prices are $1 and $1.50. "The
Wild Duck" is an ironic tragic
comedy of a man who mistakes
rold facts for the truth about
life. The damage this man does
to a happy family constitutes the
story of the play.
Rob e r t Lop e r is director.
Among the cast are Philip Am
egloff, Robert Bonner, Walter
Brown, Jerry Crawford, Patricia
Crawford, Michael duPont, Celia
Howard, Melvin Kitay, Peter
Kump, Robert Lehrer, Robert
Mc Far land, David O'Brien, Ann
Pine, Herbert Propper, Philip
Tilden and Stanton Throneberry.
Tickets are now on sale in the
Memorial Auditorium box office
for the Stanford Players' produc
tion of Henrik Ibsen's "The Wild
Duck." The play will begin a
two-week run in the Little The
atre April 24.
Prices are $1 and $1.50. "The
Wild Duck" is an ironic tragic
comedy of a man who mistakes
rold facts for the truth about
life. The damage this man does
to a happy family constitutes the
story of the play.
Rob e r t Lop e r is director.
Among the cast are Philip Am
egloff, Robert Bonner, Walter
Brown, Jerry Crawford, Patricia
Crawford, Michael duPont, Celia
Howard, Melvin Kitay, Peter
Kump, Robert Lehrer, Robert
Mc Far land, David O'Brien, Ann
Pine, Herbert Propper, Philip
Tilden and Stanton Throneberry.
Tickets are now on sale in the
Memorial Auditorium box office
for the Stanford Players' produc
tion of Henrik Ibsen's "The Wild
Duck." The play will begin a
two-week run in the Little The
atre April 24.
Prices are $1 and $1.50. "The
Wild Duck" is an ironic tragic
comedy of a man who mistakes
rold facts for the truth about
life. The damage this man does
to a happy family constitutes the
story of the play.
Rob e r t Lop e r is director.
Among the cast are Philip Am
egloff, Robert Bonner, Walter
Brown, Jerry Crawford, Patricia
Crawford, Michael duPont, Celia
Howard, Melvin Kitay, Peter
Kump, Robert Lehrer, Robert
Mc Far land, David O'Brien, Ann
Pine, Herbert Propper, Philip
Tilden and Stanton Throneberry.
Tickets are now on sale in the
Memorial Auditorium box office
for the Stanford Players' produc
tion of Henrik Ibsen's "The Wild
Duck." The play will begin a
two-week run in the Little The
atre April 24.
Prices are $1 and $1.50. "The
Wild Duck" is an ironic tragic
comedy of a man who mistakes
rold facts for the truth about
life. The damage this man does
to a happy family constitutes the
story of the play.
Rob e r t Lop e r is director.
Among the cast are Philip Am
egloff, Robert Bonner, Walter
Brown, Jerry Crawford, Patricia
Crawford, Michael duPont, Celia
Howard, Melvin Kitay, Peter
Kump, Robert Lehrer, Robert
Mc Far land, David O'Brien, Ann
Pine, Herbert Propper, Philip
Tilden and Stanton Throneberry.
Tickets are now on sale in the
Memorial Auditorium box office
for the Stanford Players' produc
tion of Henrik Ibsen's "The Wild
Duck." The play will begin a
two-week run in the Little The
atre April 24.
Prices are $1 and $1.50. "The
Wild Duck" is an ironic tragic
comedy of a man who mistakes
rold facts for the truth about
life. The damage this man does
to a happy family constitutes the
story of the play.
Rob e r t Lop e r is director.
Among the cast are Philip Am
egloff, Robert Bonner, Walter
Brown, Jerry Crawford, Patricia
Crawford, Michael duPont, Celia
Howard, Melvin Kitay, Peter
Kump, Robert Lehrer, Robert
Mc Far land, David O'Brien, Ann
Pine, Herbert Propper, Philip
Tilden and Stanton Throneberry.
Tickets are now on sale in the
Memorial Auditorium box office
for the Stanford Players' produc
tion of Henrik Ibsen's "The Wild
Duck." The play will begin a
two-week run in the Little The
atre April 24.
Prices are $1 and $1.50. "The
Wild Duck" is an ironic tragic
comedy of a man who mistakes
rold facts for the truth about
life. The damage this man does
to a happy family constitutes the
story of the play.
Rob e r t Lop e r is director.
Among the cast are Philip Am
egloff, Robert Bonner, Walter
Brown, Jerry Crawford, Patricia
Crawford, Michael duPont, Celia
Howard, Melvin Kitay, Peter
Kump, Robert Lehrer, Robert
Mc Far land, David O'Brien, Ann
Pine, Herbert Propper, Philip
Tilden and Stanton Throneberry.
Tickets are now on sale in the
Memorial Auditorium box office
for the Stanford Players' produc
tion of Henrik Ibsen's "The Wild
Duck." The play will begin a
two-week run in the Little The
atre April 24.
Prices are $1 and $1.50. "The
Wild Duck" is an ironic tragic
comedy of a man who mistakes
rold facts for the truth about
life. The damage this man does
to a happy family constitutes the
story of the play.
Rob e r t Lop e r is director.
Among the cast are Philip Am
egloff, Robert Bonner, Walter
Brown, Jerry Crawford, Patricia
Crawford, Michael duPont, Celia
Howard, Melvin Kitay, Peter
Kump, Robert Lehrer, Robert
Mc Far land, David O'Brien, Ann
Pine, Herbert Propper, Philip
Tilden and Stanton Throneberry.
Tickets are now on sale in the
Memorial Auditorium box office
for the Stanford Players' produc
tion of Henrik Ibsen's "The Wild
Duck." The play will begin a
two-week run in the Little The
atre April 24.
Prices are $1 and $1.50. "The
Wild Duck" is an ironic tragic
comedy of a man who mistakes
rold facts for the truth about
life. The damage this man does
to a happy family constitutes the
story of the play.
Rob e r t Lop e r is director.
Among the cast are Philip Am
egloff, Robert Bonner, Walter
Brown, Jerry Crawford, Patricia
Crawford, Michael duPont, Celia
Howard, Melvin Kitay, Peter
Kump, Robert Lehrer, Robert
Mc Far land, David O'Brien, Ann
Pine, Herbert Propper, Philip
Tilden and Stanton Throneberry.
Tickets are now on sale in the
Memorial Auditorium box office
for the Stanford Players' produc
tion of Henrik Ibsen's "The Wild
Duck." The play will begin a
two-week run in the Little The
atre April 24.
Prices are $1 and $1.50. "The
Wild Duck" is an ironic tragic
comedy of a man who mistakes
rold facts for the truth about
life. The damage this man does
to a happy family constitutes the
story of the play.
Rob e r t Lop e r is director.
Among the cast are Philip Am
egloff, Robert Bonner, Walter
Brown, Jerry Crawford, Patricia
Crawford, Michael duPont, Celia
Howard, Melvin Kitay, Peter
Kump, Robert Lehrer, Robert
Mc Far land, David O'Brien, Ann
Pine, Herbert Propper, Philip
Tilden and Stanton Throneberry.
Tickets are now on sale in the
Memorial Auditorium box office
for the Stanford Players' produc
tion of Henrik Ibsen's "The Wild
Duck." The play will begin a
two-week run in the Little The
atre April 24.
Prices are $1 and $1.50. "The
Wild Duck" is an ironic tragic
comedy of a man who mistakes
rold facts for the truth about
life. The damage this man does
to a happy family constitutes the
story of the play.
Rob e r t Lop e r is director.
Among the cast are Philip Am
egloff, Robert Bonner, Walter
Brown, Jerry Crawford, Patricia
Crawford, Michael duPont, Celia
Howard, Melvin Kitay, Peter
Kump, Robert Lehrer, Robert
Mc Far land, David O'Brien, Ann
Pine, Herbert Propper, Philip
Tilden and Stanton Throneberry.
Tickets are now on sale in the
Memorial Auditorium box office
for the Stanford Players' produc
tion of Henrik Ibsen's "The Wild
Duck." The play will begin a
two-week run in the Little The
atre April 24.
Prices are $1 and $1.50. "The
Wild Duck" is an ironic tragic
comedy of a man who mistakes
rold facts for the truth about
life. The damage this man does
to a happy family constitutes the
story of the play.
Rob e r t Lop e r is director.
Among the cast are Philip Am
egloff, Robert Bonner, Walter
Brown, Jerry Crawford, Patricia
Crawford, Michael duPont, Celia
Howard, Melvin Kitay, Peter
Kump, Robert Lehrer, Robert
Mc Far land, David O'Brien, Ann
Pine, Herbert Propper, Philip
Tilden and Stanton Throneberry.
Tickets are now on sale in the
Memorial Auditorium box office
for the Stanford Players' produc
tion of Henrik Ibsen's "The Wild
Duck." The play will begin a
two-week run in the Little The
atre April 24.
Prices are $1 and $1.50. "The
Wild Duck" is an ironic tragic
comedy of a man who mistakes
rold facts for the truth about
life. The damage this man does
to a happy family constitutes the
story of the play.
Rob e r t Lop e r is director.
Among the cast are Philip Am
egloff, Robert Bonner, Walter
Brown, Jerry Crawford, Patricia
Crawford, Michael duPont, Celia
Howard, Melvin Kitay, Peter
Kump, Robert Lehrer, Robert
Mc Far land, David O'Brien, Ann
Pine, Herbert Propper, Philip
Tilden and Stanton Throneberry.
