# Golfers in Action
## 
### 
Southern California will invade
the Stanford Golf Course tomor
row at 1 p.m. to meet coach Bud
Finger's Indian swingers. The
freshmen will too off one hour
earlier when they host the Penin
sula Athletic League all-stars.
Southern California will invade
the Stanford Golf Course tomor
row at 1 p.m. to meet coach Bud
Finger's Indian swingers. The
freshmen will too off one hour
earlier when they host the Penin
sula Athletic League all-stars.
Southern California will invade
the Stanford Golf Course tomor
row at 1 p.m. to meet coach Bud
Finger's Indian swingers. The
freshmen will too off one hour
earlier when they host the Penin
sula Athletic League all-stars.
Southern California will invade
the Stanford Golf Course tomor
row at 1 p.m. to meet coach Bud
Finger's Indian swingers. The
freshmen will too off one hour
earlier when they host the Penin
sula Athletic League all-stars.
Southern California will invade
the Stanford Golf Course tomor
row at 1 p.m. to meet coach Bud
Finger's Indian swingers. The
freshmen will too off one hour
earlier when they host the Penin
sula Athletic League all-stars.
Southern California will invade
the Stanford Golf Course tomor
row at 1 p.m. to meet coach Bud
Finger's Indian swingers. The
freshmen will too off one hour
earlier when they host the Penin
sula Athletic League all-stars.
Southern California will invade
the Stanford Golf Course tomor
row at 1 p.m. to meet coach Bud
Finger's Indian swingers. The
freshmen will too off one hour
earlier when they host the Penin
sula Athletic League all-stars.
Southern California will invade
the Stanford Golf Course tomor
row at 1 p.m. to meet coach Bud
Finger's Indian swingers. The
freshmen will too off one hour
earlier when they host the Penin
sula Athletic League all-stars.
Southern California will invade
the Stanford Golf Course tomor
row at 1 p.m. to meet coach Bud
Finger's Indian swingers. The
freshmen will too off one hour
earlier when they host the Penin
sula Athletic League all-stars.
Southern California will invade
the Stanford Golf Course tomor
row at 1 p.m. to meet coach Bud
Finger's Indian swingers. The
freshmen will too off one hour
earlier when they host the Penin
sula Athletic League all-stars.
Southern California will invade
the Stanford Golf Course tomor
row at 1 p.m. to meet coach Bud
Finger's Indian swingers. The
freshmen will too off one hour
earlier when they host the Penin
sula Athletic League all-stars.
Southern California will invade
the Stanford Golf Course tomor
row at 1 p.m. to meet coach Bud
Finger's Indian swingers. The
freshmen will too off one hour
earlier when they host the Penin
sula Athletic League all-stars.
Southern California will invade
the Stanford Golf Course tomor
row at 1 p.m. to meet coach Bud
Finger's Indian swingers. The
freshmen will too off one hour
earlier when they host the Penin
sula Athletic League all-stars.
Southern California will invade
the Stanford Golf Course tomor
row at 1 p.m. to meet coach Bud
Finger's Indian swingers. The
freshmen will too off one hour
earlier when they host the Penin
sula Athletic League all-stars.
Southern California will invade
the Stanford Golf Course tomor
row at 1 p.m. to meet coach Bud
Finger's Indian swingers. The
freshmen will too off one hour
earlier when they host the Penin
sula Athletic League all-stars.
Southern California will invade
the Stanford Golf Course tomor
row at 1 p.m. to meet coach Bud
Finger's Indian swingers. The
freshmen will too off one hour
earlier when they host the Penin
sula Athletic League all-stars.
