# Quad Proofs
## 
### 
CJary Willcuts, editor of the
1957 Quad, asks all fraternities
that have not checked the proofs
for their page in the yearbook to
send a representative to the Quad
office today between 2:30 and
5:30 p.m.
CJary Willcuts, editor of the
1957 Quad, asks all fraternities
that have not checked the proofs
for their page in the yearbook to
send a representative to the Quad
office today between 2:30 and
5:30 p.m.
CJary Willcuts, editor of the
1957 Quad, asks all fraternities
that have not checked the proofs
for their page in the yearbook to
send a representative to the Quad
office today between 2:30 and
5:30 p.m.
CJary Willcuts, editor of the
1957 Quad, asks all fraternities
that have not checked the proofs
for their page in the yearbook to
send a representative to the Quad
office today between 2:30 and
5:30 p.m.
CJary Willcuts, editor of the
1957 Quad, asks all fraternities
that have not checked the proofs
for their page in the yearbook to
send a representative to the Quad
office today between 2:30 and
5:30 p.m.
CJary Willcuts, editor of the
1957 Quad, asks all fraternities
that have not checked the proofs
for their page in the yearbook to
send a representative to the Quad
office today between 2:30 and
5:30 p.m.
CJary Willcuts, editor of the
1957 Quad, asks all fraternities
that have not checked the proofs
for their page in the yearbook to
send a representative to the Quad
office today between 2:30 and
5:30 p.m.
CJary Willcuts, editor of the
1957 Quad, asks all fraternities
that have not checked the proofs
for their page in the yearbook to
send a representative to the Quad
office today between 2:30 and
5:30 p.m.
CJary Willcuts, editor of the
1957 Quad, asks all fraternities
that have not checked the proofs
for their page in the yearbook to
send a representative to the Quad
office today between 2:30 and
5:30 p.m.
CJary Willcuts, editor of the
1957 Quad, asks all fraternities
that have not checked the proofs
for their page in the yearbook to
send a representative to the Quad
office today between 2:30 and
5:30 p.m.
CJary Willcuts, editor of the
1957 Quad, asks all fraternities
that have not checked the proofs
for their page in the yearbook to
send a representative to the Quad
office today between 2:30 and
5:30 p.m.
CJary Willcuts, editor of the
1957 Quad, asks all fraternities
that have not checked the proofs
for their page in the yearbook to
send a representative to the Quad
office today between 2:30 and
5:30 p.m.
CJary Willcuts, editor of the
1957 Quad, asks all fraternities
that have not checked the proofs
for their page in the yearbook to
send a representative to the Quad
office today between 2:30 and
5:30 p.m.
CJary Willcuts, editor of the
1957 Quad, asks all fraternities
that have not checked the proofs
for their page in the yearbook to
send a representative to the Quad
office today between 2:30 and
5:30 p.m.
CJary Willcuts, editor of the
1957 Quad, asks all fraternities
that have not checked the proofs
for their page in the yearbook to
send a representative to the Quad
office today between 2:30 and
5:30 p.m.
CJary Willcuts, editor of the
1957 Quad, asks all fraternities
that have not checked the proofs
for their page in the yearbook to
send a representative to the Quad
office today between 2:30 and
5:30 p.m.
