# Adv. 43 Page 7
## 
### 
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
Sec Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-fleet-lease
■
Palo Alto Datsun
3017 El Camino, Palo Alto
493-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
Sec Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-fleet-lease
■
Palo Alto Datsun
3017 El Camino, Palo Alto
493-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
Sec Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-fleet-lease
■
Palo Alto Datsun
3017 El Camino, Palo Alto
493-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
Sec Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-fleet-lease
■
Palo Alto Datsun
3017 El Camino, Palo Alto
493-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
Sec Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-fleet-lease
■
Palo Alto Datsun
3017 El Camino, Palo Alto
493-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
Sec Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-fleet-lease
■
Palo Alto Datsun
3017 El Camino, Palo Alto
493-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
Sec Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-fleet-lease
■
Palo Alto Datsun
3017 El Camino, Palo Alto
493-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
Sec Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-fleet-lease
■
Palo Alto Datsun
3017 El Camino, Palo Alto
493-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
Sec Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-fleet-lease
■
Palo Alto Datsun
3017 El Camino, Palo Alto
493-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
Sec Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-fleet-lease
■
Palo Alto Datsun
3017 El Camino, Palo Alto
493-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
Sec Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-fleet-lease
■
Palo Alto Datsun
3017 El Camino, Palo Alto
493-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
Sec Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-fleet-lease
■
Palo Alto Datsun
3017 El Camino, Palo Alto
493-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
Sec Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-fleet-lease
■
Palo Alto Datsun
3017 El Camino, Palo Alto
493-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
Sec Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-fleet-lease
■
Palo Alto Datsun
3017 El Camino, Palo Alto
493-5100
