# Critics attack Republicans without showing mistakes
## 
### 
In the wake of the recent College
Republicans presentation "AIDS: What
You Haven't Been Told," the barrage of
ad hominem attacks on the documen
tary's "misinformation, ignorance and
homophobia" fail to provide any sub
stantive evidence in support of this
claim.
Although the film bases all its argu
ments on the specific facts and statis
tics, The Daily and other critics have

nevertheless made no attempt to exam
ine the film*B true substance but have
merely resorted to simplistic smears.
We are still waiting to hear about a
single inaccuracy presented in the doc
umentary.
If exposing established facts renders
our arguments "insensitive" in the eyes
of Stanford's politically correct commu
nity, we are perfectly willing to plead
guilty on this count.
Yet what remains to be recognized is
that the much vital information on the
AIDS epidemic lies out of the reach of
many at Stanford. Disseminating infor
mation that could potentially save lives
was one of the main motivations for
our presentation.
While, admittedly, members of the
Gay and Lesbian Alliance at Stanford
may be right in that the film contains
material that may be offensive to some
people, we refuse to suppress critical
information in the name of "sen
sitivity."
John Abbott
President, Stanford College Repubicans
In the wake of the recent College
Republicans presentation "AIDS: What
You Haven't Been Told," the barrage of
ad hominem attacks on the documen
tary's "misinformation, ignorance and
homophobia" fail to provide any sub
stantive evidence in support of this
claim.
Although the film bases all its argu
ments on the specific facts and statis
tics, The Daily and other critics have

nevertheless made no attempt to exam
ine the film*B true substance but have
merely resorted to simplistic smears.
We are still waiting to hear about a
single inaccuracy presented in the doc
umentary.
If exposing established facts renders
our arguments "insensitive" in the eyes
of Stanford's politically correct commu
nity, we are perfectly willing to plead
guilty on this count.
Yet what remains to be recognized is
that the much vital information on the
AIDS epidemic lies out of the reach of
many at Stanford. Disseminating infor
mation that could potentially save lives
was one of the main motivations for
our presentation.
While, admittedly, members of the
Gay and Lesbian Alliance at Stanford
may be right in that the film contains
material that may be offensive to some
people, we refuse to suppress critical
information in the name of "sen
sitivity."
John Abbott
President, Stanford College Repubicans
In the wake of the recent College
Republicans presentation "AIDS: What
You Haven't Been Told," the barrage of
ad hominem attacks on the documen
tary's "misinformation, ignorance and
homophobia" fail to provide any sub
stantive evidence in support of this
claim.
Although the film bases all its argu
ments on the specific facts and statis
tics, The Daily and other critics have

nevertheless made no attempt to exam
ine the film*B true substance but have
merely resorted to simplistic smears.
We are still waiting to hear about a
single inaccuracy presented in the doc
umentary.
If exposing established facts renders
our arguments "insensitive" in the eyes
of Stanford's politically correct commu
nity, we are perfectly willing to plead
guilty on this count.
Yet what remains to be recognized is
that the much vital information on the
AIDS epidemic lies out of the reach of
many at Stanford. Disseminating infor
mation that could potentially save lives
was one of the main motivations for
our presentation.
While, admittedly, members of the
Gay and Lesbian Alliance at Stanford
may be right in that the film contains
material that may be offensive to some
people, we refuse to suppress critical
information in the name of "sen
sitivity."
John Abbott
President, Stanford College Repubicans
In the wake of the recent College
Republicans presentation "AIDS: What
You Haven't Been Told," the barrage of
ad hominem attacks on the documen
tary's "misinformation, ignorance and
homophobia" fail to provide any sub
stantive evidence in support of this
claim.
Although the film bases all its argu
ments on the specific facts and statis
tics, The Daily and other critics have

nevertheless made no attempt to exam
ine the film*B true substance but have
merely resorted to simplistic smears.
We are still waiting to hear about a
single inaccuracy presented in the doc
umentary.
If exposing established facts renders
our arguments "insensitive" in the eyes
of Stanford's politically correct commu
nity, we are perfectly willing to plead
guilty on this count.
Yet what remains to be recognized is
that the much vital information on the
AIDS epidemic lies out of the reach of
many at Stanford. Disseminating infor
mation that could potentially save lives
was one of the main motivations for
our presentation.
While, admittedly, members of the
Gay and Lesbian Alliance at Stanford
may be right in that the film contains
material that may be offensive to some
people, we refuse to suppress critical
information in the name of "sen
sitivity."
John Abbott
President, Stanford College Repubicans
In the wake of the recent College
Republicans presentation "AIDS: What
You Haven't Been Told," the barrage of
ad hominem attacks on the documen
tary's "misinformation, ignorance and
homophobia" fail to provide any sub
stantive evidence in support of this
claim.
Although the film bases all its argu
ments on the specific facts and statis
tics, The Daily and other critics have

nevertheless made no attempt to exam
ine the film*B true substance but have
merely resorted to simplistic smears.
We are still waiting to hear about a
single inaccuracy presented in the doc
umentary.
If exposing established facts renders
our arguments "insensitive" in the eyes
of Stanford's politically correct commu
nity, we are perfectly willing to plead
guilty on this count.
Yet what remains to be recognized is
that the much vital information on the
AIDS epidemic lies out of the reach of
many at Stanford. Disseminating infor
mation that could potentially save lives
was one of the main motivations for
our presentation.
While, admittedly, members of the
Gay and Lesbian Alliance at Stanford
may be right in that the film contains
material that may be offensive to some
people, we refuse to suppress critical
information in the name of "sen
sitivity."
John Abbott
President, Stanford College Repubicans
In the wake of the recent College
Republicans presentation "AIDS: What
You Haven't Been Told," the barrage of
ad hominem attacks on the documen
tary's "misinformation, ignorance and
homophobia" fail to provide any sub
stantive evidence in support of this
claim.
Although the film bases all its argu
ments on the specific facts and statis
tics, The Daily and other critics have

nevertheless made no attempt to exam
ine the film*B true substance but have
merely resorted to simplistic smears.
We are still waiting to hear about a
single inaccuracy presented in the doc
umentary.
If exposing established facts renders
our arguments "insensitive" in the eyes
of Stanford's politically correct commu
nity, we are perfectly willing to plead
guilty on this count.
Yet what remains to be recognized is
that the much vital information on the
AIDS epidemic lies out of the reach of
many at Stanford. Disseminating infor
mation that could potentially save lives
was one of the main motivations for
our presentation.
While, admittedly, members of the
Gay and Lesbian Alliance at Stanford
may be right in that the film contains
material that may be offensive to some
people, we refuse to suppress critical
information in the name of "sen
sitivity."
John Abbott
President, Stanford College Repubicans
In the wake of the recent College
Republicans presentation "AIDS: What
You Haven't Been Told," the barrage of
ad hominem attacks on the documen
tary's "misinformation, ignorance and
homophobia" fail to provide any sub
stantive evidence in support of this
claim.
Although the film bases all its argu
ments on the specific facts and statis
tics, The Daily and other critics have

nevertheless made no attempt to exam
ine the film*B true substance but have
merely resorted to simplistic smears.
We are still waiting to hear about a
single inaccuracy presented in the doc
umentary.
If exposing established facts renders
our arguments "insensitive" in the eyes
of Stanford's politically correct commu
nity, we are perfectly willing to plead
guilty on this count.
Yet what remains to be recognized is
that the much vital information on the
AIDS epidemic lies out of the reach of
many at Stanford. Disseminating infor
mation that could potentially save lives
was one of the main motivations for
our presentation.
While, admittedly, members of the
Gay and Lesbian Alliance at Stanford
may be right in that the film contains
material that may be offensive to some
people, we refuse to suppress critical
information in the name of "sen
sitivity."
John Abbott
President, Stanford College Repubicans
