# Neutrinos, Idiots Vie in Softball
## 
### 
The intramural soft hall cham
pionship game will be played at
6:00 p.m. today between the Neu
trinos and the Village Idiots on
field number four.
This is tho first time in many
years thai the fraternities have
been shut out of the final game.
The Ueutrinos boat Alpha Sig,
32, and Sigma Chi, 21, both
games going eight innings, to
reach the finals.
The intramural soft hall cham
pionship game will be played at
6:00 p.m. today between the Neu
trinos and the Village Idiots on
field number four.
This is tho first time in many
years thai the fraternities have
been shut out of the final game.
The Ueutrinos boat Alpha Sig,
32, and Sigma Chi, 21, both
games going eight innings, to
reach the finals.
The intramural soft hall cham
pionship game will be played at
6:00 p.m. today between the Neu
trinos and the Village Idiots on
field number four.
This is tho first time in many
years thai the fraternities have
been shut out of the final game.
The Ueutrinos boat Alpha Sig,
32, and Sigma Chi, 21, both
games going eight innings, to
reach the finals.
The intramural soft hall cham
pionship game will be played at
6:00 p.m. today between the Neu
trinos and the Village Idiots on
field number four.
This is tho first time in many
years thai the fraternities have
been shut out of the final game.
The Ueutrinos boat Alpha Sig,
32, and Sigma Chi, 21, both
games going eight innings, to
reach the finals.
The intramural soft hall cham
pionship game will be played at
6:00 p.m. today between the Neu
trinos and the Village Idiots on
field number four.
This is tho first time in many
years thai the fraternities have
been shut out of the final game.
The Ueutrinos boat Alpha Sig,
32, and Sigma Chi, 21, both
games going eight innings, to
reach the finals.
The intramural soft hall cham
pionship game will be played at
6:00 p.m. today between the Neu
trinos and the Village Idiots on
field number four.
This is tho first time in many
years thai the fraternities have
been shut out of the final game.
The Ueutrinos boat Alpha Sig,
32, and Sigma Chi, 21, both
games going eight innings, to
reach the finals.
The intramural soft hall cham
pionship game will be played at
6:00 p.m. today between the Neu
trinos and the Village Idiots on
field number four.
This is tho first time in many
years thai the fraternities have
been shut out of the final game.
The Ueutrinos boat Alpha Sig,
32, and Sigma Chi, 21, both
games going eight innings, to
reach the finals.
The intramural soft hall cham
pionship game will be played at
6:00 p.m. today between the Neu
trinos and the Village Idiots on
field number four.
This is tho first time in many
years thai the fraternities have
been shut out of the final game.
The Ueutrinos boat Alpha Sig,
32, and Sigma Chi, 21, both
games going eight innings, to
reach the finals.
The intramural soft hall cham
pionship game will be played at
6:00 p.m. today between the Neu
trinos and the Village Idiots on
field number four.
This is tho first time in many
years thai the fraternities have
been shut out of the final game.
The Ueutrinos boat Alpha Sig,
32, and Sigma Chi, 21, both
games going eight innings, to
reach the finals.
The intramural soft hall cham
pionship game will be played at
6:00 p.m. today between the Neu
trinos and the Village Idiots on
field number four.
This is tho first time in many
years thai the fraternities have
been shut out of the final game.
The Ueutrinos boat Alpha Sig,
32, and Sigma Chi, 21, both
games going eight innings, to
reach the finals.
The intramural soft hall cham
pionship game will be played at
6:00 p.m. today between the Neu
trinos and the Village Idiots on
field number four.
This is tho first time in many
years thai the fraternities have
been shut out of the final game.
The Ueutrinos boat Alpha Sig,
32, and Sigma Chi, 21, both
games going eight innings, to
reach the finals.
The intramural soft hall cham
pionship game will be played at
6:00 p.m. today between the Neu
trinos and the Village Idiots on
field number four.
This is tho first time in many
years thai the fraternities have
been shut out of the final game.
The Ueutrinos boat Alpha Sig,
32, and Sigma Chi, 21, both
games going eight innings, to
reach the finals.
The intramural soft hall cham
pionship game will be played at
6:00 p.m. today between the Neu
trinos and the Village Idiots on
field number four.
This is tho first time in many
years thai the fraternities have
been shut out of the final game.
The Ueutrinos boat Alpha Sig,
32, and Sigma Chi, 21, both
games going eight innings, to
reach the finals.
The intramural soft hall cham
pionship game will be played at
6:00 p.m. today between the Neu
trinos and the Village Idiots on
field number four.
This is tho first time in many
years thai the fraternities have
been shut out of the final game.
The Ueutrinos boat Alpha Sig,
32, and Sigma Chi, 21, both
games going eight innings, to
reach the finals.
The intramural soft hall cham
pionship game will be played at
6:00 p.m. today between the Neu
trinos and the Village Idiots on
field number four.
This is tho first time in many
years thai the fraternities have
been shut out of the final game.
The Ueutrinos boat Alpha Sig,
32, and Sigma Chi, 21, both
games going eight innings, to
reach the finals.
