# Y.W.C.A. SENIORS TO FETE SOPHOMORES AT DINNER TONIGHT
## 
### 
The Advisory Board and the Senior
Cabinet of the Stanford Y.W.C.A. will
entertain the Sophomore Cabinet and
twelve freshman girls at dinner this
evening at the Hoover home. The pur
pose of this meeting is to have the
members of the Y.W.C.A. meet the
freshman girls interested in this or
ganization, and to have the old mem
bers get together.
Mrs. Edwin J. Thomas of the Advis
ory Board, and Sally Miller of the
Senior Cabinet are in charge. Cars
will leave from in front of the Union
at 5:40 o'clock, taking the girls to
the Hoover home. The Advisory Board
and the Senior Cabinet will have busi
ness meetings immediately after din
ner.
Cards were sent out to the fresh
man women asking them whether they
were interested in Y.W.C.A. work, and
by this means the twelve freshmen
were chosen.
