# Council Stresses Closer Relations For Fraternities
## 
### 
At a meeting of the Interfraternity
Council held last night in the Old
Union, steps were taken to bring
about a closer relationship between
the fraternities on the campus.
One plan proposed which met the
approval of most of the members was
that one meal each week be set aside
by all fraternities so that men from
each group could dine with members
of other groups.
Willis Wolf, president of the coun
cil, announced that there were other
plans but because of undeveloped con
dition, would not be made known now.
Jake Lewis, president of the Stan
ford Alumni Interfraternity Council,
spoke to the council members. Lewis
offered the campus organization the
co-operation and backing of his coun
cil.
Plans were begun for a dance to be
given at a later date. The proceeds
of the dance will go toward sending a
representative of the Interfraternity
Conference to the National Fraternity
Convention in the East.
