# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Interfraternity basketball is already
under way at the University of South
ern California.
Interfraternity basketball is already
under way at the University of South
ern California.
Interfraternity basketball is already
under way at the University of South
ern California.
Interfraternity basketball is already
under way at the University of South
ern California.
Interfraternity basketball is already
under way at the University of South
ern California.
Interfraternity basketball is already
under way at the University of South
ern California.
Interfraternity basketball is already
under way at the University of South
ern California.
Interfraternity basketball is already
under way at the University of South
ern California.
Interfraternity basketball is already
under way at the University of South
ern California.
Interfraternity basketball is already
under way at the University of South
ern California.
Interfraternity basketball is already
under way at the University of South
ern California.
Interfraternity basketball is already
under way at the University of South
ern California.
Interfraternity basketball is already
under way at the University of South
ern California.
Interfraternity basketball is already
under way at the University of South
ern California.
Interfraternity basketball is already
under way at the University of South
ern California.
