# JUNIPERO SERRA CLUB WILL HOLD RECEPTION
## 
### 
The Junipero Serra Club, Catholic
students' organization, will hold a re
ception for all new students this eve
ning at 7:30 o'clock in the basement
of the Stanford Women's Clubhouse.
Monseigneur Gleason of Palo Alto,
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Maloney, and Mr.
and Mrs. Harry Wolters will receive
the new students.
Following the reception a business
meeting will be conducted to discuss
plans for the year.
The Junipero Serra Club, Catholic
students' organization, will hold a re
ception for all new students this eve
ning at 7:30 o'clock in the basement
of the Stanford Women's Clubhouse.
Monseigneur Gleason of Palo Alto,
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Maloney, and Mr.
and Mrs. Harry Wolters will receive
the new students.
Following the reception a business
meeting will be conducted to discuss
plans for the year.
The Junipero Serra Club, Catholic
students' organization, will hold a re
ception for all new students this eve
ning at 7:30 o'clock in the basement
of the Stanford Women's Clubhouse.
Monseigneur Gleason of Palo Alto,
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Maloney, and Mr.
and Mrs. Harry Wolters will receive
the new students.
Following the reception a business
meeting will be conducted to discuss
plans for the year.
The Junipero Serra Club, Catholic
students' organization, will hold a re
ception for all new students this eve
ning at 7:30 o'clock in the basement
of the Stanford Women's Clubhouse.
Monseigneur Gleason of Palo Alto,
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Maloney, and Mr.
and Mrs. Harry Wolters will receive
the new students.
Following the reception a business
meeting will be conducted to discuss
plans for the year.
The Junipero Serra Club, Catholic
students' organization, will hold a re
ception for all new students this eve
ning at 7:30 o'clock in the basement
of the Stanford Women's Clubhouse.
Monseigneur Gleason of Palo Alto,
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Maloney, and Mr.
and Mrs. Harry Wolters will receive
the new students.
Following the reception a business
meeting will be conducted to discuss
plans for the year.
The Junipero Serra Club, Catholic
students' organization, will hold a re
ception for all new students this eve
ning at 7:30 o'clock in the basement
of the Stanford Women's Clubhouse.
Monseigneur Gleason of Palo Alto,
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Maloney, and Mr.
and Mrs. Harry Wolters will receive
the new students.
Following the reception a business
meeting will be conducted to discuss
plans for the year.
The Junipero Serra Club, Catholic
students' organization, will hold a re
ception for all new students this eve
ning at 7:30 o'clock in the basement
of the Stanford Women's Clubhouse.
Monseigneur Gleason of Palo Alto,
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Maloney, and Mr.
and Mrs. Harry Wolters will receive
the new students.
Following the reception a business
meeting will be conducted to discuss
plans for the year.
The Junipero Serra Club, Catholic
students' organization, will hold a re
ception for all new students this eve
ning at 7:30 o'clock in the basement
of the Stanford Women's Clubhouse.
Monseigneur Gleason of Palo Alto,
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Maloney, and Mr.
and Mrs. Harry Wolters will receive
the new students.
Following the reception a business
meeting will be conducted to discuss
plans for the year.
The Junipero Serra Club, Catholic
students' organization, will hold a re
ception for all new students this eve
ning at 7:30 o'clock in the basement
of the Stanford Women's Clubhouse.
Monseigneur Gleason of Palo Alto,
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Maloney, and Mr.
and Mrs. Harry Wolters will receive
the new students.
Following the reception a business
meeting will be conducted to discuss
plans for the year.
The Junipero Serra Club, Catholic
students' organization, will hold a re
ception for all new students this eve
ning at 7:30 o'clock in the basement
of the Stanford Women's Clubhouse.
Monseigneur Gleason of Palo Alto,
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Maloney, and Mr.
and Mrs. Harry Wolters will receive
the new students.
Following the reception a business
meeting will be conducted to discuss
plans for the year.
The Junipero Serra Club, Catholic
students' organization, will hold a re
ception for all new students this eve
ning at 7:30 o'clock in the basement
of the Stanford Women's Clubhouse.
Monseigneur Gleason of Palo Alto,
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Maloney, and Mr.
and Mrs. Harry Wolters will receive
the new students.
Following the reception a business
meeting will be conducted to discuss
plans for the year.
The Junipero Serra Club, Catholic
students' organization, will hold a re
ception for all new students this eve
ning at 7:30 o'clock in the basement
of the Stanford Women's Clubhouse.
Monseigneur Gleason of Palo Alto,
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Maloney, and Mr.
and Mrs. Harry Wolters will receive
the new students.
Following the reception a business
meeting will be conducted to discuss
plans for the year.
The Junipero Serra Club, Catholic
students' organization, will hold a re
ception for all new students this eve
ning at 7:30 o'clock in the basement
of the Stanford Women's Clubhouse.
Monseigneur Gleason of Palo Alto,
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Maloney, and Mr.
and Mrs. Harry Wolters will receive
the new students.
Following the reception a business
meeting will be conducted to discuss
plans for the year.
The Junipero Serra Club, Catholic
students' organization, will hold a re
ception for all new students this eve
ning at 7:30 o'clock in the basement
of the Stanford Women's Clubhouse.
Monseigneur Gleason of Palo Alto,
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Maloney, and Mr.
and Mrs. Harry Wolters will receive
the new students.
Following the reception a business
meeting will be conducted to discuss
plans for the year.
The Junipero Serra Club, Catholic
students' organization, will hold a re
ception for all new students this eve
ning at 7:30 o'clock in the basement
of the Stanford Women's Clubhouse.
Monseigneur Gleason of Palo Alto,
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Maloney, and Mr.
and Mrs. Harry Wolters will receive
the new students.
Following the reception a business
meeting will be conducted to discuss
plans for the year.
