# ROBLE WOMEN TO BE SEQUOIA CLUB GUESTS
## 
### 
Sequoia Club will hold a musicale
Sunday evening, October 23, an
nounced Francis Morgan, president of
the organization. The women of Roble
Hall will be guests of the Club at
supper, which will be followed by a
program of music.
The entertainment is a return com
pliment for a similar affair given to
Sequoia by Roble Club last quarter.
Sequoia Club will hold a musicale
Sunday evening, October 23, an
nounced Francis Morgan, president of
the organization. The women of Roble
Hall will be guests of the Club at
supper, which will be followed by a
program of music.
The entertainment is a return com
pliment for a similar affair given to
Sequoia by Roble Club last quarter.
Sequoia Club will hold a musicale
Sunday evening, October 23, an
nounced Francis Morgan, president of
the organization. The women of Roble
Hall will be guests of the Club at
supper, which will be followed by a
program of music.
The entertainment is a return com
pliment for a similar affair given to
Sequoia by Roble Club last quarter.
Sequoia Club will hold a musicale
Sunday evening, October 23, an
nounced Francis Morgan, president of
the organization. The women of Roble
Hall will be guests of the Club at
supper, which will be followed by a
program of music.
The entertainment is a return com
pliment for a similar affair given to
Sequoia by Roble Club last quarter.
Sequoia Club will hold a musicale
Sunday evening, October 23, an
nounced Francis Morgan, president of
the organization. The women of Roble
Hall will be guests of the Club at
supper, which will be followed by a
program of music.
The entertainment is a return com
pliment for a similar affair given to
Sequoia by Roble Club last quarter.
Sequoia Club will hold a musicale
Sunday evening, October 23, an
nounced Francis Morgan, president of
the organization. The women of Roble
Hall will be guests of the Club at
supper, which will be followed by a
program of music.
The entertainment is a return com
pliment for a similar affair given to
Sequoia by Roble Club last quarter.
Sequoia Club will hold a musicale
Sunday evening, October 23, an
nounced Francis Morgan, president of
the organization. The women of Roble
Hall will be guests of the Club at
supper, which will be followed by a
program of music.
The entertainment is a return com
pliment for a similar affair given to
Sequoia by Roble Club last quarter.
Sequoia Club will hold a musicale
Sunday evening, October 23, an
nounced Francis Morgan, president of
the organization. The women of Roble
Hall will be guests of the Club at
supper, which will be followed by a
program of music.
The entertainment is a return com
pliment for a similar affair given to
Sequoia by Roble Club last quarter.
Sequoia Club will hold a musicale
Sunday evening, October 23, an
nounced Francis Morgan, president of
the organization. The women of Roble
Hall will be guests of the Club at
supper, which will be followed by a
program of music.
The entertainment is a return com
pliment for a similar affair given to
Sequoia by Roble Club last quarter.
Sequoia Club will hold a musicale
Sunday evening, October 23, an
nounced Francis Morgan, president of
the organization. The women of Roble
Hall will be guests of the Club at
supper, which will be followed by a
program of music.
The entertainment is a return com
pliment for a similar affair given to
Sequoia by Roble Club last quarter.
Sequoia Club will hold a musicale
Sunday evening, October 23, an
nounced Francis Morgan, president of
the organization. The women of Roble
Hall will be guests of the Club at
supper, which will be followed by a
program of music.
The entertainment is a return com
pliment for a similar affair given to
Sequoia by Roble Club last quarter.
Sequoia Club will hold a musicale
Sunday evening, October 23, an
nounced Francis Morgan, president of
the organization. The women of Roble
Hall will be guests of the Club at
supper, which will be followed by a
program of music.
The entertainment is a return com
pliment for a similar affair given to
Sequoia by Roble Club last quarter.
Sequoia Club will hold a musicale
Sunday evening, October 23, an
nounced Francis Morgan, president of
the organization. The women of Roble
Hall will be guests of the Club at
supper, which will be followed by a
program of music.
The entertainment is a return com
pliment for a similar affair given to
Sequoia by Roble Club last quarter.
Sequoia Club will hold a musicale
Sunday evening, October 23, an
nounced Francis Morgan, president of
the organization. The women of Roble
Hall will be guests of the Club at
supper, which will be followed by a
program of music.
The entertainment is a return com
pliment for a similar affair given to
Sequoia by Roble Club last quarter.
Sequoia Club will hold a musicale
Sunday evening, October 23, an
nounced Francis Morgan, president of
the organization. The women of Roble
Hall will be guests of the Club at
supper, which will be followed by a
program of music.
The entertainment is a return com
pliment for a similar affair given to
Sequoia by Roble Club last quarter.
