# CLAUDIO MUZIO FIRST ARTIST TO APPEAR IN A.S.S.U. MUSIC GROUP
## 
### 
Claudio Muzio, first of the artists
to appear on the Associated Students'
Concert Series, will sing in the Bas
ketball Pavilion Monday night, Octo
ber 17.
Muzio is a dramatic soprano of un
excelled ability. Her operatic experi
ence has been extensive and of the
most varied type. Her associations
have been with the opera houses of
Chicago (Chicago Civic Opera"~CoiiT
pany), Milan (La Scala), Monte Carlo,
Paris, Buenos Aires, San Francisco,
and Los Angeles. Among the great
dramatic soprano parts she has taken
are those of Aida, II Trovatore, La
Traviata, Pagliacci (conceded to be
the greatest Nedda of all times),
Cavalleria Rusticana, La Tosca, and
La Boheme.
Muzio's life has been one of inces
sant devotion to the opera. As a mere
infant in England at the Covent Gar
dent Theatre, she used to play in the
opera house where her father was as
sistant stage manager. Later, in New
York, her father found that she pos
sessed a wonderful voice and, fearing
that she might spoil it by using it in
her youth, gave her a harp to learn
to play.
Studies Singing
At the age of sixteen slie returned
to her land, Italy, and began the de
sire of her life, the study of singing.
After a period of study under such
masters as Mine. Casoloni of Turin
and Mme. Viviano of Milan, she made
her debut in Milan, and then sang in
Covent Garden. In 1916, Muzio made
her American debut in La Tosca and
was acclaimed the greatest Tosca
since Ternina.
Applications for tickets to this and
the four subsequent concerts may be
made by mail to Gertrude Baker, man
ager, Box 1151, Stanford University,
or by pnone, Palo Alto 3184 or 900,
local 136.
Claudio Muzio, first of the artists
to appear on the Associated Students'
Concert Series, will sing in the Bas
ketball Pavilion Monday night, Octo
ber 17.
Muzio is a dramatic soprano of un
excelled ability. Her operatic experi
ence has been extensive and of the
most varied type. Her associations
have been with the opera houses of
Chicago (Chicago Civic Opera"~CoiiT
pany), Milan (La Scala), Monte Carlo,
Paris, Buenos Aires, San Francisco,
and Los Angeles. Among the great
dramatic soprano parts she has taken
are those of Aida, II Trovatore, La
Traviata, Pagliacci (conceded to be
the greatest Nedda of all times),
Cavalleria Rusticana, La Tosca, and
La Boheme.
Muzio's life has been one of inces
sant devotion to the opera. As a mere
infant in England at the Covent Gar
dent Theatre, she used to play in the
opera house where her father was as
sistant stage manager. Later, in New
York, her father found that she pos
sessed a wonderful voice and, fearing
that she might spoil it by using it in
her youth, gave her a harp to learn
to play.
Studies Singing
At the age of sixteen slie returned
to her land, Italy, and began the de
sire of her life, the study of singing.
After a period of study under such
masters as Mine. Casoloni of Turin
and Mme. Viviano of Milan, she made
her debut in Milan, and then sang in
Covent Garden. In 1916, Muzio made
her American debut in La Tosca and
was acclaimed the greatest Tosca
since Ternina.
Applications for tickets to this and
the four subsequent concerts may be
made by mail to Gertrude Baker, man
ager, Box 1151, Stanford University,
or by pnone, Palo Alto 3184 or 900,
local 136.
Claudio Muzio, first of the artists
to appear on the Associated Students'
Concert Series, will sing in the Bas
ketball Pavilion Monday night, Octo
ber 17.
Muzio is a dramatic soprano of un
excelled ability. Her operatic experi
ence has been extensive and of the
most varied type. Her associations
have been with the opera houses of
Chicago (Chicago Civic Opera"~CoiiT
pany), Milan (La Scala), Monte Carlo,
Paris, Buenos Aires, San Francisco,
and Los Angeles. Among the great
dramatic soprano parts she has taken
are those of Aida, II Trovatore, La
Traviata, Pagliacci (conceded to be
the greatest Nedda of all times),
Cavalleria Rusticana, La Tosca, and
La Boheme.
Muzio's life has been one of inces
sant devotion to the opera. As a mere
infant in England at the Covent Gar
dent Theatre, she used to play in the
opera house where her father was as
sistant stage manager. Later, in New
York, her father found that she pos
sessed a wonderful voice and, fearing
that she might spoil it by using it in
her youth, gave her a harp to learn
to play.
Studies Singing
At the age of sixteen slie returned
to her land, Italy, and began the de
sire of her life, the study of singing.
After a period of study under such
masters as Mine. Casoloni of Turin
and Mme. Viviano of Milan, she made
her debut in Milan, and then sang in
Covent Garden. In 1916, Muzio made
her American debut in La Tosca and
was acclaimed the greatest Tosca
since Ternina.
Applications for tickets to this and
the four subsequent concerts may be
made by mail to Gertrude Baker, man
ager, Box 1151, Stanford University,
or by pnone, Palo Alto 3184 or 900,
local 136.
Claudio Muzio, first of the artists
to appear on the Associated Students'
Concert Series, will sing in the Bas
ketball Pavilion Monday night, Octo
ber 17.
Muzio is a dramatic soprano of un
excelled ability. Her operatic experi
ence has been extensive and of the
most varied type. Her associations
have been with the opera houses of
Chicago (Chicago Civic Opera"~CoiiT
pany), Milan (La Scala), Monte Carlo,
Paris, Buenos Aires, San Francisco,
and Los Angeles. Among the great
dramatic soprano parts she has taken
are those of Aida, II Trovatore, La
Traviata, Pagliacci (conceded to be
the greatest Nedda of all times),
Cavalleria Rusticana, La Tosca, and
La Boheme.
Muzio's life has been one of inces
sant devotion to the opera. As a mere
infant in England at the Covent Gar
dent Theatre, she used to play in the
opera house where her father was as
sistant stage manager. Later, in New
York, her father found that she pos
sessed a wonderful voice and, fearing
that she might spoil it by using it in
her youth, gave her a harp to learn
to play.
Studies Singing
At the age of sixteen slie returned
to her land, Italy, and began the de
sire of her life, the study of singing.
After a period of study under such
masters as Mine. Casoloni of Turin
and Mme. Viviano of Milan, she made
her debut in Milan, and then sang in
Covent Garden. In 1916, Muzio made
her American debut in La Tosca and
was acclaimed the greatest Tosca
since Ternina.
Applications for tickets to this and
the four subsequent concerts may be
made by mail to Gertrude Baker, man
ager, Box 1151, Stanford University,
or by pnone, Palo Alto 3184 or 900,
local 136.
Claudio Muzio, first of the artists
to appear on the Associated Students'
Concert Series, will sing in the Bas
ketball Pavilion Monday night, Octo
ber 17.
Muzio is a dramatic soprano of un
excelled ability. Her operatic experi
ence has been extensive and of the
most varied type. Her associations
have been with the opera houses of
Chicago (Chicago Civic Opera"~CoiiT
pany), Milan (La Scala), Monte Carlo,
Paris, Buenos Aires, San Francisco,
and Los Angeles. Among the great
dramatic soprano parts she has taken
are those of Aida, II Trovatore, La
Traviata, Pagliacci (conceded to be
the greatest Nedda of all times),
Cavalleria Rusticana, La Tosca, and
La Boheme.
Muzio's life has been one of inces
sant devotion to the opera. As a mere
infant in England at the Covent Gar
dent Theatre, she used to play in the
opera house where her father was as
sistant stage manager. Later, in New
York, her father found that she pos
sessed a wonderful voice and, fearing
that she might spoil it by using it in
her youth, gave her a harp to learn
to play.
Studies Singing
At the age of sixteen slie returned
to her land, Italy, and began the de
sire of her life, the study of singing.
After a period of study under such
masters as Mine. Casoloni of Turin
and Mme. Viviano of Milan, she made
her debut in Milan, and then sang in
Covent Garden. In 1916, Muzio made
her American debut in La Tosca and
was acclaimed the greatest Tosca
since Ternina.
Applications for tickets to this and
the four subsequent concerts may be
made by mail to Gertrude Baker, man
ager, Box 1151, Stanford University,
or by pnone, Palo Alto 3184 or 900,
local 136.
Claudio Muzio, first of the artists
to appear on the Associated Students'
Concert Series, will sing in the Bas
ketball Pavilion Monday night, Octo
ber 17.
Muzio is a dramatic soprano of un
excelled ability. Her operatic experi
ence has been extensive and of the
most varied type. Her associations
have been with the opera houses of
Chicago (Chicago Civic Opera"~CoiiT
pany), Milan (La Scala), Monte Carlo,
Paris, Buenos Aires, San Francisco,
and Los Angeles. Among the great
dramatic soprano parts she has taken
are those of Aida, II Trovatore, La
Traviata, Pagliacci (conceded to be
the greatest Nedda of all times),
Cavalleria Rusticana, La Tosca, and
La Boheme.
Muzio's life has been one of inces
sant devotion to the opera. As a mere
infant in England at the Covent Gar
dent Theatre, she used to play in the
opera house where her father was as
sistant stage manager. Later, in New
York, her father found that she pos
sessed a wonderful voice and, fearing
that she might spoil it by using it in
her youth, gave her a harp to learn
to play.
Studies Singing
At the age of sixteen slie returned
to her land, Italy, and began the de
sire of her life, the study of singing.
After a period of study under such
masters as Mine. Casoloni of Turin
and Mme. Viviano of Milan, she made
her debut in Milan, and then sang in
Covent Garden. In 1916, Muzio made
her American debut in La Tosca and
was acclaimed the greatest Tosca
since Ternina.
Applications for tickets to this and
the four subsequent concerts may be
made by mail to Gertrude Baker, man
ager, Box 1151, Stanford University,
or by pnone, Palo Alto 3184 or 900,
local 136.
Claudio Muzio, first of the artists
to appear on the Associated Students'
Concert Series, will sing in the Bas
ketball Pavilion Monday night, Octo
ber 17.
Muzio is a dramatic soprano of un
excelled ability. Her operatic experi
ence has been extensive and of the
most varied type. Her associations
have been with the opera houses of
Chicago (Chicago Civic Opera"~CoiiT
pany), Milan (La Scala), Monte Carlo,
Paris, Buenos Aires, San Francisco,
and Los Angeles. Among the great
dramatic soprano parts she has taken
are those of Aida, II Trovatore, La
Traviata, Pagliacci (conceded to be
the greatest Nedda of all times),
Cavalleria Rusticana, La Tosca, and
La Boheme.
Muzio's life has been one of inces
sant devotion to the opera. As a mere
infant in England at the Covent Gar
dent Theatre, she used to play in the
opera house where her father was as
sistant stage manager. Later, in New
York, her father found that she pos
sessed a wonderful voice and, fearing
that she might spoil it by using it in
her youth, gave her a harp to learn
to play.
Studies Singing
At the age of sixteen slie returned
to her land, Italy, and began the de
sire of her life, the study of singing.
After a period of study under such
masters as Mine. Casoloni of Turin
and Mme. Viviano of Milan, she made
her debut in Milan, and then sang in
Covent Garden. In 1916, Muzio made
her American debut in La Tosca and
was acclaimed the greatest Tosca
since Ternina.
Applications for tickets to this and
the four subsequent concerts may be
made by mail to Gertrude Baker, man
ager, Box 1151, Stanford University,
or by pnone, Palo Alto 3184 or 900,
local 136.
Claudio Muzio, first of the artists
to appear on the Associated Students'
Concert Series, will sing in the Bas
ketball Pavilion Monday night, Octo
ber 17.
Muzio is a dramatic soprano of un
excelled ability. Her operatic experi
ence has been extensive and of the
most varied type. Her associations
have been with the opera houses of
Chicago (Chicago Civic Opera"~CoiiT
pany), Milan (La Scala), Monte Carlo,
Paris, Buenos Aires, San Francisco,
and Los Angeles. Among the great
dramatic soprano parts she has taken
are those of Aida, II Trovatore, La
Traviata, Pagliacci (conceded to be
the greatest Nedda of all times),
Cavalleria Rusticana, La Tosca, and
La Boheme.
Muzio's life has been one of inces
sant devotion to the opera. As a mere
infant in England at the Covent Gar
dent Theatre, she used to play in the
opera house where her father was as
sistant stage manager. Later, in New
York, her father found that she pos
sessed a wonderful voice and, fearing
that she might spoil it by using it in
her youth, gave her a harp to learn
to play.
Studies Singing
At the age of sixteen slie returned
to her land, Italy, and began the de
sire of her life, the study of singing.
After a period of study under such
masters as Mine. Casoloni of Turin
and Mme. Viviano of Milan, she made
her debut in Milan, and then sang in
Covent Garden. In 1916, Muzio made
her American debut in La Tosca and
was acclaimed the greatest Tosca
since Ternina.
Applications for tickets to this and
the four subsequent concerts may be
made by mail to Gertrude Baker, man
ager, Box 1151, Stanford University,
or by pnone, Palo Alto 3184 or 900,
local 136.
Claudio Muzio, first of the artists
to appear on the Associated Students'
Concert Series, will sing in the Bas
ketball Pavilion Monday night, Octo
ber 17.
Muzio is a dramatic soprano of un
excelled ability. Her operatic experi
ence has been extensive and of the
most varied type. Her associations
have been with the opera houses of
Chicago (Chicago Civic Opera"~CoiiT
pany), Milan (La Scala), Monte Carlo,
Paris, Buenos Aires, San Francisco,
and Los Angeles. Among the great
dramatic soprano parts she has taken
are those of Aida, II Trovatore, La
Traviata, Pagliacci (conceded to be
the greatest Nedda of all times),
Cavalleria Rusticana, La Tosca, and
La Boheme.
Muzio's life has been one of inces
sant devotion to the opera. As a mere
infant in England at the Covent Gar
dent Theatre, she used to play in the
opera house where her father was as
sistant stage manager. Later, in New
York, her father found that she pos
sessed a wonderful voice and, fearing
that she might spoil it by using it in
her youth, gave her a harp to learn
to play.
Studies Singing
At the age of sixteen slie returned
to her land, Italy, and began the de
sire of her life, the study of singing.
After a period of study under such
masters as Mine. Casoloni of Turin
and Mme. Viviano of Milan, she made
her debut in Milan, and then sang in
Covent Garden. In 1916, Muzio made
her American debut in La Tosca and
was acclaimed the greatest Tosca
since Ternina.
Applications for tickets to this and
the four subsequent concerts may be
made by mail to Gertrude Baker, man
ager, Box 1151, Stanford University,
or by pnone, Palo Alto 3184 or 900,
local 136.
Claudio Muzio, first of the artists
to appear on the Associated Students'
Concert Series, will sing in the Bas
ketball Pavilion Monday night, Octo
ber 17.
Muzio is a dramatic soprano of un
excelled ability. Her operatic experi
ence has been extensive and of the
most varied type. Her associations
have been with the opera houses of
Chicago (Chicago Civic Opera"~CoiiT
pany), Milan (La Scala), Monte Carlo,
Paris, Buenos Aires, San Francisco,
and Los Angeles. Among the great
dramatic soprano parts she has taken
are those of Aida, II Trovatore, La
Traviata, Pagliacci (conceded to be
the greatest Nedda of all times),
Cavalleria Rusticana, La Tosca, and
La Boheme.
Muzio's life has been one of inces
sant devotion to the opera. As a mere
infant in England at the Covent Gar
dent Theatre, she used to play in the
opera house where her father was as
sistant stage manager. Later, in New
York, her father found that she pos
sessed a wonderful voice and, fearing
that she might spoil it by using it in
her youth, gave her a harp to learn
to play.
Studies Singing
At the age of sixteen slie returned
to her land, Italy, and began the de
sire of her life, the study of singing.
After a period of study under such
masters as Mine. Casoloni of Turin
and Mme. Viviano of Milan, she made
her debut in Milan, and then sang in
Covent Garden. In 1916, Muzio made
her American debut in La Tosca and
was acclaimed the greatest Tosca
since Ternina.
Applications for tickets to this and
the four subsequent concerts may be
made by mail to Gertrude Baker, man
ager, Box 1151, Stanford University,
or by pnone, Palo Alto 3184 or 900,
local 136.
Claudio Muzio, first of the artists
to appear on the Associated Students'
Concert Series, will sing in the Bas
ketball Pavilion Monday night, Octo
ber 17.
Muzio is a dramatic soprano of un
excelled ability. Her operatic experi
ence has been extensive and of the
most varied type. Her associations
have been with the opera houses of
Chicago (Chicago Civic Opera"~CoiiT
pany), Milan (La Scala), Monte Carlo,
Paris, Buenos Aires, San Francisco,
and Los Angeles. Among the great
dramatic soprano parts she has taken
are those of Aida, II Trovatore, La
Traviata, Pagliacci (conceded to be
the greatest Nedda of all times),
Cavalleria Rusticana, La Tosca, and
La Boheme.
Muzio's life has been one of inces
sant devotion to the opera. As a mere
infant in England at the Covent Gar
dent Theatre, she used to play in the
opera house where her father was as
sistant stage manager. Later, in New
York, her father found that she pos
sessed a wonderful voice and, fearing
that she might spoil it by using it in
her youth, gave her a harp to learn
to play.
Studies Singing
At the age of sixteen slie returned
to her land, Italy, and began the de
sire of her life, the study of singing.
After a period of study under such
masters as Mine. Casoloni of Turin
and Mme. Viviano of Milan, she made
her debut in Milan, and then sang in
Covent Garden. In 1916, Muzio made
her American debut in La Tosca and
was acclaimed the greatest Tosca
since Ternina.
Applications for tickets to this and
the four subsequent concerts may be
made by mail to Gertrude Baker, man
ager, Box 1151, Stanford University,
or by pnone, Palo Alto 3184 or 900,
local 136.
Claudio Muzio, first of the artists
to appear on the Associated Students'
Concert Series, will sing in the Bas
ketball Pavilion Monday night, Octo
ber 17.
Muzio is a dramatic soprano of un
excelled ability. Her operatic experi
ence has been extensive and of the
most varied type. Her associations
have been with the opera houses of
Chicago (Chicago Civic Opera"~CoiiT
pany), Milan (La Scala), Monte Carlo,
Paris, Buenos Aires, San Francisco,
and Los Angeles. Among the great
dramatic soprano parts she has taken
are those of Aida, II Trovatore, La
Traviata, Pagliacci (conceded to be
the greatest Nedda of all times),
Cavalleria Rusticana, La Tosca, and
La Boheme.
Muzio's life has been one of inces
sant devotion to the opera. As a mere
infant in England at the Covent Gar
dent Theatre, she used to play in the
opera house where her father was as
sistant stage manager. Later, in New
York, her father found that she pos
sessed a wonderful voice and, fearing
that she might spoil it by using it in
her youth, gave her a harp to learn
to play.
Studies Singing
At the age of sixteen slie returned
to her land, Italy, and began the de
sire of her life, the study of singing.
After a period of study under such
masters as Mine. Casoloni of Turin
and Mme. Viviano of Milan, she made
her debut in Milan, and then sang in
Covent Garden. In 1916, Muzio made
her American debut in La Tosca and
was acclaimed the greatest Tosca
since Ternina.
Applications for tickets to this and
the four subsequent concerts may be
made by mail to Gertrude Baker, man
ager, Box 1151, Stanford University,
or by pnone, Palo Alto 3184 or 900,
local 136.
Claudio Muzio, first of the artists
to appear on the Associated Students'
Concert Series, will sing in the Bas
ketball Pavilion Monday night, Octo
ber 17.
Muzio is a dramatic soprano of un
excelled ability. Her operatic experi
ence has been extensive and of the
most varied type. Her associations
have been with the opera houses of
Chicago (Chicago Civic Opera"~CoiiT
pany), Milan (La Scala), Monte Carlo,
Paris, Buenos Aires, San Francisco,
and Los Angeles. Among the great
dramatic soprano parts she has taken
are those of Aida, II Trovatore, La
Traviata, Pagliacci (conceded to be
the greatest Nedda of all times),
Cavalleria Rusticana, La Tosca, and
La Boheme.
Muzio's life has been one of inces
sant devotion to the opera. As a mere
infant in England at the Covent Gar
dent Theatre, she used to play in the
opera house where her father was as
sistant stage manager. Later, in New
York, her father found that she pos
sessed a wonderful voice and, fearing
that she might spoil it by using it in
her youth, gave her a harp to learn
to play.
Studies Singing
At the age of sixteen slie returned
to her land, Italy, and began the de
sire of her life, the study of singing.
After a period of study under such
masters as Mine. Casoloni of Turin
and Mme. Viviano of Milan, she made
her debut in Milan, and then sang in
Covent Garden. In 1916, Muzio made
her American debut in La Tosca and
was acclaimed the greatest Tosca
since Ternina.
Applications for tickets to this and
the four subsequent concerts may be
made by mail to Gertrude Baker, man
ager, Box 1151, Stanford University,
or by pnone, Palo Alto 3184 or 900,
local 136.
Claudio Muzio, first of the artists
to appear on the Associated Students'
Concert Series, will sing in the Bas
ketball Pavilion Monday night, Octo
ber 17.
Muzio is a dramatic soprano of un
excelled ability. Her operatic experi
ence has been extensive and of the
most varied type. Her associations
have been with the opera houses of
Chicago (Chicago Civic Opera"~CoiiT
pany), Milan (La Scala), Monte Carlo,
Paris, Buenos Aires, San Francisco,
and Los Angeles. Among the great
dramatic soprano parts she has taken
are those of Aida, II Trovatore, La
Traviata, Pagliacci (conceded to be
the greatest Nedda of all times),
Cavalleria Rusticana, La Tosca, and
La Boheme.
Muzio's life has been one of inces
sant devotion to the opera. As a mere
infant in England at the Covent Gar
dent Theatre, she used to play in the
opera house where her father was as
sistant stage manager. Later, in New
York, her father found that she pos
sessed a wonderful voice and, fearing
that she might spoil it by using it in
her youth, gave her a harp to learn
to play.
Studies Singing
At the age of sixteen slie returned
to her land, Italy, and began the de
sire of her life, the study of singing.
After a period of study under such
masters as Mine. Casoloni of Turin
and Mme. Viviano of Milan, she made
her debut in Milan, and then sang in
Covent Garden. In 1916, Muzio made
her American debut in La Tosca and
was acclaimed the greatest Tosca
since Ternina.
Applications for tickets to this and
the four subsequent concerts may be
made by mail to Gertrude Baker, man
ager, Box 1151, Stanford University,
or by pnone, Palo Alto 3184 or 900,
local 136.
Claudio Muzio, first of the artists
to appear on the Associated Students'
Concert Series, will sing in the Bas
ketball Pavilion Monday night, Octo
ber 17.
Muzio is a dramatic soprano of un
excelled ability. Her operatic experi
ence has been extensive and of the
most varied type. Her associations
have been with the opera houses of
Chicago (Chicago Civic Opera"~CoiiT
pany), Milan (La Scala), Monte Carlo,
Paris, Buenos Aires, San Francisco,
and Los Angeles. Among the great
dramatic soprano parts she has taken
are those of Aida, II Trovatore, La
Traviata, Pagliacci (conceded to be
the greatest Nedda of all times),
Cavalleria Rusticana, La Tosca, and
La Boheme.
Muzio's life has been one of inces
sant devotion to the opera. As a mere
infant in England at the Covent Gar
dent Theatre, she used to play in the
opera house where her father was as
sistant stage manager. Later, in New
York, her father found that she pos
sessed a wonderful voice and, fearing
that she might spoil it by using it in
her youth, gave her a harp to learn
to play.
Studies Singing
At the age of sixteen slie returned
to her land, Italy, and began the de
sire of her life, the study of singing.
After a period of study under such
masters as Mine. Casoloni of Turin
and Mme. Viviano of Milan, she made
her debut in Milan, and then sang in
Covent Garden. In 1916, Muzio made
her American debut in La Tosca and
was acclaimed the greatest Tosca
since Ternina.
Applications for tickets to this and
the four subsequent concerts may be
made by mail to Gertrude Baker, man
ager, Box 1151, Stanford University,
or by pnone, Palo Alto 3184 or 900,
local 136.
