# EUPHRONIA DEBATING TRYOUTS POSTPONED BECAUSE OF RALLY
## 
### 
Because the U.S.C. game rally is
scheduled for Wednesday, the meet
ing of Euphronia, men's debating so
ciety, has been postponed to Thurs
day evening at S o'clock in the Old
Union lobby. The purpose of the meet
ing is to acquaint students who are
interested in debating and public
speaking with the work of the club.
Freshmen are especially urged to at
tend, as tryouts for membership in
the society will be held at the next
meeting.
Professor James Gordon Emerson,
acting head of the Public Speaking
department and debate coach, will
discuss methods of debating and ad
vise freshmen about participation in
this activity. Following
Emerson's talk, Leon Carley and
Leonard Kirkpatrick, members of last
year's crime squad, will debate the
subject of the abolishment of the
lower division at Stanford and Cali
fornia. This is the topic of the com
ing debate between the two schools.
The program of the society for the
year includes debates with Mills and
California.
Because the U.S.C. game rally is
scheduled for Wednesday, the meet
ing of Euphronia, men's debating so
ciety, has been postponed to Thurs
day evening at S o'clock in the Old
Union lobby. The purpose of the meet
ing is to acquaint students who are
interested in debating and public
speaking with the work of the club.
Freshmen are especially urged to at
tend, as tryouts for membership in
the society will be held at the next
meeting.
Professor James Gordon Emerson,
acting head of the Public Speaking
department and debate coach, will
discuss methods of debating and ad
vise freshmen about participation in
this activity. Following
Emerson's talk, Leon Carley and
Leonard Kirkpatrick, members of last
year's crime squad, will debate the
subject of the abolishment of the
lower division at Stanford and Cali
fornia. This is the topic of the com
ing debate between the two schools.
The program of the society for the
year includes debates with Mills and
California.
Because the U.S.C. game rally is
scheduled for Wednesday, the meet
ing of Euphronia, men's debating so
ciety, has been postponed to Thurs
day evening at S o'clock in the Old
Union lobby. The purpose of the meet
ing is to acquaint students who are
interested in debating and public
speaking with the work of the club.
Freshmen are especially urged to at
tend, as tryouts for membership in
the society will be held at the next
meeting.
Professor James Gordon Emerson,
acting head of the Public Speaking
department and debate coach, will
discuss methods of debating and ad
vise freshmen about participation in
this activity. Following
Emerson's talk, Leon Carley and
Leonard Kirkpatrick, members of last
year's crime squad, will debate the
subject of the abolishment of the
lower division at Stanford and Cali
fornia. This is the topic of the com
ing debate between the two schools.
The program of the society for the
year includes debates with Mills and
California.
Because the U.S.C. game rally is
scheduled for Wednesday, the meet
ing of Euphronia, men's debating so
ciety, has been postponed to Thurs
day evening at S o'clock in the Old
Union lobby. The purpose of the meet
ing is to acquaint students who are
interested in debating and public
speaking with the work of the club.
Freshmen are especially urged to at
tend, as tryouts for membership in
the society will be held at the next
meeting.
Professor James Gordon Emerson,
acting head of the Public Speaking
department and debate coach, will
discuss methods of debating and ad
vise freshmen about participation in
this activity. Following
Emerson's talk, Leon Carley and
Leonard Kirkpatrick, members of last
year's crime squad, will debate the
subject of the abolishment of the
lower division at Stanford and Cali
fornia. This is the topic of the com
ing debate between the two schools.
The program of the society for the
year includes debates with Mills and
California.
Because the U.S.C. game rally is
scheduled for Wednesday, the meet
ing of Euphronia, men's debating so
ciety, has been postponed to Thurs
day evening at S o'clock in the Old
Union lobby. The purpose of the meet
ing is to acquaint students who are
interested in debating and public
speaking with the work of the club.
Freshmen are especially urged to at
tend, as tryouts for membership in
the society will be held at the next
meeting.
Professor James Gordon Emerson,
acting head of the Public Speaking
department and debate coach, will
discuss methods of debating and ad
vise freshmen about participation in
this activity. Following
Emerson's talk, Leon Carley and
Leonard Kirkpatrick, members of last
year's crime squad, will debate the
subject of the abolishment of the
lower division at Stanford and Cali
fornia. This is the topic of the com
ing debate between the two schools.
The program of the society for the
year includes debates with Mills and
California.
Because the U.S.C. game rally is
scheduled for Wednesday, the meet
ing of Euphronia, men's debating so
ciety, has been postponed to Thurs
day evening at S o'clock in the Old
Union lobby. The purpose of the meet
ing is to acquaint students who are
interested in debating and public
speaking with the work of the club.
Freshmen are especially urged to at
tend, as tryouts for membership in
the society will be held at the next
meeting.
Professor James Gordon Emerson,
acting head of the Public Speaking
department and debate coach, will
discuss methods of debating and ad
vise freshmen about participation in
this activity. Following
Emerson's talk, Leon Carley and
Leonard Kirkpatrick, members of last
year's crime squad, will debate the
subject of the abolishment of the
lower division at Stanford and Cali
fornia. This is the topic of the com
ing debate between the two schools.
The program of the society for the
year includes debates with Mills and
California.
Because the U.S.C. game rally is
scheduled for Wednesday, the meet
ing of Euphronia, men's debating so
ciety, has been postponed to Thurs
day evening at S o'clock in the Old
Union lobby. The purpose of the meet
ing is to acquaint students who are
interested in debating and public
speaking with the work of the club.
Freshmen are especially urged to at
tend, as tryouts for membership in
the society will be held at the next
meeting.
Professor James Gordon Emerson,
acting head of the Public Speaking
department and debate coach, will
discuss methods of debating and ad
vise freshmen about participation in
this activity. Following
Emerson's talk, Leon Carley and
Leonard Kirkpatrick, members of last
year's crime squad, will debate the
subject of the abolishment of the
lower division at Stanford and Cali
fornia. This is the topic of the com
ing debate between the two schools.
The program of the society for the
year includes debates with Mills and
California.
Because the U.S.C. game rally is
scheduled for Wednesday, the meet
ing of Euphronia, men's debating so
ciety, has been postponed to Thurs
day evening at S o'clock in the Old
Union lobby. The purpose of the meet
ing is to acquaint students who are
interested in debating and public
speaking with the work of the club.
Freshmen are especially urged to at
tend, as tryouts for membership in
the society will be held at the next
meeting.
Professor James Gordon Emerson,
acting head of the Public Speaking
department and debate coach, will
discuss methods of debating and ad
vise freshmen about participation in
this activity. Following
Emerson's talk, Leon Carley and
Leonard Kirkpatrick, members of last
year's crime squad, will debate the
subject of the abolishment of the
lower division at Stanford and Cali
fornia. This is the topic of the com
ing debate between the two schools.
The program of the society for the
year includes debates with Mills and
California.
Because the U.S.C. game rally is
scheduled for Wednesday, the meet
ing of Euphronia, men's debating so
ciety, has been postponed to Thurs
day evening at S o'clock in the Old
Union lobby. The purpose of the meet
ing is to acquaint students who are
interested in debating and public
speaking with the work of the club.
Freshmen are especially urged to at
tend, as tryouts for membership in
the society will be held at the next
meeting.
Professor James Gordon Emerson,
acting head of the Public Speaking
department and debate coach, will
discuss methods of debating and ad
vise freshmen about participation in
this activity. Following
Emerson's talk, Leon Carley and
Leonard Kirkpatrick, members of last
year's crime squad, will debate the
subject of the abolishment of the
lower division at Stanford and Cali
fornia. This is the topic of the com
ing debate between the two schools.
The program of the society for the
year includes debates with Mills and
California.
Because the U.S.C. game rally is
scheduled for Wednesday, the meet
ing of Euphronia, men's debating so
ciety, has been postponed to Thurs
day evening at S o'clock in the Old
Union lobby. The purpose of the meet
ing is to acquaint students who are
interested in debating and public
speaking with the work of the club.
Freshmen are especially urged to at
tend, as tryouts for membership in
the society will be held at the next
meeting.
Professor James Gordon Emerson,
acting head of the Public Speaking
department and debate coach, will
discuss methods of debating and ad
vise freshmen about participation in
this activity. Following
Emerson's talk, Leon Carley and
Leonard Kirkpatrick, members of last
year's crime squad, will debate the
subject of the abolishment of the
lower division at Stanford and Cali
fornia. This is the topic of the com
ing debate between the two schools.
The program of the society for the
year includes debates with Mills and
California.
Because the U.S.C. game rally is
scheduled for Wednesday, the meet
ing of Euphronia, men's debating so
ciety, has been postponed to Thurs
day evening at S o'clock in the Old
Union lobby. The purpose of the meet
ing is to acquaint students who are
interested in debating and public
speaking with the work of the club.
Freshmen are especially urged to at
tend, as tryouts for membership in
the society will be held at the next
meeting.
Professor James Gordon Emerson,
acting head of the Public Speaking
department and debate coach, will
discuss methods of debating and ad
vise freshmen about participation in
this activity. Following
Emerson's talk, Leon Carley and
Leonard Kirkpatrick, members of last
year's crime squad, will debate the
subject of the abolishment of the
lower division at Stanford and Cali
fornia. This is the topic of the com
ing debate between the two schools.
The program of the society for the
year includes debates with Mills and
California.
Because the U.S.C. game rally is
scheduled for Wednesday, the meet
ing of Euphronia, men's debating so
ciety, has been postponed to Thurs
day evening at S o'clock in the Old
Union lobby. The purpose of the meet
ing is to acquaint students who are
interested in debating and public
speaking with the work of the club.
Freshmen are especially urged to at
tend, as tryouts for membership in
the society will be held at the next
meeting.
Professor James Gordon Emerson,
acting head of the Public Speaking
department and debate coach, will
discuss methods of debating and ad
vise freshmen about participation in
this activity. Following
Emerson's talk, Leon Carley and
Leonard Kirkpatrick, members of last
year's crime squad, will debate the
subject of the abolishment of the
lower division at Stanford and Cali
fornia. This is the topic of the com
ing debate between the two schools.
The program of the society for the
year includes debates with Mills and
California.
Because the U.S.C. game rally is
scheduled for Wednesday, the meet
ing of Euphronia, men's debating so
ciety, has been postponed to Thurs
day evening at S o'clock in the Old
Union lobby. The purpose of the meet
ing is to acquaint students who are
interested in debating and public
speaking with the work of the club.
Freshmen are especially urged to at
tend, as tryouts for membership in
the society will be held at the next
meeting.
Professor James Gordon Emerson,
acting head of the Public Speaking
department and debate coach, will
discuss methods of debating and ad
vise freshmen about participation in
this activity. Following
Emerson's talk, Leon Carley and
Leonard Kirkpatrick, members of last
year's crime squad, will debate the
subject of the abolishment of the
lower division at Stanford and Cali
fornia. This is the topic of the com
ing debate between the two schools.
The program of the society for the
year includes debates with Mills and
California.
Because the U.S.C. game rally is
scheduled for Wednesday, the meet
ing of Euphronia, men's debating so
ciety, has been postponed to Thurs
day evening at S o'clock in the Old
Union lobby. The purpose of the meet
ing is to acquaint students who are
interested in debating and public
speaking with the work of the club.
Freshmen are especially urged to at
tend, as tryouts for membership in
the society will be held at the next
meeting.
Professor James Gordon Emerson,
acting head of the Public Speaking
department and debate coach, will
discuss methods of debating and ad
vise freshmen about participation in
this activity. Following
Emerson's talk, Leon Carley and
Leonard Kirkpatrick, members of last
year's crime squad, will debate the
subject of the abolishment of the
lower division at Stanford and Cali
fornia. This is the topic of the com
ing debate between the two schools.
The program of the society for the
year includes debates with Mills and
California.
Because the U.S.C. game rally is
scheduled for Wednesday, the meet
ing of Euphronia, men's debating so
ciety, has been postponed to Thurs
day evening at S o'clock in the Old
Union lobby. The purpose of the meet
ing is to acquaint students who are
interested in debating and public
speaking with the work of the club.
Freshmen are especially urged to at
tend, as tryouts for membership in
the society will be held at the next
meeting.
Professor James Gordon Emerson,
acting head of the Public Speaking
department and debate coach, will
discuss methods of debating and ad
vise freshmen about participation in
this activity. Following
Emerson's talk, Leon Carley and
Leonard Kirkpatrick, members of last
year's crime squad, will debate the
subject of the abolishment of the
lower division at Stanford and Cali
fornia. This is the topic of the com
ing debate between the two schools.
The program of the society for the
year includes debates with Mills and
California.
