# Marjorie Bailey Sails to Europe Aboard Freighter
## 
### 
Dr. Margery Bailey, of the English
Department, accompanied by the
mother of Preston Owen, also of the
English Department, is on her way
to Europe aboard a freighter. Miss
Bailey is on a leave of absence of
one year.
Dr. Margery Bailey, of the English
Department, accompanied by the
mother of Preston Owen, also of the
English Department, is on her way
to Europe aboard a freighter. Miss
Bailey is on a leave of absence of
one year.
Dr. Margery Bailey, of the English
Department, accompanied by the
mother of Preston Owen, also of the
English Department, is on her way
to Europe aboard a freighter. Miss
Bailey is on a leave of absence of
one year.
Dr. Margery Bailey, of the English
Department, accompanied by the
mother of Preston Owen, also of the
English Department, is on her way
to Europe aboard a freighter. Miss
Bailey is on a leave of absence of
one year.
Dr. Margery Bailey, of the English
Department, accompanied by the
mother of Preston Owen, also of the
English Department, is on her way
to Europe aboard a freighter. Miss
Bailey is on a leave of absence of
one year.
Dr. Margery Bailey, of the English
Department, accompanied by the
mother of Preston Owen, also of the
English Department, is on her way
to Europe aboard a freighter. Miss
Bailey is on a leave of absence of
one year.
Dr. Margery Bailey, of the English
Department, accompanied by the
mother of Preston Owen, also of the
English Department, is on her way
to Europe aboard a freighter. Miss
Bailey is on a leave of absence of
one year.
Dr. Margery Bailey, of the English
Department, accompanied by the
mother of Preston Owen, also of the
English Department, is on her way
to Europe aboard a freighter. Miss
Bailey is on a leave of absence of
one year.
Dr. Margery Bailey, of the English
Department, accompanied by the
mother of Preston Owen, also of the
English Department, is on her way
to Europe aboard a freighter. Miss
Bailey is on a leave of absence of
one year.
Dr. Margery Bailey, of the English
Department, accompanied by the
mother of Preston Owen, also of the
English Department, is on her way
to Europe aboard a freighter. Miss
Bailey is on a leave of absence of
one year.
Dr. Margery Bailey, of the English
Department, accompanied by the
mother of Preston Owen, also of the
English Department, is on her way
to Europe aboard a freighter. Miss
Bailey is on a leave of absence of
one year.
Dr. Margery Bailey, of the English
Department, accompanied by the
mother of Preston Owen, also of the
English Department, is on her way
to Europe aboard a freighter. Miss
Bailey is on a leave of absence of
one year.
Dr. Margery Bailey, of the English
Department, accompanied by the
mother of Preston Owen, also of the
English Department, is on her way
to Europe aboard a freighter. Miss
Bailey is on a leave of absence of
one year.
Dr. Margery Bailey, of the English
Department, accompanied by the
mother of Preston Owen, also of the
English Department, is on her way
to Europe aboard a freighter. Miss
Bailey is on a leave of absence of
one year.
Dr. Margery Bailey, of the English
Department, accompanied by the
mother of Preston Owen, also of the
English Department, is on her way
to Europe aboard a freighter. Miss
Bailey is on a leave of absence of
one year.
