# Drama Troupe
## 
### 

Players k<> through their roles for the
upcoming German stage production
"Nathan der Weeise," coming to Stan
ford soon.

Players k<> through their roles for the
upcoming German stage production
"Nathan der Weeise," coming to Stan
ford soon.

Players k<> through their roles for the
upcoming German stage production
"Nathan der Weeise," coming to Stan
ford soon.

Players k<> through their roles for the
upcoming German stage production
"Nathan der Weeise," coming to Stan
ford soon.

Players k<> through their roles for the
upcoming German stage production
"Nathan der Weeise," coming to Stan
ford soon.

Players k<> through their roles for the
upcoming German stage production
"Nathan der Weeise," coming to Stan
ford soon.

Players k<> through their roles for the
upcoming German stage production
"Nathan der Weeise," coming to Stan
ford soon.

Players k<> through their roles for the
upcoming German stage production
"Nathan der Weeise," coming to Stan
ford soon.

Players k<> through their roles for the
upcoming German stage production
"Nathan der Weeise," coming to Stan
ford soon.

Players k<> through their roles for the
upcoming German stage production
"Nathan der Weeise," coming to Stan
ford soon.

Players k<> through their roles for the
upcoming German stage production
"Nathan der Weeise," coming to Stan
ford soon.

Players k<> through their roles for the
upcoming German stage production
"Nathan der Weeise," coming to Stan
ford soon.

Players k<> through their roles for the
upcoming German stage production
"Nathan der Weeise," coming to Stan
ford soon.

Players k<> through their roles for the
upcoming German stage production
"Nathan der Weeise," coming to Stan
ford soon.

Players k<> through their roles for the
upcoming German stage production
"Nathan der Weeise," coming to Stan
ford soon.

Players k<> through their roles for the
upcoming German stage production
"Nathan der Weeise," coming to Stan
ford soon.
