# Linksters in Nor Cai
## 
### 
Kent Winton and Bill Welch,
members of Stanford's varsity
golf team, will play in the third
round of the Nor Cal golf tourney
this Saturday on the Farm links.
Kent Winton and Bill Welch,
members of Stanford's varsity
golf team, will play in the third
round of the Nor Cal golf tourney
this Saturday on the Farm links.
Kent Winton and Bill Welch,
members of Stanford's varsity
golf team, will play in the third
round of the Nor Cal golf tourney
this Saturday on the Farm links.
Kent Winton and Bill Welch,
members of Stanford's varsity
golf team, will play in the third
round of the Nor Cal golf tourney
this Saturday on the Farm links.
Kent Winton and Bill Welch,
members of Stanford's varsity
golf team, will play in the third
round of the Nor Cal golf tourney
this Saturday on the Farm links.
Kent Winton and Bill Welch,
members of Stanford's varsity
golf team, will play in the third
round of the Nor Cal golf tourney
this Saturday on the Farm links.
Kent Winton and Bill Welch,
members of Stanford's varsity
golf team, will play in the third
round of the Nor Cal golf tourney
this Saturday on the Farm links.
Kent Winton and Bill Welch,
members of Stanford's varsity
golf team, will play in the third
round of the Nor Cal golf tourney
this Saturday on the Farm links.
Kent Winton and Bill Welch,
members of Stanford's varsity
golf team, will play in the third
round of the Nor Cal golf tourney
this Saturday on the Farm links.
Kent Winton and Bill Welch,
members of Stanford's varsity
golf team, will play in the third
round of the Nor Cal golf tourney
this Saturday on the Farm links.
Kent Winton and Bill Welch,
members of Stanford's varsity
golf team, will play in the third
round of the Nor Cal golf tourney
this Saturday on the Farm links.
Kent Winton and Bill Welch,
members of Stanford's varsity
golf team, will play in the third
round of the Nor Cal golf tourney
this Saturday on the Farm links.
Kent Winton and Bill Welch,
members of Stanford's varsity
golf team, will play in the third
round of the Nor Cal golf tourney
this Saturday on the Farm links.
Kent Winton and Bill Welch,
members of Stanford's varsity
golf team, will play in the third
round of the Nor Cal golf tourney
this Saturday on the Farm links.
Kent Winton and Bill Welch,
members of Stanford's varsity
golf team, will play in the third
round of the Nor Cal golf tourney
this Saturday on the Farm links.
Kent Winton and Bill Welch,
members of Stanford's varsity
golf team, will play in the third
round of the Nor Cal golf tourney
this Saturday on the Farm links.
