# Halloween Party.
## 
### 
The Art Club will hold a Halloween
party at the Delta Delta Delta house
Wednesday evening. All students
taking work in the department are
invited.
The Art Club will hold a Halloween
party at the Delta Delta Delta house
Wednesday evening. All students
taking work in the department are
invited.
The Art Club will hold a Halloween
party at the Delta Delta Delta house
Wednesday evening. All students
taking work in the department are
invited.
The Art Club will hold a Halloween
party at the Delta Delta Delta house
Wednesday evening. All students
taking work in the department are
invited.
The Art Club will hold a Halloween
party at the Delta Delta Delta house
Wednesday evening. All students
taking work in the department are
invited.
The Art Club will hold a Halloween
party at the Delta Delta Delta house
Wednesday evening. All students
taking work in the department are
invited.
The Art Club will hold a Halloween
party at the Delta Delta Delta house
Wednesday evening. All students
taking work in the department are
invited.
The Art Club will hold a Halloween
party at the Delta Delta Delta house
Wednesday evening. All students
taking work in the department are
invited.
The Art Club will hold a Halloween
party at the Delta Delta Delta house
Wednesday evening. All students
taking work in the department are
invited.
The Art Club will hold a Halloween
party at the Delta Delta Delta house
Wednesday evening. All students
taking work in the department are
invited.
The Art Club will hold a Halloween
party at the Delta Delta Delta house
Wednesday evening. All students
taking work in the department are
invited.
The Art Club will hold a Halloween
party at the Delta Delta Delta house
Wednesday evening. All students
taking work in the department are
invited.
The Art Club will hold a Halloween
party at the Delta Delta Delta house
Wednesday evening. All students
taking work in the department are
invited.
