# CIVIC LEAGUE EXPRESSES PREFERENCE FOR WILSON.
## 
### 
Woodrow Wilson received the plu
rality of votes in the straw ballot
taken last evening by the Women's
Civic League. Roosevelt ran a close
second, receiving but one ballot less.
The Democrats received seventeen
votes, the Progressives sixteen, while
only one vote was cast for the
Socialist ticket.
As for the eight amendments, it was
found that the one providing for the
appointment of a State racing commis
sion was the only one winch called
forth any opposition. Out of the
remaining seven, four were approved,
two were given an even number of
votes, and the one providing for free
and universal text books, was voted
down.
The preference was shown for E. A.
Hayes, Republican, for representative
for Congress, and for I). R. Ilayes,
also a Republican, for the State As
sembly.
