# Pigskin Echoes.
## 
### 
With California Field as the objec
tive point, the training table squad
of ruggers left this afternoon for a
short trip off the campus. The Var
sity candidates attended the Califor
nia* Australian game in a body, and
with the Stanford supporters who ac
companied them, were a conspicuous
group on the California bleachers.

The new dirt field was initiated last
night, when the rugby squad went
through their daily practice on the
leveled and rolled, but unturfed, sur
face. The ground is faster than that
at California, as the surface of the
Mlue and Gold field is soft and easily
cut up.

A1 Frank is still on crutches with
an injured knee. The speedy break
away watched last night's practice
from an automobile on the side lines.
This was his first visit to the rugby
field since the Santa Clara game.

Art Erb has joined the small but
exclusive group on the injured list, a
wrenched leg being his qualification
for admittance.
With California Field as the objec
tive point, the training table squad
of ruggers left this afternoon for a
short trip off the campus. The Var
sity candidates attended the Califor
nia* Australian game in a body, and
with the Stanford supporters who ac
companied them, were a conspicuous
group on the California bleachers.

The new dirt field was initiated last
night, when the rugby squad went
through their daily practice on the
leveled and rolled, but unturfed, sur
face. The ground is faster than that
at California, as the surface of the
Mlue and Gold field is soft and easily
cut up.

A1 Frank is still on crutches with
an injured knee. The speedy break
away watched last night's practice
from an automobile on the side lines.
This was his first visit to the rugby
field since the Santa Clara game.

Art Erb has joined the small but
exclusive group on the injured list, a
wrenched leg being his qualification
for admittance.
With California Field as the objec
tive point, the training table squad
of ruggers left this afternoon for a
short trip off the campus. The Var
sity candidates attended the Califor
nia* Australian game in a body, and
with the Stanford supporters who ac
companied them, were a conspicuous
group on the California bleachers.

The new dirt field was initiated last
night, when the rugby squad went
through their daily practice on the
leveled and rolled, but unturfed, sur
face. The ground is faster than that
at California, as the surface of the
Mlue and Gold field is soft and easily
cut up.

A1 Frank is still on crutches with
an injured knee. The speedy break
away watched last night's practice
from an automobile on the side lines.
This was his first visit to the rugby
field since the Santa Clara game.

Art Erb has joined the small but
exclusive group on the injured list, a
wrenched leg being his qualification
for admittance.
With California Field as the objec
tive point, the training table squad
of ruggers left this afternoon for a
short trip off the campus. The Var
sity candidates attended the Califor
nia* Australian game in a body, and
with the Stanford supporters who ac
companied them, were a conspicuous
group on the California bleachers.

The new dirt field was initiated last
night, when the rugby squad went
through their daily practice on the
leveled and rolled, but unturfed, sur
face. The ground is faster than that
at California, as the surface of the
Mlue and Gold field is soft and easily
cut up.

A1 Frank is still on crutches with
an injured knee. The speedy break
away watched last night's practice
from an automobile on the side lines.
This was his first visit to the rugby
field since the Santa Clara game.

Art Erb has joined the small but
exclusive group on the injured list, a
wrenched leg being his qualification
for admittance.
With California Field as the objec
tive point, the training table squad
of ruggers left this afternoon for a
short trip off the campus. The Var
sity candidates attended the Califor
nia* Australian game in a body, and
with the Stanford supporters who ac
companied them, were a conspicuous
group on the California bleachers.

The new dirt field was initiated last
night, when the rugby squad went
through their daily practice on the
leveled and rolled, but unturfed, sur
face. The ground is faster than that
at California, as the surface of the
Mlue and Gold field is soft and easily
cut up.

A1 Frank is still on crutches with
an injured knee. The speedy break
away watched last night's practice
from an automobile on the side lines.
This was his first visit to the rugby
field since the Santa Clara game.

Art Erb has joined the small but
exclusive group on the injured list, a
wrenched leg being his qualification
for admittance.
With California Field as the objec
tive point, the training table squad
of ruggers left this afternoon for a
short trip off the campus. The Var
sity candidates attended the Califor
nia* Australian game in a body, and
with the Stanford supporters who ac
companied them, were a conspicuous
group on the California bleachers.

The new dirt field was initiated last
night, when the rugby squad went
through their daily practice on the
leveled and rolled, but unturfed, sur
face. The ground is faster than that
at California, as the surface of the
Mlue and Gold field is soft and easily
cut up.

A1 Frank is still on crutches with
an injured knee. The speedy break
away watched last night's practice
from an automobile on the side lines.
This was his first visit to the rugby
field since the Santa Clara game.

Art Erb has joined the small but
exclusive group on the injured list, a
wrenched leg being his qualification
for admittance.
With California Field as the objec
tive point, the training table squad
of ruggers left this afternoon for a
short trip off the campus. The Var
sity candidates attended the Califor
nia* Australian game in a body, and
with the Stanford supporters who ac
companied them, were a conspicuous
group on the California bleachers.

The new dirt field was initiated last
night, when the rugby squad went
through their daily practice on the
leveled and rolled, but unturfed, sur
face. The ground is faster than that
at California, as the surface of the
Mlue and Gold field is soft and easily
cut up.

A1 Frank is still on crutches with
an injured knee. The speedy break
away watched last night's practice
from an automobile on the side lines.
This was his first visit to the rugby
field since the Santa Clara game.

Art Erb has joined the small but
exclusive group on the injured list, a
wrenched leg being his qualification
for admittance.
With California Field as the objec
tive point, the training table squad
of ruggers left this afternoon for a
short trip off the campus. The Var
sity candidates attended the Califor
nia* Australian game in a body, and
with the Stanford supporters who ac
companied them, were a conspicuous
group on the California bleachers.

The new dirt field was initiated last
night, when the rugby squad went
through their daily practice on the
leveled and rolled, but unturfed, sur
face. The ground is faster than that
at California, as the surface of the
Mlue and Gold field is soft and easily
cut up.

A1 Frank is still on crutches with
an injured knee. The speedy break
away watched last night's practice
from an automobile on the side lines.
This was his first visit to the rugby
field since the Santa Clara game.

Art Erb has joined the small but
exclusive group on the injured list, a
wrenched leg being his qualification
for admittance.
With California Field as the objec
tive point, the training table squad
of ruggers left this afternoon for a
short trip off the campus. The Var
sity candidates attended the Califor
nia* Australian game in a body, and
with the Stanford supporters who ac
companied them, were a conspicuous
group on the California bleachers.

The new dirt field was initiated last
night, when the rugby squad went
through their daily practice on the
leveled and rolled, but unturfed, sur
face. The ground is faster than that
at California, as the surface of the
Mlue and Gold field is soft and easily
cut up.

A1 Frank is still on crutches with
an injured knee. The speedy break
away watched last night's practice
from an automobile on the side lines.
This was his first visit to the rugby
field since the Santa Clara game.

Art Erb has joined the small but
exclusive group on the injured list, a
wrenched leg being his qualification
for admittance.
With California Field as the objec
tive point, the training table squad
of ruggers left this afternoon for a
short trip off the campus. The Var
sity candidates attended the Califor
nia* Australian game in a body, and
with the Stanford supporters who ac
companied them, were a conspicuous
group on the California bleachers.

The new dirt field was initiated last
night, when the rugby squad went
through their daily practice on the
leveled and rolled, but unturfed, sur
face. The ground is faster than that
at California, as the surface of the
Mlue and Gold field is soft and easily
cut up.

A1 Frank is still on crutches with
an injured knee. The speedy break
away watched last night's practice
from an automobile on the side lines.
This was his first visit to the rugby
field since the Santa Clara game.

Art Erb has joined the small but
exclusive group on the injured list, a
wrenched leg being his qualification
for admittance.
With California Field as the objec
tive point, the training table squad
of ruggers left this afternoon for a
short trip off the campus. The Var
sity candidates attended the Califor
nia* Australian game in a body, and
with the Stanford supporters who ac
companied them, were a conspicuous
group on the California bleachers.

The new dirt field was initiated last
night, when the rugby squad went
through their daily practice on the
leveled and rolled, but unturfed, sur
face. The ground is faster than that
at California, as the surface of the
Mlue and Gold field is soft and easily
cut up.

A1 Frank is still on crutches with
an injured knee. The speedy break
away watched last night's practice
from an automobile on the side lines.
This was his first visit to the rugby
field since the Santa Clara game.

Art Erb has joined the small but
exclusive group on the injured list, a
wrenched leg being his qualification
for admittance.
With California Field as the objec
tive point, the training table squad
of ruggers left this afternoon for a
short trip off the campus. The Var
sity candidates attended the Califor
nia* Australian game in a body, and
with the Stanford supporters who ac
companied them, were a conspicuous
group on the California bleachers.

The new dirt field was initiated last
night, when the rugby squad went
through their daily practice on the
leveled and rolled, but unturfed, sur
face. The ground is faster than that
at California, as the surface of the
Mlue and Gold field is soft and easily
cut up.

A1 Frank is still on crutches with
an injured knee. The speedy break
away watched last night's practice
from an automobile on the side lines.
This was his first visit to the rugby
field since the Santa Clara game.

Art Erb has joined the small but
exclusive group on the injured list, a
wrenched leg being his qualification
for admittance.
With California Field as the objec
tive point, the training table squad
of ruggers left this afternoon for a
short trip off the campus. The Var
sity candidates attended the Califor
nia* Australian game in a body, and
with the Stanford supporters who ac
companied them, were a conspicuous
group on the California bleachers.

The new dirt field was initiated last
night, when the rugby squad went
through their daily practice on the
leveled and rolled, but unturfed, sur
face. The ground is faster than that
at California, as the surface of the
Mlue and Gold field is soft and easily
cut up.

A1 Frank is still on crutches with
an injured knee. The speedy break
away watched last night's practice
from an automobile on the side lines.
This was his first visit to the rugby
field since the Santa Clara game.

Art Erb has joined the small but
exclusive group on the injured list, a
wrenched leg being his qualification
for admittance.
