# Quad.
## 
### 
W. R. Beattie, ex-'l4. was married
recently in San Francisco to Miss
Jewel Winters.
W. R. Beattie, ex-'l4. was married
recently in San Francisco to Miss
Jewel Winters.
W. R. Beattie, ex-'l4. was married
recently in San Francisco to Miss
Jewel Winters.
W. R. Beattie, ex-'l4. was married
recently in San Francisco to Miss
Jewel Winters.
W. R. Beattie, ex-'l4. was married
recently in San Francisco to Miss
Jewel Winters.
W. R. Beattie, ex-'l4. was married
recently in San Francisco to Miss
Jewel Winters.
W. R. Beattie, ex-'l4. was married
recently in San Francisco to Miss
Jewel Winters.
W. R. Beattie, ex-'l4. was married
recently in San Francisco to Miss
Jewel Winters.
W. R. Beattie, ex-'l4. was married
recently in San Francisco to Miss
Jewel Winters.
W. R. Beattie, ex-'l4. was married
recently in San Francisco to Miss
Jewel Winters.
W. R. Beattie, ex-'l4. was married
recently in San Francisco to Miss
Jewel Winters.
W. R. Beattie, ex-'l4. was married
recently in San Francisco to Miss
Jewel Winters.
W. R. Beattie, ex-'l4. was married
recently in San Francisco to Miss
Jewel Winters.
