# College Note.
## 
### 
Colorado Freshmen have to give a
military salute whenever they meet a
professor or instructor on the street.
Colorado Freshmen have to give a
military salute whenever they meet a
professor or instructor on the street.
Colorado Freshmen have to give a
military salute whenever they meet a
professor or instructor on the street.
Colorado Freshmen have to give a
military salute whenever they meet a
professor or instructor on the street.
Colorado Freshmen have to give a
military salute whenever they meet a
professor or instructor on the street.
Colorado Freshmen have to give a
military salute whenever they meet a
professor or instructor on the street.
Colorado Freshmen have to give a
military salute whenever they meet a
professor or instructor on the street.
Colorado Freshmen have to give a
military salute whenever they meet a
professor or instructor on the street.
Colorado Freshmen have to give a
military salute whenever they meet a
professor or instructor on the street.
Colorado Freshmen have to give a
military salute whenever they meet a
professor or instructor on the street.
Colorado Freshmen have to give a
military salute whenever they meet a
professor or instructor on the street.
Colorado Freshmen have to give a
military salute whenever they meet a
professor or instructor on the street.
Colorado Freshmen have to give a
military salute whenever they meet a
professor or instructor on the street.
