# Adv. 6 Page 6
## 
### 
couples
come to
(!url\ It'
Jt'wrlrrs
tor the"
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine qualify Diamonds
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Girlnlr
J JEWELERS
5 33 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
couples
come to
(!url\ It'
Jt'wrlrrs
tor the"
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine qualify Diamonds
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Girlnlr
J JEWELERS
5 33 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
couples
come to
(!url\ It'
Jt'wrlrrs
tor the"
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine qualify Diamonds
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Girlnlr
J JEWELERS
5 33 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
couples
come to
(!url\ It'
Jt'wrlrrs
tor the"
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine qualify Diamonds
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Girlnlr
J JEWELERS
5 33 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
couples
come to
(!url\ It'
Jt'wrlrrs
tor the"
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine qualify Diamonds
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Girlnlr
J JEWELERS
5 33 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
couples
come to
(!url\ It'
Jt'wrlrrs
tor the"
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine qualify Diamonds
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Girlnlr
J JEWELERS
5 33 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
couples
come to
(!url\ It'
Jt'wrlrrs
tor the"
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine qualify Diamonds
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Girlnlr
J JEWELERS
5 33 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
couples
come to
(!url\ It'
Jt'wrlrrs
tor the"
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine qualify Diamonds
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Girlnlr
J JEWELERS
5 33 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
couples
come to
(!url\ It'
Jt'wrlrrs
tor the"
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine qualify Diamonds
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Girlnlr
J JEWELERS
5 33 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
couples
come to
(!url\ It'
Jt'wrlrrs
tor the"
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine qualify Diamonds
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Girlnlr
J JEWELERS
5 33 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
couples
come to
(!url\ It'
Jt'wrlrrs
tor the"
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine qualify Diamonds
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Girlnlr
J JEWELERS
5 33 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
couples
come to
(!url\ It'
Jt'wrlrrs
tor the"
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine qualify Diamonds
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Girlnlr
J JEWELERS
5 33 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
couples
come to
(!url\ It'
Jt'wrlrrs
tor the"
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine qualify Diamonds
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Girlnlr
J JEWELERS
5 33 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
couples
come to
(!url\ It'
Jt'wrlrrs
tor the"
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine qualify Diamonds
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Girlnlr
J JEWELERS
5 33 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
