# FBI agent hits Bell on warrants
## 
### 
New York (AP) — Assistant FBI di
rector J. Wallace LaPrade said yester
day that "warrantless investigations"
such as those that resulted in the in
dictment of former acting FBI direc
tor L. Patrick Gray are still being con
ducted by the FBI, with presidential
authority.
"At the present time, there are
warrantless investigations that the at
torney general, with the president's
executive authority, is having the FBI
conduct," he said at a news confer
ence. LaPrade, facing disciplinary ac
tion himself because of such investi
gations, did not say whether Presi
dent Jimmy Carter had specific
knowledge of them.
The FBI official also challenged At
torney General Griffin Bell to a na
tionally televised debate on ter
rorism, civil rights and "warrantless
investigations, which he (Bell) has
approved."
In Washington, a Justice Depart
ment spokesman said at a hastily
called news conference that the is
sues raised by LaPrade involved na
tional security.
Referring to pressure from Bell
concerning his alleged part in inves
tigations conducted without war
rants, LaPrade said, "Is it proper to
ask. Will another political power in
Washington desire to prosecute to
day's actions five years from now?"
LaPrade called on all FBI agents
now involved in such "warrantless
investigations" to stop work until
they have written orders from Carter.
New York (AP) — Assistant FBI di
rector J. Wallace LaPrade said yester
day that "warrantless investigations"
such as those that resulted in the in
dictment of former acting FBI direc
tor L. Patrick Gray are still being con
ducted by the FBI, with presidential
authority.
"At the present time, there are
warrantless investigations that the at
torney general, with the president's
executive authority, is having the FBI
conduct," he said at a news confer
ence. LaPrade, facing disciplinary ac
tion himself because of such investi
gations, did not say whether Presi
dent Jimmy Carter had specific
knowledge of them.
The FBI official also challenged At
torney General Griffin Bell to a na
tionally televised debate on ter
rorism, civil rights and "warrantless
investigations, which he (Bell) has
approved."
In Washington, a Justice Depart
ment spokesman said at a hastily
called news conference that the is
sues raised by LaPrade involved na
tional security.
Referring to pressure from Bell
concerning his alleged part in inves
tigations conducted without war
rants, LaPrade said, "Is it proper to
ask. Will another political power in
Washington desire to prosecute to
day's actions five years from now?"
LaPrade called on all FBI agents
now involved in such "warrantless
investigations" to stop work until
they have written orders from Carter.
New York (AP) — Assistant FBI di
rector J. Wallace LaPrade said yester
day that "warrantless investigations"
such as those that resulted in the in
dictment of former acting FBI direc
tor L. Patrick Gray are still being con
ducted by the FBI, with presidential
authority.
"At the present time, there are
warrantless investigations that the at
torney general, with the president's
executive authority, is having the FBI
conduct," he said at a news confer
ence. LaPrade, facing disciplinary ac
tion himself because of such investi
gations, did not say whether Presi
dent Jimmy Carter had specific
knowledge of them.
The FBI official also challenged At
torney General Griffin Bell to a na
tionally televised debate on ter
rorism, civil rights and "warrantless
investigations, which he (Bell) has
approved."
In Washington, a Justice Depart
ment spokesman said at a hastily
called news conference that the is
sues raised by LaPrade involved na
tional security.
Referring to pressure from Bell
concerning his alleged part in inves
tigations conducted without war
rants, LaPrade said, "Is it proper to
ask. Will another political power in
Washington desire to prosecute to
day's actions five years from now?"
LaPrade called on all FBI agents
now involved in such "warrantless
investigations" to stop work until
they have written orders from Carter.
New York (AP) — Assistant FBI di
rector J. Wallace LaPrade said yester
day that "warrantless investigations"
such as those that resulted in the in
dictment of former acting FBI direc
tor L. Patrick Gray are still being con
ducted by the FBI, with presidential
authority.
"At the present time, there are
warrantless investigations that the at
torney general, with the president's
executive authority, is having the FBI
conduct," he said at a news confer
ence. LaPrade, facing disciplinary ac
tion himself because of such investi
gations, did not say whether Presi
dent Jimmy Carter had specific
knowledge of them.
The FBI official also challenged At
torney General Griffin Bell to a na
tionally televised debate on ter
rorism, civil rights and "warrantless
investigations, which he (Bell) has
approved."
In Washington, a Justice Depart
ment spokesman said at a hastily
called news conference that the is
sues raised by LaPrade involved na
tional security.
Referring to pressure from Bell
concerning his alleged part in inves
tigations conducted without war
rants, LaPrade said, "Is it proper to
ask. Will another political power in
Washington desire to prosecute to
day's actions five years from now?"
LaPrade called on all FBI agents
now involved in such "warrantless
investigations" to stop work until
they have written orders from Carter.
New York (AP) — Assistant FBI di
rector J. Wallace LaPrade said yester
day that "warrantless investigations"
such as those that resulted in the in
dictment of former acting FBI direc
tor L. Patrick Gray are still being con
ducted by the FBI, with presidential
authority.
"At the present time, there are
warrantless investigations that the at
torney general, with the president's
executive authority, is having the FBI
conduct," he said at a news confer
ence. LaPrade, facing disciplinary ac
tion himself because of such investi
gations, did not say whether Presi
dent Jimmy Carter had specific
knowledge of them.
The FBI official also challenged At
torney General Griffin Bell to a na
tionally televised debate on ter
rorism, civil rights and "warrantless
investigations, which he (Bell) has
approved."
In Washington, a Justice Depart
ment spokesman said at a hastily
called news conference that the is
sues raised by LaPrade involved na
tional security.
Referring to pressure from Bell
concerning his alleged part in inves
tigations conducted without war
rants, LaPrade said, "Is it proper to
ask. Will another political power in
Washington desire to prosecute to
day's actions five years from now?"
LaPrade called on all FBI agents
now involved in such "warrantless
investigations" to stop work until
they have written orders from Carter.
New York (AP) — Assistant FBI di
rector J. Wallace LaPrade said yester
day that "warrantless investigations"
such as those that resulted in the in
dictment of former acting FBI direc
tor L. Patrick Gray are still being con
ducted by the FBI, with presidential
authority.
"At the present time, there are
warrantless investigations that the at
torney general, with the president's
executive authority, is having the FBI
conduct," he said at a news confer
ence. LaPrade, facing disciplinary ac
tion himself because of such investi
gations, did not say whether Presi
dent Jimmy Carter had specific
knowledge of them.
The FBI official also challenged At
torney General Griffin Bell to a na
tionally televised debate on ter
rorism, civil rights and "warrantless
investigations, which he (Bell) has
approved."
In Washington, a Justice Depart
ment spokesman said at a hastily
called news conference that the is
sues raised by LaPrade involved na
tional security.
Referring to pressure from Bell
concerning his alleged part in inves
tigations conducted without war
rants, LaPrade said, "Is it proper to
ask. Will another political power in
Washington desire to prosecute to
day's actions five years from now?"
LaPrade called on all FBI agents
now involved in such "warrantless
investigations" to stop work until
they have written orders from Carter.
New York (AP) — Assistant FBI di
rector J. Wallace LaPrade said yester
day that "warrantless investigations"
such as those that resulted in the in
dictment of former acting FBI direc
tor L. Patrick Gray are still being con
ducted by the FBI, with presidential
authority.
"At the present time, there are
warrantless investigations that the at
torney general, with the president's
executive authority, is having the FBI
conduct," he said at a news confer
ence. LaPrade, facing disciplinary ac
tion himself because of such investi
gations, did not say whether Presi
dent Jimmy Carter had specific
knowledge of them.
The FBI official also challenged At
torney General Griffin Bell to a na
tionally televised debate on ter
rorism, civil rights and "warrantless
investigations, which he (Bell) has
approved."
In Washington, a Justice Depart
ment spokesman said at a hastily
called news conference that the is
sues raised by LaPrade involved na
tional security.
Referring to pressure from Bell
concerning his alleged part in inves
tigations conducted without war
rants, LaPrade said, "Is it proper to
ask. Will another political power in
Washington desire to prosecute to
day's actions five years from now?"
LaPrade called on all FBI agents
now involved in such "warrantless
investigations" to stop work until
they have written orders from Carter.
New York (AP) — Assistant FBI di
rector J. Wallace LaPrade said yester
day that "warrantless investigations"
such as those that resulted in the in
dictment of former acting FBI direc
tor L. Patrick Gray are still being con
ducted by the FBI, with presidential
authority.
"At the present time, there are
warrantless investigations that the at
torney general, with the president's
executive authority, is having the FBI
conduct," he said at a news confer
ence. LaPrade, facing disciplinary ac
tion himself because of such investi
gations, did not say whether Presi
dent Jimmy Carter had specific
knowledge of them.
The FBI official also challenged At
torney General Griffin Bell to a na
tionally televised debate on ter
rorism, civil rights and "warrantless
investigations, which he (Bell) has
approved."
In Washington, a Justice Depart
ment spokesman said at a hastily
called news conference that the is
sues raised by LaPrade involved na
tional security.
Referring to pressure from Bell
concerning his alleged part in inves
tigations conducted without war
rants, LaPrade said, "Is it proper to
ask. Will another political power in
Washington desire to prosecute to
day's actions five years from now?"
LaPrade called on all FBI agents
now involved in such "warrantless
investigations" to stop work until
they have written orders from Carter.
New York (AP) — Assistant FBI di
rector J. Wallace LaPrade said yester
day that "warrantless investigations"
such as those that resulted in the in
dictment of former acting FBI direc
tor L. Patrick Gray are still being con
ducted by the FBI, with presidential
authority.
"At the present time, there are
warrantless investigations that the at
torney general, with the president's
executive authority, is having the FBI
conduct," he said at a news confer
ence. LaPrade, facing disciplinary ac
tion himself because of such investi
gations, did not say whether Presi
dent Jimmy Carter had specific
knowledge of them.
The FBI official also challenged At
torney General Griffin Bell to a na
tionally televised debate on ter
rorism, civil rights and "warrantless
investigations, which he (Bell) has
approved."
In Washington, a Justice Depart
ment spokesman said at a hastily
called news conference that the is
sues raised by LaPrade involved na
tional security.
Referring to pressure from Bell
concerning his alleged part in inves
tigations conducted without war
rants, LaPrade said, "Is it proper to
ask. Will another political power in
Washington desire to prosecute to
day's actions five years from now?"
LaPrade called on all FBI agents
now involved in such "warrantless
investigations" to stop work until
they have written orders from Carter.
New York (AP) — Assistant FBI di
rector J. Wallace LaPrade said yester
day that "warrantless investigations"
such as those that resulted in the in
dictment of former acting FBI direc
tor L. Patrick Gray are still being con
ducted by the FBI, with presidential
authority.
"At the present time, there are
warrantless investigations that the at
torney general, with the president's
executive authority, is having the FBI
conduct," he said at a news confer
ence. LaPrade, facing disciplinary ac
tion himself because of such investi
gations, did not say whether Presi
dent Jimmy Carter had specific
knowledge of them.
The FBI official also challenged At
torney General Griffin Bell to a na
tionally televised debate on ter
rorism, civil rights and "warrantless
investigations, which he (Bell) has
approved."
In Washington, a Justice Depart
ment spokesman said at a hastily
called news conference that the is
sues raised by LaPrade involved na
tional security.
Referring to pressure from Bell
concerning his alleged part in inves
tigations conducted without war
rants, LaPrade said, "Is it proper to
ask. Will another political power in
Washington desire to prosecute to
day's actions five years from now?"
LaPrade called on all FBI agents
now involved in such "warrantless
investigations" to stop work until
they have written orders from Carter.
New York (AP) — Assistant FBI di
rector J. Wallace LaPrade said yester
day that "warrantless investigations"
such as those that resulted in the in
dictment of former acting FBI direc
tor L. Patrick Gray are still being con
ducted by the FBI, with presidential
authority.
"At the present time, there are
warrantless investigations that the at
torney general, with the president's
executive authority, is having the FBI
conduct," he said at a news confer
ence. LaPrade, facing disciplinary ac
tion himself because of such investi
gations, did not say whether Presi
dent Jimmy Carter had specific
knowledge of them.
The FBI official also challenged At
torney General Griffin Bell to a na
tionally televised debate on ter
rorism, civil rights and "warrantless
investigations, which he (Bell) has
approved."
In Washington, a Justice Depart
ment spokesman said at a hastily
called news conference that the is
sues raised by LaPrade involved na
tional security.
Referring to pressure from Bell
concerning his alleged part in inves
tigations conducted without war
rants, LaPrade said, "Is it proper to
ask. Will another political power in
Washington desire to prosecute to
day's actions five years from now?"
LaPrade called on all FBI agents
now involved in such "warrantless
investigations" to stop work until
they have written orders from Carter.
