# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Military Ball
AT THE PAVILION
Friday, April 4th
You'll want to be proper
ly attired. You will find
here all the newer ideas
in Full Dress and Tuxedo
Suits—
$35.00 to $60.00
or you may rent one for
the occasion.
SELIX
Cor. Eddy and Mason Sts.
SAN FRANCISCO
Military Ball
AT THE PAVILION
Friday, April 4th
You'll want to be proper
ly attired. You will find
here all the newer ideas
in Full Dress and Tuxedo
Suits—
$35.00 to $60.00
or you may rent one for
the occasion.
SELIX
Cor. Eddy and Mason Sts.
SAN FRANCISCO
Military Ball
AT THE PAVILION
Friday, April 4th
You'll want to be proper
ly attired. You will find
here all the newer ideas
in Full Dress and Tuxedo
Suits—
$35.00 to $60.00
or you may rent one for
the occasion.
SELIX
Cor. Eddy and Mason Sts.
SAN FRANCISCO
Military Ball
AT THE PAVILION
Friday, April 4th
You'll want to be proper
ly attired. You will find
here all the newer ideas
in Full Dress and Tuxedo
Suits—
$35.00 to $60.00
or you may rent one for
the occasion.
SELIX
Cor. Eddy and Mason Sts.
SAN FRANCISCO
Military Ball
AT THE PAVILION
Friday, April 4th
You'll want to be proper
ly attired. You will find
here all the newer ideas
in Full Dress and Tuxedo
Suits—
$35.00 to $60.00
or you may rent one for
the occasion.
SELIX
Cor. Eddy and Mason Sts.
SAN FRANCISCO
Military Ball
AT THE PAVILION
Friday, April 4th
You'll want to be proper
ly attired. You will find
here all the newer ideas
in Full Dress and Tuxedo
Suits—
$35.00 to $60.00
or you may rent one for
the occasion.
SELIX
Cor. Eddy and Mason Sts.
SAN FRANCISCO
Military Ball
AT THE PAVILION
Friday, April 4th
You'll want to be proper
ly attired. You will find
here all the newer ideas
in Full Dress and Tuxedo
Suits—
$35.00 to $60.00
or you may rent one for
the occasion.
SELIX
Cor. Eddy and Mason Sts.
SAN FRANCISCO
Military Ball
AT THE PAVILION
Friday, April 4th
You'll want to be proper
ly attired. You will find
here all the newer ideas
in Full Dress and Tuxedo
Suits—
$35.00 to $60.00
or you may rent one for
the occasion.
SELIX
Cor. Eddy and Mason Sts.
SAN FRANCISCO
Military Ball
AT THE PAVILION
Friday, April 4th
You'll want to be proper
ly attired. You will find
here all the newer ideas
in Full Dress and Tuxedo
Suits—
$35.00 to $60.00
or you may rent one for
the occasion.
SELIX
Cor. Eddy and Mason Sts.
SAN FRANCISCO
Military Ball
AT THE PAVILION
Friday, April 4th
You'll want to be proper
ly attired. You will find
here all the newer ideas
in Full Dress and Tuxedo
Suits—
$35.00 to $60.00
or you may rent one for
the occasion.
SELIX
Cor. Eddy and Mason Sts.
SAN FRANCISCO
Military Ball
AT THE PAVILION
Friday, April 4th
You'll want to be proper
ly attired. You will find
here all the newer ideas
in Full Dress and Tuxedo
Suits—
$35.00 to $60.00
or you may rent one for
the occasion.
SELIX
Cor. Eddy and Mason Sts.
SAN FRANCISCO
Military Ball
AT THE PAVILION
Friday, April 4th
You'll want to be proper
ly attired. You will find
here all the newer ideas
in Full Dress and Tuxedo
Suits—
$35.00 to $60.00
or you may rent one for
the occasion.
SELIX
Cor. Eddy and Mason Sts.
SAN FRANCISCO
Military Ball
AT THE PAVILION
Friday, April 4th
You'll want to be proper
ly attired. You will find
here all the newer ideas
in Full Dress and Tuxedo
Suits—
$35.00 to $60.00
or you may rent one for
the occasion.
SELIX
Cor. Eddy and Mason Sts.
SAN FRANCISCO
Military Ball
AT THE PAVILION
Friday, April 4th
You'll want to be proper
ly attired. You will find
here all the newer ideas
in Full Dress and Tuxedo
Suits—
$35.00 to $60.00
or you may rent one for
the occasion.
SELIX
Cor. Eddy and Mason Sts.
SAN FRANCISCO
Military Ball
AT THE PAVILION
Friday, April 4th
You'll want to be proper
ly attired. You will find
here all the newer ideas
in Full Dress and Tuxedo
Suits—
$35.00 to $60.00
or you may rent one for
the occasion.
SELIX
Cor. Eddy and Mason Sts.
SAN FRANCISCO
