# Adv. 2 Page 2
## 
### 
Pay what you will—
you will never find in
any other cigarette
the unique delight of
the toasted process.
Pay what you will—
you will never find in
any other cigarette
the unique delight of
the toasted process.
Pay what you will—
you will never find in
any other cigarette
the unique delight of
the toasted process.
Pay what you will—
you will never find in
any other cigarette
the unique delight of
the toasted process.
Pay what you will—
you will never find in
any other cigarette
the unique delight of
the toasted process.
Pay what you will—
you will never find in
any other cigarette
the unique delight of
the toasted process.
Pay what you will—
you will never find in
any other cigarette
the unique delight of
the toasted process.
Pay what you will—
you will never find in
any other cigarette
the unique delight of
the toasted process.
Pay what you will—
you will never find in
any other cigarette
the unique delight of
the toasted process.
Pay what you will—
you will never find in
any other cigarette
the unique delight of
the toasted process.
Pay what you will—
you will never find in
any other cigarette
the unique delight of
the toasted process.
Pay what you will—
you will never find in
any other cigarette
the unique delight of
the toasted process.
Pay what you will—
you will never find in
any other cigarette
the unique delight of
the toasted process.
Pay what you will—
you will never find in
any other cigarette
the unique delight of
the toasted process.
Pay what you will—
you will never find in
any other cigarette
the unique delight of
the toasted process.
