# College Presidents Hold First Meeting Saturday
## 
### 
The Pacific Coast College Asso
ciation, formed of presidents of
Pacific Coast universities, organ
ized and held its first meeting at
the ('lift Hotel, Saturday. Contrary
to rumor about the universities, no
changes were effected in college
athletics and no disapproval was
expressed concerning intersection
al football games.
Dr. Lyle Spencer, president of
Washington University and newly
elected president of the Associa
tion, said that all the members did
was to discuss and exchange ideas
on various subjects, including ath
letic scholarships, boxing as a col
lege â€¢ sport, and faculty positions
for sport coaches. Acting-President
Robert Kekles Swain represented
Stanford at the conference.
