# Quad Proofs Must Be In Next Friday, Says Milne
## 
### 
More than one hundred students,
especially ltoble and sorority wo
men, have not returned their
proofs to the Quad, according to
Stan Milne, editor, and if the
proofs are not returned by next
Friday, the Quad staff will make
the selection. The proofs should
be returned to the Quad desk in
the Y.M.C.A. office in the Union.
More than one hundred students,
especially ltoble and sorority wo
men, have not returned their
proofs to the Quad, according to
Stan Milne, editor, and if the
proofs are not returned by next
Friday, the Quad staff will make
the selection. The proofs should
be returned to the Quad desk in
the Y.M.C.A. office in the Union.
More than one hundred students,
especially ltoble and sorority wo
men, have not returned their
proofs to the Quad, according to
Stan Milne, editor, and if the
proofs are not returned by next
Friday, the Quad staff will make
the selection. The proofs should
be returned to the Quad desk in
the Y.M.C.A. office in the Union.
More than one hundred students,
especially ltoble and sorority wo
men, have not returned their
proofs to the Quad, according to
Stan Milne, editor, and if the
proofs are not returned by next
Friday, the Quad staff will make
the selection. The proofs should
be returned to the Quad desk in
the Y.M.C.A. office in the Union.
More than one hundred students,
especially ltoble and sorority wo
men, have not returned their
proofs to the Quad, according to
Stan Milne, editor, and if the
proofs are not returned by next
Friday, the Quad staff will make
the selection. The proofs should
be returned to the Quad desk in
the Y.M.C.A. office in the Union.
More than one hundred students,
especially ltoble and sorority wo
men, have not returned their
proofs to the Quad, according to
Stan Milne, editor, and if the
proofs are not returned by next
Friday, the Quad staff will make
the selection. The proofs should
be returned to the Quad desk in
the Y.M.C.A. office in the Union.
More than one hundred students,
especially ltoble and sorority wo
men, have not returned their
proofs to the Quad, according to
Stan Milne, editor, and if the
proofs are not returned by next
Friday, the Quad staff will make
the selection. The proofs should
be returned to the Quad desk in
the Y.M.C.A. office in the Union.
More than one hundred students,
especially ltoble and sorority wo
men, have not returned their
proofs to the Quad, according to
Stan Milne, editor, and if the
proofs are not returned by next
Friday, the Quad staff will make
the selection. The proofs should
be returned to the Quad desk in
the Y.M.C.A. office in the Union.
More than one hundred students,
especially ltoble and sorority wo
men, have not returned their
proofs to the Quad, according to
Stan Milne, editor, and if the
proofs are not returned by next
Friday, the Quad staff will make
the selection. The proofs should
be returned to the Quad desk in
the Y.M.C.A. office in the Union.
More than one hundred students,
especially ltoble and sorority wo
men, have not returned their
proofs to the Quad, according to
Stan Milne, editor, and if the
proofs are not returned by next
Friday, the Quad staff will make
the selection. The proofs should
be returned to the Quad desk in
the Y.M.C.A. office in the Union.
More than one hundred students,
especially ltoble and sorority wo
men, have not returned their
proofs to the Quad, according to
Stan Milne, editor, and if the
proofs are not returned by next
Friday, the Quad staff will make
the selection. The proofs should
be returned to the Quad desk in
the Y.M.C.A. office in the Union.
More than one hundred students,
especially ltoble and sorority wo
men, have not returned their
proofs to the Quad, according to
Stan Milne, editor, and if the
proofs are not returned by next
Friday, the Quad staff will make
the selection. The proofs should
be returned to the Quad desk in
the Y.M.C.A. office in the Union.
More than one hundred students,
especially ltoble and sorority wo
men, have not returned their
proofs to the Quad, according to
Stan Milne, editor, and if the
proofs are not returned by next
Friday, the Quad staff will make
the selection. The proofs should
be returned to the Quad desk in
the Y.M.C.A. office in the Union.
More than one hundred students,
especially ltoble and sorority wo
men, have not returned their
proofs to the Quad, according to
Stan Milne, editor, and if the
proofs are not returned by next
Friday, the Quad staff will make
the selection. The proofs should
be returned to the Quad desk in
the Y.M.C.A. office in the Union.
More than one hundred students,
especially ltoble and sorority wo
men, have not returned their
proofs to the Quad, according to
Stan Milne, editor, and if the
proofs are not returned by next
Friday, the Quad staff will make
the selection. The proofs should
be returned to the Quad desk in
the Y.M.C.A. office in the Union.
