# STANFORD MATMEN VICTORIOUS IN MEET WITH BERKELEYANS
## 
### 
Decisively winning the first
wrestling meet engaged in by a
Stanford team in tour years, the
Cardinal matmeu downed the
wrestling team of the Berkeley
Y.M.C.A. ;it Berkeley Friday night
by a score of 20-10. The grapplers
from the Farm won six of the eight
tilts, and since the competition
marked the first time most of the
men had ever competed before an
audience, Coach It. L. Nicholson
is well pleased by the showing of
his charges.
Results of the meut are: 125-
pound class: Dilley (S) threw Mo
Kinney (Y) in 50 seconds; 135-
pound class: Bronson (S) won by
decision from Chase (Y); 145-
pound class: Kindig (Y) threw
Ting (S) in six minutes; Taylor
(S) took a decision from Manberg
(Y); 155-pound class: Morrow (S)
threw Campbell (Y) in 1 minute;
pounders: Nicholson (S) threw
Jensen (Y) in 45 seconds; 175-
105-ponders: Nicholson (S) threw
Cordry (S) in 0 minutes; heavy
weight division: Targhetta (S)
threw Peterson (Y) in 3 minutes.
Decisively winning the first
wrestling meet engaged in by a
Stanford team in tour years, the
Cardinal matmeu downed the
wrestling team of the Berkeley
Y.M.C.A. ;it Berkeley Friday night
by a score of 20-10. The grapplers
from the Farm won six of the eight
tilts, and since the competition
marked the first time most of the
men had ever competed before an
audience, Coach It. L. Nicholson
is well pleased by the showing of
his charges.
Results of the meut are: 125-
pound class: Dilley (S) threw Mo
Kinney (Y) in 50 seconds; 135-
pound class: Bronson (S) won by
decision from Chase (Y); 145-
pound class: Kindig (Y) threw
Ting (S) in six minutes; Taylor
(S) took a decision from Manberg
(Y); 155-pound class: Morrow (S)
threw Campbell (Y) in 1 minute;
pounders: Nicholson (S) threw
Jensen (Y) in 45 seconds; 175-
105-ponders: Nicholson (S) threw
Cordry (S) in 0 minutes; heavy
weight division: Targhetta (S)
threw Peterson (Y) in 3 minutes.
Decisively winning the first
wrestling meet engaged in by a
Stanford team in tour years, the
Cardinal matmeu downed the
wrestling team of the Berkeley
Y.M.C.A. ;it Berkeley Friday night
by a score of 20-10. The grapplers
from the Farm won six of the eight
tilts, and since the competition
marked the first time most of the
men had ever competed before an
audience, Coach It. L. Nicholson
is well pleased by the showing of
his charges.
Results of the meut are: 125-
pound class: Dilley (S) threw Mo
Kinney (Y) in 50 seconds; 135-
pound class: Bronson (S) won by
decision from Chase (Y); 145-
pound class: Kindig (Y) threw
Ting (S) in six minutes; Taylor
(S) took a decision from Manberg
(Y); 155-pound class: Morrow (S)
threw Campbell (Y) in 1 minute;
pounders: Nicholson (S) threw
Jensen (Y) in 45 seconds; 175-
105-ponders: Nicholson (S) threw
Cordry (S) in 0 minutes; heavy
weight division: Targhetta (S)
threw Peterson (Y) in 3 minutes.
Decisively winning the first
wrestling meet engaged in by a
Stanford team in tour years, the
Cardinal matmeu downed the
wrestling team of the Berkeley
Y.M.C.A. ;it Berkeley Friday night
by a score of 20-10. The grapplers
from the Farm won six of the eight
tilts, and since the competition
marked the first time most of the
men had ever competed before an
audience, Coach It. L. Nicholson
is well pleased by the showing of
his charges.
Results of the meut are: 125-
pound class: Dilley (S) threw Mo
Kinney (Y) in 50 seconds; 135-
pound class: Bronson (S) won by
decision from Chase (Y); 145-
pound class: Kindig (Y) threw
Ting (S) in six minutes; Taylor
(S) took a decision from Manberg
(Y); 155-pound class: Morrow (S)
threw Campbell (Y) in 1 minute;
pounders: Nicholson (S) threw
Jensen (Y) in 45 seconds; 175-
105-ponders: Nicholson (S) threw
Cordry (S) in 0 minutes; heavy
weight division: Targhetta (S)
threw Peterson (Y) in 3 minutes.
Decisively winning the first
wrestling meet engaged in by a
Stanford team in tour years, the
Cardinal matmeu downed the
wrestling team of the Berkeley
Y.M.C.A. ;it Berkeley Friday night
by a score of 20-10. The grapplers
from the Farm won six of the eight
tilts, and since the competition
marked the first time most of the
men had ever competed before an
audience, Coach It. L. Nicholson
is well pleased by the showing of
his charges.
Results of the meut are: 125-
pound class: Dilley (S) threw Mo
Kinney (Y) in 50 seconds; 135-
pound class: Bronson (S) won by
decision from Chase (Y); 145-
pound class: Kindig (Y) threw
Ting (S) in six minutes; Taylor
(S) took a decision from Manberg
(Y); 155-pound class: Morrow (S)
threw Campbell (Y) in 1 minute;
pounders: Nicholson (S) threw
Jensen (Y) in 45 seconds; 175-
105-ponders: Nicholson (S) threw
Cordry (S) in 0 minutes; heavy
weight division: Targhetta (S)
threw Peterson (Y) in 3 minutes.
Decisively winning the first
wrestling meet engaged in by a
Stanford team in tour years, the
Cardinal matmeu downed the
wrestling team of the Berkeley
Y.M.C.A. ;it Berkeley Friday night
by a score of 20-10. The grapplers
from the Farm won six of the eight
tilts, and since the competition
marked the first time most of the
men had ever competed before an
audience, Coach It. L. Nicholson
is well pleased by the showing of
his charges.
Results of the meut are: 125-
pound class: Dilley (S) threw Mo
Kinney (Y) in 50 seconds; 135-
pound class: Bronson (S) won by
decision from Chase (Y); 145-
pound class: Kindig (Y) threw
Ting (S) in six minutes; Taylor
(S) took a decision from Manberg
(Y); 155-pound class: Morrow (S)
threw Campbell (Y) in 1 minute;
pounders: Nicholson (S) threw
Jensen (Y) in 45 seconds; 175-
105-ponders: Nicholson (S) threw
Cordry (S) in 0 minutes; heavy
weight division: Targhetta (S)
threw Peterson (Y) in 3 minutes.
Decisively winning the first
wrestling meet engaged in by a
Stanford team in tour years, the
Cardinal matmeu downed the
wrestling team of the Berkeley
Y.M.C.A. ;it Berkeley Friday night
by a score of 20-10. The grapplers
from the Farm won six of the eight
tilts, and since the competition
marked the first time most of the
men had ever competed before an
audience, Coach It. L. Nicholson
is well pleased by the showing of
his charges.
Results of the meut are: 125-
pound class: Dilley (S) threw Mo
Kinney (Y) in 50 seconds; 135-
pound class: Bronson (S) won by
decision from Chase (Y); 145-
pound class: Kindig (Y) threw
Ting (S) in six minutes; Taylor
(S) took a decision from Manberg
(Y); 155-pound class: Morrow (S)
threw Campbell (Y) in 1 minute;
pounders: Nicholson (S) threw
Jensen (Y) in 45 seconds; 175-
105-ponders: Nicholson (S) threw
Cordry (S) in 0 minutes; heavy
weight division: Targhetta (S)
threw Peterson (Y) in 3 minutes.
Decisively winning the first
wrestling meet engaged in by a
Stanford team in tour years, the
Cardinal matmeu downed the
wrestling team of the Berkeley
Y.M.C.A. ;it Berkeley Friday night
by a score of 20-10. The grapplers
from the Farm won six of the eight
tilts, and since the competition
marked the first time most of the
men had ever competed before an
audience, Coach It. L. Nicholson
is well pleased by the showing of
his charges.
Results of the meut are: 125-
pound class: Dilley (S) threw Mo
Kinney (Y) in 50 seconds; 135-
pound class: Bronson (S) won by
decision from Chase (Y); 145-
pound class: Kindig (Y) threw
Ting (S) in six minutes; Taylor
(S) took a decision from Manberg
(Y); 155-pound class: Morrow (S)
threw Campbell (Y) in 1 minute;
pounders: Nicholson (S) threw
Jensen (Y) in 45 seconds; 175-
105-ponders: Nicholson (S) threw
Cordry (S) in 0 minutes; heavy
weight division: Targhetta (S)
threw Peterson (Y) in 3 minutes.
Decisively winning the first
wrestling meet engaged in by a
Stanford team in tour years, the
Cardinal matmeu downed the
wrestling team of the Berkeley
Y.M.C.A. ;it Berkeley Friday night
by a score of 20-10. The grapplers
from the Farm won six of the eight
tilts, and since the competition
marked the first time most of the
men had ever competed before an
audience, Coach It. L. Nicholson
is well pleased by the showing of
his charges.
Results of the meut are: 125-
pound class: Dilley (S) threw Mo
Kinney (Y) in 50 seconds; 135-
pound class: Bronson (S) won by
decision from Chase (Y); 145-
pound class: Kindig (Y) threw
Ting (S) in six minutes; Taylor
(S) took a decision from Manberg
(Y); 155-pound class: Morrow (S)
threw Campbell (Y) in 1 minute;
pounders: Nicholson (S) threw
Jensen (Y) in 45 seconds; 175-
105-ponders: Nicholson (S) threw
Cordry (S) in 0 minutes; heavy
weight division: Targhetta (S)
threw Peterson (Y) in 3 minutes.
Decisively winning the first
wrestling meet engaged in by a
Stanford team in tour years, the
Cardinal matmeu downed the
wrestling team of the Berkeley
Y.M.C.A. ;it Berkeley Friday night
by a score of 20-10. The grapplers
from the Farm won six of the eight
tilts, and since the competition
marked the first time most of the
men had ever competed before an
audience, Coach It. L. Nicholson
is well pleased by the showing of
his charges.
Results of the meut are: 125-
pound class: Dilley (S) threw Mo
Kinney (Y) in 50 seconds; 135-
pound class: Bronson (S) won by
decision from Chase (Y); 145-
pound class: Kindig (Y) threw
Ting (S) in six minutes; Taylor
(S) took a decision from Manberg
(Y); 155-pound class: Morrow (S)
threw Campbell (Y) in 1 minute;
pounders: Nicholson (S) threw
Jensen (Y) in 45 seconds; 175-
105-ponders: Nicholson (S) threw
Cordry (S) in 0 minutes; heavy
weight division: Targhetta (S)
threw Peterson (Y) in 3 minutes.
Decisively winning the first
wrestling meet engaged in by a
Stanford team in tour years, the
Cardinal matmeu downed the
wrestling team of the Berkeley
Y.M.C.A. ;it Berkeley Friday night
by a score of 20-10. The grapplers
from the Farm won six of the eight
tilts, and since the competition
marked the first time most of the
men had ever competed before an
audience, Coach It. L. Nicholson
is well pleased by the showing of
his charges.
Results of the meut are: 125-
pound class: Dilley (S) threw Mo
Kinney (Y) in 50 seconds; 135-
pound class: Bronson (S) won by
decision from Chase (Y); 145-
pound class: Kindig (Y) threw
Ting (S) in six minutes; Taylor
(S) took a decision from Manberg
(Y); 155-pound class: Morrow (S)
threw Campbell (Y) in 1 minute;
pounders: Nicholson (S) threw
Jensen (Y) in 45 seconds; 175-
105-ponders: Nicholson (S) threw
Cordry (S) in 0 minutes; heavy
weight division: Targhetta (S)
threw Peterson (Y) in 3 minutes.
Decisively winning the first
wrestling meet engaged in by a
Stanford team in tour years, the
Cardinal matmeu downed the
wrestling team of the Berkeley
Y.M.C.A. ;it Berkeley Friday night
by a score of 20-10. The grapplers
from the Farm won six of the eight
tilts, and since the competition
marked the first time most of the
men had ever competed before an
audience, Coach It. L. Nicholson
is well pleased by the showing of
his charges.
Results of the meut are: 125-
pound class: Dilley (S) threw Mo
Kinney (Y) in 50 seconds; 135-
pound class: Bronson (S) won by
decision from Chase (Y); 145-
pound class: Kindig (Y) threw
Ting (S) in six minutes; Taylor
(S) took a decision from Manberg
(Y); 155-pound class: Morrow (S)
threw Campbell (Y) in 1 minute;
pounders: Nicholson (S) threw
Jensen (Y) in 45 seconds; 175-
105-ponders: Nicholson (S) threw
Cordry (S) in 0 minutes; heavy
weight division: Targhetta (S)
threw Peterson (Y) in 3 minutes.
Decisively winning the first
wrestling meet engaged in by a
Stanford team in tour years, the
Cardinal matmeu downed the
wrestling team of the Berkeley
Y.M.C.A. ;it Berkeley Friday night
by a score of 20-10. The grapplers
from the Farm won six of the eight
tilts, and since the competition
marked the first time most of the
men had ever competed before an
audience, Coach It. L. Nicholson
is well pleased by the showing of
his charges.
Results of the meut are: 125-
pound class: Dilley (S) threw Mo
Kinney (Y) in 50 seconds; 135-
pound class: Bronson (S) won by
decision from Chase (Y); 145-
pound class: Kindig (Y) threw
Ting (S) in six minutes; Taylor
(S) took a decision from Manberg
(Y); 155-pound class: Morrow (S)
threw Campbell (Y) in 1 minute;
pounders: Nicholson (S) threw
Jensen (Y) in 45 seconds; 175-
105-ponders: Nicholson (S) threw
Cordry (S) in 0 minutes; heavy
weight division: Targhetta (S)
threw Peterson (Y) in 3 minutes.
Decisively winning the first
wrestling meet engaged in by a
Stanford team in tour years, the
Cardinal matmeu downed the
wrestling team of the Berkeley
Y.M.C.A. ;it Berkeley Friday night
by a score of 20-10. The grapplers
from the Farm won six of the eight
tilts, and since the competition
marked the first time most of the
men had ever competed before an
audience, Coach It. L. Nicholson
is well pleased by the showing of
his charges.
Results of the meut are: 125-
pound class: Dilley (S) threw Mo
Kinney (Y) in 50 seconds; 135-
pound class: Bronson (S) won by
decision from Chase (Y); 145-
pound class: Kindig (Y) threw
Ting (S) in six minutes; Taylor
(S) took a decision from Manberg
(Y); 155-pound class: Morrow (S)
threw Campbell (Y) in 1 minute;
pounders: Nicholson (S) threw
Jensen (Y) in 45 seconds; 175-
105-ponders: Nicholson (S) threw
Cordry (S) in 0 minutes; heavy
weight division: Targhetta (S)
threw Peterson (Y) in 3 minutes.
Decisively winning the first
wrestling meet engaged in by a
Stanford team in tour years, the
Cardinal matmeu downed the
wrestling team of the Berkeley
Y.M.C.A. ;it Berkeley Friday night
by a score of 20-10. The grapplers
from the Farm won six of the eight
tilts, and since the competition
marked the first time most of the
men had ever competed before an
audience, Coach It. L. Nicholson
is well pleased by the showing of
his charges.
Results of the meut are: 125-
pound class: Dilley (S) threw Mo
Kinney (Y) in 50 seconds; 135-
pound class: Bronson (S) won by
decision from Chase (Y); 145-
pound class: Kindig (Y) threw
Ting (S) in six minutes; Taylor
(S) took a decision from Manberg
(Y); 155-pound class: Morrow (S)
threw Campbell (Y) in 1 minute;
pounders: Nicholson (S) threw
Jensen (Y) in 45 seconds; 175-
105-ponders: Nicholson (S) threw
Cordry (S) in 0 minutes; heavy
weight division: Targhetta (S)
threw Peterson (Y) in 3 minutes.
