# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Pi Sigma Alpha, Political
Science Society, elected tile
following students to its mem
bership at a recent meeting:
Carl 10. McDowell
Commander Stewart Bryant
Andrew O. Porter
Willian P. Held
Pi Sigma Alpha, Political
Science Society, elected tile
following students to its mem
bership at a recent meeting:
Carl 10. McDowell
Commander Stewart Bryant
Andrew O. Porter
Willian P. Held
Pi Sigma Alpha, Political
Science Society, elected tile
following students to its mem
bership at a recent meeting:
Carl 10. McDowell
Commander Stewart Bryant
Andrew O. Porter
Willian P. Held
Pi Sigma Alpha, Political
Science Society, elected tile
following students to its mem
bership at a recent meeting:
Carl 10. McDowell
Commander Stewart Bryant
Andrew O. Porter
Willian P. Held
Pi Sigma Alpha, Political
Science Society, elected tile
following students to its mem
bership at a recent meeting:
Carl 10. McDowell
Commander Stewart Bryant
Andrew O. Porter
Willian P. Held
Pi Sigma Alpha, Political
Science Society, elected tile
following students to its mem
bership at a recent meeting:
Carl 10. McDowell
Commander Stewart Bryant
Andrew O. Porter
Willian P. Held
Pi Sigma Alpha, Political
Science Society, elected tile
following students to its mem
bership at a recent meeting:
Carl 10. McDowell
Commander Stewart Bryant
Andrew O. Porter
Willian P. Held
Pi Sigma Alpha, Political
Science Society, elected tile
following students to its mem
bership at a recent meeting:
Carl 10. McDowell
Commander Stewart Bryant
Andrew O. Porter
Willian P. Held
Pi Sigma Alpha, Political
Science Society, elected tile
following students to its mem
bership at a recent meeting:
Carl 10. McDowell
Commander Stewart Bryant
Andrew O. Porter
Willian P. Held
Pi Sigma Alpha, Political
Science Society, elected tile
following students to its mem
bership at a recent meeting:
Carl 10. McDowell
Commander Stewart Bryant
Andrew O. Porter
Willian P. Held
Pi Sigma Alpha, Political
Science Society, elected tile
following students to its mem
bership at a recent meeting:
Carl 10. McDowell
Commander Stewart Bryant
Andrew O. Porter
Willian P. Held
Pi Sigma Alpha, Political
Science Society, elected tile
following students to its mem
bership at a recent meeting:
Carl 10. McDowell
Commander Stewart Bryant
Andrew O. Porter
Willian P. Held
Pi Sigma Alpha, Political
Science Society, elected tile
following students to its mem
bership at a recent meeting:
Carl 10. McDowell
Commander Stewart Bryant
Andrew O. Porter
Willian P. Held
Pi Sigma Alpha, Political
Science Society, elected tile
following students to its mem
bership at a recent meeting:
Carl 10. McDowell
Commander Stewart Bryant
Andrew O. Porter
Willian P. Held
Pi Sigma Alpha, Political
Science Society, elected tile
following students to its mem
bership at a recent meeting:
Carl 10. McDowell
Commander Stewart Bryant
Andrew O. Porter
Willian P. Held
