# ADMINISTRATION
## Student services on the move New Student Services Center opens in Tresidder 
### VERONICA LANDA 
Every day. Stanford students are faced
with simple life-administration questions
and do not know where to turn. "Where
can I replace my lost or stolen ID?"
"Where do I turn in a Transfer Credit
form?"
Thanks to the hard work of a team of
University departments, a new one-stop
shop recently opened to answer students'
questions without a mess of hyperlinks or
cross-campus office visits.The new Student
Services Center (SSC). located on the sec
ond floor of Tresidder Memorial Union
and facing White Plaza, opened Sept. 15.
The center has already helped over 300
students answer their questions and deliv
er solutions.
"Hie SSC was collaboratively created
to serve as a single point of contact to
resolve the most frequently asked admin
istrative and transaction-based questions"
explained Teresa Janeway. director of
Student Financial Services, in an email to
Hie Daily. "Offices represented that would
have typically required students to visit
multiple locations include Student
Financial Services, the Office of the
Registrar. Financial Aid and student ID
card issuance."
The new center is an effort to "stream
line the process" according to Larry
Ibarra. Information Technology Services
order processor.
"Everyone here is trained to answer
questions, and if we cannot answer them,
we set up an appointment with another
office." he said.
According to Janeway, "the greatest
benefit to the students is the ability to
complete transactions from start to finish
without needing to visit other depart
ments."
"For example, at the SSC, a student can
turn in registrar forms, confirm if their
financial aid package has disbursed to


VINCENT CHEN/The Stanford Daily
A student seeks assistance at the new Student Services Center on the second floor of Tresidder Memorial Union.
The SSC provides assistance from Student Financial Services, the registrar, Financial Aid and student ID issuance.
