# Y.W.C.A. Meeting.
## 
### 
The regular meeting of the Y. \V.
C. A. will he held Tuesday after
noon at 4:30 in the chapel. The
meeting will partake of the nature
of a Thanksgiving service, and will
he led by Miss H. E. Brayton, '06,
and Miss Julia Derby, '07. The
subject is ''Giving—lts Reflex In
fluence."
The regular meeting of the Y. \V.
C. A. will he held Tuesday after
noon at 4:30 in the chapel. The
meeting will partake of the nature
of a Thanksgiving service, and will
he led by Miss H. E. Brayton, '06,
and Miss Julia Derby, '07. The
subject is ''Giving—lts Reflex In
fluence."
The regular meeting of the Y. \V.
C. A. will he held Tuesday after
noon at 4:30 in the chapel. The
meeting will partake of the nature
of a Thanksgiving service, and will
he led by Miss H. E. Brayton, '06,
and Miss Julia Derby, '07. The
subject is ''Giving—lts Reflex In
fluence."
The regular meeting of the Y. \V.
C. A. will he held Tuesday after
noon at 4:30 in the chapel. The
meeting will partake of the nature
of a Thanksgiving service, and will
he led by Miss H. E. Brayton, '06,
and Miss Julia Derby, '07. The
subject is ''Giving—lts Reflex In
fluence."
The regular meeting of the Y. \V.
C. A. will he held Tuesday after
noon at 4:30 in the chapel. The
meeting will partake of the nature
of a Thanksgiving service, and will
he led by Miss H. E. Brayton, '06,
and Miss Julia Derby, '07. The
subject is ''Giving—lts Reflex In
fluence."
The regular meeting of the Y. \V.
C. A. will he held Tuesday after
noon at 4:30 in the chapel. The
meeting will partake of the nature
of a Thanksgiving service, and will
he led by Miss H. E. Brayton, '06,
and Miss Julia Derby, '07. The
subject is ''Giving—lts Reflex In
fluence."
The regular meeting of the Y. \V.
C. A. will he held Tuesday after
noon at 4:30 in the chapel. The
meeting will partake of the nature
of a Thanksgiving service, and will
he led by Miss H. E. Brayton, '06,
and Miss Julia Derby, '07. The
subject is ''Giving—lts Reflex In
fluence."
The regular meeting of the Y. \V.
C. A. will he held Tuesday after
noon at 4:30 in the chapel. The
meeting will partake of the nature
of a Thanksgiving service, and will
he led by Miss H. E. Brayton, '06,
and Miss Julia Derby, '07. The
subject is ''Giving—lts Reflex In
fluence."
