# Death of Student.
## 
### 
C. N. Cooper, '08, committed sui
cide by shooting himself through
the head sometime last night in
Golden Gate l'ark, San Francisco,
where his lifeless body was discov
ered this morning.
Although registered from Los
Angeles, Cooper's home is in Au
rora, Illinois, where he graduated
from the local high school one year
ago. Cooper was a Law major and
resided in Palo Alto. Friends
have gone to San Francisco to take
charge of the body until word is
received from the parents of the
deceased.
C. N. Cooper, '08, committed sui
cide by shooting himself through
the head sometime last night in
Golden Gate l'ark, San Francisco,
where his lifeless body was discov
ered this morning.
Although registered from Los
Angeles, Cooper's home is in Au
rora, Illinois, where he graduated
from the local high school one year
ago. Cooper was a Law major and
resided in Palo Alto. Friends
have gone to San Francisco to take
charge of the body until word is
received from the parents of the
deceased.
C. N. Cooper, '08, committed sui
cide by shooting himself through
the head sometime last night in
Golden Gate l'ark, San Francisco,
where his lifeless body was discov
ered this morning.
Although registered from Los
Angeles, Cooper's home is in Au
rora, Illinois, where he graduated
from the local high school one year
ago. Cooper was a Law major and
resided in Palo Alto. Friends
have gone to San Francisco to take
charge of the body until word is
received from the parents of the
deceased.
C. N. Cooper, '08, committed sui
cide by shooting himself through
the head sometime last night in
Golden Gate l'ark, San Francisco,
where his lifeless body was discov
ered this morning.
Although registered from Los
Angeles, Cooper's home is in Au
rora, Illinois, where he graduated
from the local high school one year
ago. Cooper was a Law major and
resided in Palo Alto. Friends
have gone to San Francisco to take
charge of the body until word is
received from the parents of the
deceased.
C. N. Cooper, '08, committed sui
cide by shooting himself through
the head sometime last night in
Golden Gate l'ark, San Francisco,
where his lifeless body was discov
ered this morning.
Although registered from Los
Angeles, Cooper's home is in Au
rora, Illinois, where he graduated
from the local high school one year
ago. Cooper was a Law major and
resided in Palo Alto. Friends
have gone to San Francisco to take
charge of the body until word is
received from the parents of the
deceased.
C. N. Cooper, '08, committed sui
cide by shooting himself through
the head sometime last night in
Golden Gate l'ark, San Francisco,
where his lifeless body was discov
ered this morning.
Although registered from Los
Angeles, Cooper's home is in Au
rora, Illinois, where he graduated
from the local high school one year
ago. Cooper was a Law major and
resided in Palo Alto. Friends
have gone to San Francisco to take
charge of the body until word is
received from the parents of the
deceased.
C. N. Cooper, '08, committed sui
cide by shooting himself through
the head sometime last night in
Golden Gate l'ark, San Francisco,
where his lifeless body was discov
ered this morning.
Although registered from Los
Angeles, Cooper's home is in Au
rora, Illinois, where he graduated
from the local high school one year
ago. Cooper was a Law major and
resided in Palo Alto. Friends
have gone to San Francisco to take
charge of the body until word is
received from the parents of the
deceased.
C. N. Cooper, '08, committed sui
cide by shooting himself through
the head sometime last night in
Golden Gate l'ark, San Francisco,
where his lifeless body was discov
ered this morning.
Although registered from Los
Angeles, Cooper's home is in Au
rora, Illinois, where he graduated
from the local high school one year
ago. Cooper was a Law major and
resided in Palo Alto. Friends
have gone to San Francisco to take
charge of the body until word is
received from the parents of the
deceased.
