# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It is to be regretted that the C*loe
< lul> has found it impossible, owing
to the Kieiit, expense involved, to
make a trip south during the Euster
vacation. Such entertainments as
those given bv our Cilce and Mando
lin < Mubs are among the best methods
of University advertising. They al
ways excite interest in the I Diversity,
and often exert considerable influ
ence on the decision as to what col
lege a prospective student will at
tend. Very often a student's choice
<»112 a college is determined by mere
tiifles when compared to intellectual
considerations. While not wishing
to underrate the latter, which should
of course be the main consideration
in one's choice of a college, yet it
is evident that a careful investi
gation would reveal the fact that the
intellectual advantages to be gained
are far front being the determining
factor with the mojority of entering
students. Athletic prestige has
taken thousands of students to Yale

The favorable impression created l»y
Piinceton's glee and mandolin clubs
bus done much to swell her attend
unce. Harvard's antiquity has done
much for her. And so California's
climate, the enviable situation ot
this University, and the enormous
endowment, will do much for Stan
ford. Our athletes have done their
part in bringing us football presiige
;on this Coast. It now remains for
our musical interests to be properly
presented.
It is to be regretted that the C*loe
< lul> has found it impossible, owing
to the Kieiit, expense involved, to
make a trip south during the Euster
vacation. Such entertainments as
those given bv our Cilce and Mando
lin < Mubs are among the best methods
of University advertising. They al
ways excite interest in the I Diversity,
and often exert considerable influ
ence on the decision as to what col
lege a prospective student will at
tend. Very often a student's choice
<»112 a college is determined by mere
tiifles when compared to intellectual
considerations. While not wishing
to underrate the latter, which should
of course be the main consideration
in one's choice of a college, yet it
is evident that a careful investi
gation would reveal the fact that the
intellectual advantages to be gained
are far front being the determining
factor with the mojority of entering
students. Athletic prestige has
taken thousands of students to Yale

The favorable impression created l»y
Piinceton's glee and mandolin clubs
bus done much to swell her attend
unce. Harvard's antiquity has done
much for her. And so California's
climate, the enviable situation ot
this University, and the enormous
endowment, will do much for Stan
ford. Our athletes have done their
part in bringing us football presiige
;on this Coast. It now remains for
our musical interests to be properly
presented.
It is to be regretted that the C*loe
< lul> has found it impossible, owing
to the Kieiit, expense involved, to
make a trip south during the Euster
vacation. Such entertainments as
those given bv our Cilce and Mando
lin < Mubs are among the best methods
of University advertising. They al
ways excite interest in the I Diversity,
and often exert considerable influ
ence on the decision as to what col
lege a prospective student will at
tend. Very often a student's choice
<»112 a college is determined by mere
tiifles when compared to intellectual
considerations. While not wishing
to underrate the latter, which should
of course be the main consideration
in one's choice of a college, yet it
is evident that a careful investi
gation would reveal the fact that the
intellectual advantages to be gained
are far front being the determining
factor with the mojority of entering
students. Athletic prestige has
taken thousands of students to Yale

The favorable impression created l»y
Piinceton's glee and mandolin clubs
bus done much to swell her attend
unce. Harvard's antiquity has done
much for her. And so California's
climate, the enviable situation ot
this University, and the enormous
endowment, will do much for Stan
ford. Our athletes have done their
part in bringing us football presiige
;on this Coast. It now remains for
our musical interests to be properly
presented.
It is to be regretted that the C*loe
< lul> has found it impossible, owing
to the Kieiit, expense involved, to
make a trip south during the Euster
vacation. Such entertainments as
those given bv our Cilce and Mando
lin < Mubs are among the best methods
of University advertising. They al
ways excite interest in the I Diversity,
and often exert considerable influ
ence on the decision as to what col
lege a prospective student will at
tend. Very often a student's choice
<»112 a college is determined by mere
tiifles when compared to intellectual
considerations. While not wishing
to underrate the latter, which should
of course be the main consideration
in one's choice of a college, yet it
is evident that a careful investi
gation would reveal the fact that the
intellectual advantages to be gained
are far front being the determining
factor with the mojority of entering
students. Athletic prestige has
taken thousands of students to Yale

The favorable impression created l»y
Piinceton's glee and mandolin clubs
bus done much to swell her attend
unce. Harvard's antiquity has done
much for her. And so California's
climate, the enviable situation ot
this University, and the enormous
endowment, will do much for Stan
ford. Our athletes have done their
part in bringing us football presiige
;on this Coast. It now remains for
our musical interests to be properly
presented.
