# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Ten minute eliapel service every
morning in the Vestry Room at 8:05.
Ten minute eliapel service every
morning in the Vestry Room at 8:05.
Ten minute eliapel service every
morning in the Vestry Room at 8:05.
Ten minute eliapel service every
morning in the Vestry Room at 8:05.
Ten minute eliapel service every
morning in the Vestry Room at 8:05.
Ten minute eliapel service every
morning in the Vestry Room at 8:05.
Ten minute eliapel service every
morning in the Vestry Room at 8:05.
Ten minute eliapel service every
morning in the Vestry Room at 8:05.
Ten minute eliapel service every
morning in the Vestry Room at 8:05.
Ten minute eliapel service every
morning in the Vestry Room at 8:05.
Ten minute eliapel service every
morning in the Vestry Room at 8:05.
