# Untitled Article
## 
### 
We reluctantly speak concerning the
controversy which has pervaded cer
tain factions of the Student Body. But
as a journal representative of the
students of Stanford, fhe Daily Palo
Alto feels compelled to once more
treat the matter. As stated last Tues
day in our editorial columns, we have
nothing further to say "in regard to
the merits of the controversy." We
now speak on a different aspect of the
subject, independently of the truth or
untruth of anything that has been
printed. And especially do we desire
it understood that we will endeavor,
for very apparent reasons, wholly and
completely to ignore that minor phase
of the discussion which has to do with
the Quadrangle Club and the eligibility
or ineligibility of certain members
thereof.
From the beginning the Daily Palo
Alto has urged specific accusations in
place of general denunciation and has
pleaded for proof in place of incon
clusive condemnation. We believe that
all the available evidence has now
been adduced by both sides, and indeed
that Mr. Miller's recent communica
tion added nothing to our previous
store. In the March "Sequoia" it was
strongly intimated that all the facts
had been given therein; similarly, the
"Bugs" on March 26 presented their
case presumably in its entirety. Of
what use is more wrangling? Mutual
accusations that the facts have been
juggled can continue without end. But
that will aid in the solution not at all.
The "Bugs" will never convince the
"Sequoia," and the "Sequoia" will
never convince the "Bugs." The un
dergraduates, as a whole, must render
the decision. Every student sufficient
ly interested to think upon the matter
has probably made up his mind as to
the right and wrong of the charges

and counter-charges. Why proceed
further? The evidence and arguments
have been heard. The contestants are
done with the case.
We reluctantly speak concerning the
controversy which has pervaded cer
tain factions of the Student Body. But
as a journal representative of the
students of Stanford, fhe Daily Palo
Alto feels compelled to once more
treat the matter. As stated last Tues
day in our editorial columns, we have
nothing further to say "in regard to
the merits of the controversy." We
now speak on a different aspect of the
subject, independently of the truth or
untruth of anything that has been
printed. And especially do we desire
it understood that we will endeavor,
for very apparent reasons, wholly and
completely to ignore that minor phase
of the discussion which has to do with
the Quadrangle Club and the eligibility
or ineligibility of certain members
thereof.
From the beginning the Daily Palo
Alto has urged specific accusations in
place of general denunciation and has
pleaded for proof in place of incon
clusive condemnation. We believe that
all the available evidence has now
been adduced by both sides, and indeed
that Mr. Miller's recent communica
tion added nothing to our previous
store. In the March "Sequoia" it was
strongly intimated that all the facts
had been given therein; similarly, the
"Bugs" on March 26 presented their
case presumably in its entirety. Of
what use is more wrangling? Mutual
accusations that the facts have been
juggled can continue without end. But
that will aid in the solution not at all.
The "Bugs" will never convince the
"Sequoia," and the "Sequoia" will
never convince the "Bugs." The un
dergraduates, as a whole, must render
the decision. Every student sufficient
ly interested to think upon the matter
has probably made up his mind as to
the right and wrong of the charges

and counter-charges. Why proceed
further? The evidence and arguments
have been heard. The contestants are
done with the case.
We reluctantly speak concerning the
controversy which has pervaded cer
tain factions of the Student Body. But
as a journal representative of the
students of Stanford, fhe Daily Palo
Alto feels compelled to once more
treat the matter. As stated last Tues
day in our editorial columns, we have
nothing further to say "in regard to
the merits of the controversy." We
now speak on a different aspect of the
subject, independently of the truth or
untruth of anything that has been
printed. And especially do we desire
it understood that we will endeavor,
for very apparent reasons, wholly and
completely to ignore that minor phase
of the discussion which has to do with
the Quadrangle Club and the eligibility
or ineligibility of certain members
thereof.
From the beginning the Daily Palo
Alto has urged specific accusations in
place of general denunciation and has
pleaded for proof in place of incon
clusive condemnation. We believe that
all the available evidence has now
been adduced by both sides, and indeed
that Mr. Miller's recent communica
tion added nothing to our previous
store. In the March "Sequoia" it was
strongly intimated that all the facts
had been given therein; similarly, the
"Bugs" on March 26 presented their
case presumably in its entirety. Of
what use is more wrangling? Mutual
accusations that the facts have been
juggled can continue without end. But
that will aid in the solution not at all.
The "Bugs" will never convince the
"Sequoia," and the "Sequoia" will
never convince the "Bugs." The un
dergraduates, as a whole, must render
the decision. Every student sufficient
ly interested to think upon the matter
has probably made up his mind as to
the right and wrong of the charges

and counter-charges. Why proceed
further? The evidence and arguments
have been heard. The contestants are
done with the case.
We reluctantly speak concerning the
controversy which has pervaded cer
tain factions of the Student Body. But
as a journal representative of the
students of Stanford, fhe Daily Palo
Alto feels compelled to once more
treat the matter. As stated last Tues
day in our editorial columns, we have
nothing further to say "in regard to
the merits of the controversy." We
now speak on a different aspect of the
subject, independently of the truth or
untruth of anything that has been
printed. And especially do we desire
it understood that we will endeavor,
for very apparent reasons, wholly and
completely to ignore that minor phase
of the discussion which has to do with
the Quadrangle Club and the eligibility
or ineligibility of certain members
thereof.
From the beginning the Daily Palo
Alto has urged specific accusations in
place of general denunciation and has
pleaded for proof in place of incon
clusive condemnation. We believe that
all the available evidence has now
been adduced by both sides, and indeed
that Mr. Miller's recent communica
tion added nothing to our previous
store. In the March "Sequoia" it was
strongly intimated that all the facts
had been given therein; similarly, the
"Bugs" on March 26 presented their
case presumably in its entirety. Of
what use is more wrangling? Mutual
accusations that the facts have been
juggled can continue without end. But
that will aid in the solution not at all.
The "Bugs" will never convince the
"Sequoia," and the "Sequoia" will
never convince the "Bugs." The un
dergraduates, as a whole, must render
the decision. Every student sufficient
ly interested to think upon the matter
has probably made up his mind as to
the right and wrong of the charges

and counter-charges. Why proceed
further? The evidence and arguments
have been heard. The contestants are
done with the case.
We reluctantly speak concerning the
controversy which has pervaded cer
tain factions of the Student Body. But
as a journal representative of the
students of Stanford, fhe Daily Palo
Alto feels compelled to once more
treat the matter. As stated last Tues
day in our editorial columns, we have
nothing further to say "in regard to
the merits of the controversy." We
now speak on a different aspect of the
subject, independently of the truth or
untruth of anything that has been
printed. And especially do we desire
it understood that we will endeavor,
for very apparent reasons, wholly and
completely to ignore that minor phase
of the discussion which has to do with
the Quadrangle Club and the eligibility
or ineligibility of certain members
thereof.
From the beginning the Daily Palo
Alto has urged specific accusations in
place of general denunciation and has
pleaded for proof in place of incon
clusive condemnation. We believe that
all the available evidence has now
been adduced by both sides, and indeed
that Mr. Miller's recent communica
tion added nothing to our previous
store. In the March "Sequoia" it was
strongly intimated that all the facts
had been given therein; similarly, the
"Bugs" on March 26 presented their
case presumably in its entirety. Of
what use is more wrangling? Mutual
accusations that the facts have been
juggled can continue without end. But
that will aid in the solution not at all.
The "Bugs" will never convince the
"Sequoia," and the "Sequoia" will
never convince the "Bugs." The un
dergraduates, as a whole, must render
the decision. Every student sufficient
ly interested to think upon the matter
has probably made up his mind as to
the right and wrong of the charges

and counter-charges. Why proceed
further? The evidence and arguments
have been heard. The contestants are
done with the case.
We reluctantly speak concerning the
controversy which has pervaded cer
tain factions of the Student Body. But
as a journal representative of the
students of Stanford, fhe Daily Palo
Alto feels compelled to once more
treat the matter. As stated last Tues
day in our editorial columns, we have
nothing further to say "in regard to
the merits of the controversy." We
now speak on a different aspect of the
subject, independently of the truth or
untruth of anything that has been
printed. And especially do we desire
it understood that we will endeavor,
for very apparent reasons, wholly and
completely to ignore that minor phase
of the discussion which has to do with
the Quadrangle Club and the eligibility
or ineligibility of certain members
thereof.
From the beginning the Daily Palo
Alto has urged specific accusations in
place of general denunciation and has
pleaded for proof in place of incon
clusive condemnation. We believe that
all the available evidence has now
been adduced by both sides, and indeed
that Mr. Miller's recent communica
tion added nothing to our previous
store. In the March "Sequoia" it was
strongly intimated that all the facts
had been given therein; similarly, the
"Bugs" on March 26 presented their
case presumably in its entirety. Of
what use is more wrangling? Mutual
accusations that the facts have been
juggled can continue without end. But
that will aid in the solution not at all.
The "Bugs" will never convince the
"Sequoia," and the "Sequoia" will
never convince the "Bugs." The un
dergraduates, as a whole, must render
the decision. Every student sufficient
ly interested to think upon the matter
has probably made up his mind as to
the right and wrong of the charges

and counter-charges. Why proceed
further? The evidence and arguments
have been heard. The contestants are
done with the case.
We reluctantly speak concerning the
controversy which has pervaded cer
tain factions of the Student Body. But
as a journal representative of the
students of Stanford, fhe Daily Palo
Alto feels compelled to once more
treat the matter. As stated last Tues
day in our editorial columns, we have
nothing further to say "in regard to
the merits of the controversy." We
now speak on a different aspect of the
subject, independently of the truth or
untruth of anything that has been
printed. And especially do we desire
it understood that we will endeavor,
for very apparent reasons, wholly and
completely to ignore that minor phase
of the discussion which has to do with
the Quadrangle Club and the eligibility
or ineligibility of certain members
thereof.
From the beginning the Daily Palo
Alto has urged specific accusations in
place of general denunciation and has
pleaded for proof in place of incon
clusive condemnation. We believe that
all the available evidence has now
been adduced by both sides, and indeed
that Mr. Miller's recent communica
tion added nothing to our previous
store. In the March "Sequoia" it was
strongly intimated that all the facts
had been given therein; similarly, the
"Bugs" on March 26 presented their
case presumably in its entirety. Of
what use is more wrangling? Mutual
accusations that the facts have been
juggled can continue without end. But
that will aid in the solution not at all.
The "Bugs" will never convince the
"Sequoia," and the "Sequoia" will
never convince the "Bugs." The un
dergraduates, as a whole, must render
the decision. Every student sufficient
ly interested to think upon the matter
has probably made up his mind as to
the right and wrong of the charges

and counter-charges. Why proceed
further? The evidence and arguments
have been heard. The contestants are
done with the case.
We reluctantly speak concerning the
controversy which has pervaded cer
tain factions of the Student Body. But
as a journal representative of the
students of Stanford, fhe Daily Palo
Alto feels compelled to once more
treat the matter. As stated last Tues
day in our editorial columns, we have
nothing further to say "in regard to
the merits of the controversy." We
now speak on a different aspect of the
subject, independently of the truth or
untruth of anything that has been
printed. And especially do we desire
it understood that we will endeavor,
for very apparent reasons, wholly and
completely to ignore that minor phase
of the discussion which has to do with
the Quadrangle Club and the eligibility
or ineligibility of certain members
thereof.
From the beginning the Daily Palo
Alto has urged specific accusations in
place of general denunciation and has
pleaded for proof in place of incon
clusive condemnation. We believe that
all the available evidence has now
been adduced by both sides, and indeed
that Mr. Miller's recent communica
tion added nothing to our previous
store. In the March "Sequoia" it was
strongly intimated that all the facts
had been given therein; similarly, the
"Bugs" on March 26 presented their
case presumably in its entirety. Of
what use is more wrangling? Mutual
accusations that the facts have been
juggled can continue without end. But
that will aid in the solution not at all.
The "Bugs" will never convince the
"Sequoia," and the "Sequoia" will
never convince the "Bugs." The un
dergraduates, as a whole, must render
the decision. Every student sufficient
ly interested to think upon the matter
has probably made up his mind as to
the right and wrong of the charges

and counter-charges. Why proceed
further? The evidence and arguments
have been heard. The contestants are
done with the case.
We reluctantly speak concerning the
controversy which has pervaded cer
tain factions of the Student Body. But
as a journal representative of the
students of Stanford, fhe Daily Palo
Alto feels compelled to once more
treat the matter. As stated last Tues
day in our editorial columns, we have
nothing further to say "in regard to
the merits of the controversy." We
now speak on a different aspect of the
subject, independently of the truth or
untruth of anything that has been
printed. And especially do we desire
it understood that we will endeavor,
for very apparent reasons, wholly and
completely to ignore that minor phase
of the discussion which has to do with
the Quadrangle Club and the eligibility
or ineligibility of certain members
thereof.
From the beginning the Daily Palo
Alto has urged specific accusations in
place of general denunciation and has
pleaded for proof in place of incon
clusive condemnation. We believe that
all the available evidence has now
been adduced by both sides, and indeed
that Mr. Miller's recent communica
tion added nothing to our previous
store. In the March "Sequoia" it was
strongly intimated that all the facts
had been given therein; similarly, the
"Bugs" on March 26 presented their
case presumably in its entirety. Of
what use is more wrangling? Mutual
accusations that the facts have been
juggled can continue without end. But
that will aid in the solution not at all.
The "Bugs" will never convince the
"Sequoia," and the "Sequoia" will
never convince the "Bugs." The un
dergraduates, as a whole, must render
the decision. Every student sufficient
ly interested to think upon the matter
has probably made up his mind as to
the right and wrong of the charges

and counter-charges. Why proceed
further? The evidence and arguments
have been heard. The contestants are
done with the case.
We reluctantly speak concerning the
controversy which has pervaded cer
tain factions of the Student Body. But
as a journal representative of the
students of Stanford, fhe Daily Palo
Alto feels compelled to once more
treat the matter. As stated last Tues
day in our editorial columns, we have
nothing further to say "in regard to
the merits of the controversy." We
now speak on a different aspect of the
subject, independently of the truth or
untruth of anything that has been
printed. And especially do we desire
it understood that we will endeavor,
for very apparent reasons, wholly and
completely to ignore that minor phase
of the discussion which has to do with
the Quadrangle Club and the eligibility
or ineligibility of certain members
thereof.
From the beginning the Daily Palo
Alto has urged specific accusations in
place of general denunciation and has
pleaded for proof in place of incon
clusive condemnation. We believe that
all the available evidence has now
been adduced by both sides, and indeed
that Mr. Miller's recent communica
tion added nothing to our previous
store. In the March "Sequoia" it was
strongly intimated that all the facts
had been given therein; similarly, the
"Bugs" on March 26 presented their
case presumably in its entirety. Of
what use is more wrangling? Mutual
accusations that the facts have been
juggled can continue without end. But
that will aid in the solution not at all.
The "Bugs" will never convince the
"Sequoia," and the "Sequoia" will
never convince the "Bugs." The un
dergraduates, as a whole, must render
the decision. Every student sufficient
ly interested to think upon the matter
has probably made up his mind as to
the right and wrong of the charges

and counter-charges. Why proceed
further? The evidence and arguments
have been heard. The contestants are
done with the case.
We reluctantly speak concerning the
controversy which has pervaded cer
tain factions of the Student Body. But
as a journal representative of the
students of Stanford, fhe Daily Palo
Alto feels compelled to once more
treat the matter. As stated last Tues
day in our editorial columns, we have
nothing further to say "in regard to
the merits of the controversy." We
now speak on a different aspect of the
subject, independently of the truth or
untruth of anything that has been
printed. And especially do we desire
it understood that we will endeavor,
for very apparent reasons, wholly and
completely to ignore that minor phase
of the discussion which has to do with
the Quadrangle Club and the eligibility
or ineligibility of certain members
thereof.
From the beginning the Daily Palo
Alto has urged specific accusations in
place of general denunciation and has
pleaded for proof in place of incon
clusive condemnation. We believe that
all the available evidence has now
been adduced by both sides, and indeed
that Mr. Miller's recent communica
tion added nothing to our previous
store. In the March "Sequoia" it was
strongly intimated that all the facts
had been given therein; similarly, the
"Bugs" on March 26 presented their
case presumably in its entirety. Of
what use is more wrangling? Mutual
accusations that the facts have been
juggled can continue without end. But
that will aid in the solution not at all.
The "Bugs" will never convince the
"Sequoia," and the "Sequoia" will
never convince the "Bugs." The un
dergraduates, as a whole, must render
the decision. Every student sufficient
ly interested to think upon the matter
has probably made up his mind as to
the right and wrong of the charges

and counter-charges. Why proceed
further? The evidence and arguments
have been heard. The contestants are
done with the case.
