# Hooks On Suffrage in Library.
## 
### 
The travelling library of books on
suffrage, which are sent out by the
National College Woman Suffrage
League, is at present in the reference
room of the University library for the
use of the public. The library is in
charge of the Stanford Chapter and
will be sent to the chapter at the Uni
versity of California in May. The
books include history, essays, poems,
plays, and novels and are especially
valuable since the Tntercollegiate de
bate is upon woman suffrage.
The travelling library of books on
suffrage, which are sent out by the
National College Woman Suffrage
League, is at present in the reference
room of the University library for the
use of the public. The library is in
charge of the Stanford Chapter and
will be sent to the chapter at the Uni
versity of California in May. The
books include history, essays, poems,
plays, and novels and are especially
valuable since the Tntercollegiate de
bate is upon woman suffrage.
The travelling library of books on
suffrage, which are sent out by the
National College Woman Suffrage
League, is at present in the reference
room of the University library for the
use of the public. The library is in
charge of the Stanford Chapter and
will be sent to the chapter at the Uni
versity of California in May. The
books include history, essays, poems,
plays, and novels and are especially
valuable since the Tntercollegiate de
bate is upon woman suffrage.
The travelling library of books on
suffrage, which are sent out by the
National College Woman Suffrage
League, is at present in the reference
room of the University library for the
use of the public. The library is in
charge of the Stanford Chapter and
will be sent to the chapter at the Uni
versity of California in May. The
books include history, essays, poems,
plays, and novels and are especially
valuable since the Tntercollegiate de
bate is upon woman suffrage.
The travelling library of books on
suffrage, which are sent out by the
National College Woman Suffrage
League, is at present in the reference
room of the University library for the
use of the public. The library is in
charge of the Stanford Chapter and
will be sent to the chapter at the Uni
versity of California in May. The
books include history, essays, poems,
plays, and novels and are especially
valuable since the Tntercollegiate de
bate is upon woman suffrage.
The travelling library of books on
suffrage, which are sent out by the
National College Woman Suffrage
League, is at present in the reference
room of the University library for the
use of the public. The library is in
charge of the Stanford Chapter and
will be sent to the chapter at the Uni
versity of California in May. The
books include history, essays, poems,
plays, and novels and are especially
valuable since the Tntercollegiate de
bate is upon woman suffrage.
The travelling library of books on
suffrage, which are sent out by the
National College Woman Suffrage
League, is at present in the reference
room of the University library for the
use of the public. The library is in
charge of the Stanford Chapter and
will be sent to the chapter at the Uni
versity of California in May. The
books include history, essays, poems,
plays, and novels and are especially
valuable since the Tntercollegiate de
bate is upon woman suffrage.
The travelling library of books on
suffrage, which are sent out by the
National College Woman Suffrage
League, is at present in the reference
room of the University library for the
use of the public. The library is in
charge of the Stanford Chapter and
will be sent to the chapter at the Uni
versity of California in May. The
books include history, essays, poems,
plays, and novels and are especially
valuable since the Tntercollegiate de
bate is upon woman suffrage.
The travelling library of books on
suffrage, which are sent out by the
National College Woman Suffrage
League, is at present in the reference
room of the University library for the
use of the public. The library is in
charge of the Stanford Chapter and
will be sent to the chapter at the Uni
versity of California in May. The
books include history, essays, poems,
plays, and novels and are especially
valuable since the Tntercollegiate de
bate is upon woman suffrage.
The travelling library of books on
suffrage, which are sent out by the
National College Woman Suffrage
League, is at present in the reference
room of the University library for the
use of the public. The library is in
charge of the Stanford Chapter and
will be sent to the chapter at the Uni
versity of California in May. The
books include history, essays, poems,
plays, and novels and are especially
valuable since the Tntercollegiate de
bate is upon woman suffrage.
The travelling library of books on
suffrage, which are sent out by the
National College Woman Suffrage
League, is at present in the reference
room of the University library for the
use of the public. The library is in
charge of the Stanford Chapter and
will be sent to the chapter at the Uni
versity of California in May. The
books include history, essays, poems,
plays, and novels and are especially
valuable since the Tntercollegiate de
bate is upon woman suffrage.
