# SANTA CLARA TO AGAIN OPPOSE STANFORD TEAM
## SAME NINES TO TAKE FIELD WITH REGULARS. Varsity to Meet Neighbors Tomorrow at 4:30-Maple and Halm to Pitch. 
### 
Santa Clara will oppose the Varsity
tomorrow afternoon in the second of a
six game series between these two
teams. '1 he first meeting of these
nines resulted in a 1 to 1 tie, thus al
lowing a series winner because of the
odd number of games yet to he played.
The visitors will bring practically
t lie same team as appeared here he
fore. Captain Zarick will play second,
Hogan third. Tramatulo short, Whelan
first. Fitzpatrick left, Ylbanando cen
ter, and Milburn right. Either Nino or
Voight will pitch with Ramage behind
the plate.
Captain Terry will again be seen at
short for the Cardinal, with Willimann
second and McCloskey third. Workman
first, and Argabrite, Cass and Beeger
in the outfield. Both Maple and Halm
will pitch with Dent on the receiving
end.
The game will be called at 4:30 with
the customary admissions to gain en
trance.
Santa Clara will oppose the Varsity
tomorrow afternoon in the second of a
six game series between these two
teams. '1 he first meeting of these
nines resulted in a 1 to 1 tie, thus al
lowing a series winner because of the
odd number of games yet to he played.
The visitors will bring practically
t lie same team as appeared here he
fore. Captain Zarick will play second,
Hogan third. Tramatulo short, Whelan
first. Fitzpatrick left, Ylbanando cen
ter, and Milburn right. Either Nino or
Voight will pitch with Ramage behind
the plate.
Captain Terry will again be seen at
short for the Cardinal, with Willimann
second and McCloskey third. Workman
first, and Argabrite, Cass and Beeger
in the outfield. Both Maple and Halm
will pitch with Dent on the receiving
end.
The game will be called at 4:30 with
the customary admissions to gain en
trance.
Santa Clara will oppose the Varsity
tomorrow afternoon in the second of a
six game series between these two
teams. '1 he first meeting of these
nines resulted in a 1 to 1 tie, thus al
lowing a series winner because of the
odd number of games yet to he played.
The visitors will bring practically
t lie same team as appeared here he
fore. Captain Zarick will play second,
Hogan third. Tramatulo short, Whelan
first. Fitzpatrick left, Ylbanando cen
ter, and Milburn right. Either Nino or
Voight will pitch with Ramage behind
the plate.
Captain Terry will again be seen at
short for the Cardinal, with Willimann
second and McCloskey third. Workman
first, and Argabrite, Cass and Beeger
in the outfield. Both Maple and Halm
will pitch with Dent on the receiving
end.
The game will be called at 4:30 with
the customary admissions to gain en
trance.
Santa Clara will oppose the Varsity
tomorrow afternoon in the second of a
six game series between these two
teams. '1 he first meeting of these
nines resulted in a 1 to 1 tie, thus al
lowing a series winner because of the
odd number of games yet to he played.
The visitors will bring practically
t lie same team as appeared here he
fore. Captain Zarick will play second,
Hogan third. Tramatulo short, Whelan
first. Fitzpatrick left, Ylbanando cen
ter, and Milburn right. Either Nino or
Voight will pitch with Ramage behind
the plate.
Captain Terry will again be seen at
short for the Cardinal, with Willimann
second and McCloskey third. Workman
first, and Argabrite, Cass and Beeger
in the outfield. Both Maple and Halm
will pitch with Dent on the receiving
end.
The game will be called at 4:30 with
the customary admissions to gain en
trance.
Santa Clara will oppose the Varsity
tomorrow afternoon in the second of a
six game series between these two
teams. '1 he first meeting of these
nines resulted in a 1 to 1 tie, thus al
lowing a series winner because of the
odd number of games yet to he played.
The visitors will bring practically
t lie same team as appeared here he
fore. Captain Zarick will play second,
Hogan third. Tramatulo short, Whelan
first. Fitzpatrick left, Ylbanando cen
ter, and Milburn right. Either Nino or
Voight will pitch with Ramage behind
the plate.
Captain Terry will again be seen at
short for the Cardinal, with Willimann
second and McCloskey third. Workman
first, and Argabrite, Cass and Beeger
in the outfield. Both Maple and Halm
will pitch with Dent on the receiving
end.
The game will be called at 4:30 with
the customary admissions to gain en
trance.
Santa Clara will oppose the Varsity
tomorrow afternoon in the second of a
six game series between these two
teams. '1 he first meeting of these
nines resulted in a 1 to 1 tie, thus al
lowing a series winner because of the
odd number of games yet to he played.
The visitors will bring practically
t lie same team as appeared here he
fore. Captain Zarick will play second,
Hogan third. Tramatulo short, Whelan
first. Fitzpatrick left, Ylbanando cen
ter, and Milburn right. Either Nino or
Voight will pitch with Ramage behind
the plate.
Captain Terry will again be seen at
short for the Cardinal, with Willimann
second and McCloskey third. Workman
first, and Argabrite, Cass and Beeger
in the outfield. Both Maple and Halm
will pitch with Dent on the receiving
end.
The game will be called at 4:30 with
the customary admissions to gain en
trance.
Santa Clara will oppose the Varsity
tomorrow afternoon in the second of a
six game series between these two
teams. '1 he first meeting of these
nines resulted in a 1 to 1 tie, thus al
lowing a series winner because of the
odd number of games yet to he played.
The visitors will bring practically
t lie same team as appeared here he
fore. Captain Zarick will play second,
Hogan third. Tramatulo short, Whelan
first. Fitzpatrick left, Ylbanando cen
ter, and Milburn right. Either Nino or
Voight will pitch with Ramage behind
the plate.
Captain Terry will again be seen at
short for the Cardinal, with Willimann
second and McCloskey third. Workman
first, and Argabrite, Cass and Beeger
in the outfield. Both Maple and Halm
will pitch with Dent on the receiving
end.
The game will be called at 4:30 with
the customary admissions to gain en
trance.
Santa Clara will oppose the Varsity
tomorrow afternoon in the second of a
six game series between these two
teams. '1 he first meeting of these
nines resulted in a 1 to 1 tie, thus al
lowing a series winner because of the
odd number of games yet to he played.
The visitors will bring practically
t lie same team as appeared here he
fore. Captain Zarick will play second,
Hogan third. Tramatulo short, Whelan
first. Fitzpatrick left, Ylbanando cen
ter, and Milburn right. Either Nino or
Voight will pitch with Ramage behind
the plate.
Captain Terry will again be seen at
short for the Cardinal, with Willimann
second and McCloskey third. Workman
first, and Argabrite, Cass and Beeger
in the outfield. Both Maple and Halm
will pitch with Dent on the receiving
end.
The game will be called at 4:30 with
the customary admissions to gain en
trance.
Santa Clara will oppose the Varsity
tomorrow afternoon in the second of a
six game series between these two
teams. '1 he first meeting of these
nines resulted in a 1 to 1 tie, thus al
lowing a series winner because of the
odd number of games yet to he played.
The visitors will bring practically
t lie same team as appeared here he
fore. Captain Zarick will play second,
Hogan third. Tramatulo short, Whelan
first. Fitzpatrick left, Ylbanando cen
ter, and Milburn right. Either Nino or
Voight will pitch with Ramage behind
the plate.
Captain Terry will again be seen at
short for the Cardinal, with Willimann
second and McCloskey third. Workman
first, and Argabrite, Cass and Beeger
in the outfield. Both Maple and Halm
will pitch with Dent on the receiving
end.
The game will be called at 4:30 with
the customary admissions to gain en
trance.
Santa Clara will oppose the Varsity
tomorrow afternoon in the second of a
six game series between these two
teams. '1 he first meeting of these
nines resulted in a 1 to 1 tie, thus al
lowing a series winner because of the
odd number of games yet to he played.
The visitors will bring practically
t lie same team as appeared here he
fore. Captain Zarick will play second,
Hogan third. Tramatulo short, Whelan
first. Fitzpatrick left, Ylbanando cen
ter, and Milburn right. Either Nino or
Voight will pitch with Ramage behind
the plate.
Captain Terry will again be seen at
short for the Cardinal, with Willimann
second and McCloskey third. Workman
first, and Argabrite, Cass and Beeger
in the outfield. Both Maple and Halm
will pitch with Dent on the receiving
end.
The game will be called at 4:30 with
the customary admissions to gain en
trance.
Santa Clara will oppose the Varsity
tomorrow afternoon in the second of a
six game series between these two
teams. '1 he first meeting of these
nines resulted in a 1 to 1 tie, thus al
lowing a series winner because of the
odd number of games yet to he played.
The visitors will bring practically
t lie same team as appeared here he
fore. Captain Zarick will play second,
Hogan third. Tramatulo short, Whelan
first. Fitzpatrick left, Ylbanando cen
ter, and Milburn right. Either Nino or
Voight will pitch with Ramage behind
the plate.
Captain Terry will again be seen at
short for the Cardinal, with Willimann
second and McCloskey third. Workman
first, and Argabrite, Cass and Beeger
in the outfield. Both Maple and Halm
will pitch with Dent on the receiving
end.
The game will be called at 4:30 with
the customary admissions to gain en
trance.
Santa Clara will oppose the Varsity
tomorrow afternoon in the second of a
six game series between these two
teams. '1 he first meeting of these
nines resulted in a 1 to 1 tie, thus al
lowing a series winner because of the
odd number of games yet to he played.
The visitors will bring practically
t lie same team as appeared here he
fore. Captain Zarick will play second,
Hogan third. Tramatulo short, Whelan
first. Fitzpatrick left, Ylbanando cen
ter, and Milburn right. Either Nino or
Voight will pitch with Ramage behind
the plate.
Captain Terry will again be seen at
short for the Cardinal, with Willimann
second and McCloskey third. Workman
first, and Argabrite, Cass and Beeger
in the outfield. Both Maple and Halm
will pitch with Dent on the receiving
end.
The game will be called at 4:30 with
the customary admissions to gain en
trance.
Santa Clara will oppose the Varsity
tomorrow afternoon in the second of a
six game series between these two
teams. '1 he first meeting of these
nines resulted in a 1 to 1 tie, thus al
lowing a series winner because of the
odd number of games yet to he played.
The visitors will bring practically
t lie same team as appeared here he
fore. Captain Zarick will play second,
Hogan third. Tramatulo short, Whelan
first. Fitzpatrick left, Ylbanando cen
ter, and Milburn right. Either Nino or
Voight will pitch with Ramage behind
the plate.
Captain Terry will again be seen at
short for the Cardinal, with Willimann
second and McCloskey third. Workman
first, and Argabrite, Cass and Beeger
in the outfield. Both Maple and Halm
will pitch with Dent on the receiving
end.
The game will be called at 4:30 with
the customary admissions to gain en
trance.
Santa Clara will oppose the Varsity
tomorrow afternoon in the second of a
six game series between these two
teams. '1 he first meeting of these
nines resulted in a 1 to 1 tie, thus al
lowing a series winner because of the
odd number of games yet to he played.
The visitors will bring practically
t lie same team as appeared here he
fore. Captain Zarick will play second,
Hogan third. Tramatulo short, Whelan
first. Fitzpatrick left, Ylbanando cen
ter, and Milburn right. Either Nino or
Voight will pitch with Ramage behind
the plate.
Captain Terry will again be seen at
short for the Cardinal, with Willimann
second and McCloskey third. Workman
first, and Argabrite, Cass and Beeger
in the outfield. Both Maple and Halm
will pitch with Dent on the receiving
end.
The game will be called at 4:30 with
the customary admissions to gain en
trance.
