# FIVE, TWO, AND ONE.
## 
### 
Berkeley Committee Sustains Man
ager Brownâ€”Field-Day Assured.
All differences between the two
universities relating to Saturday's
track events have been settled and
the Field-day is now a certainty.
When the news of the action taken
hy our student body reached Berke
ley yesterday afternoon it created
something of a sensation. It was
generally agreed that the Berkeley
committee could not settle the case
itself. Prof. Edwards, one of the
U. C. faculty athletic committee,
was away, leaving only two mem
bers, Prof. Bacon, chairman of the
committee, and Prof. Clapp, the
person selected as Stanford's repre
sentative* These two members tin
ally came to a decision of the mat
ter and sent the following telegram
to Prof. Angell:
"Prof,. Frank Angell, Palo Alto:
Edwards away. Clapp and I agree
bicycle race Velodrome Saturday 1
o'clock. Scoring 5, 2, and 1.
"Thomas 11. Bacon "
Berkeley is very well satisfied
with the settlement of the diffi
culties. Training will be con
tinued and every effort put forth to
win the contest. This little diffi
culty has only served to strengthen
the ardor of the contestants from
both universities. It has also
attracted more interest to the
Field-day from the outside than
could have been worked up in any
other way.
