# To the Field-Day.
## 
### 
The Field-day is to be held on
the grounds of the Olympic Club.
Take the Haight street cars on
Market street to Golden Gate Park.
The steam cars run from the en
trance of the park direct to the
grounds. The Velodrome track is
situated right near the Olympic
Club grounds. It is on Baker
street on the Haight street line.
The Debate will be held in
Metropolitan Temple on Fifth
street between Market and Mission.
The Field-day is to be held on
the grounds of the Olympic Club.
Take the Haight street cars on
Market street to Golden Gate Park.
The steam cars run from the en
trance of the park direct to the
grounds. The Velodrome track is
situated right near the Olympic
Club grounds. It is on Baker
street on the Haight street line.
The Debate will be held in
Metropolitan Temple on Fifth
street between Market and Mission.
The Field-day is to be held on
the grounds of the Olympic Club.
Take the Haight street cars on
Market street to Golden Gate Park.
The steam cars run from the en
trance of the park direct to the
grounds. The Velodrome track is
situated right near the Olympic
Club grounds. It is on Baker
street on the Haight street line.
The Debate will be held in
Metropolitan Temple on Fifth
street between Market and Mission.
The Field-day is to be held on
the grounds of the Olympic Club.
Take the Haight street cars on
Market street to Golden Gate Park.
The steam cars run from the en
trance of the park direct to the
grounds. The Velodrome track is
situated right near the Olympic
Club grounds. It is on Baker
street on the Haight street line.
The Debate will be held in
Metropolitan Temple on Fifth
street between Market and Mission.
The Field-day is to be held on
the grounds of the Olympic Club.
Take the Haight street cars on
Market street to Golden Gate Park.
The steam cars run from the en
trance of the park direct to the
grounds. The Velodrome track is
situated right near the Olympic
Club grounds. It is on Baker
street on the Haight street line.
The Debate will be held in
Metropolitan Temple on Fifth
street between Market and Mission.
