# Untitled Article
## 
### 
ROOKIE BALL
A much different Stanford baseball squad returns
from the runner-up national squad of last year to
mount another surge to the college World Series.
SPORTS/7

THE YEAR'S BEST
Intermission serves up a compilation of Stanford stu
dents top-five lists, recognizing the year's best in
movies and music.
INTERMISSION


ROOKIE BALL
A much different Stanford baseball squad returns
from the runner-up national squad of last year to
mount another surge to the college World Series.
SPORTS/7

THE YEAR'S BEST
Intermission serves up a compilation of Stanford stu
dents top-five lists, recognizing the year's best in
movies and music.
INTERMISSION


ROOKIE BALL
A much different Stanford baseball squad returns
from the runner-up national squad of last year to
mount another surge to the college World Series.
SPORTS/7

THE YEAR'S BEST
Intermission serves up a compilation of Stanford stu
dents top-five lists, recognizing the year's best in
movies and music.
INTERMISSION


ROOKIE BALL
A much different Stanford baseball squad returns
from the runner-up national squad of last year to
mount another surge to the college World Series.
SPORTS/7

THE YEAR'S BEST
Intermission serves up a compilation of Stanford stu
dents top-five lists, recognizing the year's best in
movies and music.
INTERMISSION


ROOKIE BALL
A much different Stanford baseball squad returns
from the runner-up national squad of last year to
mount another surge to the college World Series.
SPORTS/7

THE YEAR'S BEST
Intermission serves up a compilation of Stanford stu
dents top-five lists, recognizing the year's best in
movies and music.
INTERMISSION


ROOKIE BALL
A much different Stanford baseball squad returns
from the runner-up national squad of last year to
mount another surge to the college World Series.
SPORTS/7

THE YEAR'S BEST
Intermission serves up a compilation of Stanford stu
dents top-five lists, recognizing the year's best in
movies and music.
INTERMISSION


ROOKIE BALL
A much different Stanford baseball squad returns
from the runner-up national squad of last year to
mount another surge to the college World Series.
SPORTS/7

THE YEAR'S BEST
Intermission serves up a compilation of Stanford stu
dents top-five lists, recognizing the year's best in
movies and music.
INTERMISSION


