# Charity Drive Brings In Total Amount of $3,300
## 
### 
"Red" Cross, chairman of the Con
valescent Home Drive, reports that
according to latest figures, the total
amount collected in the drive is
$3,300, which is an increase of $1,500
over last year's sum. The totals are
as yet incomplete.
"Red" Cross, chairman of the Con
valescent Home Drive, reports that
according to latest figures, the total
amount collected in the drive is
$3,300, which is an increase of $1,500
over last year's sum. The totals are
as yet incomplete.
"Red" Cross, chairman of the Con
valescent Home Drive, reports that
according to latest figures, the total
amount collected in the drive is
$3,300, which is an increase of $1,500
over last year's sum. The totals are
as yet incomplete.
"Red" Cross, chairman of the Con
valescent Home Drive, reports that
according to latest figures, the total
amount collected in the drive is
$3,300, which is an increase of $1,500
over last year's sum. The totals are
as yet incomplete.
"Red" Cross, chairman of the Con
valescent Home Drive, reports that
according to latest figures, the total
amount collected in the drive is
$3,300, which is an increase of $1,500
over last year's sum. The totals are
as yet incomplete.
"Red" Cross, chairman of the Con
valescent Home Drive, reports that
according to latest figures, the total
amount collected in the drive is
$3,300, which is an increase of $1,500
over last year's sum. The totals are
as yet incomplete.
"Red" Cross, chairman of the Con
valescent Home Drive, reports that
according to latest figures, the total
amount collected in the drive is
$3,300, which is an increase of $1,500
over last year's sum. The totals are
as yet incomplete.
"Red" Cross, chairman of the Con
valescent Home Drive, reports that
according to latest figures, the total
amount collected in the drive is
$3,300, which is an increase of $1,500
over last year's sum. The totals are
as yet incomplete.
"Red" Cross, chairman of the Con
valescent Home Drive, reports that
according to latest figures, the total
amount collected in the drive is
$3,300, which is an increase of $1,500
over last year's sum. The totals are
as yet incomplete.
"Red" Cross, chairman of the Con
valescent Home Drive, reports that
according to latest figures, the total
amount collected in the drive is
$3,300, which is an increase of $1,500
over last year's sum. The totals are
as yet incomplete.
"Red" Cross, chairman of the Con
valescent Home Drive, reports that
according to latest figures, the total
amount collected in the drive is
$3,300, which is an increase of $1,500
over last year's sum. The totals are
as yet incomplete.
"Red" Cross, chairman of the Con
valescent Home Drive, reports that
according to latest figures, the total
amount collected in the drive is
$3,300, which is an increase of $1,500
over last year's sum. The totals are
as yet incomplete.
"Red" Cross, chairman of the Con
valescent Home Drive, reports that
according to latest figures, the total
amount collected in the drive is
$3,300, which is an increase of $1,500
over last year's sum. The totals are
as yet incomplete.
"Red" Cross, chairman of the Con
valescent Home Drive, reports that
according to latest figures, the total
amount collected in the drive is
$3,300, which is an increase of $1,500
over last year's sum. The totals are
as yet incomplete.
"Red" Cross, chairman of the Con
valescent Home Drive, reports that
according to latest figures, the total
amount collected in the drive is
$3,300, which is an increase of $1,500
over last year's sum. The totals are
as yet incomplete.
