# INSULL RETURNS TO AMERICA
## 
### 

Samuel Insull (left), brought back to the United States after a long exile
abroad where he was sought to face charges growing out of the collapse of
his giant utilities empire, is shown being greeted by his son, Samuel, Jr.
The two are shown aboard the cutter Hudson after Insull senior had been
transferred from the steamer Exilona. Both father and son will face charges
in Chicago. (Associated Press Photo)

Samuel Insull (left), brought back to the United States after a long exile
abroad where he was sought to face charges growing out of the collapse of
his giant utilities empire, is shown being greeted by his son, Samuel, Jr.
The two are shown aboard the cutter Hudson after Insull senior had been
transferred from the steamer Exilona. Both father and son will face charges
in Chicago. (Associated Press Photo)

Samuel Insull (left), brought back to the United States after a long exile
abroad where he was sought to face charges growing out of the collapse of
his giant utilities empire, is shown being greeted by his son, Samuel, Jr.
The two are shown aboard the cutter Hudson after Insull senior had been
transferred from the steamer Exilona. Both father and son will face charges
in Chicago. (Associated Press Photo)

Samuel Insull (left), brought back to the United States after a long exile
abroad where he was sought to face charges growing out of the collapse of
his giant utilities empire, is shown being greeted by his son, Samuel, Jr.
The two are shown aboard the cutter Hudson after Insull senior had been
transferred from the steamer Exilona. Both father and son will face charges
in Chicago. (Associated Press Photo)

Samuel Insull (left), brought back to the United States after a long exile
abroad where he was sought to face charges growing out of the collapse of
his giant utilities empire, is shown being greeted by his son, Samuel, Jr.
The two are shown aboard the cutter Hudson after Insull senior had been
transferred from the steamer Exilona. Both father and son will face charges
in Chicago. (Associated Press Photo)

Samuel Insull (left), brought back to the United States after a long exile
abroad where he was sought to face charges growing out of the collapse of
his giant utilities empire, is shown being greeted by his son, Samuel, Jr.
The two are shown aboard the cutter Hudson after Insull senior had been
transferred from the steamer Exilona. Both father and son will face charges
in Chicago. (Associated Press Photo)

Samuel Insull (left), brought back to the United States after a long exile
abroad where he was sought to face charges growing out of the collapse of
his giant utilities empire, is shown being greeted by his son, Samuel, Jr.
The two are shown aboard the cutter Hudson after Insull senior had been
transferred from the steamer Exilona. Both father and son will face charges
in Chicago. (Associated Press Photo)

Samuel Insull (left), brought back to the United States after a long exile
abroad where he was sought to face charges growing out of the collapse of
his giant utilities empire, is shown being greeted by his son, Samuel, Jr.
The two are shown aboard the cutter Hudson after Insull senior had been
transferred from the steamer Exilona. Both father and son will face charges
in Chicago. (Associated Press Photo)

Samuel Insull (left), brought back to the United States after a long exile
abroad where he was sought to face charges growing out of the collapse of
his giant utilities empire, is shown being greeted by his son, Samuel, Jr.
The two are shown aboard the cutter Hudson after Insull senior had been
transferred from the steamer Exilona. Both father and son will face charges
in Chicago. (Associated Press Photo)

Samuel Insull (left), brought back to the United States after a long exile
abroad where he was sought to face charges growing out of the collapse of
his giant utilities empire, is shown being greeted by his son, Samuel, Jr.
The two are shown aboard the cutter Hudson after Insull senior had been
transferred from the steamer Exilona. Both father and son will face charges
in Chicago. (Associated Press Photo)

Samuel Insull (left), brought back to the United States after a long exile
abroad where he was sought to face charges growing out of the collapse of
his giant utilities empire, is shown being greeted by his son, Samuel, Jr.
The two are shown aboard the cutter Hudson after Insull senior had been
transferred from the steamer Exilona. Both father and son will face charges
in Chicago. (Associated Press Photo)

Samuel Insull (left), brought back to the United States after a long exile
abroad where he was sought to face charges growing out of the collapse of
his giant utilities empire, is shown being greeted by his son, Samuel, Jr.
The two are shown aboard the cutter Hudson after Insull senior had been
transferred from the steamer Exilona. Both father and son will face charges
in Chicago. (Associated Press Photo)

Samuel Insull (left), brought back to the United States after a long exile
abroad where he was sought to face charges growing out of the collapse of
his giant utilities empire, is shown being greeted by his son, Samuel, Jr.
The two are shown aboard the cutter Hudson after Insull senior had been
transferred from the steamer Exilona. Both father and son will face charges
in Chicago. (Associated Press Photo)

Samuel Insull (left), brought back to the United States after a long exile
abroad where he was sought to face charges growing out of the collapse of
his giant utilities empire, is shown being greeted by his son, Samuel, Jr.
The two are shown aboard the cutter Hudson after Insull senior had been
transferred from the steamer Exilona. Both father and son will face charges
in Chicago. (Associated Press Photo)

Samuel Insull (left), brought back to the United States after a long exile
abroad where he was sought to face charges growing out of the collapse of
his giant utilities empire, is shown being greeted by his son, Samuel, Jr.
The two are shown aboard the cutter Hudson after Insull senior had been
transferred from the steamer Exilona. Both father and son will face charges
in Chicago. (Associated Press Photo)
