# TO ARRANGE FOR HOLIDAY.
## Committee Wants Students and Faculty to Co-operate on Leland Stanford Jr.'s Birthday. 
### 
President C. F. Laumeister, '07, of
the Associated Students, has ap
pointed a committee composed of S.
B. Thompson, '07, J. E. Cushing, '08,
and C. E. Sampson, '09, to confer
with Professor C. A. Duniway, chair
man of the faculty committee on Pub
lic Exercises, and arrange suitable
ceremonies for the celebration of the
anniversary of the birth of Leland
Stanford, Jr., which falls upon May
14. This action was taken last even
ing in the meeting of the Executive
Cojnmittee, on a suggestion from
Professor Max Farrand, of the cam
mittee on Public Exercises The idea
of the faculty committee is to have
the students of the University co
operate with them in the observant*?
of the holiday. Professor Farrand
stated tliis afternoon that it had been
the custom, in past years, to hold an
informal gathering in which both fac
ulty and students participated, but
that he did not know what plans Pro
fessor Duniway is now considering
The student committee will meet with
the faculty body sometime in the near
future.
President C. F. Laumeister, '07, of
the Associated Students, has ap
pointed a committee composed of S.
B. Thompson, '07, J. E. Cushing, '08,
and C. E. Sampson, '09, to confer
with Professor C. A. Duniway, chair
man of the faculty committee on Pub
lic Exercises, and arrange suitable
ceremonies for the celebration of the
anniversary of the birth of Leland
Stanford, Jr., which falls upon May
14. This action was taken last even
ing in the meeting of the Executive
Cojnmittee, on a suggestion from
Professor Max Farrand, of the cam
mittee on Public Exercises The idea
of the faculty committee is to have
the students of the University co
operate with them in the observant*?
of the holiday. Professor Farrand
stated tliis afternoon that it had been
the custom, in past years, to hold an
informal gathering in which both fac
ulty and students participated, but
that he did not know what plans Pro
fessor Duniway is now considering
The student committee will meet with
the faculty body sometime in the near
future.
President C. F. Laumeister, '07, of
the Associated Students, has ap
pointed a committee composed of S.
B. Thompson, '07, J. E. Cushing, '08,
and C. E. Sampson, '09, to confer
with Professor C. A. Duniway, chair
man of the faculty committee on Pub
lic Exercises, and arrange suitable
ceremonies for the celebration of the
anniversary of the birth of Leland
Stanford, Jr., which falls upon May
14. This action was taken last even
ing in the meeting of the Executive
Cojnmittee, on a suggestion from
Professor Max Farrand, of the cam
mittee on Public Exercises The idea
of the faculty committee is to have
the students of the University co
operate with them in the observant*?
of the holiday. Professor Farrand
stated tliis afternoon that it had been
the custom, in past years, to hold an
informal gathering in which both fac
ulty and students participated, but
that he did not know what plans Pro
fessor Duniway is now considering
The student committee will meet with
the faculty body sometime in the near
future.
President C. F. Laumeister, '07, of
the Associated Students, has ap
pointed a committee composed of S.
B. Thompson, '07, J. E. Cushing, '08,
and C. E. Sampson, '09, to confer
with Professor C. A. Duniway, chair
man of the faculty committee on Pub
lic Exercises, and arrange suitable
ceremonies for the celebration of the
anniversary of the birth of Leland
Stanford, Jr., which falls upon May
14. This action was taken last even
ing in the meeting of the Executive
Cojnmittee, on a suggestion from
Professor Max Farrand, of the cam
mittee on Public Exercises The idea
of the faculty committee is to have
the students of the University co
operate with them in the observant*?
of the holiday. Professor Farrand
stated tliis afternoon that it had been
the custom, in past years, to hold an
informal gathering in which both fac
ulty and students participated, but
that he did not know what plans Pro
fessor Duniway is now considering
The student committee will meet with
the faculty body sometime in the near
future.
President C. F. Laumeister, '07, of
the Associated Students, has ap
pointed a committee composed of S.
B. Thompson, '07, J. E. Cushing, '08,
and C. E. Sampson, '09, to confer
with Professor C. A. Duniway, chair
man of the faculty committee on Pub
lic Exercises, and arrange suitable
ceremonies for the celebration of the
anniversary of the birth of Leland
Stanford, Jr., which falls upon May
14. This action was taken last even
ing in the meeting of the Executive
Cojnmittee, on a suggestion from
Professor Max Farrand, of the cam
mittee on Public Exercises The idea
of the faculty committee is to have
the students of the University co
operate with them in the observant*?
of the holiday. Professor Farrand
stated tliis afternoon that it had been
the custom, in past years, to hold an
informal gathering in which both fac
ulty and students participated, but
that he did not know what plans Pro
fessor Duniway is now considering
The student committee will meet with
the faculty body sometime in the near
future.
President C. F. Laumeister, '07, of
the Associated Students, has ap
pointed a committee composed of S.
B. Thompson, '07, J. E. Cushing, '08,
and C. E. Sampson, '09, to confer
with Professor C. A. Duniway, chair
man of the faculty committee on Pub
lic Exercises, and arrange suitable
ceremonies for the celebration of the
anniversary of the birth of Leland
Stanford, Jr., which falls upon May
14. This action was taken last even
ing in the meeting of the Executive
Cojnmittee, on a suggestion from
Professor Max Farrand, of the cam
mittee on Public Exercises The idea
of the faculty committee is to have
the students of the University co
operate with them in the observant*?
of the holiday. Professor Farrand
stated tliis afternoon that it had been
the custom, in past years, to hold an
informal gathering in which both fac
ulty and students participated, but
that he did not know what plans Pro
fessor Duniway is now considering
The student committee will meet with
the faculty body sometime in the near
future.
President C. F. Laumeister, '07, of
the Associated Students, has ap
pointed a committee composed of S.
B. Thompson, '07, J. E. Cushing, '08,
and C. E. Sampson, '09, to confer
with Professor C. A. Duniway, chair
man of the faculty committee on Pub
lic Exercises, and arrange suitable
ceremonies for the celebration of the
anniversary of the birth of Leland
Stanford, Jr., which falls upon May
14. This action was taken last even
ing in the meeting of the Executive
Cojnmittee, on a suggestion from
Professor Max Farrand, of the cam
mittee on Public Exercises The idea
of the faculty committee is to have
the students of the University co
operate with them in the observant*?
of the holiday. Professor Farrand
stated tliis afternoon that it had been
the custom, in past years, to hold an
informal gathering in which both fac
ulty and students participated, but
that he did not know what plans Pro
fessor Duniway is now considering
The student committee will meet with
the faculty body sometime in the near
future.
President C. F. Laumeister, '07, of
the Associated Students, has ap
pointed a committee composed of S.
B. Thompson, '07, J. E. Cushing, '08,
and C. E. Sampson, '09, to confer
with Professor C. A. Duniway, chair
man of the faculty committee on Pub
lic Exercises, and arrange suitable
ceremonies for the celebration of the
anniversary of the birth of Leland
Stanford, Jr., which falls upon May
14. This action was taken last even
ing in the meeting of the Executive
Cojnmittee, on a suggestion from
Professor Max Farrand, of the cam
mittee on Public Exercises The idea
of the faculty committee is to have
the students of the University co
operate with them in the observant*?
of the holiday. Professor Farrand
stated tliis afternoon that it had been
the custom, in past years, to hold an
informal gathering in which both fac
ulty and students participated, but
that he did not know what plans Pro
fessor Duniway is now considering
The student committee will meet with
the faculty body sometime in the near
future.
President C. F. Laumeister, '07, of
the Associated Students, has ap
pointed a committee composed of S.
B. Thompson, '07, J. E. Cushing, '08,
and C. E. Sampson, '09, to confer
with Professor C. A. Duniway, chair
man of the faculty committee on Pub
lic Exercises, and arrange suitable
ceremonies for the celebration of the
anniversary of the birth of Leland
Stanford, Jr., which falls upon May
14. This action was taken last even
ing in the meeting of the Executive
Cojnmittee, on a suggestion from
Professor Max Farrand, of the cam
mittee on Public Exercises The idea
of the faculty committee is to have
the students of the University co
operate with them in the observant*?
of the holiday. Professor Farrand
stated tliis afternoon that it had been
the custom, in past years, to hold an
informal gathering in which both fac
ulty and students participated, but
that he did not know what plans Pro
fessor Duniway is now considering
The student committee will meet with
the faculty body sometime in the near
future.
