# FRESHMEN FISHED FROM MIDDLE OF LAGUNITA
## 
### 
Two freshmen, Clifford Powers and
Eeverell Slossom were rescued from
the waters of Lagunita Lake by Ray
Doughty, '23, this morning. The men,
who were in a canoe, both attempted
to change their paddles from one side
of the canoe to the other. The canoe
upturned and they were left in the
very middle of the lake. Doughty who
is assisting with the canoes at the
boat house, went out and managed to
get them both safely in his boat.
Two freshmen, Clifford Powers and
Eeverell Slossom were rescued from
the waters of Lagunita Lake by Ray
Doughty, '23, this morning. The men,
who were in a canoe, both attempted
to change their paddles from one side
of the canoe to the other. The canoe
upturned and they were left in the
very middle of the lake. Doughty who
is assisting with the canoes at the
boat house, went out and managed to
get them both safely in his boat.
Two freshmen, Clifford Powers and
Eeverell Slossom were rescued from
the waters of Lagunita Lake by Ray
Doughty, '23, this morning. The men,
who were in a canoe, both attempted
to change their paddles from one side
of the canoe to the other. The canoe
upturned and they were left in the
very middle of the lake. Doughty who
is assisting with the canoes at the
boat house, went out and managed to
get them both safely in his boat.
Two freshmen, Clifford Powers and
Eeverell Slossom were rescued from
the waters of Lagunita Lake by Ray
Doughty, '23, this morning. The men,
who were in a canoe, both attempted
to change their paddles from one side
of the canoe to the other. The canoe
upturned and they were left in the
very middle of the lake. Doughty who
is assisting with the canoes at the
boat house, went out and managed to
get them both safely in his boat.
Two freshmen, Clifford Powers and
Eeverell Slossom were rescued from
the waters of Lagunita Lake by Ray
Doughty, '23, this morning. The men,
who were in a canoe, both attempted
to change their paddles from one side
of the canoe to the other. The canoe
upturned and they were left in the
very middle of the lake. Doughty who
is assisting with the canoes at the
boat house, went out and managed to
get them both safely in his boat.
Two freshmen, Clifford Powers and
Eeverell Slossom were rescued from
the waters of Lagunita Lake by Ray
Doughty, '23, this morning. The men,
who were in a canoe, both attempted
to change their paddles from one side
of the canoe to the other. The canoe
upturned and they were left in the
very middle of the lake. Doughty who
is assisting with the canoes at the
boat house, went out and managed to
get them both safely in his boat.
Two freshmen, Clifford Powers and
Eeverell Slossom were rescued from
the waters of Lagunita Lake by Ray
Doughty, '23, this morning. The men,
who were in a canoe, both attempted
to change their paddles from one side
of the canoe to the other. The canoe
upturned and they were left in the
very middle of the lake. Doughty who
is assisting with the canoes at the
boat house, went out and managed to
get them both safely in his boat.
Two freshmen, Clifford Powers and
Eeverell Slossom were rescued from
the waters of Lagunita Lake by Ray
Doughty, '23, this morning. The men,
who were in a canoe, both attempted
to change their paddles from one side
of the canoe to the other. The canoe
upturned and they were left in the
very middle of the lake. Doughty who
is assisting with the canoes at the
boat house, went out and managed to
get them both safely in his boat.
Two freshmen, Clifford Powers and
Eeverell Slossom were rescued from
the waters of Lagunita Lake by Ray
Doughty, '23, this morning. The men,
who were in a canoe, both attempted
to change their paddles from one side
of the canoe to the other. The canoe
upturned and they were left in the
very middle of the lake. Doughty who
is assisting with the canoes at the
boat house, went out and managed to
get them both safely in his boat.
Two freshmen, Clifford Powers and
Eeverell Slossom were rescued from
the waters of Lagunita Lake by Ray
Doughty, '23, this morning. The men,
who were in a canoe, both attempted
to change their paddles from one side
of the canoe to the other. The canoe
upturned and they were left in the
very middle of the lake. Doughty who
is assisting with the canoes at the
boat house, went out and managed to
get them both safely in his boat.
Two freshmen, Clifford Powers and
Eeverell Slossom were rescued from
the waters of Lagunita Lake by Ray
Doughty, '23, this morning. The men,
who were in a canoe, both attempted
to change their paddles from one side
of the canoe to the other. The canoe
upturned and they were left in the
very middle of the lake. Doughty who
is assisting with the canoes at the
boat house, went out and managed to
get them both safely in his boat.
Two freshmen, Clifford Powers and
Eeverell Slossom were rescued from
the waters of Lagunita Lake by Ray
Doughty, '23, this morning. The men,
who were in a canoe, both attempted
to change their paddles from one side
of the canoe to the other. The canoe
upturned and they were left in the
very middle of the lake. Doughty who
is assisting with the canoes at the
boat house, went out and managed to
get them both safely in his boat.
Two freshmen, Clifford Powers and
Eeverell Slossom were rescued from
the waters of Lagunita Lake by Ray
Doughty, '23, this morning. The men,
who were in a canoe, both attempted
to change their paddles from one side
of the canoe to the other. The canoe
upturned and they were left in the
very middle of the lake. Doughty who
is assisting with the canoes at the
boat house, went out and managed to
get them both safely in his boat.
Two freshmen, Clifford Powers and
Eeverell Slossom were rescued from
the waters of Lagunita Lake by Ray
Doughty, '23, this morning. The men,
who were in a canoe, both attempted
to change their paddles from one side
of the canoe to the other. The canoe
upturned and they were left in the
very middle of the lake. Doughty who
is assisting with the canoes at the
boat house, went out and managed to
get them both safely in his boat.
