# Graduate Women Arrange Picnic Dinner at Lake
## 
### 
Instead of the regular Graduate Wo
men's tea on Tuesday afternoon, thgre
will be a picnic at 5:30 on the shores
of Lake Lagunita. Miss Yost and a
number of staff members will be
guests of honor.
The eats will be taken care of, but
each graduate woman who plans to
attend the picnic should either notify
Miss Esther Brown or Henrietta Wah
lenmaier before Monday evening. All
graduate women and their friends are
invited to attend.
Instead of the regular Graduate Wo
men's tea on Tuesday afternoon, thgre
will be a picnic at 5:30 on the shores
of Lake Lagunita. Miss Yost and a
number of staff members will be
guests of honor.
The eats will be taken care of, but
each graduate woman who plans to
attend the picnic should either notify
Miss Esther Brown or Henrietta Wah
lenmaier before Monday evening. All
graduate women and their friends are
invited to attend.
Instead of the regular Graduate Wo
men's tea on Tuesday afternoon, thgre
will be a picnic at 5:30 on the shores
of Lake Lagunita. Miss Yost and a
number of staff members will be
guests of honor.
The eats will be taken care of, but
each graduate woman who plans to
attend the picnic should either notify
Miss Esther Brown or Henrietta Wah
lenmaier before Monday evening. All
graduate women and their friends are
invited to attend.
Instead of the regular Graduate Wo
men's tea on Tuesday afternoon, thgre
will be a picnic at 5:30 on the shores
of Lake Lagunita. Miss Yost and a
number of staff members will be
guests of honor.
The eats will be taken care of, but
each graduate woman who plans to
attend the picnic should either notify
Miss Esther Brown or Henrietta Wah
lenmaier before Monday evening. All
graduate women and their friends are
invited to attend.
Instead of the regular Graduate Wo
men's tea on Tuesday afternoon, thgre
will be a picnic at 5:30 on the shores
of Lake Lagunita. Miss Yost and a
number of staff members will be
guests of honor.
The eats will be taken care of, but
each graduate woman who plans to
attend the picnic should either notify
Miss Esther Brown or Henrietta Wah
lenmaier before Monday evening. All
graduate women and their friends are
invited to attend.
Instead of the regular Graduate Wo
men's tea on Tuesday afternoon, thgre
will be a picnic at 5:30 on the shores
of Lake Lagunita. Miss Yost and a
number of staff members will be
guests of honor.
The eats will be taken care of, but
each graduate woman who plans to
attend the picnic should either notify
Miss Esther Brown or Henrietta Wah
lenmaier before Monday evening. All
graduate women and their friends are
invited to attend.
Instead of the regular Graduate Wo
men's tea on Tuesday afternoon, thgre
will be a picnic at 5:30 on the shores
of Lake Lagunita. Miss Yost and a
number of staff members will be
guests of honor.
The eats will be taken care of, but
each graduate woman who plans to
attend the picnic should either notify
Miss Esther Brown or Henrietta Wah
lenmaier before Monday evening. All
graduate women and their friends are
invited to attend.
Instead of the regular Graduate Wo
men's tea on Tuesday afternoon, thgre
will be a picnic at 5:30 on the shores
of Lake Lagunita. Miss Yost and a
number of staff members will be
guests of honor.
The eats will be taken care of, but
each graduate woman who plans to
attend the picnic should either notify
Miss Esther Brown or Henrietta Wah
lenmaier before Monday evening. All
graduate women and their friends are
invited to attend.
Instead of the regular Graduate Wo
men's tea on Tuesday afternoon, thgre
will be a picnic at 5:30 on the shores
of Lake Lagunita. Miss Yost and a
number of staff members will be
guests of honor.
The eats will be taken care of, but
each graduate woman who plans to
attend the picnic should either notify
Miss Esther Brown or Henrietta Wah
lenmaier before Monday evening. All
graduate women and their friends are
invited to attend.
Instead of the regular Graduate Wo
men's tea on Tuesday afternoon, thgre
will be a picnic at 5:30 on the shores
of Lake Lagunita. Miss Yost and a
number of staff members will be
guests of honor.
The eats will be taken care of, but
each graduate woman who plans to
attend the picnic should either notify
Miss Esther Brown or Henrietta Wah
lenmaier before Monday evening. All
graduate women and their friends are
invited to attend.
Instead of the regular Graduate Wo
men's tea on Tuesday afternoon, thgre
will be a picnic at 5:30 on the shores
of Lake Lagunita. Miss Yost and a
number of staff members will be
guests of honor.
The eats will be taken care of, but
each graduate woman who plans to
attend the picnic should either notify
Miss Esther Brown or Henrietta Wah
lenmaier before Monday evening. All
graduate women and their friends are
invited to attend.
Instead of the regular Graduate Wo
men's tea on Tuesday afternoon, thgre
will be a picnic at 5:30 on the shores
of Lake Lagunita. Miss Yost and a
number of staff members will be
guests of honor.
The eats will be taken care of, but
each graduate woman who plans to
attend the picnic should either notify
Miss Esther Brown or Henrietta Wah
lenmaier before Monday evening. All
graduate women and their friends are
invited to attend.
Instead of the regular Graduate Wo
men's tea on Tuesday afternoon, thgre
will be a picnic at 5:30 on the shores
of Lake Lagunita. Miss Yost and a
number of staff members will be
guests of honor.
The eats will be taken care of, but
each graduate woman who plans to
attend the picnic should either notify
Miss Esther Brown or Henrietta Wah
lenmaier before Monday evening. All
graduate women and their friends are
invited to attend.
Instead of the regular Graduate Wo
men's tea on Tuesday afternoon, thgre
will be a picnic at 5:30 on the shores
of Lake Lagunita. Miss Yost and a
number of staff members will be
guests of honor.
The eats will be taken care of, but
each graduate woman who plans to
attend the picnic should either notify
Miss Esther Brown or Henrietta Wah
lenmaier before Monday evening. All
graduate women and their friends are
invited to attend.
Instead of the regular Graduate Wo
men's tea on Tuesday afternoon, thgre
will be a picnic at 5:30 on the shores
of Lake Lagunita. Miss Yost and a
number of staff members will be
guests of honor.
The eats will be taken care of, but
each graduate woman who plans to
attend the picnic should either notify
Miss Esther Brown or Henrietta Wah
lenmaier before Monday evening. All
graduate women and their friends are
invited to attend.
