# PROFESSOR ADAMS TELLS ABOUT WAR BOOK COLLECTION
## Speaker Relates Experiences While Gathering Books in Europe 
### 
Stanford's war history collection was
fully explained last night by Profes
sor E. D. Adams of the History de
partment, in an address at the Little
Theater. Professor Adams recently
returned from Europe where he had
been for a year collecting pamphlets
and other historical data concerning
the war.
When all the shipments of books
are received here, Stanford will pos
sess a war collection exceeded by no
other library in the country with the
exception of the Congressional Library
at Washington. Because of Herbert
Hoover's great interest in the work
and his letters of recommendation,
Professor Adams said he had little
difficulty in gathering most of the
material.
"All over Europe and particularly in
the allied countries," said Processor
Adams, "Hoover's name and letters
were enough to give me free choice of
nearly anything I wanted from the
governments."
The Stanford collection will repre
sent publications of seventy govern
ments and their claims at peace
conference. Most of the data con
sists of pamphlets issued either by
the state departments or by societies
in the various nations. Professor
Adams had the good fortune, to secure
many copies of French and Belgian
newspapers that were issued in those
parts held by the Germans. These
papers were suppressed but appeared
regularly nevertheless and the Ger
mans were never able to locate wher.e
they were issued.
"The collection, as yet, is only in
its beginning," said Professor Adams.
"Every day we are receiving, bills of
shipment from all over the world
it will be several years before the
data is completely compiled."
Stanford's war history collection was
fully explained last night by Profes
sor E. D. Adams of the History de
partment, in an address at the Little
Theater. Professor Adams recently
returned from Europe where he had
been for a year collecting pamphlets
and other historical data concerning
the war.
When all the shipments of books
are received here, Stanford will pos
sess a war collection exceeded by no
other library in the country with the
exception of the Congressional Library
at Washington. Because of Herbert
Hoover's great interest in the work
and his letters of recommendation,
Professor Adams said he had little
difficulty in gathering most of the
material.
"All over Europe and particularly in
the allied countries," said Processor
Adams, "Hoover's name and letters
were enough to give me free choice of
nearly anything I wanted from the
governments."
The Stanford collection will repre
sent publications of seventy govern
ments and their claims at peace
conference. Most of the data con
sists of pamphlets issued either by
the state departments or by societies
in the various nations. Professor
Adams had the good fortune, to secure
many copies of French and Belgian
newspapers that were issued in those
parts held by the Germans. These
papers were suppressed but appeared
regularly nevertheless and the Ger
mans were never able to locate wher.e
they were issued.
"The collection, as yet, is only in
its beginning," said Professor Adams.
"Every day we are receiving, bills of
shipment from all over the world
it will be several years before the
data is completely compiled."
Stanford's war history collection was
fully explained last night by Profes
sor E. D. Adams of the History de
partment, in an address at the Little
Theater. Professor Adams recently
returned from Europe where he had
been for a year collecting pamphlets
and other historical data concerning
the war.
When all the shipments of books
are received here, Stanford will pos
sess a war collection exceeded by no
other library in the country with the
exception of the Congressional Library
at Washington. Because of Herbert
Hoover's great interest in the work
and his letters of recommendation,
Professor Adams said he had little
difficulty in gathering most of the
material.
"All over Europe and particularly in
the allied countries," said Processor
Adams, "Hoover's name and letters
were enough to give me free choice of
nearly anything I wanted from the
governments."
The Stanford collection will repre
sent publications of seventy govern
ments and their claims at peace
conference. Most of the data con
sists of pamphlets issued either by
the state departments or by societies
in the various nations. Professor
Adams had the good fortune, to secure
many copies of French and Belgian
newspapers that were issued in those
parts held by the Germans. These
papers were suppressed but appeared
regularly nevertheless and the Ger
mans were never able to locate wher.e
they were issued.
"The collection, as yet, is only in
its beginning," said Professor Adams.
"Every day we are receiving, bills of
shipment from all over the world
it will be several years before the
data is completely compiled."
Stanford's war history collection was
fully explained last night by Profes
sor E. D. Adams of the History de
partment, in an address at the Little
Theater. Professor Adams recently
returned from Europe where he had
been for a year collecting pamphlets
and other historical data concerning
the war.
When all the shipments of books
are received here, Stanford will pos
sess a war collection exceeded by no
other library in the country with the
exception of the Congressional Library
at Washington. Because of Herbert
Hoover's great interest in the work
and his letters of recommendation,
Professor Adams said he had little
difficulty in gathering most of the
material.
"All over Europe and particularly in
the allied countries," said Processor
Adams, "Hoover's name and letters
were enough to give me free choice of
nearly anything I wanted from the
governments."
The Stanford collection will repre
sent publications of seventy govern
ments and their claims at peace
conference. Most of the data con
sists of pamphlets issued either by
the state departments or by societies
in the various nations. Professor
Adams had the good fortune, to secure
many copies of French and Belgian
newspapers that were issued in those
parts held by the Germans. These
papers were suppressed but appeared
regularly nevertheless and the Ger
mans were never able to locate wher.e
they were issued.
"The collection, as yet, is only in
its beginning," said Professor Adams.
"Every day we are receiving, bills of
shipment from all over the world
it will be several years before the
data is completely compiled."
Stanford's war history collection was
fully explained last night by Profes
sor E. D. Adams of the History de
partment, in an address at the Little
Theater. Professor Adams recently
returned from Europe where he had
been for a year collecting pamphlets
and other historical data concerning
the war.
When all the shipments of books
are received here, Stanford will pos
sess a war collection exceeded by no
other library in the country with the
exception of the Congressional Library
at Washington. Because of Herbert
Hoover's great interest in the work
and his letters of recommendation,
Professor Adams said he had little
difficulty in gathering most of the
material.
"All over Europe and particularly in
the allied countries," said Processor
Adams, "Hoover's name and letters
were enough to give me free choice of
nearly anything I wanted from the
governments."
The Stanford collection will repre
sent publications of seventy govern
ments and their claims at peace
conference. Most of the data con
sists of pamphlets issued either by
the state departments or by societies
in the various nations. Professor
Adams had the good fortune, to secure
many copies of French and Belgian
newspapers that were issued in those
parts held by the Germans. These
papers were suppressed but appeared
regularly nevertheless and the Ger
mans were never able to locate wher.e
they were issued.
"The collection, as yet, is only in
its beginning," said Professor Adams.
"Every day we are receiving, bills of
shipment from all over the world
it will be several years before the
data is completely compiled."
Stanford's war history collection was
fully explained last night by Profes
sor E. D. Adams of the History de
partment, in an address at the Little
Theater. Professor Adams recently
returned from Europe where he had
been for a year collecting pamphlets
and other historical data concerning
the war.
When all the shipments of books
are received here, Stanford will pos
sess a war collection exceeded by no
other library in the country with the
exception of the Congressional Library
at Washington. Because of Herbert
Hoover's great interest in the work
and his letters of recommendation,
Professor Adams said he had little
difficulty in gathering most of the
material.
"All over Europe and particularly in
the allied countries," said Processor
Adams, "Hoover's name and letters
were enough to give me free choice of
nearly anything I wanted from the
governments."
The Stanford collection will repre
sent publications of seventy govern
ments and their claims at peace
conference. Most of the data con
sists of pamphlets issued either by
the state departments or by societies
in the various nations. Professor
Adams had the good fortune, to secure
many copies of French and Belgian
newspapers that were issued in those
parts held by the Germans. These
papers were suppressed but appeared
regularly nevertheless and the Ger
mans were never able to locate wher.e
they were issued.
"The collection, as yet, is only in
its beginning," said Professor Adams.
"Every day we are receiving, bills of
shipment from all over the world
it will be several years before the
data is completely compiled."
Stanford's war history collection was
fully explained last night by Profes
sor E. D. Adams of the History de
partment, in an address at the Little
Theater. Professor Adams recently
returned from Europe where he had
been for a year collecting pamphlets
and other historical data concerning
the war.
When all the shipments of books
are received here, Stanford will pos
sess a war collection exceeded by no
other library in the country with the
exception of the Congressional Library
at Washington. Because of Herbert
Hoover's great interest in the work
and his letters of recommendation,
Professor Adams said he had little
difficulty in gathering most of the
material.
"All over Europe and particularly in
the allied countries," said Processor
Adams, "Hoover's name and letters
were enough to give me free choice of
nearly anything I wanted from the
governments."
The Stanford collection will repre
sent publications of seventy govern
ments and their claims at peace
conference. Most of the data con
sists of pamphlets issued either by
the state departments or by societies
in the various nations. Professor
Adams had the good fortune, to secure
many copies of French and Belgian
newspapers that were issued in those
parts held by the Germans. These
papers were suppressed but appeared
regularly nevertheless and the Ger
mans were never able to locate wher.e
they were issued.
"The collection, as yet, is only in
its beginning," said Professor Adams.
"Every day we are receiving, bills of
shipment from all over the world
it will be several years before the
data is completely compiled."
Stanford's war history collection was
fully explained last night by Profes
sor E. D. Adams of the History de
partment, in an address at the Little
Theater. Professor Adams recently
returned from Europe where he had
been for a year collecting pamphlets
and other historical data concerning
the war.
When all the shipments of books
are received here, Stanford will pos
sess a war collection exceeded by no
other library in the country with the
exception of the Congressional Library
at Washington. Because of Herbert
Hoover's great interest in the work
and his letters of recommendation,
Professor Adams said he had little
difficulty in gathering most of the
material.
"All over Europe and particularly in
the allied countries," said Processor
Adams, "Hoover's name and letters
were enough to give me free choice of
nearly anything I wanted from the
governments."
The Stanford collection will repre
sent publications of seventy govern
ments and their claims at peace
conference. Most of the data con
sists of pamphlets issued either by
the state departments or by societies
in the various nations. Professor
Adams had the good fortune, to secure
many copies of French and Belgian
newspapers that were issued in those
parts held by the Germans. These
papers were suppressed but appeared
regularly nevertheless and the Ger
mans were never able to locate wher.e
they were issued.
"The collection, as yet, is only in
its beginning," said Professor Adams.
"Every day we are receiving, bills of
shipment from all over the world
it will be several years before the
data is completely compiled."
Stanford's war history collection was
fully explained last night by Profes
sor E. D. Adams of the History de
partment, in an address at the Little
Theater. Professor Adams recently
returned from Europe where he had
been for a year collecting pamphlets
and other historical data concerning
the war.
When all the shipments of books
are received here, Stanford will pos
sess a war collection exceeded by no
other library in the country with the
exception of the Congressional Library
at Washington. Because of Herbert
Hoover's great interest in the work
and his letters of recommendation,
Professor Adams said he had little
difficulty in gathering most of the
material.
"All over Europe and particularly in
the allied countries," said Processor
Adams, "Hoover's name and letters
were enough to give me free choice of
nearly anything I wanted from the
governments."
The Stanford collection will repre
sent publications of seventy govern
ments and their claims at peace
conference. Most of the data con
sists of pamphlets issued either by
the state departments or by societies
in the various nations. Professor
Adams had the good fortune, to secure
many copies of French and Belgian
newspapers that were issued in those
parts held by the Germans. These
papers were suppressed but appeared
regularly nevertheless and the Ger
mans were never able to locate wher.e
they were issued.
"The collection, as yet, is only in
its beginning," said Professor Adams.
"Every day we are receiving, bills of
shipment from all over the world
it will be several years before the
data is completely compiled."
Stanford's war history collection was
fully explained last night by Profes
sor E. D. Adams of the History de
partment, in an address at the Little
Theater. Professor Adams recently
returned from Europe where he had
been for a year collecting pamphlets
and other historical data concerning
the war.
When all the shipments of books
are received here, Stanford will pos
sess a war collection exceeded by no
other library in the country with the
exception of the Congressional Library
at Washington. Because of Herbert
Hoover's great interest in the work
and his letters of recommendation,
Professor Adams said he had little
difficulty in gathering most of the
material.
"All over Europe and particularly in
the allied countries," said Processor
Adams, "Hoover's name and letters
were enough to give me free choice of
nearly anything I wanted from the
governments."
The Stanford collection will repre
sent publications of seventy govern
ments and their claims at peace
conference. Most of the data con
sists of pamphlets issued either by
the state departments or by societies
in the various nations. Professor
Adams had the good fortune, to secure
many copies of French and Belgian
newspapers that were issued in those
parts held by the Germans. These
papers were suppressed but appeared
regularly nevertheless and the Ger
mans were never able to locate wher.e
they were issued.
"The collection, as yet, is only in
its beginning," said Professor Adams.
"Every day we are receiving, bills of
shipment from all over the world
it will be several years before the
data is completely compiled."
Stanford's war history collection was
fully explained last night by Profes
sor E. D. Adams of the History de
partment, in an address at the Little
Theater. Professor Adams recently
returned from Europe where he had
been for a year collecting pamphlets
and other historical data concerning
the war.
When all the shipments of books
are received here, Stanford will pos
sess a war collection exceeded by no
other library in the country with the
exception of the Congressional Library
at Washington. Because of Herbert
Hoover's great interest in the work
and his letters of recommendation,
Professor Adams said he had little
difficulty in gathering most of the
material.
"All over Europe and particularly in
the allied countries," said Processor
Adams, "Hoover's name and letters
were enough to give me free choice of
nearly anything I wanted from the
governments."
The Stanford collection will repre
sent publications of seventy govern
ments and their claims at peace
conference. Most of the data con
sists of pamphlets issued either by
the state departments or by societies
in the various nations. Professor
Adams had the good fortune, to secure
many copies of French and Belgian
newspapers that were issued in those
parts held by the Germans. These
papers were suppressed but appeared
regularly nevertheless and the Ger
mans were never able to locate wher.e
they were issued.
"The collection, as yet, is only in
its beginning," said Professor Adams.
"Every day we are receiving, bills of
shipment from all over the world
it will be several years before the
data is completely compiled."
Stanford's war history collection was
fully explained last night by Profes
sor E. D. Adams of the History de
partment, in an address at the Little
Theater. Professor Adams recently
returned from Europe where he had
been for a year collecting pamphlets
and other historical data concerning
the war.
When all the shipments of books
are received here, Stanford will pos
sess a war collection exceeded by no
other library in the country with the
exception of the Congressional Library
at Washington. Because of Herbert
Hoover's great interest in the work
and his letters of recommendation,
Professor Adams said he had little
difficulty in gathering most of the
material.
"All over Europe and particularly in
the allied countries," said Processor
Adams, "Hoover's name and letters
were enough to give me free choice of
nearly anything I wanted from the
governments."
The Stanford collection will repre
sent publications of seventy govern
ments and their claims at peace
conference. Most of the data con
sists of pamphlets issued either by
the state departments or by societies
in the various nations. Professor
Adams had the good fortune, to secure
many copies of French and Belgian
newspapers that were issued in those
parts held by the Germans. These
papers were suppressed but appeared
regularly nevertheless and the Ger
mans were never able to locate wher.e
they were issued.
"The collection, as yet, is only in
its beginning," said Professor Adams.
"Every day we are receiving, bills of
shipment from all over the world
it will be several years before the
data is completely compiled."
