# Wherein Roth Proves Resource As a Junk-Man
## 
### 
Comptroller A. E. Roth is having a
wall built around the Corporation
Yard out of the bricks that he helped
to scrape while working his way
through Stanford, following the earth
quake of 1906.
The bricks that are being used are
from the library and gymnasium which
were wrecked by the great shake. In
clearing away the debris an effort was
made to salvage as much of the un
damaged material as possible. Every
whole brick was scraped clear of
mortar and made ready for use else
where. Roth was one of the many
students who worked at the task of
refurbishing them.
Learning, upon his return to the
University in the capacity of Comp
troller, that the bricks were still un
used. and being confronted by the
problem of consolidating all the loose
properties of the "Farm" within one
small area, he devised the plan of a
brick wall around the Corporation
Yard. The wall is now in process of
construction.
