# BOARD PUTS BAN ON SUNDAY TENNIS AND GOLF MATCHES
## 
### 
The Advisory Committee rejected the
request of the Board of Athletic Control
to allow Stanford to play ten
nis and golf on Sundays. The board
submitted the request on account of the
handicap they have of playing the
various club teams on the Peninsula
during the week.
Dr. Browne received the following
communication from the Advisory Com
mittee:
"I have received a letter from the
chairman of the Advisory Board, ad
dressed to Dr. Wilbur, which reads as
follows:
" 'In response to your request of Janu
ary 31st for an expression of the attitude
of the Advisory Board c&ncerning the
proposed policy of permitting the play
ing on Sundays of extramural, but not
intercollegiate contests in tennis and
golf, the Board desires unanimously to
express its opinion that it would be un
wise to permit Sunday scheduled con
tests, in which individuals or teams
should represent the University, or use
the University name. In our judgment,
the University owes this amount of def
erence to feelings regarding Sunday
observance entertained by a large and
highly respected body of our fellow citi
zens.' "
The Advisory Committee rejected the
request of the Board of Athletic Control
to allow Stanford to play ten
nis and golf on Sundays. The board
submitted the request on account of the
handicap they have of playing the
various club teams on the Peninsula
during the week.
Dr. Browne received the following
communication from the Advisory Com
mittee:
"I have received a letter from the
chairman of the Advisory Board, ad
dressed to Dr. Wilbur, which reads as
follows:
" 'In response to your request of Janu
ary 31st for an expression of the attitude
of the Advisory Board c&ncerning the
proposed policy of permitting the play
ing on Sundays of extramural, but not
intercollegiate contests in tennis and
golf, the Board desires unanimously to
express its opinion that it would be un
wise to permit Sunday scheduled con
tests, in which individuals or teams
should represent the University, or use
the University name. In our judgment,
the University owes this amount of def
erence to feelings regarding Sunday
observance entertained by a large and
highly respected body of our fellow citi
zens.' "
The Advisory Committee rejected the
request of the Board of Athletic Control
to allow Stanford to play ten
nis and golf on Sundays. The board
submitted the request on account of the
handicap they have of playing the
various club teams on the Peninsula
during the week.
Dr. Browne received the following
communication from the Advisory Com
mittee:
"I have received a letter from the
chairman of the Advisory Board, ad
dressed to Dr. Wilbur, which reads as
follows:
" 'In response to your request of Janu
ary 31st for an expression of the attitude
of the Advisory Board c&ncerning the
proposed policy of permitting the play
ing on Sundays of extramural, but not
intercollegiate contests in tennis and
golf, the Board desires unanimously to
express its opinion that it would be un
wise to permit Sunday scheduled con
tests, in which individuals or teams
should represent the University, or use
the University name. In our judgment,
the University owes this amount of def
erence to feelings regarding Sunday
observance entertained by a large and
highly respected body of our fellow citi
zens.' "
The Advisory Committee rejected the
request of the Board of Athletic Control
to allow Stanford to play ten
nis and golf on Sundays. The board
submitted the request on account of the
handicap they have of playing the
various club teams on the Peninsula
during the week.
Dr. Browne received the following
communication from the Advisory Com
mittee:
"I have received a letter from the
chairman of the Advisory Board, ad
dressed to Dr. Wilbur, which reads as
follows:
" 'In response to your request of Janu
ary 31st for an expression of the attitude
of the Advisory Board c&ncerning the
proposed policy of permitting the play
ing on Sundays of extramural, but not
intercollegiate contests in tennis and
golf, the Board desires unanimously to
express its opinion that it would be un
wise to permit Sunday scheduled con
tests, in which individuals or teams
should represent the University, or use
the University name. In our judgment,
the University owes this amount of def
erence to feelings regarding Sunday
observance entertained by a large and
highly respected body of our fellow citi
zens.' "
The Advisory Committee rejected the
request of the Board of Athletic Control
to allow Stanford to play ten
nis and golf on Sundays. The board
submitted the request on account of the
handicap they have of playing the
various club teams on the Peninsula
during the week.
Dr. Browne received the following
communication from the Advisory Com
mittee:
"I have received a letter from the
chairman of the Advisory Board, ad
dressed to Dr. Wilbur, which reads as
follows:
" 'In response to your request of Janu
ary 31st for an expression of the attitude
of the Advisory Board c&ncerning the
proposed policy of permitting the play
ing on Sundays of extramural, but not
intercollegiate contests in tennis and
golf, the Board desires unanimously to
express its opinion that it would be un
wise to permit Sunday scheduled con
tests, in which individuals or teams
should represent the University, or use
the University name. In our judgment,
the University owes this amount of def
erence to feelings regarding Sunday
observance entertained by a large and
highly respected body of our fellow citi
zens.' "
The Advisory Committee rejected the
request of the Board of Athletic Control
to allow Stanford to play ten
nis and golf on Sundays. The board
submitted the request on account of the
handicap they have of playing the
various club teams on the Peninsula
during the week.
Dr. Browne received the following
communication from the Advisory Com
mittee:
"I have received a letter from the
chairman of the Advisory Board, ad
dressed to Dr. Wilbur, which reads as
follows:
" 'In response to your request of Janu
ary 31st for an expression of the attitude
of the Advisory Board c&ncerning the
proposed policy of permitting the play
ing on Sundays of extramural, but not
intercollegiate contests in tennis and
golf, the Board desires unanimously to
express its opinion that it would be un
wise to permit Sunday scheduled con
tests, in which individuals or teams
should represent the University, or use
the University name. In our judgment,
the University owes this amount of def
erence to feelings regarding Sunday
observance entertained by a large and
highly respected body of our fellow citi
zens.' "
The Advisory Committee rejected the
request of the Board of Athletic Control
to allow Stanford to play ten
nis and golf on Sundays. The board
submitted the request on account of the
handicap they have of playing the
various club teams on the Peninsula
during the week.
Dr. Browne received the following
communication from the Advisory Com
mittee:
"I have received a letter from the
chairman of the Advisory Board, ad
dressed to Dr. Wilbur, which reads as
follows:
" 'In response to your request of Janu
ary 31st for an expression of the attitude
of the Advisory Board c&ncerning the
proposed policy of permitting the play
ing on Sundays of extramural, but not
intercollegiate contests in tennis and
golf, the Board desires unanimously to
express its opinion that it would be un
wise to permit Sunday scheduled con
tests, in which individuals or teams
should represent the University, or use
the University name. In our judgment,
the University owes this amount of def
erence to feelings regarding Sunday
observance entertained by a large and
highly respected body of our fellow citi
zens.' "
The Advisory Committee rejected the
request of the Board of Athletic Control
to allow Stanford to play ten
nis and golf on Sundays. The board
submitted the request on account of the
handicap they have of playing the
various club teams on the Peninsula
during the week.
Dr. Browne received the following
communication from the Advisory Com
mittee:
"I have received a letter from the
chairman of the Advisory Board, ad
dressed to Dr. Wilbur, which reads as
follows:
" 'In response to your request of Janu
ary 31st for an expression of the attitude
of the Advisory Board c&ncerning the
proposed policy of permitting the play
ing on Sundays of extramural, but not
intercollegiate contests in tennis and
golf, the Board desires unanimously to
express its opinion that it would be un
wise to permit Sunday scheduled con
tests, in which individuals or teams
should represent the University, or use
the University name. In our judgment,
the University owes this amount of def
erence to feelings regarding Sunday
observance entertained by a large and
highly respected body of our fellow citi
zens.' "
The Advisory Committee rejected the
request of the Board of Athletic Control
to allow Stanford to play ten
nis and golf on Sundays. The board
submitted the request on account of the
handicap they have of playing the
various club teams on the Peninsula
during the week.
Dr. Browne received the following
communication from the Advisory Com
mittee:
"I have received a letter from the
chairman of the Advisory Board, ad
dressed to Dr. Wilbur, which reads as
follows:
" 'In response to your request of Janu
ary 31st for an expression of the attitude
of the Advisory Board c&ncerning the
proposed policy of permitting the play
ing on Sundays of extramural, but not
intercollegiate contests in tennis and
golf, the Board desires unanimously to
express its opinion that it would be un
wise to permit Sunday scheduled con
tests, in which individuals or teams
should represent the University, or use
the University name. In our judgment,
the University owes this amount of def
erence to feelings regarding Sunday
observance entertained by a large and
highly respected body of our fellow citi
zens.' "
The Advisory Committee rejected the
request of the Board of Athletic Control
to allow Stanford to play ten
nis and golf on Sundays. The board
submitted the request on account of the
handicap they have of playing the
various club teams on the Peninsula
during the week.
Dr. Browne received the following
communication from the Advisory Com
mittee:
"I have received a letter from the
chairman of the Advisory Board, ad
dressed to Dr. Wilbur, which reads as
follows:
" 'In response to your request of Janu
ary 31st for an expression of the attitude
of the Advisory Board c&ncerning the
proposed policy of permitting the play
ing on Sundays of extramural, but not
intercollegiate contests in tennis and
golf, the Board desires unanimously to
express its opinion that it would be un
wise to permit Sunday scheduled con
tests, in which individuals or teams
should represent the University, or use
the University name. In our judgment,
the University owes this amount of def
erence to feelings regarding Sunday
observance entertained by a large and
highly respected body of our fellow citi
zens.' "
The Advisory Committee rejected the
request of the Board of Athletic Control
to allow Stanford to play ten
nis and golf on Sundays. The board
submitted the request on account of the
handicap they have of playing the
various club teams on the Peninsula
during the week.
Dr. Browne received the following
communication from the Advisory Com
mittee:
"I have received a letter from the
chairman of the Advisory Board, ad
dressed to Dr. Wilbur, which reads as
follows:
" 'In response to your request of Janu
ary 31st for an expression of the attitude
of the Advisory Board c&ncerning the
proposed policy of permitting the play
ing on Sundays of extramural, but not
intercollegiate contests in tennis and
golf, the Board desires unanimously to
express its opinion that it would be un
wise to permit Sunday scheduled con
tests, in which individuals or teams
should represent the University, or use
the University name. In our judgment,
the University owes this amount of def
erence to feelings regarding Sunday
observance entertained by a large and
highly respected body of our fellow citi
zens.' "
The Advisory Committee rejected the
request of the Board of Athletic Control
to allow Stanford to play ten
nis and golf on Sundays. The board
submitted the request on account of the
handicap they have of playing the
various club teams on the Peninsula
during the week.
Dr. Browne received the following
communication from the Advisory Com
mittee:
"I have received a letter from the
chairman of the Advisory Board, ad
dressed to Dr. Wilbur, which reads as
follows:
" 'In response to your request of Janu
ary 31st for an expression of the attitude
of the Advisory Board c&ncerning the
proposed policy of permitting the play
ing on Sundays of extramural, but not
intercollegiate contests in tennis and
golf, the Board desires unanimously to
express its opinion that it would be un
wise to permit Sunday scheduled con
tests, in which individuals or teams
should represent the University, or use
the University name. In our judgment,
the University owes this amount of def
erence to feelings regarding Sunday
observance entertained by a large and
highly respected body of our fellow citi
zens.' "
