# NESTORIA WILL PLAN BANQUET AT MEETING
## 
### 
Nestoria Debating Society will meet
at 7 p. m„ tonight in Room 11 of the
Law Building. The society will sit
as a nominating convention for the
purpose of familiarizing the members
with parliamentary practices as set
forth in Roberts' "Rules of Order."
Plans will be discussed for the end
quarter banquet to be held Thursday,
March 18th, at which officers for the
Spring quarter are to be elected.
Nestoria Debating Society will meet
at 7 p. m„ tonight in Room 11 of the
Law Building. The society will sit
as a nominating convention for the
purpose of familiarizing the members
with parliamentary practices as set
forth in Roberts' "Rules of Order."
Plans will be discussed for the end
quarter banquet to be held Thursday,
March 18th, at which officers for the
Spring quarter are to be elected.
Nestoria Debating Society will meet
at 7 p. m„ tonight in Room 11 of the
Law Building. The society will sit
as a nominating convention for the
purpose of familiarizing the members
with parliamentary practices as set
forth in Roberts' "Rules of Order."
Plans will be discussed for the end
quarter banquet to be held Thursday,
March 18th, at which officers for the
Spring quarter are to be elected.
Nestoria Debating Society will meet
at 7 p. m„ tonight in Room 11 of the
Law Building. The society will sit
as a nominating convention for the
purpose of familiarizing the members
with parliamentary practices as set
forth in Roberts' "Rules of Order."
Plans will be discussed for the end
quarter banquet to be held Thursday,
March 18th, at which officers for the
Spring quarter are to be elected.
Nestoria Debating Society will meet
at 7 p. m„ tonight in Room 11 of the
Law Building. The society will sit
as a nominating convention for the
purpose of familiarizing the members
with parliamentary practices as set
forth in Roberts' "Rules of Order."
Plans will be discussed for the end
quarter banquet to be held Thursday,
March 18th, at which officers for the
Spring quarter are to be elected.
Nestoria Debating Society will meet
at 7 p. m„ tonight in Room 11 of the
Law Building. The society will sit
as a nominating convention for the
purpose of familiarizing the members
with parliamentary practices as set
forth in Roberts' "Rules of Order."
Plans will be discussed for the end
quarter banquet to be held Thursday,
March 18th, at which officers for the
Spring quarter are to be elected.
Nestoria Debating Society will meet
at 7 p. m„ tonight in Room 11 of the
Law Building. The society will sit
as a nominating convention for the
purpose of familiarizing the members
with parliamentary practices as set
forth in Roberts' "Rules of Order."
Plans will be discussed for the end
quarter banquet to be held Thursday,
March 18th, at which officers for the
Spring quarter are to be elected.
Nestoria Debating Society will meet
at 7 p. m„ tonight in Room 11 of the
Law Building. The society will sit
as a nominating convention for the
purpose of familiarizing the members
with parliamentary practices as set
forth in Roberts' "Rules of Order."
Plans will be discussed for the end
quarter banquet to be held Thursday,
March 18th, at which officers for the
Spring quarter are to be elected.
Nestoria Debating Society will meet
at 7 p. m„ tonight in Room 11 of the
Law Building. The society will sit
as a nominating convention for the
purpose of familiarizing the members
with parliamentary practices as set
forth in Roberts' "Rules of Order."
Plans will be discussed for the end
quarter banquet to be held Thursday,
March 18th, at which officers for the
Spring quarter are to be elected.
Nestoria Debating Society will meet
at 7 p. m„ tonight in Room 11 of the
Law Building. The society will sit
as a nominating convention for the
purpose of familiarizing the members
with parliamentary practices as set
forth in Roberts' "Rules of Order."
Plans will be discussed for the end
quarter banquet to be held Thursday,
March 18th, at which officers for the
Spring quarter are to be elected.
Nestoria Debating Society will meet
at 7 p. m„ tonight in Room 11 of the
Law Building. The society will sit
as a nominating convention for the
purpose of familiarizing the members
with parliamentary practices as set
forth in Roberts' "Rules of Order."
Plans will be discussed for the end
quarter banquet to be held Thursday,
March 18th, at which officers for the
Spring quarter are to be elected.
Nestoria Debating Society will meet
at 7 p. m„ tonight in Room 11 of the
Law Building. The society will sit
as a nominating convention for the
purpose of familiarizing the members
with parliamentary practices as set
forth in Roberts' "Rules of Order."
Plans will be discussed for the end
quarter banquet to be held Thursday,
March 18th, at which officers for the
Spring quarter are to be elected.
