# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Pan-American Union estimates
that there are in the United States,
5,000 Latin-American students, of
whom 2,500 are in colleges and uni
versities.
The Pan-American Union estimates
that there are in the United States,
5,000 Latin-American students, of
whom 2,500 are in colleges and uni
versities.
The Pan-American Union estimates
that there are in the United States,
5,000 Latin-American students, of
whom 2,500 are in colleges and uni
versities.
The Pan-American Union estimates
that there are in the United States,
5,000 Latin-American students, of
whom 2,500 are in colleges and uni
versities.
The Pan-American Union estimates
that there are in the United States,
5,000 Latin-American students, of
whom 2,500 are in colleges and uni
versities.
The Pan-American Union estimates
that there are in the United States,
5,000 Latin-American students, of
whom 2,500 are in colleges and uni
versities.
The Pan-American Union estimates
that there are in the United States,
5,000 Latin-American students, of
whom 2,500 are in colleges and uni
versities.
The Pan-American Union estimates
that there are in the United States,
5,000 Latin-American students, of
whom 2,500 are in colleges and uni
versities.
The Pan-American Union estimates
that there are in the United States,
5,000 Latin-American students, of
whom 2,500 are in colleges and uni
versities.
The Pan-American Union estimates
that there are in the United States,
5,000 Latin-American students, of
whom 2,500 are in colleges and uni
versities.
The Pan-American Union estimates
that there are in the United States,
5,000 Latin-American students, of
whom 2,500 are in colleges and uni
versities.
The Pan-American Union estimates
that there are in the United States,
5,000 Latin-American students, of
whom 2,500 are in colleges and uni
versities.
