# Improvements at Gateway.
## 
### 
The new gate in course of con
struction at the main entrance of
the University is to be further im
proved by the addition of long rub
ble masonry walls which will con
nect the ends of the colonnades of
the gate arch with the county road.
On the west side the wall, which
will be four feet high, will make a
graceful sweep of some two hundred
feet, connecting with the road about
a hundred feet from the University
entrance. On the east side the wall
will run in a more direct line, with
a length of forty feet. These im
provements do away with the un
sightly wooden fence. It is planned
to make the same changes at the
private entrance to Mrs. Stanford's
residence.
