# Greek Play Postponed.
## 
### 
Official announcement has been
received from the University of Cal
ifornia to the effect that the produc
tion of the Greek drama, the "Ajax"
of Sophocles, has been postponed
from Thursday afternoon until Sat
urday morning at 10 o'clock. The
postponement is due to the severe
illness of Miss Mabel May Barrows,
who haß been superintending the
rehearsals for the last nine weeks
and who was to take the part of
Tecumessa, wife of Ajax. Someone
else will have to be coached to take
her place.
The prices of seats will be fifty
cents for general admission, or sev
enty-five cents for reserved seats.
An auxiliary committee of repre
sentative men and women have
been appointed who will lend their
heart} 7 cooperation to the produc
tion. Stanford is represented on
this committee by President David
Starr Jordan, Professor H. R. Fair
clough of the Latin department,
and Professor A. T. Murray of the
Greek department.
Official announcement has been
received from the University of Cal
ifornia to the effect that the produc
tion of the Greek drama, the "Ajax"
of Sophocles, has been postponed
from Thursday afternoon until Sat
urday morning at 10 o'clock. The
postponement is due to the severe
illness of Miss Mabel May Barrows,
who haß been superintending the
rehearsals for the last nine weeks
and who was to take the part of
Tecumessa, wife of Ajax. Someone
else will have to be coached to take
her place.
The prices of seats will be fifty
cents for general admission, or sev
enty-five cents for reserved seats.
An auxiliary committee of repre
sentative men and women have
been appointed who will lend their
heart} 7 cooperation to the produc
tion. Stanford is represented on
this committee by President David
Starr Jordan, Professor H. R. Fair
clough of the Latin department,
and Professor A. T. Murray of the
Greek department.
Official announcement has been
received from the University of Cal
ifornia to the effect that the produc
tion of the Greek drama, the "Ajax"
of Sophocles, has been postponed
from Thursday afternoon until Sat
urday morning at 10 o'clock. The
postponement is due to the severe
illness of Miss Mabel May Barrows,
who haß been superintending the
rehearsals for the last nine weeks
and who was to take the part of
Tecumessa, wife of Ajax. Someone
else will have to be coached to take
her place.
The prices of seats will be fifty
cents for general admission, or sev
enty-five cents for reserved seats.
An auxiliary committee of repre
sentative men and women have
been appointed who will lend their
heart} 7 cooperation to the produc
tion. Stanford is represented on
this committee by President David
Starr Jordan, Professor H. R. Fair
clough of the Latin department,
and Professor A. T. Murray of the
Greek department.
Official announcement has been
received from the University of Cal
ifornia to the effect that the produc
tion of the Greek drama, the "Ajax"
of Sophocles, has been postponed
from Thursday afternoon until Sat
urday morning at 10 o'clock. The
postponement is due to the severe
illness of Miss Mabel May Barrows,
who haß been superintending the
rehearsals for the last nine weeks
and who was to take the part of
Tecumessa, wife of Ajax. Someone
else will have to be coached to take
her place.
The prices of seats will be fifty
cents for general admission, or sev
enty-five cents for reserved seats.
An auxiliary committee of repre
sentative men and women have
been appointed who will lend their
heart} 7 cooperation to the produc
tion. Stanford is represented on
this committee by President David
Starr Jordan, Professor H. R. Fair
clough of the Latin department,
and Professor A. T. Murray of the
Greek department.
Official announcement has been
received from the University of Cal
ifornia to the effect that the produc
tion of the Greek drama, the "Ajax"
of Sophocles, has been postponed
from Thursday afternoon until Sat
urday morning at 10 o'clock. The
postponement is due to the severe
illness of Miss Mabel May Barrows,
who haß been superintending the
rehearsals for the last nine weeks
and who was to take the part of
Tecumessa, wife of Ajax. Someone
else will have to be coached to take
her place.
The prices of seats will be fifty
cents for general admission, or sev
enty-five cents for reserved seats.
An auxiliary committee of repre
sentative men and women have
been appointed who will lend their
heart} 7 cooperation to the produc
tion. Stanford is represented on
this committee by President David
Starr Jordan, Professor H. R. Fair
clough of the Latin department,
and Professor A. T. Murray of the
Greek department.
Official announcement has been
received from the University of Cal
ifornia to the effect that the produc
tion of the Greek drama, the "Ajax"
of Sophocles, has been postponed
from Thursday afternoon until Sat
urday morning at 10 o'clock. The
postponement is due to the severe
illness of Miss Mabel May Barrows,
who haß been superintending the
rehearsals for the last nine weeks
and who was to take the part of
Tecumessa, wife of Ajax. Someone
else will have to be coached to take
her place.
The prices of seats will be fifty
cents for general admission, or sev
enty-five cents for reserved seats.
An auxiliary committee of repre
sentative men and women have
been appointed who will lend their
heart} 7 cooperation to the produc
tion. Stanford is represented on
this committee by President David
Starr Jordan, Professor H. R. Fair
clough of the Latin department,
and Professor A. T. Murray of the
Greek department.
Official announcement has been
received from the University of Cal
ifornia to the effect that the produc
tion of the Greek drama, the "Ajax"
of Sophocles, has been postponed
from Thursday afternoon until Sat
urday morning at 10 o'clock. The
postponement is due to the severe
illness of Miss Mabel May Barrows,
who haß been superintending the
rehearsals for the last nine weeks
and who was to take the part of
Tecumessa, wife of Ajax. Someone
else will have to be coached to take
her place.
The prices of seats will be fifty
cents for general admission, or sev
enty-five cents for reserved seats.
An auxiliary committee of repre
sentative men and women have
been appointed who will lend their
heart} 7 cooperation to the produc
tion. Stanford is represented on
this committee by President David
Starr Jordan, Professor H. R. Fair
clough of the Latin department,
and Professor A. T. Murray of the
Greek department.
Official announcement has been
received from the University of Cal
ifornia to the effect that the produc
tion of the Greek drama, the "Ajax"
of Sophocles, has been postponed
from Thursday afternoon until Sat
urday morning at 10 o'clock. The
postponement is due to the severe
illness of Miss Mabel May Barrows,
who haß been superintending the
rehearsals for the last nine weeks
and who was to take the part of
Tecumessa, wife of Ajax. Someone
else will have to be coached to take
her place.
The prices of seats will be fifty
cents for general admission, or sev
enty-five cents for reserved seats.
An auxiliary committee of repre
sentative men and women have
been appointed who will lend their
heart} 7 cooperation to the produc
tion. Stanford is represented on
this committee by President David
Starr Jordan, Professor H. R. Fair
clough of the Latin department,
and Professor A. T. Murray of the
Greek department.
