# Untitled Article
## 
### 
To-morrow night the Freshman
football team will be given an en
thusiastic rally. That our first
year representatives may face Cali
fornia with a spirit of determina
tion to win the coming contest, let
us all get out and do what we can
to encourage them. We want the
Freshmen to realize that the whole
University is behind them,and that
they are expected to bring home a
victory. This impression must be
given to them to-morrow night,
and a thoroughly successful rally
held in honor of their team will do
it. A first-rate program has been
arranged, and all that is necessary
to accomplish the purpose of the
celebration is a large and enthusi
astic crowd.
To-morrow night the Freshman
football team will be given an en
thusiastic rally. That our first
year representatives may face Cali
fornia with a spirit of determina
tion to win the coming contest, let
us all get out and do what we can
to encourage them. We want the
Freshmen to realize that the whole
University is behind them,and that
they are expected to bring home a
victory. This impression must be
given to them to-morrow night,
and a thoroughly successful rally
held in honor of their team will do
it. A first-rate program has been
arranged, and all that is necessary
to accomplish the purpose of the
celebration is a large and enthusi
astic crowd.
To-morrow night the Freshman
football team will be given an en
thusiastic rally. That our first
year representatives may face Cali
fornia with a spirit of determina
tion to win the coming contest, let
us all get out and do what we can
to encourage them. We want the
Freshmen to realize that the whole
University is behind them,and that
they are expected to bring home a
victory. This impression must be
given to them to-morrow night,
and a thoroughly successful rally
held in honor of their team will do
it. A first-rate program has been
arranged, and all that is necessary
to accomplish the purpose of the
celebration is a large and enthusi
astic crowd.
To-morrow night the Freshman
football team will be given an en
thusiastic rally. That our first
year representatives may face Cali
fornia with a spirit of determina
tion to win the coming contest, let
us all get out and do what we can
to encourage them. We want the
Freshmen to realize that the whole
University is behind them,and that
they are expected to bring home a
victory. This impression must be
given to them to-morrow night,
and a thoroughly successful rally
held in honor of their team will do
it. A first-rate program has been
arranged, and all that is necessary
to accomplish the purpose of the
celebration is a large and enthusi
astic crowd.
To-morrow night the Freshman
football team will be given an en
thusiastic rally. That our first
year representatives may face Cali
fornia with a spirit of determina
tion to win the coming contest, let
us all get out and do what we can
to encourage them. We want the
Freshmen to realize that the whole
University is behind them,and that
they are expected to bring home a
victory. This impression must be
given to them to-morrow night,
and a thoroughly successful rally
held in honor of their team will do
it. A first-rate program has been
arranged, and all that is necessary
to accomplish the purpose of the
celebration is a large and enthusi
astic crowd.
To-morrow night the Freshman
football team will be given an en
thusiastic rally. That our first
year representatives may face Cali
fornia with a spirit of determina
tion to win the coming contest, let
us all get out and do what we can
to encourage them. We want the
Freshmen to realize that the whole
University is behind them,and that
they are expected to bring home a
victory. This impression must be
given to them to-morrow night,
and a thoroughly successful rally
held in honor of their team will do
it. A first-rate program has been
arranged, and all that is necessary
to accomplish the purpose of the
celebration is a large and enthusi
astic crowd.
To-morrow night the Freshman
football team will be given an en
thusiastic rally. That our first
year representatives may face Cali
fornia with a spirit of determina
tion to win the coming contest, let
us all get out and do what we can
to encourage them. We want the
Freshmen to realize that the whole
University is behind them,and that
they are expected to bring home a
victory. This impression must be
given to them to-morrow night,
and a thoroughly successful rally
held in honor of their team will do
it. A first-rate program has been
arranged, and all that is necessary
to accomplish the purpose of the
celebration is a large and enthusi
astic crowd.
To-morrow night the Freshman
football team will be given an en
thusiastic rally. That our first
year representatives may face Cali
fornia with a spirit of determina
tion to win the coming contest, let
us all get out and do what we can
to encourage them. We want the
Freshmen to realize that the whole
University is behind them,and that
they are expected to bring home a
victory. This impression must be
given to them to-morrow night,
and a thoroughly successful rally
held in honor of their team will do
it. A first-rate program has been
arranged, and all that is necessary
to accomplish the purpose of the
celebration is a large and enthusi
astic crowd.
