# Clark Attends Annual Art Meeting During Vacation
## 
### 
Professor A. B. Clark has been at
tending the anual convention of the
Pacific Arts Association in San Fran
cisco during vacation. Work of the
students in the Art department here
was on exhibition at the Palace of the
Legion of Honor during the conven
tion. The exhibition will remain there
until Sunday.
Professor A. B. Clark has been at
tending the anual convention of the
Pacific Arts Association in San Fran
cisco during vacation. Work of the
students in the Art department here
was on exhibition at the Palace of the
Legion of Honor during the conven
tion. The exhibition will remain there
until Sunday.
Professor A. B. Clark has been at
tending the anual convention of the
Pacific Arts Association in San Fran
cisco during vacation. Work of the
students in the Art department here
was on exhibition at the Palace of the
Legion of Honor during the conven
tion. The exhibition will remain there
until Sunday.
Professor A. B. Clark has been at
tending the anual convention of the
Pacific Arts Association in San Fran
cisco during vacation. Work of the
students in the Art department here
was on exhibition at the Palace of the
Legion of Honor during the conven
tion. The exhibition will remain there
until Sunday.
Professor A. B. Clark has been at
tending the anual convention of the
Pacific Arts Association in San Fran
cisco during vacation. Work of the
students in the Art department here
was on exhibition at the Palace of the
Legion of Honor during the conven
tion. The exhibition will remain there
until Sunday.
Professor A. B. Clark has been at
tending the anual convention of the
Pacific Arts Association in San Fran
cisco during vacation. Work of the
students in the Art department here
was on exhibition at the Palace of the
Legion of Honor during the conven
tion. The exhibition will remain there
until Sunday.
Professor A. B. Clark has been at
tending the anual convention of the
Pacific Arts Association in San Fran
cisco during vacation. Work of the
students in the Art department here
was on exhibition at the Palace of the
Legion of Honor during the conven
tion. The exhibition will remain there
until Sunday.
Professor A. B. Clark has been at
tending the anual convention of the
Pacific Arts Association in San Fran
cisco during vacation. Work of the
students in the Art department here
was on exhibition at the Palace of the
Legion of Honor during the conven
tion. The exhibition will remain there
until Sunday.
Professor A. B. Clark has been at
tending the anual convention of the
Pacific Arts Association in San Fran
cisco during vacation. Work of the
students in the Art department here
was on exhibition at the Palace of the
Legion of Honor during the conven
tion. The exhibition will remain there
until Sunday.
Professor A. B. Clark has been at
tending the anual convention of the
Pacific Arts Association in San Fran
cisco during vacation. Work of the
students in the Art department here
was on exhibition at the Palace of the
Legion of Honor during the conven
tion. The exhibition will remain there
until Sunday.
Professor A. B. Clark has been at
tending the anual convention of the
Pacific Arts Association in San Fran
cisco during vacation. Work of the
students in the Art department here
was on exhibition at the Palace of the
Legion of Honor during the conven
tion. The exhibition will remain there
until Sunday.
Professor A. B. Clark has been at
tending the anual convention of the
Pacific Arts Association in San Fran
cisco during vacation. Work of the
students in the Art department here
was on exhibition at the Palace of the
Legion of Honor during the conven
tion. The exhibition will remain there
until Sunday.
Professor A. B. Clark has been at
tending the anual convention of the
Pacific Arts Association in San Fran
cisco during vacation. Work of the
students in the Art department here
was on exhibition at the Palace of the
Legion of Honor during the conven
tion. The exhibition will remain there
until Sunday.
Professor A. B. Clark has been at
tending the anual convention of the
Pacific Arts Association in San Fran
cisco during vacation. Work of the
students in the Art department here
was on exhibition at the Palace of the
Legion of Honor during the conven
tion. The exhibition will remain there
until Sunday.
Professor A. B. Clark has been at
tending the anual convention of the
Pacific Arts Association in San Fran
cisco during vacation. Work of the
students in the Art department here
was on exhibition at the Palace of the
Legion of Honor during the conven
tion. The exhibition will remain there
until Sunday.
