# Encina to Reopen Saturday, Sept. 27
## 
### 
Encina Hall will open for autumn
quarter Saturday, Sept. 27, and the
first meal in the Commons will be
served Sunday evening, Sept. 28,
University Food and Housing Di
rector William H. Miller announced
yesterday.
During the vacation the freshman
football team will stay in Encina
after Sept. 15. The varsity team will
live in Toyon Hall the entire month.
Miller added.
Encina Hall will open for autumn
quarter Saturday, Sept. 27, and the
first meal in the Commons will be
served Sunday evening, Sept. 28,
University Food and Housing Di
rector William H. Miller announced
yesterday.
During the vacation the freshman
football team will stay in Encina
after Sept. 15. The varsity team will
live in Toyon Hall the entire month.
Miller added.
Encina Hall will open for autumn
quarter Saturday, Sept. 27, and the
first meal in the Commons will be
served Sunday evening, Sept. 28,
University Food and Housing Di
rector William H. Miller announced
yesterday.
During the vacation the freshman
football team will stay in Encina
after Sept. 15. The varsity team will
live in Toyon Hall the entire month.
Miller added.
Encina Hall will open for autumn
quarter Saturday, Sept. 27, and the
first meal in the Commons will be
served Sunday evening, Sept. 28,
University Food and Housing Di
rector William H. Miller announced
yesterday.
During the vacation the freshman
football team will stay in Encina
after Sept. 15. The varsity team will
live in Toyon Hall the entire month.
Miller added.
Encina Hall will open for autumn
quarter Saturday, Sept. 27, and the
first meal in the Commons will be
served Sunday evening, Sept. 28,
University Food and Housing Di
rector William H. Miller announced
yesterday.
During the vacation the freshman
football team will stay in Encina
after Sept. 15. The varsity team will
live in Toyon Hall the entire month.
Miller added.
Encina Hall will open for autumn
quarter Saturday, Sept. 27, and the
first meal in the Commons will be
served Sunday evening, Sept. 28,
University Food and Housing Di
rector William H. Miller announced
yesterday.
During the vacation the freshman
football team will stay in Encina
after Sept. 15. The varsity team will
live in Toyon Hall the entire month.
Miller added.
Encina Hall will open for autumn
quarter Saturday, Sept. 27, and the
first meal in the Commons will be
served Sunday evening, Sept. 28,
University Food and Housing Di
rector William H. Miller announced
yesterday.
During the vacation the freshman
football team will stay in Encina
after Sept. 15. The varsity team will
live in Toyon Hall the entire month.
Miller added.
Encina Hall will open for autumn
quarter Saturday, Sept. 27, and the
first meal in the Commons will be
served Sunday evening, Sept. 28,
University Food and Housing Di
rector William H. Miller announced
yesterday.
During the vacation the freshman
football team will stay in Encina
after Sept. 15. The varsity team will
live in Toyon Hall the entire month.
Miller added.
Encina Hall will open for autumn
quarter Saturday, Sept. 27, and the
first meal in the Commons will be
served Sunday evening, Sept. 28,
University Food and Housing Di
rector William H. Miller announced
yesterday.
During the vacation the freshman
football team will stay in Encina
after Sept. 15. The varsity team will
live in Toyon Hall the entire month.
Miller added.
Encina Hall will open for autumn
quarter Saturday, Sept. 27, and the
first meal in the Commons will be
served Sunday evening, Sept. 28,
University Food and Housing Di
rector William H. Miller announced
yesterday.
During the vacation the freshman
football team will stay in Encina
after Sept. 15. The varsity team will
live in Toyon Hall the entire month.
Miller added.
Encina Hall will open for autumn
quarter Saturday, Sept. 27, and the
first meal in the Commons will be
served Sunday evening, Sept. 28,
University Food and Housing Di
rector William H. Miller announced
yesterday.
During the vacation the freshman
football team will stay in Encina
after Sept. 15. The varsity team will
live in Toyon Hall the entire month.
Miller added.
Encina Hall will open for autumn
quarter Saturday, Sept. 27, and the
first meal in the Commons will be
served Sunday evening, Sept. 28,
University Food and Housing Di
rector William H. Miller announced
yesterday.
During the vacation the freshman
football team will stay in Encina
after Sept. 15. The varsity team will
live in Toyon Hall the entire month.
Miller added.
Encina Hall will open for autumn
quarter Saturday, Sept. 27, and the
first meal in the Commons will be
served Sunday evening, Sept. 28,
University Food and Housing Di
rector William H. Miller announced
yesterday.
During the vacation the freshman
football team will stay in Encina
after Sept. 15. The varsity team will
live in Toyon Hall the entire month.
Miller added.
Encina Hall will open for autumn
quarter Saturday, Sept. 27, and the
first meal in the Commons will be
served Sunday evening, Sept. 28,
University Food and Housing Di
rector William H. Miller announced
yesterday.
During the vacation the freshman
football team will stay in Encina
after Sept. 15. The varsity team will
live in Toyon Hall the entire month.
Miller added.
Encina Hall will open for autumn
quarter Saturday, Sept. 27, and the
first meal in the Commons will be
served Sunday evening, Sept. 28,
University Food and Housing Di
rector William H. Miller announced
yesterday.
During the vacation the freshman
football team will stay in Encina
after Sept. 15. The varsity team will
live in Toyon Hall the entire month.
Miller added.
