# DEAN IRMA VOIGT TO TALK AT UNION
## 
### 
"Evaluating Extra Class Activities in
Terms of Education" is the subject of
a talk to be given by Dean Irma E.
Voigt before the Western Conference
today at a luncheon in the Union.
Dean Voigt is a noted author and
lecturer and is president of the Na
tional Association of Deans of Women.
She spoke last Tuesday night in the
Municipal Auditorium in Denver,
Colo., at the general session of the
National Educational Association. Ap
proximately 10,000 persons attending
this conference from all parts of the
nation heard the address.
Dean Voigt will leave for New York
on July 12, where she will attend the
meeting of the American Council of
Guidance and Personnel Association.
She will also be present at the meeting
of the program committee of the Na
tional Association of Deans of Women.
"Evaluating Extra Class Activities in
Terms of Education" is the subject of
a talk to be given by Dean Irma E.
Voigt before the Western Conference
today at a luncheon in the Union.
Dean Voigt is a noted author and
lecturer and is president of the Na
tional Association of Deans of Women.
She spoke last Tuesday night in the
Municipal Auditorium in Denver,
Colo., at the general session of the
National Educational Association. Ap
proximately 10,000 persons attending
this conference from all parts of the
nation heard the address.
Dean Voigt will leave for New York
on July 12, where she will attend the
meeting of the American Council of
Guidance and Personnel Association.
She will also be present at the meeting
of the program committee of the Na
tional Association of Deans of Women.
"Evaluating Extra Class Activities in
Terms of Education" is the subject of
a talk to be given by Dean Irma E.
Voigt before the Western Conference
today at a luncheon in the Union.
Dean Voigt is a noted author and
lecturer and is president of the Na
tional Association of Deans of Women.
She spoke last Tuesday night in the
Municipal Auditorium in Denver,
Colo., at the general session of the
National Educational Association. Ap
proximately 10,000 persons attending
this conference from all parts of the
nation heard the address.
Dean Voigt will leave for New York
on July 12, where she will attend the
meeting of the American Council of
Guidance and Personnel Association.
She will also be present at the meeting
of the program committee of the Na
tional Association of Deans of Women.
"Evaluating Extra Class Activities in
Terms of Education" is the subject of
a talk to be given by Dean Irma E.
Voigt before the Western Conference
today at a luncheon in the Union.
Dean Voigt is a noted author and
lecturer and is president of the Na
tional Association of Deans of Women.
She spoke last Tuesday night in the
Municipal Auditorium in Denver,
Colo., at the general session of the
National Educational Association. Ap
proximately 10,000 persons attending
this conference from all parts of the
nation heard the address.
Dean Voigt will leave for New York
on July 12, where she will attend the
meeting of the American Council of
Guidance and Personnel Association.
She will also be present at the meeting
of the program committee of the Na
tional Association of Deans of Women.
"Evaluating Extra Class Activities in
Terms of Education" is the subject of
a talk to be given by Dean Irma E.
Voigt before the Western Conference
today at a luncheon in the Union.
Dean Voigt is a noted author and
lecturer and is president of the Na
tional Association of Deans of Women.
She spoke last Tuesday night in the
Municipal Auditorium in Denver,
Colo., at the general session of the
National Educational Association. Ap
proximately 10,000 persons attending
this conference from all parts of the
nation heard the address.
Dean Voigt will leave for New York
on July 12, where she will attend the
meeting of the American Council of
Guidance and Personnel Association.
She will also be present at the meeting
of the program committee of the Na
tional Association of Deans of Women.
"Evaluating Extra Class Activities in
Terms of Education" is the subject of
a talk to be given by Dean Irma E.
Voigt before the Western Conference
today at a luncheon in the Union.
Dean Voigt is a noted author and
lecturer and is president of the Na
tional Association of Deans of Women.
She spoke last Tuesday night in the
Municipal Auditorium in Denver,
Colo., at the general session of the
National Educational Association. Ap
proximately 10,000 persons attending
this conference from all parts of the
nation heard the address.
Dean Voigt will leave for New York
on July 12, where she will attend the
meeting of the American Council of
Guidance and Personnel Association.
She will also be present at the meeting
of the program committee of the Na
tional Association of Deans of Women.
"Evaluating Extra Class Activities in
Terms of Education" is the subject of
a talk to be given by Dean Irma E.
Voigt before the Western Conference
today at a luncheon in the Union.
Dean Voigt is a noted author and
lecturer and is president of the Na
tional Association of Deans of Women.
She spoke last Tuesday night in the
Municipal Auditorium in Denver,
Colo., at the general session of the
National Educational Association. Ap
proximately 10,000 persons attending
this conference from all parts of the
nation heard the address.
Dean Voigt will leave for New York
on July 12, where she will attend the
meeting of the American Council of
Guidance and Personnel Association.
She will also be present at the meeting
of the program committee of the Na
tional Association of Deans of Women.
"Evaluating Extra Class Activities in
Terms of Education" is the subject of
a talk to be given by Dean Irma E.
Voigt before the Western Conference
today at a luncheon in the Union.
Dean Voigt is a noted author and
lecturer and is president of the Na
tional Association of Deans of Women.
She spoke last Tuesday night in the
Municipal Auditorium in Denver,
Colo., at the general session of the
National Educational Association. Ap
proximately 10,000 persons attending
this conference from all parts of the
nation heard the address.
Dean Voigt will leave for New York
on July 12, where she will attend the
meeting of the American Council of
Guidance and Personnel Association.
She will also be present at the meeting
of the program committee of the Na
tional Association of Deans of Women.
"Evaluating Extra Class Activities in
Terms of Education" is the subject of
a talk to be given by Dean Irma E.
Voigt before the Western Conference
today at a luncheon in the Union.
Dean Voigt is a noted author and
lecturer and is president of the Na
tional Association of Deans of Women.
She spoke last Tuesday night in the
Municipal Auditorium in Denver,
Colo., at the general session of the
National Educational Association. Ap
proximately 10,000 persons attending
this conference from all parts of the
nation heard the address.
Dean Voigt will leave for New York
on July 12, where she will attend the
meeting of the American Council of
Guidance and Personnel Association.
She will also be present at the meeting
of the program committee of the Na
tional Association of Deans of Women.
"Evaluating Extra Class Activities in
Terms of Education" is the subject of
a talk to be given by Dean Irma E.
Voigt before the Western Conference
today at a luncheon in the Union.
Dean Voigt is a noted author and
lecturer and is president of the Na
tional Association of Deans of Women.
She spoke last Tuesday night in the
Municipal Auditorium in Denver,
Colo., at the general session of the
National Educational Association. Ap
proximately 10,000 persons attending
this conference from all parts of the
nation heard the address.
Dean Voigt will leave for New York
on July 12, where she will attend the
meeting of the American Council of
Guidance and Personnel Association.
She will also be present at the meeting
of the program committee of the Na
tional Association of Deans of Women.
"Evaluating Extra Class Activities in
Terms of Education" is the subject of
a talk to be given by Dean Irma E.
Voigt before the Western Conference
today at a luncheon in the Union.
Dean Voigt is a noted author and
lecturer and is president of the Na
tional Association of Deans of Women.
She spoke last Tuesday night in the
Municipal Auditorium in Denver,
Colo., at the general session of the
National Educational Association. Ap
proximately 10,000 persons attending
this conference from all parts of the
nation heard the address.
Dean Voigt will leave for New York
on July 12, where she will attend the
meeting of the American Council of
Guidance and Personnel Association.
She will also be present at the meeting
of the program committee of the Na
tional Association of Deans of Women.
"Evaluating Extra Class Activities in
Terms of Education" is the subject of
a talk to be given by Dean Irma E.
Voigt before the Western Conference
today at a luncheon in the Union.
Dean Voigt is a noted author and
lecturer and is president of the Na
tional Association of Deans of Women.
She spoke last Tuesday night in the
Municipal Auditorium in Denver,
Colo., at the general session of the
National Educational Association. Ap
proximately 10,000 persons attending
this conference from all parts of the
nation heard the address.
Dean Voigt will leave for New York
on July 12, where she will attend the
meeting of the American Council of
Guidance and Personnel Association.
She will also be present at the meeting
of the program committee of the Na
tional Association of Deans of Women.
"Evaluating Extra Class Activities in
Terms of Education" is the subject of
a talk to be given by Dean Irma E.
Voigt before the Western Conference
today at a luncheon in the Union.
Dean Voigt is a noted author and
lecturer and is president of the Na
tional Association of Deans of Women.
She spoke last Tuesday night in the
Municipal Auditorium in Denver,
Colo., at the general session of the
National Educational Association. Ap
proximately 10,000 persons attending
this conference from all parts of the
nation heard the address.
Dean Voigt will leave for New York
on July 12, where she will attend the
meeting of the American Council of
Guidance and Personnel Association.
She will also be present at the meeting
of the program committee of the Na
tional Association of Deans of Women.
"Evaluating Extra Class Activities in
Terms of Education" is the subject of
a talk to be given by Dean Irma E.
Voigt before the Western Conference
today at a luncheon in the Union.
Dean Voigt is a noted author and
lecturer and is president of the Na
tional Association of Deans of Women.
She spoke last Tuesday night in the
Municipal Auditorium in Denver,
Colo., at the general session of the
National Educational Association. Ap
proximately 10,000 persons attending
this conference from all parts of the
nation heard the address.
Dean Voigt will leave for New York
on July 12, where she will attend the
meeting of the American Council of
Guidance and Personnel Association.
She will also be present at the meeting
of the program committee of the Na
tional Association of Deans of Women.
"Evaluating Extra Class Activities in
Terms of Education" is the subject of
a talk to be given by Dean Irma E.
Voigt before the Western Conference
today at a luncheon in the Union.
Dean Voigt is a noted author and
lecturer and is president of the Na
tional Association of Deans of Women.
She spoke last Tuesday night in the
Municipal Auditorium in Denver,
Colo., at the general session of the
National Educational Association. Ap
proximately 10,000 persons attending
this conference from all parts of the
nation heard the address.
Dean Voigt will leave for New York
on July 12, where she will attend the
meeting of the American Council of
Guidance and Personnel Association.
She will also be present at the meeting
of the program committee of the Na
tional Association of Deans of Women.
