# Varsity Shell Back From Poughkeepsie
## 
### 
The varsity shell which has been at
Poughkeepsie since the race two
years ago, when Stanford finished sec
ond in the intercollegiate regatta, has
arrived in San Francisco, and will be
delivered at Redwood tomorrow. The
boat was brought across the continent
in a special car by express and will
be brought down from the city by
water.
In preparation for the workouts at
Redwood in a few days Graduate Man
ager Behrens has ordered twelve new
aluminum oars. They are of the very
latest type, made by Wood & Co.,
manufacturers of most of the crew
supplies, and will replace the wooden
ones in use at Stanford heretofore.
Coach "Husky" Guerena put the
candidates for the eights through the
first workout of the semester Satur
day. The varsity men practiced on the
lake while the freshman candidates
stayed on the rowing machines. All
the men who signed up were out
while others who were not at the
rally reported for work.
Coach Guerena expressed himself as
well pleased with the fall workout of
the freshmen candidates under Cap-
tain Maurer, and is confident that
everyone will be in shape for the
hard workouts on the water in a few
days.
Workouts at Redwood will start as
soon as the men arc in shape for hard
practice. Everything is in readiness
for them at the new boathouse and
work can begin immediately when the
men report.
The varsity shell which has been at
Poughkeepsie since the race two
years ago, when Stanford finished sec
ond in the intercollegiate regatta, has
arrived in San Francisco, and will be
delivered at Redwood tomorrow. The
boat was brought across the continent
in a special car by express and will
be brought down from the city by
water.
In preparation for the workouts at
Redwood in a few days Graduate Man
ager Behrens has ordered twelve new
aluminum oars. They are of the very
latest type, made by Wood & Co.,
manufacturers of most of the crew
supplies, and will replace the wooden
ones in use at Stanford heretofore.
Coach "Husky" Guerena put the
candidates for the eights through the
first workout of the semester Satur
day. The varsity men practiced on the
lake while the freshman candidates
stayed on the rowing machines. All
the men who signed up were out
while others who were not at the
rally reported for work.
Coach Guerena expressed himself as
well pleased with the fall workout of
the freshmen candidates under Cap-
tain Maurer, and is confident that
everyone will be in shape for the
hard workouts on the water in a few
days.
Workouts at Redwood will start as
soon as the men arc in shape for hard
practice. Everything is in readiness
for them at the new boathouse and
work can begin immediately when the
men report.
The varsity shell which has been at
Poughkeepsie since the race two
years ago, when Stanford finished sec
ond in the intercollegiate regatta, has
arrived in San Francisco, and will be
delivered at Redwood tomorrow. The
boat was brought across the continent
in a special car by express and will
be brought down from the city by
water.
In preparation for the workouts at
Redwood in a few days Graduate Man
ager Behrens has ordered twelve new
aluminum oars. They are of the very
latest type, made by Wood & Co.,
manufacturers of most of the crew
supplies, and will replace the wooden
ones in use at Stanford heretofore.
Coach "Husky" Guerena put the
candidates for the eights through the
first workout of the semester Satur
day. The varsity men practiced on the
lake while the freshman candidates
stayed on the rowing machines. All
the men who signed up were out
while others who were not at the
rally reported for work.
Coach Guerena expressed himself as
well pleased with the fall workout of
the freshmen candidates under Cap-
tain Maurer, and is confident that
everyone will be in shape for the
hard workouts on the water in a few
days.
Workouts at Redwood will start as
soon as the men arc in shape for hard
practice. Everything is in readiness
for them at the new boathouse and
work can begin immediately when the
men report.
The varsity shell which has been at
Poughkeepsie since the race two
years ago, when Stanford finished sec
ond in the intercollegiate regatta, has
arrived in San Francisco, and will be
delivered at Redwood tomorrow. The
boat was brought across the continent
in a special car by express and will
be brought down from the city by
water.
In preparation for the workouts at
Redwood in a few days Graduate Man
ager Behrens has ordered twelve new
aluminum oars. They are of the very
latest type, made by Wood & Co.,
manufacturers of most of the crew
supplies, and will replace the wooden
ones in use at Stanford heretofore.
Coach "Husky" Guerena put the
candidates for the eights through the
first workout of the semester Satur
day. The varsity men practiced on the
lake while the freshman candidates
stayed on the rowing machines. All
the men who signed up were out
while others who were not at the
rally reported for work.
Coach Guerena expressed himself as
well pleased with the fall workout of
the freshmen candidates under Cap-
tain Maurer, and is confident that
everyone will be in shape for the
hard workouts on the water in a few
days.
Workouts at Redwood will start as
soon as the men arc in shape for hard
practice. Everything is in readiness
for them at the new boathouse and
work can begin immediately when the
men report.
The varsity shell which has been at
Poughkeepsie since the race two
years ago, when Stanford finished sec
ond in the intercollegiate regatta, has
arrived in San Francisco, and will be
delivered at Redwood tomorrow. The
boat was brought across the continent
in a special car by express and will
be brought down from the city by
water.
In preparation for the workouts at
Redwood in a few days Graduate Man
ager Behrens has ordered twelve new
aluminum oars. They are of the very
latest type, made by Wood & Co.,
manufacturers of most of the crew
supplies, and will replace the wooden
ones in use at Stanford heretofore.
Coach "Husky" Guerena put the
candidates for the eights through the
first workout of the semester Satur
day. The varsity men practiced on the
lake while the freshman candidates
stayed on the rowing machines. All
the men who signed up were out
while others who were not at the
rally reported for work.
Coach Guerena expressed himself as
well pleased with the fall workout of
the freshmen candidates under Cap-
tain Maurer, and is confident that
everyone will be in shape for the
hard workouts on the water in a few
days.
Workouts at Redwood will start as
soon as the men arc in shape for hard
practice. Everything is in readiness
for them at the new boathouse and
work can begin immediately when the
men report.
The varsity shell which has been at
Poughkeepsie since the race two
years ago, when Stanford finished sec
ond in the intercollegiate regatta, has
arrived in San Francisco, and will be
delivered at Redwood tomorrow. The
boat was brought across the continent
in a special car by express and will
be brought down from the city by
water.
In preparation for the workouts at
Redwood in a few days Graduate Man
ager Behrens has ordered twelve new
aluminum oars. They are of the very
latest type, made by Wood & Co.,
manufacturers of most of the crew
supplies, and will replace the wooden
ones in use at Stanford heretofore.
Coach "Husky" Guerena put the
candidates for the eights through the
first workout of the semester Satur
day. The varsity men practiced on the
lake while the freshman candidates
stayed on the rowing machines. All
the men who signed up were out
while others who were not at the
rally reported for work.
Coach Guerena expressed himself as
well pleased with the fall workout of
the freshmen candidates under Cap-
tain Maurer, and is confident that
everyone will be in shape for the
hard workouts on the water in a few
days.
Workouts at Redwood will start as
soon as the men arc in shape for hard
practice. Everything is in readiness
for them at the new boathouse and
work can begin immediately when the
men report.
The varsity shell which has been at
Poughkeepsie since the race two
years ago, when Stanford finished sec
ond in the intercollegiate regatta, has
arrived in San Francisco, and will be
delivered at Redwood tomorrow. The
boat was brought across the continent
in a special car by express and will
be brought down from the city by
water.
In preparation for the workouts at
Redwood in a few days Graduate Man
ager Behrens has ordered twelve new
aluminum oars. They are of the very
latest type, made by Wood & Co.,
manufacturers of most of the crew
supplies, and will replace the wooden
ones in use at Stanford heretofore.
Coach "Husky" Guerena put the
candidates for the eights through the
first workout of the semester Satur
day. The varsity men practiced on the
lake while the freshman candidates
stayed on the rowing machines. All
the men who signed up were out
while others who were not at the
rally reported for work.
Coach Guerena expressed himself as
well pleased with the fall workout of
the freshmen candidates under Cap-
tain Maurer, and is confident that
everyone will be in shape for the
hard workouts on the water in a few
days.
Workouts at Redwood will start as
soon as the men arc in shape for hard
practice. Everything is in readiness
for them at the new boathouse and
work can begin immediately when the
men report.
The varsity shell which has been at
Poughkeepsie since the race two
years ago, when Stanford finished sec
ond in the intercollegiate regatta, has
arrived in San Francisco, and will be
delivered at Redwood tomorrow. The
boat was brought across the continent
in a special car by express and will
be brought down from the city by
water.
In preparation for the workouts at
Redwood in a few days Graduate Man
ager Behrens has ordered twelve new
aluminum oars. They are of the very
latest type, made by Wood & Co.,
manufacturers of most of the crew
supplies, and will replace the wooden
ones in use at Stanford heretofore.
Coach "Husky" Guerena put the
candidates for the eights through the
first workout of the semester Satur
day. The varsity men practiced on the
lake while the freshman candidates
stayed on the rowing machines. All
the men who signed up were out
while others who were not at the
rally reported for work.
Coach Guerena expressed himself as
well pleased with the fall workout of
the freshmen candidates under Cap-
tain Maurer, and is confident that
everyone will be in shape for the
hard workouts on the water in a few
days.
Workouts at Redwood will start as
soon as the men arc in shape for hard
practice. Everything is in readiness
for them at the new boathouse and
work can begin immediately when the
men report.
The varsity shell which has been at
Poughkeepsie since the race two
years ago, when Stanford finished sec
ond in the intercollegiate regatta, has
arrived in San Francisco, and will be
delivered at Redwood tomorrow. The
boat was brought across the continent
in a special car by express and will
be brought down from the city by
water.
In preparation for the workouts at
Redwood in a few days Graduate Man
ager Behrens has ordered twelve new
aluminum oars. They are of the very
latest type, made by Wood & Co.,
manufacturers of most of the crew
supplies, and will replace the wooden
ones in use at Stanford heretofore.
Coach "Husky" Guerena put the
candidates for the eights through the
first workout of the semester Satur
day. The varsity men practiced on the
lake while the freshman candidates
stayed on the rowing machines. All
the men who signed up were out
while others who were not at the
rally reported for work.
Coach Guerena expressed himself as
well pleased with the fall workout of
the freshmen candidates under Cap-
tain Maurer, and is confident that
everyone will be in shape for the
hard workouts on the water in a few
days.
Workouts at Redwood will start as
soon as the men arc in shape for hard
practice. Everything is in readiness
for them at the new boathouse and
work can begin immediately when the
men report.
The varsity shell which has been at
Poughkeepsie since the race two
years ago, when Stanford finished sec
ond in the intercollegiate regatta, has
arrived in San Francisco, and will be
delivered at Redwood tomorrow. The
boat was brought across the continent
in a special car by express and will
be brought down from the city by
water.
In preparation for the workouts at
Redwood in a few days Graduate Man
ager Behrens has ordered twelve new
aluminum oars. They are of the very
latest type, made by Wood & Co.,
manufacturers of most of the crew
supplies, and will replace the wooden
ones in use at Stanford heretofore.
Coach "Husky" Guerena put the
candidates for the eights through the
first workout of the semester Satur
day. The varsity men practiced on the
lake while the freshman candidates
stayed on the rowing machines. All
the men who signed up were out
while others who were not at the
rally reported for work.
Coach Guerena expressed himself as
well pleased with the fall workout of
the freshmen candidates under Cap-
tain Maurer, and is confident that
everyone will be in shape for the
hard workouts on the water in a few
days.
Workouts at Redwood will start as
soon as the men arc in shape for hard
practice. Everything is in readiness
for them at the new boathouse and
work can begin immediately when the
men report.
The varsity shell which has been at
Poughkeepsie since the race two
years ago, when Stanford finished sec
ond in the intercollegiate regatta, has
arrived in San Francisco, and will be
delivered at Redwood tomorrow. The
boat was brought across the continent
in a special car by express and will
be brought down from the city by
water.
In preparation for the workouts at
Redwood in a few days Graduate Man
ager Behrens has ordered twelve new
aluminum oars. They are of the very
latest type, made by Wood & Co.,
manufacturers of most of the crew
supplies, and will replace the wooden
ones in use at Stanford heretofore.
Coach "Husky" Guerena put the
candidates for the eights through the
first workout of the semester Satur
day. The varsity men practiced on the
lake while the freshman candidates
stayed on the rowing machines. All
the men who signed up were out
while others who were not at the
rally reported for work.
Coach Guerena expressed himself as
well pleased with the fall workout of
the freshmen candidates under Cap-
tain Maurer, and is confident that
everyone will be in shape for the
hard workouts on the water in a few
days.
Workouts at Redwood will start as
soon as the men arc in shape for hard
practice. Everything is in readiness
for them at the new boathouse and
work can begin immediately when the
men report.
The varsity shell which has been at
Poughkeepsie since the race two
years ago, when Stanford finished sec
ond in the intercollegiate regatta, has
arrived in San Francisco, and will be
delivered at Redwood tomorrow. The
boat was brought across the continent
in a special car by express and will
be brought down from the city by
water.
In preparation for the workouts at
Redwood in a few days Graduate Man
ager Behrens has ordered twelve new
aluminum oars. They are of the very
latest type, made by Wood & Co.,
manufacturers of most of the crew
supplies, and will replace the wooden
ones in use at Stanford heretofore.
Coach "Husky" Guerena put the
candidates for the eights through the
first workout of the semester Satur
day. The varsity men practiced on the
lake while the freshman candidates
stayed on the rowing machines. All
the men who signed up were out
while others who were not at the
rally reported for work.
Coach Guerena expressed himself as
well pleased with the fall workout of
the freshmen candidates under Cap-
tain Maurer, and is confident that
everyone will be in shape for the
hard workouts on the water in a few
days.
Workouts at Redwood will start as
soon as the men arc in shape for hard
practice. Everything is in readiness
for them at the new boathouse and
work can begin immediately when the
men report.
The varsity shell which has been at
Poughkeepsie since the race two
years ago, when Stanford finished sec
ond in the intercollegiate regatta, has
arrived in San Francisco, and will be
delivered at Redwood tomorrow. The
boat was brought across the continent
in a special car by express and will
be brought down from the city by
water.
In preparation for the workouts at
Redwood in a few days Graduate Man
ager Behrens has ordered twelve new
aluminum oars. They are of the very
latest type, made by Wood & Co.,
manufacturers of most of the crew
supplies, and will replace the wooden
ones in use at Stanford heretofore.
Coach "Husky" Guerena put the
candidates for the eights through the
first workout of the semester Satur
day. The varsity men practiced on the
lake while the freshman candidates
stayed on the rowing machines. All
the men who signed up were out
while others who were not at the
rally reported for work.
Coach Guerena expressed himself as
well pleased with the fall workout of
the freshmen candidates under Cap-
tain Maurer, and is confident that
everyone will be in shape for the
hard workouts on the water in a few
days.
Workouts at Redwood will start as
soon as the men arc in shape for hard
practice. Everything is in readiness
for them at the new boathouse and
work can begin immediately when the
men report.
The varsity shell which has been at
Poughkeepsie since the race two
years ago, when Stanford finished sec
ond in the intercollegiate regatta, has
arrived in San Francisco, and will be
delivered at Redwood tomorrow. The
boat was brought across the continent
in a special car by express and will
be brought down from the city by
water.
In preparation for the workouts at
Redwood in a few days Graduate Man
ager Behrens has ordered twelve new
aluminum oars. They are of the very
latest type, made by Wood & Co.,
manufacturers of most of the crew
supplies, and will replace the wooden
ones in use at Stanford heretofore.
Coach "Husky" Guerena put the
candidates for the eights through the
first workout of the semester Satur
day. The varsity men practiced on the
lake while the freshman candidates
stayed on the rowing machines. All
the men who signed up were out
while others who were not at the
rally reported for work.
Coach Guerena expressed himself as
well pleased with the fall workout of
the freshmen candidates under Cap-
tain Maurer, and is confident that
everyone will be in shape for the
hard workouts on the water in a few
days.
Workouts at Redwood will start as
soon as the men arc in shape for hard
practice. Everything is in readiness
for them at the new boathouse and
work can begin immediately when the
men report.
The varsity shell which has been at
Poughkeepsie since the race two
years ago, when Stanford finished sec
ond in the intercollegiate regatta, has
arrived in San Francisco, and will be
delivered at Redwood tomorrow. The
boat was brought across the continent
in a special car by express and will
be brought down from the city by
water.
In preparation for the workouts at
Redwood in a few days Graduate Man
ager Behrens has ordered twelve new
aluminum oars. They are of the very
latest type, made by Wood & Co.,
manufacturers of most of the crew
supplies, and will replace the wooden
ones in use at Stanford heretofore.
Coach "Husky" Guerena put the
candidates for the eights through the
first workout of the semester Satur
day. The varsity men practiced on the
lake while the freshman candidates
stayed on the rowing machines. All
the men who signed up were out
while others who were not at the
rally reported for work.
Coach Guerena expressed himself as
well pleased with the fall workout of
the freshmen candidates under Cap-
tain Maurer, and is confident that
everyone will be in shape for the
hard workouts on the water in a few
days.
Workouts at Redwood will start as
soon as the men arc in shape for hard
practice. Everything is in readiness
for them at the new boathouse and
work can begin immediately when the
men report.
