# Music Planned For Lake Opening
## 
### 
Lake Lagunita will have its of
ficial opening Sunday afternoon
with an afternoon of gaiety spon
sored by the senior class. Entei
tairunent will feature Scotty Dag
gett, '53. playing the banjo, a
Medical School quartet, and a t■
from Roble. A Dixieland band
will provide continuous inn ir.
Sandwiches, iec cream rones, and
drinks will be sold during the af
ternoon.
Lake Lagunita will have its of
ficial opening Sunday afternoon
with an afternoon of gaiety spon
sored by the senior class. Entei
tairunent will feature Scotty Dag
gett, '53. playing the banjo, a
Medical School quartet, and a t■
from Roble. A Dixieland band
will provide continuous inn ir.
Sandwiches, iec cream rones, and
drinks will be sold during the af
ternoon.
Lake Lagunita will have its of
ficial opening Sunday afternoon
with an afternoon of gaiety spon
sored by the senior class. Entei
tairunent will feature Scotty Dag
gett, '53. playing the banjo, a
Medical School quartet, and a t■
from Roble. A Dixieland band
will provide continuous inn ir.
Sandwiches, iec cream rones, and
drinks will be sold during the af
ternoon.
Lake Lagunita will have its of
ficial opening Sunday afternoon
with an afternoon of gaiety spon
sored by the senior class. Entei
tairunent will feature Scotty Dag
gett, '53. playing the banjo, a
Medical School quartet, and a t■
from Roble. A Dixieland band
will provide continuous inn ir.
Sandwiches, iec cream rones, and
drinks will be sold during the af
ternoon.
Lake Lagunita will have its of
ficial opening Sunday afternoon
with an afternoon of gaiety spon
sored by the senior class. Entei
tairunent will feature Scotty Dag
gett, '53. playing the banjo, a
Medical School quartet, and a t■
from Roble. A Dixieland band
will provide continuous inn ir.
Sandwiches, iec cream rones, and
drinks will be sold during the af
ternoon.
Lake Lagunita will have its of
ficial opening Sunday afternoon
with an afternoon of gaiety spon
sored by the senior class. Entei
tairunent will feature Scotty Dag
gett, '53. playing the banjo, a
Medical School quartet, and a t■
from Roble. A Dixieland band
will provide continuous inn ir.
Sandwiches, iec cream rones, and
drinks will be sold during the af
ternoon.
Lake Lagunita will have its of
ficial opening Sunday afternoon
with an afternoon of gaiety spon
sored by the senior class. Entei
tairunent will feature Scotty Dag
gett, '53. playing the banjo, a
Medical School quartet, and a t■
from Roble. A Dixieland band
will provide continuous inn ir.
Sandwiches, iec cream rones, and
drinks will be sold during the af
ternoon.
Lake Lagunita will have its of
ficial opening Sunday afternoon
with an afternoon of gaiety spon
sored by the senior class. Entei
tairunent will feature Scotty Dag
gett, '53. playing the banjo, a
Medical School quartet, and a t■
from Roble. A Dixieland band
will provide continuous inn ir.
Sandwiches, iec cream rones, and
drinks will be sold during the af
ternoon.
Lake Lagunita will have its of
ficial opening Sunday afternoon
with an afternoon of gaiety spon
sored by the senior class. Entei
tairunent will feature Scotty Dag
gett, '53. playing the banjo, a
Medical School quartet, and a t■
from Roble. A Dixieland band
will provide continuous inn ir.
Sandwiches, iec cream rones, and
drinks will be sold during the af
ternoon.
Lake Lagunita will have its of
ficial opening Sunday afternoon
with an afternoon of gaiety spon
sored by the senior class. Entei
tairunent will feature Scotty Dag
gett, '53. playing the banjo, a
Medical School quartet, and a t■
from Roble. A Dixieland band
will provide continuous inn ir.
Sandwiches, iec cream rones, and
drinks will be sold during the af
ternoon.
Lake Lagunita will have its of
ficial opening Sunday afternoon
with an afternoon of gaiety spon
sored by the senior class. Entei
tairunent will feature Scotty Dag
gett, '53. playing the banjo, a
Medical School quartet, and a t■
from Roble. A Dixieland band
will provide continuous inn ir.
Sandwiches, iec cream rones, and
drinks will be sold during the af
ternoon.
Lake Lagunita will have its of
ficial opening Sunday afternoon
with an afternoon of gaiety spon
sored by the senior class. Entei
tairunent will feature Scotty Dag
gett, '53. playing the banjo, a
Medical School quartet, and a t■
from Roble. A Dixieland band
will provide continuous inn ir.
Sandwiches, iec cream rones, and
drinks will be sold during the af
ternoon.
Lake Lagunita will have its of
ficial opening Sunday afternoon
with an afternoon of gaiety spon
sored by the senior class. Entei
tairunent will feature Scotty Dag
gett, '53. playing the banjo, a
Medical School quartet, and a t■
from Roble. A Dixieland band
will provide continuous inn ir.
Sandwiches, iec cream rones, and
drinks will be sold during the af
ternoon.
Lake Lagunita will have its of
ficial opening Sunday afternoon
with an afternoon of gaiety spon
sored by the senior class. Entei
tairunent will feature Scotty Dag
gett, '53. playing the banjo, a
Medical School quartet, and a t■
from Roble. A Dixieland band
will provide continuous inn ir.
Sandwiches, iec cream rones, and
drinks will be sold during the af
ternoon.
Lake Lagunita will have its of
ficial opening Sunday afternoon
with an afternoon of gaiety spon
sored by the senior class. Entei
tairunent will feature Scotty Dag
gett, '53. playing the banjo, a
Medical School quartet, and a t■
from Roble. A Dixieland band
will provide continuous inn ir.
Sandwiches, iec cream rones, and
drinks will be sold during the af
ternoon.
