# Jobs Available For Engineers
## 
### 
Ford Motor Company and Gilfil
lan Brothers Inc. will continue con
ducting interviews lod:iy if the
j-chedtilc si;;n-up at the Student
Placement Service ileniands it.
Reynolds Metals Company and
Hawaiian Elect ic Company Ltd. are
also conducting interviews today.
Reynolds Metals Company has po
sitions for mechanical, industrial,
and metallurgical engineers. These
openings are for trainees to work
toward assignments in process engi
neering, production management,
machinery de-:ign, or industrial en
gineering. Metallurgists are re
quired for the metallurgical depart
ment.
Openings for electrical engineer
ing graduates are being offered by
the Hawaiian Electric Company.
The work will consist of designing
overhead and underground trans
mission and distribution lines, sub
stations, switching stations, low
voltage networks, and other similar
engineering.
Ford Motor Company and Gilfil
lan Brothers Inc. will continue con
ducting interviews lod:iy if the
j-chedtilc si;;n-up at the Student
Placement Service ileniands it.
Reynolds Metals Company and
Hawaiian Elect ic Company Ltd. are
also conducting interviews today.
Reynolds Metals Company has po
sitions for mechanical, industrial,
and metallurgical engineers. These
openings are for trainees to work
toward assignments in process engi
neering, production management,
machinery de-:ign, or industrial en
gineering. Metallurgists are re
quired for the metallurgical depart
ment.
Openings for electrical engineer
ing graduates are being offered by
the Hawaiian Electric Company.
The work will consist of designing
overhead and underground trans
mission and distribution lines, sub
stations, switching stations, low
voltage networks, and other similar
engineering.
Ford Motor Company and Gilfil
lan Brothers Inc. will continue con
ducting interviews lod:iy if the
j-chedtilc si;;n-up at the Student
Placement Service ileniands it.
Reynolds Metals Company and
Hawaiian Elect ic Company Ltd. are
also conducting interviews today.
Reynolds Metals Company has po
sitions for mechanical, industrial,
and metallurgical engineers. These
openings are for trainees to work
toward assignments in process engi
neering, production management,
machinery de-:ign, or industrial en
gineering. Metallurgists are re
quired for the metallurgical depart
ment.
Openings for electrical engineer
ing graduates are being offered by
the Hawaiian Electric Company.
The work will consist of designing
overhead and underground trans
mission and distribution lines, sub
stations, switching stations, low
voltage networks, and other similar
engineering.
Ford Motor Company and Gilfil
lan Brothers Inc. will continue con
ducting interviews lod:iy if the
j-chedtilc si;;n-up at the Student
Placement Service ileniands it.
Reynolds Metals Company and
Hawaiian Elect ic Company Ltd. are
also conducting interviews today.
Reynolds Metals Company has po
sitions for mechanical, industrial,
and metallurgical engineers. These
openings are for trainees to work
toward assignments in process engi
neering, production management,
machinery de-:ign, or industrial en
gineering. Metallurgists are re
quired for the metallurgical depart
ment.
Openings for electrical engineer
ing graduates are being offered by
the Hawaiian Electric Company.
The work will consist of designing
overhead and underground trans
mission and distribution lines, sub
stations, switching stations, low
voltage networks, and other similar
engineering.
Ford Motor Company and Gilfil
lan Brothers Inc. will continue con
ducting interviews lod:iy if the
j-chedtilc si;;n-up at the Student
Placement Service ileniands it.
Reynolds Metals Company and
Hawaiian Elect ic Company Ltd. are
also conducting interviews today.
Reynolds Metals Company has po
sitions for mechanical, industrial,
and metallurgical engineers. These
openings are for trainees to work
toward assignments in process engi
neering, production management,
machinery de-:ign, or industrial en
gineering. Metallurgists are re
quired for the metallurgical depart
ment.
Openings for electrical engineer
ing graduates are being offered by
the Hawaiian Electric Company.
The work will consist of designing
overhead and underground trans
mission and distribution lines, sub
stations, switching stations, low
voltage networks, and other similar
engineering.
Ford Motor Company and Gilfil
lan Brothers Inc. will continue con
ducting interviews lod:iy if the
j-chedtilc si;;n-up at the Student
Placement Service ileniands it.
Reynolds Metals Company and
Hawaiian Elect ic Company Ltd. are
also conducting interviews today.
Reynolds Metals Company has po
sitions for mechanical, industrial,
and metallurgical engineers. These
openings are for trainees to work
toward assignments in process engi
neering, production management,
machinery de-:ign, or industrial en
gineering. Metallurgists are re
quired for the metallurgical depart
ment.
Openings for electrical engineer
ing graduates are being offered by
the Hawaiian Electric Company.
The work will consist of designing
overhead and underground trans
mission and distribution lines, sub
stations, switching stations, low
voltage networks, and other similar
engineering.
Ford Motor Company and Gilfil
lan Brothers Inc. will continue con
ducting interviews lod:iy if the
j-chedtilc si;;n-up at the Student
Placement Service ileniands it.
Reynolds Metals Company and
Hawaiian Elect ic Company Ltd. are
also conducting interviews today.
Reynolds Metals Company has po
sitions for mechanical, industrial,
and metallurgical engineers. These
openings are for trainees to work
toward assignments in process engi
neering, production management,
machinery de-:ign, or industrial en
gineering. Metallurgists are re
quired for the metallurgical depart
ment.
Openings for electrical engineer
ing graduates are being offered by
the Hawaiian Electric Company.
The work will consist of designing
overhead and underground trans
mission and distribution lines, sub
stations, switching stations, low
voltage networks, and other similar
engineering.
Ford Motor Company and Gilfil
lan Brothers Inc. will continue con
ducting interviews lod:iy if the
j-chedtilc si;;n-up at the Student
Placement Service ileniands it.
Reynolds Metals Company and
Hawaiian Elect ic Company Ltd. are
also conducting interviews today.
Reynolds Metals Company has po
sitions for mechanical, industrial,
and metallurgical engineers. These
openings are for trainees to work
toward assignments in process engi
neering, production management,
machinery de-:ign, or industrial en
gineering. Metallurgists are re
quired for the metallurgical depart
ment.
Openings for electrical engineer
ing graduates are being offered by
the Hawaiian Electric Company.
The work will consist of designing
overhead and underground trans
mission and distribution lines, sub
stations, switching stations, low
voltage networks, and other similar
engineering.
Ford Motor Company and Gilfil
lan Brothers Inc. will continue con
ducting interviews lod:iy if the
j-chedtilc si;;n-up at the Student
Placement Service ileniands it.
Reynolds Metals Company and
Hawaiian Elect ic Company Ltd. are
also conducting interviews today.
Reynolds Metals Company has po
sitions for mechanical, industrial,
and metallurgical engineers. These
openings are for trainees to work
toward assignments in process engi
neering, production management,
machinery de-:ign, or industrial en
gineering. Metallurgists are re
quired for the metallurgical depart
ment.
Openings for electrical engineer
ing graduates are being offered by
the Hawaiian Electric Company.
The work will consist of designing
overhead and underground trans
mission and distribution lines, sub
stations, switching stations, low
voltage networks, and other similar
engineering.
Ford Motor Company and Gilfil
lan Brothers Inc. will continue con
ducting interviews lod:iy if the
j-chedtilc si;;n-up at the Student
Placement Service ileniands it.
Reynolds Metals Company and
Hawaiian Elect ic Company Ltd. are
also conducting interviews today.
Reynolds Metals Company has po
sitions for mechanical, industrial,
and metallurgical engineers. These
openings are for trainees to work
toward assignments in process engi
neering, production management,
machinery de-:ign, or industrial en
gineering. Metallurgists are re
quired for the metallurgical depart
ment.
Openings for electrical engineer
ing graduates are being offered by
the Hawaiian Electric Company.
The work will consist of designing
overhead and underground trans
mission and distribution lines, sub
stations, switching stations, low
voltage networks, and other similar
engineering.
Ford Motor Company and Gilfil
lan Brothers Inc. will continue con
ducting interviews lod:iy if the
j-chedtilc si;;n-up at the Student
Placement Service ileniands it.
Reynolds Metals Company and
Hawaiian Elect ic Company Ltd. are
also conducting interviews today.
Reynolds Metals Company has po
sitions for mechanical, industrial,
and metallurgical engineers. These
openings are for trainees to work
toward assignments in process engi
neering, production management,
machinery de-:ign, or industrial en
gineering. Metallurgists are re
quired for the metallurgical depart
ment.
Openings for electrical engineer
ing graduates are being offered by
the Hawaiian Electric Company.
The work will consist of designing
overhead and underground trans
mission and distribution lines, sub
stations, switching stations, low
voltage networks, and other similar
engineering.
Ford Motor Company and Gilfil
lan Brothers Inc. will continue con
ducting interviews lod:iy if the
j-chedtilc si;;n-up at the Student
Placement Service ileniands it.
Reynolds Metals Company and
Hawaiian Elect ic Company Ltd. are
also conducting interviews today.
Reynolds Metals Company has po
sitions for mechanical, industrial,
and metallurgical engineers. These
openings are for trainees to work
toward assignments in process engi
neering, production management,
machinery de-:ign, or industrial en
gineering. Metallurgists are re
quired for the metallurgical depart
ment.
Openings for electrical engineer
ing graduates are being offered by
the Hawaiian Electric Company.
The work will consist of designing
overhead and underground trans
mission and distribution lines, sub
stations, switching stations, low
voltage networks, and other similar
engineering.
Ford Motor Company and Gilfil
lan Brothers Inc. will continue con
ducting interviews lod:iy if the
j-chedtilc si;;n-up at the Student
Placement Service ileniands it.
Reynolds Metals Company and
Hawaiian Elect ic Company Ltd. are
also conducting interviews today.
Reynolds Metals Company has po
sitions for mechanical, industrial,
and metallurgical engineers. These
openings are for trainees to work
toward assignments in process engi
neering, production management,
machinery de-:ign, or industrial en
gineering. Metallurgists are re
quired for the metallurgical depart
ment.
Openings for electrical engineer
ing graduates are being offered by
the Hawaiian Electric Company.
The work will consist of designing
overhead and underground trans
mission and distribution lines, sub
stations, switching stations, low
voltage networks, and other similar
engineering.
Ford Motor Company and Gilfil
lan Brothers Inc. will continue con
ducting interviews lod:iy if the
j-chedtilc si;;n-up at the Student
Placement Service ileniands it.
Reynolds Metals Company and
Hawaiian Elect ic Company Ltd. are
also conducting interviews today.
Reynolds Metals Company has po
sitions for mechanical, industrial,
and metallurgical engineers. These
openings are for trainees to work
toward assignments in process engi
neering, production management,
machinery de-:ign, or industrial en
gineering. Metallurgists are re
quired for the metallurgical depart
ment.
Openings for electrical engineer
ing graduates are being offered by
the Hawaiian Electric Company.
The work will consist of designing
overhead and underground trans
mission and distribution lines, sub
stations, switching stations, low
voltage networks, and other similar
engineering.
Ford Motor Company and Gilfil
lan Brothers Inc. will continue con
ducting interviews lod:iy if the
j-chedtilc si;;n-up at the Student
Placement Service ileniands it.
Reynolds Metals Company and
Hawaiian Elect ic Company Ltd. are
also conducting interviews today.
Reynolds Metals Company has po
sitions for mechanical, industrial,
and metallurgical engineers. These
openings are for trainees to work
toward assignments in process engi
neering, production management,
machinery de-:ign, or industrial en
gineering. Metallurgists are re
quired for the metallurgical depart
ment.
Openings for electrical engineer
ing graduates are being offered by
the Hawaiian Electric Company.
The work will consist of designing
overhead and underground trans
mission and distribution lines, sub
stations, switching stations, low
voltage networks, and other similar
engineering.
