# TODAY
## 
### 
Drowning a drought
Both houses of Congress over
whelmingly pass massive aid to
farmers suffering from one of the
worst droughts since the
"Dustbowl" days of the 19305.
I'uife 3
Steel laaaaaa!
The Stanford Actor's Project —
gives aspiring actors the chancc
to work alongside professionals in
productions such as "A Streetcar
Named Desire." Paije 7
Break your fast
Food is the rage in Berkeley and
Palo Alto as Mia Man/utli and
Karin McDonald lead the hungry
masses to eateries serving break
fast, french food and muffin heav
en. Page 10
Drowning a drought
Both houses of Congress over
whelmingly pass massive aid to
farmers suffering from one of the
worst droughts since the
"Dustbowl" days of the 19305.
I'uife 3
Steel laaaaaa!
The Stanford Actor's Project —
gives aspiring actors the chancc
to work alongside professionals in
productions such as "A Streetcar
Named Desire." Paije 7
Break your fast
Food is the rage in Berkeley and
Palo Alto as Mia Man/utli and
Karin McDonald lead the hungry
masses to eateries serving break
fast, french food and muffin heav
en. Page 10
Drowning a drought
Both houses of Congress over
whelmingly pass massive aid to
farmers suffering from one of the
worst droughts since the
"Dustbowl" days of the 19305.
I'uife 3
Steel laaaaaa!
The Stanford Actor's Project —
gives aspiring actors the chancc
to work alongside professionals in
productions such as "A Streetcar
Named Desire." Paije 7
Break your fast
Food is the rage in Berkeley and
Palo Alto as Mia Man/utli and
Karin McDonald lead the hungry
masses to eateries serving break
fast, french food and muffin heav
en. Page 10
Drowning a drought
Both houses of Congress over
whelmingly pass massive aid to
farmers suffering from one of the
worst droughts since the
"Dustbowl" days of the 19305.
I'uife 3
Steel laaaaaa!
The Stanford Actor's Project —
gives aspiring actors the chancc
to work alongside professionals in
productions such as "A Streetcar
Named Desire." Paije 7
Break your fast
Food is the rage in Berkeley and
Palo Alto as Mia Man/utli and
Karin McDonald lead the hungry
masses to eateries serving break
fast, french food and muffin heav
en. Page 10
Drowning a drought
Both houses of Congress over
whelmingly pass massive aid to
farmers suffering from one of the
worst droughts since the
"Dustbowl" days of the 19305.
I'uife 3
Steel laaaaaa!
The Stanford Actor's Project —
gives aspiring actors the chancc
to work alongside professionals in
productions such as "A Streetcar
Named Desire." Paije 7
Break your fast
Food is the rage in Berkeley and
Palo Alto as Mia Man/utli and
Karin McDonald lead the hungry
masses to eateries serving break
fast, french food and muffin heav
en. Page 10
Drowning a drought
Both houses of Congress over
whelmingly pass massive aid to
farmers suffering from one of the
worst droughts since the
"Dustbowl" days of the 19305.
I'uife 3
Steel laaaaaa!
The Stanford Actor's Project —
gives aspiring actors the chancc
to work alongside professionals in
productions such as "A Streetcar
Named Desire." Paije 7
Break your fast
Food is the rage in Berkeley and
Palo Alto as Mia Man/utli and
Karin McDonald lead the hungry
masses to eateries serving break
fast, french food and muffin heav
en. Page 10
Drowning a drought
Both houses of Congress over
whelmingly pass massive aid to
farmers suffering from one of the
worst droughts since the
"Dustbowl" days of the 19305.
I'uife 3
Steel laaaaaa!
The Stanford Actor's Project —
gives aspiring actors the chancc
to work alongside professionals in
productions such as "A Streetcar
Named Desire." Paije 7
Break your fast
Food is the rage in Berkeley and
Palo Alto as Mia Man/utli and
Karin McDonald lead the hungry
masses to eateries serving break
fast, french food and muffin heav
en. Page 10
