# Adv. 4 Page 2
## 
### 
The VARSITY Tailors
Cleaners and Dyers
Our plant on the campus makes
a quicker service possible
ENCINA HALL
Phone 1442-W
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
637 Emerson St.
The VARSITY Tailors
Cleaners and Dyers
Our plant on the campus makes
a quicker service possible
ENCINA HALL
Phone 1442-W
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
637 Emerson St.
The VARSITY Tailors
Cleaners and Dyers
Our plant on the campus makes
a quicker service possible
ENCINA HALL
Phone 1442-W
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
637 Emerson St.
The VARSITY Tailors
Cleaners and Dyers
Our plant on the campus makes
a quicker service possible
ENCINA HALL
Phone 1442-W
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
637 Emerson St.
The VARSITY Tailors
Cleaners and Dyers
Our plant on the campus makes
a quicker service possible
ENCINA HALL
Phone 1442-W
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
637 Emerson St.
The VARSITY Tailors
Cleaners and Dyers
Our plant on the campus makes
a quicker service possible
ENCINA HALL
Phone 1442-W
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
637 Emerson St.
The VARSITY Tailors
Cleaners and Dyers
Our plant on the campus makes
a quicker service possible
ENCINA HALL
Phone 1442-W
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
637 Emerson St.
The VARSITY Tailors
Cleaners and Dyers
Our plant on the campus makes
a quicker service possible
ENCINA HALL
Phone 1442-W
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
637 Emerson St.
The VARSITY Tailors
Cleaners and Dyers
Our plant on the campus makes
a quicker service possible
ENCINA HALL
Phone 1442-W
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
637 Emerson St.
The VARSITY Tailors
Cleaners and Dyers
Our plant on the campus makes
a quicker service possible
ENCINA HALL
Phone 1442-W
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
637 Emerson St.
The VARSITY Tailors
Cleaners and Dyers
Our plant on the campus makes
a quicker service possible
ENCINA HALL
Phone 1442-W
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
637 Emerson St.
The VARSITY Tailors
Cleaners and Dyers
Our plant on the campus makes
a quicker service possible
ENCINA HALL
Phone 1442-W
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
637 Emerson St.
The VARSITY Tailors
Cleaners and Dyers
Our plant on the campus makes
a quicker service possible
ENCINA HALL
Phone 1442-W
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
637 Emerson St.
The VARSITY Tailors
Cleaners and Dyers
Our plant on the campus makes
a quicker service possible
ENCINA HALL
Phone 1442-W
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
637 Emerson St.
The VARSITY Tailors
Cleaners and Dyers
Our plant on the campus makes
a quicker service possible
ENCINA HALL
Phone 1442-W
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
637 Emerson St.
The VARSITY Tailors
Cleaners and Dyers
Our plant on the campus makes
a quicker service possible
ENCINA HALL
Phone 1442-W
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
637 Emerson St.
