# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
Candy
EVERY ONE KNOWS
Liggetts
Again our 4 4 XM A S
SPECIAL"—A l/ 2
lb. box of the most deli
cious, high grade, As
sorted Chocolates—
Special!
$ 1 per box
l/l lbs. each
WEINGARTNER & CO.
PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA
Phone 53
TRY THE DRUG STORE FIRST
"
1
Candy
EVERY ONE KNOWS
Liggetts
Again our 4 4 XM A S
SPECIAL"—A l/ 2
lb. box of the most deli
cious, high grade, As
sorted Chocolates—
Special!
$ 1 per box
l/l lbs. each
WEINGARTNER & CO.
PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA
Phone 53
TRY THE DRUG STORE FIRST
"
1
Candy
EVERY ONE KNOWS
Liggetts
Again our 4 4 XM A S
SPECIAL"—A l/ 2
lb. box of the most deli
cious, high grade, As
sorted Chocolates—
Special!
$ 1 per box
l/l lbs. each
WEINGARTNER & CO.
PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA
Phone 53
TRY THE DRUG STORE FIRST
"
1
Candy
EVERY ONE KNOWS
Liggetts
Again our 4 4 XM A S
SPECIAL"—A l/ 2
lb. box of the most deli
cious, high grade, As
sorted Chocolates—
Special!
$ 1 per box
l/l lbs. each
WEINGARTNER & CO.
PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA
Phone 53
TRY THE DRUG STORE FIRST
"
1
Candy
EVERY ONE KNOWS
Liggetts
Again our 4 4 XM A S
SPECIAL"—A l/ 2
lb. box of the most deli
cious, high grade, As
sorted Chocolates—
Special!
$ 1 per box
l/l lbs. each
WEINGARTNER & CO.
PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA
Phone 53
TRY THE DRUG STORE FIRST
"
1
Candy
EVERY ONE KNOWS
Liggetts
Again our 4 4 XM A S
SPECIAL"—A l/ 2
lb. box of the most deli
cious, high grade, As
sorted Chocolates—
Special!
$ 1 per box
l/l lbs. each
WEINGARTNER & CO.
PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA
Phone 53
TRY THE DRUG STORE FIRST
"
1
Candy
EVERY ONE KNOWS
Liggetts
Again our 4 4 XM A S
SPECIAL"—A l/ 2
lb. box of the most deli
cious, high grade, As
sorted Chocolates—
Special!
$ 1 per box
l/l lbs. each
WEINGARTNER & CO.
PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA
Phone 53
TRY THE DRUG STORE FIRST
"
1
Candy
EVERY ONE KNOWS
Liggetts
Again our 4 4 XM A S
SPECIAL"—A l/ 2
lb. box of the most deli
cious, high grade, As
sorted Chocolates—
Special!
$ 1 per box
l/l lbs. each
WEINGARTNER & CO.
PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA
Phone 53
TRY THE DRUG STORE FIRST
"
1
Candy
EVERY ONE KNOWS
Liggetts
Again our 4 4 XM A S
SPECIAL"—A l/ 2
lb. box of the most deli
cious, high grade, As
sorted Chocolates—
Special!
$ 1 per box
l/l lbs. each
WEINGARTNER & CO.
PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA
Phone 53
TRY THE DRUG STORE FIRST
"
1
Candy
EVERY ONE KNOWS
Liggetts
Again our 4 4 XM A S
SPECIAL"—A l/ 2
lb. box of the most deli
cious, high grade, As
sorted Chocolates—
Special!
$ 1 per box
l/l lbs. each
WEINGARTNER & CO.
PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA
Phone 53
TRY THE DRUG STORE FIRST
"
1
Candy
EVERY ONE KNOWS
Liggetts
Again our 4 4 XM A S
SPECIAL"—A l/ 2
lb. box of the most deli
cious, high grade, As
sorted Chocolates—
Special!
$ 1 per box
l/l lbs. each
WEINGARTNER & CO.
PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA
Phone 53
TRY THE DRUG STORE FIRST
"
1
Candy
EVERY ONE KNOWS
Liggetts
Again our 4 4 XM A S
SPECIAL"—A l/ 2
lb. box of the most deli
cious, high grade, As
sorted Chocolates—
Special!
$ 1 per box
l/l lbs. each
WEINGARTNER & CO.
PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA
Phone 53
TRY THE DRUG STORE FIRST
"
1
Candy
EVERY ONE KNOWS
Liggetts
Again our 4 4 XM A S
SPECIAL"—A l/ 2
lb. box of the most deli
cious, high grade, As
sorted Chocolates—
Special!
$ 1 per box
l/l lbs. each
WEINGARTNER & CO.
PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA
Phone 53
TRY THE DRUG STORE FIRST
"
1
Candy
EVERY ONE KNOWS
Liggetts
Again our 4 4 XM A S
SPECIAL"—A l/ 2
lb. box of the most deli
cious, high grade, As
sorted Chocolates—
Special!
$ 1 per box
l/l lbs. each
WEINGARTNER & CO.
PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA
Phone 53
TRY THE DRUG STORE FIRST
"
1
Candy
EVERY ONE KNOWS
Liggetts
Again our 4 4 XM A S
SPECIAL"—A l/ 2
lb. box of the most deli
cious, high grade, As
sorted Chocolates—
Special!
$ 1 per box
l/l lbs. each
WEINGARTNER & CO.
PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA
Phone 53
TRY THE DRUG STORE FIRST
"
1
Candy
EVERY ONE KNOWS
Liggetts
Again our 4 4 XM A S
SPECIAL"—A l/ 2
lb. box of the most deli
cious, high grade, As
sorted Chocolates—
Special!
$ 1 per box
l/l lbs. each
WEINGARTNER & CO.
PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA
Phone 53
TRY THE DRUG STORE FIRST
"
1
