# Asilomar Conference to Attract 600 Delegates
## 
### 
Plans for the annual Asilomar Cort
ference this year on December 27 call
for 600 delegates—twice as many as
have attended previous conferences.
Many representative men from col
leges of the seven western states and
from British Columbia, Mexico, and
Hawaii will assemble at the meeting.
The purpose of these Asilomar Con
ferences is to give college men an
opportunity to discuss, under leader
ship, problems relating to civic and
moral issues, and to emphasize the
supremacy of spiritual values, and
many other matters of cardinal im
portance.
Plans for the annual Asilomar Cort
ference this year on December 27 call
for 600 delegates—twice as many as
have attended previous conferences.
Many representative men from col
leges of the seven western states and
from British Columbia, Mexico, and
Hawaii will assemble at the meeting.
The purpose of these Asilomar Con
ferences is to give college men an
opportunity to discuss, under leader
ship, problems relating to civic and
moral issues, and to emphasize the
supremacy of spiritual values, and
many other matters of cardinal im
portance.
Plans for the annual Asilomar Cort
ference this year on December 27 call
for 600 delegates—twice as many as
have attended previous conferences.
Many representative men from col
leges of the seven western states and
from British Columbia, Mexico, and
Hawaii will assemble at the meeting.
The purpose of these Asilomar Con
ferences is to give college men an
opportunity to discuss, under leader
ship, problems relating to civic and
moral issues, and to emphasize the
supremacy of spiritual values, and
many other matters of cardinal im
portance.
Plans for the annual Asilomar Cort
ference this year on December 27 call
for 600 delegates—twice as many as
have attended previous conferences.
Many representative men from col
leges of the seven western states and
from British Columbia, Mexico, and
Hawaii will assemble at the meeting.
The purpose of these Asilomar Con
ferences is to give college men an
opportunity to discuss, under leader
ship, problems relating to civic and
moral issues, and to emphasize the
supremacy of spiritual values, and
many other matters of cardinal im
portance.
Plans for the annual Asilomar Cort
ference this year on December 27 call
for 600 delegates—twice as many as
have attended previous conferences.
Many representative men from col
leges of the seven western states and
from British Columbia, Mexico, and
Hawaii will assemble at the meeting.
The purpose of these Asilomar Con
ferences is to give college men an
opportunity to discuss, under leader
ship, problems relating to civic and
moral issues, and to emphasize the
supremacy of spiritual values, and
many other matters of cardinal im
portance.
Plans for the annual Asilomar Cort
ference this year on December 27 call
for 600 delegates—twice as many as
have attended previous conferences.
Many representative men from col
leges of the seven western states and
from British Columbia, Mexico, and
Hawaii will assemble at the meeting.
The purpose of these Asilomar Con
ferences is to give college men an
opportunity to discuss, under leader
ship, problems relating to civic and
moral issues, and to emphasize the
supremacy of spiritual values, and
many other matters of cardinal im
portance.
Plans for the annual Asilomar Cort
ference this year on December 27 call
for 600 delegates—twice as many as
have attended previous conferences.
Many representative men from col
leges of the seven western states and
from British Columbia, Mexico, and
Hawaii will assemble at the meeting.
The purpose of these Asilomar Con
ferences is to give college men an
opportunity to discuss, under leader
ship, problems relating to civic and
moral issues, and to emphasize the
supremacy of spiritual values, and
many other matters of cardinal im
portance.
Plans for the annual Asilomar Cort
ference this year on December 27 call
for 600 delegates—twice as many as
have attended previous conferences.
Many representative men from col
leges of the seven western states and
from British Columbia, Mexico, and
Hawaii will assemble at the meeting.
The purpose of these Asilomar Con
ferences is to give college men an
opportunity to discuss, under leader
ship, problems relating to civic and
moral issues, and to emphasize the
supremacy of spiritual values, and
many other matters of cardinal im
portance.
Plans for the annual Asilomar Cort
ference this year on December 27 call
for 600 delegates—twice as many as
have attended previous conferences.
Many representative men from col
leges of the seven western states and
from British Columbia, Mexico, and
Hawaii will assemble at the meeting.
The purpose of these Asilomar Con
ferences is to give college men an
opportunity to discuss, under leader
ship, problems relating to civic and
moral issues, and to emphasize the
supremacy of spiritual values, and
many other matters of cardinal im
portance.
Plans for the annual Asilomar Cort
ference this year on December 27 call
for 600 delegates—twice as many as
have attended previous conferences.
Many representative men from col
leges of the seven western states and
from British Columbia, Mexico, and
Hawaii will assemble at the meeting.
The purpose of these Asilomar Con
ferences is to give college men an
opportunity to discuss, under leader
ship, problems relating to civic and
moral issues, and to emphasize the
supremacy of spiritual values, and
many other matters of cardinal im
portance.
Plans for the annual Asilomar Cort
ference this year on December 27 call
for 600 delegates—twice as many as
have attended previous conferences.
Many representative men from col
leges of the seven western states and
from British Columbia, Mexico, and
Hawaii will assemble at the meeting.
The purpose of these Asilomar Con
ferences is to give college men an
opportunity to discuss, under leader
ship, problems relating to civic and
moral issues, and to emphasize the
supremacy of spiritual values, and
many other matters of cardinal im
portance.
Plans for the annual Asilomar Cort
ference this year on December 27 call
for 600 delegates—twice as many as
have attended previous conferences.
Many representative men from col
leges of the seven western states and
from British Columbia, Mexico, and
Hawaii will assemble at the meeting.
The purpose of these Asilomar Con
ferences is to give college men an
opportunity to discuss, under leader
ship, problems relating to civic and
moral issues, and to emphasize the
supremacy of spiritual values, and
many other matters of cardinal im
portance.
Plans for the annual Asilomar Cort
ference this year on December 27 call
for 600 delegates—twice as many as
have attended previous conferences.
Many representative men from col
leges of the seven western states and
from British Columbia, Mexico, and
Hawaii will assemble at the meeting.
The purpose of these Asilomar Con
ferences is to give college men an
opportunity to discuss, under leader
ship, problems relating to civic and
moral issues, and to emphasize the
supremacy of spiritual values, and
many other matters of cardinal im
portance.
Plans for the annual Asilomar Cort
ference this year on December 27 call
for 600 delegates—twice as many as
have attended previous conferences.
Many representative men from col
leges of the seven western states and
from British Columbia, Mexico, and
Hawaii will assemble at the meeting.
The purpose of these Asilomar Con
ferences is to give college men an
opportunity to discuss, under leader
ship, problems relating to civic and
moral issues, and to emphasize the
supremacy of spiritual values, and
many other matters of cardinal im
portance.
Plans for the annual Asilomar Cort
ference this year on December 27 call
for 600 delegates—twice as many as
have attended previous conferences.
Many representative men from col
leges of the seven western states and
from British Columbia, Mexico, and
Hawaii will assemble at the meeting.
The purpose of these Asilomar Con
ferences is to give college men an
opportunity to discuss, under leader
ship, problems relating to civic and
moral issues, and to emphasize the
supremacy of spiritual values, and
many other matters of cardinal im
portance.
Plans for the annual Asilomar Cort
ference this year on December 27 call
for 600 delegates—twice as many as
have attended previous conferences.
Many representative men from col
leges of the seven western states and
from British Columbia, Mexico, and
Hawaii will assemble at the meeting.
The purpose of these Asilomar Con
ferences is to give college men an
opportunity to discuss, under leader
ship, problems relating to civic and
moral issues, and to emphasize the
supremacy of spiritual values, and
many other matters of cardinal im
portance.
