# De Molay Initiates Five New Members at Meeting
## 
### 
Five new members were initiated at
the regular meeting of the Palo Alto
Chapter of DeMolay, held last night
in the Brown room of the Masonic
Temple. C. Ferguson, C. West, J. Har
vey, H. Hansen, and E. Worth were
those admitted to the Order.
Plans for the DeMolay dance Decem
ber 6 have been made by the commit
tee. The dance will be held at the
Women's Clubhouse, Tyroler's orches
tra will play, and tickets are being
sold for one dollar.

A symphony orchestra is the latest
musical venture at Columbia Univer
sity. A concert will be given soon.
Five new members were initiated at
the regular meeting of the Palo Alto
Chapter of DeMolay, held last night
in the Brown room of the Masonic
Temple. C. Ferguson, C. West, J. Har
vey, H. Hansen, and E. Worth were
those admitted to the Order.
Plans for the DeMolay dance Decem
ber 6 have been made by the commit
tee. The dance will be held at the
Women's Clubhouse, Tyroler's orches
tra will play, and tickets are being
sold for one dollar.

A symphony orchestra is the latest
musical venture at Columbia Univer
sity. A concert will be given soon.
Five new members were initiated at
the regular meeting of the Palo Alto
Chapter of DeMolay, held last night
in the Brown room of the Masonic
Temple. C. Ferguson, C. West, J. Har
vey, H. Hansen, and E. Worth were
those admitted to the Order.
Plans for the DeMolay dance Decem
ber 6 have been made by the commit
tee. The dance will be held at the
Women's Clubhouse, Tyroler's orches
tra will play, and tickets are being
sold for one dollar.

A symphony orchestra is the latest
musical venture at Columbia Univer
sity. A concert will be given soon.
Five new members were initiated at
the regular meeting of the Palo Alto
Chapter of DeMolay, held last night
in the Brown room of the Masonic
Temple. C. Ferguson, C. West, J. Har
vey, H. Hansen, and E. Worth were
those admitted to the Order.
Plans for the DeMolay dance Decem
ber 6 have been made by the commit
tee. The dance will be held at the
Women's Clubhouse, Tyroler's orches
tra will play, and tickets are being
sold for one dollar.

A symphony orchestra is the latest
musical venture at Columbia Univer
sity. A concert will be given soon.
Five new members were initiated at
the regular meeting of the Palo Alto
Chapter of DeMolay, held last night
in the Brown room of the Masonic
Temple. C. Ferguson, C. West, J. Har
vey, H. Hansen, and E. Worth were
those admitted to the Order.
Plans for the DeMolay dance Decem
ber 6 have been made by the commit
tee. The dance will be held at the
Women's Clubhouse, Tyroler's orches
tra will play, and tickets are being
sold for one dollar.

A symphony orchestra is the latest
musical venture at Columbia Univer
sity. A concert will be given soon.
Five new members were initiated at
the regular meeting of the Palo Alto
Chapter of DeMolay, held last night
in the Brown room of the Masonic
Temple. C. Ferguson, C. West, J. Har
vey, H. Hansen, and E. Worth were
those admitted to the Order.
Plans for the DeMolay dance Decem
ber 6 have been made by the commit
tee. The dance will be held at the
Women's Clubhouse, Tyroler's orches
tra will play, and tickets are being
sold for one dollar.

A symphony orchestra is the latest
musical venture at Columbia Univer
sity. A concert will be given soon.
Five new members were initiated at
the regular meeting of the Palo Alto
Chapter of DeMolay, held last night
in the Brown room of the Masonic
Temple. C. Ferguson, C. West, J. Har
vey, H. Hansen, and E. Worth were
those admitted to the Order.
Plans for the DeMolay dance Decem
ber 6 have been made by the commit
tee. The dance will be held at the
Women's Clubhouse, Tyroler's orches
tra will play, and tickets are being
sold for one dollar.

A symphony orchestra is the latest
musical venture at Columbia Univer
sity. A concert will be given soon.
Five new members were initiated at
the regular meeting of the Palo Alto
Chapter of DeMolay, held last night
in the Brown room of the Masonic
Temple. C. Ferguson, C. West, J. Har
vey, H. Hansen, and E. Worth were
those admitted to the Order.
Plans for the DeMolay dance Decem
ber 6 have been made by the commit
tee. The dance will be held at the
Women's Clubhouse, Tyroler's orches
tra will play, and tickets are being
sold for one dollar.

A symphony orchestra is the latest
musical venture at Columbia Univer
sity. A concert will be given soon.
Five new members were initiated at
the regular meeting of the Palo Alto
Chapter of DeMolay, held last night
in the Brown room of the Masonic
Temple. C. Ferguson, C. West, J. Har
vey, H. Hansen, and E. Worth were
those admitted to the Order.
Plans for the DeMolay dance Decem
ber 6 have been made by the commit
tee. The dance will be held at the
Women's Clubhouse, Tyroler's orches
tra will play, and tickets are being
sold for one dollar.

A symphony orchestra is the latest
musical venture at Columbia Univer
sity. A concert will be given soon.
Five new members were initiated at
the regular meeting of the Palo Alto
Chapter of DeMolay, held last night
in the Brown room of the Masonic
Temple. C. Ferguson, C. West, J. Har
vey, H. Hansen, and E. Worth were
those admitted to the Order.
Plans for the DeMolay dance Decem
ber 6 have been made by the commit
tee. The dance will be held at the
Women's Clubhouse, Tyroler's orches
tra will play, and tickets are being
sold for one dollar.

A symphony orchestra is the latest
musical venture at Columbia Univer
sity. A concert will be given soon.
Five new members were initiated at
the regular meeting of the Palo Alto
Chapter of DeMolay, held last night
in the Brown room of the Masonic
Temple. C. Ferguson, C. West, J. Har
vey, H. Hansen, and E. Worth were
those admitted to the Order.
Plans for the DeMolay dance Decem
ber 6 have been made by the commit
tee. The dance will be held at the
Women's Clubhouse, Tyroler's orches
tra will play, and tickets are being
sold for one dollar.

A symphony orchestra is the latest
musical venture at Columbia Univer
sity. A concert will be given soon.
Five new members were initiated at
the regular meeting of the Palo Alto
Chapter of DeMolay, held last night
in the Brown room of the Masonic
Temple. C. Ferguson, C. West, J. Har
vey, H. Hansen, and E. Worth were
those admitted to the Order.
Plans for the DeMolay dance Decem
ber 6 have been made by the commit
tee. The dance will be held at the
Women's Clubhouse, Tyroler's orches
tra will play, and tickets are being
sold for one dollar.

A symphony orchestra is the latest
musical venture at Columbia Univer
sity. A concert will be given soon.
Five new members were initiated at
the regular meeting of the Palo Alto
Chapter of DeMolay, held last night
in the Brown room of the Masonic
Temple. C. Ferguson, C. West, J. Har
vey, H. Hansen, and E. Worth were
those admitted to the Order.
Plans for the DeMolay dance Decem
ber 6 have been made by the commit
tee. The dance will be held at the
Women's Clubhouse, Tyroler's orches
tra will play, and tickets are being
sold for one dollar.

A symphony orchestra is the latest
musical venture at Columbia Univer
sity. A concert will be given soon.
Five new members were initiated at
the regular meeting of the Palo Alto
Chapter of DeMolay, held last night
in the Brown room of the Masonic
Temple. C. Ferguson, C. West, J. Har
vey, H. Hansen, and E. Worth were
those admitted to the Order.
Plans for the DeMolay dance Decem
ber 6 have been made by the commit
tee. The dance will be held at the
Women's Clubhouse, Tyroler's orches
tra will play, and tickets are being
sold for one dollar.

A symphony orchestra is the latest
musical venture at Columbia Univer
sity. A concert will be given soon.
Five new members were initiated at
the regular meeting of the Palo Alto
Chapter of DeMolay, held last night
in the Brown room of the Masonic
Temple. C. Ferguson, C. West, J. Har
vey, H. Hansen, and E. Worth were
those admitted to the Order.
Plans for the DeMolay dance Decem
ber 6 have been made by the commit
tee. The dance will be held at the
Women's Clubhouse, Tyroler's orches
tra will play, and tickets are being
sold for one dollar.

A symphony orchestra is the latest
musical venture at Columbia Univer
sity. A concert will be given soon.
Five new members were initiated at
the regular meeting of the Palo Alto
Chapter of DeMolay, held last night
in the Brown room of the Masonic
Temple. C. Ferguson, C. West, J. Har
vey, H. Hansen, and E. Worth were
those admitted to the Order.
Plans for the DeMolay dance Decem
ber 6 have been made by the commit
tee. The dance will be held at the
Women's Clubhouse, Tyroler's orches
tra will play, and tickets are being
sold for one dollar.

A symphony orchestra is the latest
musical venture at Columbia Univer
sity. A concert will be given soon.
