# Dean Seashore Will Speak To Faculty This Evening
## 
### 
Dean Carl Emil Seashore of the Uni
versity of lowa, who is spending six
weeks, under the auspices of the Na
tional Research Council, visiting uni
versities of the West in connection
with problems relating to the discov
ery and encouragement of intellectu
ally superior students, will address
members of the faculty at the Faculty
Clubhouse tonight at 8 o'clock.
Dean Carl Emil Seashore of the Uni
versity of lowa, who is spending six
weeks, under the auspices of the Na
tional Research Council, visiting uni
versities of the West in connection
with problems relating to the discov
ery and encouragement of intellectu
ally superior students, will address
members of the faculty at the Faculty
Clubhouse tonight at 8 o'clock.
Dean Carl Emil Seashore of the Uni
versity of lowa, who is spending six
weeks, under the auspices of the Na
tional Research Council, visiting uni
versities of the West in connection
with problems relating to the discov
ery and encouragement of intellectu
ally superior students, will address
members of the faculty at the Faculty
Clubhouse tonight at 8 o'clock.
Dean Carl Emil Seashore of the Uni
versity of lowa, who is spending six
weeks, under the auspices of the Na
tional Research Council, visiting uni
versities of the West in connection
with problems relating to the discov
ery and encouragement of intellectu
ally superior students, will address
members of the faculty at the Faculty
Clubhouse tonight at 8 o'clock.
Dean Carl Emil Seashore of the Uni
versity of lowa, who is spending six
weeks, under the auspices of the Na
tional Research Council, visiting uni
versities of the West in connection
with problems relating to the discov
ery and encouragement of intellectu
ally superior students, will address
members of the faculty at the Faculty
Clubhouse tonight at 8 o'clock.
Dean Carl Emil Seashore of the Uni
versity of lowa, who is spending six
weeks, under the auspices of the Na
tional Research Council, visiting uni
versities of the West in connection
with problems relating to the discov
ery and encouragement of intellectu
ally superior students, will address
members of the faculty at the Faculty
Clubhouse tonight at 8 o'clock.
Dean Carl Emil Seashore of the Uni
versity of lowa, who is spending six
weeks, under the auspices of the Na
tional Research Council, visiting uni
versities of the West in connection
with problems relating to the discov
ery and encouragement of intellectu
ally superior students, will address
members of the faculty at the Faculty
Clubhouse tonight at 8 o'clock.
Dean Carl Emil Seashore of the Uni
versity of lowa, who is spending six
weeks, under the auspices of the Na
tional Research Council, visiting uni
versities of the West in connection
with problems relating to the discov
ery and encouragement of intellectu
ally superior students, will address
members of the faculty at the Faculty
Clubhouse tonight at 8 o'clock.
Dean Carl Emil Seashore of the Uni
versity of lowa, who is spending six
weeks, under the auspices of the Na
tional Research Council, visiting uni
versities of the West in connection
with problems relating to the discov
ery and encouragement of intellectu
ally superior students, will address
members of the faculty at the Faculty
Clubhouse tonight at 8 o'clock.
Dean Carl Emil Seashore of the Uni
versity of lowa, who is spending six
weeks, under the auspices of the Na
tional Research Council, visiting uni
versities of the West in connection
with problems relating to the discov
ery and encouragement of intellectu
ally superior students, will address
members of the faculty at the Faculty
Clubhouse tonight at 8 o'clock.
Dean Carl Emil Seashore of the Uni
versity of lowa, who is spending six
weeks, under the auspices of the Na
tional Research Council, visiting uni
versities of the West in connection
with problems relating to the discov
ery and encouragement of intellectu
ally superior students, will address
members of the faculty at the Faculty
Clubhouse tonight at 8 o'clock.
Dean Carl Emil Seashore of the Uni
versity of lowa, who is spending six
weeks, under the auspices of the Na
tional Research Council, visiting uni
versities of the West in connection
with problems relating to the discov
ery and encouragement of intellectu
ally superior students, will address
members of the faculty at the Faculty
Clubhouse tonight at 8 o'clock.
Dean Carl Emil Seashore of the Uni
versity of lowa, who is spending six
weeks, under the auspices of the Na
tional Research Council, visiting uni
versities of the West in connection
with problems relating to the discov
ery and encouragement of intellectu
ally superior students, will address
members of the faculty at the Faculty
Clubhouse tonight at 8 o'clock.
Dean Carl Emil Seashore of the Uni
versity of lowa, who is spending six
weeks, under the auspices of the Na
tional Research Council, visiting uni
versities of the West in connection
with problems relating to the discov
ery and encouragement of intellectu
ally superior students, will address
members of the faculty at the Faculty
Clubhouse tonight at 8 o'clock.
Dean Carl Emil Seashore of the Uni
versity of lowa, who is spending six
weeks, under the auspices of the Na
tional Research Council, visiting uni
versities of the West in connection
with problems relating to the discov
ery and encouragement of intellectu
ally superior students, will address
members of the faculty at the Faculty
Clubhouse tonight at 8 o'clock.
Dean Carl Emil Seashore of the Uni
versity of lowa, who is spending six
weeks, under the auspices of the Na
tional Research Council, visiting uni
versities of the West in connection
with problems relating to the discov
ery and encouragement of intellectu
ally superior students, will address
members of the faculty at the Faculty
Clubhouse tonight at 8 o'clock.
