# TENNIS TODAY
## 
### 
The varsity team has its sec
son match of the season at 2
p.m. today against San Fer
nando State on Stanford's
courts.
The varsity team has its sec
son match of the season at 2
p.m. today against San Fer
nando State on Stanford's
courts.
The varsity team has its sec
son match of the season at 2
p.m. today against San Fer
nando State on Stanford's
courts.
The varsity team has its sec
son match of the season at 2
p.m. today against San Fer
nando State on Stanford's
courts.
The varsity team has its sec
son match of the season at 2
p.m. today against San Fer
nando State on Stanford's
courts.
The varsity team has its sec
son match of the season at 2
p.m. today against San Fer
nando State on Stanford's
courts.
The varsity team has its sec
son match of the season at 2
p.m. today against San Fer
nando State on Stanford's
courts.
The varsity team has its sec
son match of the season at 2
p.m. today against San Fer
nando State on Stanford's
courts.
The varsity team has its sec
son match of the season at 2
p.m. today against San Fer
nando State on Stanford's
courts.
The varsity team has its sec
son match of the season at 2
p.m. today against San Fer
nando State on Stanford's
courts.
The varsity team has its sec
son match of the season at 2
p.m. today against San Fer
nando State on Stanford's
courts.
The varsity team has its sec
son match of the season at 2
p.m. today against San Fer
nando State on Stanford's
courts.
The varsity team has its sec
son match of the season at 2
p.m. today against San Fer
nando State on Stanford's
courts.
The varsity team has its sec
son match of the season at 2
p.m. today against San Fer
nando State on Stanford's
courts.
The varsity team has its sec
son match of the season at 2
p.m. today against San Fer
nando State on Stanford's
courts.
The varsity team has its sec
son match of the season at 2
p.m. today against San Fer
nando State on Stanford's
courts.
