# Baker Bomb
## 
### 

Stanford 6-7 center Elch Baker
(54) soars high above the Air
Force defense as he readies a
two point bomb for the inevita
ble. Baker, shooting at a con
ference leading 667 pace for a
9.3 ppg average, bottled up Den
ver's 6-10 Brian Clare to help
the Cards to a 66-58 upset win.

Stanford 6-7 center Elch Baker
(54) soars high above the Air
Force defense as he readies a
two point bomb for the inevita
ble. Baker, shooting at a con
ference leading 667 pace for a
9.3 ppg average, bottled up Den
ver's 6-10 Brian Clare to help
the Cards to a 66-58 upset win.

Stanford 6-7 center Elch Baker
(54) soars high above the Air
Force defense as he readies a
two point bomb for the inevita
ble. Baker, shooting at a con
ference leading 667 pace for a
9.3 ppg average, bottled up Den
ver's 6-10 Brian Clare to help
the Cards to a 66-58 upset win.

Stanford 6-7 center Elch Baker
(54) soars high above the Air
Force defense as he readies a
two point bomb for the inevita
ble. Baker, shooting at a con
ference leading 667 pace for a
9.3 ppg average, bottled up Den
ver's 6-10 Brian Clare to help
the Cards to a 66-58 upset win.

Stanford 6-7 center Elch Baker
(54) soars high above the Air
Force defense as he readies a
two point bomb for the inevita
ble. Baker, shooting at a con
ference leading 667 pace for a
9.3 ppg average, bottled up Den
ver's 6-10 Brian Clare to help
the Cards to a 66-58 upset win.

Stanford 6-7 center Elch Baker
(54) soars high above the Air
Force defense as he readies a
two point bomb for the inevita
ble. Baker, shooting at a con
ference leading 667 pace for a
9.3 ppg average, bottled up Den
ver's 6-10 Brian Clare to help
the Cards to a 66-58 upset win.

Stanford 6-7 center Elch Baker
(54) soars high above the Air
Force defense as he readies a
two point bomb for the inevita
ble. Baker, shooting at a con
ference leading 667 pace for a
9.3 ppg average, bottled up Den
ver's 6-10 Brian Clare to help
the Cards to a 66-58 upset win.

Stanford 6-7 center Elch Baker
(54) soars high above the Air
Force defense as he readies a
two point bomb for the inevita
ble. Baker, shooting at a con
ference leading 667 pace for a
9.3 ppg average, bottled up Den
ver's 6-10 Brian Clare to help
the Cards to a 66-58 upset win.

Stanford 6-7 center Elch Baker
(54) soars high above the Air
Force defense as he readies a
two point bomb for the inevita
ble. Baker, shooting at a con
ference leading 667 pace for a
9.3 ppg average, bottled up Den
ver's 6-10 Brian Clare to help
the Cards to a 66-58 upset win.

Stanford 6-7 center Elch Baker
(54) soars high above the Air
Force defense as he readies a
two point bomb for the inevita
ble. Baker, shooting at a con
ference leading 667 pace for a
9.3 ppg average, bottled up Den
ver's 6-10 Brian Clare to help
the Cards to a 66-58 upset win.

Stanford 6-7 center Elch Baker
(54) soars high above the Air
Force defense as he readies a
two point bomb for the inevita
ble. Baker, shooting at a con
ference leading 667 pace for a
9.3 ppg average, bottled up Den
ver's 6-10 Brian Clare to help
the Cards to a 66-58 upset win.

Stanford 6-7 center Elch Baker
(54) soars high above the Air
Force defense as he readies a
two point bomb for the inevita
ble. Baker, shooting at a con
ference leading 667 pace for a
9.3 ppg average, bottled up Den
ver's 6-10 Brian Clare to help
the Cards to a 66-58 upset win.

Stanford 6-7 center Elch Baker
(54) soars high above the Air
Force defense as he readies a
two point bomb for the inevita
ble. Baker, shooting at a con
ference leading 667 pace for a
9.3 ppg average, bottled up Den
ver's 6-10 Brian Clare to help
the Cards to a 66-58 upset win.

Stanford 6-7 center Elch Baker
(54) soars high above the Air
Force defense as he readies a
two point bomb for the inevita
ble. Baker, shooting at a con
ference leading 667 pace for a
9.3 ppg average, bottled up Den
ver's 6-10 Brian Clare to help
the Cards to a 66-58 upset win.

Stanford 6-7 center Elch Baker
(54) soars high above the Air
Force defense as he readies a
two point bomb for the inevita
ble. Baker, shooting at a con
ference leading 667 pace for a
9.3 ppg average, bottled up Den
ver's 6-10 Brian Clare to help
the Cards to a 66-58 upset win.

Stanford 6-7 center Elch Baker
(54) soars high above the Air
Force defense as he readies a
two point bomb for the inevita
ble. Baker, shooting at a con
ference leading 667 pace for a
9.3 ppg average, bottled up Den
ver's 6-10 Brian Clare to help
the Cards to a 66-58 upset win.
