# Tit-For-Tat
## 
### 

Greek Week activities continued yesterday as fra
ternity men sowed virgin timber on the lawn of
the Undergraduate Library (left). At the same
time, branches were trimmed from trees on the
row.

Greek Week activities continued yesterday as fra
ternity men sowed virgin timber on the lawn of
the Undergraduate Library (left). At the same
time, branches were trimmed from trees on the
row.

Greek Week activities continued yesterday as fra
ternity men sowed virgin timber on the lawn of
the Undergraduate Library (left). At the same
time, branches were trimmed from trees on the
row.

Greek Week activities continued yesterday as fra
ternity men sowed virgin timber on the lawn of
the Undergraduate Library (left). At the same
time, branches were trimmed from trees on the
row.

Greek Week activities continued yesterday as fra
ternity men sowed virgin timber on the lawn of
the Undergraduate Library (left). At the same
time, branches were trimmed from trees on the
row.

Greek Week activities continued yesterday as fra
ternity men sowed virgin timber on the lawn of
the Undergraduate Library (left). At the same
time, branches were trimmed from trees on the
row.

Greek Week activities continued yesterday as fra
ternity men sowed virgin timber on the lawn of
the Undergraduate Library (left). At the same
time, branches were trimmed from trees on the
row.

Greek Week activities continued yesterday as fra
ternity men sowed virgin timber on the lawn of
the Undergraduate Library (left). At the same
time, branches were trimmed from trees on the
row.

Greek Week activities continued yesterday as fra
ternity men sowed virgin timber on the lawn of
the Undergraduate Library (left). At the same
time, branches were trimmed from trees on the
row.

Greek Week activities continued yesterday as fra
ternity men sowed virgin timber on the lawn of
the Undergraduate Library (left). At the same
time, branches were trimmed from trees on the
row.

Greek Week activities continued yesterday as fra
ternity men sowed virgin timber on the lawn of
the Undergraduate Library (left). At the same
time, branches were trimmed from trees on the
row.

Greek Week activities continued yesterday as fra
ternity men sowed virgin timber on the lawn of
the Undergraduate Library (left). At the same
time, branches were trimmed from trees on the
row.

Greek Week activities continued yesterday as fra
ternity men sowed virgin timber on the lawn of
the Undergraduate Library (left). At the same
time, branches were trimmed from trees on the
row.

Greek Week activities continued yesterday as fra
ternity men sowed virgin timber on the lawn of
the Undergraduate Library (left). At the same
time, branches were trimmed from trees on the
row.

Greek Week activities continued yesterday as fra
ternity men sowed virgin timber on the lawn of
the Undergraduate Library (left). At the same
time, branches were trimmed from trees on the
row.

Greek Week activities continued yesterday as fra
ternity men sowed virgin timber on the lawn of
the Undergraduate Library (left). At the same
time, branches were trimmed from trees on the
row.
