# SQUAD ”A” WILL PLAY COLLEGE OF PACIFIC
## 
### 
A. M. Sanborn, '12, has chosen a
picked team from squad "A" to meet
the College of Pacific tomorrow
morning at 10:30. Those who will
leave on the S:l2 train are: Erink
nieyer, C. Single, Worthy, Vander-
Vurg, Ilayes, Swigart, Halsted, Tlial
heimer, Townsend, Dickey, Bacon,
Shaw, Sisson, Long, West, Kellogg,
thirty, Scott, Brown. McMahon and
Beal.
A. M. Sanborn, '12, has chosen a
picked team from squad "A" to meet
the College of Pacific tomorrow
morning at 10:30. Those who will
leave on the S:l2 train are: Erink
nieyer, C. Single, Worthy, Vander-
Vurg, Ilayes, Swigart, Halsted, Tlial
heimer, Townsend, Dickey, Bacon,
Shaw, Sisson, Long, West, Kellogg,
thirty, Scott, Brown. McMahon and
Beal.
A. M. Sanborn, '12, has chosen a
picked team from squad "A" to meet
the College of Pacific tomorrow
morning at 10:30. Those who will
leave on the S:l2 train are: Erink
nieyer, C. Single, Worthy, Vander-
Vurg, Ilayes, Swigart, Halsted, Tlial
heimer, Townsend, Dickey, Bacon,
Shaw, Sisson, Long, West, Kellogg,
thirty, Scott, Brown. McMahon and
Beal.
A. M. Sanborn, '12, has chosen a
picked team from squad "A" to meet
the College of Pacific tomorrow
morning at 10:30. Those who will
leave on the S:l2 train are: Erink
nieyer, C. Single, Worthy, Vander-
Vurg, Ilayes, Swigart, Halsted, Tlial
heimer, Townsend, Dickey, Bacon,
Shaw, Sisson, Long, West, Kellogg,
thirty, Scott, Brown. McMahon and
Beal.
A. M. Sanborn, '12, has chosen a
picked team from squad "A" to meet
the College of Pacific tomorrow
morning at 10:30. Those who will
leave on the S:l2 train are: Erink
nieyer, C. Single, Worthy, Vander-
Vurg, Ilayes, Swigart, Halsted, Tlial
heimer, Townsend, Dickey, Bacon,
Shaw, Sisson, Long, West, Kellogg,
thirty, Scott, Brown. McMahon and
Beal.
A. M. Sanborn, '12, has chosen a
picked team from squad "A" to meet
the College of Pacific tomorrow
morning at 10:30. Those who will
leave on the S:l2 train are: Erink
nieyer, C. Single, Worthy, Vander-
Vurg, Ilayes, Swigart, Halsted, Tlial
heimer, Townsend, Dickey, Bacon,
Shaw, Sisson, Long, West, Kellogg,
thirty, Scott, Brown. McMahon and
Beal.
A. M. Sanborn, '12, has chosen a
picked team from squad "A" to meet
the College of Pacific tomorrow
morning at 10:30. Those who will
leave on the S:l2 train are: Erink
nieyer, C. Single, Worthy, Vander-
Vurg, Ilayes, Swigart, Halsted, Tlial
heimer, Townsend, Dickey, Bacon,
Shaw, Sisson, Long, West, Kellogg,
thirty, Scott, Brown. McMahon and
Beal.
A. M. Sanborn, '12, has chosen a
picked team from squad "A" to meet
the College of Pacific tomorrow
morning at 10:30. Those who will
leave on the S:l2 train are: Erink
nieyer, C. Single, Worthy, Vander-
Vurg, Ilayes, Swigart, Halsted, Tlial
heimer, Townsend, Dickey, Bacon,
Shaw, Sisson, Long, West, Kellogg,
thirty, Scott, Brown. McMahon and
Beal.
A. M. Sanborn, '12, has chosen a
picked team from squad "A" to meet
the College of Pacific tomorrow
morning at 10:30. Those who will
leave on the S:l2 train are: Erink
nieyer, C. Single, Worthy, Vander-
Vurg, Ilayes, Swigart, Halsted, Tlial
heimer, Townsend, Dickey, Bacon,
Shaw, Sisson, Long, West, Kellogg,
thirty, Scott, Brown. McMahon and
Beal.
A. M. Sanborn, '12, has chosen a
picked team from squad "A" to meet
the College of Pacific tomorrow
morning at 10:30. Those who will
leave on the S:l2 train are: Erink
nieyer, C. Single, Worthy, Vander-
Vurg, Ilayes, Swigart, Halsted, Tlial
heimer, Townsend, Dickey, Bacon,
Shaw, Sisson, Long, West, Kellogg,
thirty, Scott, Brown. McMahon and
Beal.
A. M. Sanborn, '12, has chosen a
picked team from squad "A" to meet
the College of Pacific tomorrow
morning at 10:30. Those who will
leave on the S:l2 train are: Erink
nieyer, C. Single, Worthy, Vander-
Vurg, Ilayes, Swigart, Halsted, Tlial
heimer, Townsend, Dickey, Bacon,
Shaw, Sisson, Long, West, Kellogg,
thirty, Scott, Brown. McMahon and
Beal.
A. M. Sanborn, '12, has chosen a
picked team from squad "A" to meet
the College of Pacific tomorrow
morning at 10:30. Those who will
leave on the S:l2 train are: Erink
nieyer, C. Single, Worthy, Vander-
Vurg, Ilayes, Swigart, Halsted, Tlial
heimer, Townsend, Dickey, Bacon,
Shaw, Sisson, Long, West, Kellogg,
thirty, Scott, Brown. McMahon and
Beal.
A. M. Sanborn, '12, has chosen a
picked team from squad "A" to meet
the College of Pacific tomorrow
morning at 10:30. Those who will
leave on the S:l2 train are: Erink
nieyer, C. Single, Worthy, Vander-
Vurg, Ilayes, Swigart, Halsted, Tlial
heimer, Townsend, Dickey, Bacon,
Shaw, Sisson, Long, West, Kellogg,
thirty, Scott, Brown. McMahon and
Beal.
A. M. Sanborn, '12, has chosen a
picked team from squad "A" to meet
the College of Pacific tomorrow
morning at 10:30. Those who will
leave on the S:l2 train are: Erink
nieyer, C. Single, Worthy, Vander-
Vurg, Ilayes, Swigart, Halsted, Tlial
heimer, Townsend, Dickey, Bacon,
Shaw, Sisson, Long, West, Kellogg,
thirty, Scott, Brown. McMahon and
Beal.
