# Conference Discussed Council Actions
## 
### 
Business of a routine nature was
transacted by the University Confer
ence at its regular session of last
evening. President L. D. Summerfield,
'12, reported to tlie Conference the ac
tion of the Student Council in recent
cases. A discussion as to whether 01
not the penalties imposed by the Coun
cil were adequate disclosed a general
sentiment to the effect that these pun
ishments were of proper' weight.
Business of a routine nature was
transacted by the University Confer
ence at its regular session of last
evening. President L. D. Summerfield,
'12, reported to tlie Conference the ac
tion of the Student Council in recent
cases. A discussion as to whether 01
not the penalties imposed by the Coun
cil were adequate disclosed a general
sentiment to the effect that these pun
ishments were of proper' weight.
Business of a routine nature was
transacted by the University Confer
ence at its regular session of last
evening. President L. D. Summerfield,
'12, reported to tlie Conference the ac
tion of the Student Council in recent
cases. A discussion as to whether 01
not the penalties imposed by the Coun
cil were adequate disclosed a general
sentiment to the effect that these pun
ishments were of proper' weight.
Business of a routine nature was
transacted by the University Confer
ence at its regular session of last
evening. President L. D. Summerfield,
'12, reported to tlie Conference the ac
tion of the Student Council in recent
cases. A discussion as to whether 01
not the penalties imposed by the Coun
cil were adequate disclosed a general
sentiment to the effect that these pun
ishments were of proper' weight.
Business of a routine nature was
transacted by the University Confer
ence at its regular session of last
evening. President L. D. Summerfield,
'12, reported to tlie Conference the ac
tion of the Student Council in recent
cases. A discussion as to whether 01
not the penalties imposed by the Coun
cil were adequate disclosed a general
sentiment to the effect that these pun
ishments were of proper' weight.
Business of a routine nature was
transacted by the University Confer
ence at its regular session of last
evening. President L. D. Summerfield,
'12, reported to tlie Conference the ac
tion of the Student Council in recent
cases. A discussion as to whether 01
not the penalties imposed by the Coun
cil were adequate disclosed a general
sentiment to the effect that these pun
ishments were of proper' weight.
Business of a routine nature was
transacted by the University Confer
ence at its regular session of last
evening. President L. D. Summerfield,
'12, reported to tlie Conference the ac
tion of the Student Council in recent
cases. A discussion as to whether 01
not the penalties imposed by the Coun
cil were adequate disclosed a general
sentiment to the effect that these pun
ishments were of proper' weight.
Business of a routine nature was
transacted by the University Confer
ence at its regular session of last
evening. President L. D. Summerfield,
'12, reported to tlie Conference the ac
tion of the Student Council in recent
cases. A discussion as to whether 01
not the penalties imposed by the Coun
cil were adequate disclosed a general
sentiment to the effect that these pun
ishments were of proper' weight.
Business of a routine nature was
transacted by the University Confer
ence at its regular session of last
evening. President L. D. Summerfield,
'12, reported to tlie Conference the ac
tion of the Student Council in recent
cases. A discussion as to whether 01
not the penalties imposed by the Coun
cil were adequate disclosed a general
sentiment to the effect that these pun
ishments were of proper' weight.
Business of a routine nature was
transacted by the University Confer
ence at its regular session of last
evening. President L. D. Summerfield,
'12, reported to tlie Conference the ac
tion of the Student Council in recent
cases. A discussion as to whether 01
not the penalties imposed by the Coun
cil were adequate disclosed a general
sentiment to the effect that these pun
ishments were of proper' weight.
Business of a routine nature was
transacted by the University Confer
ence at its regular session of last
evening. President L. D. Summerfield,
'12, reported to tlie Conference the ac
tion of the Student Council in recent
cases. A discussion as to whether 01
not the penalties imposed by the Coun
cil were adequate disclosed a general
sentiment to the effect that these pun
ishments were of proper' weight.
Business of a routine nature was
transacted by the University Confer
ence at its regular session of last
evening. President L. D. Summerfield,
'12, reported to tlie Conference the ac
tion of the Student Council in recent
cases. A discussion as to whether 01
not the penalties imposed by the Coun
cil were adequate disclosed a general
sentiment to the effect that these pun
ishments were of proper' weight.
Business of a routine nature was
transacted by the University Confer
ence at its regular session of last
evening. President L. D. Summerfield,
'12, reported to tlie Conference the ac
tion of the Student Council in recent
cases. A discussion as to whether 01
not the penalties imposed by the Coun
cil were adequate disclosed a general
sentiment to the effect that these pun
ishments were of proper' weight.
Business of a routine nature was
transacted by the University Confer
ence at its regular session of last
evening. President L. D. Summerfield,
'12, reported to tlie Conference the ac
tion of the Student Council in recent
cases. A discussion as to whether 01
not the penalties imposed by the Coun
cil were adequate disclosed a general
sentiment to the effect that these pun
ishments were of proper' weight.
