# DEBATING TRIOS ARGUE INTERCOLLEGIATE TOPIC
## 
### 
Entering upon the final stage of its
preparation for the Intercollegiate
Debate, the Varsity team met the sec
ond trio this afternoon. The first
team upheld the affiirmative of the
Intercollegiate question, "Resolved,
That immigration of unskilled labor
ers of the Hellenic, Slavonic and Ital
ic races of eastern and southeastern
Europe should be prohibited."
Practices of this nature are held
every Monday and Friday, in prepa
ration for the Intercollegiate Debate
Entering upon the final stage of its
preparation for the Intercollegiate
Debate, the Varsity team met the sec
ond trio this afternoon. The first
team upheld the affiirmative of the
Intercollegiate question, "Resolved,
That immigration of unskilled labor
ers of the Hellenic, Slavonic and Ital
ic races of eastern and southeastern
Europe should be prohibited."
Practices of this nature are held
every Monday and Friday, in prepa
ration for the Intercollegiate Debate
Entering upon the final stage of its
preparation for the Intercollegiate
Debate, the Varsity team met the sec
ond trio this afternoon. The first
team upheld the affiirmative of the
Intercollegiate question, "Resolved,
That immigration of unskilled labor
ers of the Hellenic, Slavonic and Ital
ic races of eastern and southeastern
Europe should be prohibited."
Practices of this nature are held
every Monday and Friday, in prepa
ration for the Intercollegiate Debate
Entering upon the final stage of its
preparation for the Intercollegiate
Debate, the Varsity team met the sec
ond trio this afternoon. The first
team upheld the affiirmative of the
Intercollegiate question, "Resolved,
That immigration of unskilled labor
ers of the Hellenic, Slavonic and Ital
ic races of eastern and southeastern
Europe should be prohibited."
Practices of this nature are held
every Monday and Friday, in prepa
ration for the Intercollegiate Debate
Entering upon the final stage of its
preparation for the Intercollegiate
Debate, the Varsity team met the sec
ond trio this afternoon. The first
team upheld the affiirmative of the
Intercollegiate question, "Resolved,
That immigration of unskilled labor
ers of the Hellenic, Slavonic and Ital
ic races of eastern and southeastern
Europe should be prohibited."
Practices of this nature are held
every Monday and Friday, in prepa
ration for the Intercollegiate Debate
Entering upon the final stage of its
preparation for the Intercollegiate
Debate, the Varsity team met the sec
ond trio this afternoon. The first
team upheld the affiirmative of the
Intercollegiate question, "Resolved,
That immigration of unskilled labor
ers of the Hellenic, Slavonic and Ital
ic races of eastern and southeastern
Europe should be prohibited."
Practices of this nature are held
every Monday and Friday, in prepa
ration for the Intercollegiate Debate
Entering upon the final stage of its
preparation for the Intercollegiate
Debate, the Varsity team met the sec
ond trio this afternoon. The first
team upheld the affiirmative of the
Intercollegiate question, "Resolved,
That immigration of unskilled labor
ers of the Hellenic, Slavonic and Ital
ic races of eastern and southeastern
Europe should be prohibited."
Practices of this nature are held
every Monday and Friday, in prepa
ration for the Intercollegiate Debate
Entering upon the final stage of its
preparation for the Intercollegiate
Debate, the Varsity team met the sec
ond trio this afternoon. The first
team upheld the affiirmative of the
Intercollegiate question, "Resolved,
That immigration of unskilled labor
ers of the Hellenic, Slavonic and Ital
ic races of eastern and southeastern
Europe should be prohibited."
Practices of this nature are held
every Monday and Friday, in prepa
ration for the Intercollegiate Debate
Entering upon the final stage of its
preparation for the Intercollegiate
Debate, the Varsity team met the sec
ond trio this afternoon. The first
team upheld the affiirmative of the
Intercollegiate question, "Resolved,
That immigration of unskilled labor
ers of the Hellenic, Slavonic and Ital
ic races of eastern and southeastern
Europe should be prohibited."
Practices of this nature are held
every Monday and Friday, in prepa
ration for the Intercollegiate Debate
Entering upon the final stage of its
preparation for the Intercollegiate
Debate, the Varsity team met the sec
ond trio this afternoon. The first
team upheld the affiirmative of the
Intercollegiate question, "Resolved,
That immigration of unskilled labor
ers of the Hellenic, Slavonic and Ital
ic races of eastern and southeastern
Europe should be prohibited."
Practices of this nature are held
every Monday and Friday, in prepa
ration for the Intercollegiate Debate
Entering upon the final stage of its
preparation for the Intercollegiate
Debate, the Varsity team met the sec
ond trio this afternoon. The first
team upheld the affiirmative of the
Intercollegiate question, "Resolved,
That immigration of unskilled labor
ers of the Hellenic, Slavonic and Ital
ic races of eastern and southeastern
Europe should be prohibited."
Practices of this nature are held
every Monday and Friday, in prepa
ration for the Intercollegiate Debate
Entering upon the final stage of its
preparation for the Intercollegiate
Debate, the Varsity team met the sec
ond trio this afternoon. The first
team upheld the affiirmative of the
Intercollegiate question, "Resolved,
That immigration of unskilled labor
ers of the Hellenic, Slavonic and Ital
ic races of eastern and southeastern
Europe should be prohibited."
Practices of this nature are held
every Monday and Friday, in prepa
ration for the Intercollegiate Debate
Entering upon the final stage of its
preparation for the Intercollegiate
Debate, the Varsity team met the sec
ond trio this afternoon. The first
team upheld the affiirmative of the
Intercollegiate question, "Resolved,
That immigration of unskilled labor
ers of the Hellenic, Slavonic and Ital
ic races of eastern and southeastern
Europe should be prohibited."
Practices of this nature are held
every Monday and Friday, in prepa
ration for the Intercollegiate Debate
Entering upon the final stage of its
preparation for the Intercollegiate
Debate, the Varsity team met the sec
ond trio this afternoon. The first
team upheld the affiirmative of the
Intercollegiate question, "Resolved,
That immigration of unskilled labor
ers of the Hellenic, Slavonic and Ital
ic races of eastern and southeastern
Europe should be prohibited."
Practices of this nature are held
every Monday and Friday, in prepa
ration for the Intercollegiate Debate
