# Adv. 17 Page 4
## 
### 
LOST —On campus Saturday, small
yellow Pekingese dog. Child's pet.
Phone P. A. 245-W.
LOST —On campus Saturday, small
yellow Pekingese dog. Child's pet.
Phone P. A. 245-W.
LOST —On campus Saturday, small
yellow Pekingese dog. Child's pet.
Phone P. A. 245-W.
LOST —On campus Saturday, small
yellow Pekingese dog. Child's pet.
Phone P. A. 245-W.
LOST —On campus Saturday, small
yellow Pekingese dog. Child's pet.
Phone P. A. 245-W.
LOST —On campus Saturday, small
yellow Pekingese dog. Child's pet.
Phone P. A. 245-W.
LOST —On campus Saturday, small
yellow Pekingese dog. Child's pet.
Phone P. A. 245-W.
LOST —On campus Saturday, small
yellow Pekingese dog. Child's pet.
Phone P. A. 245-W.
LOST —On campus Saturday, small
yellow Pekingese dog. Child's pet.
Phone P. A. 245-W.
LOST —On campus Saturday, small
yellow Pekingese dog. Child's pet.
Phone P. A. 245-W.
LOST —On campus Saturday, small
yellow Pekingese dog. Child's pet.
Phone P. A. 245-W.
LOST —On campus Saturday, small
yellow Pekingese dog. Child's pet.
Phone P. A. 245-W.
LOST —On campus Saturday, small
yellow Pekingese dog. Child's pet.
Phone P. A. 245-W.
LOST —On campus Saturday, small
yellow Pekingese dog. Child's pet.
Phone P. A. 245-W.
LOST —On campus Saturday, small
yellow Pekingese dog. Child's pet.
Phone P. A. 245-W.
