# Botany Staff Entertains Professor Jean Massart
## 
### 
Professor and Mrs. Jean Massart of
the University of Brussels, Belgium,
were guests of honor at an informal
dinner given by the staff members and
advanced students of the Botany de
partment at the Union Friday night.
Dr. D. H. Campbell gave a short
speech expressing appreciation of Pro
fessor Massart's visit and lectures.
Professor Massart spoke in reply.
Several graduates of the botany de
partment came from neighboring cities
to the banquet.
Professor and Mrs. Jean Massart of
the University of Brussels, Belgium,
were guests of honor at an informal
dinner given by the staff members and
advanced students of the Botany de
partment at the Union Friday night.
Dr. D. H. Campbell gave a short
speech expressing appreciation of Pro
fessor Massart's visit and lectures.
Professor Massart spoke in reply.
Several graduates of the botany de
partment came from neighboring cities
to the banquet.
Professor and Mrs. Jean Massart of
the University of Brussels, Belgium,
were guests of honor at an informal
dinner given by the staff members and
advanced students of the Botany de
partment at the Union Friday night.
Dr. D. H. Campbell gave a short
speech expressing appreciation of Pro
fessor Massart's visit and lectures.
Professor Massart spoke in reply.
Several graduates of the botany de
partment came from neighboring cities
to the banquet.
Professor and Mrs. Jean Massart of
the University of Brussels, Belgium,
were guests of honor at an informal
dinner given by the staff members and
advanced students of the Botany de
partment at the Union Friday night.
Dr. D. H. Campbell gave a short
speech expressing appreciation of Pro
fessor Massart's visit and lectures.
Professor Massart spoke in reply.
Several graduates of the botany de
partment came from neighboring cities
to the banquet.
Professor and Mrs. Jean Massart of
the University of Brussels, Belgium,
were guests of honor at an informal
dinner given by the staff members and
advanced students of the Botany de
partment at the Union Friday night.
Dr. D. H. Campbell gave a short
speech expressing appreciation of Pro
fessor Massart's visit and lectures.
Professor Massart spoke in reply.
Several graduates of the botany de
partment came from neighboring cities
to the banquet.
Professor and Mrs. Jean Massart of
the University of Brussels, Belgium,
were guests of honor at an informal
dinner given by the staff members and
advanced students of the Botany de
partment at the Union Friday night.
Dr. D. H. Campbell gave a short
speech expressing appreciation of Pro
fessor Massart's visit and lectures.
Professor Massart spoke in reply.
Several graduates of the botany de
partment came from neighboring cities
to the banquet.
Professor and Mrs. Jean Massart of
the University of Brussels, Belgium,
were guests of honor at an informal
dinner given by the staff members and
advanced students of the Botany de
partment at the Union Friday night.
Dr. D. H. Campbell gave a short
speech expressing appreciation of Pro
fessor Massart's visit and lectures.
Professor Massart spoke in reply.
Several graduates of the botany de
partment came from neighboring cities
to the banquet.
Professor and Mrs. Jean Massart of
the University of Brussels, Belgium,
were guests of honor at an informal
dinner given by the staff members and
advanced students of the Botany de
partment at the Union Friday night.
Dr. D. H. Campbell gave a short
speech expressing appreciation of Pro
fessor Massart's visit and lectures.
Professor Massart spoke in reply.
Several graduates of the botany de
partment came from neighboring cities
to the banquet.
Professor and Mrs. Jean Massart of
the University of Brussels, Belgium,
were guests of honor at an informal
dinner given by the staff members and
advanced students of the Botany de
partment at the Union Friday night.
Dr. D. H. Campbell gave a short
speech expressing appreciation of Pro
fessor Massart's visit and lectures.
Professor Massart spoke in reply.
Several graduates of the botany de
partment came from neighboring cities
to the banquet.
Professor and Mrs. Jean Massart of
the University of Brussels, Belgium,
were guests of honor at an informal
dinner given by the staff members and
advanced students of the Botany de
partment at the Union Friday night.
Dr. D. H. Campbell gave a short
speech expressing appreciation of Pro
fessor Massart's visit and lectures.
Professor Massart spoke in reply.
Several graduates of the botany de
partment came from neighboring cities
to the banquet.
Professor and Mrs. Jean Massart of
the University of Brussels, Belgium,
were guests of honor at an informal
dinner given by the staff members and
advanced students of the Botany de
partment at the Union Friday night.
Dr. D. H. Campbell gave a short
speech expressing appreciation of Pro
fessor Massart's visit and lectures.
Professor Massart spoke in reply.
Several graduates of the botany de
partment came from neighboring cities
to the banquet.
Professor and Mrs. Jean Massart of
the University of Brussels, Belgium,
were guests of honor at an informal
dinner given by the staff members and
advanced students of the Botany de
partment at the Union Friday night.
Dr. D. H. Campbell gave a short
speech expressing appreciation of Pro
fessor Massart's visit and lectures.
Professor Massart spoke in reply.
Several graduates of the botany de
partment came from neighboring cities
to the banquet.
Professor and Mrs. Jean Massart of
the University of Brussels, Belgium,
were guests of honor at an informal
dinner given by the staff members and
advanced students of the Botany de
partment at the Union Friday night.
Dr. D. H. Campbell gave a short
speech expressing appreciation of Pro
fessor Massart's visit and lectures.
Professor Massart spoke in reply.
Several graduates of the botany de
partment came from neighboring cities
to the banquet.
Professor and Mrs. Jean Massart of
the University of Brussels, Belgium,
were guests of honor at an informal
dinner given by the staff members and
advanced students of the Botany de
partment at the Union Friday night.
Dr. D. H. Campbell gave a short
speech expressing appreciation of Pro
fessor Massart's visit and lectures.
Professor Massart spoke in reply.
Several graduates of the botany de
partment came from neighboring cities
to the banquet.
Professor and Mrs. Jean Massart of
the University of Brussels, Belgium,
were guests of honor at an informal
dinner given by the staff members and
advanced students of the Botany de
partment at the Union Friday night.
Dr. D. H. Campbell gave a short
speech expressing appreciation of Pro
fessor Massart's visit and lectures.
Professor Massart spoke in reply.
Several graduates of the botany de
partment came from neighboring cities
to the banquet.
