# NAME SOUGHT FOR ICE CREAM PARLOR IN STANFORD UNION
## 
### 
NOW THAT the Stanford-California
Meet Dope Contest has been closed
and the King and Queen of the
Masque have been decided, the Stan
ford Union Ice Cream Store has come
to the rescue of the Campus Contest
Fans and provided a brand new type
of affair, the winner of which will
be handsomely renumerated. A prize
will be given to the person whose
suggestion is accepted and the name
will be used in the future to desig
nate the newest addition to the cam
pus.
All suggestions should be sent to
the Name Contest Editor in care of
Daily Palo Alto, before non of Tues
gestions will be given to the Union
day, May sixth. At that time all sug-
Board of Governors, who will judge
the contest. The future name of the
retreat, as well as the person lucky
enough to suggest it, will be announ
ced in the Wednesday, May 7, isue of
the Daily. Students and persons con
nected with the University are eligi
ble to compete, and may send in as
many names as they wish. The prize
will be (in the case of a women win
ning) a $5 money arder on the Con
fectionary; or (iu case of a man win
ning) a $5 money order on the Union
store.
NOW THAT the Stanford-California
Meet Dope Contest has been closed
and the King and Queen of the
Masque have been decided, the Stan
ford Union Ice Cream Store has come
to the rescue of the Campus Contest
Fans and provided a brand new type
of affair, the winner of which will
be handsomely renumerated. A prize
will be given to the person whose
suggestion is accepted and the name
will be used in the future to desig
nate the newest addition to the cam
pus.
All suggestions should be sent to
the Name Contest Editor in care of
Daily Palo Alto, before non of Tues
gestions will be given to the Union
day, May sixth. At that time all sug-
Board of Governors, who will judge
the contest. The future name of the
retreat, as well as the person lucky
enough to suggest it, will be announ
ced in the Wednesday, May 7, isue of
the Daily. Students and persons con
nected with the University are eligi
ble to compete, and may send in as
many names as they wish. The prize
will be (in the case of a women win
ning) a $5 money arder on the Con
fectionary; or (iu case of a man win
ning) a $5 money order on the Union
store.
NOW THAT the Stanford-California
Meet Dope Contest has been closed
and the King and Queen of the
Masque have been decided, the Stan
ford Union Ice Cream Store has come
to the rescue of the Campus Contest
Fans and provided a brand new type
of affair, the winner of which will
be handsomely renumerated. A prize
will be given to the person whose
suggestion is accepted and the name
will be used in the future to desig
nate the newest addition to the cam
pus.
All suggestions should be sent to
the Name Contest Editor in care of
Daily Palo Alto, before non of Tues
gestions will be given to the Union
day, May sixth. At that time all sug-
Board of Governors, who will judge
the contest. The future name of the
retreat, as well as the person lucky
enough to suggest it, will be announ
ced in the Wednesday, May 7, isue of
the Daily. Students and persons con
nected with the University are eligi
ble to compete, and may send in as
many names as they wish. The prize
will be (in the case of a women win
ning) a $5 money arder on the Con
fectionary; or (iu case of a man win
ning) a $5 money order on the Union
store.
NOW THAT the Stanford-California
Meet Dope Contest has been closed
and the King and Queen of the
Masque have been decided, the Stan
ford Union Ice Cream Store has come
to the rescue of the Campus Contest
Fans and provided a brand new type
of affair, the winner of which will
be handsomely renumerated. A prize
will be given to the person whose
suggestion is accepted and the name
will be used in the future to desig
nate the newest addition to the cam
pus.
All suggestions should be sent to
the Name Contest Editor in care of
Daily Palo Alto, before non of Tues
gestions will be given to the Union
day, May sixth. At that time all sug-
Board of Governors, who will judge
the contest. The future name of the
retreat, as well as the person lucky
enough to suggest it, will be announ
ced in the Wednesday, May 7, isue of
the Daily. Students and persons con
nected with the University are eligi
ble to compete, and may send in as
many names as they wish. The prize
will be (in the case of a women win
ning) a $5 money arder on the Con
fectionary; or (iu case of a man win
ning) a $5 money order on the Union
store.
NOW THAT the Stanford-California
Meet Dope Contest has been closed
and the King and Queen of the
Masque have been decided, the Stan
ford Union Ice Cream Store has come
to the rescue of the Campus Contest
Fans and provided a brand new type
of affair, the winner of which will
be handsomely renumerated. A prize
will be given to the person whose
suggestion is accepted and the name
will be used in the future to desig
nate the newest addition to the cam
pus.
All suggestions should be sent to
the Name Contest Editor in care of
Daily Palo Alto, before non of Tues
gestions will be given to the Union
day, May sixth. At that time all sug-
Board of Governors, who will judge
the contest. The future name of the
retreat, as well as the person lucky
enough to suggest it, will be announ
ced in the Wednesday, May 7, isue of
the Daily. Students and persons con
nected with the University are eligi
ble to compete, and may send in as
many names as they wish. The prize
will be (in the case of a women win
ning) a $5 money arder on the Con
fectionary; or (iu case of a man win
ning) a $5 money order on the Union
store.
NOW THAT the Stanford-California
Meet Dope Contest has been closed
and the King and Queen of the
Masque have been decided, the Stan
ford Union Ice Cream Store has come
to the rescue of the Campus Contest
Fans and provided a brand new type
of affair, the winner of which will
be handsomely renumerated. A prize
will be given to the person whose
suggestion is accepted and the name
will be used in the future to desig
nate the newest addition to the cam
pus.
All suggestions should be sent to
the Name Contest Editor in care of
Daily Palo Alto, before non of Tues
gestions will be given to the Union
day, May sixth. At that time all sug-
Board of Governors, who will judge
the contest. The future name of the
retreat, as well as the person lucky
enough to suggest it, will be announ
ced in the Wednesday, May 7, isue of
the Daily. Students and persons con
nected with the University are eligi
ble to compete, and may send in as
many names as they wish. The prize
will be (in the case of a women win
ning) a $5 money arder on the Con
fectionary; or (iu case of a man win
ning) a $5 money order on the Union
store.
NOW THAT the Stanford-California
Meet Dope Contest has been closed
and the King and Queen of the
Masque have been decided, the Stan
ford Union Ice Cream Store has come
to the rescue of the Campus Contest
Fans and provided a brand new type
of affair, the winner of which will
be handsomely renumerated. A prize
will be given to the person whose
suggestion is accepted and the name
will be used in the future to desig
nate the newest addition to the cam
pus.
All suggestions should be sent to
the Name Contest Editor in care of
Daily Palo Alto, before non of Tues
gestions will be given to the Union
day, May sixth. At that time all sug-
Board of Governors, who will judge
the contest. The future name of the
retreat, as well as the person lucky
enough to suggest it, will be announ
ced in the Wednesday, May 7, isue of
the Daily. Students and persons con
nected with the University are eligi
ble to compete, and may send in as
many names as they wish. The prize
will be (in the case of a women win
ning) a $5 money arder on the Con
fectionary; or (iu case of a man win
ning) a $5 money order on the Union
store.
NOW THAT the Stanford-California
Meet Dope Contest has been closed
and the King and Queen of the
Masque have been decided, the Stan
ford Union Ice Cream Store has come
to the rescue of the Campus Contest
Fans and provided a brand new type
of affair, the winner of which will
be handsomely renumerated. A prize
will be given to the person whose
suggestion is accepted and the name
will be used in the future to desig
nate the newest addition to the cam
pus.
All suggestions should be sent to
the Name Contest Editor in care of
Daily Palo Alto, before non of Tues
gestions will be given to the Union
day, May sixth. At that time all sug-
Board of Governors, who will judge
the contest. The future name of the
retreat, as well as the person lucky
enough to suggest it, will be announ
ced in the Wednesday, May 7, isue of
the Daily. Students and persons con
nected with the University are eligi
ble to compete, and may send in as
many names as they wish. The prize
will be (in the case of a women win
ning) a $5 money arder on the Con
fectionary; or (iu case of a man win
ning) a $5 money order on the Union
store.
NOW THAT the Stanford-California
Meet Dope Contest has been closed
and the King and Queen of the
Masque have been decided, the Stan
ford Union Ice Cream Store has come
to the rescue of the Campus Contest
Fans and provided a brand new type
of affair, the winner of which will
be handsomely renumerated. A prize
will be given to the person whose
suggestion is accepted and the name
will be used in the future to desig
nate the newest addition to the cam
pus.
All suggestions should be sent to
the Name Contest Editor in care of
Daily Palo Alto, before non of Tues
gestions will be given to the Union
day, May sixth. At that time all sug-
Board of Governors, who will judge
the contest. The future name of the
retreat, as well as the person lucky
enough to suggest it, will be announ
ced in the Wednesday, May 7, isue of
the Daily. Students and persons con
nected with the University are eligi
ble to compete, and may send in as
many names as they wish. The prize
will be (in the case of a women win
ning) a $5 money arder on the Con
fectionary; or (iu case of a man win
ning) a $5 money order on the Union
store.
NOW THAT the Stanford-California
Meet Dope Contest has been closed
and the King and Queen of the
Masque have been decided, the Stan
ford Union Ice Cream Store has come
to the rescue of the Campus Contest
Fans and provided a brand new type
of affair, the winner of which will
be handsomely renumerated. A prize
will be given to the person whose
suggestion is accepted and the name
will be used in the future to desig
nate the newest addition to the cam
pus.
All suggestions should be sent to
the Name Contest Editor in care of
Daily Palo Alto, before non of Tues
gestions will be given to the Union
day, May sixth. At that time all sug-
Board of Governors, who will judge
the contest. The future name of the
retreat, as well as the person lucky
enough to suggest it, will be announ
ced in the Wednesday, May 7, isue of
the Daily. Students and persons con
nected with the University are eligi
ble to compete, and may send in as
many names as they wish. The prize
will be (in the case of a women win
ning) a $5 money arder on the Con
fectionary; or (iu case of a man win
ning) a $5 money order on the Union
store.
NOW THAT the Stanford-California
Meet Dope Contest has been closed
and the King and Queen of the
Masque have been decided, the Stan
ford Union Ice Cream Store has come
to the rescue of the Campus Contest
Fans and provided a brand new type
of affair, the winner of which will
be handsomely renumerated. A prize
will be given to the person whose
suggestion is accepted and the name
will be used in the future to desig
nate the newest addition to the cam
pus.
All suggestions should be sent to
the Name Contest Editor in care of
Daily Palo Alto, before non of Tues
gestions will be given to the Union
day, May sixth. At that time all sug-
Board of Governors, who will judge
the contest. The future name of the
retreat, as well as the person lucky
enough to suggest it, will be announ
ced in the Wednesday, May 7, isue of
the Daily. Students and persons con
nected with the University are eligi
ble to compete, and may send in as
many names as they wish. The prize
will be (in the case of a women win
ning) a $5 money arder on the Con
fectionary; or (iu case of a man win
ning) a $5 money order on the Union
store.
NOW THAT the Stanford-California
Meet Dope Contest has been closed
and the King and Queen of the
Masque have been decided, the Stan
ford Union Ice Cream Store has come
to the rescue of the Campus Contest
Fans and provided a brand new type
of affair, the winner of which will
be handsomely renumerated. A prize
will be given to the person whose
suggestion is accepted and the name
will be used in the future to desig
nate the newest addition to the cam
pus.
All suggestions should be sent to
the Name Contest Editor in care of
Daily Palo Alto, before non of Tues
gestions will be given to the Union
day, May sixth. At that time all sug-
Board of Governors, who will judge
the contest. The future name of the
retreat, as well as the person lucky
enough to suggest it, will be announ
ced in the Wednesday, May 7, isue of
the Daily. Students and persons con
nected with the University are eligi
ble to compete, and may send in as
many names as they wish. The prize
will be (in the case of a women win
ning) a $5 money arder on the Con
fectionary; or (iu case of a man win
ning) a $5 money order on the Union
store.
NOW THAT the Stanford-California
Meet Dope Contest has been closed
and the King and Queen of the
Masque have been decided, the Stan
ford Union Ice Cream Store has come
to the rescue of the Campus Contest
Fans and provided a brand new type
of affair, the winner of which will
be handsomely renumerated. A prize
will be given to the person whose
suggestion is accepted and the name
will be used in the future to desig
nate the newest addition to the cam
pus.
All suggestions should be sent to
the Name Contest Editor in care of
Daily Palo Alto, before non of Tues
gestions will be given to the Union
day, May sixth. At that time all sug-
Board of Governors, who will judge
the contest. The future name of the
retreat, as well as the person lucky
enough to suggest it, will be announ
ced in the Wednesday, May 7, isue of
the Daily. Students and persons con
nected with the University are eligi
ble to compete, and may send in as
many names as they wish. The prize
will be (in the case of a women win
ning) a $5 money arder on the Con
fectionary; or (iu case of a man win
ning) a $5 money order on the Union
store.
NOW THAT the Stanford-California
Meet Dope Contest has been closed
and the King and Queen of the
Masque have been decided, the Stan
ford Union Ice Cream Store has come
to the rescue of the Campus Contest
Fans and provided a brand new type
of affair, the winner of which will
be handsomely renumerated. A prize
will be given to the person whose
suggestion is accepted and the name
will be used in the future to desig
nate the newest addition to the cam
pus.
All suggestions should be sent to
the Name Contest Editor in care of
Daily Palo Alto, before non of Tues
gestions will be given to the Union
day, May sixth. At that time all sug-
Board of Governors, who will judge
the contest. The future name of the
retreat, as well as the person lucky
enough to suggest it, will be announ
ced in the Wednesday, May 7, isue of
the Daily. Students and persons con
nected with the University are eligi
ble to compete, and may send in as
many names as they wish. The prize
will be (in the case of a women win
ning) a $5 money arder on the Con
fectionary; or (iu case of a man win
ning) a $5 money order on the Union
store.
NOW THAT the Stanford-California
Meet Dope Contest has been closed
and the King and Queen of the
Masque have been decided, the Stan
ford Union Ice Cream Store has come
to the rescue of the Campus Contest
Fans and provided a brand new type
of affair, the winner of which will
be handsomely renumerated. A prize
will be given to the person whose
suggestion is accepted and the name
will be used in the future to desig
nate the newest addition to the cam
pus.
All suggestions should be sent to
the Name Contest Editor in care of
Daily Palo Alto, before non of Tues
gestions will be given to the Union
day, May sixth. At that time all sug-
Board of Governors, who will judge
the contest. The future name of the
retreat, as well as the person lucky
enough to suggest it, will be announ
ced in the Wednesday, May 7, isue of
the Daily. Students and persons con
nected with the University are eligi
ble to compete, and may send in as
many names as they wish. The prize
will be (in the case of a women win
ning) a $5 money arder on the Con
fectionary; or (iu case of a man win
ning) a $5 money order on the Union
store.
