# Steam and Esteem
## 
### 
Editor, the Daily:
In reply to a letter in the Daily
of the 20th, and in defense of my
own and three others' stand
printed the 19th. I would like to
elaborate on several points which
appear to have been misunder
stood.
First, de-emphasized football
supports our althletic program.
It is not the responsibility of foot
ball to do so, our alternatives, a
smaller program or a larger (still
larger) tuition, are equally un
satisfactory.
Second, I maintain that de-em
phasis would kill Big Game tra
ditions. Contrary to Thursday's
letter, there is a "reason to as
sume that it cannot continue
without the 'services' of high
powered football." Just consider
the game which used to decide the
national championship, Harvard-
Yale ("Fight fiercely. Harvud!"):
it lacks the color of big crowds
and big football, and there is
something unsatisfactory about
finding your sparkling upset is
regarded as inconsequential to the
sports world.
Third, the point is well taken

that if wo were to do-emphasize,
we should plan ahead; unless we
back out and leave Army, Navy,
Michigan State, etc. with the ri
diculous sort of scheduling prob
lems now confronting UCLA (a
two-week break and two games
"tacked on" at the end) we will
not "save" ourselves from tough
opponents in the immediate fu
ture.
I do not think it honorable to
present other schools with sched
uling problems because we are
having a few troubles; the whole
"we'll play when we can win" at
titude is unworthy of this uni
versity. We scheduled some big
schools, and we should play them.
Lastly, de-emphasis is unjusti
fied for us because good material
coming up, plus a great coach, all
say we won't be playing losing
football too long. Two or Ihree
poor seasons do not mean that
our academic standards have
risen tenfold, and this year's
frosh, even if they were not to
win a game, would at least prove
that we can compete for football !
talent.
.Fuck KiiHib'r
