# Defense Critic Lanphier to Speak In Series Tonight
## 
### 
Thomas G. Lanphier, who made
headlines earlier this year when
he resigned as vice president of
the Atlas-producing Convair Divi
sion of General Dynamics Corp.,
will present a summary of his
ideas on national defense and na
tional goals in a lecture entitled
"The Self Deception that Belies
the Lie" tonight in Dinkelspiel
Auditorium at. 7:30.
Lanphier, who resigned "to ex
press my personal opinions as a
private citizen rather than be
called a missile salesman," has
been doing just that in a verbal
battle against the Eisenhower
administration's defense program.
A Stanford graduate. Lanphier
has been a newspaper editor, pres
ident of the Air Force Associa
tion and has served on various
government military advisory
boards. At present he is vice pres
ident of Fairbanks Whitney Cor
poration and president of the Na
tional Aeronautic Association.
The lecture is part of the Tues
day Evening Series and will be
open to the public without charge.
