# Y.W.C.A. Meeting.
## 
### 
Miss Rae Mills will address the
Young Women's Christian Associa
tion tomorrow afternoon in the
chapel. Her subject will be "The
Women of the University of Tokio."
Miss Myrtle Guidery, '04, will lead
the meeting.
Miss Rae Mills will address the
Young Women's Christian Associa
tion tomorrow afternoon in the
chapel. Her subject will be "The
Women of the University of Tokio."
Miss Myrtle Guidery, '04, will lead
the meeting.
Miss Rae Mills will address the
Young Women's Christian Associa
tion tomorrow afternoon in the
chapel. Her subject will be "The
Women of the University of Tokio."
Miss Myrtle Guidery, '04, will lead
the meeting.
Miss Rae Mills will address the
Young Women's Christian Associa
tion tomorrow afternoon in the
chapel. Her subject will be "The
Women of the University of Tokio."
Miss Myrtle Guidery, '04, will lead
the meeting.
Miss Rae Mills will address the
Young Women's Christian Associa
tion tomorrow afternoon in the
chapel. Her subject will be "The
Women of the University of Tokio."
Miss Myrtle Guidery, '04, will lead
the meeting.
Miss Rae Mills will address the
Young Women's Christian Associa
tion tomorrow afternoon in the
chapel. Her subject will be "The
Women of the University of Tokio."
Miss Myrtle Guidery, '04, will lead
the meeting.
Miss Rae Mills will address the
Young Women's Christian Associa
tion tomorrow afternoon in the
chapel. Her subject will be "The
Women of the University of Tokio."
Miss Myrtle Guidery, '04, will lead
the meeting.
Miss Rae Mills will address the
Young Women's Christian Associa
tion tomorrow afternoon in the
chapel. Her subject will be "The
Women of the University of Tokio."
Miss Myrtle Guidery, '04, will lead
the meeting.
