# Zoologists Go Camping and Get Wet.
## 
### 
A wet and tired, but happy aggrega
tion of zoologists returned to the cam
pus Sunday, after having spent the
night in Madera canyon, the occasion
being the second meeting of the Zoo
logy Club for this semester. But for
the fact that their pleasure was mar
red slightly by the unexpected rain,
the trip was a success and despite the
weather, it was enjoyed by all. The
students made the trip to the canyon
Saturday and spent the early part of
the evening around a big bonfire,
passing the time away with songs and
stories.
At the last meeting of the club, W. F.
Thompson, '11, was elected president
and S. S. Berry, '09, secretary for the
ensuing term.
A wet and tired, but happy aggrega
tion of zoologists returned to the cam
pus Sunday, after having spent the
night in Madera canyon, the occasion
being the second meeting of the Zoo
logy Club for this semester. But for
the fact that their pleasure was mar
red slightly by the unexpected rain,
the trip was a success and despite the
weather, it was enjoyed by all. The
students made the trip to the canyon
Saturday and spent the early part of
the evening around a big bonfire,
passing the time away with songs and
stories.
At the last meeting of the club, W. F.
Thompson, '11, was elected president
and S. S. Berry, '09, secretary for the
ensuing term.
A wet and tired, but happy aggrega
tion of zoologists returned to the cam
pus Sunday, after having spent the
night in Madera canyon, the occasion
being the second meeting of the Zoo
logy Club for this semester. But for
the fact that their pleasure was mar
red slightly by the unexpected rain,
the trip was a success and despite the
weather, it was enjoyed by all. The
students made the trip to the canyon
Saturday and spent the early part of
the evening around a big bonfire,
passing the time away with songs and
stories.
At the last meeting of the club, W. F.
Thompson, '11, was elected president
and S. S. Berry, '09, secretary for the
ensuing term.
A wet and tired, but happy aggrega
tion of zoologists returned to the cam
pus Sunday, after having spent the
night in Madera canyon, the occasion
being the second meeting of the Zoo
logy Club for this semester. But for
the fact that their pleasure was mar
red slightly by the unexpected rain,
the trip was a success and despite the
weather, it was enjoyed by all. The
students made the trip to the canyon
Saturday and spent the early part of
the evening around a big bonfire,
passing the time away with songs and
stories.
At the last meeting of the club, W. F.
Thompson, '11, was elected president
and S. S. Berry, '09, secretary for the
ensuing term.
A wet and tired, but happy aggrega
tion of zoologists returned to the cam
pus Sunday, after having spent the
night in Madera canyon, the occasion
being the second meeting of the Zoo
logy Club for this semester. But for
the fact that their pleasure was mar
red slightly by the unexpected rain,
the trip was a success and despite the
weather, it was enjoyed by all. The
students made the trip to the canyon
Saturday and spent the early part of
the evening around a big bonfire,
passing the time away with songs and
stories.
At the last meeting of the club, W. F.
Thompson, '11, was elected president
and S. S. Berry, '09, secretary for the
ensuing term.
A wet and tired, but happy aggrega
tion of zoologists returned to the cam
pus Sunday, after having spent the
night in Madera canyon, the occasion
being the second meeting of the Zoo
logy Club for this semester. But for
the fact that their pleasure was mar
red slightly by the unexpected rain,
the trip was a success and despite the
weather, it was enjoyed by all. The
students made the trip to the canyon
Saturday and spent the early part of
the evening around a big bonfire,
passing the time away with songs and
stories.
At the last meeting of the club, W. F.
Thompson, '11, was elected president
and S. S. Berry, '09, secretary for the
ensuing term.
A wet and tired, but happy aggrega
tion of zoologists returned to the cam
pus Sunday, after having spent the
night in Madera canyon, the occasion
being the second meeting of the Zoo
logy Club for this semester. But for
the fact that their pleasure was mar
red slightly by the unexpected rain,
the trip was a success and despite the
weather, it was enjoyed by all. The
students made the trip to the canyon
Saturday and spent the early part of
the evening around a big bonfire,
passing the time away with songs and
stories.
At the last meeting of the club, W. F.
Thompson, '11, was elected president
and S. S. Berry, '09, secretary for the
ensuing term.
A wet and tired, but happy aggrega
tion of zoologists returned to the cam
pus Sunday, after having spent the
night in Madera canyon, the occasion
being the second meeting of the Zoo
logy Club for this semester. But for
the fact that their pleasure was mar
red slightly by the unexpected rain,
the trip was a success and despite the
weather, it was enjoyed by all. The
students made the trip to the canyon
Saturday and spent the early part of
the evening around a big bonfire,
passing the time away with songs and
stories.
At the last meeting of the club, W. F.
Thompson, '11, was elected president
and S. S. Berry, '09, secretary for the
ensuing term.
A wet and tired, but happy aggrega
tion of zoologists returned to the cam
pus Sunday, after having spent the
night in Madera canyon, the occasion
being the second meeting of the Zoo
logy Club for this semester. But for
the fact that their pleasure was mar
red slightly by the unexpected rain,
the trip was a success and despite the
weather, it was enjoyed by all. The
students made the trip to the canyon
Saturday and spent the early part of
the evening around a big bonfire,
passing the time away with songs and
stories.
At the last meeting of the club, W. F.
Thompson, '11, was elected president
and S. S. Berry, '09, secretary for the
ensuing term.
A wet and tired, but happy aggrega
tion of zoologists returned to the cam
pus Sunday, after having spent the
night in Madera canyon, the occasion
being the second meeting of the Zoo
logy Club for this semester. But for
the fact that their pleasure was mar
red slightly by the unexpected rain,
the trip was a success and despite the
weather, it was enjoyed by all. The
students made the trip to the canyon
Saturday and spent the early part of
the evening around a big bonfire,
passing the time away with songs and
stories.
At the last meeting of the club, W. F.
Thompson, '11, was elected president
and S. S. Berry, '09, secretary for the
ensuing term.
A wet and tired, but happy aggrega
tion of zoologists returned to the cam
pus Sunday, after having spent the
night in Madera canyon, the occasion
being the second meeting of the Zoo
logy Club for this semester. But for
the fact that their pleasure was mar
red slightly by the unexpected rain,
the trip was a success and despite the
weather, it was enjoyed by all. The
students made the trip to the canyon
Saturday and spent the early part of
the evening around a big bonfire,
passing the time away with songs and
stories.
At the last meeting of the club, W. F.
Thompson, '11, was elected president
and S. S. Berry, '09, secretary for the
ensuing term.
A wet and tired, but happy aggrega
tion of zoologists returned to the cam
pus Sunday, after having spent the
night in Madera canyon, the occasion
being the second meeting of the Zoo
logy Club for this semester. But for
the fact that their pleasure was mar
red slightly by the unexpected rain,
the trip was a success and despite the
weather, it was enjoyed by all. The
students made the trip to the canyon
Saturday and spent the early part of
the evening around a big bonfire,
passing the time away with songs and
stories.
At the last meeting of the club, W. F.
Thompson, '11, was elected president
and S. S. Berry, '09, secretary for the
ensuing term.
