# CREW WILL HAVE FALL TRAINING THIS YEAR
## New Shell Ordered From Sims Is To Arrive for Use in December. 
### 
For the first time in the history of
Stanford, men trying out for the
Varsity and Freshman crews, will
have fall training. Soon after the
big game the Varsity squad, composed
of two teams, will go to Redwood
several times a week. The men will
work out steadily, competing with
each other for places in the Varsity
boat.
While the Varsity is training at
Redwood, the Freshmen will work out
in the gymnasium, learning the stroke
on the machines and getting into
shape so that they will he able to
start in hard training early in the
spring without losing valuable time.
The equipment for the Varsity
squad is more complete than ever
before, as the oarsmen will have in
addition to the three boats at Red
wood, a new shell built by Sims o
Putney, England. Sims, who h \
promised to have the boat here in
December, builds the shells used by
Oxford and Cambridge.
For the first time in the history of
Stanford, men trying out for the
Varsity and Freshman crews, will
have fall training. Soon after the
big game the Varsity squad, composed
of two teams, will go to Redwood
several times a week. The men will
work out steadily, competing with
each other for places in the Varsity
boat.
While the Varsity is training at
Redwood, the Freshmen will work out
in the gymnasium, learning the stroke
on the machines and getting into
shape so that they will he able to
start in hard training early in the
spring without losing valuable time.
The equipment for the Varsity
squad is more complete than ever
before, as the oarsmen will have in
addition to the three boats at Red
wood, a new shell built by Sims o
Putney, England. Sims, who h \
promised to have the boat here in
December, builds the shells used by
Oxford and Cambridge.
For the first time in the history of
Stanford, men trying out for the
Varsity and Freshman crews, will
have fall training. Soon after the
big game the Varsity squad, composed
of two teams, will go to Redwood
several times a week. The men will
work out steadily, competing with
each other for places in the Varsity
boat.
While the Varsity is training at
Redwood, the Freshmen will work out
in the gymnasium, learning the stroke
on the machines and getting into
shape so that they will he able to
start in hard training early in the
spring without losing valuable time.
The equipment for the Varsity
squad is more complete than ever
before, as the oarsmen will have in
addition to the three boats at Red
wood, a new shell built by Sims o
Putney, England. Sims, who h \
promised to have the boat here in
December, builds the shells used by
Oxford and Cambridge.
For the first time in the history of
Stanford, men trying out for the
Varsity and Freshman crews, will
have fall training. Soon after the
big game the Varsity squad, composed
of two teams, will go to Redwood
several times a week. The men will
work out steadily, competing with
each other for places in the Varsity
boat.
While the Varsity is training at
Redwood, the Freshmen will work out
in the gymnasium, learning the stroke
on the machines and getting into
shape so that they will he able to
start in hard training early in the
spring without losing valuable time.
The equipment for the Varsity
squad is more complete than ever
before, as the oarsmen will have in
addition to the three boats at Red
wood, a new shell built by Sims o
Putney, England. Sims, who h \
promised to have the boat here in
December, builds the shells used by
Oxford and Cambridge.
For the first time in the history of
Stanford, men trying out for the
Varsity and Freshman crews, will
have fall training. Soon after the
big game the Varsity squad, composed
of two teams, will go to Redwood
several times a week. The men will
work out steadily, competing with
each other for places in the Varsity
boat.
While the Varsity is training at
Redwood, the Freshmen will work out
in the gymnasium, learning the stroke
on the machines and getting into
shape so that they will he able to
start in hard training early in the
spring without losing valuable time.
The equipment for the Varsity
squad is more complete than ever
before, as the oarsmen will have in
addition to the three boats at Red
wood, a new shell built by Sims o
Putney, England. Sims, who h \
promised to have the boat here in
December, builds the shells used by
Oxford and Cambridge.
For the first time in the history of
Stanford, men trying out for the
Varsity and Freshman crews, will
have fall training. Soon after the
big game the Varsity squad, composed
of two teams, will go to Redwood
several times a week. The men will
work out steadily, competing with
each other for places in the Varsity
boat.
While the Varsity is training at
Redwood, the Freshmen will work out
in the gymnasium, learning the stroke
on the machines and getting into
shape so that they will he able to
start in hard training early in the
spring without losing valuable time.
The equipment for the Varsity
squad is more complete than ever
before, as the oarsmen will have in
addition to the three boats at Red
wood, a new shell built by Sims o
Putney, England. Sims, who h \
promised to have the boat here in
December, builds the shells used by
Oxford and Cambridge.
For the first time in the history of
Stanford, men trying out for the
Varsity and Freshman crews, will
have fall training. Soon after the
big game the Varsity squad, composed
of two teams, will go to Redwood
several times a week. The men will
work out steadily, competing with
each other for places in the Varsity
boat.
While the Varsity is training at
Redwood, the Freshmen will work out
in the gymnasium, learning the stroke
on the machines and getting into
shape so that they will he able to
start in hard training early in the
spring without losing valuable time.
The equipment for the Varsity
squad is more complete than ever
before, as the oarsmen will have in
addition to the three boats at Red
wood, a new shell built by Sims o
Putney, England. Sims, who h \
promised to have the boat here in
December, builds the shells used by
Oxford and Cambridge.
For the first time in the history of
Stanford, men trying out for the
Varsity and Freshman crews, will
have fall training. Soon after the
big game the Varsity squad, composed
of two teams, will go to Redwood
several times a week. The men will
work out steadily, competing with
each other for places in the Varsity
boat.
While the Varsity is training at
Redwood, the Freshmen will work out
in the gymnasium, learning the stroke
on the machines and getting into
shape so that they will he able to
start in hard training early in the
spring without losing valuable time.
The equipment for the Varsity
squad is more complete than ever
before, as the oarsmen will have in
addition to the three boats at Red
wood, a new shell built by Sims o
Putney, England. Sims, who h \
promised to have the boat here in
December, builds the shells used by
Oxford and Cambridge.
For the first time in the history of
Stanford, men trying out for the
Varsity and Freshman crews, will
have fall training. Soon after the
big game the Varsity squad, composed
of two teams, will go to Redwood
several times a week. The men will
work out steadily, competing with
each other for places in the Varsity
boat.
While the Varsity is training at
Redwood, the Freshmen will work out
in the gymnasium, learning the stroke
on the machines and getting into
shape so that they will he able to
start in hard training early in the
spring without losing valuable time.
The equipment for the Varsity
squad is more complete than ever
before, as the oarsmen will have in
addition to the three boats at Red
wood, a new shell built by Sims o
Putney, England. Sims, who h \
promised to have the boat here in
December, builds the shells used by
Oxford and Cambridge.
For the first time in the history of
Stanford, men trying out for the
Varsity and Freshman crews, will
have fall training. Soon after the
big game the Varsity squad, composed
of two teams, will go to Redwood
several times a week. The men will
work out steadily, competing with
each other for places in the Varsity
boat.
While the Varsity is training at
Redwood, the Freshmen will work out
in the gymnasium, learning the stroke
on the machines and getting into
shape so that they will he able to
start in hard training early in the
spring without losing valuable time.
The equipment for the Varsity
squad is more complete than ever
before, as the oarsmen will have in
addition to the three boats at Red
wood, a new shell built by Sims o
Putney, England. Sims, who h \
promised to have the boat here in
December, builds the shells used by
Oxford and Cambridge.
For the first time in the history of
Stanford, men trying out for the
Varsity and Freshman crews, will
have fall training. Soon after the
big game the Varsity squad, composed
of two teams, will go to Redwood
several times a week. The men will
work out steadily, competing with
each other for places in the Varsity
boat.
While the Varsity is training at
Redwood, the Freshmen will work out
in the gymnasium, learning the stroke
on the machines and getting into
shape so that they will he able to
start in hard training early in the
spring without losing valuable time.
The equipment for the Varsity
squad is more complete than ever
before, as the oarsmen will have in
addition to the three boats at Red
wood, a new shell built by Sims o
Putney, England. Sims, who h \
promised to have the boat here in
December, builds the shells used by
Oxford and Cambridge.
For the first time in the history of
Stanford, men trying out for the
Varsity and Freshman crews, will
have fall training. Soon after the
big game the Varsity squad, composed
of two teams, will go to Redwood
several times a week. The men will
work out steadily, competing with
each other for places in the Varsity
boat.
While the Varsity is training at
Redwood, the Freshmen will work out
in the gymnasium, learning the stroke
on the machines and getting into
shape so that they will he able to
start in hard training early in the
spring without losing valuable time.
The equipment for the Varsity
squad is more complete than ever
before, as the oarsmen will have in
addition to the three boats at Red
wood, a new shell built by Sims o
Putney, England. Sims, who h \
promised to have the boat here in
December, builds the shells used by
Oxford and Cambridge.
