# WOMEN'S BASKETBALL OUTLOOK IS PROMISING
## Six of Last Year's Squad on Hand Again 
### 
Women's basketball team has a most
promising outlook for next semester.
Six members of last year's varsity are
again eligible. They are Miss Dorothy
Metz, '17 (captain); Miss Anna Wood,
'15, Miss Jessie Smith, '16, Miss An
tonia Hyatt, '18, Miss Virginia Scud
der, '18, and Miss Fannie Knox, '18.
Besides these players, the members of
last year's freshman team, which won
the interclass championship, are all
competing for places on the varsity.
Miss Laura Herron, '14, has been se
cured to coach the team for the games
to be played in the spring with Mills
College, San .lose Normal, and vari
ous high schools.
Women's basketball team has a most
promising outlook for next semester.
Six members of last year's varsity are
again eligible. They are Miss Dorothy
Metz, '17 (captain); Miss Anna Wood,
'15, Miss Jessie Smith, '16, Miss An
tonia Hyatt, '18, Miss Virginia Scud
der, '18, and Miss Fannie Knox, '18.
Besides these players, the members of
last year's freshman team, which won
the interclass championship, are all
competing for places on the varsity.
Miss Laura Herron, '14, has been se
cured to coach the team for the games
to be played in the spring with Mills
College, San .lose Normal, and vari
ous high schools.
Women's basketball team has a most
promising outlook for next semester.
Six members of last year's varsity are
again eligible. They are Miss Dorothy
Metz, '17 (captain); Miss Anna Wood,
'15, Miss Jessie Smith, '16, Miss An
tonia Hyatt, '18, Miss Virginia Scud
der, '18, and Miss Fannie Knox, '18.
Besides these players, the members of
last year's freshman team, which won
the interclass championship, are all
competing for places on the varsity.
Miss Laura Herron, '14, has been se
cured to coach the team for the games
to be played in the spring with Mills
College, San .lose Normal, and vari
ous high schools.
Women's basketball team has a most
promising outlook for next semester.
Six members of last year's varsity are
again eligible. They are Miss Dorothy
Metz, '17 (captain); Miss Anna Wood,
'15, Miss Jessie Smith, '16, Miss An
tonia Hyatt, '18, Miss Virginia Scud
der, '18, and Miss Fannie Knox, '18.
Besides these players, the members of
last year's freshman team, which won
the interclass championship, are all
competing for places on the varsity.
Miss Laura Herron, '14, has been se
cured to coach the team for the games
to be played in the spring with Mills
College, San .lose Normal, and vari
ous high schools.
Women's basketball team has a most
promising outlook for next semester.
Six members of last year's varsity are
again eligible. They are Miss Dorothy
Metz, '17 (captain); Miss Anna Wood,
'15, Miss Jessie Smith, '16, Miss An
tonia Hyatt, '18, Miss Virginia Scud
der, '18, and Miss Fannie Knox, '18.
Besides these players, the members of
last year's freshman team, which won
the interclass championship, are all
competing for places on the varsity.
Miss Laura Herron, '14, has been se
cured to coach the team for the games
to be played in the spring with Mills
College, San .lose Normal, and vari
ous high schools.
Women's basketball team has a most
promising outlook for next semester.
Six members of last year's varsity are
again eligible. They are Miss Dorothy
Metz, '17 (captain); Miss Anna Wood,
'15, Miss Jessie Smith, '16, Miss An
tonia Hyatt, '18, Miss Virginia Scud
der, '18, and Miss Fannie Knox, '18.
Besides these players, the members of
last year's freshman team, which won
the interclass championship, are all
competing for places on the varsity.
Miss Laura Herron, '14, has been se
cured to coach the team for the games
to be played in the spring with Mills
College, San .lose Normal, and vari
ous high schools.
Women's basketball team has a most
promising outlook for next semester.
Six members of last year's varsity are
again eligible. They are Miss Dorothy
Metz, '17 (captain); Miss Anna Wood,
'15, Miss Jessie Smith, '16, Miss An
tonia Hyatt, '18, Miss Virginia Scud
der, '18, and Miss Fannie Knox, '18.
Besides these players, the members of
last year's freshman team, which won
the interclass championship, are all
competing for places on the varsity.
Miss Laura Herron, '14, has been se
cured to coach the team for the games
to be played in the spring with Mills
College, San .lose Normal, and vari
ous high schools.
Women's basketball team has a most
promising outlook for next semester.
Six members of last year's varsity are
again eligible. They are Miss Dorothy
Metz, '17 (captain); Miss Anna Wood,
'15, Miss Jessie Smith, '16, Miss An
tonia Hyatt, '18, Miss Virginia Scud
der, '18, and Miss Fannie Knox, '18.
Besides these players, the members of
last year's freshman team, which won
the interclass championship, are all
competing for places on the varsity.
Miss Laura Herron, '14, has been se
cured to coach the team for the games
to be played in the spring with Mills
College, San .lose Normal, and vari
ous high schools.
Women's basketball team has a most
promising outlook for next semester.
Six members of last year's varsity are
again eligible. They are Miss Dorothy
Metz, '17 (captain); Miss Anna Wood,
'15, Miss Jessie Smith, '16, Miss An
tonia Hyatt, '18, Miss Virginia Scud
der, '18, and Miss Fannie Knox, '18.
Besides these players, the members of
last year's freshman team, which won
the interclass championship, are all
competing for places on the varsity.
Miss Laura Herron, '14, has been se
cured to coach the team for the games
to be played in the spring with Mills
College, San .lose Normal, and vari
ous high schools.
Women's basketball team has a most
promising outlook for next semester.
Six members of last year's varsity are
again eligible. They are Miss Dorothy
Metz, '17 (captain); Miss Anna Wood,
'15, Miss Jessie Smith, '16, Miss An
tonia Hyatt, '18, Miss Virginia Scud
der, '18, and Miss Fannie Knox, '18.
Besides these players, the members of
last year's freshman team, which won
the interclass championship, are all
competing for places on the varsity.
Miss Laura Herron, '14, has been se
cured to coach the team for the games
to be played in the spring with Mills
College, San .lose Normal, and vari
ous high schools.
Women's basketball team has a most
promising outlook for next semester.
Six members of last year's varsity are
again eligible. They are Miss Dorothy
Metz, '17 (captain); Miss Anna Wood,
'15, Miss Jessie Smith, '16, Miss An
tonia Hyatt, '18, Miss Virginia Scud
der, '18, and Miss Fannie Knox, '18.
Besides these players, the members of
last year's freshman team, which won
the interclass championship, are all
competing for places on the varsity.
Miss Laura Herron, '14, has been se
cured to coach the team for the games
to be played in the spring with Mills
College, San .lose Normal, and vari
ous high schools.
Women's basketball team has a most
promising outlook for next semester.
Six members of last year's varsity are
again eligible. They are Miss Dorothy
Metz, '17 (captain); Miss Anna Wood,
'15, Miss Jessie Smith, '16, Miss An
tonia Hyatt, '18, Miss Virginia Scud
der, '18, and Miss Fannie Knox, '18.
Besides these players, the members of
last year's freshman team, which won
the interclass championship, are all
competing for places on the varsity.
Miss Laura Herron, '14, has been se
cured to coach the team for the games
to be played in the spring with Mills
College, San .lose Normal, and vari
ous high schools.
Women's basketball team has a most
promising outlook for next semester.
Six members of last year's varsity are
again eligible. They are Miss Dorothy
Metz, '17 (captain); Miss Anna Wood,
'15, Miss Jessie Smith, '16, Miss An
tonia Hyatt, '18, Miss Virginia Scud
der, '18, and Miss Fannie Knox, '18.
Besides these players, the members of
last year's freshman team, which won
the interclass championship, are all
competing for places on the varsity.
Miss Laura Herron, '14, has been se
cured to coach the team for the games
to be played in the spring with Mills
College, San .lose Normal, and vari
ous high schools.
