# Tresidder to Host Three Speakers
## 
### 
Dr. Eric Leddihn, analyst of
Anglo-American and Continental
relations, George A. DeVox, asso
ciate professor of Social Welfare
at Berkeley, and Dr. Lincoln
Moses, statistics department, will
speak today.
LEDDIHN will discuss “Amer
tca-Europe: The Great Misunder
standing” at 4:15 p.m. in the small
Tresidder lounge. The Democratic
Caucus of Political Union will
sponsor the speech in co-operation
with HR and the Hoover Institute.
DeVOX will describe “Social
Discrimination and the Psychol
ogy of the Urban Outcast in Mod
ern Japan” at 7:45 p.m. in the
Conference room, Tresidder. The
speech will report on the Eta in
Kyoto and Koke.
MOSES will discuss “The Alter
natives to Disarmament” at 7:15
p.m. in the SAE cluster. The Stu
dent-Faculty Committee is spon
soring Moses’ Fireside speech.
Horn will hold an off-the-record
discussion on the '62 campaign at
4:15 p.m. tomorrow. Participation
is limited to 15; interested stu
dents may sign up in the Political
Science office today.
Dr. Eric Leddihn, analyst of
Anglo-American and Continental
relations, George A. DeVox, asso
ciate professor of Social Welfare
at Berkeley, and Dr. Lincoln
Moses, statistics department, will
speak today.
LEDDIHN will discuss “Amer
tca-Europe: The Great Misunder
standing” at 4:15 p.m. in the small
Tresidder lounge. The Democratic
Caucus of Political Union will
sponsor the speech in co-operation
with HR and the Hoover Institute.
DeVOX will describe “Social
Discrimination and the Psychol
ogy of the Urban Outcast in Mod
ern Japan” at 7:45 p.m. in the
Conference room, Tresidder. The
speech will report on the Eta in
Kyoto and Koke.
MOSES will discuss “The Alter
natives to Disarmament” at 7:15
p.m. in the SAE cluster. The Stu
dent-Faculty Committee is spon
soring Moses’ Fireside speech.
Horn will hold an off-the-record
discussion on the '62 campaign at
4:15 p.m. tomorrow. Participation
is limited to 15; interested stu
dents may sign up in the Political
Science office today.
Dr. Eric Leddihn, analyst of
Anglo-American and Continental
relations, George A. DeVox, asso
ciate professor of Social Welfare
at Berkeley, and Dr. Lincoln
Moses, statistics department, will
speak today.
LEDDIHN will discuss “Amer
tca-Europe: The Great Misunder
standing” at 4:15 p.m. in the small
Tresidder lounge. The Democratic
Caucus of Political Union will
sponsor the speech in co-operation
with HR and the Hoover Institute.
DeVOX will describe “Social
Discrimination and the Psychol
ogy of the Urban Outcast in Mod
ern Japan” at 7:45 p.m. in the
Conference room, Tresidder. The
speech will report on the Eta in
Kyoto and Koke.
MOSES will discuss “The Alter
natives to Disarmament” at 7:15
p.m. in the SAE cluster. The Stu
dent-Faculty Committee is spon
soring Moses’ Fireside speech.
Horn will hold an off-the-record
discussion on the '62 campaign at
4:15 p.m. tomorrow. Participation
is limited to 15; interested stu
dents may sign up in the Political
Science office today.
Dr. Eric Leddihn, analyst of
Anglo-American and Continental
relations, George A. DeVox, asso
ciate professor of Social Welfare
at Berkeley, and Dr. Lincoln
Moses, statistics department, will
speak today.
LEDDIHN will discuss “Amer
tca-Europe: The Great Misunder
standing” at 4:15 p.m. in the small
Tresidder lounge. The Democratic
Caucus of Political Union will
sponsor the speech in co-operation
with HR and the Hoover Institute.
DeVOX will describe “Social
Discrimination and the Psychol
ogy of the Urban Outcast in Mod
ern Japan” at 7:45 p.m. in the
Conference room, Tresidder. The
speech will report on the Eta in
Kyoto and Koke.
MOSES will discuss “The Alter
natives to Disarmament” at 7:15
p.m. in the SAE cluster. The Stu
dent-Faculty Committee is spon
soring Moses’ Fireside speech.
Horn will hold an off-the-record
discussion on the '62 campaign at
4:15 p.m. tomorrow. Participation
is limited to 15; interested stu
dents may sign up in the Political
Science office today.
Dr. Eric Leddihn, analyst of
Anglo-American and Continental
relations, George A. DeVox, asso
ciate professor of Social Welfare
at Berkeley, and Dr. Lincoln
Moses, statistics department, will
speak today.
LEDDIHN will discuss “Amer
tca-Europe: The Great Misunder
standing” at 4:15 p.m. in the small
Tresidder lounge. The Democratic
Caucus of Political Union will
sponsor the speech in co-operation
with HR and the Hoover Institute.
DeVOX will describe “Social
Discrimination and the Psychol
ogy of the Urban Outcast in Mod
ern Japan” at 7:45 p.m. in the
Conference room, Tresidder. The
speech will report on the Eta in
Kyoto and Koke.
MOSES will discuss “The Alter
natives to Disarmament” at 7:15
p.m. in the SAE cluster. The Stu
dent-Faculty Committee is spon
soring Moses’ Fireside speech.
Horn will hold an off-the-record
discussion on the '62 campaign at
4:15 p.m. tomorrow. Participation
is limited to 15; interested stu
dents may sign up in the Political
Science office today.
Dr. Eric Leddihn, analyst of
Anglo-American and Continental
relations, George A. DeVox, asso
ciate professor of Social Welfare
at Berkeley, and Dr. Lincoln
Moses, statistics department, will
speak today.
LEDDIHN will discuss “Amer
tca-Europe: The Great Misunder
standing” at 4:15 p.m. in the small
Tresidder lounge. The Democratic
Caucus of Political Union will
sponsor the speech in co-operation
with HR and the Hoover Institute.
DeVOX will describe “Social
Discrimination and the Psychol
ogy of the Urban Outcast in Mod
ern Japan” at 7:45 p.m. in the
Conference room, Tresidder. The
speech will report on the Eta in
Kyoto and Koke.
MOSES will discuss “The Alter
natives to Disarmament” at 7:15
p.m. in the SAE cluster. The Stu
dent-Faculty Committee is spon
soring Moses’ Fireside speech.
Horn will hold an off-the-record
discussion on the '62 campaign at
4:15 p.m. tomorrow. Participation
is limited to 15; interested stu
dents may sign up in the Political
Science office today.
Dr. Eric Leddihn, analyst of
Anglo-American and Continental
relations, George A. DeVox, asso
ciate professor of Social Welfare
at Berkeley, and Dr. Lincoln
Moses, statistics department, will
speak today.
LEDDIHN will discuss “Amer
tca-Europe: The Great Misunder
standing” at 4:15 p.m. in the small
Tresidder lounge. The Democratic
Caucus of Political Union will
sponsor the speech in co-operation
with HR and the Hoover Institute.
DeVOX will describe “Social
Discrimination and the Psychol
ogy of the Urban Outcast in Mod
ern Japan” at 7:45 p.m. in the
Conference room, Tresidder. The
speech will report on the Eta in
Kyoto and Koke.
MOSES will discuss “The Alter
natives to Disarmament” at 7:15
p.m. in the SAE cluster. The Stu
dent-Faculty Committee is spon
soring Moses’ Fireside speech.
Horn will hold an off-the-record
discussion on the '62 campaign at
4:15 p.m. tomorrow. Participation
is limited to 15; interested stu
dents may sign up in the Political
Science office today.
Dr. Eric Leddihn, analyst of
Anglo-American and Continental
relations, George A. DeVox, asso
ciate professor of Social Welfare
at Berkeley, and Dr. Lincoln
Moses, statistics department, will
speak today.
LEDDIHN will discuss “Amer
tca-Europe: The Great Misunder
standing” at 4:15 p.m. in the small
Tresidder lounge. The Democratic
Caucus of Political Union will
sponsor the speech in co-operation
with HR and the Hoover Institute.
DeVOX will describe “Social
Discrimination and the Psychol
ogy of the Urban Outcast in Mod
ern Japan” at 7:45 p.m. in the
Conference room, Tresidder. The
speech will report on the Eta in
Kyoto and Koke.
MOSES will discuss “The Alter
natives to Disarmament” at 7:15
p.m. in the SAE cluster. The Stu
dent-Faculty Committee is spon
soring Moses’ Fireside speech.
Horn will hold an off-the-record
discussion on the '62 campaign at
4:15 p.m. tomorrow. Participation
is limited to 15; interested stu
dents may sign up in the Political
Science office today.
Dr. Eric Leddihn, analyst of
Anglo-American and Continental
relations, George A. DeVox, asso
ciate professor of Social Welfare
at Berkeley, and Dr. Lincoln
Moses, statistics department, will
speak today.
LEDDIHN will discuss “Amer
tca-Europe: The Great Misunder
standing” at 4:15 p.m. in the small
Tresidder lounge. The Democratic
Caucus of Political Union will
sponsor the speech in co-operation
with HR and the Hoover Institute.
DeVOX will describe “Social
Discrimination and the Psychol
ogy of the Urban Outcast in Mod
ern Japan” at 7:45 p.m. in the
Conference room, Tresidder. The
speech will report on the Eta in
Kyoto and Koke.
MOSES will discuss “The Alter
natives to Disarmament” at 7:15
p.m. in the SAE cluster. The Stu
dent-Faculty Committee is spon
soring Moses’ Fireside speech.
Horn will hold an off-the-record
discussion on the '62 campaign at
4:15 p.m. tomorrow. Participation
is limited to 15; interested stu
dents may sign up in the Political
Science office today.
Dr. Eric Leddihn, analyst of
Anglo-American and Continental
relations, George A. DeVox, asso
ciate professor of Social Welfare
at Berkeley, and Dr. Lincoln
Moses, statistics department, will
speak today.
LEDDIHN will discuss “Amer
tca-Europe: The Great Misunder
standing” at 4:15 p.m. in the small
Tresidder lounge. The Democratic
Caucus of Political Union will
sponsor the speech in co-operation
with HR and the Hoover Institute.
DeVOX will describe “Social
Discrimination and the Psychol
ogy of the Urban Outcast in Mod
ern Japan” at 7:45 p.m. in the
Conference room, Tresidder. The
speech will report on the Eta in
Kyoto and Koke.
MOSES will discuss “The Alter
natives to Disarmament” at 7:15
p.m. in the SAE cluster. The Stu
dent-Faculty Committee is spon
soring Moses’ Fireside speech.
Horn will hold an off-the-record
discussion on the '62 campaign at
4:15 p.m. tomorrow. Participation
is limited to 15; interested stu
dents may sign up in the Political
Science office today.
Dr. Eric Leddihn, analyst of
Anglo-American and Continental
relations, George A. DeVox, asso
ciate professor of Social Welfare
at Berkeley, and Dr. Lincoln
Moses, statistics department, will
speak today.
LEDDIHN will discuss “Amer
tca-Europe: The Great Misunder
standing” at 4:15 p.m. in the small
Tresidder lounge. The Democratic
Caucus of Political Union will
sponsor the speech in co-operation
with HR and the Hoover Institute.
DeVOX will describe “Social
Discrimination and the Psychol
ogy of the Urban Outcast in Mod
ern Japan” at 7:45 p.m. in the
Conference room, Tresidder. The
speech will report on the Eta in
Kyoto and Koke.
MOSES will discuss “The Alter
natives to Disarmament” at 7:15
p.m. in the SAE cluster. The Stu
dent-Faculty Committee is spon
soring Moses’ Fireside speech.
Horn will hold an off-the-record
discussion on the '62 campaign at
4:15 p.m. tomorrow. Participation
is limited to 15; interested stu
dents may sign up in the Political
Science office today.
Dr. Eric Leddihn, analyst of
Anglo-American and Continental
relations, George A. DeVox, asso
ciate professor of Social Welfare
at Berkeley, and Dr. Lincoln
Moses, statistics department, will
speak today.
LEDDIHN will discuss “Amer
tca-Europe: The Great Misunder
standing” at 4:15 p.m. in the small
Tresidder lounge. The Democratic
Caucus of Political Union will
sponsor the speech in co-operation
with HR and the Hoover Institute.
DeVOX will describe “Social
Discrimination and the Psychol
ogy of the Urban Outcast in Mod
ern Japan” at 7:45 p.m. in the
Conference room, Tresidder. The
speech will report on the Eta in
Kyoto and Koke.
MOSES will discuss “The Alter
natives to Disarmament” at 7:15
p.m. in the SAE cluster. The Stu
dent-Faculty Committee is spon
soring Moses’ Fireside speech.
Horn will hold an off-the-record
discussion on the '62 campaign at
4:15 p.m. tomorrow. Participation
is limited to 15; interested stu
dents may sign up in the Political
Science office today.
Dr. Eric Leddihn, analyst of
Anglo-American and Continental
relations, George A. DeVox, asso
ciate professor of Social Welfare
at Berkeley, and Dr. Lincoln
Moses, statistics department, will
speak today.
LEDDIHN will discuss “Amer
tca-Europe: The Great Misunder
standing” at 4:15 p.m. in the small
Tresidder lounge. The Democratic
Caucus of Political Union will
sponsor the speech in co-operation
with HR and the Hoover Institute.
DeVOX will describe “Social
Discrimination and the Psychol
ogy of the Urban Outcast in Mod
ern Japan” at 7:45 p.m. in the
Conference room, Tresidder. The
speech will report on the Eta in
Kyoto and Koke.
MOSES will discuss “The Alter
natives to Disarmament” at 7:15
p.m. in the SAE cluster. The Stu
dent-Faculty Committee is spon
soring Moses’ Fireside speech.
Horn will hold an off-the-record
discussion on the '62 campaign at
4:15 p.m. tomorrow. Participation
is limited to 15; interested stu
dents may sign up in the Political
Science office today.
Dr. Eric Leddihn, analyst of
Anglo-American and Continental
relations, George A. DeVox, asso
ciate professor of Social Welfare
at Berkeley, and Dr. Lincoln
Moses, statistics department, will
speak today.
LEDDIHN will discuss “Amer
tca-Europe: The Great Misunder
standing” at 4:15 p.m. in the small
Tresidder lounge. The Democratic
Caucus of Political Union will
sponsor the speech in co-operation
with HR and the Hoover Institute.
DeVOX will describe “Social
Discrimination and the Psychol
ogy of the Urban Outcast in Mod
ern Japan” at 7:45 p.m. in the
Conference room, Tresidder. The
speech will report on the Eta in
Kyoto and Koke.
MOSES will discuss “The Alter
natives to Disarmament” at 7:15
p.m. in the SAE cluster. The Stu
dent-Faculty Committee is spon
soring Moses’ Fireside speech.
Horn will hold an off-the-record
discussion on the '62 campaign at
4:15 p.m. tomorrow. Participation
is limited to 15; interested stu
dents may sign up in the Political
Science office today.
Dr. Eric Leddihn, analyst of
Anglo-American and Continental
relations, George A. DeVox, asso
ciate professor of Social Welfare
at Berkeley, and Dr. Lincoln
Moses, statistics department, will
speak today.
LEDDIHN will discuss “Amer
tca-Europe: The Great Misunder
standing” at 4:15 p.m. in the small
Tresidder lounge. The Democratic
Caucus of Political Union will
sponsor the speech in co-operation
with HR and the Hoover Institute.
DeVOX will describe “Social
Discrimination and the Psychol
ogy of the Urban Outcast in Mod
ern Japan” at 7:45 p.m. in the
Conference room, Tresidder. The
speech will report on the Eta in
Kyoto and Koke.
MOSES will discuss “The Alter
natives to Disarmament” at 7:15
p.m. in the SAE cluster. The Stu
dent-Faculty Committee is spon
soring Moses’ Fireside speech.
Horn will hold an off-the-record
discussion on the '62 campaign at
4:15 p.m. tomorrow. Participation
is limited to 15; interested stu
dents may sign up in the Political
Science office today.
Dr. Eric Leddihn, analyst of
Anglo-American and Continental
relations, George A. DeVox, asso
ciate professor of Social Welfare
at Berkeley, and Dr. Lincoln
Moses, statistics department, will
speak today.
LEDDIHN will discuss “Amer
tca-Europe: The Great Misunder
standing” at 4:15 p.m. in the small
Tresidder lounge. The Democratic
Caucus of Political Union will
sponsor the speech in co-operation
with HR and the Hoover Institute.
DeVOX will describe “Social
Discrimination and the Psychol
ogy of the Urban Outcast in Mod
ern Japan” at 7:45 p.m. in the
Conference room, Tresidder. The
speech will report on the Eta in
Kyoto and Koke.
MOSES will discuss “The Alter
natives to Disarmament” at 7:15
p.m. in the SAE cluster. The Stu
dent-Faculty Committee is spon
soring Moses’ Fireside speech.
Horn will hold an off-the-record
discussion on the '62 campaign at
4:15 p.m. tomorrow. Participation
is limited to 15; interested stu
dents may sign up in the Political
Science office today.
Dr. Eric Leddihn, analyst of
Anglo-American and Continental
relations, George A. DeVox, asso
ciate professor of Social Welfare
at Berkeley, and Dr. Lincoln
Moses, statistics department, will
speak today.
LEDDIHN will discuss “Amer
tca-Europe: The Great Misunder
standing” at 4:15 p.m. in the small
Tresidder lounge. The Democratic
Caucus of Political Union will
sponsor the speech in co-operation
with HR and the Hoover Institute.
DeVOX will describe “Social
Discrimination and the Psychol
ogy of the Urban Outcast in Mod
ern Japan” at 7:45 p.m. in the
Conference room, Tresidder. The
speech will report on the Eta in
Kyoto and Koke.
MOSES will discuss “The Alter
natives to Disarmament” at 7:15
p.m. in the SAE cluster. The Stu
dent-Faculty Committee is spon
soring Moses’ Fireside speech.
Horn will hold an off-the-record
discussion on the '62 campaign at
4:15 p.m. tomorrow. Participation
is limited to 15; interested stu
dents may sign up in the Political
Science office today.
