# Student Art on Sale; Rented Prints Due
## 
### 
Sale of student art in Tresidder
will begin after the judging to
night. Interested persons may
leave notes at the Information
Desk of the Union; notes will be
forwarded to individual artists.

All art board prints rented for
fall quarter must be returned to
the Tresidder Union Art Board
today, tomorrow, and Friday,
from 3 to 5. Latecomers will be
assigned fines.
Sale of student art in Tresidder
will begin after the judging to
night. Interested persons may
leave notes at the Information
Desk of the Union; notes will be
forwarded to individual artists.

All art board prints rented for
fall quarter must be returned to
the Tresidder Union Art Board
today, tomorrow, and Friday,
from 3 to 5. Latecomers will be
assigned fines.
Sale of student art in Tresidder
will begin after the judging to
night. Interested persons may
leave notes at the Information
Desk of the Union; notes will be
forwarded to individual artists.

All art board prints rented for
fall quarter must be returned to
the Tresidder Union Art Board
today, tomorrow, and Friday,
from 3 to 5. Latecomers will be
assigned fines.
Sale of student art in Tresidder
will begin after the judging to
night. Interested persons may
leave notes at the Information
Desk of the Union; notes will be
forwarded to individual artists.

All art board prints rented for
fall quarter must be returned to
the Tresidder Union Art Board
today, tomorrow, and Friday,
from 3 to 5. Latecomers will be
assigned fines.
Sale of student art in Tresidder
will begin after the judging to
night. Interested persons may
leave notes at the Information
Desk of the Union; notes will be
forwarded to individual artists.

All art board prints rented for
fall quarter must be returned to
the Tresidder Union Art Board
today, tomorrow, and Friday,
from 3 to 5. Latecomers will be
assigned fines.
Sale of student art in Tresidder
will begin after the judging to
night. Interested persons may
leave notes at the Information
Desk of the Union; notes will be
forwarded to individual artists.

All art board prints rented for
fall quarter must be returned to
the Tresidder Union Art Board
today, tomorrow, and Friday,
from 3 to 5. Latecomers will be
assigned fines.
Sale of student art in Tresidder
will begin after the judging to
night. Interested persons may
leave notes at the Information
Desk of the Union; notes will be
forwarded to individual artists.

All art board prints rented for
fall quarter must be returned to
the Tresidder Union Art Board
today, tomorrow, and Friday,
from 3 to 5. Latecomers will be
assigned fines.
Sale of student art in Tresidder
will begin after the judging to
night. Interested persons may
leave notes at the Information
Desk of the Union; notes will be
forwarded to individual artists.

All art board prints rented for
fall quarter must be returned to
the Tresidder Union Art Board
today, tomorrow, and Friday,
from 3 to 5. Latecomers will be
assigned fines.
Sale of student art in Tresidder
will begin after the judging to
night. Interested persons may
leave notes at the Information
Desk of the Union; notes will be
forwarded to individual artists.

All art board prints rented for
fall quarter must be returned to
the Tresidder Union Art Board
today, tomorrow, and Friday,
from 3 to 5. Latecomers will be
assigned fines.
Sale of student art in Tresidder
will begin after the judging to
night. Interested persons may
leave notes at the Information
Desk of the Union; notes will be
forwarded to individual artists.

All art board prints rented for
fall quarter must be returned to
the Tresidder Union Art Board
today, tomorrow, and Friday,
from 3 to 5. Latecomers will be
assigned fines.
Sale of student art in Tresidder
will begin after the judging to
night. Interested persons may
leave notes at the Information
Desk of the Union; notes will be
forwarded to individual artists.

All art board prints rented for
fall quarter must be returned to
the Tresidder Union Art Board
today, tomorrow, and Friday,
from 3 to 5. Latecomers will be
assigned fines.
Sale of student art in Tresidder
will begin after the judging to
night. Interested persons may
leave notes at the Information
Desk of the Union; notes will be
forwarded to individual artists.

All art board prints rented for
fall quarter must be returned to
the Tresidder Union Art Board
today, tomorrow, and Friday,
from 3 to 5. Latecomers will be
assigned fines.
Sale of student art in Tresidder
will begin after the judging to
night. Interested persons may
leave notes at the Information
Desk of the Union; notes will be
forwarded to individual artists.

All art board prints rented for
fall quarter must be returned to
the Tresidder Union Art Board
today, tomorrow, and Friday,
from 3 to 5. Latecomers will be
assigned fines.
Sale of student art in Tresidder
will begin after the judging to
night. Interested persons may
leave notes at the Information
Desk of the Union; notes will be
forwarded to individual artists.

All art board prints rented for
fall quarter must be returned to
the Tresidder Union Art Board
today, tomorrow, and Friday,
from 3 to 5. Latecomers will be
assigned fines.
Sale of student art in Tresidder
will begin after the judging to
night. Interested persons may
leave notes at the Information
Desk of the Union; notes will be
forwarded to individual artists.

All art board prints rented for
fall quarter must be returned to
the Tresidder Union Art Board
today, tomorrow, and Friday,
from 3 to 5. Latecomers will be
assigned fines.
Sale of student art in Tresidder
will begin after the judging to
night. Interested persons may
leave notes at the Information
Desk of the Union; notes will be
forwarded to individual artists.

All art board prints rented for
fall quarter must be returned to
the Tresidder Union Art Board
today, tomorrow, and Friday,
from 3 to 5. Latecomers will be
assigned fines.
Sale of student art in Tresidder
will begin after the judging to
night. Interested persons may
leave notes at the Information
Desk of the Union; notes will be
forwarded to individual artists.

All art board prints rented for
fall quarter must be returned to
the Tresidder Union Art Board
today, tomorrow, and Friday,
from 3 to 5. Latecomers will be
assigned fines.
