# Untitled Article
## 
### 

TOM DOSE, here shoving one through in practice, will be a big
factor in the Indians' 1962-63 basketball hopes. Holder of the
freshman scoring record, the 6-8 junior center was the varsity's
leading scorer and rebounder last season.

TOM DOSE, here shoving one through in practice, will be a big
factor in the Indians' 1962-63 basketball hopes. Holder of the
freshman scoring record, the 6-8 junior center was the varsity's
leading scorer and rebounder last season.

TOM DOSE, here shoving one through in practice, will be a big
factor in the Indians' 1962-63 basketball hopes. Holder of the
freshman scoring record, the 6-8 junior center was the varsity's
leading scorer and rebounder last season.

TOM DOSE, here shoving one through in practice, will be a big
factor in the Indians' 1962-63 basketball hopes. Holder of the
freshman scoring record, the 6-8 junior center was the varsity's
leading scorer and rebounder last season.

TOM DOSE, here shoving one through in practice, will be a big
factor in the Indians' 1962-63 basketball hopes. Holder of the
freshman scoring record, the 6-8 junior center was the varsity's
leading scorer and rebounder last season.

TOM DOSE, here shoving one through in practice, will be a big
factor in the Indians' 1962-63 basketball hopes. Holder of the
freshman scoring record, the 6-8 junior center was the varsity's
leading scorer and rebounder last season.

TOM DOSE, here shoving one through in practice, will be a big
factor in the Indians' 1962-63 basketball hopes. Holder of the
freshman scoring record, the 6-8 junior center was the varsity's
leading scorer and rebounder last season.

TOM DOSE, here shoving one through in practice, will be a big
factor in the Indians' 1962-63 basketball hopes. Holder of the
freshman scoring record, the 6-8 junior center was the varsity's
leading scorer and rebounder last season.

TOM DOSE, here shoving one through in practice, will be a big
factor in the Indians' 1962-63 basketball hopes. Holder of the
freshman scoring record, the 6-8 junior center was the varsity's
leading scorer and rebounder last season.

TOM DOSE, here shoving one through in practice, will be a big
factor in the Indians' 1962-63 basketball hopes. Holder of the
freshman scoring record, the 6-8 junior center was the varsity's
leading scorer and rebounder last season.

TOM DOSE, here shoving one through in practice, will be a big
factor in the Indians' 1962-63 basketball hopes. Holder of the
freshman scoring record, the 6-8 junior center was the varsity's
leading scorer and rebounder last season.

TOM DOSE, here shoving one through in practice, will be a big
factor in the Indians' 1962-63 basketball hopes. Holder of the
freshman scoring record, the 6-8 junior center was the varsity's
leading scorer and rebounder last season.

TOM DOSE, here shoving one through in practice, will be a big
factor in the Indians' 1962-63 basketball hopes. Holder of the
freshman scoring record, the 6-8 junior center was the varsity's
leading scorer and rebounder last season.

TOM DOSE, here shoving one through in practice, will be a big
factor in the Indians' 1962-63 basketball hopes. Holder of the
freshman scoring record, the 6-8 junior center was the varsity's
leading scorer and rebounder last season.

TOM DOSE, here shoving one through in practice, will be a big
factor in the Indians' 1962-63 basketball hopes. Holder of the
freshman scoring record, the 6-8 junior center was the varsity's
leading scorer and rebounder last season.

TOM DOSE, here shoving one through in practice, will be a big
factor in the Indians' 1962-63 basketball hopes. Holder of the
freshman scoring record, the 6-8 junior center was the varsity's
leading scorer and rebounder last season.

TOM DOSE, here shoving one through in practice, will be a big
factor in the Indians' 1962-63 basketball hopes. Holder of the
freshman scoring record, the 6-8 junior center was the varsity's
leading scorer and rebounder last season.
