# Adv. 25 Page 8
## 
### 
The Daily makes class a
bit more affordable...
I
—r ro.
The Daily makes class a
bit more affordable...
I
—r ro.
The Daily makes class a
bit more affordable...
I
—r ro.
The Daily makes class a
bit more affordable...
I
—r ro.
The Daily makes class a
bit more affordable...
I
—r ro.
The Daily makes class a
bit more affordable...
I
—r ro.
The Daily makes class a
bit more affordable...
I
—r ro.
The Daily makes class a
bit more affordable...
I
—r ro.
The Daily makes class a
bit more affordable...
I
—r ro.
The Daily makes class a
bit more affordable...
I
—r ro.
