# Briefly
## 
### 
Kennedy lunch
Staffers are reminded to plan on
lunching at the Daily Wednesday for
President Donald Kennedy's
rescheduled visit to the office.
Correction

In the Jasper Ridge story which ran
in Friday's Daily, the impression was
given that the accidental aerial
spraying of a portion of the preserve
was disputed. In factor, University
and Medfly Project officials agree
that 10 percent of the Jasper Ridge
was accidentally sprayed July 20. The
Daily regrets the misunderstanding.
Kennedy lunch
Staffers are reminded to plan on
lunching at the Daily Wednesday for
President Donald Kennedy's
rescheduled visit to the office.
Correction

In the Jasper Ridge story which ran
in Friday's Daily, the impression was
given that the accidental aerial
spraying of a portion of the preserve
was disputed. In factor, University
and Medfly Project officials agree
that 10 percent of the Jasper Ridge
was accidentally sprayed July 20. The
Daily regrets the misunderstanding.
Kennedy lunch
Staffers are reminded to plan on
lunching at the Daily Wednesday for
President Donald Kennedy's
rescheduled visit to the office.
Correction

In the Jasper Ridge story which ran
in Friday's Daily, the impression was
given that the accidental aerial
spraying of a portion of the preserve
was disputed. In factor, University
and Medfly Project officials agree
that 10 percent of the Jasper Ridge
was accidentally sprayed July 20. The
Daily regrets the misunderstanding.
Kennedy lunch
Staffers are reminded to plan on
lunching at the Daily Wednesday for
President Donald Kennedy's
rescheduled visit to the office.
Correction

In the Jasper Ridge story which ran
in Friday's Daily, the impression was
given that the accidental aerial
spraying of a portion of the preserve
was disputed. In factor, University
and Medfly Project officials agree
that 10 percent of the Jasper Ridge
was accidentally sprayed July 20. The
Daily regrets the misunderstanding.
Kennedy lunch
Staffers are reminded to plan on
lunching at the Daily Wednesday for
President Donald Kennedy's
rescheduled visit to the office.
Correction

In the Jasper Ridge story which ran
in Friday's Daily, the impression was
given that the accidental aerial
spraying of a portion of the preserve
was disputed. In factor, University
and Medfly Project officials agree
that 10 percent of the Jasper Ridge
was accidentally sprayed July 20. The
Daily regrets the misunderstanding.
Kennedy lunch
Staffers are reminded to plan on
lunching at the Daily Wednesday for
President Donald Kennedy's
rescheduled visit to the office.
Correction

In the Jasper Ridge story which ran
in Friday's Daily, the impression was
given that the accidental aerial
spraying of a portion of the preserve
was disputed. In factor, University
and Medfly Project officials agree
that 10 percent of the Jasper Ridge
was accidentally sprayed July 20. The
Daily regrets the misunderstanding.
Kennedy lunch
Staffers are reminded to plan on
lunching at the Daily Wednesday for
President Donald Kennedy's
rescheduled visit to the office.
Correction

In the Jasper Ridge story which ran
in Friday's Daily, the impression was
given that the accidental aerial
spraying of a portion of the preserve
was disputed. In factor, University
and Medfly Project officials agree
that 10 percent of the Jasper Ridge
was accidentally sprayed July 20. The
Daily regrets the misunderstanding.
Kennedy lunch
Staffers are reminded to plan on
lunching at the Daily Wednesday for
President Donald Kennedy's
rescheduled visit to the office.
Correction

In the Jasper Ridge story which ran
in Friday's Daily, the impression was
given that the accidental aerial
spraying of a portion of the preserve
was disputed. In factor, University
and Medfly Project officials agree
that 10 percent of the Jasper Ridge
was accidentally sprayed July 20. The
Daily regrets the misunderstanding.
Kennedy lunch
Staffers are reminded to plan on
lunching at the Daily Wednesday for
President Donald Kennedy's
rescheduled visit to the office.
Correction

In the Jasper Ridge story which ran
in Friday's Daily, the impression was
given that the accidental aerial
spraying of a portion of the preserve
was disputed. In factor, University
and Medfly Project officials agree
that 10 percent of the Jasper Ridge
was accidentally sprayed July 20. The
Daily regrets the misunderstanding.
Kennedy lunch
Staffers are reminded to plan on
lunching at the Daily Wednesday for
President Donald Kennedy's
rescheduled visit to the office.
Correction

In the Jasper Ridge story which ran
in Friday's Daily, the impression was
given that the accidental aerial
spraying of a portion of the preserve
was disputed. In factor, University
and Medfly Project officials agree
that 10 percent of the Jasper Ridge
was accidentally sprayed July 20. The
Daily regrets the misunderstanding.
