# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Alumni Secretary John E. Mc-
Powell announces that as a result,
of arrangements just completed
with the Fairmont Hotel, students
who applied last week £nd were
placed on the waiting list cnn he
accommodated for the Ilig Game
dinner.
Alumni Secretary John E. Mc-
Powell announces that as a result,
of arrangements just completed
with the Fairmont Hotel, students
who applied last week £nd were
placed on the waiting list cnn he
accommodated for the Ilig Game
dinner.
Alumni Secretary John E. Mc-
Powell announces that as a result,
of arrangements just completed
with the Fairmont Hotel, students
who applied last week £nd were
placed on the waiting list cnn he
accommodated for the Ilig Game
dinner.
Alumni Secretary John E. Mc-
Powell announces that as a result,
of arrangements just completed
with the Fairmont Hotel, students
who applied last week £nd were
placed on the waiting list cnn he
accommodated for the Ilig Game
dinner.
Alumni Secretary John E. Mc-
Powell announces that as a result,
of arrangements just completed
with the Fairmont Hotel, students
who applied last week £nd were
placed on the waiting list cnn he
accommodated for the Ilig Game
dinner.
Alumni Secretary John E. Mc-
Powell announces that as a result,
of arrangements just completed
with the Fairmont Hotel, students
who applied last week £nd were
placed on the waiting list cnn he
accommodated for the Ilig Game
dinner.
Alumni Secretary John E. Mc-
Powell announces that as a result,
of arrangements just completed
with the Fairmont Hotel, students
who applied last week £nd were
placed on the waiting list cnn he
accommodated for the Ilig Game
dinner.
Alumni Secretary John E. Mc-
Powell announces that as a result,
of arrangements just completed
with the Fairmont Hotel, students
who applied last week £nd were
placed on the waiting list cnn he
accommodated for the Ilig Game
dinner.
Alumni Secretary John E. Mc-
Powell announces that as a result,
of arrangements just completed
with the Fairmont Hotel, students
who applied last week £nd were
placed on the waiting list cnn he
accommodated for the Ilig Game
dinner.
Alumni Secretary John E. Mc-
Powell announces that as a result,
of arrangements just completed
with the Fairmont Hotel, students
who applied last week £nd were
placed on the waiting list cnn he
accommodated for the Ilig Game
dinner.
Alumni Secretary John E. Mc-
Powell announces that as a result,
of arrangements just completed
with the Fairmont Hotel, students
who applied last week £nd were
placed on the waiting list cnn he
accommodated for the Ilig Game
dinner.
Alumni Secretary John E. Mc-
Powell announces that as a result,
of arrangements just completed
with the Fairmont Hotel, students
who applied last week £nd were
placed on the waiting list cnn he
accommodated for the Ilig Game
dinner.
Alumni Secretary John E. Mc-
Powell announces that as a result,
of arrangements just completed
with the Fairmont Hotel, students
who applied last week £nd were
placed on the waiting list cnn he
accommodated for the Ilig Game
dinner.
Alumni Secretary John E. Mc-
Powell announces that as a result,
of arrangements just completed
with the Fairmont Hotel, students
who applied last week £nd were
placed on the waiting list cnn he
accommodated for the Ilig Game
dinner.
Alumni Secretary John E. Mc-
Powell announces that as a result,
of arrangements just completed
with the Fairmont Hotel, students
who applied last week £nd were
placed on the waiting list cnn he
accommodated for the Ilig Game
dinner.
