# Dean Yost to Hold First Wednesday Tea at Home
## 
### 
Dean Yost will hold the first of her
regular at homes this afternoon at 4
o'clock at her home nt 2 Lasuen street.
All Stanford women students are in
vited to come.
Dean Yost will hold the first of her
regular at homes this afternoon at 4
o'clock at her home nt 2 Lasuen street.
All Stanford women students are in
vited to come.
Dean Yost will hold the first of her
regular at homes this afternoon at 4
o'clock at her home nt 2 Lasuen street.
All Stanford women students are in
vited to come.
Dean Yost will hold the first of her
regular at homes this afternoon at 4
o'clock at her home nt 2 Lasuen street.
All Stanford women students are in
vited to come.
Dean Yost will hold the first of her
regular at homes this afternoon at 4
o'clock at her home nt 2 Lasuen street.
All Stanford women students are in
vited to come.
Dean Yost will hold the first of her
regular at homes this afternoon at 4
o'clock at her home nt 2 Lasuen street.
All Stanford women students are in
vited to come.
Dean Yost will hold the first of her
regular at homes this afternoon at 4
o'clock at her home nt 2 Lasuen street.
All Stanford women students are in
vited to come.
Dean Yost will hold the first of her
regular at homes this afternoon at 4
o'clock at her home nt 2 Lasuen street.
All Stanford women students are in
vited to come.
Dean Yost will hold the first of her
regular at homes this afternoon at 4
o'clock at her home nt 2 Lasuen street.
All Stanford women students are in
vited to come.
Dean Yost will hold the first of her
regular at homes this afternoon at 4
o'clock at her home nt 2 Lasuen street.
All Stanford women students are in
vited to come.
Dean Yost will hold the first of her
regular at homes this afternoon at 4
o'clock at her home nt 2 Lasuen street.
All Stanford women students are in
vited to come.
Dean Yost will hold the first of her
regular at homes this afternoon at 4
o'clock at her home nt 2 Lasuen street.
All Stanford women students are in
vited to come.
Dean Yost will hold the first of her
regular at homes this afternoon at 4
o'clock at her home nt 2 Lasuen street.
All Stanford women students are in
vited to come.
Dean Yost will hold the first of her
regular at homes this afternoon at 4
o'clock at her home nt 2 Lasuen street.
All Stanford women students are in
vited to come.
Dean Yost will hold the first of her
regular at homes this afternoon at 4
o'clock at her home nt 2 Lasuen street.
All Stanford women students are in
vited to come.
