# PLANS FOR RAISING LODGE FUNDS TO BE DISCUSSED BY W.A.A.
## Women Will Go by Autos to Meeting at Searsville This Afternoon 
### 
Cars taking women to the open
meeting of W.A.A. at Searsville lake
will leave Roble gymnasium at 4
o'clock this afternoon. A truck will
start down the Row shortly before that
to. get the women who have signed to
go directly from there. Women en
rolled in gym classes will report to
the gymnasium and go in the private
cars.
Women's Lodge plans will consti
tute the main business of the meeting,
Marie Mancliee, president of the or
ganization, said in announcing the
gathering. At its last meeting the
W.A.A. Board passed a resolution
recommending that the members, who
include all the women of the Univer
sity, assessed $2 per person toward
payment for the Lodge. This, the body
explained, would simplify the financ
ing of the enterprise, as the associa
tion can levy dues without having to
petition for a drive. Moreover, it was
stated, this assessment would relieve
the members of constant appeals to
them to support drives.
Plans for the building of the Lodge
have been completed, and the inspec
tion of the site will form part of the
program of today's meeting. The Lodge
will be financed not only by the pro
posed assessment, if it goes into ef
fect, but also by a loan to be secured
by W.A.A. This loan will be paid off
from the treasury and from the fee
that will be charged for the use of the
building during the first few years
after its completion. The Lodge will be
available for any group of Stanford
women.
Awards of letters and numerals
earned by women in athletics during
the spring quarter-will be made at the
meeting. There will also be a program
consisting of musical selections and
stunts.
Cars taking women to the open
meeting of W.A.A. at Searsville lake
will leave Roble gymnasium at 4
o'clock this afternoon. A truck will
start down the Row shortly before that
to. get the women who have signed to
go directly from there. Women en
rolled in gym classes will report to
the gymnasium and go in the private
cars.
Women's Lodge plans will consti
tute the main business of the meeting,
Marie Mancliee, president of the or
ganization, said in announcing the
gathering. At its last meeting the
W.A.A. Board passed a resolution
recommending that the members, who
include all the women of the Univer
sity, assessed $2 per person toward
payment for the Lodge. This, the body
explained, would simplify the financ
ing of the enterprise, as the associa
tion can levy dues without having to
petition for a drive. Moreover, it was
stated, this assessment would relieve
the members of constant appeals to
them to support drives.
Plans for the building of the Lodge
have been completed, and the inspec
tion of the site will form part of the
program of today's meeting. The Lodge
will be financed not only by the pro
posed assessment, if it goes into ef
fect, but also by a loan to be secured
by W.A.A. This loan will be paid off
from the treasury and from the fee
that will be charged for the use of the
building during the first few years
after its completion. The Lodge will be
available for any group of Stanford
women.
Awards of letters and numerals
earned by women in athletics during
the spring quarter-will be made at the
meeting. There will also be a program
consisting of musical selections and
stunts.
Cars taking women to the open
meeting of W.A.A. at Searsville lake
will leave Roble gymnasium at 4
o'clock this afternoon. A truck will
start down the Row shortly before that
to. get the women who have signed to
go directly from there. Women en
rolled in gym classes will report to
the gymnasium and go in the private
cars.
Women's Lodge plans will consti
tute the main business of the meeting,
Marie Mancliee, president of the or
ganization, said in announcing the
gathering. At its last meeting the
W.A.A. Board passed a resolution
recommending that the members, who
include all the women of the Univer
sity, assessed $2 per person toward
payment for the Lodge. This, the body
explained, would simplify the financ
ing of the enterprise, as the associa
tion can levy dues without having to
petition for a drive. Moreover, it was
stated, this assessment would relieve
the members of constant appeals to
them to support drives.
Plans for the building of the Lodge
have been completed, and the inspec
tion of the site will form part of the
program of today's meeting. The Lodge
will be financed not only by the pro
posed assessment, if it goes into ef
fect, but also by a loan to be secured
by W.A.A. This loan will be paid off
from the treasury and from the fee
that will be charged for the use of the
building during the first few years
after its completion. The Lodge will be
available for any group of Stanford
women.
Awards of letters and numerals
earned by women in athletics during
the spring quarter-will be made at the
meeting. There will also be a program
consisting of musical selections and
stunts.
Cars taking women to the open
meeting of W.A.A. at Searsville lake
will leave Roble gymnasium at 4
o'clock this afternoon. A truck will
start down the Row shortly before that
to. get the women who have signed to
go directly from there. Women en
rolled in gym classes will report to
the gymnasium and go in the private
cars.
Women's Lodge plans will consti
tute the main business of the meeting,
Marie Mancliee, president of the or
ganization, said in announcing the
gathering. At its last meeting the
W.A.A. Board passed a resolution
recommending that the members, who
include all the women of the Univer
sity, assessed $2 per person toward
payment for the Lodge. This, the body
explained, would simplify the financ
ing of the enterprise, as the associa
tion can levy dues without having to
petition for a drive. Moreover, it was
stated, this assessment would relieve
the members of constant appeals to
them to support drives.
Plans for the building of the Lodge
have been completed, and the inspec
tion of the site will form part of the
program of today's meeting. The Lodge
will be financed not only by the pro
posed assessment, if it goes into ef
fect, but also by a loan to be secured
by W.A.A. This loan will be paid off
from the treasury and from the fee
that will be charged for the use of the
building during the first few years
after its completion. The Lodge will be
available for any group of Stanford
women.
Awards of letters and numerals
earned by women in athletics during
the spring quarter-will be made at the
meeting. There will also be a program
consisting of musical selections and
stunts.
Cars taking women to the open
meeting of W.A.A. at Searsville lake
will leave Roble gymnasium at 4
o'clock this afternoon. A truck will
start down the Row shortly before that
to. get the women who have signed to
go directly from there. Women en
rolled in gym classes will report to
the gymnasium and go in the private
cars.
Women's Lodge plans will consti
tute the main business of the meeting,
Marie Mancliee, president of the or
ganization, said in announcing the
gathering. At its last meeting the
W.A.A. Board passed a resolution
recommending that the members, who
include all the women of the Univer
sity, assessed $2 per person toward
payment for the Lodge. This, the body
explained, would simplify the financ
ing of the enterprise, as the associa
tion can levy dues without having to
petition for a drive. Moreover, it was
stated, this assessment would relieve
the members of constant appeals to
them to support drives.
Plans for the building of the Lodge
have been completed, and the inspec
tion of the site will form part of the
program of today's meeting. The Lodge
will be financed not only by the pro
posed assessment, if it goes into ef
fect, but also by a loan to be secured
by W.A.A. This loan will be paid off
from the treasury and from the fee
that will be charged for the use of the
building during the first few years
after its completion. The Lodge will be
available for any group of Stanford
women.
Awards of letters and numerals
earned by women in athletics during
the spring quarter-will be made at the
meeting. There will also be a program
consisting of musical selections and
stunts.
Cars taking women to the open
meeting of W.A.A. at Searsville lake
will leave Roble gymnasium at 4
o'clock this afternoon. A truck will
start down the Row shortly before that
to. get the women who have signed to
go directly from there. Women en
rolled in gym classes will report to
the gymnasium and go in the private
cars.
Women's Lodge plans will consti
tute the main business of the meeting,
Marie Mancliee, president of the or
ganization, said in announcing the
gathering. At its last meeting the
W.A.A. Board passed a resolution
recommending that the members, who
include all the women of the Univer
sity, assessed $2 per person toward
payment for the Lodge. This, the body
explained, would simplify the financ
ing of the enterprise, as the associa
tion can levy dues without having to
petition for a drive. Moreover, it was
stated, this assessment would relieve
the members of constant appeals to
them to support drives.
Plans for the building of the Lodge
have been completed, and the inspec
tion of the site will form part of the
program of today's meeting. The Lodge
will be financed not only by the pro
posed assessment, if it goes into ef
fect, but also by a loan to be secured
by W.A.A. This loan will be paid off
from the treasury and from the fee
that will be charged for the use of the
building during the first few years
after its completion. The Lodge will be
available for any group of Stanford
women.
Awards of letters and numerals
earned by women in athletics during
the spring quarter-will be made at the
meeting. There will also be a program
consisting of musical selections and
stunts.
Cars taking women to the open
meeting of W.A.A. at Searsville lake
will leave Roble gymnasium at 4
o'clock this afternoon. A truck will
start down the Row shortly before that
to. get the women who have signed to
go directly from there. Women en
rolled in gym classes will report to
the gymnasium and go in the private
cars.
Women's Lodge plans will consti
tute the main business of the meeting,
Marie Mancliee, president of the or
ganization, said in announcing the
gathering. At its last meeting the
W.A.A. Board passed a resolution
recommending that the members, who
include all the women of the Univer
sity, assessed $2 per person toward
payment for the Lodge. This, the body
explained, would simplify the financ
ing of the enterprise, as the associa
tion can levy dues without having to
petition for a drive. Moreover, it was
stated, this assessment would relieve
the members of constant appeals to
them to support drives.
Plans for the building of the Lodge
have been completed, and the inspec
tion of the site will form part of the
program of today's meeting. The Lodge
will be financed not only by the pro
posed assessment, if it goes into ef
fect, but also by a loan to be secured
by W.A.A. This loan will be paid off
from the treasury and from the fee
that will be charged for the use of the
building during the first few years
after its completion. The Lodge will be
available for any group of Stanford
women.
Awards of letters and numerals
earned by women in athletics during
the spring quarter-will be made at the
meeting. There will also be a program
consisting of musical selections and
stunts.
Cars taking women to the open
meeting of W.A.A. at Searsville lake
will leave Roble gymnasium at 4
o'clock this afternoon. A truck will
start down the Row shortly before that
to. get the women who have signed to
go directly from there. Women en
rolled in gym classes will report to
the gymnasium and go in the private
cars.
Women's Lodge plans will consti
tute the main business of the meeting,
Marie Mancliee, president of the or
ganization, said in announcing the
gathering. At its last meeting the
W.A.A. Board passed a resolution
recommending that the members, who
include all the women of the Univer
sity, assessed $2 per person toward
payment for the Lodge. This, the body
explained, would simplify the financ
ing of the enterprise, as the associa
tion can levy dues without having to
petition for a drive. Moreover, it was
stated, this assessment would relieve
the members of constant appeals to
them to support drives.
Plans for the building of the Lodge
have been completed, and the inspec
tion of the site will form part of the
program of today's meeting. The Lodge
will be financed not only by the pro
posed assessment, if it goes into ef
fect, but also by a loan to be secured
by W.A.A. This loan will be paid off
from the treasury and from the fee
that will be charged for the use of the
building during the first few years
after its completion. The Lodge will be
available for any group of Stanford
women.
Awards of letters and numerals
earned by women in athletics during
the spring quarter-will be made at the
meeting. There will also be a program
consisting of musical selections and
stunts.
Cars taking women to the open
meeting of W.A.A. at Searsville lake
will leave Roble gymnasium at 4
o'clock this afternoon. A truck will
start down the Row shortly before that
to. get the women who have signed to
go directly from there. Women en
rolled in gym classes will report to
the gymnasium and go in the private
cars.
Women's Lodge plans will consti
tute the main business of the meeting,
Marie Mancliee, president of the or
ganization, said in announcing the
gathering. At its last meeting the
W.A.A. Board passed a resolution
recommending that the members, who
include all the women of the Univer
sity, assessed $2 per person toward
payment for the Lodge. This, the body
explained, would simplify the financ
ing of the enterprise, as the associa
tion can levy dues without having to
petition for a drive. Moreover, it was
stated, this assessment would relieve
the members of constant appeals to
them to support drives.
Plans for the building of the Lodge
have been completed, and the inspec
tion of the site will form part of the
program of today's meeting. The Lodge
will be financed not only by the pro
posed assessment, if it goes into ef
fect, but also by a loan to be secured
by W.A.A. This loan will be paid off
from the treasury and from the fee
that will be charged for the use of the
building during the first few years
after its completion. The Lodge will be
available for any group of Stanford
women.
Awards of letters and numerals
earned by women in athletics during
the spring quarter-will be made at the
meeting. There will also be a program
consisting of musical selections and
stunts.
Cars taking women to the open
meeting of W.A.A. at Searsville lake
will leave Roble gymnasium at 4
o'clock this afternoon. A truck will
start down the Row shortly before that
to. get the women who have signed to
go directly from there. Women en
rolled in gym classes will report to
the gymnasium and go in the private
cars.
Women's Lodge plans will consti
tute the main business of the meeting,
Marie Mancliee, president of the or
ganization, said in announcing the
gathering. At its last meeting the
W.A.A. Board passed a resolution
recommending that the members, who
include all the women of the Univer
sity, assessed $2 per person toward
payment for the Lodge. This, the body
explained, would simplify the financ
ing of the enterprise, as the associa
tion can levy dues without having to
petition for a drive. Moreover, it was
stated, this assessment would relieve
the members of constant appeals to
them to support drives.
Plans for the building of the Lodge
have been completed, and the inspec
tion of the site will form part of the
program of today's meeting. The Lodge
will be financed not only by the pro
posed assessment, if it goes into ef
fect, but also by a loan to be secured
by W.A.A. This loan will be paid off
from the treasury and from the fee
that will be charged for the use of the
building during the first few years
after its completion. The Lodge will be
available for any group of Stanford
women.
Awards of letters and numerals
earned by women in athletics during
the spring quarter-will be made at the
meeting. There will also be a program
consisting of musical selections and
stunts.
Cars taking women to the open
meeting of W.A.A. at Searsville lake
will leave Roble gymnasium at 4
o'clock this afternoon. A truck will
start down the Row shortly before that
to. get the women who have signed to
go directly from there. Women en
rolled in gym classes will report to
the gymnasium and go in the private
cars.
Women's Lodge plans will consti
tute the main business of the meeting,
Marie Mancliee, president of the or
ganization, said in announcing the
gathering. At its last meeting the
W.A.A. Board passed a resolution
recommending that the members, who
include all the women of the Univer
sity, assessed $2 per person toward
payment for the Lodge. This, the body
explained, would simplify the financ
ing of the enterprise, as the associa
tion can levy dues without having to
petition for a drive. Moreover, it was
stated, this assessment would relieve
the members of constant appeals to
them to support drives.
Plans for the building of the Lodge
have been completed, and the inspec
tion of the site will form part of the
program of today's meeting. The Lodge
will be financed not only by the pro
posed assessment, if it goes into ef
fect, but also by a loan to be secured
by W.A.A. This loan will be paid off
from the treasury and from the fee
that will be charged for the use of the
building during the first few years
after its completion. The Lodge will be
available for any group of Stanford
women.
Awards of letters and numerals
earned by women in athletics during
the spring quarter-will be made at the
meeting. There will also be a program
consisting of musical selections and
stunts.
Cars taking women to the open
meeting of W.A.A. at Searsville lake
will leave Roble gymnasium at 4
o'clock this afternoon. A truck will
start down the Row shortly before that
to. get the women who have signed to
go directly from there. Women en
rolled in gym classes will report to
the gymnasium and go in the private
cars.
Women's Lodge plans will consti
tute the main business of the meeting,
Marie Mancliee, president of the or
ganization, said in announcing the
gathering. At its last meeting the
W.A.A. Board passed a resolution
recommending that the members, who
include all the women of the Univer
sity, assessed $2 per person toward
payment for the Lodge. This, the body
explained, would simplify the financ
ing of the enterprise, as the associa
tion can levy dues without having to
petition for a drive. Moreover, it was
stated, this assessment would relieve
the members of constant appeals to
them to support drives.
Plans for the building of the Lodge
have been completed, and the inspec
tion of the site will form part of the
program of today's meeting. The Lodge
will be financed not only by the pro
posed assessment, if it goes into ef
fect, but also by a loan to be secured
by W.A.A. This loan will be paid off
from the treasury and from the fee
that will be charged for the use of the
building during the first few years
after its completion. The Lodge will be
available for any group of Stanford
women.
Awards of letters and numerals
earned by women in athletics during
the spring quarter-will be made at the
meeting. There will also be a program
consisting of musical selections and
stunts.
Cars taking women to the open
meeting of W.A.A. at Searsville lake
will leave Roble gymnasium at 4
o'clock this afternoon. A truck will
start down the Row shortly before that
to. get the women who have signed to
go directly from there. Women en
rolled in gym classes will report to
the gymnasium and go in the private
cars.
Women's Lodge plans will consti
tute the main business of the meeting,
Marie Mancliee, president of the or
ganization, said in announcing the
gathering. At its last meeting the
W.A.A. Board passed a resolution
recommending that the members, who
include all the women of the Univer
sity, assessed $2 per person toward
payment for the Lodge. This, the body
explained, would simplify the financ
ing of the enterprise, as the associa
tion can levy dues without having to
petition for a drive. Moreover, it was
stated, this assessment would relieve
the members of constant appeals to
them to support drives.
Plans for the building of the Lodge
have been completed, and the inspec
tion of the site will form part of the
program of today's meeting. The Lodge
will be financed not only by the pro
posed assessment, if it goes into ef
fect, but also by a loan to be secured
by W.A.A. This loan will be paid off
from the treasury and from the fee
that will be charged for the use of the
building during the first few years
after its completion. The Lodge will be
available for any group of Stanford
women.
Awards of letters and numerals
earned by women in athletics during
the spring quarter-will be made at the
meeting. There will also be a program
consisting of musical selections and
stunts.
Cars taking women to the open
meeting of W.A.A. at Searsville lake
will leave Roble gymnasium at 4
o'clock this afternoon. A truck will
start down the Row shortly before that
to. get the women who have signed to
go directly from there. Women en
rolled in gym classes will report to
the gymnasium and go in the private
cars.
Women's Lodge plans will consti
tute the main business of the meeting,
Marie Mancliee, president of the or
ganization, said in announcing the
gathering. At its last meeting the
W.A.A. Board passed a resolution
recommending that the members, who
include all the women of the Univer
sity, assessed $2 per person toward
payment for the Lodge. This, the body
explained, would simplify the financ
ing of the enterprise, as the associa
tion can levy dues without having to
petition for a drive. Moreover, it was
stated, this assessment would relieve
the members of constant appeals to
them to support drives.
Plans for the building of the Lodge
have been completed, and the inspec
tion of the site will form part of the
program of today's meeting. The Lodge
will be financed not only by the pro
posed assessment, if it goes into ef
fect, but also by a loan to be secured
by W.A.A. This loan will be paid off
from the treasury and from the fee
that will be charged for the use of the
building during the first few years
after its completion. The Lodge will be
available for any group of Stanford
women.
Awards of letters and numerals
earned by women in athletics during
the spring quarter-will be made at the
meeting. There will also be a program
consisting of musical selections and
stunts.
Cars taking women to the open
meeting of W.A.A. at Searsville lake
will leave Roble gymnasium at 4
o'clock this afternoon. A truck will
start down the Row shortly before that
to. get the women who have signed to
go directly from there. Women en
rolled in gym classes will report to
the gymnasium and go in the private
cars.
Women's Lodge plans will consti
tute the main business of the meeting,
Marie Mancliee, president of the or
ganization, said in announcing the
gathering. At its last meeting the
W.A.A. Board passed a resolution
recommending that the members, who
include all the women of the Univer
sity, assessed $2 per person toward
payment for the Lodge. This, the body
explained, would simplify the financ
ing of the enterprise, as the associa
tion can levy dues without having to
petition for a drive. Moreover, it was
stated, this assessment would relieve
the members of constant appeals to
them to support drives.
Plans for the building of the Lodge
have been completed, and the inspec
tion of the site will form part of the
program of today's meeting. The Lodge
will be financed not only by the pro
posed assessment, if it goes into ef
fect, but also by a loan to be secured
by W.A.A. This loan will be paid off
from the treasury and from the fee
that will be charged for the use of the
building during the first few years
after its completion. The Lodge will be
available for any group of Stanford
women.
Awards of letters and numerals
earned by women in athletics during
the spring quarter-will be made at the
meeting. There will also be a program
consisting of musical selections and
stunts.
