# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Wrestling may be discontinued as
an intercollegiate sport at U.S.C.
Wrestling may be discontinued as
an intercollegiate sport at U.S.C.
Wrestling may be discontinued as
an intercollegiate sport at U.S.C.
Wrestling may be discontinued as
an intercollegiate sport at U.S.C.
Wrestling may be discontinued as
an intercollegiate sport at U.S.C.
Wrestling may be discontinued as
an intercollegiate sport at U.S.C.
Wrestling may be discontinued as
an intercollegiate sport at U.S.C.
Wrestling may be discontinued as
an intercollegiate sport at U.S.C.
Wrestling may be discontinued as
an intercollegiate sport at U.S.C.
Wrestling may be discontinued as
an intercollegiate sport at U.S.C.
Wrestling may be discontinued as
an intercollegiate sport at U.S.C.
Wrestling may be discontinued as
an intercollegiate sport at U.S.C.
Wrestling may be discontinued as
an intercollegiate sport at U.S.C.
Wrestling may be discontinued as
an intercollegiate sport at U.S.C.
Wrestling may be discontinued as
an intercollegiate sport at U.S.C.
