# Cowell issues date rape survey
## 
### Holly Hacker Staff writer 
A man and woman attend a
movie together, return to the
man's apartment and begin to
kiss. Then the man becomes ag
gressive with his date and starts
to unbutton her dress despite the
woman's protests.
This scenario was recently dis
tributed to 1,200 undergraduate
men and women to survey what
they think of situations that can
arise during a heterosexual date.
Those questioned must answer
how likely they, or their dates,
are to respond with the following
actions: stop and leave, slow
down, verbally threaten the wom
an, beat her or weaken her resis
tance by getting her drunk or
high.
With this survey, Cowell Stu
dent Health Center psychologists
are exploring how internal psy
chological dynamics involved in a
heterosexual dating situation may
contribute to date rape.
While surveys such as those dis
tributed by the Rape Education
Project have been aimed at un
derstanding attitudes about rape,
this questionnaire marks a new
approach at Stanford to the study
of date rape, according to Karen
Huang, a staff psychologist at
Counseling and Psychological

Services.
"I think the internal dynamics
in a dating situation are more
complicated than just each person
having one set of feelings," said
Doug Daher, acting director of
CAPS. "There are a lot of com
peting variables inside a person."
The questionnaire attempts to
uncover the conflicting thoughts,
actions and feelings under differ
ent conditions.
"Our ultimate objective is to
help prevent date rape in the fu
ture," Huang said.
Daher said the study is designed
to help contribute to the body of
knowledge of acquaintance rape,
so that "we can ask better ques
tions about it."
Men are asked to consider their
probable thoughts, feelings and
actions if they were in the given
situation. Women are asked to
consider what they think the typ
ical man's reaction would be. The
women's responses may then be
used to determine the dis
crepancies between a man's
thoughts and a woman's percep
tion of them.
The questionnaire asks for re
actions under four different con
ditions. The first condition is
under normal circumstances, the
second asks what the man would
do acting out of his highest ideals,
the third assumes the man is

drunk and the fourth asks how
the man would act if it were a
sexual fantasy.
Daher said the conflicting emo
tions "make it harder to set
boundaries and verbalize them."
While women need to learn asser
tiveness, men must "interpret and
respect those boundaries so that
if a woman says no, it means no,"
he said.
Although it centers on men's
feelings and women's perceptions
of men, the questionnaire is not
trying to place the blame on the
male, Daher said. "We simply had
to start somewhere," he said.
After compiling the results, the
researchers hope to show that
while competing emotions may
cause men and women to act dif
ferently in different situations,
they still need to give a consistent
message, Daher said.
Daher said he first saw the need
for such a questionnaire several
years ago after he saw a film on
acquaintance rape.
Daher said the questionnaire is
not a response to any perceived
increase in date rape on campus
because it is nearly impossible to
determine if the number of inci
dents of date rape has increased
over time. He added, however,
that "the area of date rape has
been a concern of ours for several
years."
