# CONFERENCE VOTES DISFAVOR OF DRIVE USAGES ON CAMPUS
## 
### 
The Inter-fraternity Conference last
night went on record as opposed to cer
tain methods used by committees hand
ling drives on the campus for charitable
purposes. One of the methods at which
the resolution was aimed is the practice
of publishing the names of the houses
contributing, with the amounts con
tributed. The Conference voiced the
opinion that the grand total contributed
by the "row" was sufficient to publish,
and that individual house totals when
published tended to minimize the efforts
of a house which bad given all it could
afford to give, which amount even then
fell below the amounts donated by other
houses of a small per man subscription.
Other business transacted included the
passage of a motion to prevent a fresh
man who attends Stanford this summer
from being pledged before the end of
the restricted rushing season next fall.
One section of the constitution of the
Conference was amended so as to read
that a freshman may be pledged during
his second quarter in college, providing
he has remained clear of probation dur
ing that period.
