# Title Contest Closes Today
## 
### 
Today is the last time for
entries to be submitted for the
naming of the new amphithea
ter donated by Howard Frost.
The winning entry will be
awarded $100, with the prize
being divided in case of tie.
The name must have three
characteristics: contain the
name of Laurence Frost, in
whose memory the gift was
made; be descriptive of the
structure; and be short and
practical. Entries should be
submitted to President Wil
bur's office. Judges will in
clude Fay Lyman Wilbur, Al
mon E. Roth, Jim Reynolds,
and Howard Frost. Date for
anouncement of the winner has
not yet been set.
