# Correction
## 
### 
The picture on page five of yester-
day's Daily entitled "Gospel Choir
graces Mem Chu" was incorrectly
labeled. The photograph was of the

Stanford University Gospel Choir,
not the Morgan State Choir. We re
gret the error.
The picture on page five of yester-
day's Daily entitled "Gospel Choir
graces Mem Chu" was incorrectly
labeled. The photograph was of the

Stanford University Gospel Choir,
not the Morgan State Choir. We re
gret the error.
The picture on page five of yester-
day's Daily entitled "Gospel Choir
graces Mem Chu" was incorrectly
labeled. The photograph was of the

Stanford University Gospel Choir,
not the Morgan State Choir. We re
gret the error.
The picture on page five of yester-
day's Daily entitled "Gospel Choir
graces Mem Chu" was incorrectly
labeled. The photograph was of the

Stanford University Gospel Choir,
not the Morgan State Choir. We re
gret the error.
The picture on page five of yester-
day's Daily entitled "Gospel Choir
graces Mem Chu" was incorrectly
labeled. The photograph was of the

Stanford University Gospel Choir,
not the Morgan State Choir. We re
gret the error.
The picture on page five of yester-
day's Daily entitled "Gospel Choir
graces Mem Chu" was incorrectly
labeled. The photograph was of the

Stanford University Gospel Choir,
not the Morgan State Choir. We re
gret the error.
The picture on page five of yester-
day's Daily entitled "Gospel Choir
graces Mem Chu" was incorrectly
labeled. The photograph was of the

Stanford University Gospel Choir,
not the Morgan State Choir. We re
gret the error.
The picture on page five of yester-
day's Daily entitled "Gospel Choir
graces Mem Chu" was incorrectly
labeled. The photograph was of the

Stanford University Gospel Choir,
not the Morgan State Choir. We re
gret the error.
