# The 						1930s on the Farm: Prohibition and curfews
## 
### FELICIA LEE Staff writer 
The "Stanford Experi
ence" of the Prohibition
years, according to two
enthusiastic witnesses,
was radically different
from the one students
here know today.
During a discussion
held at the Faculty Club
last Wednesday night,
Fred Clover and
Rosamond Bacon, both
alumni and long-time
Stanford residents, chat
ted informally with curi
ous students and staff
members about their
years as undergraduates.
Both spoke of their col
lege years with fondness
and nostalgia—but both
also agreed that recent
changes in student life
have been for the better.
The Stanford Bacon
and Glover knew as un
dergraduates was a
smaller, more intimate
place than the bicycle
congested campus it is
today. The student body,
which was composed of
2700 undergraduates and
900 graduate students,
was so small that stu
dents made a point to say
hello to every person
they met in the Quad.
Maintaining this custom,
Glover admitted, would

be a physical impossibil
ity today.
"People would think
you were nuts!" he said,
laughing.
I he smaller size of the
student body and the re
lative isolation of the
Stanford campus during
the early '30 s affected
the lives of students in
other ways as well. Bacon
said that because few
students had cars and
planes were not yet used
for travel, students rarely
traveled far from campus
during the school year.
Another feature of which
would surprise modern
clay students here, she
said, was the presence of
cows grazing near the
present location of
Bowman Alumni House.
Fear of violent crime,
now a very real concern
for students here, was
low during the '30s. Dur
ing hisyears here, Glover
told the group, it would
have been "unthinka
ble" to drive past a
pedestrian on Palm Drive
without offering a ride.
For a while, he said,
there even existed a shel
ter on Palm Drive to pro
tect waiting pedestrians
from the rain. This cus
tom too, Glover said with
regret, would also be

impossible to maintain
today because of the
possible danger in -
volved.
Distinctions made be
tween upperclassmen
and I o we r c la ss m en ,
Glover said, were very
strong during his under
graduate years. Men
traditionally wore
moleskins — trousers
made out of a soft, wool
len material — during
their freshman and
sophomore years, and
corduroys during their
junior and senior years.
At the beginning of the
junior year, he said, stu
dents often rubbed their
first pair of corduroys in
the dirt ''so they
wouldn't look too new."
Freshmen always lived in
separate dorms from up
perclassmen; all first
year men were housed in
Encina Hall while all
first-year women were
housed in Roble.
Both Bacon and Glover
said that rules governing
student behavior were
much stricter and much
more tightly enforced
than they are today. Stu
dents were assigned
sponsors to monitor
their behavior, and those
caught committing such
misdeeds as waterbomb
ing, which Glover called
the "favorite sport" of
students during the time,
were assigned to work a
certain number of hours
in a convalescent home
which stood near the
present location of Chil
dren's Hospital.
Once a year, he told
the group, the entire
student body would turn
out at the convalescent
home a spend the day
working in the garden
which surrounded it.
After they finished, the
students would hold a

barbeque in the garden.
Rules governing worn
ens' behavior were espe
cially strict by contempo
rary standards. While
male students were al
ways free to come and go
as they pleased, Bacon
said, women observed a
strict 10:30 curfew on
school nights and were
required to follow a
"very elaborate" system
of signing-out and
signing-in. Women who
violated curfew rules
were called before the
womens' council in their
dorms, and those with a
certain number of repeat
offenses were temporar
ily grounded on
weekends.
Although women gen
erally accepted the in
equalities of treatment
which they received,
such as their inabilitv to

hold certain offices, they
did complain often about
the curfew rules, Bacon
said.
The curfew rules also
had a direct affect on
Stanford men. Glover
quipped that the drive
ways in front of womens'
dorms were "the most
dangerous places on
campus" when the
weekend curfew ap
proached. Several car
accidents, he said, were
caused by anxious male
students racing through
campus to deliver their
dates home before 2:00
a.m.
If the male student
failed to return his date
on time, Clover said, it
was customary that he
send her roses at break
fast the next day.
Womens' dress codes
were also quite strict,
Bacon said. Students
were allowed to wear
bobby socks in their
dorms and could wear
them outside as far as the
Post Office (which was
located at the time near
Dinkelspiel's current lo
cation), but they were
required to wear long
silk stockings in the
Quad and in class.
Social life here during
the '30s was firmly cen
tered around dating.
Female students, Bacon
said, were very much
concerned with the im
pressions they made on
men, and those who
found themselves with
out dates on the
weekend usually chose
to stay quietly at home
rather than appear alone
in public.
The fact that there
were only SJO women in
an undergraduate popu
lation of 2700 students,
however, did not always
give women here a spe

cial advantage. The gen
eral consensus among
male students here,
Bacon said, was "It's
okay to go to class with
500 but if you want a
date, go to Mills." Be
cause of the distance and
difficulty of travel in
volved, however, few
male students took this
option.
Bacon added that male
students often found
their female classmates
intimidating because
"they were smarter than
the boys."
The Prohibition also
had a strong influence on
campus social life. Ac
cording to Clover, who
was president ot the
Delta Tau Delta (Delts)
fraternity during his
years here, there was
"very little drinking on
campus," even in the
fraternities. Students
caught drinking, he said,
were often "tossed off
campus." In one inci
dent, Glover said, Delt
house members were
fined five dollars apiece
after alcohol was dis
covered at one of their
dances.
Students, however,
generally did not fight
the strict regulations
against alcohol. "We re
ally did not think that
much about it," Bacon
said. She recalled how
shocked she and some of
her fellow students were
to discover some women
in her sorority sippin g a
bottle of wine. She and
the other students hear

tily scolded them for
their transgression.
"We were very indig
nant about it," she told
the group.
Students here in the
early '30s, Bacon said,
were quite "naive and in
sular" in comparison to
students today. Her
classmates, she said,
concerned theml e v e s
not with worldly social
issues but with such mat
ters as convincing
then—President Wilbur
that palm trees, and not
oak trees, should be
planted along Palm
Drive. When informed 01
Wilbur's proposal to
limit Stanford to up
perclassmen and
graduate students and
put freshmen and
sophomores in junior
colleges, she recalled
with amusement that her
first reaction was "How
could we have a football
game with only |unior
and senior transfers?"
Bacon told the group
that she came to Stanford
for the same reason stu
dents come today—for
the reputation of the
school, which was al
ready strong.
Glover, however, was
attracted to Stanford by
other factors. When visit
ing friends here, he had
the opportunity to attend
a football game and was
impressed by the en
thusiasm of the students.
"I came to Stanford for
the rooting section," he
said.


FOOTBALL NOSTALGIA: Elway's predecessors set
the tone for the Big Game rivalry which we still carry
on. Gaieties and a Big Game bonfire were traditional
festivities of the '30s.


REGISTRATION BLUES: Students during the 1930's
also faced a hectic registration procedure. Hectic,
yes, but not quite as crowded as Maples tends to be.


THE C.0.P.?: Two student body presidents during
1933 eagerly await the arrival of the distinguished
Stanford alumni Herbert Hoover.


STOP THE PRESS: Although the technology has im
proved, another old Stanford tradition, The Daily,
existed then as it does now.
The "Stanford Experi
ence" of the Prohibition
years, according to two
enthusiastic witnesses,
was radically different
from the one students
here know today.
During a discussion
held at the Faculty Club
last Wednesday night,
Fred Clover and
Rosamond Bacon, both
alumni and long-time
Stanford residents, chat
ted informally with curi
ous students and staff
members about their
years as undergraduates.
Both spoke of their col
lege years with fondness
and nostalgia—but both
also agreed that recent
changes in student life
have been for the better.
The Stanford Bacon
and Glover knew as un
dergraduates was a
smaller, more intimate
place than the bicycle
congested campus it is
today. The student body,
which was composed of
2700 undergraduates and
900 graduate students,
was so small that stu
dents made a point to say
hello to every person
they met in the Quad.
Maintaining this custom,
Glover admitted, would

be a physical impossibil
ity today.
"People would think
you were nuts!" he said,
laughing.
I he smaller size of the
student body and the re
lative isolation of the
Stanford campus during
the early '30 s affected
the lives of students in
other ways as well. Bacon
said that because few
students had cars and
planes were not yet used
for travel, students rarely
traveled far from campus
during the school year.
Another feature of which
would surprise modern
clay students here, she
said, was the presence of
cows grazing near the
present location of
Bowman Alumni House.
Fear of violent crime,
now a very real concern
for students here, was
low during the '30s. Dur
ing hisyears here, Glover
told the group, it would
have been "unthinka
ble" to drive past a
pedestrian on Palm Drive
without offering a ride.
For a while, he said,
there even existed a shel
ter on Palm Drive to pro
tect waiting pedestrians
from the rain. This cus
tom too, Glover said with
regret, would also be

impossible to maintain
today because of the
possible danger in -
volved.
Distinctions made be
tween upperclassmen
and I o we r c la ss m en ,
Glover said, were very
strong during his under
graduate years. Men
traditionally wore
moleskins — trousers
made out of a soft, wool
len material — during
their freshman and
sophomore years, and
corduroys during their
junior and senior years.
At the beginning of the
junior year, he said, stu
dents often rubbed their
first pair of corduroys in
the dirt ''so they
wouldn't look too new."
Freshmen always lived in
separate dorms from up
perclassmen; all first
year men were housed in
Encina Hall while all
first-year women were
housed in Roble.
Both Bacon and Glover
said that rules governing
student behavior were
much stricter and much
more tightly enforced
than they are today. Stu
dents were assigned
sponsors to monitor
their behavior, and those
caught committing such
misdeeds as waterbomb
ing, which Glover called
the "favorite sport" of
students during the time,
were assigned to work a
certain number of hours
in a convalescent home
which stood near the
present location of Chil
dren's Hospital.
Once a year, he told
the group, the entire
student body would turn
out at the convalescent
home a spend the day
working in the garden
which surrounded it.
After they finished, the
students would hold a

barbeque in the garden.
Rules governing worn
ens' behavior were espe
cially strict by contempo
rary standards. While
male students were al
ways free to come and go
as they pleased, Bacon
said, women observed a
strict 10:30 curfew on
school nights and were
required to follow a
"very elaborate" system
of signing-out and
signing-in. Women who
violated curfew rules
were called before the
womens' council in their
dorms, and those with a
certain number of repeat
offenses were temporar
ily grounded on
weekends.
Although women gen
erally accepted the in
equalities of treatment
which they received,
such as their inabilitv to

hold certain offices, they
did complain often about
the curfew rules, Bacon
said.
The curfew rules also
had a direct affect on
Stanford men. Glover
quipped that the drive
ways in front of womens'
dorms were "the most
dangerous places on
campus" when the
weekend curfew ap
proached. Several car
accidents, he said, were
caused by anxious male
students racing through
campus to deliver their
dates home before 2:00
a.m.
If the male student
failed to return his date
on time, Clover said, it
was customary that he
send her roses at break
fast the next day.
Womens' dress codes
were also quite strict,
Bacon said. Students
were allowed to wear
bobby socks in their
dorms and could wear
them outside as far as the
Post Office (which was
located at the time near
Dinkelspiel's current lo
cation), but they were
required to wear long
silk stockings in the
Quad and in class.
Social life here during
the '30s was firmly cen
tered around dating.
Female students, Bacon
said, were very much
concerned with the im
pressions they made on
men, and those who
found themselves with
out dates on the
weekend usually chose
to stay quietly at home
rather than appear alone
in public.
The fact that there
were only SJO women in
an undergraduate popu
lation of 2700 students,
however, did not always
give women here a spe

cial advantage. The gen
eral consensus among
male students here,
Bacon said, was "It's
okay to go to class with
500 but if you want a
date, go to Mills." Be
cause of the distance and
difficulty of travel in
volved, however, few
male students took this
option.
Bacon added that male
students often found
their female classmates
intimidating because
"they were smarter than
the boys."
The Prohibition also
had a strong influence on
campus social life. Ac
cording to Clover, who
was president ot the
Delta Tau Delta (Delts)
fraternity during his
years here, there was
"very little drinking on
campus," even in the
fraternities. Students
caught drinking, he said,
were often "tossed off
campus." In one inci
dent, Glover said, Delt
house members were
fined five dollars apiece
after alcohol was dis
covered at one of their
dances.
Students, however,
generally did not fight
the strict regulations
against alcohol. "We re
ally did not think that
much about it," Bacon
said. She recalled how
shocked she and some of
her fellow students were
to discover some women
in her sorority sippin g a
bottle of wine. She and
the other students hear

tily scolded them for
their transgression.
"We were very indig
nant about it," she told
the group.
Students here in the
early '30s, Bacon said,
were quite "naive and in
sular" in comparison to
students today. Her
classmates, she said,
concerned theml e v e s
not with worldly social
issues but with such mat
ters as convincing
then—President Wilbur
that palm trees, and not
oak trees, should be
planted along Palm
Drive. When informed 01
Wilbur's proposal to
limit Stanford to up
perclassmen and
graduate students and
put freshmen and
sophomores in junior
colleges, she recalled
with amusement that her
first reaction was "How
could we have a football
game with only |unior
and senior transfers?"
Bacon told the group
that she came to Stanford
for the same reason stu
dents come today—for
the reputation of the
school, which was al
ready strong.
Glover, however, was
attracted to Stanford by
other factors. When visit
ing friends here, he had
the opportunity to attend
a football game and was
impressed by the en
thusiasm of the students.
"I came to Stanford for
the rooting section," he
said.


FOOTBALL NOSTALGIA: Elway's predecessors set
the tone for the Big Game rivalry which we still carry
on. Gaieties and a Big Game bonfire were traditional
festivities of the '30s.


REGISTRATION BLUES: Students during the 1930's
also faced a hectic registration procedure. Hectic,
yes, but not quite as crowded as Maples tends to be.


THE C.0.P.?: Two student body presidents during
1933 eagerly await the arrival of the distinguished
Stanford alumni Herbert Hoover.


STOP THE PRESS: Although the technology has im
proved, another old Stanford tradition, The Daily,
existed then as it does now.
The "Stanford Experi
ence" of the Prohibition
years, according to two
enthusiastic witnesses,
was radically different
from the one students
here know today.
During a discussion
held at the Faculty Club
last Wednesday night,
Fred Clover and
Rosamond Bacon, both
alumni and long-time
Stanford residents, chat
ted informally with curi
ous students and staff
members about their
years as undergraduates.
Both spoke of their col
lege years with fondness
and nostalgia—but both
also agreed that recent
changes in student life
have been for the better.
The Stanford Bacon
and Glover knew as un
dergraduates was a
smaller, more intimate
place than the bicycle
congested campus it is
today. The student body,
which was composed of
2700 undergraduates and
900 graduate students,
was so small that stu
dents made a point to say
hello to every person
they met in the Quad.
Maintaining this custom,
Glover admitted, would

be a physical impossibil
ity today.
"People would think
you were nuts!" he said,
laughing.
I he smaller size of the
student body and the re
lative isolation of the
Stanford campus during
the early '30 s affected
the lives of students in
other ways as well. Bacon
said that because few
students had cars and
planes were not yet used
for travel, students rarely
traveled far from campus
during the school year.
Another feature of which
would surprise modern
clay students here, she
said, was the presence of
cows grazing near the
present location of
Bowman Alumni House.
Fear of violent crime,
now a very real concern
for students here, was
low during the '30s. Dur
ing hisyears here, Glover
told the group, it would
have been "unthinka
ble" to drive past a
pedestrian on Palm Drive
without offering a ride.
For a while, he said,
there even existed a shel
ter on Palm Drive to pro
tect waiting pedestrians
from the rain. This cus
tom too, Glover said with
regret, would also be

impossible to maintain
today because of the
possible danger in -
volved.
Distinctions made be
tween upperclassmen
and I o we r c la ss m en ,
Glover said, were very
strong during his under
graduate years. Men
traditionally wore
moleskins — trousers
made out of a soft, wool
len material — during
their freshman and
sophomore years, and
corduroys during their
junior and senior years.
At the beginning of the
junior year, he said, stu
dents often rubbed their
first pair of corduroys in
the dirt ''so they
wouldn't look too new."
Freshmen always lived in
separate dorms from up
perclassmen; all first
year men were housed in
Encina Hall while all
first-year women were
housed in Roble.
Both Bacon and Glover
said that rules governing
student behavior were
much stricter and much
more tightly enforced
than they are today. Stu
dents were assigned
sponsors to monitor
their behavior, and those
caught committing such
misdeeds as waterbomb
ing, which Glover called
the "favorite sport" of
students during the time,
were assigned to work a
certain number of hours
in a convalescent home
which stood near the
present location of Chil
dren's Hospital.
Once a year, he told
the group, the entire
student body would turn
out at the convalescent
home a spend the day
working in the garden
which surrounded it.
After they finished, the
students would hold a

barbeque in the garden.
Rules governing worn
ens' behavior were espe
cially strict by contempo
rary standards. While
male students were al
ways free to come and go
as they pleased, Bacon
said, women observed a
strict 10:30 curfew on
school nights and were
required to follow a
"very elaborate" system
of signing-out and
signing-in. Women who
violated curfew rules
were called before the
womens' council in their
dorms, and those with a
certain number of repeat
offenses were temporar
ily grounded on
weekends.
Although women gen
erally accepted the in
equalities of treatment
which they received,
such as their inabilitv to

hold certain offices, they
did complain often about
the curfew rules, Bacon
said.
The curfew rules also
had a direct affect on
Stanford men. Glover
quipped that the drive
ways in front of womens'
dorms were "the most
dangerous places on
campus" when the
weekend curfew ap
proached. Several car
accidents, he said, were
caused by anxious male
students racing through
campus to deliver their
dates home before 2:00
a.m.
If the male student
failed to return his date
on time, Clover said, it
was customary that he
send her roses at break
fast the next day.
Womens' dress codes
were also quite strict,
Bacon said. Students
were allowed to wear
bobby socks in their
dorms and could wear
them outside as far as the
Post Office (which was
located at the time near
Dinkelspiel's current lo
cation), but they were
required to wear long
silk stockings in the
Quad and in class.
Social life here during
the '30s was firmly cen
tered around dating.
Female students, Bacon
said, were very much
concerned with the im
pressions they made on
men, and those who
found themselves with
out dates on the
weekend usually chose
to stay quietly at home
rather than appear alone
in public.
The fact that there
were only SJO women in
an undergraduate popu
lation of 2700 students,
however, did not always
give women here a spe

cial advantage. The gen
eral consensus among
male students here,
Bacon said, was "It's
okay to go to class with
500 but if you want a
date, go to Mills." Be
cause of the distance and
difficulty of travel in
volved, however, few
male students took this
option.
Bacon added that male
students often found
their female classmates
intimidating because
"they were smarter than
the boys."
The Prohibition also
had a strong influence on
campus social life. Ac
cording to Clover, who
was president ot the
Delta Tau Delta (Delts)
fraternity during his
years here, there was
"very little drinking on
campus," even in the
fraternities. Students
caught drinking, he said,
were often "tossed off
campus." In one inci
dent, Glover said, Delt
house members were
fined five dollars apiece
after alcohol was dis
covered at one of their
dances.
Students, however,
generally did not fight
the strict regulations
against alcohol. "We re
ally did not think that
much about it," Bacon
said. She recalled how
shocked she and some of
her fellow students were
to discover some women
in her sorority sippin g a
bottle of wine. She and
the other students hear

tily scolded them for
their transgression.
"We were very indig
nant about it," she told
the group.
Students here in the
early '30s, Bacon said,
were quite "naive and in
sular" in comparison to
students today. Her
classmates, she said,
concerned theml e v e s
not with worldly social
issues but with such mat
ters as convincing
then—President Wilbur
that palm trees, and not
oak trees, should be
planted along Palm
Drive. When informed 01
Wilbur's proposal to
limit Stanford to up
perclassmen and
graduate students and
put freshmen and
sophomores in junior
colleges, she recalled
with amusement that her
first reaction was "How
could we have a football
game with only |unior
and senior transfers?"
Bacon told the group
that she came to Stanford
for the same reason stu
dents come today—for
the reputation of the
school, which was al
ready strong.
Glover, however, was
attracted to Stanford by
other factors. When visit
ing friends here, he had
the opportunity to attend
a football game and was
impressed by the en
thusiasm of the students.
"I came to Stanford for
the rooting section," he
said.


FOOTBALL NOSTALGIA: Elway's predecessors set
the tone for the Big Game rivalry which we still carry
on. Gaieties and a Big Game bonfire were traditional
festivities of the '30s.


REGISTRATION BLUES: Students during the 1930's
also faced a hectic registration procedure. Hectic,
yes, but not quite as crowded as Maples tends to be.


THE C.0.P.?: Two student body presidents during
1933 eagerly await the arrival of the distinguished
Stanford alumni Herbert Hoover.


STOP THE PRESS: Although the technology has im
proved, another old Stanford tradition, The Daily,
existed then as it does now.
The "Stanford Experi
ence" of the Prohibition
years, according to two
enthusiastic witnesses,
was radically different
from the one students
here know today.
During a discussion
held at the Faculty Club
last Wednesday night,
Fred Clover and
Rosamond Bacon, both
alumni and long-time
Stanford residents, chat
ted informally with curi
ous students and staff
members about their
years as undergraduates.
Both spoke of their col
lege years with fondness
and nostalgia—but both
also agreed that recent
changes in student life
have been for the better.
The Stanford Bacon
and Glover knew as un
dergraduates was a
smaller, more intimate
place than the bicycle
congested campus it is
today. The student body,
which was composed of
2700 undergraduates and
900 graduate students,
was so small that stu
dents made a point to say
hello to every person
they met in the Quad.
Maintaining this custom,
Glover admitted, would

be a physical impossibil
ity today.
"People would think
you were nuts!" he said,
laughing.
I he smaller size of the
student body and the re
lative isolation of the
Stanford campus during
the early '30 s affected
the lives of students in
other ways as well. Bacon
said that because few
students had cars and
planes were not yet used
for travel, students rarely
traveled far from campus
during the school year.
Another feature of which
would surprise modern
clay students here, she
said, was the presence of
cows grazing near the
present location of
Bowman Alumni House.
Fear of violent crime,
now a very real concern
for students here, was
low during the '30s. Dur
ing hisyears here, Glover
told the group, it would
have been "unthinka
ble" to drive past a
pedestrian on Palm Drive
without offering a ride.
For a while, he said,
there even existed a shel
ter on Palm Drive to pro
tect waiting pedestrians
from the rain. This cus
tom too, Glover said with
regret, would also be

impossible to maintain
today because of the
possible danger in -
volved.
Distinctions made be
tween upperclassmen
and I o we r c la ss m en ,
Glover said, were very
strong during his under
graduate years. Men
traditionally wore
moleskins — trousers
made out of a soft, wool
len material — during
their freshman and
sophomore years, and
corduroys during their
junior and senior years.
At the beginning of the
junior year, he said, stu
dents often rubbed their
first pair of corduroys in
the dirt ''so they
wouldn't look too new."
Freshmen always lived in
separate dorms from up
perclassmen; all first
year men were housed in
Encina Hall while all
first-year women were
housed in Roble.
Both Bacon and Glover
said that rules governing
student behavior were
much stricter and much
more tightly enforced
than they are today. Stu
dents were assigned
sponsors to monitor
their behavior, and those
caught committing such
misdeeds as waterbomb
ing, which Glover called
the "favorite sport" of
students during the time,
were assigned to work a
certain number of hours
in a convalescent home
which stood near the
present location of Chil
dren's Hospital.
Once a year, he told
the group, the entire
student body would turn
out at the convalescent
home a spend the day
working in the garden
which surrounded it.
After they finished, the
students would hold a

barbeque in the garden.
Rules governing worn
ens' behavior were espe
cially strict by contempo
rary standards. While
male students were al
ways free to come and go
as they pleased, Bacon
said, women observed a
strict 10:30 curfew on
school nights and were
required to follow a
"very elaborate" system
of signing-out and
signing-in. Women who
violated curfew rules
were called before the
womens' council in their
dorms, and those with a
certain number of repeat
offenses were temporar
ily grounded on
weekends.
Although women gen
erally accepted the in
equalities of treatment
which they received,
such as their inabilitv to

hold certain offices, they
did complain often about
the curfew rules, Bacon
said.
The curfew rules also
had a direct affect on
Stanford men. Glover
quipped that the drive
ways in front of womens'
dorms were "the most
dangerous places on
campus" when the
weekend curfew ap
proached. Several car
accidents, he said, were
caused by anxious male
students racing through
campus to deliver their
dates home before 2:00
a.m.
If the male student
failed to return his date
on time, Clover said, it
was customary that he
send her roses at break
fast the next day.
Womens' dress codes
were also quite strict,
Bacon said. Students
were allowed to wear
bobby socks in their
dorms and could wear
them outside as far as the
Post Office (which was
located at the time near
Dinkelspiel's current lo
cation), but they were
required to wear long
silk stockings in the
Quad and in class.
Social life here during
the '30s was firmly cen
tered around dating.
Female students, Bacon
said, were very much
concerned with the im
pressions they made on
men, and those who
found themselves with
out dates on the
weekend usually chose
to stay quietly at home
rather than appear alone
in public.
The fact that there
were only SJO women in
an undergraduate popu
lation of 2700 students,
however, did not always
give women here a spe

cial advantage. The gen
eral consensus among
male students here,
Bacon said, was "It's
okay to go to class with
500 but if you want a
date, go to Mills." Be
cause of the distance and
difficulty of travel in
volved, however, few
male students took this
option.
Bacon added that male
students often found
their female classmates
intimidating because
"they were smarter than
the boys."
The Prohibition also
had a strong influence on
campus social life. Ac
cording to Clover, who
was president ot the
Delta Tau Delta (Delts)
fraternity during his
years here, there was
"very little drinking on
campus," even in the
fraternities. Students
caught drinking, he said,
were often "tossed off
campus." In one inci
dent, Glover said, Delt
house members were
fined five dollars apiece
after alcohol was dis
covered at one of their
dances.
Students, however,
generally did not fight
the strict regulations
against alcohol. "We re
ally did not think that
much about it," Bacon
said. She recalled how
shocked she and some of
her fellow students were
to discover some women
in her sorority sippin g a
bottle of wine. She and
the other students hear

tily scolded them for
their transgression.
"We were very indig
nant about it," she told
the group.
Students here in the
early '30s, Bacon said,
were quite "naive and in
sular" in comparison to
students today. Her
classmates, she said,
concerned theml e v e s
not with worldly social
issues but with such mat
ters as convincing
then—President Wilbur
that palm trees, and not
oak trees, should be
planted along Palm
Drive. When informed 01
Wilbur's proposal to
limit Stanford to up
perclassmen and
graduate students and
put freshmen and
sophomores in junior
colleges, she recalled
with amusement that her
first reaction was "How
could we have a football
game with only |unior
and senior transfers?"
Bacon told the group
that she came to Stanford
for the same reason stu
dents come today—for
the reputation of the
school, which was al
ready strong.
Glover, however, was
attracted to Stanford by
other factors. When visit
ing friends here, he had
the opportunity to attend
a football game and was
impressed by the en
thusiasm of the students.
"I came to Stanford for
the rooting section," he
said.


FOOTBALL NOSTALGIA: Elway's predecessors set
the tone for the Big Game rivalry which we still carry
on. Gaieties and a Big Game bonfire were traditional
festivities of the '30s.


REGISTRATION BLUES: Students during the 1930's
also faced a hectic registration procedure. Hectic,
yes, but not quite as crowded as Maples tends to be.


THE C.0.P.?: Two student body presidents during
1933 eagerly await the arrival of the distinguished
Stanford alumni Herbert Hoover.


STOP THE PRESS: Although the technology has im
proved, another old Stanford tradition, The Daily,
existed then as it does now.
The "Stanford Experi
ence" of the Prohibition
years, according to two
enthusiastic witnesses,
was radically different
from the one students
here know today.
During a discussion
held at the Faculty Club
last Wednesday night,
Fred Clover and
Rosamond Bacon, both
alumni and long-time
Stanford residents, chat
ted informally with curi
ous students and staff
members about their
years as undergraduates.
Both spoke of their col
lege years with fondness
and nostalgia—but both
also agreed that recent
changes in student life
have been for the better.
The Stanford Bacon
and Glover knew as un
dergraduates was a
smaller, more intimate
place than the bicycle
congested campus it is
today. The student body,
which was composed of
2700 undergraduates and
900 graduate students,
was so small that stu
dents made a point to say
hello to every person
they met in the Quad.
Maintaining this custom,
Glover admitted, would

be a physical impossibil
ity today.
"People would think
you were nuts!" he said,
laughing.
I he smaller size of the
student body and the re
lative isolation of the
Stanford campus during
the early '30 s affected
the lives of students in
other ways as well. Bacon
said that because few
students had cars and
planes were not yet used
for travel, students rarely
traveled far from campus
during the school year.
Another feature of which
would surprise modern
clay students here, she
said, was the presence of
cows grazing near the
present location of
Bowman Alumni House.
Fear of violent crime,
now a very real concern
for students here, was
low during the '30s. Dur
ing hisyears here, Glover
told the group, it would
have been "unthinka
ble" to drive past a
pedestrian on Palm Drive
without offering a ride.
For a while, he said,
there even existed a shel
ter on Palm Drive to pro
tect waiting pedestrians
from the rain. This cus
tom too, Glover said with
regret, would also be

impossible to maintain
today because of the
possible danger in -
volved.
Distinctions made be
tween upperclassmen
and I o we r c la ss m en ,
Glover said, were very
strong during his under
graduate years. Men
traditionally wore
moleskins — trousers
made out of a soft, wool
len material — during
their freshman and
sophomore years, and
corduroys during their
junior and senior years.
At the beginning of the
junior year, he said, stu
dents often rubbed their
first pair of corduroys in
the dirt ''so they
wouldn't look too new."
Freshmen always lived in
separate dorms from up
perclassmen; all first
year men were housed in
Encina Hall while all
first-year women were
housed in Roble.
Both Bacon and Glover
said that rules governing
student behavior were
much stricter and much
more tightly enforced
than they are today. Stu
dents were assigned
sponsors to monitor
their behavior, and those
caught committing such
misdeeds as waterbomb
ing, which Glover called
the "favorite sport" of
students during the time,
were assigned to work a
certain number of hours
in a convalescent home
which stood near the
present location of Chil
dren's Hospital.
Once a year, he told
the group, the entire
student body would turn
out at the convalescent
home a spend the day
working in the garden
which surrounded it.
After they finished, the
students would hold a

barbeque in the garden.
Rules governing worn
ens' behavior were espe
cially strict by contempo
rary standards. While
male students were al
ways free to come and go
as they pleased, Bacon
said, women observed a
strict 10:30 curfew on
school nights and were
required to follow a
"very elaborate" system
of signing-out and
signing-in. Women who
violated curfew rules
were called before the
womens' council in their
dorms, and those with a
certain number of repeat
offenses were temporar
ily grounded on
weekends.
Although women gen
erally accepted the in
equalities of treatment
which they received,
such as their inabilitv to

hold certain offices, they
did complain often about
the curfew rules, Bacon
said.
The curfew rules also
had a direct affect on
Stanford men. Glover
quipped that the drive
ways in front of womens'
dorms were "the most
dangerous places on
campus" when the
weekend curfew ap
proached. Several car
accidents, he said, were
caused by anxious male
students racing through
campus to deliver their
dates home before 2:00
a.m.
If the male student
failed to return his date
on time, Clover said, it
was customary that he
send her roses at break
fast the next day.
Womens' dress codes
were also quite strict,
Bacon said. Students
were allowed to wear
bobby socks in their
dorms and could wear
them outside as far as the
Post Office (which was
located at the time near
Dinkelspiel's current lo
cation), but they were
required to wear long
silk stockings in the
Quad and in class.
Social life here during
the '30s was firmly cen
tered around dating.
Female students, Bacon
said, were very much
concerned with the im
pressions they made on
men, and those who
found themselves with
out dates on the
weekend usually chose
to stay quietly at home
rather than appear alone
in public.
The fact that there
were only SJO women in
an undergraduate popu
lation of 2700 students,
however, did not always
give women here a spe

cial advantage. The gen
eral consensus among
male students here,
Bacon said, was "It's
okay to go to class with
500 but if you want a
date, go to Mills." Be
cause of the distance and
difficulty of travel in
volved, however, few
male students took this
option.
Bacon added that male
students often found
their female classmates
intimidating because
"they were smarter than
the boys."
The Prohibition also
had a strong influence on
campus social life. Ac
cording to Clover, who
was president ot the
Delta Tau Delta (Delts)
fraternity during his
years here, there was
"very little drinking on
campus," even in the
fraternities. Students
caught drinking, he said,
were often "tossed off
campus." In one inci
dent, Glover said, Delt
house members were
fined five dollars apiece
after alcohol was dis
covered at one of their
dances.
Students, however,
generally did not fight
the strict regulations
against alcohol. "We re
ally did not think that
much about it," Bacon
said. She recalled how
shocked she and some of
her fellow students were
to discover some women
in her sorority sippin g a
bottle of wine. She and
the other students hear

tily scolded them for
their transgression.
"We were very indig
nant about it," she told
the group.
Students here in the
early '30s, Bacon said,
were quite "naive and in
sular" in comparison to
students today. Her
classmates, she said,
concerned theml e v e s
not with worldly social
issues but with such mat
ters as convincing
then—President Wilbur
that palm trees, and not
oak trees, should be
planted along Palm
Drive. When informed 01
Wilbur's proposal to
limit Stanford to up
perclassmen and
graduate students and
put freshmen and
sophomores in junior
colleges, she recalled
with amusement that her
first reaction was "How
could we have a football
game with only |unior
and senior transfers?"
Bacon told the group
that she came to Stanford
for the same reason stu
dents come today—for
the reputation of the
school, which was al
ready strong.
Glover, however, was
attracted to Stanford by
other factors. When visit
ing friends here, he had
the opportunity to attend
a football game and was
impressed by the en
thusiasm of the students.
"I came to Stanford for
the rooting section," he
said.


FOOTBALL NOSTALGIA: Elway's predecessors set
the tone for the Big Game rivalry which we still carry
on. Gaieties and a Big Game bonfire were traditional
festivities of the '30s.


REGISTRATION BLUES: Students during the 1930's
also faced a hectic registration procedure. Hectic,
yes, but not quite as crowded as Maples tends to be.


THE C.0.P.?: Two student body presidents during
1933 eagerly await the arrival of the distinguished
Stanford alumni Herbert Hoover.


STOP THE PRESS: Although the technology has im
proved, another old Stanford tradition, The Daily,
existed then as it does now.
The "Stanford Experi
ence" of the Prohibition
years, according to two
enthusiastic witnesses,
was radically different
from the one students
here know today.
During a discussion
held at the Faculty Club
last Wednesday night,
Fred Clover and
Rosamond Bacon, both
alumni and long-time
Stanford residents, chat
ted informally with curi
ous students and staff
members about their
years as undergraduates.
Both spoke of their col
lege years with fondness
and nostalgia—but both
also agreed that recent
changes in student life
have been for the better.
The Stanford Bacon
and Glover knew as un
dergraduates was a
smaller, more intimate
place than the bicycle
congested campus it is
today. The student body,
which was composed of
2700 undergraduates and
900 graduate students,
was so small that stu
dents made a point to say
hello to every person
they met in the Quad.
Maintaining this custom,
Glover admitted, would

be a physical impossibil
ity today.
"People would think
you were nuts!" he said,
laughing.
I he smaller size of the
student body and the re
lative isolation of the
Stanford campus during
the early '30 s affected
the lives of students in
other ways as well. Bacon
said that because few
students had cars and
planes were not yet used
for travel, students rarely
traveled far from campus
during the school year.
Another feature of which
would surprise modern
clay students here, she
said, was the presence of
cows grazing near the
present location of
Bowman Alumni House.
Fear of violent crime,
now a very real concern
for students here, was
low during the '30s. Dur
ing hisyears here, Glover
told the group, it would
have been "unthinka
ble" to drive past a
pedestrian on Palm Drive
without offering a ride.
For a while, he said,
there even existed a shel
ter on Palm Drive to pro
tect waiting pedestrians
from the rain. This cus
tom too, Glover said with
regret, would also be

impossible to maintain
today because of the
possible danger in -
volved.
Distinctions made be
tween upperclassmen
and I o we r c la ss m en ,
Glover said, were very
strong during his under
graduate years. Men
traditionally wore
moleskins — trousers
made out of a soft, wool
len material — during
their freshman and
sophomore years, and
corduroys during their
junior and senior years.
At the beginning of the
junior year, he said, stu
dents often rubbed their
first pair of corduroys in
the dirt ''so they
wouldn't look too new."
Freshmen always lived in
separate dorms from up
perclassmen; all first
year men were housed in
Encina Hall while all
first-year women were
housed in Roble.
Both Bacon and Glover
said that rules governing
student behavior were
much stricter and much
more tightly enforced
than they are today. Stu
dents were assigned
sponsors to monitor
their behavior, and those
caught committing such
misdeeds as waterbomb
ing, which Glover called
the "favorite sport" of
students during the time,
were assigned to work a
certain number of hours
in a convalescent home
which stood near the
present location of Chil
dren's Hospital.
Once a year, he told
the group, the entire
student body would turn
out at the convalescent
home a spend the day
working in the garden
which surrounded it.
After they finished, the
students would hold a

barbeque in the garden.
Rules governing worn
ens' behavior were espe
cially strict by contempo
rary standards. While
male students were al
ways free to come and go
as they pleased, Bacon
said, women observed a
strict 10:30 curfew on
school nights and were
required to follow a
"very elaborate" system
of signing-out and
signing-in. Women who
violated curfew rules
were called before the
womens' council in their
dorms, and those with a
certain number of repeat
offenses were temporar
ily grounded on
weekends.
Although women gen
erally accepted the in
equalities of treatment
which they received,
such as their inabilitv to

hold certain offices, they
did complain often about
the curfew rules, Bacon
said.
The curfew rules also
had a direct affect on
Stanford men. Glover
quipped that the drive
ways in front of womens'
dorms were "the most
dangerous places on
campus" when the
weekend curfew ap
proached. Several car
accidents, he said, were
caused by anxious male
students racing through
campus to deliver their
dates home before 2:00
a.m.
If the male student
failed to return his date
on time, Clover said, it
was customary that he
send her roses at break
fast the next day.
Womens' dress codes
were also quite strict,
Bacon said. Students
were allowed to wear
bobby socks in their
dorms and could wear
them outside as far as the
Post Office (which was
located at the time near
Dinkelspiel's current lo
cation), but they were
required to wear long
silk stockings in the
Quad and in class.
Social life here during
the '30s was firmly cen
tered around dating.
Female students, Bacon
said, were very much
concerned with the im
pressions they made on
men, and those who
found themselves with
out dates on the
weekend usually chose
to stay quietly at home
rather than appear alone
in public.
The fact that there
were only SJO women in
an undergraduate popu
lation of 2700 students,
however, did not always
give women here a spe

cial advantage. The gen
eral consensus among
male students here,
Bacon said, was "It's
okay to go to class with
500 but if you want a
date, go to Mills." Be
cause of the distance and
difficulty of travel in
volved, however, few
male students took this
option.
Bacon added that male
students often found
their female classmates
intimidating because
"they were smarter than
the boys."
The Prohibition also
had a strong influence on
campus social life. Ac
cording to Clover, who
was president ot the
Delta Tau Delta (Delts)
fraternity during his
years here, there was
"very little drinking on
campus," even in the
fraternities. Students
caught drinking, he said,
were often "tossed off
campus." In one inci
dent, Glover said, Delt
house members were
fined five dollars apiece
after alcohol was dis
covered at one of their
dances.
Students, however,
generally did not fight
the strict regulations
against alcohol. "We re
ally did not think that
much about it," Bacon
said. She recalled how
shocked she and some of
her fellow students were
to discover some women
in her sorority sippin g a
bottle of wine. She and
the other students hear

tily scolded them for
their transgression.
"We were very indig
nant about it," she told
the group.
Students here in the
early '30s, Bacon said,
were quite "naive and in
sular" in comparison to
students today. Her
classmates, she said,
concerned theml e v e s
not with worldly social
issues but with such mat
ters as convincing
then—President Wilbur
that palm trees, and not
oak trees, should be
planted along Palm
Drive. When informed 01
Wilbur's proposal to
limit Stanford to up
perclassmen and
graduate students and
put freshmen and
sophomores in junior
colleges, she recalled
with amusement that her
first reaction was "How
could we have a football
game with only |unior
and senior transfers?"
Bacon told the group
that she came to Stanford
for the same reason stu
dents come today—for
the reputation of the
school, which was al
ready strong.
Glover, however, was
attracted to Stanford by
other factors. When visit
ing friends here, he had
the opportunity to attend
a football game and was
impressed by the en
thusiasm of the students.
"I came to Stanford for
the rooting section," he
said.


FOOTBALL NOSTALGIA: Elway's predecessors set
the tone for the Big Game rivalry which we still carry
on. Gaieties and a Big Game bonfire were traditional
festivities of the '30s.


REGISTRATION BLUES: Students during the 1930's
also faced a hectic registration procedure. Hectic,
yes, but not quite as crowded as Maples tends to be.


THE C.0.P.?: Two student body presidents during
1933 eagerly await the arrival of the distinguished
Stanford alumni Herbert Hoover.


STOP THE PRESS: Although the technology has im
proved, another old Stanford tradition, The Daily,
existed then as it does now.
The "Stanford Experi
ence" of the Prohibition
years, according to two
enthusiastic witnesses,
was radically different
from the one students
here know today.
During a discussion
held at the Faculty Club
last Wednesday night,
Fred Clover and
Rosamond Bacon, both
alumni and long-time
Stanford residents, chat
ted informally with curi
ous students and staff
members about their
years as undergraduates.
Both spoke of their col
lege years with fondness
and nostalgia—but both
also agreed that recent
changes in student life
have been for the better.
The Stanford Bacon
and Glover knew as un
dergraduates was a
smaller, more intimate
place than the bicycle
congested campus it is
today. The student body,
which was composed of
2700 undergraduates and
900 graduate students,
was so small that stu
dents made a point to say
hello to every person
they met in the Quad.
Maintaining this custom,
Glover admitted, would

be a physical impossibil
ity today.
"People would think
you were nuts!" he said,
laughing.
I he smaller size of the
student body and the re
lative isolation of the
Stanford campus during
the early '30 s affected
the lives of students in
other ways as well. Bacon
said that because few
students had cars and
planes were not yet used
for travel, students rarely
traveled far from campus
during the school year.
Another feature of which
would surprise modern
clay students here, she
said, was the presence of
cows grazing near the
present location of
Bowman Alumni House.
Fear of violent crime,
now a very real concern
for students here, was
low during the '30s. Dur
ing hisyears here, Glover
told the group, it would
have been "unthinka
ble" to drive past a
pedestrian on Palm Drive
without offering a ride.
For a while, he said,
there even existed a shel
ter on Palm Drive to pro
tect waiting pedestrians
from the rain. This cus
tom too, Glover said with
regret, would also be

impossible to maintain
today because of the
possible danger in -
volved.
Distinctions made be
tween upperclassmen
and I o we r c la ss m en ,
Glover said, were very
strong during his under
graduate years. Men
traditionally wore
moleskins — trousers
made out of a soft, wool
len material — during
their freshman and
sophomore years, and
corduroys during their
junior and senior years.
At the beginning of the
junior year, he said, stu
dents often rubbed their
first pair of corduroys in
the dirt ''so they
wouldn't look too new."
Freshmen always lived in
separate dorms from up
perclassmen; all first
year men were housed in
Encina Hall while all
first-year women were
housed in Roble.
Both Bacon and Glover
said that rules governing
student behavior were
much stricter and much
more tightly enforced
than they are today. Stu
dents were assigned
sponsors to monitor
their behavior, and those
caught committing such
misdeeds as waterbomb
ing, which Glover called
the "favorite sport" of
students during the time,
were assigned to work a
certain number of hours
in a convalescent home
which stood near the
present location of Chil
dren's Hospital.
Once a year, he told
the group, the entire
student body would turn
out at the convalescent
home a spend the day
working in the garden
which surrounded it.
After they finished, the
students would hold a

barbeque in the garden.
Rules governing worn
ens' behavior were espe
cially strict by contempo
rary standards. While
male students were al
ways free to come and go
as they pleased, Bacon
said, women observed a
strict 10:30 curfew on
school nights and were
required to follow a
"very elaborate" system
of signing-out and
signing-in. Women who
violated curfew rules
were called before the
womens' council in their
dorms, and those with a
certain number of repeat
offenses were temporar
ily grounded on
weekends.
Although women gen
erally accepted the in
equalities of treatment
which they received,
such as their inabilitv to

hold certain offices, they
did complain often about
the curfew rules, Bacon
said.
The curfew rules also
had a direct affect on
Stanford men. Glover
quipped that the drive
ways in front of womens'
dorms were "the most
dangerous places on
campus" when the
weekend curfew ap
proached. Several car
accidents, he said, were
caused by anxious male
students racing through
campus to deliver their
dates home before 2:00
a.m.
If the male student
failed to return his date
on time, Clover said, it
was customary that he
send her roses at break
fast the next day.
Womens' dress codes
were also quite strict,
Bacon said. Students
were allowed to wear
bobby socks in their
dorms and could wear
them outside as far as the
Post Office (which was
located at the time near
Dinkelspiel's current lo
cation), but they were
required to wear long
silk stockings in the
Quad and in class.
Social life here during
the '30s was firmly cen
tered around dating.
Female students, Bacon
said, were very much
concerned with the im
pressions they made on
men, and those who
found themselves with
out dates on the
weekend usually chose
to stay quietly at home
rather than appear alone
in public.
The fact that there
were only SJO women in
an undergraduate popu
lation of 2700 students,
however, did not always
give women here a spe

cial advantage. The gen
eral consensus among
male students here,
Bacon said, was "It's
okay to go to class with
500 but if you want a
date, go to Mills." Be
cause of the distance and
difficulty of travel in
volved, however, few
male students took this
option.
Bacon added that male
students often found
their female classmates
intimidating because
"they were smarter than
the boys."
The Prohibition also
had a strong influence on
campus social life. Ac
cording to Clover, who
was president ot the
Delta Tau Delta (Delts)
fraternity during his
years here, there was
"very little drinking on
campus," even in the
fraternities. Students
caught drinking, he said,
were often "tossed off
campus." In one inci
dent, Glover said, Delt
house members were
fined five dollars apiece
after alcohol was dis
covered at one of their
dances.
Students, however,
generally did not fight
the strict regulations
against alcohol. "We re
ally did not think that
much about it," Bacon
said. She recalled how
shocked she and some of
her fellow students were
to discover some women
in her sorority sippin g a
bottle of wine. She and
the other students hear

tily scolded them for
their transgression.
"We were very indig
nant about it," she told
the group.
Students here in the
early '30s, Bacon said,
were quite "naive and in
sular" in comparison to
students today. Her
classmates, she said,
concerned theml e v e s
not with worldly social
issues but with such mat
ters as convincing
then—President Wilbur
that palm trees, and not
oak trees, should be
planted along Palm
Drive. When informed 01
Wilbur's proposal to
limit Stanford to up
perclassmen and
graduate students and
put freshmen and
sophomores in junior
colleges, she recalled
with amusement that her
first reaction was "How
could we have a football
game with only |unior
and senior transfers?"
Bacon told the group
that she came to Stanford
for the same reason stu
dents come today—for
the reputation of the
school, which was al
ready strong.
Glover, however, was
attracted to Stanford by
other factors. When visit
ing friends here, he had
the opportunity to attend
a football game and was
impressed by the en
thusiasm of the students.
"I came to Stanford for
the rooting section," he
said.


FOOTBALL NOSTALGIA: Elway's predecessors set
the tone for the Big Game rivalry which we still carry
on. Gaieties and a Big Game bonfire were traditional
festivities of the '30s.


REGISTRATION BLUES: Students during the 1930's
also faced a hectic registration procedure. Hectic,
yes, but not quite as crowded as Maples tends to be.


THE C.0.P.?: Two student body presidents during
1933 eagerly await the arrival of the distinguished
Stanford alumni Herbert Hoover.


STOP THE PRESS: Although the technology has im
proved, another old Stanford tradition, The Daily,
existed then as it does now.
The "Stanford Experi
ence" of the Prohibition
years, according to two
enthusiastic witnesses,
was radically different
from the one students
here know today.
During a discussion
held at the Faculty Club
last Wednesday night,
Fred Clover and
Rosamond Bacon, both
alumni and long-time
Stanford residents, chat
ted informally with curi
ous students and staff
members about their
years as undergraduates.
Both spoke of their col
lege years with fondness
and nostalgia—but both
also agreed that recent
changes in student life
have been for the better.
The Stanford Bacon
and Glover knew as un
dergraduates was a
smaller, more intimate
place than the bicycle
congested campus it is
today. The student body,
which was composed of
2700 undergraduates and
900 graduate students,
was so small that stu
dents made a point to say
hello to every person
they met in the Quad.
Maintaining this custom,
Glover admitted, would

be a physical impossibil
ity today.
"People would think
you were nuts!" he said,
laughing.
I he smaller size of the
student body and the re
lative isolation of the
Stanford campus during
the early '30 s affected
the lives of students in
other ways as well. Bacon
said that because few
students had cars and
planes were not yet used
for travel, students rarely
traveled far from campus
during the school year.
Another feature of which
would surprise modern
clay students here, she
said, was the presence of
cows grazing near the
present location of
Bowman Alumni House.
Fear of violent crime,
now a very real concern
for students here, was
low during the '30s. Dur
ing hisyears here, Glover
told the group, it would
have been "unthinka
ble" to drive past a
pedestrian on Palm Drive
without offering a ride.
For a while, he said,
there even existed a shel
ter on Palm Drive to pro
tect waiting pedestrians
from the rain. This cus
tom too, Glover said with
regret, would also be

impossible to maintain
today because of the
possible danger in -
volved.
Distinctions made be
tween upperclassmen
and I o we r c la ss m en ,
Glover said, were very
strong during his under
graduate years. Men
traditionally wore
moleskins — trousers
made out of a soft, wool
len material — during
their freshman and
sophomore years, and
corduroys during their
junior and senior years.
At the beginning of the
junior year, he said, stu
dents often rubbed their
first pair of corduroys in
the dirt ''so they
wouldn't look too new."
Freshmen always lived in
separate dorms from up
perclassmen; all first
year men were housed in
Encina Hall while all
first-year women were
housed in Roble.
Both Bacon and Glover
said that rules governing
student behavior were
much stricter and much
more tightly enforced
than they are today. Stu
dents were assigned
sponsors to monitor
their behavior, and those
caught committing such
misdeeds as waterbomb
ing, which Glover called
the "favorite sport" of
students during the time,
were assigned to work a
certain number of hours
in a convalescent home
which stood near the
present location of Chil
dren's Hospital.
Once a year, he told
the group, the entire
student body would turn
out at the convalescent
home a spend the day
working in the garden
which surrounded it.
After they finished, the
students would hold a

barbeque in the garden.
Rules governing worn
ens' behavior were espe
cially strict by contempo
rary standards. While
male students were al
ways free to come and go
as they pleased, Bacon
said, women observed a
strict 10:30 curfew on
school nights and were
required to follow a
"very elaborate" system
of signing-out and
signing-in. Women who
violated curfew rules
were called before the
womens' council in their
dorms, and those with a
certain number of repeat
offenses were temporar
ily grounded on
weekends.
Although women gen
erally accepted the in
equalities of treatment
which they received,
such as their inabilitv to

hold certain offices, they
did complain often about
the curfew rules, Bacon
said.
The curfew rules also
had a direct affect on
Stanford men. Glover
quipped that the drive
ways in front of womens'
dorms were "the most
dangerous places on
campus" when the
weekend curfew ap
proached. Several car
accidents, he said, were
caused by anxious male
students racing through
campus to deliver their
dates home before 2:00
a.m.
If the male student
failed to return his date
on time, Clover said, it
was customary that he
send her roses at break
fast the next day.
Womens' dress codes
were also quite strict,
Bacon said. Students
were allowed to wear
bobby socks in their
dorms and could wear
them outside as far as the
Post Office (which was
located at the time near
Dinkelspiel's current lo
cation), but they were
required to wear long
silk stockings in the
Quad and in class.
Social life here during
the '30s was firmly cen
tered around dating.
Female students, Bacon
said, were very much
concerned with the im
pressions they made on
men, and those who
found themselves with
out dates on the
weekend usually chose
to stay quietly at home
rather than appear alone
in public.
The fact that there
were only SJO women in
an undergraduate popu
lation of 2700 students,
however, did not always
give women here a spe

cial advantage. The gen
eral consensus among
male students here,
Bacon said, was "It's
okay to go to class with
500 but if you want a
date, go to Mills." Be
cause of the distance and
difficulty of travel in
volved, however, few
male students took this
option.
Bacon added that male
students often found
their female classmates
intimidating because
"they were smarter than
the boys."
The Prohibition also
had a strong influence on
campus social life. Ac
cording to Clover, who
was president ot the
Delta Tau Delta (Delts)
fraternity during his
years here, there was
"very little drinking on
campus," even in the
fraternities. Students
caught drinking, he said,
were often "tossed off
campus." In one inci
dent, Glover said, Delt
house members were
fined five dollars apiece
after alcohol was dis
covered at one of their
dances.
Students, however,
generally did not fight
the strict regulations
against alcohol. "We re
ally did not think that
much about it," Bacon
said. She recalled how
shocked she and some of
her fellow students were
to discover some women
in her sorority sippin g a
bottle of wine. She and
the other students hear

tily scolded them for
their transgression.
"We were very indig
nant about it," she told
the group.
Students here in the
early '30s, Bacon said,
were quite "naive and in
sular" in comparison to
students today. Her
classmates, she said,
concerned theml e v e s
not with worldly social
issues but with such mat
ters as convincing
then—President Wilbur
that palm trees, and not
oak trees, should be
planted along Palm
Drive. When informed 01
Wilbur's proposal to
limit Stanford to up
perclassmen and
graduate students and
put freshmen and
sophomores in junior
colleges, she recalled
with amusement that her
first reaction was "How
could we have a football
game with only |unior
and senior transfers?"
Bacon told the group
that she came to Stanford
for the same reason stu
dents come today—for
the reputation of the
school, which was al
ready strong.
Glover, however, was
attracted to Stanford by
other factors. When visit
ing friends here, he had
the opportunity to attend
a football game and was
impressed by the en
thusiasm of the students.
"I came to Stanford for
the rooting section," he
said.


FOOTBALL NOSTALGIA: Elway's predecessors set
the tone for the Big Game rivalry which we still carry
on. Gaieties and a Big Game bonfire were traditional
festivities of the '30s.


REGISTRATION BLUES: Students during the 1930's
also faced a hectic registration procedure. Hectic,
yes, but not quite as crowded as Maples tends to be.


THE C.0.P.?: Two student body presidents during
1933 eagerly await the arrival of the distinguished
Stanford alumni Herbert Hoover.


STOP THE PRESS: Although the technology has im
proved, another old Stanford tradition, The Daily,
existed then as it does now.
