# Untitled Article
## 
### 

When it isn't raining, renovation of the History Corner
continues. The interior has been removed, and only the
outer sandstone walls remain. The renovation, estimated

to cost $8 million, is scheduled to be completed by
September 1979.

When it isn't raining, renovation of the History Corner
continues. The interior has been removed, and only the
outer sandstone walls remain. The renovation, estimated

to cost $8 million, is scheduled to be completed by
September 1979.

When it isn't raining, renovation of the History Corner
continues. The interior has been removed, and only the
outer sandstone walls remain. The renovation, estimated

to cost $8 million, is scheduled to be completed by
September 1979.

When it isn't raining, renovation of the History Corner
continues. The interior has been removed, and only the
outer sandstone walls remain. The renovation, estimated

to cost $8 million, is scheduled to be completed by
September 1979.

When it isn't raining, renovation of the History Corner
continues. The interior has been removed, and only the
outer sandstone walls remain. The renovation, estimated

to cost $8 million, is scheduled to be completed by
September 1979.

When it isn't raining, renovation of the History Corner
continues. The interior has been removed, and only the
outer sandstone walls remain. The renovation, estimated

to cost $8 million, is scheduled to be completed by
September 1979.

When it isn't raining, renovation of the History Corner
continues. The interior has been removed, and only the
outer sandstone walls remain. The renovation, estimated

to cost $8 million, is scheduled to be completed by
September 1979.

When it isn't raining, renovation of the History Corner
continues. The interior has been removed, and only the
outer sandstone walls remain. The renovation, estimated

to cost $8 million, is scheduled to be completed by
September 1979.

When it isn't raining, renovation of the History Corner
continues. The interior has been removed, and only the
outer sandstone walls remain. The renovation, estimated

to cost $8 million, is scheduled to be completed by
September 1979.

When it isn't raining, renovation of the History Corner
continues. The interior has been removed, and only the
outer sandstone walls remain. The renovation, estimated

to cost $8 million, is scheduled to be completed by
September 1979.

When it isn't raining, renovation of the History Corner
continues. The interior has been removed, and only the
outer sandstone walls remain. The renovation, estimated

to cost $8 million, is scheduled to be completed by
September 1979.
