# IIR Sidewalk Cafe To Open Sunday
## 
### 
Stanford's sidewalk cafe, oper
ated by the lIR and ASSU, will
open Sunday, April 16. It is lo
cated on the Row next to the I-
CenteV and across from Dinkcl
spiel Auditorium.
The menu will be supplemented
in the evenings with entertain
ment provided by four folksing
ers. Iced and hot coffee and tea,
and pastries will be served Sun
day through Thursday from 2:30
until 4:30 p.m., and in tlie eve
nings from 8:30 to 11.
Senior Joe Lisi, the manager of
the cafe, hopes to expand the en
tertainment schedule if it is well
received. A major purpose of the
cafe is to provide more opportu
nities for meeting foreign stu
dents, Lisi said.
