# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The turn of i.ffuira in the Harvard
football situation cannot but bring
with it a teeling of relief iu those
colleges most directly concerned in
Harvard's action. The action of the
faculty iu advising the discontiuu
au'-e of football hud a profound ef
fect as soon as it was promulgated,
and it was thought, fora time that
the football interests at Yale and
Pennsylvania would suffer to such
an extent that the game would finally
die out at those places'. The news,
however, which comes today changes
the situation, and brings with it a
lesson of great importance. The
warning that football will bo abol
ished at Harvard should citcum
stances make it. desirable, comes now
with more potent force than ever be
fore. The remit will undoubtedly
be thut football rules will be so re
vised that such Â«>bjtctionable fea
tures as those which crept out at
Springfield will he an impossibility.
Harvard's whole course will, there
fore, result iu great good to football
and to college athletics iu general.
