# Dr. Jordan Contributes to "Dial."
## 
### 
In the "Dial' for September, Presi
dent Jordan contributed a critical re
view of Professor V. L. Kellogg's
latest book, "Darwinism Today,'
which has just been published by
Henry Holt & Co. In his book Pro
fessor Kellogg brings together and
comments upon all the present day
literature in regard to the Darwinian
theory of evolution. He also discuss
er in detail all the various theories
which have been advanced by scien
tists in support of Darwin. The book
is very comprehensive and covers the
subject as no previous work has done.
The October number of "Science"
contains a report of a spcech made by
Dr. Jordan while in Australia in
which he gives his impressions of the
University system of the Antipodes.
He summarizes its merits and then
points out where improvements could
he made.
In the "Dial' for September, Presi
dent Jordan contributed a critical re
view of Professor V. L. Kellogg's
latest book, "Darwinism Today,'
which has just been published by
Henry Holt & Co. In his book Pro
fessor Kellogg brings together and
comments upon all the present day
literature in regard to the Darwinian
theory of evolution. He also discuss
er in detail all the various theories
which have been advanced by scien
tists in support of Darwin. The book
is very comprehensive and covers the
subject as no previous work has done.
The October number of "Science"
contains a report of a spcech made by
Dr. Jordan while in Australia in
which he gives his impressions of the
University system of the Antipodes.
He summarizes its merits and then
points out where improvements could
he made.
In the "Dial' for September, Presi
dent Jordan contributed a critical re
view of Professor V. L. Kellogg's
latest book, "Darwinism Today,'
which has just been published by
Henry Holt & Co. In his book Pro
fessor Kellogg brings together and
comments upon all the present day
literature in regard to the Darwinian
theory of evolution. He also discuss
er in detail all the various theories
which have been advanced by scien
tists in support of Darwin. The book
is very comprehensive and covers the
subject as no previous work has done.
The October number of "Science"
contains a report of a spcech made by
Dr. Jordan while in Australia in
which he gives his impressions of the
University system of the Antipodes.
He summarizes its merits and then
points out where improvements could
he made.
In the "Dial' for September, Presi
dent Jordan contributed a critical re
view of Professor V. L. Kellogg's
latest book, "Darwinism Today,'
which has just been published by
Henry Holt & Co. In his book Pro
fessor Kellogg brings together and
comments upon all the present day
literature in regard to the Darwinian
theory of evolution. He also discuss
er in detail all the various theories
which have been advanced by scien
tists in support of Darwin. The book
is very comprehensive and covers the
subject as no previous work has done.
The October number of "Science"
contains a report of a spcech made by
Dr. Jordan while in Australia in
which he gives his impressions of the
University system of the Antipodes.
He summarizes its merits and then
points out where improvements could
he made.
In the "Dial' for September, Presi
dent Jordan contributed a critical re
view of Professor V. L. Kellogg's
latest book, "Darwinism Today,'
which has just been published by
Henry Holt & Co. In his book Pro
fessor Kellogg brings together and
comments upon all the present day
literature in regard to the Darwinian
theory of evolution. He also discuss
er in detail all the various theories
which have been advanced by scien
tists in support of Darwin. The book
is very comprehensive and covers the
subject as no previous work has done.
The October number of "Science"
contains a report of a spcech made by
Dr. Jordan while in Australia in
which he gives his impressions of the
University system of the Antipodes.
He summarizes its merits and then
points out where improvements could
he made.
In the "Dial' for September, Presi
dent Jordan contributed a critical re
view of Professor V. L. Kellogg's
latest book, "Darwinism Today,'
which has just been published by
Henry Holt & Co. In his book Pro
fessor Kellogg brings together and
comments upon all the present day
literature in regard to the Darwinian
theory of evolution. He also discuss
er in detail all the various theories
which have been advanced by scien
tists in support of Darwin. The book
is very comprehensive and covers the
subject as no previous work has done.
The October number of "Science"
contains a report of a spcech made by
Dr. Jordan while in Australia in
which he gives his impressions of the
University system of the Antipodes.
He summarizes its merits and then
points out where improvements could
he made.
In the "Dial' for September, Presi
dent Jordan contributed a critical re
view of Professor V. L. Kellogg's
latest book, "Darwinism Today,'
which has just been published by
Henry Holt & Co. In his book Pro
fessor Kellogg brings together and
comments upon all the present day
literature in regard to the Darwinian
theory of evolution. He also discuss
er in detail all the various theories
which have been advanced by scien
tists in support of Darwin. The book
is very comprehensive and covers the
subject as no previous work has done.
The October number of "Science"
contains a report of a spcech made by
Dr. Jordan while in Australia in
which he gives his impressions of the
University system of the Antipodes.
He summarizes its merits and then
points out where improvements could
he made.
In the "Dial' for September, Presi
dent Jordan contributed a critical re
view of Professor V. L. Kellogg's
latest book, "Darwinism Today,'
which has just been published by
Henry Holt & Co. In his book Pro
fessor Kellogg brings together and
comments upon all the present day
literature in regard to the Darwinian
theory of evolution. He also discuss
er in detail all the various theories
which have been advanced by scien
tists in support of Darwin. The book
is very comprehensive and covers the
subject as no previous work has done.
The October number of "Science"
contains a report of a spcech made by
Dr. Jordan while in Australia in
which he gives his impressions of the
University system of the Antipodes.
He summarizes its merits and then
points out where improvements could
he made.
In the "Dial' for September, Presi
dent Jordan contributed a critical re
view of Professor V. L. Kellogg's
latest book, "Darwinism Today,'
which has just been published by
Henry Holt & Co. In his book Pro
fessor Kellogg brings together and
comments upon all the present day
literature in regard to the Darwinian
theory of evolution. He also discuss
er in detail all the various theories
which have been advanced by scien
tists in support of Darwin. The book
is very comprehensive and covers the
subject as no previous work has done.
The October number of "Science"
contains a report of a spcech made by
Dr. Jordan while in Australia in
which he gives his impressions of the
University system of the Antipodes.
He summarizes its merits and then
points out where improvements could
he made.
