# Task force to look into minority concerns
## 
### Robert Reed 
An ASSU task force has been
created to deal with the prob
lems and concerns of minority
graduate students, according
to ASSU Co-president Regina
Petty.
The function of the Task
Force on Minority Graduate
Student Affairs is to examine
issues related to minority
graduate student life and then
make reports and recommen
dations to appropriate officers
and committees of the Univer
sity, and to the ASSU Senate
and COP members. The re
commendations will suggest
policies that will improve
minority graduate student life
here.
The task force has divided it
self into two committees, said
Petty, with "one looking at re
cruitment and admissions
(while) the other is concerned
with environmental questions,
in terms of what minority
graduate students encounter
once enrolled."
The idea for the task force,

according to Petty, began "last
year, when Glenn Jordan was
on COP. He felt there was a
need "for a task force to deal
with the increasing problems
of minority graduate students
— in admissions, finances, and
general academic life."
The problems of minority
graduate students have been
examined before.
In 1974, members of the Uni
versity's Steering Committee
presented a report of minority
student concerns in the
graduate and professional
schools to the University ad
ministration. The Minority Re
port, as it was called, outlined a
series of recommendations
and strategies aimed at the im
provement of recruitment,
admissions, and financial sup
port for minority graduate stu
dents.
"We're going to follow up on
the recommendations of that
report to see if they were im
plemented," said Petty. "It
doesn't seem that much was
done since The Minority Report

in '74," she claimed.
According to Pedro Cas
taneda, chairman of the new
task force, the group is cur
rently collecting data which
should reflect trends in minor
ity graduate student satisfac
tion.
"We're looking at data from
1974 to the present," said Cas
taneda.
"Hopefully, this report can
initiate some dialogue" bet
ween the administration and
minority graduate students,
said Castaneda.
"Bliss Carnochan, dean of
graduate studies, is aware of
the task force, and is suppor
tive of it," said Petty. Both Petty
and Castaneda are hopeful
that Carnochan would give
careful consideration to their
proposals.
The task force, composed of
Petty, several minority
graduate students, and two fa
culty members, History Prof.
Alberto Camarillo and Geology
Prof. Tjeerd van Andel, hopes
to submit its report in May.

Petty warned that the force's
task would not be easy.
"It's difficult forany commit
tee trying to deal with grad stu
dents in a broad way to be ef
fective because grad students
are so decentralized," said
Petty.
"The committee doesn't
have any power, so to speak,"
said Petty, but she added that
the committee should create a
strong influence here.
"The two faculty members
will be instrumental," said
Petty, "Any influence that the
task force has will be closely
related to the role the two fa
culty members play in getting
the problems out in the open."
Also instrumental, according
to Castaneda, will be student
involvement.
"We're depending on stu
dents (to get involved)," said
Castaneda, "We're going to
make fresh recommendations
that are feasible and then de
pend on the students to push
them through."
An ASSU task force has been
created to deal with the prob
lems and concerns of minority
graduate students, according
to ASSU Co-president Regina
Petty.
The function of the Task
Force on Minority Graduate
Student Affairs is to examine
issues related to minority
graduate student life and then
make reports and recommen
dations to appropriate officers
and committees of the Univer
sity, and to the ASSU Senate
and COP members. The re
commendations will suggest
policies that will improve
minority graduate student life
here.
The task force has divided it
self into two committees, said
Petty, with "one looking at re
cruitment and admissions
(while) the other is concerned
with environmental questions,
in terms of what minority
graduate students encounter
once enrolled."
The idea for the task force,

according to Petty, began "last
year, when Glenn Jordan was
on COP. He felt there was a
need "for a task force to deal
with the increasing problems
of minority graduate students
— in admissions, finances, and
general academic life."
The problems of minority
graduate students have been
examined before.
In 1974, members of the Uni
versity's Steering Committee
presented a report of minority
student concerns in the
graduate and professional
schools to the University ad
ministration. The Minority Re
port, as it was called, outlined a
series of recommendations
and strategies aimed at the im
provement of recruitment,
admissions, and financial sup
port for minority graduate stu
dents.
"We're going to follow up on
the recommendations of that
report to see if they were im
plemented," said Petty. "It
doesn't seem that much was
done since The Minority Report

in '74," she claimed.
According to Pedro Cas
taneda, chairman of the new
task force, the group is cur
rently collecting data which
should reflect trends in minor
ity graduate student satisfac
tion.
"We're looking at data from
1974 to the present," said Cas
taneda.
"Hopefully, this report can
initiate some dialogue" bet
ween the administration and
minority graduate students,
said Castaneda.
"Bliss Carnochan, dean of
graduate studies, is aware of
the task force, and is suppor
tive of it," said Petty. Both Petty
and Castaneda are hopeful
that Carnochan would give
careful consideration to their
proposals.
The task force, composed of
Petty, several minority
graduate students, and two fa
culty members, History Prof.
Alberto Camarillo and Geology
Prof. Tjeerd van Andel, hopes
to submit its report in May.

Petty warned that the force's
task would not be easy.
"It's difficult forany commit
tee trying to deal with grad stu
dents in a broad way to be ef
fective because grad students
are so decentralized," said
Petty.
"The committee doesn't
have any power, so to speak,"
said Petty, but she added that
the committee should create a
strong influence here.
"The two faculty members
will be instrumental," said
Petty, "Any influence that the
task force has will be closely
related to the role the two fa
culty members play in getting
the problems out in the open."
Also instrumental, according
to Castaneda, will be student
involvement.
"We're depending on stu
dents (to get involved)," said
Castaneda, "We're going to
make fresh recommendations
that are feasible and then de
pend on the students to push
them through."
An ASSU task force has been
created to deal with the prob
lems and concerns of minority
graduate students, according
to ASSU Co-president Regina
Petty.
The function of the Task
Force on Minority Graduate
Student Affairs is to examine
issues related to minority
graduate student life and then
make reports and recommen
dations to appropriate officers
and committees of the Univer
sity, and to the ASSU Senate
and COP members. The re
commendations will suggest
policies that will improve
minority graduate student life
here.
The task force has divided it
self into two committees, said
Petty, with "one looking at re
cruitment and admissions
(while) the other is concerned
with environmental questions,
in terms of what minority
graduate students encounter
once enrolled."
The idea for the task force,

according to Petty, began "last
year, when Glenn Jordan was
on COP. He felt there was a
need "for a task force to deal
with the increasing problems
of minority graduate students
— in admissions, finances, and
general academic life."
The problems of minority
graduate students have been
examined before.
In 1974, members of the Uni
versity's Steering Committee
presented a report of minority
student concerns in the
graduate and professional
schools to the University ad
ministration. The Minority Re
port, as it was called, outlined a
series of recommendations
and strategies aimed at the im
provement of recruitment,
admissions, and financial sup
port for minority graduate stu
dents.
"We're going to follow up on
the recommendations of that
report to see if they were im
plemented," said Petty. "It
doesn't seem that much was
done since The Minority Report

in '74," she claimed.
According to Pedro Cas
taneda, chairman of the new
task force, the group is cur
rently collecting data which
should reflect trends in minor
ity graduate student satisfac
tion.
"We're looking at data from
1974 to the present," said Cas
taneda.
"Hopefully, this report can
initiate some dialogue" bet
ween the administration and
minority graduate students,
said Castaneda.
"Bliss Carnochan, dean of
graduate studies, is aware of
the task force, and is suppor
tive of it," said Petty. Both Petty
and Castaneda are hopeful
that Carnochan would give
careful consideration to their
proposals.
The task force, composed of
Petty, several minority
graduate students, and two fa
culty members, History Prof.
Alberto Camarillo and Geology
Prof. Tjeerd van Andel, hopes
to submit its report in May.

Petty warned that the force's
task would not be easy.
"It's difficult forany commit
tee trying to deal with grad stu
dents in a broad way to be ef
fective because grad students
are so decentralized," said
Petty.
"The committee doesn't
have any power, so to speak,"
said Petty, but she added that
the committee should create a
strong influence here.
"The two faculty members
will be instrumental," said
Petty, "Any influence that the
task force has will be closely
related to the role the two fa
culty members play in getting
the problems out in the open."
Also instrumental, according
to Castaneda, will be student
involvement.
"We're depending on stu
dents (to get involved)," said
Castaneda, "We're going to
make fresh recommendations
that are feasible and then de
pend on the students to push
them through."
An ASSU task force has been
created to deal with the prob
lems and concerns of minority
graduate students, according
to ASSU Co-president Regina
Petty.
The function of the Task
Force on Minority Graduate
Student Affairs is to examine
issues related to minority
graduate student life and then
make reports and recommen
dations to appropriate officers
and committees of the Univer
sity, and to the ASSU Senate
and COP members. The re
commendations will suggest
policies that will improve
minority graduate student life
here.
The task force has divided it
self into two committees, said
Petty, with "one looking at re
cruitment and admissions
(while) the other is concerned
with environmental questions,
in terms of what minority
graduate students encounter
once enrolled."
The idea for the task force,

according to Petty, began "last
year, when Glenn Jordan was
on COP. He felt there was a
need "for a task force to deal
with the increasing problems
of minority graduate students
— in admissions, finances, and
general academic life."
The problems of minority
graduate students have been
examined before.
In 1974, members of the Uni
versity's Steering Committee
presented a report of minority
student concerns in the
graduate and professional
schools to the University ad
ministration. The Minority Re
port, as it was called, outlined a
series of recommendations
and strategies aimed at the im
provement of recruitment,
admissions, and financial sup
port for minority graduate stu
dents.
"We're going to follow up on
the recommendations of that
report to see if they were im
plemented," said Petty. "It
doesn't seem that much was
done since The Minority Report

in '74," she claimed.
According to Pedro Cas
taneda, chairman of the new
task force, the group is cur
rently collecting data which
should reflect trends in minor
ity graduate student satisfac
tion.
"We're looking at data from
1974 to the present," said Cas
taneda.
"Hopefully, this report can
initiate some dialogue" bet
ween the administration and
minority graduate students,
said Castaneda.
"Bliss Carnochan, dean of
graduate studies, is aware of
the task force, and is suppor
tive of it," said Petty. Both Petty
and Castaneda are hopeful
that Carnochan would give
careful consideration to their
proposals.
The task force, composed of
Petty, several minority
graduate students, and two fa
culty members, History Prof.
Alberto Camarillo and Geology
Prof. Tjeerd van Andel, hopes
to submit its report in May.

Petty warned that the force's
task would not be easy.
"It's difficult forany commit
tee trying to deal with grad stu
dents in a broad way to be ef
fective because grad students
are so decentralized," said
Petty.
"The committee doesn't
have any power, so to speak,"
said Petty, but she added that
the committee should create a
strong influence here.
"The two faculty members
will be instrumental," said
Petty, "Any influence that the
task force has will be closely
related to the role the two fa
culty members play in getting
the problems out in the open."
Also instrumental, according
to Castaneda, will be student
involvement.
"We're depending on stu
dents (to get involved)," said
Castaneda, "We're going to
make fresh recommendations
that are feasible and then de
pend on the students to push
them through."
An ASSU task force has been
created to deal with the prob
lems and concerns of minority
graduate students, according
to ASSU Co-president Regina
Petty.
The function of the Task
Force on Minority Graduate
Student Affairs is to examine
issues related to minority
graduate student life and then
make reports and recommen
dations to appropriate officers
and committees of the Univer
sity, and to the ASSU Senate
and COP members. The re
commendations will suggest
policies that will improve
minority graduate student life
here.
The task force has divided it
self into two committees, said
Petty, with "one looking at re
cruitment and admissions
(while) the other is concerned
with environmental questions,
in terms of what minority
graduate students encounter
once enrolled."
The idea for the task force,

according to Petty, began "last
year, when Glenn Jordan was
on COP. He felt there was a
need "for a task force to deal
with the increasing problems
of minority graduate students
— in admissions, finances, and
general academic life."
The problems of minority
graduate students have been
examined before.
In 1974, members of the Uni
versity's Steering Committee
presented a report of minority
student concerns in the
graduate and professional
schools to the University ad
ministration. The Minority Re
port, as it was called, outlined a
series of recommendations
and strategies aimed at the im
provement of recruitment,
admissions, and financial sup
port for minority graduate stu
dents.
"We're going to follow up on
the recommendations of that
report to see if they were im
plemented," said Petty. "It
doesn't seem that much was
done since The Minority Report

in '74," she claimed.
According to Pedro Cas
taneda, chairman of the new
task force, the group is cur
rently collecting data which
should reflect trends in minor
ity graduate student satisfac
tion.
"We're looking at data from
1974 to the present," said Cas
taneda.
"Hopefully, this report can
initiate some dialogue" bet
ween the administration and
minority graduate students,
said Castaneda.
"Bliss Carnochan, dean of
graduate studies, is aware of
the task force, and is suppor
tive of it," said Petty. Both Petty
and Castaneda are hopeful
that Carnochan would give
careful consideration to their
proposals.
The task force, composed of
Petty, several minority
graduate students, and two fa
culty members, History Prof.
Alberto Camarillo and Geology
Prof. Tjeerd van Andel, hopes
to submit its report in May.

Petty warned that the force's
task would not be easy.
"It's difficult forany commit
tee trying to deal with grad stu
dents in a broad way to be ef
fective because grad students
are so decentralized," said
Petty.
"The committee doesn't
have any power, so to speak,"
said Petty, but she added that
the committee should create a
strong influence here.
"The two faculty members
will be instrumental," said
Petty, "Any influence that the
task force has will be closely
related to the role the two fa
culty members play in getting
the problems out in the open."
Also instrumental, according
to Castaneda, will be student
involvement.
"We're depending on stu
dents (to get involved)," said
Castaneda, "We're going to
make fresh recommendations
that are feasible and then de
pend on the students to push
them through."
An ASSU task force has been
created to deal with the prob
lems and concerns of minority
graduate students, according
to ASSU Co-president Regina
Petty.
The function of the Task
Force on Minority Graduate
Student Affairs is to examine
issues related to minority
graduate student life and then
make reports and recommen
dations to appropriate officers
and committees of the Univer
sity, and to the ASSU Senate
and COP members. The re
commendations will suggest
policies that will improve
minority graduate student life
here.
The task force has divided it
self into two committees, said
Petty, with "one looking at re
cruitment and admissions
(while) the other is concerned
with environmental questions,
in terms of what minority
graduate students encounter
once enrolled."
The idea for the task force,

according to Petty, began "last
year, when Glenn Jordan was
on COP. He felt there was a
need "for a task force to deal
with the increasing problems
of minority graduate students
— in admissions, finances, and
general academic life."
The problems of minority
graduate students have been
examined before.
In 1974, members of the Uni
versity's Steering Committee
presented a report of minority
student concerns in the
graduate and professional
schools to the University ad
ministration. The Minority Re
port, as it was called, outlined a
series of recommendations
and strategies aimed at the im
provement of recruitment,
admissions, and financial sup
port for minority graduate stu
dents.
"We're going to follow up on
the recommendations of that
report to see if they were im
plemented," said Petty. "It
doesn't seem that much was
done since The Minority Report

in '74," she claimed.
According to Pedro Cas
taneda, chairman of the new
task force, the group is cur
rently collecting data which
should reflect trends in minor
ity graduate student satisfac
tion.
"We're looking at data from
1974 to the present," said Cas
taneda.
"Hopefully, this report can
initiate some dialogue" bet
ween the administration and
minority graduate students,
said Castaneda.
"Bliss Carnochan, dean of
graduate studies, is aware of
the task force, and is suppor
tive of it," said Petty. Both Petty
and Castaneda are hopeful
that Carnochan would give
careful consideration to their
proposals.
The task force, composed of
Petty, several minority
graduate students, and two fa
culty members, History Prof.
Alberto Camarillo and Geology
Prof. Tjeerd van Andel, hopes
to submit its report in May.

Petty warned that the force's
task would not be easy.
"It's difficult forany commit
tee trying to deal with grad stu
dents in a broad way to be ef
fective because grad students
are so decentralized," said
Petty.
"The committee doesn't
have any power, so to speak,"
said Petty, but she added that
the committee should create a
strong influence here.
"The two faculty members
will be instrumental," said
Petty, "Any influence that the
task force has will be closely
related to the role the two fa
culty members play in getting
the problems out in the open."
Also instrumental, according
to Castaneda, will be student
involvement.
"We're depending on stu
dents (to get involved)," said
Castaneda, "We're going to
make fresh recommendations
that are feasible and then de
pend on the students to push
them through."
An ASSU task force has been
created to deal with the prob
lems and concerns of minority
graduate students, according
to ASSU Co-president Regina
Petty.
The function of the Task
Force on Minority Graduate
Student Affairs is to examine
issues related to minority
graduate student life and then
make reports and recommen
dations to appropriate officers
and committees of the Univer
sity, and to the ASSU Senate
and COP members. The re
commendations will suggest
policies that will improve
minority graduate student life
here.
The task force has divided it
self into two committees, said
Petty, with "one looking at re
cruitment and admissions
(while) the other is concerned
with environmental questions,
in terms of what minority
graduate students encounter
once enrolled."
The idea for the task force,

according to Petty, began "last
year, when Glenn Jordan was
on COP. He felt there was a
need "for a task force to deal
with the increasing problems
of minority graduate students
— in admissions, finances, and
general academic life."
The problems of minority
graduate students have been
examined before.
In 1974, members of the Uni
versity's Steering Committee
presented a report of minority
student concerns in the
graduate and professional
schools to the University ad
ministration. The Minority Re
port, as it was called, outlined a
series of recommendations
and strategies aimed at the im
provement of recruitment,
admissions, and financial sup
port for minority graduate stu
dents.
"We're going to follow up on
the recommendations of that
report to see if they were im
plemented," said Petty. "It
doesn't seem that much was
done since The Minority Report

in '74," she claimed.
According to Pedro Cas
taneda, chairman of the new
task force, the group is cur
rently collecting data which
should reflect trends in minor
ity graduate student satisfac
tion.
"We're looking at data from
1974 to the present," said Cas
taneda.
"Hopefully, this report can
initiate some dialogue" bet
ween the administration and
minority graduate students,
said Castaneda.
"Bliss Carnochan, dean of
graduate studies, is aware of
the task force, and is suppor
tive of it," said Petty. Both Petty
and Castaneda are hopeful
that Carnochan would give
careful consideration to their
proposals.
The task force, composed of
Petty, several minority
graduate students, and two fa
culty members, History Prof.
Alberto Camarillo and Geology
Prof. Tjeerd van Andel, hopes
to submit its report in May.

Petty warned that the force's
task would not be easy.
"It's difficult forany commit
tee trying to deal with grad stu
dents in a broad way to be ef
fective because grad students
are so decentralized," said
Petty.
"The committee doesn't
have any power, so to speak,"
said Petty, but she added that
the committee should create a
strong influence here.
"The two faculty members
will be instrumental," said
Petty, "Any influence that the
task force has will be closely
related to the role the two fa
culty members play in getting
the problems out in the open."
Also instrumental, according
to Castaneda, will be student
involvement.
"We're depending on stu
dents (to get involved)," said
Castaneda, "We're going to
make fresh recommendations
that are feasible and then de
pend on the students to push
them through."
An ASSU task force has been
created to deal with the prob
lems and concerns of minority
graduate students, according
to ASSU Co-president Regina
Petty.
The function of the Task
Force on Minority Graduate
Student Affairs is to examine
issues related to minority
graduate student life and then
make reports and recommen
dations to appropriate officers
and committees of the Univer
sity, and to the ASSU Senate
and COP members. The re
commendations will suggest
policies that will improve
minority graduate student life
here.
The task force has divided it
self into two committees, said
Petty, with "one looking at re
cruitment and admissions
(while) the other is concerned
with environmental questions,
in terms of what minority
graduate students encounter
once enrolled."
The idea for the task force,

according to Petty, began "last
year, when Glenn Jordan was
on COP. He felt there was a
need "for a task force to deal
with the increasing problems
of minority graduate students
— in admissions, finances, and
general academic life."
The problems of minority
graduate students have been
examined before.
In 1974, members of the Uni
versity's Steering Committee
presented a report of minority
student concerns in the
graduate and professional
schools to the University ad
ministration. The Minority Re
port, as it was called, outlined a
series of recommendations
and strategies aimed at the im
provement of recruitment,
admissions, and financial sup
port for minority graduate stu
dents.
"We're going to follow up on
the recommendations of that
report to see if they were im
plemented," said Petty. "It
doesn't seem that much was
done since The Minority Report

in '74," she claimed.
According to Pedro Cas
taneda, chairman of the new
task force, the group is cur
rently collecting data which
should reflect trends in minor
ity graduate student satisfac
tion.
"We're looking at data from
1974 to the present," said Cas
taneda.
"Hopefully, this report can
initiate some dialogue" bet
ween the administration and
minority graduate students,
said Castaneda.
"Bliss Carnochan, dean of
graduate studies, is aware of
the task force, and is suppor
tive of it," said Petty. Both Petty
and Castaneda are hopeful
that Carnochan would give
careful consideration to their
proposals.
The task force, composed of
Petty, several minority
graduate students, and two fa
culty members, History Prof.
Alberto Camarillo and Geology
Prof. Tjeerd van Andel, hopes
to submit its report in May.

Petty warned that the force's
task would not be easy.
"It's difficult forany commit
tee trying to deal with grad stu
dents in a broad way to be ef
fective because grad students
are so decentralized," said
Petty.
"The committee doesn't
have any power, so to speak,"
said Petty, but she added that
the committee should create a
strong influence here.
"The two faculty members
will be instrumental," said
Petty, "Any influence that the
task force has will be closely
related to the role the two fa
culty members play in getting
the problems out in the open."
Also instrumental, according
to Castaneda, will be student
involvement.
"We're depending on stu
dents (to get involved)," said
Castaneda, "We're going to
make fresh recommendations
that are feasible and then de
pend on the students to push
them through."
An ASSU task force has been
created to deal with the prob
lems and concerns of minority
graduate students, according
to ASSU Co-president Regina
Petty.
The function of the Task
Force on Minority Graduate
Student Affairs is to examine
issues related to minority
graduate student life and then
make reports and recommen
dations to appropriate officers
and committees of the Univer
sity, and to the ASSU Senate
and COP members. The re
commendations will suggest
policies that will improve
minority graduate student life
here.
The task force has divided it
self into two committees, said
Petty, with "one looking at re
cruitment and admissions
(while) the other is concerned
with environmental questions,
in terms of what minority
graduate students encounter
once enrolled."
The idea for the task force,

according to Petty, began "last
year, when Glenn Jordan was
on COP. He felt there was a
need "for a task force to deal
with the increasing problems
of minority graduate students
— in admissions, finances, and
general academic life."
The problems of minority
graduate students have been
examined before.
In 1974, members of the Uni
versity's Steering Committee
presented a report of minority
student concerns in the
graduate and professional
schools to the University ad
ministration. The Minority Re
port, as it was called, outlined a
series of recommendations
and strategies aimed at the im
provement of recruitment,
admissions, and financial sup
port for minority graduate stu
dents.
"We're going to follow up on
the recommendations of that
report to see if they were im
plemented," said Petty. "It
doesn't seem that much was
done since The Minority Report

in '74," she claimed.
According to Pedro Cas
taneda, chairman of the new
task force, the group is cur
rently collecting data which
should reflect trends in minor
ity graduate student satisfac
tion.
"We're looking at data from
1974 to the present," said Cas
taneda.
"Hopefully, this report can
initiate some dialogue" bet
ween the administration and
minority graduate students,
said Castaneda.
"Bliss Carnochan, dean of
graduate studies, is aware of
the task force, and is suppor
tive of it," said Petty. Both Petty
and Castaneda are hopeful
that Carnochan would give
careful consideration to their
proposals.
The task force, composed of
Petty, several minority
graduate students, and two fa
culty members, History Prof.
Alberto Camarillo and Geology
Prof. Tjeerd van Andel, hopes
to submit its report in May.

Petty warned that the force's
task would not be easy.
"It's difficult forany commit
tee trying to deal with grad stu
dents in a broad way to be ef
fective because grad students
are so decentralized," said
Petty.
"The committee doesn't
have any power, so to speak,"
said Petty, but she added that
the committee should create a
strong influence here.
"The two faculty members
will be instrumental," said
Petty, "Any influence that the
task force has will be closely
related to the role the two fa
culty members play in getting
the problems out in the open."
Also instrumental, according
to Castaneda, will be student
involvement.
"We're depending on stu
dents (to get involved)," said
Castaneda, "We're going to
make fresh recommendations
that are feasible and then de
pend on the students to push
them through."
