# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
Did You Know?
This quarter's now men
students will
find
Roos Stanford Shop
in Encina
Open, willing, and ready to 1
servo your every
clothing noed
ALUSTIZA & lIAWKINo
•
Horn Bros
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 10 8
Did You Know?
This quarter's now men
students will
find
Roos Stanford Shop
in Encina
Open, willing, and ready to 1
servo your every
clothing noed
ALUSTIZA & lIAWKINo
•
Horn Bros
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 10 8
Did You Know?
This quarter's now men
students will
find
Roos Stanford Shop
in Encina
Open, willing, and ready to 1
servo your every
clothing noed
ALUSTIZA & lIAWKINo
•
Horn Bros
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 10 8
Did You Know?
This quarter's now men
students will
find
Roos Stanford Shop
in Encina
Open, willing, and ready to 1
servo your every
clothing noed
ALUSTIZA & lIAWKINo
•
Horn Bros
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 10 8
Did You Know?
This quarter's now men
students will
find
Roos Stanford Shop
in Encina
Open, willing, and ready to 1
servo your every
clothing noed
ALUSTIZA & lIAWKINo
•
Horn Bros
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 10 8
Did You Know?
This quarter's now men
students will
find
Roos Stanford Shop
in Encina
Open, willing, and ready to 1
servo your every
clothing noed
ALUSTIZA & lIAWKINo
•
Horn Bros
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 10 8
Did You Know?
This quarter's now men
students will
find
Roos Stanford Shop
in Encina
Open, willing, and ready to 1
servo your every
clothing noed
ALUSTIZA & lIAWKINo
•
Horn Bros
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 10 8
Did You Know?
This quarter's now men
students will
find
Roos Stanford Shop
in Encina
Open, willing, and ready to 1
servo your every
clothing noed
ALUSTIZA & lIAWKINo
•
Horn Bros
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 10 8
Did You Know?
This quarter's now men
students will
find
Roos Stanford Shop
in Encina
Open, willing, and ready to 1
servo your every
clothing noed
ALUSTIZA & lIAWKINo
•
Horn Bros
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 10 8
Did You Know?
This quarter's now men
students will
find
Roos Stanford Shop
in Encina
Open, willing, and ready to 1
servo your every
clothing noed
ALUSTIZA & lIAWKINo
•
Horn Bros
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 10 8
Did You Know?
This quarter's now men
students will
find
Roos Stanford Shop
in Encina
Open, willing, and ready to 1
servo your every
clothing noed
ALUSTIZA & lIAWKINo
•
Horn Bros
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 10 8
Did You Know?
This quarter's now men
students will
find
Roos Stanford Shop
in Encina
Open, willing, and ready to 1
servo your every
clothing noed
ALUSTIZA & lIAWKINo
•
Horn Bros
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 10 8
Did You Know?
This quarter's now men
students will
find
Roos Stanford Shop
in Encina
Open, willing, and ready to 1
servo your every
clothing noed
ALUSTIZA & lIAWKINo
•
Horn Bros
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 10 8
Did You Know?
This quarter's now men
students will
find
Roos Stanford Shop
in Encina
Open, willing, and ready to 1
servo your every
clothing noed
ALUSTIZA & lIAWKINo
•
Horn Bros
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 10 8
Did You Know?
This quarter's now men
students will
find
Roos Stanford Shop
in Encina
Open, willing, and ready to 1
servo your every
clothing noed
ALUSTIZA & lIAWKINo
•
Horn Bros
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 10 8
Did You Know?
This quarter's now men
students will
find
Roos Stanford Shop
in Encina
Open, willing, and ready to 1
servo your every
clothing noed
ALUSTIZA & lIAWKINo
•
Horn Bros
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 10 8
