# THE 						REVIEWER
## 
### 
Despite dog days theatrical pro
ductions on the peninsula, in San
Francisco, at Stanford equalled in
output and quality, in many ways
surpassed former summer seasons'.
Most memorable perhaps were
Stanford's contributions, sponsored
by the English Club carried out as
the quarter's project in Dr. Margery
Bailey's course of Stage Classics
Production. Caesar and Cleopatra
and Antony and Cleopatra were the
difficult plays staged, staged success
fully. James Sandoe, now on the fac
ulty of Colorado State College, and
Robert Brauns directed. Among the
actors were Amelia Baines, George
Wood, Gilman Gist, and two new
comers, Helen Snyder and Louis
Scales.
Palo Alto Community Theater
woi'kers stayed with comedy, pro
duced four, of which There's Always
Juliet by the Englishman John van
Despite dog days theatrical pro
ductions on the peninsula, in San
Francisco, at Stanford equalled in
output and quality, in many ways
surpassed former summer seasons'.
Most memorable perhaps were
Stanford's contributions, sponsored
by the English Club carried out as
the quarter's project in Dr. Margery
Bailey's course of Stage Classics
Production. Caesar and Cleopatra
and Antony and Cleopatra were the
difficult plays staged, staged success
fully. James Sandoe, now on the fac
ulty of Colorado State College, and
Robert Brauns directed. Among the
actors were Amelia Baines, George
Wood, Gilman Gist, and two new
comers, Helen Snyder and Louis
Scales.
Palo Alto Community Theater
woi'kers stayed with comedy, pro
duced four, of which There's Always
Juliet by the Englishman John van
Despite dog days theatrical pro
ductions on the peninsula, in San
Francisco, at Stanford equalled in
output and quality, in many ways
surpassed former summer seasons'.
Most memorable perhaps were
Stanford's contributions, sponsored
by the English Club carried out as
the quarter's project in Dr. Margery
Bailey's course of Stage Classics
Production. Caesar and Cleopatra
and Antony and Cleopatra were the
difficult plays staged, staged success
fully. James Sandoe, now on the fac
ulty of Colorado State College, and
Robert Brauns directed. Among the
actors were Amelia Baines, George
Wood, Gilman Gist, and two new
comers, Helen Snyder and Louis
Scales.
Palo Alto Community Theater
woi'kers stayed with comedy, pro
duced four, of which There's Always
Juliet by the Englishman John van
Despite dog days theatrical pro
ductions on the peninsula, in San
Francisco, at Stanford equalled in
output and quality, in many ways
surpassed former summer seasons'.
Most memorable perhaps were
Stanford's contributions, sponsored
by the English Club carried out as
the quarter's project in Dr. Margery
Bailey's course of Stage Classics
Production. Caesar and Cleopatra
and Antony and Cleopatra were the
difficult plays staged, staged success
fully. James Sandoe, now on the fac
ulty of Colorado State College, and
Robert Brauns directed. Among the
actors were Amelia Baines, George
Wood, Gilman Gist, and two new
comers, Helen Snyder and Louis
Scales.
Palo Alto Community Theater
woi'kers stayed with comedy, pro
duced four, of which There's Always
Juliet by the Englishman John van
Despite dog days theatrical pro
ductions on the peninsula, in San
Francisco, at Stanford equalled in
output and quality, in many ways
surpassed former summer seasons'.
Most memorable perhaps were
Stanford's contributions, sponsored
by the English Club carried out as
the quarter's project in Dr. Margery
Bailey's course of Stage Classics
Production. Caesar and Cleopatra
and Antony and Cleopatra were the
difficult plays staged, staged success
fully. James Sandoe, now on the fac
ulty of Colorado State College, and
Robert Brauns directed. Among the
actors were Amelia Baines, George
Wood, Gilman Gist, and two new
comers, Helen Snyder and Louis
Scales.
Palo Alto Community Theater
woi'kers stayed with comedy, pro
duced four, of which There's Always
Juliet by the Englishman John van
Despite dog days theatrical pro
ductions on the peninsula, in San
Francisco, at Stanford equalled in
output and quality, in many ways
surpassed former summer seasons'.
Most memorable perhaps were
Stanford's contributions, sponsored
by the English Club carried out as
the quarter's project in Dr. Margery
Bailey's course of Stage Classics
Production. Caesar and Cleopatra
and Antony and Cleopatra were the
difficult plays staged, staged success
fully. James Sandoe, now on the fac
ulty of Colorado State College, and
Robert Brauns directed. Among the
actors were Amelia Baines, George
Wood, Gilman Gist, and two new
comers, Helen Snyder and Louis
Scales.
Palo Alto Community Theater
woi'kers stayed with comedy, pro
duced four, of which There's Always
Juliet by the Englishman John van
Despite dog days theatrical pro
ductions on the peninsula, in San
Francisco, at Stanford equalled in
output and quality, in many ways
surpassed former summer seasons'.
Most memorable perhaps were
Stanford's contributions, sponsored
by the English Club carried out as
the quarter's project in Dr. Margery
Bailey's course of Stage Classics
Production. Caesar and Cleopatra
and Antony and Cleopatra were the
difficult plays staged, staged success
fully. James Sandoe, now on the fac
ulty of Colorado State College, and
Robert Brauns directed. Among the
actors were Amelia Baines, George
Wood, Gilman Gist, and two new
comers, Helen Snyder and Louis
Scales.
Palo Alto Community Theater
woi'kers stayed with comedy, pro
duced four, of which There's Always
Juliet by the Englishman John van
Despite dog days theatrical pro
ductions on the peninsula, in San
Francisco, at Stanford equalled in
output and quality, in many ways
surpassed former summer seasons'.
Most memorable perhaps were
Stanford's contributions, sponsored
by the English Club carried out as
the quarter's project in Dr. Margery
Bailey's course of Stage Classics
Production. Caesar and Cleopatra
and Antony and Cleopatra were the
difficult plays staged, staged success
fully. James Sandoe, now on the fac
ulty of Colorado State College, and
Robert Brauns directed. Among the
actors were Amelia Baines, George
Wood, Gilman Gist, and two new
comers, Helen Snyder and Louis
Scales.
Palo Alto Community Theater
woi'kers stayed with comedy, pro
duced four, of which There's Always
Juliet by the Englishman John van
Despite dog days theatrical pro
ductions on the peninsula, in San
Francisco, at Stanford equalled in
output and quality, in many ways
surpassed former summer seasons'.
Most memorable perhaps were
Stanford's contributions, sponsored
by the English Club carried out as
the quarter's project in Dr. Margery
Bailey's course of Stage Classics
Production. Caesar and Cleopatra
and Antony and Cleopatra were the
difficult plays staged, staged success
fully. James Sandoe, now on the fac
ulty of Colorado State College, and
Robert Brauns directed. Among the
actors were Amelia Baines, George
Wood, Gilman Gist, and two new
comers, Helen Snyder and Louis
Scales.
Palo Alto Community Theater
woi'kers stayed with comedy, pro
duced four, of which There's Always
Juliet by the Englishman John van
Despite dog days theatrical pro
ductions on the peninsula, in San
Francisco, at Stanford equalled in
output and quality, in many ways
surpassed former summer seasons'.
Most memorable perhaps were
Stanford's contributions, sponsored
by the English Club carried out as
the quarter's project in Dr. Margery
Bailey's course of Stage Classics
Production. Caesar and Cleopatra
and Antony and Cleopatra were the
difficult plays staged, staged success
fully. James Sandoe, now on the fac
ulty of Colorado State College, and
Robert Brauns directed. Among the
actors were Amelia Baines, George
Wood, Gilman Gist, and two new
comers, Helen Snyder and Louis
Scales.
Palo Alto Community Theater
woi'kers stayed with comedy, pro
duced four, of which There's Always
Juliet by the Englishman John van
Despite dog days theatrical pro
ductions on the peninsula, in San
Francisco, at Stanford equalled in
output and quality, in many ways
surpassed former summer seasons'.
Most memorable perhaps were
Stanford's contributions, sponsored
by the English Club carried out as
the quarter's project in Dr. Margery
Bailey's course of Stage Classics
Production. Caesar and Cleopatra
and Antony and Cleopatra were the
difficult plays staged, staged success
fully. James Sandoe, now on the fac
ulty of Colorado State College, and
Robert Brauns directed. Among the
actors were Amelia Baines, George
Wood, Gilman Gist, and two new
comers, Helen Snyder and Louis
Scales.
Palo Alto Community Theater
woi'kers stayed with comedy, pro
duced four, of which There's Always
Juliet by the Englishman John van
Despite dog days theatrical pro
ductions on the peninsula, in San
Francisco, at Stanford equalled in
output and quality, in many ways
surpassed former summer seasons'.
Most memorable perhaps were
Stanford's contributions, sponsored
by the English Club carried out as
the quarter's project in Dr. Margery
Bailey's course of Stage Classics
Production. Caesar and Cleopatra
and Antony and Cleopatra were the
difficult plays staged, staged success
fully. James Sandoe, now on the fac
ulty of Colorado State College, and
Robert Brauns directed. Among the
actors were Amelia Baines, George
Wood, Gilman Gist, and two new
comers, Helen Snyder and Louis
Scales.
Palo Alto Community Theater
woi'kers stayed with comedy, pro
duced four, of which There's Always
Juliet by the Englishman John van
Despite dog days theatrical pro
ductions on the peninsula, in San
Francisco, at Stanford equalled in
output and quality, in many ways
surpassed former summer seasons'.
Most memorable perhaps were
Stanford's contributions, sponsored
by the English Club carried out as
the quarter's project in Dr. Margery
Bailey's course of Stage Classics
Production. Caesar and Cleopatra
and Antony and Cleopatra were the
difficult plays staged, staged success
fully. James Sandoe, now on the fac
ulty of Colorado State College, and
Robert Brauns directed. Among the
actors were Amelia Baines, George
Wood, Gilman Gist, and two new
comers, Helen Snyder and Louis
Scales.
Palo Alto Community Theater
woi'kers stayed with comedy, pro
duced four, of which There's Always
Juliet by the Englishman John van
Despite dog days theatrical pro
ductions on the peninsula, in San
Francisco, at Stanford equalled in
output and quality, in many ways
surpassed former summer seasons'.
Most memorable perhaps were
Stanford's contributions, sponsored
by the English Club carried out as
the quarter's project in Dr. Margery
Bailey's course of Stage Classics
Production. Caesar and Cleopatra
and Antony and Cleopatra were the
difficult plays staged, staged success
fully. James Sandoe, now on the fac
ulty of Colorado State College, and
Robert Brauns directed. Among the
actors were Amelia Baines, George
Wood, Gilman Gist, and two new
comers, Helen Snyder and Louis
Scales.
Palo Alto Community Theater
woi'kers stayed with comedy, pro
duced four, of which There's Always
Juliet by the Englishman John van
Despite dog days theatrical pro
ductions on the peninsula, in San
Francisco, at Stanford equalled in
output and quality, in many ways
surpassed former summer seasons'.
Most memorable perhaps were
Stanford's contributions, sponsored
by the English Club carried out as
the quarter's project in Dr. Margery
Bailey's course of Stage Classics
Production. Caesar and Cleopatra
and Antony and Cleopatra were the
difficult plays staged, staged success
fully. James Sandoe, now on the fac
ulty of Colorado State College, and
Robert Brauns directed. Among the
actors were Amelia Baines, George
Wood, Gilman Gist, and two new
comers, Helen Snyder and Louis
Scales.
Palo Alto Community Theater
woi'kers stayed with comedy, pro
duced four, of which There's Always
Juliet by the Englishman John van
Despite dog days theatrical pro
ductions on the peninsula, in San
Francisco, at Stanford equalled in
output and quality, in many ways
surpassed former summer seasons'.
Most memorable perhaps were
Stanford's contributions, sponsored
by the English Club carried out as
the quarter's project in Dr. Margery
Bailey's course of Stage Classics
Production. Caesar and Cleopatra
and Antony and Cleopatra were the
difficult plays staged, staged success
fully. James Sandoe, now on the fac
ulty of Colorado State College, and
Robert Brauns directed. Among the
actors were Amelia Baines, George
Wood, Gilman Gist, and two new
comers, Helen Snyder and Louis
Scales.
Palo Alto Community Theater
woi'kers stayed with comedy, pro
duced four, of which There's Always
Juliet by the Englishman John van
