# Concert Manager Wants Assistants
## 
### 
With tickets selling fas': for the
1936-37 Concert Series," Manager
Betty Stearns last night announced
that persons interested in working
on the Series are requested to meet
in the Concert Scries office in the
Old Union Tuesday night at 7:30
o'clock.
Student season tickets are avail
able at the Series office at $2, $3,
and 34. The general public may buy
them for $3.50, $4.50. and $5.50, re
spectively.
The five popular artists offered on
the series this year include Kathryn
Meisle, Metropolitan contralto,
Serge Rachmaninoff, pianist, the San
Francisco Symphony, Wilbur Evans,
young baritone, and Lawrence Tib
bett, famed Metropolitan star.
With tickets selling fas': for the
1936-37 Concert Series," Manager
Betty Stearns last night announced
that persons interested in working
on the Series are requested to meet
in the Concert Scries office in the
Old Union Tuesday night at 7:30
o'clock.
Student season tickets are avail
able at the Series office at $2, $3,
and 34. The general public may buy
them for $3.50, $4.50. and $5.50, re
spectively.
The five popular artists offered on
the series this year include Kathryn
Meisle, Metropolitan contralto,
Serge Rachmaninoff, pianist, the San
Francisco Symphony, Wilbur Evans,
young baritone, and Lawrence Tib
bett, famed Metropolitan star.
With tickets selling fas': for the
1936-37 Concert Series," Manager
Betty Stearns last night announced
that persons interested in working
on the Series are requested to meet
in the Concert Scries office in the
Old Union Tuesday night at 7:30
o'clock.
Student season tickets are avail
able at the Series office at $2, $3,
and 34. The general public may buy
them for $3.50, $4.50. and $5.50, re
spectively.
The five popular artists offered on
the series this year include Kathryn
Meisle, Metropolitan contralto,
Serge Rachmaninoff, pianist, the San
Francisco Symphony, Wilbur Evans,
young baritone, and Lawrence Tib
bett, famed Metropolitan star.
With tickets selling fas': for the
1936-37 Concert Series," Manager
Betty Stearns last night announced
that persons interested in working
on the Series are requested to meet
in the Concert Scries office in the
Old Union Tuesday night at 7:30
o'clock.
Student season tickets are avail
able at the Series office at $2, $3,
and 34. The general public may buy
them for $3.50, $4.50. and $5.50, re
spectively.
The five popular artists offered on
the series this year include Kathryn
Meisle, Metropolitan contralto,
Serge Rachmaninoff, pianist, the San
Francisco Symphony, Wilbur Evans,
young baritone, and Lawrence Tib
bett, famed Metropolitan star.
With tickets selling fas': for the
1936-37 Concert Series," Manager
Betty Stearns last night announced
that persons interested in working
on the Series are requested to meet
in the Concert Scries office in the
Old Union Tuesday night at 7:30
o'clock.
Student season tickets are avail
able at the Series office at $2, $3,
and 34. The general public may buy
them for $3.50, $4.50. and $5.50, re
spectively.
The five popular artists offered on
the series this year include Kathryn
Meisle, Metropolitan contralto,
Serge Rachmaninoff, pianist, the San
Francisco Symphony, Wilbur Evans,
young baritone, and Lawrence Tib
bett, famed Metropolitan star.
With tickets selling fas': for the
1936-37 Concert Series," Manager
Betty Stearns last night announced
that persons interested in working
on the Series are requested to meet
in the Concert Scries office in the
Old Union Tuesday night at 7:30
o'clock.
Student season tickets are avail
able at the Series office at $2, $3,
and 34. The general public may buy
them for $3.50, $4.50. and $5.50, re
spectively.
The five popular artists offered on
the series this year include Kathryn
Meisle, Metropolitan contralto,
Serge Rachmaninoff, pianist, the San
Francisco Symphony, Wilbur Evans,
young baritone, and Lawrence Tib
bett, famed Metropolitan star.
With tickets selling fas': for the
1936-37 Concert Series," Manager
Betty Stearns last night announced
that persons interested in working
on the Series are requested to meet
in the Concert Scries office in the
Old Union Tuesday night at 7:30
o'clock.
Student season tickets are avail
able at the Series office at $2, $3,
and 34. The general public may buy
them for $3.50, $4.50. and $5.50, re
spectively.
The five popular artists offered on
the series this year include Kathryn
Meisle, Metropolitan contralto,
Serge Rachmaninoff, pianist, the San
Francisco Symphony, Wilbur Evans,
young baritone, and Lawrence Tib
bett, famed Metropolitan star.
With tickets selling fas': for the
1936-37 Concert Series," Manager
Betty Stearns last night announced
that persons interested in working
on the Series are requested to meet
in the Concert Scries office in the
Old Union Tuesday night at 7:30
o'clock.
Student season tickets are avail
able at the Series office at $2, $3,
and 34. The general public may buy
them for $3.50, $4.50. and $5.50, re
spectively.
The five popular artists offered on
the series this year include Kathryn
Meisle, Metropolitan contralto,
Serge Rachmaninoff, pianist, the San
Francisco Symphony, Wilbur Evans,
young baritone, and Lawrence Tib
bett, famed Metropolitan star.
With tickets selling fas': for the
1936-37 Concert Series," Manager
Betty Stearns last night announced
that persons interested in working
on the Series are requested to meet
in the Concert Scries office in the
Old Union Tuesday night at 7:30
o'clock.
Student season tickets are avail
able at the Series office at $2, $3,
and 34. The general public may buy
them for $3.50, $4.50. and $5.50, re
spectively.
The five popular artists offered on
the series this year include Kathryn
Meisle, Metropolitan contralto,
Serge Rachmaninoff, pianist, the San
Francisco Symphony, Wilbur Evans,
young baritone, and Lawrence Tib
bett, famed Metropolitan star.
With tickets selling fas': for the
1936-37 Concert Series," Manager
Betty Stearns last night announced
that persons interested in working
on the Series are requested to meet
in the Concert Scries office in the
Old Union Tuesday night at 7:30
o'clock.
Student season tickets are avail
able at the Series office at $2, $3,
and 34. The general public may buy
them for $3.50, $4.50. and $5.50, re
spectively.
The five popular artists offered on
the series this year include Kathryn
Meisle, Metropolitan contralto,
Serge Rachmaninoff, pianist, the San
Francisco Symphony, Wilbur Evans,
young baritone, and Lawrence Tib
bett, famed Metropolitan star.
With tickets selling fas': for the
1936-37 Concert Series," Manager
Betty Stearns last night announced
that persons interested in working
on the Series are requested to meet
in the Concert Scries office in the
Old Union Tuesday night at 7:30
o'clock.
Student season tickets are avail
able at the Series office at $2, $3,
and 34. The general public may buy
them for $3.50, $4.50. and $5.50, re
spectively.
The five popular artists offered on
the series this year include Kathryn
Meisle, Metropolitan contralto,
Serge Rachmaninoff, pianist, the San
Francisco Symphony, Wilbur Evans,
young baritone, and Lawrence Tib
bett, famed Metropolitan star.
With tickets selling fas': for the
1936-37 Concert Series," Manager
Betty Stearns last night announced
that persons interested in working
on the Series are requested to meet
in the Concert Scries office in the
Old Union Tuesday night at 7:30
o'clock.
Student season tickets are avail
able at the Series office at $2, $3,
and 34. The general public may buy
them for $3.50, $4.50. and $5.50, re
spectively.
The five popular artists offered on
the series this year include Kathryn
Meisle, Metropolitan contralto,
Serge Rachmaninoff, pianist, the San
Francisco Symphony, Wilbur Evans,
young baritone, and Lawrence Tib
bett, famed Metropolitan star.
With tickets selling fas': for the
1936-37 Concert Series," Manager
Betty Stearns last night announced
that persons interested in working
on the Series are requested to meet
in the Concert Scries office in the
Old Union Tuesday night at 7:30
o'clock.
Student season tickets are avail
able at the Series office at $2, $3,
and 34. The general public may buy
them for $3.50, $4.50. and $5.50, re
spectively.
The five popular artists offered on
the series this year include Kathryn
Meisle, Metropolitan contralto,
Serge Rachmaninoff, pianist, the San
Francisco Symphony, Wilbur Evans,
young baritone, and Lawrence Tib
bett, famed Metropolitan star.
With tickets selling fas': for the
1936-37 Concert Series," Manager
Betty Stearns last night announced
that persons interested in working
on the Series are requested to meet
in the Concert Scries office in the
Old Union Tuesday night at 7:30
o'clock.
Student season tickets are avail
able at the Series office at $2, $3,
and 34. The general public may buy
them for $3.50, $4.50. and $5.50, re
spectively.
The five popular artists offered on
the series this year include Kathryn
Meisle, Metropolitan contralto,
Serge Rachmaninoff, pianist, the San
Francisco Symphony, Wilbur Evans,
young baritone, and Lawrence Tib
bett, famed Metropolitan star.
With tickets selling fas': for the
1936-37 Concert Series," Manager
Betty Stearns last night announced
that persons interested in working
on the Series are requested to meet
in the Concert Scries office in the
Old Union Tuesday night at 7:30
o'clock.
Student season tickets are avail
able at the Series office at $2, $3,
and 34. The general public may buy
them for $3.50, $4.50. and $5.50, re
spectively.
The five popular artists offered on
the series this year include Kathryn
Meisle, Metropolitan contralto,
Serge Rachmaninoff, pianist, the San
Francisco Symphony, Wilbur Evans,
young baritone, and Lawrence Tib
bett, famed Metropolitan star.
With tickets selling fas': for the
1936-37 Concert Series," Manager
Betty Stearns last night announced
that persons interested in working
on the Series are requested to meet
in the Concert Scries office in the
Old Union Tuesday night at 7:30
o'clock.
Student season tickets are avail
able at the Series office at $2, $3,
and 34. The general public may buy
them for $3.50, $4.50. and $5.50, re
spectively.
The five popular artists offered on
the series this year include Kathryn
Meisle, Metropolitan contralto,
Serge Rachmaninoff, pianist, the San
Francisco Symphony, Wilbur Evans,
young baritone, and Lawrence Tib
bett, famed Metropolitan star.
