# Roosevelt Blasts Red Charge Aimed At Administration
## 
### 
ARMORY, SYRACUSE, N.Y. Sept.
29—U.P.—President Roosevelt to
night faced charges of Communism
levelled at his administration with a
vigorous counter-attack on "the
support of any advocate of Com
munism or any other alien ism which
would by fair means or foul change
our American Democracy."
Citing his own record in public
office as proof of his Americanism,
in a speech to the New York State
Democratic convention the presi
dent attacked the Republican party
for a "do-nothing" attitude in the
face of economic chaos "which was
creating a fertile field for Com
munism."
He said that only the Democratic
New Deal had been "intelligent
enough" to deal with the Commu
nistic threat by forward looking
legislation preserving American
Democracy.
ARMORY, SYRACUSE, N.Y. Sept.
29—U.P.—President Roosevelt to
night faced charges of Communism
levelled at his administration with a
vigorous counter-attack on "the
support of any advocate of Com
munism or any other alien ism which
would by fair means or foul change
our American Democracy."
Citing his own record in public
office as proof of his Americanism,
in a speech to the New York State
Democratic convention the presi
dent attacked the Republican party
for a "do-nothing" attitude in the
face of economic chaos "which was
creating a fertile field for Com
munism."
He said that only the Democratic
New Deal had been "intelligent
enough" to deal with the Commu
nistic threat by forward looking
legislation preserving American
Democracy.
ARMORY, SYRACUSE, N.Y. Sept.
29—U.P.—President Roosevelt to
night faced charges of Communism
levelled at his administration with a
vigorous counter-attack on "the
support of any advocate of Com
munism or any other alien ism which
would by fair means or foul change
our American Democracy."
Citing his own record in public
office as proof of his Americanism,
in a speech to the New York State
Democratic convention the presi
dent attacked the Republican party
for a "do-nothing" attitude in the
face of economic chaos "which was
creating a fertile field for Com
munism."
He said that only the Democratic
New Deal had been "intelligent
enough" to deal with the Commu
nistic threat by forward looking
legislation preserving American
Democracy.
ARMORY, SYRACUSE, N.Y. Sept.
29—U.P.—President Roosevelt to
night faced charges of Communism
levelled at his administration with a
vigorous counter-attack on "the
support of any advocate of Com
munism or any other alien ism which
would by fair means or foul change
our American Democracy."
Citing his own record in public
office as proof of his Americanism,
in a speech to the New York State
Democratic convention the presi
dent attacked the Republican party
for a "do-nothing" attitude in the
face of economic chaos "which was
creating a fertile field for Com
munism."
He said that only the Democratic
New Deal had been "intelligent
enough" to deal with the Commu
nistic threat by forward looking
legislation preserving American
Democracy.
ARMORY, SYRACUSE, N.Y. Sept.
29—U.P.—President Roosevelt to
night faced charges of Communism
levelled at his administration with a
vigorous counter-attack on "the
support of any advocate of Com
munism or any other alien ism which
would by fair means or foul change
our American Democracy."
Citing his own record in public
office as proof of his Americanism,
in a speech to the New York State
Democratic convention the presi
dent attacked the Republican party
for a "do-nothing" attitude in the
face of economic chaos "which was
creating a fertile field for Com
munism."
He said that only the Democratic
New Deal had been "intelligent
enough" to deal with the Commu
nistic threat by forward looking
legislation preserving American
Democracy.
ARMORY, SYRACUSE, N.Y. Sept.
29—U.P.—President Roosevelt to
night faced charges of Communism
levelled at his administration with a
vigorous counter-attack on "the
support of any advocate of Com
munism or any other alien ism which
would by fair means or foul change
our American Democracy."
Citing his own record in public
office as proof of his Americanism,
in a speech to the New York State
Democratic convention the presi
dent attacked the Republican party
for a "do-nothing" attitude in the
face of economic chaos "which was
creating a fertile field for Com
munism."
He said that only the Democratic
New Deal had been "intelligent
enough" to deal with the Commu
nistic threat by forward looking
legislation preserving American
Democracy.
ARMORY, SYRACUSE, N.Y. Sept.
29—U.P.—President Roosevelt to
night faced charges of Communism
levelled at his administration with a
vigorous counter-attack on "the
support of any advocate of Com
munism or any other alien ism which
would by fair means or foul change
our American Democracy."
Citing his own record in public
office as proof of his Americanism,
in a speech to the New York State
Democratic convention the presi
dent attacked the Republican party
for a "do-nothing" attitude in the
face of economic chaos "which was
creating a fertile field for Com
munism."
He said that only the Democratic
New Deal had been "intelligent
enough" to deal with the Commu
nistic threat by forward looking
legislation preserving American
Democracy.
ARMORY, SYRACUSE, N.Y. Sept.
29—U.P.—President Roosevelt to
night faced charges of Communism
levelled at his administration with a
vigorous counter-attack on "the
support of any advocate of Com
munism or any other alien ism which
would by fair means or foul change
our American Democracy."
Citing his own record in public
office as proof of his Americanism,
in a speech to the New York State
Democratic convention the presi
dent attacked the Republican party
for a "do-nothing" attitude in the
face of economic chaos "which was
creating a fertile field for Com
munism."
He said that only the Democratic
New Deal had been "intelligent
enough" to deal with the Commu
nistic threat by forward looking
legislation preserving American
Democracy.
ARMORY, SYRACUSE, N.Y. Sept.
29—U.P.—President Roosevelt to
night faced charges of Communism
levelled at his administration with a
vigorous counter-attack on "the
support of any advocate of Com
munism or any other alien ism which
would by fair means or foul change
our American Democracy."
Citing his own record in public
office as proof of his Americanism,
in a speech to the New York State
Democratic convention the presi
dent attacked the Republican party
for a "do-nothing" attitude in the
face of economic chaos "which was
creating a fertile field for Com
munism."
He said that only the Democratic
New Deal had been "intelligent
enough" to deal with the Commu
nistic threat by forward looking
legislation preserving American
Democracy.
ARMORY, SYRACUSE, N.Y. Sept.
29—U.P.—President Roosevelt to
night faced charges of Communism
levelled at his administration with a
vigorous counter-attack on "the
support of any advocate of Com
munism or any other alien ism which
would by fair means or foul change
our American Democracy."
Citing his own record in public
office as proof of his Americanism,
in a speech to the New York State
Democratic convention the presi
dent attacked the Republican party
for a "do-nothing" attitude in the
face of economic chaos "which was
creating a fertile field for Com
munism."
He said that only the Democratic
New Deal had been "intelligent
enough" to deal with the Commu
nistic threat by forward looking
legislation preserving American
Democracy.
ARMORY, SYRACUSE, N.Y. Sept.
29—U.P.—President Roosevelt to
night faced charges of Communism
levelled at his administration with a
vigorous counter-attack on "the
support of any advocate of Com
munism or any other alien ism which
would by fair means or foul change
our American Democracy."
Citing his own record in public
office as proof of his Americanism,
in a speech to the New York State
Democratic convention the presi
dent attacked the Republican party
for a "do-nothing" attitude in the
face of economic chaos "which was
creating a fertile field for Com
munism."
He said that only the Democratic
New Deal had been "intelligent
enough" to deal with the Commu
nistic threat by forward looking
legislation preserving American
Democracy.
ARMORY, SYRACUSE, N.Y. Sept.
29—U.P.—President Roosevelt to
night faced charges of Communism
levelled at his administration with a
vigorous counter-attack on "the
support of any advocate of Com
munism or any other alien ism which
would by fair means or foul change
our American Democracy."
Citing his own record in public
office as proof of his Americanism,
in a speech to the New York State
Democratic convention the presi
dent attacked the Republican party
for a "do-nothing" attitude in the
face of economic chaos "which was
creating a fertile field for Com
munism."
He said that only the Democratic
New Deal had been "intelligent
enough" to deal with the Commu
nistic threat by forward looking
legislation preserving American
Democracy.
ARMORY, SYRACUSE, N.Y. Sept.
29—U.P.—President Roosevelt to
night faced charges of Communism
levelled at his administration with a
vigorous counter-attack on "the
support of any advocate of Com
munism or any other alien ism which
would by fair means or foul change
our American Democracy."
Citing his own record in public
office as proof of his Americanism,
in a speech to the New York State
Democratic convention the presi
dent attacked the Republican party
for a "do-nothing" attitude in the
face of economic chaos "which was
creating a fertile field for Com
munism."
He said that only the Democratic
New Deal had been "intelligent
enough" to deal with the Commu
nistic threat by forward looking
legislation preserving American
Democracy.
ARMORY, SYRACUSE, N.Y. Sept.
29—U.P.—President Roosevelt to
night faced charges of Communism
levelled at his administration with a
vigorous counter-attack on "the
support of any advocate of Com
munism or any other alien ism which
would by fair means or foul change
our American Democracy."
Citing his own record in public
office as proof of his Americanism,
in a speech to the New York State
Democratic convention the presi
dent attacked the Republican party
for a "do-nothing" attitude in the
face of economic chaos "which was
creating a fertile field for Com
munism."
He said that only the Democratic
New Deal had been "intelligent
enough" to deal with the Commu
nistic threat by forward looking
legislation preserving American
Democracy.
ARMORY, SYRACUSE, N.Y. Sept.
29—U.P.—President Roosevelt to
night faced charges of Communism
levelled at his administration with a
vigorous counter-attack on "the
support of any advocate of Com
munism or any other alien ism which
would by fair means or foul change
our American Democracy."
Citing his own record in public
office as proof of his Americanism,
in a speech to the New York State
Democratic convention the presi
dent attacked the Republican party
for a "do-nothing" attitude in the
face of economic chaos "which was
creating a fertile field for Com
munism."
He said that only the Democratic
New Deal had been "intelligent
enough" to deal with the Commu
nistic threat by forward looking
legislation preserving American
Democracy.
ARMORY, SYRACUSE, N.Y. Sept.
29—U.P.—President Roosevelt to
night faced charges of Communism
levelled at his administration with a
vigorous counter-attack on "the
support of any advocate of Com
munism or any other alien ism which
would by fair means or foul change
our American Democracy."
Citing his own record in public
office as proof of his Americanism,
in a speech to the New York State
Democratic convention the presi
dent attacked the Republican party
for a "do-nothing" attitude in the
face of economic chaos "which was
creating a fertile field for Com
munism."
He said that only the Democratic
New Deal had been "intelligent
enough" to deal with the Commu
nistic threat by forward looking
legislation preserving American
Democracy.
