# ERRATIC PASS DEFENSE
## 
### 
Washington's pass defense has
yielded almost 170 yards a game,
but the Husky defenders have in
tercepted 13 passes. Last week,
Washington backs intercepted nine
Oregon passes.
Washington's pass defense has
yielded almost 170 yards a game,
but the Husky defenders have in
tercepted 13 passes. Last week,
Washington backs intercepted nine
Oregon passes.
Washington's pass defense has
yielded almost 170 yards a game,
but the Husky defenders have in
tercepted 13 passes. Last week,
Washington backs intercepted nine
Oregon passes.
Washington's pass defense has
yielded almost 170 yards a game,
but the Husky defenders have in
tercepted 13 passes. Last week,
Washington backs intercepted nine
Oregon passes.
Washington's pass defense has
yielded almost 170 yards a game,
but the Husky defenders have in
tercepted 13 passes. Last week,
Washington backs intercepted nine
Oregon passes.
Washington's pass defense has
yielded almost 170 yards a game,
but the Husky defenders have in
tercepted 13 passes. Last week,
Washington backs intercepted nine
Oregon passes.
Washington's pass defense has
yielded almost 170 yards a game,
but the Husky defenders have in
tercepted 13 passes. Last week,
Washington backs intercepted nine
Oregon passes.
Washington's pass defense has
yielded almost 170 yards a game,
but the Husky defenders have in
tercepted 13 passes. Last week,
Washington backs intercepted nine
Oregon passes.
Washington's pass defense has
yielded almost 170 yards a game,
but the Husky defenders have in
tercepted 13 passes. Last week,
Washington backs intercepted nine
Oregon passes.
Washington's pass defense has
yielded almost 170 yards a game,
but the Husky defenders have in
tercepted 13 passes. Last week,
Washington backs intercepted nine
Oregon passes.
Washington's pass defense has
yielded almost 170 yards a game,
but the Husky defenders have in
tercepted 13 passes. Last week,
Washington backs intercepted nine
Oregon passes.
Washington's pass defense has
yielded almost 170 yards a game,
but the Husky defenders have in
tercepted 13 passes. Last week,
Washington backs intercepted nine
Oregon passes.
Washington's pass defense has
yielded almost 170 yards a game,
but the Husky defenders have in
tercepted 13 passes. Last week,
Washington backs intercepted nine
Oregon passes.
Washington's pass defense has
yielded almost 170 yards a game,
but the Husky defenders have in
tercepted 13 passes. Last week,
Washington backs intercepted nine
Oregon passes.
Washington's pass defense has
yielded almost 170 yards a game,
but the Husky defenders have in
tercepted 13 passes. Last week,
Washington backs intercepted nine
Oregon passes.
Washington's pass defense has
yielded almost 170 yards a game,
but the Husky defenders have in
tercepted 13 passes. Last week,
Washington backs intercepted nine
Oregon passes.
