# Adv. 13 Page 4
## 
### 
Deadline for '"Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 o'clock the day
before publication.
Deadline for '"Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 o'clock the day
before publication.
Deadline for '"Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 o'clock the day
before publication.
Deadline for '"Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 o'clock the day
before publication.
Deadline for '"Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 o'clock the day
before publication.
Deadline for '"Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 o'clock the day
before publication.
Deadline for '"Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 o'clock the day
before publication.
Deadline for '"Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 o'clock the day
before publication.
Deadline for '"Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 o'clock the day
before publication.
Deadline for '"Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 o'clock the day
before publication.
Deadline for '"Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 o'clock the day
before publication.
Deadline for '"Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 o'clock the day
before publication.
Deadline for '"Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 o'clock the day
before publication.
