# G.E. Engineer Now On Farm Faculty
## 
### 
J. Kenneth Salisbury, engineer in
charge of thermal power develop
ment for General Electric, has been
appointed professor of mechanical
engineering at Stanford, it was an
nounced by President Wallace Ster
ling.
J. Kenneth Salisbury, engineer in
charge of thermal power develop
ment for General Electric, has been
appointed professor of mechanical
engineering at Stanford, it was an
nounced by President Wallace Ster
ling.
J. Kenneth Salisbury, engineer in
charge of thermal power develop
ment for General Electric, has been
appointed professor of mechanical
engineering at Stanford, it was an
nounced by President Wallace Ster
ling.
J. Kenneth Salisbury, engineer in
charge of thermal power develop
ment for General Electric, has been
appointed professor of mechanical
engineering at Stanford, it was an
nounced by President Wallace Ster
ling.
J. Kenneth Salisbury, engineer in
charge of thermal power develop
ment for General Electric, has been
appointed professor of mechanical
engineering at Stanford, it was an
nounced by President Wallace Ster
ling.
J. Kenneth Salisbury, engineer in
charge of thermal power develop
ment for General Electric, has been
appointed professor of mechanical
engineering at Stanford, it was an
nounced by President Wallace Ster
ling.
J. Kenneth Salisbury, engineer in
charge of thermal power develop
ment for General Electric, has been
appointed professor of mechanical
engineering at Stanford, it was an
nounced by President Wallace Ster
ling.
J. Kenneth Salisbury, engineer in
charge of thermal power develop
ment for General Electric, has been
appointed professor of mechanical
engineering at Stanford, it was an
nounced by President Wallace Ster
ling.
J. Kenneth Salisbury, engineer in
charge of thermal power develop
ment for General Electric, has been
appointed professor of mechanical
engineering at Stanford, it was an
nounced by President Wallace Ster
ling.
J. Kenneth Salisbury, engineer in
charge of thermal power develop
ment for General Electric, has been
appointed professor of mechanical
engineering at Stanford, it was an
nounced by President Wallace Ster
ling.
J. Kenneth Salisbury, engineer in
charge of thermal power develop
ment for General Electric, has been
appointed professor of mechanical
engineering at Stanford, it was an
nounced by President Wallace Ster
ling.
J. Kenneth Salisbury, engineer in
charge of thermal power develop
ment for General Electric, has been
appointed professor of mechanical
engineering at Stanford, it was an
nounced by President Wallace Ster
ling.
J. Kenneth Salisbury, engineer in
charge of thermal power develop
ment for General Electric, has been
appointed professor of mechanical
engineering at Stanford, it was an
nounced by President Wallace Ster
ling.
