# Shepard
## 
### 
Jack Shepard, co-captain of Stan
ford's CIBA championship team,
signed with Pittsburgh Pirates at
the conclusion of the NCAA tour
ney, held at Omaha, Nebraska.
Shepard, whom Stanford Coach Ev
erett Dean calls "one of the finest
collegiate prospects I have ever
seen," did not receive a bonus. Jack
made his first appearance in a Pi
rate uniform last Friday night
against the St. Louis Cardinals.
Jack Shepard, co-captain of Stan
ford's CIBA championship team,
signed with Pittsburgh Pirates at
the conclusion of the NCAA tour
ney, held at Omaha, Nebraska.
Shepard, whom Stanford Coach Ev
erett Dean calls "one of the finest
collegiate prospects I have ever
seen," did not receive a bonus. Jack
made his first appearance in a Pi
rate uniform last Friday night
against the St. Louis Cardinals.
Jack Shepard, co-captain of Stan
ford's CIBA championship team,
signed with Pittsburgh Pirates at
the conclusion of the NCAA tour
ney, held at Omaha, Nebraska.
Shepard, whom Stanford Coach Ev
erett Dean calls "one of the finest
collegiate prospects I have ever
seen," did not receive a bonus. Jack
made his first appearance in a Pi
rate uniform last Friday night
against the St. Louis Cardinals.
Jack Shepard, co-captain of Stan
ford's CIBA championship team,
signed with Pittsburgh Pirates at
the conclusion of the NCAA tour
ney, held at Omaha, Nebraska.
Shepard, whom Stanford Coach Ev
erett Dean calls "one of the finest
collegiate prospects I have ever
seen," did not receive a bonus. Jack
made his first appearance in a Pi
rate uniform last Friday night
against the St. Louis Cardinals.
Jack Shepard, co-captain of Stan
ford's CIBA championship team,
signed with Pittsburgh Pirates at
the conclusion of the NCAA tour
ney, held at Omaha, Nebraska.
Shepard, whom Stanford Coach Ev
erett Dean calls "one of the finest
collegiate prospects I have ever
seen," did not receive a bonus. Jack
made his first appearance in a Pi
rate uniform last Friday night
against the St. Louis Cardinals.
Jack Shepard, co-captain of Stan
ford's CIBA championship team,
signed with Pittsburgh Pirates at
the conclusion of the NCAA tour
ney, held at Omaha, Nebraska.
Shepard, whom Stanford Coach Ev
erett Dean calls "one of the finest
collegiate prospects I have ever
seen," did not receive a bonus. Jack
made his first appearance in a Pi
rate uniform last Friday night
against the St. Louis Cardinals.
Jack Shepard, co-captain of Stan
ford's CIBA championship team,
signed with Pittsburgh Pirates at
the conclusion of the NCAA tour
ney, held at Omaha, Nebraska.
Shepard, whom Stanford Coach Ev
erett Dean calls "one of the finest
collegiate prospects I have ever
seen," did not receive a bonus. Jack
made his first appearance in a Pi
rate uniform last Friday night
against the St. Louis Cardinals.
Jack Shepard, co-captain of Stan
ford's CIBA championship team,
signed with Pittsburgh Pirates at
the conclusion of the NCAA tour
ney, held at Omaha, Nebraska.
Shepard, whom Stanford Coach Ev
erett Dean calls "one of the finest
collegiate prospects I have ever
seen," did not receive a bonus. Jack
made his first appearance in a Pi
rate uniform last Friday night
against the St. Louis Cardinals.
Jack Shepard, co-captain of Stan
ford's CIBA championship team,
signed with Pittsburgh Pirates at
the conclusion of the NCAA tour
ney, held at Omaha, Nebraska.
Shepard, whom Stanford Coach Ev
erett Dean calls "one of the finest
collegiate prospects I have ever
seen," did not receive a bonus. Jack
made his first appearance in a Pi
rate uniform last Friday night
against the St. Louis Cardinals.
Jack Shepard, co-captain of Stan
ford's CIBA championship team,
signed with Pittsburgh Pirates at
the conclusion of the NCAA tour
ney, held at Omaha, Nebraska.
Shepard, whom Stanford Coach Ev
erett Dean calls "one of the finest
collegiate prospects I have ever
seen," did not receive a bonus. Jack
made his first appearance in a Pi
rate uniform last Friday night
against the St. Louis Cardinals.
Jack Shepard, co-captain of Stan
ford's CIBA championship team,
signed with Pittsburgh Pirates at
the conclusion of the NCAA tour
ney, held at Omaha, Nebraska.
Shepard, whom Stanford Coach Ev
erett Dean calls "one of the finest
collegiate prospects I have ever
seen," did not receive a bonus. Jack
made his first appearance in a Pi
rate uniform last Friday night
against the St. Louis Cardinals.
Jack Shepard, co-captain of Stan
ford's CIBA championship team,
signed with Pittsburgh Pirates at
the conclusion of the NCAA tour
ney, held at Omaha, Nebraska.
Shepard, whom Stanford Coach Ev
erett Dean calls "one of the finest
collegiate prospects I have ever
seen," did not receive a bonus. Jack
made his first appearance in a Pi
rate uniform last Friday night
against the St. Louis Cardinals.
Jack Shepard, co-captain of Stan
ford's CIBA championship team,
signed with Pittsburgh Pirates at
the conclusion of the NCAA tour
ney, held at Omaha, Nebraska.
Shepard, whom Stanford Coach Ev
erett Dean calls "one of the finest
collegiate prospects I have ever
seen," did not receive a bonus. Jack
made his first appearance in a Pi
rate uniform last Friday night
against the St. Louis Cardinals.
