# Tennis Try-Out.
## 
### 
The tournament to select Stan
ford's representatives in the inter
collegiate contest will be held on
the Encina courts next Saturday
morning at 9 o'clock. All entries
must he with Manager Hardy by
Thursday noon in order that the
drawings may be announced in the
Daily Palo Alto that evening.
An entrance fee of fifty cents must
accompany each name to partially
cover the expenses of furnishing
balls.
Hardy, '02, and VVeihe, '03, will
play together in the doubles, and
will undoubtedly go into the match
against Berkeley. There will un
doubtedly be considerable competi
tion for the other singles player
besides Hardy, especially if W'eihe
is not strong enough to play two
matches in the intercollegiate tour
nament. Baker, '03, and Roth, '03,
are both promising players.
Unless the local courts are re
paired, there is danger that the in
tercollegiate match will be held on
those of the California Club, in San
Francisco, instead of here, as was
intended. Manager Hardy is en
deavoring to secure an appropria
tion to put another layer of as
phalt on the courts, and make them
longer, giving more room behind
the serving line. With these im
provements the intercollegiate tour
nament will undoubtedly come here
on the morning of the field-day.
