# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
— — Today—"—
J
It was 22,000 years ago
today that (Jrg, of Hoo-ha
invented the wheel.
On his trial run, he hit a
pedestrian walking a
dmousar and was sued for
whiplash Discarding the
wheel as a dangerous item
the next morning, he
brought another delight
into our lives - the
junk vard.
If you want to publicize
your new labor saving
devices, call the editorial
desk at x 4632, or drop by
today's Daily luncheon at
noon.
// you want to buy a
used wheel, call Dick at
202-45b-1414.
If you want to sell a used
wheel, or trade up for status
purposes, try the business
office at 32 7-4150
— — Today—"—
J
It was 22,000 years ago
today that (Jrg, of Hoo-ha
invented the wheel.
On his trial run, he hit a
pedestrian walking a
dmousar and was sued for
whiplash Discarding the
wheel as a dangerous item
the next morning, he
brought another delight
into our lives - the
junk vard.
If you want to publicize
your new labor saving
devices, call the editorial
desk at x 4632, or drop by
today's Daily luncheon at
noon.
// you want to buy a
used wheel, call Dick at
202-45b-1414.
If you want to sell a used
wheel, or trade up for status
purposes, try the business
office at 32 7-4150
— — Today—"—
J
It was 22,000 years ago
today that (Jrg, of Hoo-ha
invented the wheel.
On his trial run, he hit a
pedestrian walking a
dmousar and was sued for
whiplash Discarding the
wheel as a dangerous item
the next morning, he
brought another delight
into our lives - the
junk vard.
If you want to publicize
your new labor saving
devices, call the editorial
desk at x 4632, or drop by
today's Daily luncheon at
noon.
// you want to buy a
used wheel, call Dick at
202-45b-1414.
If you want to sell a used
wheel, or trade up for status
purposes, try the business
office at 32 7-4150
— — Today—"—
J
It was 22,000 years ago
today that (Jrg, of Hoo-ha
invented the wheel.
On his trial run, he hit a
pedestrian walking a
dmousar and was sued for
whiplash Discarding the
wheel as a dangerous item
the next morning, he
brought another delight
into our lives - the
junk vard.
If you want to publicize
your new labor saving
devices, call the editorial
desk at x 4632, or drop by
today's Daily luncheon at
noon.
// you want to buy a
used wheel, call Dick at
202-45b-1414.
If you want to sell a used
wheel, or trade up for status
purposes, try the business
office at 32 7-4150
— — Today—"—
J
It was 22,000 years ago
today that (Jrg, of Hoo-ha
invented the wheel.
On his trial run, he hit a
pedestrian walking a
dmousar and was sued for
whiplash Discarding the
wheel as a dangerous item
the next morning, he
brought another delight
into our lives - the
junk vard.
If you want to publicize
your new labor saving
devices, call the editorial
desk at x 4632, or drop by
today's Daily luncheon at
noon.
// you want to buy a
used wheel, call Dick at
202-45b-1414.
If you want to sell a used
wheel, or trade up for status
purposes, try the business
office at 32 7-4150
— — Today—"—
J
It was 22,000 years ago
today that (Jrg, of Hoo-ha
invented the wheel.
On his trial run, he hit a
pedestrian walking a
dmousar and was sued for
whiplash Discarding the
wheel as a dangerous item
the next morning, he
brought another delight
into our lives - the
junk vard.
If you want to publicize
your new labor saving
devices, call the editorial
desk at x 4632, or drop by
today's Daily luncheon at
noon.
// you want to buy a
used wheel, call Dick at
202-45b-1414.
If you want to sell a used
wheel, or trade up for status
purposes, try the business
office at 32 7-4150
— — Today—"—
J
It was 22,000 years ago
today that (Jrg, of Hoo-ha
invented the wheel.
On his trial run, he hit a
pedestrian walking a
dmousar and was sued for
whiplash Discarding the
wheel as a dangerous item
the next morning, he
brought another delight
into our lives - the
junk vard.
If you want to publicize
your new labor saving
devices, call the editorial
desk at x 4632, or drop by
today's Daily luncheon at
noon.
// you want to buy a
used wheel, call Dick at
202-45b-1414.
If you want to sell a used
wheel, or trade up for status
purposes, try the business
office at 32 7-4150
— — Today—"—
J
It was 22,000 years ago
today that (Jrg, of Hoo-ha
invented the wheel.
On his trial run, he hit a
pedestrian walking a
dmousar and was sued for
whiplash Discarding the
wheel as a dangerous item
the next morning, he
brought another delight
into our lives - the
junk vard.
If you want to publicize
your new labor saving
devices, call the editorial
desk at x 4632, or drop by
today's Daily luncheon at
noon.
// you want to buy a
used wheel, call Dick at
202-45b-1414.
If you want to sell a used
wheel, or trade up for status
purposes, try the business
office at 32 7-4150
— — Today—"—
J
It was 22,000 years ago
today that (Jrg, of Hoo-ha
invented the wheel.
On his trial run, he hit a
pedestrian walking a
dmousar and was sued for
whiplash Discarding the
wheel as a dangerous item
the next morning, he
brought another delight
into our lives - the
junk vard.
If you want to publicize
your new labor saving
devices, call the editorial
desk at x 4632, or drop by
today's Daily luncheon at
noon.
// you want to buy a
used wheel, call Dick at
202-45b-1414.
If you want to sell a used
wheel, or trade up for status
purposes, try the business
office at 32 7-4150
— — Today—"—
J
It was 22,000 years ago
today that (Jrg, of Hoo-ha
invented the wheel.
On his trial run, he hit a
pedestrian walking a
dmousar and was sued for
whiplash Discarding the
wheel as a dangerous item
the next morning, he
brought another delight
into our lives - the
junk vard.
If you want to publicize
your new labor saving
devices, call the editorial
desk at x 4632, or drop by
today's Daily luncheon at
noon.
// you want to buy a
used wheel, call Dick at
202-45b-1414.
If you want to sell a used
wheel, or trade up for status
purposes, try the business
office at 32 7-4150
— — Today—"—
J
It was 22,000 years ago
today that (Jrg, of Hoo-ha
invented the wheel.
On his trial run, he hit a
pedestrian walking a
dmousar and was sued for
whiplash Discarding the
wheel as a dangerous item
the next morning, he
brought another delight
into our lives - the
junk vard.
If you want to publicize
your new labor saving
devices, call the editorial
desk at x 4632, or drop by
today's Daily luncheon at
noon.
// you want to buy a
used wheel, call Dick at
202-45b-1414.
If you want to sell a used
wheel, or trade up for status
purposes, try the business
office at 32 7-4150
— — Today—"—
J
It was 22,000 years ago
today that (Jrg, of Hoo-ha
invented the wheel.
On his trial run, he hit a
pedestrian walking a
dmousar and was sued for
whiplash Discarding the
wheel as a dangerous item
the next morning, he
brought another delight
into our lives - the
junk vard.
If you want to publicize
your new labor saving
devices, call the editorial
desk at x 4632, or drop by
today's Daily luncheon at
noon.
// you want to buy a
used wheel, call Dick at
202-45b-1414.
If you want to sell a used
wheel, or trade up for status
purposes, try the business
office at 32 7-4150
— — Today—"—
J
It was 22,000 years ago
today that (Jrg, of Hoo-ha
invented the wheel.
On his trial run, he hit a
pedestrian walking a
dmousar and was sued for
whiplash Discarding the
wheel as a dangerous item
the next morning, he
brought another delight
into our lives - the
junk vard.
If you want to publicize
your new labor saving
devices, call the editorial
desk at x 4632, or drop by
today's Daily luncheon at
noon.
// you want to buy a
used wheel, call Dick at
202-45b-1414.
If you want to sell a used
wheel, or trade up for status
purposes, try the business
office at 32 7-4150
— — Today—"—
J
It was 22,000 years ago
today that (Jrg, of Hoo-ha
invented the wheel.
On his trial run, he hit a
pedestrian walking a
dmousar and was sued for
whiplash Discarding the
wheel as a dangerous item
the next morning, he
brought another delight
into our lives - the
junk vard.
If you want to publicize
your new labor saving
devices, call the editorial
desk at x 4632, or drop by
today's Daily luncheon at
noon.
// you want to buy a
used wheel, call Dick at
202-45b-1414.
If you want to sell a used
wheel, or trade up for status
purposes, try the business
office at 32 7-4150
