# Journalists Speak Here
## 
### 
Four prominent
Asian-American journalists will
speak on "The Role of the
Asian-American Press" at 7:30
tonight in 270 Tresidder.
Heading the list of speakers
will be Ellen Endo Kayano,
English editor of the nation's
oldest and largest
Japanese-American bilingual
newspaper, Rat'u Shimpo.
Also appearing will be Colin
Watanabe, co-editor of Gidra,
which has become the most
prominent publication of the new
Asian-American movement.
Representing the
Chinese-American press will be
Ken Wong, co-editor of East-West.
This bilingual weekly has
distinguished itself as the most
outspoken community-oriented
paper in Chinatown.
