# POLICE HAVE COMMENCEMENT
## 
### 
Among this spring's commencement
exercises was that of the New York
City Police Academy School of Re
cruits, which graduated 268 men, who
are now probationary patrolmen.
Among this spring's commencement
exercises was that of the New York
City Police Academy School of Re
cruits, which graduated 268 men, who
are now probationary patrolmen.
Among this spring's commencement
exercises was that of the New York
City Police Academy School of Re
cruits, which graduated 268 men, who
are now probationary patrolmen.
Among this spring's commencement
exercises was that of the New York
City Police Academy School of Re
cruits, which graduated 268 men, who
are now probationary patrolmen.
Among this spring's commencement
exercises was that of the New York
City Police Academy School of Re
cruits, which graduated 268 men, who
are now probationary patrolmen.
Among this spring's commencement
exercises was that of the New York
City Police Academy School of Re
cruits, which graduated 268 men, who
are now probationary patrolmen.
Among this spring's commencement
exercises was that of the New York
City Police Academy School of Re
cruits, which graduated 268 men, who
are now probationary patrolmen.
Among this spring's commencement
exercises was that of the New York
City Police Academy School of Re
cruits, which graduated 268 men, who
are now probationary patrolmen.
Among this spring's commencement
exercises was that of the New York
City Police Academy School of Re
cruits, which graduated 268 men, who
are now probationary patrolmen.
Among this spring's commencement
exercises was that of the New York
City Police Academy School of Re
cruits, which graduated 268 men, who
are now probationary patrolmen.
Among this spring's commencement
exercises was that of the New York
City Police Academy School of Re
cruits, which graduated 268 men, who
are now probationary patrolmen.
Among this spring's commencement
exercises was that of the New York
City Police Academy School of Re
cruits, which graduated 268 men, who
are now probationary patrolmen.
Among this spring's commencement
exercises was that of the New York
City Police Academy School of Re
cruits, which graduated 268 men, who
are now probationary patrolmen.
Among this spring's commencement
exercises was that of the New York
City Police Academy School of Re
cruits, which graduated 268 men, who
are now probationary patrolmen.
