# English Musician In Castilleja Recitals
## 
### 
Margaret Tilly, English pianist who
played on the campus recently, will
open a concert recital series in Palo
Alto on July 11.
Miss Tilly will give her series on the
History of Pianforte Literature. The
recitals will be held every Tuesday
morning from 10 to 11 o'clock between
July 11 and August 8 at the Castilleja
school.
Margaret Tilly, English pianist who
played on the campus recently, will
open a concert recital series in Palo
Alto on July 11.
Miss Tilly will give her series on the
History of Pianforte Literature. The
recitals will be held every Tuesday
morning from 10 to 11 o'clock between
July 11 and August 8 at the Castilleja
school.
Margaret Tilly, English pianist who
played on the campus recently, will
open a concert recital series in Palo
Alto on July 11.
Miss Tilly will give her series on the
History of Pianforte Literature. The
recitals will be held every Tuesday
morning from 10 to 11 o'clock between
July 11 and August 8 at the Castilleja
school.
Margaret Tilly, English pianist who
played on the campus recently, will
open a concert recital series in Palo
Alto on July 11.
Miss Tilly will give her series on the
History of Pianforte Literature. The
recitals will be held every Tuesday
morning from 10 to 11 o'clock between
July 11 and August 8 at the Castilleja
school.
Margaret Tilly, English pianist who
played on the campus recently, will
open a concert recital series in Palo
Alto on July 11.
Miss Tilly will give her series on the
History of Pianforte Literature. The
recitals will be held every Tuesday
morning from 10 to 11 o'clock between
July 11 and August 8 at the Castilleja
school.
Margaret Tilly, English pianist who
played on the campus recently, will
open a concert recital series in Palo
Alto on July 11.
Miss Tilly will give her series on the
History of Pianforte Literature. The
recitals will be held every Tuesday
morning from 10 to 11 o'clock between
July 11 and August 8 at the Castilleja
school.
Margaret Tilly, English pianist who
played on the campus recently, will
open a concert recital series in Palo
Alto on July 11.
Miss Tilly will give her series on the
History of Pianforte Literature. The
recitals will be held every Tuesday
morning from 10 to 11 o'clock between
July 11 and August 8 at the Castilleja
school.
Margaret Tilly, English pianist who
played on the campus recently, will
open a concert recital series in Palo
Alto on July 11.
Miss Tilly will give her series on the
History of Pianforte Literature. The
recitals will be held every Tuesday
morning from 10 to 11 o'clock between
July 11 and August 8 at the Castilleja
school.
Margaret Tilly, English pianist who
played on the campus recently, will
open a concert recital series in Palo
Alto on July 11.
Miss Tilly will give her series on the
History of Pianforte Literature. The
recitals will be held every Tuesday
morning from 10 to 11 o'clock between
July 11 and August 8 at the Castilleja
school.
Margaret Tilly, English pianist who
played on the campus recently, will
open a concert recital series in Palo
Alto on July 11.
Miss Tilly will give her series on the
History of Pianforte Literature. The
recitals will be held every Tuesday
morning from 10 to 11 o'clock between
July 11 and August 8 at the Castilleja
school.
Margaret Tilly, English pianist who
played on the campus recently, will
open a concert recital series in Palo
Alto on July 11.
Miss Tilly will give her series on the
History of Pianforte Literature. The
recitals will be held every Tuesday
morning from 10 to 11 o'clock between
July 11 and August 8 at the Castilleja
school.
Margaret Tilly, English pianist who
played on the campus recently, will
open a concert recital series in Palo
Alto on July 11.
Miss Tilly will give her series on the
History of Pianforte Literature. The
recitals will be held every Tuesday
morning from 10 to 11 o'clock between
July 11 and August 8 at the Castilleja
school.
Margaret Tilly, English pianist who
played on the campus recently, will
open a concert recital series in Palo
Alto on July 11.
Miss Tilly will give her series on the
History of Pianforte Literature. The
recitals will be held every Tuesday
morning from 10 to 11 o'clock between
July 11 and August 8 at the Castilleja
school.
Margaret Tilly, English pianist who
played on the campus recently, will
open a concert recital series in Palo
Alto on July 11.
Miss Tilly will give her series on the
History of Pianforte Literature. The
recitals will be held every Tuesday
morning from 10 to 11 o'clock between
July 11 and August 8 at the Castilleja
school.
