# Adv. 18 Page 4
## 
### 
f
mmmtw
! ■ V*,
Wm&M
JSWrf I
IPNfc
8
«east'i'.
. <k^F»n«
-srr ft ■>
I 5m •■.
o
M V
m.
FcV*2
jA» V'
w
/'/J ?■
wt«
RELAX
IN A MAN’S WORLD
WITH
POUCH
PACK
KEEPS
TOBACCO
L Q
FRESHER!
SIR WALTER
RALEIGH
Pipe smokers appreciate Sir Walter
Raleigh’s choice Kentucky Burley
extra aged for flavor and mild
ness. Now kept 44% fresher in the
pouch pack. So relax and get away
from your cares with Sir Walter
Raleigh —the quality pipe tobacco!
smatemv/mimr/.wmmmmmi
f
mmmtw
! ■ V*,
Wm&M
JSWrf I
IPNfc
8
«east'i'.
. <k^F»n«
-srr ft ■>
I 5m •■.
o
M V
m.
FcV*2
jA» V'
w
/'/J ?■
wt«
RELAX
IN A MAN’S WORLD
WITH
POUCH
PACK
KEEPS
TOBACCO
L Q
FRESHER!
SIR WALTER
RALEIGH
Pipe smokers appreciate Sir Walter
Raleigh’s choice Kentucky Burley
extra aged for flavor and mild
ness. Now kept 44% fresher in the
pouch pack. So relax and get away
from your cares with Sir Walter
Raleigh —the quality pipe tobacco!
smatemv/mimr/.wmmmmmi
f
mmmtw
! ■ V*,
Wm&M
JSWrf I
IPNfc
8
«east'i'.
. <k^F»n«
-srr ft ■>
I 5m •■.
o
M V
m.
FcV*2
jA» V'
w
/'/J ?■
wt«
RELAX
IN A MAN’S WORLD
WITH
POUCH
PACK
KEEPS
TOBACCO
L Q
FRESHER!
SIR WALTER
RALEIGH
Pipe smokers appreciate Sir Walter
Raleigh’s choice Kentucky Burley
extra aged for flavor and mild
ness. Now kept 44% fresher in the
pouch pack. So relax and get away
from your cares with Sir Walter
Raleigh —the quality pipe tobacco!
smatemv/mimr/.wmmmmmi
f
mmmtw
! ■ V*,
Wm&M
JSWrf I
IPNfc
8
«east'i'.
. <k^F»n«
-srr ft ■>
I 5m •■.
o
M V
m.
FcV*2
jA» V'
w
/'/J ?■
wt«
RELAX
IN A MAN’S WORLD
WITH
POUCH
PACK
KEEPS
TOBACCO
L Q
FRESHER!
SIR WALTER
RALEIGH
Pipe smokers appreciate Sir Walter
Raleigh’s choice Kentucky Burley
extra aged for flavor and mild
ness. Now kept 44% fresher in the
pouch pack. So relax and get away
from your cares with Sir Walter
Raleigh —the quality pipe tobacco!
smatemv/mimr/.wmmmmmi
f
mmmtw
! ■ V*,
Wm&M
JSWrf I
IPNfc
8
«east'i'.
. <k^F»n«
-srr ft ■>
I 5m •■.
o
M V
m.
FcV*2
jA» V'
w
/'/J ?■
wt«
RELAX
IN A MAN’S WORLD
WITH
POUCH
PACK
KEEPS
TOBACCO
L Q
FRESHER!
SIR WALTER
RALEIGH
Pipe smokers appreciate Sir Walter
Raleigh’s choice Kentucky Burley
extra aged for flavor and mild
ness. Now kept 44% fresher in the
pouch pack. So relax and get away
from your cares with Sir Walter
Raleigh —the quality pipe tobacco!
smatemv/mimr/.wmmmmmi
f
mmmtw
! ■ V*,
Wm&M
JSWrf I
IPNfc
8
«east'i'.
. <k^F»n«
-srr ft ■>
I 5m •■.
o
M V
m.
FcV*2
jA» V'
w
/'/J ?■
wt«
RELAX
IN A MAN’S WORLD
WITH
POUCH
PACK
KEEPS
TOBACCO
L Q
FRESHER!
SIR WALTER
RALEIGH
Pipe smokers appreciate Sir Walter
Raleigh’s choice Kentucky Burley
extra aged for flavor and mild
ness. Now kept 44% fresher in the
pouch pack. So relax and get away
from your cares with Sir Walter
Raleigh —the quality pipe tobacco!
smatemv/mimr/.wmmmmmi
f
mmmtw
! ■ V*,
Wm&M
JSWrf I
IPNfc
8
«east'i'.
. <k^F»n«
-srr ft ■>
I 5m •■.
o
M V
m.
FcV*2
jA» V'
w
/'/J ?■
wt«
RELAX
IN A MAN’S WORLD
WITH
POUCH
PACK
KEEPS
TOBACCO
L Q
FRESHER!
SIR WALTER
RALEIGH
Pipe smokers appreciate Sir Walter
Raleigh’s choice Kentucky Burley
extra aged for flavor and mild
ness. Now kept 44% fresher in the
pouch pack. So relax and get away
from your cares with Sir Walter
Raleigh —the quality pipe tobacco!
smatemv/mimr/.wmmmmmi
f
mmmtw
! ■ V*,
Wm&M
JSWrf I
IPNfc
8
«east'i'.
. <k^F»n«
-srr ft ■>
I 5m •■.
o
M V
m.
FcV*2
jA» V'
w
/'/J ?■
wt«
RELAX
IN A MAN’S WORLD
WITH
POUCH
PACK
KEEPS
TOBACCO
L Q
FRESHER!
SIR WALTER
RALEIGH
Pipe smokers appreciate Sir Walter
Raleigh’s choice Kentucky Burley
extra aged for flavor and mild
ness. Now kept 44% fresher in the
pouch pack. So relax and get away
from your cares with Sir Walter
Raleigh —the quality pipe tobacco!
smatemv/mimr/.wmmmmmi
f
mmmtw
! ■ V*,
Wm&M
JSWrf I
IPNfc
8
«east'i'.
. <k^F»n«
-srr ft ■>
I 5m •■.
o
M V
m.
FcV*2
jA» V'
w
/'/J ?■
wt«
RELAX
IN A MAN’S WORLD
WITH
POUCH
PACK
KEEPS
TOBACCO
L Q
FRESHER!
SIR WALTER
RALEIGH
Pipe smokers appreciate Sir Walter
Raleigh’s choice Kentucky Burley
extra aged for flavor and mild
ness. Now kept 44% fresher in the
pouch pack. So relax and get away
from your cares with Sir Walter
Raleigh —the quality pipe tobacco!
smatemv/mimr/.wmmmmmi
f
mmmtw
! ■ V*,
Wm&M
JSWrf I
IPNfc
8
«east'i'.
. <k^F»n«
-srr ft ■>
I 5m •■.
o
M V
m.
FcV*2
jA» V'
w
/'/J ?■
wt«
RELAX
IN A MAN’S WORLD
WITH
POUCH
PACK
KEEPS
TOBACCO
L Q
FRESHER!
SIR WALTER
RALEIGH
Pipe smokers appreciate Sir Walter
Raleigh’s choice Kentucky Burley
extra aged for flavor and mild
ness. Now kept 44% fresher in the
pouch pack. So relax and get away
from your cares with Sir Walter
Raleigh —the quality pipe tobacco!
smatemv/mimr/.wmmmmmi
f
mmmtw
! ■ V*,
Wm&M
JSWrf I
IPNfc
8
«east'i'.
. <k^F»n«
-srr ft ■>
I 5m •■.
o
M V
m.
FcV*2
jA» V'
w
/'/J ?■
wt«
RELAX
IN A MAN’S WORLD
WITH
POUCH
PACK
KEEPS
TOBACCO
L Q
FRESHER!
SIR WALTER
RALEIGH
Pipe smokers appreciate Sir Walter
Raleigh’s choice Kentucky Burley
extra aged for flavor and mild
ness. Now kept 44% fresher in the
pouch pack. So relax and get away
from your cares with Sir Walter
Raleigh —the quality pipe tobacco!
smatemv/mimr/.wmmmmmi
f
mmmtw
! ■ V*,
Wm&M
JSWrf I
IPNfc
8
«east'i'.
. <k^F»n«
-srr ft ■>
I 5m •■.
o
M V
m.
FcV*2
jA» V'
w
/'/J ?■
wt«
RELAX
IN A MAN’S WORLD
WITH
POUCH
PACK
KEEPS
TOBACCO
L Q
FRESHER!
SIR WALTER
RALEIGH
Pipe smokers appreciate Sir Walter
Raleigh’s choice Kentucky Burley
extra aged for flavor and mild
ness. Now kept 44% fresher in the
pouch pack. So relax and get away
from your cares with Sir Walter
Raleigh —the quality pipe tobacco!
smatemv/mimr/.wmmmmmi
f
mmmtw
! ■ V*,
Wm&M
JSWrf I
IPNfc
8
«east'i'.
. <k^F»n«
-srr ft ■>
I 5m •■.
o
M V
m.
FcV*2
jA» V'
w
/'/J ?■
wt«
RELAX
IN A MAN’S WORLD
WITH
POUCH
PACK
KEEPS
TOBACCO
L Q
FRESHER!
SIR WALTER
RALEIGH
Pipe smokers appreciate Sir Walter
Raleigh’s choice Kentucky Burley
extra aged for flavor and mild
ness. Now kept 44% fresher in the
pouch pack. So relax and get away
from your cares with Sir Walter
Raleigh —the quality pipe tobacco!
smatemv/mimr/.wmmmmmi
f
mmmtw
! ■ V*,
Wm&M
JSWrf I
IPNfc
8
«east'i'.
. <k^F»n«
-srr ft ■>
I 5m •■.
o
M V
m.
FcV*2
jA» V'
w
/'/J ?■
wt«
RELAX
IN A MAN’S WORLD
WITH
POUCH
PACK
KEEPS
TOBACCO
L Q
FRESHER!
SIR WALTER
RALEIGH
Pipe smokers appreciate Sir Walter
Raleigh’s choice Kentucky Burley
extra aged for flavor and mild
ness. Now kept 44% fresher in the
pouch pack. So relax and get away
from your cares with Sir Walter
Raleigh —the quality pipe tobacco!
smatemv/mimr/.wmmmmmi
f
mmmtw
! ■ V*,
Wm&M
JSWrf I
IPNfc
8
«east'i'.
. <k^F»n«
-srr ft ■>
I 5m •■.
o
M V
m.
FcV*2
jA» V'
w
/'/J ?■
wt«
RELAX
IN A MAN’S WORLD
WITH
POUCH
PACK
KEEPS
TOBACCO
L Q
FRESHER!
SIR WALTER
RALEIGH
Pipe smokers appreciate Sir Walter
Raleigh’s choice Kentucky Burley
extra aged for flavor and mild
ness. Now kept 44% fresher in the
pouch pack. So relax and get away
from your cares with Sir Walter
Raleigh —the quality pipe tobacco!
smatemv/mimr/.wmmmmmi
f
mmmtw
! ■ V*,
Wm&M
JSWrf I
IPNfc
8
«east'i'.
. <k^F»n«
-srr ft ■>
I 5m •■.
o
M V
m.
FcV*2
jA» V'
w
/'/J ?■
wt«
RELAX
IN A MAN’S WORLD
WITH
POUCH
PACK
KEEPS
TOBACCO
L Q
FRESHER!
SIR WALTER
RALEIGH
Pipe smokers appreciate Sir Walter
Raleigh’s choice Kentucky Burley
extra aged for flavor and mild
ness. Now kept 44% fresher in the
pouch pack. So relax and get away
from your cares with Sir Walter
Raleigh —the quality pipe tobacco!
smatemv/mimr/.wmmmmmi
