# PBK Chooses 13 Members
## 
### 
The following 13 students were
elected to Phi Beta Kappa honor
ary fraternity at a chapter meet
ing last week according to Prof.
Christina Phelps Harris, political
science.

Judith Rascoe and George Kin
near, English: Sandra Peterson,
philosophy; Oliver Puttier and
Don Nicholson, biological sci
ences; Ronald Schneider, chemis
try; Joel Horowitz and Franklin
David Rudnick, physics; Trudy
Wyss Pewthers, history; James
Goodrich and Marjorie Freston,
psychology; Joseph Ivaska, elec
trical engineering; and Theodore
Reyhner, civil engineering.
Only those with exceptionally
high academic averages are eli
gible for election in the autumn.
There will be another election in
the spring for about 100 further
members.
Prof. Harris also asked that
members on campus of other Phi
Beta Kappa chapters desiring as
sociate membership give her their
names, dates and places of elec
tion.
The following 13 students were
elected to Phi Beta Kappa honor
ary fraternity at a chapter meet
ing last week according to Prof.
Christina Phelps Harris, political
science.

Judith Rascoe and George Kin
near, English: Sandra Peterson,
philosophy; Oliver Puttier and
Don Nicholson, biological sci
ences; Ronald Schneider, chemis
try; Joel Horowitz and Franklin
David Rudnick, physics; Trudy
Wyss Pewthers, history; James
Goodrich and Marjorie Freston,
psychology; Joseph Ivaska, elec
trical engineering; and Theodore
Reyhner, civil engineering.
Only those with exceptionally
high academic averages are eli
gible for election in the autumn.
There will be another election in
the spring for about 100 further
members.
Prof. Harris also asked that
members on campus of other Phi
Beta Kappa chapters desiring as
sociate membership give her their
names, dates and places of elec
tion.
The following 13 students were
elected to Phi Beta Kappa honor
ary fraternity at a chapter meet
ing last week according to Prof.
Christina Phelps Harris, political
science.

Judith Rascoe and George Kin
near, English: Sandra Peterson,
philosophy; Oliver Puttier and
Don Nicholson, biological sci
ences; Ronald Schneider, chemis
try; Joel Horowitz and Franklin
David Rudnick, physics; Trudy
Wyss Pewthers, history; James
Goodrich and Marjorie Freston,
psychology; Joseph Ivaska, elec
trical engineering; and Theodore
Reyhner, civil engineering.
Only those with exceptionally
high academic averages are eli
gible for election in the autumn.
There will be another election in
the spring for about 100 further
members.
Prof. Harris also asked that
members on campus of other Phi
Beta Kappa chapters desiring as
sociate membership give her their
names, dates and places of elec
tion.
The following 13 students were
elected to Phi Beta Kappa honor
ary fraternity at a chapter meet
ing last week according to Prof.
Christina Phelps Harris, political
science.

Judith Rascoe and George Kin
near, English: Sandra Peterson,
philosophy; Oliver Puttier and
Don Nicholson, biological sci
ences; Ronald Schneider, chemis
try; Joel Horowitz and Franklin
David Rudnick, physics; Trudy
Wyss Pewthers, history; James
Goodrich and Marjorie Freston,
psychology; Joseph Ivaska, elec
trical engineering; and Theodore
Reyhner, civil engineering.
Only those with exceptionally
high academic averages are eli
gible for election in the autumn.
There will be another election in
the spring for about 100 further
members.
Prof. Harris also asked that
members on campus of other Phi
Beta Kappa chapters desiring as
sociate membership give her their
names, dates and places of elec
tion.
The following 13 students were
elected to Phi Beta Kappa honor
ary fraternity at a chapter meet
ing last week according to Prof.
Christina Phelps Harris, political
science.

Judith Rascoe and George Kin
near, English: Sandra Peterson,
philosophy; Oliver Puttier and
Don Nicholson, biological sci
ences; Ronald Schneider, chemis
try; Joel Horowitz and Franklin
David Rudnick, physics; Trudy
Wyss Pewthers, history; James
Goodrich and Marjorie Freston,
psychology; Joseph Ivaska, elec
trical engineering; and Theodore
Reyhner, civil engineering.
Only those with exceptionally
high academic averages are eli
gible for election in the autumn.
There will be another election in
the spring for about 100 further
members.
Prof. Harris also asked that
members on campus of other Phi
Beta Kappa chapters desiring as
sociate membership give her their
names, dates and places of elec
tion.
The following 13 students were
elected to Phi Beta Kappa honor
ary fraternity at a chapter meet
ing last week according to Prof.
Christina Phelps Harris, political
science.

Judith Rascoe and George Kin
near, English: Sandra Peterson,
philosophy; Oliver Puttier and
Don Nicholson, biological sci
ences; Ronald Schneider, chemis
try; Joel Horowitz and Franklin
David Rudnick, physics; Trudy
Wyss Pewthers, history; James
Goodrich and Marjorie Freston,
psychology; Joseph Ivaska, elec
trical engineering; and Theodore
Reyhner, civil engineering.
Only those with exceptionally
high academic averages are eli
gible for election in the autumn.
There will be another election in
the spring for about 100 further
members.
Prof. Harris also asked that
members on campus of other Phi
Beta Kappa chapters desiring as
sociate membership give her their
names, dates and places of elec
tion.
The following 13 students were
elected to Phi Beta Kappa honor
ary fraternity at a chapter meet
ing last week according to Prof.
Christina Phelps Harris, political
science.

Judith Rascoe and George Kin
near, English: Sandra Peterson,
philosophy; Oliver Puttier and
Don Nicholson, biological sci
ences; Ronald Schneider, chemis
try; Joel Horowitz and Franklin
David Rudnick, physics; Trudy
Wyss Pewthers, history; James
Goodrich and Marjorie Freston,
psychology; Joseph Ivaska, elec
trical engineering; and Theodore
Reyhner, civil engineering.
Only those with exceptionally
high academic averages are eli
gible for election in the autumn.
There will be another election in
the spring for about 100 further
members.
Prof. Harris also asked that
members on campus of other Phi
Beta Kappa chapters desiring as
sociate membership give her their
names, dates and places of elec
tion.
The following 13 students were
elected to Phi Beta Kappa honor
ary fraternity at a chapter meet
ing last week according to Prof.
Christina Phelps Harris, political
science.

Judith Rascoe and George Kin
near, English: Sandra Peterson,
philosophy; Oliver Puttier and
Don Nicholson, biological sci
ences; Ronald Schneider, chemis
try; Joel Horowitz and Franklin
David Rudnick, physics; Trudy
Wyss Pewthers, history; James
Goodrich and Marjorie Freston,
psychology; Joseph Ivaska, elec
trical engineering; and Theodore
Reyhner, civil engineering.
Only those with exceptionally
high academic averages are eli
gible for election in the autumn.
There will be another election in
the spring for about 100 further
members.
Prof. Harris also asked that
members on campus of other Phi
Beta Kappa chapters desiring as
sociate membership give her their
names, dates and places of elec
tion.
The following 13 students were
elected to Phi Beta Kappa honor
ary fraternity at a chapter meet
ing last week according to Prof.
Christina Phelps Harris, political
science.

Judith Rascoe and George Kin
near, English: Sandra Peterson,
philosophy; Oliver Puttier and
Don Nicholson, biological sci
ences; Ronald Schneider, chemis
try; Joel Horowitz and Franklin
David Rudnick, physics; Trudy
Wyss Pewthers, history; James
Goodrich and Marjorie Freston,
psychology; Joseph Ivaska, elec
trical engineering; and Theodore
Reyhner, civil engineering.
Only those with exceptionally
high academic averages are eli
gible for election in the autumn.
There will be another election in
the spring for about 100 further
members.
Prof. Harris also asked that
members on campus of other Phi
Beta Kappa chapters desiring as
sociate membership give her their
names, dates and places of elec
tion.
The following 13 students were
elected to Phi Beta Kappa honor
ary fraternity at a chapter meet
ing last week according to Prof.
Christina Phelps Harris, political
science.

Judith Rascoe and George Kin
near, English: Sandra Peterson,
philosophy; Oliver Puttier and
Don Nicholson, biological sci
ences; Ronald Schneider, chemis
try; Joel Horowitz and Franklin
David Rudnick, physics; Trudy
Wyss Pewthers, history; James
Goodrich and Marjorie Freston,
psychology; Joseph Ivaska, elec
trical engineering; and Theodore
Reyhner, civil engineering.
Only those with exceptionally
high academic averages are eli
gible for election in the autumn.
There will be another election in
the spring for about 100 further
members.
Prof. Harris also asked that
members on campus of other Phi
Beta Kappa chapters desiring as
sociate membership give her their
names, dates and places of elec
tion.
The following 13 students were
elected to Phi Beta Kappa honor
ary fraternity at a chapter meet
ing last week according to Prof.
Christina Phelps Harris, political
science.

Judith Rascoe and George Kin
near, English: Sandra Peterson,
philosophy; Oliver Puttier and
Don Nicholson, biological sci
ences; Ronald Schneider, chemis
try; Joel Horowitz and Franklin
David Rudnick, physics; Trudy
Wyss Pewthers, history; James
Goodrich and Marjorie Freston,
psychology; Joseph Ivaska, elec
trical engineering; and Theodore
Reyhner, civil engineering.
Only those with exceptionally
high academic averages are eli
gible for election in the autumn.
There will be another election in
the spring for about 100 further
members.
Prof. Harris also asked that
members on campus of other Phi
Beta Kappa chapters desiring as
sociate membership give her their
names, dates and places of elec
tion.
The following 13 students were
elected to Phi Beta Kappa honor
ary fraternity at a chapter meet
ing last week according to Prof.
Christina Phelps Harris, political
science.

Judith Rascoe and George Kin
near, English: Sandra Peterson,
philosophy; Oliver Puttier and
Don Nicholson, biological sci
ences; Ronald Schneider, chemis
try; Joel Horowitz and Franklin
David Rudnick, physics; Trudy
Wyss Pewthers, history; James
Goodrich and Marjorie Freston,
psychology; Joseph Ivaska, elec
trical engineering; and Theodore
Reyhner, civil engineering.
Only those with exceptionally
high academic averages are eli
gible for election in the autumn.
There will be another election in
the spring for about 100 further
members.
Prof. Harris also asked that
members on campus of other Phi
Beta Kappa chapters desiring as
sociate membership give her their
names, dates and places of elec
tion.
The following 13 students were
elected to Phi Beta Kappa honor
ary fraternity at a chapter meet
ing last week according to Prof.
Christina Phelps Harris, political
science.

Judith Rascoe and George Kin
near, English: Sandra Peterson,
philosophy; Oliver Puttier and
Don Nicholson, biological sci
ences; Ronald Schneider, chemis
try; Joel Horowitz and Franklin
David Rudnick, physics; Trudy
Wyss Pewthers, history; James
Goodrich and Marjorie Freston,
psychology; Joseph Ivaska, elec
trical engineering; and Theodore
Reyhner, civil engineering.
Only those with exceptionally
high academic averages are eli
gible for election in the autumn.
There will be another election in
the spring for about 100 further
members.
Prof. Harris also asked that
members on campus of other Phi
Beta Kappa chapters desiring as
sociate membership give her their
names, dates and places of elec
tion.
The following 13 students were
elected to Phi Beta Kappa honor
ary fraternity at a chapter meet
ing last week according to Prof.
Christina Phelps Harris, political
science.

Judith Rascoe and George Kin
near, English: Sandra Peterson,
philosophy; Oliver Puttier and
Don Nicholson, biological sci
ences; Ronald Schneider, chemis
try; Joel Horowitz and Franklin
David Rudnick, physics; Trudy
Wyss Pewthers, history; James
Goodrich and Marjorie Freston,
psychology; Joseph Ivaska, elec
trical engineering; and Theodore
Reyhner, civil engineering.
Only those with exceptionally
high academic averages are eli
gible for election in the autumn.
There will be another election in
the spring for about 100 further
members.
Prof. Harris also asked that
members on campus of other Phi
Beta Kappa chapters desiring as
sociate membership give her their
names, dates and places of elec
tion.
The following 13 students were
elected to Phi Beta Kappa honor
ary fraternity at a chapter meet
ing last week according to Prof.
Christina Phelps Harris, political
science.

Judith Rascoe and George Kin
near, English: Sandra Peterson,
philosophy; Oliver Puttier and
Don Nicholson, biological sci
ences; Ronald Schneider, chemis
try; Joel Horowitz and Franklin
David Rudnick, physics; Trudy
Wyss Pewthers, history; James
Goodrich and Marjorie Freston,
psychology; Joseph Ivaska, elec
trical engineering; and Theodore
Reyhner, civil engineering.
Only those with exceptionally
high academic averages are eli
gible for election in the autumn.
There will be another election in
the spring for about 100 further
members.
Prof. Harris also asked that
members on campus of other Phi
Beta Kappa chapters desiring as
sociate membership give her their
names, dates and places of elec
tion.
The following 13 students were
elected to Phi Beta Kappa honor
ary fraternity at a chapter meet
ing last week according to Prof.
Christina Phelps Harris, political
science.

Judith Rascoe and George Kin
near, English: Sandra Peterson,
philosophy; Oliver Puttier and
Don Nicholson, biological sci
ences; Ronald Schneider, chemis
try; Joel Horowitz and Franklin
David Rudnick, physics; Trudy
Wyss Pewthers, history; James
Goodrich and Marjorie Freston,
psychology; Joseph Ivaska, elec
trical engineering; and Theodore
Reyhner, civil engineering.
Only those with exceptionally
high academic averages are eli
gible for election in the autumn.
There will be another election in
the spring for about 100 further
members.
Prof. Harris also asked that
members on campus of other Phi
Beta Kappa chapters desiring as
sociate membership give her their
names, dates and places of elec
tion.
