# ORGANIZE WOMEN'S DEPARTMENT
## 
### 
The Penn State Collegian of Penn
sylvania State College has organized
a women's department. All news of in
terest to women will be handled by
girl reporters.
The Penn State Collegian of Penn
sylvania State College has organized
a women's department. All news of in
terest to women will be handled by
girl reporters.
The Penn State Collegian of Penn
sylvania State College has organized
a women's department. All news of in
terest to women will be handled by
girl reporters.
The Penn State Collegian of Penn
sylvania State College has organized
a women's department. All news of in
terest to women will be handled by
girl reporters.
The Penn State Collegian of Penn
sylvania State College has organized
a women's department. All news of in
terest to women will be handled by
girl reporters.
The Penn State Collegian of Penn
sylvania State College has organized
a women's department. All news of in
terest to women will be handled by
girl reporters.
The Penn State Collegian of Penn
sylvania State College has organized
a women's department. All news of in
terest to women will be handled by
girl reporters.
The Penn State Collegian of Penn
sylvania State College has organized
a women's department. All news of in
terest to women will be handled by
girl reporters.
The Penn State Collegian of Penn
sylvania State College has organized
a women's department. All news of in
terest to women will be handled by
girl reporters.
The Penn State Collegian of Penn
sylvania State College has organized
a women's department. All news of in
terest to women will be handled by
girl reporters.
The Penn State Collegian of Penn
sylvania State College has organized
a women's department. All news of in
terest to women will be handled by
girl reporters.
The Penn State Collegian of Penn
sylvania State College has organized
a women's department. All news of in
terest to women will be handled by
girl reporters.
The Penn State Collegian of Penn
sylvania State College has organized
a women's department. All news of in
terest to women will be handled by
girl reporters.
The Penn State Collegian of Penn
sylvania State College has organized
a women's department. All news of in
terest to women will be handled by
girl reporters.
The Penn State Collegian of Penn
sylvania State College has organized
a women's department. All news of in
terest to women will be handled by
girl reporters.
