# PSYCHOLOGY COURSE BY DR. MARTIN DEALS WITH CHILD WELFARE
## 
### 
Dr. Lilien Jane Martin, consulting
psychologist and former member of
the Stanford psychology faculty, will
conduct a course of five monthly les
sons in child psychology under the
auspices of the Palo Alto Parent-
Teachers Association. Dr. Martin's
course will be devoted to the study of
the laws governing mental and emo
tional health with a view to the nor
mal development of the child as well
as to the correction of abnormalities.
Dr. Martin is a graduate of Vassar
College and the University of Got
tingen, Germany. She retired from the
Stanford psychology faculty, of which
she had been a member since 1899, in
1916, and opened an office in San
Francisco as a consulting psychologist.
She is the author of the book, "Men
tal Training for the Pre-School Age
Child," and a number of articles and
pamphlets on similar subjects.
Dr. Lilien Jane Martin, consulting
psychologist and former member of
the Stanford psychology faculty, will
conduct a course of five monthly les
sons in child psychology under the
auspices of the Palo Alto Parent-
Teachers Association. Dr. Martin's
course will be devoted to the study of
the laws governing mental and emo
tional health with a view to the nor
mal development of the child as well
as to the correction of abnormalities.
Dr. Martin is a graduate of Vassar
College and the University of Got
tingen, Germany. She retired from the
Stanford psychology faculty, of which
she had been a member since 1899, in
1916, and opened an office in San
Francisco as a consulting psychologist.
She is the author of the book, "Men
tal Training for the Pre-School Age
Child," and a number of articles and
pamphlets on similar subjects.
Dr. Lilien Jane Martin, consulting
psychologist and former member of
the Stanford psychology faculty, will
conduct a course of five monthly les
sons in child psychology under the
auspices of the Palo Alto Parent-
Teachers Association. Dr. Martin's
course will be devoted to the study of
the laws governing mental and emo
tional health with a view to the nor
mal development of the child as well
as to the correction of abnormalities.
Dr. Martin is a graduate of Vassar
College and the University of Got
tingen, Germany. She retired from the
Stanford psychology faculty, of which
she had been a member since 1899, in
1916, and opened an office in San
Francisco as a consulting psychologist.
She is the author of the book, "Men
tal Training for the Pre-School Age
Child," and a number of articles and
pamphlets on similar subjects.
Dr. Lilien Jane Martin, consulting
psychologist and former member of
the Stanford psychology faculty, will
conduct a course of five monthly les
sons in child psychology under the
auspices of the Palo Alto Parent-
Teachers Association. Dr. Martin's
course will be devoted to the study of
the laws governing mental and emo
tional health with a view to the nor
mal development of the child as well
as to the correction of abnormalities.
Dr. Martin is a graduate of Vassar
College and the University of Got
tingen, Germany. She retired from the
Stanford psychology faculty, of which
she had been a member since 1899, in
1916, and opened an office in San
Francisco as a consulting psychologist.
She is the author of the book, "Men
tal Training for the Pre-School Age
Child," and a number of articles and
pamphlets on similar subjects.
Dr. Lilien Jane Martin, consulting
psychologist and former member of
the Stanford psychology faculty, will
conduct a course of five monthly les
sons in child psychology under the
auspices of the Palo Alto Parent-
Teachers Association. Dr. Martin's
course will be devoted to the study of
the laws governing mental and emo
tional health with a view to the nor
mal development of the child as well
as to the correction of abnormalities.
Dr. Martin is a graduate of Vassar
College and the University of Got
tingen, Germany. She retired from the
Stanford psychology faculty, of which
she had been a member since 1899, in
1916, and opened an office in San
Francisco as a consulting psychologist.
She is the author of the book, "Men
tal Training for the Pre-School Age
Child," and a number of articles and
pamphlets on similar subjects.
Dr. Lilien Jane Martin, consulting
psychologist and former member of
the Stanford psychology faculty, will
conduct a course of five monthly les
sons in child psychology under the
auspices of the Palo Alto Parent-
Teachers Association. Dr. Martin's
course will be devoted to the study of
the laws governing mental and emo
tional health with a view to the nor
mal development of the child as well
as to the correction of abnormalities.
Dr. Martin is a graduate of Vassar
College and the University of Got
tingen, Germany. She retired from the
Stanford psychology faculty, of which
she had been a member since 1899, in
1916, and opened an office in San
Francisco as a consulting psychologist.
She is the author of the book, "Men
tal Training for the Pre-School Age
Child," and a number of articles and
pamphlets on similar subjects.
Dr. Lilien Jane Martin, consulting
psychologist and former member of
the Stanford psychology faculty, will
conduct a course of five monthly les
sons in child psychology under the
auspices of the Palo Alto Parent-
Teachers Association. Dr. Martin's
course will be devoted to the study of
the laws governing mental and emo
tional health with a view to the nor
mal development of the child as well
as to the correction of abnormalities.
Dr. Martin is a graduate of Vassar
College and the University of Got
tingen, Germany. She retired from the
Stanford psychology faculty, of which
she had been a member since 1899, in
1916, and opened an office in San
Francisco as a consulting psychologist.
She is the author of the book, "Men
tal Training for the Pre-School Age
Child," and a number of articles and
pamphlets on similar subjects.
Dr. Lilien Jane Martin, consulting
psychologist and former member of
the Stanford psychology faculty, will
conduct a course of five monthly les
sons in child psychology under the
auspices of the Palo Alto Parent-
Teachers Association. Dr. Martin's
course will be devoted to the study of
the laws governing mental and emo
tional health with a view to the nor
mal development of the child as well
as to the correction of abnormalities.
Dr. Martin is a graduate of Vassar
College and the University of Got
tingen, Germany. She retired from the
Stanford psychology faculty, of which
she had been a member since 1899, in
1916, and opened an office in San
Francisco as a consulting psychologist.
She is the author of the book, "Men
tal Training for the Pre-School Age
Child," and a number of articles and
pamphlets on similar subjects.
Dr. Lilien Jane Martin, consulting
psychologist and former member of
the Stanford psychology faculty, will
conduct a course of five monthly les
sons in child psychology under the
auspices of the Palo Alto Parent-
Teachers Association. Dr. Martin's
course will be devoted to the study of
the laws governing mental and emo
tional health with a view to the nor
mal development of the child as well
as to the correction of abnormalities.
Dr. Martin is a graduate of Vassar
College and the University of Got
tingen, Germany. She retired from the
Stanford psychology faculty, of which
she had been a member since 1899, in
1916, and opened an office in San
Francisco as a consulting psychologist.
She is the author of the book, "Men
tal Training for the Pre-School Age
Child," and a number of articles and
pamphlets on similar subjects.
Dr. Lilien Jane Martin, consulting
psychologist and former member of
the Stanford psychology faculty, will
conduct a course of five monthly les
sons in child psychology under the
auspices of the Palo Alto Parent-
Teachers Association. Dr. Martin's
course will be devoted to the study of
the laws governing mental and emo
tional health with a view to the nor
mal development of the child as well
as to the correction of abnormalities.
Dr. Martin is a graduate of Vassar
College and the University of Got
tingen, Germany. She retired from the
Stanford psychology faculty, of which
she had been a member since 1899, in
1916, and opened an office in San
Francisco as a consulting psychologist.
She is the author of the book, "Men
tal Training for the Pre-School Age
Child," and a number of articles and
pamphlets on similar subjects.
Dr. Lilien Jane Martin, consulting
psychologist and former member of
the Stanford psychology faculty, will
conduct a course of five monthly les
sons in child psychology under the
auspices of the Palo Alto Parent-
Teachers Association. Dr. Martin's
course will be devoted to the study of
the laws governing mental and emo
tional health with a view to the nor
mal development of the child as well
as to the correction of abnormalities.
Dr. Martin is a graduate of Vassar
College and the University of Got
tingen, Germany. She retired from the
Stanford psychology faculty, of which
she had been a member since 1899, in
1916, and opened an office in San
Francisco as a consulting psychologist.
She is the author of the book, "Men
tal Training for the Pre-School Age
Child," and a number of articles and
pamphlets on similar subjects.
Dr. Lilien Jane Martin, consulting
psychologist and former member of
the Stanford psychology faculty, will
conduct a course of five monthly les
sons in child psychology under the
auspices of the Palo Alto Parent-
Teachers Association. Dr. Martin's
course will be devoted to the study of
the laws governing mental and emo
tional health with a view to the nor
mal development of the child as well
as to the correction of abnormalities.
Dr. Martin is a graduate of Vassar
College and the University of Got
tingen, Germany. She retired from the
Stanford psychology faculty, of which
she had been a member since 1899, in
1916, and opened an office in San
Francisco as a consulting psychologist.
She is the author of the book, "Men
tal Training for the Pre-School Age
Child," and a number of articles and
pamphlets on similar subjects.
Dr. Lilien Jane Martin, consulting
psychologist and former member of
the Stanford psychology faculty, will
conduct a course of five monthly les
sons in child psychology under the
auspices of the Palo Alto Parent-
Teachers Association. Dr. Martin's
course will be devoted to the study of
the laws governing mental and emo
tional health with a view to the nor
mal development of the child as well
as to the correction of abnormalities.
Dr. Martin is a graduate of Vassar
College and the University of Got
tingen, Germany. She retired from the
Stanford psychology faculty, of which
she had been a member since 1899, in
1916, and opened an office in San
Francisco as a consulting psychologist.
She is the author of the book, "Men
tal Training for the Pre-School Age
Child," and a number of articles and
pamphlets on similar subjects.
Dr. Lilien Jane Martin, consulting
psychologist and former member of
the Stanford psychology faculty, will
conduct a course of five monthly les
sons in child psychology under the
auspices of the Palo Alto Parent-
Teachers Association. Dr. Martin's
course will be devoted to the study of
the laws governing mental and emo
tional health with a view to the nor
mal development of the child as well
as to the correction of abnormalities.
Dr. Martin is a graduate of Vassar
College and the University of Got
tingen, Germany. She retired from the
Stanford psychology faculty, of which
she had been a member since 1899, in
1916, and opened an office in San
Francisco as a consulting psychologist.
She is the author of the book, "Men
tal Training for the Pre-School Age
Child," and a number of articles and
pamphlets on similar subjects.
Dr. Lilien Jane Martin, consulting
psychologist and former member of
the Stanford psychology faculty, will
conduct a course of five monthly les
sons in child psychology under the
auspices of the Palo Alto Parent-
Teachers Association. Dr. Martin's
course will be devoted to the study of
the laws governing mental and emo
tional health with a view to the nor
mal development of the child as well
as to the correction of abnormalities.
Dr. Martin is a graduate of Vassar
College and the University of Got
tingen, Germany. She retired from the
Stanford psychology faculty, of which
she had been a member since 1899, in
1916, and opened an office in San
Francisco as a consulting psychologist.
She is the author of the book, "Men
tal Training for the Pre-School Age
Child," and a number of articles and
pamphlets on similar subjects.
