# Quad Tryoutees to Hold First Meeting Tonight
## 
### 
Quad editorial tryoutees will hold their
first meeting of the winter quart*.'!" at
7:00 tonight in the Quad office. Allan
Klauber, editor, will be in charge of the
meeting.
Quad editorial tryoutees will hold their
first meeting of the winter quart*.'!" at
7:00 tonight in the Quad office. Allan
Klauber, editor, will be in charge of the
meeting.
Quad editorial tryoutees will hold their
first meeting of the winter quart*.'!" at
7:00 tonight in the Quad office. Allan
Klauber, editor, will be in charge of the
meeting.
Quad editorial tryoutees will hold their
first meeting of the winter quart*.'!" at
7:00 tonight in the Quad office. Allan
Klauber, editor, will be in charge of the
meeting.
Quad editorial tryoutees will hold their
first meeting of the winter quart*.'!" at
7:00 tonight in the Quad office. Allan
Klauber, editor, will be in charge of the
meeting.
Quad editorial tryoutees will hold their
first meeting of the winter quart*.'!" at
7:00 tonight in the Quad office. Allan
Klauber, editor, will be in charge of the
meeting.
Quad editorial tryoutees will hold their
first meeting of the winter quart*.'!" at
7:00 tonight in the Quad office. Allan
Klauber, editor, will be in charge of the
meeting.
Quad editorial tryoutees will hold their
first meeting of the winter quart*.'!" at
7:00 tonight in the Quad office. Allan
Klauber, editor, will be in charge of the
meeting.
Quad editorial tryoutees will hold their
first meeting of the winter quart*.'!" at
7:00 tonight in the Quad office. Allan
Klauber, editor, will be in charge of the
meeting.
Quad editorial tryoutees will hold their
first meeting of the winter quart*.'!" at
7:00 tonight in the Quad office. Allan
Klauber, editor, will be in charge of the
meeting.
Quad editorial tryoutees will hold their
first meeting of the winter quart*.'!" at
7:00 tonight in the Quad office. Allan
Klauber, editor, will be in charge of the
meeting.
Quad editorial tryoutees will hold their
first meeting of the winter quart*.'!" at
7:00 tonight in the Quad office. Allan
Klauber, editor, will be in charge of the
meeting.
Quad editorial tryoutees will hold their
first meeting of the winter quart*.'!" at
7:00 tonight in the Quad office. Allan
Klauber, editor, will be in charge of the
meeting.
Quad editorial tryoutees will hold their
first meeting of the winter quart*.'!" at
7:00 tonight in the Quad office. Allan
Klauber, editor, will be in charge of the
meeting.
Quad editorial tryoutees will hold their
first meeting of the winter quart*.'!" at
7:00 tonight in the Quad office. Allan
Klauber, editor, will be in charge of the
meeting.
