# A.S.C.E. to Hold Social Meeting at A.T.O. House
## 
### 
A get-acquainted meeting of the
American Society of Civil Engineers
will take place this evening at 7:30
o'clock at the Alpha Tau Omega house,
no special program having been ar
ranged. Olenn H. Stockbridge, presi
dent of the Stanford chapter, will pre
side.
A get-acquainted meeting of the
American Society of Civil Engineers
will take place this evening at 7:30
o'clock at the Alpha Tau Omega house,
no special program having been ar
ranged. Olenn H. Stockbridge, presi
dent of the Stanford chapter, will pre
side.
A get-acquainted meeting of the
American Society of Civil Engineers
will take place this evening at 7:30
o'clock at the Alpha Tau Omega house,
no special program having been ar
ranged. Olenn H. Stockbridge, presi
dent of the Stanford chapter, will pre
side.
A get-acquainted meeting of the
American Society of Civil Engineers
will take place this evening at 7:30
o'clock at the Alpha Tau Omega house,
no special program having been ar
ranged. Olenn H. Stockbridge, presi
dent of the Stanford chapter, will pre
side.
A get-acquainted meeting of the
American Society of Civil Engineers
will take place this evening at 7:30
o'clock at the Alpha Tau Omega house,
no special program having been ar
ranged. Olenn H. Stockbridge, presi
dent of the Stanford chapter, will pre
side.
A get-acquainted meeting of the
American Society of Civil Engineers
will take place this evening at 7:30
o'clock at the Alpha Tau Omega house,
no special program having been ar
ranged. Olenn H. Stockbridge, presi
dent of the Stanford chapter, will pre
side.
A get-acquainted meeting of the
American Society of Civil Engineers
will take place this evening at 7:30
o'clock at the Alpha Tau Omega house,
no special program having been ar
ranged. Olenn H. Stockbridge, presi
dent of the Stanford chapter, will pre
side.
A get-acquainted meeting of the
American Society of Civil Engineers
will take place this evening at 7:30
o'clock at the Alpha Tau Omega house,
no special program having been ar
ranged. Olenn H. Stockbridge, presi
dent of the Stanford chapter, will pre
side.
A get-acquainted meeting of the
American Society of Civil Engineers
will take place this evening at 7:30
o'clock at the Alpha Tau Omega house,
no special program having been ar
ranged. Olenn H. Stockbridge, presi
dent of the Stanford chapter, will pre
side.
A get-acquainted meeting of the
American Society of Civil Engineers
will take place this evening at 7:30
o'clock at the Alpha Tau Omega house,
no special program having been ar
ranged. Olenn H. Stockbridge, presi
dent of the Stanford chapter, will pre
side.
A get-acquainted meeting of the
American Society of Civil Engineers
will take place this evening at 7:30
o'clock at the Alpha Tau Omega house,
no special program having been ar
ranged. Olenn H. Stockbridge, presi
dent of the Stanford chapter, will pre
side.
A get-acquainted meeting of the
American Society of Civil Engineers
will take place this evening at 7:30
o'clock at the Alpha Tau Omega house,
no special program having been ar
ranged. Olenn H. Stockbridge, presi
dent of the Stanford chapter, will pre
side.
A get-acquainted meeting of the
American Society of Civil Engineers
will take place this evening at 7:30
o'clock at the Alpha Tau Omega house,
no special program having been ar
ranged. Olenn H. Stockbridge, presi
dent of the Stanford chapter, will pre
side.
A get-acquainted meeting of the
American Society of Civil Engineers
will take place this evening at 7:30
o'clock at the Alpha Tau Omega house,
no special program having been ar
ranged. Olenn H. Stockbridge, presi
dent of the Stanford chapter, will pre
side.
A get-acquainted meeting of the
American Society of Civil Engineers
will take place this evening at 7:30
o'clock at the Alpha Tau Omega house,
no special program having been ar
ranged. Olenn H. Stockbridge, presi
dent of the Stanford chapter, will pre
side.
