# Sophomores Will Discuss Class Finance Situation
## 
### 
Finances will be the topic of dis
cussion at the Sophomore Class meet
ins tonight at 7:30 o'clock in Room
214, when the 1929 class members
tackle the problem of paying off the
debt incurred to the University
through their actions as freshmen in
Kncina last year.
A report of the financial end of the
Sophomore Cotillion will be presented
by the dance committee. The question
of a sophomore jolly-up will also be
taken up.
Finances will be the topic of dis
cussion at the Sophomore Class meet
ins tonight at 7:30 o'clock in Room
214, when the 1929 class members
tackle the problem of paying off the
debt incurred to the University
through their actions as freshmen in
Kncina last year.
A report of the financial end of the
Sophomore Cotillion will be presented
by the dance committee. The question
of a sophomore jolly-up will also be
taken up.
Finances will be the topic of dis
cussion at the Sophomore Class meet
ins tonight at 7:30 o'clock in Room
214, when the 1929 class members
tackle the problem of paying off the
debt incurred to the University
through their actions as freshmen in
Kncina last year.
A report of the financial end of the
Sophomore Cotillion will be presented
by the dance committee. The question
of a sophomore jolly-up will also be
taken up.
Finances will be the topic of dis
cussion at the Sophomore Class meet
ins tonight at 7:30 o'clock in Room
214, when the 1929 class members
tackle the problem of paying off the
debt incurred to the University
through their actions as freshmen in
Kncina last year.
A report of the financial end of the
Sophomore Cotillion will be presented
by the dance committee. The question
of a sophomore jolly-up will also be
taken up.
Finances will be the topic of dis
cussion at the Sophomore Class meet
ins tonight at 7:30 o'clock in Room
214, when the 1929 class members
tackle the problem of paying off the
debt incurred to the University
through their actions as freshmen in
Kncina last year.
A report of the financial end of the
Sophomore Cotillion will be presented
by the dance committee. The question
of a sophomore jolly-up will also be
taken up.
Finances will be the topic of dis
cussion at the Sophomore Class meet
ins tonight at 7:30 o'clock in Room
214, when the 1929 class members
tackle the problem of paying off the
debt incurred to the University
through their actions as freshmen in
Kncina last year.
A report of the financial end of the
Sophomore Cotillion will be presented
by the dance committee. The question
of a sophomore jolly-up will also be
taken up.
Finances will be the topic of dis
cussion at the Sophomore Class meet
ins tonight at 7:30 o'clock in Room
214, when the 1929 class members
tackle the problem of paying off the
debt incurred to the University
through their actions as freshmen in
Kncina last year.
A report of the financial end of the
Sophomore Cotillion will be presented
by the dance committee. The question
of a sophomore jolly-up will also be
taken up.
Finances will be the topic of dis
cussion at the Sophomore Class meet
ins tonight at 7:30 o'clock in Room
214, when the 1929 class members
tackle the problem of paying off the
debt incurred to the University
through their actions as freshmen in
Kncina last year.
A report of the financial end of the
Sophomore Cotillion will be presented
by the dance committee. The question
of a sophomore jolly-up will also be
taken up.
Finances will be the topic of dis
cussion at the Sophomore Class meet
ins tonight at 7:30 o'clock in Room
214, when the 1929 class members
tackle the problem of paying off the
debt incurred to the University
through their actions as freshmen in
Kncina last year.
A report of the financial end of the
Sophomore Cotillion will be presented
by the dance committee. The question
of a sophomore jolly-up will also be
taken up.
Finances will be the topic of dis
cussion at the Sophomore Class meet
ins tonight at 7:30 o'clock in Room
214, when the 1929 class members
tackle the problem of paying off the
debt incurred to the University
through their actions as freshmen in
Kncina last year.
A report of the financial end of the
Sophomore Cotillion will be presented
by the dance committee. The question
of a sophomore jolly-up will also be
taken up.
Finances will be the topic of dis
cussion at the Sophomore Class meet
ins tonight at 7:30 o'clock in Room
214, when the 1929 class members
tackle the problem of paying off the
debt incurred to the University
through their actions as freshmen in
Kncina last year.
A report of the financial end of the
Sophomore Cotillion will be presented
by the dance committee. The question
of a sophomore jolly-up will also be
taken up.
Finances will be the topic of dis
cussion at the Sophomore Class meet
ins tonight at 7:30 o'clock in Room
214, when the 1929 class members
tackle the problem of paying off the
debt incurred to the University
through their actions as freshmen in
Kncina last year.
A report of the financial end of the
Sophomore Cotillion will be presented
by the dance committee. The question
of a sophomore jolly-up will also be
taken up.
Finances will be the topic of dis
cussion at the Sophomore Class meet
ins tonight at 7:30 o'clock in Room
214, when the 1929 class members
tackle the problem of paying off the
debt incurred to the University
through their actions as freshmen in
Kncina last year.
A report of the financial end of the
Sophomore Cotillion will be presented
by the dance committee. The question
of a sophomore jolly-up will also be
taken up.
Finances will be the topic of dis
cussion at the Sophomore Class meet
ins tonight at 7:30 o'clock in Room
214, when the 1929 class members
tackle the problem of paying off the
debt incurred to the University
through their actions as freshmen in
Kncina last year.
A report of the financial end of the
Sophomore Cotillion will be presented
by the dance committee. The question
of a sophomore jolly-up will also be
taken up.
Finances will be the topic of dis
cussion at the Sophomore Class meet
ins tonight at 7:30 o'clock in Room
214, when the 1929 class members
tackle the problem of paying off the
debt incurred to the University
through their actions as freshmen in
Kncina last year.
A report of the financial end of the
Sophomore Cotillion will be presented
by the dance committee. The question
of a sophomore jolly-up will also be
taken up.
