# CHRISTIAN GROUP TO HAVE PICNIC TONIGHT
## 
### 
The program of the Stanford
Christian Association will be dis
cussed at a joint banquet and round
table discussion of the cabinet and
board, which will be held at the
home of J. E. McDowell in Los
Altos, at 6 o'clock this evening.
This meeting will be the last one
this year of the Board of Directors
and the new student cabinet, in
which have been combined the com
mission and older cabinet forms with
the purpose of strengthening the
organization and enabling it to ex
pand its program.
Included in the tentative program
are a six weeks' course on the life
and teachings of Christ, to be givsn
in the fall quarter, plans for musical
vespers, the publication of a weekly
news sheet, and proposal for a
greater degree of faculty participa
tion in the work of the Association.
The program of the Stanford
Christian Association will be dis
cussed at a joint banquet and round
table discussion of the cabinet and
board, which will be held at the
home of J. E. McDowell in Los
Altos, at 6 o'clock this evening.
This meeting will be the last one
this year of the Board of Directors
and the new student cabinet, in
which have been combined the com
mission and older cabinet forms with
the purpose of strengthening the
organization and enabling it to ex
pand its program.
Included in the tentative program
are a six weeks' course on the life
and teachings of Christ, to be givsn
in the fall quarter, plans for musical
vespers, the publication of a weekly
news sheet, and proposal for a
greater degree of faculty participa
tion in the work of the Association.
The program of the Stanford
Christian Association will be dis
cussed at a joint banquet and round
table discussion of the cabinet and
board, which will be held at the
home of J. E. McDowell in Los
Altos, at 6 o'clock this evening.
This meeting will be the last one
this year of the Board of Directors
and the new student cabinet, in
which have been combined the com
mission and older cabinet forms with
the purpose of strengthening the
organization and enabling it to ex
pand its program.
Included in the tentative program
are a six weeks' course on the life
and teachings of Christ, to be givsn
in the fall quarter, plans for musical
vespers, the publication of a weekly
news sheet, and proposal for a
greater degree of faculty participa
tion in the work of the Association.
The program of the Stanford
Christian Association will be dis
cussed at a joint banquet and round
table discussion of the cabinet and
board, which will be held at the
home of J. E. McDowell in Los
Altos, at 6 o'clock this evening.
This meeting will be the last one
this year of the Board of Directors
and the new student cabinet, in
which have been combined the com
mission and older cabinet forms with
the purpose of strengthening the
organization and enabling it to ex
pand its program.
Included in the tentative program
are a six weeks' course on the life
and teachings of Christ, to be givsn
in the fall quarter, plans for musical
vespers, the publication of a weekly
news sheet, and proposal for a
greater degree of faculty participa
tion in the work of the Association.
The program of the Stanford
Christian Association will be dis
cussed at a joint banquet and round
table discussion of the cabinet and
board, which will be held at the
home of J. E. McDowell in Los
Altos, at 6 o'clock this evening.
This meeting will be the last one
this year of the Board of Directors
and the new student cabinet, in
which have been combined the com
mission and older cabinet forms with
the purpose of strengthening the
organization and enabling it to ex
pand its program.
Included in the tentative program
are a six weeks' course on the life
and teachings of Christ, to be givsn
in the fall quarter, plans for musical
vespers, the publication of a weekly
news sheet, and proposal for a
greater degree of faculty participa
tion in the work of the Association.
The program of the Stanford
Christian Association will be dis
cussed at a joint banquet and round
table discussion of the cabinet and
board, which will be held at the
home of J. E. McDowell in Los
Altos, at 6 o'clock this evening.
This meeting will be the last one
this year of the Board of Directors
and the new student cabinet, in
which have been combined the com
mission and older cabinet forms with
the purpose of strengthening the
organization and enabling it to ex
pand its program.
Included in the tentative program
are a six weeks' course on the life
and teachings of Christ, to be givsn
in the fall quarter, plans for musical
vespers, the publication of a weekly
news sheet, and proposal for a
greater degree of faculty participa
tion in the work of the Association.
The program of the Stanford
Christian Association will be dis
cussed at a joint banquet and round
table discussion of the cabinet and
board, which will be held at the
home of J. E. McDowell in Los
Altos, at 6 o'clock this evening.
This meeting will be the last one
this year of the Board of Directors
and the new student cabinet, in
which have been combined the com
mission and older cabinet forms with
the purpose of strengthening the
organization and enabling it to ex
pand its program.
Included in the tentative program
are a six weeks' course on the life
and teachings of Christ, to be givsn
in the fall quarter, plans for musical
vespers, the publication of a weekly
news sheet, and proposal for a
greater degree of faculty participa
tion in the work of the Association.
The program of the Stanford
Christian Association will be dis
cussed at a joint banquet and round
table discussion of the cabinet and
board, which will be held at the
home of J. E. McDowell in Los
Altos, at 6 o'clock this evening.
This meeting will be the last one
this year of the Board of Directors
and the new student cabinet, in
which have been combined the com
mission and older cabinet forms with
the purpose of strengthening the
organization and enabling it to ex
pand its program.
Included in the tentative program
are a six weeks' course on the life
and teachings of Christ, to be givsn
in the fall quarter, plans for musical
vespers, the publication of a weekly
news sheet, and proposal for a
greater degree of faculty participa
tion in the work of the Association.
The program of the Stanford
Christian Association will be dis
cussed at a joint banquet and round
table discussion of the cabinet and
board, which will be held at the
home of J. E. McDowell in Los
Altos, at 6 o'clock this evening.
This meeting will be the last one
this year of the Board of Directors
and the new student cabinet, in
which have been combined the com
mission and older cabinet forms with
the purpose of strengthening the
organization and enabling it to ex
pand its program.
Included in the tentative program
are a six weeks' course on the life
and teachings of Christ, to be givsn
in the fall quarter, plans for musical
vespers, the publication of a weekly
news sheet, and proposal for a
greater degree of faculty participa
tion in the work of the Association.
The program of the Stanford
Christian Association will be dis
cussed at a joint banquet and round
table discussion of the cabinet and
board, which will be held at the
home of J. E. McDowell in Los
Altos, at 6 o'clock this evening.
This meeting will be the last one
this year of the Board of Directors
and the new student cabinet, in
which have been combined the com
mission and older cabinet forms with
the purpose of strengthening the
organization and enabling it to ex
pand its program.
Included in the tentative program
are a six weeks' course on the life
and teachings of Christ, to be givsn
in the fall quarter, plans for musical
vespers, the publication of a weekly
news sheet, and proposal for a
greater degree of faculty participa
tion in the work of the Association.
The program of the Stanford
Christian Association will be dis
cussed at a joint banquet and round
table discussion of the cabinet and
board, which will be held at the
home of J. E. McDowell in Los
Altos, at 6 o'clock this evening.
This meeting will be the last one
this year of the Board of Directors
and the new student cabinet, in
which have been combined the com
mission and older cabinet forms with
the purpose of strengthening the
organization and enabling it to ex
pand its program.
Included in the tentative program
are a six weeks' course on the life
and teachings of Christ, to be givsn
in the fall quarter, plans for musical
vespers, the publication of a weekly
news sheet, and proposal for a
greater degree of faculty participa
tion in the work of the Association.
The program of the Stanford
Christian Association will be dis
cussed at a joint banquet and round
table discussion of the cabinet and
board, which will be held at the
home of J. E. McDowell in Los
Altos, at 6 o'clock this evening.
This meeting will be the last one
this year of the Board of Directors
and the new student cabinet, in
which have been combined the com
mission and older cabinet forms with
the purpose of strengthening the
organization and enabling it to ex
pand its program.
Included in the tentative program
are a six weeks' course on the life
and teachings of Christ, to be givsn
in the fall quarter, plans for musical
vespers, the publication of a weekly
news sheet, and proposal for a
greater degree of faculty participa
tion in the work of the Association.
The program of the Stanford
Christian Association will be dis
cussed at a joint banquet and round
table discussion of the cabinet and
board, which will be held at the
home of J. E. McDowell in Los
Altos, at 6 o'clock this evening.
This meeting will be the last one
this year of the Board of Directors
and the new student cabinet, in
which have been combined the com
mission and older cabinet forms with
the purpose of strengthening the
organization and enabling it to ex
pand its program.
Included in the tentative program
are a six weeks' course on the life
and teachings of Christ, to be givsn
in the fall quarter, plans for musical
vespers, the publication of a weekly
news sheet, and proposal for a
greater degree of faculty participa
tion in the work of the Association.
The program of the Stanford
Christian Association will be dis
cussed at a joint banquet and round
table discussion of the cabinet and
board, which will be held at the
home of J. E. McDowell in Los
Altos, at 6 o'clock this evening.
This meeting will be the last one
this year of the Board of Directors
and the new student cabinet, in
which have been combined the com
mission and older cabinet forms with
the purpose of strengthening the
organization and enabling it to ex
pand its program.
Included in the tentative program
are a six weeks' course on the life
and teachings of Christ, to be givsn
in the fall quarter, plans for musical
vespers, the publication of a weekly
news sheet, and proposal for a
greater degree of faculty participa
tion in the work of the Association.
The program of the Stanford
Christian Association will be dis
cussed at a joint banquet and round
table discussion of the cabinet and
board, which will be held at the
home of J. E. McDowell in Los
Altos, at 6 o'clock this evening.
This meeting will be the last one
this year of the Board of Directors
and the new student cabinet, in
which have been combined the com
mission and older cabinet forms with
the purpose of strengthening the
organization and enabling it to ex
pand its program.
Included in the tentative program
are a six weeks' course on the life
and teachings of Christ, to be givsn
in the fall quarter, plans for musical
vespers, the publication of a weekly
news sheet, and proposal for a
greater degree of faculty participa
tion in the work of the Association.
