# VISITING STAR
## 
### 

Helen Mills Moody, who yesterday i
defeated Phil Ncer, here, and later ,
paired with Neer,'split two sets with
(he doubles team of (Jledhill and j
Easton. I
' • '

Helen Mills Moody, who yesterday i
defeated Phil Ncer, here, and later ,
paired with Neer,'split two sets with
(he doubles team of (Jledhill and j
Easton. I
' • '

Helen Mills Moody, who yesterday i
defeated Phil Ncer, here, and later ,
paired with Neer,'split two sets with
(he doubles team of (Jledhill and j
Easton. I
' • '

Helen Mills Moody, who yesterday i
defeated Phil Ncer, here, and later ,
paired with Neer,'split two sets with
(he doubles team of (Jledhill and j
Easton. I
' • '

Helen Mills Moody, who yesterday i
defeated Phil Ncer, here, and later ,
paired with Neer,'split two sets with
(he doubles team of (Jledhill and j
Easton. I
' • '

Helen Mills Moody, who yesterday i
defeated Phil Ncer, here, and later ,
paired with Neer,'split two sets with
(he doubles team of (Jledhill and j
Easton. I
' • '

Helen Mills Moody, who yesterday i
defeated Phil Ncer, here, and later ,
paired with Neer,'split two sets with
(he doubles team of (Jledhill and j
Easton. I
' • '

Helen Mills Moody, who yesterday i
defeated Phil Ncer, here, and later ,
paired with Neer,'split two sets with
(he doubles team of (Jledhill and j
Easton. I
' • '

Helen Mills Moody, who yesterday i
defeated Phil Ncer, here, and later ,
paired with Neer,'split two sets with
(he doubles team of (Jledhill and j
Easton. I
' • '

Helen Mills Moody, who yesterday i
defeated Phil Ncer, here, and later ,
paired with Neer,'split two sets with
(he doubles team of (Jledhill and j
Easton. I
' • '

Helen Mills Moody, who yesterday i
defeated Phil Ncer, here, and later ,
paired with Neer,'split two sets with
(he doubles team of (Jledhill and j
Easton. I
' • '

Helen Mills Moody, who yesterday i
defeated Phil Ncer, here, and later ,
paired with Neer,'split two sets with
(he doubles team of (Jledhill and j
Easton. I
' • '

Helen Mills Moody, who yesterday i
defeated Phil Ncer, here, and later ,
paired with Neer,'split two sets with
(he doubles team of (Jledhill and j
Easton. I
' • '

Helen Mills Moody, who yesterday i
defeated Phil Ncer, here, and later ,
paired with Neer,'split two sets with
(he doubles team of (Jledhill and j
Easton. I
' • '

Helen Mills Moody, who yesterday i
defeated Phil Ncer, here, and later ,
paired with Neer,'split two sets with
(he doubles team of (Jledhill and j
Easton. I
' • '
