# NEWS BRIEF
## Stanford MBA offers highest financial return 
### â€“ Brittany Torrez 
An MBA degree from the
Stanford University Gradu
ate School of Business (GSB)
offers the highest financial
returns nationwide, accord
ing to a report from Forbes.
The report found that GSB
graduates typically see a 5-
year MBA gain of $99,700, a
value that represents the re
turn on degree investment
five years after graduation.
The financial returns at
the University of Chicago's
Booth School of Business
and Harvard University are
$92,600 and $79,600, respec
tively. Forbes calculated
these numbers by taking into
account graduates' earnings
five years after graduation
and opportunity costs, in
cluding tuition costs and po
tential salary lost, foregone
in pursuit of the MBA.
GSB alumni now earn an
average of $221,000 five
years after graduation, com
pared to $205,000 two years
ago. Forbes also said that
typical GSB students al
ready earn an average of
$BO,OOO per year by the time
they enroll.
According to Forbes,
Stanford's business school
acts as "a feeder program to
coveted employment spots
like consultancies Bain,
Boston Consulting Group and
McKinsey, as well as tech gi
ants Apple and Google."
Forbes also notes that the
GSB is the most selective
business school in the U.S.,
accepting only seven percent
of applicants.
