# JUNIORS AND AUTHORS GIVEN SPECIAL QUADS
## 
### 
Junior class and author editions of
the 1923 Quad were distributed today.
The Junior copies were limited to 386,
while about 25 books were presented
to the Quad staff and tryoutees. All
the regular copies of the Quad have
been sold.
No attempt was made to make an
elaborate difference between the
Junior copy and the other books, but
it was intended that the former be
distinctive of the junior who bought
it. To do this a special page was
inserted on which was inscribed the
name of the purchaser. Each insert
bore a design handpainted in four
colors.
Junior class and author editions of
the 1923 Quad were distributed today.
The Junior copies were limited to 386,
while about 25 books were presented
to the Quad staff and tryoutees. All
the regular copies of the Quad have
been sold.
No attempt was made to make an
elaborate difference between the
Junior copy and the other books, but
it was intended that the former be
distinctive of the junior who bought
it. To do this a special page was
inserted on which was inscribed the
name of the purchaser. Each insert
bore a design handpainted in four
colors.
Junior class and author editions of
the 1923 Quad were distributed today.
The Junior copies were limited to 386,
while about 25 books were presented
to the Quad staff and tryoutees. All
the regular copies of the Quad have
been sold.
No attempt was made to make an
elaborate difference between the
Junior copy and the other books, but
it was intended that the former be
distinctive of the junior who bought
it. To do this a special page was
inserted on which was inscribed the
name of the purchaser. Each insert
bore a design handpainted in four
colors.
Junior class and author editions of
the 1923 Quad were distributed today.
The Junior copies were limited to 386,
while about 25 books were presented
to the Quad staff and tryoutees. All
the regular copies of the Quad have
been sold.
No attempt was made to make an
elaborate difference between the
Junior copy and the other books, but
it was intended that the former be
distinctive of the junior who bought
it. To do this a special page was
inserted on which was inscribed the
name of the purchaser. Each insert
bore a design handpainted in four
colors.
Junior class and author editions of
the 1923 Quad were distributed today.
The Junior copies were limited to 386,
while about 25 books were presented
to the Quad staff and tryoutees. All
the regular copies of the Quad have
been sold.
No attempt was made to make an
elaborate difference between the
Junior copy and the other books, but
it was intended that the former be
distinctive of the junior who bought
it. To do this a special page was
inserted on which was inscribed the
name of the purchaser. Each insert
bore a design handpainted in four
colors.
Junior class and author editions of
the 1923 Quad were distributed today.
The Junior copies were limited to 386,
while about 25 books were presented
to the Quad staff and tryoutees. All
the regular copies of the Quad have
been sold.
No attempt was made to make an
elaborate difference between the
Junior copy and the other books, but
it was intended that the former be
distinctive of the junior who bought
it. To do this a special page was
inserted on which was inscribed the
name of the purchaser. Each insert
bore a design handpainted in four
colors.
Junior class and author editions of
the 1923 Quad were distributed today.
The Junior copies were limited to 386,
while about 25 books were presented
to the Quad staff and tryoutees. All
the regular copies of the Quad have
been sold.
No attempt was made to make an
elaborate difference between the
Junior copy and the other books, but
it was intended that the former be
distinctive of the junior who bought
it. To do this a special page was
inserted on which was inscribed the
name of the purchaser. Each insert
bore a design handpainted in four
colors.
Junior class and author editions of
the 1923 Quad were distributed today.
The Junior copies were limited to 386,
while about 25 books were presented
to the Quad staff and tryoutees. All
the regular copies of the Quad have
been sold.
No attempt was made to make an
elaborate difference between the
Junior copy and the other books, but
it was intended that the former be
distinctive of the junior who bought
it. To do this a special page was
inserted on which was inscribed the
name of the purchaser. Each insert
bore a design handpainted in four
colors.
Junior class and author editions of
the 1923 Quad were distributed today.
The Junior copies were limited to 386,
while about 25 books were presented
to the Quad staff and tryoutees. All
the regular copies of the Quad have
been sold.
No attempt was made to make an
elaborate difference between the
Junior copy and the other books, but
it was intended that the former be
distinctive of the junior who bought
it. To do this a special page was
inserted on which was inscribed the
name of the purchaser. Each insert
bore a design handpainted in four
colors.
Junior class and author editions of
the 1923 Quad were distributed today.
The Junior copies were limited to 386,
while about 25 books were presented
to the Quad staff and tryoutees. All
the regular copies of the Quad have
been sold.
No attempt was made to make an
elaborate difference between the
Junior copy and the other books, but
it was intended that the former be
distinctive of the junior who bought
it. To do this a special page was
inserted on which was inscribed the
name of the purchaser. Each insert
bore a design handpainted in four
colors.
Junior class and author editions of
the 1923 Quad were distributed today.
The Junior copies were limited to 386,
while about 25 books were presented
to the Quad staff and tryoutees. All
the regular copies of the Quad have
been sold.
No attempt was made to make an
elaborate difference between the
Junior copy and the other books, but
it was intended that the former be
distinctive of the junior who bought
it. To do this a special page was
inserted on which was inscribed the
name of the purchaser. Each insert
bore a design handpainted in four
colors.
Junior class and author editions of
the 1923 Quad were distributed today.
The Junior copies were limited to 386,
while about 25 books were presented
to the Quad staff and tryoutees. All
the regular copies of the Quad have
been sold.
No attempt was made to make an
elaborate difference between the
Junior copy and the other books, but
it was intended that the former be
distinctive of the junior who bought
it. To do this a special page was
inserted on which was inscribed the
name of the purchaser. Each insert
bore a design handpainted in four
colors.
Junior class and author editions of
the 1923 Quad were distributed today.
The Junior copies were limited to 386,
while about 25 books were presented
to the Quad staff and tryoutees. All
the regular copies of the Quad have
been sold.
No attempt was made to make an
elaborate difference between the
Junior copy and the other books, but
it was intended that the former be
distinctive of the junior who bought
it. To do this a special page was
inserted on which was inscribed the
name of the purchaser. Each insert
bore a design handpainted in four
colors.
Junior class and author editions of
the 1923 Quad were distributed today.
The Junior copies were limited to 386,
while about 25 books were presented
to the Quad staff and tryoutees. All
the regular copies of the Quad have
been sold.
No attempt was made to make an
elaborate difference between the
Junior copy and the other books, but
it was intended that the former be
distinctive of the junior who bought
it. To do this a special page was
inserted on which was inscribed the
name of the purchaser. Each insert
bore a design handpainted in four
colors.
