# Untitled Article
## 
### 
An increase of from ten to thirty
per cent in student fees has been
voted by the regents of the Univer
sity of Nebraska.
An increase of from ten to thirty
per cent in student fees has been
voted by the regents of the Univer
sity of Nebraska.
An increase of from ten to thirty
per cent in student fees has been
voted by the regents of the Univer
sity of Nebraska.
An increase of from ten to thirty
per cent in student fees has been
voted by the regents of the Univer
sity of Nebraska.
An increase of from ten to thirty
per cent in student fees has been
voted by the regents of the Univer
sity of Nebraska.
An increase of from ten to thirty
per cent in student fees has been
voted by the regents of the Univer
sity of Nebraska.
An increase of from ten to thirty
per cent in student fees has been
voted by the regents of the Univer
sity of Nebraska.
An increase of from ten to thirty
per cent in student fees has been
voted by the regents of the Univer
sity of Nebraska.
An increase of from ten to thirty
per cent in student fees has been
voted by the regents of the Univer
sity of Nebraska.
An increase of from ten to thirty
per cent in student fees has been
voted by the regents of the Univer
sity of Nebraska.
An increase of from ten to thirty
per cent in student fees has been
voted by the regents of the Univer
sity of Nebraska.
An increase of from ten to thirty
per cent in student fees has been
voted by the regents of the Univer
sity of Nebraska.
An increase of from ten to thirty
per cent in student fees has been
voted by the regents of the Univer
sity of Nebraska.
An increase of from ten to thirty
per cent in student fees has been
voted by the regents of the Univer
sity of Nebraska.
An increase of from ten to thirty
per cent in student fees has been
voted by the regents of the Univer
sity of Nebraska.
An increase of from ten to thirty
per cent in student fees has been
voted by the regents of the Univer
sity of Nebraska.
