# Crossword
## 
### 
Edited by Eugene T. Maleska

ACROSS
1 Tibet s capital
6 Stowe girl
9 Was in hock
13 Of royal courts
14 Skidded
15 Prod
16NYC TV
weatherman
18 Buster Brown s
dog
19 Cheapest sea
fare
20 Antonym for
before
21 — my
brother s
keeper 7'
22 Soused

23 Stun with noise
28 Act the ham
30 Showery month
31 On the briny
32 Tibetan monk
36 Examines anew
38 Smeared
40 Boat-bottom
timber
41 Hayworthor
Moreno
43 Twilled fabric
44 N V C mayor
1 784-89
46 Bog
47 Furious
49 Twice XXVIII
51 Act lovey dovey
52 Strolling. Gallic
style

57 Volcano juice 7
58 Tunefu' birds
60 Spoken
61 Monster
62 Wordless
comedians
63 Paris seasons
64 Ar follower
65 Tribute
playwright
DOWN
1 Vegas
2 Humble abodes
3 "Thanks
4 Father
5 Peak
6 Doleful songs or
poems
7 Distasteful
8 Put two and two
together
9 Joe DiMaggio
was one
10 Take pen in hand
11 Incited, with "on"
12 Range player
14 Anna s king s
milieu
17 Converser with
Kukla and Ollie
20 I mkletter or
Carney
22 Beer topper
23 Without light

24 Rapier having a
guard
25 Johnson of
Laugh-In"
26 Gridiron
three pointers
27 Followers of
kays
29 Tableland
31 A Able
33 Pearl Mosque
site

34 Alcott heroine et
al
35 Soft drinks
37 Waiter s burden
39 Service org
42 Bank workers
45 Container for a
plant
46 Matter
conqueror
47 Separated
48 Ephemeraily
brilliant stars

5 of tears
51 gin fizz
52 Trees of the
mulberry family
53 End of anO Neill
title
54 Rant
55 La Douce
56 Made do
58 Goliath, to David
59 Reno-to-Carson
City dir


Edited by Eugene T. Maleska

ACROSS
1 Tibet s capital
6 Stowe girl
9 Was in hock
13 Of royal courts
14 Skidded
15 Prod
16NYC TV
weatherman
18 Buster Brown s
dog
19 Cheapest sea
fare
20 Antonym for
before
21 — my
brother s
keeper 7'
22 Soused

23 Stun with noise
28 Act the ham
30 Showery month
31 On the briny
32 Tibetan monk
36 Examines anew
38 Smeared
40 Boat-bottom
timber
41 Hayworthor
Moreno
43 Twilled fabric
44 N V C mayor
1 784-89
46 Bog
47 Furious
49 Twice XXVIII
51 Act lovey dovey
52 Strolling. Gallic
style

57 Volcano juice 7
58 Tunefu' birds
60 Spoken
61 Monster
62 Wordless
comedians
63 Paris seasons
64 Ar follower
65 Tribute
playwright
DOWN
1 Vegas
2 Humble abodes
3 "Thanks
4 Father
5 Peak
6 Doleful songs or
poems
7 Distasteful
8 Put two and two
together
9 Joe DiMaggio
was one
10 Take pen in hand
11 Incited, with "on"
12 Range player
14 Anna s king s
milieu
17 Converser with
Kukla and Ollie
20 I mkletter or
Carney
22 Beer topper
23 Without light

24 Rapier having a
guard
25 Johnson of
Laugh-In"
26 Gridiron
three pointers
27 Followers of
kays
29 Tableland
31 A Able
33 Pearl Mosque
site

34 Alcott heroine et
al
35 Soft drinks
37 Waiter s burden
39 Service org
42 Bank workers
45 Container for a
plant
46 Matter
conqueror
47 Separated
48 Ephemeraily
brilliant stars

5 of tears
51 gin fizz
52 Trees of the
mulberry family
53 End of anO Neill
title
54 Rant
55 La Douce
56 Made do
58 Goliath, to David
59 Reno-to-Carson
City dir


Edited by Eugene T. Maleska

ACROSS
1 Tibet s capital
6 Stowe girl
9 Was in hock
13 Of royal courts
14 Skidded
15 Prod
16NYC TV
weatherman
18 Buster Brown s
dog
19 Cheapest sea
fare
20 Antonym for
before
21 — my
brother s
keeper 7'
22 Soused

23 Stun with noise
28 Act the ham
30 Showery month
31 On the briny
32 Tibetan monk
36 Examines anew
38 Smeared
40 Boat-bottom
timber
41 Hayworthor
Moreno
43 Twilled fabric
44 N V C mayor
1 784-89
46 Bog
47 Furious
49 Twice XXVIII
51 Act lovey dovey
52 Strolling. Gallic
style

57 Volcano juice 7
58 Tunefu' birds
60 Spoken
61 Monster
62 Wordless
comedians
63 Paris seasons
64 Ar follower
65 Tribute
playwright
DOWN
1 Vegas
2 Humble abodes
3 "Thanks
4 Father
5 Peak
6 Doleful songs or
poems
7 Distasteful
8 Put two and two
together
9 Joe DiMaggio
was one
10 Take pen in hand
11 Incited, with "on"
12 Range player
14 Anna s king s
milieu
17 Converser with
Kukla and Ollie
20 I mkletter or
Carney
22 Beer topper
23 Without light

24 Rapier having a
guard
25 Johnson of
Laugh-In"
26 Gridiron
three pointers
27 Followers of
kays
29 Tableland
31 A Able
33 Pearl Mosque
site

34 Alcott heroine et
al
35 Soft drinks
37 Waiter s burden
39 Service org
42 Bank workers
45 Container for a
plant
46 Matter
conqueror
47 Separated
48 Ephemeraily
brilliant stars

5 of tears
51 gin fizz
52 Trees of the
mulberry family
53 End of anO Neill
title
54 Rant
55 La Douce
56 Made do
58 Goliath, to David
59 Reno-to-Carson
City dir


Edited by Eugene T. Maleska

ACROSS
1 Tibet s capital
6 Stowe girl
9 Was in hock
13 Of royal courts
14 Skidded
15 Prod
16NYC TV
weatherman
18 Buster Brown s
dog
19 Cheapest sea
fare
20 Antonym for
before
21 — my
brother s
keeper 7'
22 Soused

23 Stun with noise
28 Act the ham
30 Showery month
31 On the briny
32 Tibetan monk
36 Examines anew
38 Smeared
40 Boat-bottom
timber
41 Hayworthor
Moreno
43 Twilled fabric
44 N V C mayor
1 784-89
46 Bog
47 Furious
49 Twice XXVIII
51 Act lovey dovey
52 Strolling. Gallic
style

57 Volcano juice 7
58 Tunefu' birds
60 Spoken
61 Monster
62 Wordless
comedians
63 Paris seasons
64 Ar follower
65 Tribute
playwright
DOWN
1 Vegas
2 Humble abodes
3 "Thanks
4 Father
5 Peak
6 Doleful songs or
poems
7 Distasteful
8 Put two and two
together
9 Joe DiMaggio
was one
10 Take pen in hand
11 Incited, with "on"
12 Range player
14 Anna s king s
milieu
17 Converser with
Kukla and Ollie
20 I mkletter or
Carney
22 Beer topper
23 Without light

24 Rapier having a
guard
25 Johnson of
Laugh-In"
26 Gridiron
three pointers
27 Followers of
kays
29 Tableland
31 A Able
33 Pearl Mosque
site

34 Alcott heroine et
al
35 Soft drinks
37 Waiter s burden
39 Service org
42 Bank workers
45 Container for a
plant
46 Matter
conqueror
47 Separated
48 Ephemeraily
brilliant stars

5 of tears
51 gin fizz
52 Trees of the
mulberry family
53 End of anO Neill
title
54 Rant
55 La Douce
56 Made do
58 Goliath, to David
59 Reno-to-Carson
City dir


Edited by Eugene T. Maleska

ACROSS
1 Tibet s capital
6 Stowe girl
9 Was in hock
13 Of royal courts
14 Skidded
15 Prod
16NYC TV
weatherman
18 Buster Brown s
dog
19 Cheapest sea
fare
20 Antonym for
before
21 — my
brother s
keeper 7'
22 Soused

23 Stun with noise
28 Act the ham
30 Showery month
31 On the briny
32 Tibetan monk
36 Examines anew
38 Smeared
40 Boat-bottom
timber
41 Hayworthor
Moreno
43 Twilled fabric
44 N V C mayor
1 784-89
46 Bog
47 Furious
49 Twice XXVIII
51 Act lovey dovey
52 Strolling. Gallic
style

57 Volcano juice 7
58 Tunefu' birds
60 Spoken
61 Monster
62 Wordless
comedians
63 Paris seasons
64 Ar follower
65 Tribute
playwright
DOWN
1 Vegas
2 Humble abodes
3 "Thanks
4 Father
5 Peak
6 Doleful songs or
poems
7 Distasteful
8 Put two and two
together
9 Joe DiMaggio
was one
10 Take pen in hand
11 Incited, with "on"
12 Range player
14 Anna s king s
milieu
17 Converser with
Kukla and Ollie
20 I mkletter or
Carney
22 Beer topper
23 Without light

24 Rapier having a
guard
25 Johnson of
Laugh-In"
26 Gridiron
three pointers
27 Followers of
kays
29 Tableland
31 A Able
33 Pearl Mosque
site

34 Alcott heroine et
al
35 Soft drinks
37 Waiter s burden
39 Service org
42 Bank workers
45 Container for a
plant
46 Matter
conqueror
47 Separated
48 Ephemeraily
brilliant stars

5 of tears
51 gin fizz
52 Trees of the
mulberry family
53 End of anO Neill
title
54 Rant
55 La Douce
56 Made do
58 Goliath, to David
59 Reno-to-Carson
City dir


Edited by Eugene T. Maleska

ACROSS
1 Tibet s capital
6 Stowe girl
9 Was in hock
13 Of royal courts
14 Skidded
15 Prod
16NYC TV
weatherman
18 Buster Brown s
dog
19 Cheapest sea
fare
20 Antonym for
before
21 — my
brother s
keeper 7'
22 Soused

23 Stun with noise
28 Act the ham
30 Showery month
31 On the briny
32 Tibetan monk
36 Examines anew
38 Smeared
40 Boat-bottom
timber
41 Hayworthor
Moreno
43 Twilled fabric
44 N V C mayor
1 784-89
46 Bog
47 Furious
49 Twice XXVIII
51 Act lovey dovey
52 Strolling. Gallic
style

57 Volcano juice 7
58 Tunefu' birds
60 Spoken
61 Monster
62 Wordless
comedians
63 Paris seasons
64 Ar follower
65 Tribute
playwright
DOWN
1 Vegas
2 Humble abodes
3 "Thanks
4 Father
5 Peak
6 Doleful songs or
poems
7 Distasteful
8 Put two and two
together
9 Joe DiMaggio
was one
10 Take pen in hand
11 Incited, with "on"
12 Range player
14 Anna s king s
milieu
17 Converser with
Kukla and Ollie
20 I mkletter or
Carney
22 Beer topper
23 Without light

24 Rapier having a
guard
25 Johnson of
Laugh-In"
26 Gridiron
three pointers
27 Followers of
kays
29 Tableland
31 A Able
33 Pearl Mosque
site

34 Alcott heroine et
al
35 Soft drinks
37 Waiter s burden
39 Service org
42 Bank workers
45 Container for a
plant
46 Matter
conqueror
47 Separated
48 Ephemeraily
brilliant stars

5 of tears
51 gin fizz
52 Trees of the
mulberry family
53 End of anO Neill
title
54 Rant
55 La Douce
56 Made do
58 Goliath, to David
59 Reno-to-Carson
City dir


Edited by Eugene T. Maleska

ACROSS
1 Tibet s capital
6 Stowe girl
9 Was in hock
13 Of royal courts
14 Skidded
15 Prod
16NYC TV
weatherman
18 Buster Brown s
dog
19 Cheapest sea
fare
20 Antonym for
before
21 — my
brother s
keeper 7'
22 Soused

23 Stun with noise
28 Act the ham
30 Showery month
31 On the briny
32 Tibetan monk
36 Examines anew
38 Smeared
40 Boat-bottom
timber
41 Hayworthor
Moreno
43 Twilled fabric
44 N V C mayor
1 784-89
46 Bog
47 Furious
49 Twice XXVIII
51 Act lovey dovey
52 Strolling. Gallic
style

57 Volcano juice 7
58 Tunefu' birds
60 Spoken
61 Monster
62 Wordless
comedians
63 Paris seasons
64 Ar follower
65 Tribute
playwright
DOWN
1 Vegas
2 Humble abodes
3 "Thanks
4 Father
5 Peak
6 Doleful songs or
poems
7 Distasteful
8 Put two and two
together
9 Joe DiMaggio
was one
10 Take pen in hand
11 Incited, with "on"
12 Range player
14 Anna s king s
milieu
17 Converser with
Kukla and Ollie
20 I mkletter or
Carney
22 Beer topper
23 Without light

24 Rapier having a
guard
25 Johnson of
Laugh-In"
26 Gridiron
three pointers
27 Followers of
kays
29 Tableland
31 A Able
33 Pearl Mosque
site

34 Alcott heroine et
al
35 Soft drinks
37 Waiter s burden
39 Service org
42 Bank workers
45 Container for a
plant
46 Matter
conqueror
47 Separated
48 Ephemeraily
brilliant stars

5 of tears
51 gin fizz
52 Trees of the
mulberry family
53 End of anO Neill
title
54 Rant
55 La Douce
56 Made do
58 Goliath, to David
59 Reno-to-Carson
City dir


Edited by Eugene T. Maleska

ACROSS
1 Tibet s capital
6 Stowe girl
9 Was in hock
13 Of royal courts
14 Skidded
15 Prod
16NYC TV
weatherman
18 Buster Brown s
dog
19 Cheapest sea
fare
20 Antonym for
before
21 — my
brother s
keeper 7'
22 Soused

23 Stun with noise
28 Act the ham
30 Showery month
31 On the briny
32 Tibetan monk
36 Examines anew
38 Smeared
40 Boat-bottom
timber
41 Hayworthor
Moreno
43 Twilled fabric
44 N V C mayor
1 784-89
46 Bog
47 Furious
49 Twice XXVIII
51 Act lovey dovey
52 Strolling. Gallic
style

57 Volcano juice 7
58 Tunefu' birds
60 Spoken
61 Monster
62 Wordless
comedians
63 Paris seasons
64 Ar follower
65 Tribute
playwright
DOWN
1 Vegas
2 Humble abodes
3 "Thanks
4 Father
5 Peak
6 Doleful songs or
poems
7 Distasteful
8 Put two and two
together
9 Joe DiMaggio
was one
10 Take pen in hand
11 Incited, with "on"
12 Range player
14 Anna s king s
milieu
17 Converser with
Kukla and Ollie
20 I mkletter or
Carney
22 Beer topper
23 Without light

24 Rapier having a
guard
25 Johnson of
Laugh-In"
26 Gridiron
three pointers
27 Followers of
kays
29 Tableland
31 A Able
33 Pearl Mosque
site

34 Alcott heroine et
al
35 Soft drinks
37 Waiter s burden
39 Service org
42 Bank workers
45 Container for a
plant
46 Matter
conqueror
47 Separated
48 Ephemeraily
brilliant stars

5 of tears
51 gin fizz
52 Trees of the
mulberry family
53 End of anO Neill
title
54 Rant
55 La Douce
56 Made do
58 Goliath, to David
59 Reno-to-Carson
City dir


