# Features
## This week in Stanford history 
### 
May 10, 1972
The Stanford Daily
Protests against the U.S.
Navy's plans to mine ship
ping lanes around seven
North Vietnamese harbors
erupted into violence on col
lege campuses throughout
the country, including Stan
ford.
Students occupied Old Un
ion for five hours, taking
furniture outside to form a
barricade on all sides of
White Plaza. An estimated
200 rock-throwing students
battled police throughout
the night.
Arson completely
destroyed a Stanford police
patrol car, and a Molotov
cocktail was thrown at the
Bookstore. Police reported
16 separate arson attempts.
Officers from Santa Clara
County, San Jose and Palo
Alto staffed a contingent of
110 officers on campus for
the protests. They arrested
nine people, including six
Stanford students in connec
tion with the disturbances.
Students and police alter
nately retreated and ad
vanced as they confronted
each other at various points
on campus.
In one instance, police
chased students who had
thrown rocks at them into
Meyer Library. The police
reportedly told students on
the stairway, "Get out of our
way or we'll bash your teeth
in."
May 10, 1972
The Stanford Daily
Protests against the U.S.
Navy's plans to mine ship
ping lanes around seven
North Vietnamese harbors
erupted into violence on col
lege campuses throughout
the country, including Stan
ford.
Students occupied Old Un
ion for five hours, taking
furniture outside to form a
barricade on all sides of
White Plaza. An estimated
200 rock-throwing students
battled police throughout
the night.
Arson completely
destroyed a Stanford police
patrol car, and a Molotov
cocktail was thrown at the
Bookstore. Police reported
16 separate arson attempts.
Officers from Santa Clara
County, San Jose and Palo
Alto staffed a contingent of
110 officers on campus for
the protests. They arrested
nine people, including six
Stanford students in connec
tion with the disturbances.
Students and police alter
nately retreated and ad
vanced as they confronted
each other at various points
on campus.
In one instance, police
chased students who had
thrown rocks at them into
Meyer Library. The police
reportedly told students on
the stairway, "Get out of our
way or we'll bash your teeth
in."
May 10, 1972
The Stanford Daily
Protests against the U.S.
Navy's plans to mine ship
ping lanes around seven
North Vietnamese harbors
erupted into violence on col
lege campuses throughout
the country, including Stan
ford.
Students occupied Old Un
ion for five hours, taking
furniture outside to form a
barricade on all sides of
White Plaza. An estimated
200 rock-throwing students
battled police throughout
the night.
Arson completely
destroyed a Stanford police
patrol car, and a Molotov
cocktail was thrown at the
Bookstore. Police reported
16 separate arson attempts.
Officers from Santa Clara
County, San Jose and Palo
Alto staffed a contingent of
110 officers on campus for
the protests. They arrested
nine people, including six
Stanford students in connec
tion with the disturbances.
Students and police alter
nately retreated and ad
vanced as they confronted
each other at various points
on campus.
In one instance, police
chased students who had
thrown rocks at them into
Meyer Library. The police
reportedly told students on
the stairway, "Get out of our
way or we'll bash your teeth
in."
May 10, 1972
The Stanford Daily
Protests against the U.S.
Navy's plans to mine ship
ping lanes around seven
North Vietnamese harbors
erupted into violence on col
lege campuses throughout
the country, including Stan
ford.
Students occupied Old Un
ion for five hours, taking
furniture outside to form a
barricade on all sides of
White Plaza. An estimated
200 rock-throwing students
battled police throughout
the night.
Arson completely
destroyed a Stanford police
patrol car, and a Molotov
cocktail was thrown at the
Bookstore. Police reported
16 separate arson attempts.
Officers from Santa Clara
County, San Jose and Palo
Alto staffed a contingent of
110 officers on campus for
the protests. They arrested
nine people, including six
Stanford students in connec
tion with the disturbances.
Students and police alter
nately retreated and ad
vanced as they confronted
each other at various points
on campus.
In one instance, police
chased students who had
thrown rocks at them into
Meyer Library. The police
reportedly told students on
the stairway, "Get out of our
way or we'll bash your teeth
in."
May 10, 1972
The Stanford Daily
Protests against the U.S.
Navy's plans to mine ship
ping lanes around seven
North Vietnamese harbors
erupted into violence on col
lege campuses throughout
the country, including Stan
ford.
Students occupied Old Un
ion for five hours, taking
furniture outside to form a
barricade on all sides of
White Plaza. An estimated
200 rock-throwing students
battled police throughout
the night.
Arson completely
destroyed a Stanford police
patrol car, and a Molotov
cocktail was thrown at the
Bookstore. Police reported
16 separate arson attempts.
Officers from Santa Clara
County, San Jose and Palo
Alto staffed a contingent of
110 officers on campus for
the protests. They arrested
nine people, including six
Stanford students in connec
tion with the disturbances.
Students and police alter
nately retreated and ad
vanced as they confronted
each other at various points
on campus.
In one instance, police
chased students who had
thrown rocks at them into
Meyer Library. The police
reportedly told students on
the stairway, "Get out of our
way or we'll bash your teeth
in."
May 10, 1972
The Stanford Daily
Protests against the U.S.
Navy's plans to mine ship
ping lanes around seven
North Vietnamese harbors
erupted into violence on col
lege campuses throughout
the country, including Stan
ford.
Students occupied Old Un
ion for five hours, taking
furniture outside to form a
barricade on all sides of
White Plaza. An estimated
200 rock-throwing students
battled police throughout
the night.
Arson completely
destroyed a Stanford police
patrol car, and a Molotov
cocktail was thrown at the
Bookstore. Police reported
16 separate arson attempts.
Officers from Santa Clara
County, San Jose and Palo
Alto staffed a contingent of
110 officers on campus for
the protests. They arrested
nine people, including six
Stanford students in connec
tion with the disturbances.
Students and police alter
nately retreated and ad
vanced as they confronted
each other at various points
on campus.
In one instance, police
chased students who had
thrown rocks at them into
Meyer Library. The police
reportedly told students on
the stairway, "Get out of our
way or we'll bash your teeth
in."
May 10, 1972
The Stanford Daily
Protests against the U.S.
Navy's plans to mine ship
ping lanes around seven
North Vietnamese harbors
erupted into violence on col
lege campuses throughout
the country, including Stan
ford.
Students occupied Old Un
ion for five hours, taking
furniture outside to form a
barricade on all sides of
White Plaza. An estimated
200 rock-throwing students
battled police throughout
the night.
Arson completely
destroyed a Stanford police
patrol car, and a Molotov
cocktail was thrown at the
Bookstore. Police reported
16 separate arson attempts.
Officers from Santa Clara
County, San Jose and Palo
Alto staffed a contingent of
110 officers on campus for
the protests. They arrested
nine people, including six
Stanford students in connec
tion with the disturbances.
Students and police alter
nately retreated and ad
vanced as they confronted
each other at various points
on campus.
In one instance, police
chased students who had
thrown rocks at them into
Meyer Library. The police
reportedly told students on
the stairway, "Get out of our
way or we'll bash your teeth
in."
May 10, 1972
The Stanford Daily
Protests against the U.S.
Navy's plans to mine ship
ping lanes around seven
North Vietnamese harbors
erupted into violence on col
lege campuses throughout
the country, including Stan
ford.
Students occupied Old Un
ion for five hours, taking
furniture outside to form a
barricade on all sides of
White Plaza. An estimated
200 rock-throwing students
battled police throughout
the night.
Arson completely
destroyed a Stanford police
patrol car, and a Molotov
cocktail was thrown at the
Bookstore. Police reported
16 separate arson attempts.
Officers from Santa Clara
County, San Jose and Palo
Alto staffed a contingent of
110 officers on campus for
the protests. They arrested
nine people, including six
Stanford students in connec
tion with the disturbances.
Students and police alter
nately retreated and ad
vanced as they confronted
each other at various points
on campus.
In one instance, police
chased students who had
thrown rocks at them into
Meyer Library. The police
reportedly told students on
the stairway, "Get out of our
way or we'll bash your teeth
in."
