# Letters to the Editor
## 
### 
Restored faith
I'd like to thank Alex Alben
for restoring at least some of
my faith in the theory that man
is a rational animal. The re
eently intensified Cold War
ideology of more than 20 years
ago seems quite beyond re
ckoning, if only because we've
been through it all before.
The examples cited by
Alben in his column (Daily, |an.
18) are just a sampling of the
re-emergent irrationality.
Another chilling case in point
was seen in the Wall Street
Journal Jan. 17. More than half
of the editorial space, includ
ing the lead editorial, was de
voted to discussion of SALT II
and arms strategy in general.
Discussion of such projects
as the B-1 bomber, the MX mis
sile, and the Trident submarine
as compared to similar Soviet
projects brings back haunting
memories of flirtation with
nuclear holocaust in the early
'60s.
The air of absurdity truly be
comes overwhelming in the
second editorial which talked
of sums between $20 and $30
billion to protect our under
ground ICBM silos.
If such editorializing from a
highly respectable, albeit con
servative, publication is any
indication of the true pulse of
this nation, then perhaps it is
time we stepped back and took
an objective look at reality and
priorities. Hopefully, colum

nists like Alex Alben will main
tain their rational points of
view and eventually restore
ours.
Todd Harris
Sophomore
Political Science
Unhealthy laughter
Chuck Karish (Daily, Jan. 18)
has got to be kidding. Does he
mean to say that rape (sexual
fantasy or no) is a parody of
sexuality? Then surely he is
kidding — or he is sorely misin
formed.
Only in the very recent past
has the so-called "orthodox
feminist dogma" begun to de
fine rape as something neither
funny nor harmless. It is time
males like Karish stopped treat
ing rape as a joke. Rape is not
something to laugh about.
(Neither was the Holocaust!
And you don't hear people
going around cracking oven
jokes!) I wonder if Karish con
siders the rapes committed
against men in prison to be
humorous!
The word rape conjures up
such fantasies as excessive and
brutal force, the domination,
subjugation and humiliation of
another human being, be they
male or female. That sort of
fantasy is incredibly narcissistic
and egocentric, and, while fan
tasies are seldom punishable,
the fact and act of rape is
neither fantasy nor funny. It is
painful!
You simply don't laugh at
pain — especially other
people's.
I believe Karish knows not of
what he speaks as rape affects
him only indirectly (unless he
has been unfortunate enough
to do time in Santa Rita). I
suggest Karish quit tomplain
ing about losing rape as the
butt of his jokes and start find
ing something a little more
healthy to laugh about.
Kristine Dean
Gabrielle Daniels
R.idioscience Laboratory
Callous statement
In a column (Daily, Jan. 17),
Lise Giraud cites with approval
the view that "the shah has
done some things that would
make Hitler seem like Mary
Poppins." Unfortunately, this
sort of rhetoric and "argu
ment" is pervasive in her
piece. No conceivable horrors
make or ever could make Hi
tler's actions "seem like Mary
Poppins." Certainly nothing
that has actually happened, in
Iran or anyplace else, could
possibly justify such a mind
less, callous statement.
Robert Packenham
Associate Professor
Political Science
Restored faith
I'd like to thank Alex Alben
for restoring at least some of
my faith in the theory that man
is a rational animal. The re
eently intensified Cold War
ideology of more than 20 years
ago seems quite beyond re
ckoning, if only because we've
been through it all before.
The examples cited by
Alben in his column (Daily, |an.
18) are just a sampling of the
re-emergent irrationality.
Another chilling case in point
was seen in the Wall Street
Journal Jan. 17. More than half
of the editorial space, includ
ing the lead editorial, was de
voted to discussion of SALT II
and arms strategy in general.
Discussion of such projects
as the B-1 bomber, the MX mis
sile, and the Trident submarine
as compared to similar Soviet
projects brings back haunting
memories of flirtation with
nuclear holocaust in the early
'60s.
The air of absurdity truly be
comes overwhelming in the
second editorial which talked
of sums between $20 and $30
billion to protect our under
ground ICBM silos.
If such editorializing from a
highly respectable, albeit con
servative, publication is any
indication of the true pulse of
this nation, then perhaps it is
time we stepped back and took
an objective look at reality and
priorities. Hopefully, colum

nists like Alex Alben will main
tain their rational points of
view and eventually restore
ours.
Todd Harris
Sophomore
Political Science
Unhealthy laughter
Chuck Karish (Daily, Jan. 18)
has got to be kidding. Does he
mean to say that rape (sexual
fantasy or no) is a parody of
sexuality? Then surely he is
kidding — or he is sorely misin
formed.
Only in the very recent past
has the so-called "orthodox
feminist dogma" begun to de
fine rape as something neither
funny nor harmless. It is time
males like Karish stopped treat
ing rape as a joke. Rape is not
something to laugh about.
(Neither was the Holocaust!
And you don't hear people
going around cracking oven
jokes!) I wonder if Karish con
siders the rapes committed
against men in prison to be
humorous!
The word rape conjures up
such fantasies as excessive and
brutal force, the domination,
subjugation and humiliation of
another human being, be they
male or female. That sort of
fantasy is incredibly narcissistic
and egocentric, and, while fan
tasies are seldom punishable,
the fact and act of rape is
neither fantasy nor funny. It is
painful!
You simply don't laugh at
pain — especially other
people's.
I believe Karish knows not of
what he speaks as rape affects
him only indirectly (unless he
has been unfortunate enough
to do time in Santa Rita). I
suggest Karish quit tomplain
ing about losing rape as the
butt of his jokes and start find
ing something a little more
healthy to laugh about.
Kristine Dean
Gabrielle Daniels
R.idioscience Laboratory
Callous statement
In a column (Daily, Jan. 17),
Lise Giraud cites with approval
the view that "the shah has
done some things that would
make Hitler seem like Mary
Poppins." Unfortunately, this
sort of rhetoric and "argu
ment" is pervasive in her
piece. No conceivable horrors
make or ever could make Hi
tler's actions "seem like Mary
Poppins." Certainly nothing
that has actually happened, in
Iran or anyplace else, could
possibly justify such a mind
less, callous statement.
Robert Packenham
Associate Professor
Political Science
Restored faith
I'd like to thank Alex Alben
for restoring at least some of
my faith in the theory that man
is a rational animal. The re
eently intensified Cold War
ideology of more than 20 years
ago seems quite beyond re
ckoning, if only because we've
been through it all before.
The examples cited by
Alben in his column (Daily, |an.
18) are just a sampling of the
re-emergent irrationality.
Another chilling case in point
was seen in the Wall Street
Journal Jan. 17. More than half
of the editorial space, includ
ing the lead editorial, was de
voted to discussion of SALT II
and arms strategy in general.
Discussion of such projects
as the B-1 bomber, the MX mis
sile, and the Trident submarine
as compared to similar Soviet
projects brings back haunting
memories of flirtation with
nuclear holocaust in the early
'60s.
The air of absurdity truly be
comes overwhelming in the
second editorial which talked
of sums between $20 and $30
billion to protect our under
ground ICBM silos.
If such editorializing from a
highly respectable, albeit con
servative, publication is any
indication of the true pulse of
this nation, then perhaps it is
time we stepped back and took
an objective look at reality and
priorities. Hopefully, colum

nists like Alex Alben will main
tain their rational points of
view and eventually restore
ours.
Todd Harris
Sophomore
Political Science
Unhealthy laughter
Chuck Karish (Daily, Jan. 18)
has got to be kidding. Does he
mean to say that rape (sexual
fantasy or no) is a parody of
sexuality? Then surely he is
kidding — or he is sorely misin
formed.
Only in the very recent past
has the so-called "orthodox
feminist dogma" begun to de
fine rape as something neither
funny nor harmless. It is time
males like Karish stopped treat
ing rape as a joke. Rape is not
something to laugh about.
(Neither was the Holocaust!
And you don't hear people
going around cracking oven
jokes!) I wonder if Karish con
siders the rapes committed
against men in prison to be
humorous!
The word rape conjures up
such fantasies as excessive and
brutal force, the domination,
subjugation and humiliation of
another human being, be they
male or female. That sort of
fantasy is incredibly narcissistic
and egocentric, and, while fan
tasies are seldom punishable,
the fact and act of rape is
neither fantasy nor funny. It is
painful!
You simply don't laugh at
pain — especially other
people's.
I believe Karish knows not of
what he speaks as rape affects
him only indirectly (unless he
has been unfortunate enough
to do time in Santa Rita). I
suggest Karish quit tomplain
ing about losing rape as the
butt of his jokes and start find
ing something a little more
healthy to laugh about.
Kristine Dean
Gabrielle Daniels
R.idioscience Laboratory
Callous statement
In a column (Daily, Jan. 17),
Lise Giraud cites with approval
the view that "the shah has
done some things that would
make Hitler seem like Mary
Poppins." Unfortunately, this
sort of rhetoric and "argu
ment" is pervasive in her
piece. No conceivable horrors
make or ever could make Hi
tler's actions "seem like Mary
Poppins." Certainly nothing
that has actually happened, in
Iran or anyplace else, could
possibly justify such a mind
less, callous statement.
Robert Packenham
Associate Professor
Political Science
Restored faith
I'd like to thank Alex Alben
for restoring at least some of
my faith in the theory that man
is a rational animal. The re
eently intensified Cold War
ideology of more than 20 years
ago seems quite beyond re
ckoning, if only because we've
been through it all before.
The examples cited by
Alben in his column (Daily, |an.
18) are just a sampling of the
re-emergent irrationality.
Another chilling case in point
was seen in the Wall Street
Journal Jan. 17. More than half
of the editorial space, includ
ing the lead editorial, was de
voted to discussion of SALT II
and arms strategy in general.
Discussion of such projects
as the B-1 bomber, the MX mis
sile, and the Trident submarine
as compared to similar Soviet
projects brings back haunting
memories of flirtation with
nuclear holocaust in the early
'60s.
The air of absurdity truly be
comes overwhelming in the
second editorial which talked
of sums between $20 and $30
billion to protect our under
ground ICBM silos.
If such editorializing from a
highly respectable, albeit con
servative, publication is any
indication of the true pulse of
this nation, then perhaps it is
time we stepped back and took
an objective look at reality and
priorities. Hopefully, colum

nists like Alex Alben will main
tain their rational points of
view and eventually restore
ours.
Todd Harris
Sophomore
Political Science
Unhealthy laughter
Chuck Karish (Daily, Jan. 18)
has got to be kidding. Does he
mean to say that rape (sexual
fantasy or no) is a parody of
sexuality? Then surely he is
kidding — or he is sorely misin
formed.
Only in the very recent past
has the so-called "orthodox
feminist dogma" begun to de
fine rape as something neither
funny nor harmless. It is time
males like Karish stopped treat
ing rape as a joke. Rape is not
something to laugh about.
(Neither was the Holocaust!
And you don't hear people
going around cracking oven
jokes!) I wonder if Karish con
siders the rapes committed
against men in prison to be
humorous!
The word rape conjures up
such fantasies as excessive and
brutal force, the domination,
subjugation and humiliation of
another human being, be they
male or female. That sort of
fantasy is incredibly narcissistic
and egocentric, and, while fan
tasies are seldom punishable,
the fact and act of rape is
neither fantasy nor funny. It is
painful!
You simply don't laugh at
pain — especially other
people's.
I believe Karish knows not of
what he speaks as rape affects
him only indirectly (unless he
has been unfortunate enough
to do time in Santa Rita). I
suggest Karish quit tomplain
ing about losing rape as the
butt of his jokes and start find
ing something a little more
healthy to laugh about.
Kristine Dean
Gabrielle Daniels
R.idioscience Laboratory
Callous statement
In a column (Daily, Jan. 17),
Lise Giraud cites with approval
the view that "the shah has
done some things that would
make Hitler seem like Mary
Poppins." Unfortunately, this
sort of rhetoric and "argu
ment" is pervasive in her
piece. No conceivable horrors
make or ever could make Hi
tler's actions "seem like Mary
Poppins." Certainly nothing
that has actually happened, in
Iran or anyplace else, could
possibly justify such a mind
less, callous statement.
Robert Packenham
Associate Professor
Political Science
Restored faith
I'd like to thank Alex Alben
for restoring at least some of
my faith in the theory that man
is a rational animal. The re
eently intensified Cold War
ideology of more than 20 years
ago seems quite beyond re
ckoning, if only because we've
been through it all before.
The examples cited by
Alben in his column (Daily, |an.
18) are just a sampling of the
re-emergent irrationality.
Another chilling case in point
was seen in the Wall Street
Journal Jan. 17. More than half
of the editorial space, includ
ing the lead editorial, was de
voted to discussion of SALT II
and arms strategy in general.
Discussion of such projects
as the B-1 bomber, the MX mis
sile, and the Trident submarine
as compared to similar Soviet
projects brings back haunting
memories of flirtation with
nuclear holocaust in the early
'60s.
The air of absurdity truly be
comes overwhelming in the
second editorial which talked
of sums between $20 and $30
billion to protect our under
ground ICBM silos.
If such editorializing from a
highly respectable, albeit con
servative, publication is any
indication of the true pulse of
this nation, then perhaps it is
time we stepped back and took
an objective look at reality and
priorities. Hopefully, colum

nists like Alex Alben will main
tain their rational points of
view and eventually restore
ours.
Todd Harris
Sophomore
Political Science
Unhealthy laughter
Chuck Karish (Daily, Jan. 18)
has got to be kidding. Does he
mean to say that rape (sexual
fantasy or no) is a parody of
sexuality? Then surely he is
kidding — or he is sorely misin
formed.
Only in the very recent past
has the so-called "orthodox
feminist dogma" begun to de
fine rape as something neither
funny nor harmless. It is time
males like Karish stopped treat
ing rape as a joke. Rape is not
something to laugh about.
(Neither was the Holocaust!
And you don't hear people
going around cracking oven
jokes!) I wonder if Karish con
siders the rapes committed
against men in prison to be
humorous!
The word rape conjures up
such fantasies as excessive and
brutal force, the domination,
subjugation and humiliation of
another human being, be they
male or female. That sort of
fantasy is incredibly narcissistic
and egocentric, and, while fan
tasies are seldom punishable,
the fact and act of rape is
neither fantasy nor funny. It is
painful!
You simply don't laugh at
pain — especially other
people's.
I believe Karish knows not of
what he speaks as rape affects
him only indirectly (unless he
has been unfortunate enough
to do time in Santa Rita). I
suggest Karish quit tomplain
ing about losing rape as the
butt of his jokes and start find
ing something a little more
healthy to laugh about.
Kristine Dean
Gabrielle Daniels
R.idioscience Laboratory
Callous statement
In a column (Daily, Jan. 17),
Lise Giraud cites with approval
the view that "the shah has
done some things that would
make Hitler seem like Mary
Poppins." Unfortunately, this
sort of rhetoric and "argu
ment" is pervasive in her
piece. No conceivable horrors
make or ever could make Hi
tler's actions "seem like Mary
Poppins." Certainly nothing
that has actually happened, in
Iran or anyplace else, could
possibly justify such a mind
less, callous statement.
Robert Packenham
Associate Professor
Political Science
Restored faith
I'd like to thank Alex Alben
for restoring at least some of
my faith in the theory that man
is a rational animal. The re
eently intensified Cold War
ideology of more than 20 years
ago seems quite beyond re
ckoning, if only because we've
been through it all before.
The examples cited by
Alben in his column (Daily, |an.
18) are just a sampling of the
re-emergent irrationality.
Another chilling case in point
was seen in the Wall Street
Journal Jan. 17. More than half
of the editorial space, includ
ing the lead editorial, was de
voted to discussion of SALT II
and arms strategy in general.
Discussion of such projects
as the B-1 bomber, the MX mis
sile, and the Trident submarine
as compared to similar Soviet
projects brings back haunting
memories of flirtation with
nuclear holocaust in the early
'60s.
The air of absurdity truly be
comes overwhelming in the
second editorial which talked
of sums between $20 and $30
billion to protect our under
ground ICBM silos.
If such editorializing from a
highly respectable, albeit con
servative, publication is any
indication of the true pulse of
this nation, then perhaps it is
time we stepped back and took
an objective look at reality and
priorities. Hopefully, colum

nists like Alex Alben will main
tain their rational points of
view and eventually restore
ours.
Todd Harris
Sophomore
Political Science
Unhealthy laughter
Chuck Karish (Daily, Jan. 18)
has got to be kidding. Does he
mean to say that rape (sexual
fantasy or no) is a parody of
sexuality? Then surely he is
kidding — or he is sorely misin
formed.
Only in the very recent past
has the so-called "orthodox
feminist dogma" begun to de
fine rape as something neither
funny nor harmless. It is time
males like Karish stopped treat
ing rape as a joke. Rape is not
something to laugh about.
(Neither was the Holocaust!
And you don't hear people
going around cracking oven
jokes!) I wonder if Karish con
siders the rapes committed
against men in prison to be
humorous!
The word rape conjures up
such fantasies as excessive and
brutal force, the domination,
subjugation and humiliation of
another human being, be they
male or female. That sort of
fantasy is incredibly narcissistic
and egocentric, and, while fan
tasies are seldom punishable,
the fact and act of rape is
neither fantasy nor funny. It is
painful!
You simply don't laugh at
pain — especially other
people's.
I believe Karish knows not of
what he speaks as rape affects
him only indirectly (unless he
has been unfortunate enough
to do time in Santa Rita). I
suggest Karish quit tomplain
ing about losing rape as the
butt of his jokes and start find
ing something a little more
healthy to laugh about.
Kristine Dean
Gabrielle Daniels
R.idioscience Laboratory
Callous statement
In a column (Daily, Jan. 17),
Lise Giraud cites with approval
the view that "the shah has
done some things that would
make Hitler seem like Mary
Poppins." Unfortunately, this
sort of rhetoric and "argu
ment" is pervasive in her
piece. No conceivable horrors
make or ever could make Hi
tler's actions "seem like Mary
Poppins." Certainly nothing
that has actually happened, in
Iran or anyplace else, could
possibly justify such a mind
less, callous statement.
Robert Packenham
Associate Professor
Political Science
Restored faith
I'd like to thank Alex Alben
for restoring at least some of
my faith in the theory that man
is a rational animal. The re
eently intensified Cold War
ideology of more than 20 years
ago seems quite beyond re
ckoning, if only because we've
been through it all before.
The examples cited by
Alben in his column (Daily, |an.
18) are just a sampling of the
re-emergent irrationality.
Another chilling case in point
was seen in the Wall Street
Journal Jan. 17. More than half
of the editorial space, includ
ing the lead editorial, was de
voted to discussion of SALT II
and arms strategy in general.
Discussion of such projects
as the B-1 bomber, the MX mis
sile, and the Trident submarine
as compared to similar Soviet
projects brings back haunting
memories of flirtation with
nuclear holocaust in the early
'60s.
The air of absurdity truly be
comes overwhelming in the
second editorial which talked
of sums between $20 and $30
billion to protect our under
ground ICBM silos.
If such editorializing from a
highly respectable, albeit con
servative, publication is any
indication of the true pulse of
this nation, then perhaps it is
time we stepped back and took
an objective look at reality and
priorities. Hopefully, colum

nists like Alex Alben will main
tain their rational points of
view and eventually restore
ours.
Todd Harris
Sophomore
Political Science
Unhealthy laughter
Chuck Karish (Daily, Jan. 18)
has got to be kidding. Does he
mean to say that rape (sexual
fantasy or no) is a parody of
sexuality? Then surely he is
kidding — or he is sorely misin
formed.
Only in the very recent past
has the so-called "orthodox
feminist dogma" begun to de
fine rape as something neither
funny nor harmless. It is time
males like Karish stopped treat
ing rape as a joke. Rape is not
something to laugh about.
(Neither was the Holocaust!
And you don't hear people
going around cracking oven
jokes!) I wonder if Karish con
siders the rapes committed
against men in prison to be
humorous!
The word rape conjures up
such fantasies as excessive and
brutal force, the domination,
subjugation and humiliation of
another human being, be they
male or female. That sort of
fantasy is incredibly narcissistic
and egocentric, and, while fan
tasies are seldom punishable,
the fact and act of rape is
neither fantasy nor funny. It is
painful!
You simply don't laugh at
pain — especially other
people's.
I believe Karish knows not of
what he speaks as rape affects
him only indirectly (unless he
has been unfortunate enough
to do time in Santa Rita). I
suggest Karish quit tomplain
ing about losing rape as the
butt of his jokes and start find
ing something a little more
healthy to laugh about.
Kristine Dean
Gabrielle Daniels
R.idioscience Laboratory
Callous statement
In a column (Daily, Jan. 17),
Lise Giraud cites with approval
the view that "the shah has
done some things that would
make Hitler seem like Mary
Poppins." Unfortunately, this
sort of rhetoric and "argu
ment" is pervasive in her
piece. No conceivable horrors
make or ever could make Hi
tler's actions "seem like Mary
Poppins." Certainly nothing
that has actually happened, in
Iran or anyplace else, could
possibly justify such a mind
less, callous statement.
Robert Packenham
Associate Professor
Political Science
Restored faith
I'd like to thank Alex Alben
for restoring at least some of
my faith in the theory that man
is a rational animal. The re
eently intensified Cold War
ideology of more than 20 years
ago seems quite beyond re
ckoning, if only because we've
been through it all before.
The examples cited by
Alben in his column (Daily, |an.
18) are just a sampling of the
re-emergent irrationality.
Another chilling case in point
was seen in the Wall Street
Journal Jan. 17. More than half
of the editorial space, includ
ing the lead editorial, was de
voted to discussion of SALT II
and arms strategy in general.
Discussion of such projects
as the B-1 bomber, the MX mis
sile, and the Trident submarine
as compared to similar Soviet
projects brings back haunting
memories of flirtation with
nuclear holocaust in the early
'60s.
The air of absurdity truly be
comes overwhelming in the
second editorial which talked
of sums between $20 and $30
billion to protect our under
ground ICBM silos.
If such editorializing from a
highly respectable, albeit con
servative, publication is any
indication of the true pulse of
this nation, then perhaps it is
time we stepped back and took
an objective look at reality and
priorities. Hopefully, colum

nists like Alex Alben will main
tain their rational points of
view and eventually restore
ours.
Todd Harris
Sophomore
Political Science
Unhealthy laughter
Chuck Karish (Daily, Jan. 18)
has got to be kidding. Does he
mean to say that rape (sexual
fantasy or no) is a parody of
sexuality? Then surely he is
kidding — or he is sorely misin
formed.
Only in the very recent past
has the so-called "orthodox
feminist dogma" begun to de
fine rape as something neither
funny nor harmless. It is time
males like Karish stopped treat
ing rape as a joke. Rape is not
something to laugh about.
(Neither was the Holocaust!
And you don't hear people
going around cracking oven
jokes!) I wonder if Karish con
siders the rapes committed
against men in prison to be
humorous!
The word rape conjures up
such fantasies as excessive and
brutal force, the domination,
subjugation and humiliation of
another human being, be they
male or female. That sort of
fantasy is incredibly narcissistic
and egocentric, and, while fan
tasies are seldom punishable,
the fact and act of rape is
neither fantasy nor funny. It is
painful!
You simply don't laugh at
pain — especially other
people's.
I believe Karish knows not of
what he speaks as rape affects
him only indirectly (unless he
has been unfortunate enough
to do time in Santa Rita). I
suggest Karish quit tomplain
ing about losing rape as the
butt of his jokes and start find
ing something a little more
healthy to laugh about.
Kristine Dean
Gabrielle Daniels
R.idioscience Laboratory
Callous statement
In a column (Daily, Jan. 17),
Lise Giraud cites with approval
the view that "the shah has
done some things that would
make Hitler seem like Mary
Poppins." Unfortunately, this
sort of rhetoric and "argu
ment" is pervasive in her
piece. No conceivable horrors
make or ever could make Hi
tler's actions "seem like Mary
Poppins." Certainly nothing
that has actually happened, in
Iran or anyplace else, could
possibly justify such a mind
less, callous statement.
Robert Packenham
Associate Professor
Political Science
Restored faith
I'd like to thank Alex Alben
for restoring at least some of
my faith in the theory that man
is a rational animal. The re
eently intensified Cold War
ideology of more than 20 years
ago seems quite beyond re
ckoning, if only because we've
been through it all before.
The examples cited by
Alben in his column (Daily, |an.
18) are just a sampling of the
re-emergent irrationality.
Another chilling case in point
was seen in the Wall Street
Journal Jan. 17. More than half
of the editorial space, includ
ing the lead editorial, was de
voted to discussion of SALT II
and arms strategy in general.
Discussion of such projects
as the B-1 bomber, the MX mis
sile, and the Trident submarine
as compared to similar Soviet
projects brings back haunting
memories of flirtation with
nuclear holocaust in the early
'60s.
The air of absurdity truly be
comes overwhelming in the
second editorial which talked
of sums between $20 and $30
billion to protect our under
ground ICBM silos.
If such editorializing from a
highly respectable, albeit con
servative, publication is any
indication of the true pulse of
this nation, then perhaps it is
time we stepped back and took
an objective look at reality and
priorities. Hopefully, colum

nists like Alex Alben will main
tain their rational points of
view and eventually restore
ours.
Todd Harris
Sophomore
Political Science
Unhealthy laughter
Chuck Karish (Daily, Jan. 18)
has got to be kidding. Does he
mean to say that rape (sexual
fantasy or no) is a parody of
sexuality? Then surely he is
kidding — or he is sorely misin
formed.
Only in the very recent past
has the so-called "orthodox
feminist dogma" begun to de
fine rape as something neither
funny nor harmless. It is time
males like Karish stopped treat
ing rape as a joke. Rape is not
something to laugh about.
(Neither was the Holocaust!
And you don't hear people
going around cracking oven
jokes!) I wonder if Karish con
siders the rapes committed
against men in prison to be
humorous!
The word rape conjures up
such fantasies as excessive and
brutal force, the domination,
subjugation and humiliation of
another human being, be they
male or female. That sort of
fantasy is incredibly narcissistic
and egocentric, and, while fan
tasies are seldom punishable,
the fact and act of rape is
neither fantasy nor funny. It is
painful!
You simply don't laugh at
pain — especially other
people's.
I believe Karish knows not of
what he speaks as rape affects
him only indirectly (unless he
has been unfortunate enough
to do time in Santa Rita). I
suggest Karish quit tomplain
ing about losing rape as the
butt of his jokes and start find
ing something a little more
healthy to laugh about.
Kristine Dean
Gabrielle Daniels
R.idioscience Laboratory
Callous statement
In a column (Daily, Jan. 17),
Lise Giraud cites with approval
the view that "the shah has
done some things that would
make Hitler seem like Mary
Poppins." Unfortunately, this
sort of rhetoric and "argu
ment" is pervasive in her
piece. No conceivable horrors
make or ever could make Hi
tler's actions "seem like Mary
Poppins." Certainly nothing
that has actually happened, in
Iran or anyplace else, could
possibly justify such a mind
less, callous statement.
Robert Packenham
Associate Professor
Political Science
