# Untitled Article
## 
### 
F. L. Talbot, '05, Teaching Fellow in
Political Economy at the University
of California, was a visitor on the
campus yesterday.
F. L. Talbot, '05, Teaching Fellow in
Political Economy at the University
of California, was a visitor on the
campus yesterday.
F. L. Talbot, '05, Teaching Fellow in
Political Economy at the University
of California, was a visitor on the
campus yesterday.
F. L. Talbot, '05, Teaching Fellow in
Political Economy at the University
of California, was a visitor on the
campus yesterday.
F. L. Talbot, '05, Teaching Fellow in
Political Economy at the University
of California, was a visitor on the
campus yesterday.
F. L. Talbot, '05, Teaching Fellow in
Political Economy at the University
of California, was a visitor on the
campus yesterday.
F. L. Talbot, '05, Teaching Fellow in
Political Economy at the University
of California, was a visitor on the
campus yesterday.
F. L. Talbot, '05, Teaching Fellow in
Political Economy at the University
of California, was a visitor on the
campus yesterday.
F. L. Talbot, '05, Teaching Fellow in
Political Economy at the University
of California, was a visitor on the
campus yesterday.
F. L. Talbot, '05, Teaching Fellow in
Political Economy at the University
of California, was a visitor on the
campus yesterday.
F. L. Talbot, '05, Teaching Fellow in
Political Economy at the University
of California, was a visitor on the
campus yesterday.
F. L. Talbot, '05, Teaching Fellow in
Political Economy at the University
of California, was a visitor on the
campus yesterday.
