# TROUT SHOWED THAT THEY WERE ABLE TO COME BACK.
## Interesting' Result of Experiments Carried on by Professor C.H. Gilbert. 
### 
Professor C. H. Gilbert of the De
partment of Zoology, who has been
carrying on experiments at the fish
hatchery on Scott,'s Creek near Santa
Cruz, yesterday caught eight of a num
ber of steel-head trout which were
tagged and returned to the water there
last year. This is regarded as con
clusive proof that the trout return to
the stream they were spawned in. An
other interesting discovery made by
Professor Gilbert was that the bodies
of trout exhibit regular markings by
which it is possible to determine their
age.
Professor C. H. Gilbert of the De
partment of Zoology, who has been
carrying on experiments at the fish
hatchery on Scott,'s Creek near Santa
Cruz, yesterday caught eight of a num
ber of steel-head trout which were
tagged and returned to the water there
last year. This is regarded as con
clusive proof that the trout return to
the stream they were spawned in. An
other interesting discovery made by
Professor Gilbert was that the bodies
of trout exhibit regular markings by
which it is possible to determine their
age.
Professor C. H. Gilbert of the De
partment of Zoology, who has been
carrying on experiments at the fish
hatchery on Scott,'s Creek near Santa
Cruz, yesterday caught eight of a num
ber of steel-head trout which were
tagged and returned to the water there
last year. This is regarded as con
clusive proof that the trout return to
the stream they were spawned in. An
other interesting discovery made by
Professor Gilbert was that the bodies
of trout exhibit regular markings by
which it is possible to determine their
age.
Professor C. H. Gilbert of the De
partment of Zoology, who has been
carrying on experiments at the fish
hatchery on Scott,'s Creek near Santa
Cruz, yesterday caught eight of a num
ber of steel-head trout which were
tagged and returned to the water there
last year. This is regarded as con
clusive proof that the trout return to
the stream they were spawned in. An
other interesting discovery made by
Professor Gilbert was that the bodies
of trout exhibit regular markings by
which it is possible to determine their
age.
Professor C. H. Gilbert of the De
partment of Zoology, who has been
carrying on experiments at the fish
hatchery on Scott,'s Creek near Santa
Cruz, yesterday caught eight of a num
ber of steel-head trout which were
tagged and returned to the water there
last year. This is regarded as con
clusive proof that the trout return to
the stream they were spawned in. An
other interesting discovery made by
Professor Gilbert was that the bodies
of trout exhibit regular markings by
which it is possible to determine their
age.
Professor C. H. Gilbert of the De
partment of Zoology, who has been
carrying on experiments at the fish
hatchery on Scott,'s Creek near Santa
Cruz, yesterday caught eight of a num
ber of steel-head trout which were
tagged and returned to the water there
last year. This is regarded as con
clusive proof that the trout return to
the stream they were spawned in. An
other interesting discovery made by
Professor Gilbert was that the bodies
of trout exhibit regular markings by
which it is possible to determine their
age.
Professor C. H. Gilbert of the De
partment of Zoology, who has been
carrying on experiments at the fish
hatchery on Scott,'s Creek near Santa
Cruz, yesterday caught eight of a num
ber of steel-head trout which were
tagged and returned to the water there
last year. This is regarded as con
clusive proof that the trout return to
the stream they were spawned in. An
other interesting discovery made by
Professor Gilbert was that the bodies
of trout exhibit regular markings by
which it is possible to determine their
age.
Professor C. H. Gilbert of the De
partment of Zoology, who has been
carrying on experiments at the fish
hatchery on Scott,'s Creek near Santa
Cruz, yesterday caught eight of a num
ber of steel-head trout which were
tagged and returned to the water there
last year. This is regarded as con
clusive proof that the trout return to
the stream they were spawned in. An
other interesting discovery made by
Professor Gilbert was that the bodies
of trout exhibit regular markings by
which it is possible to determine their
age.
Professor C. H. Gilbert of the De
partment of Zoology, who has been
carrying on experiments at the fish
hatchery on Scott,'s Creek near Santa
Cruz, yesterday caught eight of a num
ber of steel-head trout which were
tagged and returned to the water there
last year. This is regarded as con
clusive proof that the trout return to
the stream they were spawned in. An
other interesting discovery made by
Professor Gilbert was that the bodies
of trout exhibit regular markings by
which it is possible to determine their
age.
Professor C. H. Gilbert of the De
partment of Zoology, who has been
carrying on experiments at the fish
hatchery on Scott,'s Creek near Santa
Cruz, yesterday caught eight of a num
ber of steel-head trout which were
tagged and returned to the water there
last year. This is regarded as con
clusive proof that the trout return to
the stream they were spawned in. An
other interesting discovery made by
Professor Gilbert was that the bodies
of trout exhibit regular markings by
which it is possible to determine their
age.
Professor C. H. Gilbert of the De
partment of Zoology, who has been
carrying on experiments at the fish
hatchery on Scott,'s Creek near Santa
Cruz, yesterday caught eight of a num
ber of steel-head trout which were
tagged and returned to the water there
last year. This is regarded as con
clusive proof that the trout return to
the stream they were spawned in. An
other interesting discovery made by
Professor Gilbert was that the bodies
of trout exhibit regular markings by
which it is possible to determine their
age.
Professor C. H. Gilbert of the De
partment of Zoology, who has been
carrying on experiments at the fish
hatchery on Scott,'s Creek near Santa
Cruz, yesterday caught eight of a num
ber of steel-head trout which were
tagged and returned to the water there
last year. This is regarded as con
clusive proof that the trout return to
the stream they were spawned in. An
other interesting discovery made by
Professor Gilbert was that the bodies
of trout exhibit regular markings by
which it is possible to determine their
age.
