# NOTED SUFFRAGIST WILL SPEAK TO UNIVERSITY WOMEN.
## Mrs. E.S. De Voe, President of Combined Western Associations, to Visit Campus. 
### 
Mrs. Emma Smith De Voe will visit
(lie campus the latter part of this
week and will speak under the aus
pices of the Stanford Chapter of the
Collegiate Women's Suffrage Union;
the time and place to he announced
later. Mrs. De Voe is president of the
Washington State Women's Suffrage
Association and has lately been elect
ed president of the combined asso
ciations of five suffrage states. She
has been prominently connected with
the last, campaign in Washington,
which gave to the women of that
the right to vote, and she will prob
ably choose as her subject the part
played by college women in that cam
paign. She is a very able speaker,
and the meeting, which will be an
open one, should be of interest to
everyone. Her coming is particularly
opportune as the question of women's
suffrage for California is now before
the State legislature.
Mrs. Emma Smith De Voe will visit
(lie campus the latter part of this
week and will speak under the aus
pices of the Stanford Chapter of the
Collegiate Women's Suffrage Union;
the time and place to he announced
later. Mrs. De Voe is president of the
Washington State Women's Suffrage
Association and has lately been elect
ed president of the combined asso
ciations of five suffrage states. She
has been prominently connected with
the last, campaign in Washington,
which gave to the women of that
the right to vote, and she will prob
ably choose as her subject the part
played by college women in that cam
paign. She is a very able speaker,
and the meeting, which will be an
open one, should be of interest to
everyone. Her coming is particularly
opportune as the question of women's
suffrage for California is now before
the State legislature.
Mrs. Emma Smith De Voe will visit
(lie campus the latter part of this
week and will speak under the aus
pices of the Stanford Chapter of the
Collegiate Women's Suffrage Union;
the time and place to he announced
later. Mrs. De Voe is president of the
Washington State Women's Suffrage
Association and has lately been elect
ed president of the combined asso
ciations of five suffrage states. She
has been prominently connected with
the last, campaign in Washington,
which gave to the women of that
the right to vote, and she will prob
ably choose as her subject the part
played by college women in that cam
paign. She is a very able speaker,
and the meeting, which will be an
open one, should be of interest to
everyone. Her coming is particularly
opportune as the question of women's
suffrage for California is now before
the State legislature.
Mrs. Emma Smith De Voe will visit
(lie campus the latter part of this
week and will speak under the aus
pices of the Stanford Chapter of the
Collegiate Women's Suffrage Union;
the time and place to he announced
later. Mrs. De Voe is president of the
Washington State Women's Suffrage
Association and has lately been elect
ed president of the combined asso
ciations of five suffrage states. She
has been prominently connected with
the last, campaign in Washington,
which gave to the women of that
the right to vote, and she will prob
ably choose as her subject the part
played by college women in that cam
paign. She is a very able speaker,
and the meeting, which will be an
open one, should be of interest to
everyone. Her coming is particularly
opportune as the question of women's
suffrage for California is now before
the State legislature.
Mrs. Emma Smith De Voe will visit
(lie campus the latter part of this
week and will speak under the aus
pices of the Stanford Chapter of the
Collegiate Women's Suffrage Union;
the time and place to he announced
later. Mrs. De Voe is president of the
Washington State Women's Suffrage
Association and has lately been elect
ed president of the combined asso
ciations of five suffrage states. She
has been prominently connected with
the last, campaign in Washington,
which gave to the women of that
the right to vote, and she will prob
ably choose as her subject the part
played by college women in that cam
paign. She is a very able speaker,
and the meeting, which will be an
open one, should be of interest to
everyone. Her coming is particularly
opportune as the question of women's
suffrage for California is now before
the State legislature.
Mrs. Emma Smith De Voe will visit
(lie campus the latter part of this
week and will speak under the aus
pices of the Stanford Chapter of the
Collegiate Women's Suffrage Union;
the time and place to he announced
later. Mrs. De Voe is president of the
Washington State Women's Suffrage
Association and has lately been elect
ed president of the combined asso
ciations of five suffrage states. She
has been prominently connected with
the last, campaign in Washington,
which gave to the women of that
the right to vote, and she will prob
ably choose as her subject the part
played by college women in that cam
paign. She is a very able speaker,
and the meeting, which will be an
open one, should be of interest to
everyone. Her coming is particularly
opportune as the question of women's
suffrage for California is now before
the State legislature.
Mrs. Emma Smith De Voe will visit
(lie campus the latter part of this
week and will speak under the aus
pices of the Stanford Chapter of the
Collegiate Women's Suffrage Union;
the time and place to he announced
later. Mrs. De Voe is president of the
Washington State Women's Suffrage
Association and has lately been elect
ed president of the combined asso
ciations of five suffrage states. She
has been prominently connected with
the last, campaign in Washington,
which gave to the women of that
the right to vote, and she will prob
ably choose as her subject the part
played by college women in that cam
paign. She is a very able speaker,
and the meeting, which will be an
open one, should be of interest to
everyone. Her coming is particularly
opportune as the question of women's
suffrage for California is now before
the State legislature.
Mrs. Emma Smith De Voe will visit
(lie campus the latter part of this
week and will speak under the aus
pices of the Stanford Chapter of the
Collegiate Women's Suffrage Union;
the time and place to he announced
later. Mrs. De Voe is president of the
Washington State Women's Suffrage
Association and has lately been elect
ed president of the combined asso
ciations of five suffrage states. She
has been prominently connected with
the last, campaign in Washington,
which gave to the women of that
the right to vote, and she will prob
ably choose as her subject the part
played by college women in that cam
paign. She is a very able speaker,
and the meeting, which will be an
open one, should be of interest to
everyone. Her coming is particularly
opportune as the question of women's
suffrage for California is now before
the State legislature.
Mrs. Emma Smith De Voe will visit
(lie campus the latter part of this
week and will speak under the aus
pices of the Stanford Chapter of the
Collegiate Women's Suffrage Union;
the time and place to he announced
later. Mrs. De Voe is president of the
Washington State Women's Suffrage
Association and has lately been elect
ed president of the combined asso
ciations of five suffrage states. She
has been prominently connected with
the last, campaign in Washington,
which gave to the women of that
the right to vote, and she will prob
ably choose as her subject the part
played by college women in that cam
paign. She is a very able speaker,
and the meeting, which will be an
open one, should be of interest to
everyone. Her coming is particularly
opportune as the question of women's
suffrage for California is now before
the State legislature.
Mrs. Emma Smith De Voe will visit
(lie campus the latter part of this
week and will speak under the aus
pices of the Stanford Chapter of the
Collegiate Women's Suffrage Union;
the time and place to he announced
later. Mrs. De Voe is president of the
Washington State Women's Suffrage
Association and has lately been elect
ed president of the combined asso
ciations of five suffrage states. She
has been prominently connected with
the last, campaign in Washington,
which gave to the women of that
the right to vote, and she will prob
ably choose as her subject the part
played by college women in that cam
paign. She is a very able speaker,
and the meeting, which will be an
open one, should be of interest to
everyone. Her coming is particularly
opportune as the question of women's
suffrage for California is now before
the State legislature.
Mrs. Emma Smith De Voe will visit
(lie campus the latter part of this
week and will speak under the aus
pices of the Stanford Chapter of the
Collegiate Women's Suffrage Union;
the time and place to he announced
later. Mrs. De Voe is president of the
Washington State Women's Suffrage
Association and has lately been elect
ed president of the combined asso
ciations of five suffrage states. She
has been prominently connected with
the last, campaign in Washington,
which gave to the women of that
the right to vote, and she will prob
ably choose as her subject the part
played by college women in that cam
paign. She is a very able speaker,
and the meeting, which will be an
open one, should be of interest to
everyone. Her coming is particularly
opportune as the question of women's
suffrage for California is now before
the State legislature.
Mrs. Emma Smith De Voe will visit
(lie campus the latter part of this
week and will speak under the aus
pices of the Stanford Chapter of the
Collegiate Women's Suffrage Union;
the time and place to he announced
later. Mrs. De Voe is president of the
Washington State Women's Suffrage
Association and has lately been elect
ed president of the combined asso
ciations of five suffrage states. She
has been prominently connected with
the last, campaign in Washington,
which gave to the women of that
the right to vote, and she will prob
ably choose as her subject the part
played by college women in that cam
paign. She is a very able speaker,
and the meeting, which will be an
open one, should be of interest to
everyone. Her coming is particularly
opportune as the question of women's
suffrage for California is now before
the State legislature.
