# CALIFORNIA WOMEN PLAN TRACK AND FIELD MEET
## 
### 
California women are to have an
interclass track and field meet on Feb
ruary 14. Proceeds from the ten cent
admission fee will be turned into the
Sports and Pastimes treasury. The
following is a probable list of events:
50-yard dash; 100-yard dash; 220-
yard dash; 100-yard hurdles; 8-pound
shot-put; standing and running broad
jump; hop, step, and jump; and relay
jump; three-legged race; and relay
race.
California women are to have an
interclass track and field meet on Feb
ruary 14. Proceeds from the ten cent
admission fee will be turned into the
Sports and Pastimes treasury. The
following is a probable list of events:
50-yard dash; 100-yard dash; 220-
yard dash; 100-yard hurdles; 8-pound
shot-put; standing and running broad
jump; hop, step, and jump; and relay
jump; three-legged race; and relay
race.
California women are to have an
interclass track and field meet on Feb
ruary 14. Proceeds from the ten cent
admission fee will be turned into the
Sports and Pastimes treasury. The
following is a probable list of events:
50-yard dash; 100-yard dash; 220-
yard dash; 100-yard hurdles; 8-pound
shot-put; standing and running broad
jump; hop, step, and jump; and relay
jump; three-legged race; and relay
race.
California women are to have an
interclass track and field meet on Feb
ruary 14. Proceeds from the ten cent
admission fee will be turned into the
Sports and Pastimes treasury. The
following is a probable list of events:
50-yard dash; 100-yard dash; 220-
yard dash; 100-yard hurdles; 8-pound
shot-put; standing and running broad
jump; hop, step, and jump; and relay
jump; three-legged race; and relay
race.
California women are to have an
interclass track and field meet on Feb
ruary 14. Proceeds from the ten cent
admission fee will be turned into the
Sports and Pastimes treasury. The
following is a probable list of events:
50-yard dash; 100-yard dash; 220-
yard dash; 100-yard hurdles; 8-pound
shot-put; standing and running broad
jump; hop, step, and jump; and relay
jump; three-legged race; and relay
race.
California women are to have an
interclass track and field meet on Feb
ruary 14. Proceeds from the ten cent
admission fee will be turned into the
Sports and Pastimes treasury. The
following is a probable list of events:
50-yard dash; 100-yard dash; 220-
yard dash; 100-yard hurdles; 8-pound
shot-put; standing and running broad
jump; hop, step, and jump; and relay
jump; three-legged race; and relay
race.
California women are to have an
interclass track and field meet on Feb
ruary 14. Proceeds from the ten cent
admission fee will be turned into the
Sports and Pastimes treasury. The
following is a probable list of events:
50-yard dash; 100-yard dash; 220-
yard dash; 100-yard hurdles; 8-pound
shot-put; standing and running broad
jump; hop, step, and jump; and relay
jump; three-legged race; and relay
race.
California women are to have an
interclass track and field meet on Feb
ruary 14. Proceeds from the ten cent
admission fee will be turned into the
Sports and Pastimes treasury. The
following is a probable list of events:
50-yard dash; 100-yard dash; 220-
yard dash; 100-yard hurdles; 8-pound
shot-put; standing and running broad
jump; hop, step, and jump; and relay
jump; three-legged race; and relay
race.
California women are to have an
interclass track and field meet on Feb
ruary 14. Proceeds from the ten cent
admission fee will be turned into the
Sports and Pastimes treasury. The
following is a probable list of events:
50-yard dash; 100-yard dash; 220-
yard dash; 100-yard hurdles; 8-pound
shot-put; standing and running broad
jump; hop, step, and jump; and relay
jump; three-legged race; and relay
race.
California women are to have an
interclass track and field meet on Feb
ruary 14. Proceeds from the ten cent
admission fee will be turned into the
Sports and Pastimes treasury. The
following is a probable list of events:
50-yard dash; 100-yard dash; 220-
yard dash; 100-yard hurdles; 8-pound
shot-put; standing and running broad
jump; hop, step, and jump; and relay
jump; three-legged race; and relay
race.
California women are to have an
interclass track and field meet on Feb
ruary 14. Proceeds from the ten cent
admission fee will be turned into the
Sports and Pastimes treasury. The
following is a probable list of events:
50-yard dash; 100-yard dash; 220-
yard dash; 100-yard hurdles; 8-pound
shot-put; standing and running broad
jump; hop, step, and jump; and relay
jump; three-legged race; and relay
race.
California women are to have an
interclass track and field meet on Feb
ruary 14. Proceeds from the ten cent
admission fee will be turned into the
Sports and Pastimes treasury. The
following is a probable list of events:
50-yard dash; 100-yard dash; 220-
yard dash; 100-yard hurdles; 8-pound
shot-put; standing and running broad
jump; hop, step, and jump; and relay
jump; three-legged race; and relay
race.
California women are to have an
interclass track and field meet on Feb
ruary 14. Proceeds from the ten cent
admission fee will be turned into the
Sports and Pastimes treasury. The
following is a probable list of events:
50-yard dash; 100-yard dash; 220-
yard dash; 100-yard hurdles; 8-pound
shot-put; standing and running broad
jump; hop, step, and jump; and relay
jump; three-legged race; and relay
race.
