# TENNIS MATCHES PUT OVER UNTIL FRIDAY
## 
### 
The second rotiikl of the fall tennis
tourney will not continue tomorrow on
account of the unsettled weather and
condition of the courts. The schedule
for the men who were to play tomorrow
will be printed in the paper tomorrow
afternoon and the games will be played
on Friday if the weather permits. This
playing will clean up half the elimina
tions for the second round of the
tourney.
The second rotiikl of the fall tennis
tourney will not continue tomorrow on
account of the unsettled weather and
condition of the courts. The schedule
for the men who were to play tomorrow
will be printed in the paper tomorrow
afternoon and the games will be played
on Friday if the weather permits. This
playing will clean up half the elimina
tions for the second round of the
tourney.
The second rotiikl of the fall tennis
tourney will not continue tomorrow on
account of the unsettled weather and
condition of the courts. The schedule
for the men who were to play tomorrow
will be printed in the paper tomorrow
afternoon and the games will be played
on Friday if the weather permits. This
playing will clean up half the elimina
tions for the second round of the
tourney.
The second rotiikl of the fall tennis
tourney will not continue tomorrow on
account of the unsettled weather and
condition of the courts. The schedule
for the men who were to play tomorrow
will be printed in the paper tomorrow
afternoon and the games will be played
on Friday if the weather permits. This
playing will clean up half the elimina
tions for the second round of the
tourney.
The second rotiikl of the fall tennis
tourney will not continue tomorrow on
account of the unsettled weather and
condition of the courts. The schedule
for the men who were to play tomorrow
will be printed in the paper tomorrow
afternoon and the games will be played
on Friday if the weather permits. This
playing will clean up half the elimina
tions for the second round of the
tourney.
The second rotiikl of the fall tennis
tourney will not continue tomorrow on
account of the unsettled weather and
condition of the courts. The schedule
for the men who were to play tomorrow
will be printed in the paper tomorrow
afternoon and the games will be played
on Friday if the weather permits. This
playing will clean up half the elimina
tions for the second round of the
tourney.
The second rotiikl of the fall tennis
tourney will not continue tomorrow on
account of the unsettled weather and
condition of the courts. The schedule
for the men who were to play tomorrow
will be printed in the paper tomorrow
afternoon and the games will be played
on Friday if the weather permits. This
playing will clean up half the elimina
tions for the second round of the
tourney.
The second rotiikl of the fall tennis
tourney will not continue tomorrow on
account of the unsettled weather and
condition of the courts. The schedule
for the men who were to play tomorrow
will be printed in the paper tomorrow
afternoon and the games will be played
on Friday if the weather permits. This
playing will clean up half the elimina
tions for the second round of the
tourney.
The second rotiikl of the fall tennis
tourney will not continue tomorrow on
account of the unsettled weather and
condition of the courts. The schedule
for the men who were to play tomorrow
will be printed in the paper tomorrow
afternoon and the games will be played
on Friday if the weather permits. This
playing will clean up half the elimina
tions for the second round of the
tourney.
The second rotiikl of the fall tennis
tourney will not continue tomorrow on
account of the unsettled weather and
condition of the courts. The schedule
for the men who were to play tomorrow
will be printed in the paper tomorrow
afternoon and the games will be played
on Friday if the weather permits. This
playing will clean up half the elimina
tions for the second round of the
tourney.
The second rotiikl of the fall tennis
tourney will not continue tomorrow on
account of the unsettled weather and
condition of the courts. The schedule
for the men who were to play tomorrow
will be printed in the paper tomorrow
afternoon and the games will be played
on Friday if the weather permits. This
playing will clean up half the elimina
tions for the second round of the
tourney.
The second rotiikl of the fall tennis
tourney will not continue tomorrow on
account of the unsettled weather and
condition of the courts. The schedule
for the men who were to play tomorrow
will be printed in the paper tomorrow
afternoon and the games will be played
on Friday if the weather permits. This
playing will clean up half the elimina
tions for the second round of the
tourney.
The second rotiikl of the fall tennis
tourney will not continue tomorrow on
account of the unsettled weather and
condition of the courts. The schedule
for the men who were to play tomorrow
will be printed in the paper tomorrow
afternoon and the games will be played
on Friday if the weather permits. This
playing will clean up half the elimina
tions for the second round of the
tourney.
