# On'n Off the Campus
## 
### 
Stanford Alumni
Are Married
Miss Katherlne Crabtree, '17, and
Chester Wing Barker, '17, were mar
ried last Monday at the home of the
bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs. Robert
â€¢Grabtree in Los Angeles. Since his
graduation, Barker has taken advance
work at Columbia. He has composed
music for productions at the Maitland
Theatre and Players' Club in San
Francisco.
Karl Leib Now
Coach at Washington
Professor Karl Lieb, formerly de
bate coach at Stanford, will take
charge of the University of Washing
ton's debating teams this year. Pro
fessor Lieb came to the U. of W. this
year, as instructor in the college of
business administration ,from the
economics department of Stanford, in
which he gave a number of courses
besides handling the debate ( work-
Professor Lieb is a graduate of Stan
ford of the class of '13, and was
prominent in debating activities at the
University at that time.
