# Legion Head Sanctions Action of President
## 
### United Press 
INDIANAPOLIS, Nov. 10.— W. Gail
braith, national commander of the
American Legion, today wired Presi
dent Wilson indorsing the President's
action in refusing to pardon Eugene
V. Debs.
INDIANAPOLIS, Nov. 10.— W. Gail
braith, national commander of the
American Legion, today wired Presi
dent Wilson indorsing the President's
action in refusing to pardon Eugene
V. Debs.
INDIANAPOLIS, Nov. 10.— W. Gail
braith, national commander of the
American Legion, today wired Presi
dent Wilson indorsing the President's
action in refusing to pardon Eugene
V. Debs.
INDIANAPOLIS, Nov. 10.— W. Gail
braith, national commander of the
American Legion, today wired Presi
dent Wilson indorsing the President's
action in refusing to pardon Eugene
V. Debs.
INDIANAPOLIS, Nov. 10.— W. Gail
braith, national commander of the
American Legion, today wired Presi
dent Wilson indorsing the President's
action in refusing to pardon Eugene
V. Debs.
INDIANAPOLIS, Nov. 10.— W. Gail
braith, national commander of the
American Legion, today wired Presi
dent Wilson indorsing the President's
action in refusing to pardon Eugene
V. Debs.
INDIANAPOLIS, Nov. 10.— W. Gail
braith, national commander of the
American Legion, today wired Presi
dent Wilson indorsing the President's
action in refusing to pardon Eugene
V. Debs.
INDIANAPOLIS, Nov. 10.— W. Gail
braith, national commander of the
American Legion, today wired Presi
dent Wilson indorsing the President's
action in refusing to pardon Eugene
V. Debs.
INDIANAPOLIS, Nov. 10.— W. Gail
braith, national commander of the
American Legion, today wired Presi
dent Wilson indorsing the President's
action in refusing to pardon Eugene
V. Debs.
INDIANAPOLIS, Nov. 10.— W. Gail
braith, national commander of the
American Legion, today wired Presi
dent Wilson indorsing the President's
action in refusing to pardon Eugene
V. Debs.
INDIANAPOLIS, Nov. 10.— W. Gail
braith, national commander of the
American Legion, today wired Presi
dent Wilson indorsing the President's
action in refusing to pardon Eugene
V. Debs.
INDIANAPOLIS, Nov. 10.— W. Gail
braith, national commander of the
American Legion, today wired Presi
dent Wilson indorsing the President's
action in refusing to pardon Eugene
V. Debs.
INDIANAPOLIS, Nov. 10.— W. Gail
braith, national commander of the
American Legion, today wired Presi
dent Wilson indorsing the President's
action in refusing to pardon Eugene
V. Debs.
