# SAME FRIDAY HOURS
## 
### 
In announcing the opening of
the library reserve book room
on Sunday nights, authorities
added that as in the past the
reserve room, loan desk, and
main reading room of the li
brary will be open on Friday
nights.
In announcing the opening of
the library reserve book room
on Sunday nights, authorities
added that as in the past the
reserve room, loan desk, and
main reading room of the li
brary will be open on Friday
nights.
In announcing the opening of
the library reserve book room
on Sunday nights, authorities
added that as in the past the
reserve room, loan desk, and
main reading room of the li
brary will be open on Friday
nights.
In announcing the opening of
the library reserve book room
on Sunday nights, authorities
added that as in the past the
reserve room, loan desk, and
main reading room of the li
brary will be open on Friday
nights.
In announcing the opening of
the library reserve book room
on Sunday nights, authorities
added that as in the past the
reserve room, loan desk, and
main reading room of the li
brary will be open on Friday
nights.
In announcing the opening of
the library reserve book room
on Sunday nights, authorities
added that as in the past the
reserve room, loan desk, and
main reading room of the li
brary will be open on Friday
nights.
In announcing the opening of
the library reserve book room
on Sunday nights, authorities
added that as in the past the
reserve room, loan desk, and
main reading room of the li
brary will be open on Friday
nights.
In announcing the opening of
the library reserve book room
on Sunday nights, authorities
added that as in the past the
reserve room, loan desk, and
main reading room of the li
brary will be open on Friday
nights.
In announcing the opening of
the library reserve book room
on Sunday nights, authorities
added that as in the past the
reserve room, loan desk, and
main reading room of the li
brary will be open on Friday
nights.
In announcing the opening of
the library reserve book room
on Sunday nights, authorities
added that as in the past the
reserve room, loan desk, and
main reading room of the li
brary will be open on Friday
nights.
In announcing the opening of
the library reserve book room
on Sunday nights, authorities
added that as in the past the
reserve room, loan desk, and
main reading room of the li
brary will be open on Friday
nights.
In announcing the opening of
the library reserve book room
on Sunday nights, authorities
added that as in the past the
reserve room, loan desk, and
main reading room of the li
brary will be open on Friday
nights.
In announcing the opening of
the library reserve book room
on Sunday nights, authorities
added that as in the past the
reserve room, loan desk, and
main reading room of the li
brary will be open on Friday
nights.
In announcing the opening of
the library reserve book room
on Sunday nights, authorities
added that as in the past the
reserve room, loan desk, and
main reading room of the li
brary will be open on Friday
nights.
In announcing the opening of
the library reserve book room
on Sunday nights, authorities
added that as in the past the
reserve room, loan desk, and
main reading room of the li
brary will be open on Friday
nights.
In announcing the opening of
the library reserve book room
on Sunday nights, authorities
added that as in the past the
reserve room, loan desk, and
main reading room of the li
brary will be open on Friday
nights.
