# Reich Bans Naming Nobel Candidates
## 
### 
• BERLIN. Nov. 1 (UP).—The Reich
Ministry of Education today forbade
any German from suggesting candi
dates for Nobel prizes or participat
ing on any bodies making such sug
gestions, even though the candidate
is a foreigner.
Germans already are forbidden to
accept Nobel prizes for which Fueh
rer Adolf Hitler recently established
substitutes called "German national
awards."
• BERLIN. Nov. 1 (UP).—The Reich
Ministry of Education today forbade
any German from suggesting candi
dates for Nobel prizes or participat
ing on any bodies making such sug
gestions, even though the candidate
is a foreigner.
Germans already are forbidden to
accept Nobel prizes for which Fueh
rer Adolf Hitler recently established
substitutes called "German national
awards."
• BERLIN. Nov. 1 (UP).—The Reich
Ministry of Education today forbade
any German from suggesting candi
dates for Nobel prizes or participat
ing on any bodies making such sug
gestions, even though the candidate
is a foreigner.
Germans already are forbidden to
accept Nobel prizes for which Fueh
rer Adolf Hitler recently established
substitutes called "German national
awards."
• BERLIN. Nov. 1 (UP).—The Reich
Ministry of Education today forbade
any German from suggesting candi
dates for Nobel prizes or participat
ing on any bodies making such sug
gestions, even though the candidate
is a foreigner.
Germans already are forbidden to
accept Nobel prizes for which Fueh
rer Adolf Hitler recently established
substitutes called "German national
awards."
• BERLIN. Nov. 1 (UP).—The Reich
Ministry of Education today forbade
any German from suggesting candi
dates for Nobel prizes or participat
ing on any bodies making such sug
gestions, even though the candidate
is a foreigner.
Germans already are forbidden to
accept Nobel prizes for which Fueh
rer Adolf Hitler recently established
substitutes called "German national
awards."
• BERLIN. Nov. 1 (UP).—The Reich
Ministry of Education today forbade
any German from suggesting candi
dates for Nobel prizes or participat
ing on any bodies making such sug
gestions, even though the candidate
is a foreigner.
Germans already are forbidden to
accept Nobel prizes for which Fueh
rer Adolf Hitler recently established
substitutes called "German national
awards."
• BERLIN. Nov. 1 (UP).—The Reich
Ministry of Education today forbade
any German from suggesting candi
dates for Nobel prizes or participat
ing on any bodies making such sug
gestions, even though the candidate
is a foreigner.
Germans already are forbidden to
accept Nobel prizes for which Fueh
rer Adolf Hitler recently established
substitutes called "German national
awards."
• BERLIN. Nov. 1 (UP).—The Reich
Ministry of Education today forbade
any German from suggesting candi
dates for Nobel prizes or participat
ing on any bodies making such sug
gestions, even though the candidate
is a foreigner.
Germans already are forbidden to
accept Nobel prizes for which Fueh
rer Adolf Hitler recently established
substitutes called "German national
awards."
• BERLIN. Nov. 1 (UP).—The Reich
Ministry of Education today forbade
any German from suggesting candi
dates for Nobel prizes or participat
ing on any bodies making such sug
gestions, even though the candidate
is a foreigner.
Germans already are forbidden to
accept Nobel prizes for which Fueh
rer Adolf Hitler recently established
substitutes called "German national
awards."
• BERLIN. Nov. 1 (UP).—The Reich
Ministry of Education today forbade
any German from suggesting candi
dates for Nobel prizes or participat
ing on any bodies making such sug
gestions, even though the candidate
is a foreigner.
Germans already are forbidden to
accept Nobel prizes for which Fueh
rer Adolf Hitler recently established
substitutes called "German national
awards."
• BERLIN. Nov. 1 (UP).—The Reich
Ministry of Education today forbade
any German from suggesting candi
dates for Nobel prizes or participat
ing on any bodies making such sug
gestions, even though the candidate
is a foreigner.
Germans already are forbidden to
accept Nobel prizes for which Fueh
rer Adolf Hitler recently established
substitutes called "German national
awards."
• BERLIN. Nov. 1 (UP).—The Reich
Ministry of Education today forbade
any German from suggesting candi
dates for Nobel prizes or participat
ing on any bodies making such sug
gestions, even though the candidate
is a foreigner.
Germans already are forbidden to
accept Nobel prizes for which Fueh
rer Adolf Hitler recently established
substitutes called "German national
awards."
• BERLIN. Nov. 1 (UP).—The Reich
Ministry of Education today forbade
any German from suggesting candi
dates for Nobel prizes or participat
ing on any bodies making such sug
gestions, even though the candidate
is a foreigner.
Germans already are forbidden to
accept Nobel prizes for which Fueh
rer Adolf Hitler recently established
substitutes called "German national
awards."
• BERLIN. Nov. 1 (UP).—The Reich
Ministry of Education today forbade
any German from suggesting candi
dates for Nobel prizes or participat
ing on any bodies making such sug
gestions, even though the candidate
is a foreigner.
Germans already are forbidden to
accept Nobel prizes for which Fueh
rer Adolf Hitler recently established
substitutes called "German national
awards."
• BERLIN. Nov. 1 (UP).—The Reich
Ministry of Education today forbade
any German from suggesting candi
dates for Nobel prizes or participat
ing on any bodies making such sug
gestions, even though the candidate
is a foreigner.
Germans already are forbidden to
accept Nobel prizes for which Fueh
rer Adolf Hitler recently established
substitutes called "German national
awards."
• BERLIN. Nov. 1 (UP).—The Reich
Ministry of Education today forbade
any German from suggesting candi
dates for Nobel prizes or participat
ing on any bodies making such sug
gestions, even though the candidate
is a foreigner.
Germans already are forbidden to
accept Nobel prizes for which Fueh
rer Adolf Hitler recently established
substitutes called "German national
awards."
