# Varsity Maps New Offense; May Fox S.C.
## Tiny Drills Indian Squad In Improved Tactics For Fray with Troy 
### 
If Coach Howard Jones of the Tro
jans has gone to a lot of trouble to
learn Stanford plays and prepare his
team for them, he is going to be
fooled.
Coach Tiny Thornhill was dissatis
fied with his offense Saturday; so he
threw several pages of his favorite
plays into the wastebasket, took out

his pencil and clean paper, and
mapped out a new set of offensive
maneuvers.
Varsity gridders spent a long ses
sion learning the new tactics yester
day. Neil Rasmussen, who may see
action Saturday for the first time
since he sprained his ankle several
weeks ago, turned out in pads to try
the new plays.
If Coach Howard Jones of the Tro
jans has gone to a lot of trouble to
learn Stanford plays and prepare his
team for them, he is going to be
fooled.
Coach Tiny Thornhill was dissatis
fied with his offense Saturday; so he
threw several pages of his favorite
plays into the wastebasket, took out

his pencil and clean paper, and
mapped out a new set of offensive
maneuvers.
Varsity gridders spent a long ses
sion learning the new tactics yester
day. Neil Rasmussen, who may see
action Saturday for the first time
since he sprained his ankle several
weeks ago, turned out in pads to try
the new plays.
If Coach Howard Jones of the Tro
jans has gone to a lot of trouble to
learn Stanford plays and prepare his
team for them, he is going to be
fooled.
Coach Tiny Thornhill was dissatis
fied with his offense Saturday; so he
threw several pages of his favorite
plays into the wastebasket, took out

his pencil and clean paper, and
mapped out a new set of offensive
maneuvers.
Varsity gridders spent a long ses
sion learning the new tactics yester
day. Neil Rasmussen, who may see
action Saturday for the first time
since he sprained his ankle several
weeks ago, turned out in pads to try
the new plays.
If Coach Howard Jones of the Tro
jans has gone to a lot of trouble to
learn Stanford plays and prepare his
team for them, he is going to be
fooled.
Coach Tiny Thornhill was dissatis
fied with his offense Saturday; so he
threw several pages of his favorite
plays into the wastebasket, took out

his pencil and clean paper, and
mapped out a new set of offensive
maneuvers.
Varsity gridders spent a long ses
sion learning the new tactics yester
day. Neil Rasmussen, who may see
action Saturday for the first time
since he sprained his ankle several
weeks ago, turned out in pads to try
the new plays.
If Coach Howard Jones of the Tro
jans has gone to a lot of trouble to
learn Stanford plays and prepare his
team for them, he is going to be
fooled.
Coach Tiny Thornhill was dissatis
fied with his offense Saturday; so he
threw several pages of his favorite
plays into the wastebasket, took out

his pencil and clean paper, and
mapped out a new set of offensive
maneuvers.
Varsity gridders spent a long ses
sion learning the new tactics yester
day. Neil Rasmussen, who may see
action Saturday for the first time
since he sprained his ankle several
weeks ago, turned out in pads to try
the new plays.
If Coach Howard Jones of the Tro
jans has gone to a lot of trouble to
learn Stanford plays and prepare his
team for them, he is going to be
fooled.
Coach Tiny Thornhill was dissatis
fied with his offense Saturday; so he
threw several pages of his favorite
plays into the wastebasket, took out

his pencil and clean paper, and
mapped out a new set of offensive
maneuvers.
Varsity gridders spent a long ses
sion learning the new tactics yester
day. Neil Rasmussen, who may see
action Saturday for the first time
since he sprained his ankle several
weeks ago, turned out in pads to try
the new plays.
If Coach Howard Jones of the Tro
jans has gone to a lot of trouble to
learn Stanford plays and prepare his
team for them, he is going to be
fooled.
Coach Tiny Thornhill was dissatis
fied with his offense Saturday; so he
threw several pages of his favorite
plays into the wastebasket, took out

his pencil and clean paper, and
mapped out a new set of offensive
maneuvers.
Varsity gridders spent a long ses
sion learning the new tactics yester
day. Neil Rasmussen, who may see
action Saturday for the first time
since he sprained his ankle several
weeks ago, turned out in pads to try
the new plays.
If Coach Howard Jones of the Tro
jans has gone to a lot of trouble to
learn Stanford plays and prepare his
team for them, he is going to be
fooled.
Coach Tiny Thornhill was dissatis
fied with his offense Saturday; so he
threw several pages of his favorite
plays into the wastebasket, took out

his pencil and clean paper, and
mapped out a new set of offensive
maneuvers.
Varsity gridders spent a long ses
sion learning the new tactics yester
day. Neil Rasmussen, who may see
action Saturday for the first time
since he sprained his ankle several
weeks ago, turned out in pads to try
the new plays.
If Coach Howard Jones of the Tro
jans has gone to a lot of trouble to
learn Stanford plays and prepare his
team for them, he is going to be
fooled.
Coach Tiny Thornhill was dissatis
fied with his offense Saturday; so he
threw several pages of his favorite
plays into the wastebasket, took out

his pencil and clean paper, and
mapped out a new set of offensive
maneuvers.
Varsity gridders spent a long ses
sion learning the new tactics yester
day. Neil Rasmussen, who may see
action Saturday for the first time
since he sprained his ankle several
weeks ago, turned out in pads to try
the new plays.
If Coach Howard Jones of the Tro
jans has gone to a lot of trouble to
learn Stanford plays and prepare his
team for them, he is going to be
fooled.
Coach Tiny Thornhill was dissatis
fied with his offense Saturday; so he
threw several pages of his favorite
plays into the wastebasket, took out

his pencil and clean paper, and
mapped out a new set of offensive
maneuvers.
Varsity gridders spent a long ses
sion learning the new tactics yester
day. Neil Rasmussen, who may see
action Saturday for the first time
since he sprained his ankle several
weeks ago, turned out in pads to try
the new plays.
If Coach Howard Jones of the Tro
jans has gone to a lot of trouble to
learn Stanford plays and prepare his
team for them, he is going to be
fooled.
Coach Tiny Thornhill was dissatis
fied with his offense Saturday; so he
threw several pages of his favorite
plays into the wastebasket, took out

his pencil and clean paper, and
mapped out a new set of offensive
maneuvers.
Varsity gridders spent a long ses
sion learning the new tactics yester
day. Neil Rasmussen, who may see
action Saturday for the first time
since he sprained his ankle several
weeks ago, turned out in pads to try
the new plays.
If Coach Howard Jones of the Tro
jans has gone to a lot of trouble to
learn Stanford plays and prepare his
team for them, he is going to be
fooled.
Coach Tiny Thornhill was dissatis
fied with his offense Saturday; so he
threw several pages of his favorite
plays into the wastebasket, took out

his pencil and clean paper, and
mapped out a new set of offensive
maneuvers.
Varsity gridders spent a long ses
sion learning the new tactics yester
day. Neil Rasmussen, who may see
action Saturday for the first time
since he sprained his ankle several
weeks ago, turned out in pads to try
the new plays.
If Coach Howard Jones of the Tro
jans has gone to a lot of trouble to
learn Stanford plays and prepare his
team for them, he is going to be
fooled.
Coach Tiny Thornhill was dissatis
fied with his offense Saturday; so he
threw several pages of his favorite
plays into the wastebasket, took out

his pencil and clean paper, and
mapped out a new set of offensive
maneuvers.
Varsity gridders spent a long ses
sion learning the new tactics yester
day. Neil Rasmussen, who may see
action Saturday for the first time
since he sprained his ankle several
weeks ago, turned out in pads to try
the new plays.
If Coach Howard Jones of the Tro
jans has gone to a lot of trouble to
learn Stanford plays and prepare his
team for them, he is going to be
fooled.
Coach Tiny Thornhill was dissatis
fied with his offense Saturday; so he
threw several pages of his favorite
plays into the wastebasket, took out

his pencil and clean paper, and
mapped out a new set of offensive
maneuvers.
Varsity gridders spent a long ses
sion learning the new tactics yester
day. Neil Rasmussen, who may see
action Saturday for the first time
since he sprained his ankle several
weeks ago, turned out in pads to try
the new plays.
If Coach Howard Jones of the Tro
jans has gone to a lot of trouble to
learn Stanford plays and prepare his
team for them, he is going to be
fooled.
Coach Tiny Thornhill was dissatis
fied with his offense Saturday; so he
threw several pages of his favorite
plays into the wastebasket, took out

his pencil and clean paper, and
mapped out a new set of offensive
maneuvers.
Varsity gridders spent a long ses
sion learning the new tactics yester
day. Neil Rasmussen, who may see
action Saturday for the first time
since he sprained his ankle several
weeks ago, turned out in pads to try
the new plays.
If Coach Howard Jones of the Tro
jans has gone to a lot of trouble to
learn Stanford plays and prepare his
team for them, he is going to be
fooled.
Coach Tiny Thornhill was dissatis
fied with his offense Saturday; so he
threw several pages of his favorite
plays into the wastebasket, took out

his pencil and clean paper, and
mapped out a new set of offensive
maneuvers.
Varsity gridders spent a long ses
sion learning the new tactics yester
day. Neil Rasmussen, who may see
action Saturday for the first time
since he sprained his ankle several
weeks ago, turned out in pads to try
the new plays.
