# Famous Director To Speak Here
## 
### 
Walter Wanger, prominent Holly
wood producer and director, will
speak on "The Motion Picture In
dustry and Better Pictures" as a
feature of the second annual Na
tional Conference on Children and
the Theater to be held here today and
Thursday under direction of Hubert
Heffner, head of the Stanford speech
and drama department, and Hazel
Glaister Robertson,
There will be four discussion ses
sions, two luncheons, two dinners,
and one breakfast meeting during
the two-day conference. Registra
tion will be at 9:30 o'clock April 9
in the lobby of Memorial Hall, and
reservations may be obtained by
telephoning the Children's Theater
in Palo Alto or Chester Barker at
Memorial Hall.
Other speakers will be Dr. Ethel
Sabin-Smith of Mills College, Dr.
Margaret Carhart of U.C.LA., Dean
Claude Shull of San Francisco Jun
ior College, Mrs. Leo B Hedges,
California motion pictures chairman
for the Parent-Teacher Association,
Mrs. Frances Clarke Sayers of the
University of California, and mem
bers of the Stanford Department of
Speech and Drama.
Walter Wanger, prominent Holly
wood producer and director, will
speak on "The Motion Picture In
dustry and Better Pictures" as a
feature of the second annual Na
tional Conference on Children and
the Theater to be held here today and
Thursday under direction of Hubert
Heffner, head of the Stanford speech
and drama department, and Hazel
Glaister Robertson,
There will be four discussion ses
sions, two luncheons, two dinners,
and one breakfast meeting during
the two-day conference. Registra
tion will be at 9:30 o'clock April 9
in the lobby of Memorial Hall, and
reservations may be obtained by
telephoning the Children's Theater
in Palo Alto or Chester Barker at
Memorial Hall.
Other speakers will be Dr. Ethel
Sabin-Smith of Mills College, Dr.
Margaret Carhart of U.C.LA., Dean
Claude Shull of San Francisco Jun
ior College, Mrs. Leo B Hedges,
California motion pictures chairman
for the Parent-Teacher Association,
Mrs. Frances Clarke Sayers of the
University of California, and mem
bers of the Stanford Department of
Speech and Drama.
Walter Wanger, prominent Holly
wood producer and director, will
speak on "The Motion Picture In
dustry and Better Pictures" as a
feature of the second annual Na
tional Conference on Children and
the Theater to be held here today and
Thursday under direction of Hubert
Heffner, head of the Stanford speech
and drama department, and Hazel
Glaister Robertson,
There will be four discussion ses
sions, two luncheons, two dinners,
and one breakfast meeting during
the two-day conference. Registra
tion will be at 9:30 o'clock April 9
in the lobby of Memorial Hall, and
reservations may be obtained by
telephoning the Children's Theater
in Palo Alto or Chester Barker at
Memorial Hall.
Other speakers will be Dr. Ethel
Sabin-Smith of Mills College, Dr.
Margaret Carhart of U.C.LA., Dean
Claude Shull of San Francisco Jun
ior College, Mrs. Leo B Hedges,
California motion pictures chairman
for the Parent-Teacher Association,
Mrs. Frances Clarke Sayers of the
University of California, and mem
bers of the Stanford Department of
Speech and Drama.
Walter Wanger, prominent Holly
wood producer and director, will
speak on "The Motion Picture In
dustry and Better Pictures" as a
feature of the second annual Na
tional Conference on Children and
the Theater to be held here today and
Thursday under direction of Hubert
Heffner, head of the Stanford speech
and drama department, and Hazel
Glaister Robertson,
There will be four discussion ses
sions, two luncheons, two dinners,
and one breakfast meeting during
the two-day conference. Registra
tion will be at 9:30 o'clock April 9
in the lobby of Memorial Hall, and
reservations may be obtained by
telephoning the Children's Theater
in Palo Alto or Chester Barker at
Memorial Hall.
Other speakers will be Dr. Ethel
Sabin-Smith of Mills College, Dr.
Margaret Carhart of U.C.LA., Dean
Claude Shull of San Francisco Jun
ior College, Mrs. Leo B Hedges,
California motion pictures chairman
for the Parent-Teacher Association,
Mrs. Frances Clarke Sayers of the
University of California, and mem
bers of the Stanford Department of
Speech and Drama.
Walter Wanger, prominent Holly
wood producer and director, will
speak on "The Motion Picture In
dustry and Better Pictures" as a
feature of the second annual Na
tional Conference on Children and
the Theater to be held here today and
Thursday under direction of Hubert
Heffner, head of the Stanford speech
and drama department, and Hazel
Glaister Robertson,
There will be four discussion ses
sions, two luncheons, two dinners,
and one breakfast meeting during
the two-day conference. Registra
tion will be at 9:30 o'clock April 9
in the lobby of Memorial Hall, and
reservations may be obtained by
telephoning the Children's Theater
in Palo Alto or Chester Barker at
Memorial Hall.
Other speakers will be Dr. Ethel
Sabin-Smith of Mills College, Dr.
Margaret Carhart of U.C.LA., Dean
Claude Shull of San Francisco Jun
ior College, Mrs. Leo B Hedges,
California motion pictures chairman
for the Parent-Teacher Association,
Mrs. Frances Clarke Sayers of the
University of California, and mem
bers of the Stanford Department of
Speech and Drama.
Walter Wanger, prominent Holly
wood producer and director, will
speak on "The Motion Picture In
dustry and Better Pictures" as a
feature of the second annual Na
tional Conference on Children and
the Theater to be held here today and
Thursday under direction of Hubert
Heffner, head of the Stanford speech
and drama department, and Hazel
Glaister Robertson,
There will be four discussion ses
sions, two luncheons, two dinners,
and one breakfast meeting during
the two-day conference. Registra
tion will be at 9:30 o'clock April 9
in the lobby of Memorial Hall, and
reservations may be obtained by
telephoning the Children's Theater
in Palo Alto or Chester Barker at
Memorial Hall.
Other speakers will be Dr. Ethel
Sabin-Smith of Mills College, Dr.
Margaret Carhart of U.C.LA., Dean
Claude Shull of San Francisco Jun
ior College, Mrs. Leo B Hedges,
California motion pictures chairman
for the Parent-Teacher Association,
Mrs. Frances Clarke Sayers of the
University of California, and mem
bers of the Stanford Department of
Speech and Drama.
Walter Wanger, prominent Holly
wood producer and director, will
speak on "The Motion Picture In
dustry and Better Pictures" as a
feature of the second annual Na
tional Conference on Children and
the Theater to be held here today and
Thursday under direction of Hubert
Heffner, head of the Stanford speech
and drama department, and Hazel
Glaister Robertson,
There will be four discussion ses
sions, two luncheons, two dinners,
and one breakfast meeting during
the two-day conference. Registra
tion will be at 9:30 o'clock April 9
in the lobby of Memorial Hall, and
reservations may be obtained by
telephoning the Children's Theater
in Palo Alto or Chester Barker at
Memorial Hall.
Other speakers will be Dr. Ethel
Sabin-Smith of Mills College, Dr.
Margaret Carhart of U.C.LA., Dean
Claude Shull of San Francisco Jun
ior College, Mrs. Leo B Hedges,
California motion pictures chairman
for the Parent-Teacher Association,
Mrs. Frances Clarke Sayers of the
University of California, and mem
bers of the Stanford Department of
Speech and Drama.
Walter Wanger, prominent Holly
wood producer and director, will
speak on "The Motion Picture In
dustry and Better Pictures" as a
feature of the second annual Na
tional Conference on Children and
the Theater to be held here today and
Thursday under direction of Hubert
Heffner, head of the Stanford speech
and drama department, and Hazel
Glaister Robertson,
There will be four discussion ses
sions, two luncheons, two dinners,
and one breakfast meeting during
the two-day conference. Registra
tion will be at 9:30 o'clock April 9
in the lobby of Memorial Hall, and
reservations may be obtained by
telephoning the Children's Theater
in Palo Alto or Chester Barker at
Memorial Hall.
Other speakers will be Dr. Ethel
Sabin-Smith of Mills College, Dr.
Margaret Carhart of U.C.LA., Dean
Claude Shull of San Francisco Jun
ior College, Mrs. Leo B Hedges,
California motion pictures chairman
for the Parent-Teacher Association,
Mrs. Frances Clarke Sayers of the
University of California, and mem
bers of the Stanford Department of
Speech and Drama.
Walter Wanger, prominent Holly
wood producer and director, will
speak on "The Motion Picture In
dustry and Better Pictures" as a
feature of the second annual Na
tional Conference on Children and
the Theater to be held here today and
Thursday under direction of Hubert
Heffner, head of the Stanford speech
and drama department, and Hazel
Glaister Robertson,
There will be four discussion ses
sions, two luncheons, two dinners,
and one breakfast meeting during
the two-day conference. Registra
tion will be at 9:30 o'clock April 9
in the lobby of Memorial Hall, and
reservations may be obtained by
telephoning the Children's Theater
in Palo Alto or Chester Barker at
Memorial Hall.
Other speakers will be Dr. Ethel
Sabin-Smith of Mills College, Dr.
Margaret Carhart of U.C.LA., Dean
Claude Shull of San Francisco Jun
ior College, Mrs. Leo B Hedges,
California motion pictures chairman
for the Parent-Teacher Association,
Mrs. Frances Clarke Sayers of the
University of California, and mem
bers of the Stanford Department of
Speech and Drama.
Walter Wanger, prominent Holly
wood producer and director, will
speak on "The Motion Picture In
dustry and Better Pictures" as a
feature of the second annual Na
tional Conference on Children and
the Theater to be held here today and
Thursday under direction of Hubert
Heffner, head of the Stanford speech
and drama department, and Hazel
Glaister Robertson,
There will be four discussion ses
sions, two luncheons, two dinners,
and one breakfast meeting during
the two-day conference. Registra
tion will be at 9:30 o'clock April 9
in the lobby of Memorial Hall, and
reservations may be obtained by
telephoning the Children's Theater
in Palo Alto or Chester Barker at
Memorial Hall.
Other speakers will be Dr. Ethel
Sabin-Smith of Mills College, Dr.
Margaret Carhart of U.C.LA., Dean
Claude Shull of San Francisco Jun
ior College, Mrs. Leo B Hedges,
California motion pictures chairman
for the Parent-Teacher Association,
Mrs. Frances Clarke Sayers of the
University of California, and mem
bers of the Stanford Department of
Speech and Drama.
Walter Wanger, prominent Holly
wood producer and director, will
speak on "The Motion Picture In
dustry and Better Pictures" as a
feature of the second annual Na
tional Conference on Children and
the Theater to be held here today and
Thursday under direction of Hubert
Heffner, head of the Stanford speech
and drama department, and Hazel
Glaister Robertson,
There will be four discussion ses
sions, two luncheons, two dinners,
and one breakfast meeting during
the two-day conference. Registra
tion will be at 9:30 o'clock April 9
in the lobby of Memorial Hall, and
reservations may be obtained by
telephoning the Children's Theater
in Palo Alto or Chester Barker at
Memorial Hall.
Other speakers will be Dr. Ethel
Sabin-Smith of Mills College, Dr.
Margaret Carhart of U.C.LA., Dean
Claude Shull of San Francisco Jun
ior College, Mrs. Leo B Hedges,
California motion pictures chairman
for the Parent-Teacher Association,
Mrs. Frances Clarke Sayers of the
University of California, and mem
bers of the Stanford Department of
Speech and Drama.
Walter Wanger, prominent Holly
wood producer and director, will
speak on "The Motion Picture In
dustry and Better Pictures" as a
feature of the second annual Na
tional Conference on Children and
the Theater to be held here today and
Thursday under direction of Hubert
Heffner, head of the Stanford speech
and drama department, and Hazel
Glaister Robertson,
There will be four discussion ses
sions, two luncheons, two dinners,
and one breakfast meeting during
the two-day conference. Registra
tion will be at 9:30 o'clock April 9
in the lobby of Memorial Hall, and
reservations may be obtained by
telephoning the Children's Theater
in Palo Alto or Chester Barker at
Memorial Hall.
Other speakers will be Dr. Ethel
Sabin-Smith of Mills College, Dr.
Margaret Carhart of U.C.LA., Dean
Claude Shull of San Francisco Jun
ior College, Mrs. Leo B Hedges,
California motion pictures chairman
for the Parent-Teacher Association,
Mrs. Frances Clarke Sayers of the
University of California, and mem
bers of the Stanford Department of
Speech and Drama.
Walter Wanger, prominent Holly
wood producer and director, will
speak on "The Motion Picture In
dustry and Better Pictures" as a
feature of the second annual Na
tional Conference on Children and
the Theater to be held here today and
Thursday under direction of Hubert
Heffner, head of the Stanford speech
and drama department, and Hazel
Glaister Robertson,
There will be four discussion ses
sions, two luncheons, two dinners,
and one breakfast meeting during
the two-day conference. Registra
tion will be at 9:30 o'clock April 9
in the lobby of Memorial Hall, and
reservations may be obtained by
telephoning the Children's Theater
in Palo Alto or Chester Barker at
Memorial Hall.
Other speakers will be Dr. Ethel
Sabin-Smith of Mills College, Dr.
Margaret Carhart of U.C.LA., Dean
Claude Shull of San Francisco Jun
ior College, Mrs. Leo B Hedges,
California motion pictures chairman
for the Parent-Teacher Association,
Mrs. Frances Clarke Sayers of the
University of California, and mem
bers of the Stanford Department of
Speech and Drama.
Walter Wanger, prominent Holly
wood producer and director, will
speak on "The Motion Picture In
dustry and Better Pictures" as a
feature of the second annual Na
tional Conference on Children and
the Theater to be held here today and
Thursday under direction of Hubert
Heffner, head of the Stanford speech
and drama department, and Hazel
Glaister Robertson,
There will be four discussion ses
sions, two luncheons, two dinners,
and one breakfast meeting during
the two-day conference. Registra
tion will be at 9:30 o'clock April 9
in the lobby of Memorial Hall, and
reservations may be obtained by
telephoning the Children's Theater
in Palo Alto or Chester Barker at
Memorial Hall.
Other speakers will be Dr. Ethel
Sabin-Smith of Mills College, Dr.
Margaret Carhart of U.C.LA., Dean
Claude Shull of San Francisco Jun
ior College, Mrs. Leo B Hedges,
California motion pictures chairman
for the Parent-Teacher Association,
Mrs. Frances Clarke Sayers of the
University of California, and mem
bers of the Stanford Department of
Speech and Drama.
Walter Wanger, prominent Holly
wood producer and director, will
speak on "The Motion Picture In
dustry and Better Pictures" as a
feature of the second annual Na
tional Conference on Children and
the Theater to be held here today and
Thursday under direction of Hubert
Heffner, head of the Stanford speech
and drama department, and Hazel
Glaister Robertson,
There will be four discussion ses
sions, two luncheons, two dinners,
and one breakfast meeting during
the two-day conference. Registra
tion will be at 9:30 o'clock April 9
in the lobby of Memorial Hall, and
reservations may be obtained by
telephoning the Children's Theater
in Palo Alto or Chester Barker at
Memorial Hall.
Other speakers will be Dr. Ethel
Sabin-Smith of Mills College, Dr.
Margaret Carhart of U.C.LA., Dean
Claude Shull of San Francisco Jun
ior College, Mrs. Leo B Hedges,
California motion pictures chairman
for the Parent-Teacher Association,
Mrs. Frances Clarke Sayers of the
University of California, and mem
bers of the Stanford Department of
Speech and Drama.
Walter Wanger, prominent Holly
wood producer and director, will
speak on "The Motion Picture In
dustry and Better Pictures" as a
feature of the second annual Na
tional Conference on Children and
the Theater to be held here today and
Thursday under direction of Hubert
Heffner, head of the Stanford speech
and drama department, and Hazel
Glaister Robertson,
There will be four discussion ses
sions, two luncheons, two dinners,
and one breakfast meeting during
the two-day conference. Registra
tion will be at 9:30 o'clock April 9
in the lobby of Memorial Hall, and
reservations may be obtained by
telephoning the Children's Theater
in Palo Alto or Chester Barker at
Memorial Hall.
Other speakers will be Dr. Ethel
Sabin-Smith of Mills College, Dr.
Margaret Carhart of U.C.LA., Dean
Claude Shull of San Francisco Jun
ior College, Mrs. Leo B Hedges,
California motion pictures chairman
for the Parent-Teacher Association,
Mrs. Frances Clarke Sayers of the
University of California, and mem
bers of the Stanford Department of
Speech and Drama.
Walter Wanger, prominent Holly
wood producer and director, will
speak on "The Motion Picture In
dustry and Better Pictures" as a
feature of the second annual Na
tional Conference on Children and
the Theater to be held here today and
Thursday under direction of Hubert
Heffner, head of the Stanford speech
and drama department, and Hazel
Glaister Robertson,
There will be four discussion ses
sions, two luncheons, two dinners,
and one breakfast meeting during
the two-day conference. Registra
tion will be at 9:30 o'clock April 9
in the lobby of Memorial Hall, and
reservations may be obtained by
telephoning the Children's Theater
in Palo Alto or Chester Barker at
Memorial Hall.
Other speakers will be Dr. Ethel
Sabin-Smith of Mills College, Dr.
Margaret Carhart of U.C.LA., Dean
Claude Shull of San Francisco Jun
ior College, Mrs. Leo B Hedges,
California motion pictures chairman
for the Parent-Teacher Association,
Mrs. Frances Clarke Sayers of the
University of California, and mem
bers of the Stanford Department of
Speech and Drama.
Walter Wanger, prominent Holly
wood producer and director, will
speak on "The Motion Picture In
dustry and Better Pictures" as a
feature of the second annual Na
tional Conference on Children and
the Theater to be held here today and
Thursday under direction of Hubert
Heffner, head of the Stanford speech
and drama department, and Hazel
Glaister Robertson,
There will be four discussion ses
sions, two luncheons, two dinners,
and one breakfast meeting during
the two-day conference. Registra
tion will be at 9:30 o'clock April 9
in the lobby of Memorial Hall, and
reservations may be obtained by
telephoning the Children's Theater
in Palo Alto or Chester Barker at
Memorial Hall.
Other speakers will be Dr. Ethel
Sabin-Smith of Mills College, Dr.
Margaret Carhart of U.C.LA., Dean
Claude Shull of San Francisco Jun
ior College, Mrs. Leo B Hedges,
California motion pictures chairman
for the Parent-Teacher Association,
Mrs. Frances Clarke Sayers of the
University of California, and mem
bers of the Stanford Department of
Speech and Drama.
