# Reid Lectures On Philosophy
## 
### 
The philosophy department of
Stanford University Monday night
presented the first of three lecture
forums dealing with various phases
of philosophy. The speaker was Dr.
John Reid, assistant professor of
philosophy, and his subject was "The
Meaning of Philosophy." Dr. E. W.
Hall introduced the speaker and
presided over the discussion that
followed.
Dr, Reid carefully analyzed his
subject, pointing out errors in the
general conceptions of philosophy.
He stated that philosophy was
neither a science, nor a religion, but
concerned itself with general ques
tion of man's relationship to nature
and to other men, taking in every
thing and anything in order to do
justice to the question at hand as
systematically as that question will
allow and as broadly as the human
mind can conceive it. Accenting
that mysticism and science both had
their place in philosophy, Dr. Reid
concluded that philosophy was pri
marily a critical activity, a tech
nique of action Tor resolving and
discussing such general questions.
Two more meetings, discussing
"Philosophy and Science," and "The
Uses of Philosophy," will be held
April 14 and 21, in the Education
Auditorium.
The philosophy department of
Stanford University Monday night
presented the first of three lecture
forums dealing with various phases
of philosophy. The speaker was Dr.
John Reid, assistant professor of
philosophy, and his subject was "The
Meaning of Philosophy." Dr. E. W.
Hall introduced the speaker and
presided over the discussion that
followed.
Dr, Reid carefully analyzed his
subject, pointing out errors in the
general conceptions of philosophy.
He stated that philosophy was
neither a science, nor a religion, but
concerned itself with general ques
tion of man's relationship to nature
and to other men, taking in every
thing and anything in order to do
justice to the question at hand as
systematically as that question will
allow and as broadly as the human
mind can conceive it. Accenting
that mysticism and science both had
their place in philosophy, Dr. Reid
concluded that philosophy was pri
marily a critical activity, a tech
nique of action Tor resolving and
discussing such general questions.
Two more meetings, discussing
"Philosophy and Science," and "The
Uses of Philosophy," will be held
April 14 and 21, in the Education
Auditorium.
The philosophy department of
Stanford University Monday night
presented the first of three lecture
forums dealing with various phases
of philosophy. The speaker was Dr.
John Reid, assistant professor of
philosophy, and his subject was "The
Meaning of Philosophy." Dr. E. W.
Hall introduced the speaker and
presided over the discussion that
followed.
Dr, Reid carefully analyzed his
subject, pointing out errors in the
general conceptions of philosophy.
He stated that philosophy was
neither a science, nor a religion, but
concerned itself with general ques
tion of man's relationship to nature
and to other men, taking in every
thing and anything in order to do
justice to the question at hand as
systematically as that question will
allow and as broadly as the human
mind can conceive it. Accenting
that mysticism and science both had
their place in philosophy, Dr. Reid
concluded that philosophy was pri
marily a critical activity, a tech
nique of action Tor resolving and
discussing such general questions.
Two more meetings, discussing
"Philosophy and Science," and "The
Uses of Philosophy," will be held
April 14 and 21, in the Education
Auditorium.
The philosophy department of
Stanford University Monday night
presented the first of three lecture
forums dealing with various phases
of philosophy. The speaker was Dr.
John Reid, assistant professor of
philosophy, and his subject was "The
Meaning of Philosophy." Dr. E. W.
Hall introduced the speaker and
presided over the discussion that
followed.
Dr, Reid carefully analyzed his
subject, pointing out errors in the
general conceptions of philosophy.
He stated that philosophy was
neither a science, nor a religion, but
concerned itself with general ques
tion of man's relationship to nature
and to other men, taking in every
thing and anything in order to do
justice to the question at hand as
systematically as that question will
allow and as broadly as the human
mind can conceive it. Accenting
that mysticism and science both had
their place in philosophy, Dr. Reid
concluded that philosophy was pri
marily a critical activity, a tech
nique of action Tor resolving and
discussing such general questions.
Two more meetings, discussing
"Philosophy and Science," and "The
Uses of Philosophy," will be held
April 14 and 21, in the Education
Auditorium.
The philosophy department of
Stanford University Monday night
presented the first of three lecture
forums dealing with various phases
of philosophy. The speaker was Dr.
John Reid, assistant professor of
philosophy, and his subject was "The
Meaning of Philosophy." Dr. E. W.
Hall introduced the speaker and
presided over the discussion that
followed.
Dr, Reid carefully analyzed his
subject, pointing out errors in the
general conceptions of philosophy.
He stated that philosophy was
neither a science, nor a religion, but
concerned itself with general ques
tion of man's relationship to nature
and to other men, taking in every
thing and anything in order to do
justice to the question at hand as
systematically as that question will
allow and as broadly as the human
mind can conceive it. Accenting
that mysticism and science both had
their place in philosophy, Dr. Reid
concluded that philosophy was pri
marily a critical activity, a tech
nique of action Tor resolving and
discussing such general questions.
Two more meetings, discussing
"Philosophy and Science," and "The
Uses of Philosophy," will be held
April 14 and 21, in the Education
Auditorium.
The philosophy department of
Stanford University Monday night
presented the first of three lecture
forums dealing with various phases
of philosophy. The speaker was Dr.
John Reid, assistant professor of
philosophy, and his subject was "The
Meaning of Philosophy." Dr. E. W.
Hall introduced the speaker and
presided over the discussion that
followed.
Dr, Reid carefully analyzed his
subject, pointing out errors in the
general conceptions of philosophy.
He stated that philosophy was
neither a science, nor a religion, but
concerned itself with general ques
tion of man's relationship to nature
and to other men, taking in every
thing and anything in order to do
justice to the question at hand as
systematically as that question will
allow and as broadly as the human
mind can conceive it. Accenting
that mysticism and science both had
their place in philosophy, Dr. Reid
concluded that philosophy was pri
marily a critical activity, a tech
nique of action Tor resolving and
discussing such general questions.
Two more meetings, discussing
"Philosophy and Science," and "The
Uses of Philosophy," will be held
April 14 and 21, in the Education
Auditorium.
The philosophy department of
Stanford University Monday night
presented the first of three lecture
forums dealing with various phases
of philosophy. The speaker was Dr.
John Reid, assistant professor of
philosophy, and his subject was "The
Meaning of Philosophy." Dr. E. W.
Hall introduced the speaker and
presided over the discussion that
followed.
Dr, Reid carefully analyzed his
subject, pointing out errors in the
general conceptions of philosophy.
He stated that philosophy was
neither a science, nor a religion, but
concerned itself with general ques
tion of man's relationship to nature
and to other men, taking in every
thing and anything in order to do
justice to the question at hand as
systematically as that question will
allow and as broadly as the human
mind can conceive it. Accenting
that mysticism and science both had
their place in philosophy, Dr. Reid
concluded that philosophy was pri
marily a critical activity, a tech
nique of action Tor resolving and
discussing such general questions.
Two more meetings, discussing
"Philosophy and Science," and "The
Uses of Philosophy," will be held
April 14 and 21, in the Education
Auditorium.
The philosophy department of
Stanford University Monday night
presented the first of three lecture
forums dealing with various phases
of philosophy. The speaker was Dr.
John Reid, assistant professor of
philosophy, and his subject was "The
Meaning of Philosophy." Dr. E. W.
Hall introduced the speaker and
presided over the discussion that
followed.
Dr, Reid carefully analyzed his
subject, pointing out errors in the
general conceptions of philosophy.
He stated that philosophy was
neither a science, nor a religion, but
concerned itself with general ques
tion of man's relationship to nature
and to other men, taking in every
thing and anything in order to do
justice to the question at hand as
systematically as that question will
allow and as broadly as the human
mind can conceive it. Accenting
that mysticism and science both had
their place in philosophy, Dr. Reid
concluded that philosophy was pri
marily a critical activity, a tech
nique of action Tor resolving and
discussing such general questions.
Two more meetings, discussing
"Philosophy and Science," and "The
Uses of Philosophy," will be held
April 14 and 21, in the Education
Auditorium.
The philosophy department of
Stanford University Monday night
presented the first of three lecture
forums dealing with various phases
of philosophy. The speaker was Dr.
John Reid, assistant professor of
philosophy, and his subject was "The
Meaning of Philosophy." Dr. E. W.
Hall introduced the speaker and
presided over the discussion that
followed.
Dr, Reid carefully analyzed his
subject, pointing out errors in the
general conceptions of philosophy.
He stated that philosophy was
neither a science, nor a religion, but
concerned itself with general ques
tion of man's relationship to nature
and to other men, taking in every
thing and anything in order to do
justice to the question at hand as
systematically as that question will
allow and as broadly as the human
mind can conceive it. Accenting
that mysticism and science both had
their place in philosophy, Dr. Reid
concluded that philosophy was pri
marily a critical activity, a tech
nique of action Tor resolving and
discussing such general questions.
Two more meetings, discussing
"Philosophy and Science," and "The
Uses of Philosophy," will be held
April 14 and 21, in the Education
Auditorium.
The philosophy department of
Stanford University Monday night
presented the first of three lecture
forums dealing with various phases
of philosophy. The speaker was Dr.
John Reid, assistant professor of
philosophy, and his subject was "The
Meaning of Philosophy." Dr. E. W.
Hall introduced the speaker and
presided over the discussion that
followed.
Dr, Reid carefully analyzed his
subject, pointing out errors in the
general conceptions of philosophy.
He stated that philosophy was
neither a science, nor a religion, but
concerned itself with general ques
tion of man's relationship to nature
and to other men, taking in every
thing and anything in order to do
justice to the question at hand as
systematically as that question will
allow and as broadly as the human
mind can conceive it. Accenting
that mysticism and science both had
their place in philosophy, Dr. Reid
concluded that philosophy was pri
marily a critical activity, a tech
nique of action Tor resolving and
discussing such general questions.
Two more meetings, discussing
"Philosophy and Science," and "The
Uses of Philosophy," will be held
April 14 and 21, in the Education
Auditorium.
The philosophy department of
Stanford University Monday night
presented the first of three lecture
forums dealing with various phases
of philosophy. The speaker was Dr.
John Reid, assistant professor of
philosophy, and his subject was "The
Meaning of Philosophy." Dr. E. W.
Hall introduced the speaker and
presided over the discussion that
followed.
Dr, Reid carefully analyzed his
subject, pointing out errors in the
general conceptions of philosophy.
He stated that philosophy was
neither a science, nor a religion, but
concerned itself with general ques
tion of man's relationship to nature
and to other men, taking in every
thing and anything in order to do
justice to the question at hand as
systematically as that question will
allow and as broadly as the human
mind can conceive it. Accenting
that mysticism and science both had
their place in philosophy, Dr. Reid
concluded that philosophy was pri
marily a critical activity, a tech
nique of action Tor resolving and
discussing such general questions.
Two more meetings, discussing
"Philosophy and Science," and "The
Uses of Philosophy," will be held
April 14 and 21, in the Education
Auditorium.
The philosophy department of
Stanford University Monday night
presented the first of three lecture
forums dealing with various phases
of philosophy. The speaker was Dr.
John Reid, assistant professor of
philosophy, and his subject was "The
Meaning of Philosophy." Dr. E. W.
Hall introduced the speaker and
presided over the discussion that
followed.
Dr, Reid carefully analyzed his
subject, pointing out errors in the
general conceptions of philosophy.
He stated that philosophy was
neither a science, nor a religion, but
concerned itself with general ques
tion of man's relationship to nature
and to other men, taking in every
thing and anything in order to do
justice to the question at hand as
systematically as that question will
allow and as broadly as the human
mind can conceive it. Accenting
that mysticism and science both had
their place in philosophy, Dr. Reid
concluded that philosophy was pri
marily a critical activity, a tech
nique of action Tor resolving and
discussing such general questions.
Two more meetings, discussing
"Philosophy and Science," and "The
Uses of Philosophy," will be held
April 14 and 21, in the Education
Auditorium.
The philosophy department of
Stanford University Monday night
presented the first of three lecture
forums dealing with various phases
of philosophy. The speaker was Dr.
John Reid, assistant professor of
philosophy, and his subject was "The
Meaning of Philosophy." Dr. E. W.
Hall introduced the speaker and
presided over the discussion that
followed.
Dr, Reid carefully analyzed his
subject, pointing out errors in the
general conceptions of philosophy.
He stated that philosophy was
neither a science, nor a religion, but
concerned itself with general ques
tion of man's relationship to nature
and to other men, taking in every
thing and anything in order to do
justice to the question at hand as
systematically as that question will
allow and as broadly as the human
mind can conceive it. Accenting
that mysticism and science both had
their place in philosophy, Dr. Reid
concluded that philosophy was pri
marily a critical activity, a tech
nique of action Tor resolving and
discussing such general questions.
Two more meetings, discussing
"Philosophy and Science," and "The
Uses of Philosophy," will be held
April 14 and 21, in the Education
Auditorium.
The philosophy department of
Stanford University Monday night
presented the first of three lecture
forums dealing with various phases
of philosophy. The speaker was Dr.
John Reid, assistant professor of
philosophy, and his subject was "The
Meaning of Philosophy." Dr. E. W.
Hall introduced the speaker and
presided over the discussion that
followed.
Dr, Reid carefully analyzed his
subject, pointing out errors in the
general conceptions of philosophy.
He stated that philosophy was
neither a science, nor a religion, but
concerned itself with general ques
tion of man's relationship to nature
and to other men, taking in every
thing and anything in order to do
justice to the question at hand as
systematically as that question will
allow and as broadly as the human
mind can conceive it. Accenting
that mysticism and science both had
their place in philosophy, Dr. Reid
concluded that philosophy was pri
marily a critical activity, a tech
nique of action Tor resolving and
discussing such general questions.
Two more meetings, discussing
"Philosophy and Science," and "The
Uses of Philosophy," will be held
April 14 and 21, in the Education
Auditorium.
The philosophy department of
Stanford University Monday night
presented the first of three lecture
forums dealing with various phases
of philosophy. The speaker was Dr.
John Reid, assistant professor of
philosophy, and his subject was "The
Meaning of Philosophy." Dr. E. W.
Hall introduced the speaker and
presided over the discussion that
followed.
Dr, Reid carefully analyzed his
subject, pointing out errors in the
general conceptions of philosophy.
He stated that philosophy was
neither a science, nor a religion, but
concerned itself with general ques
tion of man's relationship to nature
and to other men, taking in every
thing and anything in order to do
justice to the question at hand as
systematically as that question will
allow and as broadly as the human
mind can conceive it. Accenting
that mysticism and science both had
their place in philosophy, Dr. Reid
concluded that philosophy was pri
marily a critical activity, a tech
nique of action Tor resolving and
discussing such general questions.
Two more meetings, discussing
"Philosophy and Science," and "The
Uses of Philosophy," will be held
April 14 and 21, in the Education
Auditorium.
The philosophy department of
Stanford University Monday night
presented the first of three lecture
forums dealing with various phases
of philosophy. The speaker was Dr.
John Reid, assistant professor of
philosophy, and his subject was "The
Meaning of Philosophy." Dr. E. W.
Hall introduced the speaker and
presided over the discussion that
followed.
Dr, Reid carefully analyzed his
subject, pointing out errors in the
general conceptions of philosophy.
He stated that philosophy was
neither a science, nor a religion, but
concerned itself with general ques
tion of man's relationship to nature
and to other men, taking in every
thing and anything in order to do
justice to the question at hand as
systematically as that question will
allow and as broadly as the human
mind can conceive it. Accenting
that mysticism and science both had
their place in philosophy, Dr. Reid
concluded that philosophy was pri
marily a critical activity, a tech
nique of action Tor resolving and
discussing such general questions.
Two more meetings, discussing
"Philosophy and Science," and "The
Uses of Philosophy," will be held
April 14 and 21, in the Education
Auditorium.
The philosophy department of
Stanford University Monday night
presented the first of three lecture
forums dealing with various phases
of philosophy. The speaker was Dr.
John Reid, assistant professor of
philosophy, and his subject was "The
Meaning of Philosophy." Dr. E. W.
Hall introduced the speaker and
presided over the discussion that
followed.
Dr, Reid carefully analyzed his
subject, pointing out errors in the
general conceptions of philosophy.
He stated that philosophy was
neither a science, nor a religion, but
concerned itself with general ques
tion of man's relationship to nature
and to other men, taking in every
thing and anything in order to do
justice to the question at hand as
systematically as that question will
allow and as broadly as the human
mind can conceive it. Accenting
that mysticism and science both had
their place in philosophy, Dr. Reid
concluded that philosophy was pri
marily a critical activity, a tech
nique of action Tor resolving and
discussing such general questions.
Two more meetings, discussing
"Philosophy and Science," and "The
Uses of Philosophy," will be held
April 14 and 21, in the Education
Auditorium.
The philosophy department of
Stanford University Monday night
presented the first of three lecture
forums dealing with various phases
of philosophy. The speaker was Dr.
John Reid, assistant professor of
philosophy, and his subject was "The
Meaning of Philosophy." Dr. E. W.
Hall introduced the speaker and
presided over the discussion that
followed.
Dr, Reid carefully analyzed his
subject, pointing out errors in the
general conceptions of philosophy.
He stated that philosophy was
neither a science, nor a religion, but
concerned itself with general ques
tion of man's relationship to nature
and to other men, taking in every
thing and anything in order to do
justice to the question at hand as
systematically as that question will
allow and as broadly as the human
mind can conceive it. Accenting
that mysticism and science both had
their place in philosophy, Dr. Reid
concluded that philosophy was pri
marily a critical activity, a tech
nique of action Tor resolving and
discussing such general questions.
Two more meetings, discussing
"Philosophy and Science," and "The
Uses of Philosophy," will be held
April 14 and 21, in the Education
Auditorium.
