# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
WALSTER'S
WHITE
BATISTE
BLOUSES
Finely tuckcd and with
dainty l.icc trim
$1.95 to $6.50
Wals-berjq
, 355 University Phone 4114
WALSTER'S
WHITE
BATISTE
BLOUSES
Finely tuckcd and with
dainty l.icc trim
$1.95 to $6.50
Wals-berjq
, 355 University Phone 4114
WALSTER'S
WHITE
BATISTE
BLOUSES
Finely tuckcd and with
dainty l.icc trim
$1.95 to $6.50
Wals-berjq
, 355 University Phone 4114
WALSTER'S
WHITE
BATISTE
BLOUSES
Finely tuckcd and with
dainty l.icc trim
$1.95 to $6.50
Wals-berjq
, 355 University Phone 4114
WALSTER'S
WHITE
BATISTE
BLOUSES
Finely tuckcd and with
dainty l.icc trim
$1.95 to $6.50
Wals-berjq
, 355 University Phone 4114
WALSTER'S
WHITE
BATISTE
BLOUSES
Finely tuckcd and with
dainty l.icc trim
$1.95 to $6.50
Wals-berjq
, 355 University Phone 4114
WALSTER'S
WHITE
BATISTE
BLOUSES
Finely tuckcd and with
dainty l.icc trim
$1.95 to $6.50
Wals-berjq
, 355 University Phone 4114
WALSTER'S
WHITE
BATISTE
BLOUSES
Finely tuckcd and with
dainty l.icc trim
$1.95 to $6.50
Wals-berjq
, 355 University Phone 4114
WALSTER'S
WHITE
BATISTE
BLOUSES
Finely tuckcd and with
dainty l.icc trim
$1.95 to $6.50
Wals-berjq
, 355 University Phone 4114
WALSTER'S
WHITE
BATISTE
BLOUSES
Finely tuckcd and with
dainty l.icc trim
$1.95 to $6.50
Wals-berjq
, 355 University Phone 4114
WALSTER'S
WHITE
BATISTE
BLOUSES
Finely tuckcd and with
dainty l.icc trim
$1.95 to $6.50
Wals-berjq
, 355 University Phone 4114
WALSTER'S
WHITE
BATISTE
BLOUSES
Finely tuckcd and with
dainty l.icc trim
$1.95 to $6.50
Wals-berjq
, 355 University Phone 4114
WALSTER'S
WHITE
BATISTE
BLOUSES
Finely tuckcd and with
dainty l.icc trim
$1.95 to $6.50
Wals-berjq
, 355 University Phone 4114
WALSTER'S
WHITE
BATISTE
BLOUSES
Finely tuckcd and with
dainty l.icc trim
$1.95 to $6.50
Wals-berjq
, 355 University Phone 4114
WALSTER'S
WHITE
BATISTE
BLOUSES
Finely tuckcd and with
dainty l.icc trim
$1.95 to $6.50
Wals-berjq
, 355 University Phone 4114
WALSTER'S
WHITE
BATISTE
BLOUSES
Finely tuckcd and with
dainty l.icc trim
$1.95 to $6.50
Wals-berjq
, 355 University Phone 4114
WALSTER'S
WHITE
BATISTE
BLOUSES
Finely tuckcd and with
dainty l.icc trim
$1.95 to $6.50
Wals-berjq
, 355 University Phone 4114
