# Safe Burglars Still Unknown, Say Cops
## 
### 
University police last night said
I here were no new developments on
the five-day-old robbery of the Un
ion Cellar safe. It was understood
several suspects were under ques
tioning but that no clues had been
discovered pointing to the identity
of the thieves.
The Union was robbed early last
Wednesday morning of a 200-pound
safe containing approximately $1,600
in cash and checks, the entire day's
receipts. The loss is fully covered
by insurance.
University police last night said
I here were no new developments on
the five-day-old robbery of the Un
ion Cellar safe. It was understood
several suspects were under ques
tioning but that no clues had been
discovered pointing to the identity
of the thieves.
The Union was robbed early last
Wednesday morning of a 200-pound
safe containing approximately $1,600
in cash and checks, the entire day's
receipts. The loss is fully covered
by insurance.
University police last night said
I here were no new developments on
the five-day-old robbery of the Un
ion Cellar safe. It was understood
several suspects were under ques
tioning but that no clues had been
discovered pointing to the identity
of the thieves.
The Union was robbed early last
Wednesday morning of a 200-pound
safe containing approximately $1,600
in cash and checks, the entire day's
receipts. The loss is fully covered
by insurance.
University police last night said
I here were no new developments on
the five-day-old robbery of the Un
ion Cellar safe. It was understood
several suspects were under ques
tioning but that no clues had been
discovered pointing to the identity
of the thieves.
The Union was robbed early last
Wednesday morning of a 200-pound
safe containing approximately $1,600
in cash and checks, the entire day's
receipts. The loss is fully covered
by insurance.
University police last night said
I here were no new developments on
the five-day-old robbery of the Un
ion Cellar safe. It was understood
several suspects were under ques
tioning but that no clues had been
discovered pointing to the identity
of the thieves.
The Union was robbed early last
Wednesday morning of a 200-pound
safe containing approximately $1,600
in cash and checks, the entire day's
receipts. The loss is fully covered
by insurance.
University police last night said
I here were no new developments on
the five-day-old robbery of the Un
ion Cellar safe. It was understood
several suspects were under ques
tioning but that no clues had been
discovered pointing to the identity
of the thieves.
The Union was robbed early last
Wednesday morning of a 200-pound
safe containing approximately $1,600
in cash and checks, the entire day's
receipts. The loss is fully covered
by insurance.
University police last night said
I here were no new developments on
the five-day-old robbery of the Un
ion Cellar safe. It was understood
several suspects were under ques
tioning but that no clues had been
discovered pointing to the identity
of the thieves.
The Union was robbed early last
Wednesday morning of a 200-pound
safe containing approximately $1,600
in cash and checks, the entire day's
receipts. The loss is fully covered
by insurance.
University police last night said
I here were no new developments on
the five-day-old robbery of the Un
ion Cellar safe. It was understood
several suspects were under ques
tioning but that no clues had been
discovered pointing to the identity
of the thieves.
The Union was robbed early last
Wednesday morning of a 200-pound
safe containing approximately $1,600
in cash and checks, the entire day's
receipts. The loss is fully covered
by insurance.
University police last night said
I here were no new developments on
the five-day-old robbery of the Un
ion Cellar safe. It was understood
several suspects were under ques
tioning but that no clues had been
discovered pointing to the identity
of the thieves.
The Union was robbed early last
Wednesday morning of a 200-pound
safe containing approximately $1,600
in cash and checks, the entire day's
receipts. The loss is fully covered
by insurance.
University police last night said
I here were no new developments on
the five-day-old robbery of the Un
ion Cellar safe. It was understood
several suspects were under ques
tioning but that no clues had been
discovered pointing to the identity
of the thieves.
The Union was robbed early last
Wednesday morning of a 200-pound
safe containing approximately $1,600
in cash and checks, the entire day's
receipts. The loss is fully covered
by insurance.
University police last night said
I here were no new developments on
the five-day-old robbery of the Un
ion Cellar safe. It was understood
several suspects were under ques
tioning but that no clues had been
discovered pointing to the identity
of the thieves.
The Union was robbed early last
Wednesday morning of a 200-pound
safe containing approximately $1,600
in cash and checks, the entire day's
receipts. The loss is fully covered
by insurance.
University police last night said
I here were no new developments on
the five-day-old robbery of the Un
ion Cellar safe. It was understood
several suspects were under ques
tioning but that no clues had been
discovered pointing to the identity
of the thieves.
The Union was robbed early last
Wednesday morning of a 200-pound
safe containing approximately $1,600
in cash and checks, the entire day's
receipts. The loss is fully covered
by insurance.
University police last night said
I here were no new developments on
the five-day-old robbery of the Un
ion Cellar safe. It was understood
several suspects were under ques
tioning but that no clues had been
discovered pointing to the identity
of the thieves.
The Union was robbed early last
Wednesday morning of a 200-pound
safe containing approximately $1,600
in cash and checks, the entire day's
receipts. The loss is fully covered
by insurance.
University police last night said
I here were no new developments on
the five-day-old robbery of the Un
ion Cellar safe. It was understood
several suspects were under ques
tioning but that no clues had been
discovered pointing to the identity
of the thieves.
The Union was robbed early last
Wednesday morning of a 200-pound
safe containing approximately $1,600
in cash and checks, the entire day's
receipts. The loss is fully covered
by insurance.
University police last night said
I here were no new developments on
the five-day-old robbery of the Un
ion Cellar safe. It was understood
several suspects were under ques
tioning but that no clues had been
discovered pointing to the identity
of the thieves.
The Union was robbed early last
Wednesday morning of a 200-pound
safe containing approximately $1,600
in cash and checks, the entire day's
receipts. The loss is fully covered
by insurance.
University police last night said
I here were no new developments on
the five-day-old robbery of the Un
ion Cellar safe. It was understood
several suspects were under ques
tioning but that no clues had been
discovered pointing to the identity
of the thieves.
The Union was robbed early last
Wednesday morning of a 200-pound
safe containing approximately $1,600
in cash and checks, the entire day's
receipts. The loss is fully covered
by insurance.
University police last night said
I here were no new developments on
the five-day-old robbery of the Un
ion Cellar safe. It was understood
several suspects were under ques
tioning but that no clues had been
discovered pointing to the identity
of the thieves.
The Union was robbed early last
Wednesday morning of a 200-pound
safe containing approximately $1,600
in cash and checks, the entire day's
receipts. The loss is fully covered
by insurance.
