# Deputy Will Advise Taxpayers Thursday
## 
### 
To assist taxpayers in filing their
income tax returns there will be a
state income tax deputy stationed in
the lobby of the Administration
Building Thursday.
To assist taxpayers in filing their
income tax returns there will be a
state income tax deputy stationed in
the lobby of the Administration
Building Thursday.
To assist taxpayers in filing their
income tax returns there will be a
state income tax deputy stationed in
the lobby of the Administration
Building Thursday.
To assist taxpayers in filing their
income tax returns there will be a
state income tax deputy stationed in
the lobby of the Administration
Building Thursday.
To assist taxpayers in filing their
income tax returns there will be a
state income tax deputy stationed in
the lobby of the Administration
Building Thursday.
To assist taxpayers in filing their
income tax returns there will be a
state income tax deputy stationed in
the lobby of the Administration
Building Thursday.
To assist taxpayers in filing their
income tax returns there will be a
state income tax deputy stationed in
the lobby of the Administration
Building Thursday.
To assist taxpayers in filing their
income tax returns there will be a
state income tax deputy stationed in
the lobby of the Administration
Building Thursday.
To assist taxpayers in filing their
income tax returns there will be a
state income tax deputy stationed in
the lobby of the Administration
Building Thursday.
To assist taxpayers in filing their
income tax returns there will be a
state income tax deputy stationed in
the lobby of the Administration
Building Thursday.
To assist taxpayers in filing their
income tax returns there will be a
state income tax deputy stationed in
the lobby of the Administration
Building Thursday.
To assist taxpayers in filing their
income tax returns there will be a
state income tax deputy stationed in
the lobby of the Administration
Building Thursday.
To assist taxpayers in filing their
income tax returns there will be a
state income tax deputy stationed in
the lobby of the Administration
Building Thursday.
To assist taxpayers in filing their
income tax returns there will be a
state income tax deputy stationed in
the lobby of the Administration
Building Thursday.
To assist taxpayers in filing their
income tax returns there will be a
state income tax deputy stationed in
the lobby of the Administration
Building Thursday.
To assist taxpayers in filing their
income tax returns there will be a
state income tax deputy stationed in
the lobby of the Administration
Building Thursday.
To assist taxpayers in filing their
income tax returns there will be a
state income tax deputy stationed in
the lobby of the Administration
Building Thursday.
