# Austrian Travel Films To Be Shown Today
## 
### 
John C. Dengler, Jr., founder and
director of the Students' Interna
tional Travel Association, will pre
sent several films on Austria for
Professor Anthony Sokol's class -on
"Germany, the Country and the
People" at 8 o'clock tomorrow morn
ing. The films, including a reel on
"Flatboating on the Danube," will
be shown in the auditorium of the
Education Building. All students in
terested in the films are invited.
John C. Dengler, Jr., founder and
director of the Students' Interna
tional Travel Association, will pre
sent several films on Austria for
Professor Anthony Sokol's class -on
"Germany, the Country and the
People" at 8 o'clock tomorrow morn
ing. The films, including a reel on
"Flatboating on the Danube," will
be shown in the auditorium of the
Education Building. All students in
terested in the films are invited.
John C. Dengler, Jr., founder and
director of the Students' Interna
tional Travel Association, will pre
sent several films on Austria for
Professor Anthony Sokol's class -on
"Germany, the Country and the
People" at 8 o'clock tomorrow morn
ing. The films, including a reel on
"Flatboating on the Danube," will
be shown in the auditorium of the
Education Building. All students in
terested in the films are invited.
John C. Dengler, Jr., founder and
director of the Students' Interna
tional Travel Association, will pre
sent several films on Austria for
Professor Anthony Sokol's class -on
"Germany, the Country and the
People" at 8 o'clock tomorrow morn
ing. The films, including a reel on
"Flatboating on the Danube," will
be shown in the auditorium of the
Education Building. All students in
terested in the films are invited.
John C. Dengler, Jr., founder and
director of the Students' Interna
tional Travel Association, will pre
sent several films on Austria for
Professor Anthony Sokol's class -on
"Germany, the Country and the
People" at 8 o'clock tomorrow morn
ing. The films, including a reel on
"Flatboating on the Danube," will
be shown in the auditorium of the
Education Building. All students in
terested in the films are invited.
John C. Dengler, Jr., founder and
director of the Students' Interna
tional Travel Association, will pre
sent several films on Austria for
Professor Anthony Sokol's class -on
"Germany, the Country and the
People" at 8 o'clock tomorrow morn
ing. The films, including a reel on
"Flatboating on the Danube," will
be shown in the auditorium of the
Education Building. All students in
terested in the films are invited.
John C. Dengler, Jr., founder and
director of the Students' Interna
tional Travel Association, will pre
sent several films on Austria for
Professor Anthony Sokol's class -on
"Germany, the Country and the
People" at 8 o'clock tomorrow morn
ing. The films, including a reel on
"Flatboating on the Danube," will
be shown in the auditorium of the
Education Building. All students in
terested in the films are invited.
John C. Dengler, Jr., founder and
director of the Students' Interna
tional Travel Association, will pre
sent several films on Austria for
Professor Anthony Sokol's class -on
"Germany, the Country and the
People" at 8 o'clock tomorrow morn
ing. The films, including a reel on
"Flatboating on the Danube," will
be shown in the auditorium of the
Education Building. All students in
terested in the films are invited.
John C. Dengler, Jr., founder and
director of the Students' Interna
tional Travel Association, will pre
sent several films on Austria for
Professor Anthony Sokol's class -on
"Germany, the Country and the
People" at 8 o'clock tomorrow morn
ing. The films, including a reel on
"Flatboating on the Danube," will
be shown in the auditorium of the
Education Building. All students in
terested in the films are invited.
John C. Dengler, Jr., founder and
director of the Students' Interna
tional Travel Association, will pre
sent several films on Austria for
Professor Anthony Sokol's class -on
"Germany, the Country and the
People" at 8 o'clock tomorrow morn
ing. The films, including a reel on
"Flatboating on the Danube," will
be shown in the auditorium of the
Education Building. All students in
terested in the films are invited.
John C. Dengler, Jr., founder and
director of the Students' Interna
tional Travel Association, will pre
sent several films on Austria for
Professor Anthony Sokol's class -on
"Germany, the Country and the
People" at 8 o'clock tomorrow morn
ing. The films, including a reel on
"Flatboating on the Danube," will
be shown in the auditorium of the
Education Building. All students in
terested in the films are invited.
John C. Dengler, Jr., founder and
director of the Students' Interna
tional Travel Association, will pre
sent several films on Austria for
Professor Anthony Sokol's class -on
"Germany, the Country and the
People" at 8 o'clock tomorrow morn
ing. The films, including a reel on
"Flatboating on the Danube," will
be shown in the auditorium of the
Education Building. All students in
terested in the films are invited.
John C. Dengler, Jr., founder and
director of the Students' Interna
tional Travel Association, will pre
sent several films on Austria for
Professor Anthony Sokol's class -on
"Germany, the Country and the
People" at 8 o'clock tomorrow morn
ing. The films, including a reel on
"Flatboating on the Danube," will
be shown in the auditorium of the
Education Building. All students in
terested in the films are invited.
John C. Dengler, Jr., founder and
director of the Students' Interna
tional Travel Association, will pre
sent several films on Austria for
Professor Anthony Sokol's class -on
"Germany, the Country and the
People" at 8 o'clock tomorrow morn
ing. The films, including a reel on
"Flatboating on the Danube," will
be shown in the auditorium of the
Education Building. All students in
terested in the films are invited.
John C. Dengler, Jr., founder and
director of the Students' Interna
tional Travel Association, will pre
sent several films on Austria for
Professor Anthony Sokol's class -on
"Germany, the Country and the
People" at 8 o'clock tomorrow morn
ing. The films, including a reel on
"Flatboating on the Danube," will
be shown in the auditorium of the
Education Building. All students in
terested in the films are invited.
John C. Dengler, Jr., founder and
director of the Students' Interna
tional Travel Association, will pre
sent several films on Austria for
Professor Anthony Sokol's class -on
"Germany, the Country and the
People" at 8 o'clock tomorrow morn
ing. The films, including a reel on
"Flatboating on the Danube," will
be shown in the auditorium of the
Education Building. All students in
terested in the films are invited.
John C. Dengler, Jr., founder and
director of the Students' Interna
tional Travel Association, will pre
sent several films on Austria for
Professor Anthony Sokol's class -on
"Germany, the Country and the
People" at 8 o'clock tomorrow morn
ing. The films, including a reel on
"Flatboating on the Danube," will
be shown in the auditorium of the
Education Building. All students in
terested in the films are invited.
