# Adv. 5 Page 1
## 
### 
<0 INDIANS
■
■
■
■
■
Quite obviously,
o clothier of Roos/
Atkin’s long exper
ience would establish
certain dependable
sources of quality
goods. One such is
Manhattan, who now
send us a most hand
some new sports shirt
for your perusal.
Called “University
Row”, it features a
collection of interest
ing stripes closed with
an unusual zipper
front. An excellent
choice for class or
casual wear, and a
very fine buy at
just 5.95. Zip up
a couple, today.
*
RQQS/ATKINS
<0 INDIANS
■
■
■
■
■
Quite obviously,
o clothier of Roos/
Atkin’s long exper
ience would establish
certain dependable
sources of quality
goods. One such is
Manhattan, who now
send us a most hand
some new sports shirt
for your perusal.
Called “University
Row”, it features a
collection of interest
ing stripes closed with
an unusual zipper
front. An excellent
choice for class or
casual wear, and a
very fine buy at
just 5.95. Zip up
a couple, today.
*
RQQS/ATKINS
<0 INDIANS
■
■
■
■
■
Quite obviously,
o clothier of Roos/
Atkin’s long exper
ience would establish
certain dependable
sources of quality
goods. One such is
Manhattan, who now
send us a most hand
some new sports shirt
for your perusal.
Called “University
Row”, it features a
collection of interest
ing stripes closed with
an unusual zipper
front. An excellent
choice for class or
casual wear, and a
very fine buy at
just 5.95. Zip up
a couple, today.
*
RQQS/ATKINS
<0 INDIANS
■
■
■
■
■
Quite obviously,
o clothier of Roos/
Atkin’s long exper
ience would establish
certain dependable
sources of quality
goods. One such is
Manhattan, who now
send us a most hand
some new sports shirt
for your perusal.
Called “University
Row”, it features a
collection of interest
ing stripes closed with
an unusual zipper
front. An excellent
choice for class or
casual wear, and a
very fine buy at
just 5.95. Zip up
a couple, today.
*
RQQS/ATKINS
<0 INDIANS
■
■
■
■
■
Quite obviously,
o clothier of Roos/
Atkin’s long exper
ience would establish
certain dependable
sources of quality
goods. One such is
Manhattan, who now
send us a most hand
some new sports shirt
for your perusal.
Called “University
Row”, it features a
collection of interest
ing stripes closed with
an unusual zipper
front. An excellent
choice for class or
casual wear, and a
very fine buy at
just 5.95. Zip up
a couple, today.
*
RQQS/ATKINS
<0 INDIANS
■
■
■
■
■
Quite obviously,
o clothier of Roos/
Atkin’s long exper
ience would establish
certain dependable
sources of quality
goods. One such is
Manhattan, who now
send us a most hand
some new sports shirt
for your perusal.
Called “University
Row”, it features a
collection of interest
ing stripes closed with
an unusual zipper
front. An excellent
choice for class or
casual wear, and a
very fine buy at
just 5.95. Zip up
a couple, today.
*
RQQS/ATKINS
<0 INDIANS
■
■
■
■
■
Quite obviously,
o clothier of Roos/
Atkin’s long exper
ience would establish
certain dependable
sources of quality
goods. One such is
Manhattan, who now
send us a most hand
some new sports shirt
for your perusal.
Called “University
Row”, it features a
collection of interest
ing stripes closed with
an unusual zipper
front. An excellent
choice for class or
casual wear, and a
very fine buy at
just 5.95. Zip up
a couple, today.
*
RQQS/ATKINS
<0 INDIANS
■
■
■
■
■
Quite obviously,
o clothier of Roos/
Atkin’s long exper
ience would establish
certain dependable
sources of quality
goods. One such is
Manhattan, who now
send us a most hand
some new sports shirt
for your perusal.
Called “University
Row”, it features a
collection of interest
ing stripes closed with
an unusual zipper
front. An excellent
choice for class or
casual wear, and a
very fine buy at
just 5.95. Zip up
a couple, today.
*
RQQS/ATKINS
<0 INDIANS
■
■
■
■
■
Quite obviously,
o clothier of Roos/
Atkin’s long exper
ience would establish
certain dependable
sources of quality
goods. One such is
Manhattan, who now
send us a most hand
some new sports shirt
for your perusal.
Called “University
Row”, it features a
collection of interest
ing stripes closed with
an unusual zipper
front. An excellent
choice for class or
casual wear, and a
very fine buy at
just 5.95. Zip up
a couple, today.
*
RQQS/ATKINS
<0 INDIANS
■
■
■
■
■
Quite obviously,
o clothier of Roos/
Atkin’s long exper
ience would establish
certain dependable
sources of quality
goods. One such is
Manhattan, who now
send us a most hand
some new sports shirt
for your perusal.
Called “University
Row”, it features a
collection of interest
ing stripes closed with
an unusual zipper
front. An excellent
choice for class or
casual wear, and a
very fine buy at
just 5.95. Zip up
a couple, today.
*
RQQS/ATKINS
<0 INDIANS
■
■
■
■
■
Quite obviously,
o clothier of Roos/
Atkin’s long exper
ience would establish
certain dependable
sources of quality
goods. One such is
Manhattan, who now
send us a most hand
some new sports shirt
for your perusal.
Called “University
Row”, it features a
collection of interest
ing stripes closed with
an unusual zipper
front. An excellent
choice for class or
casual wear, and a
very fine buy at
just 5.95. Zip up
a couple, today.
*
RQQS/ATKINS
<0 INDIANS
■
■
■
■
■
Quite obviously,
o clothier of Roos/
Atkin’s long exper
ience would establish
certain dependable
sources of quality
goods. One such is
Manhattan, who now
send us a most hand
some new sports shirt
for your perusal.
Called “University
Row”, it features a
collection of interest
ing stripes closed with
an unusual zipper
front. An excellent
choice for class or
casual wear, and a
very fine buy at
just 5.95. Zip up
a couple, today.
*
RQQS/ATKINS
<0 INDIANS
■
■
■
■
■
Quite obviously,
o clothier of Roos/
Atkin’s long exper
ience would establish
certain dependable
sources of quality
goods. One such is
Manhattan, who now
send us a most hand
some new sports shirt
for your perusal.
Called “University
Row”, it features a
collection of interest
ing stripes closed with
an unusual zipper
front. An excellent
choice for class or
casual wear, and a
very fine buy at
just 5.95. Zip up
a couple, today.
*
RQQS/ATKINS
<0 INDIANS
■
■
■
■
■
Quite obviously,
o clothier of Roos/
Atkin’s long exper
ience would establish
certain dependable
sources of quality
goods. One such is
Manhattan, who now
send us a most hand
some new sports shirt
for your perusal.
Called “University
Row”, it features a
collection of interest
ing stripes closed with
an unusual zipper
front. An excellent
choice for class or
casual wear, and a
very fine buy at
just 5.95. Zip up
a couple, today.
*
RQQS/ATKINS
<0 INDIANS
■
■
■
■
■
Quite obviously,
o clothier of Roos/
Atkin’s long exper
ience would establish
certain dependable
sources of quality
goods. One such is
Manhattan, who now
send us a most hand
some new sports shirt
for your perusal.
Called “University
Row”, it features a
collection of interest
ing stripes closed with
an unusual zipper
front. An excellent
choice for class or
casual wear, and a
very fine buy at
just 5.95. Zip up
a couple, today.
*
RQQS/ATKINS
<0 INDIANS
■
■
■
■
■
Quite obviously,
o clothier of Roos/
Atkin’s long exper
ience would establish
certain dependable
sources of quality
goods. One such is
Manhattan, who now
send us a most hand
some new sports shirt
for your perusal.
Called “University
Row”, it features a
collection of interest
ing stripes closed with
an unusual zipper
front. An excellent
choice for class or
casual wear, and a
very fine buy at
just 5.95. Zip up
a couple, today.
*
RQQS/ATKINS
<0 INDIANS
■
■
■
■
■
Quite obviously,
o clothier of Roos/
Atkin’s long exper
ience would establish
certain dependable
sources of quality
goods. One such is
Manhattan, who now
send us a most hand
some new sports shirt
for your perusal.
Called “University
Row”, it features a
collection of interest
ing stripes closed with
an unusual zipper
front. An excellent
choice for class or
casual wear, and a
very fine buy at
just 5.95. Zip up
a couple, today.
*
RQQS/ATKINS
