# SU Professors Interpret JFK's Cuban Speech
## 
### RICK SEIFERT 
Stanford professors, who were
availahle and willing to comment
on President Kennedy’s speech,
said yesterday that the new “Ken
nedy Doctrine” could not neces
sarily be interpreted as an act of
war.
Dr- Richard R. Fagan, Assistant
Professor- of Communications and
Political Science, said that al
though such blockades had been
interpreted as acts of war in the
past, the President’s action would
he shielded by what ho called an
‘‘umbrella interpretation.” Fagan
felt that much time had been put
into (he decision to blockade, and
that it was not (he child of ex
pediency. He said that Russia
would not deny the presence of
missiles in Cuba, and that unless
the Soviet Union lakes some dip
lomatic action to avert a crisis an
“incident” is inevitable.
DR. RONALD HILTON. Direc
tor of the Institute of Hispanic
American Studies, said that Ken
nedy’s statement concerning the
United States’ response to an at
tack on any Latin American coun
try was entirely justified. Com
menting on Kennedy’s assertion
that the U.S. has not secretly es
tablished any foreign bases, Hil
ton said that the President con
cealed the question of the exist
ence of such bases in a rhetorical
play on words. He further stated
that it was diplomatically unwise
for Russia to have thought that
they could have hidden missiles
from the United States.
Dr. Robert A. Horn, Associate
Professor of Political Science,
was unwilling to speculate as to
what Russia’s diplomatic or mili
tary response to the President’s
action might be. He did note,
however, that the President was
careful to avoid using the word
“blockade” in his speech and that
International Law would, as usu
al. be open to a variety of inter
pretations.
Stanford professors, who were
availahle and willing to comment
on President Kennedy’s speech,
said yesterday that the new “Ken
nedy Doctrine” could not neces
sarily be interpreted as an act of
war.
Dr- Richard R. Fagan, Assistant
Professor- of Communications and
Political Science, said that al
though such blockades had been
interpreted as acts of war in the
past, the President’s action would
he shielded by what ho called an
‘‘umbrella interpretation.” Fagan
felt that much time had been put
into (he decision to blockade, and
that it was not (he child of ex
pediency. He said that Russia
would not deny the presence of
missiles in Cuba, and that unless
the Soviet Union lakes some dip
lomatic action to avert a crisis an
“incident” is inevitable.
DR. RONALD HILTON. Direc
tor of the Institute of Hispanic
American Studies, said that Ken
nedy’s statement concerning the
United States’ response to an at
tack on any Latin American coun
try was entirely justified. Com
menting on Kennedy’s assertion
that the U.S. has not secretly es
tablished any foreign bases, Hil
ton said that the President con
cealed the question of the exist
ence of such bases in a rhetorical
play on words. He further stated
that it was diplomatically unwise
for Russia to have thought that
they could have hidden missiles
from the United States.
Dr. Robert A. Horn, Associate
Professor of Political Science,
was unwilling to speculate as to
what Russia’s diplomatic or mili
tary response to the President’s
action might be. He did note,
however, that the President was
careful to avoid using the word
“blockade” in his speech and that
International Law would, as usu
al. be open to a variety of inter
pretations.
Stanford professors, who were
availahle and willing to comment
on President Kennedy’s speech,
said yesterday that the new “Ken
nedy Doctrine” could not neces
sarily be interpreted as an act of
war.
Dr- Richard R. Fagan, Assistant
Professor- of Communications and
Political Science, said that al
though such blockades had been
interpreted as acts of war in the
past, the President’s action would
he shielded by what ho called an
‘‘umbrella interpretation.” Fagan
felt that much time had been put
into (he decision to blockade, and
that it was not (he child of ex
pediency. He said that Russia
would not deny the presence of
missiles in Cuba, and that unless
the Soviet Union lakes some dip
lomatic action to avert a crisis an
“incident” is inevitable.
DR. RONALD HILTON. Direc
tor of the Institute of Hispanic
American Studies, said that Ken
nedy’s statement concerning the
United States’ response to an at
tack on any Latin American coun
try was entirely justified. Com
menting on Kennedy’s assertion
that the U.S. has not secretly es
tablished any foreign bases, Hil
ton said that the President con
cealed the question of the exist
ence of such bases in a rhetorical
play on words. He further stated
that it was diplomatically unwise
for Russia to have thought that
they could have hidden missiles
from the United States.
Dr. Robert A. Horn, Associate
Professor of Political Science,
was unwilling to speculate as to
what Russia’s diplomatic or mili
tary response to the President’s
action might be. He did note,
however, that the President was
careful to avoid using the word
“blockade” in his speech and that
International Law would, as usu
al. be open to a variety of inter
pretations.
Stanford professors, who were
availahle and willing to comment
on President Kennedy’s speech,
said yesterday that the new “Ken
nedy Doctrine” could not neces
sarily be interpreted as an act of
war.
Dr- Richard R. Fagan, Assistant
Professor- of Communications and
Political Science, said that al
though such blockades had been
interpreted as acts of war in the
past, the President’s action would
he shielded by what ho called an
‘‘umbrella interpretation.” Fagan
felt that much time had been put
into (he decision to blockade, and
that it was not (he child of ex
pediency. He said that Russia
would not deny the presence of
missiles in Cuba, and that unless
the Soviet Union lakes some dip
lomatic action to avert a crisis an
“incident” is inevitable.
DR. RONALD HILTON. Direc
tor of the Institute of Hispanic
American Studies, said that Ken
nedy’s statement concerning the
United States’ response to an at
tack on any Latin American coun
try was entirely justified. Com
menting on Kennedy’s assertion
that the U.S. has not secretly es
tablished any foreign bases, Hil
ton said that the President con
cealed the question of the exist
ence of such bases in a rhetorical
play on words. He further stated
that it was diplomatically unwise
for Russia to have thought that
they could have hidden missiles
from the United States.
Dr. Robert A. Horn, Associate
Professor of Political Science,
was unwilling to speculate as to
what Russia’s diplomatic or mili
tary response to the President’s
action might be. He did note,
however, that the President was
careful to avoid using the word
“blockade” in his speech and that
International Law would, as usu
al. be open to a variety of inter
pretations.
Stanford professors, who were
availahle and willing to comment
on President Kennedy’s speech,
said yesterday that the new “Ken
nedy Doctrine” could not neces
sarily be interpreted as an act of
war.
Dr- Richard R. Fagan, Assistant
Professor- of Communications and
Political Science, said that al
though such blockades had been
interpreted as acts of war in the
past, the President’s action would
he shielded by what ho called an
‘‘umbrella interpretation.” Fagan
felt that much time had been put
into (he decision to blockade, and
that it was not (he child of ex
pediency. He said that Russia
would not deny the presence of
missiles in Cuba, and that unless
the Soviet Union lakes some dip
lomatic action to avert a crisis an
“incident” is inevitable.
DR. RONALD HILTON. Direc
tor of the Institute of Hispanic
American Studies, said that Ken
nedy’s statement concerning the
United States’ response to an at
tack on any Latin American coun
try was entirely justified. Com
menting on Kennedy’s assertion
that the U.S. has not secretly es
tablished any foreign bases, Hil
ton said that the President con
cealed the question of the exist
ence of such bases in a rhetorical
play on words. He further stated
that it was diplomatically unwise
for Russia to have thought that
they could have hidden missiles
from the United States.
Dr. Robert A. Horn, Associate
Professor of Political Science,
was unwilling to speculate as to
what Russia’s diplomatic or mili
tary response to the President’s
action might be. He did note,
however, that the President was
careful to avoid using the word
“blockade” in his speech and that
International Law would, as usu
al. be open to a variety of inter
pretations.
Stanford professors, who were
availahle and willing to comment
on President Kennedy’s speech,
said yesterday that the new “Ken
nedy Doctrine” could not neces
sarily be interpreted as an act of
war.
Dr- Richard R. Fagan, Assistant
Professor- of Communications and
Political Science, said that al
though such blockades had been
interpreted as acts of war in the
past, the President’s action would
he shielded by what ho called an
‘‘umbrella interpretation.” Fagan
felt that much time had been put
into (he decision to blockade, and
that it was not (he child of ex
pediency. He said that Russia
would not deny the presence of
missiles in Cuba, and that unless
the Soviet Union lakes some dip
lomatic action to avert a crisis an
“incident” is inevitable.
DR. RONALD HILTON. Direc
tor of the Institute of Hispanic
American Studies, said that Ken
nedy’s statement concerning the
United States’ response to an at
tack on any Latin American coun
try was entirely justified. Com
menting on Kennedy’s assertion
that the U.S. has not secretly es
tablished any foreign bases, Hil
ton said that the President con
cealed the question of the exist
ence of such bases in a rhetorical
play on words. He further stated
that it was diplomatically unwise
for Russia to have thought that
they could have hidden missiles
from the United States.
Dr. Robert A. Horn, Associate
Professor of Political Science,
was unwilling to speculate as to
what Russia’s diplomatic or mili
tary response to the President’s
action might be. He did note,
however, that the President was
careful to avoid using the word
“blockade” in his speech and that
International Law would, as usu
al. be open to a variety of inter
pretations.
Stanford professors, who were
availahle and willing to comment
on President Kennedy’s speech,
said yesterday that the new “Ken
nedy Doctrine” could not neces
sarily be interpreted as an act of
war.
Dr- Richard R. Fagan, Assistant
Professor- of Communications and
Political Science, said that al
though such blockades had been
interpreted as acts of war in the
past, the President’s action would
he shielded by what ho called an
‘‘umbrella interpretation.” Fagan
felt that much time had been put
into (he decision to blockade, and
that it was not (he child of ex
pediency. He said that Russia
would not deny the presence of
missiles in Cuba, and that unless
the Soviet Union lakes some dip
lomatic action to avert a crisis an
“incident” is inevitable.
DR. RONALD HILTON. Direc
tor of the Institute of Hispanic
American Studies, said that Ken
nedy’s statement concerning the
United States’ response to an at
tack on any Latin American coun
try was entirely justified. Com
menting on Kennedy’s assertion
that the U.S. has not secretly es
tablished any foreign bases, Hil
ton said that the President con
cealed the question of the exist
ence of such bases in a rhetorical
play on words. He further stated
that it was diplomatically unwise
for Russia to have thought that
they could have hidden missiles
from the United States.
Dr. Robert A. Horn, Associate
Professor of Political Science,
was unwilling to speculate as to
what Russia’s diplomatic or mili
tary response to the President’s
action might be. He did note,
however, that the President was
careful to avoid using the word
“blockade” in his speech and that
International Law would, as usu
al. be open to a variety of inter
pretations.
Stanford professors, who were
availahle and willing to comment
on President Kennedy’s speech,
said yesterday that the new “Ken
nedy Doctrine” could not neces
sarily be interpreted as an act of
war.
Dr- Richard R. Fagan, Assistant
Professor- of Communications and
Political Science, said that al
though such blockades had been
interpreted as acts of war in the
past, the President’s action would
he shielded by what ho called an
‘‘umbrella interpretation.” Fagan
felt that much time had been put
into (he decision to blockade, and
that it was not (he child of ex
pediency. He said that Russia
would not deny the presence of
missiles in Cuba, and that unless
the Soviet Union lakes some dip
lomatic action to avert a crisis an
“incident” is inevitable.
DR. RONALD HILTON. Direc
tor of the Institute of Hispanic
American Studies, said that Ken
nedy’s statement concerning the
United States’ response to an at
tack on any Latin American coun
try was entirely justified. Com
menting on Kennedy’s assertion
that the U.S. has not secretly es
tablished any foreign bases, Hil
ton said that the President con
cealed the question of the exist
ence of such bases in a rhetorical
play on words. He further stated
that it was diplomatically unwise
for Russia to have thought that
they could have hidden missiles
from the United States.
Dr. Robert A. Horn, Associate
Professor of Political Science,
was unwilling to speculate as to
what Russia’s diplomatic or mili
tary response to the President’s
action might be. He did note,
however, that the President was
careful to avoid using the word
“blockade” in his speech and that
International Law would, as usu
al. be open to a variety of inter
pretations.
Stanford professors, who were
availahle and willing to comment
on President Kennedy’s speech,
said yesterday that the new “Ken
nedy Doctrine” could not neces
sarily be interpreted as an act of
war.
Dr- Richard R. Fagan, Assistant
Professor- of Communications and
Political Science, said that al
though such blockades had been
interpreted as acts of war in the
past, the President’s action would
he shielded by what ho called an
‘‘umbrella interpretation.” Fagan
felt that much time had been put
into (he decision to blockade, and
that it was not (he child of ex
pediency. He said that Russia
would not deny the presence of
missiles in Cuba, and that unless
the Soviet Union lakes some dip
lomatic action to avert a crisis an
“incident” is inevitable.
DR. RONALD HILTON. Direc
tor of the Institute of Hispanic
American Studies, said that Ken
nedy’s statement concerning the
United States’ response to an at
tack on any Latin American coun
try was entirely justified. Com
menting on Kennedy’s assertion
that the U.S. has not secretly es
tablished any foreign bases, Hil
ton said that the President con
cealed the question of the exist
ence of such bases in a rhetorical
play on words. He further stated
that it was diplomatically unwise
for Russia to have thought that
they could have hidden missiles
from the United States.
Dr. Robert A. Horn, Associate
Professor of Political Science,
was unwilling to speculate as to
what Russia’s diplomatic or mili
tary response to the President’s
action might be. He did note,
however, that the President was
careful to avoid using the word
“blockade” in his speech and that
International Law would, as usu
al. be open to a variety of inter
pretations.
Stanford professors, who were
availahle and willing to comment
on President Kennedy’s speech,
said yesterday that the new “Ken
nedy Doctrine” could not neces
sarily be interpreted as an act of
war.
Dr- Richard R. Fagan, Assistant
Professor- of Communications and
Political Science, said that al
though such blockades had been
interpreted as acts of war in the
past, the President’s action would
he shielded by what ho called an
‘‘umbrella interpretation.” Fagan
felt that much time had been put
into (he decision to blockade, and
that it was not (he child of ex
pediency. He said that Russia
would not deny the presence of
missiles in Cuba, and that unless
the Soviet Union lakes some dip
lomatic action to avert a crisis an
“incident” is inevitable.
DR. RONALD HILTON. Direc
tor of the Institute of Hispanic
American Studies, said that Ken
nedy’s statement concerning the
United States’ response to an at
tack on any Latin American coun
try was entirely justified. Com
menting on Kennedy’s assertion
that the U.S. has not secretly es
tablished any foreign bases, Hil
ton said that the President con
cealed the question of the exist
ence of such bases in a rhetorical
play on words. He further stated
that it was diplomatically unwise
for Russia to have thought that
they could have hidden missiles
from the United States.
Dr. Robert A. Horn, Associate
Professor of Political Science,
was unwilling to speculate as to
what Russia’s diplomatic or mili
tary response to the President’s
action might be. He did note,
however, that the President was
careful to avoid using the word
“blockade” in his speech and that
International Law would, as usu
al. be open to a variety of inter
pretations.
Stanford professors, who were
availahle and willing to comment
on President Kennedy’s speech,
said yesterday that the new “Ken
nedy Doctrine” could not neces
sarily be interpreted as an act of
war.
Dr- Richard R. Fagan, Assistant
Professor- of Communications and
Political Science, said that al
though such blockades had been
interpreted as acts of war in the
past, the President’s action would
he shielded by what ho called an
‘‘umbrella interpretation.” Fagan
felt that much time had been put
into (he decision to blockade, and
that it was not (he child of ex
pediency. He said that Russia
would not deny the presence of
missiles in Cuba, and that unless
the Soviet Union lakes some dip
lomatic action to avert a crisis an
“incident” is inevitable.
DR. RONALD HILTON. Direc
tor of the Institute of Hispanic
American Studies, said that Ken
nedy’s statement concerning the
United States’ response to an at
tack on any Latin American coun
try was entirely justified. Com
menting on Kennedy’s assertion
that the U.S. has not secretly es
tablished any foreign bases, Hil
ton said that the President con
cealed the question of the exist
ence of such bases in a rhetorical
play on words. He further stated
that it was diplomatically unwise
for Russia to have thought that
they could have hidden missiles
from the United States.
Dr. Robert A. Horn, Associate
Professor of Political Science,
was unwilling to speculate as to
what Russia’s diplomatic or mili
tary response to the President’s
action might be. He did note,
however, that the President was
careful to avoid using the word
“blockade” in his speech and that
International Law would, as usu
al. be open to a variety of inter
pretations.
Stanford professors, who were
availahle and willing to comment
on President Kennedy’s speech,
said yesterday that the new “Ken
nedy Doctrine” could not neces
sarily be interpreted as an act of
war.
Dr- Richard R. Fagan, Assistant
Professor- of Communications and
Political Science, said that al
though such blockades had been
interpreted as acts of war in the
past, the President’s action would
he shielded by what ho called an
‘‘umbrella interpretation.” Fagan
felt that much time had been put
into (he decision to blockade, and
that it was not (he child of ex
pediency. He said that Russia
would not deny the presence of
missiles in Cuba, and that unless
the Soviet Union lakes some dip
lomatic action to avert a crisis an
“incident” is inevitable.
DR. RONALD HILTON. Direc
tor of the Institute of Hispanic
American Studies, said that Ken
nedy’s statement concerning the
United States’ response to an at
tack on any Latin American coun
try was entirely justified. Com
menting on Kennedy’s assertion
that the U.S. has not secretly es
tablished any foreign bases, Hil
ton said that the President con
cealed the question of the exist
ence of such bases in a rhetorical
play on words. He further stated
that it was diplomatically unwise
for Russia to have thought that
they could have hidden missiles
from the United States.
Dr. Robert A. Horn, Associate
Professor of Political Science,
was unwilling to speculate as to
what Russia’s diplomatic or mili
tary response to the President’s
action might be. He did note,
however, that the President was
careful to avoid using the word
“blockade” in his speech and that
International Law would, as usu
al. be open to a variety of inter
pretations.
Stanford professors, who were
availahle and willing to comment
on President Kennedy’s speech,
said yesterday that the new “Ken
nedy Doctrine” could not neces
sarily be interpreted as an act of
war.
Dr- Richard R. Fagan, Assistant
Professor- of Communications and
Political Science, said that al
though such blockades had been
interpreted as acts of war in the
past, the President’s action would
he shielded by what ho called an
‘‘umbrella interpretation.” Fagan
felt that much time had been put
into (he decision to blockade, and
that it was not (he child of ex
pediency. He said that Russia
would not deny the presence of
missiles in Cuba, and that unless
the Soviet Union lakes some dip
lomatic action to avert a crisis an
“incident” is inevitable.
DR. RONALD HILTON. Direc
tor of the Institute of Hispanic
American Studies, said that Ken
nedy’s statement concerning the
United States’ response to an at
tack on any Latin American coun
try was entirely justified. Com
menting on Kennedy’s assertion
that the U.S. has not secretly es
tablished any foreign bases, Hil
ton said that the President con
cealed the question of the exist
ence of such bases in a rhetorical
play on words. He further stated
that it was diplomatically unwise
for Russia to have thought that
they could have hidden missiles
from the United States.
Dr. Robert A. Horn, Associate
Professor of Political Science,
was unwilling to speculate as to
what Russia’s diplomatic or mili
tary response to the President’s
action might be. He did note,
however, that the President was
careful to avoid using the word
“blockade” in his speech and that
International Law would, as usu
al. be open to a variety of inter
pretations.
Stanford professors, who were
availahle and willing to comment
on President Kennedy’s speech,
said yesterday that the new “Ken
nedy Doctrine” could not neces
sarily be interpreted as an act of
war.
Dr- Richard R. Fagan, Assistant
Professor- of Communications and
Political Science, said that al
though such blockades had been
interpreted as acts of war in the
past, the President’s action would
he shielded by what ho called an
‘‘umbrella interpretation.” Fagan
felt that much time had been put
into (he decision to blockade, and
that it was not (he child of ex
pediency. He said that Russia
would not deny the presence of
missiles in Cuba, and that unless
the Soviet Union lakes some dip
lomatic action to avert a crisis an
“incident” is inevitable.
DR. RONALD HILTON. Direc
tor of the Institute of Hispanic
American Studies, said that Ken
nedy’s statement concerning the
United States’ response to an at
tack on any Latin American coun
try was entirely justified. Com
menting on Kennedy’s assertion
that the U.S. has not secretly es
tablished any foreign bases, Hil
ton said that the President con
cealed the question of the exist
ence of such bases in a rhetorical
play on words. He further stated
that it was diplomatically unwise
for Russia to have thought that
they could have hidden missiles
from the United States.
Dr. Robert A. Horn, Associate
Professor of Political Science,
was unwilling to speculate as to
what Russia’s diplomatic or mili
tary response to the President’s
action might be. He did note,
however, that the President was
careful to avoid using the word
“blockade” in his speech and that
International Law would, as usu
al. be open to a variety of inter
pretations.
Stanford professors, who were
availahle and willing to comment
on President Kennedy’s speech,
said yesterday that the new “Ken
nedy Doctrine” could not neces
sarily be interpreted as an act of
war.
Dr- Richard R. Fagan, Assistant
Professor- of Communications and
Political Science, said that al
though such blockades had been
interpreted as acts of war in the
past, the President’s action would
he shielded by what ho called an
‘‘umbrella interpretation.” Fagan
felt that much time had been put
into (he decision to blockade, and
that it was not (he child of ex
pediency. He said that Russia
would not deny the presence of
missiles in Cuba, and that unless
the Soviet Union lakes some dip
lomatic action to avert a crisis an
“incident” is inevitable.
DR. RONALD HILTON. Direc
tor of the Institute of Hispanic
American Studies, said that Ken
nedy’s statement concerning the
United States’ response to an at
tack on any Latin American coun
try was entirely justified. Com
menting on Kennedy’s assertion
that the U.S. has not secretly es
tablished any foreign bases, Hil
ton said that the President con
cealed the question of the exist
ence of such bases in a rhetorical
play on words. He further stated
that it was diplomatically unwise
for Russia to have thought that
they could have hidden missiles
from the United States.
Dr. Robert A. Horn, Associate
Professor of Political Science,
was unwilling to speculate as to
what Russia’s diplomatic or mili
tary response to the President’s
action might be. He did note,
however, that the President was
careful to avoid using the word
“blockade” in his speech and that
International Law would, as usu
al. be open to a variety of inter
pretations.
Stanford professors, who were
availahle and willing to comment
on President Kennedy’s speech,
said yesterday that the new “Ken
nedy Doctrine” could not neces
sarily be interpreted as an act of
war.
Dr- Richard R. Fagan, Assistant
Professor- of Communications and
Political Science, said that al
though such blockades had been
interpreted as acts of war in the
past, the President’s action would
he shielded by what ho called an
‘‘umbrella interpretation.” Fagan
felt that much time had been put
into (he decision to blockade, and
that it was not (he child of ex
pediency. He said that Russia
would not deny the presence of
missiles in Cuba, and that unless
the Soviet Union lakes some dip
lomatic action to avert a crisis an
“incident” is inevitable.
DR. RONALD HILTON. Direc
tor of the Institute of Hispanic
American Studies, said that Ken
nedy’s statement concerning the
United States’ response to an at
tack on any Latin American coun
try was entirely justified. Com
menting on Kennedy’s assertion
that the U.S. has not secretly es
tablished any foreign bases, Hil
ton said that the President con
cealed the question of the exist
ence of such bases in a rhetorical
play on words. He further stated
that it was diplomatically unwise
for Russia to have thought that
they could have hidden missiles
from the United States.
Dr. Robert A. Horn, Associate
Professor of Political Science,
was unwilling to speculate as to
what Russia’s diplomatic or mili
tary response to the President’s
action might be. He did note,
however, that the President was
careful to avoid using the word
“blockade” in his speech and that
International Law would, as usu
al. be open to a variety of inter
pretations.
Stanford professors, who were
availahle and willing to comment
on President Kennedy’s speech,
said yesterday that the new “Ken
nedy Doctrine” could not neces
sarily be interpreted as an act of
war.
Dr- Richard R. Fagan, Assistant
Professor- of Communications and
Political Science, said that al
though such blockades had been
interpreted as acts of war in the
past, the President’s action would
he shielded by what ho called an
‘‘umbrella interpretation.” Fagan
felt that much time had been put
into (he decision to blockade, and
that it was not (he child of ex
pediency. He said that Russia
would not deny the presence of
missiles in Cuba, and that unless
the Soviet Union lakes some dip
lomatic action to avert a crisis an
“incident” is inevitable.
DR. RONALD HILTON. Direc
tor of the Institute of Hispanic
American Studies, said that Ken
nedy’s statement concerning the
United States’ response to an at
tack on any Latin American coun
try was entirely justified. Com
menting on Kennedy’s assertion
that the U.S. has not secretly es
tablished any foreign bases, Hil
ton said that the President con
cealed the question of the exist
ence of such bases in a rhetorical
play on words. He further stated
that it was diplomatically unwise
for Russia to have thought that
they could have hidden missiles
from the United States.
Dr. Robert A. Horn, Associate
Professor of Political Science,
was unwilling to speculate as to
what Russia’s diplomatic or mili
tary response to the President’s
action might be. He did note,
however, that the President was
careful to avoid using the word
“blockade” in his speech and that
International Law would, as usu
al. be open to a variety of inter
pretations.
