# Energetic Production
## 
### ROBERT EGAN 
The Speech and Drama De
partment's presentation of John
Arden's Serjeant Musgrave's
Dance is an energetic and com
pelling production. With some
improvement it should be very
fine indeed, and improvement is
almost certain in view of the
unfortunate conditions which
plagued its opening night: a dis
appointingly small audience and
a very audible sit-in next door.
Under these circumstances, Di
rector Glenn Cannon's under
graduate cast performed ad
mirably.
Their work appears even more
admirable in light of the ambi
tious nature of their project.
Arden's play is a large-scale,
sprawling story of a 19th cen
tury mining town in the north
of England, gripped by a hard
winter and a bitter coal strike.
Into it come a sergeant and
three privates, ostensibly as a
recruiting team. In reality they
have deserted a colonial war to
bring back the body of a former
miner of the town.
Because of his death their
regiment massacred the civil
ians of a native town, and they
have returned home to purge
war from its roots—to "turn it
on to them that sent it out of
this country." Musgrave, their
fiery, hypnotic leader, believes
himself the agent of divine jus
tice: "God, my Lord God. Have
You or have You not delivered
this town into my hands? . . .
My prayer is . . . make this
Dance as terrible as You have
put it into my brain."
The Dance he contemplates is
indeed terrible: no less than the
retributive massacre of an En
glish town. The play is convinc
ing "anti-war" drama (is such a
genre exists, and it is written
with the bleak lyricism of a
song in King Lear.
Cannon's production builds
steadily and effectively, culmin
ating with the scene of the

"Dance" itself, which is well
staged and powerfully acted.
Bob Fletcher is excellent in the
title role. He has a magnetic
presence and uses his voice
skillfully.
At times his parade-ground
mannerisms and north-country
accent get in the way of his
lines, but this is more from an
excessive committment to his
role than flawed acting: he nev
er ceases to be Musgrave.
The rest of the cast is always
competent, and a few perform
ances are outstanding. Marguer
ite Olson is quite moving as
Annie, the half-crazed lover of
the boy whose skeleton has been
brought home. She manages to
avoid the Ophelia cliche and
conveys a stark dignity, making
effective use of the snatches of
ballad Arden has woven into her
speeches.
John L. Stahlin's performance
as Private Attercliffe is subtle

and effective. His understated
technique is particularly suc
cessful in his song and mono
logue at the play's end. Also
noteworthy are William Clebsch
as private Sparky and Glna
Swain as Mrs. Hitchcock.
The production's principle
drawbacks are its excesses.
There is a bit too much shoving,
shouting and stamping, and the
noise level is occasionally too
high. But this may be due as
much to the theatre as to the
production. The play is loud
and violent by nature, and it is
cramped by the intimate pro
portions of The Nitery. Such a
production deserves a better
stage.
It also deserves an audience.
Cannon and his actors have ac
complished a sincere and excit
ing piece of theatre, and it
should be seen.
It will be showing May 17 and
18 at The Nitery.
The Speech and Drama De
partment's presentation of John
Arden's Serjeant Musgrave's
Dance is an energetic and com
pelling production. With some
improvement it should be very
fine indeed, and improvement is
almost certain in view of the
unfortunate conditions which
plagued its opening night: a dis
appointingly small audience and
a very audible sit-in next door.
Under these circumstances, Di
rector Glenn Cannon's under
graduate cast performed ad
mirably.
Their work appears even more
admirable in light of the ambi
tious nature of their project.
Arden's play is a large-scale,
sprawling story of a 19th cen
tury mining town in the north
of England, gripped by a hard
winter and a bitter coal strike.
Into it come a sergeant and
three privates, ostensibly as a
recruiting team. In reality they
have deserted a colonial war to
bring back the body of a former
miner of the town.
Because of his death their
regiment massacred the civil
ians of a native town, and they
have returned home to purge
war from its roots—to "turn it
on to them that sent it out of
this country." Musgrave, their
fiery, hypnotic leader, believes
himself the agent of divine jus
tice: "God, my Lord God. Have
You or have You not delivered
this town into my hands? . . .
My prayer is . . . make this
Dance as terrible as You have
put it into my brain."
The Dance he contemplates is
indeed terrible: no less than the
retributive massacre of an En
glish town. The play is convinc
ing "anti-war" drama (is such a
genre exists, and it is written
with the bleak lyricism of a
song in King Lear.
Cannon's production builds
steadily and effectively, culmin
ating with the scene of the

"Dance" itself, which is well
staged and powerfully acted.
Bob Fletcher is excellent in the
title role. He has a magnetic
presence and uses his voice
skillfully.
At times his parade-ground
mannerisms and north-country
accent get in the way of his
lines, but this is more from an
excessive committment to his
role than flawed acting: he nev
er ceases to be Musgrave.
The rest of the cast is always
competent, and a few perform
ances are outstanding. Marguer
ite Olson is quite moving as
Annie, the half-crazed lover of
the boy whose skeleton has been
brought home. She manages to
avoid the Ophelia cliche and
conveys a stark dignity, making
effective use of the snatches of
ballad Arden has woven into her
speeches.
John L. Stahlin's performance
as Private Attercliffe is subtle

and effective. His understated
technique is particularly suc
cessful in his song and mono
logue at the play's end. Also
noteworthy are William Clebsch
as private Sparky and Glna
Swain as Mrs. Hitchcock.
The production's principle
drawbacks are its excesses.
There is a bit too much shoving,
shouting and stamping, and the
noise level is occasionally too
high. But this may be due as
much to the theatre as to the
production. The play is loud
and violent by nature, and it is
cramped by the intimate pro
portions of The Nitery. Such a
production deserves a better
stage.
It also deserves an audience.
Cannon and his actors have ac
complished a sincere and excit
ing piece of theatre, and it
should be seen.
It will be showing May 17 and
18 at The Nitery.
The Speech and Drama De
partment's presentation of John
Arden's Serjeant Musgrave's
Dance is an energetic and com
pelling production. With some
improvement it should be very
fine indeed, and improvement is
almost certain in view of the
unfortunate conditions which
plagued its opening night: a dis
appointingly small audience and
a very audible sit-in next door.
Under these circumstances, Di
rector Glenn Cannon's under
graduate cast performed ad
mirably.
Their work appears even more
admirable in light of the ambi
tious nature of their project.
Arden's play is a large-scale,
sprawling story of a 19th cen
tury mining town in the north
of England, gripped by a hard
winter and a bitter coal strike.
Into it come a sergeant and
three privates, ostensibly as a
recruiting team. In reality they
have deserted a colonial war to
bring back the body of a former
miner of the town.
Because of his death their
regiment massacred the civil
ians of a native town, and they
have returned home to purge
war from its roots—to "turn it
on to them that sent it out of
this country." Musgrave, their
fiery, hypnotic leader, believes
himself the agent of divine jus
tice: "God, my Lord God. Have
You or have You not delivered
this town into my hands? . . .
My prayer is . . . make this
Dance as terrible as You have
put it into my brain."
The Dance he contemplates is
indeed terrible: no less than the
retributive massacre of an En
glish town. The play is convinc
ing "anti-war" drama (is such a
genre exists, and it is written
with the bleak lyricism of a
song in King Lear.
Cannon's production builds
steadily and effectively, culmin
ating with the scene of the

"Dance" itself, which is well
staged and powerfully acted.
Bob Fletcher is excellent in the
title role. He has a magnetic
presence and uses his voice
skillfully.
At times his parade-ground
mannerisms and north-country
accent get in the way of his
lines, but this is more from an
excessive committment to his
role than flawed acting: he nev
er ceases to be Musgrave.
The rest of the cast is always
competent, and a few perform
ances are outstanding. Marguer
ite Olson is quite moving as
Annie, the half-crazed lover of
the boy whose skeleton has been
brought home. She manages to
avoid the Ophelia cliche and
conveys a stark dignity, making
effective use of the snatches of
ballad Arden has woven into her
speeches.
John L. Stahlin's performance
as Private Attercliffe is subtle

and effective. His understated
technique is particularly suc
cessful in his song and mono
logue at the play's end. Also
noteworthy are William Clebsch
as private Sparky and Glna
Swain as Mrs. Hitchcock.
The production's principle
drawbacks are its excesses.
There is a bit too much shoving,
shouting and stamping, and the
noise level is occasionally too
high. But this may be due as
much to the theatre as to the
production. The play is loud
and violent by nature, and it is
cramped by the intimate pro
portions of The Nitery. Such a
production deserves a better
stage.
It also deserves an audience.
Cannon and his actors have ac
complished a sincere and excit
ing piece of theatre, and it
should be seen.
It will be showing May 17 and
18 at The Nitery.
The Speech and Drama De
partment's presentation of John
Arden's Serjeant Musgrave's
Dance is an energetic and com
pelling production. With some
improvement it should be very
fine indeed, and improvement is
almost certain in view of the
unfortunate conditions which
plagued its opening night: a dis
appointingly small audience and
a very audible sit-in next door.
Under these circumstances, Di
rector Glenn Cannon's under
graduate cast performed ad
mirably.
Their work appears even more
admirable in light of the ambi
tious nature of their project.
Arden's play is a large-scale,
sprawling story of a 19th cen
tury mining town in the north
of England, gripped by a hard
winter and a bitter coal strike.
Into it come a sergeant and
three privates, ostensibly as a
recruiting team. In reality they
have deserted a colonial war to
bring back the body of a former
miner of the town.
Because of his death their
regiment massacred the civil
ians of a native town, and they
have returned home to purge
war from its roots—to "turn it
on to them that sent it out of
this country." Musgrave, their
fiery, hypnotic leader, believes
himself the agent of divine jus
tice: "God, my Lord God. Have
You or have You not delivered
this town into my hands? . . .
My prayer is . . . make this
Dance as terrible as You have
put it into my brain."
The Dance he contemplates is
indeed terrible: no less than the
retributive massacre of an En
glish town. The play is convinc
ing "anti-war" drama (is such a
genre exists, and it is written
with the bleak lyricism of a
song in King Lear.
Cannon's production builds
steadily and effectively, culmin
ating with the scene of the

"Dance" itself, which is well
staged and powerfully acted.
Bob Fletcher is excellent in the
title role. He has a magnetic
presence and uses his voice
skillfully.
At times his parade-ground
mannerisms and north-country
accent get in the way of his
lines, but this is more from an
excessive committment to his
role than flawed acting: he nev
er ceases to be Musgrave.
The rest of the cast is always
competent, and a few perform
ances are outstanding. Marguer
ite Olson is quite moving as
Annie, the half-crazed lover of
the boy whose skeleton has been
brought home. She manages to
avoid the Ophelia cliche and
conveys a stark dignity, making
effective use of the snatches of
ballad Arden has woven into her
speeches.
John L. Stahlin's performance
as Private Attercliffe is subtle

and effective. His understated
technique is particularly suc
cessful in his song and mono
logue at the play's end. Also
noteworthy are William Clebsch
as private Sparky and Glna
Swain as Mrs. Hitchcock.
The production's principle
drawbacks are its excesses.
There is a bit too much shoving,
shouting and stamping, and the
noise level is occasionally too
high. But this may be due as
much to the theatre as to the
production. The play is loud
and violent by nature, and it is
cramped by the intimate pro
portions of The Nitery. Such a
production deserves a better
stage.
It also deserves an audience.
Cannon and his actors have ac
complished a sincere and excit
ing piece of theatre, and it
should be seen.
It will be showing May 17 and
18 at The Nitery.
The Speech and Drama De
partment's presentation of John
Arden's Serjeant Musgrave's
Dance is an energetic and com
pelling production. With some
improvement it should be very
fine indeed, and improvement is
almost certain in view of the
unfortunate conditions which
plagued its opening night: a dis
appointingly small audience and
a very audible sit-in next door.
Under these circumstances, Di
rector Glenn Cannon's under
graduate cast performed ad
mirably.
Their work appears even more
admirable in light of the ambi
tious nature of their project.
Arden's play is a large-scale,
sprawling story of a 19th cen
tury mining town in the north
of England, gripped by a hard
winter and a bitter coal strike.
Into it come a sergeant and
three privates, ostensibly as a
recruiting team. In reality they
have deserted a colonial war to
bring back the body of a former
miner of the town.
Because of his death their
regiment massacred the civil
ians of a native town, and they
have returned home to purge
war from its roots—to "turn it
on to them that sent it out of
this country." Musgrave, their
fiery, hypnotic leader, believes
himself the agent of divine jus
tice: "God, my Lord God. Have
You or have You not delivered
this town into my hands? . . .
My prayer is . . . make this
Dance as terrible as You have
put it into my brain."
The Dance he contemplates is
indeed terrible: no less than the
retributive massacre of an En
glish town. The play is convinc
ing "anti-war" drama (is such a
genre exists, and it is written
with the bleak lyricism of a
song in King Lear.
Cannon's production builds
steadily and effectively, culmin
ating with the scene of the

"Dance" itself, which is well
staged and powerfully acted.
Bob Fletcher is excellent in the
title role. He has a magnetic
presence and uses his voice
skillfully.
At times his parade-ground
mannerisms and north-country
accent get in the way of his
lines, but this is more from an
excessive committment to his
role than flawed acting: he nev
er ceases to be Musgrave.
The rest of the cast is always
competent, and a few perform
ances are outstanding. Marguer
ite Olson is quite moving as
Annie, the half-crazed lover of
the boy whose skeleton has been
brought home. She manages to
avoid the Ophelia cliche and
conveys a stark dignity, making
effective use of the snatches of
ballad Arden has woven into her
speeches.
John L. Stahlin's performance
as Private Attercliffe is subtle

and effective. His understated
technique is particularly suc
cessful in his song and mono
logue at the play's end. Also
noteworthy are William Clebsch
as private Sparky and Glna
Swain as Mrs. Hitchcock.
The production's principle
drawbacks are its excesses.
There is a bit too much shoving,
shouting and stamping, and the
noise level is occasionally too
high. But this may be due as
much to the theatre as to the
production. The play is loud
and violent by nature, and it is
cramped by the intimate pro
portions of The Nitery. Such a
production deserves a better
stage.
It also deserves an audience.
Cannon and his actors have ac
complished a sincere and excit
ing piece of theatre, and it
should be seen.
It will be showing May 17 and
18 at The Nitery.
The Speech and Drama De
partment's presentation of John
Arden's Serjeant Musgrave's
Dance is an energetic and com
pelling production. With some
improvement it should be very
fine indeed, and improvement is
almost certain in view of the
unfortunate conditions which
plagued its opening night: a dis
appointingly small audience and
a very audible sit-in next door.
Under these circumstances, Di
rector Glenn Cannon's under
graduate cast performed ad
mirably.
Their work appears even more
admirable in light of the ambi
tious nature of their project.
Arden's play is a large-scale,
sprawling story of a 19th cen
tury mining town in the north
of England, gripped by a hard
winter and a bitter coal strike.
Into it come a sergeant and
three privates, ostensibly as a
recruiting team. In reality they
have deserted a colonial war to
bring back the body of a former
miner of the town.
Because of his death their
regiment massacred the civil
ians of a native town, and they
have returned home to purge
war from its roots—to "turn it
on to them that sent it out of
this country." Musgrave, their
fiery, hypnotic leader, believes
himself the agent of divine jus
tice: "God, my Lord God. Have
You or have You not delivered
this town into my hands? . . .
My prayer is . . . make this
Dance as terrible as You have
put it into my brain."
The Dance he contemplates is
indeed terrible: no less than the
retributive massacre of an En
glish town. The play is convinc
ing "anti-war" drama (is such a
genre exists, and it is written
with the bleak lyricism of a
song in King Lear.
Cannon's production builds
steadily and effectively, culmin
ating with the scene of the

"Dance" itself, which is well
staged and powerfully acted.
Bob Fletcher is excellent in the
title role. He has a magnetic
presence and uses his voice
skillfully.
At times his parade-ground
mannerisms and north-country
accent get in the way of his
lines, but this is more from an
excessive committment to his
role than flawed acting: he nev
er ceases to be Musgrave.
The rest of the cast is always
competent, and a few perform
ances are outstanding. Marguer
ite Olson is quite moving as
Annie, the half-crazed lover of
the boy whose skeleton has been
brought home. She manages to
avoid the Ophelia cliche and
conveys a stark dignity, making
effective use of the snatches of
ballad Arden has woven into her
speeches.
John L. Stahlin's performance
as Private Attercliffe is subtle

and effective. His understated
technique is particularly suc
cessful in his song and mono
logue at the play's end. Also
noteworthy are William Clebsch
as private Sparky and Glna
Swain as Mrs. Hitchcock.
The production's principle
drawbacks are its excesses.
There is a bit too much shoving,
shouting and stamping, and the
noise level is occasionally too
high. But this may be due as
much to the theatre as to the
production. The play is loud
and violent by nature, and it is
cramped by the intimate pro
portions of The Nitery. Such a
production deserves a better
stage.
It also deserves an audience.
Cannon and his actors have ac
complished a sincere and excit
ing piece of theatre, and it
should be seen.
It will be showing May 17 and
18 at The Nitery.
The Speech and Drama De
partment's presentation of John
Arden's Serjeant Musgrave's
Dance is an energetic and com
pelling production. With some
improvement it should be very
fine indeed, and improvement is
almost certain in view of the
unfortunate conditions which
plagued its opening night: a dis
appointingly small audience and
a very audible sit-in next door.
Under these circumstances, Di
rector Glenn Cannon's under
graduate cast performed ad
mirably.
Their work appears even more
admirable in light of the ambi
tious nature of their project.
Arden's play is a large-scale,
sprawling story of a 19th cen
tury mining town in the north
of England, gripped by a hard
winter and a bitter coal strike.
Into it come a sergeant and
three privates, ostensibly as a
recruiting team. In reality they
have deserted a colonial war to
bring back the body of a former
miner of the town.
Because of his death their
regiment massacred the civil
ians of a native town, and they
have returned home to purge
war from its roots—to "turn it
on to them that sent it out of
this country." Musgrave, their
fiery, hypnotic leader, believes
himself the agent of divine jus
tice: "God, my Lord God. Have
You or have You not delivered
this town into my hands? . . .
My prayer is . . . make this
Dance as terrible as You have
put it into my brain."
The Dance he contemplates is
indeed terrible: no less than the
retributive massacre of an En
glish town. The play is convinc
ing "anti-war" drama (is such a
genre exists, and it is written
with the bleak lyricism of a
song in King Lear.
Cannon's production builds
steadily and effectively, culmin
ating with the scene of the

"Dance" itself, which is well
staged and powerfully acted.
Bob Fletcher is excellent in the
title role. He has a magnetic
presence and uses his voice
skillfully.
At times his parade-ground
mannerisms and north-country
accent get in the way of his
lines, but this is more from an
excessive committment to his
role than flawed acting: he nev
er ceases to be Musgrave.
The rest of the cast is always
competent, and a few perform
ances are outstanding. Marguer
ite Olson is quite moving as
Annie, the half-crazed lover of
the boy whose skeleton has been
brought home. She manages to
avoid the Ophelia cliche and
conveys a stark dignity, making
effective use of the snatches of
ballad Arden has woven into her
speeches.
John L. Stahlin's performance
as Private Attercliffe is subtle

and effective. His understated
technique is particularly suc
cessful in his song and mono
logue at the play's end. Also
noteworthy are William Clebsch
as private Sparky and Glna
Swain as Mrs. Hitchcock.
The production's principle
drawbacks are its excesses.
There is a bit too much shoving,
shouting and stamping, and the
noise level is occasionally too
high. But this may be due as
much to the theatre as to the
production. The play is loud
and violent by nature, and it is
cramped by the intimate pro
portions of The Nitery. Such a
production deserves a better
stage.
It also deserves an audience.
Cannon and his actors have ac
complished a sincere and excit
ing piece of theatre, and it
should be seen.
It will be showing May 17 and
18 at The Nitery.
The Speech and Drama De
partment's presentation of John
Arden's Serjeant Musgrave's
Dance is an energetic and com
pelling production. With some
improvement it should be very
fine indeed, and improvement is
almost certain in view of the
unfortunate conditions which
plagued its opening night: a dis
appointingly small audience and
a very audible sit-in next door.
Under these circumstances, Di
rector Glenn Cannon's under
graduate cast performed ad
mirably.
Their work appears even more
admirable in light of the ambi
tious nature of their project.
Arden's play is a large-scale,
sprawling story of a 19th cen
tury mining town in the north
of England, gripped by a hard
winter and a bitter coal strike.
Into it come a sergeant and
three privates, ostensibly as a
recruiting team. In reality they
have deserted a colonial war to
bring back the body of a former
miner of the town.
Because of his death their
regiment massacred the civil
ians of a native town, and they
have returned home to purge
war from its roots—to "turn it
on to them that sent it out of
this country." Musgrave, their
fiery, hypnotic leader, believes
himself the agent of divine jus
tice: "God, my Lord God. Have
You or have You not delivered
this town into my hands? . . .
My prayer is . . . make this
Dance as terrible as You have
put it into my brain."
The Dance he contemplates is
indeed terrible: no less than the
retributive massacre of an En
glish town. The play is convinc
ing "anti-war" drama (is such a
genre exists, and it is written
with the bleak lyricism of a
song in King Lear.
Cannon's production builds
steadily and effectively, culmin
ating with the scene of the

"Dance" itself, which is well
staged and powerfully acted.
Bob Fletcher is excellent in the
title role. He has a magnetic
presence and uses his voice
skillfully.
At times his parade-ground
mannerisms and north-country
accent get in the way of his
lines, but this is more from an
excessive committment to his
role than flawed acting: he nev
er ceases to be Musgrave.
The rest of the cast is always
competent, and a few perform
ances are outstanding. Marguer
ite Olson is quite moving as
Annie, the half-crazed lover of
the boy whose skeleton has been
brought home. She manages to
avoid the Ophelia cliche and
conveys a stark dignity, making
effective use of the snatches of
ballad Arden has woven into her
speeches.
John L. Stahlin's performance
as Private Attercliffe is subtle

and effective. His understated
technique is particularly suc
cessful in his song and mono
logue at the play's end. Also
noteworthy are William Clebsch
as private Sparky and Glna
Swain as Mrs. Hitchcock.
The production's principle
drawbacks are its excesses.
There is a bit too much shoving,
shouting and stamping, and the
noise level is occasionally too
high. But this may be due as
much to the theatre as to the
production. The play is loud
and violent by nature, and it is
cramped by the intimate pro
portions of The Nitery. Such a
production deserves a better
stage.
It also deserves an audience.
Cannon and his actors have ac
complished a sincere and excit
ing piece of theatre, and it
should be seen.
It will be showing May 17 and
18 at The Nitery.
The Speech and Drama De
partment's presentation of John
Arden's Serjeant Musgrave's
Dance is an energetic and com
pelling production. With some
improvement it should be very
fine indeed, and improvement is
almost certain in view of the
unfortunate conditions which
plagued its opening night: a dis
appointingly small audience and
a very audible sit-in next door.
Under these circumstances, Di
rector Glenn Cannon's under
graduate cast performed ad
mirably.
Their work appears even more
admirable in light of the ambi
tious nature of their project.
Arden's play is a large-scale,
sprawling story of a 19th cen
tury mining town in the north
of England, gripped by a hard
winter and a bitter coal strike.
Into it come a sergeant and
three privates, ostensibly as a
recruiting team. In reality they
have deserted a colonial war to
bring back the body of a former
miner of the town.
Because of his death their
regiment massacred the civil
ians of a native town, and they
have returned home to purge
war from its roots—to "turn it
on to them that sent it out of
this country." Musgrave, their
fiery, hypnotic leader, believes
himself the agent of divine jus
tice: "God, my Lord God. Have
You or have You not delivered
this town into my hands? . . .
My prayer is . . . make this
Dance as terrible as You have
put it into my brain."
The Dance he contemplates is
indeed terrible: no less than the
retributive massacre of an En
glish town. The play is convinc
ing "anti-war" drama (is such a
genre exists, and it is written
with the bleak lyricism of a
song in King Lear.
Cannon's production builds
steadily and effectively, culmin
ating with the scene of the

"Dance" itself, which is well
staged and powerfully acted.
Bob Fletcher is excellent in the
title role. He has a magnetic
presence and uses his voice
skillfully.
At times his parade-ground
mannerisms and north-country
accent get in the way of his
lines, but this is more from an
excessive committment to his
role than flawed acting: he nev
er ceases to be Musgrave.
The rest of the cast is always
competent, and a few perform
ances are outstanding. Marguer
ite Olson is quite moving as
Annie, the half-crazed lover of
the boy whose skeleton has been
brought home. She manages to
avoid the Ophelia cliche and
conveys a stark dignity, making
effective use of the snatches of
ballad Arden has woven into her
speeches.
John L. Stahlin's performance
as Private Attercliffe is subtle

and effective. His understated
technique is particularly suc
cessful in his song and mono
logue at the play's end. Also
noteworthy are William Clebsch
as private Sparky and Glna
Swain as Mrs. Hitchcock.
The production's principle
drawbacks are its excesses.
There is a bit too much shoving,
shouting and stamping, and the
noise level is occasionally too
high. But this may be due as
much to the theatre as to the
production. The play is loud
and violent by nature, and it is
cramped by the intimate pro
portions of The Nitery. Such a
production deserves a better
stage.
It also deserves an audience.
Cannon and his actors have ac
complished a sincere and excit
ing piece of theatre, and it
should be seen.
It will be showing May 17 and
18 at The Nitery.
The Speech and Drama De
partment's presentation of John
Arden's Serjeant Musgrave's
Dance is an energetic and com
pelling production. With some
improvement it should be very
fine indeed, and improvement is
almost certain in view of the
unfortunate conditions which
plagued its opening night: a dis
appointingly small audience and
a very audible sit-in next door.
Under these circumstances, Di
rector Glenn Cannon's under
graduate cast performed ad
mirably.
Their work appears even more
admirable in light of the ambi
tious nature of their project.
Arden's play is a large-scale,
sprawling story of a 19th cen
tury mining town in the north
of England, gripped by a hard
winter and a bitter coal strike.
Into it come a sergeant and
three privates, ostensibly as a
recruiting team. In reality they
have deserted a colonial war to
bring back the body of a former
miner of the town.
Because of his death their
regiment massacred the civil
ians of a native town, and they
have returned home to purge
war from its roots—to "turn it
on to them that sent it out of
this country." Musgrave, their
fiery, hypnotic leader, believes
himself the agent of divine jus
tice: "God, my Lord God. Have
You or have You not delivered
this town into my hands? . . .
My prayer is . . . make this
Dance as terrible as You have
put it into my brain."
The Dance he contemplates is
indeed terrible: no less than the
retributive massacre of an En
glish town. The play is convinc
ing "anti-war" drama (is such a
genre exists, and it is written
with the bleak lyricism of a
song in King Lear.
Cannon's production builds
steadily and effectively, culmin
ating with the scene of the

"Dance" itself, which is well
staged and powerfully acted.
Bob Fletcher is excellent in the
title role. He has a magnetic
presence and uses his voice
skillfully.
At times his parade-ground
mannerisms and north-country
accent get in the way of his
lines, but this is more from an
excessive committment to his
role than flawed acting: he nev
er ceases to be Musgrave.
The rest of the cast is always
competent, and a few perform
ances are outstanding. Marguer
ite Olson is quite moving as
Annie, the half-crazed lover of
the boy whose skeleton has been
brought home. She manages to
avoid the Ophelia cliche and
conveys a stark dignity, making
effective use of the snatches of
ballad Arden has woven into her
speeches.
John L. Stahlin's performance
as Private Attercliffe is subtle

and effective. His understated
technique is particularly suc
cessful in his song and mono
logue at the play's end. Also
noteworthy are William Clebsch
as private Sparky and Glna
Swain as Mrs. Hitchcock.
The production's principle
drawbacks are its excesses.
There is a bit too much shoving,
shouting and stamping, and the
noise level is occasionally too
high. But this may be due as
much to the theatre as to the
production. The play is loud
and violent by nature, and it is
cramped by the intimate pro
portions of The Nitery. Such a
production deserves a better
stage.
It also deserves an audience.
Cannon and his actors have ac
complished a sincere and excit
ing piece of theatre, and it
should be seen.
It will be showing May 17 and
18 at The Nitery.
The Speech and Drama De
partment's presentation of John
Arden's Serjeant Musgrave's
Dance is an energetic and com
pelling production. With some
improvement it should be very
fine indeed, and improvement is
almost certain in view of the
unfortunate conditions which
plagued its opening night: a dis
appointingly small audience and
a very audible sit-in next door.
Under these circumstances, Di
rector Glenn Cannon's under
graduate cast performed ad
mirably.
Their work appears even more
admirable in light of the ambi
tious nature of their project.
Arden's play is a large-scale,
sprawling story of a 19th cen
tury mining town in the north
of England, gripped by a hard
winter and a bitter coal strike.
Into it come a sergeant and
three privates, ostensibly as a
recruiting team. In reality they
have deserted a colonial war to
bring back the body of a former
miner of the town.
Because of his death their
regiment massacred the civil
ians of a native town, and they
have returned home to purge
war from its roots—to "turn it
on to them that sent it out of
this country." Musgrave, their
fiery, hypnotic leader, believes
himself the agent of divine jus
tice: "God, my Lord God. Have
You or have You not delivered
this town into my hands? . . .
My prayer is . . . make this
Dance as terrible as You have
put it into my brain."
The Dance he contemplates is
indeed terrible: no less than the
retributive massacre of an En
glish town. The play is convinc
ing "anti-war" drama (is such a
genre exists, and it is written
with the bleak lyricism of a
song in King Lear.
Cannon's production builds
steadily and effectively, culmin
ating with the scene of the

"Dance" itself, which is well
staged and powerfully acted.
Bob Fletcher is excellent in the
title role. He has a magnetic
presence and uses his voice
skillfully.
At times his parade-ground
mannerisms and north-country
accent get in the way of his
lines, but this is more from an
excessive committment to his
role than flawed acting: he nev
er ceases to be Musgrave.
The rest of the cast is always
competent, and a few perform
ances are outstanding. Marguer
ite Olson is quite moving as
Annie, the half-crazed lover of
the boy whose skeleton has been
brought home. She manages to
avoid the Ophelia cliche and
conveys a stark dignity, making
effective use of the snatches of
ballad Arden has woven into her
speeches.
John L. Stahlin's performance
as Private Attercliffe is subtle

and effective. His understated
technique is particularly suc
cessful in his song and mono
logue at the play's end. Also
noteworthy are William Clebsch
as private Sparky and Glna
Swain as Mrs. Hitchcock.
The production's principle
drawbacks are its excesses.
There is a bit too much shoving,
shouting and stamping, and the
noise level is occasionally too
high. But this may be due as
much to the theatre as to the
production. The play is loud
and violent by nature, and it is
cramped by the intimate pro
portions of The Nitery. Such a
production deserves a better
stage.
It also deserves an audience.
Cannon and his actors have ac
complished a sincere and excit
ing piece of theatre, and it
should be seen.
It will be showing May 17 and
18 at The Nitery.
The Speech and Drama De
partment's presentation of John
Arden's Serjeant Musgrave's
Dance is an energetic and com
pelling production. With some
improvement it should be very
fine indeed, and improvement is
almost certain in view of the
unfortunate conditions which
plagued its opening night: a dis
appointingly small audience and
a very audible sit-in next door.
Under these circumstances, Di
rector Glenn Cannon's under
graduate cast performed ad
mirably.
Their work appears even more
admirable in light of the ambi
tious nature of their project.
Arden's play is a large-scale,
sprawling story of a 19th cen
tury mining town in the north
of England, gripped by a hard
winter and a bitter coal strike.
Into it come a sergeant and
three privates, ostensibly as a
recruiting team. In reality they
have deserted a colonial war to
bring back the body of a former
miner of the town.
Because of his death their
regiment massacred the civil
ians of a native town, and they
have returned home to purge
war from its roots—to "turn it
on to them that sent it out of
this country." Musgrave, their
fiery, hypnotic leader, believes
himself the agent of divine jus
tice: "God, my Lord God. Have
You or have You not delivered
this town into my hands? . . .
My prayer is . . . make this
Dance as terrible as You have
put it into my brain."
The Dance he contemplates is
indeed terrible: no less than the
retributive massacre of an En
glish town. The play is convinc
ing "anti-war" drama (is such a
genre exists, and it is written
with the bleak lyricism of a
song in King Lear.
Cannon's production builds
steadily and effectively, culmin
ating with the scene of the

"Dance" itself, which is well
staged and powerfully acted.
Bob Fletcher is excellent in the
title role. He has a magnetic
presence and uses his voice
skillfully.
At times his parade-ground
mannerisms and north-country
accent get in the way of his
lines, but this is more from an
excessive committment to his
role than flawed acting: he nev
er ceases to be Musgrave.
The rest of the cast is always
competent, and a few perform
ances are outstanding. Marguer
ite Olson is quite moving as
Annie, the half-crazed lover of
the boy whose skeleton has been
brought home. She manages to
avoid the Ophelia cliche and
conveys a stark dignity, making
effective use of the snatches of
ballad Arden has woven into her
speeches.
John L. Stahlin's performance
as Private Attercliffe is subtle

and effective. His understated
technique is particularly suc
cessful in his song and mono
logue at the play's end. Also
noteworthy are William Clebsch
as private Sparky and Glna
Swain as Mrs. Hitchcock.
The production's principle
drawbacks are its excesses.
There is a bit too much shoving,
shouting and stamping, and the
noise level is occasionally too
high. But this may be due as
much to the theatre as to the
production. The play is loud
and violent by nature, and it is
cramped by the intimate pro
portions of The Nitery. Such a
production deserves a better
stage.
It also deserves an audience.
Cannon and his actors have ac
complished a sincere and excit
ing piece of theatre, and it
should be seen.
It will be showing May 17 and
18 at The Nitery.
The Speech and Drama De
partment's presentation of John
Arden's Serjeant Musgrave's
Dance is an energetic and com
pelling production. With some
improvement it should be very
fine indeed, and improvement is
almost certain in view of the
unfortunate conditions which
plagued its opening night: a dis
appointingly small audience and
a very audible sit-in next door.
Under these circumstances, Di
rector Glenn Cannon's under
graduate cast performed ad
mirably.
Their work appears even more
admirable in light of the ambi
tious nature of their project.
Arden's play is a large-scale,
sprawling story of a 19th cen
tury mining town in the north
of England, gripped by a hard
winter and a bitter coal strike.
Into it come a sergeant and
three privates, ostensibly as a
recruiting team. In reality they
have deserted a colonial war to
bring back the body of a former
miner of the town.
Because of his death their
regiment massacred the civil
ians of a native town, and they
have returned home to purge
war from its roots—to "turn it
on to them that sent it out of
this country." Musgrave, their
fiery, hypnotic leader, believes
himself the agent of divine jus
tice: "God, my Lord God. Have
You or have You not delivered
this town into my hands? . . .
My prayer is . . . make this
Dance as terrible as You have
put it into my brain."
The Dance he contemplates is
indeed terrible: no less than the
retributive massacre of an En
glish town. The play is convinc
ing "anti-war" drama (is such a
genre exists, and it is written
with the bleak lyricism of a
song in King Lear.
Cannon's production builds
steadily and effectively, culmin
ating with the scene of the

"Dance" itself, which is well
staged and powerfully acted.
Bob Fletcher is excellent in the
title role. He has a magnetic
presence and uses his voice
skillfully.
At times his parade-ground
mannerisms and north-country
accent get in the way of his
lines, but this is more from an
excessive committment to his
role than flawed acting: he nev
er ceases to be Musgrave.
The rest of the cast is always
competent, and a few perform
ances are outstanding. Marguer
ite Olson is quite moving as
Annie, the half-crazed lover of
the boy whose skeleton has been
brought home. She manages to
avoid the Ophelia cliche and
conveys a stark dignity, making
effective use of the snatches of
ballad Arden has woven into her
speeches.
John L. Stahlin's performance
as Private Attercliffe is subtle

and effective. His understated
technique is particularly suc
cessful in his song and mono
logue at the play's end. Also
noteworthy are William Clebsch
as private Sparky and Glna
Swain as Mrs. Hitchcock.
The production's principle
drawbacks are its excesses.
There is a bit too much shoving,
shouting and stamping, and the
noise level is occasionally too
high. But this may be due as
much to the theatre as to the
production. The play is loud
and violent by nature, and it is
cramped by the intimate pro
portions of The Nitery. Such a
production deserves a better
stage.
It also deserves an audience.
Cannon and his actors have ac
complished a sincere and excit
ing piece of theatre, and it
should be seen.
It will be showing May 17 and
18 at The Nitery.
The Speech and Drama De
partment's presentation of John
Arden's Serjeant Musgrave's
Dance is an energetic and com
pelling production. With some
improvement it should be very
fine indeed, and improvement is
almost certain in view of the
unfortunate conditions which
plagued its opening night: a dis
appointingly small audience and
a very audible sit-in next door.
Under these circumstances, Di
rector Glenn Cannon's under
graduate cast performed ad
mirably.
Their work appears even more
admirable in light of the ambi
tious nature of their project.
Arden's play is a large-scale,
sprawling story of a 19th cen
tury mining town in the north
of England, gripped by a hard
winter and a bitter coal strike.
Into it come a sergeant and
three privates, ostensibly as a
recruiting team. In reality they
have deserted a colonial war to
bring back the body of a former
miner of the town.
Because of his death their
regiment massacred the civil
ians of a native town, and they
have returned home to purge
war from its roots—to "turn it
on to them that sent it out of
this country." Musgrave, their
fiery, hypnotic leader, believes
himself the agent of divine jus
tice: "God, my Lord God. Have
You or have You not delivered
this town into my hands? . . .
My prayer is . . . make this
Dance as terrible as You have
put it into my brain."
The Dance he contemplates is
indeed terrible: no less than the
retributive massacre of an En
glish town. The play is convinc
ing "anti-war" drama (is such a
genre exists, and it is written
with the bleak lyricism of a
song in King Lear.
Cannon's production builds
steadily and effectively, culmin
ating with the scene of the

"Dance" itself, which is well
staged and powerfully acted.
Bob Fletcher is excellent in the
title role. He has a magnetic
presence and uses his voice
skillfully.
At times his parade-ground
mannerisms and north-country
accent get in the way of his
lines, but this is more from an
excessive committment to his
role than flawed acting: he nev
er ceases to be Musgrave.
The rest of the cast is always
competent, and a few perform
ances are outstanding. Marguer
ite Olson is quite moving as
Annie, the half-crazed lover of
the boy whose skeleton has been
brought home. She manages to
avoid the Ophelia cliche and
conveys a stark dignity, making
effective use of the snatches of
ballad Arden has woven into her
speeches.
John L. Stahlin's performance
as Private Attercliffe is subtle

and effective. His understated
technique is particularly suc
cessful in his song and mono
logue at the play's end. Also
noteworthy are William Clebsch
as private Sparky and Glna
Swain as Mrs. Hitchcock.
The production's principle
drawbacks are its excesses.
There is a bit too much shoving,
shouting and stamping, and the
noise level is occasionally too
high. But this may be due as
much to the theatre as to the
production. The play is loud
and violent by nature, and it is
cramped by the intimate pro
portions of The Nitery. Such a
production deserves a better
stage.
It also deserves an audience.
Cannon and his actors have ac
complished a sincere and excit
ing piece of theatre, and it
should be seen.
It will be showing May 17 and
18 at The Nitery.
The Speech and Drama De
partment's presentation of John
Arden's Serjeant Musgrave's
Dance is an energetic and com
pelling production. With some
improvement it should be very
fine indeed, and improvement is
almost certain in view of the
unfortunate conditions which
plagued its opening night: a dis
appointingly small audience and
a very audible sit-in next door.
Under these circumstances, Di
rector Glenn Cannon's under
graduate cast performed ad
mirably.
Their work appears even more
admirable in light of the ambi
tious nature of their project.
Arden's play is a large-scale,
sprawling story of a 19th cen
tury mining town in the north
of England, gripped by a hard
winter and a bitter coal strike.
Into it come a sergeant and
three privates, ostensibly as a
recruiting team. In reality they
have deserted a colonial war to
bring back the body of a former
miner of the town.
Because of his death their
regiment massacred the civil
ians of a native town, and they
have returned home to purge
war from its roots—to "turn it
on to them that sent it out of
this country." Musgrave, their
fiery, hypnotic leader, believes
himself the agent of divine jus
tice: "God, my Lord God. Have
You or have You not delivered
this town into my hands? . . .
My prayer is . . . make this
Dance as terrible as You have
put it into my brain."
The Dance he contemplates is
indeed terrible: no less than the
retributive massacre of an En
glish town. The play is convinc
ing "anti-war" drama (is such a
genre exists, and it is written
with the bleak lyricism of a
song in King Lear.
Cannon's production builds
steadily and effectively, culmin
ating with the scene of the

"Dance" itself, which is well
staged and powerfully acted.
Bob Fletcher is excellent in the
title role. He has a magnetic
presence and uses his voice
skillfully.
At times his parade-ground
mannerisms and north-country
accent get in the way of his
lines, but this is more from an
excessive committment to his
role than flawed acting: he nev
er ceases to be Musgrave.
The rest of the cast is always
competent, and a few perform
ances are outstanding. Marguer
ite Olson is quite moving as
Annie, the half-crazed lover of
the boy whose skeleton has been
brought home. She manages to
avoid the Ophelia cliche and
conveys a stark dignity, making
effective use of the snatches of
ballad Arden has woven into her
speeches.
John L. Stahlin's performance
as Private Attercliffe is subtle

and effective. His understated
technique is particularly suc
cessful in his song and mono
logue at the play's end. Also
noteworthy are William Clebsch
as private Sparky and Glna
Swain as Mrs. Hitchcock.
The production's principle
drawbacks are its excesses.
There is a bit too much shoving,
shouting and stamping, and the
noise level is occasionally too
high. But this may be due as
much to the theatre as to the
production. The play is loud
and violent by nature, and it is
cramped by the intimate pro
portions of The Nitery. Such a
production deserves a better
stage.
It also deserves an audience.
Cannon and his actors have ac
complished a sincere and excit
ing piece of theatre, and it
should be seen.
It will be showing May 17 and
18 at The Nitery.
