# COUNSEL CARE IN CITY
## UPPERCLASSMEN URGE PRUDENCE AT GATHERING. Student Body Meets For Discussion of Measures For Welfare of the University. 
### 
Following the serpentine and rail.'
last evening the men of the Univer
sity met in Encina elubroom and held
an important session. The gathering
was called by President Roth to dis
cuss what will be the behavior of ihe
students in San Francisco following
the game toworrow. This question has
been voiced on all sides by undergrad
uates during the last few weeks. Sen
iors believed it important for the wel
fare of the student body and the en
tire University that the men be want
ed that they were on trial. If tliev
misbehave in San Francisco and inh
ered in resorts and caused disrurb
ances, the student body and the "ni
versity as well as individuals, wouid
sufier.
President Roth of the student oody
called the meeting together an l out-
