# Will Discuss Antigone.
## 
### 
A discussion of the Greek tragedy
Antigone, will be given Thursday
evening in the chapel at 7:30 by
Professors Murray and Fairclough.
The object will be to go over the
play in a general way, and to make
it clear.
A discussion of the Greek tragedy
Antigone, will be given Thursday
evening in the chapel at 7:30 by
Professors Murray and Fairclough.
The object will be to go over the
play in a general way, and to make
it clear.
A discussion of the Greek tragedy
Antigone, will be given Thursday
evening in the chapel at 7:30 by
Professors Murray and Fairclough.
The object will be to go over the
play in a general way, and to make
it clear.
A discussion of the Greek tragedy
Antigone, will be given Thursday
evening in the chapel at 7:30 by
Professors Murray and Fairclough.
The object will be to go over the
play in a general way, and to make
it clear.
A discussion of the Greek tragedy
Antigone, will be given Thursday
evening in the chapel at 7:30 by
Professors Murray and Fairclough.
The object will be to go over the
play in a general way, and to make
it clear.
A discussion of the Greek tragedy
Antigone, will be given Thursday
evening in the chapel at 7:30 by
Professors Murray and Fairclough.
The object will be to go over the
play in a general way, and to make
it clear.
A discussion of the Greek tragedy
Antigone, will be given Thursday
evening in the chapel at 7:30 by
Professors Murray and Fairclough.
The object will be to go over the
play in a general way, and to make
it clear.
