# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Next Thursday evening lectures
on the Antigone will be given in
the chapel. In view of the ap
proaching presentation of the trag
edy here students will do well to
take advantage of the opportunity
to familiarize themselves with the
play. Few of those who are not
actively interested in the produc
tion appreciate the elaborate prep
arations that are under way. A
successful performance of the first
Greek play given on the Coast will
reflect much credit on the Univer
sity.
Next Thursday evening lectures
on the Antigone will be given in
the chapel. In view of the ap
proaching presentation of the trag
edy here students will do well to
take advantage of the opportunity
to familiarize themselves with the
play. Few of those who are not
actively interested in the produc
tion appreciate the elaborate prep
arations that are under way. A
successful performance of the first
Greek play given on the Coast will
reflect much credit on the Univer
sity.
Next Thursday evening lectures
on the Antigone will be given in
the chapel. In view of the ap
proaching presentation of the trag
edy here students will do well to
take advantage of the opportunity
to familiarize themselves with the
play. Few of those who are not
actively interested in the produc
tion appreciate the elaborate prep
arations that are under way. A
successful performance of the first
Greek play given on the Coast will
reflect much credit on the Univer
sity.
Next Thursday evening lectures
on the Antigone will be given in
the chapel. In view of the ap
proaching presentation of the trag
edy here students will do well to
take advantage of the opportunity
to familiarize themselves with the
play. Few of those who are not
actively interested in the produc
tion appreciate the elaborate prep
arations that are under way. A
successful performance of the first
Greek play given on the Coast will
reflect much credit on the Univer
sity.
Next Thursday evening lectures
on the Antigone will be given in
the chapel. In view of the ap
proaching presentation of the trag
edy here students will do well to
take advantage of the opportunity
to familiarize themselves with the
play. Few of those who are not
actively interested in the produc
tion appreciate the elaborate prep
arations that are under way. A
successful performance of the first
Greek play given on the Coast will
reflect much credit on the Univer
sity.
Next Thursday evening lectures
on the Antigone will be given in
the chapel. In view of the ap
proaching presentation of the trag
edy here students will do well to
take advantage of the opportunity
to familiarize themselves with the
play. Few of those who are not
actively interested in the produc
tion appreciate the elaborate prep
arations that are under way. A
successful performance of the first
Greek play given on the Coast will
reflect much credit on the Univer
sity.
Next Thursday evening lectures
on the Antigone will be given in
the chapel. In view of the ap
proaching presentation of the trag
edy here students will do well to
take advantage of the opportunity
to familiarize themselves with the
play. Few of those who are not
actively interested in the produc
tion appreciate the elaborate prep
arations that are under way. A
successful performance of the first
Greek play given on the Coast will
reflect much credit on the Univer
sity.
