# Untitled Article
## 
### 
One of the most enjoyable events
of the college year promises to be
the Elizabethan Carnival on Lake
Lagunita.
One of the most enjoyable events
of the college year promises to be
the Elizabethan Carnival on Lake
Lagunita.
One of the most enjoyable events
of the college year promises to be
the Elizabethan Carnival on Lake
Lagunita.
One of the most enjoyable events
of the college year promises to be
the Elizabethan Carnival on Lake
Lagunita.
One of the most enjoyable events
of the college year promises to be
the Elizabethan Carnival on Lake
Lagunita.
One of the most enjoyable events
of the college year promises to be
the Elizabethan Carnival on Lake
Lagunita.
One of the most enjoyable events
of the college year promises to be
the Elizabethan Carnival on Lake
Lagunita.
