# Gallery Showing Type Designs
## 
### 
'Typographic Designs by Her
mann Zap! and Jack W. Stauf
facher" is the title of an exhibi
tion now at Stanford Art Gal
lery.
Zapf who is considered one of
the world's greatest typograph
ers and calligraphers, past or
present, now lives in South Ger
many. The Gallery show will in
clude his book covers, book
pages, announcements, and cal
ligraphic designs which have
been organized for exhibition by
Hallmark Cards.
Stauffacher, art director of
Stanford University Press from
1963 to 1966, reopened The
Greenwood Press in San Fran
cisco in 1966. His typographic
design work will be represented
by examples of his fine book
production, several of which
have won national awards.
