# New Officers In Girls' Squads.
## 
### 
In a meeting of the girls' tennis
squad held this afternoon, the fol
lowing new officers were elected:
Captain, Miss Elise Owen, '07;
manager, Miss Ruth Sterne, '09.
Plans were made for a tournament
of singles to be held in November.
A racket was offered as a trophy.
The holding of the Stanford and
California intercollegiate match,
postponed from last semester, was
discussed but not acted upon
through a misunderstanding of the
date desired by the two colleges.
There are three new tennis courts
and two old ones, which will be
ready for use in a few days.
The basket ball squad held an
election at the same time. Mies
Minerva Monteith, '08, and Miss
Ruth Lewis, '09, were elected presi
dent and business manager re
spectively.
In a meeting of the girls' tennis
squad held this afternoon, the fol
lowing new officers were elected:
Captain, Miss Elise Owen, '07;
manager, Miss Ruth Sterne, '09.
Plans were made for a tournament
of singles to be held in November.
A racket was offered as a trophy.
The holding of the Stanford and
California intercollegiate match,
postponed from last semester, was
discussed but not acted upon
through a misunderstanding of the
date desired by the two colleges.
There are three new tennis courts
and two old ones, which will be
ready for use in a few days.
The basket ball squad held an
election at the same time. Mies
Minerva Monteith, '08, and Miss
Ruth Lewis, '09, were elected presi
dent and business manager re
spectively.
In a meeting of the girls' tennis
squad held this afternoon, the fol
lowing new officers were elected:
Captain, Miss Elise Owen, '07;
manager, Miss Ruth Sterne, '09.
Plans were made for a tournament
of singles to be held in November.
A racket was offered as a trophy.
The holding of the Stanford and
California intercollegiate match,
postponed from last semester, was
discussed but not acted upon
through a misunderstanding of the
date desired by the two colleges.
There are three new tennis courts
and two old ones, which will be
ready for use in a few days.
The basket ball squad held an
election at the same time. Mies
Minerva Monteith, '08, and Miss
Ruth Lewis, '09, were elected presi
dent and business manager re
spectively.
In a meeting of the girls' tennis
squad held this afternoon, the fol
lowing new officers were elected:
Captain, Miss Elise Owen, '07;
manager, Miss Ruth Sterne, '09.
Plans were made for a tournament
of singles to be held in November.
A racket was offered as a trophy.
The holding of the Stanford and
California intercollegiate match,
postponed from last semester, was
discussed but not acted upon
through a misunderstanding of the
date desired by the two colleges.
There are three new tennis courts
and two old ones, which will be
ready for use in a few days.
The basket ball squad held an
election at the same time. Mies
Minerva Monteith, '08, and Miss
Ruth Lewis, '09, were elected presi
dent and business manager re
spectively.
In a meeting of the girls' tennis
squad held this afternoon, the fol
lowing new officers were elected:
Captain, Miss Elise Owen, '07;
manager, Miss Ruth Sterne, '09.
Plans were made for a tournament
of singles to be held in November.
A racket was offered as a trophy.
The holding of the Stanford and
California intercollegiate match,
postponed from last semester, was
discussed but not acted upon
through a misunderstanding of the
date desired by the two colleges.
There are three new tennis courts
and two old ones, which will be
ready for use in a few days.
The basket ball squad held an
election at the same time. Mies
Minerva Monteith, '08, and Miss
Ruth Lewis, '09, were elected presi
dent and business manager re
spectively.
In a meeting of the girls' tennis
squad held this afternoon, the fol
lowing new officers were elected:
Captain, Miss Elise Owen, '07;
manager, Miss Ruth Sterne, '09.
Plans were made for a tournament
of singles to be held in November.
A racket was offered as a trophy.
The holding of the Stanford and
California intercollegiate match,
postponed from last semester, was
discussed but not acted upon
through a misunderstanding of the
date desired by the two colleges.
There are three new tennis courts
and two old ones, which will be
ready for use in a few days.
The basket ball squad held an
election at the same time. Mies
Minerva Monteith, '08, and Miss
Ruth Lewis, '09, were elected presi
dent and business manager re
spectively.
In a meeting of the girls' tennis
squad held this afternoon, the fol
lowing new officers were elected:
Captain, Miss Elise Owen, '07;
manager, Miss Ruth Sterne, '09.
Plans were made for a tournament
of singles to be held in November.
A racket was offered as a trophy.
The holding of the Stanford and
California intercollegiate match,
postponed from last semester, was
discussed but not acted upon
through a misunderstanding of the
date desired by the two colleges.
There are three new tennis courts
and two old ones, which will be
ready for use in a few days.
The basket ball squad held an
election at the same time. Mies
Minerva Monteith, '08, and Miss
Ruth Lewis, '09, were elected presi
dent and business manager re
spectively.
In a meeting of the girls' tennis
squad held this afternoon, the fol
lowing new officers were elected:
Captain, Miss Elise Owen, '07;
manager, Miss Ruth Sterne, '09.
Plans were made for a tournament
of singles to be held in November.
A racket was offered as a trophy.
The holding of the Stanford and
California intercollegiate match,
postponed from last semester, was
discussed but not acted upon
through a misunderstanding of the
date desired by the two colleges.
There are three new tennis courts
and two old ones, which will be
ready for use in a few days.
The basket ball squad held an
election at the same time. Mies
Minerva Monteith, '08, and Miss
Ruth Lewis, '09, were elected presi
dent and business manager re
spectively.
