# Four Heroes
## 
### 

joe chez
—Relief job: three hits, no earned
runs.


TOM SHAW
—Back in the hall ffame: A double
in the fifth


BUD KLEIN
—Cards' DiMaggio: The triple in
the ninth.


JOHN CLAYPOOL
—The Cards' firs! Cal sweep since
1!)31: Bin^o!

joe chez
—Relief job: three hits, no earned
runs.


TOM SHAW
—Back in the hall ffame: A double
in the fifth


BUD KLEIN
—Cards' DiMaggio: The triple in
the ninth.


JOHN CLAYPOOL
—The Cards' firs! Cal sweep since
1!)31: Bin^o!

joe chez
—Relief job: three hits, no earned
runs.


TOM SHAW
—Back in the hall ffame: A double
in the fifth


BUD KLEIN
—Cards' DiMaggio: The triple in
the ninth.


JOHN CLAYPOOL
—The Cards' firs! Cal sweep since
1!)31: Bin^o!

joe chez
—Relief job: three hits, no earned
runs.


TOM SHAW
—Back in the hall ffame: A double
in the fifth


BUD KLEIN
—Cards' DiMaggio: The triple in
the ninth.


JOHN CLAYPOOL
—The Cards' firs! Cal sweep since
1!)31: Bin^o!

joe chez
—Relief job: three hits, no earned
runs.


TOM SHAW
—Back in the hall ffame: A double
in the fifth


BUD KLEIN
—Cards' DiMaggio: The triple in
the ninth.


JOHN CLAYPOOL
—The Cards' firs! Cal sweep since
1!)31: Bin^o!

joe chez
—Relief job: three hits, no earned
runs.


TOM SHAW
—Back in the hall ffame: A double
in the fifth


BUD KLEIN
—Cards' DiMaggio: The triple in
the ninth.


JOHN CLAYPOOL
—The Cards' firs! Cal sweep since
1!)31: Bin^o!

joe chez
—Relief job: three hits, no earned
runs.


TOM SHAW
—Back in the hall ffame: A double
in the fifth


BUD KLEIN
—Cards' DiMaggio: The triple in
the ninth.


JOHN CLAYPOOL
—The Cards' firs! Cal sweep since
1!)31: Bin^o!

joe chez
—Relief job: three hits, no earned
runs.


TOM SHAW
—Back in the hall ffame: A double
in the fifth


BUD KLEIN
—Cards' DiMaggio: The triple in
the ninth.


JOHN CLAYPOOL
—The Cards' firs! Cal sweep since
1!)31: Bin^o!

joe chez
—Relief job: three hits, no earned
runs.


TOM SHAW
—Back in the hall ffame: A double
in the fifth


BUD KLEIN
—Cards' DiMaggio: The triple in
the ninth.


JOHN CLAYPOOL
—The Cards' firs! Cal sweep since
1!)31: Bin^o!

joe chez
—Relief job: three hits, no earned
runs.


TOM SHAW
—Back in the hall ffame: A double
in the fifth


BUD KLEIN
—Cards' DiMaggio: The triple in
the ninth.


JOHN CLAYPOOL
—The Cards' firs! Cal sweep since
1!)31: Bin^o!

joe chez
—Relief job: three hits, no earned
runs.


TOM SHAW
—Back in the hall ffame: A double
in the fifth


BUD KLEIN
—Cards' DiMaggio: The triple in
the ninth.


JOHN CLAYPOOL
—The Cards' firs! Cal sweep since
1!)31: Bin^o!

joe chez
—Relief job: three hits, no earned
runs.


TOM SHAW
—Back in the hall ffame: A double
in the fifth


BUD KLEIN
—Cards' DiMaggio: The triple in
the ninth.


JOHN CLAYPOOL
—The Cards' firs! Cal sweep since
1!)31: Bin^o!

joe chez
—Relief job: three hits, no earned
runs.


TOM SHAW
—Back in the hall ffame: A double
in the fifth


BUD KLEIN
—Cards' DiMaggio: The triple in
the ninth.


JOHN CLAYPOOL
—The Cards' firs! Cal sweep since
1!)31: Bin^o!

joe chez
—Relief job: three hits, no earned
runs.


TOM SHAW
—Back in the hall ffame: A double
in the fifth


BUD KLEIN
—Cards' DiMaggio: The triple in
the ninth.


JOHN CLAYPOOL
—The Cards' firs! Cal sweep since
1!)31: Bin^o!
