# Winnipeg Flooded
## 
### 
WINNIPEG Weary flood fighters
battled the surging Bed River Sun
flay as fresh floods moved toward
inundated Winnipeg, Canada's ma
jor Western city.
Thousands of toilers worked with
out letup to strengthen the river
ramparts as a new flood crest moved
toward the grain city from the
United Sates. Melting snows in
North Dakota and Minnesota were
blamed for the new flood threat.
WINNIPEG Weary flood fighters
battled the surging Bed River Sun
flay as fresh floods moved toward
inundated Winnipeg, Canada's ma
jor Western city.
Thousands of toilers worked with
out letup to strengthen the river
ramparts as a new flood crest moved
toward the grain city from the
United Sates. Melting snows in
North Dakota and Minnesota were
blamed for the new flood threat.
WINNIPEG Weary flood fighters
battled the surging Bed River Sun
flay as fresh floods moved toward
inundated Winnipeg, Canada's ma
jor Western city.
Thousands of toilers worked with
out letup to strengthen the river
ramparts as a new flood crest moved
toward the grain city from the
United Sates. Melting snows in
North Dakota and Minnesota were
blamed for the new flood threat.
WINNIPEG Weary flood fighters
battled the surging Bed River Sun
flay as fresh floods moved toward
inundated Winnipeg, Canada's ma
jor Western city.
Thousands of toilers worked with
out letup to strengthen the river
ramparts as a new flood crest moved
toward the grain city from the
United Sates. Melting snows in
North Dakota and Minnesota were
blamed for the new flood threat.
WINNIPEG Weary flood fighters
battled the surging Bed River Sun
flay as fresh floods moved toward
inundated Winnipeg, Canada's ma
jor Western city.
Thousands of toilers worked with
out letup to strengthen the river
ramparts as a new flood crest moved
toward the grain city from the
United Sates. Melting snows in
North Dakota and Minnesota were
blamed for the new flood threat.
WINNIPEG Weary flood fighters
battled the surging Bed River Sun
flay as fresh floods moved toward
inundated Winnipeg, Canada's ma
jor Western city.
Thousands of toilers worked with
out letup to strengthen the river
ramparts as a new flood crest moved
toward the grain city from the
United Sates. Melting snows in
North Dakota and Minnesota were
blamed for the new flood threat.
WINNIPEG Weary flood fighters
battled the surging Bed River Sun
flay as fresh floods moved toward
inundated Winnipeg, Canada's ma
jor Western city.
Thousands of toilers worked with
out letup to strengthen the river
ramparts as a new flood crest moved
toward the grain city from the
United Sates. Melting snows in
North Dakota and Minnesota were
blamed for the new flood threat.
WINNIPEG Weary flood fighters
battled the surging Bed River Sun
flay as fresh floods moved toward
inundated Winnipeg, Canada's ma
jor Western city.
Thousands of toilers worked with
out letup to strengthen the river
ramparts as a new flood crest moved
toward the grain city from the
United Sates. Melting snows in
North Dakota and Minnesota were
blamed for the new flood threat.
WINNIPEG Weary flood fighters
battled the surging Bed River Sun
flay as fresh floods moved toward
inundated Winnipeg, Canada's ma
jor Western city.
Thousands of toilers worked with
out letup to strengthen the river
ramparts as a new flood crest moved
toward the grain city from the
United Sates. Melting snows in
North Dakota and Minnesota were
blamed for the new flood threat.
WINNIPEG Weary flood fighters
battled the surging Bed River Sun
flay as fresh floods moved toward
inundated Winnipeg, Canada's ma
jor Western city.
Thousands of toilers worked with
out letup to strengthen the river
ramparts as a new flood crest moved
toward the grain city from the
United Sates. Melting snows in
North Dakota and Minnesota were
blamed for the new flood threat.
WINNIPEG Weary flood fighters
battled the surging Bed River Sun
flay as fresh floods moved toward
inundated Winnipeg, Canada's ma
jor Western city.
Thousands of toilers worked with
out letup to strengthen the river
ramparts as a new flood crest moved
toward the grain city from the
United Sates. Melting snows in
North Dakota and Minnesota were
blamed for the new flood threat.
WINNIPEG Weary flood fighters
battled the surging Bed River Sun
flay as fresh floods moved toward
inundated Winnipeg, Canada's ma
jor Western city.
Thousands of toilers worked with
out letup to strengthen the river
ramparts as a new flood crest moved
toward the grain city from the
United Sates. Melting snows in
North Dakota and Minnesota were
blamed for the new flood threat.
WINNIPEG Weary flood fighters
battled the surging Bed River Sun
flay as fresh floods moved toward
inundated Winnipeg, Canada's ma
jor Western city.
Thousands of toilers worked with
out letup to strengthen the river
ramparts as a new flood crest moved
toward the grain city from the
United Sates. Melting snows in
North Dakota and Minnesota were
blamed for the new flood threat.
WINNIPEG Weary flood fighters
battled the surging Bed River Sun
flay as fresh floods moved toward
inundated Winnipeg, Canada's ma
jor Western city.
Thousands of toilers worked with
out letup to strengthen the river
ramparts as a new flood crest moved
toward the grain city from the
United Sates. Melting snows in
North Dakota and Minnesota were
blamed for the new flood threat.
