# MURAL BASKETBALL SIGNUPS
## 
### 
Signup sheets are now posted for
intramural basketball. Deadline for
registering on these lists is next
Monday. The first basketball games
will be held a week from today.
Signup sheets are now posted for
intramural basketball. Deadline for
registering on these lists is next
Monday. The first basketball games
will be held a week from today.
Signup sheets are now posted for
intramural basketball. Deadline for
registering on these lists is next
Monday. The first basketball games
will be held a week from today.
Signup sheets are now posted for
intramural basketball. Deadline for
registering on these lists is next
Monday. The first basketball games
will be held a week from today.
Signup sheets are now posted for
intramural basketball. Deadline for
registering on these lists is next
Monday. The first basketball games
will be held a week from today.
Signup sheets are now posted for
intramural basketball. Deadline for
registering on these lists is next
Monday. The first basketball games
will be held a week from today.
Signup sheets are now posted for
intramural basketball. Deadline for
registering on these lists is next
Monday. The first basketball games
will be held a week from today.
Signup sheets are now posted for
intramural basketball. Deadline for
registering on these lists is next
Monday. The first basketball games
will be held a week from today.
Signup sheets are now posted for
intramural basketball. Deadline for
registering on these lists is next
Monday. The first basketball games
will be held a week from today.
Signup sheets are now posted for
intramural basketball. Deadline for
registering on these lists is next
Monday. The first basketball games
will be held a week from today.
Signup sheets are now posted for
intramural basketball. Deadline for
registering on these lists is next
Monday. The first basketball games
will be held a week from today.
Signup sheets are now posted for
intramural basketball. Deadline for
registering on these lists is next
Monday. The first basketball games
will be held a week from today.
Signup sheets are now posted for
intramural basketball. Deadline for
registering on these lists is next
Monday. The first basketball games
will be held a week from today.
Signup sheets are now posted for
intramural basketball. Deadline for
registering on these lists is next
Monday. The first basketball games
will be held a week from today.
