# Secret Agents Solve Theft
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Jan. 5 (UP) —
Fast-moving Secret Service agents
and state police, tipped off by a
nervous father-in-law, solved the
$160,000 theft from the U.S. Bureau
of Engraving today with the arrest
of three persons and recovery of
most of the money.
Charged with the biggest robbery
in the history of the government
money-printing office were:
James Rufus Landis, 29-year-old
Negro bureau employee and father
of two small boys. Landis, who
makes $1.42 an hour on his govern
ment job, is a World War II vet
eran.
William Giles, 27. government
"flag-pole painter," who said he
and Landis stole the money because
they "wanted to buy something for
our kids."
Lanjiis' wife, Mamie, 26, who de
nied an active part in the robbery
but admitted accompanying the two
men:
WASHINGTON, Jan. 5 (UP) —
Fast-moving Secret Service agents
and state police, tipped off by a
nervous father-in-law, solved the
$160,000 theft from the U.S. Bureau
of Engraving today with the arrest
of three persons and recovery of
most of the money.
Charged with the biggest robbery
in the history of the government
money-printing office were:
James Rufus Landis, 29-year-old
Negro bureau employee and father
of two small boys. Landis, who
makes $1.42 an hour on his govern
ment job, is a World War II vet
eran.
William Giles, 27. government
"flag-pole painter," who said he
and Landis stole the money because
they "wanted to buy something for
our kids."
Lanjiis' wife, Mamie, 26, who de
nied an active part in the robbery
but admitted accompanying the two
men:
WASHINGTON, Jan. 5 (UP) —
Fast-moving Secret Service agents
and state police, tipped off by a
nervous father-in-law, solved the
$160,000 theft from the U.S. Bureau
of Engraving today with the arrest
of three persons and recovery of
most of the money.
Charged with the biggest robbery
in the history of the government
money-printing office were:
James Rufus Landis, 29-year-old
Negro bureau employee and father
of two small boys. Landis, who
makes $1.42 an hour on his govern
ment job, is a World War II vet
eran.
William Giles, 27. government
"flag-pole painter," who said he
and Landis stole the money because
they "wanted to buy something for
our kids."
Lanjiis' wife, Mamie, 26, who de
nied an active part in the robbery
but admitted accompanying the two
men:
WASHINGTON, Jan. 5 (UP) —
Fast-moving Secret Service agents
and state police, tipped off by a
nervous father-in-law, solved the
$160,000 theft from the U.S. Bureau
of Engraving today with the arrest
of three persons and recovery of
most of the money.
Charged with the biggest robbery
in the history of the government
money-printing office were:
James Rufus Landis, 29-year-old
Negro bureau employee and father
of two small boys. Landis, who
makes $1.42 an hour on his govern
ment job, is a World War II vet
eran.
William Giles, 27. government
"flag-pole painter," who said he
and Landis stole the money because
they "wanted to buy something for
our kids."
Lanjiis' wife, Mamie, 26, who de
nied an active part in the robbery
but admitted accompanying the two
men:
WASHINGTON, Jan. 5 (UP) —
Fast-moving Secret Service agents
and state police, tipped off by a
nervous father-in-law, solved the
$160,000 theft from the U.S. Bureau
of Engraving today with the arrest
of three persons and recovery of
most of the money.
Charged with the biggest robbery
in the history of the government
money-printing office were:
James Rufus Landis, 29-year-old
Negro bureau employee and father
of two small boys. Landis, who
makes $1.42 an hour on his govern
ment job, is a World War II vet
eran.
William Giles, 27. government
"flag-pole painter," who said he
and Landis stole the money because
they "wanted to buy something for
our kids."
Lanjiis' wife, Mamie, 26, who de
nied an active part in the robbery
but admitted accompanying the two
men:
WASHINGTON, Jan. 5 (UP) —
Fast-moving Secret Service agents
and state police, tipped off by a
nervous father-in-law, solved the
$160,000 theft from the U.S. Bureau
of Engraving today with the arrest
of three persons and recovery of
most of the money.
Charged with the biggest robbery
in the history of the government
money-printing office were:
James Rufus Landis, 29-year-old
Negro bureau employee and father
of two small boys. Landis, who
makes $1.42 an hour on his govern
ment job, is a World War II vet
eran.
William Giles, 27. government
"flag-pole painter," who said he
and Landis stole the money because
they "wanted to buy something for
our kids."
Lanjiis' wife, Mamie, 26, who de
nied an active part in the robbery
but admitted accompanying the two
men:
WASHINGTON, Jan. 5 (UP) —
Fast-moving Secret Service agents
and state police, tipped off by a
nervous father-in-law, solved the
$160,000 theft from the U.S. Bureau
of Engraving today with the arrest
of three persons and recovery of
most of the money.
Charged with the biggest robbery
in the history of the government
money-printing office were:
James Rufus Landis, 29-year-old
Negro bureau employee and father
of two small boys. Landis, who
makes $1.42 an hour on his govern
ment job, is a World War II vet
eran.
William Giles, 27. government
"flag-pole painter," who said he
and Landis stole the money because
they "wanted to buy something for
our kids."
Lanjiis' wife, Mamie, 26, who de
nied an active part in the robbery
but admitted accompanying the two
men:
WASHINGTON, Jan. 5 (UP) —
Fast-moving Secret Service agents
and state police, tipped off by a
nervous father-in-law, solved the
$160,000 theft from the U.S. Bureau
of Engraving today with the arrest
of three persons and recovery of
most of the money.
Charged with the biggest robbery
in the history of the government
money-printing office were:
James Rufus Landis, 29-year-old
Negro bureau employee and father
of two small boys. Landis, who
makes $1.42 an hour on his govern
ment job, is a World War II vet
eran.
William Giles, 27. government
"flag-pole painter," who said he
and Landis stole the money because
they "wanted to buy something for
our kids."
Lanjiis' wife, Mamie, 26, who de
nied an active part in the robbery
but admitted accompanying the two
men:
WASHINGTON, Jan. 5 (UP) —
Fast-moving Secret Service agents
and state police, tipped off by a
nervous father-in-law, solved the
$160,000 theft from the U.S. Bureau
of Engraving today with the arrest
of three persons and recovery of
most of the money.
Charged with the biggest robbery
in the history of the government
money-printing office were:
James Rufus Landis, 29-year-old
Negro bureau employee and father
of two small boys. Landis, who
makes $1.42 an hour on his govern
ment job, is a World War II vet
eran.
William Giles, 27. government
"flag-pole painter," who said he
and Landis stole the money because
they "wanted to buy something for
our kids."
Lanjiis' wife, Mamie, 26, who de
nied an active part in the robbery
but admitted accompanying the two
men:
WASHINGTON, Jan. 5 (UP) —
Fast-moving Secret Service agents
and state police, tipped off by a
nervous father-in-law, solved the
$160,000 theft from the U.S. Bureau
of Engraving today with the arrest
of three persons and recovery of
most of the money.
Charged with the biggest robbery
in the history of the government
money-printing office were:
James Rufus Landis, 29-year-old
Negro bureau employee and father
of two small boys. Landis, who
makes $1.42 an hour on his govern
ment job, is a World War II vet
eran.
William Giles, 27. government
"flag-pole painter," who said he
and Landis stole the money because
they "wanted to buy something for
our kids."
Lanjiis' wife, Mamie, 26, who de
nied an active part in the robbery
but admitted accompanying the two
men:
WASHINGTON, Jan. 5 (UP) —
Fast-moving Secret Service agents
and state police, tipped off by a
nervous father-in-law, solved the
$160,000 theft from the U.S. Bureau
of Engraving today with the arrest
of three persons and recovery of
most of the money.
Charged with the biggest robbery
in the history of the government
money-printing office were:
James Rufus Landis, 29-year-old
Negro bureau employee and father
of two small boys. Landis, who
makes $1.42 an hour on his govern
ment job, is a World War II vet
eran.
William Giles, 27. government
"flag-pole painter," who said he
and Landis stole the money because
they "wanted to buy something for
our kids."
Lanjiis' wife, Mamie, 26, who de
nied an active part in the robbery
but admitted accompanying the two
men:
WASHINGTON, Jan. 5 (UP) —
Fast-moving Secret Service agents
and state police, tipped off by a
nervous father-in-law, solved the
$160,000 theft from the U.S. Bureau
of Engraving today with the arrest
of three persons and recovery of
most of the money.
Charged with the biggest robbery
in the history of the government
money-printing office were:
James Rufus Landis, 29-year-old
Negro bureau employee and father
of two small boys. Landis, who
makes $1.42 an hour on his govern
ment job, is a World War II vet
eran.
William Giles, 27. government
"flag-pole painter," who said he
and Landis stole the money because
they "wanted to buy something for
our kids."
Lanjiis' wife, Mamie, 26, who de
nied an active part in the robbery
but admitted accompanying the two
men:
WASHINGTON, Jan. 5 (UP) —
Fast-moving Secret Service agents
and state police, tipped off by a
nervous father-in-law, solved the
$160,000 theft from the U.S. Bureau
of Engraving today with the arrest
of three persons and recovery of
most of the money.
Charged with the biggest robbery
in the history of the government
money-printing office were:
James Rufus Landis, 29-year-old
Negro bureau employee and father
of two small boys. Landis, who
makes $1.42 an hour on his govern
ment job, is a World War II vet
eran.
William Giles, 27. government
"flag-pole painter," who said he
and Landis stole the money because
they "wanted to buy something for
our kids."
Lanjiis' wife, Mamie, 26, who de
nied an active part in the robbery
but admitted accompanying the two
men:
WASHINGTON, Jan. 5 (UP) —
Fast-moving Secret Service agents
and state police, tipped off by a
nervous father-in-law, solved the
$160,000 theft from the U.S. Bureau
of Engraving today with the arrest
of three persons and recovery of
most of the money.
Charged with the biggest robbery
in the history of the government
money-printing office were:
James Rufus Landis, 29-year-old
Negro bureau employee and father
of two small boys. Landis, who
makes $1.42 an hour on his govern
ment job, is a World War II vet
eran.
William Giles, 27. government
"flag-pole painter," who said he
and Landis stole the money because
they "wanted to buy something for
our kids."
Lanjiis' wife, Mamie, 26, who de
nied an active part in the robbery
but admitted accompanying the two
men:
