# PUB REL MEETING
## 
### 
Public Relations Committee will
meet at 5 p.m. today in the Public
Relations Office. All members are
required to atend.
Public Relations Committee will
meet at 5 p.m. today in the Public
Relations Office. All members are
required to atend.
Public Relations Committee will
meet at 5 p.m. today in the Public
Relations Office. All members are
required to atend.
Public Relations Committee will
meet at 5 p.m. today in the Public
Relations Office. All members are
required to atend.
Public Relations Committee will
meet at 5 p.m. today in the Public
Relations Office. All members are
required to atend.
Public Relations Committee will
meet at 5 p.m. today in the Public
Relations Office. All members are
required to atend.
Public Relations Committee will
meet at 5 p.m. today in the Public
Relations Office. All members are
required to atend.
Public Relations Committee will
meet at 5 p.m. today in the Public
Relations Office. All members are
required to atend.
Public Relations Committee will
meet at 5 p.m. today in the Public
Relations Office. All members are
required to atend.
Public Relations Committee will
meet at 5 p.m. today in the Public
Relations Office. All members are
required to atend.
Public Relations Committee will
meet at 5 p.m. today in the Public
Relations Office. All members are
required to atend.
Public Relations Committee will
meet at 5 p.m. today in the Public
Relations Office. All members are
required to atend.
Public Relations Committee will
meet at 5 p.m. today in the Public
Relations Office. All members are
required to atend.
Public Relations Committee will
meet at 5 p.m. today in the Public
Relations Office. All members are
required to atend.
