# KZSU OPPORTUNITIES
## 
### 
All students interested in KZSU
business department should come to
the basement of Memorial Audito
rium from 4:30 to 6 p.m. any day
this week.
All students interested in KZSU
business department should come to
the basement of Memorial Audito
rium from 4:30 to 6 p.m. any day
this week.
All students interested in KZSU
business department should come to
the basement of Memorial Audito
rium from 4:30 to 6 p.m. any day
this week.
All students interested in KZSU
business department should come to
the basement of Memorial Audito
rium from 4:30 to 6 p.m. any day
this week.
All students interested in KZSU
business department should come to
the basement of Memorial Audito
rium from 4:30 to 6 p.m. any day
this week.
All students interested in KZSU
business department should come to
the basement of Memorial Audito
rium from 4:30 to 6 p.m. any day
this week.
All students interested in KZSU
business department should come to
the basement of Memorial Audito
rium from 4:30 to 6 p.m. any day
this week.
All students interested in KZSU
business department should come to
the basement of Memorial Audito
rium from 4:30 to 6 p.m. any day
this week.
All students interested in KZSU
business department should come to
the basement of Memorial Audito
rium from 4:30 to 6 p.m. any day
this week.
All students interested in KZSU
business department should come to
the basement of Memorial Audito
rium from 4:30 to 6 p.m. any day
this week.
All students interested in KZSU
business department should come to
the basement of Memorial Audito
rium from 4:30 to 6 p.m. any day
this week.
All students interested in KZSU
business department should come to
the basement of Memorial Audito
rium from 4:30 to 6 p.m. any day
this week.
All students interested in KZSU
business department should come to
the basement of Memorial Audito
rium from 4:30 to 6 p.m. any day
this week.
All students interested in KZSU
business department should come to
the basement of Memorial Audito
rium from 4:30 to 6 p.m. any day
this week.
