# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
El Capitan announces the engage
ment of Steve Horn, '53, to Nini
Moore, '53. !
El Capitan announces the engage
ment of Steve Horn, '53, to Nini
Moore, '53. !
El Capitan announces the engage
ment of Steve Horn, '53, to Nini
Moore, '53. !
El Capitan announces the engage
ment of Steve Horn, '53, to Nini
Moore, '53. !
El Capitan announces the engage
ment of Steve Horn, '53, to Nini
Moore, '53. !
El Capitan announces the engage
ment of Steve Horn, '53, to Nini
Moore, '53. !
El Capitan announces the engage
ment of Steve Horn, '53, to Nini
Moore, '53. !
El Capitan announces the engage
ment of Steve Horn, '53, to Nini
Moore, '53. !
El Capitan announces the engage
ment of Steve Horn, '53, to Nini
Moore, '53. !
El Capitan announces the engage
ment of Steve Horn, '53, to Nini
Moore, '53. !
El Capitan announces the engage
ment of Steve Horn, '53, to Nini
Moore, '53. !
El Capitan announces the engage
ment of Steve Horn, '53, to Nini
Moore, '53. !
El Capitan announces the engage
ment of Steve Horn, '53, to Nini
Moore, '53. !
El Capitan announces the engage
ment of Steve Horn, '53, to Nini
Moore, '53. !
