# Farm Skindivers To Meet Tonight
## 
### 
The Stanford Skindivers will meet
tonight in Room 268, Engineering
Corner.
According to President John Rich- |
ardson, the meeting will include a
discussion of diving conditions re
sulting from the floods in northern
California. Activities and future trips
for the quarter will also be discussed.
Quad pictures will be taken at 7:30
p.m. promptly.
The Stanford Skindivers will meet
tonight in Room 268, Engineering
Corner.
According to President John Rich- |
ardson, the meeting will include a
discussion of diving conditions re
sulting from the floods in northern
California. Activities and future trips
for the quarter will also be discussed.
Quad pictures will be taken at 7:30
p.m. promptly.
The Stanford Skindivers will meet
tonight in Room 268, Engineering
Corner.
According to President John Rich- |
ardson, the meeting will include a
discussion of diving conditions re
sulting from the floods in northern
California. Activities and future trips
for the quarter will also be discussed.
Quad pictures will be taken at 7:30
p.m. promptly.
The Stanford Skindivers will meet
tonight in Room 268, Engineering
Corner.
According to President John Rich- |
ardson, the meeting will include a
discussion of diving conditions re
sulting from the floods in northern
California. Activities and future trips
for the quarter will also be discussed.
Quad pictures will be taken at 7:30
p.m. promptly.
The Stanford Skindivers will meet
tonight in Room 268, Engineering
Corner.
According to President John Rich- |
ardson, the meeting will include a
discussion of diving conditions re
sulting from the floods in northern
California. Activities and future trips
for the quarter will also be discussed.
Quad pictures will be taken at 7:30
p.m. promptly.
The Stanford Skindivers will meet
tonight in Room 268, Engineering
Corner.
According to President John Rich- |
ardson, the meeting will include a
discussion of diving conditions re
sulting from the floods in northern
California. Activities and future trips
for the quarter will also be discussed.
Quad pictures will be taken at 7:30
p.m. promptly.
The Stanford Skindivers will meet
tonight in Room 268, Engineering
Corner.
According to President John Rich- |
ardson, the meeting will include a
discussion of diving conditions re
sulting from the floods in northern
California. Activities and future trips
for the quarter will also be discussed.
Quad pictures will be taken at 7:30
p.m. promptly.
The Stanford Skindivers will meet
tonight in Room 268, Engineering
Corner.
According to President John Rich- |
ardson, the meeting will include a
discussion of diving conditions re
sulting from the floods in northern
California. Activities and future trips
for the quarter will also be discussed.
Quad pictures will be taken at 7:30
p.m. promptly.
The Stanford Skindivers will meet
tonight in Room 268, Engineering
Corner.
According to President John Rich- |
ardson, the meeting will include a
discussion of diving conditions re
sulting from the floods in northern
California. Activities and future trips
for the quarter will also be discussed.
Quad pictures will be taken at 7:30
p.m. promptly.
The Stanford Skindivers will meet
tonight in Room 268, Engineering
Corner.
According to President John Rich- |
ardson, the meeting will include a
discussion of diving conditions re
sulting from the floods in northern
California. Activities and future trips
for the quarter will also be discussed.
Quad pictures will be taken at 7:30
p.m. promptly.
The Stanford Skindivers will meet
tonight in Room 268, Engineering
Corner.
According to President John Rich- |
ardson, the meeting will include a
discussion of diving conditions re
sulting from the floods in northern
California. Activities and future trips
for the quarter will also be discussed.
Quad pictures will be taken at 7:30
p.m. promptly.
The Stanford Skindivers will meet
tonight in Room 268, Engineering
Corner.
According to President John Rich- |
ardson, the meeting will include a
discussion of diving conditions re
sulting from the floods in northern
California. Activities and future trips
for the quarter will also be discussed.
Quad pictures will be taken at 7:30
p.m. promptly.
The Stanford Skindivers will meet
tonight in Room 268, Engineering
Corner.
According to President John Rich- |
ardson, the meeting will include a
discussion of diving conditions re
sulting from the floods in northern
California. Activities and future trips
for the quarter will also be discussed.
Quad pictures will be taken at 7:30
p.m. promptly.
The Stanford Skindivers will meet
tonight in Room 268, Engineering
Corner.
According to President John Rich- |
ardson, the meeting will include a
discussion of diving conditions re
sulting from the floods in northern
California. Activities and future trips
for the quarter will also be discussed.
Quad pictures will be taken at 7:30
p.m. promptly.
The Stanford Skindivers will meet
tonight in Room 268, Engineering
Corner.
According to President John Rich- |
ardson, the meeting will include a
discussion of diving conditions re
sulting from the floods in northern
California. Activities and future trips
for the quarter will also be discussed.
Quad pictures will be taken at 7:30
p.m. promptly.
