# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Roth House announces the entjnge
ment of Popsy Butler, *50, to Boh
Henderson, Graduate School of Busi
ness.
Roth House announces the entjnge
ment of Popsy Butler, *50, to Boh
Henderson, Graduate School of Busi
ness.
Roth House announces the entjnge
ment of Popsy Butler, *50, to Boh
Henderson, Graduate School of Busi
ness.
Roth House announces the entjnge
ment of Popsy Butler, *50, to Boh
Henderson, Graduate School of Busi
ness.
Roth House announces the entjnge
ment of Popsy Butler, *50, to Boh
Henderson, Graduate School of Busi
ness.
Roth House announces the entjnge
ment of Popsy Butler, *50, to Boh
Henderson, Graduate School of Busi
ness.
Roth House announces the entjnge
ment of Popsy Butler, *50, to Boh
Henderson, Graduate School of Busi
ness.
Roth House announces the entjnge
ment of Popsy Butler, *50, to Boh
Henderson, Graduate School of Busi
ness.
Roth House announces the entjnge
ment of Popsy Butler, *50, to Boh
Henderson, Graduate School of Busi
ness.
Roth House announces the entjnge
ment of Popsy Butler, *50, to Boh
Henderson, Graduate School of Busi
ness.
Roth House announces the entjnge
ment of Popsy Butler, *50, to Boh
Henderson, Graduate School of Busi
ness.
Roth House announces the entjnge
ment of Popsy Butler, *50, to Boh
Henderson, Graduate School of Busi
ness.
Roth House announces the entjnge
ment of Popsy Butler, *50, to Boh
Henderson, Graduate School of Busi
ness.
Roth House announces the entjnge
ment of Popsy Butler, *50, to Boh
Henderson, Graduate School of Busi
ness.
Roth House announces the entjnge
ment of Popsy Butler, *50, to Boh
Henderson, Graduate School of Busi
ness.
