# Democratic Leader Praises Ike's Delay
## 
### 
WASHINGTON â€” House Demo
cratic Leader John W. McConnack
saicl today President Eisenhower is
"pursuing the wise policy and the
sound policy" in delaying as long as
possible a second - term announce
ment.
McCormack said any premature
announcement by the President that
he will not run again would lessen
his influence with Republican Con
gressmen and touch off a party fight
"for control of the machinery of the
party and control of the next conven
tion."

Mr. Eisenhower has said several
times he has not yet made up his
mind whether to seek a second term.
He told the "Salute to Eisenhower"
dinners only last Friday that ho
woultl announce his decision "as
quickly as it is firmly fixed in my
mind."
But he gave no indication just
when his announcement could be ex
pected, although some observers
contend that the results of his de
tailed medical examination next
month would bo a factor in his deci
sion.
