# Masquers To Head Drama
## 
### 
Continuing its policy of offering
outlet to Stanford dramatists, Mas
quers, woman's honorary dramatic
society, will present a reading of
three student-written one-act plays
in the Little Theatre Thursday eve
ning.
Last quarter the Masquers inaug
urated a contest for student dra
matic writings, hoping to make it a
quarterly custom, Tom Seller's
three-act comedy, "Just One of the
Family," was adjudged the best and
given a performance by the society.
The current quarter's contest was
won by Brobury Ellis, with his play,
"Miss Gundle Goes Out"; Norman
Stines, with his play entitled
"Twelve Decide"; and James Benet,
for his play, "Bread and Honey." The
plays were chosen by a jury of Eng
lish department professors including
Margery Bailey, Elizabeth Bucking
ham, and George Hinkle.
