# Brooklyn Man's Plea To Replace Brano Received
## 
### 
TRENTON, N. J.. Eel). 25 (JP)
—Stanley Prystup of Brooklyn
wrote Governor Harold G. HofY
man today that ho would t:\kc
Bruno Richard Hauptinann's
place in the iV'ath house for
$6000.
Prystup told the governor he
had been on relief work for four
years and would substitute for
the convicted murdered if his
wile and two children were
assured of security.
BROOKLYN, N. Y., Feb. 25
(/P) —The man who offered to
die in place of Bruno Richard
Hauptmann, at a price so his
wife and children might live in
comfort, w*«pi pounding the
pavement in search of a job
today. The man is Stanley Pry
stup, 157. relief worker and
World War veteran.
Prystup's wife, Mary, was
amazed that her husband had
offered to substitute for the
convicted slayer of the Lind
bergh baby.
TRENTON, N. J.. Eel). 25 (JP)
—Stanley Prystup of Brooklyn
wrote Governor Harold G. HofY
man today that ho would t:\kc
Bruno Richard Hauptinann's
place in the iV'ath house for
$6000.
Prystup told the governor he
had been on relief work for four
years and would substitute for
the convicted murdered if his
wile and two children were
assured of security.
BROOKLYN, N. Y., Feb. 25
(/P) —The man who offered to
die in place of Bruno Richard
Hauptmann, at a price so his
wife and children might live in
comfort, w*«pi pounding the
pavement in search of a job
today. The man is Stanley Pry
stup, 157. relief worker and
World War veteran.
Prystup's wife, Mary, was
amazed that her husband had
offered to substitute for the
convicted slayer of the Lind
bergh baby.
TRENTON, N. J.. Eel). 25 (JP)
—Stanley Prystup of Brooklyn
wrote Governor Harold G. HofY
man today that ho would t:\kc
Bruno Richard Hauptinann's
place in the iV'ath house for
$6000.
Prystup told the governor he
had been on relief work for four
years and would substitute for
the convicted murdered if his
wile and two children were
assured of security.
BROOKLYN, N. Y., Feb. 25
(/P) —The man who offered to
die in place of Bruno Richard
Hauptmann, at a price so his
wife and children might live in
comfort, w*«pi pounding the
pavement in search of a job
today. The man is Stanley Pry
stup, 157. relief worker and
World War veteran.
Prystup's wife, Mary, was
amazed that her husband had
offered to substitute for the
convicted slayer of the Lind
bergh baby.
TRENTON, N. J.. Eel). 25 (JP)
—Stanley Prystup of Brooklyn
wrote Governor Harold G. HofY
man today that ho would t:\kc
Bruno Richard Hauptinann's
place in the iV'ath house for
$6000.
Prystup told the governor he
had been on relief work for four
years and would substitute for
the convicted murdered if his
wile and two children were
assured of security.
BROOKLYN, N. Y., Feb. 25
(/P) —The man who offered to
die in place of Bruno Richard
Hauptmann, at a price so his
wife and children might live in
comfort, w*«pi pounding the
pavement in search of a job
today. The man is Stanley Pry
stup, 157. relief worker and
World War veteran.
Prystup's wife, Mary, was
amazed that her husband had
offered to substitute for the
convicted slayer of the Lind
bergh baby.
TRENTON, N. J.. Eel). 25 (JP)
—Stanley Prystup of Brooklyn
wrote Governor Harold G. HofY
man today that ho would t:\kc
Bruno Richard Hauptinann's
place in the iV'ath house for
$6000.
Prystup told the governor he
had been on relief work for four
years and would substitute for
the convicted murdered if his
wile and two children were
assured of security.
BROOKLYN, N. Y., Feb. 25
(/P) —The man who offered to
die in place of Bruno Richard
Hauptmann, at a price so his
wife and children might live in
comfort, w*«pi pounding the
pavement in search of a job
today. The man is Stanley Pry
stup, 157. relief worker and
World War veteran.
Prystup's wife, Mary, was
amazed that her husband had
offered to substitute for the
convicted slayer of the Lind
bergh baby.
TRENTON, N. J.. Eel). 25 (JP)
—Stanley Prystup of Brooklyn
wrote Governor Harold G. HofY
man today that ho would t:\kc
Bruno Richard Hauptinann's
place in the iV'ath house for
$6000.
Prystup told the governor he
had been on relief work for four
years and would substitute for
the convicted murdered if his
wile and two children were
assured of security.
BROOKLYN, N. Y., Feb. 25
(/P) —The man who offered to
die in place of Bruno Richard
Hauptmann, at a price so his
wife and children might live in
comfort, w*«pi pounding the
pavement in search of a job
today. The man is Stanley Pry
stup, 157. relief worker and
World War veteran.
Prystup's wife, Mary, was
amazed that her husband had
offered to substitute for the
convicted slayer of the Lind
bergh baby.
TRENTON, N. J.. Eel). 25 (JP)
—Stanley Prystup of Brooklyn
wrote Governor Harold G. HofY
man today that ho would t:\kc
Bruno Richard Hauptinann's
place in the iV'ath house for
$6000.
Prystup told the governor he
had been on relief work for four
years and would substitute for
the convicted murdered if his
wile and two children were
assured of security.
BROOKLYN, N. Y., Feb. 25
(/P) —The man who offered to
die in place of Bruno Richard
Hauptmann, at a price so his
wife and children might live in
comfort, w*«pi pounding the
pavement in search of a job
today. The man is Stanley Pry
stup, 157. relief worker and
World War veteran.
Prystup's wife, Mary, was
amazed that her husband had
offered to substitute for the
convicted slayer of the Lind
bergh baby.
TRENTON, N. J.. Eel). 25 (JP)
—Stanley Prystup of Brooklyn
wrote Governor Harold G. HofY
man today that ho would t:\kc
Bruno Richard Hauptinann's
place in the iV'ath house for
$6000.
Prystup told the governor he
had been on relief work for four
years and would substitute for
the convicted murdered if his
wile and two children were
assured of security.
BROOKLYN, N. Y., Feb. 25
(/P) —The man who offered to
die in place of Bruno Richard
Hauptmann, at a price so his
wife and children might live in
comfort, w*«pi pounding the
pavement in search of a job
today. The man is Stanley Pry
stup, 157. relief worker and
World War veteran.
Prystup's wife, Mary, was
amazed that her husband had
offered to substitute for the
convicted slayer of the Lind
bergh baby.
TRENTON, N. J.. Eel). 25 (JP)
—Stanley Prystup of Brooklyn
wrote Governor Harold G. HofY
man today that ho would t:\kc
Bruno Richard Hauptinann's
place in the iV'ath house for
$6000.
Prystup told the governor he
had been on relief work for four
years and would substitute for
the convicted murdered if his
wile and two children were
assured of security.
BROOKLYN, N. Y., Feb. 25
(/P) —The man who offered to
die in place of Bruno Richard
Hauptmann, at a price so his
wife and children might live in
comfort, w*«pi pounding the
pavement in search of a job
today. The man is Stanley Pry
stup, 157. relief worker and
World War veteran.
Prystup's wife, Mary, was
amazed that her husband had
offered to substitute for the
convicted slayer of the Lind
bergh baby.
TRENTON, N. J.. Eel). 25 (JP)
—Stanley Prystup of Brooklyn
wrote Governor Harold G. HofY
man today that ho would t:\kc
Bruno Richard Hauptinann's
place in the iV'ath house for
$6000.
Prystup told the governor he
had been on relief work for four
years and would substitute for
the convicted murdered if his
wile and two children were
assured of security.
BROOKLYN, N. Y., Feb. 25
(/P) —The man who offered to
die in place of Bruno Richard
Hauptmann, at a price so his
wife and children might live in
comfort, w*«pi pounding the
pavement in search of a job
today. The man is Stanley Pry
stup, 157. relief worker and
World War veteran.
Prystup's wife, Mary, was
amazed that her husband had
offered to substitute for the
convicted slayer of the Lind
bergh baby.
TRENTON, N. J.. Eel). 25 (JP)
—Stanley Prystup of Brooklyn
wrote Governor Harold G. HofY
man today that ho would t:\kc
Bruno Richard Hauptinann's
place in the iV'ath house for
$6000.
Prystup told the governor he
had been on relief work for four
years and would substitute for
the convicted murdered if his
wile and two children were
assured of security.
BROOKLYN, N. Y., Feb. 25
(/P) —The man who offered to
die in place of Bruno Richard
Hauptmann, at a price so his
wife and children might live in
comfort, w*«pi pounding the
pavement in search of a job
today. The man is Stanley Pry
stup, 157. relief worker and
World War veteran.
Prystup's wife, Mary, was
amazed that her husband had
offered to substitute for the
convicted slayer of the Lind
bergh baby.
TRENTON, N. J.. Eel). 25 (JP)
—Stanley Prystup of Brooklyn
wrote Governor Harold G. HofY
man today that ho would t:\kc
Bruno Richard Hauptinann's
place in the iV'ath house for
$6000.
Prystup told the governor he
had been on relief work for four
years and would substitute for
the convicted murdered if his
wile and two children were
assured of security.
BROOKLYN, N. Y., Feb. 25
(/P) —The man who offered to
die in place of Bruno Richard
Hauptmann, at a price so his
wife and children might live in
comfort, w*«pi pounding the
pavement in search of a job
today. The man is Stanley Pry
stup, 157. relief worker and
World War veteran.
Prystup's wife, Mary, was
amazed that her husband had
offered to substitute for the
convicted slayer of the Lind
bergh baby.
TRENTON, N. J.. Eel). 25 (JP)
—Stanley Prystup of Brooklyn
wrote Governor Harold G. HofY
man today that ho would t:\kc
Bruno Richard Hauptinann's
place in the iV'ath house for
$6000.
Prystup told the governor he
had been on relief work for four
years and would substitute for
the convicted murdered if his
wile and two children were
assured of security.
BROOKLYN, N. Y., Feb. 25
(/P) —The man who offered to
die in place of Bruno Richard
Hauptmann, at a price so his
wife and children might live in
comfort, w*«pi pounding the
pavement in search of a job
today. The man is Stanley Pry
stup, 157. relief worker and
World War veteran.
Prystup's wife, Mary, was
amazed that her husband had
offered to substitute for the
convicted slayer of the Lind
bergh baby.
TRENTON, N. J.. Eel). 25 (JP)
—Stanley Prystup of Brooklyn
wrote Governor Harold G. HofY
man today that ho would t:\kc
Bruno Richard Hauptinann's
place in the iV'ath house for
$6000.
Prystup told the governor he
had been on relief work for four
years and would substitute for
the convicted murdered if his
wile and two children were
assured of security.
BROOKLYN, N. Y., Feb. 25
(/P) —The man who offered to
die in place of Bruno Richard
Hauptmann, at a price so his
wife and children might live in
comfort, w*«pi pounding the
pavement in search of a job
today. The man is Stanley Pry
stup, 157. relief worker and
World War veteran.
Prystup's wife, Mary, was
amazed that her husband had
offered to substitute for the
convicted slayer of the Lind
bergh baby.
TRENTON, N. J.. Eel). 25 (JP)
—Stanley Prystup of Brooklyn
wrote Governor Harold G. HofY
man today that ho would t:\kc
Bruno Richard Hauptinann's
place in the iV'ath house for
$6000.
Prystup told the governor he
had been on relief work for four
years and would substitute for
the convicted murdered if his
wile and two children were
assured of security.
BROOKLYN, N. Y., Feb. 25
(/P) —The man who offered to
die in place of Bruno Richard
Hauptmann, at a price so his
wife and children might live in
comfort, w*«pi pounding the
pavement in search of a job
today. The man is Stanley Pry
stup, 157. relief worker and
World War veteran.
Prystup's wife, Mary, was
amazed that her husband had
offered to substitute for the
convicted slayer of the Lind
bergh baby.
