# YOUNGER GENERATION CARRIES ON
## 
### 




Father may be famous —his name may glitter in the bright lights
along Broadway or his face may provide laughs for millions of movie
fans —but daughter isn't doing so badly either. Several daughters of
famous fathers and notable mothers of the stage and screen are reach
ing toward stardom of their own right—for example, Carol (above,
left) and Dorothy (lower left), daughters of Fred Stone; Ethel Barry
more Colt (above, right), daughter of Ethel Barrymore; and Mary
Rogers (lower, right), daughter of the inimitable Will. (Associated
Press Photos)




Father may be famous —his name may glitter in the bright lights
along Broadway or his face may provide laughs for millions of movie
fans —but daughter isn't doing so badly either. Several daughters of
famous fathers and notable mothers of the stage and screen are reach
ing toward stardom of their own right—for example, Carol (above,
left) and Dorothy (lower left), daughters of Fred Stone; Ethel Barry
more Colt (above, right), daughter of Ethel Barrymore; and Mary
Rogers (lower, right), daughter of the inimitable Will. (Associated
Press Photos)




Father may be famous —his name may glitter in the bright lights
along Broadway or his face may provide laughs for millions of movie
fans —but daughter isn't doing so badly either. Several daughters of
famous fathers and notable mothers of the stage and screen are reach
ing toward stardom of their own right—for example, Carol (above,
left) and Dorothy (lower left), daughters of Fred Stone; Ethel Barry
more Colt (above, right), daughter of Ethel Barrymore; and Mary
Rogers (lower, right), daughter of the inimitable Will. (Associated
Press Photos)




Father may be famous —his name may glitter in the bright lights
along Broadway or his face may provide laughs for millions of movie
fans —but daughter isn't doing so badly either. Several daughters of
famous fathers and notable mothers of the stage and screen are reach
ing toward stardom of their own right—for example, Carol (above,
left) and Dorothy (lower left), daughters of Fred Stone; Ethel Barry
more Colt (above, right), daughter of Ethel Barrymore; and Mary
Rogers (lower, right), daughter of the inimitable Will. (Associated
Press Photos)




Father may be famous —his name may glitter in the bright lights
along Broadway or his face may provide laughs for millions of movie
fans —but daughter isn't doing so badly either. Several daughters of
famous fathers and notable mothers of the stage and screen are reach
ing toward stardom of their own right—for example, Carol (above,
left) and Dorothy (lower left), daughters of Fred Stone; Ethel Barry
more Colt (above, right), daughter of Ethel Barrymore; and Mary
Rogers (lower, right), daughter of the inimitable Will. (Associated
Press Photos)




Father may be famous —his name may glitter in the bright lights
along Broadway or his face may provide laughs for millions of movie
fans —but daughter isn't doing so badly either. Several daughters of
famous fathers and notable mothers of the stage and screen are reach
ing toward stardom of their own right—for example, Carol (above,
left) and Dorothy (lower left), daughters of Fred Stone; Ethel Barry
more Colt (above, right), daughter of Ethel Barrymore; and Mary
Rogers (lower, right), daughter of the inimitable Will. (Associated
Press Photos)




Father may be famous —his name may glitter in the bright lights
along Broadway or his face may provide laughs for millions of movie
fans —but daughter isn't doing so badly either. Several daughters of
famous fathers and notable mothers of the stage and screen are reach
ing toward stardom of their own right—for example, Carol (above,
left) and Dorothy (lower left), daughters of Fred Stone; Ethel Barry
more Colt (above, right), daughter of Ethel Barrymore; and Mary
Rogers (lower, right), daughter of the inimitable Will. (Associated
Press Photos)




Father may be famous —his name may glitter in the bright lights
along Broadway or his face may provide laughs for millions of movie
fans —but daughter isn't doing so badly either. Several daughters of
famous fathers and notable mothers of the stage and screen are reach
ing toward stardom of their own right—for example, Carol (above,
left) and Dorothy (lower left), daughters of Fred Stone; Ethel Barry
more Colt (above, right), daughter of Ethel Barrymore; and Mary
Rogers (lower, right), daughter of the inimitable Will. (Associated
Press Photos)




Father may be famous —his name may glitter in the bright lights
along Broadway or his face may provide laughs for millions of movie
fans —but daughter isn't doing so badly either. Several daughters of
famous fathers and notable mothers of the stage and screen are reach
ing toward stardom of their own right—for example, Carol (above,
left) and Dorothy (lower left), daughters of Fred Stone; Ethel Barry
more Colt (above, right), daughter of Ethel Barrymore; and Mary
Rogers (lower, right), daughter of the inimitable Will. (Associated
Press Photos)




Father may be famous —his name may glitter in the bright lights
along Broadway or his face may provide laughs for millions of movie
fans —but daughter isn't doing so badly either. Several daughters of
famous fathers and notable mothers of the stage and screen are reach
ing toward stardom of their own right—for example, Carol (above,
left) and Dorothy (lower left), daughters of Fred Stone; Ethel Barry
more Colt (above, right), daughter of Ethel Barrymore; and Mary
Rogers (lower, right), daughter of the inimitable Will. (Associated
Press Photos)




Father may be famous —his name may glitter in the bright lights
along Broadway or his face may provide laughs for millions of movie
fans —but daughter isn't doing so badly either. Several daughters of
famous fathers and notable mothers of the stage and screen are reach
ing toward stardom of their own right—for example, Carol (above,
left) and Dorothy (lower left), daughters of Fred Stone; Ethel Barry
more Colt (above, right), daughter of Ethel Barrymore; and Mary
Rogers (lower, right), daughter of the inimitable Will. (Associated
Press Photos)




Father may be famous —his name may glitter in the bright lights
along Broadway or his face may provide laughs for millions of movie
fans —but daughter isn't doing so badly either. Several daughters of
famous fathers and notable mothers of the stage and screen are reach
ing toward stardom of their own right—for example, Carol (above,
left) and Dorothy (lower left), daughters of Fred Stone; Ethel Barry
more Colt (above, right), daughter of Ethel Barrymore; and Mary
Rogers (lower, right), daughter of the inimitable Will. (Associated
Press Photos)




Father may be famous —his name may glitter in the bright lights
along Broadway or his face may provide laughs for millions of movie
fans —but daughter isn't doing so badly either. Several daughters of
famous fathers and notable mothers of the stage and screen are reach
ing toward stardom of their own right—for example, Carol (above,
left) and Dorothy (lower left), daughters of Fred Stone; Ethel Barry
more Colt (above, right), daughter of Ethel Barrymore; and Mary
Rogers (lower, right), daughter of the inimitable Will. (Associated
Press Photos)




Father may be famous —his name may glitter in the bright lights
along Broadway or his face may provide laughs for millions of movie
fans —but daughter isn't doing so badly either. Several daughters of
famous fathers and notable mothers of the stage and screen are reach
ing toward stardom of their own right—for example, Carol (above,
left) and Dorothy (lower left), daughters of Fred Stone; Ethel Barry
more Colt (above, right), daughter of Ethel Barrymore; and Mary
Rogers (lower, right), daughter of the inimitable Will. (Associated
Press Photos)




Father may be famous —his name may glitter in the bright lights
along Broadway or his face may provide laughs for millions of movie
fans —but daughter isn't doing so badly either. Several daughters of
famous fathers and notable mothers of the stage and screen are reach
ing toward stardom of their own right—for example, Carol (above,
left) and Dorothy (lower left), daughters of Fred Stone; Ethel Barry
more Colt (above, right), daughter of Ethel Barrymore; and Mary
Rogers (lower, right), daughter of the inimitable Will. (Associated
Press Photos)
