# 25 YEARS
## 
### 

Phil Kennamer, son of a federal
judge, was convicted of man
slaughter in Pawnee, Okla., for
the fatal shooting of John Gorrell
in Tulsa. lie faces a sentence of
25 years. (Associated Press photo.)

Phil Kennamer, son of a federal
judge, was convicted of man
slaughter in Pawnee, Okla., for
the fatal shooting of John Gorrell
in Tulsa. lie faces a sentence of
25 years. (Associated Press photo.)

Phil Kennamer, son of a federal
judge, was convicted of man
slaughter in Pawnee, Okla., for
the fatal shooting of John Gorrell
in Tulsa. lie faces a sentence of
25 years. (Associated Press photo.)

Phil Kennamer, son of a federal
judge, was convicted of man
slaughter in Pawnee, Okla., for
the fatal shooting of John Gorrell
in Tulsa. lie faces a sentence of
25 years. (Associated Press photo.)

Phil Kennamer, son of a federal
judge, was convicted of man
slaughter in Pawnee, Okla., for
the fatal shooting of John Gorrell
in Tulsa. lie faces a sentence of
25 years. (Associated Press photo.)

Phil Kennamer, son of a federal
judge, was convicted of man
slaughter in Pawnee, Okla., for
the fatal shooting of John Gorrell
in Tulsa. lie faces a sentence of
25 years. (Associated Press photo.)

Phil Kennamer, son of a federal
judge, was convicted of man
slaughter in Pawnee, Okla., for
the fatal shooting of John Gorrell
in Tulsa. lie faces a sentence of
25 years. (Associated Press photo.)

Phil Kennamer, son of a federal
judge, was convicted of man
slaughter in Pawnee, Okla., for
the fatal shooting of John Gorrell
in Tulsa. lie faces a sentence of
25 years. (Associated Press photo.)

Phil Kennamer, son of a federal
judge, was convicted of man
slaughter in Pawnee, Okla., for
the fatal shooting of John Gorrell
in Tulsa. lie faces a sentence of
25 years. (Associated Press photo.)

Phil Kennamer, son of a federal
judge, was convicted of man
slaughter in Pawnee, Okla., for
the fatal shooting of John Gorrell
in Tulsa. lie faces a sentence of
25 years. (Associated Press photo.)

Phil Kennamer, son of a federal
judge, was convicted of man
slaughter in Pawnee, Okla., for
the fatal shooting of John Gorrell
in Tulsa. lie faces a sentence of
25 years. (Associated Press photo.)

Phil Kennamer, son of a federal
judge, was convicted of man
slaughter in Pawnee, Okla., for
the fatal shooting of John Gorrell
in Tulsa. lie faces a sentence of
25 years. (Associated Press photo.)

Phil Kennamer, son of a federal
judge, was convicted of man
slaughter in Pawnee, Okla., for
the fatal shooting of John Gorrell
in Tulsa. lie faces a sentence of
25 years. (Associated Press photo.)

Phil Kennamer, son of a federal
judge, was convicted of man
slaughter in Pawnee, Okla., for
the fatal shooting of John Gorrell
in Tulsa. lie faces a sentence of
25 years. (Associated Press photo.)

Phil Kennamer, son of a federal
judge, was convicted of man
slaughter in Pawnee, Okla., for
the fatal shooting of John Gorrell
in Tulsa. lie faces a sentence of
25 years. (Associated Press photo.)
