# YEARBOOK AFFORDS FIELD FOR WRITING
## 
### 
Average student writers have an
unusually good chance of having
their work accepted for the Year
book oi Stanford Writing this year,
according to staff members of that
publication. In former years the
large number of manuscripts offered
by students in advanced writing
courses has made competition keen.
This winter these courses, with the
exception of one in play-writing,
were not given with the result that
there will be greater opportunity
for the average student.
Papers need not be on literary
subjects, although they will be
judged partly on literary workman
ship. Contributions should be
dropped in the English Club box at
ihe door of the English department
office as soon as possible.
