# Junipero Serra Club Holds Meeting Next Week
## 
### 
There will be a meeting of the Juni
pero Serra Club next Tuesday night at
7.30 in the Trophy room of the Wo
men's Clubhouse, according to Clark
Cypher, president of the organization.
There will be a meeting of the Juni
pero Serra Club next Tuesday night at
7.30 in the Trophy room of the Wo
men's Clubhouse, according to Clark
Cypher, president of the organization.
There will be a meeting of the Juni
pero Serra Club next Tuesday night at
7.30 in the Trophy room of the Wo
men's Clubhouse, according to Clark
Cypher, president of the organization.
There will be a meeting of the Juni
pero Serra Club next Tuesday night at
7.30 in the Trophy room of the Wo
men's Clubhouse, according to Clark
Cypher, president of the organization.
There will be a meeting of the Juni
pero Serra Club next Tuesday night at
7.30 in the Trophy room of the Wo
men's Clubhouse, according to Clark
Cypher, president of the organization.
There will be a meeting of the Juni
pero Serra Club next Tuesday night at
7.30 in the Trophy room of the Wo
men's Clubhouse, according to Clark
Cypher, president of the organization.
There will be a meeting of the Juni
pero Serra Club next Tuesday night at
7.30 in the Trophy room of the Wo
men's Clubhouse, according to Clark
Cypher, president of the organization.
There will be a meeting of the Juni
pero Serra Club next Tuesday night at
7.30 in the Trophy room of the Wo
men's Clubhouse, according to Clark
Cypher, president of the organization.
There will be a meeting of the Juni
pero Serra Club next Tuesday night at
7.30 in the Trophy room of the Wo
men's Clubhouse, according to Clark
Cypher, president of the organization.
There will be a meeting of the Juni
pero Serra Club next Tuesday night at
7.30 in the Trophy room of the Wo
men's Clubhouse, according to Clark
Cypher, president of the organization.
There will be a meeting of the Juni
pero Serra Club next Tuesday night at
7.30 in the Trophy room of the Wo
men's Clubhouse, according to Clark
Cypher, president of the organization.
There will be a meeting of the Juni
pero Serra Club next Tuesday night at
7.30 in the Trophy room of the Wo
men's Clubhouse, according to Clark
Cypher, president of the organization.
There will be a meeting of the Juni
pero Serra Club next Tuesday night at
7.30 in the Trophy room of the Wo
men's Clubhouse, according to Clark
Cypher, president of the organization.
There will be a meeting of the Juni
pero Serra Club next Tuesday night at
7.30 in the Trophy room of the Wo
men's Clubhouse, according to Clark
Cypher, president of the organization.
There will be a meeting of the Juni
pero Serra Club next Tuesday night at
7.30 in the Trophy room of the Wo
men's Clubhouse, according to Clark
Cypher, president of the organization.
There will be a meeting of the Juni
pero Serra Club next Tuesday night at
7.30 in the Trophy room of the Wo
men's Clubhouse, according to Clark
Cypher, president of the organization.
