# Robinson receives Wooden Award
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES (AP) - Navy cen
ter David Robinson was a
runaway winner of the 11th an
nual John R. Wooden Award, pre
sented annually to the nation's
top college basketball student
athlete. it was announced yester
day.
The 7-foot-1 Robinson, who
averaged 28.2 points and 11.8
rebounds as well as an NCAA
leading 4.5 blocked shots per
game, collected 1.166 points in
voting by sportswriters and
sportscasters throughout the
country.
Steve Alford, who scored 23
points to lead Indiana past
Syracuse 74-73 in the NCAA
championship game earlier this
week, finished second with 645
points, followed by Reggie Wil
liams of Georgetown with 43 1
points, Kenny Smith of North
Carolina with 229 points and
Dennis Hopson of Ohio State with
140 points.
LOS ANGELES (AP) - Navy cen
ter David Robinson was a
runaway winner of the 11th an
nual John R. Wooden Award, pre
sented annually to the nation's
top college basketball student
athlete. it was announced yester
day.
The 7-foot-1 Robinson, who
averaged 28.2 points and 11.8
rebounds as well as an NCAA
leading 4.5 blocked shots per
game, collected 1.166 points in
voting by sportswriters and
sportscasters throughout the
country.
Steve Alford, who scored 23
points to lead Indiana past
Syracuse 74-73 in the NCAA
championship game earlier this
week, finished second with 645
points, followed by Reggie Wil
liams of Georgetown with 43 1
points, Kenny Smith of North
Carolina with 229 points and
Dennis Hopson of Ohio State with
140 points.
LOS ANGELES (AP) - Navy cen
ter David Robinson was a
runaway winner of the 11th an
nual John R. Wooden Award, pre
sented annually to the nation's
top college basketball student
athlete. it was announced yester
day.
The 7-foot-1 Robinson, who
averaged 28.2 points and 11.8
rebounds as well as an NCAA
leading 4.5 blocked shots per
game, collected 1.166 points in
voting by sportswriters and
sportscasters throughout the
country.
Steve Alford, who scored 23
points to lead Indiana past
Syracuse 74-73 in the NCAA
championship game earlier this
week, finished second with 645
points, followed by Reggie Wil
liams of Georgetown with 43 1
points, Kenny Smith of North
Carolina with 229 points and
Dennis Hopson of Ohio State with
140 points.
LOS ANGELES (AP) - Navy cen
ter David Robinson was a
runaway winner of the 11th an
nual John R. Wooden Award, pre
sented annually to the nation's
top college basketball student
athlete. it was announced yester
day.
The 7-foot-1 Robinson, who
averaged 28.2 points and 11.8
rebounds as well as an NCAA
leading 4.5 blocked shots per
game, collected 1.166 points in
voting by sportswriters and
sportscasters throughout the
country.
Steve Alford, who scored 23
points to lead Indiana past
Syracuse 74-73 in the NCAA
championship game earlier this
week, finished second with 645
points, followed by Reggie Wil
liams of Georgetown with 43 1
points, Kenny Smith of North
Carolina with 229 points and
Dennis Hopson of Ohio State with
140 points.
LOS ANGELES (AP) - Navy cen
ter David Robinson was a
runaway winner of the 11th an
nual John R. Wooden Award, pre
sented annually to the nation's
top college basketball student
athlete. it was announced yester
day.
The 7-foot-1 Robinson, who
averaged 28.2 points and 11.8
rebounds as well as an NCAA
leading 4.5 blocked shots per
game, collected 1.166 points in
voting by sportswriters and
sportscasters throughout the
country.
Steve Alford, who scored 23
points to lead Indiana past
Syracuse 74-73 in the NCAA
championship game earlier this
week, finished second with 645
points, followed by Reggie Wil
liams of Georgetown with 43 1
points, Kenny Smith of North
Carolina with 229 points and
Dennis Hopson of Ohio State with
140 points.
LOS ANGELES (AP) - Navy cen
ter David Robinson was a
runaway winner of the 11th an
nual John R. Wooden Award, pre
sented annually to the nation's
top college basketball student
athlete. it was announced yester
day.
The 7-foot-1 Robinson, who
averaged 28.2 points and 11.8
rebounds as well as an NCAA
leading 4.5 blocked shots per
game, collected 1.166 points in
voting by sportswriters and
sportscasters throughout the
country.
Steve Alford, who scored 23
points to lead Indiana past
Syracuse 74-73 in the NCAA
championship game earlier this
week, finished second with 645
points, followed by Reggie Wil
liams of Georgetown with 43 1
points, Kenny Smith of North
Carolina with 229 points and
Dennis Hopson of Ohio State with
140 points.
LOS ANGELES (AP) - Navy cen
ter David Robinson was a
runaway winner of the 11th an
nual John R. Wooden Award, pre
sented annually to the nation's
top college basketball student
athlete. it was announced yester
day.
The 7-foot-1 Robinson, who
averaged 28.2 points and 11.8
rebounds as well as an NCAA
leading 4.5 blocked shots per
game, collected 1.166 points in
voting by sportswriters and
sportscasters throughout the
country.
Steve Alford, who scored 23
points to lead Indiana past
Syracuse 74-73 in the NCAA
championship game earlier this
week, finished second with 645
points, followed by Reggie Wil
liams of Georgetown with 43 1
points, Kenny Smith of North
Carolina with 229 points and
Dennis Hopson of Ohio State with
140 points.
