# WARNER AWARD TO BE ON DISPLAY AT CAMPUS BOOKSTORE
## 
### 
The Glenn "Pop" Warner
award, a $250 gold watch given
each year to the football player
who in his senior year has been
outstanding in character and ath
letic merit, will be on display
tomorrow at the Bookstore, ac
cording to J. E. McDowell,
alumni secretary.
Honoring Stanford's football
mentor, the award is given each
year from a fund established by
an anonymous alumnus. A com
mittee composed of W. B. Owens,
'15, professor of law and faculty
athletic representative; "Dink"
Templeton, track coach; and J.
E. McDowell, alumni secretary,
will choose the man to whom the
award will be given after the
Army game.
A silver placque, on which the
name of each year's winner ap
pears, will also be on display.
Bob Sims, varsity half, won the
watch last year.
The Glenn "Pop" Warner
award, a $250 gold watch given
each year to the football player
who in his senior year has been
outstanding in character and ath
letic merit, will be on display
tomorrow at the Bookstore, ac
cording to J. E. McDowell,
alumni secretary.
Honoring Stanford's football
mentor, the award is given each
year from a fund established by
an anonymous alumnus. A com
mittee composed of W. B. Owens,
'15, professor of law and faculty
athletic representative; "Dink"
Templeton, track coach; and J.
E. McDowell, alumni secretary,
will choose the man to whom the
award will be given after the
Army game.
A silver placque, on which the
name of each year's winner ap
pears, will also be on display.
Bob Sims, varsity half, won the
watch last year.
The Glenn "Pop" Warner
award, a $250 gold watch given
each year to the football player
who in his senior year has been
outstanding in character and ath
letic merit, will be on display
tomorrow at the Bookstore, ac
cording to J. E. McDowell,
alumni secretary.
Honoring Stanford's football
mentor, the award is given each
year from a fund established by
an anonymous alumnus. A com
mittee composed of W. B. Owens,
'15, professor of law and faculty
athletic representative; "Dink"
Templeton, track coach; and J.
E. McDowell, alumni secretary,
will choose the man to whom the
award will be given after the
Army game.
A silver placque, on which the
name of each year's winner ap
pears, will also be on display.
Bob Sims, varsity half, won the
watch last year.
The Glenn "Pop" Warner
award, a $250 gold watch given
each year to the football player
who in his senior year has been
outstanding in character and ath
letic merit, will be on display
tomorrow at the Bookstore, ac
cording to J. E. McDowell,
alumni secretary.
Honoring Stanford's football
mentor, the award is given each
year from a fund established by
an anonymous alumnus. A com
mittee composed of W. B. Owens,
'15, professor of law and faculty
athletic representative; "Dink"
Templeton, track coach; and J.
E. McDowell, alumni secretary,
will choose the man to whom the
award will be given after the
Army game.
A silver placque, on which the
name of each year's winner ap
pears, will also be on display.
Bob Sims, varsity half, won the
watch last year.
The Glenn "Pop" Warner
award, a $250 gold watch given
each year to the football player
who in his senior year has been
outstanding in character and ath
letic merit, will be on display
tomorrow at the Bookstore, ac
cording to J. E. McDowell,
alumni secretary.
Honoring Stanford's football
mentor, the award is given each
year from a fund established by
an anonymous alumnus. A com
mittee composed of W. B. Owens,
'15, professor of law and faculty
athletic representative; "Dink"
Templeton, track coach; and J.
E. McDowell, alumni secretary,
will choose the man to whom the
award will be given after the
Army game.
A silver placque, on which the
name of each year's winner ap
pears, will also be on display.
Bob Sims, varsity half, won the
watch last year.
The Glenn "Pop" Warner
award, a $250 gold watch given
each year to the football player
who in his senior year has been
outstanding in character and ath
letic merit, will be on display
tomorrow at the Bookstore, ac
cording to J. E. McDowell,
alumni secretary.
Honoring Stanford's football
mentor, the award is given each
year from a fund established by
an anonymous alumnus. A com
mittee composed of W. B. Owens,
'15, professor of law and faculty
athletic representative; "Dink"
Templeton, track coach; and J.
E. McDowell, alumni secretary,
will choose the man to whom the
award will be given after the
Army game.
A silver placque, on which the
name of each year's winner ap
pears, will also be on display.
Bob Sims, varsity half, won the
watch last year.
The Glenn "Pop" Warner
award, a $250 gold watch given
each year to the football player
who in his senior year has been
outstanding in character and ath
letic merit, will be on display
tomorrow at the Bookstore, ac
cording to J. E. McDowell,
alumni secretary.
Honoring Stanford's football
mentor, the award is given each
year from a fund established by
an anonymous alumnus. A com
mittee composed of W. B. Owens,
'15, professor of law and faculty
athletic representative; "Dink"
Templeton, track coach; and J.
E. McDowell, alumni secretary,
will choose the man to whom the
award will be given after the
Army game.
A silver placque, on which the
name of each year's winner ap
pears, will also be on display.
Bob Sims, varsity half, won the
watch last year.
The Glenn "Pop" Warner
award, a $250 gold watch given
each year to the football player
who in his senior year has been
outstanding in character and ath
letic merit, will be on display
tomorrow at the Bookstore, ac
cording to J. E. McDowell,
alumni secretary.
Honoring Stanford's football
mentor, the award is given each
year from a fund established by
an anonymous alumnus. A com
mittee composed of W. B. Owens,
'15, professor of law and faculty
athletic representative; "Dink"
Templeton, track coach; and J.
E. McDowell, alumni secretary,
will choose the man to whom the
award will be given after the
Army game.
A silver placque, on which the
name of each year's winner ap
pears, will also be on display.
Bob Sims, varsity half, won the
watch last year.
The Glenn "Pop" Warner
award, a $250 gold watch given
each year to the football player
who in his senior year has been
outstanding in character and ath
letic merit, will be on display
tomorrow at the Bookstore, ac
cording to J. E. McDowell,
alumni secretary.
Honoring Stanford's football
mentor, the award is given each
year from a fund established by
an anonymous alumnus. A com
mittee composed of W. B. Owens,
'15, professor of law and faculty
athletic representative; "Dink"
Templeton, track coach; and J.
E. McDowell, alumni secretary,
will choose the man to whom the
award will be given after the
Army game.
A silver placque, on which the
name of each year's winner ap
pears, will also be on display.
Bob Sims, varsity half, won the
watch last year.
The Glenn "Pop" Warner
award, a $250 gold watch given
each year to the football player
who in his senior year has been
outstanding in character and ath
letic merit, will be on display
tomorrow at the Bookstore, ac
cording to J. E. McDowell,
alumni secretary.
Honoring Stanford's football
mentor, the award is given each
year from a fund established by
an anonymous alumnus. A com
mittee composed of W. B. Owens,
'15, professor of law and faculty
athletic representative; "Dink"
Templeton, track coach; and J.
E. McDowell, alumni secretary,
will choose the man to whom the
award will be given after the
Army game.
A silver placque, on which the
name of each year's winner ap
pears, will also be on display.
Bob Sims, varsity half, won the
watch last year.
The Glenn "Pop" Warner
award, a $250 gold watch given
each year to the football player
who in his senior year has been
outstanding in character and ath
letic merit, will be on display
tomorrow at the Bookstore, ac
cording to J. E. McDowell,
alumni secretary.
Honoring Stanford's football
mentor, the award is given each
year from a fund established by
an anonymous alumnus. A com
mittee composed of W. B. Owens,
'15, professor of law and faculty
athletic representative; "Dink"
Templeton, track coach; and J.
E. McDowell, alumni secretary,
will choose the man to whom the
award will be given after the
Army game.
A silver placque, on which the
name of each year's winner ap
pears, will also be on display.
Bob Sims, varsity half, won the
watch last year.
The Glenn "Pop" Warner
award, a $250 gold watch given
each year to the football player
who in his senior year has been
outstanding in character and ath
letic merit, will be on display
tomorrow at the Bookstore, ac
cording to J. E. McDowell,
alumni secretary.
Honoring Stanford's football
mentor, the award is given each
year from a fund established by
an anonymous alumnus. A com
mittee composed of W. B. Owens,
'15, professor of law and faculty
athletic representative; "Dink"
Templeton, track coach; and J.
E. McDowell, alumni secretary,
will choose the man to whom the
award will be given after the
Army game.
A silver placque, on which the
name of each year's winner ap
pears, will also be on display.
Bob Sims, varsity half, won the
watch last year.
The Glenn "Pop" Warner
award, a $250 gold watch given
each year to the football player
who in his senior year has been
outstanding in character and ath
letic merit, will be on display
tomorrow at the Bookstore, ac
cording to J. E. McDowell,
alumni secretary.
Honoring Stanford's football
mentor, the award is given each
year from a fund established by
an anonymous alumnus. A com
mittee composed of W. B. Owens,
'15, professor of law and faculty
athletic representative; "Dink"
Templeton, track coach; and J.
E. McDowell, alumni secretary,
will choose the man to whom the
award will be given after the
Army game.
A silver placque, on which the
name of each year's winner ap
pears, will also be on display.
Bob Sims, varsity half, won the
watch last year.
The Glenn "Pop" Warner
award, a $250 gold watch given
each year to the football player
who in his senior year has been
outstanding in character and ath
letic merit, will be on display
tomorrow at the Bookstore, ac
cording to J. E. McDowell,
alumni secretary.
Honoring Stanford's football
mentor, the award is given each
year from a fund established by
an anonymous alumnus. A com
mittee composed of W. B. Owens,
'15, professor of law and faculty
athletic representative; "Dink"
Templeton, track coach; and J.
E. McDowell, alumni secretary,
will choose the man to whom the
award will be given after the
Army game.
A silver placque, on which the
name of each year's winner ap
pears, will also be on display.
Bob Sims, varsity half, won the
watch last year.
The Glenn "Pop" Warner
award, a $250 gold watch given
each year to the football player
who in his senior year has been
outstanding in character and ath
letic merit, will be on display
tomorrow at the Bookstore, ac
cording to J. E. McDowell,
alumni secretary.
Honoring Stanford's football
mentor, the award is given each
year from a fund established by
an anonymous alumnus. A com
mittee composed of W. B. Owens,
'15, professor of law and faculty
athletic representative; "Dink"
Templeton, track coach; and J.
E. McDowell, alumni secretary,
will choose the man to whom the
award will be given after the
Army game.
A silver placque, on which the
name of each year's winner ap
pears, will also be on display.
Bob Sims, varsity half, won the
watch last year.
The Glenn "Pop" Warner
award, a $250 gold watch given
each year to the football player
who in his senior year has been
outstanding in character and ath
letic merit, will be on display
tomorrow at the Bookstore, ac
cording to J. E. McDowell,
alumni secretary.
Honoring Stanford's football
mentor, the award is given each
year from a fund established by
an anonymous alumnus. A com
mittee composed of W. B. Owens,
'15, professor of law and faculty
athletic representative; "Dink"
Templeton, track coach; and J.
E. McDowell, alumni secretary,
will choose the man to whom the
award will be given after the
Army game.
A silver placque, on which the
name of each year's winner ap
pears, will also be on display.
Bob Sims, varsity half, won the
watch last year.
The Glenn "Pop" Warner
award, a $250 gold watch given
each year to the football player
who in his senior year has been
outstanding in character and ath
letic merit, will be on display
tomorrow at the Bookstore, ac
cording to J. E. McDowell,
alumni secretary.
Honoring Stanford's football
mentor, the award is given each
year from a fund established by
an anonymous alumnus. A com
mittee composed of W. B. Owens,
'15, professor of law and faculty
athletic representative; "Dink"
Templeton, track coach; and J.
E. McDowell, alumni secretary,
will choose the man to whom the
award will be given after the
Army game.
A silver placque, on which the
name of each year's winner ap
pears, will also be on display.
Bob Sims, varsity half, won the
watch last year.
