# Glee Club To Appear At Sir Francis Drake Hotel
## 
### 
Thirty-five men of the Men's Glee
Club will appear in the main ballroom
of the Sir Francis Drake Hotel in San
Francisco from 10:30 to 12 o'clock
next Saturday night, according to
Adelbert Culling, club president. A
program of Stanford, California, and
miscellaneous songs will be pre
sented.
The regular meeting of the Glee
Club held last night was devoted to
rehearsal of the pieces to be sung
Saturday. Among them are "Califor
nia" and "Hail to California."
Thirty-five men of the Men's Glee
Club will appear in the main ballroom
of the Sir Francis Drake Hotel in San
Francisco from 10:30 to 12 o'clock
next Saturday night, according to
Adelbert Culling, club president. A
program of Stanford, California, and
miscellaneous songs will be pre
sented.
The regular meeting of the Glee
Club held last night was devoted to
rehearsal of the pieces to be sung
Saturday. Among them are "Califor
nia" and "Hail to California."
Thirty-five men of the Men's Glee
Club will appear in the main ballroom
of the Sir Francis Drake Hotel in San
Francisco from 10:30 to 12 o'clock
next Saturday night, according to
Adelbert Culling, club president. A
program of Stanford, California, and
miscellaneous songs will be pre
sented.
The regular meeting of the Glee
Club held last night was devoted to
rehearsal of the pieces to be sung
Saturday. Among them are "Califor
nia" and "Hail to California."
Thirty-five men of the Men's Glee
Club will appear in the main ballroom
of the Sir Francis Drake Hotel in San
Francisco from 10:30 to 12 o'clock
next Saturday night, according to
Adelbert Culling, club president. A
program of Stanford, California, and
miscellaneous songs will be pre
sented.
The regular meeting of the Glee
Club held last night was devoted to
rehearsal of the pieces to be sung
Saturday. Among them are "Califor
nia" and "Hail to California."
Thirty-five men of the Men's Glee
Club will appear in the main ballroom
of the Sir Francis Drake Hotel in San
Francisco from 10:30 to 12 o'clock
next Saturday night, according to
Adelbert Culling, club president. A
program of Stanford, California, and
miscellaneous songs will be pre
sented.
The regular meeting of the Glee
Club held last night was devoted to
rehearsal of the pieces to be sung
Saturday. Among them are "Califor
nia" and "Hail to California."
Thirty-five men of the Men's Glee
Club will appear in the main ballroom
of the Sir Francis Drake Hotel in San
Francisco from 10:30 to 12 o'clock
next Saturday night, according to
Adelbert Culling, club president. A
program of Stanford, California, and
miscellaneous songs will be pre
sented.
The regular meeting of the Glee
Club held last night was devoted to
rehearsal of the pieces to be sung
Saturday. Among them are "Califor
nia" and "Hail to California."
Thirty-five men of the Men's Glee
Club will appear in the main ballroom
of the Sir Francis Drake Hotel in San
Francisco from 10:30 to 12 o'clock
next Saturday night, according to
Adelbert Culling, club president. A
program of Stanford, California, and
miscellaneous songs will be pre
sented.
The regular meeting of the Glee
Club held last night was devoted to
rehearsal of the pieces to be sung
Saturday. Among them are "Califor
nia" and "Hail to California."
Thirty-five men of the Men's Glee
Club will appear in the main ballroom
of the Sir Francis Drake Hotel in San
Francisco from 10:30 to 12 o'clock
next Saturday night, according to
Adelbert Culling, club president. A
program of Stanford, California, and
miscellaneous songs will be pre
sented.
The regular meeting of the Glee
Club held last night was devoted to
rehearsal of the pieces to be sung
Saturday. Among them are "Califor
nia" and "Hail to California."
Thirty-five men of the Men's Glee
Club will appear in the main ballroom
of the Sir Francis Drake Hotel in San
Francisco from 10:30 to 12 o'clock
next Saturday night, according to
Adelbert Culling, club president. A
program of Stanford, California, and
miscellaneous songs will be pre
sented.
The regular meeting of the Glee
Club held last night was devoted to
rehearsal of the pieces to be sung
Saturday. Among them are "Califor
nia" and "Hail to California."
Thirty-five men of the Men's Glee
Club will appear in the main ballroom
of the Sir Francis Drake Hotel in San
Francisco from 10:30 to 12 o'clock
next Saturday night, according to
Adelbert Culling, club president. A
program of Stanford, California, and
miscellaneous songs will be pre
sented.
The regular meeting of the Glee
Club held last night was devoted to
rehearsal of the pieces to be sung
Saturday. Among them are "Califor
nia" and "Hail to California."
Thirty-five men of the Men's Glee
Club will appear in the main ballroom
of the Sir Francis Drake Hotel in San
Francisco from 10:30 to 12 o'clock
next Saturday night, according to
Adelbert Culling, club president. A
program of Stanford, California, and
miscellaneous songs will be pre
sented.
The regular meeting of the Glee
Club held last night was devoted to
rehearsal of the pieces to be sung
Saturday. Among them are "Califor
nia" and "Hail to California."
Thirty-five men of the Men's Glee
Club will appear in the main ballroom
of the Sir Francis Drake Hotel in San
Francisco from 10:30 to 12 o'clock
next Saturday night, according to
Adelbert Culling, club president. A
program of Stanford, California, and
miscellaneous songs will be pre
sented.
The regular meeting of the Glee
Club held last night was devoted to
rehearsal of the pieces to be sung
Saturday. Among them are "Califor
nia" and "Hail to California."
Thirty-five men of the Men's Glee
Club will appear in the main ballroom
of the Sir Francis Drake Hotel in San
Francisco from 10:30 to 12 o'clock
next Saturday night, according to
Adelbert Culling, club president. A
program of Stanford, California, and
miscellaneous songs will be pre
sented.
The regular meeting of the Glee
Club held last night was devoted to
rehearsal of the pieces to be sung
Saturday. Among them are "Califor
nia" and "Hail to California."
Thirty-five men of the Men's Glee
Club will appear in the main ballroom
of the Sir Francis Drake Hotel in San
Francisco from 10:30 to 12 o'clock
next Saturday night, according to
Adelbert Culling, club president. A
program of Stanford, California, and
miscellaneous songs will be pre
sented.
The regular meeting of the Glee
Club held last night was devoted to
rehearsal of the pieces to be sung
Saturday. Among them are "Califor
nia" and "Hail to California."
Thirty-five men of the Men's Glee
Club will appear in the main ballroom
of the Sir Francis Drake Hotel in San
Francisco from 10:30 to 12 o'clock
next Saturday night, according to
Adelbert Culling, club president. A
program of Stanford, California, and
miscellaneous songs will be pre
sented.
The regular meeting of the Glee
Club held last night was devoted to
rehearsal of the pieces to be sung
Saturday. Among them are "Califor
nia" and "Hail to California."
Thirty-five men of the Men's Glee
Club will appear in the main ballroom
of the Sir Francis Drake Hotel in San
Francisco from 10:30 to 12 o'clock
next Saturday night, according to
Adelbert Culling, club president. A
program of Stanford, California, and
miscellaneous songs will be pre
sented.
The regular meeting of the Glee
Club held last night was devoted to
rehearsal of the pieces to be sung
Saturday. Among them are "Califor
nia" and "Hail to California."
Thirty-five men of the Men's Glee
Club will appear in the main ballroom
of the Sir Francis Drake Hotel in San
Francisco from 10:30 to 12 o'clock
next Saturday night, according to
Adelbert Culling, club president. A
program of Stanford, California, and
miscellaneous songs will be pre
sented.
The regular meeting of the Glee
Club held last night was devoted to
rehearsal of the pieces to be sung
Saturday. Among them are "Califor
nia" and "Hail to California."
