# TRUSTEES CONFIRM NEW APPOINTMENTS TO FACULTY POSTS
## 
### 
Dr. John A. Sellards, director of
summer quarter at Stanford from
1925 to 1931, was appointed acting
assistant professor of romanic lan
guages at the October meeting of the
board of trustees Thursday, Oct.
10. Dr. Sellards recieved the doctor
ate in letters from tne University
of Paris in 1933, the bachelor's degree
from the University of Illinois in
1912, and the M.A. degree from Stan
ford in 1916. He was an Instructor
in French at Stanford in 1923-24.
Dr. John J. Si'ppy, health officer
of the San Joaquin county unit, one
of the outstanding county health
units in the United States, was ap
pointed associate clinical professor
of public health and preventive
medicine. Dr. Sippy received the
M.D. degree from the St. Louis Col
lege of Physicians and Surgeons in
1899.
Miss Marie Manchee, an instructor
in Fresno Teachers College since
1930, was appointed instructor in
physical education for women. Miss
Manchee, who received the bache
lor's degree from Stanford in 1927
and the master of science degree
from Wellesley in 1930, has taught
in summer sessions at the National
University of Mexico, the University
of California and Stanford.
Other appointments were made as
follows: Joel V. Berreman, instruc
tor in citizenship; John Leslie Cat
terall and Archibald W. Allen, act
ing instructors in classical literature;
William S. Wells, and Ernest Tal
bert, acting instructors in English;
George Darwin Pea'vy, acting in
structor in physical education. Dr.
Robert C. McNaught was reappointed
instructor in surgery and assigned
to otolaryngology.
Dr. John A. Sellards, director of
summer quarter at Stanford from
1925 to 1931, was appointed acting
assistant professor of romanic lan
guages at the October meeting of the
board of trustees Thursday, Oct.
10. Dr. Sellards recieved the doctor
ate in letters from tne University
of Paris in 1933, the bachelor's degree
from the University of Illinois in
1912, and the M.A. degree from Stan
ford in 1916. He was an Instructor
in French at Stanford in 1923-24.
Dr. John J. Si'ppy, health officer
of the San Joaquin county unit, one
of the outstanding county health
units in the United States, was ap
pointed associate clinical professor
of public health and preventive
medicine. Dr. Sippy received the
M.D. degree from the St. Louis Col
lege of Physicians and Surgeons in
1899.
Miss Marie Manchee, an instructor
in Fresno Teachers College since
1930, was appointed instructor in
physical education for women. Miss
Manchee, who received the bache
lor's degree from Stanford in 1927
and the master of science degree
from Wellesley in 1930, has taught
in summer sessions at the National
University of Mexico, the University
of California and Stanford.
Other appointments were made as
follows: Joel V. Berreman, instruc
tor in citizenship; John Leslie Cat
terall and Archibald W. Allen, act
ing instructors in classical literature;
William S. Wells, and Ernest Tal
bert, acting instructors in English;
George Darwin Pea'vy, acting in
structor in physical education. Dr.
Robert C. McNaught was reappointed
instructor in surgery and assigned
to otolaryngology.
Dr. John A. Sellards, director of
summer quarter at Stanford from
1925 to 1931, was appointed acting
assistant professor of romanic lan
guages at the October meeting of the
board of trustees Thursday, Oct.
10. Dr. Sellards recieved the doctor
ate in letters from tne University
of Paris in 1933, the bachelor's degree
from the University of Illinois in
1912, and the M.A. degree from Stan
ford in 1916. He was an Instructor
in French at Stanford in 1923-24.
Dr. John J. Si'ppy, health officer
of the San Joaquin county unit, one
of the outstanding county health
units in the United States, was ap
pointed associate clinical professor
of public health and preventive
medicine. Dr. Sippy received the
M.D. degree from the St. Louis Col
lege of Physicians and Surgeons in
1899.
Miss Marie Manchee, an instructor
in Fresno Teachers College since
1930, was appointed instructor in
physical education for women. Miss
Manchee, who received the bache
lor's degree from Stanford in 1927
and the master of science degree
from Wellesley in 1930, has taught
in summer sessions at the National
University of Mexico, the University
of California and Stanford.
Other appointments were made as
follows: Joel V. Berreman, instruc
tor in citizenship; John Leslie Cat
terall and Archibald W. Allen, act
ing instructors in classical literature;
William S. Wells, and Ernest Tal
bert, acting instructors in English;
George Darwin Pea'vy, acting in
structor in physical education. Dr.
Robert C. McNaught was reappointed
instructor in surgery and assigned
to otolaryngology.
Dr. John A. Sellards, director of
summer quarter at Stanford from
1925 to 1931, was appointed acting
assistant professor of romanic lan
guages at the October meeting of the
board of trustees Thursday, Oct.
10. Dr. Sellards recieved the doctor
ate in letters from tne University
of Paris in 1933, the bachelor's degree
from the University of Illinois in
1912, and the M.A. degree from Stan
ford in 1916. He was an Instructor
in French at Stanford in 1923-24.
Dr. John J. Si'ppy, health officer
of the San Joaquin county unit, one
of the outstanding county health
units in the United States, was ap
pointed associate clinical professor
of public health and preventive
medicine. Dr. Sippy received the
M.D. degree from the St. Louis Col
lege of Physicians and Surgeons in
1899.
Miss Marie Manchee, an instructor
in Fresno Teachers College since
1930, was appointed instructor in
physical education for women. Miss
Manchee, who received the bache
lor's degree from Stanford in 1927
and the master of science degree
from Wellesley in 1930, has taught
in summer sessions at the National
University of Mexico, the University
of California and Stanford.
Other appointments were made as
follows: Joel V. Berreman, instruc
tor in citizenship; John Leslie Cat
terall and Archibald W. Allen, act
ing instructors in classical literature;
William S. Wells, and Ernest Tal
bert, acting instructors in English;
George Darwin Pea'vy, acting in
structor in physical education. Dr.
Robert C. McNaught was reappointed
instructor in surgery and assigned
to otolaryngology.
Dr. John A. Sellards, director of
summer quarter at Stanford from
1925 to 1931, was appointed acting
assistant professor of romanic lan
guages at the October meeting of the
board of trustees Thursday, Oct.
10. Dr. Sellards recieved the doctor
ate in letters from tne University
of Paris in 1933, the bachelor's degree
from the University of Illinois in
1912, and the M.A. degree from Stan
ford in 1916. He was an Instructor
in French at Stanford in 1923-24.
Dr. John J. Si'ppy, health officer
of the San Joaquin county unit, one
of the outstanding county health
units in the United States, was ap
pointed associate clinical professor
of public health and preventive
medicine. Dr. Sippy received the
M.D. degree from the St. Louis Col
lege of Physicians and Surgeons in
1899.
Miss Marie Manchee, an instructor
in Fresno Teachers College since
1930, was appointed instructor in
physical education for women. Miss
Manchee, who received the bache
lor's degree from Stanford in 1927
and the master of science degree
from Wellesley in 1930, has taught
in summer sessions at the National
University of Mexico, the University
of California and Stanford.
Other appointments were made as
follows: Joel V. Berreman, instruc
tor in citizenship; John Leslie Cat
terall and Archibald W. Allen, act
ing instructors in classical literature;
William S. Wells, and Ernest Tal
bert, acting instructors in English;
George Darwin Pea'vy, acting in
structor in physical education. Dr.
Robert C. McNaught was reappointed
instructor in surgery and assigned
to otolaryngology.
Dr. John A. Sellards, director of
summer quarter at Stanford from
1925 to 1931, was appointed acting
assistant professor of romanic lan
guages at the October meeting of the
board of trustees Thursday, Oct.
10. Dr. Sellards recieved the doctor
ate in letters from tne University
of Paris in 1933, the bachelor's degree
from the University of Illinois in
1912, and the M.A. degree from Stan
ford in 1916. He was an Instructor
in French at Stanford in 1923-24.
Dr. John J. Si'ppy, health officer
of the San Joaquin county unit, one
of the outstanding county health
units in the United States, was ap
pointed associate clinical professor
of public health and preventive
medicine. Dr. Sippy received the
M.D. degree from the St. Louis Col
lege of Physicians and Surgeons in
1899.
Miss Marie Manchee, an instructor
in Fresno Teachers College since
1930, was appointed instructor in
physical education for women. Miss
Manchee, who received the bache
lor's degree from Stanford in 1927
and the master of science degree
from Wellesley in 1930, has taught
in summer sessions at the National
University of Mexico, the University
of California and Stanford.
Other appointments were made as
follows: Joel V. Berreman, instruc
tor in citizenship; John Leslie Cat
terall and Archibald W. Allen, act
ing instructors in classical literature;
William S. Wells, and Ernest Tal
bert, acting instructors in English;
George Darwin Pea'vy, acting in
structor in physical education. Dr.
Robert C. McNaught was reappointed
instructor in surgery and assigned
to otolaryngology.
Dr. John A. Sellards, director of
summer quarter at Stanford from
1925 to 1931, was appointed acting
assistant professor of romanic lan
guages at the October meeting of the
board of trustees Thursday, Oct.
10. Dr. Sellards recieved the doctor
ate in letters from tne University
of Paris in 1933, the bachelor's degree
from the University of Illinois in
1912, and the M.A. degree from Stan
ford in 1916. He was an Instructor
in French at Stanford in 1923-24.
Dr. John J. Si'ppy, health officer
of the San Joaquin county unit, one
of the outstanding county health
units in the United States, was ap
pointed associate clinical professor
of public health and preventive
medicine. Dr. Sippy received the
M.D. degree from the St. Louis Col
lege of Physicians and Surgeons in
1899.
Miss Marie Manchee, an instructor
in Fresno Teachers College since
1930, was appointed instructor in
physical education for women. Miss
Manchee, who received the bache
lor's degree from Stanford in 1927
and the master of science degree
from Wellesley in 1930, has taught
in summer sessions at the National
University of Mexico, the University
of California and Stanford.
Other appointments were made as
follows: Joel V. Berreman, instruc
tor in citizenship; John Leslie Cat
terall and Archibald W. Allen, act
ing instructors in classical literature;
William S. Wells, and Ernest Tal
bert, acting instructors in English;
George Darwin Pea'vy, acting in
structor in physical education. Dr.
Robert C. McNaught was reappointed
instructor in surgery and assigned
to otolaryngology.
Dr. John A. Sellards, director of
summer quarter at Stanford from
1925 to 1931, was appointed acting
assistant professor of romanic lan
guages at the October meeting of the
board of trustees Thursday, Oct.
10. Dr. Sellards recieved the doctor
ate in letters from tne University
of Paris in 1933, the bachelor's degree
from the University of Illinois in
1912, and the M.A. degree from Stan
ford in 1916. He was an Instructor
in French at Stanford in 1923-24.
Dr. John J. Si'ppy, health officer
of the San Joaquin county unit, one
of the outstanding county health
units in the United States, was ap
pointed associate clinical professor
of public health and preventive
medicine. Dr. Sippy received the
M.D. degree from the St. Louis Col
lege of Physicians and Surgeons in
1899.
Miss Marie Manchee, an instructor
in Fresno Teachers College since
1930, was appointed instructor in
physical education for women. Miss
Manchee, who received the bache
lor's degree from Stanford in 1927
and the master of science degree
from Wellesley in 1930, has taught
in summer sessions at the National
University of Mexico, the University
of California and Stanford.
Other appointments were made as
follows: Joel V. Berreman, instruc
tor in citizenship; John Leslie Cat
terall and Archibald W. Allen, act
ing instructors in classical literature;
William S. Wells, and Ernest Tal
bert, acting instructors in English;
George Darwin Pea'vy, acting in
structor in physical education. Dr.
Robert C. McNaught was reappointed
instructor in surgery and assigned
to otolaryngology.
Dr. John A. Sellards, director of
summer quarter at Stanford from
1925 to 1931, was appointed acting
assistant professor of romanic lan
guages at the October meeting of the
board of trustees Thursday, Oct.
10. Dr. Sellards recieved the doctor
ate in letters from tne University
of Paris in 1933, the bachelor's degree
from the University of Illinois in
1912, and the M.A. degree from Stan
ford in 1916. He was an Instructor
in French at Stanford in 1923-24.
Dr. John J. Si'ppy, health officer
of the San Joaquin county unit, one
of the outstanding county health
units in the United States, was ap
pointed associate clinical professor
of public health and preventive
medicine. Dr. Sippy received the
M.D. degree from the St. Louis Col
lege of Physicians and Surgeons in
1899.
Miss Marie Manchee, an instructor
in Fresno Teachers College since
1930, was appointed instructor in
physical education for women. Miss
Manchee, who received the bache
lor's degree from Stanford in 1927
and the master of science degree
from Wellesley in 1930, has taught
in summer sessions at the National
University of Mexico, the University
of California and Stanford.
Other appointments were made as
follows: Joel V. Berreman, instruc
tor in citizenship; John Leslie Cat
terall and Archibald W. Allen, act
ing instructors in classical literature;
William S. Wells, and Ernest Tal
bert, acting instructors in English;
George Darwin Pea'vy, acting in
structor in physical education. Dr.
Robert C. McNaught was reappointed
instructor in surgery and assigned
to otolaryngology.
Dr. John A. Sellards, director of
summer quarter at Stanford from
1925 to 1931, was appointed acting
assistant professor of romanic lan
guages at the October meeting of the
board of trustees Thursday, Oct.
10. Dr. Sellards recieved the doctor
ate in letters from tne University
of Paris in 1933, the bachelor's degree
from the University of Illinois in
1912, and the M.A. degree from Stan
ford in 1916. He was an Instructor
in French at Stanford in 1923-24.
Dr. John J. Si'ppy, health officer
of the San Joaquin county unit, one
of the outstanding county health
units in the United States, was ap
pointed associate clinical professor
of public health and preventive
medicine. Dr. Sippy received the
M.D. degree from the St. Louis Col
lege of Physicians and Surgeons in
1899.
Miss Marie Manchee, an instructor
in Fresno Teachers College since
1930, was appointed instructor in
physical education for women. Miss
Manchee, who received the bache
lor's degree from Stanford in 1927
and the master of science degree
from Wellesley in 1930, has taught
in summer sessions at the National
University of Mexico, the University
of California and Stanford.
Other appointments were made as
follows: Joel V. Berreman, instruc
tor in citizenship; John Leslie Cat
terall and Archibald W. Allen, act
ing instructors in classical literature;
William S. Wells, and Ernest Tal
bert, acting instructors in English;
George Darwin Pea'vy, acting in
structor in physical education. Dr.
Robert C. McNaught was reappointed
instructor in surgery and assigned
to otolaryngology.
Dr. John A. Sellards, director of
summer quarter at Stanford from
1925 to 1931, was appointed acting
assistant professor of romanic lan
guages at the October meeting of the
board of trustees Thursday, Oct.
10. Dr. Sellards recieved the doctor
ate in letters from tne University
of Paris in 1933, the bachelor's degree
from the University of Illinois in
1912, and the M.A. degree from Stan
ford in 1916. He was an Instructor
in French at Stanford in 1923-24.
Dr. John J. Si'ppy, health officer
of the San Joaquin county unit, one
of the outstanding county health
units in the United States, was ap
pointed associate clinical professor
of public health and preventive
medicine. Dr. Sippy received the
M.D. degree from the St. Louis Col
lege of Physicians and Surgeons in
1899.
Miss Marie Manchee, an instructor
in Fresno Teachers College since
1930, was appointed instructor in
physical education for women. Miss
Manchee, who received the bache
lor's degree from Stanford in 1927
and the master of science degree
from Wellesley in 1930, has taught
in summer sessions at the National
University of Mexico, the University
of California and Stanford.
Other appointments were made as
follows: Joel V. Berreman, instruc
tor in citizenship; John Leslie Cat
terall and Archibald W. Allen, act
ing instructors in classical literature;
William S. Wells, and Ernest Tal
bert, acting instructors in English;
George Darwin Pea'vy, acting in
structor in physical education. Dr.
Robert C. McNaught was reappointed
instructor in surgery and assigned
to otolaryngology.
Dr. John A. Sellards, director of
summer quarter at Stanford from
1925 to 1931, was appointed acting
assistant professor of romanic lan
guages at the October meeting of the
board of trustees Thursday, Oct.
10. Dr. Sellards recieved the doctor
ate in letters from tne University
of Paris in 1933, the bachelor's degree
from the University of Illinois in
1912, and the M.A. degree from Stan
ford in 1916. He was an Instructor
in French at Stanford in 1923-24.
Dr. John J. Si'ppy, health officer
of the San Joaquin county unit, one
of the outstanding county health
units in the United States, was ap
pointed associate clinical professor
of public health and preventive
medicine. Dr. Sippy received the
M.D. degree from the St. Louis Col
lege of Physicians and Surgeons in
1899.
Miss Marie Manchee, an instructor
in Fresno Teachers College since
1930, was appointed instructor in
physical education for women. Miss
Manchee, who received the bache
lor's degree from Stanford in 1927
and the master of science degree
from Wellesley in 1930, has taught
in summer sessions at the National
University of Mexico, the University
of California and Stanford.
Other appointments were made as
follows: Joel V. Berreman, instruc
tor in citizenship; John Leslie Cat
terall and Archibald W. Allen, act
ing instructors in classical literature;
William S. Wells, and Ernest Tal
bert, acting instructors in English;
George Darwin Pea'vy, acting in
structor in physical education. Dr.
Robert C. McNaught was reappointed
instructor in surgery and assigned
to otolaryngology.
Dr. John A. Sellards, director of
summer quarter at Stanford from
1925 to 1931, was appointed acting
assistant professor of romanic lan
guages at the October meeting of the
board of trustees Thursday, Oct.
10. Dr. Sellards recieved the doctor
ate in letters from tne University
of Paris in 1933, the bachelor's degree
from the University of Illinois in
1912, and the M.A. degree from Stan
ford in 1916. He was an Instructor
in French at Stanford in 1923-24.
Dr. John J. Si'ppy, health officer
of the San Joaquin county unit, one
of the outstanding county health
units in the United States, was ap
pointed associate clinical professor
of public health and preventive
medicine. Dr. Sippy received the
M.D. degree from the St. Louis Col
lege of Physicians and Surgeons in
1899.
Miss Marie Manchee, an instructor
in Fresno Teachers College since
1930, was appointed instructor in
physical education for women. Miss
Manchee, who received the bache
lor's degree from Stanford in 1927
and the master of science degree
from Wellesley in 1930, has taught
in summer sessions at the National
University of Mexico, the University
of California and Stanford.
Other appointments were made as
follows: Joel V. Berreman, instruc
tor in citizenship; John Leslie Cat
terall and Archibald W. Allen, act
ing instructors in classical literature;
William S. Wells, and Ernest Tal
bert, acting instructors in English;
George Darwin Pea'vy, acting in
structor in physical education. Dr.
Robert C. McNaught was reappointed
instructor in surgery and assigned
to otolaryngology.
Dr. John A. Sellards, director of
summer quarter at Stanford from
1925 to 1931, was appointed acting
assistant professor of romanic lan
guages at the October meeting of the
board of trustees Thursday, Oct.
10. Dr. Sellards recieved the doctor
ate in letters from tne University
of Paris in 1933, the bachelor's degree
from the University of Illinois in
1912, and the M.A. degree from Stan
ford in 1916. He was an Instructor
in French at Stanford in 1923-24.
Dr. John J. Si'ppy, health officer
of the San Joaquin county unit, one
of the outstanding county health
units in the United States, was ap
pointed associate clinical professor
of public health and preventive
medicine. Dr. Sippy received the
M.D. degree from the St. Louis Col
lege of Physicians and Surgeons in
1899.
Miss Marie Manchee, an instructor
in Fresno Teachers College since
1930, was appointed instructor in
physical education for women. Miss
Manchee, who received the bache
lor's degree from Stanford in 1927
and the master of science degree
from Wellesley in 1930, has taught
in summer sessions at the National
University of Mexico, the University
of California and Stanford.
Other appointments were made as
follows: Joel V. Berreman, instruc
tor in citizenship; John Leslie Cat
terall and Archibald W. Allen, act
ing instructors in classical literature;
William S. Wells, and Ernest Tal
bert, acting instructors in English;
George Darwin Pea'vy, acting in
structor in physical education. Dr.
Robert C. McNaught was reappointed
instructor in surgery and assigned
to otolaryngology.
Dr. John A. Sellards, director of
summer quarter at Stanford from
1925 to 1931, was appointed acting
assistant professor of romanic lan
guages at the October meeting of the
board of trustees Thursday, Oct.
10. Dr. Sellards recieved the doctor
ate in letters from tne University
of Paris in 1933, the bachelor's degree
from the University of Illinois in
1912, and the M.A. degree from Stan
ford in 1916. He was an Instructor
in French at Stanford in 1923-24.
Dr. John J. Si'ppy, health officer
of the San Joaquin county unit, one
of the outstanding county health
units in the United States, was ap
pointed associate clinical professor
of public health and preventive
medicine. Dr. Sippy received the
M.D. degree from the St. Louis Col
lege of Physicians and Surgeons in
1899.
Miss Marie Manchee, an instructor
in Fresno Teachers College since
1930, was appointed instructor in
physical education for women. Miss
Manchee, who received the bache
lor's degree from Stanford in 1927
and the master of science degree
from Wellesley in 1930, has taught
in summer sessions at the National
University of Mexico, the University
of California and Stanford.
Other appointments were made as
follows: Joel V. Berreman, instruc
tor in citizenship; John Leslie Cat
terall and Archibald W. Allen, act
ing instructors in classical literature;
William S. Wells, and Ernest Tal
bert, acting instructors in English;
George Darwin Pea'vy, acting in
structor in physical education. Dr.
Robert C. McNaught was reappointed
instructor in surgery and assigned
to otolaryngology.
