# Spend a Couple of Dollars.
## 
### 
Unitarian Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street. Clarence
Reed, minister. The subject of the
sermon next Sunday at 11 a.m., will
he "Who is the Christian (Jod?" Illus
trated lecture at 7:30 p.m., entitled
"The Art of Michael Angelo."
Unitarian Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street. Clarence
Reed, minister. The subject of the
sermon next Sunday at 11 a.m., will
he "Who is the Christian (Jod?" Illus
trated lecture at 7:30 p.m., entitled
"The Art of Michael Angelo."
Unitarian Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street. Clarence
Reed, minister. The subject of the
sermon next Sunday at 11 a.m., will
he "Who is the Christian (Jod?" Illus
trated lecture at 7:30 p.m., entitled
"The Art of Michael Angelo."
Unitarian Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street. Clarence
Reed, minister. The subject of the
sermon next Sunday at 11 a.m., will
he "Who is the Christian (Jod?" Illus
trated lecture at 7:30 p.m., entitled
"The Art of Michael Angelo."
Unitarian Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street. Clarence
Reed, minister. The subject of the
sermon next Sunday at 11 a.m., will
he "Who is the Christian (Jod?" Illus
trated lecture at 7:30 p.m., entitled
"The Art of Michael Angelo."
Unitarian Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street. Clarence
Reed, minister. The subject of the
sermon next Sunday at 11 a.m., will
he "Who is the Christian (Jod?" Illus
trated lecture at 7:30 p.m., entitled
"The Art of Michael Angelo."
Unitarian Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street. Clarence
Reed, minister. The subject of the
sermon next Sunday at 11 a.m., will
he "Who is the Christian (Jod?" Illus
trated lecture at 7:30 p.m., entitled
"The Art of Michael Angelo."
Unitarian Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street. Clarence
Reed, minister. The subject of the
sermon next Sunday at 11 a.m., will
he "Who is the Christian (Jod?" Illus
trated lecture at 7:30 p.m., entitled
"The Art of Michael Angelo."
Unitarian Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street. Clarence
Reed, minister. The subject of the
sermon next Sunday at 11 a.m., will
he "Who is the Christian (Jod?" Illus
trated lecture at 7:30 p.m., entitled
"The Art of Michael Angelo."
Unitarian Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street. Clarence
Reed, minister. The subject of the
sermon next Sunday at 11 a.m., will
he "Who is the Christian (Jod?" Illus
trated lecture at 7:30 p.m., entitled
"The Art of Michael Angelo."
Unitarian Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street. Clarence
Reed, minister. The subject of the
sermon next Sunday at 11 a.m., will
he "Who is the Christian (Jod?" Illus
trated lecture at 7:30 p.m., entitled
"The Art of Michael Angelo."
Unitarian Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street. Clarence
Reed, minister. The subject of the
sermon next Sunday at 11 a.m., will
he "Who is the Christian (Jod?" Illus
trated lecture at 7:30 p.m., entitled
"The Art of Michael Angelo."
Unitarian Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street. Clarence
Reed, minister. The subject of the
sermon next Sunday at 11 a.m., will
he "Who is the Christian (Jod?" Illus
trated lecture at 7:30 p.m., entitled
"The Art of Michael Angelo."
