# DIALECT STORIES ARE RECITED BY BRANNER
## 
### 
Dr. John Caspar Branncr recited se
lections from a number of darky dialect
stories at an entertainment given last
evening at the Community Clubhouse iti
Palo Alto. Dr. Branner has had a great
of experience in relating negro dialect
stories, and is considered particuarly
gifted as a story teller. The evening's
program also included music by the
"Hawaiian Six," a group of musicians
from the government hospital.
Dr. John Caspar Branncr recited se
lections from a number of darky dialect
stories at an entertainment given last
evening at the Community Clubhouse iti
Palo Alto. Dr. Branner has had a great
of experience in relating negro dialect
stories, and is considered particuarly
gifted as a story teller. The evening's
program also included music by the
"Hawaiian Six," a group of musicians
from the government hospital.
Dr. John Caspar Branncr recited se
lections from a number of darky dialect
stories at an entertainment given last
evening at the Community Clubhouse iti
Palo Alto. Dr. Branner has had a great
of experience in relating negro dialect
stories, and is considered particuarly
gifted as a story teller. The evening's
program also included music by the
"Hawaiian Six," a group of musicians
from the government hospital.
Dr. John Caspar Branncr recited se
lections from a number of darky dialect
stories at an entertainment given last
evening at the Community Clubhouse iti
Palo Alto. Dr. Branner has had a great
of experience in relating negro dialect
stories, and is considered particuarly
gifted as a story teller. The evening's
program also included music by the
"Hawaiian Six," a group of musicians
from the government hospital.
Dr. John Caspar Branncr recited se
lections from a number of darky dialect
stories at an entertainment given last
evening at the Community Clubhouse iti
Palo Alto. Dr. Branner has had a great
of experience in relating negro dialect
stories, and is considered particuarly
gifted as a story teller. The evening's
program also included music by the
"Hawaiian Six," a group of musicians
from the government hospital.
Dr. John Caspar Branncr recited se
lections from a number of darky dialect
stories at an entertainment given last
evening at the Community Clubhouse iti
Palo Alto. Dr. Branner has had a great
of experience in relating negro dialect
stories, and is considered particuarly
gifted as a story teller. The evening's
program also included music by the
"Hawaiian Six," a group of musicians
from the government hospital.
Dr. John Caspar Branncr recited se
lections from a number of darky dialect
stories at an entertainment given last
evening at the Community Clubhouse iti
Palo Alto. Dr. Branner has had a great
of experience in relating negro dialect
stories, and is considered particuarly
gifted as a story teller. The evening's
program also included music by the
"Hawaiian Six," a group of musicians
from the government hospital.
Dr. John Caspar Branncr recited se
lections from a number of darky dialect
stories at an entertainment given last
evening at the Community Clubhouse iti
Palo Alto. Dr. Branner has had a great
of experience in relating negro dialect
stories, and is considered particuarly
gifted as a story teller. The evening's
program also included music by the
"Hawaiian Six," a group of musicians
from the government hospital.
Dr. John Caspar Branncr recited se
lections from a number of darky dialect
stories at an entertainment given last
evening at the Community Clubhouse iti
Palo Alto. Dr. Branner has had a great
of experience in relating negro dialect
stories, and is considered particuarly
gifted as a story teller. The evening's
program also included music by the
"Hawaiian Six," a group of musicians
from the government hospital.
Dr. John Caspar Branncr recited se
lections from a number of darky dialect
stories at an entertainment given last
evening at the Community Clubhouse iti
Palo Alto. Dr. Branner has had a great
of experience in relating negro dialect
stories, and is considered particuarly
gifted as a story teller. The evening's
program also included music by the
"Hawaiian Six," a group of musicians
from the government hospital.
Dr. John Caspar Branncr recited se
lections from a number of darky dialect
stories at an entertainment given last
evening at the Community Clubhouse iti
Palo Alto. Dr. Branner has had a great
of experience in relating negro dialect
stories, and is considered particuarly
gifted as a story teller. The evening's
program also included music by the
"Hawaiian Six," a group of musicians
from the government hospital.
Dr. John Caspar Branncr recited se
lections from a number of darky dialect
stories at an entertainment given last
evening at the Community Clubhouse iti
Palo Alto. Dr. Branner has had a great
of experience in relating negro dialect
stories, and is considered particuarly
gifted as a story teller. The evening's
program also included music by the
"Hawaiian Six," a group of musicians
from the government hospital.
