# "Co-Eds" Will Usher at Democratic Convention
## 
### 
"Usherettes," drawn from the women
students of Stanford and the University
of California will be a novel feature of
i the national Democratic convention
which will assemble for its first session
'June 28 in San Francisco. George F.
Mara, assistant chairman of the Demo
cratic committee announced yesterday
that a group of 250 women students of
the two universities would be selected
in the near future to act as ushers 011
the convention floor.
The election of a number of women
delegates to the national convention and
the attendance of women's auxiliary
delegates makes girl ushers necessary,
asserts Mr. Mara, whose particular duty
will be to escort women delegates to
their seats.
Frederick Supple, president of the
local Democratic club, is awaiting word
from Chairman Mara as to the quota of
usherettes which will be allowed Stan
ford. An announcement will be made in
the Daily Palo Alto when definite infor
mation is received from the Democratic
leader.
"Usherettes," drawn from the women
students of Stanford and the University
of California will be a novel feature of
i the national Democratic convention
which will assemble for its first session
'June 28 in San Francisco. George F.
Mara, assistant chairman of the Demo
cratic committee announced yesterday
that a group of 250 women students of
the two universities would be selected
in the near future to act as ushers 011
the convention floor.
The election of a number of women
delegates to the national convention and
the attendance of women's auxiliary
delegates makes girl ushers necessary,
asserts Mr. Mara, whose particular duty
will be to escort women delegates to
their seats.
Frederick Supple, president of the
local Democratic club, is awaiting word
from Chairman Mara as to the quota of
usherettes which will be allowed Stan
ford. An announcement will be made in
the Daily Palo Alto when definite infor
mation is received from the Democratic
leader.
"Usherettes," drawn from the women
students of Stanford and the University
of California will be a novel feature of
i the national Democratic convention
which will assemble for its first session
'June 28 in San Francisco. George F.
Mara, assistant chairman of the Demo
cratic committee announced yesterday
that a group of 250 women students of
the two universities would be selected
in the near future to act as ushers 011
the convention floor.
The election of a number of women
delegates to the national convention and
the attendance of women's auxiliary
delegates makes girl ushers necessary,
asserts Mr. Mara, whose particular duty
will be to escort women delegates to
their seats.
Frederick Supple, president of the
local Democratic club, is awaiting word
from Chairman Mara as to the quota of
usherettes which will be allowed Stan
ford. An announcement will be made in
the Daily Palo Alto when definite infor
mation is received from the Democratic
leader.
"Usherettes," drawn from the women
students of Stanford and the University
of California will be a novel feature of
i the national Democratic convention
which will assemble for its first session
'June 28 in San Francisco. George F.
Mara, assistant chairman of the Demo
cratic committee announced yesterday
that a group of 250 women students of
the two universities would be selected
in the near future to act as ushers 011
the convention floor.
The election of a number of women
delegates to the national convention and
the attendance of women's auxiliary
delegates makes girl ushers necessary,
asserts Mr. Mara, whose particular duty
will be to escort women delegates to
their seats.
Frederick Supple, president of the
local Democratic club, is awaiting word
from Chairman Mara as to the quota of
usherettes which will be allowed Stan
ford. An announcement will be made in
the Daily Palo Alto when definite infor
mation is received from the Democratic
leader.
"Usherettes," drawn from the women
students of Stanford and the University
of California will be a novel feature of
i the national Democratic convention
which will assemble for its first session
'June 28 in San Francisco. George F.
Mara, assistant chairman of the Demo
cratic committee announced yesterday
that a group of 250 women students of
the two universities would be selected
in the near future to act as ushers 011
the convention floor.
The election of a number of women
delegates to the national convention and
the attendance of women's auxiliary
delegates makes girl ushers necessary,
asserts Mr. Mara, whose particular duty
will be to escort women delegates to
their seats.
Frederick Supple, president of the
local Democratic club, is awaiting word
from Chairman Mara as to the quota of
usherettes which will be allowed Stan
ford. An announcement will be made in
the Daily Palo Alto when definite infor
mation is received from the Democratic
leader.
"Usherettes," drawn from the women
students of Stanford and the University
of California will be a novel feature of
i the national Democratic convention
which will assemble for its first session
'June 28 in San Francisco. George F.
Mara, assistant chairman of the Demo
cratic committee announced yesterday
that a group of 250 women students of
the two universities would be selected
in the near future to act as ushers 011
the convention floor.
The election of a number of women
delegates to the national convention and
the attendance of women's auxiliary
delegates makes girl ushers necessary,
asserts Mr. Mara, whose particular duty
will be to escort women delegates to
their seats.
Frederick Supple, president of the
local Democratic club, is awaiting word
from Chairman Mara as to the quota of
usherettes which will be allowed Stan
ford. An announcement will be made in
the Daily Palo Alto when definite infor
mation is received from the Democratic
leader.
"Usherettes," drawn from the women
students of Stanford and the University
of California will be a novel feature of
i the national Democratic convention
which will assemble for its first session
'June 28 in San Francisco. George F.
Mara, assistant chairman of the Demo
cratic committee announced yesterday
that a group of 250 women students of
the two universities would be selected
in the near future to act as ushers 011
the convention floor.
The election of a number of women
delegates to the national convention and
the attendance of women's auxiliary
delegates makes girl ushers necessary,
asserts Mr. Mara, whose particular duty
will be to escort women delegates to
their seats.
Frederick Supple, president of the
local Democratic club, is awaiting word
from Chairman Mara as to the quota of
usherettes which will be allowed Stan
ford. An announcement will be made in
the Daily Palo Alto when definite infor
mation is received from the Democratic
leader.
"Usherettes," drawn from the women
students of Stanford and the University
of California will be a novel feature of
i the national Democratic convention
which will assemble for its first session
'June 28 in San Francisco. George F.
Mara, assistant chairman of the Demo
cratic committee announced yesterday
that a group of 250 women students of
the two universities would be selected
in the near future to act as ushers 011
the convention floor.
The election of a number of women
delegates to the national convention and
the attendance of women's auxiliary
delegates makes girl ushers necessary,
asserts Mr. Mara, whose particular duty
will be to escort women delegates to
their seats.
Frederick Supple, president of the
local Democratic club, is awaiting word
from Chairman Mara as to the quota of
usherettes which will be allowed Stan
ford. An announcement will be made in
the Daily Palo Alto when definite infor
mation is received from the Democratic
leader.
"Usherettes," drawn from the women
students of Stanford and the University
of California will be a novel feature of
i the national Democratic convention
which will assemble for its first session
'June 28 in San Francisco. George F.
Mara, assistant chairman of the Demo
cratic committee announced yesterday
that a group of 250 women students of
the two universities would be selected
in the near future to act as ushers 011
the convention floor.
The election of a number of women
delegates to the national convention and
the attendance of women's auxiliary
delegates makes girl ushers necessary,
asserts Mr. Mara, whose particular duty
will be to escort women delegates to
their seats.
Frederick Supple, president of the
local Democratic club, is awaiting word
from Chairman Mara as to the quota of
usherettes which will be allowed Stan
ford. An announcement will be made in
the Daily Palo Alto when definite infor
mation is received from the Democratic
leader.
"Usherettes," drawn from the women
students of Stanford and the University
of California will be a novel feature of
i the national Democratic convention
which will assemble for its first session
'June 28 in San Francisco. George F.
Mara, assistant chairman of the Demo
cratic committee announced yesterday
that a group of 250 women students of
the two universities would be selected
in the near future to act as ushers 011
the convention floor.
The election of a number of women
delegates to the national convention and
the attendance of women's auxiliary
delegates makes girl ushers necessary,
asserts Mr. Mara, whose particular duty
will be to escort women delegates to
their seats.
Frederick Supple, president of the
local Democratic club, is awaiting word
from Chairman Mara as to the quota of
usherettes which will be allowed Stan
ford. An announcement will be made in
the Daily Palo Alto when definite infor
mation is received from the Democratic
leader.
"Usherettes," drawn from the women
students of Stanford and the University
of California will be a novel feature of
i the national Democratic convention
which will assemble for its first session
'June 28 in San Francisco. George F.
Mara, assistant chairman of the Demo
cratic committee announced yesterday
that a group of 250 women students of
the two universities would be selected
in the near future to act as ushers 011
the convention floor.
The election of a number of women
delegates to the national convention and
the attendance of women's auxiliary
delegates makes girl ushers necessary,
asserts Mr. Mara, whose particular duty
will be to escort women delegates to
their seats.
Frederick Supple, president of the
local Democratic club, is awaiting word
from Chairman Mara as to the quota of
usherettes which will be allowed Stan
ford. An announcement will be made in
the Daily Palo Alto when definite infor
mation is received from the Democratic
leader.
"Usherettes," drawn from the women
students of Stanford and the University
of California will be a novel feature of
i the national Democratic convention
which will assemble for its first session
'June 28 in San Francisco. George F.
Mara, assistant chairman of the Demo
cratic committee announced yesterday
that a group of 250 women students of
the two universities would be selected
in the near future to act as ushers 011
the convention floor.
The election of a number of women
delegates to the national convention and
the attendance of women's auxiliary
delegates makes girl ushers necessary,
asserts Mr. Mara, whose particular duty
will be to escort women delegates to
their seats.
Frederick Supple, president of the
local Democratic club, is awaiting word
from Chairman Mara as to the quota of
usherettes which will be allowed Stan
ford. An announcement will be made in
the Daily Palo Alto when definite infor
mation is received from the Democratic
leader.
