# WILBUR WILL ADDRESS CIVIC LEAGUE, MAY 21
## 
### 
President Wilbur will address the
annual meeting of the State Civic
League, which is to be held in Palo
Alto May 21. An attendance of be
tween 25 to 50 Civic League members
from other parts of the state is ex
pected. Dr. Wilbur's address will be
given in the afternoon at the Presby
terian Church, where the sessions of
the convention are to be held.
President Wilbur will address the
annual meeting of the State Civic
League, which is to be held in Palo
Alto May 21. An attendance of be
tween 25 to 50 Civic League members
from other parts of the state is ex
pected. Dr. Wilbur's address will be
given in the afternoon at the Presby
terian Church, where the sessions of
the convention are to be held.
President Wilbur will address the
annual meeting of the State Civic
League, which is to be held in Palo
Alto May 21. An attendance of be
tween 25 to 50 Civic League members
from other parts of the state is ex
pected. Dr. Wilbur's address will be
given in the afternoon at the Presby
terian Church, where the sessions of
the convention are to be held.
President Wilbur will address the
annual meeting of the State Civic
League, which is to be held in Palo
Alto May 21. An attendance of be
tween 25 to 50 Civic League members
from other parts of the state is ex
pected. Dr. Wilbur's address will be
given in the afternoon at the Presby
terian Church, where the sessions of
the convention are to be held.
President Wilbur will address the
annual meeting of the State Civic
League, which is to be held in Palo
Alto May 21. An attendance of be
tween 25 to 50 Civic League members
from other parts of the state is ex
pected. Dr. Wilbur's address will be
given in the afternoon at the Presby
terian Church, where the sessions of
the convention are to be held.
President Wilbur will address the
annual meeting of the State Civic
League, which is to be held in Palo
Alto May 21. An attendance of be
tween 25 to 50 Civic League members
from other parts of the state is ex
pected. Dr. Wilbur's address will be
given in the afternoon at the Presby
terian Church, where the sessions of
the convention are to be held.
President Wilbur will address the
annual meeting of the State Civic
League, which is to be held in Palo
Alto May 21. An attendance of be
tween 25 to 50 Civic League members
from other parts of the state is ex
pected. Dr. Wilbur's address will be
given in the afternoon at the Presby
terian Church, where the sessions of
the convention are to be held.
President Wilbur will address the
annual meeting of the State Civic
League, which is to be held in Palo
Alto May 21. An attendance of be
tween 25 to 50 Civic League members
from other parts of the state is ex
pected. Dr. Wilbur's address will be
given in the afternoon at the Presby
terian Church, where the sessions of
the convention are to be held.
President Wilbur will address the
annual meeting of the State Civic
League, which is to be held in Palo
Alto May 21. An attendance of be
tween 25 to 50 Civic League members
from other parts of the state is ex
pected. Dr. Wilbur's address will be
given in the afternoon at the Presby
terian Church, where the sessions of
the convention are to be held.
President Wilbur will address the
annual meeting of the State Civic
League, which is to be held in Palo
Alto May 21. An attendance of be
tween 25 to 50 Civic League members
from other parts of the state is ex
pected. Dr. Wilbur's address will be
given in the afternoon at the Presby
terian Church, where the sessions of
the convention are to be held.
President Wilbur will address the
annual meeting of the State Civic
League, which is to be held in Palo
Alto May 21. An attendance of be
tween 25 to 50 Civic League members
from other parts of the state is ex
pected. Dr. Wilbur's address will be
given in the afternoon at the Presby
terian Church, where the sessions of
the convention are to be held.
President Wilbur will address the
annual meeting of the State Civic
League, which is to be held in Palo
Alto May 21. An attendance of be
tween 25 to 50 Civic League members
from other parts of the state is ex
pected. Dr. Wilbur's address will be
given in the afternoon at the Presby
terian Church, where the sessions of
the convention are to be held.
