# Adv. 11 Page 6
## 
### 
■Hfl
A
■
V
EI
Rada Ochrony
Walk
i M^czenstwa
HOOVER
INSTITUTION
STANFORD
UNIVERSITY
Touring Exhibition
Herbert Hoover Memorial
Exhibit Pavilion
(adjacent to Hoover Tower)
Nov. 30,2010 - Jan. 29,2011
Tues. through Sat. llam-4pm
www.hoover.org/hila
Council for the Protection
of the Memory of Struggle
and Martyrdom (Poland)
KORET
FOUNDATION
■Hfl
A
■
V
EI
Rada Ochrony
Walk
i M^czenstwa
HOOVER
INSTITUTION
STANFORD
UNIVERSITY
Touring Exhibition
Herbert Hoover Memorial
Exhibit Pavilion
(adjacent to Hoover Tower)
Nov. 30,2010 - Jan. 29,2011
Tues. through Sat. llam-4pm
www.hoover.org/hila
Council for the Protection
of the Memory of Struggle
and Martyrdom (Poland)
KORET
FOUNDATION
■Hfl
A
■
V
EI
Rada Ochrony
Walk
i M^czenstwa
HOOVER
INSTITUTION
STANFORD
UNIVERSITY
Touring Exhibition
Herbert Hoover Memorial
Exhibit Pavilion
(adjacent to Hoover Tower)
Nov. 30,2010 - Jan. 29,2011
Tues. through Sat. llam-4pm
www.hoover.org/hila
Council for the Protection
of the Memory of Struggle
and Martyrdom (Poland)
KORET
FOUNDATION
■Hfl
A
■
V
EI
Rada Ochrony
Walk
i M^czenstwa
HOOVER
INSTITUTION
STANFORD
UNIVERSITY
Touring Exhibition
Herbert Hoover Memorial
Exhibit Pavilion
(adjacent to Hoover Tower)
Nov. 30,2010 - Jan. 29,2011
Tues. through Sat. llam-4pm
www.hoover.org/hila
Council for the Protection
of the Memory of Struggle
and Martyrdom (Poland)
KORET
FOUNDATION
■Hfl
A
■
V
EI
Rada Ochrony
Walk
i M^czenstwa
HOOVER
INSTITUTION
STANFORD
UNIVERSITY
Touring Exhibition
Herbert Hoover Memorial
Exhibit Pavilion
(adjacent to Hoover Tower)
Nov. 30,2010 - Jan. 29,2011
Tues. through Sat. llam-4pm
www.hoover.org/hila
Council for the Protection
of the Memory of Struggle
and Martyrdom (Poland)
KORET
FOUNDATION
■Hfl
A
■
V
EI
Rada Ochrony
Walk
i M^czenstwa
HOOVER
INSTITUTION
STANFORD
UNIVERSITY
Touring Exhibition
Herbert Hoover Memorial
Exhibit Pavilion
(adjacent to Hoover Tower)
Nov. 30,2010 - Jan. 29,2011
Tues. through Sat. llam-4pm
www.hoover.org/hila
Council for the Protection
of the Memory of Struggle
and Martyrdom (Poland)
KORET
FOUNDATION
■Hfl
A
■
V
EI
Rada Ochrony
Walk
i M^czenstwa
HOOVER
INSTITUTION
STANFORD
UNIVERSITY
Touring Exhibition
Herbert Hoover Memorial
Exhibit Pavilion
(adjacent to Hoover Tower)
Nov. 30,2010 - Jan. 29,2011
Tues. through Sat. llam-4pm
www.hoover.org/hila
Council for the Protection
of the Memory of Struggle
and Martyrdom (Poland)
KORET
FOUNDATION
