# getting it right
## 
### 
Ihe name of the new organization for Latina o
students mentioned in yesterdav s editorial, "Stu
dent protests merit I'niversitv response." is actual
ly the Latina / o Student Union, not the Latin Stu
dent I nion.
Ihe name of the new organization for Latina o
students mentioned in yesterdav s editorial, "Stu
dent protests merit I'niversitv response." is actual
ly the Latina / o Student Union, not the Latin Stu
dent I nion.
Ihe name of the new organization for Latina o
students mentioned in yesterdav s editorial, "Stu
dent protests merit I'niversitv response." is actual
ly the Latina / o Student Union, not the Latin Stu
dent I nion.
Ihe name of the new organization for Latina o
students mentioned in yesterdav s editorial, "Stu
dent protests merit I'niversitv response." is actual
ly the Latina / o Student Union, not the Latin Stu
dent I nion.
Ihe name of the new organization for Latina o
students mentioned in yesterdav s editorial, "Stu
dent protests merit I'niversitv response." is actual
ly the Latina / o Student Union, not the Latin Stu
dent I nion.
Ihe name of the new organization for Latina o
students mentioned in yesterdav s editorial, "Stu
dent protests merit I'niversitv response." is actual
ly the Latina / o Student Union, not the Latin Stu
dent I nion.
Ihe name of the new organization for Latina o
students mentioned in yesterdav s editorial, "Stu
dent protests merit I'niversitv response." is actual
ly the Latina / o Student Union, not the Latin Stu
dent I nion.
