# ENGLISH CLASS WILL GIVE ONE-ACT PLAYS
## 
### 
A series of one-act plays is to be
given by the members of Miss Eliza
beth Buckingham's class in Vocal In
terpretation, English 19a, beginning
Thursday evening. The class has
chosen for itself the title of the
"dramatic work-shop" and it is the
purpose of the class in presenting
these plays to carry out the Little
Theater idea. The plays are being
given entirely by the members of the
class in order to develop individual
initiative and responsibility, the stu
dents acting as managers, producers
and directors.
On account of the difficulties in re
hearsing. shortness of time, and the
lack of properties, setting and cos
tume, the plays chosen are short or
one-act plays. In general the choice
of plays shows a tendency towards
tragedy and sombre situations, as con
sidered most worth-while by the class.
The plays range in intensity from J.
M. Barrie's "The Well Remembered
Voice," to the modern Spanish farce,
"By Their Words You Shall Know
Them," Serafin and Joaquin Alvarez
Quintero. The plays gill be given
Thursday, Friday and Saturday even
ings and the first part of the follow
ing week. Both the campus and Palo
Alto public are invited to attend.
A series of one-act plays is to be
given by the members of Miss Eliza
beth Buckingham's class in Vocal In
terpretation, English 19a, beginning
Thursday evening. The class has
chosen for itself the title of the
"dramatic work-shop" and it is the
purpose of the class in presenting
these plays to carry out the Little
Theater idea. The plays are being
given entirely by the members of the
class in order to develop individual
initiative and responsibility, the stu
dents acting as managers, producers
and directors.
On account of the difficulties in re
hearsing. shortness of time, and the
lack of properties, setting and cos
tume, the plays chosen are short or
one-act plays. In general the choice
of plays shows a tendency towards
tragedy and sombre situations, as con
sidered most worth-while by the class.
The plays range in intensity from J.
M. Barrie's "The Well Remembered
Voice," to the modern Spanish farce,
"By Their Words You Shall Know
Them," Serafin and Joaquin Alvarez
Quintero. The plays gill be given
Thursday, Friday and Saturday even
ings and the first part of the follow
ing week. Both the campus and Palo
Alto public are invited to attend.
A series of one-act plays is to be
given by the members of Miss Eliza
beth Buckingham's class in Vocal In
terpretation, English 19a, beginning
Thursday evening. The class has
chosen for itself the title of the
"dramatic work-shop" and it is the
purpose of the class in presenting
these plays to carry out the Little
Theater idea. The plays are being
given entirely by the members of the
class in order to develop individual
initiative and responsibility, the stu
dents acting as managers, producers
and directors.
On account of the difficulties in re
hearsing. shortness of time, and the
lack of properties, setting and cos
tume, the plays chosen are short or
one-act plays. In general the choice
of plays shows a tendency towards
tragedy and sombre situations, as con
sidered most worth-while by the class.
The plays range in intensity from J.
M. Barrie's "The Well Remembered
Voice," to the modern Spanish farce,
"By Their Words You Shall Know
Them," Serafin and Joaquin Alvarez
Quintero. The plays gill be given
Thursday, Friday and Saturday even
ings and the first part of the follow
ing week. Both the campus and Palo
Alto public are invited to attend.
A series of one-act plays is to be
given by the members of Miss Eliza
beth Buckingham's class in Vocal In
terpretation, English 19a, beginning
Thursday evening. The class has
chosen for itself the title of the
"dramatic work-shop" and it is the
purpose of the class in presenting
these plays to carry out the Little
Theater idea. The plays are being
given entirely by the members of the
class in order to develop individual
initiative and responsibility, the stu
dents acting as managers, producers
and directors.
On account of the difficulties in re
hearsing. shortness of time, and the
lack of properties, setting and cos
tume, the plays chosen are short or
one-act plays. In general the choice
of plays shows a tendency towards
tragedy and sombre situations, as con
sidered most worth-while by the class.
The plays range in intensity from J.
M. Barrie's "The Well Remembered
Voice," to the modern Spanish farce,
"By Their Words You Shall Know
Them," Serafin and Joaquin Alvarez
Quintero. The plays gill be given
Thursday, Friday and Saturday even
ings and the first part of the follow
ing week. Both the campus and Palo
Alto public are invited to attend.
A series of one-act plays is to be
given by the members of Miss Eliza
beth Buckingham's class in Vocal In
terpretation, English 19a, beginning
Thursday evening. The class has
chosen for itself the title of the
"dramatic work-shop" and it is the
purpose of the class in presenting
these plays to carry out the Little
Theater idea. The plays are being
given entirely by the members of the
class in order to develop individual
initiative and responsibility, the stu
dents acting as managers, producers
and directors.
On account of the difficulties in re
hearsing. shortness of time, and the
lack of properties, setting and cos
tume, the plays chosen are short or
one-act plays. In general the choice
of plays shows a tendency towards
tragedy and sombre situations, as con
sidered most worth-while by the class.
The plays range in intensity from J.
M. Barrie's "The Well Remembered
Voice," to the modern Spanish farce,
"By Their Words You Shall Know
Them," Serafin and Joaquin Alvarez
Quintero. The plays gill be given
Thursday, Friday and Saturday even
ings and the first part of the follow
ing week. Both the campus and Palo
Alto public are invited to attend.
A series of one-act plays is to be
given by the members of Miss Eliza
beth Buckingham's class in Vocal In
terpretation, English 19a, beginning
Thursday evening. The class has
chosen for itself the title of the
"dramatic work-shop" and it is the
purpose of the class in presenting
these plays to carry out the Little
Theater idea. The plays are being
given entirely by the members of the
class in order to develop individual
initiative and responsibility, the stu
dents acting as managers, producers
and directors.
On account of the difficulties in re
hearsing. shortness of time, and the
lack of properties, setting and cos
tume, the plays chosen are short or
one-act plays. In general the choice
of plays shows a tendency towards
tragedy and sombre situations, as con
sidered most worth-while by the class.
The plays range in intensity from J.
M. Barrie's "The Well Remembered
Voice," to the modern Spanish farce,
"By Their Words You Shall Know
Them," Serafin and Joaquin Alvarez
Quintero. The plays gill be given
Thursday, Friday and Saturday even
ings and the first part of the follow
ing week. Both the campus and Palo
Alto public are invited to attend.
A series of one-act plays is to be
given by the members of Miss Eliza
beth Buckingham's class in Vocal In
terpretation, English 19a, beginning
Thursday evening. The class has
chosen for itself the title of the
"dramatic work-shop" and it is the
purpose of the class in presenting
these plays to carry out the Little
Theater idea. The plays are being
given entirely by the members of the
class in order to develop individual
initiative and responsibility, the stu
dents acting as managers, producers
and directors.
On account of the difficulties in re
hearsing. shortness of time, and the
lack of properties, setting and cos
tume, the plays chosen are short or
one-act plays. In general the choice
of plays shows a tendency towards
tragedy and sombre situations, as con
sidered most worth-while by the class.
The plays range in intensity from J.
M. Barrie's "The Well Remembered
Voice," to the modern Spanish farce,
"By Their Words You Shall Know
Them," Serafin and Joaquin Alvarez
Quintero. The plays gill be given
Thursday, Friday and Saturday even
ings and the first part of the follow
ing week. Both the campus and Palo
Alto public are invited to attend.
A series of one-act plays is to be
given by the members of Miss Eliza
beth Buckingham's class in Vocal In
terpretation, English 19a, beginning
Thursday evening. The class has
chosen for itself the title of the
"dramatic work-shop" and it is the
purpose of the class in presenting
these plays to carry out the Little
Theater idea. The plays are being
given entirely by the members of the
class in order to develop individual
initiative and responsibility, the stu
dents acting as managers, producers
and directors.
On account of the difficulties in re
hearsing. shortness of time, and the
lack of properties, setting and cos
tume, the plays chosen are short or
one-act plays. In general the choice
of plays shows a tendency towards
tragedy and sombre situations, as con
sidered most worth-while by the class.
The plays range in intensity from J.
M. Barrie's "The Well Remembered
Voice," to the modern Spanish farce,
"By Their Words You Shall Know
Them," Serafin and Joaquin Alvarez
Quintero. The plays gill be given
Thursday, Friday and Saturday even
ings and the first part of the follow
ing week. Both the campus and Palo
Alto public are invited to attend.
A series of one-act plays is to be
given by the members of Miss Eliza
beth Buckingham's class in Vocal In
terpretation, English 19a, beginning
Thursday evening. The class has
chosen for itself the title of the
"dramatic work-shop" and it is the
purpose of the class in presenting
these plays to carry out the Little
Theater idea. The plays are being
given entirely by the members of the
class in order to develop individual
initiative and responsibility, the stu
dents acting as managers, producers
and directors.
On account of the difficulties in re
hearsing. shortness of time, and the
lack of properties, setting and cos
tume, the plays chosen are short or
one-act plays. In general the choice
of plays shows a tendency towards
tragedy and sombre situations, as con
sidered most worth-while by the class.
The plays range in intensity from J.
M. Barrie's "The Well Remembered
Voice," to the modern Spanish farce,
"By Their Words You Shall Know
Them," Serafin and Joaquin Alvarez
Quintero. The plays gill be given
Thursday, Friday and Saturday even
ings and the first part of the follow
ing week. Both the campus and Palo
Alto public are invited to attend.
A series of one-act plays is to be
given by the members of Miss Eliza
beth Buckingham's class in Vocal In
terpretation, English 19a, beginning
Thursday evening. The class has
chosen for itself the title of the
"dramatic work-shop" and it is the
purpose of the class in presenting
these plays to carry out the Little
Theater idea. The plays are being
given entirely by the members of the
class in order to develop individual
initiative and responsibility, the stu
dents acting as managers, producers
and directors.
On account of the difficulties in re
hearsing. shortness of time, and the
lack of properties, setting and cos
tume, the plays chosen are short or
one-act plays. In general the choice
of plays shows a tendency towards
tragedy and sombre situations, as con
sidered most worth-while by the class.
The plays range in intensity from J.
M. Barrie's "The Well Remembered
Voice," to the modern Spanish farce,
"By Their Words You Shall Know
Them," Serafin and Joaquin Alvarez
Quintero. The plays gill be given
Thursday, Friday and Saturday even
ings and the first part of the follow
ing week. Both the campus and Palo
Alto public are invited to attend.
A series of one-act plays is to be
given by the members of Miss Eliza
beth Buckingham's class in Vocal In
terpretation, English 19a, beginning
Thursday evening. The class has
chosen for itself the title of the
"dramatic work-shop" and it is the
purpose of the class in presenting
these plays to carry out the Little
Theater idea. The plays are being
given entirely by the members of the
class in order to develop individual
initiative and responsibility, the stu
dents acting as managers, producers
and directors.
On account of the difficulties in re
hearsing. shortness of time, and the
lack of properties, setting and cos
tume, the plays chosen are short or
one-act plays. In general the choice
of plays shows a tendency towards
tragedy and sombre situations, as con
sidered most worth-while by the class.
The plays range in intensity from J.
M. Barrie's "The Well Remembered
Voice," to the modern Spanish farce,
"By Their Words You Shall Know
Them," Serafin and Joaquin Alvarez
Quintero. The plays gill be given
Thursday, Friday and Saturday even
ings and the first part of the follow
ing week. Both the campus and Palo
Alto public are invited to attend.
A series of one-act plays is to be
given by the members of Miss Eliza
beth Buckingham's class in Vocal In
terpretation, English 19a, beginning
Thursday evening. The class has
chosen for itself the title of the
"dramatic work-shop" and it is the
purpose of the class in presenting
these plays to carry out the Little
Theater idea. The plays are being
given entirely by the members of the
class in order to develop individual
initiative and responsibility, the stu
dents acting as managers, producers
and directors.
On account of the difficulties in re
hearsing. shortness of time, and the
lack of properties, setting and cos
tume, the plays chosen are short or
one-act plays. In general the choice
of plays shows a tendency towards
tragedy and sombre situations, as con
sidered most worth-while by the class.
The plays range in intensity from J.
M. Barrie's "The Well Remembered
Voice," to the modern Spanish farce,
"By Their Words You Shall Know
Them," Serafin and Joaquin Alvarez
Quintero. The plays gill be given
Thursday, Friday and Saturday even
ings and the first part of the follow
ing week. Both the campus and Palo
Alto public are invited to attend.
A series of one-act plays is to be
given by the members of Miss Eliza
beth Buckingham's class in Vocal In
terpretation, English 19a, beginning
Thursday evening. The class has
chosen for itself the title of the
"dramatic work-shop" and it is the
purpose of the class in presenting
these plays to carry out the Little
Theater idea. The plays are being
given entirely by the members of the
class in order to develop individual
initiative and responsibility, the stu
dents acting as managers, producers
and directors.
On account of the difficulties in re
hearsing. shortness of time, and the
lack of properties, setting and cos
tume, the plays chosen are short or
one-act plays. In general the choice
of plays shows a tendency towards
tragedy and sombre situations, as con
sidered most worth-while by the class.
The plays range in intensity from J.
M. Barrie's "The Well Remembered
Voice," to the modern Spanish farce,
"By Their Words You Shall Know
Them," Serafin and Joaquin Alvarez
Quintero. The plays gill be given
Thursday, Friday and Saturday even
ings and the first part of the follow
ing week. Both the campus and Palo
Alto public are invited to attend.
