# CALIFORNIA BABES ARE DEFEATED IN WATER POLO GAME
## 
### 
Stanford freshmen won the intercol
legiate water polo honors with Califor
nia, when they defeated the U. C. babes
by the score of 4-3, in a hard-fought
game Saturday afternoon in the En
cina pool.
It was anybody's victory until the last
few minutes, when the Stanford for
wards put over the necessary goal to
win. Webster and Austin scored all of
the freshmen's points and played an ex
ceptionally fast game in the forward
positions, supported by Mattox. De
Groot starred for the locals by his de
fensive work at goal. Only three shots
were made out of twenty attempts.
Frost, Welsh, and Riehe played the back
jobs in good style., with MacConnell
substituting.
At the end of the first half the U. C.
freshmen were ahead by the score of
1-0. The Stanford babes came back,
however, and with superior team work
took the game. This was the only wa
ter polo contest of the season between
Stanford and California.
