# Four Teams Remain in Tournament.
## 
### 
Four of the fifteen teams which en
tered the mixed doubles tennis tour
nament have reached the semi-final
round. R. L. Murray, *13, and Miss
Mary Gard, '15, will meet V. L. Shel
don, '15, and Miss Joyce Waud, '14,
while F. S. Pratt, '13, and Miss Elsie
Parker. '12, will play H. S: Chapman,
'H», and Miss Maud Lowell 'lti. The
two winning teams are to fight it out
for championship at 2:30 Sunday af
ternoon.
Four of the fifteen teams which en
tered the mixed doubles tennis tour
nament have reached the semi-final
round. R. L. Murray, *13, and Miss
Mary Gard, '15, will meet V. L. Shel
don, '15, and Miss Joyce Waud, '14,
while F. S. Pratt, '13, and Miss Elsie
Parker. '12, will play H. S: Chapman,
'H», and Miss Maud Lowell 'lti. The
two winning teams are to fight it out
for championship at 2:30 Sunday af
ternoon.
Four of the fifteen teams which en
tered the mixed doubles tennis tour
nament have reached the semi-final
round. R. L. Murray, *13, and Miss
Mary Gard, '15, will meet V. L. Shel
don, '15, and Miss Joyce Waud, '14,
while F. S. Pratt, '13, and Miss Elsie
Parker. '12, will play H. S: Chapman,
'H», and Miss Maud Lowell 'lti. The
two winning teams are to fight it out
for championship at 2:30 Sunday af
ternoon.
Four of the fifteen teams which en
tered the mixed doubles tennis tour
nament have reached the semi-final
round. R. L. Murray, *13, and Miss
Mary Gard, '15, will meet V. L. Shel
don, '15, and Miss Joyce Waud, '14,
while F. S. Pratt, '13, and Miss Elsie
Parker. '12, will play H. S: Chapman,
'H», and Miss Maud Lowell 'lti. The
two winning teams are to fight it out
for championship at 2:30 Sunday af
ternoon.
Four of the fifteen teams which en
tered the mixed doubles tennis tour
nament have reached the semi-final
round. R. L. Murray, *13, and Miss
Mary Gard, '15, will meet V. L. Shel
don, '15, and Miss Joyce Waud, '14,
while F. S. Pratt, '13, and Miss Elsie
Parker. '12, will play H. S: Chapman,
'H», and Miss Maud Lowell 'lti. The
two winning teams are to fight it out
for championship at 2:30 Sunday af
ternoon.
Four of the fifteen teams which en
tered the mixed doubles tennis tour
nament have reached the semi-final
round. R. L. Murray, *13, and Miss
Mary Gard, '15, will meet V. L. Shel
don, '15, and Miss Joyce Waud, '14,
while F. S. Pratt, '13, and Miss Elsie
Parker. '12, will play H. S: Chapman,
'H», and Miss Maud Lowell 'lti. The
two winning teams are to fight it out
for championship at 2:30 Sunday af
ternoon.
Four of the fifteen teams which en
tered the mixed doubles tennis tour
nament have reached the semi-final
round. R. L. Murray, *13, and Miss
Mary Gard, '15, will meet V. L. Shel
don, '15, and Miss Joyce Waud, '14,
while F. S. Pratt, '13, and Miss Elsie
Parker. '12, will play H. S: Chapman,
'H», and Miss Maud Lowell 'lti. The
two winning teams are to fight it out
for championship at 2:30 Sunday af
ternoon.
Four of the fifteen teams which en
tered the mixed doubles tennis tour
nament have reached the semi-final
round. R. L. Murray, *13, and Miss
Mary Gard, '15, will meet V. L. Shel
don, '15, and Miss Joyce Waud, '14,
while F. S. Pratt, '13, and Miss Elsie
Parker. '12, will play H. S: Chapman,
'H», and Miss Maud Lowell 'lti. The
two winning teams are to fight it out
for championship at 2:30 Sunday af
ternoon.
Four of the fifteen teams which en
tered the mixed doubles tennis tour
nament have reached the semi-final
round. R. L. Murray, *13, and Miss
Mary Gard, '15, will meet V. L. Shel
don, '15, and Miss Joyce Waud, '14,
while F. S. Pratt, '13, and Miss Elsie
Parker. '12, will play H. S: Chapman,
'H», and Miss Maud Lowell 'lti. The
two winning teams are to fight it out
for championship at 2:30 Sunday af
ternoon.
Four of the fifteen teams which en
tered the mixed doubles tennis tour
nament have reached the semi-final
round. R. L. Murray, *13, and Miss
Mary Gard, '15, will meet V. L. Shel
don, '15, and Miss Joyce Waud, '14,
while F. S. Pratt, '13, and Miss Elsie
Parker. '12, will play H. S: Chapman,
'H», and Miss Maud Lowell 'lti. The
two winning teams are to fight it out
for championship at 2:30 Sunday af
ternoon.
Four of the fifteen teams which en
tered the mixed doubles tennis tour
nament have reached the semi-final
round. R. L. Murray, *13, and Miss
Mary Gard, '15, will meet V. L. Shel
don, '15, and Miss Joyce Waud, '14,
while F. S. Pratt, '13, and Miss Elsie
Parker. '12, will play H. S: Chapman,
'H», and Miss Maud Lowell 'lti. The
two winning teams are to fight it out
for championship at 2:30 Sunday af
ternoon.
Four of the fifteen teams which en
tered the mixed doubles tennis tour
nament have reached the semi-final
round. R. L. Murray, *13, and Miss
Mary Gard, '15, will meet V. L. Shel
don, '15, and Miss Joyce Waud, '14,
while F. S. Pratt, '13, and Miss Elsie
Parker. '12, will play H. S: Chapman,
'H», and Miss Maud Lowell 'lti. The
two winning teams are to fight it out
for championship at 2:30 Sunday af
ternoon.
Four of the fifteen teams which en
tered the mixed doubles tennis tour
nament have reached the semi-final
round. R. L. Murray, *13, and Miss
Mary Gard, '15, will meet V. L. Shel
don, '15, and Miss Joyce Waud, '14,
while F. S. Pratt, '13, and Miss Elsie
Parker. '12, will play H. S: Chapman,
'H», and Miss Maud Lowell 'lti. The
two winning teams are to fight it out
for championship at 2:30 Sunday af
ternoon.
Four of the fifteen teams which en
tered the mixed doubles tennis tour
nament have reached the semi-final
round. R. L. Murray, *13, and Miss
Mary Gard, '15, will meet V. L. Shel
don, '15, and Miss Joyce Waud, '14,
while F. S. Pratt, '13, and Miss Elsie
Parker. '12, will play H. S: Chapman,
'H», and Miss Maud Lowell 'lti. The
two winning teams are to fight it out
for championship at 2:30 Sunday af
ternoon.
