# SOCCER ELEVEN MEETS PASTIME MEN TOMORROW.
## 
### 
Stanford vs. Pastimes. This is the
soccer schedule for Saturday after
neon on the turf field. The game to
morrow is the most important one in
which the varsity eleven has appeared
this semester. If the Pastimes, which
are one of the best aggregations of
players in the California Football
league are defeated the position at the
head of the league will he jointly oc
cupied by the Hums team and the Pas
times. Stanford is now inthird place.
The visitors present a strong line up
and expect to win.
.T. Lemon of San Francisco is to
referee the contest. The teams are to
line up as follows: Stanford —Hut-
cher, goal: Hlodget, Steinhart, full
backs:. Price, Wyant. Hums, half
backs; Pratt, A. Erb, H. Frb. Higgins,
Pellas, forwards. Pastimes —Crowley,
.■roal: Dewhurst, Simpson, full backs:
.lames, Harris. McKiernon. half backs:
Pike Halmair. Smith, Aitken. Walters,
forwards.
Stanford vs. Pastimes. This is the
soccer schedule for Saturday after
neon on the turf field. The game to
morrow is the most important one in
which the varsity eleven has appeared
this semester. If the Pastimes, which
are one of the best aggregations of
players in the California Football
league are defeated the position at the
head of the league will he jointly oc
cupied by the Hums team and the Pas
times. Stanford is now inthird place.
The visitors present a strong line up
and expect to win.
.T. Lemon of San Francisco is to
referee the contest. The teams are to
line up as follows: Stanford —Hut-
cher, goal: Hlodget, Steinhart, full
backs:. Price, Wyant. Hums, half
backs; Pratt, A. Erb, H. Frb. Higgins,
Pellas, forwards. Pastimes —Crowley,
.■roal: Dewhurst, Simpson, full backs:
.lames, Harris. McKiernon. half backs:
Pike Halmair. Smith, Aitken. Walters,
forwards.
Stanford vs. Pastimes. This is the
soccer schedule for Saturday after
neon on the turf field. The game to
morrow is the most important one in
which the varsity eleven has appeared
this semester. If the Pastimes, which
are one of the best aggregations of
players in the California Football
league are defeated the position at the
head of the league will he jointly oc
cupied by the Hums team and the Pas
times. Stanford is now inthird place.
The visitors present a strong line up
and expect to win.
.T. Lemon of San Francisco is to
referee the contest. The teams are to
line up as follows: Stanford —Hut-
cher, goal: Hlodget, Steinhart, full
backs:. Price, Wyant. Hums, half
backs; Pratt, A. Erb, H. Frb. Higgins,
Pellas, forwards. Pastimes —Crowley,
.■roal: Dewhurst, Simpson, full backs:
.lames, Harris. McKiernon. half backs:
Pike Halmair. Smith, Aitken. Walters,
forwards.
Stanford vs. Pastimes. This is the
soccer schedule for Saturday after
neon on the turf field. The game to
morrow is the most important one in
which the varsity eleven has appeared
this semester. If the Pastimes, which
are one of the best aggregations of
players in the California Football
league are defeated the position at the
head of the league will he jointly oc
cupied by the Hums team and the Pas
times. Stanford is now inthird place.
The visitors present a strong line up
and expect to win.
.T. Lemon of San Francisco is to
referee the contest. The teams are to
line up as follows: Stanford —Hut-
cher, goal: Hlodget, Steinhart, full
backs:. Price, Wyant. Hums, half
backs; Pratt, A. Erb, H. Frb. Higgins,
Pellas, forwards. Pastimes —Crowley,
.■roal: Dewhurst, Simpson, full backs:
.lames, Harris. McKiernon. half backs:
Pike Halmair. Smith, Aitken. Walters,
forwards.
Stanford vs. Pastimes. This is the
soccer schedule for Saturday after
neon on the turf field. The game to
morrow is the most important one in
which the varsity eleven has appeared
this semester. If the Pastimes, which
are one of the best aggregations of
players in the California Football
league are defeated the position at the
head of the league will he jointly oc
cupied by the Hums team and the Pas
times. Stanford is now inthird place.
The visitors present a strong line up
and expect to win.
.T. Lemon of San Francisco is to
referee the contest. The teams are to
line up as follows: Stanford —Hut-
cher, goal: Hlodget, Steinhart, full
backs:. Price, Wyant. Hums, half
backs; Pratt, A. Erb, H. Frb. Higgins,
Pellas, forwards. Pastimes —Crowley,
.■roal: Dewhurst, Simpson, full backs:
.lames, Harris. McKiernon. half backs:
Pike Halmair. Smith, Aitken. Walters,
forwards.
Stanford vs. Pastimes. This is the
soccer schedule for Saturday after
neon on the turf field. The game to
morrow is the most important one in
which the varsity eleven has appeared
this semester. If the Pastimes, which
are one of the best aggregations of
players in the California Football
league are defeated the position at the
head of the league will he jointly oc
cupied by the Hums team and the Pas
times. Stanford is now inthird place.
The visitors present a strong line up
and expect to win.
.T. Lemon of San Francisco is to
referee the contest. The teams are to
line up as follows: Stanford —Hut-
cher, goal: Hlodget, Steinhart, full
backs:. Price, Wyant. Hums, half
backs; Pratt, A. Erb, H. Frb. Higgins,
Pellas, forwards. Pastimes —Crowley,
.■roal: Dewhurst, Simpson, full backs:
.lames, Harris. McKiernon. half backs:
Pike Halmair. Smith, Aitken. Walters,
forwards.
Stanford vs. Pastimes. This is the
soccer schedule for Saturday after
neon on the turf field. The game to
morrow is the most important one in
which the varsity eleven has appeared
this semester. If the Pastimes, which
are one of the best aggregations of
players in the California Football
league are defeated the position at the
head of the league will he jointly oc
cupied by the Hums team and the Pas
times. Stanford is now inthird place.
The visitors present a strong line up
and expect to win.
.T. Lemon of San Francisco is to
referee the contest. The teams are to
line up as follows: Stanford —Hut-
cher, goal: Hlodget, Steinhart, full
backs:. Price, Wyant. Hums, half
backs; Pratt, A. Erb, H. Frb. Higgins,
Pellas, forwards. Pastimes —Crowley,
.■roal: Dewhurst, Simpson, full backs:
.lames, Harris. McKiernon. half backs:
Pike Halmair. Smith, Aitken. Walters,
forwards.
Stanford vs. Pastimes. This is the
soccer schedule for Saturday after
neon on the turf field. The game to
morrow is the most important one in
which the varsity eleven has appeared
this semester. If the Pastimes, which
are one of the best aggregations of
players in the California Football
league are defeated the position at the
head of the league will he jointly oc
cupied by the Hums team and the Pas
times. Stanford is now inthird place.
The visitors present a strong line up
and expect to win.
.T. Lemon of San Francisco is to
referee the contest. The teams are to
line up as follows: Stanford —Hut-
cher, goal: Hlodget, Steinhart, full
backs:. Price, Wyant. Hums, half
backs; Pratt, A. Erb, H. Frb. Higgins,
Pellas, forwards. Pastimes —Crowley,
.■roal: Dewhurst, Simpson, full backs:
.lames, Harris. McKiernon. half backs:
Pike Halmair. Smith, Aitken. Walters,
forwards.
Stanford vs. Pastimes. This is the
soccer schedule for Saturday after
neon on the turf field. The game to
morrow is the most important one in
which the varsity eleven has appeared
this semester. If the Pastimes, which
are one of the best aggregations of
players in the California Football
league are defeated the position at the
head of the league will he jointly oc
cupied by the Hums team and the Pas
times. Stanford is now inthird place.
The visitors present a strong line up
and expect to win.
.T. Lemon of San Francisco is to
referee the contest. The teams are to
line up as follows: Stanford —Hut-
cher, goal: Hlodget, Steinhart, full
backs:. Price, Wyant. Hums, half
backs; Pratt, A. Erb, H. Frb. Higgins,
Pellas, forwards. Pastimes —Crowley,
.■roal: Dewhurst, Simpson, full backs:
.lames, Harris. McKiernon. half backs:
Pike Halmair. Smith, Aitken. Walters,
forwards.
Stanford vs. Pastimes. This is the
soccer schedule for Saturday after
neon on the turf field. The game to
morrow is the most important one in
which the varsity eleven has appeared
this semester. If the Pastimes, which
are one of the best aggregations of
players in the California Football
league are defeated the position at the
head of the league will he jointly oc
cupied by the Hums team and the Pas
times. Stanford is now inthird place.
The visitors present a strong line up
and expect to win.
.T. Lemon of San Francisco is to
referee the contest. The teams are to
line up as follows: Stanford —Hut-
cher, goal: Hlodget, Steinhart, full
backs:. Price, Wyant. Hums, half
backs; Pratt, A. Erb, H. Frb. Higgins,
Pellas, forwards. Pastimes —Crowley,
.■roal: Dewhurst, Simpson, full backs:
.lames, Harris. McKiernon. half backs:
Pike Halmair. Smith, Aitken. Walters,
forwards.
Stanford vs. Pastimes. This is the
soccer schedule for Saturday after
neon on the turf field. The game to
morrow is the most important one in
which the varsity eleven has appeared
this semester. If the Pastimes, which
are one of the best aggregations of
players in the California Football
league are defeated the position at the
head of the league will he jointly oc
cupied by the Hums team and the Pas
times. Stanford is now inthird place.
The visitors present a strong line up
and expect to win.
.T. Lemon of San Francisco is to
referee the contest. The teams are to
line up as follows: Stanford —Hut-
cher, goal: Hlodget, Steinhart, full
backs:. Price, Wyant. Hums, half
backs; Pratt, A. Erb, H. Frb. Higgins,
Pellas, forwards. Pastimes —Crowley,
.■roal: Dewhurst, Simpson, full backs:
.lames, Harris. McKiernon. half backs:
Pike Halmair. Smith, Aitken. Walters,
forwards.
Stanford vs. Pastimes. This is the
soccer schedule for Saturday after
neon on the turf field. The game to
morrow is the most important one in
which the varsity eleven has appeared
this semester. If the Pastimes, which
are one of the best aggregations of
players in the California Football
league are defeated the position at the
head of the league will he jointly oc
cupied by the Hums team and the Pas
times. Stanford is now inthird place.
The visitors present a strong line up
and expect to win.
.T. Lemon of San Francisco is to
referee the contest. The teams are to
line up as follows: Stanford —Hut-
cher, goal: Hlodget, Steinhart, full
backs:. Price, Wyant. Hums, half
backs; Pratt, A. Erb, H. Frb. Higgins,
Pellas, forwards. Pastimes —Crowley,
.■roal: Dewhurst, Simpson, full backs:
.lames, Harris. McKiernon. half backs:
Pike Halmair. Smith, Aitken. Walters,
forwards.
Stanford vs. Pastimes. This is the
soccer schedule for Saturday after
neon on the turf field. The game to
morrow is the most important one in
which the varsity eleven has appeared
this semester. If the Pastimes, which
are one of the best aggregations of
players in the California Football
league are defeated the position at the
head of the league will he jointly oc
cupied by the Hums team and the Pas
times. Stanford is now inthird place.
The visitors present a strong line up
and expect to win.
.T. Lemon of San Francisco is to
referee the contest. The teams are to
line up as follows: Stanford —Hut-
cher, goal: Hlodget, Steinhart, full
backs:. Price, Wyant. Hums, half
backs; Pratt, A. Erb, H. Frb. Higgins,
Pellas, forwards. Pastimes —Crowley,
.■roal: Dewhurst, Simpson, full backs:
.lames, Harris. McKiernon. half backs:
Pike Halmair. Smith, Aitken. Walters,
forwards.
Stanford vs. Pastimes. This is the
soccer schedule for Saturday after
neon on the turf field. The game to
morrow is the most important one in
which the varsity eleven has appeared
this semester. If the Pastimes, which
are one of the best aggregations of
players in the California Football
league are defeated the position at the
head of the league will he jointly oc
cupied by the Hums team and the Pas
times. Stanford is now inthird place.
The visitors present a strong line up
and expect to win.
.T. Lemon of San Francisco is to
referee the contest. The teams are to
line up as follows: Stanford —Hut-
cher, goal: Hlodget, Steinhart, full
backs:. Price, Wyant. Hums, half
backs; Pratt, A. Erb, H. Frb. Higgins,
Pellas, forwards. Pastimes —Crowley,
.■roal: Dewhurst, Simpson, full backs:
.lames, Harris. McKiernon. half backs:
Pike Halmair. Smith, Aitken. Walters,
forwards.
