# Economics Prizes Te Be Given.
## 
### 
With the desire to arouse inter
eat in the study of topics relating
to commerce and industry, and to
stimulate people to consider the
problems of a business oareer, a
committee composed of men who rep
resent a number of the greatest uni
versities of the United States has
been enabled, through the generosity
of Messrs. Hart, Schaffner & Marx,
of Chicago, to offer in 1909, prizes
for the best, essays dealing with
subjects on commerce and industry.
These subjects are placed under two
general heads, but any competitor
desiring another subject must first
have it approved by the committee.
The prizes range from six hundred
dollars to two hundred dollars. Any
one interested in this competition
can find all necessary information,
including a long list of subjects on
the bulletin board in the Economics
department.
