# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
Give your shoes a new lease
on life—our expert shoe re- \
building service will do won
ders for your foot w ear.
Prompt service — reasonable
prices.
CAMPUS SHOE
SHOP AND
SHINE
TAKE HER OUT TO
BERTRANDS
OAKWOOD SNN
FOR A DELIGHTFUL
FRENCH DINNER
50c & 75c
75 Middleficld Road
Phone P.A. 7446
Give your shoes a new lease
on life—our expert shoe re- \
building service will do won
ders for your foot w ear.
Prompt service — reasonable
prices.
CAMPUS SHOE
SHOP AND
SHINE
TAKE HER OUT TO
BERTRANDS
OAKWOOD SNN
FOR A DELIGHTFUL
FRENCH DINNER
50c & 75c
75 Middleficld Road
Phone P.A. 7446
Give your shoes a new lease
on life—our expert shoe re- \
building service will do won
ders for your foot w ear.
Prompt service — reasonable
prices.
CAMPUS SHOE
SHOP AND
SHINE
TAKE HER OUT TO
BERTRANDS
OAKWOOD SNN
FOR A DELIGHTFUL
FRENCH DINNER
50c & 75c
75 Middleficld Road
Phone P.A. 7446
Give your shoes a new lease
on life—our expert shoe re- \
building service will do won
ders for your foot w ear.
Prompt service — reasonable
prices.
CAMPUS SHOE
SHOP AND
SHINE
TAKE HER OUT TO
BERTRANDS
OAKWOOD SNN
FOR A DELIGHTFUL
FRENCH DINNER
50c & 75c
75 Middleficld Road
Phone P.A. 7446
Give your shoes a new lease
on life—our expert shoe re- \
building service will do won
ders for your foot w ear.
Prompt service — reasonable
prices.
CAMPUS SHOE
SHOP AND
SHINE
TAKE HER OUT TO
BERTRANDS
OAKWOOD SNN
FOR A DELIGHTFUL
FRENCH DINNER
50c & 75c
75 Middleficld Road
Phone P.A. 7446
Give your shoes a new lease
on life—our expert shoe re- \
building service will do won
ders for your foot w ear.
Prompt service — reasonable
prices.
CAMPUS SHOE
SHOP AND
SHINE
TAKE HER OUT TO
BERTRANDS
OAKWOOD SNN
FOR A DELIGHTFUL
FRENCH DINNER
50c & 75c
75 Middleficld Road
Phone P.A. 7446
Give your shoes a new lease
on life—our expert shoe re- \
building service will do won
ders for your foot w ear.
Prompt service — reasonable
prices.
CAMPUS SHOE
SHOP AND
SHINE
TAKE HER OUT TO
BERTRANDS
OAKWOOD SNN
FOR A DELIGHTFUL
FRENCH DINNER
50c & 75c
75 Middleficld Road
Phone P.A. 7446
Give your shoes a new lease
on life—our expert shoe re- \
building service will do won
ders for your foot w ear.
Prompt service — reasonable
prices.
CAMPUS SHOE
SHOP AND
SHINE
TAKE HER OUT TO
BERTRANDS
OAKWOOD SNN
FOR A DELIGHTFUL
FRENCH DINNER
50c & 75c
75 Middleficld Road
Phone P.A. 7446
Give your shoes a new lease
on life—our expert shoe re- \
building service will do won
ders for your foot w ear.
Prompt service — reasonable
prices.
CAMPUS SHOE
SHOP AND
SHINE
TAKE HER OUT TO
BERTRANDS
OAKWOOD SNN
FOR A DELIGHTFUL
FRENCH DINNER
50c & 75c
75 Middleficld Road
Phone P.A. 7446
Give your shoes a new lease
on life—our expert shoe re- \
building service will do won
ders for your foot w ear.
Prompt service — reasonable
prices.
CAMPUS SHOE
SHOP AND
SHINE
TAKE HER OUT TO
BERTRANDS
OAKWOOD SNN
FOR A DELIGHTFUL
FRENCH DINNER
50c & 75c
75 Middleficld Road
Phone P.A. 7446
Give your shoes a new lease
on life—our expert shoe re- \
building service will do won
ders for your foot w ear.
Prompt service — reasonable
prices.
CAMPUS SHOE
SHOP AND
SHINE
TAKE HER OUT TO
BERTRANDS
OAKWOOD SNN
FOR A DELIGHTFUL
FRENCH DINNER
50c & 75c
75 Middleficld Road
Phone P.A. 7446
Give your shoes a new lease
on life—our expert shoe re- \
building service will do won
ders for your foot w ear.
Prompt service — reasonable
prices.
CAMPUS SHOE
SHOP AND
SHINE
TAKE HER OUT TO
BERTRANDS
OAKWOOD SNN
FOR A DELIGHTFUL
FRENCH DINNER
50c & 75c
75 Middleficld Road
Phone P.A. 7446
Give your shoes a new lease
on life—our expert shoe re- \
building service will do won
ders for your foot w ear.
Prompt service — reasonable
prices.
CAMPUS SHOE
SHOP AND
SHINE
TAKE HER OUT TO
BERTRANDS
OAKWOOD SNN
FOR A DELIGHTFUL
FRENCH DINNER
50c & 75c
75 Middleficld Road
Phone P.A. 7446
Give your shoes a new lease
on life—our expert shoe re- \
building service will do won
ders for your foot w ear.
Prompt service — reasonable
prices.
CAMPUS SHOE
SHOP AND
SHINE
TAKE HER OUT TO
BERTRANDS
OAKWOOD SNN
FOR A DELIGHTFUL
FRENCH DINNER
50c & 75c
75 Middleficld Road
Phone P.A. 7446
Give your shoes a new lease
on life—our expert shoe re- \
building service will do won
ders for your foot w ear.
Prompt service — reasonable
prices.
CAMPUS SHOE
SHOP AND
SHINE
TAKE HER OUT TO
BERTRANDS
OAKWOOD SNN
FOR A DELIGHTFUL
FRENCH DINNER
50c & 75c
75 Middleficld Road
Phone P.A. 7446
