# INFORMAL DANCE
## 
### 
Saturday evening from 9 to 12
there will be informal dancing at
the Women's Clubhouse sponsored
by the Union women. All men on
the campus arc invited to come.
Saturday evening from 9 to 12
there will be informal dancing at
the Women's Clubhouse sponsored
by the Union women. All men on
the campus arc invited to come.
Saturday evening from 9 to 12
there will be informal dancing at
the Women's Clubhouse sponsored
by the Union women. All men on
the campus arc invited to come.
Saturday evening from 9 to 12
there will be informal dancing at
the Women's Clubhouse sponsored
by the Union women. All men on
the campus arc invited to come.
Saturday evening from 9 to 12
there will be informal dancing at
the Women's Clubhouse sponsored
by the Union women. All men on
the campus arc invited to come.
Saturday evening from 9 to 12
there will be informal dancing at
the Women's Clubhouse sponsored
by the Union women. All men on
the campus arc invited to come.
Saturday evening from 9 to 12
there will be informal dancing at
the Women's Clubhouse sponsored
by the Union women. All men on
the campus arc invited to come.
Saturday evening from 9 to 12
there will be informal dancing at
the Women's Clubhouse sponsored
by the Union women. All men on
the campus arc invited to come.
Saturday evening from 9 to 12
there will be informal dancing at
the Women's Clubhouse sponsored
by the Union women. All men on
the campus arc invited to come.
Saturday evening from 9 to 12
there will be informal dancing at
the Women's Clubhouse sponsored
by the Union women. All men on
the campus arc invited to come.
Saturday evening from 9 to 12
there will be informal dancing at
the Women's Clubhouse sponsored
by the Union women. All men on
the campus arc invited to come.
Saturday evening from 9 to 12
there will be informal dancing at
the Women's Clubhouse sponsored
by the Union women. All men on
the campus arc invited to come.
Saturday evening from 9 to 12
there will be informal dancing at
the Women's Clubhouse sponsored
by the Union women. All men on
the campus arc invited to come.
Saturday evening from 9 to 12
there will be informal dancing at
the Women's Clubhouse sponsored
by the Union women. All men on
the campus arc invited to come.
Saturday evening from 9 to 12
there will be informal dancing at
the Women's Clubhouse sponsored
by the Union women. All men on
the campus arc invited to come.
