# DENOUNCES NRA
## 
### 

Milo Reno, of Des Moines, lowa, president of the Farmers' Holiday
Association and leader of the farmers' strike last summer, addressing a
mass meeting of the Farmer Labor Political Federation in New York. He
assailed the administration's recovery measures and denounced the NRA.

Milo Reno, of Des Moines, lowa, president of the Farmers' Holiday
Association and leader of the farmers' strike last summer, addressing a
mass meeting of the Farmer Labor Political Federation in New York. He
assailed the administration's recovery measures and denounced the NRA.

Milo Reno, of Des Moines, lowa, president of the Farmers' Holiday
Association and leader of the farmers' strike last summer, addressing a
mass meeting of the Farmer Labor Political Federation in New York. He
assailed the administration's recovery measures and denounced the NRA.

Milo Reno, of Des Moines, lowa, president of the Farmers' Holiday
Association and leader of the farmers' strike last summer, addressing a
mass meeting of the Farmer Labor Political Federation in New York. He
assailed the administration's recovery measures and denounced the NRA.

Milo Reno, of Des Moines, lowa, president of the Farmers' Holiday
Association and leader of the farmers' strike last summer, addressing a
mass meeting of the Farmer Labor Political Federation in New York. He
assailed the administration's recovery measures and denounced the NRA.

Milo Reno, of Des Moines, lowa, president of the Farmers' Holiday
Association and leader of the farmers' strike last summer, addressing a
mass meeting of the Farmer Labor Political Federation in New York. He
assailed the administration's recovery measures and denounced the NRA.

Milo Reno, of Des Moines, lowa, president of the Farmers' Holiday
Association and leader of the farmers' strike last summer, addressing a
mass meeting of the Farmer Labor Political Federation in New York. He
assailed the administration's recovery measures and denounced the NRA.

Milo Reno, of Des Moines, lowa, president of the Farmers' Holiday
Association and leader of the farmers' strike last summer, addressing a
mass meeting of the Farmer Labor Political Federation in New York. He
assailed the administration's recovery measures and denounced the NRA.

Milo Reno, of Des Moines, lowa, president of the Farmers' Holiday
Association and leader of the farmers' strike last summer, addressing a
mass meeting of the Farmer Labor Political Federation in New York. He
assailed the administration's recovery measures and denounced the NRA.

Milo Reno, of Des Moines, lowa, president of the Farmers' Holiday
Association and leader of the farmers' strike last summer, addressing a
mass meeting of the Farmer Labor Political Federation in New York. He
assailed the administration's recovery measures and denounced the NRA.

Milo Reno, of Des Moines, lowa, president of the Farmers' Holiday
Association and leader of the farmers' strike last summer, addressing a
mass meeting of the Farmer Labor Political Federation in New York. He
assailed the administration's recovery measures and denounced the NRA.

Milo Reno, of Des Moines, lowa, president of the Farmers' Holiday
Association and leader of the farmers' strike last summer, addressing a
mass meeting of the Farmer Labor Political Federation in New York. He
assailed the administration's recovery measures and denounced the NRA.

Milo Reno, of Des Moines, lowa, president of the Farmers' Holiday
Association and leader of the farmers' strike last summer, addressing a
mass meeting of the Farmer Labor Political Federation in New York. He
assailed the administration's recovery measures and denounced the NRA.

Milo Reno, of Des Moines, lowa, president of the Farmers' Holiday
Association and leader of the farmers' strike last summer, addressing a
mass meeting of the Farmer Labor Political Federation in New York. He
assailed the administration's recovery measures and denounced the NRA.

Milo Reno, of Des Moines, lowa, president of the Farmers' Holiday
Association and leader of the farmers' strike last summer, addressing a
mass meeting of the Farmer Labor Political Federation in New York. He
assailed the administration's recovery measures and denounced the NRA.
