# WRECKAGE IN WAKE OF PENSACOLA TORNADO
## 
### 

A view of one of the dwell
ings demolished by the recent
tornado that struck Pensacola,

Fla., causing injury to more
than a score of persons, doing
damage estimated at $100,000,

and leaving many families
homeless.

A view of one of the dwell
ings demolished by the recent
tornado that struck Pensacola,

Fla., causing injury to more
than a score of persons, doing
damage estimated at $100,000,

and leaving many families
homeless.

A view of one of the dwell
ings demolished by the recent
tornado that struck Pensacola,

Fla., causing injury to more
than a score of persons, doing
damage estimated at $100,000,

and leaving many families
homeless.

A view of one of the dwell
ings demolished by the recent
tornado that struck Pensacola,

Fla., causing injury to more
than a score of persons, doing
damage estimated at $100,000,

and leaving many families
homeless.

A view of one of the dwell
ings demolished by the recent
tornado that struck Pensacola,

Fla., causing injury to more
than a score of persons, doing
damage estimated at $100,000,

and leaving many families
homeless.

A view of one of the dwell
ings demolished by the recent
tornado that struck Pensacola,

Fla., causing injury to more
than a score of persons, doing
damage estimated at $100,000,

and leaving many families
homeless.

A view of one of the dwell
ings demolished by the recent
tornado that struck Pensacola,

Fla., causing injury to more
than a score of persons, doing
damage estimated at $100,000,

and leaving many families
homeless.

A view of one of the dwell
ings demolished by the recent
tornado that struck Pensacola,

Fla., causing injury to more
than a score of persons, doing
damage estimated at $100,000,

and leaving many families
homeless.

A view of one of the dwell
ings demolished by the recent
tornado that struck Pensacola,

Fla., causing injury to more
than a score of persons, doing
damage estimated at $100,000,

and leaving many families
homeless.

A view of one of the dwell
ings demolished by the recent
tornado that struck Pensacola,

Fla., causing injury to more
than a score of persons, doing
damage estimated at $100,000,

and leaving many families
homeless.

A view of one of the dwell
ings demolished by the recent
tornado that struck Pensacola,

Fla., causing injury to more
than a score of persons, doing
damage estimated at $100,000,

and leaving many families
homeless.

A view of one of the dwell
ings demolished by the recent
tornado that struck Pensacola,

Fla., causing injury to more
than a score of persons, doing
damage estimated at $100,000,

and leaving many families
homeless.

A view of one of the dwell
ings demolished by the recent
tornado that struck Pensacola,

Fla., causing injury to more
than a score of persons, doing
damage estimated at $100,000,

and leaving many families
homeless.

A view of one of the dwell
ings demolished by the recent
tornado that struck Pensacola,

Fla., causing injury to more
than a score of persons, doing
damage estimated at $100,000,

and leaving many families
homeless.

A view of one of the dwell
ings demolished by the recent
tornado that struck Pensacola,

Fla., causing injury to more
than a score of persons, doing
damage estimated at $100,000,

and leaving many families
homeless.
