# LAYMAN'S NOTE
## What Is This New Theory? 
### 
What exactly is nuclear induc
tion?
It is the name of the theory de
veloped by Dr. Bloch (in collabora
tion with the late Dr. William W.
Hansen and Martin Packard) which
measures the magnetic properties of
the atomic particle, the neutron.
As early as 1937, Dr. Bloch put
forth the revolutionary idea that
neutrons (the fundamental par
ticles which compose almost all
matter) have magnetic properties,
in spite of the fact that they have
neither a positive nor a negative
charge.
He published this belief in a pa
per, and also suggested that a means
for measuring these properties was
possible.
Other scientists tested the idea of
magnetism in neutrons and found it
true. Measurement of the proper
tics was, however, more difficult,
and the calculations were no more
than rough estimates, due to the
difficulty in procuring enough neu
trons for extensive testing.
Using a cyclotron, Dr. Bloch
formulated a more efficient meth
od. He put the neutrons in an
elcctro-magnetic field and made
them spin around (by using ra
dio-frequency power) at approxi
mately 50 million revolutions per
second.
Under these conditions, the atomic
particles act like sub-microscopic
radio transmitters, giving off sig
nals which arc amplified at least
10,000 times and then seen on a
cathode field receiver.
The signal received identifies the
material, since the frequency at
which a particular nucleus will
respond, in a magnetic field of
known value, is always the same.
The characteristic frequency of
the particle can be measured by a
spectrometer.
This accurate yardstick for mag
netic properties can help man to
learn more about the fundamental
properties of energy and matter.
What exactly is nuclear induc
tion?
It is the name of the theory de
veloped by Dr. Bloch (in collabora
tion with the late Dr. William W.
Hansen and Martin Packard) which
measures the magnetic properties of
the atomic particle, the neutron.
As early as 1937, Dr. Bloch put
forth the revolutionary idea that
neutrons (the fundamental par
ticles which compose almost all
matter) have magnetic properties,
in spite of the fact that they have
neither a positive nor a negative
charge.
He published this belief in a pa
per, and also suggested that a means
for measuring these properties was
possible.
Other scientists tested the idea of
magnetism in neutrons and found it
true. Measurement of the proper
tics was, however, more difficult,
and the calculations were no more
than rough estimates, due to the
difficulty in procuring enough neu
trons for extensive testing.
Using a cyclotron, Dr. Bloch
formulated a more efficient meth
od. He put the neutrons in an
elcctro-magnetic field and made
them spin around (by using ra
dio-frequency power) at approxi
mately 50 million revolutions per
second.
Under these conditions, the atomic
particles act like sub-microscopic
radio transmitters, giving off sig
nals which arc amplified at least
10,000 times and then seen on a
cathode field receiver.
The signal received identifies the
material, since the frequency at
which a particular nucleus will
respond, in a magnetic field of
known value, is always the same.
The characteristic frequency of
the particle can be measured by a
spectrometer.
This accurate yardstick for mag
netic properties can help man to
learn more about the fundamental
properties of energy and matter.
What exactly is nuclear induc
tion?
It is the name of the theory de
veloped by Dr. Bloch (in collabora
tion with the late Dr. William W.
Hansen and Martin Packard) which
measures the magnetic properties of
the atomic particle, the neutron.
As early as 1937, Dr. Bloch put
forth the revolutionary idea that
neutrons (the fundamental par
ticles which compose almost all
matter) have magnetic properties,
in spite of the fact that they have
neither a positive nor a negative
charge.
He published this belief in a pa
per, and also suggested that a means
for measuring these properties was
possible.
Other scientists tested the idea of
magnetism in neutrons and found it
true. Measurement of the proper
tics was, however, more difficult,
and the calculations were no more
than rough estimates, due to the
difficulty in procuring enough neu
trons for extensive testing.
Using a cyclotron, Dr. Bloch
formulated a more efficient meth
od. He put the neutrons in an
elcctro-magnetic field and made
them spin around (by using ra
dio-frequency power) at approxi
mately 50 million revolutions per
second.
Under these conditions, the atomic
particles act like sub-microscopic
radio transmitters, giving off sig
nals which arc amplified at least
10,000 times and then seen on a
cathode field receiver.
The signal received identifies the
material, since the frequency at
which a particular nucleus will
respond, in a magnetic field of
known value, is always the same.
The characteristic frequency of
the particle can be measured by a
spectrometer.
This accurate yardstick for mag
netic properties can help man to
learn more about the fundamental
properties of energy and matter.
What exactly is nuclear induc
tion?
It is the name of the theory de
veloped by Dr. Bloch (in collabora
tion with the late Dr. William W.
Hansen and Martin Packard) which
measures the magnetic properties of
the atomic particle, the neutron.
As early as 1937, Dr. Bloch put
forth the revolutionary idea that
neutrons (the fundamental par
ticles which compose almost all
matter) have magnetic properties,
in spite of the fact that they have
neither a positive nor a negative
charge.
He published this belief in a pa
per, and also suggested that a means
for measuring these properties was
possible.
Other scientists tested the idea of
magnetism in neutrons and found it
true. Measurement of the proper
tics was, however, more difficult,
and the calculations were no more
than rough estimates, due to the
difficulty in procuring enough neu
trons for extensive testing.
Using a cyclotron, Dr. Bloch
formulated a more efficient meth
od. He put the neutrons in an
elcctro-magnetic field and made
them spin around (by using ra
dio-frequency power) at approxi
mately 50 million revolutions per
second.
Under these conditions, the atomic
particles act like sub-microscopic
radio transmitters, giving off sig
nals which arc amplified at least
10,000 times and then seen on a
cathode field receiver.
The signal received identifies the
material, since the frequency at
which a particular nucleus will
respond, in a magnetic field of
known value, is always the same.
The characteristic frequency of
the particle can be measured by a
spectrometer.
This accurate yardstick for mag
netic properties can help man to
learn more about the fundamental
properties of energy and matter.
What exactly is nuclear induc
tion?
It is the name of the theory de
veloped by Dr. Bloch (in collabora
tion with the late Dr. William W.
Hansen and Martin Packard) which
measures the magnetic properties of
the atomic particle, the neutron.
As early as 1937, Dr. Bloch put
forth the revolutionary idea that
neutrons (the fundamental par
ticles which compose almost all
matter) have magnetic properties,
in spite of the fact that they have
neither a positive nor a negative
charge.
He published this belief in a pa
per, and also suggested that a means
for measuring these properties was
possible.
Other scientists tested the idea of
magnetism in neutrons and found it
true. Measurement of the proper
tics was, however, more difficult,
and the calculations were no more
than rough estimates, due to the
difficulty in procuring enough neu
trons for extensive testing.
Using a cyclotron, Dr. Bloch
formulated a more efficient meth
od. He put the neutrons in an
elcctro-magnetic field and made
them spin around (by using ra
dio-frequency power) at approxi
mately 50 million revolutions per
second.
Under these conditions, the atomic
particles act like sub-microscopic
radio transmitters, giving off sig
nals which arc amplified at least
10,000 times and then seen on a
cathode field receiver.
The signal received identifies the
material, since the frequency at
which a particular nucleus will
respond, in a magnetic field of
known value, is always the same.
The characteristic frequency of
the particle can be measured by a
spectrometer.
This accurate yardstick for mag
netic properties can help man to
learn more about the fundamental
properties of energy and matter.
What exactly is nuclear induc
tion?
It is the name of the theory de
veloped by Dr. Bloch (in collabora
tion with the late Dr. William W.
Hansen and Martin Packard) which
measures the magnetic properties of
the atomic particle, the neutron.
As early as 1937, Dr. Bloch put
forth the revolutionary idea that
neutrons (the fundamental par
ticles which compose almost all
matter) have magnetic properties,
in spite of the fact that they have
neither a positive nor a negative
charge.
He published this belief in a pa
per, and also suggested that a means
for measuring these properties was
possible.
Other scientists tested the idea of
magnetism in neutrons and found it
true. Measurement of the proper
tics was, however, more difficult,
and the calculations were no more
than rough estimates, due to the
difficulty in procuring enough neu
trons for extensive testing.
Using a cyclotron, Dr. Bloch
formulated a more efficient meth
od. He put the neutrons in an
elcctro-magnetic field and made
them spin around (by using ra
dio-frequency power) at approxi
mately 50 million revolutions per
second.
Under these conditions, the atomic
particles act like sub-microscopic
radio transmitters, giving off sig
nals which arc amplified at least
10,000 times and then seen on a
cathode field receiver.
The signal received identifies the
material, since the frequency at
which a particular nucleus will
respond, in a magnetic field of
known value, is always the same.
The characteristic frequency of
the particle can be measured by a
spectrometer.
This accurate yardstick for mag
netic properties can help man to
learn more about the fundamental
properties of energy and matter.
What exactly is nuclear induc
tion?
It is the name of the theory de
veloped by Dr. Bloch (in collabora
tion with the late Dr. William W.
Hansen and Martin Packard) which
measures the magnetic properties of
the atomic particle, the neutron.
As early as 1937, Dr. Bloch put
forth the revolutionary idea that
neutrons (the fundamental par
ticles which compose almost all
matter) have magnetic properties,
in spite of the fact that they have
neither a positive nor a negative
charge.
He published this belief in a pa
per, and also suggested that a means
for measuring these properties was
possible.
Other scientists tested the idea of
magnetism in neutrons and found it
true. Measurement of the proper
tics was, however, more difficult,
and the calculations were no more
than rough estimates, due to the
difficulty in procuring enough neu
trons for extensive testing.
Using a cyclotron, Dr. Bloch
formulated a more efficient meth
od. He put the neutrons in an
elcctro-magnetic field and made
them spin around (by using ra
dio-frequency power) at approxi
mately 50 million revolutions per
second.
Under these conditions, the atomic
particles act like sub-microscopic
radio transmitters, giving off sig
nals which arc amplified at least
10,000 times and then seen on a
cathode field receiver.
The signal received identifies the
material, since the frequency at
which a particular nucleus will
respond, in a magnetic field of
known value, is always the same.
The characteristic frequency of
the particle can be measured by a
spectrometer.
This accurate yardstick for mag
netic properties can help man to
learn more about the fundamental
properties of energy and matter.
What exactly is nuclear induc
tion?
It is the name of the theory de
veloped by Dr. Bloch (in collabora
tion with the late Dr. William W.
Hansen and Martin Packard) which
measures the magnetic properties of
the atomic particle, the neutron.
As early as 1937, Dr. Bloch put
forth the revolutionary idea that
neutrons (the fundamental par
ticles which compose almost all
matter) have magnetic properties,
in spite of the fact that they have
neither a positive nor a negative
charge.
He published this belief in a pa
per, and also suggested that a means
for measuring these properties was
possible.
Other scientists tested the idea of
magnetism in neutrons and found it
true. Measurement of the proper
tics was, however, more difficult,
and the calculations were no more
than rough estimates, due to the
difficulty in procuring enough neu
trons for extensive testing.
Using a cyclotron, Dr. Bloch
formulated a more efficient meth
od. He put the neutrons in an
elcctro-magnetic field and made
them spin around (by using ra
dio-frequency power) at approxi
mately 50 million revolutions per
second.
Under these conditions, the atomic
particles act like sub-microscopic
radio transmitters, giving off sig
nals which arc amplified at least
10,000 times and then seen on a
cathode field receiver.
The signal received identifies the
material, since the frequency at
which a particular nucleus will
respond, in a magnetic field of
known value, is always the same.
The characteristic frequency of
the particle can be measured by a
spectrometer.
This accurate yardstick for mag
netic properties can help man to
learn more about the fundamental
properties of energy and matter.
What exactly is nuclear induc
tion?
It is the name of the theory de
veloped by Dr. Bloch (in collabora
tion with the late Dr. William W.
Hansen and Martin Packard) which
measures the magnetic properties of
the atomic particle, the neutron.
As early as 1937, Dr. Bloch put
forth the revolutionary idea that
neutrons (the fundamental par
ticles which compose almost all
matter) have magnetic properties,
in spite of the fact that they have
neither a positive nor a negative
charge.
He published this belief in a pa
per, and also suggested that a means
for measuring these properties was
possible.
Other scientists tested the idea of
magnetism in neutrons and found it
true. Measurement of the proper
tics was, however, more difficult,
and the calculations were no more
than rough estimates, due to the
difficulty in procuring enough neu
trons for extensive testing.
Using a cyclotron, Dr. Bloch
formulated a more efficient meth
od. He put the neutrons in an
elcctro-magnetic field and made
them spin around (by using ra
dio-frequency power) at approxi
mately 50 million revolutions per
second.
Under these conditions, the atomic
particles act like sub-microscopic
radio transmitters, giving off sig
nals which arc amplified at least
10,000 times and then seen on a
cathode field receiver.
The signal received identifies the
material, since the frequency at
which a particular nucleus will
respond, in a magnetic field of
known value, is always the same.
The characteristic frequency of
the particle can be measured by a
spectrometer.
This accurate yardstick for mag
netic properties can help man to
learn more about the fundamental
properties of energy and matter.
What exactly is nuclear induc
tion?
It is the name of the theory de
veloped by Dr. Bloch (in collabora
tion with the late Dr. William W.
Hansen and Martin Packard) which
measures the magnetic properties of
the atomic particle, the neutron.
As early as 1937, Dr. Bloch put
forth the revolutionary idea that
neutrons (the fundamental par
ticles which compose almost all
matter) have magnetic properties,
in spite of the fact that they have
neither a positive nor a negative
charge.
He published this belief in a pa
per, and also suggested that a means
for measuring these properties was
possible.
Other scientists tested the idea of
magnetism in neutrons and found it
true. Measurement of the proper
tics was, however, more difficult,
and the calculations were no more
than rough estimates, due to the
difficulty in procuring enough neu
trons for extensive testing.
Using a cyclotron, Dr. Bloch
formulated a more efficient meth
od. He put the neutrons in an
elcctro-magnetic field and made
them spin around (by using ra
dio-frequency power) at approxi
mately 50 million revolutions per
second.
Under these conditions, the atomic
particles act like sub-microscopic
radio transmitters, giving off sig
nals which arc amplified at least
10,000 times and then seen on a
cathode field receiver.
The signal received identifies the
material, since the frequency at
which a particular nucleus will
respond, in a magnetic field of
known value, is always the same.
The characteristic frequency of
the particle can be measured by a
spectrometer.
This accurate yardstick for mag
netic properties can help man to
learn more about the fundamental
properties of energy and matter.
What exactly is nuclear induc
tion?
It is the name of the theory de
veloped by Dr. Bloch (in collabora
tion with the late Dr. William W.
Hansen and Martin Packard) which
measures the magnetic properties of
the atomic particle, the neutron.
As early as 1937, Dr. Bloch put
forth the revolutionary idea that
neutrons (the fundamental par
ticles which compose almost all
matter) have magnetic properties,
in spite of the fact that they have
neither a positive nor a negative
charge.
He published this belief in a pa
per, and also suggested that a means
for measuring these properties was
possible.
Other scientists tested the idea of
magnetism in neutrons and found it
true. Measurement of the proper
tics was, however, more difficult,
and the calculations were no more
than rough estimates, due to the
difficulty in procuring enough neu
trons for extensive testing.
Using a cyclotron, Dr. Bloch
formulated a more efficient meth
od. He put the neutrons in an
elcctro-magnetic field and made
them spin around (by using ra
dio-frequency power) at approxi
mately 50 million revolutions per
second.
Under these conditions, the atomic
particles act like sub-microscopic
radio transmitters, giving off sig
nals which arc amplified at least
10,000 times and then seen on a
cathode field receiver.
The signal received identifies the
material, since the frequency at
which a particular nucleus will
respond, in a magnetic field of
known value, is always the same.
The characteristic frequency of
the particle can be measured by a
spectrometer.
This accurate yardstick for mag
netic properties can help man to
learn more about the fundamental
properties of energy and matter.
What exactly is nuclear induc
tion?
It is the name of the theory de
veloped by Dr. Bloch (in collabora
tion with the late Dr. William W.
Hansen and Martin Packard) which
measures the magnetic properties of
the atomic particle, the neutron.
As early as 1937, Dr. Bloch put
forth the revolutionary idea that
neutrons (the fundamental par
ticles which compose almost all
matter) have magnetic properties,
in spite of the fact that they have
neither a positive nor a negative
charge.
He published this belief in a pa
per, and also suggested that a means
for measuring these properties was
possible.
Other scientists tested the idea of
magnetism in neutrons and found it
true. Measurement of the proper
tics was, however, more difficult,
and the calculations were no more
than rough estimates, due to the
difficulty in procuring enough neu
trons for extensive testing.
Using a cyclotron, Dr. Bloch
formulated a more efficient meth
od. He put the neutrons in an
elcctro-magnetic field and made
them spin around (by using ra
dio-frequency power) at approxi
mately 50 million revolutions per
second.
Under these conditions, the atomic
particles act like sub-microscopic
radio transmitters, giving off sig
nals which arc amplified at least
10,000 times and then seen on a
cathode field receiver.
The signal received identifies the
material, since the frequency at
which a particular nucleus will
respond, in a magnetic field of
known value, is always the same.
The characteristic frequency of
the particle can be measured by a
spectrometer.
This accurate yardstick for mag
netic properties can help man to
learn more about the fundamental
properties of energy and matter.
What exactly is nuclear induc
tion?
It is the name of the theory de
veloped by Dr. Bloch (in collabora
tion with the late Dr. William W.
Hansen and Martin Packard) which
measures the magnetic properties of
the atomic particle, the neutron.
As early as 1937, Dr. Bloch put
forth the revolutionary idea that
neutrons (the fundamental par
ticles which compose almost all
matter) have magnetic properties,
in spite of the fact that they have
neither a positive nor a negative
charge.
He published this belief in a pa
per, and also suggested that a means
for measuring these properties was
possible.
Other scientists tested the idea of
magnetism in neutrons and found it
true. Measurement of the proper
tics was, however, more difficult,
and the calculations were no more
than rough estimates, due to the
difficulty in procuring enough neu
trons for extensive testing.
Using a cyclotron, Dr. Bloch
formulated a more efficient meth
od. He put the neutrons in an
elcctro-magnetic field and made
them spin around (by using ra
dio-frequency power) at approxi
mately 50 million revolutions per
second.
Under these conditions, the atomic
particles act like sub-microscopic
radio transmitters, giving off sig
nals which arc amplified at least
10,000 times and then seen on a
cathode field receiver.
The signal received identifies the
material, since the frequency at
which a particular nucleus will
respond, in a magnetic field of
known value, is always the same.
The characteristic frequency of
the particle can be measured by a
spectrometer.
This accurate yardstick for mag
netic properties can help man to
learn more about the fundamental
properties of energy and matter.
What exactly is nuclear induc
tion?
It is the name of the theory de
veloped by Dr. Bloch (in collabora
tion with the late Dr. William W.
Hansen and Martin Packard) which
measures the magnetic properties of
the atomic particle, the neutron.
As early as 1937, Dr. Bloch put
forth the revolutionary idea that
neutrons (the fundamental par
ticles which compose almost all
matter) have magnetic properties,
in spite of the fact that they have
neither a positive nor a negative
charge.
He published this belief in a pa
per, and also suggested that a means
for measuring these properties was
possible.
Other scientists tested the idea of
magnetism in neutrons and found it
true. Measurement of the proper
tics was, however, more difficult,
and the calculations were no more
than rough estimates, due to the
difficulty in procuring enough neu
trons for extensive testing.
Using a cyclotron, Dr. Bloch
formulated a more efficient meth
od. He put the neutrons in an
elcctro-magnetic field and made
them spin around (by using ra
dio-frequency power) at approxi
mately 50 million revolutions per
second.
Under these conditions, the atomic
particles act like sub-microscopic
radio transmitters, giving off sig
nals which arc amplified at least
10,000 times and then seen on a
cathode field receiver.
The signal received identifies the
material, since the frequency at
which a particular nucleus will
respond, in a magnetic field of
known value, is always the same.
The characteristic frequency of
the particle can be measured by a
spectrometer.
This accurate yardstick for mag
netic properties can help man to
learn more about the fundamental
properties of energy and matter.
What exactly is nuclear induc
tion?
It is the name of the theory de
veloped by Dr. Bloch (in collabora
tion with the late Dr. William W.
Hansen and Martin Packard) which
measures the magnetic properties of
the atomic particle, the neutron.
As early as 1937, Dr. Bloch put
forth the revolutionary idea that
neutrons (the fundamental par
ticles which compose almost all
matter) have magnetic properties,
in spite of the fact that they have
neither a positive nor a negative
charge.
He published this belief in a pa
per, and also suggested that a means
for measuring these properties was
possible.
Other scientists tested the idea of
magnetism in neutrons and found it
true. Measurement of the proper
tics was, however, more difficult,
and the calculations were no more
than rough estimates, due to the
difficulty in procuring enough neu
trons for extensive testing.
Using a cyclotron, Dr. Bloch
formulated a more efficient meth
od. He put the neutrons in an
elcctro-magnetic field and made
them spin around (by using ra
dio-frequency power) at approxi
mately 50 million revolutions per
second.
Under these conditions, the atomic
particles act like sub-microscopic
radio transmitters, giving off sig
nals which arc amplified at least
10,000 times and then seen on a
cathode field receiver.
The signal received identifies the
material, since the frequency at
which a particular nucleus will
respond, in a magnetic field of
known value, is always the same.
The characteristic frequency of
the particle can be measured by a
spectrometer.
This accurate yardstick for mag
netic properties can help man to
learn more about the fundamental
properties of energy and matter.
What exactly is nuclear induc
tion?
It is the name of the theory de
veloped by Dr. Bloch (in collabora
tion with the late Dr. William W.
Hansen and Martin Packard) which
measures the magnetic properties of
the atomic particle, the neutron.
As early as 1937, Dr. Bloch put
forth the revolutionary idea that
neutrons (the fundamental par
ticles which compose almost all
matter) have magnetic properties,
in spite of the fact that they have
neither a positive nor a negative
charge.
He published this belief in a pa
per, and also suggested that a means
for measuring these properties was
possible.
Other scientists tested the idea of
magnetism in neutrons and found it
true. Measurement of the proper
tics was, however, more difficult,
and the calculations were no more
than rough estimates, due to the
difficulty in procuring enough neu
trons for extensive testing.
Using a cyclotron, Dr. Bloch
formulated a more efficient meth
od. He put the neutrons in an
elcctro-magnetic field and made
them spin around (by using ra
dio-frequency power) at approxi
mately 50 million revolutions per
second.
Under these conditions, the atomic
particles act like sub-microscopic
radio transmitters, giving off sig
nals which arc amplified at least
10,000 times and then seen on a
cathode field receiver.
The signal received identifies the
material, since the frequency at
which a particular nucleus will
respond, in a magnetic field of
known value, is always the same.
The characteristic frequency of
the particle can be measured by a
spectrometer.
This accurate yardstick for mag
netic properties can help man to
learn more about the fundamental
properties of energy and matter.
