# MURAL NOTICE
## 
### 
The second round oi table tenni
horseshoes, handball, and volley
ball must be completed this week
end, or teams will have to forfeit.
The second round oi table tenni
horseshoes, handball, and volley
ball must be completed this week
end, or teams will have to forfeit.
The second round oi table tenni
horseshoes, handball, and volley
ball must be completed this week
end, or teams will have to forfeit.
The second round oi table tenni
horseshoes, handball, and volley
ball must be completed this week
end, or teams will have to forfeit.
The second round oi table tenni
horseshoes, handball, and volley
ball must be completed this week
end, or teams will have to forfeit.
The second round oi table tenni
horseshoes, handball, and volley
ball must be completed this week
end, or teams will have to forfeit.
The second round oi table tenni
horseshoes, handball, and volley
ball must be completed this week
end, or teams will have to forfeit.
The second round oi table tenni
horseshoes, handball, and volley
ball must be completed this week
end, or teams will have to forfeit.
The second round oi table tenni
horseshoes, handball, and volley
ball must be completed this week
end, or teams will have to forfeit.
The second round oi table tenni
horseshoes, handball, and volley
ball must be completed this week
end, or teams will have to forfeit.
The second round oi table tenni
horseshoes, handball, and volley
ball must be completed this week
end, or teams will have to forfeit.
The second round oi table tenni
horseshoes, handball, and volley
ball must be completed this week
end, or teams will have to forfeit.
The second round oi table tenni
horseshoes, handball, and volley
ball must be completed this week
end, or teams will have to forfeit.
The second round oi table tenni
horseshoes, handball, and volley
ball must be completed this week
end, or teams will have to forfeit.
The second round oi table tenni
horseshoes, handball, and volley
ball must be completed this week
end, or teams will have to forfeit.
The second round oi table tenni
horseshoes, handball, and volley
ball must be completed this week
end, or teams will have to forfeit.
