# Stern Hall Danre Tomorrow Night
## 
### 
An fill - campus danec at. Stern
Hall from 0 p.m. to 1 a.m. tomorrow
will climax the weekend's IJSC
homecoming festivities. Les Jack
son's 16-piccc hand will provide the
music.
Tickets for the affair will be on
sale at the Cellar today from 11 a.m.
to 4 p.m. for $1 pei - couple. They
are also obtainable at Toyon, En
cina, and the ASSU office. <
According to chairman Dan I lei I,
dressy sport clothes arc appropriate
for the dance.
An fill - campus danec at. Stern
Hall from 0 p.m. to 1 a.m. tomorrow
will climax the weekend's IJSC
homecoming festivities. Les Jack
son's 16-piccc hand will provide the
music.
Tickets for the affair will be on
sale at the Cellar today from 11 a.m.
to 4 p.m. for $1 pei - couple. They
are also obtainable at Toyon, En
cina, and the ASSU office. <
According to chairman Dan I lei I,
dressy sport clothes arc appropriate
for the dance.
An fill - campus danec at. Stern
Hall from 0 p.m. to 1 a.m. tomorrow
will climax the weekend's IJSC
homecoming festivities. Les Jack
son's 16-piccc hand will provide the
music.
Tickets for the affair will be on
sale at the Cellar today from 11 a.m.
to 4 p.m. for $1 pei - couple. They
are also obtainable at Toyon, En
cina, and the ASSU office. <
According to chairman Dan I lei I,
dressy sport clothes arc appropriate
for the dance.
An fill - campus danec at. Stern
Hall from 0 p.m. to 1 a.m. tomorrow
will climax the weekend's IJSC
homecoming festivities. Les Jack
son's 16-piccc hand will provide the
music.
Tickets for the affair will be on
sale at the Cellar today from 11 a.m.
to 4 p.m. for $1 pei - couple. They
are also obtainable at Toyon, En
cina, and the ASSU office. <
According to chairman Dan I lei I,
dressy sport clothes arc appropriate
for the dance.
An fill - campus danec at. Stern
Hall from 0 p.m. to 1 a.m. tomorrow
will climax the weekend's IJSC
homecoming festivities. Les Jack
son's 16-piccc hand will provide the
music.
Tickets for the affair will be on
sale at the Cellar today from 11 a.m.
to 4 p.m. for $1 pei - couple. They
are also obtainable at Toyon, En
cina, and the ASSU office. <
According to chairman Dan I lei I,
dressy sport clothes arc appropriate
for the dance.
An fill - campus danec at. Stern
Hall from 0 p.m. to 1 a.m. tomorrow
will climax the weekend's IJSC
homecoming festivities. Les Jack
son's 16-piccc hand will provide the
music.
Tickets for the affair will be on
sale at the Cellar today from 11 a.m.
to 4 p.m. for $1 pei - couple. They
are also obtainable at Toyon, En
cina, and the ASSU office. <
According to chairman Dan I lei I,
dressy sport clothes arc appropriate
for the dance.
An fill - campus danec at. Stern
Hall from 0 p.m. to 1 a.m. tomorrow
will climax the weekend's IJSC
homecoming festivities. Les Jack
son's 16-piccc hand will provide the
music.
Tickets for the affair will be on
sale at the Cellar today from 11 a.m.
to 4 p.m. for $1 pei - couple. They
are also obtainable at Toyon, En
cina, and the ASSU office. <
According to chairman Dan I lei I,
dressy sport clothes arc appropriate
for the dance.
An fill - campus danec at. Stern
Hall from 0 p.m. to 1 a.m. tomorrow
will climax the weekend's IJSC
homecoming festivities. Les Jack
son's 16-piccc hand will provide the
music.
Tickets for the affair will be on
sale at the Cellar today from 11 a.m.
to 4 p.m. for $1 pei - couple. They
are also obtainable at Toyon, En
cina, and the ASSU office. <
According to chairman Dan I lei I,
dressy sport clothes arc appropriate
for the dance.
An fill - campus danec at. Stern
Hall from 0 p.m. to 1 a.m. tomorrow
will climax the weekend's IJSC
homecoming festivities. Les Jack
son's 16-piccc hand will provide the
music.
Tickets for the affair will be on
sale at the Cellar today from 11 a.m.
to 4 p.m. for $1 pei - couple. They
are also obtainable at Toyon, En
cina, and the ASSU office. <
According to chairman Dan I lei I,
dressy sport clothes arc appropriate
for the dance.
An fill - campus danec at. Stern
Hall from 0 p.m. to 1 a.m. tomorrow
will climax the weekend's IJSC
homecoming festivities. Les Jack
son's 16-piccc hand will provide the
music.
Tickets for the affair will be on
sale at the Cellar today from 11 a.m.
to 4 p.m. for $1 pei - couple. They
are also obtainable at Toyon, En
cina, and the ASSU office. <
According to chairman Dan I lei I,
dressy sport clothes arc appropriate
for the dance.
An fill - campus danec at. Stern
Hall from 0 p.m. to 1 a.m. tomorrow
will climax the weekend's IJSC
homecoming festivities. Les Jack
son's 16-piccc hand will provide the
music.
Tickets for the affair will be on
sale at the Cellar today from 11 a.m.
to 4 p.m. for $1 pei - couple. They
are also obtainable at Toyon, En
cina, and the ASSU office. <
According to chairman Dan I lei I,
dressy sport clothes arc appropriate
for the dance.
An fill - campus danec at. Stern
Hall from 0 p.m. to 1 a.m. tomorrow
will climax the weekend's IJSC
homecoming festivities. Les Jack
son's 16-piccc hand will provide the
music.
Tickets for the affair will be on
sale at the Cellar today from 11 a.m.
to 4 p.m. for $1 pei - couple. They
are also obtainable at Toyon, En
cina, and the ASSU office. <
According to chairman Dan I lei I,
dressy sport clothes arc appropriate
for the dance.
An fill - campus danec at. Stern
Hall from 0 p.m. to 1 a.m. tomorrow
will climax the weekend's IJSC
homecoming festivities. Les Jack
son's 16-piccc hand will provide the
music.
Tickets for the affair will be on
sale at the Cellar today from 11 a.m.
to 4 p.m. for $1 pei - couple. They
are also obtainable at Toyon, En
cina, and the ASSU office. <
According to chairman Dan I lei I,
dressy sport clothes arc appropriate
for the dance.
An fill - campus danec at. Stern
Hall from 0 p.m. to 1 a.m. tomorrow
will climax the weekend's IJSC
homecoming festivities. Les Jack
son's 16-piccc hand will provide the
music.
Tickets for the affair will be on
sale at the Cellar today from 11 a.m.
to 4 p.m. for $1 pei - couple. They
are also obtainable at Toyon, En
cina, and the ASSU office. <
According to chairman Dan I lei I,
dressy sport clothes arc appropriate
for the dance.
An fill - campus danec at. Stern
Hall from 0 p.m. to 1 a.m. tomorrow
will climax the weekend's IJSC
homecoming festivities. Les Jack
son's 16-piccc hand will provide the
music.
Tickets for the affair will be on
sale at the Cellar today from 11 a.m.
to 4 p.m. for $1 pei - couple. They
are also obtainable at Toyon, En
cina, and the ASSU office. <
According to chairman Dan I lei I,
dressy sport clothes arc appropriate
for the dance.
An fill - campus danec at. Stern
Hall from 0 p.m. to 1 a.m. tomorrow
will climax the weekend's IJSC
homecoming festivities. Les Jack
son's 16-piccc hand will provide the
music.
Tickets for the affair will be on
sale at the Cellar today from 11 a.m.
to 4 p.m. for $1 pei - couple. They
are also obtainable at Toyon, En
cina, and the ASSU office. <
According to chairman Dan I lei I,
dressy sport clothes arc appropriate
for the dance.
