# DECEMBER 7
## Musical DeBUt Slated for S.F. 
### 
The Stanford Symphony Orches
tra, assisted by the Stanford Uni
versity Chorus, will make its San
Francisco concert debut Sunday,
Dec. 7, in the War Memorial Opera
House, it was announced yesterday.
Professor S a n d or S a 1 go will
conduct (lie 85-piece orchestra in
a program of traditional and mod
ern compositions. Harold C.
Schmidt, associate professor of
music, directs the lfiS voices of
the chorus. The concert will he
gin at B:.'JO p.m.
The orchestra will open with Bee
thoven's "Eroiea" Symphony and
will also present "Concerto in A
Major" by Antonio Vivaldi, inci
dental music from "Pelleas et Meli
sande" by Gabriel Faure, and "Suite
No. 1" by Igor Stravinsky.
As the finale, orchestra, chorus,
and soloists will join in Zoltan
Kodaly's "Te Deum."
Tickets will range from 50 cents
to $2. They will go on sale next
week at the Stanford Music Depart
ment; Peninsula Box Office, Palo
Alto; War Memorial Opera House
and Sherman Clay & Co., San Fran
cisco; and Sherman Clay & Co.,
Oakland.
