# NCFA MEETING
## 
### 
Bob Buckles will represent the
Stanford Debate Society at the
Northern California Forensic Asso
ciation meeting at Stockton tomor
row.
Bob Buckles will represent the
Stanford Debate Society at the
Northern California Forensic Asso
ciation meeting at Stockton tomor
row.
Bob Buckles will represent the
Stanford Debate Society at the
Northern California Forensic Asso
ciation meeting at Stockton tomor
row.
Bob Buckles will represent the
Stanford Debate Society at the
Northern California Forensic Asso
ciation meeting at Stockton tomor
row.
Bob Buckles will represent the
Stanford Debate Society at the
Northern California Forensic Asso
ciation meeting at Stockton tomor
row.
Bob Buckles will represent the
Stanford Debate Society at the
Northern California Forensic Asso
ciation meeting at Stockton tomor
row.
Bob Buckles will represent the
Stanford Debate Society at the
Northern California Forensic Asso
ciation meeting at Stockton tomor
row.
Bob Buckles will represent the
Stanford Debate Society at the
Northern California Forensic Asso
ciation meeting at Stockton tomor
row.
Bob Buckles will represent the
Stanford Debate Society at the
Northern California Forensic Asso
ciation meeting at Stockton tomor
row.
Bob Buckles will represent the
Stanford Debate Society at the
Northern California Forensic Asso
ciation meeting at Stockton tomor
row.
Bob Buckles will represent the
Stanford Debate Society at the
Northern California Forensic Asso
ciation meeting at Stockton tomor
row.
Bob Buckles will represent the
Stanford Debate Society at the
Northern California Forensic Asso
ciation meeting at Stockton tomor
row.
Bob Buckles will represent the
Stanford Debate Society at the
Northern California Forensic Asso
ciation meeting at Stockton tomor
row.
Bob Buckles will represent the
Stanford Debate Society at the
Northern California Forensic Asso
ciation meeting at Stockton tomor
row.
Bob Buckles will represent the
Stanford Debate Society at the
Northern California Forensic Asso
ciation meeting at Stockton tomor
row.
Bob Buckles will represent the
Stanford Debate Society at the
Northern California Forensic Asso
ciation meeting at Stockton tomor
row.
