# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The geographic center of the Unit
ed States is Smith County, Kansas.
The geographic center of the Unit
ed States is Smith County, Kansas.
The geographic center of the Unit
ed States is Smith County, Kansas.
The geographic center of the Unit
ed States is Smith County, Kansas.
The geographic center of the Unit
ed States is Smith County, Kansas.
The geographic center of the Unit
ed States is Smith County, Kansas.
The geographic center of the Unit
ed States is Smith County, Kansas.
The geographic center of the Unit
ed States is Smith County, Kansas.
The geographic center of the Unit
ed States is Smith County, Kansas.
The geographic center of the Unit
ed States is Smith County, Kansas.
The geographic center of the Unit
ed States is Smith County, Kansas.
The geographic center of the Unit
ed States is Smith County, Kansas.
The geographic center of the Unit
ed States is Smith County, Kansas.
The geographic center of the Unit
ed States is Smith County, Kansas.
The geographic center of the Unit
ed States is Smith County, Kansas.
The geographic center of the Unit
ed States is Smith County, Kansas.
