# Untitled Article
## 
### 

BOB CARROTHERS, above, in whose memory Ted Schroeder, right,
presented his national singles trophy to the Coronarfo High School
as a perpetual award. Can-others is shown holding the famous Ink
trophy and Achievements Award presented annually to the out
standing junior tennis player in the La Jolla-Coronado-San Diego
district. Schroeder smiles as he walks off the court with the net title.


BOB CARROTHERS, above, in whose memory Ted Schroeder, right,
presented his national singles trophy to the Coronarfo High School
as a perpetual award. Can-others is shown holding the famous Ink
trophy and Achievements Award presented annually to the out
standing junior tennis player in the La Jolla-Coronado-San Diego
district. Schroeder smiles as he walks off the court with the net title.


BOB CARROTHERS, above, in whose memory Ted Schroeder, right,
presented his national singles trophy to the Coronarfo High School
as a perpetual award. Can-others is shown holding the famous Ink
trophy and Achievements Award presented annually to the out
standing junior tennis player in the La Jolla-Coronado-San Diego
district. Schroeder smiles as he walks off the court with the net title.


BOB CARROTHERS, above, in whose memory Ted Schroeder, right,
presented his national singles trophy to the Coronarfo High School
as a perpetual award. Can-others is shown holding the famous Ink
trophy and Achievements Award presented annually to the out
standing junior tennis player in the La Jolla-Coronado-San Diego
district. Schroeder smiles as he walks off the court with the net title.


BOB CARROTHERS, above, in whose memory Ted Schroeder, right,
presented his national singles trophy to the Coronarfo High School
as a perpetual award. Can-others is shown holding the famous Ink
trophy and Achievements Award presented annually to the out
standing junior tennis player in the La Jolla-Coronado-San Diego
district. Schroeder smiles as he walks off the court with the net title.


BOB CARROTHERS, above, in whose memory Ted Schroeder, right,
presented his national singles trophy to the Coronarfo High School
as a perpetual award. Can-others is shown holding the famous Ink
trophy and Achievements Award presented annually to the out
standing junior tennis player in the La Jolla-Coronado-San Diego
district. Schroeder smiles as he walks off the court with the net title.


BOB CARROTHERS, above, in whose memory Ted Schroeder, right,
presented his national singles trophy to the Coronarfo High School
as a perpetual award. Can-others is shown holding the famous Ink
trophy and Achievements Award presented annually to the out
standing junior tennis player in the La Jolla-Coronado-San Diego
district. Schroeder smiles as he walks off the court with the net title.


BOB CARROTHERS, above, in whose memory Ted Schroeder, right,
presented his national singles trophy to the Coronarfo High School
as a perpetual award. Can-others is shown holding the famous Ink
trophy and Achievements Award presented annually to the out
standing junior tennis player in the La Jolla-Coronado-San Diego
district. Schroeder smiles as he walks off the court with the net title.


BOB CARROTHERS, above, in whose memory Ted Schroeder, right,
presented his national singles trophy to the Coronarfo High School
as a perpetual award. Can-others is shown holding the famous Ink
trophy and Achievements Award presented annually to the out
standing junior tennis player in the La Jolla-Coronado-San Diego
district. Schroeder smiles as he walks off the court with the net title.


BOB CARROTHERS, above, in whose memory Ted Schroeder, right,
presented his national singles trophy to the Coronarfo High School
as a perpetual award. Can-others is shown holding the famous Ink
trophy and Achievements Award presented annually to the out
standing junior tennis player in the La Jolla-Coronado-San Diego
district. Schroeder smiles as he walks off the court with the net title.


BOB CARROTHERS, above, in whose memory Ted Schroeder, right,
presented his national singles trophy to the Coronarfo High School
as a perpetual award. Can-others is shown holding the famous Ink
trophy and Achievements Award presented annually to the out
standing junior tennis player in the La Jolla-Coronado-San Diego
district. Schroeder smiles as he walks off the court with the net title.


BOB CARROTHERS, above, in whose memory Ted Schroeder, right,
presented his national singles trophy to the Coronarfo High School
as a perpetual award. Can-others is shown holding the famous Ink
trophy and Achievements Award presented annually to the out
standing junior tennis player in the La Jolla-Coronado-San Diego
district. Schroeder smiles as he walks off the court with the net title.


BOB CARROTHERS, above, in whose memory Ted Schroeder, right,
presented his national singles trophy to the Coronarfo High School
as a perpetual award. Can-others is shown holding the famous Ink
trophy and Achievements Award presented annually to the out
standing junior tennis player in the La Jolla-Coronado-San Diego
district. Schroeder smiles as he walks off the court with the net title.


BOB CARROTHERS, above, in whose memory Ted Schroeder, right,
presented his national singles trophy to the Coronarfo High School
as a perpetual award. Can-others is shown holding the famous Ink
trophy and Achievements Award presented annually to the out
standing junior tennis player in the La Jolla-Coronado-San Diego
district. Schroeder smiles as he walks off the court with the net title.


BOB CARROTHERS, above, in whose memory Ted Schroeder, right,
presented his national singles trophy to the Coronarfo High School
as a perpetual award. Can-others is shown holding the famous Ink
trophy and Achievements Award presented annually to the out
standing junior tennis player in the La Jolla-Coronado-San Diego
district. Schroeder smiles as he walks off the court with the net title.


BOB CARROTHERS, above, in whose memory Ted Schroeder, right,
presented his national singles trophy to the Coronarfo High School
as a perpetual award. Can-others is shown holding the famous Ink
trophy and Achievements Award presented annually to the out
standing junior tennis player in the La Jolla-Coronado-San Diego
district. Schroeder smiles as he walks off the court with the net title.


BOB CARROTHERS, above, in whose memory Ted Schroeder, right,
presented his national singles trophy to the Coronarfo High School
as a perpetual award. Can-others is shown holding the famous Ink
trophy and Achievements Award presented annually to the out
standing junior tennis player in the La Jolla-Coronado-San Diego
district. Schroeder smiles as he walks off the court with the net title.

