# Corps to Dedicate Flag Founders' Day
## 
### 
Stanford's battalion comprising the
Reserve Officers' Training Corps will
form an "Escort to the Colors" on
Saturday morning, March 10, in open
ing the exercises of the day in com
memoration of the birth of the found
ers and the twenty-fifth anniversary
of the opening of the University. The
corps will form the escort to the col
ors to the inner quad, beginning at
9:30 o'clock.
The flag will be dedicated in Mem
orial Church, after which the men
will be addressed by the chaplain of
the corps, Rev. D. Charles Gardner.
The Stanford Band will provide the
music for the occasion. It is planned
to have the ceremonies in connection
with the dedication of the flag last
about one-hall' hour.
Stanford's battalion comprising the
Reserve Officers' Training Corps will
form an "Escort to the Colors" on
Saturday morning, March 10, in open
ing the exercises of the day in com
memoration of the birth of the found
ers and the twenty-fifth anniversary
of the opening of the University. The
corps will form the escort to the col
ors to the inner quad, beginning at
9:30 o'clock.
The flag will be dedicated in Mem
orial Church, after which the men
will be addressed by the chaplain of
the corps, Rev. D. Charles Gardner.
The Stanford Band will provide the
music for the occasion. It is planned
to have the ceremonies in connection
with the dedication of the flag last
about one-hall' hour.
Stanford's battalion comprising the
Reserve Officers' Training Corps will
form an "Escort to the Colors" on
Saturday morning, March 10, in open
ing the exercises of the day in com
memoration of the birth of the found
ers and the twenty-fifth anniversary
of the opening of the University. The
corps will form the escort to the col
ors to the inner quad, beginning at
9:30 o'clock.
The flag will be dedicated in Mem
orial Church, after which the men
will be addressed by the chaplain of
the corps, Rev. D. Charles Gardner.
The Stanford Band will provide the
music for the occasion. It is planned
to have the ceremonies in connection
with the dedication of the flag last
about one-hall' hour.
Stanford's battalion comprising the
Reserve Officers' Training Corps will
form an "Escort to the Colors" on
Saturday morning, March 10, in open
ing the exercises of the day in com
memoration of the birth of the found
ers and the twenty-fifth anniversary
of the opening of the University. The
corps will form the escort to the col
ors to the inner quad, beginning at
9:30 o'clock.
The flag will be dedicated in Mem
orial Church, after which the men
will be addressed by the chaplain of
the corps, Rev. D. Charles Gardner.
The Stanford Band will provide the
music for the occasion. It is planned
to have the ceremonies in connection
with the dedication of the flag last
about one-hall' hour.
Stanford's battalion comprising the
Reserve Officers' Training Corps will
form an "Escort to the Colors" on
Saturday morning, March 10, in open
ing the exercises of the day in com
memoration of the birth of the found
ers and the twenty-fifth anniversary
of the opening of the University. The
corps will form the escort to the col
ors to the inner quad, beginning at
9:30 o'clock.
The flag will be dedicated in Mem
orial Church, after which the men
will be addressed by the chaplain of
the corps, Rev. D. Charles Gardner.
The Stanford Band will provide the
music for the occasion. It is planned
to have the ceremonies in connection
with the dedication of the flag last
about one-hall' hour.
Stanford's battalion comprising the
Reserve Officers' Training Corps will
form an "Escort to the Colors" on
Saturday morning, March 10, in open
ing the exercises of the day in com
memoration of the birth of the found
ers and the twenty-fifth anniversary
of the opening of the University. The
corps will form the escort to the col
ors to the inner quad, beginning at
9:30 o'clock.
The flag will be dedicated in Mem
orial Church, after which the men
will be addressed by the chaplain of
the corps, Rev. D. Charles Gardner.
The Stanford Band will provide the
music for the occasion. It is planned
to have the ceremonies in connection
with the dedication of the flag last
about one-hall' hour.
Stanford's battalion comprising the
Reserve Officers' Training Corps will
form an "Escort to the Colors" on
Saturday morning, March 10, in open
ing the exercises of the day in com
memoration of the birth of the found
ers and the twenty-fifth anniversary
of the opening of the University. The
corps will form the escort to the col
ors to the inner quad, beginning at
9:30 o'clock.
The flag will be dedicated in Mem
orial Church, after which the men
will be addressed by the chaplain of
the corps, Rev. D. Charles Gardner.
The Stanford Band will provide the
music for the occasion. It is planned
to have the ceremonies in connection
with the dedication of the flag last
about one-hall' hour.
Stanford's battalion comprising the
Reserve Officers' Training Corps will
form an "Escort to the Colors" on
Saturday morning, March 10, in open
ing the exercises of the day in com
memoration of the birth of the found
ers and the twenty-fifth anniversary
of the opening of the University. The
corps will form the escort to the col
ors to the inner quad, beginning at
9:30 o'clock.
The flag will be dedicated in Mem
orial Church, after which the men
will be addressed by the chaplain of
the corps, Rev. D. Charles Gardner.
The Stanford Band will provide the
music for the occasion. It is planned
to have the ceremonies in connection
with the dedication of the flag last
about one-hall' hour.
Stanford's battalion comprising the
Reserve Officers' Training Corps will
form an "Escort to the Colors" on
Saturday morning, March 10, in open
ing the exercises of the day in com
memoration of the birth of the found
ers and the twenty-fifth anniversary
of the opening of the University. The
corps will form the escort to the col
ors to the inner quad, beginning at
9:30 o'clock.
The flag will be dedicated in Mem
orial Church, after which the men
will be addressed by the chaplain of
the corps, Rev. D. Charles Gardner.
The Stanford Band will provide the
music for the occasion. It is planned
to have the ceremonies in connection
with the dedication of the flag last
about one-hall' hour.
Stanford's battalion comprising the
Reserve Officers' Training Corps will
form an "Escort to the Colors" on
Saturday morning, March 10, in open
ing the exercises of the day in com
memoration of the birth of the found
ers and the twenty-fifth anniversary
of the opening of the University. The
corps will form the escort to the col
ors to the inner quad, beginning at
9:30 o'clock.
The flag will be dedicated in Mem
orial Church, after which the men
will be addressed by the chaplain of
the corps, Rev. D. Charles Gardner.
The Stanford Band will provide the
music for the occasion. It is planned
to have the ceremonies in connection
with the dedication of the flag last
about one-hall' hour.
Stanford's battalion comprising the
Reserve Officers' Training Corps will
form an "Escort to the Colors" on
Saturday morning, March 10, in open
ing the exercises of the day in com
memoration of the birth of the found
ers and the twenty-fifth anniversary
of the opening of the University. The
corps will form the escort to the col
ors to the inner quad, beginning at
9:30 o'clock.
The flag will be dedicated in Mem
orial Church, after which the men
will be addressed by the chaplain of
the corps, Rev. D. Charles Gardner.
The Stanford Band will provide the
music for the occasion. It is planned
to have the ceremonies in connection
with the dedication of the flag last
about one-hall' hour.
Stanford's battalion comprising the
Reserve Officers' Training Corps will
form an "Escort to the Colors" on
Saturday morning, March 10, in open
ing the exercises of the day in com
memoration of the birth of the found
ers and the twenty-fifth anniversary
of the opening of the University. The
corps will form the escort to the col
ors to the inner quad, beginning at
9:30 o'clock.
The flag will be dedicated in Mem
orial Church, after which the men
will be addressed by the chaplain of
the corps, Rev. D. Charles Gardner.
The Stanford Band will provide the
music for the occasion. It is planned
to have the ceremonies in connection
with the dedication of the flag last
about one-hall' hour.
Stanford's battalion comprising the
Reserve Officers' Training Corps will
form an "Escort to the Colors" on
Saturday morning, March 10, in open
ing the exercises of the day in com
memoration of the birth of the found
ers and the twenty-fifth anniversary
of the opening of the University. The
corps will form the escort to the col
ors to the inner quad, beginning at
9:30 o'clock.
The flag will be dedicated in Mem
orial Church, after which the men
will be addressed by the chaplain of
the corps, Rev. D. Charles Gardner.
The Stanford Band will provide the
music for the occasion. It is planned
to have the ceremonies in connection
with the dedication of the flag last
about one-hall' hour.
Stanford's battalion comprising the
Reserve Officers' Training Corps will
form an "Escort to the Colors" on
Saturday morning, March 10, in open
ing the exercises of the day in com
memoration of the birth of the found
ers and the twenty-fifth anniversary
of the opening of the University. The
corps will form the escort to the col
ors to the inner quad, beginning at
9:30 o'clock.
The flag will be dedicated in Mem
orial Church, after which the men
will be addressed by the chaplain of
the corps, Rev. D. Charles Gardner.
The Stanford Band will provide the
music for the occasion. It is planned
to have the ceremonies in connection
with the dedication of the flag last
about one-hall' hour.
Stanford's battalion comprising the
Reserve Officers' Training Corps will
form an "Escort to the Colors" on
Saturday morning, March 10, in open
ing the exercises of the day in com
memoration of the birth of the found
ers and the twenty-fifth anniversary
of the opening of the University. The
corps will form the escort to the col
ors to the inner quad, beginning at
9:30 o'clock.
The flag will be dedicated in Mem
orial Church, after which the men
will be addressed by the chaplain of
the corps, Rev. D. Charles Gardner.
The Stanford Band will provide the
music for the occasion. It is planned
to have the ceremonies in connection
with the dedication of the flag last
about one-hall' hour.
