# Fraternities Will Meet to Discuss Constitution
## 
### 
Fraternity representatives will meet
to discuss the proposed constitution
for an Interfraternity Conference, at
the Phi Delta Theta house, Thursday
night, at 7:15.
The constitution was .proposed at
the last meeting of fraternity men,
and copies were printed and distrib
uted to every fraternity on the cam
pus, to be brought up to the members
at their respective chapter meetings.
Fraternity representatives will meet
to discuss the proposed constitution
for an Interfraternity Conference, at
the Phi Delta Theta house, Thursday
night, at 7:15.
The constitution was .proposed at
the last meeting of fraternity men,
and copies were printed and distrib
uted to every fraternity on the cam
pus, to be brought up to the members
at their respective chapter meetings.
Fraternity representatives will meet
to discuss the proposed constitution
for an Interfraternity Conference, at
the Phi Delta Theta house, Thursday
night, at 7:15.
The constitution was .proposed at
the last meeting of fraternity men,
and copies were printed and distrib
uted to every fraternity on the cam
pus, to be brought up to the members
at their respective chapter meetings.
Fraternity representatives will meet
to discuss the proposed constitution
for an Interfraternity Conference, at
the Phi Delta Theta house, Thursday
night, at 7:15.
The constitution was .proposed at
the last meeting of fraternity men,
and copies were printed and distrib
uted to every fraternity on the cam
pus, to be brought up to the members
at their respective chapter meetings.
Fraternity representatives will meet
to discuss the proposed constitution
for an Interfraternity Conference, at
the Phi Delta Theta house, Thursday
night, at 7:15.
The constitution was .proposed at
the last meeting of fraternity men,
and copies were printed and distrib
uted to every fraternity on the cam
pus, to be brought up to the members
at their respective chapter meetings.
Fraternity representatives will meet
to discuss the proposed constitution
for an Interfraternity Conference, at
the Phi Delta Theta house, Thursday
night, at 7:15.
The constitution was .proposed at
the last meeting of fraternity men,
and copies were printed and distrib
uted to every fraternity on the cam
pus, to be brought up to the members
at their respective chapter meetings.
Fraternity representatives will meet
to discuss the proposed constitution
for an Interfraternity Conference, at
the Phi Delta Theta house, Thursday
night, at 7:15.
The constitution was .proposed at
the last meeting of fraternity men,
and copies were printed and distrib
uted to every fraternity on the cam
pus, to be brought up to the members
at their respective chapter meetings.
Fraternity representatives will meet
to discuss the proposed constitution
for an Interfraternity Conference, at
the Phi Delta Theta house, Thursday
night, at 7:15.
The constitution was .proposed at
the last meeting of fraternity men,
and copies were printed and distrib
uted to every fraternity on the cam
pus, to be brought up to the members
at their respective chapter meetings.
Fraternity representatives will meet
to discuss the proposed constitution
for an Interfraternity Conference, at
the Phi Delta Theta house, Thursday
night, at 7:15.
The constitution was .proposed at
the last meeting of fraternity men,
and copies were printed and distrib
uted to every fraternity on the cam
pus, to be brought up to the members
at their respective chapter meetings.
Fraternity representatives will meet
to discuss the proposed constitution
for an Interfraternity Conference, at
the Phi Delta Theta house, Thursday
night, at 7:15.
The constitution was .proposed at
the last meeting of fraternity men,
and copies were printed and distrib
uted to every fraternity on the cam
pus, to be brought up to the members
at their respective chapter meetings.
Fraternity representatives will meet
to discuss the proposed constitution
for an Interfraternity Conference, at
the Phi Delta Theta house, Thursday
night, at 7:15.
The constitution was .proposed at
the last meeting of fraternity men,
and copies were printed and distrib
uted to every fraternity on the cam
pus, to be brought up to the members
at their respective chapter meetings.
Fraternity representatives will meet
to discuss the proposed constitution
for an Interfraternity Conference, at
the Phi Delta Theta house, Thursday
night, at 7:15.
The constitution was .proposed at
the last meeting of fraternity men,
and copies were printed and distrib
uted to every fraternity on the cam
pus, to be brought up to the members
at their respective chapter meetings.
Fraternity representatives will meet
to discuss the proposed constitution
for an Interfraternity Conference, at
the Phi Delta Theta house, Thursday
night, at 7:15.
The constitution was .proposed at
the last meeting of fraternity men,
and copies were printed and distrib
uted to every fraternity on the cam
pus, to be brought up to the members
at their respective chapter meetings.
Fraternity representatives will meet
to discuss the proposed constitution
for an Interfraternity Conference, at
the Phi Delta Theta house, Thursday
night, at 7:15.
The constitution was .proposed at
the last meeting of fraternity men,
and copies were printed and distrib
uted to every fraternity on the cam
pus, to be brought up to the members
at their respective chapter meetings.
Fraternity representatives will meet
to discuss the proposed constitution
for an Interfraternity Conference, at
the Phi Delta Theta house, Thursday
night, at 7:15.
The constitution was .proposed at
the last meeting of fraternity men,
and copies were printed and distrib
uted to every fraternity on the cam
pus, to be brought up to the members
at their respective chapter meetings.
