# Men's golf
## 
### 
TODAY — 8 30 am at the Stanford Golf Course.
RECORDS — The Cardinal is in sixth place after two
rounds of competition The tournament boasts a new
format with the host men's squad playing each hole
as a team
TODAY — 8 30 am at the Stanford Golf Course.
RECORDS — The Cardinal is in sixth place after two
rounds of competition The tournament boasts a new
format with the host men's squad playing each hole
as a team
TODAY — 8 30 am at the Stanford Golf Course.
RECORDS — The Cardinal is in sixth place after two
rounds of competition The tournament boasts a new
format with the host men's squad playing each hole
as a team
TODAY — 8 30 am at the Stanford Golf Course.
RECORDS — The Cardinal is in sixth place after two
rounds of competition The tournament boasts a new
format with the host men's squad playing each hole
as a team
TODAY — 8 30 am at the Stanford Golf Course.
RECORDS — The Cardinal is in sixth place after two
rounds of competition The tournament boasts a new
format with the host men's squad playing each hole
as a team
TODAY — 8 30 am at the Stanford Golf Course.
RECORDS — The Cardinal is in sixth place after two
rounds of competition The tournament boasts a new
format with the host men's squad playing each hole
as a team
TODAY — 8 30 am at the Stanford Golf Course.
RECORDS — The Cardinal is in sixth place after two
rounds of competition The tournament boasts a new
format with the host men's squad playing each hole
as a team
TODAY — 8 30 am at the Stanford Golf Course.
RECORDS — The Cardinal is in sixth place after two
rounds of competition The tournament boasts a new
format with the host men's squad playing each hole
as a team
