# Initial 1910 Dinner Very Successful.
## 
### 
Between twenty and twenty-five men
of the 1910 class who are now op the
campus, gathered last night at the
Stanford Inn and started the custom
which they hope to continue of meet
ing at regular intervals and dining
together. The initial dinner of the
class was highly successful and the
outcome of last night's gathering au
gurs well for the continuation of the
idea.
Between twenty and twenty-five men
of the 1910 class who are now op the
campus, gathered last night at the
Stanford Inn and started the custom
which they hope to continue of meet
ing at regular intervals and dining
together. The initial dinner of the
class was highly successful and the
outcome of last night's gathering au
gurs well for the continuation of the
idea.
Between twenty and twenty-five men
of the 1910 class who are now op the
campus, gathered last night at the
Stanford Inn and started the custom
which they hope to continue of meet
ing at regular intervals and dining
together. The initial dinner of the
class was highly successful and the
outcome of last night's gathering au
gurs well for the continuation of the
idea.
Between twenty and twenty-five men
of the 1910 class who are now op the
campus, gathered last night at the
Stanford Inn and started the custom
which they hope to continue of meet
ing at regular intervals and dining
together. The initial dinner of the
class was highly successful and the
outcome of last night's gathering au
gurs well for the continuation of the
idea.
Between twenty and twenty-five men
of the 1910 class who are now op the
campus, gathered last night at the
Stanford Inn and started the custom
which they hope to continue of meet
ing at regular intervals and dining
together. The initial dinner of the
class was highly successful and the
outcome of last night's gathering au
gurs well for the continuation of the
idea.
Between twenty and twenty-five men
of the 1910 class who are now op the
campus, gathered last night at the
Stanford Inn and started the custom
which they hope to continue of meet
ing at regular intervals and dining
together. The initial dinner of the
class was highly successful and the
outcome of last night's gathering au
gurs well for the continuation of the
idea.
Between twenty and twenty-five men
of the 1910 class who are now op the
campus, gathered last night at the
Stanford Inn and started the custom
which they hope to continue of meet
ing at regular intervals and dining
together. The initial dinner of the
class was highly successful and the
outcome of last night's gathering au
gurs well for the continuation of the
idea.
Between twenty and twenty-five men
of the 1910 class who are now op the
campus, gathered last night at the
Stanford Inn and started the custom
which they hope to continue of meet
ing at regular intervals and dining
together. The initial dinner of the
class was highly successful and the
outcome of last night's gathering au
gurs well for the continuation of the
idea.
Between twenty and twenty-five men
of the 1910 class who are now op the
campus, gathered last night at the
Stanford Inn and started the custom
which they hope to continue of meet
ing at regular intervals and dining
together. The initial dinner of the
class was highly successful and the
outcome of last night's gathering au
gurs well for the continuation of the
idea.
Between twenty and twenty-five men
of the 1910 class who are now op the
campus, gathered last night at the
Stanford Inn and started the custom
which they hope to continue of meet
ing at regular intervals and dining
together. The initial dinner of the
class was highly successful and the
outcome of last night's gathering au
gurs well for the continuation of the
idea.
Between twenty and twenty-five men
of the 1910 class who are now op the
campus, gathered last night at the
Stanford Inn and started the custom
which they hope to continue of meet
ing at regular intervals and dining
together. The initial dinner of the
class was highly successful and the
outcome of last night's gathering au
gurs well for the continuation of the
idea.
Between twenty and twenty-five men
of the 1910 class who are now op the
campus, gathered last night at the
Stanford Inn and started the custom
which they hope to continue of meet
ing at regular intervals and dining
together. The initial dinner of the
class was highly successful and the
outcome of last night's gathering au
gurs well for the continuation of the
idea.
