# Plans Completed For 19l4 Jolly-up.
## 
### 
The Sophomore Jolly-up committee
announces that all is in readiness for
the Ii: get-together of the second
year class Saturday night. Profiting
by the criticisms of the jolly-ups of
the other classes the members of the
committee which has the affait* in
charge will try to make Saturday
night's affair the best that any das'
has yet participated in. The custom
ary "eats" will be much in evidence.
McDonald's orchestra has been«-»ecur
ed at considerable expense to furnish
music for the dancers.
The Sophomore Jolly-up committee
announces that all is in readiness for
the Ii: get-together of the second
year class Saturday night. Profiting
by the criticisms of the jolly-ups of
the other classes the members of the
committee which has the affait* in
charge will try to make Saturday
night's affair the best that any das'
has yet participated in. The custom
ary "eats" will be much in evidence.
McDonald's orchestra has been«-»ecur
ed at considerable expense to furnish
music for the dancers.
The Sophomore Jolly-up committee
announces that all is in readiness for
the Ii: get-together of the second
year class Saturday night. Profiting
by the criticisms of the jolly-ups of
the other classes the members of the
committee which has the affait* in
charge will try to make Saturday
night's affair the best that any das'
has yet participated in. The custom
ary "eats" will be much in evidence.
McDonald's orchestra has been«-»ecur
ed at considerable expense to furnish
music for the dancers.
The Sophomore Jolly-up committee
announces that all is in readiness for
the Ii: get-together of the second
year class Saturday night. Profiting
by the criticisms of the jolly-ups of
the other classes the members of the
committee which has the affait* in
charge will try to make Saturday
night's affair the best that any das'
has yet participated in. The custom
ary "eats" will be much in evidence.
McDonald's orchestra has been«-»ecur
ed at considerable expense to furnish
music for the dancers.
The Sophomore Jolly-up committee
announces that all is in readiness for
the Ii: get-together of the second
year class Saturday night. Profiting
by the criticisms of the jolly-ups of
the other classes the members of the
committee which has the affait* in
charge will try to make Saturday
night's affair the best that any das'
has yet participated in. The custom
ary "eats" will be much in evidence.
McDonald's orchestra has been«-»ecur
ed at considerable expense to furnish
music for the dancers.
The Sophomore Jolly-up committee
announces that all is in readiness for
the Ii: get-together of the second
year class Saturday night. Profiting
by the criticisms of the jolly-ups of
the other classes the members of the
committee which has the affait* in
charge will try to make Saturday
night's affair the best that any das'
has yet participated in. The custom
ary "eats" will be much in evidence.
McDonald's orchestra has been«-»ecur
ed at considerable expense to furnish
music for the dancers.
The Sophomore Jolly-up committee
announces that all is in readiness for
the Ii: get-together of the second
year class Saturday night. Profiting
by the criticisms of the jolly-ups of
the other classes the members of the
committee which has the affait* in
charge will try to make Saturday
night's affair the best that any das'
has yet participated in. The custom
ary "eats" will be much in evidence.
McDonald's orchestra has been«-»ecur
ed at considerable expense to furnish
music for the dancers.
The Sophomore Jolly-up committee
announces that all is in readiness for
the Ii: get-together of the second
year class Saturday night. Profiting
by the criticisms of the jolly-ups of
the other classes the members of the
committee which has the affait* in
charge will try to make Saturday
night's affair the best that any das'
has yet participated in. The custom
ary "eats" will be much in evidence.
McDonald's orchestra has been«-»ecur
ed at considerable expense to furnish
music for the dancers.
The Sophomore Jolly-up committee
announces that all is in readiness for
the Ii: get-together of the second
year class Saturday night. Profiting
by the criticisms of the jolly-ups of
the other classes the members of the
committee which has the affait* in
charge will try to make Saturday
night's affair the best that any das'
has yet participated in. The custom
ary "eats" will be much in evidence.
McDonald's orchestra has been«-»ecur
ed at considerable expense to furnish
music for the dancers.
The Sophomore Jolly-up committee
announces that all is in readiness for
the Ii: get-together of the second
year class Saturday night. Profiting
by the criticisms of the jolly-ups of
the other classes the members of the
committee which has the affait* in
charge will try to make Saturday
night's affair the best that any das'
has yet participated in. The custom
ary "eats" will be much in evidence.
McDonald's orchestra has been«-»ecur
ed at considerable expense to furnish
music for the dancers.
The Sophomore Jolly-up committee
announces that all is in readiness for
the Ii: get-together of the second
year class Saturday night. Profiting
by the criticisms of the jolly-ups of
the other classes the members of the
committee which has the affait* in
charge will try to make Saturday
night's affair the best that any das'
has yet participated in. The custom
ary "eats" will be much in evidence.
McDonald's orchestra has been«-»ecur
ed at considerable expense to furnish
music for the dancers.
The Sophomore Jolly-up committee
announces that all is in readiness for
the Ii: get-together of the second
year class Saturday night. Profiting
by the criticisms of the jolly-ups of
the other classes the members of the
committee which has the affait* in
charge will try to make Saturday
night's affair the best that any das'
has yet participated in. The custom
ary "eats" will be much in evidence.
McDonald's orchestra has been«-»ecur
ed at considerable expense to furnish
music for the dancers.
