# For the record
## 
### 
A Campus Bulletin item in
Monday's Daily incorrectly re
ported the name of a center of
fering grants and fellowships to
students interested in European
studies. The awards are being of
fered by the Center for European
Studies. For more information,
call 723-9593.
A Campus Bulletin item in
Monday's Daily incorrectly re
ported the name of a center of
fering grants and fellowships to
students interested in European
studies. The awards are being of
fered by the Center for European
Studies. For more information,
call 723-9593.
A Campus Bulletin item in
Monday's Daily incorrectly re
ported the name of a center of
fering grants and fellowships to
students interested in European
studies. The awards are being of
fered by the Center for European
Studies. For more information,
call 723-9593.
A Campus Bulletin item in
Monday's Daily incorrectly re
ported the name of a center of
fering grants and fellowships to
students interested in European
studies. The awards are being of
fered by the Center for European
Studies. For more information,
call 723-9593.
A Campus Bulletin item in
Monday's Daily incorrectly re
ported the name of a center of
fering grants and fellowships to
students interested in European
studies. The awards are being of
fered by the Center for European
Studies. For more information,
call 723-9593.
A Campus Bulletin item in
Monday's Daily incorrectly re
ported the name of a center of
fering grants and fellowships to
students interested in European
studies. The awards are being of
fered by the Center for European
Studies. For more information,
call 723-9593.
A Campus Bulletin item in
Monday's Daily incorrectly re
ported the name of a center of
fering grants and fellowships to
students interested in European
studies. The awards are being of
fered by the Center for European
Studies. For more information,
call 723-9593.
