# Chemistry Society Will Give Smoker February 26
## 
### 
An invitational meeting and smoker
will be given by Alpha Chi Sigma,
honorary chemistry society, in the
Union on February 28. Professor E. C.
Franklin, newly elected president of
the American Chemistry Society, will
give a short talk. Smokes, stunts and
refreshments will conclude the enter
tainment.
\
An invitational meeting and smoker
will be given by Alpha Chi Sigma,
honorary chemistry society, in the
Union on February 28. Professor E. C.
Franklin, newly elected president of
the American Chemistry Society, will
give a short talk. Smokes, stunts and
refreshments will conclude the enter
tainment.
\
An invitational meeting and smoker
will be given by Alpha Chi Sigma,
honorary chemistry society, in the
Union on February 28. Professor E. C.
Franklin, newly elected president of
the American Chemistry Society, will
give a short talk. Smokes, stunts and
refreshments will conclude the enter
tainment.
\
An invitational meeting and smoker
will be given by Alpha Chi Sigma,
honorary chemistry society, in the
Union on February 28. Professor E. C.
Franklin, newly elected president of
the American Chemistry Society, will
give a short talk. Smokes, stunts and
refreshments will conclude the enter
tainment.
\
An invitational meeting and smoker
will be given by Alpha Chi Sigma,
honorary chemistry society, in the
Union on February 28. Professor E. C.
Franklin, newly elected president of
the American Chemistry Society, will
give a short talk. Smokes, stunts and
refreshments will conclude the enter
tainment.
\
An invitational meeting and smoker
will be given by Alpha Chi Sigma,
honorary chemistry society, in the
Union on February 28. Professor E. C.
Franklin, newly elected president of
the American Chemistry Society, will
give a short talk. Smokes, stunts and
refreshments will conclude the enter
tainment.
\
An invitational meeting and smoker
will be given by Alpha Chi Sigma,
honorary chemistry society, in the
Union on February 28. Professor E. C.
Franklin, newly elected president of
the American Chemistry Society, will
give a short talk. Smokes, stunts and
refreshments will conclude the enter
tainment.
\
An invitational meeting and smoker
will be given by Alpha Chi Sigma,
honorary chemistry society, in the
Union on February 28. Professor E. C.
Franklin, newly elected president of
the American Chemistry Society, will
give a short talk. Smokes, stunts and
refreshments will conclude the enter
tainment.
\
An invitational meeting and smoker
will be given by Alpha Chi Sigma,
honorary chemistry society, in the
Union on February 28. Professor E. C.
Franklin, newly elected president of
the American Chemistry Society, will
give a short talk. Smokes, stunts and
refreshments will conclude the enter
tainment.
\
An invitational meeting and smoker
will be given by Alpha Chi Sigma,
honorary chemistry society, in the
Union on February 28. Professor E. C.
Franklin, newly elected president of
the American Chemistry Society, will
give a short talk. Smokes, stunts and
refreshments will conclude the enter
tainment.
\
An invitational meeting and smoker
will be given by Alpha Chi Sigma,
honorary chemistry society, in the
Union on February 28. Professor E. C.
Franklin, newly elected president of
the American Chemistry Society, will
give a short talk. Smokes, stunts and
refreshments will conclude the enter
tainment.
\
An invitational meeting and smoker
will be given by Alpha Chi Sigma,
honorary chemistry society, in the
Union on February 28. Professor E. C.
Franklin, newly elected president of
the American Chemistry Society, will
give a short talk. Smokes, stunts and
refreshments will conclude the enter
tainment.
\
An invitational meeting and smoker
will be given by Alpha Chi Sigma,
honorary chemistry society, in the
Union on February 28. Professor E. C.
Franklin, newly elected president of
the American Chemistry Society, will
give a short talk. Smokes, stunts and
refreshments will conclude the enter
tainment.
\
An invitational meeting and smoker
will be given by Alpha Chi Sigma,
honorary chemistry society, in the
Union on February 28. Professor E. C.
Franklin, newly elected president of
the American Chemistry Society, will
give a short talk. Smokes, stunts and
refreshments will conclude the enter
tainment.
\
An invitational meeting and smoker
will be given by Alpha Chi Sigma,
honorary chemistry society, in the
Union on February 28. Professor E. C.
Franklin, newly elected president of
the American Chemistry Society, will
give a short talk. Smokes, stunts and
refreshments will conclude the enter
tainment.
\
