# Butterfly Collection Is Presented to University
## 
### 
â€¢
An extensive collection of butterflies
lias recently been received by the En
tomology department of the University.
These butterflies come as a gif: from
Mrs. Louise Mueller and her daughter,
Mrs. ,J. M. Lalor of San Mateo arid
were collected by Mr. G. I. Oscar
Mueller, deceased.
Mr. Mueller began his work in 1595
and at the time of his death in 1914 he
had brought together a collection of
some 2,500 specimens. His mountings
contain most of the California species
of butterflies and many foreign species
obtained through exchange. All are per
fectly mounted and represent the nt< st
valuable acquisition made by the de
partment in many years. The collection
will be on exhibit for several <'
the laboratories of the Entomology de
partment and all who are interested are
invited to come and see them.
