# Adv. 2 Page 3
## 
### 
Write for
World and Nation!
Must know AP
style, write for AP
wire, speak in short
sentences and avoid
serial commas.
Senate / House press
pass or well-stamped
passport required.
Journalism major
preferred.
Take photos for
World and Nation!
Must be willing to
travel the world to
cover breaking news
or be embedded with
military unit in Iraq.
Will train.
£
o
u
03
5-i
£
5
c/D
£
£
£
Write for
World and Nation!
Must know AP
style, write for AP
wire, speak in short
sentences and avoid
serial commas.
Senate / House press
pass or well-stamped
passport required.
Journalism major
preferred.
Take photos for
World and Nation!
Must be willing to
travel the world to
cover breaking news
or be embedded with
military unit in Iraq.
Will train.
£
o
u
03
5-i
£
5
c/D
£
£
£
Write for
World and Nation!
Must know AP
style, write for AP
wire, speak in short
sentences and avoid
serial commas.
Senate / House press
pass or well-stamped
passport required.
Journalism major
preferred.
Take photos for
World and Nation!
Must be willing to
travel the world to
cover breaking news
or be embedded with
military unit in Iraq.
Will train.
£
o
u
03
5-i
£
5
c/D
£
£
£
Write for
World and Nation!
Must know AP
style, write for AP
wire, speak in short
sentences and avoid
serial commas.
Senate / House press
pass or well-stamped
passport required.
Journalism major
preferred.
Take photos for
World and Nation!
Must be willing to
travel the world to
cover breaking news
or be embedded with
military unit in Iraq.
Will train.
£
o
u
03
5-i
£
5
c/D
£
£
£
Write for
World and Nation!
Must know AP
style, write for AP
wire, speak in short
sentences and avoid
serial commas.
Senate / House press
pass or well-stamped
passport required.
Journalism major
preferred.
Take photos for
World and Nation!
Must be willing to
travel the world to
cover breaking news
or be embedded with
military unit in Iraq.
Will train.
£
o
u
03
5-i
£
5
c/D
£
£
£
Write for
World and Nation!
Must know AP
style, write for AP
wire, speak in short
sentences and avoid
serial commas.
Senate / House press
pass or well-stamped
passport required.
Journalism major
preferred.
Take photos for
World and Nation!
Must be willing to
travel the world to
cover breaking news
or be embedded with
military unit in Iraq.
Will train.
£
o
u
03
5-i
£
5
c/D
£
£
£
Write for
World and Nation!
Must know AP
style, write for AP
wire, speak in short
sentences and avoid
serial commas.
Senate / House press
pass or well-stamped
passport required.
Journalism major
preferred.
Take photos for
World and Nation!
Must be willing to
travel the world to
cover breaking news
or be embedded with
military unit in Iraq.
Will train.
£
o
u
03
5-i
£
5
c/D
£
£
£
