# Village to Appoint Student Manager
## 
### 
A student manager for Stanford
Village will he appointed this
quarter, it was deeided at the
Villlage Council meeting last
night.
The main jol> of the Village stu
dent manager will be to manage
the Stanford Village Recreational
Center.
lie will he paid $15 for the bal
ance of (his quarter. If he is re
tained it is expected that his sal
ary will be $.10 each quarter.
Interviews for the position will
open today. Those interested
should go to the Village Counsel
or's office between the hours of
9:30 and 10:30 this morning and
tomorrow morning or in the af
ternoon from 1:30 until 11:30.
Past experience in business and
administrative capacities will be
considered in the selection of the
Village student manager.
