# 1948 Quad Seeks Student Workers
## 
### 
Bill McPherson, editor of the
Quad, urges any students interested
in working on the 15)48 yearbook to
report to the Quad office sometime
between now and final examination
time.
"The Quad needs workers very
badly," McPherson said. "All try
outees and anyone else interested
in working on this year's Quad
should plan to spend some time in
the Quad office between now and
finals."
McPherson also said that seniors
who have not yet turned in their
proofs for the yearbook must send
them to the Du Charme Studios in
San Francisco. Proofs should be
accompanied by the necessary in
structions.
"There are still a few Frosh
Class books available at the Quad
office," McPherson stated. "The
book will be of interest to upper
classmen as well as to freshmen,
and the entire student body is urged
to support this year's edition in
order to assure its publication in
future years."
Bill McPherson, editor of the
Quad, urges any students interested
in working on the 15)48 yearbook to
report to the Quad office sometime
between now and final examination
time.
"The Quad needs workers very
badly," McPherson said. "All try
outees and anyone else interested
in working on this year's Quad
should plan to spend some time in
the Quad office between now and
finals."
McPherson also said that seniors
who have not yet turned in their
proofs for the yearbook must send
them to the Du Charme Studios in
San Francisco. Proofs should be
accompanied by the necessary in
structions.
"There are still a few Frosh
Class books available at the Quad
office," McPherson stated. "The
book will be of interest to upper
classmen as well as to freshmen,
and the entire student body is urged
to support this year's edition in
order to assure its publication in
future years."
Bill McPherson, editor of the
Quad, urges any students interested
in working on the 15)48 yearbook to
report to the Quad office sometime
between now and final examination
time.
"The Quad needs workers very
badly," McPherson said. "All try
outees and anyone else interested
in working on this year's Quad
should plan to spend some time in
the Quad office between now and
finals."
McPherson also said that seniors
who have not yet turned in their
proofs for the yearbook must send
them to the Du Charme Studios in
San Francisco. Proofs should be
accompanied by the necessary in
structions.
"There are still a few Frosh
Class books available at the Quad
office," McPherson stated. "The
book will be of interest to upper
classmen as well as to freshmen,
and the entire student body is urged
to support this year's edition in
order to assure its publication in
future years."
Bill McPherson, editor of the
Quad, urges any students interested
in working on the 15)48 yearbook to
report to the Quad office sometime
between now and final examination
time.
"The Quad needs workers very
badly," McPherson said. "All try
outees and anyone else interested
in working on this year's Quad
should plan to spend some time in
the Quad office between now and
finals."
McPherson also said that seniors
who have not yet turned in their
proofs for the yearbook must send
them to the Du Charme Studios in
San Francisco. Proofs should be
accompanied by the necessary in
structions.
"There are still a few Frosh
Class books available at the Quad
office," McPherson stated. "The
book will be of interest to upper
classmen as well as to freshmen,
and the entire student body is urged
to support this year's edition in
order to assure its publication in
future years."
Bill McPherson, editor of the
Quad, urges any students interested
in working on the 15)48 yearbook to
report to the Quad office sometime
between now and final examination
time.
"The Quad needs workers very
badly," McPherson said. "All try
outees and anyone else interested
in working on this year's Quad
should plan to spend some time in
the Quad office between now and
finals."
McPherson also said that seniors
who have not yet turned in their
proofs for the yearbook must send
them to the Du Charme Studios in
San Francisco. Proofs should be
accompanied by the necessary in
structions.
"There are still a few Frosh
Class books available at the Quad
office," McPherson stated. "The
book will be of interest to upper
classmen as well as to freshmen,
and the entire student body is urged
to support this year's edition in
order to assure its publication in
future years."
Bill McPherson, editor of the
Quad, urges any students interested
in working on the 15)48 yearbook to
report to the Quad office sometime
between now and final examination
time.
"The Quad needs workers very
badly," McPherson said. "All try
outees and anyone else interested
in working on this year's Quad
should plan to spend some time in
the Quad office between now and
finals."
McPherson also said that seniors
who have not yet turned in their
proofs for the yearbook must send
them to the Du Charme Studios in
San Francisco. Proofs should be
accompanied by the necessary in
structions.
"There are still a few Frosh
Class books available at the Quad
office," McPherson stated. "The
book will be of interest to upper
classmen as well as to freshmen,
and the entire student body is urged
to support this year's edition in
order to assure its publication in
future years."
Bill McPherson, editor of the
Quad, urges any students interested
in working on the 15)48 yearbook to
report to the Quad office sometime
between now and final examination
time.
"The Quad needs workers very
badly," McPherson said. "All try
outees and anyone else interested
in working on this year's Quad
should plan to spend some time in
the Quad office between now and
finals."
McPherson also said that seniors
who have not yet turned in their
proofs for the yearbook must send
them to the Du Charme Studios in
San Francisco. Proofs should be
accompanied by the necessary in
structions.
"There are still a few Frosh
Class books available at the Quad
office," McPherson stated. "The
book will be of interest to upper
classmen as well as to freshmen,
and the entire student body is urged
to support this year's edition in
order to assure its publication in
future years."
Bill McPherson, editor of the
Quad, urges any students interested
in working on the 15)48 yearbook to
report to the Quad office sometime
between now and final examination
time.
"The Quad needs workers very
badly," McPherson said. "All try
outees and anyone else interested
in working on this year's Quad
should plan to spend some time in
the Quad office between now and
finals."
McPherson also said that seniors
who have not yet turned in their
proofs for the yearbook must send
them to the Du Charme Studios in
San Francisco. Proofs should be
accompanied by the necessary in
structions.
"There are still a few Frosh
Class books available at the Quad
office," McPherson stated. "The
book will be of interest to upper
classmen as well as to freshmen,
and the entire student body is urged
to support this year's edition in
order to assure its publication in
future years."
Bill McPherson, editor of the
Quad, urges any students interested
in working on the 15)48 yearbook to
report to the Quad office sometime
between now and final examination
time.
"The Quad needs workers very
badly," McPherson said. "All try
outees and anyone else interested
in working on this year's Quad
should plan to spend some time in
the Quad office between now and
finals."
McPherson also said that seniors
who have not yet turned in their
proofs for the yearbook must send
them to the Du Charme Studios in
San Francisco. Proofs should be
accompanied by the necessary in
structions.
"There are still a few Frosh
Class books available at the Quad
office," McPherson stated. "The
book will be of interest to upper
classmen as well as to freshmen,
and the entire student body is urged
to support this year's edition in
order to assure its publication in
future years."
Bill McPherson, editor of the
Quad, urges any students interested
in working on the 15)48 yearbook to
report to the Quad office sometime
between now and final examination
time.
"The Quad needs workers very
badly," McPherson said. "All try
outees and anyone else interested
in working on this year's Quad
should plan to spend some time in
the Quad office between now and
finals."
McPherson also said that seniors
who have not yet turned in their
proofs for the yearbook must send
them to the Du Charme Studios in
San Francisco. Proofs should be
accompanied by the necessary in
structions.
"There are still a few Frosh
Class books available at the Quad
office," McPherson stated. "The
book will be of interest to upper
classmen as well as to freshmen,
and the entire student body is urged
to support this year's edition in
order to assure its publication in
future years."
Bill McPherson, editor of the
Quad, urges any students interested
in working on the 15)48 yearbook to
report to the Quad office sometime
between now and final examination
time.
"The Quad needs workers very
badly," McPherson said. "All try
outees and anyone else interested
in working on this year's Quad
should plan to spend some time in
the Quad office between now and
finals."
McPherson also said that seniors
who have not yet turned in their
proofs for the yearbook must send
them to the Du Charme Studios in
San Francisco. Proofs should be
accompanied by the necessary in
structions.
"There are still a few Frosh
Class books available at the Quad
office," McPherson stated. "The
book will be of interest to upper
classmen as well as to freshmen,
and the entire student body is urged
to support this year's edition in
order to assure its publication in
future years."
Bill McPherson, editor of the
Quad, urges any students interested
in working on the 15)48 yearbook to
report to the Quad office sometime
between now and final examination
time.
"The Quad needs workers very
badly," McPherson said. "All try
outees and anyone else interested
in working on this year's Quad
should plan to spend some time in
the Quad office between now and
finals."
McPherson also said that seniors
who have not yet turned in their
proofs for the yearbook must send
them to the Du Charme Studios in
San Francisco. Proofs should be
accompanied by the necessary in
structions.
"There are still a few Frosh
Class books available at the Quad
office," McPherson stated. "The
book will be of interest to upper
classmen as well as to freshmen,
and the entire student body is urged
to support this year's edition in
order to assure its publication in
future years."
Bill McPherson, editor of the
Quad, urges any students interested
in working on the 15)48 yearbook to
report to the Quad office sometime
between now and final examination
time.
"The Quad needs workers very
badly," McPherson said. "All try
outees and anyone else interested
in working on this year's Quad
should plan to spend some time in
the Quad office between now and
finals."
McPherson also said that seniors
who have not yet turned in their
proofs for the yearbook must send
them to the Du Charme Studios in
San Francisco. Proofs should be
accompanied by the necessary in
structions.
"There are still a few Frosh
Class books available at the Quad
office," McPherson stated. "The
book will be of interest to upper
classmen as well as to freshmen,
and the entire student body is urged
to support this year's edition in
order to assure its publication in
future years."
Bill McPherson, editor of the
Quad, urges any students interested
in working on the 15)48 yearbook to
report to the Quad office sometime
between now and final examination
time.
"The Quad needs workers very
badly," McPherson said. "All try
outees and anyone else interested
in working on this year's Quad
should plan to spend some time in
the Quad office between now and
finals."
McPherson also said that seniors
who have not yet turned in their
proofs for the yearbook must send
them to the Du Charme Studios in
San Francisco. Proofs should be
accompanied by the necessary in
structions.
"There are still a few Frosh
Class books available at the Quad
office," McPherson stated. "The
book will be of interest to upper
classmen as well as to freshmen,
and the entire student body is urged
to support this year's edition in
order to assure its publication in
future years."
Bill McPherson, editor of the
Quad, urges any students interested
in working on the 15)48 yearbook to
report to the Quad office sometime
between now and final examination
time.
"The Quad needs workers very
badly," McPherson said. "All try
outees and anyone else interested
in working on this year's Quad
should plan to spend some time in
the Quad office between now and
finals."
McPherson also said that seniors
who have not yet turned in their
proofs for the yearbook must send
them to the Du Charme Studios in
San Francisco. Proofs should be
accompanied by the necessary in
structions.
"There are still a few Frosh
Class books available at the Quad
office," McPherson stated. "The
book will be of interest to upper
classmen as well as to freshmen,
and the entire student body is urged
to support this year's edition in
order to assure its publication in
future years."
Bill McPherson, editor of the
Quad, urges any students interested
in working on the 15)48 yearbook to
report to the Quad office sometime
between now and final examination
time.
"The Quad needs workers very
badly," McPherson said. "All try
outees and anyone else interested
in working on this year's Quad
should plan to spend some time in
the Quad office between now and
finals."
McPherson also said that seniors
who have not yet turned in their
proofs for the yearbook must send
them to the Du Charme Studios in
San Francisco. Proofs should be
accompanied by the necessary in
structions.
"There are still a few Frosh
Class books available at the Quad
office," McPherson stated. "The
book will be of interest to upper
classmen as well as to freshmen,
and the entire student body is urged
to support this year's edition in
order to assure its publication in
future years."
