# Untitled Article
## 
### 
About 76 tons of tin go into the
construction and equipment of a
battleship.
About 76 tons of tin go into the
construction and equipment of a
battleship.
About 76 tons of tin go into the
construction and equipment of a
battleship.
About 76 tons of tin go into the
construction and equipment of a
battleship.
About 76 tons of tin go into the
construction and equipment of a
battleship.
About 76 tons of tin go into the
construction and equipment of a
battleship.
About 76 tons of tin go into the
construction and equipment of a
battleship.
About 76 tons of tin go into the
construction and equipment of a
battleship.
About 76 tons of tin go into the
construction and equipment of a
battleship.
About 76 tons of tin go into the
construction and equipment of a
battleship.
About 76 tons of tin go into the
construction and equipment of a
battleship.
About 76 tons of tin go into the
construction and equipment of a
battleship.
About 76 tons of tin go into the
construction and equipment of a
battleship.
About 76 tons of tin go into the
construction and equipment of a
battleship.
About 76 tons of tin go into the
construction and equipment of a
battleship.
About 76 tons of tin go into the
construction and equipment of a
battleship.
About 76 tons of tin go into the
construction and equipment of a
battleship.
