# Tuesday Eve. Series Ends for Fall Quarter
## 
### 
The Tuesday Evening Series lec
tures are ended for the quarter,
and will not be resumed until Jan.
11, according to Mr. Clifford Wei
gle, assistant to the general secre
tary.
The Tuesday Evening Series lec
tures are ended for the quarter,
and will not be resumed until Jan.
11, according to Mr. Clifford Wei
gle, assistant to the general secre
tary.
The Tuesday Evening Series lec
tures are ended for the quarter,
and will not be resumed until Jan.
11, according to Mr. Clifford Wei
gle, assistant to the general secre
tary.
The Tuesday Evening Series lec
tures are ended for the quarter,
and will not be resumed until Jan.
11, according to Mr. Clifford Wei
gle, assistant to the general secre
tary.
The Tuesday Evening Series lec
tures are ended for the quarter,
and will not be resumed until Jan.
11, according to Mr. Clifford Wei
gle, assistant to the general secre
tary.
The Tuesday Evening Series lec
tures are ended for the quarter,
and will not be resumed until Jan.
11, according to Mr. Clifford Wei
gle, assistant to the general secre
tary.
The Tuesday Evening Series lec
tures are ended for the quarter,
and will not be resumed until Jan.
11, according to Mr. Clifford Wei
gle, assistant to the general secre
tary.
The Tuesday Evening Series lec
tures are ended for the quarter,
and will not be resumed until Jan.
11, according to Mr. Clifford Wei
gle, assistant to the general secre
tary.
The Tuesday Evening Series lec
tures are ended for the quarter,
and will not be resumed until Jan.
11, according to Mr. Clifford Wei
gle, assistant to the general secre
tary.
The Tuesday Evening Series lec
tures are ended for the quarter,
and will not be resumed until Jan.
11, according to Mr. Clifford Wei
gle, assistant to the general secre
tary.
The Tuesday Evening Series lec
tures are ended for the quarter,
and will not be resumed until Jan.
11, according to Mr. Clifford Wei
gle, assistant to the general secre
tary.
The Tuesday Evening Series lec
tures are ended for the quarter,
and will not be resumed until Jan.
11, according to Mr. Clifford Wei
gle, assistant to the general secre
tary.
The Tuesday Evening Series lec
tures are ended for the quarter,
and will not be resumed until Jan.
11, according to Mr. Clifford Wei
gle, assistant to the general secre
tary.
The Tuesday Evening Series lec
tures are ended for the quarter,
and will not be resumed until Jan.
11, according to Mr. Clifford Wei
gle, assistant to the general secre
tary.
The Tuesday Evening Series lec
tures are ended for the quarter,
and will not be resumed until Jan.
11, according to Mr. Clifford Wei
gle, assistant to the general secre
tary.
The Tuesday Evening Series lec
tures are ended for the quarter,
and will not be resumed until Jan.
11, according to Mr. Clifford Wei
gle, assistant to the general secre
tary.
The Tuesday Evening Series lec
tures are ended for the quarter,
and will not be resumed until Jan.
11, according to Mr. Clifford Wei
gle, assistant to the general secre
tary.
