# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Supplies and equipment for U.S. Marines and Army troops socking Japs on bougainville Island. South
I'acific, are unloaded on beach from two landing ships and tanks. Tractors, trucks and bulldozers aro
taken to beach.

Supplies and equipment for U.S. Marines and Army troops socking Japs on bougainville Island. South
I'acific, are unloaded on beach from two landing ships and tanks. Tractors, trucks and bulldozers aro
taken to beach.

Supplies and equipment for U.S. Marines and Army troops socking Japs on bougainville Island. South
I'acific, are unloaded on beach from two landing ships and tanks. Tractors, trucks and bulldozers aro
taken to beach.

Supplies and equipment for U.S. Marines and Army troops socking Japs on bougainville Island. South
I'acific, are unloaded on beach from two landing ships and tanks. Tractors, trucks and bulldozers aro
taken to beach.

Supplies and equipment for U.S. Marines and Army troops socking Japs on bougainville Island. South
I'acific, are unloaded on beach from two landing ships and tanks. Tractors, trucks and bulldozers aro
taken to beach.

Supplies and equipment for U.S. Marines and Army troops socking Japs on bougainville Island. South
I'acific, are unloaded on beach from two landing ships and tanks. Tractors, trucks and bulldozers aro
taken to beach.

Supplies and equipment for U.S. Marines and Army troops socking Japs on bougainville Island. South
I'acific, are unloaded on beach from two landing ships and tanks. Tractors, trucks and bulldozers aro
taken to beach.

Supplies and equipment for U.S. Marines and Army troops socking Japs on bougainville Island. South
I'acific, are unloaded on beach from two landing ships and tanks. Tractors, trucks and bulldozers aro
taken to beach.

Supplies and equipment for U.S. Marines and Army troops socking Japs on bougainville Island. South
I'acific, are unloaded on beach from two landing ships and tanks. Tractors, trucks and bulldozers aro
taken to beach.

Supplies and equipment for U.S. Marines and Army troops socking Japs on bougainville Island. South
I'acific, are unloaded on beach from two landing ships and tanks. Tractors, trucks and bulldozers aro
taken to beach.

Supplies and equipment for U.S. Marines and Army troops socking Japs on bougainville Island. South
I'acific, are unloaded on beach from two landing ships and tanks. Tractors, trucks and bulldozers aro
taken to beach.

Supplies and equipment for U.S. Marines and Army troops socking Japs on bougainville Island. South
I'acific, are unloaded on beach from two landing ships and tanks. Tractors, trucks and bulldozers aro
taken to beach.

Supplies and equipment for U.S. Marines and Army troops socking Japs on bougainville Island. South
I'acific, are unloaded on beach from two landing ships and tanks. Tractors, trucks and bulldozers aro
taken to beach.

Supplies and equipment for U.S. Marines and Army troops socking Japs on bougainville Island. South
I'acific, are unloaded on beach from two landing ships and tanks. Tractors, trucks and bulldozers aro
taken to beach.

Supplies and equipment for U.S. Marines and Army troops socking Japs on bougainville Island. South
I'acific, are unloaded on beach from two landing ships and tanks. Tractors, trucks and bulldozers aro
taken to beach.

Supplies and equipment for U.S. Marines and Army troops socking Japs on bougainville Island. South
I'acific, are unloaded on beach from two landing ships and tanks. Tractors, trucks and bulldozers aro
taken to beach.

Supplies and equipment for U.S. Marines and Army troops socking Japs on bougainville Island. South
I'acific, are unloaded on beach from two landing ships and tanks. Tractors, trucks and bulldozers aro
taken to beach.
