# Co. LFA Wins Football Crown
## 
### 
What happened to Fightin' Q.M.?
That's what Co. LFA and a large
crowd of spectators would like to
know. Yesterday afternoon at 5,
Fightin' Q.M. was slated to play Co.
LFA for the championship of the
Intra-mural Football League. LFA
was there, the officials were there,
the onlookers were there—but the
Quartermasters couldn't be found.
After a half hour wait the game and
championship were awarded to Co.
LFA by default.
After eight weeks of hard fought,
bruising play in the two divisions,
Fightin Q.M. was the only undefeat
ed squad left in the league, and was
the favorite to knock over LFA and
take the crown. Built up as the top
game of the year, the event proved
an anti-climax to one of the toughest
contested seasons in recent vears.
What happened to Fightin' Q.M.?
That's what Co. LFA and a large
crowd of spectators would like to
know. Yesterday afternoon at 5,
Fightin' Q.M. was slated to play Co.
LFA for the championship of the
Intra-mural Football League. LFA
was there, the officials were there,
the onlookers were there—but the
Quartermasters couldn't be found.
After a half hour wait the game and
championship were awarded to Co.
LFA by default.
After eight weeks of hard fought,
bruising play in the two divisions,
Fightin Q.M. was the only undefeat
ed squad left in the league, and was
the favorite to knock over LFA and
take the crown. Built up as the top
game of the year, the event proved
an anti-climax to one of the toughest
contested seasons in recent vears.
What happened to Fightin' Q.M.?
That's what Co. LFA and a large
crowd of spectators would like to
know. Yesterday afternoon at 5,
Fightin' Q.M. was slated to play Co.
LFA for the championship of the
Intra-mural Football League. LFA
was there, the officials were there,
the onlookers were there—but the
Quartermasters couldn't be found.
After a half hour wait the game and
championship were awarded to Co.
LFA by default.
After eight weeks of hard fought,
bruising play in the two divisions,
Fightin Q.M. was the only undefeat
ed squad left in the league, and was
the favorite to knock over LFA and
take the crown. Built up as the top
game of the year, the event proved
an anti-climax to one of the toughest
contested seasons in recent vears.
What happened to Fightin' Q.M.?
That's what Co. LFA and a large
crowd of spectators would like to
know. Yesterday afternoon at 5,
Fightin' Q.M. was slated to play Co.
LFA for the championship of the
Intra-mural Football League. LFA
was there, the officials were there,
the onlookers were there—but the
Quartermasters couldn't be found.
After a half hour wait the game and
championship were awarded to Co.
LFA by default.
After eight weeks of hard fought,
bruising play in the two divisions,
Fightin Q.M. was the only undefeat
ed squad left in the league, and was
the favorite to knock over LFA and
take the crown. Built up as the top
game of the year, the event proved
an anti-climax to one of the toughest
contested seasons in recent vears.
What happened to Fightin' Q.M.?
That's what Co. LFA and a large
crowd of spectators would like to
know. Yesterday afternoon at 5,
Fightin' Q.M. was slated to play Co.
LFA for the championship of the
Intra-mural Football League. LFA
was there, the officials were there,
the onlookers were there—but the
Quartermasters couldn't be found.
After a half hour wait the game and
championship were awarded to Co.
LFA by default.
After eight weeks of hard fought,
bruising play in the two divisions,
Fightin Q.M. was the only undefeat
ed squad left in the league, and was
the favorite to knock over LFA and
take the crown. Built up as the top
game of the year, the event proved
an anti-climax to one of the toughest
contested seasons in recent vears.
What happened to Fightin' Q.M.?
That's what Co. LFA and a large
crowd of spectators would like to
know. Yesterday afternoon at 5,
Fightin' Q.M. was slated to play Co.
LFA for the championship of the
Intra-mural Football League. LFA
was there, the officials were there,
the onlookers were there—but the
Quartermasters couldn't be found.
After a half hour wait the game and
championship were awarded to Co.
LFA by default.
After eight weeks of hard fought,
bruising play in the two divisions,
Fightin Q.M. was the only undefeat
ed squad left in the league, and was
the favorite to knock over LFA and
take the crown. Built up as the top
game of the year, the event proved
an anti-climax to one of the toughest
contested seasons in recent vears.
What happened to Fightin' Q.M.?
That's what Co. LFA and a large
crowd of spectators would like to
know. Yesterday afternoon at 5,
Fightin' Q.M. was slated to play Co.
LFA for the championship of the
Intra-mural Football League. LFA
was there, the officials were there,
the onlookers were there—but the
Quartermasters couldn't be found.
After a half hour wait the game and
championship were awarded to Co.
LFA by default.
After eight weeks of hard fought,
bruising play in the two divisions,
Fightin Q.M. was the only undefeat
ed squad left in the league, and was
the favorite to knock over LFA and
take the crown. Built up as the top
game of the year, the event proved
an anti-climax to one of the toughest
contested seasons in recent vears.
What happened to Fightin' Q.M.?
That's what Co. LFA and a large
crowd of spectators would like to
know. Yesterday afternoon at 5,
Fightin' Q.M. was slated to play Co.
LFA for the championship of the
Intra-mural Football League. LFA
was there, the officials were there,
the onlookers were there—but the
Quartermasters couldn't be found.
After a half hour wait the game and
championship were awarded to Co.
LFA by default.
After eight weeks of hard fought,
bruising play in the two divisions,
Fightin Q.M. was the only undefeat
ed squad left in the league, and was
the favorite to knock over LFA and
take the crown. Built up as the top
game of the year, the event proved
an anti-climax to one of the toughest
contested seasons in recent vears.
What happened to Fightin' Q.M.?
That's what Co. LFA and a large
crowd of spectators would like to
know. Yesterday afternoon at 5,
Fightin' Q.M. was slated to play Co.
LFA for the championship of the
Intra-mural Football League. LFA
was there, the officials were there,
the onlookers were there—but the
Quartermasters couldn't be found.
After a half hour wait the game and
championship were awarded to Co.
LFA by default.
After eight weeks of hard fought,
bruising play in the two divisions,
Fightin Q.M. was the only undefeat
ed squad left in the league, and was
the favorite to knock over LFA and
take the crown. Built up as the top
game of the year, the event proved
an anti-climax to one of the toughest
contested seasons in recent vears.
What happened to Fightin' Q.M.?
That's what Co. LFA and a large
crowd of spectators would like to
know. Yesterday afternoon at 5,
Fightin' Q.M. was slated to play Co.
LFA for the championship of the
Intra-mural Football League. LFA
was there, the officials were there,
the onlookers were there—but the
Quartermasters couldn't be found.
After a half hour wait the game and
championship were awarded to Co.
LFA by default.
After eight weeks of hard fought,
bruising play in the two divisions,
Fightin Q.M. was the only undefeat
ed squad left in the league, and was
the favorite to knock over LFA and
take the crown. Built up as the top
game of the year, the event proved
an anti-climax to one of the toughest
contested seasons in recent vears.
What happened to Fightin' Q.M.?
That's what Co. LFA and a large
crowd of spectators would like to
know. Yesterday afternoon at 5,
Fightin' Q.M. was slated to play Co.
LFA for the championship of the
Intra-mural Football League. LFA
was there, the officials were there,
the onlookers were there—but the
Quartermasters couldn't be found.
After a half hour wait the game and
championship were awarded to Co.
LFA by default.
After eight weeks of hard fought,
bruising play in the two divisions,
Fightin Q.M. was the only undefeat
ed squad left in the league, and was
the favorite to knock over LFA and
take the crown. Built up as the top
game of the year, the event proved
an anti-climax to one of the toughest
contested seasons in recent vears.
What happened to Fightin' Q.M.?
That's what Co. LFA and a large
crowd of spectators would like to
know. Yesterday afternoon at 5,
Fightin' Q.M. was slated to play Co.
LFA for the championship of the
Intra-mural Football League. LFA
was there, the officials were there,
the onlookers were there—but the
Quartermasters couldn't be found.
After a half hour wait the game and
championship were awarded to Co.
LFA by default.
After eight weeks of hard fought,
bruising play in the two divisions,
Fightin Q.M. was the only undefeat
ed squad left in the league, and was
the favorite to knock over LFA and
take the crown. Built up as the top
game of the year, the event proved
an anti-climax to one of the toughest
contested seasons in recent vears.
What happened to Fightin' Q.M.?
That's what Co. LFA and a large
crowd of spectators would like to
know. Yesterday afternoon at 5,
Fightin' Q.M. was slated to play Co.
LFA for the championship of the
Intra-mural Football League. LFA
was there, the officials were there,
the onlookers were there—but the
Quartermasters couldn't be found.
After a half hour wait the game and
championship were awarded to Co.
LFA by default.
After eight weeks of hard fought,
bruising play in the two divisions,
Fightin Q.M. was the only undefeat
ed squad left in the league, and was
the favorite to knock over LFA and
take the crown. Built up as the top
game of the year, the event proved
an anti-climax to one of the toughest
contested seasons in recent vears.
What happened to Fightin' Q.M.?
That's what Co. LFA and a large
crowd of spectators would like to
know. Yesterday afternoon at 5,
Fightin' Q.M. was slated to play Co.
LFA for the championship of the
Intra-mural Football League. LFA
was there, the officials were there,
the onlookers were there—but the
Quartermasters couldn't be found.
After a half hour wait the game and
championship were awarded to Co.
LFA by default.
After eight weeks of hard fought,
bruising play in the two divisions,
Fightin Q.M. was the only undefeat
ed squad left in the league, and was
the favorite to knock over LFA and
take the crown. Built up as the top
game of the year, the event proved
an anti-climax to one of the toughest
contested seasons in recent vears.
What happened to Fightin' Q.M.?
That's what Co. LFA and a large
crowd of spectators would like to
know. Yesterday afternoon at 5,
Fightin' Q.M. was slated to play Co.
LFA for the championship of the
Intra-mural Football League. LFA
was there, the officials were there,
the onlookers were there—but the
Quartermasters couldn't be found.
After a half hour wait the game and
championship were awarded to Co.
LFA by default.
After eight weeks of hard fought,
bruising play in the two divisions,
Fightin Q.M. was the only undefeat
ed squad left in the league, and was
the favorite to knock over LFA and
take the crown. Built up as the top
game of the year, the event proved
an anti-climax to one of the toughest
contested seasons in recent vears.
What happened to Fightin' Q.M.?
That's what Co. LFA and a large
crowd of spectators would like to
know. Yesterday afternoon at 5,
Fightin' Q.M. was slated to play Co.
LFA for the championship of the
Intra-mural Football League. LFA
was there, the officials were there,
the onlookers were there—but the
Quartermasters couldn't be found.
After a half hour wait the game and
championship were awarded to Co.
LFA by default.
After eight weeks of hard fought,
bruising play in the two divisions,
Fightin Q.M. was the only undefeat
ed squad left in the league, and was
the favorite to knock over LFA and
take the crown. Built up as the top
game of the year, the event proved
an anti-climax to one of the toughest
contested seasons in recent vears.
What happened to Fightin' Q.M.?
That's what Co. LFA and a large
crowd of spectators would like to
know. Yesterday afternoon at 5,
Fightin' Q.M. was slated to play Co.
LFA for the championship of the
Intra-mural Football League. LFA
was there, the officials were there,
the onlookers were there—but the
Quartermasters couldn't be found.
After a half hour wait the game and
championship were awarded to Co.
LFA by default.
After eight weeks of hard fought,
bruising play in the two divisions,
Fightin Q.M. was the only undefeat
ed squad left in the league, and was
the favorite to knock over LFA and
take the crown. Built up as the top
game of the year, the event proved
an anti-climax to one of the toughest
contested seasons in recent vears.
