# Adv. 3 Page 1
## 
### 
INDIANS
■
■
1
■
I
■
i
m
■
■
AFTER EASTER
SPECIALS at R A!
Now that Lent’s spent,
perhaps you might be
too? Pay it no mind.
Your R/A Super-
Charge takes care of
you and your spring
wardrobe needs,
eases you into new
suits, sportcoats,
slacks, socks, under
wear, most anything
you need. All that’s
required to open a
Super/Charge is your
Reg. Card. Nothing
down. Months to pay.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
■
■
1
■
I
■
i
m
■
■
AFTER EASTER
SPECIALS at R A!
Now that Lent’s spent,
perhaps you might be
too? Pay it no mind.
Your R/A Super-
Charge takes care of
you and your spring
wardrobe needs,
eases you into new
suits, sportcoats,
slacks, socks, under
wear, most anything
you need. All that’s
required to open a
Super/Charge is your
Reg. Card. Nothing
down. Months to pay.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
■
■
1
■
I
■
i
m
■
■
AFTER EASTER
SPECIALS at R A!
Now that Lent’s spent,
perhaps you might be
too? Pay it no mind.
Your R/A Super-
Charge takes care of
you and your spring
wardrobe needs,
eases you into new
suits, sportcoats,
slacks, socks, under
wear, most anything
you need. All that’s
required to open a
Super/Charge is your
Reg. Card. Nothing
down. Months to pay.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
■
■
1
■
I
■
i
m
■
■
AFTER EASTER
SPECIALS at R A!
Now that Lent’s spent,
perhaps you might be
too? Pay it no mind.
Your R/A Super-
Charge takes care of
you and your spring
wardrobe needs,
eases you into new
suits, sportcoats,
slacks, socks, under
wear, most anything
you need. All that’s
required to open a
Super/Charge is your
Reg. Card. Nothing
down. Months to pay.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
■
■
1
■
I
■
i
m
■
■
AFTER EASTER
SPECIALS at R A!
Now that Lent’s spent,
perhaps you might be
too? Pay it no mind.
Your R/A Super-
Charge takes care of
you and your spring
wardrobe needs,
eases you into new
suits, sportcoats,
slacks, socks, under
wear, most anything
you need. All that’s
required to open a
Super/Charge is your
Reg. Card. Nothing
down. Months to pay.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
■
■
1
■
I
■
i
m
■
■
AFTER EASTER
SPECIALS at R A!
Now that Lent’s spent,
perhaps you might be
too? Pay it no mind.
Your R/A Super-
Charge takes care of
you and your spring
wardrobe needs,
eases you into new
suits, sportcoats,
slacks, socks, under
wear, most anything
you need. All that’s
required to open a
Super/Charge is your
Reg. Card. Nothing
down. Months to pay.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
■
■
1
■
I
■
i
m
■
■
AFTER EASTER
SPECIALS at R A!
Now that Lent’s spent,
perhaps you might be
too? Pay it no mind.
Your R/A Super-
Charge takes care of
you and your spring
wardrobe needs,
eases you into new
suits, sportcoats,
slacks, socks, under
wear, most anything
you need. All that’s
required to open a
Super/Charge is your
Reg. Card. Nothing
down. Months to pay.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
■
■
1
■
I
■
i
m
■
■
AFTER EASTER
SPECIALS at R A!
Now that Lent’s spent,
perhaps you might be
too? Pay it no mind.
Your R/A Super-
Charge takes care of
you and your spring
wardrobe needs,
eases you into new
suits, sportcoats,
slacks, socks, under
wear, most anything
you need. All that’s
required to open a
Super/Charge is your
Reg. Card. Nothing
down. Months to pay.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
■
■
1
■
I
■
i
m
■
■
AFTER EASTER
SPECIALS at R A!
Now that Lent’s spent,
perhaps you might be
too? Pay it no mind.
Your R/A Super-
Charge takes care of
you and your spring
wardrobe needs,
eases you into new
suits, sportcoats,
slacks, socks, under
wear, most anything
you need. All that’s
required to open a
Super/Charge is your
Reg. Card. Nothing
down. Months to pay.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
■
■
1
■
I
■
i
m
■
■
AFTER EASTER
SPECIALS at R A!
Now that Lent’s spent,
perhaps you might be
too? Pay it no mind.
Your R/A Super-
Charge takes care of
you and your spring
wardrobe needs,
eases you into new
suits, sportcoats,
slacks, socks, under
wear, most anything
you need. All that’s
required to open a
Super/Charge is your
Reg. Card. Nothing
down. Months to pay.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
■
■
1
■
I
■
i
m
■
■
AFTER EASTER
SPECIALS at R A!
Now that Lent’s spent,
perhaps you might be
too? Pay it no mind.
Your R/A Super-
Charge takes care of
you and your spring
wardrobe needs,
eases you into new
suits, sportcoats,
slacks, socks, under
wear, most anything
you need. All that’s
required to open a
Super/Charge is your
Reg. Card. Nothing
down. Months to pay.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
■
■
1
■
I
■
i
m
■
■
AFTER EASTER
SPECIALS at R A!
Now that Lent’s spent,
perhaps you might be
too? Pay it no mind.
Your R/A Super-
Charge takes care of
you and your spring
wardrobe needs,
eases you into new
suits, sportcoats,
slacks, socks, under
wear, most anything
you need. All that’s
required to open a
Super/Charge is your
Reg. Card. Nothing
down. Months to pay.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
■
■
1
■
I
■
i
m
■
■
AFTER EASTER
SPECIALS at R A!
Now that Lent’s spent,
perhaps you might be
too? Pay it no mind.
Your R/A Super-
Charge takes care of
you and your spring
wardrobe needs,
eases you into new
suits, sportcoats,
slacks, socks, under
wear, most anything
you need. All that’s
required to open a
Super/Charge is your
Reg. Card. Nothing
down. Months to pay.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
■
■
1
■
I
■
i
m
■
■
AFTER EASTER
SPECIALS at R A!
Now that Lent’s spent,
perhaps you might be
too? Pay it no mind.
Your R/A Super-
Charge takes care of
you and your spring
wardrobe needs,
eases you into new
suits, sportcoats,
slacks, socks, under
wear, most anything
you need. All that’s
required to open a
Super/Charge is your
Reg. Card. Nothing
down. Months to pay.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
■
■
1
■
I
■
i
m
■
■
AFTER EASTER
SPECIALS at R A!
Now that Lent’s spent,
perhaps you might be
too? Pay it no mind.
Your R/A Super-
Charge takes care of
you and your spring
wardrobe needs,
eases you into new
suits, sportcoats,
slacks, socks, under
wear, most anything
you need. All that’s
required to open a
Super/Charge is your
Reg. Card. Nothing
down. Months to pay.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
■
■
1
■
I
■
i
m
■
■
AFTER EASTER
SPECIALS at R A!
Now that Lent’s spent,
perhaps you might be
too? Pay it no mind.
Your R/A Super-
Charge takes care of
you and your spring
wardrobe needs,
eases you into new
suits, sportcoats,
slacks, socks, under
wear, most anything
you need. All that’s
required to open a
Super/Charge is your
Reg. Card. Nothing
down. Months to pay.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
■
■
1
■
I
■
i
m
■
■
AFTER EASTER
SPECIALS at R A!
Now that Lent’s spent,
perhaps you might be
too? Pay it no mind.
Your R/A Super-
Charge takes care of
you and your spring
wardrobe needs,
eases you into new
suits, sportcoats,
slacks, socks, under
wear, most anything
you need. All that’s
required to open a
Super/Charge is your
Reg. Card. Nothing
down. Months to pay.
roos/atkins
