# 'Status of Negro' Hostel Planned
## 
### 
A Hostel on “The Status of the
Negro in the Modern South” will
be held from 4 p.m. Friday until
before lunch on Saturday. April
27-28 at the Stanford Hostel Bun
galow just off Alpine Road.
The Hostel will be attended by
Dr. David M. Potter, Professor of
History, and Dr. Jack H. Frio
denthal, Professor of Law, and
his wife.
All interested may sign up and
pay their $3 in the ASSU office.
A Hostel on “The Status of the
Negro in the Modern South” will
be held from 4 p.m. Friday until
before lunch on Saturday. April
27-28 at the Stanford Hostel Bun
galow just off Alpine Road.
The Hostel will be attended by
Dr. David M. Potter, Professor of
History, and Dr. Jack H. Frio
denthal, Professor of Law, and
his wife.
All interested may sign up and
pay their $3 in the ASSU office.
A Hostel on “The Status of the
Negro in the Modern South” will
be held from 4 p.m. Friday until
before lunch on Saturday. April
27-28 at the Stanford Hostel Bun
galow just off Alpine Road.
The Hostel will be attended by
Dr. David M. Potter, Professor of
History, and Dr. Jack H. Frio
denthal, Professor of Law, and
his wife.
All interested may sign up and
pay their $3 in the ASSU office.
A Hostel on “The Status of the
Negro in the Modern South” will
be held from 4 p.m. Friday until
before lunch on Saturday. April
27-28 at the Stanford Hostel Bun
galow just off Alpine Road.
The Hostel will be attended by
Dr. David M. Potter, Professor of
History, and Dr. Jack H. Frio
denthal, Professor of Law, and
his wife.
All interested may sign up and
pay their $3 in the ASSU office.
A Hostel on “The Status of the
Negro in the Modern South” will
be held from 4 p.m. Friday until
before lunch on Saturday. April
27-28 at the Stanford Hostel Bun
galow just off Alpine Road.
The Hostel will be attended by
Dr. David M. Potter, Professor of
History, and Dr. Jack H. Frio
denthal, Professor of Law, and
his wife.
All interested may sign up and
pay their $3 in the ASSU office.
A Hostel on “The Status of the
Negro in the Modern South” will
be held from 4 p.m. Friday until
before lunch on Saturday. April
27-28 at the Stanford Hostel Bun
galow just off Alpine Road.
The Hostel will be attended by
Dr. David M. Potter, Professor of
History, and Dr. Jack H. Frio
denthal, Professor of Law, and
his wife.
All interested may sign up and
pay their $3 in the ASSU office.
A Hostel on “The Status of the
Negro in the Modern South” will
be held from 4 p.m. Friday until
before lunch on Saturday. April
27-28 at the Stanford Hostel Bun
galow just off Alpine Road.
The Hostel will be attended by
Dr. David M. Potter, Professor of
History, and Dr. Jack H. Frio
denthal, Professor of Law, and
his wife.
All interested may sign up and
pay their $3 in the ASSU office.
A Hostel on “The Status of the
Negro in the Modern South” will
be held from 4 p.m. Friday until
before lunch on Saturday. April
27-28 at the Stanford Hostel Bun
galow just off Alpine Road.
The Hostel will be attended by
Dr. David M. Potter, Professor of
History, and Dr. Jack H. Frio
denthal, Professor of Law, and
his wife.
All interested may sign up and
pay their $3 in the ASSU office.
A Hostel on “The Status of the
Negro in the Modern South” will
be held from 4 p.m. Friday until
before lunch on Saturday. April
27-28 at the Stanford Hostel Bun
galow just off Alpine Road.
The Hostel will be attended by
Dr. David M. Potter, Professor of
History, and Dr. Jack H. Frio
denthal, Professor of Law, and
his wife.
All interested may sign up and
pay their $3 in the ASSU office.
A Hostel on “The Status of the
Negro in the Modern South” will
be held from 4 p.m. Friday until
before lunch on Saturday. April
27-28 at the Stanford Hostel Bun
galow just off Alpine Road.
The Hostel will be attended by
Dr. David M. Potter, Professor of
History, and Dr. Jack H. Frio
denthal, Professor of Law, and
his wife.
All interested may sign up and
pay their $3 in the ASSU office.
A Hostel on “The Status of the
Negro in the Modern South” will
be held from 4 p.m. Friday until
before lunch on Saturday. April
27-28 at the Stanford Hostel Bun
galow just off Alpine Road.
The Hostel will be attended by
Dr. David M. Potter, Professor of
History, and Dr. Jack H. Frio
denthal, Professor of Law, and
his wife.
All interested may sign up and
pay their $3 in the ASSU office.
A Hostel on “The Status of the
Negro in the Modern South” will
be held from 4 p.m. Friday until
before lunch on Saturday. April
27-28 at the Stanford Hostel Bun
galow just off Alpine Road.
The Hostel will be attended by
Dr. David M. Potter, Professor of
History, and Dr. Jack H. Frio
denthal, Professor of Law, and
his wife.
All interested may sign up and
pay their $3 in the ASSU office.
A Hostel on “The Status of the
Negro in the Modern South” will
be held from 4 p.m. Friday until
before lunch on Saturday. April
27-28 at the Stanford Hostel Bun
galow just off Alpine Road.
The Hostel will be attended by
Dr. David M. Potter, Professor of
History, and Dr. Jack H. Frio
denthal, Professor of Law, and
his wife.
All interested may sign up and
pay their $3 in the ASSU office.
A Hostel on “The Status of the
Negro in the Modern South” will
be held from 4 p.m. Friday until
before lunch on Saturday. April
27-28 at the Stanford Hostel Bun
galow just off Alpine Road.
The Hostel will be attended by
Dr. David M. Potter, Professor of
History, and Dr. Jack H. Frio
denthal, Professor of Law, and
his wife.
All interested may sign up and
pay their $3 in the ASSU office.
A Hostel on “The Status of the
Negro in the Modern South” will
be held from 4 p.m. Friday until
before lunch on Saturday. April
27-28 at the Stanford Hostel Bun
galow just off Alpine Road.
The Hostel will be attended by
Dr. David M. Potter, Professor of
History, and Dr. Jack H. Frio
denthal, Professor of Law, and
his wife.
All interested may sign up and
pay their $3 in the ASSU office.
A Hostel on “The Status of the
Negro in the Modern South” will
be held from 4 p.m. Friday until
before lunch on Saturday. April
27-28 at the Stanford Hostel Bun
galow just off Alpine Road.
The Hostel will be attended by
Dr. David M. Potter, Professor of
History, and Dr. Jack H. Frio
denthal, Professor of Law, and
his wife.
All interested may sign up and
pay their $3 in the ASSU office.
A Hostel on “The Status of the
Negro in the Modern South” will
be held from 4 p.m. Friday until
before lunch on Saturday. April
27-28 at the Stanford Hostel Bun
galow just off Alpine Road.
The Hostel will be attended by
Dr. David M. Potter, Professor of
History, and Dr. Jack H. Frio
denthal, Professor of Law, and
his wife.
All interested may sign up and
pay their $3 in the ASSU office.
