# Univ. of Wash. Bars Communists
## 
### 
Communists will henceforth bo
barred from speaking at the Uni
versity of Washington according
to a policy statement made last
week by President Charles Ode
gaard, as reported in the Univer
sity of Washington Daily.
Existing policy bars organiza
tions and individuals not con
forming to state and federal laws.
In clarifying this policy, Ode
gaard stated that Communists in
this country do not comply with
the federal McCarran Act, there
fore the University will not spon
sor “representatives and spokes
men for the Communist party.”
Odcgaard said, “The University
recognizes a distinction between
discussion in an educational con
text of communism as a social
and political movement and the
provision of a platform for the
advocacy of the communist con
spiracy.”
Communists will henceforth bo
barred from speaking at the Uni
versity of Washington according
to a policy statement made last
week by President Charles Ode
gaard, as reported in the Univer
sity of Washington Daily.
Existing policy bars organiza
tions and individuals not con
forming to state and federal laws.
In clarifying this policy, Ode
gaard stated that Communists in
this country do not comply with
the federal McCarran Act, there
fore the University will not spon
sor “representatives and spokes
men for the Communist party.”
Odcgaard said, “The University
recognizes a distinction between
discussion in an educational con
text of communism as a social
and political movement and the
provision of a platform for the
advocacy of the communist con
spiracy.”
Communists will henceforth bo
barred from speaking at the Uni
versity of Washington according
to a policy statement made last
week by President Charles Ode
gaard, as reported in the Univer
sity of Washington Daily.
Existing policy bars organiza
tions and individuals not con
forming to state and federal laws.
In clarifying this policy, Ode
gaard stated that Communists in
this country do not comply with
the federal McCarran Act, there
fore the University will not spon
sor “representatives and spokes
men for the Communist party.”
Odcgaard said, “The University
recognizes a distinction between
discussion in an educational con
text of communism as a social
and political movement and the
provision of a platform for the
advocacy of the communist con
spiracy.”
Communists will henceforth bo
barred from speaking at the Uni
versity of Washington according
to a policy statement made last
week by President Charles Ode
gaard, as reported in the Univer
sity of Washington Daily.
Existing policy bars organiza
tions and individuals not con
forming to state and federal laws.
In clarifying this policy, Ode
gaard stated that Communists in
this country do not comply with
the federal McCarran Act, there
fore the University will not spon
sor “representatives and spokes
men for the Communist party.”
Odcgaard said, “The University
recognizes a distinction between
discussion in an educational con
text of communism as a social
and political movement and the
provision of a platform for the
advocacy of the communist con
spiracy.”
Communists will henceforth bo
barred from speaking at the Uni
versity of Washington according
to a policy statement made last
week by President Charles Ode
gaard, as reported in the Univer
sity of Washington Daily.
Existing policy bars organiza
tions and individuals not con
forming to state and federal laws.
In clarifying this policy, Ode
gaard stated that Communists in
this country do not comply with
the federal McCarran Act, there
fore the University will not spon
sor “representatives and spokes
men for the Communist party.”
Odcgaard said, “The University
recognizes a distinction between
discussion in an educational con
text of communism as a social
and political movement and the
provision of a platform for the
advocacy of the communist con
spiracy.”
Communists will henceforth bo
barred from speaking at the Uni
versity of Washington according
to a policy statement made last
week by President Charles Ode
gaard, as reported in the Univer
sity of Washington Daily.
Existing policy bars organiza
tions and individuals not con
forming to state and federal laws.
In clarifying this policy, Ode
gaard stated that Communists in
this country do not comply with
the federal McCarran Act, there
fore the University will not spon
sor “representatives and spokes
men for the Communist party.”
Odcgaard said, “The University
recognizes a distinction between
discussion in an educational con
text of communism as a social
and political movement and the
provision of a platform for the
advocacy of the communist con
spiracy.”
Communists will henceforth bo
barred from speaking at the Uni
versity of Washington according
to a policy statement made last
week by President Charles Ode
gaard, as reported in the Univer
sity of Washington Daily.
Existing policy bars organiza
tions and individuals not con
forming to state and federal laws.
In clarifying this policy, Ode
gaard stated that Communists in
this country do not comply with
the federal McCarran Act, there
fore the University will not spon
sor “representatives and spokes
men for the Communist party.”
Odcgaard said, “The University
recognizes a distinction between
discussion in an educational con
text of communism as a social
and political movement and the
provision of a platform for the
advocacy of the communist con
spiracy.”
Communists will henceforth bo
barred from speaking at the Uni
versity of Washington according
to a policy statement made last
week by President Charles Ode
gaard, as reported in the Univer
sity of Washington Daily.
Existing policy bars organiza
tions and individuals not con
forming to state and federal laws.
In clarifying this policy, Ode
gaard stated that Communists in
this country do not comply with
the federal McCarran Act, there
fore the University will not spon
sor “representatives and spokes
men for the Communist party.”
Odcgaard said, “The University
recognizes a distinction between
discussion in an educational con
text of communism as a social
and political movement and the
provision of a platform for the
advocacy of the communist con
spiracy.”
Communists will henceforth bo
barred from speaking at the Uni
versity of Washington according
to a policy statement made last
week by President Charles Ode
gaard, as reported in the Univer
sity of Washington Daily.
Existing policy bars organiza
tions and individuals not con
forming to state and federal laws.
In clarifying this policy, Ode
gaard stated that Communists in
this country do not comply with
the federal McCarran Act, there
fore the University will not spon
sor “representatives and spokes
men for the Communist party.”
Odcgaard said, “The University
recognizes a distinction between
discussion in an educational con
text of communism as a social
and political movement and the
provision of a platform for the
advocacy of the communist con
spiracy.”
Communists will henceforth bo
barred from speaking at the Uni
versity of Washington according
to a policy statement made last
week by President Charles Ode
gaard, as reported in the Univer
sity of Washington Daily.
Existing policy bars organiza
tions and individuals not con
forming to state and federal laws.
In clarifying this policy, Ode
gaard stated that Communists in
this country do not comply with
the federal McCarran Act, there
fore the University will not spon
sor “representatives and spokes
men for the Communist party.”
Odcgaard said, “The University
recognizes a distinction between
discussion in an educational con
text of communism as a social
and political movement and the
provision of a platform for the
advocacy of the communist con
spiracy.”
Communists will henceforth bo
barred from speaking at the Uni
versity of Washington according
to a policy statement made last
week by President Charles Ode
gaard, as reported in the Univer
sity of Washington Daily.
Existing policy bars organiza
tions and individuals not con
forming to state and federal laws.
In clarifying this policy, Ode
gaard stated that Communists in
this country do not comply with
the federal McCarran Act, there
fore the University will not spon
sor “representatives and spokes
men for the Communist party.”
Odcgaard said, “The University
recognizes a distinction between
discussion in an educational con
text of communism as a social
and political movement and the
provision of a platform for the
advocacy of the communist con
spiracy.”
Communists will henceforth bo
barred from speaking at the Uni
versity of Washington according
to a policy statement made last
week by President Charles Ode
gaard, as reported in the Univer
sity of Washington Daily.
Existing policy bars organiza
tions and individuals not con
forming to state and federal laws.
In clarifying this policy, Ode
gaard stated that Communists in
this country do not comply with
the federal McCarran Act, there
fore the University will not spon
sor “representatives and spokes
men for the Communist party.”
Odcgaard said, “The University
recognizes a distinction between
discussion in an educational con
text of communism as a social
and political movement and the
provision of a platform for the
advocacy of the communist con
spiracy.”
Communists will henceforth bo
barred from speaking at the Uni
versity of Washington according
to a policy statement made last
week by President Charles Ode
gaard, as reported in the Univer
sity of Washington Daily.
Existing policy bars organiza
tions and individuals not con
forming to state and federal laws.
In clarifying this policy, Ode
gaard stated that Communists in
this country do not comply with
the federal McCarran Act, there
fore the University will not spon
sor “representatives and spokes
men for the Communist party.”
Odcgaard said, “The University
recognizes a distinction between
discussion in an educational con
text of communism as a social
and political movement and the
provision of a platform for the
advocacy of the communist con
spiracy.”
Communists will henceforth bo
barred from speaking at the Uni
versity of Washington according
to a policy statement made last
week by President Charles Ode
gaard, as reported in the Univer
sity of Washington Daily.
Existing policy bars organiza
tions and individuals not con
forming to state and federal laws.
In clarifying this policy, Ode
gaard stated that Communists in
this country do not comply with
the federal McCarran Act, there
fore the University will not spon
sor “representatives and spokes
men for the Communist party.”
Odcgaard said, “The University
recognizes a distinction between
discussion in an educational con
text of communism as a social
and political movement and the
provision of a platform for the
advocacy of the communist con
spiracy.”
Communists will henceforth bo
barred from speaking at the Uni
versity of Washington according
to a policy statement made last
week by President Charles Ode
gaard, as reported in the Univer
sity of Washington Daily.
Existing policy bars organiza
tions and individuals not con
forming to state and federal laws.
In clarifying this policy, Ode
gaard stated that Communists in
this country do not comply with
the federal McCarran Act, there
fore the University will not spon
sor “representatives and spokes
men for the Communist party.”
Odcgaard said, “The University
recognizes a distinction between
discussion in an educational con
text of communism as a social
and political movement and the
provision of a platform for the
advocacy of the communist con
spiracy.”
Communists will henceforth bo
barred from speaking at the Uni
versity of Washington according
to a policy statement made last
week by President Charles Ode
gaard, as reported in the Univer
sity of Washington Daily.
Existing policy bars organiza
tions and individuals not con
forming to state and federal laws.
In clarifying this policy, Ode
gaard stated that Communists in
this country do not comply with
the federal McCarran Act, there
fore the University will not spon
sor “representatives and spokes
men for the Communist party.”
Odcgaard said, “The University
recognizes a distinction between
discussion in an educational con
text of communism as a social
and political movement and the
provision of a platform for the
advocacy of the communist con
spiracy.”
Communists will henceforth bo
barred from speaking at the Uni
versity of Washington according
to a policy statement made last
week by President Charles Ode
gaard, as reported in the Univer
sity of Washington Daily.
Existing policy bars organiza
tions and individuals not con
forming to state and federal laws.
In clarifying this policy, Ode
gaard stated that Communists in
this country do not comply with
the federal McCarran Act, there
fore the University will not spon
sor “representatives and spokes
men for the Communist party.”
Odcgaard said, “The University
recognizes a distinction between
discussion in an educational con
text of communism as a social
and political movement and the
provision of a platform for the
advocacy of the communist con
spiracy.”
