# Dr. Whitaker Named Acting Biology Dean
## 
### 
Dr. Douglas M. Whitaker, pro
fessor of bioolgy, lias been named
acting dean of the Stanford Uni
versity School of Biological Sci
ences for the remainder of the aca
demic year to succeed the late Dr.
Charles Vincent Taylor, who died
last week, it w;<s announced today
by President Donald B. Tresidder.
The new dean received the A.B.
d?grce from Stanford in 192(> and
the Ph.D. in 1928 and has been on
the Stanford faculty since 1931.
Dr. Whitaker was executive sec
ret-iry of the Division of Biology
and Agriculture of the National
Research Council in 194.'].

The official Lone Star flag of the
State of Texas whs the former flag
of the Texas Republic.
Dr. Douglas M. Whitaker, pro
fessor of bioolgy, lias been named
acting dean of the Stanford Uni
versity School of Biological Sci
ences for the remainder of the aca
demic year to succeed the late Dr.
Charles Vincent Taylor, who died
last week, it w;<s announced today
by President Donald B. Tresidder.
The new dean received the A.B.
d?grce from Stanford in 192(> and
the Ph.D. in 1928 and has been on
the Stanford faculty since 1931.
Dr. Whitaker was executive sec
ret-iry of the Division of Biology
and Agriculture of the National
Research Council in 194.'].

The official Lone Star flag of the
State of Texas whs the former flag
of the Texas Republic.
Dr. Douglas M. Whitaker, pro
fessor of bioolgy, lias been named
acting dean of the Stanford Uni
versity School of Biological Sci
ences for the remainder of the aca
demic year to succeed the late Dr.
Charles Vincent Taylor, who died
last week, it w;<s announced today
by President Donald B. Tresidder.
The new dean received the A.B.
d?grce from Stanford in 192(> and
the Ph.D. in 1928 and has been on
the Stanford faculty since 1931.
Dr. Whitaker was executive sec
ret-iry of the Division of Biology
and Agriculture of the National
Research Council in 194.'].

The official Lone Star flag of the
State of Texas whs the former flag
of the Texas Republic.
Dr. Douglas M. Whitaker, pro
fessor of bioolgy, lias been named
acting dean of the Stanford Uni
versity School of Biological Sci
ences for the remainder of the aca
demic year to succeed the late Dr.
Charles Vincent Taylor, who died
last week, it w;<s announced today
by President Donald B. Tresidder.
The new dean received the A.B.
d?grce from Stanford in 192(> and
the Ph.D. in 1928 and has been on
the Stanford faculty since 1931.
Dr. Whitaker was executive sec
ret-iry of the Division of Biology
and Agriculture of the National
Research Council in 194.'].

The official Lone Star flag of the
State of Texas whs the former flag
of the Texas Republic.
Dr. Douglas M. Whitaker, pro
fessor of bioolgy, lias been named
acting dean of the Stanford Uni
versity School of Biological Sci
ences for the remainder of the aca
demic year to succeed the late Dr.
Charles Vincent Taylor, who died
last week, it w;<s announced today
by President Donald B. Tresidder.
The new dean received the A.B.
d?grce from Stanford in 192(> and
the Ph.D. in 1928 and has been on
the Stanford faculty since 1931.
Dr. Whitaker was executive sec
ret-iry of the Division of Biology
and Agriculture of the National
Research Council in 194.'].

The official Lone Star flag of the
State of Texas whs the former flag
of the Texas Republic.
Dr. Douglas M. Whitaker, pro
fessor of bioolgy, lias been named
acting dean of the Stanford Uni
versity School of Biological Sci
ences for the remainder of the aca
demic year to succeed the late Dr.
Charles Vincent Taylor, who died
last week, it w;<s announced today
by President Donald B. Tresidder.
The new dean received the A.B.
d?grce from Stanford in 192(> and
the Ph.D. in 1928 and has been on
the Stanford faculty since 1931.
Dr. Whitaker was executive sec
ret-iry of the Division of Biology
and Agriculture of the National
Research Council in 194.'].

The official Lone Star flag of the
State of Texas whs the former flag
of the Texas Republic.
Dr. Douglas M. Whitaker, pro
fessor of bioolgy, lias been named
acting dean of the Stanford Uni
versity School of Biological Sci
ences for the remainder of the aca
demic year to succeed the late Dr.
Charles Vincent Taylor, who died
last week, it w;<s announced today
by President Donald B. Tresidder.
The new dean received the A.B.
d?grce from Stanford in 192(> and
the Ph.D. in 1928 and has been on
the Stanford faculty since 1931.
Dr. Whitaker was executive sec
ret-iry of the Division of Biology
and Agriculture of the National
Research Council in 194.'].

The official Lone Star flag of the
State of Texas whs the former flag
of the Texas Republic.
Dr. Douglas M. Whitaker, pro
fessor of bioolgy, lias been named
acting dean of the Stanford Uni
versity School of Biological Sci
ences for the remainder of the aca
demic year to succeed the late Dr.
Charles Vincent Taylor, who died
last week, it w;<s announced today
by President Donald B. Tresidder.
The new dean received the A.B.
d?grce from Stanford in 192(> and
the Ph.D. in 1928 and has been on
the Stanford faculty since 1931.
Dr. Whitaker was executive sec
ret-iry of the Division of Biology
and Agriculture of the National
Research Council in 194.'].

The official Lone Star flag of the
State of Texas whs the former flag
of the Texas Republic.
Dr. Douglas M. Whitaker, pro
fessor of bioolgy, lias been named
acting dean of the Stanford Uni
versity School of Biological Sci
ences for the remainder of the aca
demic year to succeed the late Dr.
Charles Vincent Taylor, who died
last week, it w;<s announced today
by President Donald B. Tresidder.
The new dean received the A.B.
d?grce from Stanford in 192(> and
the Ph.D. in 1928 and has been on
the Stanford faculty since 1931.
Dr. Whitaker was executive sec
ret-iry of the Division of Biology
and Agriculture of the National
Research Council in 194.'].

The official Lone Star flag of the
State of Texas whs the former flag
of the Texas Republic.
Dr. Douglas M. Whitaker, pro
fessor of bioolgy, lias been named
acting dean of the Stanford Uni
versity School of Biological Sci
ences for the remainder of the aca
demic year to succeed the late Dr.
Charles Vincent Taylor, who died
last week, it w;<s announced today
by President Donald B. Tresidder.
The new dean received the A.B.
d?grce from Stanford in 192(> and
the Ph.D. in 1928 and has been on
the Stanford faculty since 1931.
Dr. Whitaker was executive sec
ret-iry of the Division of Biology
and Agriculture of the National
Research Council in 194.'].

The official Lone Star flag of the
State of Texas whs the former flag
of the Texas Republic.
Dr. Douglas M. Whitaker, pro
fessor of bioolgy, lias been named
acting dean of the Stanford Uni
versity School of Biological Sci
ences for the remainder of the aca
demic year to succeed the late Dr.
Charles Vincent Taylor, who died
last week, it w;<s announced today
by President Donald B. Tresidder.
The new dean received the A.B.
d?grce from Stanford in 192(> and
the Ph.D. in 1928 and has been on
the Stanford faculty since 1931.
Dr. Whitaker was executive sec
ret-iry of the Division of Biology
and Agriculture of the National
Research Council in 194.'].

The official Lone Star flag of the
State of Texas whs the former flag
of the Texas Republic.
Dr. Douglas M. Whitaker, pro
fessor of bioolgy, lias been named
acting dean of the Stanford Uni
versity School of Biological Sci
ences for the remainder of the aca
demic year to succeed the late Dr.
Charles Vincent Taylor, who died
last week, it w;<s announced today
by President Donald B. Tresidder.
The new dean received the A.B.
d?grce from Stanford in 192(> and
the Ph.D. in 1928 and has been on
the Stanford faculty since 1931.
Dr. Whitaker was executive sec
ret-iry of the Division of Biology
and Agriculture of the National
Research Council in 194.'].

The official Lone Star flag of the
State of Texas whs the former flag
of the Texas Republic.
Dr. Douglas M. Whitaker, pro
fessor of bioolgy, lias been named
acting dean of the Stanford Uni
versity School of Biological Sci
ences for the remainder of the aca
demic year to succeed the late Dr.
Charles Vincent Taylor, who died
last week, it w;<s announced today
by President Donald B. Tresidder.
The new dean received the A.B.
d?grce from Stanford in 192(> and
the Ph.D. in 1928 and has been on
the Stanford faculty since 1931.
Dr. Whitaker was executive sec
ret-iry of the Division of Biology
and Agriculture of the National
Research Council in 194.'].

The official Lone Star flag of the
State of Texas whs the former flag
of the Texas Republic.
Dr. Douglas M. Whitaker, pro
fessor of bioolgy, lias been named
acting dean of the Stanford Uni
versity School of Biological Sci
ences for the remainder of the aca
demic year to succeed the late Dr.
Charles Vincent Taylor, who died
last week, it w;<s announced today
by President Donald B. Tresidder.
The new dean received the A.B.
d?grce from Stanford in 192(> and
the Ph.D. in 1928 and has been on
the Stanford faculty since 1931.
Dr. Whitaker was executive sec
ret-iry of the Division of Biology
and Agriculture of the National
Research Council in 194.'].

The official Lone Star flag of the
State of Texas whs the former flag
of the Texas Republic.
Dr. Douglas M. Whitaker, pro
fessor of bioolgy, lias been named
acting dean of the Stanford Uni
versity School of Biological Sci
ences for the remainder of the aca
demic year to succeed the late Dr.
Charles Vincent Taylor, who died
last week, it w;<s announced today
by President Donald B. Tresidder.
The new dean received the A.B.
d?grce from Stanford in 192(> and
the Ph.D. in 1928 and has been on
the Stanford faculty since 1931.
Dr. Whitaker was executive sec
ret-iry of the Division of Biology
and Agriculture of the National
Research Council in 194.'].

The official Lone Star flag of the
State of Texas whs the former flag
of the Texas Republic.
