# ALL-UNIVERSITY JOLLY-UP FRIDAY AT CLUBHOUSE
## 
### 
Jolly-up is set for 9 o'clock Fri
day evening, at the Women's Club
house. The Clubhouse has been se
lected because of its more central
location, and because of certain in
convenience in connection with pre
paration of the club room at Encina,
which was first announced as the
location.
Grinstead's regular five-piece
dance orchestra will be responsible
for the music. Nathenson, the well
known saxophone player, has been
added to the organization of the
occasion.
Jolly-up is set for 9 o'clock Fri
day evening, at the Women's Club
house. The Clubhouse has been se
lected because of its more central
location, and because of certain in
convenience in connection with pre
paration of the club room at Encina,
which was first announced as the
location.
Grinstead's regular five-piece
dance orchestra will be responsible
for the music. Nathenson, the well
known saxophone player, has been
added to the organization of the
occasion.
Jolly-up is set for 9 o'clock Fri
day evening, at the Women's Club
house. The Clubhouse has been se
lected because of its more central
location, and because of certain in
convenience in connection with pre
paration of the club room at Encina,
which was first announced as the
location.
Grinstead's regular five-piece
dance orchestra will be responsible
for the music. Nathenson, the well
known saxophone player, has been
added to the organization of the
occasion.
Jolly-up is set for 9 o'clock Fri
day evening, at the Women's Club
house. The Clubhouse has been se
lected because of its more central
location, and because of certain in
convenience in connection with pre
paration of the club room at Encina,
which was first announced as the
location.
Grinstead's regular five-piece
dance orchestra will be responsible
for the music. Nathenson, the well
known saxophone player, has been
added to the organization of the
occasion.
Jolly-up is set for 9 o'clock Fri
day evening, at the Women's Club
house. The Clubhouse has been se
lected because of its more central
location, and because of certain in
convenience in connection with pre
paration of the club room at Encina,
which was first announced as the
location.
Grinstead's regular five-piece
dance orchestra will be responsible
for the music. Nathenson, the well
known saxophone player, has been
added to the organization of the
occasion.
Jolly-up is set for 9 o'clock Fri
day evening, at the Women's Club
house. The Clubhouse has been se
lected because of its more central
location, and because of certain in
convenience in connection with pre
paration of the club room at Encina,
which was first announced as the
location.
Grinstead's regular five-piece
dance orchestra will be responsible
for the music. Nathenson, the well
known saxophone player, has been
added to the organization of the
occasion.
Jolly-up is set for 9 o'clock Fri
day evening, at the Women's Club
house. The Clubhouse has been se
lected because of its more central
location, and because of certain in
convenience in connection with pre
paration of the club room at Encina,
which was first announced as the
location.
Grinstead's regular five-piece
dance orchestra will be responsible
for the music. Nathenson, the well
known saxophone player, has been
added to the organization of the
occasion.
Jolly-up is set for 9 o'clock Fri
day evening, at the Women's Club
house. The Clubhouse has been se
lected because of its more central
location, and because of certain in
convenience in connection with pre
paration of the club room at Encina,
which was first announced as the
location.
Grinstead's regular five-piece
dance orchestra will be responsible
for the music. Nathenson, the well
known saxophone player, has been
added to the organization of the
occasion.
Jolly-up is set for 9 o'clock Fri
day evening, at the Women's Club
house. The Clubhouse has been se
lected because of its more central
location, and because of certain in
convenience in connection with pre
paration of the club room at Encina,
which was first announced as the
location.
Grinstead's regular five-piece
dance orchestra will be responsible
for the music. Nathenson, the well
known saxophone player, has been
added to the organization of the
occasion.
Jolly-up is set for 9 o'clock Fri
day evening, at the Women's Club
house. The Clubhouse has been se
lected because of its more central
location, and because of certain in
convenience in connection with pre
paration of the club room at Encina,
which was first announced as the
location.
Grinstead's regular five-piece
dance orchestra will be responsible
for the music. Nathenson, the well
known saxophone player, has been
added to the organization of the
occasion.
Jolly-up is set for 9 o'clock Fri
day evening, at the Women's Club
house. The Clubhouse has been se
lected because of its more central
location, and because of certain in
convenience in connection with pre
paration of the club room at Encina,
which was first announced as the
location.
Grinstead's regular five-piece
dance orchestra will be responsible
for the music. Nathenson, the well
known saxophone player, has been
added to the organization of the
occasion.
Jolly-up is set for 9 o'clock Fri
day evening, at the Women's Club
house. The Clubhouse has been se
lected because of its more central
location, and because of certain in
convenience in connection with pre
paration of the club room at Encina,
which was first announced as the
location.
Grinstead's regular five-piece
dance orchestra will be responsible
for the music. Nathenson, the well
known saxophone player, has been
added to the organization of the
occasion.
Jolly-up is set for 9 o'clock Fri
day evening, at the Women's Club
house. The Clubhouse has been se
lected because of its more central
location, and because of certain in
convenience in connection with pre
paration of the club room at Encina,
which was first announced as the
location.
Grinstead's regular five-piece
dance orchestra will be responsible
for the music. Nathenson, the well
known saxophone player, has been
added to the organization of the
occasion.
Jolly-up is set for 9 o'clock Fri
day evening, at the Women's Club
house. The Clubhouse has been se
lected because of its more central
location, and because of certain in
convenience in connection with pre
paration of the club room at Encina,
which was first announced as the
location.
Grinstead's regular five-piece
dance orchestra will be responsible
for the music. Nathenson, the well
known saxophone player, has been
added to the organization of the
occasion.
Jolly-up is set for 9 o'clock Fri
day evening, at the Women's Club
house. The Clubhouse has been se
lected because of its more central
location, and because of certain in
convenience in connection with pre
paration of the club room at Encina,
which was first announced as the
location.
Grinstead's regular five-piece
dance orchestra will be responsible
for the music. Nathenson, the well
known saxophone player, has been
added to the organization of the
occasion.
