# Dr. Jordan Postpones Thursday Conference
## 
### 
I)r. Jordan will postpone his Thurs
day conference this evening on ac
count of the meetings of the N. E. A.
He will resume the conferences on
Thursday, July 12.
All students are invited to the
Thursday meetings at Dr. Jordan's
home.
I)r. Jordan will postpone his Thurs
day conference this evening on ac
count of the meetings of the N. E. A.
He will resume the conferences on
Thursday, July 12.
All students are invited to the
Thursday meetings at Dr. Jordan's
home.
I)r. Jordan will postpone his Thurs
day conference this evening on ac
count of the meetings of the N. E. A.
He will resume the conferences on
Thursday, July 12.
All students are invited to the
Thursday meetings at Dr. Jordan's
home.
I)r. Jordan will postpone his Thurs
day conference this evening on ac
count of the meetings of the N. E. A.
He will resume the conferences on
Thursday, July 12.
All students are invited to the
Thursday meetings at Dr. Jordan's
home.
I)r. Jordan will postpone his Thurs
day conference this evening on ac
count of the meetings of the N. E. A.
He will resume the conferences on
Thursday, July 12.
All students are invited to the
Thursday meetings at Dr. Jordan's
home.
I)r. Jordan will postpone his Thurs
day conference this evening on ac
count of the meetings of the N. E. A.
He will resume the conferences on
Thursday, July 12.
All students are invited to the
Thursday meetings at Dr. Jordan's
home.
I)r. Jordan will postpone his Thurs
day conference this evening on ac
count of the meetings of the N. E. A.
He will resume the conferences on
Thursday, July 12.
All students are invited to the
Thursday meetings at Dr. Jordan's
home.
I)r. Jordan will postpone his Thurs
day conference this evening on ac
count of the meetings of the N. E. A.
He will resume the conferences on
Thursday, July 12.
All students are invited to the
Thursday meetings at Dr. Jordan's
home.
I)r. Jordan will postpone his Thurs
day conference this evening on ac
count of the meetings of the N. E. A.
He will resume the conferences on
Thursday, July 12.
All students are invited to the
Thursday meetings at Dr. Jordan's
home.
I)r. Jordan will postpone his Thurs
day conference this evening on ac
count of the meetings of the N. E. A.
He will resume the conferences on
Thursday, July 12.
All students are invited to the
Thursday meetings at Dr. Jordan's
home.
I)r. Jordan will postpone his Thurs
day conference this evening on ac
count of the meetings of the N. E. A.
He will resume the conferences on
Thursday, July 12.
All students are invited to the
Thursday meetings at Dr. Jordan's
home.
I)r. Jordan will postpone his Thurs
day conference this evening on ac
count of the meetings of the N. E. A.
He will resume the conferences on
Thursday, July 12.
All students are invited to the
Thursday meetings at Dr. Jordan's
home.
I)r. Jordan will postpone his Thurs
day conference this evening on ac
count of the meetings of the N. E. A.
He will resume the conferences on
Thursday, July 12.
All students are invited to the
Thursday meetings at Dr. Jordan's
home.
I)r. Jordan will postpone his Thurs
day conference this evening on ac
count of the meetings of the N. E. A.
He will resume the conferences on
Thursday, July 12.
All students are invited to the
Thursday meetings at Dr. Jordan's
home.
I)r. Jordan will postpone his Thurs
day conference this evening on ac
count of the meetings of the N. E. A.
He will resume the conferences on
Thursday, July 12.
All students are invited to the
Thursday meetings at Dr. Jordan's
home.
