# McElroy Returns
## 
### 
Floyd McElroy, former president of
the A. S. S. IT.and 1921 Quad editor,
is spending the summer in Los Altos.
Floyd McElroy, former president of
the A. S. S. IT.and 1921 Quad editor,
is spending the summer in Los Altos.
Floyd McElroy, former president of
the A. S. S. IT.and 1921 Quad editor,
is spending the summer in Los Altos.
Floyd McElroy, former president of
the A. S. S. IT.and 1921 Quad editor,
is spending the summer in Los Altos.
Floyd McElroy, former president of
the A. S. S. IT.and 1921 Quad editor,
is spending the summer in Los Altos.
Floyd McElroy, former president of
the A. S. S. IT.and 1921 Quad editor,
is spending the summer in Los Altos.
Floyd McElroy, former president of
the A. S. S. IT.and 1921 Quad editor,
is spending the summer in Los Altos.
Floyd McElroy, former president of
the A. S. S. IT.and 1921 Quad editor,
is spending the summer in Los Altos.
Floyd McElroy, former president of
the A. S. S. IT.and 1921 Quad editor,
is spending the summer in Los Altos.
Floyd McElroy, former president of
the A. S. S. IT.and 1921 Quad editor,
is spending the summer in Los Altos.
Floyd McElroy, former president of
the A. S. S. IT.and 1921 Quad editor,
is spending the summer in Los Altos.
Floyd McElroy, former president of
the A. S. S. IT.and 1921 Quad editor,
is spending the summer in Los Altos.
Floyd McElroy, former president of
the A. S. S. IT.and 1921 Quad editor,
is spending the summer in Los Altos.
Floyd McElroy, former president of
the A. S. S. IT.and 1921 Quad editor,
is spending the summer in Los Altos.
Floyd McElroy, former president of
the A. S. S. IT.and 1921 Quad editor,
is spending the summer in Los Altos.
