# N.E.A. Conference Attracts Students Of Summer Quarter
## 
### 
The convention of (lie National Edu
cation Association now being held in
San Francisco and Oakland has proven
the Mecca of educators from all cor
ners of the globe. So great has been
the attraction for those enrolled at.
summer session that, although no holi
day has been declared, academic work
has been so arranged as to permit
many to go.
Stanford educators have had a very
prominent part in the convention.
David Starr Jordan addressed the as
sembly on Tuesday, his topic being
"What Can Colleges and Universities
Do to Elevate the Moral Tone of the
Students?" Dr. Elwood Cubberley de
livered a speech on "The National As
pects of American State School Sys
tems."
Others from Stanford who partici
pated and their topics were: Dr. W.
M. Proctor. Assistant Professor of Edu
cation: "The Committee of Fifteen
Survey of Guidance in California; Lee
Emerson Bassett. Associate Professor
of English: "Methodology and Discus
sion on Public Speaking; ' Dr. J. E.
Coover, Department of Psychology:
"Methods of Teaching Typing Based
Upon Psychological Analysis of Expert
Typists;" Oliver Johnston, Romance
Languages: "Interpretations of French
Grammar."
The convention of (lie National Edu
cation Association now being held in
San Francisco and Oakland has proven
the Mecca of educators from all cor
ners of the globe. So great has been
the attraction for those enrolled at.
summer session that, although no holi
day has been declared, academic work
has been so arranged as to permit
many to go.
Stanford educators have had a very
prominent part in the convention.
David Starr Jordan addressed the as
sembly on Tuesday, his topic being
"What Can Colleges and Universities
Do to Elevate the Moral Tone of the
Students?" Dr. Elwood Cubberley de
livered a speech on "The National As
pects of American State School Sys
tems."
Others from Stanford who partici
pated and their topics were: Dr. W.
M. Proctor. Assistant Professor of Edu
cation: "The Committee of Fifteen
Survey of Guidance in California; Lee
Emerson Bassett. Associate Professor
of English: "Methodology and Discus
sion on Public Speaking; ' Dr. J. E.
Coover, Department of Psychology:
"Methods of Teaching Typing Based
Upon Psychological Analysis of Expert
Typists;" Oliver Johnston, Romance
Languages: "Interpretations of French
Grammar."
The convention of (lie National Edu
cation Association now being held in
San Francisco and Oakland has proven
the Mecca of educators from all cor
ners of the globe. So great has been
the attraction for those enrolled at.
summer session that, although no holi
day has been declared, academic work
has been so arranged as to permit
many to go.
Stanford educators have had a very
prominent part in the convention.
David Starr Jordan addressed the as
sembly on Tuesday, his topic being
"What Can Colleges and Universities
Do to Elevate the Moral Tone of the
Students?" Dr. Elwood Cubberley de
livered a speech on "The National As
pects of American State School Sys
tems."
Others from Stanford who partici
pated and their topics were: Dr. W.
M. Proctor. Assistant Professor of Edu
cation: "The Committee of Fifteen
Survey of Guidance in California; Lee
Emerson Bassett. Associate Professor
of English: "Methodology and Discus
sion on Public Speaking; ' Dr. J. E.
Coover, Department of Psychology:
"Methods of Teaching Typing Based
Upon Psychological Analysis of Expert
Typists;" Oliver Johnston, Romance
Languages: "Interpretations of French
Grammar."
The convention of (lie National Edu
cation Association now being held in
San Francisco and Oakland has proven
the Mecca of educators from all cor
ners of the globe. So great has been
the attraction for those enrolled at.
summer session that, although no holi
day has been declared, academic work
has been so arranged as to permit
many to go.
Stanford educators have had a very
prominent part in the convention.
David Starr Jordan addressed the as
sembly on Tuesday, his topic being
"What Can Colleges and Universities
Do to Elevate the Moral Tone of the
Students?" Dr. Elwood Cubberley de
livered a speech on "The National As
pects of American State School Sys
tems."
Others from Stanford who partici
pated and their topics were: Dr. W.
M. Proctor. Assistant Professor of Edu
cation: "The Committee of Fifteen
Survey of Guidance in California; Lee
Emerson Bassett. Associate Professor
of English: "Methodology and Discus
sion on Public Speaking; ' Dr. J. E.
Coover, Department of Psychology:
"Methods of Teaching Typing Based
Upon Psychological Analysis of Expert
Typists;" Oliver Johnston, Romance
Languages: "Interpretations of French
Grammar."
The convention of (lie National Edu
cation Association now being held in
San Francisco and Oakland has proven
the Mecca of educators from all cor
ners of the globe. So great has been
the attraction for those enrolled at.
summer session that, although no holi
day has been declared, academic work
has been so arranged as to permit
many to go.
Stanford educators have had a very
prominent part in the convention.
David Starr Jordan addressed the as
sembly on Tuesday, his topic being
"What Can Colleges and Universities
Do to Elevate the Moral Tone of the
Students?" Dr. Elwood Cubberley de
livered a speech on "The National As
pects of American State School Sys
tems."
Others from Stanford who partici
pated and their topics were: Dr. W.
M. Proctor. Assistant Professor of Edu
cation: "The Committee of Fifteen
Survey of Guidance in California; Lee
Emerson Bassett. Associate Professor
of English: "Methodology and Discus
sion on Public Speaking; ' Dr. J. E.
Coover, Department of Psychology:
"Methods of Teaching Typing Based
Upon Psychological Analysis of Expert
Typists;" Oliver Johnston, Romance
Languages: "Interpretations of French
Grammar."
The convention of (lie National Edu
cation Association now being held in
San Francisco and Oakland has proven
the Mecca of educators from all cor
ners of the globe. So great has been
the attraction for those enrolled at.
summer session that, although no holi
day has been declared, academic work
has been so arranged as to permit
many to go.
Stanford educators have had a very
prominent part in the convention.
David Starr Jordan addressed the as
sembly on Tuesday, his topic being
"What Can Colleges and Universities
Do to Elevate the Moral Tone of the
Students?" Dr. Elwood Cubberley de
livered a speech on "The National As
pects of American State School Sys
tems."
Others from Stanford who partici
pated and their topics were: Dr. W.
M. Proctor. Assistant Professor of Edu
cation: "The Committee of Fifteen
Survey of Guidance in California; Lee
Emerson Bassett. Associate Professor
of English: "Methodology and Discus
sion on Public Speaking; ' Dr. J. E.
Coover, Department of Psychology:
"Methods of Teaching Typing Based
Upon Psychological Analysis of Expert
Typists;" Oliver Johnston, Romance
Languages: "Interpretations of French
Grammar."
The convention of (lie National Edu
cation Association now being held in
San Francisco and Oakland has proven
the Mecca of educators from all cor
ners of the globe. So great has been
the attraction for those enrolled at.
summer session that, although no holi
day has been declared, academic work
has been so arranged as to permit
many to go.
Stanford educators have had a very
prominent part in the convention.
David Starr Jordan addressed the as
sembly on Tuesday, his topic being
"What Can Colleges and Universities
Do to Elevate the Moral Tone of the
Students?" Dr. Elwood Cubberley de
livered a speech on "The National As
pects of American State School Sys
tems."
Others from Stanford who partici
pated and their topics were: Dr. W.
M. Proctor. Assistant Professor of Edu
cation: "The Committee of Fifteen
Survey of Guidance in California; Lee
Emerson Bassett. Associate Professor
of English: "Methodology and Discus
sion on Public Speaking; ' Dr. J. E.
Coover, Department of Psychology:
"Methods of Teaching Typing Based
Upon Psychological Analysis of Expert
Typists;" Oliver Johnston, Romance
Languages: "Interpretations of French
Grammar."
The convention of (lie National Edu
cation Association now being held in
San Francisco and Oakland has proven
the Mecca of educators from all cor
ners of the globe. So great has been
the attraction for those enrolled at.
summer session that, although no holi
day has been declared, academic work
has been so arranged as to permit
many to go.
Stanford educators have had a very
prominent part in the convention.
David Starr Jordan addressed the as
sembly on Tuesday, his topic being
"What Can Colleges and Universities
Do to Elevate the Moral Tone of the
Students?" Dr. Elwood Cubberley de
livered a speech on "The National As
pects of American State School Sys
tems."
Others from Stanford who partici
pated and their topics were: Dr. W.
M. Proctor. Assistant Professor of Edu
cation: "The Committee of Fifteen
Survey of Guidance in California; Lee
Emerson Bassett. Associate Professor
of English: "Methodology and Discus
sion on Public Speaking; ' Dr. J. E.
Coover, Department of Psychology:
"Methods of Teaching Typing Based
Upon Psychological Analysis of Expert
Typists;" Oliver Johnston, Romance
Languages: "Interpretations of French
Grammar."
The convention of (lie National Edu
cation Association now being held in
San Francisco and Oakland has proven
the Mecca of educators from all cor
ners of the globe. So great has been
the attraction for those enrolled at.
summer session that, although no holi
day has been declared, academic work
has been so arranged as to permit
many to go.
Stanford educators have had a very
prominent part in the convention.
David Starr Jordan addressed the as
sembly on Tuesday, his topic being
"What Can Colleges and Universities
Do to Elevate the Moral Tone of the
Students?" Dr. Elwood Cubberley de
livered a speech on "The National As
pects of American State School Sys
tems."
Others from Stanford who partici
pated and their topics were: Dr. W.
M. Proctor. Assistant Professor of Edu
cation: "The Committee of Fifteen
Survey of Guidance in California; Lee
Emerson Bassett. Associate Professor
of English: "Methodology and Discus
sion on Public Speaking; ' Dr. J. E.
Coover, Department of Psychology:
"Methods of Teaching Typing Based
Upon Psychological Analysis of Expert
Typists;" Oliver Johnston, Romance
Languages: "Interpretations of French
Grammar."
The convention of (lie National Edu
cation Association now being held in
San Francisco and Oakland has proven
the Mecca of educators from all cor
ners of the globe. So great has been
the attraction for those enrolled at.
summer session that, although no holi
day has been declared, academic work
has been so arranged as to permit
many to go.
Stanford educators have had a very
prominent part in the convention.
David Starr Jordan addressed the as
sembly on Tuesday, his topic being
"What Can Colleges and Universities
Do to Elevate the Moral Tone of the
Students?" Dr. Elwood Cubberley de
livered a speech on "The National As
pects of American State School Sys
tems."
Others from Stanford who partici
pated and their topics were: Dr. W.
M. Proctor. Assistant Professor of Edu
cation: "The Committee of Fifteen
Survey of Guidance in California; Lee
Emerson Bassett. Associate Professor
of English: "Methodology and Discus
sion on Public Speaking; ' Dr. J. E.
Coover, Department of Psychology:
"Methods of Teaching Typing Based
Upon Psychological Analysis of Expert
Typists;" Oliver Johnston, Romance
Languages: "Interpretations of French
Grammar."
The convention of (lie National Edu
cation Association now being held in
San Francisco and Oakland has proven
the Mecca of educators from all cor
ners of the globe. So great has been
the attraction for those enrolled at.
summer session that, although no holi
day has been declared, academic work
has been so arranged as to permit
many to go.
Stanford educators have had a very
prominent part in the convention.
David Starr Jordan addressed the as
sembly on Tuesday, his topic being
"What Can Colleges and Universities
Do to Elevate the Moral Tone of the
Students?" Dr. Elwood Cubberley de
livered a speech on "The National As
pects of American State School Sys
tems."
Others from Stanford who partici
pated and their topics were: Dr. W.
M. Proctor. Assistant Professor of Edu
cation: "The Committee of Fifteen
Survey of Guidance in California; Lee
Emerson Bassett. Associate Professor
of English: "Methodology and Discus
sion on Public Speaking; ' Dr. J. E.
Coover, Department of Psychology:
"Methods of Teaching Typing Based
Upon Psychological Analysis of Expert
Typists;" Oliver Johnston, Romance
Languages: "Interpretations of French
Grammar."
The convention of (lie National Edu
cation Association now being held in
San Francisco and Oakland has proven
the Mecca of educators from all cor
ners of the globe. So great has been
the attraction for those enrolled at.
summer session that, although no holi
day has been declared, academic work
has been so arranged as to permit
many to go.
Stanford educators have had a very
prominent part in the convention.
David Starr Jordan addressed the as
sembly on Tuesday, his topic being
"What Can Colleges and Universities
Do to Elevate the Moral Tone of the
Students?" Dr. Elwood Cubberley de
livered a speech on "The National As
pects of American State School Sys
tems."
Others from Stanford who partici
pated and their topics were: Dr. W.
M. Proctor. Assistant Professor of Edu
cation: "The Committee of Fifteen
Survey of Guidance in California; Lee
Emerson Bassett. Associate Professor
of English: "Methodology and Discus
sion on Public Speaking; ' Dr. J. E.
Coover, Department of Psychology:
"Methods of Teaching Typing Based
Upon Psychological Analysis of Expert
Typists;" Oliver Johnston, Romance
Languages: "Interpretations of French
Grammar."
The convention of (lie National Edu
cation Association now being held in
San Francisco and Oakland has proven
the Mecca of educators from all cor
ners of the globe. So great has been
the attraction for those enrolled at.
summer session that, although no holi
day has been declared, academic work
has been so arranged as to permit
many to go.
Stanford educators have had a very
prominent part in the convention.
David Starr Jordan addressed the as
sembly on Tuesday, his topic being
"What Can Colleges and Universities
Do to Elevate the Moral Tone of the
Students?" Dr. Elwood Cubberley de
livered a speech on "The National As
pects of American State School Sys
tems."
Others from Stanford who partici
pated and their topics were: Dr. W.
M. Proctor. Assistant Professor of Edu
cation: "The Committee of Fifteen
Survey of Guidance in California; Lee
Emerson Bassett. Associate Professor
of English: "Methodology and Discus
sion on Public Speaking; ' Dr. J. E.
Coover, Department of Psychology:
"Methods of Teaching Typing Based
Upon Psychological Analysis of Expert
Typists;" Oliver Johnston, Romance
Languages: "Interpretations of French
Grammar."
The convention of (lie National Edu
cation Association now being held in
San Francisco and Oakland has proven
the Mecca of educators from all cor
ners of the globe. So great has been
the attraction for those enrolled at.
summer session that, although no holi
day has been declared, academic work
has been so arranged as to permit
many to go.
Stanford educators have had a very
prominent part in the convention.
David Starr Jordan addressed the as
sembly on Tuesday, his topic being
"What Can Colleges and Universities
Do to Elevate the Moral Tone of the
Students?" Dr. Elwood Cubberley de
livered a speech on "The National As
pects of American State School Sys
tems."
Others from Stanford who partici
pated and their topics were: Dr. W.
M. Proctor. Assistant Professor of Edu
cation: "The Committee of Fifteen
Survey of Guidance in California; Lee
Emerson Bassett. Associate Professor
of English: "Methodology and Discus
sion on Public Speaking; ' Dr. J. E.
Coover, Department of Psychology:
"Methods of Teaching Typing Based
Upon Psychological Analysis of Expert
Typists;" Oliver Johnston, Romance
Languages: "Interpretations of French
Grammar."
The convention of (lie National Edu
cation Association now being held in
San Francisco and Oakland has proven
the Mecca of educators from all cor
ners of the globe. So great has been
the attraction for those enrolled at.
summer session that, although no holi
day has been declared, academic work
has been so arranged as to permit
many to go.
Stanford educators have had a very
prominent part in the convention.
David Starr Jordan addressed the as
sembly on Tuesday, his topic being
"What Can Colleges and Universities
Do to Elevate the Moral Tone of the
Students?" Dr. Elwood Cubberley de
livered a speech on "The National As
pects of American State School Sys
tems."
Others from Stanford who partici
pated and their topics were: Dr. W.
M. Proctor. Assistant Professor of Edu
cation: "The Committee of Fifteen
Survey of Guidance in California; Lee
Emerson Bassett. Associate Professor
of English: "Methodology and Discus
sion on Public Speaking; ' Dr. J. E.
Coover, Department of Psychology:
"Methods of Teaching Typing Based
Upon Psychological Analysis of Expert
Typists;" Oliver Johnston, Romance
Languages: "Interpretations of French
Grammar."
