# Adv. 20 Page 7
## 
### 
THE ASSU SPEAKERS BUREAU
Is NOW Accepting Committee Applications.
Applications are now available at the ASSU and
are accepted through APRIL 27. For more
information call the Speakers Bureau at
723-2880
Be a part of the team that has assembed such
famed speakers this year including Tom Brokaw,
Dianne Feinstein, Ray Bradbury, and Art
Buchwald. As well as past speakers such as
Bishop Desmond Tutu, Ted Turner, Alex Haley,
and Dr. Ruth.
THE ASSU SPEAKERS BUREAU
Is NOW Accepting Committee Applications.
Applications are now available at the ASSU and
are accepted through APRIL 27. For more
information call the Speakers Bureau at
723-2880
Be a part of the team that has assembed such
famed speakers this year including Tom Brokaw,
Dianne Feinstein, Ray Bradbury, and Art
Buchwald. As well as past speakers such as
Bishop Desmond Tutu, Ted Turner, Alex Haley,
and Dr. Ruth.
THE ASSU SPEAKERS BUREAU
Is NOW Accepting Committee Applications.
Applications are now available at the ASSU and
are accepted through APRIL 27. For more
information call the Speakers Bureau at
723-2880
Be a part of the team that has assembed such
famed speakers this year including Tom Brokaw,
Dianne Feinstein, Ray Bradbury, and Art
Buchwald. As well as past speakers such as
Bishop Desmond Tutu, Ted Turner, Alex Haley,
and Dr. Ruth.
THE ASSU SPEAKERS BUREAU
Is NOW Accepting Committee Applications.
Applications are now available at the ASSU and
are accepted through APRIL 27. For more
information call the Speakers Bureau at
723-2880
Be a part of the team that has assembed such
famed speakers this year including Tom Brokaw,
Dianne Feinstein, Ray Bradbury, and Art
Buchwald. As well as past speakers such as
Bishop Desmond Tutu, Ted Turner, Alex Haley,
and Dr. Ruth.
THE ASSU SPEAKERS BUREAU
Is NOW Accepting Committee Applications.
Applications are now available at the ASSU and
are accepted through APRIL 27. For more
information call the Speakers Bureau at
723-2880
Be a part of the team that has assembed such
famed speakers this year including Tom Brokaw,
Dianne Feinstein, Ray Bradbury, and Art
Buchwald. As well as past speakers such as
Bishop Desmond Tutu, Ted Turner, Alex Haley,
and Dr. Ruth.
THE ASSU SPEAKERS BUREAU
Is NOW Accepting Committee Applications.
Applications are now available at the ASSU and
are accepted through APRIL 27. For more
information call the Speakers Bureau at
723-2880
Be a part of the team that has assembed such
famed speakers this year including Tom Brokaw,
Dianne Feinstein, Ray Bradbury, and Art
Buchwald. As well as past speakers such as
Bishop Desmond Tutu, Ted Turner, Alex Haley,
and Dr. Ruth.
THE ASSU SPEAKERS BUREAU
Is NOW Accepting Committee Applications.
Applications are now available at the ASSU and
are accepted through APRIL 27. For more
information call the Speakers Bureau at
723-2880
Be a part of the team that has assembed such
famed speakers this year including Tom Brokaw,
Dianne Feinstein, Ray Bradbury, and Art
Buchwald. As well as past speakers such as
Bishop Desmond Tutu, Ted Turner, Alex Haley,
and Dr. Ruth.
