# Crossword
## 
### 
Edited by Eugene T. Maleska

ACROSS
1 Viral disea .e for
short
4 Prow of a ship
8 White water
14 Author Yutany
15 Rosamond
composer
16 Indulged in
cabotmage
17 Jennings and
Koppel work here
18 Indian we |ht
unit
19 Venomc 1 .
reptiles
20 Site ol tamei I
Copac abana
Beach
23 Lou Giant wife

24 Ait ented
syllable in poetry
25 Pi ehi; tor n
implement
29 Dtir ir i
community n« j ai
Santa Yne/. Calit
31 Kmery
33 dixit
34 Bulldog eg
35 Organic
compounds
38 Incline
39 lenants
42 l obster i en .ory
appendage
44 Smgei
Manchester
45 I ntomolCMji ,t',
subjects

49 k l' i
50 fidelity OldStyll
52 Faithful
53 Ptyladelpt
locale of a U S
N«vy-v-a»( i —
56 WarMi .1 slorte
59 Ruined
60 New Zea'di I
parrot
61 Hue al S\ut - • •
62 Titanit
63 White tailed sea
eagle
64 Some a| irt
ments for snort
65 ryrant of yore
66 f . l ■ lu lion
agency
DOWN
1 F mergenc-v
signals
2 Psychic energy
3 Release ii
certain spriny
4 Pig out
5 I lector ani I Pans
6 1 Kitnirate with
upon
7 Wherewithal
8 Amended
9 Aial )ic
i ommander
101 ame : Mexi< an
hot spot 9
11 Adherent Sutfi*
12 li' ' i' i'' •

13 Student org active
in the 1960 s
21 Wi it-re Dreyfus
was imprisoned
22 Irish Free State
2(>Va'itil. I
fame
27 Columbia s
mascot
28 Absorbs solar
emissions
30 Projections on a
cathedral

32 liquid measures
35 End Of an 0 Neill
title
36 do well
37 Kh Institute
locale
40 St<JhtS at Beverly
Hills
41 Noted
puppeteer
42 Arousing
compassion

43 Snakebird
46 Long legged rails
47 Radio dials
48 Portable chairs
51 to
54 Therefore
55 Oracle
56 A i ruise Stop Abbr
57 Coronado s
quest
58 ritici/e severely


Edited by Eugene T. Maleska

ACROSS
1 Viral disea .e for
short
4 Prow of a ship
8 White water
14 Author Yutany
15 Rosamond
composer
16 Indulged in
cabotmage
17 Jennings and
Koppel work here
18 Indian we |ht
unit
19 Venomc 1 .
reptiles
20 Site ol tamei I
Copac abana
Beach
23 Lou Giant wife

24 Ait ented
syllable in poetry
25 Pi ehi; tor n
implement
29 Dtir ir i
community n« j ai
Santa Yne/. Calit
31 Kmery
33 dixit
34 Bulldog eg
35 Organic
compounds
38 Incline
39 lenants
42 l obster i en .ory
appendage
44 Smgei
Manchester
45 I ntomolCMji ,t',
subjects

49 k l' i
50 fidelity OldStyll
52 Faithful
53 Ptyladelpt
locale of a U S
N«vy-v-a»( i —
56 WarMi .1 slorte
59 Ruined
60 New Zea'di I
parrot
61 Hue al S\ut - • •
62 Titanit
63 White tailed sea
eagle
64 Some a| irt
ments for snort
65 ryrant of yore
66 f . l ■ lu lion
agency
DOWN
1 F mergenc-v
signals
2 Psychic energy
3 Release ii
certain spriny
4 Pig out
5 I lector ani I Pans
6 1 Kitnirate with
upon
7 Wherewithal
8 Amended
9 Aial )ic
i ommander
101 ame : Mexi< an
hot spot 9
11 Adherent Sutfi*
12 li' ' i' i'' •

13 Student org active
in the 1960 s
21 Wi it-re Dreyfus
was imprisoned
22 Irish Free State
2(>Va'itil. I
fame
27 Columbia s
mascot
28 Absorbs solar
emissions
30 Projections on a
cathedral

32 liquid measures
35 End Of an 0 Neill
title
36 do well
37 Kh Institute
locale
40 St<JhtS at Beverly
Hills
41 Noted
puppeteer
42 Arousing
compassion

43 Snakebird
46 Long legged rails
47 Radio dials
48 Portable chairs
51 to
54 Therefore
55 Oracle
56 A i ruise Stop Abbr
57 Coronado s
quest
58 ritici/e severely


Edited by Eugene T. Maleska

ACROSS
1 Viral disea .e for
short
4 Prow of a ship
8 White water
14 Author Yutany
15 Rosamond
composer
16 Indulged in
cabotmage
17 Jennings and
Koppel work here
18 Indian we |ht
unit
19 Venomc 1 .
reptiles
20 Site ol tamei I
Copac abana
Beach
23 Lou Giant wife

24 Ait ented
syllable in poetry
25 Pi ehi; tor n
implement
29 Dtir ir i
community n« j ai
Santa Yne/. Calit
31 Kmery
33 dixit
34 Bulldog eg
35 Organic
compounds
38 Incline
39 lenants
42 l obster i en .ory
appendage
44 Smgei
Manchester
45 I ntomolCMji ,t',
subjects

49 k l' i
50 fidelity OldStyll
52 Faithful
53 Ptyladelpt
locale of a U S
N«vy-v-a»( i —
56 WarMi .1 slorte
59 Ruined
60 New Zea'di I
parrot
61 Hue al S\ut - • •
62 Titanit
63 White tailed sea
eagle
64 Some a| irt
ments for snort
65 ryrant of yore
66 f . l ■ lu lion
agency
DOWN
1 F mergenc-v
signals
2 Psychic energy
3 Release ii
certain spriny
4 Pig out
5 I lector ani I Pans
6 1 Kitnirate with
upon
7 Wherewithal
8 Amended
9 Aial )ic
i ommander
101 ame : Mexi< an
hot spot 9
11 Adherent Sutfi*
12 li' ' i' i'' •

13 Student org active
in the 1960 s
21 Wi it-re Dreyfus
was imprisoned
22 Irish Free State
2(>Va'itil. I
fame
27 Columbia s
mascot
28 Absorbs solar
emissions
30 Projections on a
cathedral

32 liquid measures
35 End Of an 0 Neill
title
36 do well
37 Kh Institute
locale
40 St<JhtS at Beverly
Hills
41 Noted
puppeteer
42 Arousing
compassion

43 Snakebird
46 Long legged rails
47 Radio dials
48 Portable chairs
51 to
54 Therefore
55 Oracle
56 A i ruise Stop Abbr
57 Coronado s
quest
58 ritici/e severely


Edited by Eugene T. Maleska

ACROSS
1 Viral disea .e for
short
4 Prow of a ship
8 White water
14 Author Yutany
15 Rosamond
composer
16 Indulged in
cabotmage
17 Jennings and
Koppel work here
18 Indian we |ht
unit
19 Venomc 1 .
reptiles
20 Site ol tamei I
Copac abana
Beach
23 Lou Giant wife

24 Ait ented
syllable in poetry
25 Pi ehi; tor n
implement
29 Dtir ir i
community n« j ai
Santa Yne/. Calit
31 Kmery
33 dixit
34 Bulldog eg
35 Organic
compounds
38 Incline
39 lenants
42 l obster i en .ory
appendage
44 Smgei
Manchester
45 I ntomolCMji ,t',
subjects

49 k l' i
50 fidelity OldStyll
52 Faithful
53 Ptyladelpt
locale of a U S
N«vy-v-a»( i —
56 WarMi .1 slorte
59 Ruined
60 New Zea'di I
parrot
61 Hue al S\ut - • •
62 Titanit
63 White tailed sea
eagle
64 Some a| irt
ments for snort
65 ryrant of yore
66 f . l ■ lu lion
agency
DOWN
1 F mergenc-v
signals
2 Psychic energy
3 Release ii
certain spriny
4 Pig out
5 I lector ani I Pans
6 1 Kitnirate with
upon
7 Wherewithal
8 Amended
9 Aial )ic
i ommander
101 ame : Mexi< an
hot spot 9
11 Adherent Sutfi*
12 li' ' i' i'' •

13 Student org active
in the 1960 s
21 Wi it-re Dreyfus
was imprisoned
22 Irish Free State
2(>Va'itil. I
fame
27 Columbia s
mascot
28 Absorbs solar
emissions
30 Projections on a
cathedral

32 liquid measures
35 End Of an 0 Neill
title
36 do well
37 Kh Institute
locale
40 St<JhtS at Beverly
Hills
41 Noted
puppeteer
42 Arousing
compassion

43 Snakebird
46 Long legged rails
47 Radio dials
48 Portable chairs
51 to
54 Therefore
55 Oracle
56 A i ruise Stop Abbr
57 Coronado s
quest
58 ritici/e severely


Edited by Eugene T. Maleska

ACROSS
1 Viral disea .e for
short
4 Prow of a ship
8 White water
14 Author Yutany
15 Rosamond
composer
16 Indulged in
cabotmage
17 Jennings and
Koppel work here
18 Indian we |ht
unit
19 Venomc 1 .
reptiles
20 Site ol tamei I
Copac abana
Beach
23 Lou Giant wife

24 Ait ented
syllable in poetry
25 Pi ehi; tor n
implement
29 Dtir ir i
community n« j ai
Santa Yne/. Calit
31 Kmery
33 dixit
34 Bulldog eg
35 Organic
compounds
38 Incline
39 lenants
42 l obster i en .ory
appendage
44 Smgei
Manchester
45 I ntomolCMji ,t',
subjects

49 k l' i
50 fidelity OldStyll
52 Faithful
53 Ptyladelpt
locale of a U S
N«vy-v-a»( i —
56 WarMi .1 slorte
59 Ruined
60 New Zea'di I
parrot
61 Hue al S\ut - • •
62 Titanit
63 White tailed sea
eagle
64 Some a| irt
ments for snort
65 ryrant of yore
66 f . l ■ lu lion
agency
DOWN
1 F mergenc-v
signals
2 Psychic energy
3 Release ii
certain spriny
4 Pig out
5 I lector ani I Pans
6 1 Kitnirate with
upon
7 Wherewithal
8 Amended
9 Aial )ic
i ommander
101 ame : Mexi< an
hot spot 9
11 Adherent Sutfi*
12 li' ' i' i'' •

13 Student org active
in the 1960 s
21 Wi it-re Dreyfus
was imprisoned
22 Irish Free State
2(>Va'itil. I
fame
27 Columbia s
mascot
28 Absorbs solar
emissions
30 Projections on a
cathedral

32 liquid measures
35 End Of an 0 Neill
title
36 do well
37 Kh Institute
locale
40 St<JhtS at Beverly
Hills
41 Noted
puppeteer
42 Arousing
compassion

43 Snakebird
46 Long legged rails
47 Radio dials
48 Portable chairs
51 to
54 Therefore
55 Oracle
56 A i ruise Stop Abbr
57 Coronado s
quest
58 ritici/e severely


Edited by Eugene T. Maleska

ACROSS
1 Viral disea .e for
short
4 Prow of a ship
8 White water
14 Author Yutany
15 Rosamond
composer
16 Indulged in
cabotmage
17 Jennings and
Koppel work here
18 Indian we |ht
unit
19 Venomc 1 .
reptiles
20 Site ol tamei I
Copac abana
Beach
23 Lou Giant wife

24 Ait ented
syllable in poetry
25 Pi ehi; tor n
implement
29 Dtir ir i
community n« j ai
Santa Yne/. Calit
31 Kmery
33 dixit
34 Bulldog eg
35 Organic
compounds
38 Incline
39 lenants
42 l obster i en .ory
appendage
44 Smgei
Manchester
45 I ntomolCMji ,t',
subjects

49 k l' i
50 fidelity OldStyll
52 Faithful
53 Ptyladelpt
locale of a U S
N«vy-v-a»( i —
56 WarMi .1 slorte
59 Ruined
60 New Zea'di I
parrot
61 Hue al S\ut - • •
62 Titanit
63 White tailed sea
eagle
64 Some a| irt
ments for snort
65 ryrant of yore
66 f . l ■ lu lion
agency
DOWN
1 F mergenc-v
signals
2 Psychic energy
3 Release ii
certain spriny
4 Pig out
5 I lector ani I Pans
6 1 Kitnirate with
upon
7 Wherewithal
8 Amended
9 Aial )ic
i ommander
101 ame : Mexi< an
hot spot 9
11 Adherent Sutfi*
12 li' ' i' i'' •

13 Student org active
in the 1960 s
21 Wi it-re Dreyfus
was imprisoned
22 Irish Free State
2(>Va'itil. I
fame
27 Columbia s
mascot
28 Absorbs solar
emissions
30 Projections on a
cathedral

32 liquid measures
35 End Of an 0 Neill
title
36 do well
37 Kh Institute
locale
40 St<JhtS at Beverly
Hills
41 Noted
puppeteer
42 Arousing
compassion

43 Snakebird
46 Long legged rails
47 Radio dials
48 Portable chairs
51 to
54 Therefore
55 Oracle
56 A i ruise Stop Abbr
57 Coronado s
quest
58 ritici/e severely


Edited by Eugene T. Maleska

ACROSS
1 Viral disea .e for
short
4 Prow of a ship
8 White water
14 Author Yutany
15 Rosamond
composer
16 Indulged in
cabotmage
17 Jennings and
Koppel work here
18 Indian we |ht
unit
19 Venomc 1 .
reptiles
20 Site ol tamei I
Copac abana
Beach
23 Lou Giant wife

24 Ait ented
syllable in poetry
25 Pi ehi; tor n
implement
29 Dtir ir i
community n« j ai
Santa Yne/. Calit
31 Kmery
33 dixit
34 Bulldog eg
35 Organic
compounds
38 Incline
39 lenants
42 l obster i en .ory
appendage
44 Smgei
Manchester
45 I ntomolCMji ,t',
subjects

49 k l' i
50 fidelity OldStyll
52 Faithful
53 Ptyladelpt
locale of a U S
N«vy-v-a»( i —
56 WarMi .1 slorte
59 Ruined
60 New Zea'di I
parrot
61 Hue al S\ut - • •
62 Titanit
63 White tailed sea
eagle
64 Some a| irt
ments for snort
65 ryrant of yore
66 f . l ■ lu lion
agency
DOWN
1 F mergenc-v
signals
2 Psychic energy
3 Release ii
certain spriny
4 Pig out
5 I lector ani I Pans
6 1 Kitnirate with
upon
7 Wherewithal
8 Amended
9 Aial )ic
i ommander
101 ame : Mexi< an
hot spot 9
11 Adherent Sutfi*
12 li' ' i' i'' •

13 Student org active
in the 1960 s
21 Wi it-re Dreyfus
was imprisoned
22 Irish Free State
2(>Va'itil. I
fame
27 Columbia s
mascot
28 Absorbs solar
emissions
30 Projections on a
cathedral

32 liquid measures
35 End Of an 0 Neill
title
36 do well
37 Kh Institute
locale
40 St<JhtS at Beverly
Hills
41 Noted
puppeteer
42 Arousing
compassion

43 Snakebird
46 Long legged rails
47 Radio dials
48 Portable chairs
51 to
54 Therefore
55 Oracle
56 A i ruise Stop Abbr
57 Coronado s
quest
58 ritici/e severely


