# Track in Stanford Collegiate
## 
### 
TOMORROW — 12:00 noon at
Stanford Stadium.
RECORDS — Stanford (3-0 in dual
meets).
NOTES — Eight other teams will
compete with the Cardinal.
TOMORROW — 12:00 noon at
Stanford Stadium.
RECORDS — Stanford (3-0 in dual
meets).
NOTES — Eight other teams will
compete with the Cardinal.
TOMORROW — 12:00 noon at
Stanford Stadium.
RECORDS — Stanford (3-0 in dual
meets).
NOTES — Eight other teams will
compete with the Cardinal.
TOMORROW — 12:00 noon at
Stanford Stadium.
RECORDS — Stanford (3-0 in dual
meets).
NOTES — Eight other teams will
compete with the Cardinal.
TOMORROW — 12:00 noon at
Stanford Stadium.
RECORDS — Stanford (3-0 in dual
meets).
NOTES — Eight other teams will
compete with the Cardinal.
TOMORROW — 12:00 noon at
Stanford Stadium.
RECORDS — Stanford (3-0 in dual
meets).
NOTES — Eight other teams will
compete with the Cardinal.
TOMORROW — 12:00 noon at
Stanford Stadium.
RECORDS — Stanford (3-0 in dual
meets).
NOTES — Eight other teams will
compete with the Cardinal.
