# Windows Broken
## 
### 
A poo] ball thrown through sev
eral windows in the front of Din
kelspiel Auditorium resulted in
$200 in damages. The ball, thrown
by an unknown person on Wed
nesday, broke three windows and
cracked one other.
A poo] ball thrown through sev
eral windows in the front of Din
kelspiel Auditorium resulted in
$200 in damages. The ball, thrown
by an unknown person on Wed
nesday, broke three windows and
cracked one other.
A poo] ball thrown through sev
eral windows in the front of Din
kelspiel Auditorium resulted in
$200 in damages. The ball, thrown
by an unknown person on Wed
nesday, broke three windows and
cracked one other.
A poo] ball thrown through sev
eral windows in the front of Din
kelspiel Auditorium resulted in
$200 in damages. The ball, thrown
by an unknown person on Wed
nesday, broke three windows and
cracked one other.
A poo] ball thrown through sev
eral windows in the front of Din
kelspiel Auditorium resulted in
$200 in damages. The ball, thrown
by an unknown person on Wed
nesday, broke three windows and
cracked one other.
A poo] ball thrown through sev
eral windows in the front of Din
kelspiel Auditorium resulted in
$200 in damages. The ball, thrown
by an unknown person on Wed
nesday, broke three windows and
cracked one other.
A poo] ball thrown through sev
eral windows in the front of Din
kelspiel Auditorium resulted in
$200 in damages. The ball, thrown
by an unknown person on Wed
nesday, broke three windows and
cracked one other.
A poo] ball thrown through sev
eral windows in the front of Din
kelspiel Auditorium resulted in
$200 in damages. The ball, thrown
by an unknown person on Wed
nesday, broke three windows and
cracked one other.
A poo] ball thrown through sev
eral windows in the front of Din
kelspiel Auditorium resulted in
$200 in damages. The ball, thrown
by an unknown person on Wed
nesday, broke three windows and
cracked one other.
A poo] ball thrown through sev
eral windows in the front of Din
kelspiel Auditorium resulted in
$200 in damages. The ball, thrown
by an unknown person on Wed
nesday, broke three windows and
cracked one other.
A poo] ball thrown through sev
eral windows in the front of Din
kelspiel Auditorium resulted in
$200 in damages. The ball, thrown
by an unknown person on Wed
nesday, broke three windows and
cracked one other.
A poo] ball thrown through sev
eral windows in the front of Din
kelspiel Auditorium resulted in
$200 in damages. The ball, thrown
by an unknown person on Wed
nesday, broke three windows and
cracked one other.
A poo] ball thrown through sev
eral windows in the front of Din
kelspiel Auditorium resulted in
$200 in damages. The ball, thrown
by an unknown person on Wed
nesday, broke three windows and
cracked one other.
A poo] ball thrown through sev
eral windows in the front of Din
kelspiel Auditorium resulted in
$200 in damages. The ball, thrown
by an unknown person on Wed
nesday, broke three windows and
cracked one other.
A poo] ball thrown through sev
eral windows in the front of Din
kelspiel Auditorium resulted in
$200 in damages. The ball, thrown
by an unknown person on Wed
nesday, broke three windows and
cracked one other.
A poo] ball thrown through sev
eral windows in the front of Din
kelspiel Auditorium resulted in
$200 in damages. The ball, thrown
by an unknown person on Wed
nesday, broke three windows and
cracked one other.
