# 'Quad' Portrays' Stanford You'
## 
### SANDY SHAPIRO 
"But who will ever know the
world you Bee, or touch the
guarded core that is your
life . .
In his introductory commen
tary, Phillip Starr poses that
ever-present paradox facing
every yearbook staff. The 1966
Stanford Quad is, however, a
unique, creative attempt to cap
ture "Stanford, You."
Departing drastically from the
conservative traditions permeat
ing past Stanford yearbooks,
the '66 staff unfolds a fairly
comprehensive representation of
the soon-to-be-completed year.
Carefully avoiding the usual
stereo- types and limiting
themes, the Quad freely explores
the maze of campus life with
out sacrificing valuable unity.
Photo Essay
The exquisite color photogra
phy and sensitive, though oc
casionally trite, photo essay in
the opening pages, more than
compensate for the drab, disap
pointing cover that resembles a
posed reproduction from The
Stanford Handbook. Despite the
obvious symbolism of the four
chairs, we wonder how a staff
that displays such fine artistic
ability elsewhere could scrimp
when it came to the cover and
the conspicuously absent end
sheet designs.
In sharp contrast with the
cover, the remainder of the por
traits are natural — especially
those of the faculty and admin

istration. The skillful use of
white space and varied picture
sizes enable the layouts to avoid
the tedium of most yearbooks.
Black and Whit© Seniors
The special senior essay, with
out mushiness, reminisces about
the Class of '66, which looks
much more attractive in black
and white than the artificial,
gaudy-colored senior sections of
the past. The expensive four
color reproductions are better
distributed without appearing
commercial.
The organizations and sports
sections break down under the
burden of too much copy,
monotonous label headlines, and
too many pieced-together, poor
ly captioned pictures. Happily,
however, the athletes lack the
concentration-camp look usually
found in group shots of semi
nude wrestlers, swimmers, and
track stars.
Living groups are displayed
with as much personality as
possible, although some quality
is lost. Because each group is
asked to provide its own copy
and candids, the section lacks
consistency, but does manage to
capture some of the uniqueness
of each residence. Tactful edit
ing could have been effectively
employed to cut the second-rate
attempts at humor and sensa
tionalism to produce pages
more meaningful for those out
side each group.
Empty Ending 1
The end of the Quad loses the
mood established in the begin

ning. After good coverage of the
foreign campuses, the index
suddenly glares forth its un
avoidable list of names. Perhaps
the endless columns could have
been printed over some finely
screened photographs.
Or better still, a few of the
first 65 page 6 of photo essay
could have been relocated as a
much-neede' 1 conclusion before
the book closes with the same,
though now empty, chairs. The
memorial page and the editor's
imaginative letter could easily
be missed unless the reader is
checking out a name at the end
of the alphabet.
On the whole, however, Editor
Joellyn Kapp and her staff are
to be congratulated for their
outstanding efforts. The ines
capable misprints, misidentifica
tions, and "not showns" will be
forgotten as the candid captions
become stale and not-so-funny.
But the essence of the 1966
Stanford Quad, the frozen bits
of " 'The Student' shadowed by
the press" and the "best of
times . . . the worst of times"
are permanently recorded. This
part of the Quad will increase
in worth as we try to remember
names and faces, lamenting, "it
all happened so quickly, much
too quickly."
Pro-ordered Quads are avail
able at the Information Counter
in the Starke Publications Build
ing. Extra copies will be on sale
today at the Post Office and at
the Storke Building thereafter.
