# Last Daily
## 
### 
Alas, Volume 149, like so many good
things, has conic to an end. The Daily
will resume publication September 23
for the sjKHial Freshman Edition.
However, the Summer Weekly will be
published under the direction of
Steven Gruber.
Alas, Volume 149, like so many good
things, has conic to an end. The Daily
will resume publication September 23
for the sjKHial Freshman Edition.
However, the Summer Weekly will be
published under the direction of
Steven Gruber.
Alas, Volume 149, like so many good
things, has conic to an end. The Daily
will resume publication September 23
for the sjKHial Freshman Edition.
However, the Summer Weekly will be
published under the direction of
Steven Gruber.
Alas, Volume 149, like so many good
things, has conic to an end. The Daily
will resume publication September 23
for the sjKHial Freshman Edition.
However, the Summer Weekly will be
published under the direction of
Steven Gruber.
Alas, Volume 149, like so many good
things, has conic to an end. The Daily
will resume publication September 23
for the sjKHial Freshman Edition.
However, the Summer Weekly will be
published under the direction of
Steven Gruber.
Alas, Volume 149, like so many good
things, has conic to an end. The Daily
will resume publication September 23
for the sjKHial Freshman Edition.
However, the Summer Weekly will be
published under the direction of
Steven Gruber.
Alas, Volume 149, like so many good
things, has conic to an end. The Daily
will resume publication September 23
for the sjKHial Freshman Edition.
However, the Summer Weekly will be
published under the direction of
Steven Gruber.
Alas, Volume 149, like so many good
things, has conic to an end. The Daily
will resume publication September 23
for the sjKHial Freshman Edition.
However, the Summer Weekly will be
published under the direction of
Steven Gruber.
Alas, Volume 149, like so many good
things, has conic to an end. The Daily
will resume publication September 23
for the sjKHial Freshman Edition.
However, the Summer Weekly will be
published under the direction of
Steven Gruber.
Alas, Volume 149, like so many good
things, has conic to an end. The Daily
will resume publication September 23
for the sjKHial Freshman Edition.
However, the Summer Weekly will be
published under the direction of
Steven Gruber.
Alas, Volume 149, like so many good
things, has conic to an end. The Daily
will resume publication September 23
for the sjKHial Freshman Edition.
However, the Summer Weekly will be
published under the direction of
Steven Gruber.
Alas, Volume 149, like so many good
things, has conic to an end. The Daily
will resume publication September 23
for the sjKHial Freshman Edition.
However, the Summer Weekly will be
published under the direction of
Steven Gruber.
Alas, Volume 149, like so many good
things, has conic to an end. The Daily
will resume publication September 23
for the sjKHial Freshman Edition.
However, the Summer Weekly will be
published under the direction of
Steven Gruber.
Alas, Volume 149, like so many good
things, has conic to an end. The Daily
will resume publication September 23
for the sjKHial Freshman Edition.
However, the Summer Weekly will be
published under the direction of
Steven Gruber.
Alas, Volume 149, like so many good
things, has conic to an end. The Daily
will resume publication September 23
for the sjKHial Freshman Edition.
However, the Summer Weekly will be
published under the direction of
Steven Gruber.
