# Gene Washington: Top Frosh Athlete
## 
### 
In a year of frosh rcccrds and
undefeated seasons, it is vir
tually impossible to single out
one athlete as "best" over the
entire year. In this light, yet
without apology, our choice for
top frosh athlete of the year is

Gene Washington, outstanding
quarterback for the undefeated
football team.
With Washington at the helm
the frosh squad swept through
four outclassed opponents this
fall, culminating in a 49-13 rout
over the previously unbeaten
UCLA frosh. Gene ran for 214
yards, averagering nearly ten
yards a carry, and passed for
256 more. He scored four touch
downs as well.
In the annual spring intra
squad game Gene passed the
Red squad to a 14-6 win over a
White team led by last year's
top varsity signal-caller, Dave
Lewis. His efforts earned him a
starting role at QB in the Var
sity-Alumni game, with Lewis
switching to half.
The story of Washington's
performance in that game is
now well known to all Stanford
football fans. He ran for 74
yards and connected on four of
five passes for two touchdowns
in leading the undergrads to an
easy 41-10 triumph.
Washington's chief attributes
are his tremendous speed (he
has been timed at under 10 sec
onds for the hundred) and his
ability to fire under pressure.
This talent was most clearly
visible in the Varsity-Alumni
clash, prompting former Card
greats Paul Wiggin and John
Brodie, now professional stars,
to praise him.
In a year of frosh rcccrds and
undefeated seasons, it is vir
tually impossible to single out
one athlete as "best" over the
entire year. In this light, yet
without apology, our choice for
top frosh athlete of the year is

Gene Washington, outstanding
quarterback for the undefeated
football team.
With Washington at the helm
the frosh squad swept through
four outclassed opponents this
fall, culminating in a 49-13 rout
over the previously unbeaten
UCLA frosh. Gene ran for 214
yards, averagering nearly ten
yards a carry, and passed for
256 more. He scored four touch
downs as well.
In the annual spring intra
squad game Gene passed the
Red squad to a 14-6 win over a
White team led by last year's
top varsity signal-caller, Dave
Lewis. His efforts earned him a
starting role at QB in the Var
sity-Alumni game, with Lewis
switching to half.
The story of Washington's
performance in that game is
now well known to all Stanford
football fans. He ran for 74
yards and connected on four of
five passes for two touchdowns
in leading the undergrads to an
easy 41-10 triumph.
Washington's chief attributes
are his tremendous speed (he
has been timed at under 10 sec
onds for the hundred) and his
ability to fire under pressure.
This talent was most clearly
visible in the Varsity-Alumni
clash, prompting former Card
greats Paul Wiggin and John
Brodie, now professional stars,
to praise him.
In a year of frosh rcccrds and
undefeated seasons, it is vir
tually impossible to single out
one athlete as "best" over the
entire year. In this light, yet
without apology, our choice for
top frosh athlete of the year is

Gene Washington, outstanding
quarterback for the undefeated
football team.
With Washington at the helm
the frosh squad swept through
four outclassed opponents this
fall, culminating in a 49-13 rout
over the previously unbeaten
UCLA frosh. Gene ran for 214
yards, averagering nearly ten
yards a carry, and passed for
256 more. He scored four touch
downs as well.
In the annual spring intra
squad game Gene passed the
Red squad to a 14-6 win over a
White team led by last year's
top varsity signal-caller, Dave
Lewis. His efforts earned him a
starting role at QB in the Var
sity-Alumni game, with Lewis
switching to half.
The story of Washington's
performance in that game is
now well known to all Stanford
football fans. He ran for 74
yards and connected on four of
five passes for two touchdowns
in leading the undergrads to an
easy 41-10 triumph.
Washington's chief attributes
are his tremendous speed (he
has been timed at under 10 sec
onds for the hundred) and his
ability to fire under pressure.
This talent was most clearly
visible in the Varsity-Alumni
clash, prompting former Card
greats Paul Wiggin and John
Brodie, now professional stars,
to praise him.
In a year of frosh rcccrds and
undefeated seasons, it is vir
tually impossible to single out
one athlete as "best" over the
entire year. In this light, yet
without apology, our choice for
top frosh athlete of the year is

Gene Washington, outstanding
quarterback for the undefeated
football team.
With Washington at the helm
the frosh squad swept through
four outclassed opponents this
fall, culminating in a 49-13 rout
over the previously unbeaten
UCLA frosh. Gene ran for 214
yards, averagering nearly ten
yards a carry, and passed for
256 more. He scored four touch
downs as well.
In the annual spring intra
squad game Gene passed the
Red squad to a 14-6 win over a
White team led by last year's
top varsity signal-caller, Dave
Lewis. His efforts earned him a
starting role at QB in the Var
sity-Alumni game, with Lewis
switching to half.
The story of Washington's
performance in that game is
now well known to all Stanford
football fans. He ran for 74
yards and connected on four of
five passes for two touchdowns
in leading the undergrads to an
easy 41-10 triumph.
Washington's chief attributes
are his tremendous speed (he
has been timed at under 10 sec
onds for the hundred) and his
ability to fire under pressure.
This talent was most clearly
visible in the Varsity-Alumni
clash, prompting former Card
greats Paul Wiggin and John
Brodie, now professional stars,
to praise him.
In a year of frosh rcccrds and
undefeated seasons, it is vir
tually impossible to single out
one athlete as "best" over the
entire year. In this light, yet
without apology, our choice for
top frosh athlete of the year is

Gene Washington, outstanding
quarterback for the undefeated
football team.
With Washington at the helm
the frosh squad swept through
four outclassed opponents this
fall, culminating in a 49-13 rout
over the previously unbeaten
UCLA frosh. Gene ran for 214
yards, averagering nearly ten
yards a carry, and passed for
256 more. He scored four touch
downs as well.
In the annual spring intra
squad game Gene passed the
Red squad to a 14-6 win over a
White team led by last year's
top varsity signal-caller, Dave
Lewis. His efforts earned him a
starting role at QB in the Var
sity-Alumni game, with Lewis
switching to half.
The story of Washington's
performance in that game is
now well known to all Stanford
football fans. He ran for 74
yards and connected on four of
five passes for two touchdowns
in leading the undergrads to an
easy 41-10 triumph.
Washington's chief attributes
are his tremendous speed (he
has been timed at under 10 sec
onds for the hundred) and his
ability to fire under pressure.
This talent was most clearly
visible in the Varsity-Alumni
clash, prompting former Card
greats Paul Wiggin and John
Brodie, now professional stars,
to praise him.
In a year of frosh rcccrds and
undefeated seasons, it is vir
tually impossible to single out
one athlete as "best" over the
entire year. In this light, yet
without apology, our choice for
top frosh athlete of the year is

Gene Washington, outstanding
quarterback for the undefeated
football team.
With Washington at the helm
the frosh squad swept through
four outclassed opponents this
fall, culminating in a 49-13 rout
over the previously unbeaten
UCLA frosh. Gene ran for 214
yards, averagering nearly ten
yards a carry, and passed for
256 more. He scored four touch
downs as well.
In the annual spring intra
squad game Gene passed the
Red squad to a 14-6 win over a
White team led by last year's
top varsity signal-caller, Dave
Lewis. His efforts earned him a
starting role at QB in the Var
sity-Alumni game, with Lewis
switching to half.
The story of Washington's
performance in that game is
now well known to all Stanford
football fans. He ran for 74
yards and connected on four of
five passes for two touchdowns
in leading the undergrads to an
easy 41-10 triumph.
Washington's chief attributes
are his tremendous speed (he
has been timed at under 10 sec
onds for the hundred) and his
ability to fire under pressure.
This talent was most clearly
visible in the Varsity-Alumni
clash, prompting former Card
greats Paul Wiggin and John
Brodie, now professional stars,
to praise him.
In a year of frosh rcccrds and
undefeated seasons, it is vir
tually impossible to single out
one athlete as "best" over the
entire year. In this light, yet
without apology, our choice for
top frosh athlete of the year is

Gene Washington, outstanding
quarterback for the undefeated
football team.
With Washington at the helm
the frosh squad swept through
four outclassed opponents this
fall, culminating in a 49-13 rout
over the previously unbeaten
UCLA frosh. Gene ran for 214
yards, averagering nearly ten
yards a carry, and passed for
256 more. He scored four touch
downs as well.
In the annual spring intra
squad game Gene passed the
Red squad to a 14-6 win over a
White team led by last year's
top varsity signal-caller, Dave
Lewis. His efforts earned him a
starting role at QB in the Var
sity-Alumni game, with Lewis
switching to half.
The story of Washington's
performance in that game is
now well known to all Stanford
football fans. He ran for 74
yards and connected on four of
five passes for two touchdowns
in leading the undergrads to an
easy 41-10 triumph.
Washington's chief attributes
are his tremendous speed (he
has been timed at under 10 sec
onds for the hundred) and his
ability to fire under pressure.
This talent was most clearly
visible in the Varsity-Alumni
clash, prompting former Card
greats Paul Wiggin and John
Brodie, now professional stars,
to praise him.
In a year of frosh rcccrds and
undefeated seasons, it is vir
tually impossible to single out
one athlete as "best" over the
entire year. In this light, yet
without apology, our choice for
top frosh athlete of the year is

Gene Washington, outstanding
quarterback for the undefeated
football team.
With Washington at the helm
the frosh squad swept through
four outclassed opponents this
fall, culminating in a 49-13 rout
over the previously unbeaten
UCLA frosh. Gene ran for 214
yards, averagering nearly ten
yards a carry, and passed for
256 more. He scored four touch
downs as well.
In the annual spring intra
squad game Gene passed the
Red squad to a 14-6 win over a
White team led by last year's
top varsity signal-caller, Dave
Lewis. His efforts earned him a
starting role at QB in the Var
sity-Alumni game, with Lewis
switching to half.
The story of Washington's
performance in that game is
now well known to all Stanford
football fans. He ran for 74
yards and connected on four of
five passes for two touchdowns
in leading the undergrads to an
easy 41-10 triumph.
Washington's chief attributes
are his tremendous speed (he
has been timed at under 10 sec
onds for the hundred) and his
ability to fire under pressure.
This talent was most clearly
visible in the Varsity-Alumni
clash, prompting former Card
greats Paul Wiggin and John
Brodie, now professional stars,
to praise him.
In a year of frosh rcccrds and
undefeated seasons, it is vir
tually impossible to single out
one athlete as "best" over the
entire year. In this light, yet
without apology, our choice for
top frosh athlete of the year is

Gene Washington, outstanding
quarterback for the undefeated
football team.
With Washington at the helm
the frosh squad swept through
four outclassed opponents this
fall, culminating in a 49-13 rout
over the previously unbeaten
UCLA frosh. Gene ran for 214
yards, averagering nearly ten
yards a carry, and passed for
256 more. He scored four touch
downs as well.
In the annual spring intra
squad game Gene passed the
Red squad to a 14-6 win over a
White team led by last year's
top varsity signal-caller, Dave
Lewis. His efforts earned him a
starting role at QB in the Var
sity-Alumni game, with Lewis
switching to half.
The story of Washington's
performance in that game is
now well known to all Stanford
football fans. He ran for 74
yards and connected on four of
five passes for two touchdowns
in leading the undergrads to an
easy 41-10 triumph.
Washington's chief attributes
are his tremendous speed (he
has been timed at under 10 sec
onds for the hundred) and his
ability to fire under pressure.
This talent was most clearly
visible in the Varsity-Alumni
clash, prompting former Card
greats Paul Wiggin and John
Brodie, now professional stars,
to praise him.
In a year of frosh rcccrds and
undefeated seasons, it is vir
tually impossible to single out
one athlete as "best" over the
entire year. In this light, yet
without apology, our choice for
top frosh athlete of the year is

Gene Washington, outstanding
quarterback for the undefeated
football team.
With Washington at the helm
the frosh squad swept through
four outclassed opponents this
fall, culminating in a 49-13 rout
over the previously unbeaten
UCLA frosh. Gene ran for 214
yards, averagering nearly ten
yards a carry, and passed for
256 more. He scored four touch
downs as well.
In the annual spring intra
squad game Gene passed the
Red squad to a 14-6 win over a
White team led by last year's
top varsity signal-caller, Dave
Lewis. His efforts earned him a
starting role at QB in the Var
sity-Alumni game, with Lewis
switching to half.
The story of Washington's
performance in that game is
now well known to all Stanford
football fans. He ran for 74
yards and connected on four of
five passes for two touchdowns
in leading the undergrads to an
easy 41-10 triumph.
Washington's chief attributes
are his tremendous speed (he
has been timed at under 10 sec
onds for the hundred) and his
ability to fire under pressure.
This talent was most clearly
visible in the Varsity-Alumni
clash, prompting former Card
greats Paul Wiggin and John
Brodie, now professional stars,
to praise him.
In a year of frosh rcccrds and
undefeated seasons, it is vir
tually impossible to single out
one athlete as "best" over the
entire year. In this light, yet
without apology, our choice for
top frosh athlete of the year is

Gene Washington, outstanding
quarterback for the undefeated
football team.
With Washington at the helm
the frosh squad swept through
four outclassed opponents this
fall, culminating in a 49-13 rout
over the previously unbeaten
UCLA frosh. Gene ran for 214
yards, averagering nearly ten
yards a carry, and passed for
256 more. He scored four touch
downs as well.
In the annual spring intra
squad game Gene passed the
Red squad to a 14-6 win over a
White team led by last year's
top varsity signal-caller, Dave
Lewis. His efforts earned him a
starting role at QB in the Var
sity-Alumni game, with Lewis
switching to half.
The story of Washington's
performance in that game is
now well known to all Stanford
football fans. He ran for 74
yards and connected on four of
five passes for two touchdowns
in leading the undergrads to an
easy 41-10 triumph.
Washington's chief attributes
are his tremendous speed (he
has been timed at under 10 sec
onds for the hundred) and his
ability to fire under pressure.
This talent was most clearly
visible in the Varsity-Alumni
clash, prompting former Card
greats Paul Wiggin and John
Brodie, now professional stars,
to praise him.
In a year of frosh rcccrds and
undefeated seasons, it is vir
tually impossible to single out
one athlete as "best" over the
entire year. In this light, yet
without apology, our choice for
top frosh athlete of the year is

Gene Washington, outstanding
quarterback for the undefeated
football team.
With Washington at the helm
the frosh squad swept through
four outclassed opponents this
fall, culminating in a 49-13 rout
over the previously unbeaten
UCLA frosh. Gene ran for 214
yards, averagering nearly ten
yards a carry, and passed for
256 more. He scored four touch
downs as well.
In the annual spring intra
squad game Gene passed the
Red squad to a 14-6 win over a
White team led by last year's
top varsity signal-caller, Dave
Lewis. His efforts earned him a
starting role at QB in the Var
sity-Alumni game, with Lewis
switching to half.
The story of Washington's
performance in that game is
now well known to all Stanford
football fans. He ran for 74
yards and connected on four of
five passes for two touchdowns
in leading the undergrads to an
easy 41-10 triumph.
Washington's chief attributes
are his tremendous speed (he
has been timed at under 10 sec
onds for the hundred) and his
ability to fire under pressure.
This talent was most clearly
visible in the Varsity-Alumni
clash, prompting former Card
greats Paul Wiggin and John
Brodie, now professional stars,
to praise him.
In a year of frosh rcccrds and
undefeated seasons, it is vir
tually impossible to single out
one athlete as "best" over the
entire year. In this light, yet
without apology, our choice for
top frosh athlete of the year is

Gene Washington, outstanding
quarterback for the undefeated
football team.
With Washington at the helm
the frosh squad swept through
four outclassed opponents this
fall, culminating in a 49-13 rout
over the previously unbeaten
UCLA frosh. Gene ran for 214
yards, averagering nearly ten
yards a carry, and passed for
256 more. He scored four touch
downs as well.
In the annual spring intra
squad game Gene passed the
Red squad to a 14-6 win over a
White team led by last year's
top varsity signal-caller, Dave
Lewis. His efforts earned him a
starting role at QB in the Var
sity-Alumni game, with Lewis
switching to half.
The story of Washington's
performance in that game is
now well known to all Stanford
football fans. He ran for 74
yards and connected on four of
five passes for two touchdowns
in leading the undergrads to an
easy 41-10 triumph.
Washington's chief attributes
are his tremendous speed (he
has been timed at under 10 sec
onds for the hundred) and his
ability to fire under pressure.
This talent was most clearly
visible in the Varsity-Alumni
clash, prompting former Card
greats Paul Wiggin and John
Brodie, now professional stars,
to praise him.
In a year of frosh rcccrds and
undefeated seasons, it is vir
tually impossible to single out
one athlete as "best" over the
entire year. In this light, yet
without apology, our choice for
top frosh athlete of the year is

Gene Washington, outstanding
quarterback for the undefeated
football team.
With Washington at the helm
the frosh squad swept through
four outclassed opponents this
fall, culminating in a 49-13 rout
over the previously unbeaten
UCLA frosh. Gene ran for 214
yards, averagering nearly ten
yards a carry, and passed for
256 more. He scored four touch
downs as well.
In the annual spring intra
squad game Gene passed the
Red squad to a 14-6 win over a
White team led by last year's
top varsity signal-caller, Dave
Lewis. His efforts earned him a
starting role at QB in the Var
sity-Alumni game, with Lewis
switching to half.
The story of Washington's
performance in that game is
now well known to all Stanford
football fans. He ran for 74
yards and connected on four of
five passes for two touchdowns
in leading the undergrads to an
easy 41-10 triumph.
Washington's chief attributes
are his tremendous speed (he
has been timed at under 10 sec
onds for the hundred) and his
ability to fire under pressure.
This talent was most clearly
visible in the Varsity-Alumni
clash, prompting former Card
greats Paul Wiggin and John
Brodie, now professional stars,
to praise him.
In a year of frosh rcccrds and
undefeated seasons, it is vir
tually impossible to single out
one athlete as "best" over the
entire year. In this light, yet
without apology, our choice for
top frosh athlete of the year is

Gene Washington, outstanding
quarterback for the undefeated
football team.
With Washington at the helm
the frosh squad swept through
four outclassed opponents this
fall, culminating in a 49-13 rout
over the previously unbeaten
UCLA frosh. Gene ran for 214
yards, averagering nearly ten
yards a carry, and passed for
256 more. He scored four touch
downs as well.
In the annual spring intra
squad game Gene passed the
Red squad to a 14-6 win over a
White team led by last year's
top varsity signal-caller, Dave
Lewis. His efforts earned him a
starting role at QB in the Var
sity-Alumni game, with Lewis
switching to half.
The story of Washington's
performance in that game is
now well known to all Stanford
football fans. He ran for 74
yards and connected on four of
five passes for two touchdowns
in leading the undergrads to an
easy 41-10 triumph.
Washington's chief attributes
are his tremendous speed (he
has been timed at under 10 sec
onds for the hundred) and his
ability to fire under pressure.
This talent was most clearly
visible in the Varsity-Alumni
clash, prompting former Card
greats Paul Wiggin and John
Brodie, now professional stars,
to praise him.
