# Ze Maestro
## 
### 

The Master of the masters, Er
nest Ansermet, will conduct his
Orchestre de La Suisse Roman
do's ten concerts this summer at
Stanford during the Festival,
"20th Century Innovations."

The Master of the masters, Er
nest Ansermet, will conduct his
Orchestre de La Suisse Roman
do's ten concerts this summer at
Stanford during the Festival,
"20th Century Innovations."

The Master of the masters, Er
nest Ansermet, will conduct his
Orchestre de La Suisse Roman
do's ten concerts this summer at
Stanford during the Festival,
"20th Century Innovations."

The Master of the masters, Er
nest Ansermet, will conduct his
Orchestre de La Suisse Roman
do's ten concerts this summer at
Stanford during the Festival,
"20th Century Innovations."

The Master of the masters, Er
nest Ansermet, will conduct his
Orchestre de La Suisse Roman
do's ten concerts this summer at
Stanford during the Festival,
"20th Century Innovations."

The Master of the masters, Er
nest Ansermet, will conduct his
Orchestre de La Suisse Roman
do's ten concerts this summer at
Stanford during the Festival,
"20th Century Innovations."

The Master of the masters, Er
nest Ansermet, will conduct his
Orchestre de La Suisse Roman
do's ten concerts this summer at
Stanford during the Festival,
"20th Century Innovations."

The Master of the masters, Er
nest Ansermet, will conduct his
Orchestre de La Suisse Roman
do's ten concerts this summer at
Stanford during the Festival,
"20th Century Innovations."

The Master of the masters, Er
nest Ansermet, will conduct his
Orchestre de La Suisse Roman
do's ten concerts this summer at
Stanford during the Festival,
"20th Century Innovations."

The Master of the masters, Er
nest Ansermet, will conduct his
Orchestre de La Suisse Roman
do's ten concerts this summer at
Stanford during the Festival,
"20th Century Innovations."

The Master of the masters, Er
nest Ansermet, will conduct his
Orchestre de La Suisse Roman
do's ten concerts this summer at
Stanford during the Festival,
"20th Century Innovations."

The Master of the masters, Er
nest Ansermet, will conduct his
Orchestre de La Suisse Roman
do's ten concerts this summer at
Stanford during the Festival,
"20th Century Innovations."

The Master of the masters, Er
nest Ansermet, will conduct his
Orchestre de La Suisse Roman
do's ten concerts this summer at
Stanford during the Festival,
"20th Century Innovations."

The Master of the masters, Er
nest Ansermet, will conduct his
Orchestre de La Suisse Roman
do's ten concerts this summer at
Stanford during the Festival,
"20th Century Innovations."

The Master of the masters, Er
nest Ansermet, will conduct his
Orchestre de La Suisse Roman
do's ten concerts this summer at
Stanford during the Festival,
"20th Century Innovations."
