# SPANISH FLICK
## 
### 
The Department of Germanic and
Romanic Lanuguages will present a
foreign language film, "The Young
and the Damned," today in Cubber-
Icy Auditorium. The film, which is
in Spanish, will begin at 3:15.
The Department of Germanic and
Romanic Lanuguages will present a
foreign language film, "The Young
and the Damned," today in Cubber-
Icy Auditorium. The film, which is
in Spanish, will begin at 3:15.
The Department of Germanic and
Romanic Lanuguages will present a
foreign language film, "The Young
and the Damned," today in Cubber-
Icy Auditorium. The film, which is
in Spanish, will begin at 3:15.
The Department of Germanic and
Romanic Lanuguages will present a
foreign language film, "The Young
and the Damned," today in Cubber-
Icy Auditorium. The film, which is
in Spanish, will begin at 3:15.
The Department of Germanic and
Romanic Lanuguages will present a
foreign language film, "The Young
and the Damned," today in Cubber-
Icy Auditorium. The film, which is
in Spanish, will begin at 3:15.
The Department of Germanic and
Romanic Lanuguages will present a
foreign language film, "The Young
and the Damned," today in Cubber-
Icy Auditorium. The film, which is
in Spanish, will begin at 3:15.
The Department of Germanic and
Romanic Lanuguages will present a
foreign language film, "The Young
and the Damned," today in Cubber-
Icy Auditorium. The film, which is
in Spanish, will begin at 3:15.
The Department of Germanic and
Romanic Lanuguages will present a
foreign language film, "The Young
and the Damned," today in Cubber-
Icy Auditorium. The film, which is
in Spanish, will begin at 3:15.
The Department of Germanic and
Romanic Lanuguages will present a
foreign language film, "The Young
and the Damned," today in Cubber-
Icy Auditorium. The film, which is
in Spanish, will begin at 3:15.
The Department of Germanic and
Romanic Lanuguages will present a
foreign language film, "The Young
and the Damned," today in Cubber-
Icy Auditorium. The film, which is
in Spanish, will begin at 3:15.
The Department of Germanic and
Romanic Lanuguages will present a
foreign language film, "The Young
and the Damned," today in Cubber-
Icy Auditorium. The film, which is
in Spanish, will begin at 3:15.
The Department of Germanic and
Romanic Lanuguages will present a
foreign language film, "The Young
and the Damned," today in Cubber-
Icy Auditorium. The film, which is
in Spanish, will begin at 3:15.
The Department of Germanic and
Romanic Lanuguages will present a
foreign language film, "The Young
and the Damned," today in Cubber-
Icy Auditorium. The film, which is
in Spanish, will begin at 3:15.
The Department of Germanic and
Romanic Lanuguages will present a
foreign language film, "The Young
and the Damned," today in Cubber-
Icy Auditorium. The film, which is
in Spanish, will begin at 3:15.
