# Easter Gifts, Cards On Sale at Bookstore
## 
### 
The Bookstore will offer this week
a new selection of gifts and cards
for Easter, it was announced yes
terday.
Orders are being taken now for
senior graduation announcements,
programs, and calling cards. Pro
grams are $1-50 each; announce
ments are 15 cents each or two for
25 cents.
The Bookstore will offer this week
a new selection of gifts and cards
for Easter, it was announced yes
terday.
Orders are being taken now for
senior graduation announcements,
programs, and calling cards. Pro
grams are $1-50 each; announce
ments are 15 cents each or two for
25 cents.
The Bookstore will offer this week
a new selection of gifts and cards
for Easter, it was announced yes
terday.
Orders are being taken now for
senior graduation announcements,
programs, and calling cards. Pro
grams are $1-50 each; announce
ments are 15 cents each or two for
25 cents.
The Bookstore will offer this week
a new selection of gifts and cards
for Easter, it was announced yes
terday.
Orders are being taken now for
senior graduation announcements,
programs, and calling cards. Pro
grams are $1-50 each; announce
ments are 15 cents each or two for
25 cents.
The Bookstore will offer this week
a new selection of gifts and cards
for Easter, it was announced yes
terday.
Orders are being taken now for
senior graduation announcements,
programs, and calling cards. Pro
grams are $1-50 each; announce
ments are 15 cents each or two for
25 cents.
The Bookstore will offer this week
a new selection of gifts and cards
for Easter, it was announced yes
terday.
Orders are being taken now for
senior graduation announcements,
programs, and calling cards. Pro
grams are $1-50 each; announce
ments are 15 cents each or two for
25 cents.
The Bookstore will offer this week
a new selection of gifts and cards
for Easter, it was announced yes
terday.
Orders are being taken now for
senior graduation announcements,
programs, and calling cards. Pro
grams are $1-50 each; announce
ments are 15 cents each or two for
25 cents.
The Bookstore will offer this week
a new selection of gifts and cards
for Easter, it was announced yes
terday.
Orders are being taken now for
senior graduation announcements,
programs, and calling cards. Pro
grams are $1-50 each; announce
ments are 15 cents each or two for
25 cents.
The Bookstore will offer this week
a new selection of gifts and cards
for Easter, it was announced yes
terday.
Orders are being taken now for
senior graduation announcements,
programs, and calling cards. Pro
grams are $1-50 each; announce
ments are 15 cents each or two for
25 cents.
The Bookstore will offer this week
a new selection of gifts and cards
for Easter, it was announced yes
terday.
Orders are being taken now for
senior graduation announcements,
programs, and calling cards. Pro
grams are $1-50 each; announce
ments are 15 cents each or two for
25 cents.
The Bookstore will offer this week
a new selection of gifts and cards
for Easter, it was announced yes
terday.
Orders are being taken now for
senior graduation announcements,
programs, and calling cards. Pro
grams are $1-50 each; announce
ments are 15 cents each or two for
25 cents.
The Bookstore will offer this week
a new selection of gifts and cards
for Easter, it was announced yes
terday.
Orders are being taken now for
senior graduation announcements,
programs, and calling cards. Pro
grams are $1-50 each; announce
ments are 15 cents each or two for
25 cents.
The Bookstore will offer this week
a new selection of gifts and cards
for Easter, it was announced yes
terday.
Orders are being taken now for
senior graduation announcements,
programs, and calling cards. Pro
grams are $1-50 each; announce
ments are 15 cents each or two for
25 cents.
The Bookstore will offer this week
a new selection of gifts and cards
for Easter, it was announced yes
terday.
Orders are being taken now for
senior graduation announcements,
programs, and calling cards. Pro
grams are $1-50 each; announce
ments are 15 cents each or two for
25 cents.
The Bookstore will offer this week
a new selection of gifts and cards
for Easter, it was announced yes
terday.
Orders are being taken now for
senior graduation announcements,
programs, and calling cards. Pro
grams are $1-50 each; announce
ments are 15 cents each or two for
25 cents.
