# Medical Aid Flown To Mine Survivor
## 
### 
HALIFAX, N.S., April 27 (/P).—A
second plane load of medical equip
ment was being brought from To
ronto today for the treatment of
Charles Alfred Scadding, one of the
two survivors of a ten-day entomb
ment in (he Moose Eiver gold mine.
Dr. Harold D. Storms, physio
therapist of the Ontario Workmen's
Compensation Board, was bringing
the special electrical equipment,
known as a six-meter ultra short
wave diathermy, to treat Scadding's
foot condition. A "glass boot" was
sent previously to aid circulation.
HALIFAX, N.S., April 27 (/P).—A
second plane load of medical equip
ment was being brought from To
ronto today for the treatment of
Charles Alfred Scadding, one of the
two survivors of a ten-day entomb
ment in (he Moose Eiver gold mine.
Dr. Harold D. Storms, physio
therapist of the Ontario Workmen's
Compensation Board, was bringing
the special electrical equipment,
known as a six-meter ultra short
wave diathermy, to treat Scadding's
foot condition. A "glass boot" was
sent previously to aid circulation.
HALIFAX, N.S., April 27 (/P).—A
second plane load of medical equip
ment was being brought from To
ronto today for the treatment of
Charles Alfred Scadding, one of the
two survivors of a ten-day entomb
ment in (he Moose Eiver gold mine.
Dr. Harold D. Storms, physio
therapist of the Ontario Workmen's
Compensation Board, was bringing
the special electrical equipment,
known as a six-meter ultra short
wave diathermy, to treat Scadding's
foot condition. A "glass boot" was
sent previously to aid circulation.
HALIFAX, N.S., April 27 (/P).—A
second plane load of medical equip
ment was being brought from To
ronto today for the treatment of
Charles Alfred Scadding, one of the
two survivors of a ten-day entomb
ment in (he Moose Eiver gold mine.
Dr. Harold D. Storms, physio
therapist of the Ontario Workmen's
Compensation Board, was bringing
the special electrical equipment,
known as a six-meter ultra short
wave diathermy, to treat Scadding's
foot condition. A "glass boot" was
sent previously to aid circulation.
HALIFAX, N.S., April 27 (/P).—A
second plane load of medical equip
ment was being brought from To
ronto today for the treatment of
Charles Alfred Scadding, one of the
two survivors of a ten-day entomb
ment in (he Moose Eiver gold mine.
Dr. Harold D. Storms, physio
therapist of the Ontario Workmen's
Compensation Board, was bringing
the special electrical equipment,
known as a six-meter ultra short
wave diathermy, to treat Scadding's
foot condition. A "glass boot" was
sent previously to aid circulation.
HALIFAX, N.S., April 27 (/P).—A
second plane load of medical equip
ment was being brought from To
ronto today for the treatment of
Charles Alfred Scadding, one of the
two survivors of a ten-day entomb
ment in (he Moose Eiver gold mine.
Dr. Harold D. Storms, physio
therapist of the Ontario Workmen's
Compensation Board, was bringing
the special electrical equipment,
known as a six-meter ultra short
wave diathermy, to treat Scadding's
foot condition. A "glass boot" was
sent previously to aid circulation.
HALIFAX, N.S., April 27 (/P).—A
second plane load of medical equip
ment was being brought from To
ronto today for the treatment of
Charles Alfred Scadding, one of the
two survivors of a ten-day entomb
ment in (he Moose Eiver gold mine.
Dr. Harold D. Storms, physio
therapist of the Ontario Workmen's
Compensation Board, was bringing
the special electrical equipment,
known as a six-meter ultra short
wave diathermy, to treat Scadding's
foot condition. A "glass boot" was
sent previously to aid circulation.
HALIFAX, N.S., April 27 (/P).—A
second plane load of medical equip
ment was being brought from To
ronto today for the treatment of
Charles Alfred Scadding, one of the
two survivors of a ten-day entomb
ment in (he Moose Eiver gold mine.
Dr. Harold D. Storms, physio
therapist of the Ontario Workmen's
Compensation Board, was bringing
the special electrical equipment,
known as a six-meter ultra short
wave diathermy, to treat Scadding's
foot condition. A "glass boot" was
sent previously to aid circulation.
HALIFAX, N.S., April 27 (/P).—A
second plane load of medical equip
ment was being brought from To
ronto today for the treatment of
Charles Alfred Scadding, one of the
two survivors of a ten-day entomb
ment in (he Moose Eiver gold mine.
Dr. Harold D. Storms, physio
therapist of the Ontario Workmen's
Compensation Board, was bringing
the special electrical equipment,
known as a six-meter ultra short
wave diathermy, to treat Scadding's
foot condition. A "glass boot" was
sent previously to aid circulation.
HALIFAX, N.S., April 27 (/P).—A
second plane load of medical equip
ment was being brought from To
ronto today for the treatment of
Charles Alfred Scadding, one of the
two survivors of a ten-day entomb
ment in (he Moose Eiver gold mine.
Dr. Harold D. Storms, physio
therapist of the Ontario Workmen's
Compensation Board, was bringing
the special electrical equipment,
known as a six-meter ultra short
wave diathermy, to treat Scadding's
foot condition. A "glass boot" was
sent previously to aid circulation.
HALIFAX, N.S., April 27 (/P).—A
second plane load of medical equip
ment was being brought from To
ronto today for the treatment of
Charles Alfred Scadding, one of the
two survivors of a ten-day entomb
ment in (he Moose Eiver gold mine.
Dr. Harold D. Storms, physio
therapist of the Ontario Workmen's
Compensation Board, was bringing
the special electrical equipment,
known as a six-meter ultra short
wave diathermy, to treat Scadding's
foot condition. A "glass boot" was
sent previously to aid circulation.
HALIFAX, N.S., April 27 (/P).—A
second plane load of medical equip
ment was being brought from To
ronto today for the treatment of
Charles Alfred Scadding, one of the
two survivors of a ten-day entomb
ment in (he Moose Eiver gold mine.
Dr. Harold D. Storms, physio
therapist of the Ontario Workmen's
Compensation Board, was bringing
the special electrical equipment,
known as a six-meter ultra short
wave diathermy, to treat Scadding's
foot condition. A "glass boot" was
sent previously to aid circulation.
HALIFAX, N.S., April 27 (/P).—A
second plane load of medical equip
ment was being brought from To
ronto today for the treatment of
Charles Alfred Scadding, one of the
two survivors of a ten-day entomb
ment in (he Moose Eiver gold mine.
Dr. Harold D. Storms, physio
therapist of the Ontario Workmen's
Compensation Board, was bringing
the special electrical equipment,
known as a six-meter ultra short
wave diathermy, to treat Scadding's
foot condition. A "glass boot" was
sent previously to aid circulation.
HALIFAX, N.S., April 27 (/P).—A
second plane load of medical equip
ment was being brought from To
ronto today for the treatment of
Charles Alfred Scadding, one of the
two survivors of a ten-day entomb
ment in (he Moose Eiver gold mine.
Dr. Harold D. Storms, physio
therapist of the Ontario Workmen's
Compensation Board, was bringing
the special electrical equipment,
known as a six-meter ultra short
wave diathermy, to treat Scadding's
foot condition. A "glass boot" was
sent previously to aid circulation.
HALIFAX, N.S., April 27 (/P).—A
second plane load of medical equip
ment was being brought from To
ronto today for the treatment of
Charles Alfred Scadding, one of the
two survivors of a ten-day entomb
ment in (he Moose Eiver gold mine.
Dr. Harold D. Storms, physio
therapist of the Ontario Workmen's
Compensation Board, was bringing
the special electrical equipment,
known as a six-meter ultra short
wave diathermy, to treat Scadding's
foot condition. A "glass boot" was
sent previously to aid circulation.
HALIFAX, N.S., April 27 (/P).—A
second plane load of medical equip
ment was being brought from To
ronto today for the treatment of
Charles Alfred Scadding, one of the
two survivors of a ten-day entomb
ment in (he Moose Eiver gold mine.
Dr. Harold D. Storms, physio
therapist of the Ontario Workmen's
Compensation Board, was bringing
the special electrical equipment,
known as a six-meter ultra short
wave diathermy, to treat Scadding's
foot condition. A "glass boot" was
sent previously to aid circulation.
