# The 						Farm Looks On
## 
### 
I From Associated Press j
First to attempt escape from for
bidding Alcatraz Island federal
prison, Joe Bowers, 40-year-old
mail robber, was killed yesterday
when he plunged 60 feet over a
cliff as guards volleyed shots at
him. See page 2, column 5.
Communist gains in the French
Chamber of Deputies election
Sunday, along with prospect of a
leftist victory in next Sunday's
run-olfs, caused French stocks
and bonds to sag heavily yester
day on the Paris Bourse. See page
2, column 6.
Italian forces were converging on
Addis Ababa from the north and
from the south today, drawing
slowly but surely nearer to their
goal.
Meanwhile, Italian. aviators
dropped leaflets on the Ethiopian
capital warning that they would
bomb and "destroy" the city if
their warning is resisted.
