# To Officiate
## 
### 

P.OB MALLETT (above) will
officiate at the Stanford Con
valescent Home Labor Day to
lie observed on the Farm tomor
row afternoon.

P.OB MALLETT (above) will
officiate at the Stanford Con
valescent Home Labor Day to
lie observed on the Farm tomor
row afternoon.

P.OB MALLETT (above) will
officiate at the Stanford Con
valescent Home Labor Day to
lie observed on the Farm tomor
row afternoon.

P.OB MALLETT (above) will
officiate at the Stanford Con
valescent Home Labor Day to
lie observed on the Farm tomor
row afternoon.

P.OB MALLETT (above) will
officiate at the Stanford Con
valescent Home Labor Day to
lie observed on the Farm tomor
row afternoon.

P.OB MALLETT (above) will
officiate at the Stanford Con
valescent Home Labor Day to
lie observed on the Farm tomor
row afternoon.

P.OB MALLETT (above) will
officiate at the Stanford Con
valescent Home Labor Day to
lie observed on the Farm tomor
row afternoon.

P.OB MALLETT (above) will
officiate at the Stanford Con
valescent Home Labor Day to
lie observed on the Farm tomor
row afternoon.

P.OB MALLETT (above) will
officiate at the Stanford Con
valescent Home Labor Day to
lie observed on the Farm tomor
row afternoon.

P.OB MALLETT (above) will
officiate at the Stanford Con
valescent Home Labor Day to
lie observed on the Farm tomor
row afternoon.

P.OB MALLETT (above) will
officiate at the Stanford Con
valescent Home Labor Day to
lie observed on the Farm tomor
row afternoon.

P.OB MALLETT (above) will
officiate at the Stanford Con
valescent Home Labor Day to
lie observed on the Farm tomor
row afternoon.

P.OB MALLETT (above) will
officiate at the Stanford Con
valescent Home Labor Day to
lie observed on the Farm tomor
row afternoon.

P.OB MALLETT (above) will
officiate at the Stanford Con
valescent Home Labor Day to
lie observed on the Farm tomor
row afternoon.

P.OB MALLETT (above) will
officiate at the Stanford Con
valescent Home Labor Day to
lie observed on the Farm tomor
row afternoon.

P.OB MALLETT (above) will
officiate at the Stanford Con
valescent Home Labor Day to
lie observed on the Farm tomor
row afternoon.
