# Red Sox Leave Camp For Games in Atlanta
## 
### 
SARASOTA. Fla., April 3 </P>.—
Manager Joe Cronin and his Boston
Red Sox broke camp today and
started the 22-hour train jump to
Atlanta, where the American
Leaguers will engage the Crackers
tomorrow and Friday.
During the past five weeks of
training veteran camp followers
have been unable to pass judgment
on the sox' pennant chances but all
agreed that, due to Bob "Lefty"
Grove's improvement, the Cronin
squad was much stronger than the
Boston group Bucky Harris headed
north last year.
SARASOTA. Fla., April 3 </P>.—
Manager Joe Cronin and his Boston
Red Sox broke camp today and
started the 22-hour train jump to
Atlanta, where the American
Leaguers will engage the Crackers
tomorrow and Friday.
During the past five weeks of
training veteran camp followers
have been unable to pass judgment
on the sox' pennant chances but all
agreed that, due to Bob "Lefty"
Grove's improvement, the Cronin
squad was much stronger than the
Boston group Bucky Harris headed
north last year.
SARASOTA. Fla., April 3 </P>.—
Manager Joe Cronin and his Boston
Red Sox broke camp today and
started the 22-hour train jump to
Atlanta, where the American
Leaguers will engage the Crackers
tomorrow and Friday.
During the past five weeks of
training veteran camp followers
have been unable to pass judgment
on the sox' pennant chances but all
agreed that, due to Bob "Lefty"
Grove's improvement, the Cronin
squad was much stronger than the
Boston group Bucky Harris headed
north last year.
SARASOTA. Fla., April 3 </P>.—
Manager Joe Cronin and his Boston
Red Sox broke camp today and
started the 22-hour train jump to
Atlanta, where the American
Leaguers will engage the Crackers
tomorrow and Friday.
During the past five weeks of
training veteran camp followers
have been unable to pass judgment
on the sox' pennant chances but all
agreed that, due to Bob "Lefty"
Grove's improvement, the Cronin
squad was much stronger than the
Boston group Bucky Harris headed
north last year.
SARASOTA. Fla., April 3 </P>.—
Manager Joe Cronin and his Boston
Red Sox broke camp today and
started the 22-hour train jump to
Atlanta, where the American
Leaguers will engage the Crackers
tomorrow and Friday.
During the past five weeks of
training veteran camp followers
have been unable to pass judgment
on the sox' pennant chances but all
agreed that, due to Bob "Lefty"
Grove's improvement, the Cronin
squad was much stronger than the
Boston group Bucky Harris headed
north last year.
SARASOTA. Fla., April 3 </P>.—
Manager Joe Cronin and his Boston
Red Sox broke camp today and
started the 22-hour train jump to
Atlanta, where the American
Leaguers will engage the Crackers
tomorrow and Friday.
During the past five weeks of
training veteran camp followers
have been unable to pass judgment
on the sox' pennant chances but all
agreed that, due to Bob "Lefty"
Grove's improvement, the Cronin
squad was much stronger than the
Boston group Bucky Harris headed
north last year.
SARASOTA. Fla., April 3 </P>.—
Manager Joe Cronin and his Boston
Red Sox broke camp today and
started the 22-hour train jump to
Atlanta, where the American
Leaguers will engage the Crackers
tomorrow and Friday.
During the past five weeks of
training veteran camp followers
have been unable to pass judgment
on the sox' pennant chances but all
agreed that, due to Bob "Lefty"
Grove's improvement, the Cronin
squad was much stronger than the
Boston group Bucky Harris headed
north last year.
SARASOTA. Fla., April 3 </P>.—
Manager Joe Cronin and his Boston
Red Sox broke camp today and
started the 22-hour train jump to
Atlanta, where the American
Leaguers will engage the Crackers
tomorrow and Friday.
During the past five weeks of
training veteran camp followers
have been unable to pass judgment
on the sox' pennant chances but all
agreed that, due to Bob "Lefty"
Grove's improvement, the Cronin
squad was much stronger than the
Boston group Bucky Harris headed
north last year.
SARASOTA. Fla., April 3 </P>.—
Manager Joe Cronin and his Boston
Red Sox broke camp today and
started the 22-hour train jump to
Atlanta, where the American
Leaguers will engage the Crackers
tomorrow and Friday.
During the past five weeks of
training veteran camp followers
have been unable to pass judgment
on the sox' pennant chances but all
agreed that, due to Bob "Lefty"
Grove's improvement, the Cronin
squad was much stronger than the
Boston group Bucky Harris headed
north last year.
SARASOTA. Fla., April 3 </P>.—
Manager Joe Cronin and his Boston
Red Sox broke camp today and
started the 22-hour train jump to
Atlanta, where the American
Leaguers will engage the Crackers
tomorrow and Friday.
During the past five weeks of
training veteran camp followers
have been unable to pass judgment
on the sox' pennant chances but all
agreed that, due to Bob "Lefty"
Grove's improvement, the Cronin
squad was much stronger than the
Boston group Bucky Harris headed
north last year.
SARASOTA. Fla., April 3 </P>.—
Manager Joe Cronin and his Boston
Red Sox broke camp today and
started the 22-hour train jump to
Atlanta, where the American
Leaguers will engage the Crackers
tomorrow and Friday.
During the past five weeks of
training veteran camp followers
have been unable to pass judgment
on the sox' pennant chances but all
agreed that, due to Bob "Lefty"
Grove's improvement, the Cronin
squad was much stronger than the
Boston group Bucky Harris headed
north last year.
SARASOTA. Fla., April 3 </P>.—
Manager Joe Cronin and his Boston
Red Sox broke camp today and
started the 22-hour train jump to
Atlanta, where the American
Leaguers will engage the Crackers
tomorrow and Friday.
During the past five weeks of
training veteran camp followers
have been unable to pass judgment
on the sox' pennant chances but all
agreed that, due to Bob "Lefty"
Grove's improvement, the Cronin
squad was much stronger than the
Boston group Bucky Harris headed
north last year.
SARASOTA. Fla., April 3 </P>.—
Manager Joe Cronin and his Boston
Red Sox broke camp today and
started the 22-hour train jump to
Atlanta, where the American
Leaguers will engage the Crackers
tomorrow and Friday.
During the past five weeks of
training veteran camp followers
have been unable to pass judgment
on the sox' pennant chances but all
agreed that, due to Bob "Lefty"
Grove's improvement, the Cronin
squad was much stronger than the
Boston group Bucky Harris headed
north last year.
SARASOTA. Fla., April 3 </P>.—
Manager Joe Cronin and his Boston
Red Sox broke camp today and
started the 22-hour train jump to
Atlanta, where the American
Leaguers will engage the Crackers
tomorrow and Friday.
During the past five weeks of
training veteran camp followers
have been unable to pass judgment
on the sox' pennant chances but all
agreed that, due to Bob "Lefty"
Grove's improvement, the Cronin
squad was much stronger than the
Boston group Bucky Harris headed
north last year.
SARASOTA. Fla., April 3 </P>.—
Manager Joe Cronin and his Boston
Red Sox broke camp today and
started the 22-hour train jump to
Atlanta, where the American
Leaguers will engage the Crackers
tomorrow and Friday.
During the past five weeks of
training veteran camp followers
have been unable to pass judgment
on the sox' pennant chances but all
agreed that, due to Bob "Lefty"
Grove's improvement, the Cronin
squad was much stronger than the
Boston group Bucky Harris headed
north last year.
