# TICKET SALE STARTS
## 
### 
Tickets for Saturday's I.C.
4-A. benefit meet will be sold
for 25 cents today and tomor
row at the A.S.S.U. offices and
bv special representatives in
Encina, Roblc, Lagunita, and
Union halls.
A last minute flash from
Skull and Snakes heads last
night stated tint John Lyman
will attempt to break the 70-
foot 7%-inch record in the
eight-pound shot which he set
at last year's benefit meet.
Tickets for Saturday's I.C.
4-A. benefit meet will be sold
for 25 cents today and tomor
row at the A.S.S.U. offices and
bv special representatives in
Encina, Roblc, Lagunita, and
Union halls.
A last minute flash from
Skull and Snakes heads last
night stated tint John Lyman
will attempt to break the 70-
foot 7%-inch record in the
eight-pound shot which he set
at last year's benefit meet.
Tickets for Saturday's I.C.
4-A. benefit meet will be sold
for 25 cents today and tomor
row at the A.S.S.U. offices and
bv special representatives in
Encina, Roblc, Lagunita, and
Union halls.
A last minute flash from
Skull and Snakes heads last
night stated tint John Lyman
will attempt to break the 70-
foot 7%-inch record in the
eight-pound shot which he set
at last year's benefit meet.
Tickets for Saturday's I.C.
4-A. benefit meet will be sold
for 25 cents today and tomor
row at the A.S.S.U. offices and
bv special representatives in
Encina, Roblc, Lagunita, and
Union halls.
A last minute flash from
Skull and Snakes heads last
night stated tint John Lyman
will attempt to break the 70-
foot 7%-inch record in the
eight-pound shot which he set
at last year's benefit meet.
Tickets for Saturday's I.C.
4-A. benefit meet will be sold
for 25 cents today and tomor
row at the A.S.S.U. offices and
bv special representatives in
Encina, Roblc, Lagunita, and
Union halls.
A last minute flash from
Skull and Snakes heads last
night stated tint John Lyman
will attempt to break the 70-
foot 7%-inch record in the
eight-pound shot which he set
at last year's benefit meet.
Tickets for Saturday's I.C.
4-A. benefit meet will be sold
for 25 cents today and tomor
row at the A.S.S.U. offices and
bv special representatives in
Encina, Roblc, Lagunita, and
Union halls.
A last minute flash from
Skull and Snakes heads last
night stated tint John Lyman
will attempt to break the 70-
foot 7%-inch record in the
eight-pound shot which he set
at last year's benefit meet.
Tickets for Saturday's I.C.
4-A. benefit meet will be sold
for 25 cents today and tomor
row at the A.S.S.U. offices and
bv special representatives in
Encina, Roblc, Lagunita, and
Union halls.
A last minute flash from
Skull and Snakes heads last
night stated tint John Lyman
will attempt to break the 70-
foot 7%-inch record in the
eight-pound shot which he set
at last year's benefit meet.
Tickets for Saturday's I.C.
4-A. benefit meet will be sold
for 25 cents today and tomor
row at the A.S.S.U. offices and
bv special representatives in
Encina, Roblc, Lagunita, and
Union halls.
A last minute flash from
Skull and Snakes heads last
night stated tint John Lyman
will attempt to break the 70-
foot 7%-inch record in the
eight-pound shot which he set
at last year's benefit meet.
Tickets for Saturday's I.C.
4-A. benefit meet will be sold
for 25 cents today and tomor
row at the A.S.S.U. offices and
bv special representatives in
Encina, Roblc, Lagunita, and
Union halls.
A last minute flash from
Skull and Snakes heads last
night stated tint John Lyman
will attempt to break the 70-
foot 7%-inch record in the
eight-pound shot which he set
at last year's benefit meet.
Tickets for Saturday's I.C.
4-A. benefit meet will be sold
for 25 cents today and tomor
row at the A.S.S.U. offices and
bv special representatives in
Encina, Roblc, Lagunita, and
Union halls.
A last minute flash from
Skull and Snakes heads last
night stated tint John Lyman
will attempt to break the 70-
foot 7%-inch record in the
eight-pound shot which he set
at last year's benefit meet.
Tickets for Saturday's I.C.
4-A. benefit meet will be sold
for 25 cents today and tomor
row at the A.S.S.U. offices and
bv special representatives in
Encina, Roblc, Lagunita, and
Union halls.
A last minute flash from
Skull and Snakes heads last
night stated tint John Lyman
will attempt to break the 70-
foot 7%-inch record in the
eight-pound shot which he set
at last year's benefit meet.
Tickets for Saturday's I.C.
4-A. benefit meet will be sold
for 25 cents today and tomor
row at the A.S.S.U. offices and
bv special representatives in
Encina, Roblc, Lagunita, and
Union halls.
A last minute flash from
Skull and Snakes heads last
night stated tint John Lyman
will attempt to break the 70-
foot 7%-inch record in the
eight-pound shot which he set
at last year's benefit meet.
Tickets for Saturday's I.C.
4-A. benefit meet will be sold
for 25 cents today and tomor
row at the A.S.S.U. offices and
bv special representatives in
Encina, Roblc, Lagunita, and
Union halls.
A last minute flash from
Skull and Snakes heads last
night stated tint John Lyman
will attempt to break the 70-
foot 7%-inch record in the
eight-pound shot which he set
at last year's benefit meet.
Tickets for Saturday's I.C.
4-A. benefit meet will be sold
for 25 cents today and tomor
row at the A.S.S.U. offices and
bv special representatives in
Encina, Roblc, Lagunita, and
Union halls.
A last minute flash from
Skull and Snakes heads last
night stated tint John Lyman
will attempt to break the 70-
foot 7%-inch record in the
eight-pound shot which he set
at last year's benefit meet.
Tickets for Saturday's I.C.
4-A. benefit meet will be sold
for 25 cents today and tomor
row at the A.S.S.U. offices and
bv special representatives in
Encina, Roblc, Lagunita, and
Union halls.
A last minute flash from
Skull and Snakes heads last
night stated tint John Lyman
will attempt to break the 70-
foot 7%-inch record in the
eight-pound shot which he set
at last year's benefit meet.
