# DISCUSSING PEACE
## 
### 
The Editor, Sir:
It is a privilege to call to your
attention an important decision of
Dr. Wilbur.
On April 12 there is scheduled a
national student strike against war
and fascism, which has aroused a
great deal of discussion pro and con.
A group of Stanford students rep
resenting seven organizations sug
gested that the students should pur
sue a less emotional and more con
structive approachâ€”to have an all
University assembly on that day at
which student speakers would pre
sent all phases of the peace prob
lem.
Dr. Wilbur was in a difficult posi
tion. He has not only the interests
of the students to consider, but also
the good name of the University.
It would certainly be unwise to al
low the University to become a tool
in the hands of certain students who
were seeking publicity. Yet he did
want to co-operate with legitimate
student interests.
It is our opinion that Dr. Wilbur
is to be highly complimented in his
decision favoring intelligent student
discussion. In view of the policy of
the administrations of many other
colleges on the Pacific Coast, his
decision is an outstanding achieve
ment. It merits whole-hearted sup
port.
Sincerely,
Spcncer Thompson, '35
