# NUDISTS ROB CONSTABLE
## 
### 
LONDON. April 3 (/P). —While at
tending a nudist colony in North
London, a police constable lost his
warrant card and $15 to a thief who
went through his clothing in the
dressing room. I
LONDON. April 3 (/P). —While at
tending a nudist colony in North
London, a police constable lost his
warrant card and $15 to a thief who
went through his clothing in the
dressing room. I
LONDON. April 3 (/P). —While at
tending a nudist colony in North
London, a police constable lost his
warrant card and $15 to a thief who
went through his clothing in the
dressing room. I
LONDON. April 3 (/P). —While at
tending a nudist colony in North
London, a police constable lost his
warrant card and $15 to a thief who
went through his clothing in the
dressing room. I
LONDON. April 3 (/P). —While at
tending a nudist colony in North
London, a police constable lost his
warrant card and $15 to a thief who
went through his clothing in the
dressing room. I
LONDON. April 3 (/P). —While at
tending a nudist colony in North
London, a police constable lost his
warrant card and $15 to a thief who
went through his clothing in the
dressing room. I
LONDON. April 3 (/P). —While at
tending a nudist colony in North
London, a police constable lost his
warrant card and $15 to a thief who
went through his clothing in the
dressing room. I
LONDON. April 3 (/P). —While at
tending a nudist colony in North
London, a police constable lost his
warrant card and $15 to a thief who
went through his clothing in the
dressing room. I
LONDON. April 3 (/P). —While at
tending a nudist colony in North
London, a police constable lost his
warrant card and $15 to a thief who
went through his clothing in the
dressing room. I
LONDON. April 3 (/P). —While at
tending a nudist colony in North
London, a police constable lost his
warrant card and $15 to a thief who
went through his clothing in the
dressing room. I
LONDON. April 3 (/P). —While at
tending a nudist colony in North
London, a police constable lost his
warrant card and $15 to a thief who
went through his clothing in the
dressing room. I
LONDON. April 3 (/P). —While at
tending a nudist colony in North
London, a police constable lost his
warrant card and $15 to a thief who
went through his clothing in the
dressing room. I
LONDON. April 3 (/P). —While at
tending a nudist colony in North
London, a police constable lost his
warrant card and $15 to a thief who
went through his clothing in the
dressing room. I
LONDON. April 3 (/P). —While at
tending a nudist colony in North
London, a police constable lost his
warrant card and $15 to a thief who
went through his clothing in the
dressing room. I
LONDON. April 3 (/P). —While at
tending a nudist colony in North
London, a police constable lost his
warrant card and $15 to a thief who
went through his clothing in the
dressing room. I
