# 12 Yachts in Race To Havana Unreported
## 
### 
HAVANA, April 3 (/P) — With all
important trophies captured by the
few boats now in port here, 12 of the
original starters in the St. Peters
burg-Havana yacht race remained
unreported tonight.
William B. Allen, 74-year-old
Louisville, Ky., skipper, added to
his fame today when he brought his
Gamecock into the harbor at 9:58.17
o'clock to win the Class B trophy,
offered by the St. Petersburg Yacht
Club.
HAVANA, April 3 (/P) — With all
important trophies captured by the
few boats now in port here, 12 of the
original starters in the St. Peters
burg-Havana yacht race remained
unreported tonight.
William B. Allen, 74-year-old
Louisville, Ky., skipper, added to
his fame today when he brought his
Gamecock into the harbor at 9:58.17
o'clock to win the Class B trophy,
offered by the St. Petersburg Yacht
Club.
HAVANA, April 3 (/P) — With all
important trophies captured by the
few boats now in port here, 12 of the
original starters in the St. Peters
burg-Havana yacht race remained
unreported tonight.
William B. Allen, 74-year-old
Louisville, Ky., skipper, added to
his fame today when he brought his
Gamecock into the harbor at 9:58.17
o'clock to win the Class B trophy,
offered by the St. Petersburg Yacht
Club.
HAVANA, April 3 (/P) — With all
important trophies captured by the
few boats now in port here, 12 of the
original starters in the St. Peters
burg-Havana yacht race remained
unreported tonight.
William B. Allen, 74-year-old
Louisville, Ky., skipper, added to
his fame today when he brought his
Gamecock into the harbor at 9:58.17
o'clock to win the Class B trophy,
offered by the St. Petersburg Yacht
Club.
HAVANA, April 3 (/P) — With all
important trophies captured by the
few boats now in port here, 12 of the
original starters in the St. Peters
burg-Havana yacht race remained
unreported tonight.
William B. Allen, 74-year-old
Louisville, Ky., skipper, added to
his fame today when he brought his
Gamecock into the harbor at 9:58.17
o'clock to win the Class B trophy,
offered by the St. Petersburg Yacht
Club.
HAVANA, April 3 (/P) — With all
important trophies captured by the
few boats now in port here, 12 of the
original starters in the St. Peters
burg-Havana yacht race remained
unreported tonight.
William B. Allen, 74-year-old
Louisville, Ky., skipper, added to
his fame today when he brought his
Gamecock into the harbor at 9:58.17
o'clock to win the Class B trophy,
offered by the St. Petersburg Yacht
Club.
HAVANA, April 3 (/P) — With all
important trophies captured by the
few boats now in port here, 12 of the
original starters in the St. Peters
burg-Havana yacht race remained
unreported tonight.
William B. Allen, 74-year-old
Louisville, Ky., skipper, added to
his fame today when he brought his
Gamecock into the harbor at 9:58.17
o'clock to win the Class B trophy,
offered by the St. Petersburg Yacht
Club.
HAVANA, April 3 (/P) — With all
important trophies captured by the
few boats now in port here, 12 of the
original starters in the St. Peters
burg-Havana yacht race remained
unreported tonight.
William B. Allen, 74-year-old
Louisville, Ky., skipper, added to
his fame today when he brought his
Gamecock into the harbor at 9:58.17
o'clock to win the Class B trophy,
offered by the St. Petersburg Yacht
Club.
HAVANA, April 3 (/P) — With all
important trophies captured by the
few boats now in port here, 12 of the
original starters in the St. Peters
burg-Havana yacht race remained
unreported tonight.
William B. Allen, 74-year-old
Louisville, Ky., skipper, added to
his fame today when he brought his
Gamecock into the harbor at 9:58.17
o'clock to win the Class B trophy,
offered by the St. Petersburg Yacht
Club.
HAVANA, April 3 (/P) — With all
important trophies captured by the
few boats now in port here, 12 of the
original starters in the St. Peters
burg-Havana yacht race remained
unreported tonight.
William B. Allen, 74-year-old
Louisville, Ky., skipper, added to
his fame today when he brought his
Gamecock into the harbor at 9:58.17
o'clock to win the Class B trophy,
offered by the St. Petersburg Yacht
Club.
HAVANA, April 3 (/P) — With all
important trophies captured by the
few boats now in port here, 12 of the
original starters in the St. Peters
burg-Havana yacht race remained
unreported tonight.
William B. Allen, 74-year-old
Louisville, Ky., skipper, added to
his fame today when he brought his
Gamecock into the harbor at 9:58.17
o'clock to win the Class B trophy,
offered by the St. Petersburg Yacht
Club.
HAVANA, April 3 (/P) — With all
important trophies captured by the
few boats now in port here, 12 of the
original starters in the St. Peters
burg-Havana yacht race remained
unreported tonight.
William B. Allen, 74-year-old
Louisville, Ky., skipper, added to
his fame today when he brought his
Gamecock into the harbor at 9:58.17
o'clock to win the Class B trophy,
offered by the St. Petersburg Yacht
Club.
HAVANA, April 3 (/P) — With all
important trophies captured by the
few boats now in port here, 12 of the
original starters in the St. Peters
burg-Havana yacht race remained
unreported tonight.
William B. Allen, 74-year-old
Louisville, Ky., skipper, added to
his fame today when he brought his
Gamecock into the harbor at 9:58.17
o'clock to win the Class B trophy,
offered by the St. Petersburg Yacht
Club.
HAVANA, April 3 (/P) — With all
important trophies captured by the
few boats now in port here, 12 of the
original starters in the St. Peters
burg-Havana yacht race remained
unreported tonight.
William B. Allen, 74-year-old
Louisville, Ky., skipper, added to
his fame today when he brought his
Gamecock into the harbor at 9:58.17
o'clock to win the Class B trophy,
offered by the St. Petersburg Yacht
Club.
HAVANA, April 3 (/P) — With all
important trophies captured by the
few boats now in port here, 12 of the
original starters in the St. Peters
burg-Havana yacht race remained
unreported tonight.
William B. Allen, 74-year-old
Louisville, Ky., skipper, added to
his fame today when he brought his
Gamecock into the harbor at 9:58.17
o'clock to win the Class B trophy,
offered by the St. Petersburg Yacht
Club.
