# Trackmen Act Wisely
## 
### 
With the oleclion toward the elose of last
quarter of Al [ilackman as track captain, the
•eipder s<|u;i<t emerges frpni the shackles of
ijntWievalisin in its disregard of the super
stilion that the captain is destined to he
hounded hy a jinx and faced hy disaster.
Us the Daii.y pointed out editorially in
February, the need for a captain should prove
most apparent this spring wilh one of the
hardest seasons in vie\y with a less fornnd
ahle team to uphold a championship record.
With the oleclion toward the elose of last
quarter of Al [ilackman as track captain, the
•eipder s<|u;i<t emerges frpni the shackles of
ijntWievalisin in its disregard of the super
stilion that the captain is destined to he
hounded hy a jinx and faced hy disaster.
Us the Daii.y pointed out editorially in
February, the need for a captain should prove
most apparent this spring wilh one of the
hardest seasons in vie\y with a less fornnd
ahle team to uphold a championship record.
With the oleclion toward the elose of last
quarter of Al [ilackman as track captain, the
•eipder s<|u;i<t emerges frpni the shackles of
ijntWievalisin in its disregard of the super
stilion that the captain is destined to he
hounded hy a jinx and faced hy disaster.
Us the Daii.y pointed out editorially in
February, the need for a captain should prove
most apparent this spring wilh one of the
hardest seasons in vie\y with a less fornnd
ahle team to uphold a championship record.
With the oleclion toward the elose of last
quarter of Al [ilackman as track captain, the
•eipder s<|u;i<t emerges frpni the shackles of
ijntWievalisin in its disregard of the super
stilion that the captain is destined to he
hounded hy a jinx and faced hy disaster.
Us the Daii.y pointed out editorially in
February, the need for a captain should prove
most apparent this spring wilh one of the
hardest seasons in vie\y with a less fornnd
ahle team to uphold a championship record.
With the oleclion toward the elose of last
quarter of Al [ilackman as track captain, the
•eipder s<|u;i<t emerges frpni the shackles of
ijntWievalisin in its disregard of the super
stilion that the captain is destined to he
hounded hy a jinx and faced hy disaster.
Us the Daii.y pointed out editorially in
February, the need for a captain should prove
most apparent this spring wilh one of the
hardest seasons in vie\y with a less fornnd
ahle team to uphold a championship record.
With the oleclion toward the elose of last
quarter of Al [ilackman as track captain, the
•eipder s<|u;i<t emerges frpni the shackles of
ijntWievalisin in its disregard of the super
stilion that the captain is destined to he
hounded hy a jinx and faced hy disaster.
Us the Daii.y pointed out editorially in
February, the need for a captain should prove
most apparent this spring wilh one of the
hardest seasons in vie\y with a less fornnd
ahle team to uphold a championship record.
With the oleclion toward the elose of last
quarter of Al [ilackman as track captain, the
•eipder s<|u;i<t emerges frpni the shackles of
ijntWievalisin in its disregard of the super
stilion that the captain is destined to he
hounded hy a jinx and faced hy disaster.
Us the Daii.y pointed out editorially in
February, the need for a captain should prove
most apparent this spring wilh one of the
hardest seasons in vie\y with a less fornnd
ahle team to uphold a championship record.
With the oleclion toward the elose of last
quarter of Al [ilackman as track captain, the
•eipder s<|u;i<t emerges frpni the shackles of
ijntWievalisin in its disregard of the super
stilion that the captain is destined to he
hounded hy a jinx and faced hy disaster.
Us the Daii.y pointed out editorially in
February, the need for a captain should prove
most apparent this spring wilh one of the
hardest seasons in vie\y with a less fornnd
ahle team to uphold a championship record.
With the oleclion toward the elose of last
quarter of Al [ilackman as track captain, the
•eipder s<|u;i<t emerges frpni the shackles of
ijntWievalisin in its disregard of the super
stilion that the captain is destined to he
hounded hy a jinx and faced hy disaster.
Us the Daii.y pointed out editorially in
February, the need for a captain should prove
most apparent this spring wilh one of the
hardest seasons in vie\y with a less fornnd
ahle team to uphold a championship record.
With the oleclion toward the elose of last
quarter of Al [ilackman as track captain, the
•eipder s<|u;i<t emerges frpni the shackles of
ijntWievalisin in its disregard of the super
stilion that the captain is destined to he
hounded hy a jinx and faced hy disaster.
Us the Daii.y pointed out editorially in
February, the need for a captain should prove
most apparent this spring wilh one of the
hardest seasons in vie\y with a less fornnd
ahle team to uphold a championship record.
With the oleclion toward the elose of last
quarter of Al [ilackman as track captain, the
•eipder s<|u;i<t emerges frpni the shackles of
ijntWievalisin in its disregard of the super
stilion that the captain is destined to he
hounded hy a jinx and faced hy disaster.
Us the Daii.y pointed out editorially in
February, the need for a captain should prove
most apparent this spring wilh one of the
hardest seasons in vie\y with a less fornnd
ahle team to uphold a championship record.
With the oleclion toward the elose of last
quarter of Al [ilackman as track captain, the
•eipder s<|u;i<t emerges frpni the shackles of
ijntWievalisin in its disregard of the super
stilion that the captain is destined to he
hounded hy a jinx and faced hy disaster.
Us the Daii.y pointed out editorially in
February, the need for a captain should prove
most apparent this spring wilh one of the
hardest seasons in vie\y with a less fornnd
ahle team to uphold a championship record.
With the oleclion toward the elose of last
quarter of Al [ilackman as track captain, the
•eipder s<|u;i<t emerges frpni the shackles of
ijntWievalisin in its disregard of the super
stilion that the captain is destined to he
hounded hy a jinx and faced hy disaster.
Us the Daii.y pointed out editorially in
February, the need for a captain should prove
most apparent this spring wilh one of the
hardest seasons in vie\y with a less fornnd
ahle team to uphold a championship record.
With the oleclion toward the elose of last
quarter of Al [ilackman as track captain, the
•eipder s<|u;i<t emerges frpni the shackles of
ijntWievalisin in its disregard of the super
stilion that the captain is destined to he
hounded hy a jinx and faced hy disaster.
Us the Daii.y pointed out editorially in
February, the need for a captain should prove
most apparent this spring wilh one of the
hardest seasons in vie\y with a less fornnd
ahle team to uphold a championship record.
With the oleclion toward the elose of last
quarter of Al [ilackman as track captain, the
•eipder s<|u;i<t emerges frpni the shackles of
ijntWievalisin in its disregard of the super
stilion that the captain is destined to he
hounded hy a jinx and faced hy disaster.
Us the Daii.y pointed out editorially in
February, the need for a captain should prove
most apparent this spring wilh one of the
hardest seasons in vie\y with a less fornnd
ahle team to uphold a championship record.
