# Budget Deficit Seen for '61
## 
### 
WASHINGTON (UPI) — Sen
ate Democratic L e a d e r Mike
Mansfield, Mont., predicted yes
terday that the government will
wind up the current fiscal year
with a deficit of $1 billion and
fiscal 3962 with one of $2 billion.
He said that not until fiscal
1963, the 12 months starting July
1, 1962, could the government do
anything about "approaching a
balanced budget." He said the

goal might be realized then i£
world conditions change and there
is greater degree of stability and
peace.
SHORTLY before leaving of
fice, former President Dwight D.
Eisenhower estimated that the
government would end the pros- (
ent fiscal year on June .30 with a
$100 million surplus. He said his
estimate was based on a "justi
fiably optimistic view" of the
economy.
WASHINGTON (UPI) — Sen
ate Democratic L e a d e r Mike
Mansfield, Mont., predicted yes
terday that the government will
wind up the current fiscal year
with a deficit of $1 billion and
fiscal 3962 with one of $2 billion.
He said that not until fiscal
1963, the 12 months starting July
1, 1962, could the government do
anything about "approaching a
balanced budget." He said the

goal might be realized then i£
world conditions change and there
is greater degree of stability and
peace.
SHORTLY before leaving of
fice, former President Dwight D.
Eisenhower estimated that the
government would end the pros- (
ent fiscal year on June .30 with a
$100 million surplus. He said his
estimate was based on a "justi
fiably optimistic view" of the
economy.
WASHINGTON (UPI) — Sen
ate Democratic L e a d e r Mike
Mansfield, Mont., predicted yes
terday that the government will
wind up the current fiscal year
with a deficit of $1 billion and
fiscal 3962 with one of $2 billion.
He said that not until fiscal
1963, the 12 months starting July
1, 1962, could the government do
anything about "approaching a
balanced budget." He said the

goal might be realized then i£
world conditions change and there
is greater degree of stability and
peace.
SHORTLY before leaving of
fice, former President Dwight D.
Eisenhower estimated that the
government would end the pros- (
ent fiscal year on June .30 with a
$100 million surplus. He said his
estimate was based on a "justi
fiably optimistic view" of the
economy.
WASHINGTON (UPI) — Sen
ate Democratic L e a d e r Mike
Mansfield, Mont., predicted yes
terday that the government will
wind up the current fiscal year
with a deficit of $1 billion and
fiscal 3962 with one of $2 billion.
He said that not until fiscal
1963, the 12 months starting July
1, 1962, could the government do
anything about "approaching a
balanced budget." He said the

goal might be realized then i£
world conditions change and there
is greater degree of stability and
peace.
SHORTLY before leaving of
fice, former President Dwight D.
Eisenhower estimated that the
government would end the pros- (
ent fiscal year on June .30 with a
$100 million surplus. He said his
estimate was based on a "justi
fiably optimistic view" of the
economy.
WASHINGTON (UPI) — Sen
ate Democratic L e a d e r Mike
Mansfield, Mont., predicted yes
terday that the government will
wind up the current fiscal year
with a deficit of $1 billion and
fiscal 3962 with one of $2 billion.
He said that not until fiscal
1963, the 12 months starting July
1, 1962, could the government do
anything about "approaching a
balanced budget." He said the

goal might be realized then i£
world conditions change and there
is greater degree of stability and
peace.
SHORTLY before leaving of
fice, former President Dwight D.
Eisenhower estimated that the
government would end the pros- (
ent fiscal year on June .30 with a
$100 million surplus. He said his
estimate was based on a "justi
fiably optimistic view" of the
economy.
WASHINGTON (UPI) — Sen
ate Democratic L e a d e r Mike
Mansfield, Mont., predicted yes
terday that the government will
wind up the current fiscal year
with a deficit of $1 billion and
fiscal 3962 with one of $2 billion.
He said that not until fiscal
1963, the 12 months starting July
1, 1962, could the government do
anything about "approaching a
balanced budget." He said the

goal might be realized then i£
world conditions change and there
is greater degree of stability and
peace.
SHORTLY before leaving of
fice, former President Dwight D.
Eisenhower estimated that the
government would end the pros- (
ent fiscal year on June .30 with a
$100 million surplus. He said his
estimate was based on a "justi
fiably optimistic view" of the
economy.
WASHINGTON (UPI) — Sen
ate Democratic L e a d e r Mike
Mansfield, Mont., predicted yes
terday that the government will
wind up the current fiscal year
with a deficit of $1 billion and
fiscal 3962 with one of $2 billion.
He said that not until fiscal
1963, the 12 months starting July
1, 1962, could the government do
anything about "approaching a
balanced budget." He said the

goal might be realized then i£
world conditions change and there
is greater degree of stability and
peace.
SHORTLY before leaving of
fice, former President Dwight D.
Eisenhower estimated that the
government would end the pros- (
ent fiscal year on June .30 with a
$100 million surplus. He said his
estimate was based on a "justi
fiably optimistic view" of the
economy.
WASHINGTON (UPI) — Sen
ate Democratic L e a d e r Mike
Mansfield, Mont., predicted yes
terday that the government will
wind up the current fiscal year
with a deficit of $1 billion and
fiscal 3962 with one of $2 billion.
He said that not until fiscal
1963, the 12 months starting July
1, 1962, could the government do
anything about "approaching a
balanced budget." He said the

goal might be realized then i£
world conditions change and there
is greater degree of stability and
peace.
SHORTLY before leaving of
fice, former President Dwight D.
Eisenhower estimated that the
government would end the pros- (
ent fiscal year on June .30 with a
$100 million surplus. He said his
estimate was based on a "justi
fiably optimistic view" of the
economy.
WASHINGTON (UPI) — Sen
ate Democratic L e a d e r Mike
Mansfield, Mont., predicted yes
terday that the government will
wind up the current fiscal year
with a deficit of $1 billion and
fiscal 3962 with one of $2 billion.
He said that not until fiscal
1963, the 12 months starting July
1, 1962, could the government do
anything about "approaching a
balanced budget." He said the

goal might be realized then i£
world conditions change and there
is greater degree of stability and
peace.
SHORTLY before leaving of
fice, former President Dwight D.
Eisenhower estimated that the
government would end the pros- (
ent fiscal year on June .30 with a
$100 million surplus. He said his
estimate was based on a "justi
fiably optimistic view" of the
economy.
WASHINGTON (UPI) — Sen
ate Democratic L e a d e r Mike
Mansfield, Mont., predicted yes
terday that the government will
wind up the current fiscal year
with a deficit of $1 billion and
fiscal 3962 with one of $2 billion.
He said that not until fiscal
1963, the 12 months starting July
1, 1962, could the government do
anything about "approaching a
balanced budget." He said the

goal might be realized then i£
world conditions change and there
is greater degree of stability and
peace.
SHORTLY before leaving of
fice, former President Dwight D.
Eisenhower estimated that the
government would end the pros- (
ent fiscal year on June .30 with a
$100 million surplus. He said his
estimate was based on a "justi
fiably optimistic view" of the
economy.
WASHINGTON (UPI) — Sen
ate Democratic L e a d e r Mike
Mansfield, Mont., predicted yes
terday that the government will
wind up the current fiscal year
with a deficit of $1 billion and
fiscal 3962 with one of $2 billion.
He said that not until fiscal
1963, the 12 months starting July
1, 1962, could the government do
anything about "approaching a
balanced budget." He said the

goal might be realized then i£
world conditions change and there
is greater degree of stability and
peace.
SHORTLY before leaving of
fice, former President Dwight D.
Eisenhower estimated that the
government would end the pros- (
ent fiscal year on June .30 with a
$100 million surplus. He said his
estimate was based on a "justi
fiably optimistic view" of the
economy.
WASHINGTON (UPI) — Sen
ate Democratic L e a d e r Mike
Mansfield, Mont., predicted yes
terday that the government will
wind up the current fiscal year
with a deficit of $1 billion and
fiscal 3962 with one of $2 billion.
He said that not until fiscal
1963, the 12 months starting July
1, 1962, could the government do
anything about "approaching a
balanced budget." He said the

goal might be realized then i£
world conditions change and there
is greater degree of stability and
peace.
SHORTLY before leaving of
fice, former President Dwight D.
Eisenhower estimated that the
government would end the pros- (
ent fiscal year on June .30 with a
$100 million surplus. He said his
estimate was based on a "justi
fiably optimistic view" of the
economy.
WASHINGTON (UPI) — Sen
ate Democratic L e a d e r Mike
Mansfield, Mont., predicted yes
terday that the government will
wind up the current fiscal year
with a deficit of $1 billion and
fiscal 3962 with one of $2 billion.
He said that not until fiscal
1963, the 12 months starting July
1, 1962, could the government do
anything about "approaching a
balanced budget." He said the

goal might be realized then i£
world conditions change and there
is greater degree of stability and
peace.
SHORTLY before leaving of
fice, former President Dwight D.
Eisenhower estimated that the
government would end the pros- (
ent fiscal year on June .30 with a
$100 million surplus. He said his
estimate was based on a "justi
fiably optimistic view" of the
economy.
WASHINGTON (UPI) — Sen
ate Democratic L e a d e r Mike
Mansfield, Mont., predicted yes
terday that the government will
wind up the current fiscal year
with a deficit of $1 billion and
fiscal 3962 with one of $2 billion.
He said that not until fiscal
1963, the 12 months starting July
1, 1962, could the government do
anything about "approaching a
balanced budget." He said the

goal might be realized then i£
world conditions change and there
is greater degree of stability and
peace.
SHORTLY before leaving of
fice, former President Dwight D.
Eisenhower estimated that the
government would end the pros- (
ent fiscal year on June .30 with a
$100 million surplus. He said his
estimate was based on a "justi
fiably optimistic view" of the
economy.
WASHINGTON (UPI) — Sen
ate Democratic L e a d e r Mike
Mansfield, Mont., predicted yes
terday that the government will
wind up the current fiscal year
with a deficit of $1 billion and
fiscal 3962 with one of $2 billion.
He said that not until fiscal
1963, the 12 months starting July
1, 1962, could the government do
anything about "approaching a
balanced budget." He said the

goal might be realized then i£
world conditions change and there
is greater degree of stability and
peace.
SHORTLY before leaving of
fice, former President Dwight D.
Eisenhower estimated that the
government would end the pros- (
ent fiscal year on June .30 with a
$100 million surplus. He said his
estimate was based on a "justi
fiably optimistic view" of the
economy.
WASHINGTON (UPI) — Sen
ate Democratic L e a d e r Mike
Mansfield, Mont., predicted yes
terday that the government will
wind up the current fiscal year
with a deficit of $1 billion and
fiscal 3962 with one of $2 billion.
He said that not until fiscal
1963, the 12 months starting July
1, 1962, could the government do
anything about "approaching a
balanced budget." He said the

goal might be realized then i£
world conditions change and there
is greater degree of stability and
peace.
SHORTLY before leaving of
fice, former President Dwight D.
Eisenhower estimated that the
government would end the pros- (
ent fiscal year on June .30 with a
$100 million surplus. He said his
estimate was based on a "justi
fiably optimistic view" of the
economy.
