# 'Beat' Ad Talk Slated Tonight
## 
### 
"Beat. On Beat and Off Beat
Advertising" will lie the subject
of a talk at 7:30 tonight in room
61H given by Walter Guild, presi
dent of Alpha Delta Sigma, na
tional professional advertising
fraternity.
The meeting, sponsored by
Stanford's Alpha Delta Sigma
chapter, also will feature enter
tainment by A 1 "Jazzbo" Collins
of KSFO and refreshments. The
public is invited.
Guild is president of Guild. Bas
com & Bonfigli, Inc., an adver
tising agency established in San
Francisco in 1949. The 1960 Demo
cratic National Committee was
one of his firm's clients.
Guild is the author of "How to
Market Your Product Success
fully." a book giving a "shirt
sleeves" approach to marketing,
as well as numerous articles on
different phases of agency opera
tion that have appeared in top
publications in the field.
