# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Rising star
Freshman Todd Lichti
has had an immediate
impact on the Stanford
basketball team.
Page 11

Making money
The story behind
Stanford's investment
strategy.
Page 9

New Bug in town
Everything you always
wanted to know about
the Wilbur food service
drains.
Page 7

Rising star
Freshman Todd Lichti
has had an immediate
impact on the Stanford
basketball team.
Page 11

Making money
The story behind
Stanford's investment
strategy.
Page 9

New Bug in town
Everything you always
wanted to know about
the Wilbur food service
drains.
Page 7

Rising star
Freshman Todd Lichti
has had an immediate
impact on the Stanford
basketball team.
Page 11

Making money
The story behind
Stanford's investment
strategy.
Page 9

New Bug in town
Everything you always
wanted to know about
the Wilbur food service
drains.
Page 7

Rising star
Freshman Todd Lichti
has had an immediate
impact on the Stanford
basketball team.
Page 11

Making money
The story behind
Stanford's investment
strategy.
Page 9

New Bug in town
Everything you always
wanted to know about
the Wilbur food service
drains.
Page 7

Rising star
Freshman Todd Lichti
has had an immediate
impact on the Stanford
basketball team.
Page 11

Making money
The story behind
Stanford's investment
strategy.
Page 9

New Bug in town
Everything you always
wanted to know about
the Wilbur food service
drains.
Page 7

Rising star
Freshman Todd Lichti
has had an immediate
impact on the Stanford
basketball team.
Page 11

Making money
The story behind
Stanford's investment
strategy.
Page 9

New Bug in town
Everything you always
wanted to know about
the Wilbur food service
drains.
Page 7

Rising star
Freshman Todd Lichti
has had an immediate
impact on the Stanford
basketball team.
Page 11

Making money
The story behind
Stanford's investment
strategy.
Page 9

New Bug in town
Everything you always
wanted to know about
the Wilbur food service
drains.
Page 7

Rising star
Freshman Todd Lichti
has had an immediate
impact on the Stanford
basketball team.
Page 11

Making money
The story behind
Stanford's investment
strategy.
Page 9

New Bug in town
Everything you always
wanted to know about
the Wilbur food service
drains.
Page 7

