# NOTES DUE JULY 20-25
## 
### 
Applications for tuition notes for
Fall Quarter will be accepted at the
offices of the dean of men and dean
of women during the period of July
20 to 23.
Applications for tuition notes for
Fall Quarter will be accepted at the
offices of the dean of men and dean
of women during the period of July
20 to 23.
Applications for tuition notes for
Fall Quarter will be accepted at the
offices of the dean of men and dean
of women during the period of July
20 to 23.
Applications for tuition notes for
Fall Quarter will be accepted at the
offices of the dean of men and dean
of women during the period of July
20 to 23.
Applications for tuition notes for
Fall Quarter will be accepted at the
offices of the dean of men and dean
of women during the period of July
20 to 23.
Applications for tuition notes for
Fall Quarter will be accepted at the
offices of the dean of men and dean
of women during the period of July
20 to 23.
Applications for tuition notes for
Fall Quarter will be accepted at the
offices of the dean of men and dean
of women during the period of July
20 to 23.
Applications for tuition notes for
Fall Quarter will be accepted at the
offices of the dean of men and dean
of women during the period of July
20 to 23.
Applications for tuition notes for
Fall Quarter will be accepted at the
offices of the dean of men and dean
of women during the period of July
20 to 23.
Applications for tuition notes for
Fall Quarter will be accepted at the
offices of the dean of men and dean
of women during the period of July
20 to 23.
Applications for tuition notes for
Fall Quarter will be accepted at the
offices of the dean of men and dean
of women during the period of July
20 to 23.
Applications for tuition notes for
Fall Quarter will be accepted at the
offices of the dean of men and dean
of women during the period of July
20 to 23.
Applications for tuition notes for
Fall Quarter will be accepted at the
offices of the dean of men and dean
of women during the period of July
20 to 23.
Applications for tuition notes for
Fall Quarter will be accepted at the
offices of the dean of men and dean
of women during the period of July
20 to 23.
Applications for tuition notes for
Fall Quarter will be accepted at the
offices of the dean of men and dean
of women during the period of July
20 to 23.
Applications for tuition notes for
Fall Quarter will be accepted at the
offices of the dean of men and dean
of women during the period of July
20 to 23.
Applications for tuition notes for
Fall Quarter will be accepted at the
offices of the dean of men and dean
of women during the period of July
20 to 23.
Applications for tuition notes for
Fall Quarter will be accepted at the
offices of the dean of men and dean
of women during the period of July
20 to 23.
