# Whirlaway Cracks 'Biscuit's Mark
## 
### 
BOSTON, July 15. — Mighty j
Whirlaway sank Seabiscuit's all- !
time money mark beneath his
pounding hoofs today when he j
came from seventh place with a
tremendous stretch charge to win
by two and a half lengths the Mas
sachusetts Handicap at Suffolk
Downs. Whirly has now won '
$454,336, wiping out the Biscuit's
mark of $437,730,
BOSTON, July 15. — Mighty j
Whirlaway sank Seabiscuit's all- !
time money mark beneath his
pounding hoofs today when he j
came from seventh place with a
tremendous stretch charge to win
by two and a half lengths the Mas
sachusetts Handicap at Suffolk
Downs. Whirly has now won '
$454,336, wiping out the Biscuit's
mark of $437,730,
BOSTON, July 15. — Mighty j
Whirlaway sank Seabiscuit's all- !
time money mark beneath his
pounding hoofs today when he j
came from seventh place with a
tremendous stretch charge to win
by two and a half lengths the Mas
sachusetts Handicap at Suffolk
Downs. Whirly has now won '
$454,336, wiping out the Biscuit's
mark of $437,730,
BOSTON, July 15. — Mighty j
Whirlaway sank Seabiscuit's all- !
time money mark beneath his
pounding hoofs today when he j
came from seventh place with a
tremendous stretch charge to win
by two and a half lengths the Mas
sachusetts Handicap at Suffolk
Downs. Whirly has now won '
$454,336, wiping out the Biscuit's
mark of $437,730,
BOSTON, July 15. — Mighty j
Whirlaway sank Seabiscuit's all- !
time money mark beneath his
pounding hoofs today when he j
came from seventh place with a
tremendous stretch charge to win
by two and a half lengths the Mas
sachusetts Handicap at Suffolk
Downs. Whirly has now won '
$454,336, wiping out the Biscuit's
mark of $437,730,
BOSTON, July 15. — Mighty j
Whirlaway sank Seabiscuit's all- !
time money mark beneath his
pounding hoofs today when he j
came from seventh place with a
tremendous stretch charge to win
by two and a half lengths the Mas
sachusetts Handicap at Suffolk
Downs. Whirly has now won '
$454,336, wiping out the Biscuit's
mark of $437,730,
BOSTON, July 15. — Mighty j
Whirlaway sank Seabiscuit's all- !
time money mark beneath his
pounding hoofs today when he j
came from seventh place with a
tremendous stretch charge to win
by two and a half lengths the Mas
sachusetts Handicap at Suffolk
Downs. Whirly has now won '
$454,336, wiping out the Biscuit's
mark of $437,730,
BOSTON, July 15. — Mighty j
Whirlaway sank Seabiscuit's all- !
time money mark beneath his
pounding hoofs today when he j
came from seventh place with a
tremendous stretch charge to win
by two and a half lengths the Mas
sachusetts Handicap at Suffolk
Downs. Whirly has now won '
$454,336, wiping out the Biscuit's
mark of $437,730,
BOSTON, July 15. — Mighty j
Whirlaway sank Seabiscuit's all- !
time money mark beneath his
pounding hoofs today when he j
came from seventh place with a
tremendous stretch charge to win
by two and a half lengths the Mas
sachusetts Handicap at Suffolk
Downs. Whirly has now won '
$454,336, wiping out the Biscuit's
mark of $437,730,
BOSTON, July 15. — Mighty j
Whirlaway sank Seabiscuit's all- !
time money mark beneath his
pounding hoofs today when he j
came from seventh place with a
tremendous stretch charge to win
by two and a half lengths the Mas
sachusetts Handicap at Suffolk
Downs. Whirly has now won '
$454,336, wiping out the Biscuit's
mark of $437,730,
BOSTON, July 15. — Mighty j
Whirlaway sank Seabiscuit's all- !
time money mark beneath his
pounding hoofs today when he j
came from seventh place with a
tremendous stretch charge to win
by two and a half lengths the Mas
sachusetts Handicap at Suffolk
Downs. Whirly has now won '
$454,336, wiping out the Biscuit's
mark of $437,730,
BOSTON, July 15. — Mighty j
Whirlaway sank Seabiscuit's all- !
time money mark beneath his
pounding hoofs today when he j
came from seventh place with a
tremendous stretch charge to win
by two and a half lengths the Mas
sachusetts Handicap at Suffolk
Downs. Whirly has now won '
$454,336, wiping out the Biscuit's
mark of $437,730,
BOSTON, July 15. — Mighty j
Whirlaway sank Seabiscuit's all- !
time money mark beneath his
pounding hoofs today when he j
came from seventh place with a
tremendous stretch charge to win
by two and a half lengths the Mas
sachusetts Handicap at Suffolk
Downs. Whirly has now won '
$454,336, wiping out the Biscuit's
mark of $437,730,
BOSTON, July 15. — Mighty j
Whirlaway sank Seabiscuit's all- !
time money mark beneath his
pounding hoofs today when he j
came from seventh place with a
tremendous stretch charge to win
by two and a half lengths the Mas
sachusetts Handicap at Suffolk
Downs. Whirly has now won '
$454,336, wiping out the Biscuit's
mark of $437,730,
BOSTON, July 15. — Mighty j
Whirlaway sank Seabiscuit's all- !
time money mark beneath his
pounding hoofs today when he j
came from seventh place with a
tremendous stretch charge to win
by two and a half lengths the Mas
sachusetts Handicap at Suffolk
Downs. Whirly has now won '
$454,336, wiping out the Biscuit's
mark of $437,730,
BOSTON, July 15. — Mighty j
Whirlaway sank Seabiscuit's all- !
time money mark beneath his
pounding hoofs today when he j
came from seventh place with a
tremendous stretch charge to win
by two and a half lengths the Mas
sachusetts Handicap at Suffolk
Downs. Whirly has now won '
$454,336, wiping out the Biscuit's
mark of $437,730,
BOSTON, July 15. — Mighty j
Whirlaway sank Seabiscuit's all- !
time money mark beneath his
pounding hoofs today when he j
came from seventh place with a
tremendous stretch charge to win
by two and a half lengths the Mas
sachusetts Handicap at Suffolk
Downs. Whirly has now won '
$454,336, wiping out the Biscuit's
mark of $437,730,
BOSTON, July 15. — Mighty j
Whirlaway sank Seabiscuit's all- !
time money mark beneath his
pounding hoofs today when he j
came from seventh place with a
tremendous stretch charge to win
by two and a half lengths the Mas
sachusetts Handicap at Suffolk
Downs. Whirly has now won '
$454,336, wiping out the Biscuit's
mark of $437,730,
