# FROSH TO SERVE AT SCAVENGER HUNT
## 
### 

FROSH WOMEN will serve the refreshments at tomorrow evening's Scavenger Hunt. A few of the hostesses
are shown at the refreshment counter to be set up at Lagunita's inner court, serving ice cream cones to
Boh Hannah and Carl Livingston, acting president of Cardinals, sponsors of the hunt.

FROSH WOMEN will serve the refreshments at tomorrow evening's Scavenger Hunt. A few of the hostesses
are shown at the refreshment counter to be set up at Lagunita's inner court, serving ice cream cones to
Boh Hannah and Carl Livingston, acting president of Cardinals, sponsors of the hunt.

FROSH WOMEN will serve the refreshments at tomorrow evening's Scavenger Hunt. A few of the hostesses
are shown at the refreshment counter to be set up at Lagunita's inner court, serving ice cream cones to
Boh Hannah and Carl Livingston, acting president of Cardinals, sponsors of the hunt.

FROSH WOMEN will serve the refreshments at tomorrow evening's Scavenger Hunt. A few of the hostesses
are shown at the refreshment counter to be set up at Lagunita's inner court, serving ice cream cones to
Boh Hannah and Carl Livingston, acting president of Cardinals, sponsors of the hunt.

FROSH WOMEN will serve the refreshments at tomorrow evening's Scavenger Hunt. A few of the hostesses
are shown at the refreshment counter to be set up at Lagunita's inner court, serving ice cream cones to
Boh Hannah and Carl Livingston, acting president of Cardinals, sponsors of the hunt.

FROSH WOMEN will serve the refreshments at tomorrow evening's Scavenger Hunt. A few of the hostesses
are shown at the refreshment counter to be set up at Lagunita's inner court, serving ice cream cones to
Boh Hannah and Carl Livingston, acting president of Cardinals, sponsors of the hunt.

FROSH WOMEN will serve the refreshments at tomorrow evening's Scavenger Hunt. A few of the hostesses
are shown at the refreshment counter to be set up at Lagunita's inner court, serving ice cream cones to
Boh Hannah and Carl Livingston, acting president of Cardinals, sponsors of the hunt.

FROSH WOMEN will serve the refreshments at tomorrow evening's Scavenger Hunt. A few of the hostesses
are shown at the refreshment counter to be set up at Lagunita's inner court, serving ice cream cones to
Boh Hannah and Carl Livingston, acting president of Cardinals, sponsors of the hunt.

FROSH WOMEN will serve the refreshments at tomorrow evening's Scavenger Hunt. A few of the hostesses
are shown at the refreshment counter to be set up at Lagunita's inner court, serving ice cream cones to
Boh Hannah and Carl Livingston, acting president of Cardinals, sponsors of the hunt.

FROSH WOMEN will serve the refreshments at tomorrow evening's Scavenger Hunt. A few of the hostesses
are shown at the refreshment counter to be set up at Lagunita's inner court, serving ice cream cones to
Boh Hannah and Carl Livingston, acting president of Cardinals, sponsors of the hunt.

FROSH WOMEN will serve the refreshments at tomorrow evening's Scavenger Hunt. A few of the hostesses
are shown at the refreshment counter to be set up at Lagunita's inner court, serving ice cream cones to
Boh Hannah and Carl Livingston, acting president of Cardinals, sponsors of the hunt.

FROSH WOMEN will serve the refreshments at tomorrow evening's Scavenger Hunt. A few of the hostesses
are shown at the refreshment counter to be set up at Lagunita's inner court, serving ice cream cones to
Boh Hannah and Carl Livingston, acting president of Cardinals, sponsors of the hunt.

FROSH WOMEN will serve the refreshments at tomorrow evening's Scavenger Hunt. A few of the hostesses
are shown at the refreshment counter to be set up at Lagunita's inner court, serving ice cream cones to
Boh Hannah and Carl Livingston, acting president of Cardinals, sponsors of the hunt.

FROSH WOMEN will serve the refreshments at tomorrow evening's Scavenger Hunt. A few of the hostesses
are shown at the refreshment counter to be set up at Lagunita's inner court, serving ice cream cones to
Boh Hannah and Carl Livingston, acting president of Cardinals, sponsors of the hunt.

FROSH WOMEN will serve the refreshments at tomorrow evening's Scavenger Hunt. A few of the hostesses
are shown at the refreshment counter to be set up at Lagunita's inner court, serving ice cream cones to
Boh Hannah and Carl Livingston, acting president of Cardinals, sponsors of the hunt.

FROSH WOMEN will serve the refreshments at tomorrow evening's Scavenger Hunt. A few of the hostesses
are shown at the refreshment counter to be set up at Lagunita's inner court, serving ice cream cones to
Boh Hannah and Carl Livingston, acting president of Cardinals, sponsors of the hunt.

FROSH WOMEN will serve the refreshments at tomorrow evening's Scavenger Hunt. A few of the hostesses
are shown at the refreshment counter to be set up at Lagunita's inner court, serving ice cream cones to
Boh Hannah and Carl Livingston, acting president of Cardinals, sponsors of the hunt.

FROSH WOMEN will serve the refreshments at tomorrow evening's Scavenger Hunt. A few of the hostesses
are shown at the refreshment counter to be set up at Lagunita's inner court, serving ice cream cones to
Boh Hannah and Carl Livingston, acting president of Cardinals, sponsors of the hunt.
