# Dr. Rosenstein To Address Chemistry Seminar Today
## 
### 
Dr. Ludwig Rosenstein, secretary of
the California Section of the Ameri
can Chemical Society, will speak at
the Chemistry Seminar tonight
at 7:30 o'clock in the Chemistry
Building. He will discuss a chemical
engineering topic, "The Removal of
Sulphur from Illuminating Gas and
Hydro-Carbon Gases." He has been
doing some extensive work on this,
subject which should make it of spe
cial interest.
Dr. Ludwig Rosenstein, secretary of
the California Section of the Ameri
can Chemical Society, will speak at
the Chemistry Seminar tonight
at 7:30 o'clock in the Chemistry
Building. He will discuss a chemical
engineering topic, "The Removal of
Sulphur from Illuminating Gas and
Hydro-Carbon Gases." He has been
doing some extensive work on this,
subject which should make it of spe
cial interest.
Dr. Ludwig Rosenstein, secretary of
the California Section of the Ameri
can Chemical Society, will speak at
the Chemistry Seminar tonight
at 7:30 o'clock in the Chemistry
Building. He will discuss a chemical
engineering topic, "The Removal of
Sulphur from Illuminating Gas and
Hydro-Carbon Gases." He has been
doing some extensive work on this,
subject which should make it of spe
cial interest.
Dr. Ludwig Rosenstein, secretary of
the California Section of the Ameri
can Chemical Society, will speak at
the Chemistry Seminar tonight
at 7:30 o'clock in the Chemistry
Building. He will discuss a chemical
engineering topic, "The Removal of
Sulphur from Illuminating Gas and
Hydro-Carbon Gases." He has been
doing some extensive work on this,
subject which should make it of spe
cial interest.
Dr. Ludwig Rosenstein, secretary of
the California Section of the Ameri
can Chemical Society, will speak at
the Chemistry Seminar tonight
at 7:30 o'clock in the Chemistry
Building. He will discuss a chemical
engineering topic, "The Removal of
Sulphur from Illuminating Gas and
Hydro-Carbon Gases." He has been
doing some extensive work on this,
subject which should make it of spe
cial interest.
Dr. Ludwig Rosenstein, secretary of
the California Section of the Ameri
can Chemical Society, will speak at
the Chemistry Seminar tonight
at 7:30 o'clock in the Chemistry
Building. He will discuss a chemical
engineering topic, "The Removal of
Sulphur from Illuminating Gas and
Hydro-Carbon Gases." He has been
doing some extensive work on this,
subject which should make it of spe
cial interest.
Dr. Ludwig Rosenstein, secretary of
the California Section of the Ameri
can Chemical Society, will speak at
the Chemistry Seminar tonight
at 7:30 o'clock in the Chemistry
Building. He will discuss a chemical
engineering topic, "The Removal of
Sulphur from Illuminating Gas and
Hydro-Carbon Gases." He has been
doing some extensive work on this,
subject which should make it of spe
cial interest.
Dr. Ludwig Rosenstein, secretary of
the California Section of the Ameri
can Chemical Society, will speak at
the Chemistry Seminar tonight
at 7:30 o'clock in the Chemistry
Building. He will discuss a chemical
engineering topic, "The Removal of
Sulphur from Illuminating Gas and
Hydro-Carbon Gases." He has been
doing some extensive work on this,
subject which should make it of spe
cial interest.
Dr. Ludwig Rosenstein, secretary of
the California Section of the Ameri
can Chemical Society, will speak at
the Chemistry Seminar tonight
at 7:30 o'clock in the Chemistry
Building. He will discuss a chemical
engineering topic, "The Removal of
Sulphur from Illuminating Gas and
Hydro-Carbon Gases." He has been
doing some extensive work on this,
subject which should make it of spe
cial interest.
Dr. Ludwig Rosenstein, secretary of
the California Section of the Ameri
can Chemical Society, will speak at
the Chemistry Seminar tonight
at 7:30 o'clock in the Chemistry
Building. He will discuss a chemical
engineering topic, "The Removal of
Sulphur from Illuminating Gas and
Hydro-Carbon Gases." He has been
doing some extensive work on this,
subject which should make it of spe
cial interest.
Dr. Ludwig Rosenstein, secretary of
the California Section of the Ameri
can Chemical Society, will speak at
the Chemistry Seminar tonight
at 7:30 o'clock in the Chemistry
Building. He will discuss a chemical
engineering topic, "The Removal of
Sulphur from Illuminating Gas and
Hydro-Carbon Gases." He has been
doing some extensive work on this,
subject which should make it of spe
cial interest.
Dr. Ludwig Rosenstein, secretary of
the California Section of the Ameri
can Chemical Society, will speak at
the Chemistry Seminar tonight
at 7:30 o'clock in the Chemistry
Building. He will discuss a chemical
engineering topic, "The Removal of
Sulphur from Illuminating Gas and
Hydro-Carbon Gases." He has been
doing some extensive work on this,
subject which should make it of spe
cial interest.
Dr. Ludwig Rosenstein, secretary of
the California Section of the Ameri
can Chemical Society, will speak at
the Chemistry Seminar tonight
at 7:30 o'clock in the Chemistry
Building. He will discuss a chemical
engineering topic, "The Removal of
Sulphur from Illuminating Gas and
Hydro-Carbon Gases." He has been
doing some extensive work on this,
subject which should make it of spe
cial interest.
Dr. Ludwig Rosenstein, secretary of
the California Section of the Ameri
can Chemical Society, will speak at
the Chemistry Seminar tonight
at 7:30 o'clock in the Chemistry
Building. He will discuss a chemical
engineering topic, "The Removal of
Sulphur from Illuminating Gas and
Hydro-Carbon Gases." He has been
doing some extensive work on this,
subject which should make it of spe
cial interest.
Dr. Ludwig Rosenstein, secretary of
the California Section of the Ameri
can Chemical Society, will speak at
the Chemistry Seminar tonight
at 7:30 o'clock in the Chemistry
Building. He will discuss a chemical
engineering topic, "The Removal of
Sulphur from Illuminating Gas and
Hydro-Carbon Gases." He has been
doing some extensive work on this,
subject which should make it of spe
cial interest.
Dr. Ludwig Rosenstein, secretary of
the California Section of the Ameri
can Chemical Society, will speak at
the Chemistry Seminar tonight
at 7:30 o'clock in the Chemistry
Building. He will discuss a chemical
engineering topic, "The Removal of
Sulphur from Illuminating Gas and
Hydro-Carbon Gases." He has been
doing some extensive work on this,
subject which should make it of spe
cial interest.
