# Will Lecture on Emerson.
## 
### 
Charles J. Woodbury of Oakland will
give a lecture next Tuesday evening,
at 8 o'clock, in the Chapel, entitled
"Happy Days in Concord." When Mr.
Woodbury was a student at Williams
College he secured a lecture from
Ralph Waldo Emerson, and the ac
quaintance which this brought about
lasted all the rest of Emerson's life.
The speaker had a great many talks
with Emerson, and the purpose of his
lecture is to bring before his hearers
a more distinct and personal portrayal
of what Emerson was like in every-day
life than can be gained from books.
Charles J. Woodbury of Oakland will
give a lecture next Tuesday evening,
at 8 o'clock, in the Chapel, entitled
"Happy Days in Concord." When Mr.
Woodbury was a student at Williams
College he secured a lecture from
Ralph Waldo Emerson, and the ac
quaintance which this brought about
lasted all the rest of Emerson's life.
The speaker had a great many talks
with Emerson, and the purpose of his
lecture is to bring before his hearers
a more distinct and personal portrayal
of what Emerson was like in every-day
life than can be gained from books.
Charles J. Woodbury of Oakland will
give a lecture next Tuesday evening,
at 8 o'clock, in the Chapel, entitled
"Happy Days in Concord." When Mr.
Woodbury was a student at Williams
College he secured a lecture from
Ralph Waldo Emerson, and the ac
quaintance which this brought about
lasted all the rest of Emerson's life.
The speaker had a great many talks
with Emerson, and the purpose of his
lecture is to bring before his hearers
a more distinct and personal portrayal
of what Emerson was like in every-day
life than can be gained from books.
Charles J. Woodbury of Oakland will
give a lecture next Tuesday evening,
at 8 o'clock, in the Chapel, entitled
"Happy Days in Concord." When Mr.
Woodbury was a student at Williams
College he secured a lecture from
Ralph Waldo Emerson, and the ac
quaintance which this brought about
lasted all the rest of Emerson's life.
The speaker had a great many talks
with Emerson, and the purpose of his
lecture is to bring before his hearers
a more distinct and personal portrayal
of what Emerson was like in every-day
life than can be gained from books.
Charles J. Woodbury of Oakland will
give a lecture next Tuesday evening,
at 8 o'clock, in the Chapel, entitled
"Happy Days in Concord." When Mr.
Woodbury was a student at Williams
College he secured a lecture from
Ralph Waldo Emerson, and the ac
quaintance which this brought about
lasted all the rest of Emerson's life.
The speaker had a great many talks
with Emerson, and the purpose of his
lecture is to bring before his hearers
a more distinct and personal portrayal
of what Emerson was like in every-day
life than can be gained from books.
Charles J. Woodbury of Oakland will
give a lecture next Tuesday evening,
at 8 o'clock, in the Chapel, entitled
"Happy Days in Concord." When Mr.
Woodbury was a student at Williams
College he secured a lecture from
Ralph Waldo Emerson, and the ac
quaintance which this brought about
lasted all the rest of Emerson's life.
The speaker had a great many talks
with Emerson, and the purpose of his
lecture is to bring before his hearers
a more distinct and personal portrayal
of what Emerson was like in every-day
life than can be gained from books.
Charles J. Woodbury of Oakland will
give a lecture next Tuesday evening,
at 8 o'clock, in the Chapel, entitled
"Happy Days in Concord." When Mr.
Woodbury was a student at Williams
College he secured a lecture from
Ralph Waldo Emerson, and the ac
quaintance which this brought about
lasted all the rest of Emerson's life.
The speaker had a great many talks
with Emerson, and the purpose of his
lecture is to bring before his hearers
a more distinct and personal portrayal
of what Emerson was like in every-day
life than can be gained from books.
Charles J. Woodbury of Oakland will
give a lecture next Tuesday evening,
at 8 o'clock, in the Chapel, entitled
"Happy Days in Concord." When Mr.
Woodbury was a student at Williams
College he secured a lecture from
Ralph Waldo Emerson, and the ac
quaintance which this brought about
lasted all the rest of Emerson's life.
The speaker had a great many talks
with Emerson, and the purpose of his
lecture is to bring before his hearers
a more distinct and personal portrayal
of what Emerson was like in every-day
life than can be gained from books.
Charles J. Woodbury of Oakland will
give a lecture next Tuesday evening,
at 8 o'clock, in the Chapel, entitled
"Happy Days in Concord." When Mr.
Woodbury was a student at Williams
College he secured a lecture from
Ralph Waldo Emerson, and the ac
quaintance which this brought about
lasted all the rest of Emerson's life.
The speaker had a great many talks
with Emerson, and the purpose of his
lecture is to bring before his hearers
a more distinct and personal portrayal
of what Emerson was like in every-day
life than can be gained from books.
Charles J. Woodbury of Oakland will
give a lecture next Tuesday evening,
at 8 o'clock, in the Chapel, entitled
"Happy Days in Concord." When Mr.
Woodbury was a student at Williams
College he secured a lecture from
Ralph Waldo Emerson, and the ac
quaintance which this brought about
lasted all the rest of Emerson's life.
The speaker had a great many talks
with Emerson, and the purpose of his
lecture is to bring before his hearers
a more distinct and personal portrayal
of what Emerson was like in every-day
life than can be gained from books.
Charles J. Woodbury of Oakland will
give a lecture next Tuesday evening,
at 8 o'clock, in the Chapel, entitled
"Happy Days in Concord." When Mr.
Woodbury was a student at Williams
College he secured a lecture from
Ralph Waldo Emerson, and the ac
quaintance which this brought about
lasted all the rest of Emerson's life.
The speaker had a great many talks
with Emerson, and the purpose of his
lecture is to bring before his hearers
a more distinct and personal portrayal
of what Emerson was like in every-day
life than can be gained from books.
Charles J. Woodbury of Oakland will
give a lecture next Tuesday evening,
at 8 o'clock, in the Chapel, entitled
"Happy Days in Concord." When Mr.
Woodbury was a student at Williams
College he secured a lecture from
Ralph Waldo Emerson, and the ac
quaintance which this brought about
lasted all the rest of Emerson's life.
The speaker had a great many talks
with Emerson, and the purpose of his
lecture is to bring before his hearers
a more distinct and personal portrayal
of what Emerson was like in every-day
life than can be gained from books.
Charles J. Woodbury of Oakland will
give a lecture next Tuesday evening,
at 8 o'clock, in the Chapel, entitled
"Happy Days in Concord." When Mr.
Woodbury was a student at Williams
College he secured a lecture from
Ralph Waldo Emerson, and the ac
quaintance which this brought about
lasted all the rest of Emerson's life.
The speaker had a great many talks
with Emerson, and the purpose of his
lecture is to bring before his hearers
a more distinct and personal portrayal
of what Emerson was like in every-day
life than can be gained from books.
Charles J. Woodbury of Oakland will
give a lecture next Tuesday evening,
at 8 o'clock, in the Chapel, entitled
"Happy Days in Concord." When Mr.
Woodbury was a student at Williams
College he secured a lecture from
Ralph Waldo Emerson, and the ac
quaintance which this brought about
lasted all the rest of Emerson's life.
The speaker had a great many talks
with Emerson, and the purpose of his
lecture is to bring before his hearers
a more distinct and personal portrayal
of what Emerson was like in every-day
life than can be gained from books.
