# Publications by Professors.
## 
### 
Several articles have been recent
ly published by members of the
Stanford faculty. Colbert Searles,
assistant professor of RomanicLang
utiges, has an article in Modern
Language Notes for November on
"Lecdilla Episode in Bojardo's Or
lando Innamorato." Dr. Jordan
contributes a discussion of "Higher
Education for Women" to the cur
rent number of The Popular Science
Monthly. Samuel Jackson Barnett,
assistant professor of Physics,
printed an article "On the Caven
dish Experiment, and the Law of
Inverse Squares in Electrostatics,"
in the September Physical Review,
and The American Mathematical
Society Transactions for October
contains a paper "On the deter
mination of tiie distance between
two points in space of n dimen
sions," by Professor Blichfeldt.
