# Stock Farm Sale in January.
## 
### 
There are still some two hundred
horses of all orders and ages re
maining on the Palo Alto Stock
Farm. These animals will be dis
posed of as fast as they can be
brought into salable condition. At
the recent sale twenty-live head of
brood mares and two-year-olds
were sold at an average price of
$200 per head. None of these have
had opportunity to make good
records since the sale. The next
disposal will take place at the
Stock Farm sometime the latter
part of January. Fifty-three two
year-olds will then be offered for
sale. None of the liorses will be
sent to Eastern markets; all will
be offered for sale at the Stock
Farm in special disposal sales to
be arranged as the horses round
into proper condition. As quite a
number of the animals are still
young colts it will require some
time to complete the disposal.
There are still some two hundred
horses of all orders and ages re
maining on the Palo Alto Stock
Farm. These animals will be dis
posed of as fast as they can be
brought into salable condition. At
the recent sale twenty-live head of
brood mares and two-year-olds
were sold at an average price of
$200 per head. None of these have
had opportunity to make good
records since the sale. The next
disposal will take place at the
Stock Farm sometime the latter
part of January. Fifty-three two
year-olds will then be offered for
sale. None of the liorses will be
sent to Eastern markets; all will
be offered for sale at the Stock
Farm in special disposal sales to
be arranged as the horses round
into proper condition. As quite a
number of the animals are still
young colts it will require some
time to complete the disposal.
There are still some two hundred
horses of all orders and ages re
maining on the Palo Alto Stock
Farm. These animals will be dis
posed of as fast as they can be
brought into salable condition. At
the recent sale twenty-live head of
brood mares and two-year-olds
were sold at an average price of
$200 per head. None of these have
had opportunity to make good
records since the sale. The next
disposal will take place at the
Stock Farm sometime the latter
part of January. Fifty-three two
year-olds will then be offered for
sale. None of the liorses will be
sent to Eastern markets; all will
be offered for sale at the Stock
Farm in special disposal sales to
be arranged as the horses round
into proper condition. As quite a
number of the animals are still
young colts it will require some
time to complete the disposal.
There are still some two hundred
horses of all orders and ages re
maining on the Palo Alto Stock
Farm. These animals will be dis
posed of as fast as they can be
brought into salable condition. At
the recent sale twenty-live head of
brood mares and two-year-olds
were sold at an average price of
$200 per head. None of these have
had opportunity to make good
records since the sale. The next
disposal will take place at the
Stock Farm sometime the latter
part of January. Fifty-three two
year-olds will then be offered for
sale. None of the liorses will be
sent to Eastern markets; all will
be offered for sale at the Stock
Farm in special disposal sales to
be arranged as the horses round
into proper condition. As quite a
number of the animals are still
young colts it will require some
time to complete the disposal.
There are still some two hundred
horses of all orders and ages re
maining on the Palo Alto Stock
Farm. These animals will be dis
posed of as fast as they can be
brought into salable condition. At
the recent sale twenty-live head of
brood mares and two-year-olds
were sold at an average price of
$200 per head. None of these have
had opportunity to make good
records since the sale. The next
disposal will take place at the
Stock Farm sometime the latter
part of January. Fifty-three two
year-olds will then be offered for
sale. None of the liorses will be
sent to Eastern markets; all will
be offered for sale at the Stock
Farm in special disposal sales to
be arranged as the horses round
into proper condition. As quite a
number of the animals are still
young colts it will require some
time to complete the disposal.
There are still some two hundred
horses of all orders and ages re
maining on the Palo Alto Stock
Farm. These animals will be dis
posed of as fast as they can be
brought into salable condition. At
the recent sale twenty-live head of
brood mares and two-year-olds
were sold at an average price of
$200 per head. None of these have
had opportunity to make good
records since the sale. The next
disposal will take place at the
Stock Farm sometime the latter
part of January. Fifty-three two
year-olds will then be offered for
sale. None of the liorses will be
sent to Eastern markets; all will
be offered for sale at the Stock
Farm in special disposal sales to
be arranged as the horses round
into proper condition. As quite a
number of the animals are still
young colts it will require some
time to complete the disposal.
There are still some two hundred
horses of all orders and ages re
maining on the Palo Alto Stock
Farm. These animals will be dis
posed of as fast as they can be
brought into salable condition. At
the recent sale twenty-live head of
brood mares and two-year-olds
were sold at an average price of
$200 per head. None of these have
had opportunity to make good
records since the sale. The next
disposal will take place at the
Stock Farm sometime the latter
part of January. Fifty-three two
year-olds will then be offered for
sale. None of the liorses will be
sent to Eastern markets; all will
be offered for sale at the Stock
Farm in special disposal sales to
be arranged as the horses round
into proper condition. As quite a
number of the animals are still
young colts it will require some
time to complete the disposal.
There are still some two hundred
horses of all orders and ages re
maining on the Palo Alto Stock
Farm. These animals will be dis
posed of as fast as they can be
brought into salable condition. At
the recent sale twenty-live head of
brood mares and two-year-olds
were sold at an average price of
$200 per head. None of these have
had opportunity to make good
records since the sale. The next
disposal will take place at the
Stock Farm sometime the latter
part of January. Fifty-three two
year-olds will then be offered for
sale. None of the liorses will be
sent to Eastern markets; all will
be offered for sale at the Stock
Farm in special disposal sales to
be arranged as the horses round
into proper condition. As quite a
number of the animals are still
young colts it will require some
time to complete the disposal.
