# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—At Yale the bowling alleys in
the gymnasium are reserved for
members of the faculty on certain
nights every week.
—At Yale the bowling alleys in
the gymnasium are reserved for
members of the faculty on certain
nights every week.
—At Yale the bowling alleys in
the gymnasium are reserved for
members of the faculty on certain
nights every week.
—At Yale the bowling alleys in
the gymnasium are reserved for
members of the faculty on certain
nights every week.
—At Yale the bowling alleys in
the gymnasium are reserved for
members of the faculty on certain
nights every week.
—At Yale the bowling alleys in
the gymnasium are reserved for
members of the faculty on certain
nights every week.
—At Yale the bowling alleys in
the gymnasium are reserved for
members of the faculty on certain
nights every week.
—At Yale the bowling alleys in
the gymnasium are reserved for
members of the faculty on certain
nights every week.
