# New Course in Roble Gym.
## 
### 
A laboratory course in bandag
ing and the elements of minor sur
gery and nursing has been insti
tuted in connection with section
work in the Roble gymnasium
classes. It is proposed by the de
partment to give this work to stu
dents who are convalescing from
illness and who, although able to
continue University work, cannot
do floor work in the gymnasium.
Individual instruction will neces
sarily be irregular, but it is ex
pected that during her four years
each student will have become
thoroughly grounded in the prin
ciples of nursing and emergency
work.
The course in bandaging is to be
carried on in connection with hos
pital corps drill, which is soon to
become a part of regular section
work.
