# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Whilk tho student body is pre
paring itself for the ordeal of the
next fortnight, we would call at
tention to the fact that the mem
bers of the Daily Palo Alto staff
are in no sense excluded from final
examinations or other requisites
necessary to the securing of the
semester's credit. For the benefit
of the instructors and organizations
rvho may desire to use the paper's
Announcement columns,publication
will continue as long as the Uni
versity is in session. In return, it
seemsonly fair that thosehavingan
nouncements or news items should
make it a point to get them to the
office early in the day. It is need
less to say that forethought in this
particular will be appreciated.
Whilk tho student body is pre
paring itself for the ordeal of the
next fortnight, we would call at
tention to the fact that the mem
bers of the Daily Palo Alto staff
are in no sense excluded from final
examinations or other requisites
necessary to the securing of the
semester's credit. For the benefit
of the instructors and organizations
rvho may desire to use the paper's
Announcement columns,publication
will continue as long as the Uni
versity is in session. In return, it
seemsonly fair that thosehavingan
nouncements or news items should
make it a point to get them to the
office early in the day. It is need
less to say that forethought in this
particular will be appreciated.
Whilk tho student body is pre
paring itself for the ordeal of the
next fortnight, we would call at
tention to the fact that the mem
bers of the Daily Palo Alto staff
are in no sense excluded from final
examinations or other requisites
necessary to the securing of the
semester's credit. For the benefit
of the instructors and organizations
rvho may desire to use the paper's
Announcement columns,publication
will continue as long as the Uni
versity is in session. In return, it
seemsonly fair that thosehavingan
nouncements or news items should
make it a point to get them to the
office early in the day. It is need
less to say that forethought in this
particular will be appreciated.
Whilk tho student body is pre
paring itself for the ordeal of the
next fortnight, we would call at
tention to the fact that the mem
bers of the Daily Palo Alto staff
are in no sense excluded from final
examinations or other requisites
necessary to the securing of the
semester's credit. For the benefit
of the instructors and organizations
rvho may desire to use the paper's
Announcement columns,publication
will continue as long as the Uni
versity is in session. In return, it
seemsonly fair that thosehavingan
nouncements or news items should
make it a point to get them to the
office early in the day. It is need
less to say that forethought in this
particular will be appreciated.
Whilk tho student body is pre
paring itself for the ordeal of the
next fortnight, we would call at
tention to the fact that the mem
bers of the Daily Palo Alto staff
are in no sense excluded from final
examinations or other requisites
necessary to the securing of the
semester's credit. For the benefit
of the instructors and organizations
rvho may desire to use the paper's
Announcement columns,publication
will continue as long as the Uni
versity is in session. In return, it
seemsonly fair that thosehavingan
nouncements or news items should
make it a point to get them to the
office early in the day. It is need
less to say that forethought in this
particular will be appreciated.
Whilk tho student body is pre
paring itself for the ordeal of the
next fortnight, we would call at
tention to the fact that the mem
bers of the Daily Palo Alto staff
are in no sense excluded from final
examinations or other requisites
necessary to the securing of the
semester's credit. For the benefit
of the instructors and organizations
rvho may desire to use the paper's
Announcement columns,publication
will continue as long as the Uni
versity is in session. In return, it
seemsonly fair that thosehavingan
nouncements or news items should
make it a point to get them to the
office early in the day. It is need
less to say that forethought in this
particular will be appreciated.
Whilk tho student body is pre
paring itself for the ordeal of the
next fortnight, we would call at
tention to the fact that the mem
bers of the Daily Palo Alto staff
are in no sense excluded from final
examinations or other requisites
necessary to the securing of the
semester's credit. For the benefit
of the instructors and organizations
rvho may desire to use the paper's
Announcement columns,publication
will continue as long as the Uni
versity is in session. In return, it
seemsonly fair that thosehavingan
nouncements or news items should
make it a point to get them to the
office early in the day. It is need
less to say that forethought in this
particular will be appreciated.
Whilk tho student body is pre
paring itself for the ordeal of the
next fortnight, we would call at
tention to the fact that the mem
bers of the Daily Palo Alto staff
are in no sense excluded from final
examinations or other requisites
necessary to the securing of the
semester's credit. For the benefit
of the instructors and organizations
rvho may desire to use the paper's
Announcement columns,publication
will continue as long as the Uni
versity is in session. In return, it
seemsonly fair that thosehavingan
nouncements or news items should
make it a point to get them to the
office early in the day. It is need
less to say that forethought in this
particular will be appreciated.
