# Ranking of the Universities.
## 
### 
The twelfth volume of Minerva,a
year-book and directory of all the
institutions of learning in the
world, gives interesting statistics in
regard to the enrollment of stu
dents in different universities.
According to these figures Colum
bia comes first in America in the
number of students with 4499, Har
vard second with 4142, and the
University of California third with
4008. California is second in the
number of undergraduate students.
Others follow in this order: â€”Mich-
igan fourth, with 3709; Minnesota
fifth, 3656; Chicago sixth, with
3520; Illinois seventh, with 2932;
Wisconsin eighth, with 2810; Yale
ninth, with 2685; Pennsylvania
tenth, with 2573; Cornell eleventh,
with 2515; Northwestern twelfth,
with 2414; Nebraska thirteenth,
2239; New York University four
teenth,with 2000; Syracusefifteenth,
with 1806; Missouri sixteenth, with
1671; Washington University in St.
Louis seventeenth, with 1566; Ohio
eighteenth, with 1465; Boston nine

teeiith, with 1450; Columbian Uni
versity in Washington twentieth,
with 1407; Stanford twenty-first,
with 1389; Delaware twenty-second,
with 1365; Princeton twenty-third,
with 1354; and Cincinnati twenty
fourth, with 1300.
The relative numerical standing
of universities of the world, as
shown by Minerva, is as follows:
First, Berlin, 13,070; second,
Paris, 12,171; third, Cairo, 10,003;
fourth, Vienna, 6009; fifth, Buda
pest, 5940; sixth, Naples, 5165;
seventh, Madrid, 5118; eighth, Mos
cow, 4691; ninth, Columbia, 4499;
tenth, Munich, 4459; eleventh,
Leipzig, 4220; twelfth, Harvard,
4142; thirteenth, California, 4008.
