# CH CHRIST
## 
### PAUL RUPERT 
During the Resistance rally on
Thursday, a very nice woman
asked if she could burn a draft
card. I said I had no objections.
So when the time came, she
stepped up to the mike and read
a letter to General Hershey, in
forming him that she had burned
two draft cards.
She then reached into a brown
paper bag, pulled out a brass
urn, scissors, a paper towel, a
dollar bill, a small flag, two
draft cards, and some matches.
She began to speak of the tribe
which inhabited North America
and its many rituals and amu
lets.

She explained that the tribe
had certain symbols which were
very sacred, and whose destruc
tion was so threatening to the
frightened tribe that the dese
crator was imprisoned if he
dared to violate the sacred. She
proceeded to cut up the dollar,
the cards, and the flag, placed
them in the towel-covered urn,
and lit them. She said that she
hoped the fire would drive out
the evil spirits that so plagued
the tribe.
It all burned well, and smoul
dered while many other people
made some statements about the
draft and their lives.
I suppose if I asked her what
she thought of those symbols,
she would have described them
as degenerate remains of an ob
scene tribalism. She might ex
plain that she felt nation-state
battles to the death were an ex
treme form of obscenity, a pro
fanation of man and God. Per
haps in earlier days there was
some excuse for continuing such
ridiculous and artificial divi
sions, but no longer. I guess I
would agree.
The taking of human life, or
ganized international mass mur
der, domestic genocide, the per
petuation of needless poverty,
and other current forms of so
cial violence strike me as the
most pressing problems facing
us.
Thus I was surprised to walk
into The Dally last week and to
hear that my column's title was
under attack. I was asked to
change it, and offered instead to
write a defense. As I sit here

trying to do that I am struck by
how accurate a reflection of
Stanford priorities these few
complaints provide.
There was Jesus holding up
his life as an example; it is
largely ignored, but his name is
certainly kept sacred. And here
we sit, in the middle of a uni
versity involved up to its neck
in the social ills of the day, play
ing God with the community,
servicing the Defense Depart
ment—and 270 faculty persons
and over a thousand students
come out against coercion.
Somehow, we seem to be miss
ing the point.
In absolute terms, I suppose
my defense of "Oh, Christ!"
rests in my sense that it ex
presses a certain disgust and
anger, and at the same time an
appeal to that which is human—
and therefore, redeemable — in
each of us.
Besides, when we thought of
the name two years ago, I was
half asleep. Someone called me
in the middle of the night for a
title for my first column after
we drove Hubert Humphrey off
campus. I was angry, irritable,
unsociable when I answered the
phone. When they asked me for
a title, I said "Oh, Christ!" and
let it go at that. I liked it at
breakfast the next day. And it
is still with us.
But that is not the point. I
suspect that most people out
there are not bothered by the ti
tle. But to those who are, I
would suggest that the sum
mary of national news which ap
pears in The Daily is far more

obscene and a far greater pro
fanation of the spirit of Christ
than any words I could ever
dream up.
As I look out on Hiroshima,
Dresden, Nagasaki, Tokyo, Viet
nam, ghettoes, Indian reserva
tions, electric chairs, prisons,
Latin America, new and im
proved plague, the Cuban Mis
sile crisis, fifteen million pover
ty-stricken Americans, six mil
lion alcoholics and a world of
misery and oppression, I guess
the verbal profanities like "Oh,
Christ" and "f— you!" pale in
comparison.
A man's words have never
been as powerful an expression
as his deeds; if there really is
such a thing as a Judgment Day,
I'll probably get less for my
column than for my average
self-indulgent day.
