# Coffee House To Host Profs
## 
### 
Beginning tonight, the Coffee
House in Tresidder will sponsor
a series of informal discussions
between students and various
professors. The talks wPI take
place every night during the
week from 7-8 P.M. Keith Boyle
of the Art Department will be
there tonight. Bob Freelan, fac
ulty associate at the new fra
ternity cluster is coming Tues
day, and History Professor Da
vid Kennedy, Wednesday.
Beginning tonight, the Coffee
House in Tresidder will sponsor
a series of informal discussions
between students and various
professors. The talks wPI take
place every night during the
week from 7-8 P.M. Keith Boyle
of the Art Department will be
there tonight. Bob Freelan, fac
ulty associate at the new fra
ternity cluster is coming Tues
day, and History Professor Da
vid Kennedy, Wednesday.
Beginning tonight, the Coffee
House in Tresidder will sponsor
a series of informal discussions
between students and various
professors. The talks wPI take
place every night during the
week from 7-8 P.M. Keith Boyle
of the Art Department will be
there tonight. Bob Freelan, fac
ulty associate at the new fra
ternity cluster is coming Tues
day, and History Professor Da
vid Kennedy, Wednesday.
Beginning tonight, the Coffee
House in Tresidder will sponsor
a series of informal discussions
between students and various
professors. The talks wPI take
place every night during the
week from 7-8 P.M. Keith Boyle
of the Art Department will be
there tonight. Bob Freelan, fac
ulty associate at the new fra
ternity cluster is coming Tues
day, and History Professor Da
vid Kennedy, Wednesday.
Beginning tonight, the Coffee
House in Tresidder will sponsor
a series of informal discussions
between students and various
professors. The talks wPI take
place every night during the
week from 7-8 P.M. Keith Boyle
of the Art Department will be
there tonight. Bob Freelan, fac
ulty associate at the new fra
ternity cluster is coming Tues
day, and History Professor Da
vid Kennedy, Wednesday.
Beginning tonight, the Coffee
House in Tresidder will sponsor
a series of informal discussions
between students and various
professors. The talks wPI take
place every night during the
week from 7-8 P.M. Keith Boyle
of the Art Department will be
there tonight. Bob Freelan, fac
ulty associate at the new fra
ternity cluster is coming Tues
day, and History Professor Da
vid Kennedy, Wednesday.
Beginning tonight, the Coffee
House in Tresidder will sponsor
a series of informal discussions
between students and various
professors. The talks wPI take
place every night during the
week from 7-8 P.M. Keith Boyle
of the Art Department will be
there tonight. Bob Freelan, fac
ulty associate at the new fra
ternity cluster is coming Tues
day, and History Professor Da
vid Kennedy, Wednesday.
Beginning tonight, the Coffee
House in Tresidder will sponsor
a series of informal discussions
between students and various
professors. The talks wPI take
place every night during the
week from 7-8 P.M. Keith Boyle
of the Art Department will be
there tonight. Bob Freelan, fac
ulty associate at the new fra
ternity cluster is coming Tues
day, and History Professor Da
vid Kennedy, Wednesday.
Beginning tonight, the Coffee
House in Tresidder will sponsor
a series of informal discussions
between students and various
professors. The talks wPI take
place every night during the
week from 7-8 P.M. Keith Boyle
of the Art Department will be
there tonight. Bob Freelan, fac
ulty associate at the new fra
ternity cluster is coming Tues
day, and History Professor Da
vid Kennedy, Wednesday.
Beginning tonight, the Coffee
House in Tresidder will sponsor
a series of informal discussions
between students and various
professors. The talks wPI take
place every night during the
week from 7-8 P.M. Keith Boyle
of the Art Department will be
there tonight. Bob Freelan, fac
ulty associate at the new fra
ternity cluster is coming Tues
day, and History Professor Da
vid Kennedy, Wednesday.
Beginning tonight, the Coffee
House in Tresidder will sponsor
a series of informal discussions
between students and various
professors. The talks wPI take
place every night during the
week from 7-8 P.M. Keith Boyle
of the Art Department will be
there tonight. Bob Freelan, fac
ulty associate at the new fra
ternity cluster is coming Tues
day, and History Professor Da
vid Kennedy, Wednesday.
Beginning tonight, the Coffee
House in Tresidder will sponsor
a series of informal discussions
between students and various
professors. The talks wPI take
place every night during the
week from 7-8 P.M. Keith Boyle
of the Art Department will be
there tonight. Bob Freelan, fac
ulty associate at the new fra
ternity cluster is coming Tues
day, and History Professor Da
vid Kennedy, Wednesday.
Beginning tonight, the Coffee
House in Tresidder will sponsor
a series of informal discussions
between students and various
professors. The talks wPI take
place every night during the
week from 7-8 P.M. Keith Boyle
of the Art Department will be
there tonight. Bob Freelan, fac
ulty associate at the new fra
ternity cluster is coming Tues
day, and History Professor Da
vid Kennedy, Wednesday.
Beginning tonight, the Coffee
House in Tresidder will sponsor
a series of informal discussions
between students and various
professors. The talks wPI take
place every night during the
week from 7-8 P.M. Keith Boyle
of the Art Department will be
there tonight. Bob Freelan, fac
ulty associate at the new fra
ternity cluster is coming Tues
day, and History Professor Da
vid Kennedy, Wednesday.
Beginning tonight, the Coffee
House in Tresidder will sponsor
a series of informal discussions
between students and various
professors. The talks wPI take
place every night during the
week from 7-8 P.M. Keith Boyle
of the Art Department will be
there tonight. Bob Freelan, fac
ulty associate at the new fra
ternity cluster is coming Tues
day, and History Professor Da
vid Kennedy, Wednesday.
