# GETS COLLEGE POST
## 
### 
COLUMBIA, Mo., Jan. 31 (ZP) —
Daniel C. Jackling, copper company
executive of San Francisco, today
was apponted a member of the ad
visory council of the University of
Missouri.
COLUMBIA, Mo., Jan. 31 (ZP) —
Daniel C. Jackling, copper company
executive of San Francisco, today
was apponted a member of the ad
visory council of the University of
Missouri.
COLUMBIA, Mo., Jan. 31 (ZP) —
Daniel C. Jackling, copper company
executive of San Francisco, today
was apponted a member of the ad
visory council of the University of
Missouri.
COLUMBIA, Mo., Jan. 31 (ZP) —
Daniel C. Jackling, copper company
executive of San Francisco, today
was apponted a member of the ad
visory council of the University of
Missouri.
COLUMBIA, Mo., Jan. 31 (ZP) —
Daniel C. Jackling, copper company
executive of San Francisco, today
was apponted a member of the ad
visory council of the University of
Missouri.
COLUMBIA, Mo., Jan. 31 (ZP) —
Daniel C. Jackling, copper company
executive of San Francisco, today
was apponted a member of the ad
visory council of the University of
Missouri.
COLUMBIA, Mo., Jan. 31 (ZP) —
Daniel C. Jackling, copper company
executive of San Francisco, today
was apponted a member of the ad
visory council of the University of
Missouri.
COLUMBIA, Mo., Jan. 31 (ZP) —
Daniel C. Jackling, copper company
executive of San Francisco, today
was apponted a member of the ad
visory council of the University of
Missouri.
COLUMBIA, Mo., Jan. 31 (ZP) —
Daniel C. Jackling, copper company
executive of San Francisco, today
was apponted a member of the ad
visory council of the University of
Missouri.
COLUMBIA, Mo., Jan. 31 (ZP) —
Daniel C. Jackling, copper company
executive of San Francisco, today
was apponted a member of the ad
visory council of the University of
Missouri.
COLUMBIA, Mo., Jan. 31 (ZP) —
Daniel C. Jackling, copper company
executive of San Francisco, today
was apponted a member of the ad
visory council of the University of
Missouri.
COLUMBIA, Mo., Jan. 31 (ZP) —
Daniel C. Jackling, copper company
executive of San Francisco, today
was apponted a member of the ad
visory council of the University of
Missouri.
COLUMBIA, Mo., Jan. 31 (ZP) —
Daniel C. Jackling, copper company
executive of San Francisco, today
was apponted a member of the ad
visory council of the University of
Missouri.
COLUMBIA, Mo., Jan. 31 (ZP) —
Daniel C. Jackling, copper company
executive of San Francisco, today
was apponted a member of the ad
visory council of the University of
Missouri.
