# ALPHA DELT PLEDGE
## 
### 
Alpha Delta Phi announces the
pledging of Henry Ballentine, '36.
Alpha Delta Phi announces the
pledging of Henry Ballentine, '36.
Alpha Delta Phi announces the
pledging of Henry Ballentine, '36.
Alpha Delta Phi announces the
pledging of Henry Ballentine, '36.
Alpha Delta Phi announces the
pledging of Henry Ballentine, '36.
Alpha Delta Phi announces the
pledging of Henry Ballentine, '36.
Alpha Delta Phi announces the
pledging of Henry Ballentine, '36.
Alpha Delta Phi announces the
pledging of Henry Ballentine, '36.
Alpha Delta Phi announces the
pledging of Henry Ballentine, '36.
Alpha Delta Phi announces the
pledging of Henry Ballentine, '36.
Alpha Delta Phi announces the
pledging of Henry Ballentine, '36.
Alpha Delta Phi announces the
pledging of Henry Ballentine, '36.
Alpha Delta Phi announces the
pledging of Henry Ballentine, '36.
Alpha Delta Phi announces the
pledging of Henry Ballentine, '36.
