# Fine Imposed For Late Vaccination Registration
## 
### 
Students!who have failed to file
vaccination certificates are now sub
ject to a $2 fine, the Registrar's Of
fice announced today. All new stu
dents and those whose certificates
have expired must be re-examined,
according to. official ruling. If the
blank is not on record by February
7, registration of the student in the
University will be at the discretion
of the Committee on Public Health.
Students!who have failed to file
vaccination certificates are now sub
ject to a $2 fine, the Registrar's Of
fice announced today. All new stu
dents and those whose certificates
have expired must be re-examined,
according to. official ruling. If the
blank is not on record by February
7, registration of the student in the
University will be at the discretion
of the Committee on Public Health.
Students!who have failed to file
vaccination certificates are now sub
ject to a $2 fine, the Registrar's Of
fice announced today. All new stu
dents and those whose certificates
have expired must be re-examined,
according to. official ruling. If the
blank is not on record by February
7, registration of the student in the
University will be at the discretion
of the Committee on Public Health.
Students!who have failed to file
vaccination certificates are now sub
ject to a $2 fine, the Registrar's Of
fice announced today. All new stu
dents and those whose certificates
have expired must be re-examined,
according to. official ruling. If the
blank is not on record by February
7, registration of the student in the
University will be at the discretion
of the Committee on Public Health.
Students!who have failed to file
vaccination certificates are now sub
ject to a $2 fine, the Registrar's Of
fice announced today. All new stu
dents and those whose certificates
have expired must be re-examined,
according to. official ruling. If the
blank is not on record by February
7, registration of the student in the
University will be at the discretion
of the Committee on Public Health.
Students!who have failed to file
vaccination certificates are now sub
ject to a $2 fine, the Registrar's Of
fice announced today. All new stu
dents and those whose certificates
have expired must be re-examined,
according to. official ruling. If the
blank is not on record by February
7, registration of the student in the
University will be at the discretion
of the Committee on Public Health.
Students!who have failed to file
vaccination certificates are now sub
ject to a $2 fine, the Registrar's Of
fice announced today. All new stu
dents and those whose certificates
have expired must be re-examined,
according to. official ruling. If the
blank is not on record by February
7, registration of the student in the
University will be at the discretion
of the Committee on Public Health.
Students!who have failed to file
vaccination certificates are now sub
ject to a $2 fine, the Registrar's Of
fice announced today. All new stu
dents and those whose certificates
have expired must be re-examined,
according to. official ruling. If the
blank is not on record by February
7, registration of the student in the
University will be at the discretion
of the Committee on Public Health.
Students!who have failed to file
vaccination certificates are now sub
ject to a $2 fine, the Registrar's Of
fice announced today. All new stu
dents and those whose certificates
have expired must be re-examined,
according to. official ruling. If the
blank is not on record by February
7, registration of the student in the
University will be at the discretion
of the Committee on Public Health.
Students!who have failed to file
vaccination certificates are now sub
ject to a $2 fine, the Registrar's Of
fice announced today. All new stu
dents and those whose certificates
have expired must be re-examined,
according to. official ruling. If the
blank is not on record by February
7, registration of the student in the
University will be at the discretion
of the Committee on Public Health.
Students!who have failed to file
vaccination certificates are now sub
ject to a $2 fine, the Registrar's Of
fice announced today. All new stu
dents and those whose certificates
have expired must be re-examined,
according to. official ruling. If the
blank is not on record by February
7, registration of the student in the
University will be at the discretion
of the Committee on Public Health.
Students!who have failed to file
vaccination certificates are now sub
ject to a $2 fine, the Registrar's Of
fice announced today. All new stu
dents and those whose certificates
have expired must be re-examined,
according to. official ruling. If the
blank is not on record by February
7, registration of the student in the
University will be at the discretion
of the Committee on Public Health.
Students!who have failed to file
vaccination certificates are now sub
ject to a $2 fine, the Registrar's Of
fice announced today. All new stu
dents and those whose certificates
have expired must be re-examined,
according to. official ruling. If the
blank is not on record by February
7, registration of the student in the
University will be at the discretion
of the Committee on Public Health.
Students!who have failed to file
vaccination certificates are now sub
ject to a $2 fine, the Registrar's Of
fice announced today. All new stu
dents and those whose certificates
have expired must be re-examined,
according to. official ruling. If the
blank is not on record by February
7, registration of the student in the
University will be at the discretion
of the Committee on Public Health.
