# Off-Campus Women Meet Tomorrow At Clubhouse
## 
### 
OfT-campus women will meet to
gether informally tomorrow after
noon from 4 to 5:30 o'clock in the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Mary Parsons, president,
urges all members to be present,
this being the first meeting of the
group this quarter.
Mary-K. Morris, president of the
A.W.S., and Jeanne Millard, A.W.S.
secretary, will be guests of honor.
Evelyn Schilling, who is in charge
of the entertainment, announces that
refreshments will be served.
OfT-campus women will meet to
gether informally tomorrow after
noon from 4 to 5:30 o'clock in the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Mary Parsons, president,
urges all members to be present,
this being the first meeting of the
group this quarter.
Mary-K. Morris, president of the
A.W.S., and Jeanne Millard, A.W.S.
secretary, will be guests of honor.
Evelyn Schilling, who is in charge
of the entertainment, announces that
refreshments will be served.
OfT-campus women will meet to
gether informally tomorrow after
noon from 4 to 5:30 o'clock in the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Mary Parsons, president,
urges all members to be present,
this being the first meeting of the
group this quarter.
Mary-K. Morris, president of the
A.W.S., and Jeanne Millard, A.W.S.
secretary, will be guests of honor.
Evelyn Schilling, who is in charge
of the entertainment, announces that
refreshments will be served.
OfT-campus women will meet to
gether informally tomorrow after
noon from 4 to 5:30 o'clock in the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Mary Parsons, president,
urges all members to be present,
this being the first meeting of the
group this quarter.
Mary-K. Morris, president of the
A.W.S., and Jeanne Millard, A.W.S.
secretary, will be guests of honor.
Evelyn Schilling, who is in charge
of the entertainment, announces that
refreshments will be served.
OfT-campus women will meet to
gether informally tomorrow after
noon from 4 to 5:30 o'clock in the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Mary Parsons, president,
urges all members to be present,
this being the first meeting of the
group this quarter.
Mary-K. Morris, president of the
A.W.S., and Jeanne Millard, A.W.S.
secretary, will be guests of honor.
Evelyn Schilling, who is in charge
of the entertainment, announces that
refreshments will be served.
OfT-campus women will meet to
gether informally tomorrow after
noon from 4 to 5:30 o'clock in the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Mary Parsons, president,
urges all members to be present,
this being the first meeting of the
group this quarter.
Mary-K. Morris, president of the
A.W.S., and Jeanne Millard, A.W.S.
secretary, will be guests of honor.
Evelyn Schilling, who is in charge
of the entertainment, announces that
refreshments will be served.
OfT-campus women will meet to
gether informally tomorrow after
noon from 4 to 5:30 o'clock in the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Mary Parsons, president,
urges all members to be present,
this being the first meeting of the
group this quarter.
Mary-K. Morris, president of the
A.W.S., and Jeanne Millard, A.W.S.
secretary, will be guests of honor.
Evelyn Schilling, who is in charge
of the entertainment, announces that
refreshments will be served.
OfT-campus women will meet to
gether informally tomorrow after
noon from 4 to 5:30 o'clock in the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Mary Parsons, president,
urges all members to be present,
this being the first meeting of the
group this quarter.
Mary-K. Morris, president of the
A.W.S., and Jeanne Millard, A.W.S.
secretary, will be guests of honor.
Evelyn Schilling, who is in charge
of the entertainment, announces that
refreshments will be served.
OfT-campus women will meet to
gether informally tomorrow after
noon from 4 to 5:30 o'clock in the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Mary Parsons, president,
urges all members to be present,
this being the first meeting of the
group this quarter.
Mary-K. Morris, president of the
A.W.S., and Jeanne Millard, A.W.S.
secretary, will be guests of honor.
Evelyn Schilling, who is in charge
of the entertainment, announces that
refreshments will be served.
OfT-campus women will meet to
gether informally tomorrow after
noon from 4 to 5:30 o'clock in the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Mary Parsons, president,
urges all members to be present,
this being the first meeting of the
group this quarter.
Mary-K. Morris, president of the
A.W.S., and Jeanne Millard, A.W.S.
secretary, will be guests of honor.
Evelyn Schilling, who is in charge
of the entertainment, announces that
refreshments will be served.
OfT-campus women will meet to
gether informally tomorrow after
noon from 4 to 5:30 o'clock in the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Mary Parsons, president,
urges all members to be present,
this being the first meeting of the
group this quarter.
Mary-K. Morris, president of the
A.W.S., and Jeanne Millard, A.W.S.
secretary, will be guests of honor.
Evelyn Schilling, who is in charge
of the entertainment, announces that
refreshments will be served.
OfT-campus women will meet to
gether informally tomorrow after
noon from 4 to 5:30 o'clock in the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Mary Parsons, president,
urges all members to be present,
this being the first meeting of the
group this quarter.
Mary-K. Morris, president of the
A.W.S., and Jeanne Millard, A.W.S.
secretary, will be guests of honor.
Evelyn Schilling, who is in charge
of the entertainment, announces that
refreshments will be served.
OfT-campus women will meet to
gether informally tomorrow after
noon from 4 to 5:30 o'clock in the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Mary Parsons, president,
urges all members to be present,
this being the first meeting of the
group this quarter.
Mary-K. Morris, president of the
A.W.S., and Jeanne Millard, A.W.S.
secretary, will be guests of honor.
Evelyn Schilling, who is in charge
of the entertainment, announces that
refreshments will be served.
OfT-campus women will meet to
gether informally tomorrow after
noon from 4 to 5:30 o'clock in the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Mary Parsons, president,
urges all members to be present,
this being the first meeting of the
group this quarter.
Mary-K. Morris, president of the
A.W.S., and Jeanne Millard, A.W.S.
secretary, will be guests of honor.
Evelyn Schilling, who is in charge
of the entertainment, announces that
refreshments will be served.
