# State Control of Private Schools Urged by Almack
## 
### 
"We should enact two laws, one to
allow those desirous of conducting
private schools to obtain a permit
from the state, and one to provide for
the inspection and supervision of pri
vate schools," said Professor John C.
Almack, of the Education department,
at the weekly schoolmen's luncheon
yesterday.
When we have blue sky laws gov
erning the formation of banks and
stock companies, there is no reason
why we should not have legislation to
control private schools, he declared.
In framing such legislation, Almack
said, we must leave a wide margin
between the requirements of the state
and the desires of the private school.
Copies of the special directory of
schoolmen attending this quarter were
distributed at the meeting, which was
in charge of the representatives from
Arizona, Oregon, and Washington.
Harvey E. Inlow, superintendent of
schools, Forest Grove, Oregon, acted
as chairman. Three-minute speeches
were given by C. Paine Shangle of
Washington, Lloyd W. Turnbull of
Oregon, and Edward F. Honn of Ari
zona.
