# Geology Journal Club to Hear Crickmay Tonight
## 
### 
C. H. Crickmay will speak on the sub
ject, "Some Remarks on the Geology of
the Harrison Lake District of British
Columbia," at the first meeting of the
Journal Club of the Geology department
to be held in Room 334 at 7:30 tonight.
The other speaker will be L. G. Hert
lein, who will have as his subject, "Re
marks on a Fauna from Lower Califor
nia." Professor J. P. Smith will have
chargc of the weekly program of the
Journal Club this quarter.
C. H. Crickmay will speak on the sub
ject, "Some Remarks on the Geology of
the Harrison Lake District of British
Columbia," at the first meeting of the
Journal Club of the Geology department
to be held in Room 334 at 7:30 tonight.
The other speaker will be L. G. Hert
lein, who will have as his subject, "Re
marks on a Fauna from Lower Califor
nia." Professor J. P. Smith will have
chargc of the weekly program of the
Journal Club this quarter.
C. H. Crickmay will speak on the sub
ject, "Some Remarks on the Geology of
the Harrison Lake District of British
Columbia," at the first meeting of the
Journal Club of the Geology department
to be held in Room 334 at 7:30 tonight.
The other speaker will be L. G. Hert
lein, who will have as his subject, "Re
marks on a Fauna from Lower Califor
nia." Professor J. P. Smith will have
chargc of the weekly program of the
Journal Club this quarter.
C. H. Crickmay will speak on the sub
ject, "Some Remarks on the Geology of
the Harrison Lake District of British
Columbia," at the first meeting of the
Journal Club of the Geology department
to be held in Room 334 at 7:30 tonight.
The other speaker will be L. G. Hert
lein, who will have as his subject, "Re
marks on a Fauna from Lower Califor
nia." Professor J. P. Smith will have
chargc of the weekly program of the
Journal Club this quarter.
C. H. Crickmay will speak on the sub
ject, "Some Remarks on the Geology of
the Harrison Lake District of British
Columbia," at the first meeting of the
Journal Club of the Geology department
to be held in Room 334 at 7:30 tonight.
The other speaker will be L. G. Hert
lein, who will have as his subject, "Re
marks on a Fauna from Lower Califor
nia." Professor J. P. Smith will have
chargc of the weekly program of the
Journal Club this quarter.
C. H. Crickmay will speak on the sub
ject, "Some Remarks on the Geology of
the Harrison Lake District of British
Columbia," at the first meeting of the
Journal Club of the Geology department
to be held in Room 334 at 7:30 tonight.
The other speaker will be L. G. Hert
lein, who will have as his subject, "Re
marks on a Fauna from Lower Califor
nia." Professor J. P. Smith will have
chargc of the weekly program of the
Journal Club this quarter.
C. H. Crickmay will speak on the sub
ject, "Some Remarks on the Geology of
the Harrison Lake District of British
Columbia," at the first meeting of the
Journal Club of the Geology department
to be held in Room 334 at 7:30 tonight.
The other speaker will be L. G. Hert
lein, who will have as his subject, "Re
marks on a Fauna from Lower Califor
nia." Professor J. P. Smith will have
chargc of the weekly program of the
Journal Club this quarter.
C. H. Crickmay will speak on the sub
ject, "Some Remarks on the Geology of
the Harrison Lake District of British
Columbia," at the first meeting of the
Journal Club of the Geology department
to be held in Room 334 at 7:30 tonight.
The other speaker will be L. G. Hert
lein, who will have as his subject, "Re
marks on a Fauna from Lower Califor
nia." Professor J. P. Smith will have
chargc of the weekly program of the
Journal Club this quarter.
C. H. Crickmay will speak on the sub
ject, "Some Remarks on the Geology of
the Harrison Lake District of British
Columbia," at the first meeting of the
Journal Club of the Geology department
to be held in Room 334 at 7:30 tonight.
The other speaker will be L. G. Hert
lein, who will have as his subject, "Re
marks on a Fauna from Lower Califor
nia." Professor J. P. Smith will have
chargc of the weekly program of the
Journal Club this quarter.
C. H. Crickmay will speak on the sub
ject, "Some Remarks on the Geology of
the Harrison Lake District of British
Columbia," at the first meeting of the
Journal Club of the Geology department
to be held in Room 334 at 7:30 tonight.
The other speaker will be L. G. Hert
lein, who will have as his subject, "Re
marks on a Fauna from Lower Califor
nia." Professor J. P. Smith will have
chargc of the weekly program of the
Journal Club this quarter.
C. H. Crickmay will speak on the sub
ject, "Some Remarks on the Geology of
the Harrison Lake District of British
Columbia," at the first meeting of the
Journal Club of the Geology department
to be held in Room 334 at 7:30 tonight.
The other speaker will be L. G. Hert
lein, who will have as his subject, "Re
marks on a Fauna from Lower Califor
nia." Professor J. P. Smith will have
chargc of the weekly program of the
Journal Club this quarter.
C. H. Crickmay will speak on the sub
ject, "Some Remarks on the Geology of
the Harrison Lake District of British
Columbia," at the first meeting of the
Journal Club of the Geology department
to be held in Room 334 at 7:30 tonight.
The other speaker will be L. G. Hert
lein, who will have as his subject, "Re
marks on a Fauna from Lower Califor
nia." Professor J. P. Smith will have
chargc of the weekly program of the
Journal Club this quarter.
C. H. Crickmay will speak on the sub
ject, "Some Remarks on the Geology of
the Harrison Lake District of British
Columbia," at the first meeting of the
Journal Club of the Geology department
to be held in Room 334 at 7:30 tonight.
The other speaker will be L. G. Hert
lein, who will have as his subject, "Re
marks on a Fauna from Lower Califor
nia." Professor J. P. Smith will have
chargc of the weekly program of the
Journal Club this quarter.
C. H. Crickmay will speak on the sub
ject, "Some Remarks on the Geology of
the Harrison Lake District of British
Columbia," at the first meeting of the
Journal Club of the Geology department
to be held in Room 334 at 7:30 tonight.
The other speaker will be L. G. Hert
lein, who will have as his subject, "Re
marks on a Fauna from Lower Califor
nia." Professor J. P. Smith will have
chargc of the weekly program of the
Journal Club this quarter.
C. H. Crickmay will speak on the sub
ject, "Some Remarks on the Geology of
the Harrison Lake District of British
Columbia," at the first meeting of the
Journal Club of the Geology department
to be held in Room 334 at 7:30 tonight.
The other speaker will be L. G. Hert
lein, who will have as his subject, "Re
marks on a Fauna from Lower Califor
nia." Professor J. P. Smith will have
chargc of the weekly program of the
Journal Club this quarter.
