# NOTICE
## 
### 
The Ladies' Equitation Class for
members of the faculty will be held
this quarter at 9:30 on Tuesdays and
Thursdays.
The Ladies' Equitation Class for
members of the faculty will be held
this quarter at 9:30 on Tuesdays and
Thursdays.
The Ladies' Equitation Class for
members of the faculty will be held
this quarter at 9:30 on Tuesdays and
Thursdays.
The Ladies' Equitation Class for
members of the faculty will be held
this quarter at 9:30 on Tuesdays and
Thursdays.
The Ladies' Equitation Class for
members of the faculty will be held
this quarter at 9:30 on Tuesdays and
Thursdays.
The Ladies' Equitation Class for
members of the faculty will be held
this quarter at 9:30 on Tuesdays and
Thursdays.
The Ladies' Equitation Class for
members of the faculty will be held
this quarter at 9:30 on Tuesdays and
Thursdays.
The Ladies' Equitation Class for
members of the faculty will be held
this quarter at 9:30 on Tuesdays and
Thursdays.
The Ladies' Equitation Class for
members of the faculty will be held
this quarter at 9:30 on Tuesdays and
Thursdays.
The Ladies' Equitation Class for
members of the faculty will be held
this quarter at 9:30 on Tuesdays and
Thursdays.
The Ladies' Equitation Class for
members of the faculty will be held
this quarter at 9:30 on Tuesdays and
Thursdays.
The Ladies' Equitation Class for
members of the faculty will be held
this quarter at 9:30 on Tuesdays and
Thursdays.
The Ladies' Equitation Class for
members of the faculty will be held
this quarter at 9:30 on Tuesdays and
Thursdays.
The Ladies' Equitation Class for
members of the faculty will be held
this quarter at 9:30 on Tuesdays and
Thursdays.
The Ladies' Equitation Class for
members of the faculty will be held
this quarter at 9:30 on Tuesdays and
Thursdays.
