# THE 						AISLE SEAT
## 
### 
"Christine of the Hungry Heart" at the
Varsity.
Immediately after we had seen this
play, we wondered why it had been
produced. Failing to light upon any
good reason, even after a careful sur
vey, we arrived at the conclusion that
there must have been a moral to it.
Some vital problem had been settled.
That MUST have been it. That is al
ways the excuse for plays which are
otherwise unjustifiable. The conclu
sion we drew from this one is that
work, in any form, is absolutely fatal
to marital happiness. This vindication
of indolence, in the parlance of Vanity
Fair, "strikes an ENTIRELY new
note." The trouble is that you simply
don't believe it.
In the course of the play, Florence
Vidor, as Christine, 'has excruciating
affairs with three men, two of whom
are husbands. (This is really not as
bad as you think, because, thanks to
Will Hays, Christine suffers the deep
est sort of repentance for this third
affair). Anyway, in each case the hap
less young lady finds that husbands
and the like have no time for her.
They must do their work. One of these
men is a doctor, one a poet, and a
third a professional alcoholic. It
strikes us that the love these boys
have for their toil isn't normal.
You simply don't follow the plot.
Things happen which just would not
happen. The crowning event in this
line is an automobile smashup which
occurs on Ninth and Alva: ado in Los
Angeles. Hardly has the dust settled
down, when a policeman rushes to the
scene. Now that just isn't sticking to
facts. We live in Los Angeles, and
we know..
we know. —S. O'D.
"Christine of the Hungry Heart" at the
Varsity.
Immediately after we had seen this
play, we wondered why it had been
produced. Failing to light upon any
good reason, even after a careful sur
vey, we arrived at the conclusion that
there must have been a moral to it.
Some vital problem had been settled.
That MUST have been it. That is al
ways the excuse for plays which are
otherwise unjustifiable. The conclu
sion we drew from this one is that
work, in any form, is absolutely fatal
to marital happiness. This vindication
of indolence, in the parlance of Vanity
Fair, "strikes an ENTIRELY new
note." The trouble is that you simply
don't believe it.
In the course of the play, Florence
Vidor, as Christine, 'has excruciating
affairs with three men, two of whom
are husbands. (This is really not as
bad as you think, because, thanks to
Will Hays, Christine suffers the deep
est sort of repentance for this third
affair). Anyway, in each case the hap
less young lady finds that husbands
and the like have no time for her.
They must do their work. One of these
men is a doctor, one a poet, and a
third a professional alcoholic. It
strikes us that the love these boys
have for their toil isn't normal.
You simply don't follow the plot.
Things happen which just would not
happen. The crowning event in this
line is an automobile smashup which
occurs on Ninth and Alva: ado in Los
Angeles. Hardly has the dust settled
down, when a policeman rushes to the
scene. Now that just isn't sticking to
facts. We live in Los Angeles, and
we know..
we know. —S. O'D.
"Christine of the Hungry Heart" at the
Varsity.
Immediately after we had seen this
play, we wondered why it had been
produced. Failing to light upon any
good reason, even after a careful sur
vey, we arrived at the conclusion that
there must have been a moral to it.
Some vital problem had been settled.
That MUST have been it. That is al
ways the excuse for plays which are
otherwise unjustifiable. The conclu
sion we drew from this one is that
work, in any form, is absolutely fatal
to marital happiness. This vindication
of indolence, in the parlance of Vanity
Fair, "strikes an ENTIRELY new
note." The trouble is that you simply
don't believe it.
In the course of the play, Florence
Vidor, as Christine, 'has excruciating
affairs with three men, two of whom
are husbands. (This is really not as
bad as you think, because, thanks to
Will Hays, Christine suffers the deep
est sort of repentance for this third
affair). Anyway, in each case the hap
less young lady finds that husbands
and the like have no time for her.
They must do their work. One of these
men is a doctor, one a poet, and a
third a professional alcoholic. It
strikes us that the love these boys
have for their toil isn't normal.
You simply don't follow the plot.
Things happen which just would not
happen. The crowning event in this
line is an automobile smashup which
occurs on Ninth and Alva: ado in Los
Angeles. Hardly has the dust settled
down, when a policeman rushes to the
scene. Now that just isn't sticking to
facts. We live in Los Angeles, and
we know..
we know. —S. O'D.
"Christine of the Hungry Heart" at the
Varsity.
Immediately after we had seen this
play, we wondered why it had been
produced. Failing to light upon any
good reason, even after a careful sur
vey, we arrived at the conclusion that
there must have been a moral to it.
Some vital problem had been settled.
That MUST have been it. That is al
ways the excuse for plays which are
otherwise unjustifiable. The conclu
sion we drew from this one is that
work, in any form, is absolutely fatal
to marital happiness. This vindication
of indolence, in the parlance of Vanity
Fair, "strikes an ENTIRELY new
note." The trouble is that you simply
don't believe it.
In the course of the play, Florence
Vidor, as Christine, 'has excruciating
affairs with three men, two of whom
are husbands. (This is really not as
bad as you think, because, thanks to
Will Hays, Christine suffers the deep
est sort of repentance for this third
affair). Anyway, in each case the hap
less young lady finds that husbands
and the like have no time for her.
They must do their work. One of these
men is a doctor, one a poet, and a
third a professional alcoholic. It
strikes us that the love these boys
have for their toil isn't normal.
You simply don't follow the plot.
Things happen which just would not
happen. The crowning event in this
line is an automobile smashup which
occurs on Ninth and Alva: ado in Los
Angeles. Hardly has the dust settled
down, when a policeman rushes to the
scene. Now that just isn't sticking to
facts. We live in Los Angeles, and
we know..
we know. —S. O'D.
"Christine of the Hungry Heart" at the
Varsity.
Immediately after we had seen this
play, we wondered why it had been
produced. Failing to light upon any
good reason, even after a careful sur
vey, we arrived at the conclusion that
there must have been a moral to it.
Some vital problem had been settled.
That MUST have been it. That is al
ways the excuse for plays which are
otherwise unjustifiable. The conclu
sion we drew from this one is that
work, in any form, is absolutely fatal
to marital happiness. This vindication
of indolence, in the parlance of Vanity
Fair, "strikes an ENTIRELY new
note." The trouble is that you simply
don't believe it.
In the course of the play, Florence
Vidor, as Christine, 'has excruciating
affairs with three men, two of whom
are husbands. (This is really not as
bad as you think, because, thanks to
Will Hays, Christine suffers the deep
est sort of repentance for this third
affair). Anyway, in each case the hap
less young lady finds that husbands
and the like have no time for her.
They must do their work. One of these
men is a doctor, one a poet, and a
third a professional alcoholic. It
strikes us that the love these boys
have for their toil isn't normal.
You simply don't follow the plot.
Things happen which just would not
happen. The crowning event in this
line is an automobile smashup which
occurs on Ninth and Alva: ado in Los
Angeles. Hardly has the dust settled
down, when a policeman rushes to the
scene. Now that just isn't sticking to
facts. We live in Los Angeles, and
we know..
we know. —S. O'D.
"Christine of the Hungry Heart" at the
Varsity.
Immediately after we had seen this
play, we wondered why it had been
produced. Failing to light upon any
good reason, even after a careful sur
vey, we arrived at the conclusion that
there must have been a moral to it.
Some vital problem had been settled.
That MUST have been it. That is al
ways the excuse for plays which are
otherwise unjustifiable. The conclu
sion we drew from this one is that
work, in any form, is absolutely fatal
to marital happiness. This vindication
of indolence, in the parlance of Vanity
Fair, "strikes an ENTIRELY new
note." The trouble is that you simply
don't believe it.
In the course of the play, Florence
Vidor, as Christine, 'has excruciating
affairs with three men, two of whom
are husbands. (This is really not as
bad as you think, because, thanks to
Will Hays, Christine suffers the deep
est sort of repentance for this third
affair). Anyway, in each case the hap
less young lady finds that husbands
and the like have no time for her.
They must do their work. One of these
men is a doctor, one a poet, and a
third a professional alcoholic. It
strikes us that the love these boys
have for their toil isn't normal.
You simply don't follow the plot.
Things happen which just would not
happen. The crowning event in this
line is an automobile smashup which
occurs on Ninth and Alva: ado in Los
Angeles. Hardly has the dust settled
down, when a policeman rushes to the
scene. Now that just isn't sticking to
facts. We live in Los Angeles, and
we know..
we know. —S. O'D.
"Christine of the Hungry Heart" at the
Varsity.
Immediately after we had seen this
play, we wondered why it had been
produced. Failing to light upon any
good reason, even after a careful sur
vey, we arrived at the conclusion that
there must have been a moral to it.
Some vital problem had been settled.
That MUST have been it. That is al
ways the excuse for plays which are
otherwise unjustifiable. The conclu
sion we drew from this one is that
work, in any form, is absolutely fatal
to marital happiness. This vindication
of indolence, in the parlance of Vanity
Fair, "strikes an ENTIRELY new
note." The trouble is that you simply
don't believe it.
In the course of the play, Florence
Vidor, as Christine, 'has excruciating
affairs with three men, two of whom
are husbands. (This is really not as
bad as you think, because, thanks to
Will Hays, Christine suffers the deep
est sort of repentance for this third
affair). Anyway, in each case the hap
less young lady finds that husbands
and the like have no time for her.
They must do their work. One of these
men is a doctor, one a poet, and a
third a professional alcoholic. It
strikes us that the love these boys
have for their toil isn't normal.
You simply don't follow the plot.
Things happen which just would not
happen. The crowning event in this
line is an automobile smashup which
occurs on Ninth and Alva: ado in Los
Angeles. Hardly has the dust settled
down, when a policeman rushes to the
scene. Now that just isn't sticking to
facts. We live in Los Angeles, and
we know..
we know. —S. O'D.
"Christine of the Hungry Heart" at the
Varsity.
Immediately after we had seen this
play, we wondered why it had been
produced. Failing to light upon any
good reason, even after a careful sur
vey, we arrived at the conclusion that
there must have been a moral to it.
Some vital problem had been settled.
That MUST have been it. That is al
ways the excuse for plays which are
otherwise unjustifiable. The conclu
sion we drew from this one is that
work, in any form, is absolutely fatal
to marital happiness. This vindication
of indolence, in the parlance of Vanity
Fair, "strikes an ENTIRELY new
note." The trouble is that you simply
don't believe it.
In the course of the play, Florence
Vidor, as Christine, 'has excruciating
affairs with three men, two of whom
are husbands. (This is really not as
bad as you think, because, thanks to
Will Hays, Christine suffers the deep
est sort of repentance for this third
affair). Anyway, in each case the hap
less young lady finds that husbands
and the like have no time for her.
They must do their work. One of these
men is a doctor, one a poet, and a
third a professional alcoholic. It
strikes us that the love these boys
have for their toil isn't normal.
You simply don't follow the plot.
Things happen which just would not
happen. The crowning event in this
line is an automobile smashup which
occurs on Ninth and Alva: ado in Los
Angeles. Hardly has the dust settled
down, when a policeman rushes to the
scene. Now that just isn't sticking to
facts. We live in Los Angeles, and
we know..
we know. —S. O'D.
"Christine of the Hungry Heart" at the
Varsity.
Immediately after we had seen this
play, we wondered why it had been
produced. Failing to light upon any
good reason, even after a careful sur
vey, we arrived at the conclusion that
there must have been a moral to it.
Some vital problem had been settled.
That MUST have been it. That is al
ways the excuse for plays which are
otherwise unjustifiable. The conclu
sion we drew from this one is that
work, in any form, is absolutely fatal
to marital happiness. This vindication
of indolence, in the parlance of Vanity
Fair, "strikes an ENTIRELY new
note." The trouble is that you simply
don't believe it.
In the course of the play, Florence
Vidor, as Christine, 'has excruciating
affairs with three men, two of whom
are husbands. (This is really not as
bad as you think, because, thanks to
Will Hays, Christine suffers the deep
est sort of repentance for this third
affair). Anyway, in each case the hap
less young lady finds that husbands
and the like have no time for her.
They must do their work. One of these
men is a doctor, one a poet, and a
third a professional alcoholic. It
strikes us that the love these boys
have for their toil isn't normal.
You simply don't follow the plot.
Things happen which just would not
happen. The crowning event in this
line is an automobile smashup which
occurs on Ninth and Alva: ado in Los
Angeles. Hardly has the dust settled
down, when a policeman rushes to the
scene. Now that just isn't sticking to
facts. We live in Los Angeles, and
we know..
we know. —S. O'D.
"Christine of the Hungry Heart" at the
Varsity.
Immediately after we had seen this
play, we wondered why it had been
produced. Failing to light upon any
good reason, even after a careful sur
vey, we arrived at the conclusion that
there must have been a moral to it.
Some vital problem had been settled.
That MUST have been it. That is al
ways the excuse for plays which are
otherwise unjustifiable. The conclu
sion we drew from this one is that
work, in any form, is absolutely fatal
to marital happiness. This vindication
of indolence, in the parlance of Vanity
Fair, "strikes an ENTIRELY new
note." The trouble is that you simply
don't believe it.
In the course of the play, Florence
Vidor, as Christine, 'has excruciating
affairs with three men, two of whom
are husbands. (This is really not as
bad as you think, because, thanks to
Will Hays, Christine suffers the deep
est sort of repentance for this third
affair). Anyway, in each case the hap
less young lady finds that husbands
and the like have no time for her.
They must do their work. One of these
men is a doctor, one a poet, and a
third a professional alcoholic. It
strikes us that the love these boys
have for their toil isn't normal.
You simply don't follow the plot.
Things happen which just would not
happen. The crowning event in this
line is an automobile smashup which
occurs on Ninth and Alva: ado in Los
Angeles. Hardly has the dust settled
down, when a policeman rushes to the
scene. Now that just isn't sticking to
facts. We live in Los Angeles, and
we know..
we know. —S. O'D.
"Christine of the Hungry Heart" at the
Varsity.
Immediately after we had seen this
play, we wondered why it had been
produced. Failing to light upon any
good reason, even after a careful sur
vey, we arrived at the conclusion that
there must have been a moral to it.
Some vital problem had been settled.
That MUST have been it. That is al
ways the excuse for plays which are
otherwise unjustifiable. The conclu
sion we drew from this one is that
work, in any form, is absolutely fatal
to marital happiness. This vindication
of indolence, in the parlance of Vanity
Fair, "strikes an ENTIRELY new
note." The trouble is that you simply
don't believe it.
In the course of the play, Florence
Vidor, as Christine, 'has excruciating
affairs with three men, two of whom
are husbands. (This is really not as
bad as you think, because, thanks to
Will Hays, Christine suffers the deep
est sort of repentance for this third
affair). Anyway, in each case the hap
less young lady finds that husbands
and the like have no time for her.
They must do their work. One of these
men is a doctor, one a poet, and a
third a professional alcoholic. It
strikes us that the love these boys
have for their toil isn't normal.
You simply don't follow the plot.
Things happen which just would not
happen. The crowning event in this
line is an automobile smashup which
occurs on Ninth and Alva: ado in Los
Angeles. Hardly has the dust settled
down, when a policeman rushes to the
scene. Now that just isn't sticking to
facts. We live in Los Angeles, and
we know..
we know. —S. O'D.
"Christine of the Hungry Heart" at the
Varsity.
Immediately after we had seen this
play, we wondered why it had been
produced. Failing to light upon any
good reason, even after a careful sur
vey, we arrived at the conclusion that
there must have been a moral to it.
Some vital problem had been settled.
That MUST have been it. That is al
ways the excuse for plays which are
otherwise unjustifiable. The conclu
sion we drew from this one is that
work, in any form, is absolutely fatal
to marital happiness. This vindication
of indolence, in the parlance of Vanity
Fair, "strikes an ENTIRELY new
note." The trouble is that you simply
don't believe it.
In the course of the play, Florence
Vidor, as Christine, 'has excruciating
affairs with three men, two of whom
are husbands. (This is really not as
bad as you think, because, thanks to
Will Hays, Christine suffers the deep
est sort of repentance for this third
affair). Anyway, in each case the hap
less young lady finds that husbands
and the like have no time for her.
They must do their work. One of these
men is a doctor, one a poet, and a
third a professional alcoholic. It
strikes us that the love these boys
have for their toil isn't normal.
You simply don't follow the plot.
Things happen which just would not
happen. The crowning event in this
line is an automobile smashup which
occurs on Ninth and Alva: ado in Los
Angeles. Hardly has the dust settled
down, when a policeman rushes to the
scene. Now that just isn't sticking to
facts. We live in Los Angeles, and
we know..
we know. —S. O'D.
"Christine of the Hungry Heart" at the
Varsity.
Immediately after we had seen this
play, we wondered why it had been
produced. Failing to light upon any
good reason, even after a careful sur
vey, we arrived at the conclusion that
there must have been a moral to it.
Some vital problem had been settled.
That MUST have been it. That is al
ways the excuse for plays which are
otherwise unjustifiable. The conclu
sion we drew from this one is that
work, in any form, is absolutely fatal
to marital happiness. This vindication
of indolence, in the parlance of Vanity
Fair, "strikes an ENTIRELY new
note." The trouble is that you simply
don't believe it.
In the course of the play, Florence
Vidor, as Christine, 'has excruciating
affairs with three men, two of whom
are husbands. (This is really not as
bad as you think, because, thanks to
Will Hays, Christine suffers the deep
est sort of repentance for this third
affair). Anyway, in each case the hap
less young lady finds that husbands
and the like have no time for her.
They must do their work. One of these
men is a doctor, one a poet, and a
third a professional alcoholic. It
strikes us that the love these boys
have for their toil isn't normal.
You simply don't follow the plot.
Things happen which just would not
happen. The crowning event in this
line is an automobile smashup which
occurs on Ninth and Alva: ado in Los
Angeles. Hardly has the dust settled
down, when a policeman rushes to the
scene. Now that just isn't sticking to
facts. We live in Los Angeles, and
we know..
we know. —S. O'D.
"Christine of the Hungry Heart" at the
Varsity.
Immediately after we had seen this
play, we wondered why it had been
produced. Failing to light upon any
good reason, even after a careful sur
vey, we arrived at the conclusion that
there must have been a moral to it.
Some vital problem had been settled.
That MUST have been it. That is al
ways the excuse for plays which are
otherwise unjustifiable. The conclu
sion we drew from this one is that
work, in any form, is absolutely fatal
to marital happiness. This vindication
of indolence, in the parlance of Vanity
Fair, "strikes an ENTIRELY new
note." The trouble is that you simply
don't believe it.
In the course of the play, Florence
Vidor, as Christine, 'has excruciating
affairs with three men, two of whom
are husbands. (This is really not as
bad as you think, because, thanks to
Will Hays, Christine suffers the deep
est sort of repentance for this third
affair). Anyway, in each case the hap
less young lady finds that husbands
and the like have no time for her.
They must do their work. One of these
men is a doctor, one a poet, and a
third a professional alcoholic. It
strikes us that the love these boys
have for their toil isn't normal.
You simply don't follow the plot.
Things happen which just would not
happen. The crowning event in this
line is an automobile smashup which
occurs on Ninth and Alva: ado in Los
Angeles. Hardly has the dust settled
down, when a policeman rushes to the
scene. Now that just isn't sticking to
facts. We live in Los Angeles, and
we know..
we know. —S. O'D.
"Christine of the Hungry Heart" at the
Varsity.
Immediately after we had seen this
play, we wondered why it had been
produced. Failing to light upon any
good reason, even after a careful sur
vey, we arrived at the conclusion that
there must have been a moral to it.
Some vital problem had been settled.
That MUST have been it. That is al
ways the excuse for plays which are
otherwise unjustifiable. The conclu
sion we drew from this one is that
work, in any form, is absolutely fatal
to marital happiness. This vindication
of indolence, in the parlance of Vanity
Fair, "strikes an ENTIRELY new
note." The trouble is that you simply
don't believe it.
In the course of the play, Florence
Vidor, as Christine, 'has excruciating
affairs with three men, two of whom
are husbands. (This is really not as
bad as you think, because, thanks to
Will Hays, Christine suffers the deep
est sort of repentance for this third
affair). Anyway, in each case the hap
less young lady finds that husbands
and the like have no time for her.
They must do their work. One of these
men is a doctor, one a poet, and a
third a professional alcoholic. It
strikes us that the love these boys
have for their toil isn't normal.
You simply don't follow the plot.
Things happen which just would not
happen. The crowning event in this
line is an automobile smashup which
occurs on Ninth and Alva: ado in Los
Angeles. Hardly has the dust settled
down, when a policeman rushes to the
scene. Now that just isn't sticking to
facts. We live in Los Angeles, and
we know..
we know. —S. O'D.
