# Untitled Article
## 
### 
22 members of this year's Stan
ford football team are majoring
in Engineering.
22 members of this year's Stan
ford football team are majoring
in Engineering.
22 members of this year's Stan
ford football team are majoring
in Engineering.
22 members of this year's Stan
ford football team are majoring
in Engineering.
22 members of this year's Stan
ford football team are majoring
in Engineering.
22 members of this year's Stan
ford football team are majoring
in Engineering.
22 members of this year's Stan
ford football team are majoring
in Engineering.
22 members of this year's Stan
ford football team are majoring
in Engineering.
22 members of this year's Stan
ford football team are majoring
in Engineering.
22 members of this year's Stan
ford football team are majoring
in Engineering.
22 members of this year's Stan
ford football team are majoring
in Engineering.
22 members of this year's Stan
ford football team are majoring
in Engineering.
22 members of this year's Stan
ford football team are majoring
in Engineering.
22 members of this year's Stan
ford football team are majoring
in Engineering.
22 members of this year's Stan
ford football team are majoring
in Engineering.
22 members of this year's Stan
ford football team are majoring
in Engineering.
22 members of this year's Stan
ford football team are majoring
in Engineering.
22 members of this year's Stan
ford football team are majoring
in Engineering.
