# Deaths Reported
## 
### 
ALGIERS </P) French forces
killed or captured 519 rebels in
skirmishes in the week ending
Oct. 25, French army headquar
ters said Tuesday. French forces
lost 42 killed.
ALGIERS </P) French forces
killed or captured 519 rebels in
skirmishes in the week ending
Oct. 25, French army headquar
ters said Tuesday. French forces
lost 42 killed.
ALGIERS </P) French forces
killed or captured 519 rebels in
skirmishes in the week ending
Oct. 25, French army headquar
ters said Tuesday. French forces
lost 42 killed.
ALGIERS </P) French forces
killed or captured 519 rebels in
skirmishes in the week ending
Oct. 25, French army headquar
ters said Tuesday. French forces
lost 42 killed.
ALGIERS </P) French forces
killed or captured 519 rebels in
skirmishes in the week ending
Oct. 25, French army headquar
ters said Tuesday. French forces
lost 42 killed.
ALGIERS </P) French forces
killed or captured 519 rebels in
skirmishes in the week ending
Oct. 25, French army headquar
ters said Tuesday. French forces
lost 42 killed.
ALGIERS </P) French forces
killed or captured 519 rebels in
skirmishes in the week ending
Oct. 25, French army headquar
ters said Tuesday. French forces
lost 42 killed.
ALGIERS </P) French forces
killed or captured 519 rebels in
skirmishes in the week ending
Oct. 25, French army headquar
ters said Tuesday. French forces
lost 42 killed.
ALGIERS </P) French forces
killed or captured 519 rebels in
skirmishes in the week ending
Oct. 25, French army headquar
ters said Tuesday. French forces
lost 42 killed.
ALGIERS </P) French forces
killed or captured 519 rebels in
skirmishes in the week ending
Oct. 25, French army headquar
ters said Tuesday. French forces
lost 42 killed.
ALGIERS </P) French forces
killed or captured 519 rebels in
skirmishes in the week ending
Oct. 25, French army headquar
ters said Tuesday. French forces
lost 42 killed.
ALGIERS </P) French forces
killed or captured 519 rebels in
skirmishes in the week ending
Oct. 25, French army headquar
ters said Tuesday. French forces
lost 42 killed.
ALGIERS </P) French forces
killed or captured 519 rebels in
skirmishes in the week ending
Oct. 25, French army headquar
ters said Tuesday. French forces
lost 42 killed.
ALGIERS </P) French forces
killed or captured 519 rebels in
skirmishes in the week ending
Oct. 25, French army headquar
ters said Tuesday. French forces
lost 42 killed.
ALGIERS </P) French forces
killed or captured 519 rebels in
skirmishes in the week ending
Oct. 25, French army headquar
ters said Tuesday. French forces
lost 42 killed.
ALGIERS </P) French forces
killed or captured 519 rebels in
skirmishes in the week ending
Oct. 25, French army headquar
ters said Tuesday. French forces
lost 42 killed.
ALGIERS </P) French forces
killed or captured 519 rebels in
skirmishes in the week ending
Oct. 25, French army headquar
ters said Tuesday. French forces
lost 42 killed.
ALGIERS </P) French forces
killed or captured 519 rebels in
skirmishes in the week ending
Oct. 25, French army headquar
ters said Tuesday. French forces
lost 42 killed.
