# Hawaiian Tour Credit Offered
## 
### 
Sacramento State College is of
fering a two-unit course enlitled
"Hawaiian Industry Tour" this
Christmas. The course includes a
visit to three major Hawaiian is
lands and lectures at the Univer
sity of Hawaii.
The class will begin with pre
orientation at the Sacramento
campus, Saturday morning, Dec.
19, followed by departure from
the Sacramento Airport. The
group will tour Hilo on the island
of Hawaii and Honolulu on Oahu.
There will be lectures on the in
dustry and geology of Hawaii at
the University of Hawaii.
The full price will be $435. For
further information contact Dr.
L. Paul Saettler, Coordinator of
Travel, Sacramento State Col
lege. 6000 J St., Sacramento 19.
Sacramento State College is of
fering a two-unit course enlitled
"Hawaiian Industry Tour" this
Christmas. The course includes a
visit to three major Hawaiian is
lands and lectures at the Univer
sity of Hawaii.
The class will begin with pre
orientation at the Sacramento
campus, Saturday morning, Dec.
19, followed by departure from
the Sacramento Airport. The
group will tour Hilo on the island
of Hawaii and Honolulu on Oahu.
There will be lectures on the in
dustry and geology of Hawaii at
the University of Hawaii.
The full price will be $435. For
further information contact Dr.
L. Paul Saettler, Coordinator of
Travel, Sacramento State Col
lege. 6000 J St., Sacramento 19.
Sacramento State College is of
fering a two-unit course enlitled
"Hawaiian Industry Tour" this
Christmas. The course includes a
visit to three major Hawaiian is
lands and lectures at the Univer
sity of Hawaii.
The class will begin with pre
orientation at the Sacramento
campus, Saturday morning, Dec.
19, followed by departure from
the Sacramento Airport. The
group will tour Hilo on the island
of Hawaii and Honolulu on Oahu.
There will be lectures on the in
dustry and geology of Hawaii at
the University of Hawaii.
The full price will be $435. For
further information contact Dr.
L. Paul Saettler, Coordinator of
Travel, Sacramento State Col
lege. 6000 J St., Sacramento 19.
Sacramento State College is of
fering a two-unit course enlitled
"Hawaiian Industry Tour" this
Christmas. The course includes a
visit to three major Hawaiian is
lands and lectures at the Univer
sity of Hawaii.
The class will begin with pre
orientation at the Sacramento
campus, Saturday morning, Dec.
19, followed by departure from
the Sacramento Airport. The
group will tour Hilo on the island
of Hawaii and Honolulu on Oahu.
There will be lectures on the in
dustry and geology of Hawaii at
the University of Hawaii.
The full price will be $435. For
further information contact Dr.
L. Paul Saettler, Coordinator of
Travel, Sacramento State Col
lege. 6000 J St., Sacramento 19.
Sacramento State College is of
fering a two-unit course enlitled
"Hawaiian Industry Tour" this
Christmas. The course includes a
visit to three major Hawaiian is
lands and lectures at the Univer
sity of Hawaii.
The class will begin with pre
orientation at the Sacramento
campus, Saturday morning, Dec.
19, followed by departure from
the Sacramento Airport. The
group will tour Hilo on the island
of Hawaii and Honolulu on Oahu.
There will be lectures on the in
dustry and geology of Hawaii at
the University of Hawaii.
The full price will be $435. For
further information contact Dr.
L. Paul Saettler, Coordinator of
Travel, Sacramento State Col
lege. 6000 J St., Sacramento 19.
Sacramento State College is of
fering a two-unit course enlitled
"Hawaiian Industry Tour" this
Christmas. The course includes a
visit to three major Hawaiian is
lands and lectures at the Univer
sity of Hawaii.
The class will begin with pre
orientation at the Sacramento
campus, Saturday morning, Dec.
19, followed by departure from
the Sacramento Airport. The
group will tour Hilo on the island
of Hawaii and Honolulu on Oahu.
There will be lectures on the in
dustry and geology of Hawaii at
the University of Hawaii.
The full price will be $435. For
further information contact Dr.
L. Paul Saettler, Coordinator of
Travel, Sacramento State Col
lege. 6000 J St., Sacramento 19.
Sacramento State College is of
fering a two-unit course enlitled
"Hawaiian Industry Tour" this
Christmas. The course includes a
visit to three major Hawaiian is
lands and lectures at the Univer
sity of Hawaii.
The class will begin with pre
orientation at the Sacramento
campus, Saturday morning, Dec.
19, followed by departure from
the Sacramento Airport. The
group will tour Hilo on the island
of Hawaii and Honolulu on Oahu.
There will be lectures on the in
dustry and geology of Hawaii at
the University of Hawaii.
The full price will be $435. For
further information contact Dr.
L. Paul Saettler, Coordinator of
Travel, Sacramento State Col
lege. 6000 J St., Sacramento 19.
Sacramento State College is of
fering a two-unit course enlitled
"Hawaiian Industry Tour" this
Christmas. The course includes a
visit to three major Hawaiian is
lands and lectures at the Univer
sity of Hawaii.
The class will begin with pre
orientation at the Sacramento
campus, Saturday morning, Dec.
19, followed by departure from
the Sacramento Airport. The
group will tour Hilo on the island
of Hawaii and Honolulu on Oahu.
There will be lectures on the in
dustry and geology of Hawaii at
the University of Hawaii.
The full price will be $435. For
further information contact Dr.
L. Paul Saettler, Coordinator of
Travel, Sacramento State Col
lege. 6000 J St., Sacramento 19.
Sacramento State College is of
fering a two-unit course enlitled
"Hawaiian Industry Tour" this
Christmas. The course includes a
visit to three major Hawaiian is
lands and lectures at the Univer
sity of Hawaii.
The class will begin with pre
orientation at the Sacramento
campus, Saturday morning, Dec.
19, followed by departure from
the Sacramento Airport. The
group will tour Hilo on the island
of Hawaii and Honolulu on Oahu.
There will be lectures on the in
dustry and geology of Hawaii at
the University of Hawaii.
The full price will be $435. For
further information contact Dr.
L. Paul Saettler, Coordinator of
Travel, Sacramento State Col
lege. 6000 J St., Sacramento 19.
Sacramento State College is of
fering a two-unit course enlitled
"Hawaiian Industry Tour" this
Christmas. The course includes a
visit to three major Hawaiian is
lands and lectures at the Univer
sity of Hawaii.
The class will begin with pre
orientation at the Sacramento
campus, Saturday morning, Dec.
19, followed by departure from
the Sacramento Airport. The
group will tour Hilo on the island
of Hawaii and Honolulu on Oahu.
There will be lectures on the in
dustry and geology of Hawaii at
the University of Hawaii.
The full price will be $435. For
further information contact Dr.
L. Paul Saettler, Coordinator of
Travel, Sacramento State Col
lege. 6000 J St., Sacramento 19.
Sacramento State College is of
fering a two-unit course enlitled
"Hawaiian Industry Tour" this
Christmas. The course includes a
visit to three major Hawaiian is
lands and lectures at the Univer
sity of Hawaii.
The class will begin with pre
orientation at the Sacramento
campus, Saturday morning, Dec.
19, followed by departure from
the Sacramento Airport. The
group will tour Hilo on the island
of Hawaii and Honolulu on Oahu.
There will be lectures on the in
dustry and geology of Hawaii at
the University of Hawaii.
The full price will be $435. For
further information contact Dr.
L. Paul Saettler, Coordinator of
Travel, Sacramento State Col
lege. 6000 J St., Sacramento 19.
Sacramento State College is of
fering a two-unit course enlitled
"Hawaiian Industry Tour" this
Christmas. The course includes a
visit to three major Hawaiian is
lands and lectures at the Univer
sity of Hawaii.
The class will begin with pre
orientation at the Sacramento
campus, Saturday morning, Dec.
19, followed by departure from
the Sacramento Airport. The
group will tour Hilo on the island
of Hawaii and Honolulu on Oahu.
There will be lectures on the in
dustry and geology of Hawaii at
the University of Hawaii.
The full price will be $435. For
further information contact Dr.
L. Paul Saettler, Coordinator of
Travel, Sacramento State Col
lege. 6000 J St., Sacramento 19.
Sacramento State College is of
fering a two-unit course enlitled
"Hawaiian Industry Tour" this
Christmas. The course includes a
visit to three major Hawaiian is
lands and lectures at the Univer
sity of Hawaii.
The class will begin with pre
orientation at the Sacramento
campus, Saturday morning, Dec.
19, followed by departure from
the Sacramento Airport. The
group will tour Hilo on the island
of Hawaii and Honolulu on Oahu.
There will be lectures on the in
dustry and geology of Hawaii at
the University of Hawaii.
The full price will be $435. For
further information contact Dr.
L. Paul Saettler, Coordinator of
Travel, Sacramento State Col
lege. 6000 J St., Sacramento 19.
Sacramento State College is of
fering a two-unit course enlitled
"Hawaiian Industry Tour" this
Christmas. The course includes a
visit to three major Hawaiian is
lands and lectures at the Univer
sity of Hawaii.
The class will begin with pre
orientation at the Sacramento
campus, Saturday morning, Dec.
19, followed by departure from
the Sacramento Airport. The
group will tour Hilo on the island
of Hawaii and Honolulu on Oahu.
There will be lectures on the in
dustry and geology of Hawaii at
the University of Hawaii.
The full price will be $435. For
further information contact Dr.
L. Paul Saettler, Coordinator of
Travel, Sacramento State Col
lege. 6000 J St., Sacramento 19.
Sacramento State College is of
fering a two-unit course enlitled
"Hawaiian Industry Tour" this
Christmas. The course includes a
visit to three major Hawaiian is
lands and lectures at the Univer
sity of Hawaii.
The class will begin with pre
orientation at the Sacramento
campus, Saturday morning, Dec.
19, followed by departure from
the Sacramento Airport. The
group will tour Hilo on the island
of Hawaii and Honolulu on Oahu.
There will be lectures on the in
dustry and geology of Hawaii at
the University of Hawaii.
The full price will be $435. For
further information contact Dr.
L. Paul Saettler, Coordinator of
Travel, Sacramento State Col
lege. 6000 J St., Sacramento 19.
Sacramento State College is of
fering a two-unit course enlitled
"Hawaiian Industry Tour" this
Christmas. The course includes a
visit to three major Hawaiian is
lands and lectures at the Univer
sity of Hawaii.
The class will begin with pre
orientation at the Sacramento
campus, Saturday morning, Dec.
19, followed by departure from
the Sacramento Airport. The
group will tour Hilo on the island
of Hawaii and Honolulu on Oahu.
There will be lectures on the in
dustry and geology of Hawaii at
the University of Hawaii.
The full price will be $435. For
further information contact Dr.
L. Paul Saettler, Coordinator of
Travel, Sacramento State Col
lege. 6000 J St., Sacramento 19.
Sacramento State College is of
fering a two-unit course enlitled
"Hawaiian Industry Tour" this
Christmas. The course includes a
visit to three major Hawaiian is
lands and lectures at the Univer
sity of Hawaii.
The class will begin with pre
orientation at the Sacramento
campus, Saturday morning, Dec.
19, followed by departure from
the Sacramento Airport. The
group will tour Hilo on the island
of Hawaii and Honolulu on Oahu.
There will be lectures on the in
dustry and geology of Hawaii at
the University of Hawaii.
The full price will be $435. For
further information contact Dr.
L. Paul Saettler, Coordinator of
Travel, Sacramento State Col
lege. 6000 J St., Sacramento 19.
Sacramento State College is of
fering a two-unit course enlitled
"Hawaiian Industry Tour" this
Christmas. The course includes a
visit to three major Hawaiian is
lands and lectures at the Univer
sity of Hawaii.
The class will begin with pre
orientation at the Sacramento
campus, Saturday morning, Dec.
19, followed by departure from
the Sacramento Airport. The
group will tour Hilo on the island
of Hawaii and Honolulu on Oahu.
There will be lectures on the in
dustry and geology of Hawaii at
the University of Hawaii.
The full price will be $435. For
further information contact Dr.
L. Paul Saettler, Coordinator of
Travel, Sacramento State Col
lege. 6000 J St., Sacramento 19.
