# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The policy of the"Daily Palo Alto"
has been defined so often and so well
by the preceding editors of the paper,
that a further repetition of it seems
almost useless, although custom has
rendered it necessary. In the news
field the"Daily" will endeavor to
maintain the standards of the past,
and if possible, to better them. The
history of the University from day to
day will be covered as fully and as
interestingly as possible. Editorially
the paper will stand for what it be
lieves to be the best interests of a
majority of the student body. The
"Daily Palo Alto" is published by the
Associated Students of Stanford Uni
versity, and it is clearly the function
of its editorial columns to stand for
the wishes and needs of that organi
zation.
