# Vendors Needed
## 
### 
As long as the San Francisco
papers are not publishing, The
Daily will publish national and
international news and distrib
ute off-campus.
If you want to make a 100 per
oent profit on your investment,
buy The Daily in bulk for five
cents a copy, and sell it on the
peninsula and in the city for ten
cents.
We will buy back any unsold
papers for five cents each. The
peninsula Ls hungry for news.
Call Kip Hargrove, 321-2300,
X 4632.
As long as the San Francisco
papers are not publishing, The
Daily will publish national and
international news and distrib
ute off-campus.
If you want to make a 100 per
oent profit on your investment,
buy The Daily in bulk for five
cents a copy, and sell it on the
peninsula and in the city for ten
cents.
We will buy back any unsold
papers for five cents each. The
peninsula Ls hungry for news.
Call Kip Hargrove, 321-2300,
X 4632.
As long as the San Francisco
papers are not publishing, The
Daily will publish national and
international news and distrib
ute off-campus.
If you want to make a 100 per
oent profit on your investment,
buy The Daily in bulk for five
cents a copy, and sell it on the
peninsula and in the city for ten
cents.
We will buy back any unsold
papers for five cents each. The
peninsula Ls hungry for news.
Call Kip Hargrove, 321-2300,
X 4632.
As long as the San Francisco
papers are not publishing, The
Daily will publish national and
international news and distrib
ute off-campus.
If you want to make a 100 per
oent profit on your investment,
buy The Daily in bulk for five
cents a copy, and sell it on the
peninsula and in the city for ten
cents.
We will buy back any unsold
papers for five cents each. The
peninsula Ls hungry for news.
Call Kip Hargrove, 321-2300,
X 4632.
As long as the San Francisco
papers are not publishing, The
Daily will publish national and
international news and distrib
ute off-campus.
If you want to make a 100 per
oent profit on your investment,
buy The Daily in bulk for five
cents a copy, and sell it on the
peninsula and in the city for ten
cents.
We will buy back any unsold
papers for five cents each. The
peninsula Ls hungry for news.
Call Kip Hargrove, 321-2300,
X 4632.
As long as the San Francisco
papers are not publishing, The
Daily will publish national and
international news and distrib
ute off-campus.
If you want to make a 100 per
oent profit on your investment,
buy The Daily in bulk for five
cents a copy, and sell it on the
peninsula and in the city for ten
cents.
We will buy back any unsold
papers for five cents each. The
peninsula Ls hungry for news.
Call Kip Hargrove, 321-2300,
X 4632.
As long as the San Francisco
papers are not publishing, The
Daily will publish national and
international news and distrib
ute off-campus.
If you want to make a 100 per
oent profit on your investment,
buy The Daily in bulk for five
cents a copy, and sell it on the
peninsula and in the city for ten
cents.
We will buy back any unsold
papers for five cents each. The
peninsula Ls hungry for news.
Call Kip Hargrove, 321-2300,
X 4632.
As long as the San Francisco
papers are not publishing, The
Daily will publish national and
international news and distrib
ute off-campus.
If you want to make a 100 per
oent profit on your investment,
buy The Daily in bulk for five
cents a copy, and sell it on the
peninsula and in the city for ten
cents.
We will buy back any unsold
papers for five cents each. The
peninsula Ls hungry for news.
Call Kip Hargrove, 321-2300,
X 4632.
As long as the San Francisco
papers are not publishing, The
Daily will publish national and
international news and distrib
ute off-campus.
If you want to make a 100 per
oent profit on your investment,
buy The Daily in bulk for five
cents a copy, and sell it on the
peninsula and in the city for ten
cents.
We will buy back any unsold
papers for five cents each. The
peninsula Ls hungry for news.
Call Kip Hargrove, 321-2300,
X 4632.
As long as the San Francisco
papers are not publishing, The
Daily will publish national and
international news and distrib
ute off-campus.
If you want to make a 100 per
oent profit on your investment,
buy The Daily in bulk for five
cents a copy, and sell it on the
peninsula and in the city for ten
cents.
We will buy back any unsold
papers for five cents each. The
peninsula Ls hungry for news.
Call Kip Hargrove, 321-2300,
X 4632.
As long as the San Francisco
papers are not publishing, The
Daily will publish national and
international news and distrib
ute off-campus.
If you want to make a 100 per
oent profit on your investment,
buy The Daily in bulk for five
cents a copy, and sell it on the
peninsula and in the city for ten
cents.
We will buy back any unsold
papers for five cents each. The
peninsula Ls hungry for news.
Call Kip Hargrove, 321-2300,
X 4632.
As long as the San Francisco
papers are not publishing, The
Daily will publish national and
international news and distrib
ute off-campus.
If you want to make a 100 per
oent profit on your investment,
buy The Daily in bulk for five
cents a copy, and sell it on the
peninsula and in the city for ten
cents.
We will buy back any unsold
papers for five cents each. The
peninsula Ls hungry for news.
Call Kip Hargrove, 321-2300,
X 4632.
As long as the San Francisco
papers are not publishing, The
Daily will publish national and
international news and distrib
ute off-campus.
If you want to make a 100 per
oent profit on your investment,
buy The Daily in bulk for five
cents a copy, and sell it on the
peninsula and in the city for ten
cents.
We will buy back any unsold
papers for five cents each. The
peninsula Ls hungry for news.
Call Kip Hargrove, 321-2300,
X 4632.
As long as the San Francisco
papers are not publishing, The
Daily will publish national and
international news and distrib
ute off-campus.
If you want to make a 100 per
oent profit on your investment,
buy The Daily in bulk for five
cents a copy, and sell it on the
peninsula and in the city for ten
cents.
We will buy back any unsold
papers for five cents each. The
peninsula Ls hungry for news.
Call Kip Hargrove, 321-2300,
X 4632.
As long as the San Francisco
papers are not publishing, The
Daily will publish national and
international news and distrib
ute off-campus.
If you want to make a 100 per
oent profit on your investment,
buy The Daily in bulk for five
cents a copy, and sell it on the
peninsula and in the city for ten
cents.
We will buy back any unsold
papers for five cents each. The
peninsula Ls hungry for news.
Call Kip Hargrove, 321-2300,
X 4632.
