# MUSICAL HITS TO BE FEATURE OF OPERA
## Songs Composed to Harmonize With Plot of Play; Ballad Style To Replace Dance Tempo 
### James Muir 
The music used in the Junior Opera
wlil be more directly responsible for
the success of the show than any
other part, according to Gene Trago
and everyone else who has heard the
pieces. Every number will be a hit
rivaling the popularity of "Mary Lee"
in the 1922 Junior Opera, Trago re
marked.
All the songs have been written
around the show this year and were
composed to fit the special situations
and not to be stuck in any place as
they have been in former campus
musical productions. Instead of being
written in the ordinary dance tempo
most of the pieces are found in what
is known as the ."ballad" style of com
position which gives them a catching

>appeal that will make them stick for
some time.
Eileen Eyre has adopted the chorus
steps to fit both the music and the
theme of the play so that the show
will probably be remembered as a se
quence of delightful, lilting chorus
acts. For the finale of the first act
Miss Eyre has created a regular Zieg
field chorus strut number that gets
over big.
Clue Carey is the largest contribute!'
of both songs and lyrics to "So This Is
Eden." "Love Dreams" and "Thinking
of You," the two ballads sung by
Aileene Burks as Celestina, are both
Carey's creations and will likely be
the biggest hits of the show, Carey
also wrote "Cave Man," the song that
Hollis Chalmers and Mabel Ferry will
introduce with a specialty dance in
the persons of Higgins and Aunt Abi
gail.
"Celestina" Receives Comment
"Celestina," by Alice Dotlds, is an
other piece that has received much
comment during rehearsals. When set
off by the colorful Spanish costumes
worn by Aileen Burks and Lloyd Nolan
this number is due to take the limit
of encores.
Some of the selections will prob
ably be introduced at the Junior Prom
Friday night. They are also to be
played during the week at the Palo
Alto theatres. All the numbers will be
incorporated in a score that will go
on sale after the Prom for $125.
