# Theta Sigma Phi Installs Newly Elected Officers
## 
### 
Meribeth Cameron was installed as
president at a meeting of Theta Sigma
Phi Monday evening. The other new'
officers who were installed are: Eliza
beth Roper, vice-president; Delia Tay
lor, secretary; Mary Baker, treasurer.
Meribeth Cameron was installed as
president at a meeting of Theta Sigma
Phi Monday evening. The other new'
officers who were installed are: Eliza
beth Roper, vice-president; Delia Tay
lor, secretary; Mary Baker, treasurer.
Meribeth Cameron was installed as
president at a meeting of Theta Sigma
Phi Monday evening. The other new'
officers who were installed are: Eliza
beth Roper, vice-president; Delia Tay
lor, secretary; Mary Baker, treasurer.
Meribeth Cameron was installed as
president at a meeting of Theta Sigma
Phi Monday evening. The other new'
officers who were installed are: Eliza
beth Roper, vice-president; Delia Tay
lor, secretary; Mary Baker, treasurer.
Meribeth Cameron was installed as
president at a meeting of Theta Sigma
Phi Monday evening. The other new'
officers who were installed are: Eliza
beth Roper, vice-president; Delia Tay
lor, secretary; Mary Baker, treasurer.
Meribeth Cameron was installed as
president at a meeting of Theta Sigma
Phi Monday evening. The other new'
officers who were installed are: Eliza
beth Roper, vice-president; Delia Tay
lor, secretary; Mary Baker, treasurer.
Meribeth Cameron was installed as
president at a meeting of Theta Sigma
Phi Monday evening. The other new'
officers who were installed are: Eliza
beth Roper, vice-president; Delia Tay
lor, secretary; Mary Baker, treasurer.
Meribeth Cameron was installed as
president at a meeting of Theta Sigma
Phi Monday evening. The other new'
officers who were installed are: Eliza
beth Roper, vice-president; Delia Tay
lor, secretary; Mary Baker, treasurer.
Meribeth Cameron was installed as
president at a meeting of Theta Sigma
Phi Monday evening. The other new'
officers who were installed are: Eliza
beth Roper, vice-president; Delia Tay
lor, secretary; Mary Baker, treasurer.
Meribeth Cameron was installed as
president at a meeting of Theta Sigma
Phi Monday evening. The other new'
officers who were installed are: Eliza
beth Roper, vice-president; Delia Tay
lor, secretary; Mary Baker, treasurer.
Meribeth Cameron was installed as
president at a meeting of Theta Sigma
Phi Monday evening. The other new'
officers who were installed are: Eliza
beth Roper, vice-president; Delia Tay
lor, secretary; Mary Baker, treasurer.
Meribeth Cameron was installed as
president at a meeting of Theta Sigma
Phi Monday evening. The other new'
officers who were installed are: Eliza
beth Roper, vice-president; Delia Tay
lor, secretary; Mary Baker, treasurer.
Meribeth Cameron was installed as
president at a meeting of Theta Sigma
Phi Monday evening. The other new'
officers who were installed are: Eliza
beth Roper, vice-president; Delia Tay
lor, secretary; Mary Baker, treasurer.
Meribeth Cameron was installed as
president at a meeting of Theta Sigma
Phi Monday evening. The other new'
officers who were installed are: Eliza
beth Roper, vice-president; Delia Tay
lor, secretary; Mary Baker, treasurer.
Meribeth Cameron was installed as
president at a meeting of Theta Sigma
Phi Monday evening. The other new'
officers who were installed are: Eliza
beth Roper, vice-president; Delia Tay
lor, secretary; Mary Baker, treasurer.
