# 'Richard III' First Drama On Fall List
## 
### 
Marking the 10th anniversary of
the Subscription Series, Stanford
Players will open their 1947-48 sea
son with a three-day run of Wil
liam Shakespeare's "Richard III"
Nov. 6, 7, and 8 in Memorial Audi
torium.
Spring quarter's production will
be the Brian Hooker translation of
Edmond Rostand's "Cyrano de Ber
gerac." The French romantic drama
will be seen March 4, 5, and 6.
Negotiations are under way to se
cure rights to a new play or a re
cent Broadway release for the April
offering. An announcement of the
production, scheduled for April 29
and 30 and May 1, will be made
later.
In co-operation with the Music-
Department, the Stanford Players
will present the West Coast pre
miere of the Benjamin Britten opera
"Peter Grimes." Adapted from a
poem by George Crabbe, the opera
was originally produced last year in
England.
An additional scries of plays will
be produced in the Little Theater,
predominantly by graduate students
in theater arts. Opening with "The
Father" by Strindberg Oct. 22, 23,
24, and 25, the Little Theater play
ers will oqcr original one-act plays
Dec. 3, 4, 5, and 6; and Maxwell An
derson's "Winterset" Feb. 4, 5, 6,
and 7.
Subscription Series tickets, priced
at $3, may now be ordered in room
202, Memorial Hall, or by telephon
ing 22041. Persons wishing their
tickets mailed lo them should en
close six cents in stamps and an ad
dressed envelope. Tickets may be
called for between Oct. 20 and Nov.
3 in room 202, Memorial Hall.
Marking the 10th anniversary of
the Subscription Series, Stanford
Players will open their 1947-48 sea
son with a three-day run of Wil
liam Shakespeare's "Richard III"
Nov. 6, 7, and 8 in Memorial Audi
torium.
Spring quarter's production will
be the Brian Hooker translation of
Edmond Rostand's "Cyrano de Ber
gerac." The French romantic drama
will be seen March 4, 5, and 6.
Negotiations are under way to se
cure rights to a new play or a re
cent Broadway release for the April
offering. An announcement of the
production, scheduled for April 29
and 30 and May 1, will be made
later.
In co-operation with the Music-
Department, the Stanford Players
will present the West Coast pre
miere of the Benjamin Britten opera
"Peter Grimes." Adapted from a
poem by George Crabbe, the opera
was originally produced last year in
England.
An additional scries of plays will
be produced in the Little Theater,
predominantly by graduate students
in theater arts. Opening with "The
Father" by Strindberg Oct. 22, 23,
24, and 25, the Little Theater play
ers will oqcr original one-act plays
Dec. 3, 4, 5, and 6; and Maxwell An
derson's "Winterset" Feb. 4, 5, 6,
and 7.
Subscription Series tickets, priced
at $3, may now be ordered in room
202, Memorial Hall, or by telephon
ing 22041. Persons wishing their
tickets mailed lo them should en
close six cents in stamps and an ad
dressed envelope. Tickets may be
called for between Oct. 20 and Nov.
3 in room 202, Memorial Hall.
Marking the 10th anniversary of
the Subscription Series, Stanford
Players will open their 1947-48 sea
son with a three-day run of Wil
liam Shakespeare's "Richard III"
Nov. 6, 7, and 8 in Memorial Audi
torium.
Spring quarter's production will
be the Brian Hooker translation of
Edmond Rostand's "Cyrano de Ber
gerac." The French romantic drama
will be seen March 4, 5, and 6.
Negotiations are under way to se
cure rights to a new play or a re
cent Broadway release for the April
offering. An announcement of the
production, scheduled for April 29
and 30 and May 1, will be made
later.
In co-operation with the Music-
Department, the Stanford Players
will present the West Coast pre
miere of the Benjamin Britten opera
"Peter Grimes." Adapted from a
poem by George Crabbe, the opera
was originally produced last year in
England.
An additional scries of plays will
be produced in the Little Theater,
predominantly by graduate students
in theater arts. Opening with "The
Father" by Strindberg Oct. 22, 23,
24, and 25, the Little Theater play
ers will oqcr original one-act plays
Dec. 3, 4, 5, and 6; and Maxwell An
derson's "Winterset" Feb. 4, 5, 6,
and 7.
Subscription Series tickets, priced
at $3, may now be ordered in room
202, Memorial Hall, or by telephon
ing 22041. Persons wishing their
tickets mailed lo them should en
close six cents in stamps and an ad
dressed envelope. Tickets may be
called for between Oct. 20 and Nov.
3 in room 202, Memorial Hall.
Marking the 10th anniversary of
the Subscription Series, Stanford
Players will open their 1947-48 sea
son with a three-day run of Wil
liam Shakespeare's "Richard III"
Nov. 6, 7, and 8 in Memorial Audi
torium.
Spring quarter's production will
be the Brian Hooker translation of
Edmond Rostand's "Cyrano de Ber
gerac." The French romantic drama
will be seen March 4, 5, and 6.
Negotiations are under way to se
cure rights to a new play or a re
cent Broadway release for the April
offering. An announcement of the
production, scheduled for April 29
and 30 and May 1, will be made
later.
In co-operation with the Music-
Department, the Stanford Players
will present the West Coast pre
miere of the Benjamin Britten opera
"Peter Grimes." Adapted from a
poem by George Crabbe, the opera
was originally produced last year in
England.
An additional scries of plays will
be produced in the Little Theater,
predominantly by graduate students
in theater arts. Opening with "The
Father" by Strindberg Oct. 22, 23,
24, and 25, the Little Theater play
ers will oqcr original one-act plays
Dec. 3, 4, 5, and 6; and Maxwell An
derson's "Winterset" Feb. 4, 5, 6,
and 7.
Subscription Series tickets, priced
at $3, may now be ordered in room
202, Memorial Hall, or by telephon
ing 22041. Persons wishing their
tickets mailed lo them should en
close six cents in stamps and an ad
dressed envelope. Tickets may be
called for between Oct. 20 and Nov.
3 in room 202, Memorial Hall.
Marking the 10th anniversary of
the Subscription Series, Stanford
Players will open their 1947-48 sea
son with a three-day run of Wil
liam Shakespeare's "Richard III"
Nov. 6, 7, and 8 in Memorial Audi
torium.
Spring quarter's production will
be the Brian Hooker translation of
Edmond Rostand's "Cyrano de Ber
gerac." The French romantic drama
will be seen March 4, 5, and 6.
Negotiations are under way to se
cure rights to a new play or a re
cent Broadway release for the April
offering. An announcement of the
production, scheduled for April 29
and 30 and May 1, will be made
later.
In co-operation with the Music-
Department, the Stanford Players
will present the West Coast pre
miere of the Benjamin Britten opera
"Peter Grimes." Adapted from a
poem by George Crabbe, the opera
was originally produced last year in
England.
An additional scries of plays will
be produced in the Little Theater,
predominantly by graduate students
in theater arts. Opening with "The
Father" by Strindberg Oct. 22, 23,
24, and 25, the Little Theater play
ers will oqcr original one-act plays
Dec. 3, 4, 5, and 6; and Maxwell An
derson's "Winterset" Feb. 4, 5, 6,
and 7.
Subscription Series tickets, priced
at $3, may now be ordered in room
202, Memorial Hall, or by telephon
ing 22041. Persons wishing their
tickets mailed lo them should en
close six cents in stamps and an ad
dressed envelope. Tickets may be
called for between Oct. 20 and Nov.
3 in room 202, Memorial Hall.
Marking the 10th anniversary of
the Subscription Series, Stanford
Players will open their 1947-48 sea
son with a three-day run of Wil
liam Shakespeare's "Richard III"
Nov. 6, 7, and 8 in Memorial Audi
torium.
Spring quarter's production will
be the Brian Hooker translation of
Edmond Rostand's "Cyrano de Ber
gerac." The French romantic drama
will be seen March 4, 5, and 6.
Negotiations are under way to se
cure rights to a new play or a re
cent Broadway release for the April
offering. An announcement of the
production, scheduled for April 29
and 30 and May 1, will be made
later.
In co-operation with the Music-
Department, the Stanford Players
will present the West Coast pre
miere of the Benjamin Britten opera
"Peter Grimes." Adapted from a
poem by George Crabbe, the opera
was originally produced last year in
England.
An additional scries of plays will
be produced in the Little Theater,
predominantly by graduate students
in theater arts. Opening with "The
Father" by Strindberg Oct. 22, 23,
24, and 25, the Little Theater play
ers will oqcr original one-act plays
Dec. 3, 4, 5, and 6; and Maxwell An
derson's "Winterset" Feb. 4, 5, 6,
and 7.
Subscription Series tickets, priced
at $3, may now be ordered in room
202, Memorial Hall, or by telephon
ing 22041. Persons wishing their
tickets mailed lo them should en
close six cents in stamps and an ad
dressed envelope. Tickets may be
called for between Oct. 20 and Nov.
3 in room 202, Memorial Hall.
Marking the 10th anniversary of
the Subscription Series, Stanford
Players will open their 1947-48 sea
son with a three-day run of Wil
liam Shakespeare's "Richard III"
Nov. 6, 7, and 8 in Memorial Audi
torium.
Spring quarter's production will
be the Brian Hooker translation of
Edmond Rostand's "Cyrano de Ber
gerac." The French romantic drama
will be seen March 4, 5, and 6.
Negotiations are under way to se
cure rights to a new play or a re
cent Broadway release for the April
offering. An announcement of the
production, scheduled for April 29
and 30 and May 1, will be made
later.
In co-operation with the Music-
Department, the Stanford Players
will present the West Coast pre
miere of the Benjamin Britten opera
"Peter Grimes." Adapted from a
poem by George Crabbe, the opera
was originally produced last year in
England.
An additional scries of plays will
be produced in the Little Theater,
predominantly by graduate students
in theater arts. Opening with "The
Father" by Strindberg Oct. 22, 23,
24, and 25, the Little Theater play
ers will oqcr original one-act plays
Dec. 3, 4, 5, and 6; and Maxwell An
derson's "Winterset" Feb. 4, 5, 6,
and 7.
Subscription Series tickets, priced
at $3, may now be ordered in room
202, Memorial Hall, or by telephon
ing 22041. Persons wishing their
tickets mailed lo them should en
close six cents in stamps and an ad
dressed envelope. Tickets may be
called for between Oct. 20 and Nov.
3 in room 202, Memorial Hall.
Marking the 10th anniversary of
the Subscription Series, Stanford
Players will open their 1947-48 sea
son with a three-day run of Wil
liam Shakespeare's "Richard III"
Nov. 6, 7, and 8 in Memorial Audi
torium.
Spring quarter's production will
be the Brian Hooker translation of
Edmond Rostand's "Cyrano de Ber
gerac." The French romantic drama
will be seen March 4, 5, and 6.
Negotiations are under way to se
cure rights to a new play or a re
cent Broadway release for the April
offering. An announcement of the
production, scheduled for April 29
and 30 and May 1, will be made
later.
In co-operation with the Music-
Department, the Stanford Players
will present the West Coast pre
miere of the Benjamin Britten opera
"Peter Grimes." Adapted from a
poem by George Crabbe, the opera
was originally produced last year in
England.
An additional scries of plays will
be produced in the Little Theater,
predominantly by graduate students
in theater arts. Opening with "The
Father" by Strindberg Oct. 22, 23,
24, and 25, the Little Theater play
ers will oqcr original one-act plays
Dec. 3, 4, 5, and 6; and Maxwell An
derson's "Winterset" Feb. 4, 5, 6,
and 7.
Subscription Series tickets, priced
at $3, may now be ordered in room
202, Memorial Hall, or by telephon
ing 22041. Persons wishing their
tickets mailed lo them should en
close six cents in stamps and an ad
dressed envelope. Tickets may be
called for between Oct. 20 and Nov.
3 in room 202, Memorial Hall.
Marking the 10th anniversary of
the Subscription Series, Stanford
Players will open their 1947-48 sea
son with a three-day run of Wil
liam Shakespeare's "Richard III"
Nov. 6, 7, and 8 in Memorial Audi
torium.
Spring quarter's production will
be the Brian Hooker translation of
Edmond Rostand's "Cyrano de Ber
gerac." The French romantic drama
will be seen March 4, 5, and 6.
Negotiations are under way to se
cure rights to a new play or a re
cent Broadway release for the April
offering. An announcement of the
production, scheduled for April 29
and 30 and May 1, will be made
later.
In co-operation with the Music-
Department, the Stanford Players
will present the West Coast pre
miere of the Benjamin Britten opera
"Peter Grimes." Adapted from a
poem by George Crabbe, the opera
was originally produced last year in
England.
An additional scries of plays will
be produced in the Little Theater,
predominantly by graduate students
in theater arts. Opening with "The
Father" by Strindberg Oct. 22, 23,
24, and 25, the Little Theater play
ers will oqcr original one-act plays
Dec. 3, 4, 5, and 6; and Maxwell An
derson's "Winterset" Feb. 4, 5, 6,
and 7.
Subscription Series tickets, priced
at $3, may now be ordered in room
202, Memorial Hall, or by telephon
ing 22041. Persons wishing their
tickets mailed lo them should en
close six cents in stamps and an ad
dressed envelope. Tickets may be
called for between Oct. 20 and Nov.
3 in room 202, Memorial Hall.
Marking the 10th anniversary of
the Subscription Series, Stanford
Players will open their 1947-48 sea
son with a three-day run of Wil
liam Shakespeare's "Richard III"
Nov. 6, 7, and 8 in Memorial Audi
torium.
Spring quarter's production will
be the Brian Hooker translation of
Edmond Rostand's "Cyrano de Ber
gerac." The French romantic drama
will be seen March 4, 5, and 6.
Negotiations are under way to se
cure rights to a new play or a re
cent Broadway release for the April
offering. An announcement of the
production, scheduled for April 29
and 30 and May 1, will be made
later.
In co-operation with the Music-
Department, the Stanford Players
will present the West Coast pre
miere of the Benjamin Britten opera
"Peter Grimes." Adapted from a
poem by George Crabbe, the opera
was originally produced last year in
England.
An additional scries of plays will
be produced in the Little Theater,
predominantly by graduate students
in theater arts. Opening with "The
Father" by Strindberg Oct. 22, 23,
24, and 25, the Little Theater play
ers will oqcr original one-act plays
Dec. 3, 4, 5, and 6; and Maxwell An
derson's "Winterset" Feb. 4, 5, 6,
and 7.
Subscription Series tickets, priced
at $3, may now be ordered in room
202, Memorial Hall, or by telephon
ing 22041. Persons wishing their
tickets mailed lo them should en
close six cents in stamps and an ad
dressed envelope. Tickets may be
called for between Oct. 20 and Nov.
3 in room 202, Memorial Hall.
Marking the 10th anniversary of
the Subscription Series, Stanford
Players will open their 1947-48 sea
son with a three-day run of Wil
liam Shakespeare's "Richard III"
Nov. 6, 7, and 8 in Memorial Audi
torium.
Spring quarter's production will
be the Brian Hooker translation of
Edmond Rostand's "Cyrano de Ber
gerac." The French romantic drama
will be seen March 4, 5, and 6.
Negotiations are under way to se
cure rights to a new play or a re
cent Broadway release for the April
offering. An announcement of the
production, scheduled for April 29
and 30 and May 1, will be made
later.
In co-operation with the Music-
Department, the Stanford Players
will present the West Coast pre
miere of the Benjamin Britten opera
"Peter Grimes." Adapted from a
poem by George Crabbe, the opera
was originally produced last year in
England.
An additional scries of plays will
be produced in the Little Theater,
predominantly by graduate students
in theater arts. Opening with "The
Father" by Strindberg Oct. 22, 23,
24, and 25, the Little Theater play
ers will oqcr original one-act plays
Dec. 3, 4, 5, and 6; and Maxwell An
derson's "Winterset" Feb. 4, 5, 6,
and 7.
Subscription Series tickets, priced
at $3, may now be ordered in room
202, Memorial Hall, or by telephon
ing 22041. Persons wishing their
tickets mailed lo them should en
close six cents in stamps and an ad
dressed envelope. Tickets may be
called for between Oct. 20 and Nov.
3 in room 202, Memorial Hall.
Marking the 10th anniversary of
the Subscription Series, Stanford
Players will open their 1947-48 sea
son with a three-day run of Wil
liam Shakespeare's "Richard III"
Nov. 6, 7, and 8 in Memorial Audi
torium.
Spring quarter's production will
be the Brian Hooker translation of
Edmond Rostand's "Cyrano de Ber
gerac." The French romantic drama
will be seen March 4, 5, and 6.
Negotiations are under way to se
cure rights to a new play or a re
cent Broadway release for the April
offering. An announcement of the
production, scheduled for April 29
and 30 and May 1, will be made
later.
In co-operation with the Music-
Department, the Stanford Players
will present the West Coast pre
miere of the Benjamin Britten opera
"Peter Grimes." Adapted from a
poem by George Crabbe, the opera
was originally produced last year in
England.
An additional scries of plays will
be produced in the Little Theater,
predominantly by graduate students
in theater arts. Opening with "The
Father" by Strindberg Oct. 22, 23,
24, and 25, the Little Theater play
ers will oqcr original one-act plays
Dec. 3, 4, 5, and 6; and Maxwell An
derson's "Winterset" Feb. 4, 5, 6,
and 7.
Subscription Series tickets, priced
at $3, may now be ordered in room
202, Memorial Hall, or by telephon
ing 22041. Persons wishing their
tickets mailed lo them should en
close six cents in stamps and an ad
dressed envelope. Tickets may be
called for between Oct. 20 and Nov.
3 in room 202, Memorial Hall.
Marking the 10th anniversary of
the Subscription Series, Stanford
Players will open their 1947-48 sea
son with a three-day run of Wil
liam Shakespeare's "Richard III"
Nov. 6, 7, and 8 in Memorial Audi
torium.
Spring quarter's production will
be the Brian Hooker translation of
Edmond Rostand's "Cyrano de Ber
gerac." The French romantic drama
will be seen March 4, 5, and 6.
Negotiations are under way to se
cure rights to a new play or a re
cent Broadway release for the April
offering. An announcement of the
production, scheduled for April 29
and 30 and May 1, will be made
later.
In co-operation with the Music-
Department, the Stanford Players
will present the West Coast pre
miere of the Benjamin Britten opera
"Peter Grimes." Adapted from a
poem by George Crabbe, the opera
was originally produced last year in
England.
An additional scries of plays will
be produced in the Little Theater,
predominantly by graduate students
in theater arts. Opening with "The
Father" by Strindberg Oct. 22, 23,
24, and 25, the Little Theater play
ers will oqcr original one-act plays
Dec. 3, 4, 5, and 6; and Maxwell An
derson's "Winterset" Feb. 4, 5, 6,
and 7.
Subscription Series tickets, priced
at $3, may now be ordered in room
202, Memorial Hall, or by telephon
ing 22041. Persons wishing their
tickets mailed lo them should en
close six cents in stamps and an ad
dressed envelope. Tickets may be
called for between Oct. 20 and Nov.
3 in room 202, Memorial Hall.
Marking the 10th anniversary of
the Subscription Series, Stanford
Players will open their 1947-48 sea
son with a three-day run of Wil
liam Shakespeare's "Richard III"
Nov. 6, 7, and 8 in Memorial Audi
torium.
Spring quarter's production will
be the Brian Hooker translation of
Edmond Rostand's "Cyrano de Ber
gerac." The French romantic drama
will be seen March 4, 5, and 6.
Negotiations are under way to se
cure rights to a new play or a re
cent Broadway release for the April
offering. An announcement of the
production, scheduled for April 29
and 30 and May 1, will be made
later.
In co-operation with the Music-
Department, the Stanford Players
will present the West Coast pre
miere of the Benjamin Britten opera
"Peter Grimes." Adapted from a
poem by George Crabbe, the opera
was originally produced last year in
England.
An additional scries of plays will
be produced in the Little Theater,
predominantly by graduate students
in theater arts. Opening with "The
Father" by Strindberg Oct. 22, 23,
24, and 25, the Little Theater play
ers will oqcr original one-act plays
Dec. 3, 4, 5, and 6; and Maxwell An
derson's "Winterset" Feb. 4, 5, 6,
and 7.
Subscription Series tickets, priced
at $3, may now be ordered in room
202, Memorial Hall, or by telephon
ing 22041. Persons wishing their
tickets mailed lo them should en
close six cents in stamps and an ad
dressed envelope. Tickets may be
called for between Oct. 20 and Nov.
3 in room 202, Memorial Hall.
Marking the 10th anniversary of
the Subscription Series, Stanford
Players will open their 1947-48 sea
son with a three-day run of Wil
liam Shakespeare's "Richard III"
Nov. 6, 7, and 8 in Memorial Audi
torium.
Spring quarter's production will
be the Brian Hooker translation of
Edmond Rostand's "Cyrano de Ber
gerac." The French romantic drama
will be seen March 4, 5, and 6.
Negotiations are under way to se
cure rights to a new play or a re
cent Broadway release for the April
offering. An announcement of the
production, scheduled for April 29
and 30 and May 1, will be made
later.
In co-operation with the Music-
Department, the Stanford Players
will present the West Coast pre
miere of the Benjamin Britten opera
"Peter Grimes." Adapted from a
poem by George Crabbe, the opera
was originally produced last year in
England.
An additional scries of plays will
be produced in the Little Theater,
predominantly by graduate students
in theater arts. Opening with "The
Father" by Strindberg Oct. 22, 23,
24, and 25, the Little Theater play
ers will oqcr original one-act plays
Dec. 3, 4, 5, and 6; and Maxwell An
derson's "Winterset" Feb. 4, 5, 6,
and 7.
Subscription Series tickets, priced
at $3, may now be ordered in room
202, Memorial Hall, or by telephon
ing 22041. Persons wishing their
tickets mailed lo them should en
close six cents in stamps and an ad
dressed envelope. Tickets may be
called for between Oct. 20 and Nov.
3 in room 202, Memorial Hall.
Marking the 10th anniversary of
the Subscription Series, Stanford
Players will open their 1947-48 sea
son with a three-day run of Wil
liam Shakespeare's "Richard III"
Nov. 6, 7, and 8 in Memorial Audi
torium.
Spring quarter's production will
be the Brian Hooker translation of
Edmond Rostand's "Cyrano de Ber
gerac." The French romantic drama
will be seen March 4, 5, and 6.
Negotiations are under way to se
cure rights to a new play or a re
cent Broadway release for the April
offering. An announcement of the
production, scheduled for April 29
and 30 and May 1, will be made
later.
In co-operation with the Music-
Department, the Stanford Players
will present the West Coast pre
miere of the Benjamin Britten opera
"Peter Grimes." Adapted from a
poem by George Crabbe, the opera
was originally produced last year in
England.
An additional scries of plays will
be produced in the Little Theater,
predominantly by graduate students
in theater arts. Opening with "The
Father" by Strindberg Oct. 22, 23,
24, and 25, the Little Theater play
ers will oqcr original one-act plays
Dec. 3, 4, 5, and 6; and Maxwell An
derson's "Winterset" Feb. 4, 5, 6,
and 7.
Subscription Series tickets, priced
at $3, may now be ordered in room
202, Memorial Hall, or by telephon
ing 22041. Persons wishing their
tickets mailed lo them should en
close six cents in stamps and an ad
dressed envelope. Tickets may be
called for between Oct. 20 and Nov.
3 in room 202, Memorial Hall.
