# Food Spoiled; 24 Affected
## 
### 
Food poisoning caused discom
fiture for Union Residence last
night. Hal Wilson, Stanford’s Pub
lic Health officer, suspects that
the girls’ dinner, Turkey a la King,
was spoiled.
Eight hashers and sixteen girls
were affected; none were hospi
talized. Dr. George Houck, Health
Service Director, accompanied
Wilson on the rounds in the dorm.
Keopectate and other remedies
were distributed for diarreha.
Wilson believes the food was
affected by the same germ that
hit Durand house last winter. The
dinner for the Union girls was
cooked in Tresidder kitchen and
was carried across the street to
be set on the Union kitchen’s
steam tables. Samples of the food
have been sent to the lab; results
of the tests will bo known in sev
eral days.
Food poisoning caused discom
fiture for Union Residence last
night. Hal Wilson, Stanford’s Pub
lic Health officer, suspects that
the girls’ dinner, Turkey a la King,
was spoiled.
Eight hashers and sixteen girls
were affected; none were hospi
talized. Dr. George Houck, Health
Service Director, accompanied
Wilson on the rounds in the dorm.
Keopectate and other remedies
were distributed for diarreha.
Wilson believes the food was
affected by the same germ that
hit Durand house last winter. The
dinner for the Union girls was
cooked in Tresidder kitchen and
was carried across the street to
be set on the Union kitchen’s
steam tables. Samples of the food
have been sent to the lab; results
of the tests will bo known in sev
eral days.
Food poisoning caused discom
fiture for Union Residence last
night. Hal Wilson, Stanford’s Pub
lic Health officer, suspects that
the girls’ dinner, Turkey a la King,
was spoiled.
Eight hashers and sixteen girls
were affected; none were hospi
talized. Dr. George Houck, Health
Service Director, accompanied
Wilson on the rounds in the dorm.
Keopectate and other remedies
were distributed for diarreha.
Wilson believes the food was
affected by the same germ that
hit Durand house last winter. The
dinner for the Union girls was
cooked in Tresidder kitchen and
was carried across the street to
be set on the Union kitchen’s
steam tables. Samples of the food
have been sent to the lab; results
of the tests will bo known in sev
eral days.
Food poisoning caused discom
fiture for Union Residence last
night. Hal Wilson, Stanford’s Pub
lic Health officer, suspects that
the girls’ dinner, Turkey a la King,
was spoiled.
Eight hashers and sixteen girls
were affected; none were hospi
talized. Dr. George Houck, Health
Service Director, accompanied
Wilson on the rounds in the dorm.
Keopectate and other remedies
were distributed for diarreha.
Wilson believes the food was
affected by the same germ that
hit Durand house last winter. The
dinner for the Union girls was
cooked in Tresidder kitchen and
was carried across the street to
be set on the Union kitchen’s
steam tables. Samples of the food
have been sent to the lab; results
of the tests will bo known in sev
eral days.
Food poisoning caused discom
fiture for Union Residence last
night. Hal Wilson, Stanford’s Pub
lic Health officer, suspects that
the girls’ dinner, Turkey a la King,
was spoiled.
Eight hashers and sixteen girls
were affected; none were hospi
talized. Dr. George Houck, Health
Service Director, accompanied
Wilson on the rounds in the dorm.
Keopectate and other remedies
were distributed for diarreha.
Wilson believes the food was
affected by the same germ that
hit Durand house last winter. The
dinner for the Union girls was
cooked in Tresidder kitchen and
was carried across the street to
be set on the Union kitchen’s
steam tables. Samples of the food
have been sent to the lab; results
of the tests will bo known in sev
eral days.
Food poisoning caused discom
fiture for Union Residence last
night. Hal Wilson, Stanford’s Pub
lic Health officer, suspects that
the girls’ dinner, Turkey a la King,
was spoiled.
Eight hashers and sixteen girls
were affected; none were hospi
talized. Dr. George Houck, Health
Service Director, accompanied
Wilson on the rounds in the dorm.
Keopectate and other remedies
were distributed for diarreha.
Wilson believes the food was
affected by the same germ that
hit Durand house last winter. The
dinner for the Union girls was
cooked in Tresidder kitchen and
was carried across the street to
be set on the Union kitchen’s
steam tables. Samples of the food
have been sent to the lab; results
of the tests will bo known in sev
eral days.
Food poisoning caused discom
fiture for Union Residence last
night. Hal Wilson, Stanford’s Pub
lic Health officer, suspects that
the girls’ dinner, Turkey a la King,
was spoiled.
Eight hashers and sixteen girls
were affected; none were hospi
talized. Dr. George Houck, Health
Service Director, accompanied
Wilson on the rounds in the dorm.
Keopectate and other remedies
were distributed for diarreha.
Wilson believes the food was
affected by the same germ that
hit Durand house last winter. The
dinner for the Union girls was
cooked in Tresidder kitchen and
was carried across the street to
be set on the Union kitchen’s
steam tables. Samples of the food
have been sent to the lab; results
of the tests will bo known in sev
eral days.
Food poisoning caused discom
fiture for Union Residence last
night. Hal Wilson, Stanford’s Pub
lic Health officer, suspects that
the girls’ dinner, Turkey a la King,
was spoiled.
Eight hashers and sixteen girls
were affected; none were hospi
talized. Dr. George Houck, Health
Service Director, accompanied
Wilson on the rounds in the dorm.
Keopectate and other remedies
were distributed for diarreha.
Wilson believes the food was
affected by the same germ that
hit Durand house last winter. The
dinner for the Union girls was
cooked in Tresidder kitchen and
was carried across the street to
be set on the Union kitchen’s
steam tables. Samples of the food
have been sent to the lab; results
of the tests will bo known in sev
eral days.
Food poisoning caused discom
fiture for Union Residence last
night. Hal Wilson, Stanford’s Pub
lic Health officer, suspects that
the girls’ dinner, Turkey a la King,
was spoiled.
Eight hashers and sixteen girls
were affected; none were hospi
talized. Dr. George Houck, Health
Service Director, accompanied
Wilson on the rounds in the dorm.
Keopectate and other remedies
were distributed for diarreha.
Wilson believes the food was
affected by the same germ that
hit Durand house last winter. The
dinner for the Union girls was
cooked in Tresidder kitchen and
was carried across the street to
be set on the Union kitchen’s
steam tables. Samples of the food
have been sent to the lab; results
of the tests will bo known in sev
eral days.
Food poisoning caused discom
fiture for Union Residence last
night. Hal Wilson, Stanford’s Pub
lic Health officer, suspects that
the girls’ dinner, Turkey a la King,
was spoiled.
Eight hashers and sixteen girls
were affected; none were hospi
talized. Dr. George Houck, Health
Service Director, accompanied
Wilson on the rounds in the dorm.
Keopectate and other remedies
were distributed for diarreha.
Wilson believes the food was
affected by the same germ that
hit Durand house last winter. The
dinner for the Union girls was
cooked in Tresidder kitchen and
was carried across the street to
be set on the Union kitchen’s
steam tables. Samples of the food
have been sent to the lab; results
of the tests will bo known in sev
eral days.
Food poisoning caused discom
fiture for Union Residence last
night. Hal Wilson, Stanford’s Pub
lic Health officer, suspects that
the girls’ dinner, Turkey a la King,
was spoiled.
Eight hashers and sixteen girls
were affected; none were hospi
talized. Dr. George Houck, Health
Service Director, accompanied
Wilson on the rounds in the dorm.
Keopectate and other remedies
were distributed for diarreha.
Wilson believes the food was
affected by the same germ that
hit Durand house last winter. The
dinner for the Union girls was
cooked in Tresidder kitchen and
was carried across the street to
be set on the Union kitchen’s
steam tables. Samples of the food
have been sent to the lab; results
of the tests will bo known in sev
eral days.
Food poisoning caused discom
fiture for Union Residence last
night. Hal Wilson, Stanford’s Pub
lic Health officer, suspects that
the girls’ dinner, Turkey a la King,
was spoiled.
Eight hashers and sixteen girls
were affected; none were hospi
talized. Dr. George Houck, Health
Service Director, accompanied
Wilson on the rounds in the dorm.
Keopectate and other remedies
were distributed for diarreha.
Wilson believes the food was
affected by the same germ that
hit Durand house last winter. The
dinner for the Union girls was
cooked in Tresidder kitchen and
was carried across the street to
be set on the Union kitchen’s
steam tables. Samples of the food
have been sent to the lab; results
of the tests will bo known in sev
eral days.
Food poisoning caused discom
fiture for Union Residence last
night. Hal Wilson, Stanford’s Pub
lic Health officer, suspects that
the girls’ dinner, Turkey a la King,
was spoiled.
Eight hashers and sixteen girls
were affected; none were hospi
talized. Dr. George Houck, Health
Service Director, accompanied
Wilson on the rounds in the dorm.
Keopectate and other remedies
were distributed for diarreha.
Wilson believes the food was
affected by the same germ that
hit Durand house last winter. The
dinner for the Union girls was
cooked in Tresidder kitchen and
was carried across the street to
be set on the Union kitchen’s
steam tables. Samples of the food
have been sent to the lab; results
of the tests will bo known in sev
eral days.
Food poisoning caused discom
fiture for Union Residence last
night. Hal Wilson, Stanford’s Pub
lic Health officer, suspects that
the girls’ dinner, Turkey a la King,
was spoiled.
Eight hashers and sixteen girls
were affected; none were hospi
talized. Dr. George Houck, Health
Service Director, accompanied
Wilson on the rounds in the dorm.
Keopectate and other remedies
were distributed for diarreha.
Wilson believes the food was
affected by the same germ that
hit Durand house last winter. The
dinner for the Union girls was
cooked in Tresidder kitchen and
was carried across the street to
be set on the Union kitchen’s
steam tables. Samples of the food
have been sent to the lab; results
of the tests will bo known in sev
eral days.
Food poisoning caused discom
fiture for Union Residence last
night. Hal Wilson, Stanford’s Pub
lic Health officer, suspects that
the girls’ dinner, Turkey a la King,
was spoiled.
Eight hashers and sixteen girls
were affected; none were hospi
talized. Dr. George Houck, Health
Service Director, accompanied
Wilson on the rounds in the dorm.
Keopectate and other remedies
were distributed for diarreha.
Wilson believes the food was
affected by the same germ that
hit Durand house last winter. The
dinner for the Union girls was
cooked in Tresidder kitchen and
was carried across the street to
be set on the Union kitchen’s
steam tables. Samples of the food
have been sent to the lab; results
of the tests will bo known in sev
eral days.
Food poisoning caused discom
fiture for Union Residence last
night. Hal Wilson, Stanford’s Pub
lic Health officer, suspects that
the girls’ dinner, Turkey a la King,
was spoiled.
Eight hashers and sixteen girls
were affected; none were hospi
talized. Dr. George Houck, Health
Service Director, accompanied
Wilson on the rounds in the dorm.
Keopectate and other remedies
were distributed for diarreha.
Wilson believes the food was
affected by the same germ that
hit Durand house last winter. The
dinner for the Union girls was
cooked in Tresidder kitchen and
was carried across the street to
be set on the Union kitchen’s
steam tables. Samples of the food
have been sent to the lab; results
of the tests will bo known in sev
eral days.
Food poisoning caused discom
fiture for Union Residence last
night. Hal Wilson, Stanford’s Pub
lic Health officer, suspects that
the girls’ dinner, Turkey a la King,
was spoiled.
Eight hashers and sixteen girls
were affected; none were hospi
talized. Dr. George Houck, Health
Service Director, accompanied
Wilson on the rounds in the dorm.
Keopectate and other remedies
were distributed for diarreha.
Wilson believes the food was
affected by the same germ that
hit Durand house last winter. The
dinner for the Union girls was
cooked in Tresidder kitchen and
was carried across the street to
be set on the Union kitchen’s
steam tables. Samples of the food
have been sent to the lab; results
of the tests will bo known in sev
eral days.
