# ODE
## 
### 
Oh somewhere hearts are
happy,
And somewhere children shout.
But there is no joy in Mud
ville;
For mighty Casey has struck
out.
Oh somewhere hearts are
happy,
And somewhere children shout.
But there is no joy in Mud
ville;
For mighty Casey has struck
out.
Oh somewhere hearts are
happy,
And somewhere children shout.
But there is no joy in Mud
ville;
For mighty Casey has struck
out.
Oh somewhere hearts are
happy,
And somewhere children shout.
But there is no joy in Mud
ville;
For mighty Casey has struck
out.
Oh somewhere hearts are
happy,
And somewhere children shout.
But there is no joy in Mud
ville;
For mighty Casey has struck
out.
Oh somewhere hearts are
happy,
And somewhere children shout.
But there is no joy in Mud
ville;
For mighty Casey has struck
out.
Oh somewhere hearts are
happy,
And somewhere children shout.
But there is no joy in Mud
ville;
For mighty Casey has struck
out.
Oh somewhere hearts are
happy,
And somewhere children shout.
But there is no joy in Mud
ville;
For mighty Casey has struck
out.
Oh somewhere hearts are
happy,
And somewhere children shout.
But there is no joy in Mud
ville;
For mighty Casey has struck
out.
Oh somewhere hearts are
happy,
And somewhere children shout.
But there is no joy in Mud
ville;
For mighty Casey has struck
out.
Oh somewhere hearts are
happy,
And somewhere children shout.
But there is no joy in Mud
ville;
For mighty Casey has struck
out.
Oh somewhere hearts are
happy,
And somewhere children shout.
But there is no joy in Mud
ville;
For mighty Casey has struck
out.
Oh somewhere hearts are
happy,
And somewhere children shout.
But there is no joy in Mud
ville;
For mighty Casey has struck
out.
Oh somewhere hearts are
happy,
And somewhere children shout.
But there is no joy in Mud
ville;
For mighty Casey has struck
out.
Oh somewhere hearts are
happy,
And somewhere children shout.
But there is no joy in Mud
ville;
For mighty Casey has struck
out.
Oh somewhere hearts are
happy,
And somewhere children shout.
But there is no joy in Mud
ville;
For mighty Casey has struck
out.
Oh somewhere hearts are
happy,
And somewhere children shout.
But there is no joy in Mud
ville;
For mighty Casey has struck
out.
