# Dr. Creger to Address Pre-Meds at Reception
## 
### 
Dr. William P. Creger, Associ
ate Professor of Medicine at Stan
ford. will speak on "The Physician
as Sherlock Holmes” before third
and fourth year pre-med students
at a student sponsored reception
tonight at 7:30 in the Stanford
Medical Center. An informal dis
cussion between Stanford medical
students and pre-mods in the Med
ical Center lounge will follow
Creger’s address.
Medical student Robert Doßusk
said that student laboratories and
equipment will bo on display and
refreshments will he served at the
reception. He added that he hoped
all third and fourth year pre-med
students would attend, as the eve
ning is intended to give them a
“view” of Medical school life at
Stanford,
