# Hank's Last Season Nears
## 
### 

HANK LUISETTI, left, ace forward on the Indians' championship
basketball team, will open his last season under Coach John Bunn,
right, on December <i.


HANK LUISETTI, left, ace forward on the Indians' championship
basketball team, will open his last season under Coach John Bunn,
right, on December <i.


HANK LUISETTI, left, ace forward on the Indians' championship
basketball team, will open his last season under Coach John Bunn,
right, on December <i.


HANK LUISETTI, left, ace forward on the Indians' championship
basketball team, will open his last season under Coach John Bunn,
right, on December <i.


HANK LUISETTI, left, ace forward on the Indians' championship
basketball team, will open his last season under Coach John Bunn,
right, on December <i.


HANK LUISETTI, left, ace forward on the Indians' championship
basketball team, will open his last season under Coach John Bunn,
right, on December <i.


HANK LUISETTI, left, ace forward on the Indians' championship
basketball team, will open his last season under Coach John Bunn,
right, on December <i.


HANK LUISETTI, left, ace forward on the Indians' championship
basketball team, will open his last season under Coach John Bunn,
right, on December <i.


HANK LUISETTI, left, ace forward on the Indians' championship
basketball team, will open his last season under Coach John Bunn,
right, on December <i.


HANK LUISETTI, left, ace forward on the Indians' championship
basketball team, will open his last season under Coach John Bunn,
right, on December <i.


HANK LUISETTI, left, ace forward on the Indians' championship
basketball team, will open his last season under Coach John Bunn,
right, on December <i.


HANK LUISETTI, left, ace forward on the Indians' championship
basketball team, will open his last season under Coach John Bunn,
right, on December <i.


HANK LUISETTI, left, ace forward on the Indians' championship
basketball team, will open his last season under Coach John Bunn,
right, on December <i.


HANK LUISETTI, left, ace forward on the Indians' championship
basketball team, will open his last season under Coach John Bunn,
right, on December <i.


HANK LUISETTI, left, ace forward on the Indians' championship
basketball team, will open his last season under Coach John Bunn,
right, on December <i.


HANK LUISETTI, left, ace forward on the Indians' championship
basketball team, will open his last season under Coach John Bunn,
right, on December <i.

