# Briefly
## 
### 
Staff lunch
An important Daily staff lunch will
be held today at the Daily office at
noon. Candidates for editor George
Anders and David Ansley will present
their platforms and will subject
themselves to rigorous examination
by staffers. Lunch will be served.
Bloodmobile
The Red Cross Bloodmobile will be
at Tresidder today from noon to 3
p.m. Persons interested in donating
blood are encouraged to show up.
Volunteers needed
All interested persons at least 18
years of age and willing to pledge a
commitment of time and energy to
constructive patient care and sup
port services are urged to attend an
introductory presentation on volun
teeringat Children's Hospital at Stan
ford. The presentation will be held
tonight from 6 to 7 p.m. at Faber Au
ditorium at the hospital.
