# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Quite an interesting account of
the University of Chicago jippears
in the Peterson Magazine for Febru
ary. Suitable illustrations ac
company the sketch and add to its
attractiveness. The Stanford writer
who succeeds in getting a similar
sketch of his alma mater accepted
for publication in a well-known
magazine may rest assured of the
gratitude of his fellow students.
Quite an interesting account of
the University of Chicago jippears
in the Peterson Magazine for Febru
ary. Suitable illustrations ac
company the sketch and add to its
attractiveness. The Stanford writer
who succeeds in getting a similar
sketch of his alma mater accepted
for publication in a well-known
magazine may rest assured of the
gratitude of his fellow students.
Quite an interesting account of
the University of Chicago jippears
in the Peterson Magazine for Febru
ary. Suitable illustrations ac
company the sketch and add to its
attractiveness. The Stanford writer
who succeeds in getting a similar
sketch of his alma mater accepted
for publication in a well-known
magazine may rest assured of the
gratitude of his fellow students.
Quite an interesting account of
the University of Chicago jippears
in the Peterson Magazine for Febru
ary. Suitable illustrations ac
company the sketch and add to its
attractiveness. The Stanford writer
who succeeds in getting a similar
sketch of his alma mater accepted
for publication in a well-known
magazine may rest assured of the
gratitude of his fellow students.
Quite an interesting account of
the University of Chicago jippears
in the Peterson Magazine for Febru
ary. Suitable illustrations ac
company the sketch and add to its
attractiveness. The Stanford writer
who succeeds in getting a similar
sketch of his alma mater accepted
for publication in a well-known
magazine may rest assured of the
gratitude of his fellow students.
