# U.C. BASEBALL TICKET SALE WILL CONTINUE
## 
### 
Rooters' tickets for the baseball game
with California after the Big Meet Sat
urday afternoon may be secured in the
Old Union until 1 o'clock today. The
.sale was scheduled to close yesterday,
hut an extension of time was made to
allow late-comers to get tickets.

Five hundred rooters' tickets were sold
for the Big Meet and no further sale
will be held. However, general admission
tickets may be purchased at the gate for
both the track meet and the baseball
game.
Rooters' tickets for the baseball game
with California after the Big Meet Sat
urday afternoon may be secured in the
Old Union until 1 o'clock today. The
.sale was scheduled to close yesterday,
hut an extension of time was made to
allow late-comers to get tickets.

Five hundred rooters' tickets were sold
for the Big Meet and no further sale
will be held. However, general admission
tickets may be purchased at the gate for
both the track meet and the baseball
game.
Rooters' tickets for the baseball game
with California after the Big Meet Sat
urday afternoon may be secured in the
Old Union until 1 o'clock today. The
.sale was scheduled to close yesterday,
hut an extension of time was made to
allow late-comers to get tickets.

Five hundred rooters' tickets were sold
for the Big Meet and no further sale
will be held. However, general admission
tickets may be purchased at the gate for
both the track meet and the baseball
game.
Rooters' tickets for the baseball game
with California after the Big Meet Sat
urday afternoon may be secured in the
Old Union until 1 o'clock today. The
.sale was scheduled to close yesterday,
hut an extension of time was made to
allow late-comers to get tickets.

Five hundred rooters' tickets were sold
for the Big Meet and no further sale
will be held. However, general admission
tickets may be purchased at the gate for
both the track meet and the baseball
game.
Rooters' tickets for the baseball game
with California after the Big Meet Sat
urday afternoon may be secured in the
Old Union until 1 o'clock today. The
.sale was scheduled to close yesterday,
hut an extension of time was made to
allow late-comers to get tickets.

Five hundred rooters' tickets were sold
for the Big Meet and no further sale
will be held. However, general admission
tickets may be purchased at the gate for
both the track meet and the baseball
game.
Rooters' tickets for the baseball game
with California after the Big Meet Sat
urday afternoon may be secured in the
Old Union until 1 o'clock today. The
.sale was scheduled to close yesterday,
hut an extension of time was made to
allow late-comers to get tickets.

Five hundred rooters' tickets were sold
for the Big Meet and no further sale
will be held. However, general admission
tickets may be purchased at the gate for
both the track meet and the baseball
game.
Rooters' tickets for the baseball game
with California after the Big Meet Sat
urday afternoon may be secured in the
Old Union until 1 o'clock today. The
.sale was scheduled to close yesterday,
hut an extension of time was made to
allow late-comers to get tickets.

Five hundred rooters' tickets were sold
for the Big Meet and no further sale
will be held. However, general admission
tickets may be purchased at the gate for
both the track meet and the baseball
game.
Rooters' tickets for the baseball game
with California after the Big Meet Sat
urday afternoon may be secured in the
Old Union until 1 o'clock today. The
.sale was scheduled to close yesterday,
hut an extension of time was made to
allow late-comers to get tickets.

Five hundred rooters' tickets were sold
for the Big Meet and no further sale
will be held. However, general admission
tickets may be purchased at the gate for
both the track meet and the baseball
game.
Rooters' tickets for the baseball game
with California after the Big Meet Sat
urday afternoon may be secured in the
Old Union until 1 o'clock today. The
.sale was scheduled to close yesterday,
hut an extension of time was made to
allow late-comers to get tickets.

Five hundred rooters' tickets were sold
for the Big Meet and no further sale
will be held. However, general admission
tickets may be purchased at the gate for
both the track meet and the baseball
game.
Rooters' tickets for the baseball game
with California after the Big Meet Sat
urday afternoon may be secured in the
Old Union until 1 o'clock today. The
.sale was scheduled to close yesterday,
hut an extension of time was made to
allow late-comers to get tickets.

Five hundred rooters' tickets were sold
for the Big Meet and no further sale
will be held. However, general admission
tickets may be purchased at the gate for
both the track meet and the baseball
game.
Rooters' tickets for the baseball game
with California after the Big Meet Sat
urday afternoon may be secured in the
Old Union until 1 o'clock today. The
.sale was scheduled to close yesterday,
hut an extension of time was made to
allow late-comers to get tickets.

Five hundred rooters' tickets were sold
for the Big Meet and no further sale
will be held. However, general admission
tickets may be purchased at the gate for
both the track meet and the baseball
game.
Rooters' tickets for the baseball game
with California after the Big Meet Sat
urday afternoon may be secured in the
Old Union until 1 o'clock today. The
.sale was scheduled to close yesterday,
hut an extension of time was made to
allow late-comers to get tickets.

Five hundred rooters' tickets were sold
for the Big Meet and no further sale
will be held. However, general admission
tickets may be purchased at the gate for
both the track meet and the baseball
game.
Rooters' tickets for the baseball game
with California after the Big Meet Sat
urday afternoon may be secured in the
Old Union until 1 o'clock today. The
.sale was scheduled to close yesterday,
hut an extension of time was made to
allow late-comers to get tickets.

Five hundred rooters' tickets were sold
for the Big Meet and no further sale
will be held. However, general admission
tickets may be purchased at the gate for
both the track meet and the baseball
game.
Rooters' tickets for the baseball game
with California after the Big Meet Sat
urday afternoon may be secured in the
Old Union until 1 o'clock today. The
.sale was scheduled to close yesterday,
hut an extension of time was made to
allow late-comers to get tickets.

Five hundred rooters' tickets were sold
for the Big Meet and no further sale
will be held. However, general admission
tickets may be purchased at the gate for
both the track meet and the baseball
game.
Rooters' tickets for the baseball game
with California after the Big Meet Sat
urday afternoon may be secured in the
Old Union until 1 o'clock today. The
.sale was scheduled to close yesterday,
hut an extension of time was made to
allow late-comers to get tickets.

Five hundred rooters' tickets were sold
for the Big Meet and no further sale
will be held. However, general admission
tickets may be purchased at the gate for
both the track meet and the baseball
game.
Rooters' tickets for the baseball game
with California after the Big Meet Sat
urday afternoon may be secured in the
Old Union until 1 o'clock today. The
.sale was scheduled to close yesterday,
hut an extension of time was made to
allow late-comers to get tickets.

Five hundred rooters' tickets were sold
for the Big Meet and no further sale
will be held. However, general admission
tickets may be purchased at the gate for
both the track meet and the baseball
game.
