# Quads.
## 
### 
—The total number of students
now registered in Encina Hall is
276, of which number 25 are new
men.
—Delos D. Davis, '08, was mar
ried to Miss Ethel Spitzer, Satur
day, in San Jose. Davis is at
present principal of the Fresno
schools.
—Up to the present time ninety
nine women have registered in
Roble, Hall and there are accom
modations for four more. No more
single rooms are being rented.
—At a meeting of the Cooper
Ornithological Association to be
held in Alameda on January 9th,
M. P. Anderson, '04, will read a
paper on "A Bird Island in Cook
Inlet." Last summer Anderson was
doing zoological work in Alaska
for the American Museum of Nat
ural History, New York.
