# Stockholders Released.
## 
### 
The shareholders of the defunct
Stanford University Inn Club, who
have paid the assessment of $12.95,
levied upon all members in order
to liquidate the indebtedness of the
organization,today received receipts
from H. M. Johns, assignee for the
creditors of the Inn Club, releasing
them from all further responsibil
ity. A total of over a hundred
members have satisfied the obliga
tion, a number of men who are no
longer in college being included in
this total.
The shareholders of the defunct
Stanford University Inn Club, who
have paid the assessment of $12.95,
levied upon all members in order
to liquidate the indebtedness of the
organization,today received receipts
from H. M. Johns, assignee for the
creditors of the Inn Club, releasing
them from all further responsibil
ity. A total of over a hundred
members have satisfied the obliga
tion, a number of men who are no
longer in college being included in
this total.
The shareholders of the defunct
Stanford University Inn Club, who
have paid the assessment of $12.95,
levied upon all members in order
to liquidate the indebtedness of the
organization,today received receipts
from H. M. Johns, assignee for the
creditors of the Inn Club, releasing
them from all further responsibil
ity. A total of over a hundred
members have satisfied the obliga
tion, a number of men who are no
longer in college being included in
this total.
The shareholders of the defunct
Stanford University Inn Club, who
have paid the assessment of $12.95,
levied upon all members in order
to liquidate the indebtedness of the
organization,today received receipts
from H. M. Johns, assignee for the
creditors of the Inn Club, releasing
them from all further responsibil
ity. A total of over a hundred
members have satisfied the obliga
tion, a number of men who are no
longer in college being included in
this total.
The shareholders of the defunct
Stanford University Inn Club, who
have paid the assessment of $12.95,
levied upon all members in order
to liquidate the indebtedness of the
organization,today received receipts
from H. M. Johns, assignee for the
creditors of the Inn Club, releasing
them from all further responsibil
ity. A total of over a hundred
members have satisfied the obliga
tion, a number of men who are no
longer in college being included in
this total.
The shareholders of the defunct
Stanford University Inn Club, who
have paid the assessment of $12.95,
levied upon all members in order
to liquidate the indebtedness of the
organization,today received receipts
from H. M. Johns, assignee for the
creditors of the Inn Club, releasing
them from all further responsibil
ity. A total of over a hundred
members have satisfied the obliga
tion, a number of men who are no
longer in college being included in
this total.
The shareholders of the defunct
Stanford University Inn Club, who
have paid the assessment of $12.95,
levied upon all members in order
to liquidate the indebtedness of the
organization,today received receipts
from H. M. Johns, assignee for the
creditors of the Inn Club, releasing
them from all further responsibil
ity. A total of over a hundred
members have satisfied the obliga
tion, a number of men who are no
longer in college being included in
this total.
The shareholders of the defunct
Stanford University Inn Club, who
have paid the assessment of $12.95,
levied upon all members in order
to liquidate the indebtedness of the
organization,today received receipts
from H. M. Johns, assignee for the
creditors of the Inn Club, releasing
them from all further responsibil
ity. A total of over a hundred
members have satisfied the obliga
tion, a number of men who are no
longer in college being included in
this total.
