# Meeting of Alumni.
## 
### 
There was a meeting of the exec
utive committee of the Stanford
University Alumni Association yes
terday afternoon. Samuel W.
Charles, '98, business manager of
the Alumnus, read his report on the
financial condition of the paper.
At present the organ of the Alumni
Association is in a prosperous con
dition. After the report of the
business manager had been ac
cepted the committee discussed, in
a general way, the future policy of
the paper.
There was a meeting of the exec
utive committee of the Stanford
University Alumni Association yes
terday afternoon. Samuel W.
Charles, '98, business manager of
the Alumnus, read his report on the
financial condition of the paper.
At present the organ of the Alumni
Association is in a prosperous con
dition. After the report of the
business manager had been ac
cepted the committee discussed, in
a general way, the future policy of
the paper.
There was a meeting of the exec
utive committee of the Stanford
University Alumni Association yes
terday afternoon. Samuel W.
Charles, '98, business manager of
the Alumnus, read his report on the
financial condition of the paper.
At present the organ of the Alumni
Association is in a prosperous con
dition. After the report of the
business manager had been ac
cepted the committee discussed, in
a general way, the future policy of
the paper.
There was a meeting of the exec
utive committee of the Stanford
University Alumni Association yes
terday afternoon. Samuel W.
Charles, '98, business manager of
the Alumnus, read his report on the
financial condition of the paper.
At present the organ of the Alumni
Association is in a prosperous con
dition. After the report of the
business manager had been ac
cepted the committee discussed, in
a general way, the future policy of
the paper.
There was a meeting of the exec
utive committee of the Stanford
University Alumni Association yes
terday afternoon. Samuel W.
Charles, '98, business manager of
the Alumnus, read his report on the
financial condition of the paper.
At present the organ of the Alumni
Association is in a prosperous con
dition. After the report of the
business manager had been ac
cepted the committee discussed, in
a general way, the future policy of
the paper.
There was a meeting of the exec
utive committee of the Stanford
University Alumni Association yes
terday afternoon. Samuel W.
Charles, '98, business manager of
the Alumnus, read his report on the
financial condition of the paper.
At present the organ of the Alumni
Association is in a prosperous con
dition. After the report of the
business manager had been ac
cepted the committee discussed, in
a general way, the future policy of
the paper.
There was a meeting of the exec
utive committee of the Stanford
University Alumni Association yes
terday afternoon. Samuel W.
Charles, '98, business manager of
the Alumnus, read his report on the
financial condition of the paper.
At present the organ of the Alumni
Association is in a prosperous con
dition. After the report of the
business manager had been ac
cepted the committee discussed, in
a general way, the future policy of
the paper.
There was a meeting of the exec
utive committee of the Stanford
University Alumni Association yes
terday afternoon. Samuel W.
Charles, '98, business manager of
the Alumnus, read his report on the
financial condition of the paper.
At present the organ of the Alumni
Association is in a prosperous con
dition. After the report of the
business manager had been ac
cepted the committee discussed, in
a general way, the future policy of
the paper.
