# Zoology Research Work.
## 
### 
Work vvns carried on at Pacific
Grove during the Christmas recess
in the Hopkins Laboratory hy As
sociate Professor Heath of the
Zoology department and Assistants
W. K. Fisher, '01, M. H. Spaulding,
'03, W. C. Doane, '04, and C. F.
Palmer, B. S. Boston, '97. In ad
dition to research work some time
was devoted to the collection of
specimens for the different classes
in the Zoology laboratory.
Work vvns carried on at Pacific
Grove during the Christmas recess
in the Hopkins Laboratory hy As
sociate Professor Heath of the
Zoology department and Assistants
W. K. Fisher, '01, M. H. Spaulding,
'03, W. C. Doane, '04, and C. F.
Palmer, B. S. Boston, '97. In ad
dition to research work some time
was devoted to the collection of
specimens for the different classes
in the Zoology laboratory.
Work vvns carried on at Pacific
Grove during the Christmas recess
in the Hopkins Laboratory hy As
sociate Professor Heath of the
Zoology department and Assistants
W. K. Fisher, '01, M. H. Spaulding,
'03, W. C. Doane, '04, and C. F.
Palmer, B. S. Boston, '97. In ad
dition to research work some time
was devoted to the collection of
specimens for the different classes
in the Zoology laboratory.
Work vvns carried on at Pacific
Grove during the Christmas recess
in the Hopkins Laboratory hy As
sociate Professor Heath of the
Zoology department and Assistants
W. K. Fisher, '01, M. H. Spaulding,
'03, W. C. Doane, '04, and C. F.
Palmer, B. S. Boston, '97. In ad
dition to research work some time
was devoted to the collection of
specimens for the different classes
in the Zoology laboratory.
Work vvns carried on at Pacific
Grove during the Christmas recess
in the Hopkins Laboratory hy As
sociate Professor Heath of the
Zoology department and Assistants
W. K. Fisher, '01, M. H. Spaulding,
'03, W. C. Doane, '04, and C. F.
Palmer, B. S. Boston, '97. In ad
dition to research work some time
was devoted to the collection of
specimens for the different classes
in the Zoology laboratory.
Work vvns carried on at Pacific
Grove during the Christmas recess
in the Hopkins Laboratory hy As
sociate Professor Heath of the
Zoology department and Assistants
W. K. Fisher, '01, M. H. Spaulding,
'03, W. C. Doane, '04, and C. F.
Palmer, B. S. Boston, '97. In ad
dition to research work some time
was devoted to the collection of
specimens for the different classes
in the Zoology laboratory.
Work vvns carried on at Pacific
Grove during the Christmas recess
in the Hopkins Laboratory hy As
sociate Professor Heath of the
Zoology department and Assistants
W. K. Fisher, '01, M. H. Spaulding,
'03, W. C. Doane, '04, and C. F.
Palmer, B. S. Boston, '97. In ad
dition to research work some time
was devoted to the collection of
specimens for the different classes
in the Zoology laboratory.
Work vvns carried on at Pacific
Grove during the Christmas recess
in the Hopkins Laboratory hy As
sociate Professor Heath of the
Zoology department and Assistants
W. K. Fisher, '01, M. H. Spaulding,
'03, W. C. Doane, '04, and C. F.
Palmer, B. S. Boston, '97. In ad
dition to research work some time
was devoted to the collection of
specimens for the different classes
in the Zoology laboratory.
