# COSMOPOLITAN CLUB WILL HEAR FORMER CHINESE PROFESSOR
## 
### 
Lee Chit pin, former English pro
fessor at Ling-Nan College in Can
ton, China, and now assistant, in
the Public Speaking Department at
Stanford, will address the Cosmo
politan Club at their Sunday eve
ning dinner, May JN, at. <1 p.m. in
the alcove dining room of the
Union.
Chapin, who has spent some
years in China and who intends to
return there to practice law, will
give his humorous experiences as a
Chinese coolie ricksha-man and his
reactions as a temporary resident
of a Chinese monastery.
All foreign students and those
interested in internationalism are
urged to attend this dinner to hear
the final details of the barbecue
and picnic to be at Searsville Lake
on May 24. Pardee Lowe, president,
will also make an announcement at
that time regarding the date for
the second trip to Chinatown which
is being planned to take care of
those members who wore unable to
attend last, week's tour.
