# CARDS' ORCHESTRA WILL MAKE DEBUT ON TUESDAY NIGHT
## 
### 
Stanford's first symphony orches
tra will make its first appearance
on the campus next Tuesday night
at 7: :jo o'clock in the Assembly
Hall, when Daniel Bryant will di
rect the 45 pieces which comprise
the orchestra.
Organization was begun at the
beginning of winter quarter and
from that time on the group, com
posed of students and musicians
of the surrounding communities
have practiced regularly twice a
week. The first real concert was
given at the Parish house of the
Episcopal Church of Palo Alto last
Friday and parts of the orchestra
played during the intermissions of
"Granite" and"The Young Idea."
Tuesday's concert will he open
to the public free of admission. A
member of the San Francisco Sym-'
phony Concert Orchestra, W. Villa
ponda, will be the guest artist of '
the evening.
Stanford's first symphony orches
tra will make its first appearance
on the campus next Tuesday night
at 7: :jo o'clock in the Assembly
Hall, when Daniel Bryant will di
rect the 45 pieces which comprise
the orchestra.
Organization was begun at the
beginning of winter quarter and
from that time on the group, com
posed of students and musicians
of the surrounding communities
have practiced regularly twice a
week. The first real concert was
given at the Parish house of the
Episcopal Church of Palo Alto last
Friday and parts of the orchestra
played during the intermissions of
"Granite" and"The Young Idea."
Tuesday's concert will he open
to the public free of admission. A
member of the San Francisco Sym-'
phony Concert Orchestra, W. Villa
ponda, will be the guest artist of '
the evening.
Stanford's first symphony orches
tra will make its first appearance
on the campus next Tuesday night
at 7: :jo o'clock in the Assembly
Hall, when Daniel Bryant will di
rect the 45 pieces which comprise
the orchestra.
Organization was begun at the
beginning of winter quarter and
from that time on the group, com
posed of students and musicians
of the surrounding communities
have practiced regularly twice a
week. The first real concert was
given at the Parish house of the
Episcopal Church of Palo Alto last
Friday and parts of the orchestra
played during the intermissions of
"Granite" and"The Young Idea."
Tuesday's concert will he open
to the public free of admission. A
member of the San Francisco Sym-'
phony Concert Orchestra, W. Villa
ponda, will be the guest artist of '
the evening.
Stanford's first symphony orches
tra will make its first appearance
on the campus next Tuesday night
at 7: :jo o'clock in the Assembly
Hall, when Daniel Bryant will di
rect the 45 pieces which comprise
the orchestra.
Organization was begun at the
beginning of winter quarter and
from that time on the group, com
posed of students and musicians
of the surrounding communities
have practiced regularly twice a
week. The first real concert was
given at the Parish house of the
Episcopal Church of Palo Alto last
Friday and parts of the orchestra
played during the intermissions of
"Granite" and"The Young Idea."
Tuesday's concert will he open
to the public free of admission. A
member of the San Francisco Sym-'
phony Concert Orchestra, W. Villa
ponda, will be the guest artist of '
the evening.
Stanford's first symphony orches
tra will make its first appearance
on the campus next Tuesday night
at 7: :jo o'clock in the Assembly
Hall, when Daniel Bryant will di
rect the 45 pieces which comprise
the orchestra.
Organization was begun at the
beginning of winter quarter and
from that time on the group, com
posed of students and musicians
of the surrounding communities
have practiced regularly twice a
week. The first real concert was
given at the Parish house of the
Episcopal Church of Palo Alto last
Friday and parts of the orchestra
played during the intermissions of
"Granite" and"The Young Idea."
Tuesday's concert will he open
to the public free of admission. A
member of the San Francisco Sym-'
phony Concert Orchestra, W. Villa
ponda, will be the guest artist of '
the evening.
Stanford's first symphony orches
tra will make its first appearance
on the campus next Tuesday night
at 7: :jo o'clock in the Assembly
Hall, when Daniel Bryant will di
rect the 45 pieces which comprise
the orchestra.
Organization was begun at the
beginning of winter quarter and
from that time on the group, com
posed of students and musicians
of the surrounding communities
have practiced regularly twice a
week. The first real concert was
given at the Parish house of the
Episcopal Church of Palo Alto last
Friday and parts of the orchestra
played during the intermissions of
"Granite" and"The Young Idea."
Tuesday's concert will he open
to the public free of admission. A
member of the San Francisco Sym-'
phony Concert Orchestra, W. Villa
ponda, will be the guest artist of '
the evening.
Stanford's first symphony orches
tra will make its first appearance
on the campus next Tuesday night
at 7: :jo o'clock in the Assembly
Hall, when Daniel Bryant will di
rect the 45 pieces which comprise
the orchestra.
Organization was begun at the
beginning of winter quarter and
from that time on the group, com
posed of students and musicians
of the surrounding communities
have practiced regularly twice a
week. The first real concert was
given at the Parish house of the
Episcopal Church of Palo Alto last
Friday and parts of the orchestra
played during the intermissions of
"Granite" and"The Young Idea."
Tuesday's concert will he open
to the public free of admission. A
member of the San Francisco Sym-'
phony Concert Orchestra, W. Villa
ponda, will be the guest artist of '
the evening.
Stanford's first symphony orches
tra will make its first appearance
on the campus next Tuesday night
at 7: :jo o'clock in the Assembly
Hall, when Daniel Bryant will di
rect the 45 pieces which comprise
the orchestra.
Organization was begun at the
beginning of winter quarter and
from that time on the group, com
posed of students and musicians
of the surrounding communities
have practiced regularly twice a
week. The first real concert was
given at the Parish house of the
Episcopal Church of Palo Alto last
Friday and parts of the orchestra
played during the intermissions of
"Granite" and"The Young Idea."
Tuesday's concert will he open
to the public free of admission. A
member of the San Francisco Sym-'
phony Concert Orchestra, W. Villa
ponda, will be the guest artist of '
the evening.
Stanford's first symphony orches
tra will make its first appearance
on the campus next Tuesday night
at 7: :jo o'clock in the Assembly
Hall, when Daniel Bryant will di
rect the 45 pieces which comprise
the orchestra.
Organization was begun at the
beginning of winter quarter and
from that time on the group, com
posed of students and musicians
of the surrounding communities
have practiced regularly twice a
week. The first real concert was
given at the Parish house of the
Episcopal Church of Palo Alto last
Friday and parts of the orchestra
played during the intermissions of
"Granite" and"The Young Idea."
Tuesday's concert will he open
to the public free of admission. A
member of the San Francisco Sym-'
phony Concert Orchestra, W. Villa
ponda, will be the guest artist of '
the evening.
Stanford's first symphony orches
tra will make its first appearance
on the campus next Tuesday night
at 7: :jo o'clock in the Assembly
Hall, when Daniel Bryant will di
rect the 45 pieces which comprise
the orchestra.
Organization was begun at the
beginning of winter quarter and
from that time on the group, com
posed of students and musicians
of the surrounding communities
have practiced regularly twice a
week. The first real concert was
given at the Parish house of the
Episcopal Church of Palo Alto last
Friday and parts of the orchestra
played during the intermissions of
"Granite" and"The Young Idea."
Tuesday's concert will he open
to the public free of admission. A
member of the San Francisco Sym-'
phony Concert Orchestra, W. Villa
ponda, will be the guest artist of '
the evening.
Stanford's first symphony orches
tra will make its first appearance
on the campus next Tuesday night
at 7: :jo o'clock in the Assembly
Hall, when Daniel Bryant will di
rect the 45 pieces which comprise
the orchestra.
Organization was begun at the
beginning of winter quarter and
from that time on the group, com
posed of students and musicians
of the surrounding communities
have practiced regularly twice a
week. The first real concert was
given at the Parish house of the
Episcopal Church of Palo Alto last
Friday and parts of the orchestra
played during the intermissions of
"Granite" and"The Young Idea."
Tuesday's concert will he open
to the public free of admission. A
member of the San Francisco Sym-'
phony Concert Orchestra, W. Villa
ponda, will be the guest artist of '
the evening.
Stanford's first symphony orches
tra will make its first appearance
on the campus next Tuesday night
at 7: :jo o'clock in the Assembly
Hall, when Daniel Bryant will di
rect the 45 pieces which comprise
the orchestra.
Organization was begun at the
beginning of winter quarter and
from that time on the group, com
posed of students and musicians
of the surrounding communities
have practiced regularly twice a
week. The first real concert was
given at the Parish house of the
Episcopal Church of Palo Alto last
Friday and parts of the orchestra
played during the intermissions of
"Granite" and"The Young Idea."
Tuesday's concert will he open
to the public free of admission. A
member of the San Francisco Sym-'
phony Concert Orchestra, W. Villa
ponda, will be the guest artist of '
the evening.
Stanford's first symphony orches
tra will make its first appearance
on the campus next Tuesday night
at 7: :jo o'clock in the Assembly
Hall, when Daniel Bryant will di
rect the 45 pieces which comprise
the orchestra.
Organization was begun at the
beginning of winter quarter and
from that time on the group, com
posed of students and musicians
of the surrounding communities
have practiced regularly twice a
week. The first real concert was
given at the Parish house of the
Episcopal Church of Palo Alto last
Friday and parts of the orchestra
played during the intermissions of
"Granite" and"The Young Idea."
Tuesday's concert will he open
to the public free of admission. A
member of the San Francisco Sym-'
phony Concert Orchestra, W. Villa
ponda, will be the guest artist of '
the evening.
Stanford's first symphony orches
tra will make its first appearance
on the campus next Tuesday night
at 7: :jo o'clock in the Assembly
Hall, when Daniel Bryant will di
rect the 45 pieces which comprise
the orchestra.
Organization was begun at the
beginning of winter quarter and
from that time on the group, com
posed of students and musicians
of the surrounding communities
have practiced regularly twice a
week. The first real concert was
given at the Parish house of the
Episcopal Church of Palo Alto last
Friday and parts of the orchestra
played during the intermissions of
"Granite" and"The Young Idea."
Tuesday's concert will he open
to the public free of admission. A
member of the San Francisco Sym-'
phony Concert Orchestra, W. Villa
ponda, will be the guest artist of '
the evening.
