# Untitled Article
## 
### 
COLOGNE, Germany, May 14. (AP)
—Bill Tiklen defeated" two of Ger
many's foremost tennis players to
day and won a third victory in
mixed doubles.
COLOGNE, Germany, May 14. (AP)
—Bill Tiklen defeated" two of Ger
many's foremost tennis players to
day and won a third victory in
mixed doubles.
COLOGNE, Germany, May 14. (AP)
—Bill Tiklen defeated" two of Ger
many's foremost tennis players to
day and won a third victory in
mixed doubles.
COLOGNE, Germany, May 14. (AP)
—Bill Tiklen defeated" two of Ger
many's foremost tennis players to
day and won a third victory in
mixed doubles.
COLOGNE, Germany, May 14. (AP)
—Bill Tiklen defeated" two of Ger
many's foremost tennis players to
day and won a third victory in
mixed doubles.
COLOGNE, Germany, May 14. (AP)
—Bill Tiklen defeated" two of Ger
many's foremost tennis players to
day and won a third victory in
mixed doubles.
COLOGNE, Germany, May 14. (AP)
—Bill Tiklen defeated" two of Ger
many's foremost tennis players to
day and won a third victory in
mixed doubles.
COLOGNE, Germany, May 14. (AP)
—Bill Tiklen defeated" two of Ger
many's foremost tennis players to
day and won a third victory in
mixed doubles.
COLOGNE, Germany, May 14. (AP)
—Bill Tiklen defeated" two of Ger
many's foremost tennis players to
day and won a third victory in
mixed doubles.
COLOGNE, Germany, May 14. (AP)
—Bill Tiklen defeated" two of Ger
many's foremost tennis players to
day and won a third victory in
mixed doubles.
COLOGNE, Germany, May 14. (AP)
—Bill Tiklen defeated" two of Ger
many's foremost tennis players to
day and won a third victory in
mixed doubles.
COLOGNE, Germany, May 14. (AP)
—Bill Tiklen defeated" two of Ger
many's foremost tennis players to
day and won a third victory in
mixed doubles.
COLOGNE, Germany, May 14. (AP)
—Bill Tiklen defeated" two of Ger
many's foremost tennis players to
day and won a third victory in
mixed doubles.
COLOGNE, Germany, May 14. (AP)
—Bill Tiklen defeated" two of Ger
many's foremost tennis players to
day and won a third victory in
mixed doubles.
