# Adv. 10 Page 3
## 
### 
Tmon
togeta
MatedGrape-Nuts
Some drink! Malted!
Rich! Creamy!
Smooth, and just
sweet enough. Malted
Grape - Nuts, choco
late flavored —a new
form of the famous
food. It's great for
you—and you'll de
light in the tangy
chocolate flavor. Try
one right away!
Malted Grape-Nuts
Chocolate
Flavored
© 1925 P. C. Co.
Tmon
togeta
MatedGrape-Nuts
Some drink! Malted!
Rich! Creamy!
Smooth, and just
sweet enough. Malted
Grape - Nuts, choco
late flavored —a new
form of the famous
food. It's great for
you—and you'll de
light in the tangy
chocolate flavor. Try
one right away!
Malted Grape-Nuts
Chocolate
Flavored
© 1925 P. C. Co.
Tmon
togeta
MatedGrape-Nuts
Some drink! Malted!
Rich! Creamy!
Smooth, and just
sweet enough. Malted
Grape - Nuts, choco
late flavored —a new
form of the famous
food. It's great for
you—and you'll de
light in the tangy
chocolate flavor. Try
one right away!
Malted Grape-Nuts
Chocolate
Flavored
© 1925 P. C. Co.
Tmon
togeta
MatedGrape-Nuts
Some drink! Malted!
Rich! Creamy!
Smooth, and just
sweet enough. Malted
Grape - Nuts, choco
late flavored —a new
form of the famous
food. It's great for
you—and you'll de
light in the tangy
chocolate flavor. Try
one right away!
Malted Grape-Nuts
Chocolate
Flavored
© 1925 P. C. Co.
Tmon
togeta
MatedGrape-Nuts
Some drink! Malted!
Rich! Creamy!
Smooth, and just
sweet enough. Malted
Grape - Nuts, choco
late flavored —a new
form of the famous
food. It's great for
you—and you'll de
light in the tangy
chocolate flavor. Try
one right away!
Malted Grape-Nuts
Chocolate
Flavored
© 1925 P. C. Co.
Tmon
togeta
MatedGrape-Nuts
Some drink! Malted!
Rich! Creamy!
Smooth, and just
sweet enough. Malted
Grape - Nuts, choco
late flavored —a new
form of the famous
food. It's great for
you—and you'll de
light in the tangy
chocolate flavor. Try
one right away!
Malted Grape-Nuts
Chocolate
Flavored
© 1925 P. C. Co.
Tmon
togeta
MatedGrape-Nuts
Some drink! Malted!
Rich! Creamy!
Smooth, and just
sweet enough. Malted
Grape - Nuts, choco
late flavored —a new
form of the famous
food. It's great for
you—and you'll de
light in the tangy
chocolate flavor. Try
one right away!
Malted Grape-Nuts
Chocolate
Flavored
© 1925 P. C. Co.
Tmon
togeta
MatedGrape-Nuts
Some drink! Malted!
Rich! Creamy!
Smooth, and just
sweet enough. Malted
Grape - Nuts, choco
late flavored —a new
form of the famous
food. It's great for
you—and you'll de
light in the tangy
chocolate flavor. Try
one right away!
Malted Grape-Nuts
Chocolate
Flavored
© 1925 P. C. Co.
Tmon
togeta
MatedGrape-Nuts
Some drink! Malted!
Rich! Creamy!
Smooth, and just
sweet enough. Malted
Grape - Nuts, choco
late flavored —a new
form of the famous
food. It's great for
you—and you'll de
light in the tangy
chocolate flavor. Try
one right away!
Malted Grape-Nuts
Chocolate
Flavored
© 1925 P. C. Co.
Tmon
togeta
MatedGrape-Nuts
Some drink! Malted!
Rich! Creamy!
Smooth, and just
sweet enough. Malted
Grape - Nuts, choco
late flavored —a new
form of the famous
food. It's great for
you—and you'll de
light in the tangy
chocolate flavor. Try
one right away!
Malted Grape-Nuts
Chocolate
Flavored
© 1925 P. C. Co.
Tmon
togeta
MatedGrape-Nuts
Some drink! Malted!
Rich! Creamy!
Smooth, and just
sweet enough. Malted
Grape - Nuts, choco
late flavored —a new
form of the famous
food. It's great for
you—and you'll de
light in the tangy
chocolate flavor. Try
one right away!
Malted Grape-Nuts
Chocolate
Flavored
© 1925 P. C. Co.
Tmon
togeta
MatedGrape-Nuts
Some drink! Malted!
Rich! Creamy!
Smooth, and just
sweet enough. Malted
Grape - Nuts, choco
late flavored —a new
form of the famous
food. It's great for
you—and you'll de
light in the tangy
chocolate flavor. Try
one right away!
Malted Grape-Nuts
Chocolate
Flavored
© 1925 P. C. Co.
Tmon
togeta
MatedGrape-Nuts
Some drink! Malted!
Rich! Creamy!
Smooth, and just
sweet enough. Malted
Grape - Nuts, choco
late flavored —a new
form of the famous
food. It's great for
you—and you'll de
light in the tangy
chocolate flavor. Try
one right away!
Malted Grape-Nuts
Chocolate
Flavored
© 1925 P. C. Co.
Tmon
togeta
MatedGrape-Nuts
Some drink! Malted!
Rich! Creamy!
Smooth, and just
sweet enough. Malted
Grape - Nuts, choco
late flavored —a new
form of the famous
food. It's great for
you—and you'll de
light in the tangy
chocolate flavor. Try
one right away!
Malted Grape-Nuts
Chocolate
Flavored
© 1925 P. C. Co.
Tmon
togeta
MatedGrape-Nuts
Some drink! Malted!
Rich! Creamy!
Smooth, and just
sweet enough. Malted
Grape - Nuts, choco
late flavored —a new
form of the famous
food. It's great for
you—and you'll de
light in the tangy
chocolate flavor. Try
one right away!
Malted Grape-Nuts
Chocolate
Flavored
© 1925 P. C. Co.
