# UNIVERSITY 1100 YEARS OLD
## 
### 
The University of Pavia, in Italy,
claiming the distinction of being the
oldest European university, recently
celebrated its eleventh centenary.
The University of Pavia, in Italy,
claiming the distinction of being the
oldest European university, recently
celebrated its eleventh centenary.
The University of Pavia, in Italy,
claiming the distinction of being the
oldest European university, recently
celebrated its eleventh centenary.
The University of Pavia, in Italy,
claiming the distinction of being the
oldest European university, recently
celebrated its eleventh centenary.
The University of Pavia, in Italy,
claiming the distinction of being the
oldest European university, recently
celebrated its eleventh centenary.
The University of Pavia, in Italy,
claiming the distinction of being the
oldest European university, recently
celebrated its eleventh centenary.
The University of Pavia, in Italy,
claiming the distinction of being the
oldest European university, recently
celebrated its eleventh centenary.
The University of Pavia, in Italy,
claiming the distinction of being the
oldest European university, recently
celebrated its eleventh centenary.
The University of Pavia, in Italy,
claiming the distinction of being the
oldest European university, recently
celebrated its eleventh centenary.
The University of Pavia, in Italy,
claiming the distinction of being the
oldest European university, recently
celebrated its eleventh centenary.
The University of Pavia, in Italy,
claiming the distinction of being the
oldest European university, recently
celebrated its eleventh centenary.
The University of Pavia, in Italy,
claiming the distinction of being the
oldest European university, recently
celebrated its eleventh centenary.
The University of Pavia, in Italy,
claiming the distinction of being the
oldest European university, recently
celebrated its eleventh centenary.
The University of Pavia, in Italy,
claiming the distinction of being the
oldest European university, recently
celebrated its eleventh centenary.
The University of Pavia, in Italy,
claiming the distinction of being the
oldest European university, recently
celebrated its eleventh centenary.
