# CHEMISTRY CHAIR ESTABLISHED
## 
### 
McGill University has established a
new chair —that of industrial chemis
try. Professor Harold Hibbert, late of
Yale, has been given the appointment.
McGill University has established a
new chair —that of industrial chemis
try. Professor Harold Hibbert, late of
Yale, has been given the appointment.
McGill University has established a
new chair —that of industrial chemis
try. Professor Harold Hibbert, late of
Yale, has been given the appointment.
McGill University has established a
new chair —that of industrial chemis
try. Professor Harold Hibbert, late of
Yale, has been given the appointment.
McGill University has established a
new chair —that of industrial chemis
try. Professor Harold Hibbert, late of
Yale, has been given the appointment.
McGill University has established a
new chair —that of industrial chemis
try. Professor Harold Hibbert, late of
Yale, has been given the appointment.
McGill University has established a
new chair —that of industrial chemis
try. Professor Harold Hibbert, late of
Yale, has been given the appointment.
McGill University has established a
new chair —that of industrial chemis
try. Professor Harold Hibbert, late of
Yale, has been given the appointment.
McGill University has established a
new chair —that of industrial chemis
try. Professor Harold Hibbert, late of
Yale, has been given the appointment.
McGill University has established a
new chair —that of industrial chemis
try. Professor Harold Hibbert, late of
Yale, has been given the appointment.
McGill University has established a
new chair —that of industrial chemis
try. Professor Harold Hibbert, late of
Yale, has been given the appointment.
McGill University has established a
new chair —that of industrial chemis
try. Professor Harold Hibbert, late of
Yale, has been given the appointment.
McGill University has established a
new chair —that of industrial chemis
try. Professor Harold Hibbert, late of
Yale, has been given the appointment.
McGill University has established a
new chair —that of industrial chemis
try. Professor Harold Hibbert, late of
Yale, has been given the appointment.
McGill University has established a
new chair —that of industrial chemis
try. Professor Harold Hibbert, late of
Yale, has been given the appointment.
