# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Quilted
Robe
Tailored but Dainty
Baby pink roses on a white
background. Diagonal satin
weave with an all-around
self-belt. Large pockets, and
a deep turn-back collar.
$17.95
ALTO
Quilted
Robe
Tailored but Dainty
Baby pink roses on a white
background. Diagonal satin
weave with an all-around
self-belt. Large pockets, and
a deep turn-back collar.
$17.95
ALTO
Quilted
Robe
Tailored but Dainty
Baby pink roses on a white
background. Diagonal satin
weave with an all-around
self-belt. Large pockets, and
a deep turn-back collar.
$17.95
ALTO
Quilted
Robe
Tailored but Dainty
Baby pink roses on a white
background. Diagonal satin
weave with an all-around
self-belt. Large pockets, and
a deep turn-back collar.
$17.95
ALTO
Quilted
Robe
Tailored but Dainty
Baby pink roses on a white
background. Diagonal satin
weave with an all-around
self-belt. Large pockets, and
a deep turn-back collar.
$17.95
ALTO
Quilted
Robe
Tailored but Dainty
Baby pink roses on a white
background. Diagonal satin
weave with an all-around
self-belt. Large pockets, and
a deep turn-back collar.
$17.95
ALTO
Quilted
Robe
Tailored but Dainty
Baby pink roses on a white
background. Diagonal satin
weave with an all-around
self-belt. Large pockets, and
a deep turn-back collar.
$17.95
ALTO
Quilted
Robe
Tailored but Dainty
Baby pink roses on a white
background. Diagonal satin
weave with an all-around
self-belt. Large pockets, and
a deep turn-back collar.
$17.95
ALTO
Quilted
Robe
Tailored but Dainty
Baby pink roses on a white
background. Diagonal satin
weave with an all-around
self-belt. Large pockets, and
a deep turn-back collar.
$17.95
ALTO
Quilted
Robe
Tailored but Dainty
Baby pink roses on a white
background. Diagonal satin
weave with an all-around
self-belt. Large pockets, and
a deep turn-back collar.
$17.95
ALTO
Quilted
Robe
Tailored but Dainty
Baby pink roses on a white
background. Diagonal satin
weave with an all-around
self-belt. Large pockets, and
a deep turn-back collar.
$17.95
ALTO
Quilted
Robe
Tailored but Dainty
Baby pink roses on a white
background. Diagonal satin
weave with an all-around
self-belt. Large pockets, and
a deep turn-back collar.
$17.95
ALTO
Quilted
Robe
Tailored but Dainty
Baby pink roses on a white
background. Diagonal satin
weave with an all-around
self-belt. Large pockets, and
a deep turn-back collar.
$17.95
ALTO
Quilted
Robe
Tailored but Dainty
Baby pink roses on a white
background. Diagonal satin
weave with an all-around
self-belt. Large pockets, and
a deep turn-back collar.
$17.95
ALTO
Quilted
Robe
Tailored but Dainty
Baby pink roses on a white
background. Diagonal satin
weave with an all-around
self-belt. Large pockets, and
a deep turn-back collar.
$17.95
ALTO
Quilted
Robe
Tailored but Dainty
Baby pink roses on a white
background. Diagonal satin
weave with an all-around
self-belt. Large pockets, and
a deep turn-back collar.
$17.95
ALTO
