# Naval Aviators Map Route For Mass Flight to Hawaii
## 
### 

The fliers chosen to pilot six
Navy seaplanes on a mass
flight from San Francisco to
Honolulu study a map of their

route at the Naval Air Sta
tion at San Diego, Cal. Left
to right, Lieut. - Commander
Knefller McGinnis, command-

er of the flight, and Lieuten
ants H. J. Mcßoberts, F. A.
Davis, T. D. Guinn, J. Perry,
and J. K. Averill.

The fliers chosen to pilot six
Navy seaplanes on a mass
flight from San Francisco to
Honolulu study a map of their

route at the Naval Air Sta
tion at San Diego, Cal. Left
to right, Lieut. - Commander
Knefller McGinnis, command-

er of the flight, and Lieuten
ants H. J. Mcßoberts, F. A.
Davis, T. D. Guinn, J. Perry,
and J. K. Averill.

The fliers chosen to pilot six
Navy seaplanes on a mass
flight from San Francisco to
Honolulu study a map of their

route at the Naval Air Sta
tion at San Diego, Cal. Left
to right, Lieut. - Commander
Knefller McGinnis, command-

er of the flight, and Lieuten
ants H. J. Mcßoberts, F. A.
Davis, T. D. Guinn, J. Perry,
and J. K. Averill.

The fliers chosen to pilot six
Navy seaplanes on a mass
flight from San Francisco to
Honolulu study a map of their

route at the Naval Air Sta
tion at San Diego, Cal. Left
to right, Lieut. - Commander
Knefller McGinnis, command-

er of the flight, and Lieuten
ants H. J. Mcßoberts, F. A.
Davis, T. D. Guinn, J. Perry,
and J. K. Averill.

The fliers chosen to pilot six
Navy seaplanes on a mass
flight from San Francisco to
Honolulu study a map of their

route at the Naval Air Sta
tion at San Diego, Cal. Left
to right, Lieut. - Commander
Knefller McGinnis, command-

er of the flight, and Lieuten
ants H. J. Mcßoberts, F. A.
Davis, T. D. Guinn, J. Perry,
and J. K. Averill.

The fliers chosen to pilot six
Navy seaplanes on a mass
flight from San Francisco to
Honolulu study a map of their

route at the Naval Air Sta
tion at San Diego, Cal. Left
to right, Lieut. - Commander
Knefller McGinnis, command-

er of the flight, and Lieuten
ants H. J. Mcßoberts, F. A.
Davis, T. D. Guinn, J. Perry,
and J. K. Averill.

The fliers chosen to pilot six
Navy seaplanes on a mass
flight from San Francisco to
Honolulu study a map of their

route at the Naval Air Sta
tion at San Diego, Cal. Left
to right, Lieut. - Commander
Knefller McGinnis, command-

er of the flight, and Lieuten
ants H. J. Mcßoberts, F. A.
Davis, T. D. Guinn, J. Perry,
and J. K. Averill.

The fliers chosen to pilot six
Navy seaplanes on a mass
flight from San Francisco to
Honolulu study a map of their

route at the Naval Air Sta
tion at San Diego, Cal. Left
to right, Lieut. - Commander
Knefller McGinnis, command-

er of the flight, and Lieuten
ants H. J. Mcßoberts, F. A.
Davis, T. D. Guinn, J. Perry,
and J. K. Averill.

The fliers chosen to pilot six
Navy seaplanes on a mass
flight from San Francisco to
Honolulu study a map of their

route at the Naval Air Sta
tion at San Diego, Cal. Left
to right, Lieut. - Commander
Knefller McGinnis, command-

er of the flight, and Lieuten
ants H. J. Mcßoberts, F. A.
Davis, T. D. Guinn, J. Perry,
and J. K. Averill.

The fliers chosen to pilot six
Navy seaplanes on a mass
flight from San Francisco to
Honolulu study a map of their

route at the Naval Air Sta
tion at San Diego, Cal. Left
to right, Lieut. - Commander
Knefller McGinnis, command-

er of the flight, and Lieuten
ants H. J. Mcßoberts, F. A.
Davis, T. D. Guinn, J. Perry,
and J. K. Averill.

The fliers chosen to pilot six
Navy seaplanes on a mass
flight from San Francisco to
Honolulu study a map of their

route at the Naval Air Sta
tion at San Diego, Cal. Left
to right, Lieut. - Commander
Knefller McGinnis, command-

er of the flight, and Lieuten
ants H. J. Mcßoberts, F. A.
Davis, T. D. Guinn, J. Perry,
and J. K. Averill.

The fliers chosen to pilot six
Navy seaplanes on a mass
flight from San Francisco to
Honolulu study a map of their

route at the Naval Air Sta
tion at San Diego, Cal. Left
to right, Lieut. - Commander
Knefller McGinnis, command-

er of the flight, and Lieuten
ants H. J. Mcßoberts, F. A.
Davis, T. D. Guinn, J. Perry,
and J. K. Averill.

The fliers chosen to pilot six
Navy seaplanes on a mass
flight from San Francisco to
Honolulu study a map of their

route at the Naval Air Sta
tion at San Diego, Cal. Left
to right, Lieut. - Commander
Knefller McGinnis, command-

er of the flight, and Lieuten
ants H. J. Mcßoberts, F. A.
Davis, T. D. Guinn, J. Perry,
and J. K. Averill.

The fliers chosen to pilot six
Navy seaplanes on a mass
flight from San Francisco to
Honolulu study a map of their

route at the Naval Air Sta
tion at San Diego, Cal. Left
to right, Lieut. - Commander
Knefller McGinnis, command-

er of the flight, and Lieuten
ants H. J. Mcßoberts, F. A.
Davis, T. D. Guinn, J. Perry,
and J. K. Averill.

The fliers chosen to pilot six
Navy seaplanes on a mass
flight from San Francisco to
Honolulu study a map of their

route at the Naval Air Sta
tion at San Diego, Cal. Left
to right, Lieut. - Commander
Knefller McGinnis, command-

er of the flight, and Lieuten
ants H. J. Mcßoberts, F. A.
Davis, T. D. Guinn, J. Perry,
and J. K. Averill.
