# Urges A Low Tax At Liquor Hearing
## 
### 

Joseph H. Choate, jr., chairman of
the federal alcohol control
tration, appearing before the joint
congressional committee hearing in
Washington, advocated a liquor tax
low enough to squeeze out the boot
legger. (Associated Press Photo)

Joseph H. Choate, jr., chairman of
the federal alcohol control
tration, appearing before the joint
congressional committee hearing in
Washington, advocated a liquor tax
low enough to squeeze out the boot
legger. (Associated Press Photo)

Joseph H. Choate, jr., chairman of
the federal alcohol control
tration, appearing before the joint
congressional committee hearing in
Washington, advocated a liquor tax
low enough to squeeze out the boot
legger. (Associated Press Photo)

Joseph H. Choate, jr., chairman of
the federal alcohol control
tration, appearing before the joint
congressional committee hearing in
Washington, advocated a liquor tax
low enough to squeeze out the boot
legger. (Associated Press Photo)

Joseph H. Choate, jr., chairman of
the federal alcohol control
tration, appearing before the joint
congressional committee hearing in
Washington, advocated a liquor tax
low enough to squeeze out the boot
legger. (Associated Press Photo)

Joseph H. Choate, jr., chairman of
the federal alcohol control
tration, appearing before the joint
congressional committee hearing in
Washington, advocated a liquor tax
low enough to squeeze out the boot
legger. (Associated Press Photo)

Joseph H. Choate, jr., chairman of
the federal alcohol control
tration, appearing before the joint
congressional committee hearing in
Washington, advocated a liquor tax
low enough to squeeze out the boot
legger. (Associated Press Photo)

Joseph H. Choate, jr., chairman of
the federal alcohol control
tration, appearing before the joint
congressional committee hearing in
Washington, advocated a liquor tax
low enough to squeeze out the boot
legger. (Associated Press Photo)

Joseph H. Choate, jr., chairman of
the federal alcohol control
tration, appearing before the joint
congressional committee hearing in
Washington, advocated a liquor tax
low enough to squeeze out the boot
legger. (Associated Press Photo)

Joseph H. Choate, jr., chairman of
the federal alcohol control
tration, appearing before the joint
congressional committee hearing in
Washington, advocated a liquor tax
low enough to squeeze out the boot
legger. (Associated Press Photo)

Joseph H. Choate, jr., chairman of
the federal alcohol control
tration, appearing before the joint
congressional committee hearing in
Washington, advocated a liquor tax
low enough to squeeze out the boot
legger. (Associated Press Photo)

Joseph H. Choate, jr., chairman of
the federal alcohol control
tration, appearing before the joint
congressional committee hearing in
Washington, advocated a liquor tax
low enough to squeeze out the boot
legger. (Associated Press Photo)

Joseph H. Choate, jr., chairman of
the federal alcohol control
tration, appearing before the joint
congressional committee hearing in
Washington, advocated a liquor tax
low enough to squeeze out the boot
legger. (Associated Press Photo)

Joseph H. Choate, jr., chairman of
the federal alcohol control
tration, appearing before the joint
congressional committee hearing in
Washington, advocated a liquor tax
low enough to squeeze out the boot
legger. (Associated Press Photo)

Joseph H. Choate, jr., chairman of
the federal alcohol control
tration, appearing before the joint
congressional committee hearing in
Washington, advocated a liquor tax
low enough to squeeze out the boot
legger. (Associated Press Photo)
