# INTRAMURAL TENNIS
## 
### 
Entries for the intra-mural tennis
matches are being received now. It
it; hoped that the entries will ho
completed by the end of next week.
Matches will consist of two singles
ind one doubles. Those interested
may sign up on the bulletin board
in the Men's Gym.
Entries for the intra-mural tennis
matches are being received now. It
it; hoped that the entries will ho
completed by the end of next week.
Matches will consist of two singles
ind one doubles. Those interested
may sign up on the bulletin board
in the Men's Gym.
Entries for the intra-mural tennis
matches are being received now. It
it; hoped that the entries will ho
completed by the end of next week.
Matches will consist of two singles
ind one doubles. Those interested
may sign up on the bulletin board
in the Men's Gym.
Entries for the intra-mural tennis
matches are being received now. It
it; hoped that the entries will ho
completed by the end of next week.
Matches will consist of two singles
ind one doubles. Those interested
may sign up on the bulletin board
in the Men's Gym.
Entries for the intra-mural tennis
matches are being received now. It
it; hoped that the entries will ho
completed by the end of next week.
Matches will consist of two singles
ind one doubles. Those interested
may sign up on the bulletin board
in the Men's Gym.
Entries for the intra-mural tennis
matches are being received now. It
it; hoped that the entries will ho
completed by the end of next week.
Matches will consist of two singles
ind one doubles. Those interested
may sign up on the bulletin board
in the Men's Gym.
Entries for the intra-mural tennis
matches are being received now. It
it; hoped that the entries will ho
completed by the end of next week.
Matches will consist of two singles
ind one doubles. Those interested
may sign up on the bulletin board
in the Men's Gym.
Entries for the intra-mural tennis
matches are being received now. It
it; hoped that the entries will ho
completed by the end of next week.
Matches will consist of two singles
ind one doubles. Those interested
may sign up on the bulletin board
in the Men's Gym.
Entries for the intra-mural tennis
matches are being received now. It
it; hoped that the entries will ho
completed by the end of next week.
Matches will consist of two singles
ind one doubles. Those interested
may sign up on the bulletin board
in the Men's Gym.
Entries for the intra-mural tennis
matches are being received now. It
it; hoped that the entries will ho
completed by the end of next week.
Matches will consist of two singles
ind one doubles. Those interested
may sign up on the bulletin board
in the Men's Gym.
Entries for the intra-mural tennis
matches are being received now. It
it; hoped that the entries will ho
completed by the end of next week.
Matches will consist of two singles
ind one doubles. Those interested
may sign up on the bulletin board
in the Men's Gym.
Entries for the intra-mural tennis
matches are being received now. It
it; hoped that the entries will ho
completed by the end of next week.
Matches will consist of two singles
ind one doubles. Those interested
may sign up on the bulletin board
in the Men's Gym.
Entries for the intra-mural tennis
matches are being received now. It
it; hoped that the entries will ho
completed by the end of next week.
Matches will consist of two singles
ind one doubles. Those interested
may sign up on the bulletin board
in the Men's Gym.
Entries for the intra-mural tennis
matches are being received now. It
it; hoped that the entries will ho
completed by the end of next week.
Matches will consist of two singles
ind one doubles. Those interested
may sign up on the bulletin board
in the Men's Gym.
Entries for the intra-mural tennis
matches are being received now. It
it; hoped that the entries will ho
completed by the end of next week.
Matches will consist of two singles
ind one doubles. Those interested
may sign up on the bulletin board
in the Men's Gym.
