# Debate Council Sponsors Dinner At Union Tonight
## 
### 
Debating council and Delta Sigma
Rho, honorary debating fraternity,
will sponsor a dinner at the Union
at G: 15 o'clock tonight. All inter
ested in attending should get in
touch with Lee Chapin at his office
it the Union.
There i.s a large and extensive
program planned for the year, and
every one at all interested in de
hating should be present tonight.
Debating council and Delta Sigma
Rho, honorary debating fraternity,
will sponsor a dinner at the Union
at G: 15 o'clock tonight. All inter
ested in attending should get in
touch with Lee Chapin at his office
it the Union.
There i.s a large and extensive
program planned for the year, and
every one at all interested in de
hating should be present tonight.
Debating council and Delta Sigma
Rho, honorary debating fraternity,
will sponsor a dinner at the Union
at G: 15 o'clock tonight. All inter
ested in attending should get in
touch with Lee Chapin at his office
it the Union.
There i.s a large and extensive
program planned for the year, and
every one at all interested in de
hating should be present tonight.
Debating council and Delta Sigma
Rho, honorary debating fraternity,
will sponsor a dinner at the Union
at G: 15 o'clock tonight. All inter
ested in attending should get in
touch with Lee Chapin at his office
it the Union.
There i.s a large and extensive
program planned for the year, and
every one at all interested in de
hating should be present tonight.
Debating council and Delta Sigma
Rho, honorary debating fraternity,
will sponsor a dinner at the Union
at G: 15 o'clock tonight. All inter
ested in attending should get in
touch with Lee Chapin at his office
it the Union.
There i.s a large and extensive
program planned for the year, and
every one at all interested in de
hating should be present tonight.
Debating council and Delta Sigma
Rho, honorary debating fraternity,
will sponsor a dinner at the Union
at G: 15 o'clock tonight. All inter
ested in attending should get in
touch with Lee Chapin at his office
it the Union.
There i.s a large and extensive
program planned for the year, and
every one at all interested in de
hating should be present tonight.
Debating council and Delta Sigma
Rho, honorary debating fraternity,
will sponsor a dinner at the Union
at G: 15 o'clock tonight. All inter
ested in attending should get in
touch with Lee Chapin at his office
it the Union.
There i.s a large and extensive
program planned for the year, and
every one at all interested in de
hating should be present tonight.
Debating council and Delta Sigma
Rho, honorary debating fraternity,
will sponsor a dinner at the Union
at G: 15 o'clock tonight. All inter
ested in attending should get in
touch with Lee Chapin at his office
it the Union.
There i.s a large and extensive
program planned for the year, and
every one at all interested in de
hating should be present tonight.
Debating council and Delta Sigma
Rho, honorary debating fraternity,
will sponsor a dinner at the Union
at G: 15 o'clock tonight. All inter
ested in attending should get in
touch with Lee Chapin at his office
it the Union.
There i.s a large and extensive
program planned for the year, and
every one at all interested in de
hating should be present tonight.
Debating council and Delta Sigma
Rho, honorary debating fraternity,
will sponsor a dinner at the Union
at G: 15 o'clock tonight. All inter
ested in attending should get in
touch with Lee Chapin at his office
it the Union.
There i.s a large and extensive
program planned for the year, and
every one at all interested in de
hating should be present tonight.
Debating council and Delta Sigma
Rho, honorary debating fraternity,
will sponsor a dinner at the Union
at G: 15 o'clock tonight. All inter
ested in attending should get in
touch with Lee Chapin at his office
it the Union.
There i.s a large and extensive
program planned for the year, and
every one at all interested in de
hating should be present tonight.
Debating council and Delta Sigma
Rho, honorary debating fraternity,
will sponsor a dinner at the Union
at G: 15 o'clock tonight. All inter
ested in attending should get in
touch with Lee Chapin at his office
it the Union.
There i.s a large and extensive
program planned for the year, and
every one at all interested in de
hating should be present tonight.
Debating council and Delta Sigma
Rho, honorary debating fraternity,
will sponsor a dinner at the Union
at G: 15 o'clock tonight. All inter
ested in attending should get in
touch with Lee Chapin at his office
it the Union.
There i.s a large and extensive
program planned for the year, and
every one at all interested in de
hating should be present tonight.
Debating council and Delta Sigma
Rho, honorary debating fraternity,
will sponsor a dinner at the Union
at G: 15 o'clock tonight. All inter
ested in attending should get in
touch with Lee Chapin at his office
it the Union.
There i.s a large and extensive
program planned for the year, and
every one at all interested in de
hating should be present tonight.
Debating council and Delta Sigma
Rho, honorary debating fraternity,
will sponsor a dinner at the Union
at G: 15 o'clock tonight. All inter
ested in attending should get in
touch with Lee Chapin at his office
it the Union.
There i.s a large and extensive
program planned for the year, and
every one at all interested in de
hating should be present tonight.
