# 1923 QUAD TRYOUTEES WILL MEET TONIGHT
## 
### 
All tryoutees for the managership of
the 1923 Quad are requested by Wil
liam H. Vosburgh to meet this even
ing at 7:30 in Room 140, Encina Hall,
for an informal conference. Vosburgh,
the present manager of the Quad, in
tends to outline the work of the man
agerial aspirants for the next few
months at tonight's meeting. Detail
ed plans for an advertising campaign
will be explained.
All tryoutees for the managership of
the 1923 Quad are requested by Wil
liam H. Vosburgh to meet this even
ing at 7:30 in Room 140, Encina Hall,
for an informal conference. Vosburgh,
the present manager of the Quad, in
tends to outline the work of the man
agerial aspirants for the next few
months at tonight's meeting. Detail
ed plans for an advertising campaign
will be explained.
All tryoutees for the managership of
the 1923 Quad are requested by Wil
liam H. Vosburgh to meet this even
ing at 7:30 in Room 140, Encina Hall,
for an informal conference. Vosburgh,
the present manager of the Quad, in
tends to outline the work of the man
agerial aspirants for the next few
months at tonight's meeting. Detail
ed plans for an advertising campaign
will be explained.
All tryoutees for the managership of
the 1923 Quad are requested by Wil
liam H. Vosburgh to meet this even
ing at 7:30 in Room 140, Encina Hall,
for an informal conference. Vosburgh,
the present manager of the Quad, in
tends to outline the work of the man
agerial aspirants for the next few
months at tonight's meeting. Detail
ed plans for an advertising campaign
will be explained.
All tryoutees for the managership of
the 1923 Quad are requested by Wil
liam H. Vosburgh to meet this even
ing at 7:30 in Room 140, Encina Hall,
for an informal conference. Vosburgh,
the present manager of the Quad, in
tends to outline the work of the man
agerial aspirants for the next few
months at tonight's meeting. Detail
ed plans for an advertising campaign
will be explained.
All tryoutees for the managership of
the 1923 Quad are requested by Wil
liam H. Vosburgh to meet this even
ing at 7:30 in Room 140, Encina Hall,
for an informal conference. Vosburgh,
the present manager of the Quad, in
tends to outline the work of the man
agerial aspirants for the next few
months at tonight's meeting. Detail
ed plans for an advertising campaign
will be explained.
All tryoutees for the managership of
the 1923 Quad are requested by Wil
liam H. Vosburgh to meet this even
ing at 7:30 in Room 140, Encina Hall,
for an informal conference. Vosburgh,
the present manager of the Quad, in
tends to outline the work of the man
agerial aspirants for the next few
months at tonight's meeting. Detail
ed plans for an advertising campaign
will be explained.
All tryoutees for the managership of
the 1923 Quad are requested by Wil
liam H. Vosburgh to meet this even
ing at 7:30 in Room 140, Encina Hall,
for an informal conference. Vosburgh,
the present manager of the Quad, in
tends to outline the work of the man
agerial aspirants for the next few
months at tonight's meeting. Detail
ed plans for an advertising campaign
will be explained.
All tryoutees for the managership of
the 1923 Quad are requested by Wil
liam H. Vosburgh to meet this even
ing at 7:30 in Room 140, Encina Hall,
for an informal conference. Vosburgh,
the present manager of the Quad, in
tends to outline the work of the man
agerial aspirants for the next few
months at tonight's meeting. Detail
ed plans for an advertising campaign
will be explained.
All tryoutees for the managership of
the 1923 Quad are requested by Wil
liam H. Vosburgh to meet this even
ing at 7:30 in Room 140, Encina Hall,
for an informal conference. Vosburgh,
the present manager of the Quad, in
tends to outline the work of the man
agerial aspirants for the next few
months at tonight's meeting. Detail
ed plans for an advertising campaign
will be explained.
All tryoutees for the managership of
the 1923 Quad are requested by Wil
liam H. Vosburgh to meet this even
ing at 7:30 in Room 140, Encina Hall,
for an informal conference. Vosburgh,
the present manager of the Quad, in
tends to outline the work of the man
agerial aspirants for the next few
months at tonight's meeting. Detail
ed plans for an advertising campaign
will be explained.
All tryoutees for the managership of
the 1923 Quad are requested by Wil
liam H. Vosburgh to meet this even
ing at 7:30 in Room 140, Encina Hall,
for an informal conference. Vosburgh,
the present manager of the Quad, in
tends to outline the work of the man
agerial aspirants for the next few
months at tonight's meeting. Detail
ed plans for an advertising campaign
will be explained.
All tryoutees for the managership of
the 1923 Quad are requested by Wil
liam H. Vosburgh to meet this even
ing at 7:30 in Room 140, Encina Hall,
for an informal conference. Vosburgh,
the present manager of the Quad, in
tends to outline the work of the man
agerial aspirants for the next few
months at tonight's meeting. Detail
ed plans for an advertising campaign
will be explained.
