# Dr. Jordan Postpones Thursday Evening Lecture
## 
### 
Dr. David Starr Jordan lias post
poned his Thursday evening lecture
for this week. The talk was post
poned because of Dr. Harada's lec
ture on this date at the Little The
atre.
Dr. David Starr Jordan lias post
poned his Thursday evening lecture
for this week. The talk was post
poned because of Dr. Harada's lec
ture on this date at the Little The
atre.
Dr. David Starr Jordan lias post
poned his Thursday evening lecture
for this week. The talk was post
poned because of Dr. Harada's lec
ture on this date at the Little The
atre.
Dr. David Starr Jordan lias post
poned his Thursday evening lecture
for this week. The talk was post
poned because of Dr. Harada's lec
ture on this date at the Little The
atre.
Dr. David Starr Jordan lias post
poned his Thursday evening lecture
for this week. The talk was post
poned because of Dr. Harada's lec
ture on this date at the Little The
atre.
Dr. David Starr Jordan lias post
poned his Thursday evening lecture
for this week. The talk was post
poned because of Dr. Harada's lec
ture on this date at the Little The
atre.
Dr. David Starr Jordan lias post
poned his Thursday evening lecture
for this week. The talk was post
poned because of Dr. Harada's lec
ture on this date at the Little The
atre.
Dr. David Starr Jordan lias post
poned his Thursday evening lecture
for this week. The talk was post
poned because of Dr. Harada's lec
ture on this date at the Little The
atre.
Dr. David Starr Jordan lias post
poned his Thursday evening lecture
for this week. The talk was post
poned because of Dr. Harada's lec
ture on this date at the Little The
atre.
Dr. David Starr Jordan lias post
poned his Thursday evening lecture
for this week. The talk was post
poned because of Dr. Harada's lec
ture on this date at the Little The
atre.
Dr. David Starr Jordan lias post
poned his Thursday evening lecture
for this week. The talk was post
poned because of Dr. Harada's lec
ture on this date at the Little The
atre.
Dr. David Starr Jordan lias post
poned his Thursday evening lecture
for this week. The talk was post
poned because of Dr. Harada's lec
ture on this date at the Little The
atre.
Dr. David Starr Jordan lias post
poned his Thursday evening lecture
for this week. The talk was post
poned because of Dr. Harada's lec
ture on this date at the Little The
atre.
