# Directory Proofs Will Be Posted Tomorrow
## 
### 
Proofs for the fall directory of stu
dents and faculty will be posted outside
of the Administration building tomor
row. The registrar's office has asked
that any corrections to be made in the
"bawlout" he reported immediately. The
directory will be ready for distribution
in about a week.
Proofs for the fall directory of stu
dents and faculty will be posted outside
of the Administration building tomor
row. The registrar's office has asked
that any corrections to be made in the
"bawlout" he reported immediately. The
directory will be ready for distribution
in about a week.
Proofs for the fall directory of stu
dents and faculty will be posted outside
of the Administration building tomor
row. The registrar's office has asked
that any corrections to be made in the
"bawlout" he reported immediately. The
directory will be ready for distribution
in about a week.
Proofs for the fall directory of stu
dents and faculty will be posted outside
of the Administration building tomor
row. The registrar's office has asked
that any corrections to be made in the
"bawlout" he reported immediately. The
directory will be ready for distribution
in about a week.
Proofs for the fall directory of stu
dents and faculty will be posted outside
of the Administration building tomor
row. The registrar's office has asked
that any corrections to be made in the
"bawlout" he reported immediately. The
directory will be ready for distribution
in about a week.
Proofs for the fall directory of stu
dents and faculty will be posted outside
of the Administration building tomor
row. The registrar's office has asked
that any corrections to be made in the
"bawlout" he reported immediately. The
directory will be ready for distribution
in about a week.
Proofs for the fall directory of stu
dents and faculty will be posted outside
of the Administration building tomor
row. The registrar's office has asked
that any corrections to be made in the
"bawlout" he reported immediately. The
directory will be ready for distribution
in about a week.
Proofs for the fall directory of stu
dents and faculty will be posted outside
of the Administration building tomor
row. The registrar's office has asked
that any corrections to be made in the
"bawlout" he reported immediately. The
directory will be ready for distribution
in about a week.
Proofs for the fall directory of stu
dents and faculty will be posted outside
of the Administration building tomor
row. The registrar's office has asked
that any corrections to be made in the
"bawlout" he reported immediately. The
directory will be ready for distribution
in about a week.
Proofs for the fall directory of stu
dents and faculty will be posted outside
of the Administration building tomor
row. The registrar's office has asked
that any corrections to be made in the
"bawlout" he reported immediately. The
directory will be ready for distribution
in about a week.
Proofs for the fall directory of stu
dents and faculty will be posted outside
of the Administration building tomor
row. The registrar's office has asked
that any corrections to be made in the
"bawlout" he reported immediately. The
directory will be ready for distribution
in about a week.
Proofs for the fall directory of stu
dents and faculty will be posted outside
of the Administration building tomor
row. The registrar's office has asked
that any corrections to be made in the
"bawlout" he reported immediately. The
directory will be ready for distribution
in about a week.
Proofs for the fall directory of stu
dents and faculty will be posted outside
of the Administration building tomor
row. The registrar's office has asked
that any corrections to be made in the
"bawlout" he reported immediately. The
directory will be ready for distribution
in about a week.
