# CALIFORNIA MENTAL HYGIENE CLUB HEARS STANFORD SPEAKERS
## 
### 
The California Society for Mental
Hygiene, of which Dr. Lillian J. Martin,
Professor of Psychology, emeritus, of
the Stanford faculty is president, pre
sented a programme last evening in the
St. Francis Hotel which was contributed
altogether by Stanford people. The gen
eral subject was clinical research and
mental hygiene and President Wilbur
acted as Chairman of the meeting, him
self talking on "The Importance of
Establishing Psychopathic Hospitals in
California for the Treatment of In
sanity." *
The other speakers at the meeting
were: Dr. Frank Angell on, "The Sub
conscious;" Dr. A. W. Hoisholt of the
Napa Hospital and clinical professor of
Medicine on the Stanford Medical fac
ulty who read a paper on "The Role of
the Ouija Hoard in the Causation of
Insanity,.' and Professor J. E. Coover,
Fellow in Psychic Research at the Uni
versity, whose address was on "The Re
sults of Psychical Research at Stanford
University and Elsewhere."
