# APPOINTMENT OFFICE WILL LOAN TEXT BOOKS
## 
### 
There arc still about two hundred text
books in the loan library in the appoint
ment office, which may be borrowed by
self-supporting students. These books
were collected on the campus last spring
in order to assist this class of students,
and they will be lent for the quarter by
applying to Mrs. Snell, the appointment
secretary. Any further contributions of
books will be gladly received by her.
There arc still about two hundred text
books in the loan library in the appoint
ment office, which may be borrowed by
self-supporting students. These books
were collected on the campus last spring
in order to assist this class of students,
and they will be lent for the quarter by
applying to Mrs. Snell, the appointment
secretary. Any further contributions of
books will be gladly received by her.
There arc still about two hundred text
books in the loan library in the appoint
ment office, which may be borrowed by
self-supporting students. These books
were collected on the campus last spring
in order to assist this class of students,
and they will be lent for the quarter by
applying to Mrs. Snell, the appointment
secretary. Any further contributions of
books will be gladly received by her.
There arc still about two hundred text
books in the loan library in the appoint
ment office, which may be borrowed by
self-supporting students. These books
were collected on the campus last spring
in order to assist this class of students,
and they will be lent for the quarter by
applying to Mrs. Snell, the appointment
secretary. Any further contributions of
books will be gladly received by her.
There arc still about two hundred text
books in the loan library in the appoint
ment office, which may be borrowed by
self-supporting students. These books
were collected on the campus last spring
in order to assist this class of students,
and they will be lent for the quarter by
applying to Mrs. Snell, the appointment
secretary. Any further contributions of
books will be gladly received by her.
There arc still about two hundred text
books in the loan library in the appoint
ment office, which may be borrowed by
self-supporting students. These books
were collected on the campus last spring
in order to assist this class of students,
and they will be lent for the quarter by
applying to Mrs. Snell, the appointment
secretary. Any further contributions of
books will be gladly received by her.
There arc still about two hundred text
books in the loan library in the appoint
ment office, which may be borrowed by
self-supporting students. These books
were collected on the campus last spring
in order to assist this class of students,
and they will be lent for the quarter by
applying to Mrs. Snell, the appointment
secretary. Any further contributions of
books will be gladly received by her.
There arc still about two hundred text
books in the loan library in the appoint
ment office, which may be borrowed by
self-supporting students. These books
were collected on the campus last spring
in order to assist this class of students,
and they will be lent for the quarter by
applying to Mrs. Snell, the appointment
secretary. Any further contributions of
books will be gladly received by her.
There arc still about two hundred text
books in the loan library in the appoint
ment office, which may be borrowed by
self-supporting students. These books
were collected on the campus last spring
in order to assist this class of students,
and they will be lent for the quarter by
applying to Mrs. Snell, the appointment
secretary. Any further contributions of
books will be gladly received by her.
There arc still about two hundred text
books in the loan library in the appoint
ment office, which may be borrowed by
self-supporting students. These books
were collected on the campus last spring
in order to assist this class of students,
and they will be lent for the quarter by
applying to Mrs. Snell, the appointment
secretary. Any further contributions of
books will be gladly received by her.
There arc still about two hundred text
books in the loan library in the appoint
ment office, which may be borrowed by
self-supporting students. These books
were collected on the campus last spring
in order to assist this class of students,
and they will be lent for the quarter by
applying to Mrs. Snell, the appointment
secretary. Any further contributions of
books will be gladly received by her.
There arc still about two hundred text
books in the loan library in the appoint
ment office, which may be borrowed by
self-supporting students. These books
were collected on the campus last spring
in order to assist this class of students,
and they will be lent for the quarter by
applying to Mrs. Snell, the appointment
secretary. Any further contributions of
books will be gladly received by her.
There arc still about two hundred text
books in the loan library in the appoint
ment office, which may be borrowed by
self-supporting students. These books
were collected on the campus last spring
in order to assist this class of students,
and they will be lent for the quarter by
applying to Mrs. Snell, the appointment
secretary. Any further contributions of
books will be gladly received by her.
There arc still about two hundred text
books in the loan library in the appoint
ment office, which may be borrowed by
self-supporting students. These books
were collected on the campus last spring
in order to assist this class of students,
and they will be lent for the quarter by
applying to Mrs. Snell, the appointment
secretary. Any further contributions of
books will be gladly received by her.
