# Untitled Article
## 
### 
— Phi Kmppa I'si has withdrawn
from the interfraternit v baseball
league, and Chi Psi. which has fil
tered, has defaulted to Psi Gamma
Delta.
— Phi Kmppa I'si has withdrawn
from the interfraternit v baseball
league, and Chi Psi. which has fil
tered, has defaulted to Psi Gamma
Delta.
— Phi Kmppa I'si has withdrawn
from the interfraternit v baseball
league, and Chi Psi. which has fil
tered, has defaulted to Psi Gamma
Delta.
— Phi Kmppa I'si has withdrawn
from the interfraternit v baseball
league, and Chi Psi. which has fil
tered, has defaulted to Psi Gamma
Delta.
— Phi Kmppa I'si has withdrawn
from the interfraternit v baseball
league, and Chi Psi. which has fil
tered, has defaulted to Psi Gamma
Delta.
— Phi Kmppa I'si has withdrawn
from the interfraternit v baseball
league, and Chi Psi. which has fil
tered, has defaulted to Psi Gamma
Delta.
— Phi Kmppa I'si has withdrawn
from the interfraternit v baseball
league, and Chi Psi. which has fil
tered, has defaulted to Psi Gamma
Delta.
— Phi Kmppa I'si has withdrawn
from the interfraternit v baseball
league, and Chi Psi. which has fil
tered, has defaulted to Psi Gamma
Delta.
