# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
Space Open on
Charter Flight
Some last-minute cancella
tions have made available
seats on the Stanford Round
trip charter flight between
New York and London. Flight
cost is $26.3 round trip. Stan
ford faculty, staff and stu
dents interested should con
tact the I-Center immediately.
Space Open on
Charter Flight
Some last-minute cancella
tions have made available
seats on the Stanford Round
trip charter flight between
New York and London. Flight
cost is $26.3 round trip. Stan
ford faculty, staff and stu
dents interested should con
tact the I-Center immediately.
Space Open on
Charter Flight
Some last-minute cancella
tions have made available
seats on the Stanford Round
trip charter flight between
New York and London. Flight
cost is $26.3 round trip. Stan
ford faculty, staff and stu
dents interested should con
tact the I-Center immediately.
Space Open on
Charter Flight
Some last-minute cancella
tions have made available
seats on the Stanford Round
trip charter flight between
New York and London. Flight
cost is $26.3 round trip. Stan
ford faculty, staff and stu
dents interested should con
tact the I-Center immediately.
Space Open on
Charter Flight
Some last-minute cancella
tions have made available
seats on the Stanford Round
trip charter flight between
New York and London. Flight
cost is $26.3 round trip. Stan
ford faculty, staff and stu
dents interested should con
tact the I-Center immediately.
Space Open on
Charter Flight
Some last-minute cancella
tions have made available
seats on the Stanford Round
trip charter flight between
New York and London. Flight
cost is $26.3 round trip. Stan
ford faculty, staff and stu
dents interested should con
tact the I-Center immediately.
Space Open on
Charter Flight
Some last-minute cancella
tions have made available
seats on the Stanford Round
trip charter flight between
New York and London. Flight
cost is $26.3 round trip. Stan
ford faculty, staff and stu
dents interested should con
tact the I-Center immediately.
Space Open on
Charter Flight
Some last-minute cancella
tions have made available
seats on the Stanford Round
trip charter flight between
New York and London. Flight
cost is $26.3 round trip. Stan
ford faculty, staff and stu
dents interested should con
tact the I-Center immediately.
Space Open on
Charter Flight
Some last-minute cancella
tions have made available
seats on the Stanford Round
trip charter flight between
New York and London. Flight
cost is $26.3 round trip. Stan
ford faculty, staff and stu
dents interested should con
tact the I-Center immediately.
Space Open on
Charter Flight
Some last-minute cancella
tions have made available
seats on the Stanford Round
trip charter flight between
New York and London. Flight
cost is $26.3 round trip. Stan
ford faculty, staff and stu
dents interested should con
tact the I-Center immediately.
Space Open on
Charter Flight
Some last-minute cancella
tions have made available
seats on the Stanford Round
trip charter flight between
New York and London. Flight
cost is $26.3 round trip. Stan
ford faculty, staff and stu
dents interested should con
tact the I-Center immediately.
Space Open on
Charter Flight
Some last-minute cancella
tions have made available
seats on the Stanford Round
trip charter flight between
New York and London. Flight
cost is $26.3 round trip. Stan
ford faculty, staff and stu
dents interested should con
tact the I-Center immediately.
Space Open on
Charter Flight
Some last-minute cancella
tions have made available
seats on the Stanford Round
trip charter flight between
New York and London. Flight
cost is $26.3 round trip. Stan
ford faculty, staff and stu
dents interested should con
tact the I-Center immediately.
Space Open on
Charter Flight
Some last-minute cancella
tions have made available
seats on the Stanford Round
trip charter flight between
New York and London. Flight
cost is $26.3 round trip. Stan
ford faculty, staff and stu
dents interested should con
tact the I-Center immediately.
Space Open on
Charter Flight
Some last-minute cancella
tions have made available
seats on the Stanford Round
trip charter flight between
New York and London. Flight
cost is $26.3 round trip. Stan
ford faculty, staff and stu
dents interested should con
tact the I-Center immediately.
Space Open on
Charter Flight
Some last-minute cancella
tions have made available
seats on the Stanford Round
trip charter flight between
New York and London. Flight
cost is $26.3 round trip. Stan
ford faculty, staff and stu
dents interested should con
tact the I-Center immediately.
