# Untitled Article
## 
### 







7he Big Sur's like a good woman,
ya never get tired of her . . . '
—anonymou!








7he Big Sur's like a good woman,
ya never get tired of her . . . '
—anonymou!








7he Big Sur's like a good woman,
ya never get tired of her . . . '
—anonymou!








7he Big Sur's like a good woman,
ya never get tired of her . . . '
—anonymou!








7he Big Sur's like a good woman,
ya never get tired of her . . . '
—anonymou!








7he Big Sur's like a good woman,
ya never get tired of her . . . '
—anonymou!








7he Big Sur's like a good woman,
ya never get tired of her . . . '
—anonymou!








7he Big Sur's like a good woman,
ya never get tired of her . . . '
—anonymou!








7he Big Sur's like a good woman,
ya never get tired of her . . . '
—anonymou!








7he Big Sur's like a good woman,
ya never get tired of her . . . '
—anonymou!








7he Big Sur's like a good woman,
ya never get tired of her . . . '
—anonymou!








7he Big Sur's like a good woman,
ya never get tired of her . . . '
—anonymou!








7he Big Sur's like a good woman,
ya never get tired of her . . . '
—anonymou!








7he Big Sur's like a good woman,
ya never get tired of her . . . '
—anonymou!








7he Big Sur's like a good woman,
ya never get tired of her . . . '
—anonymou!

