# USES CAR FOR "JIMMY"
## 
### 
ATLANTA, Jan. 25
modern burglars have solved the
problem of what to do with old
automobiles. Robbers sipashed the
door of a supply house with the
car and left it when they fled.
ATLANTA, Jan. 25
modern burglars have solved the
problem of what to do with old
automobiles. Robbers sipashed the
door of a supply house with the
car and left it when they fled.
ATLANTA, Jan. 25
modern burglars have solved the
problem of what to do with old
automobiles. Robbers sipashed the
door of a supply house with the
car and left it when they fled.
ATLANTA, Jan. 25
modern burglars have solved the
problem of what to do with old
automobiles. Robbers sipashed the
door of a supply house with the
car and left it when they fled.
ATLANTA, Jan. 25
modern burglars have solved the
problem of what to do with old
automobiles. Robbers sipashed the
door of a supply house with the
car and left it when they fled.
ATLANTA, Jan. 25
modern burglars have solved the
problem of what to do with old
automobiles. Robbers sipashed the
door of a supply house with the
car and left it when they fled.
ATLANTA, Jan. 25
modern burglars have solved the
problem of what to do with old
automobiles. Robbers sipashed the
door of a supply house with the
car and left it when they fled.
ATLANTA, Jan. 25
modern burglars have solved the
problem of what to do with old
automobiles. Robbers sipashed the
door of a supply house with the
car and left it when they fled.
ATLANTA, Jan. 25
modern burglars have solved the
problem of what to do with old
automobiles. Robbers sipashed the
door of a supply house with the
car and left it when they fled.
ATLANTA, Jan. 25
modern burglars have solved the
problem of what to do with old
automobiles. Robbers sipashed the
door of a supply house with the
car and left it when they fled.
ATLANTA, Jan. 25
modern burglars have solved the
problem of what to do with old
automobiles. Robbers sipashed the
door of a supply house with the
car and left it when they fled.
ATLANTA, Jan. 25
modern burglars have solved the
problem of what to do with old
automobiles. Robbers sipashed the
door of a supply house with the
car and left it when they fled.
ATLANTA, Jan. 25
modern burglars have solved the
problem of what to do with old
automobiles. Robbers sipashed the
door of a supply house with the
car and left it when they fled.
ATLANTA, Jan. 25
modern burglars have solved the
problem of what to do with old
automobiles. Robbers sipashed the
door of a supply house with the
car and left it when they fled.
