# BOXERS TO TANGLE IN ALL-UNIVERSITY BOOTS NEXT WEEK
## Preliminaries Scheduled for Monday Afternoon; Finals Thursday 
### 
Final and semi-final rounds of the
All-University championships in
which Stanford's star leather-push
ers will make their initial bow of
the season, will be fought at 8
o'clock next Thursday evening in
the Pavilion. Preliminaries are
scheduled for 4:30 o'clock Monday
afternoon.
According to Coach Harry Ma
loney, preliminaries will be fought
only in those classes in which more
than four men are entered. The
tournament is open to any man in
the University and boxers should
sign up immediately in the boxing
gallery in order to be matched for
the preliminaries Monday.
Miniature gold boxing gloves will
be presented to the winners in each
division, while runners-up will
probably receive copies of the re
cently published "Fighting for Fun"
by Eddie Eagan, world-famous
amateur boxer.
In addition to the usual seven
classes, a new division has been
added for this year's tournament,
junior middleweight at 148 pounds.
Fighters in the preliminaries will
weigh in at noon Monday. All men
in the finals or semi-finals must
weigh in Thursday noon, with those
who took part in the preliminaries
being allowed a two-pound leeway.
Final and semi-final rounds of the
All-University championships in
which Stanford's star leather-push
ers will make their initial bow of
the season, will be fought at 8
o'clock next Thursday evening in
the Pavilion. Preliminaries are
scheduled for 4:30 o'clock Monday
afternoon.
According to Coach Harry Ma
loney, preliminaries will be fought
only in those classes in which more
than four men are entered. The
tournament is open to any man in
the University and boxers should
sign up immediately in the boxing
gallery in order to be matched for
the preliminaries Monday.
Miniature gold boxing gloves will
be presented to the winners in each
division, while runners-up will
probably receive copies of the re
cently published "Fighting for Fun"
by Eddie Eagan, world-famous
amateur boxer.
In addition to the usual seven
classes, a new division has been
added for this year's tournament,
junior middleweight at 148 pounds.
Fighters in the preliminaries will
weigh in at noon Monday. All men
in the finals or semi-finals must
weigh in Thursday noon, with those
who took part in the preliminaries
being allowed a two-pound leeway.
Final and semi-final rounds of the
All-University championships in
which Stanford's star leather-push
ers will make their initial bow of
the season, will be fought at 8
o'clock next Thursday evening in
the Pavilion. Preliminaries are
scheduled for 4:30 o'clock Monday
afternoon.
According to Coach Harry Ma
loney, preliminaries will be fought
only in those classes in which more
than four men are entered. The
tournament is open to any man in
the University and boxers should
sign up immediately in the boxing
gallery in order to be matched for
the preliminaries Monday.
Miniature gold boxing gloves will
be presented to the winners in each
division, while runners-up will
probably receive copies of the re
cently published "Fighting for Fun"
by Eddie Eagan, world-famous
amateur boxer.
In addition to the usual seven
classes, a new division has been
added for this year's tournament,
junior middleweight at 148 pounds.
Fighters in the preliminaries will
weigh in at noon Monday. All men
in the finals or semi-finals must
weigh in Thursday noon, with those
who took part in the preliminaries
being allowed a two-pound leeway.
Final and semi-final rounds of the
All-University championships in
which Stanford's star leather-push
ers will make their initial bow of
the season, will be fought at 8
o'clock next Thursday evening in
the Pavilion. Preliminaries are
scheduled for 4:30 o'clock Monday
afternoon.
According to Coach Harry Ma
loney, preliminaries will be fought
only in those classes in which more
than four men are entered. The
tournament is open to any man in
the University and boxers should
sign up immediately in the boxing
gallery in order to be matched for
the preliminaries Monday.
Miniature gold boxing gloves will
be presented to the winners in each
division, while runners-up will
probably receive copies of the re
cently published "Fighting for Fun"
by Eddie Eagan, world-famous
amateur boxer.
In addition to the usual seven
classes, a new division has been
added for this year's tournament,
junior middleweight at 148 pounds.
Fighters in the preliminaries will
weigh in at noon Monday. All men
in the finals or semi-finals must
weigh in Thursday noon, with those
who took part in the preliminaries
being allowed a two-pound leeway.
Final and semi-final rounds of the
All-University championships in
which Stanford's star leather-push
ers will make their initial bow of
the season, will be fought at 8
o'clock next Thursday evening in
the Pavilion. Preliminaries are
scheduled for 4:30 o'clock Monday
afternoon.
According to Coach Harry Ma
loney, preliminaries will be fought
only in those classes in which more
than four men are entered. The
tournament is open to any man in
the University and boxers should
sign up immediately in the boxing
gallery in order to be matched for
the preliminaries Monday.
Miniature gold boxing gloves will
be presented to the winners in each
division, while runners-up will
probably receive copies of the re
cently published "Fighting for Fun"
by Eddie Eagan, world-famous
amateur boxer.
In addition to the usual seven
classes, a new division has been
added for this year's tournament,
junior middleweight at 148 pounds.
Fighters in the preliminaries will
weigh in at noon Monday. All men
in the finals or semi-finals must
weigh in Thursday noon, with those
who took part in the preliminaries
being allowed a two-pound leeway.
Final and semi-final rounds of the
All-University championships in
which Stanford's star leather-push
ers will make their initial bow of
the season, will be fought at 8
o'clock next Thursday evening in
the Pavilion. Preliminaries are
scheduled for 4:30 o'clock Monday
afternoon.
According to Coach Harry Ma
loney, preliminaries will be fought
only in those classes in which more
than four men are entered. The
tournament is open to any man in
the University and boxers should
sign up immediately in the boxing
gallery in order to be matched for
the preliminaries Monday.
Miniature gold boxing gloves will
be presented to the winners in each
division, while runners-up will
probably receive copies of the re
cently published "Fighting for Fun"
by Eddie Eagan, world-famous
amateur boxer.
In addition to the usual seven
classes, a new division has been
added for this year's tournament,
junior middleweight at 148 pounds.
Fighters in the preliminaries will
weigh in at noon Monday. All men
in the finals or semi-finals must
weigh in Thursday noon, with those
who took part in the preliminaries
being allowed a two-pound leeway.
Final and semi-final rounds of the
All-University championships in
which Stanford's star leather-push
ers will make their initial bow of
the season, will be fought at 8
o'clock next Thursday evening in
the Pavilion. Preliminaries are
scheduled for 4:30 o'clock Monday
afternoon.
According to Coach Harry Ma
loney, preliminaries will be fought
only in those classes in which more
than four men are entered. The
tournament is open to any man in
the University and boxers should
sign up immediately in the boxing
gallery in order to be matched for
the preliminaries Monday.
Miniature gold boxing gloves will
be presented to the winners in each
division, while runners-up will
probably receive copies of the re
cently published "Fighting for Fun"
by Eddie Eagan, world-famous
amateur boxer.
In addition to the usual seven
classes, a new division has been
added for this year's tournament,
junior middleweight at 148 pounds.
Fighters in the preliminaries will
weigh in at noon Monday. All men
in the finals or semi-finals must
weigh in Thursday noon, with those
who took part in the preliminaries
being allowed a two-pound leeway.
Final and semi-final rounds of the
All-University championships in
which Stanford's star leather-push
ers will make their initial bow of
the season, will be fought at 8
o'clock next Thursday evening in
the Pavilion. Preliminaries are
scheduled for 4:30 o'clock Monday
afternoon.
According to Coach Harry Ma
loney, preliminaries will be fought
only in those classes in which more
than four men are entered. The
tournament is open to any man in
the University and boxers should
sign up immediately in the boxing
gallery in order to be matched for
the preliminaries Monday.
Miniature gold boxing gloves will
be presented to the winners in each
division, while runners-up will
probably receive copies of the re
cently published "Fighting for Fun"
by Eddie Eagan, world-famous
amateur boxer.
In addition to the usual seven
classes, a new division has been
added for this year's tournament,
junior middleweight at 148 pounds.
Fighters in the preliminaries will
weigh in at noon Monday. All men
in the finals or semi-finals must
weigh in Thursday noon, with those
who took part in the preliminaries
being allowed a two-pound leeway.
Final and semi-final rounds of the
All-University championships in
which Stanford's star leather-push
ers will make their initial bow of
the season, will be fought at 8
o'clock next Thursday evening in
the Pavilion. Preliminaries are
scheduled for 4:30 o'clock Monday
afternoon.
According to Coach Harry Ma
loney, preliminaries will be fought
only in those classes in which more
than four men are entered. The
tournament is open to any man in
the University and boxers should
sign up immediately in the boxing
gallery in order to be matched for
the preliminaries Monday.
Miniature gold boxing gloves will
be presented to the winners in each
division, while runners-up will
probably receive copies of the re
cently published "Fighting for Fun"
by Eddie Eagan, world-famous
amateur boxer.
In addition to the usual seven
classes, a new division has been
added for this year's tournament,
junior middleweight at 148 pounds.
Fighters in the preliminaries will
weigh in at noon Monday. All men
in the finals or semi-finals must
weigh in Thursday noon, with those
who took part in the preliminaries
being allowed a two-pound leeway.
Final and semi-final rounds of the
All-University championships in
which Stanford's star leather-push
ers will make their initial bow of
the season, will be fought at 8
o'clock next Thursday evening in
the Pavilion. Preliminaries are
scheduled for 4:30 o'clock Monday
afternoon.
According to Coach Harry Ma
loney, preliminaries will be fought
only in those classes in which more
than four men are entered. The
tournament is open to any man in
the University and boxers should
sign up immediately in the boxing
gallery in order to be matched for
the preliminaries Monday.
Miniature gold boxing gloves will
be presented to the winners in each
division, while runners-up will
probably receive copies of the re
cently published "Fighting for Fun"
by Eddie Eagan, world-famous
amateur boxer.
In addition to the usual seven
classes, a new division has been
added for this year's tournament,
junior middleweight at 148 pounds.
Fighters in the preliminaries will
weigh in at noon Monday. All men
in the finals or semi-finals must
weigh in Thursday noon, with those
who took part in the preliminaries
being allowed a two-pound leeway.
Final and semi-final rounds of the
All-University championships in
which Stanford's star leather-push
ers will make their initial bow of
the season, will be fought at 8
o'clock next Thursday evening in
the Pavilion. Preliminaries are
scheduled for 4:30 o'clock Monday
afternoon.
According to Coach Harry Ma
loney, preliminaries will be fought
only in those classes in which more
than four men are entered. The
tournament is open to any man in
the University and boxers should
sign up immediately in the boxing
gallery in order to be matched for
the preliminaries Monday.
Miniature gold boxing gloves will
be presented to the winners in each
division, while runners-up will
probably receive copies of the re
cently published "Fighting for Fun"
by Eddie Eagan, world-famous
amateur boxer.
In addition to the usual seven
classes, a new division has been
added for this year's tournament,
junior middleweight at 148 pounds.
Fighters in the preliminaries will
weigh in at noon Monday. All men
in the finals or semi-finals must
weigh in Thursday noon, with those
who took part in the preliminaries
being allowed a two-pound leeway.
Final and semi-final rounds of the
All-University championships in
which Stanford's star leather-push
ers will make their initial bow of
the season, will be fought at 8
o'clock next Thursday evening in
the Pavilion. Preliminaries are
scheduled for 4:30 o'clock Monday
afternoon.
According to Coach Harry Ma
loney, preliminaries will be fought
only in those classes in which more
than four men are entered. The
tournament is open to any man in
the University and boxers should
sign up immediately in the boxing
gallery in order to be matched for
the preliminaries Monday.
Miniature gold boxing gloves will
be presented to the winners in each
division, while runners-up will
probably receive copies of the re
cently published "Fighting for Fun"
by Eddie Eagan, world-famous
amateur boxer.
In addition to the usual seven
classes, a new division has been
added for this year's tournament,
junior middleweight at 148 pounds.
Fighters in the preliminaries will
weigh in at noon Monday. All men
in the finals or semi-finals must
weigh in Thursday noon, with those
who took part in the preliminaries
being allowed a two-pound leeway.
Final and semi-final rounds of the
All-University championships in
which Stanford's star leather-push
ers will make their initial bow of
the season, will be fought at 8
o'clock next Thursday evening in
the Pavilion. Preliminaries are
scheduled for 4:30 o'clock Monday
afternoon.
According to Coach Harry Ma
loney, preliminaries will be fought
only in those classes in which more
than four men are entered. The
tournament is open to any man in
the University and boxers should
sign up immediately in the boxing
gallery in order to be matched for
the preliminaries Monday.
Miniature gold boxing gloves will
be presented to the winners in each
division, while runners-up will
probably receive copies of the re
cently published "Fighting for Fun"
by Eddie Eagan, world-famous
amateur boxer.
In addition to the usual seven
classes, a new division has been
added for this year's tournament,
junior middleweight at 148 pounds.
Fighters in the preliminaries will
weigh in at noon Monday. All men
in the finals or semi-finals must
weigh in Thursday noon, with those
who took part in the preliminaries
being allowed a two-pound leeway.
Final and semi-final rounds of the
All-University championships in
which Stanford's star leather-push
ers will make their initial bow of
the season, will be fought at 8
o'clock next Thursday evening in
the Pavilion. Preliminaries are
scheduled for 4:30 o'clock Monday
afternoon.
According to Coach Harry Ma
loney, preliminaries will be fought
only in those classes in which more
than four men are entered. The
tournament is open to any man in
the University and boxers should
sign up immediately in the boxing
gallery in order to be matched for
the preliminaries Monday.
Miniature gold boxing gloves will
be presented to the winners in each
division, while runners-up will
probably receive copies of the re
cently published "Fighting for Fun"
by Eddie Eagan, world-famous
amateur boxer.
In addition to the usual seven
classes, a new division has been
added for this year's tournament,
junior middleweight at 148 pounds.
Fighters in the preliminaries will
weigh in at noon Monday. All men
in the finals or semi-finals must
weigh in Thursday noon, with those
who took part in the preliminaries
being allowed a two-pound leeway.
