# Yell Leaders
## 
### 
Tryouts for next year's assistant
ypll leaders' posts will be held to
morrow at 4 p.m. in the Nitery by
yell leaders' posts will be held to
in>tea of today as previously an
nounced
Student; who will be here for the
next two years are eligible. They
will he asked to lead a yell and to
give constructive ugvestions about
yell leading.
Tryouts for next year's assistant
ypll leaders' posts will be held to
morrow at 4 p.m. in the Nitery by
yell leaders' posts will be held to
in>tea of today as previously an
nounced
Student; who will be here for the
next two years are eligible. They
will he asked to lead a yell and to
give constructive ugvestions about
yell leading.
Tryouts for next year's assistant
ypll leaders' posts will be held to
morrow at 4 p.m. in the Nitery by
yell leaders' posts will be held to
in>tea of today as previously an
nounced
Student; who will be here for the
next two years are eligible. They
will he asked to lead a yell and to
give constructive ugvestions about
yell leading.
Tryouts for next year's assistant
ypll leaders' posts will be held to
morrow at 4 p.m. in the Nitery by
yell leaders' posts will be held to
in>tea of today as previously an
nounced
Student; who will be here for the
next two years are eligible. They
will he asked to lead a yell and to
give constructive ugvestions about
yell leading.
Tryouts for next year's assistant
ypll leaders' posts will be held to
morrow at 4 p.m. in the Nitery by
yell leaders' posts will be held to
in>tea of today as previously an
nounced
Student; who will be here for the
next two years are eligible. They
will he asked to lead a yell and to
give constructive ugvestions about
yell leading.
Tryouts for next year's assistant
ypll leaders' posts will be held to
morrow at 4 p.m. in the Nitery by
yell leaders' posts will be held to
in>tea of today as previously an
nounced
Student; who will be here for the
next two years are eligible. They
will he asked to lead a yell and to
give constructive ugvestions about
yell leading.
Tryouts for next year's assistant
ypll leaders' posts will be held to
morrow at 4 p.m. in the Nitery by
yell leaders' posts will be held to
in>tea of today as previously an
nounced
Student; who will be here for the
next two years are eligible. They
will he asked to lead a yell and to
give constructive ugvestions about
yell leading.
Tryouts for next year's assistant
ypll leaders' posts will be held to
morrow at 4 p.m. in the Nitery by
yell leaders' posts will be held to
in>tea of today as previously an
nounced
Student; who will be here for the
next two years are eligible. They
will he asked to lead a yell and to
give constructive ugvestions about
yell leading.
Tryouts for next year's assistant
ypll leaders' posts will be held to
morrow at 4 p.m. in the Nitery by
yell leaders' posts will be held to
in>tea of today as previously an
nounced
Student; who will be here for the
next two years are eligible. They
will he asked to lead a yell and to
give constructive ugvestions about
yell leading.
Tryouts for next year's assistant
ypll leaders' posts will be held to
morrow at 4 p.m. in the Nitery by
yell leaders' posts will be held to
in>tea of today as previously an
nounced
Student; who will be here for the
next two years are eligible. They
will he asked to lead a yell and to
give constructive ugvestions about
yell leading.
Tryouts for next year's assistant
ypll leaders' posts will be held to
morrow at 4 p.m. in the Nitery by
yell leaders' posts will be held to
in>tea of today as previously an
nounced
Student; who will be here for the
next two years are eligible. They
will he asked to lead a yell and to
give constructive ugvestions about
yell leading.
Tryouts for next year's assistant
ypll leaders' posts will be held to
morrow at 4 p.m. in the Nitery by
yell leaders' posts will be held to
in>tea of today as previously an
nounced
Student; who will be here for the
next two years are eligible. They
will he asked to lead a yell and to
give constructive ugvestions about
yell leading.
Tryouts for next year's assistant
ypll leaders' posts will be held to
morrow at 4 p.m. in the Nitery by
yell leaders' posts will be held to
in>tea of today as previously an
nounced
Student; who will be here for the
next two years are eligible. They
will he asked to lead a yell and to
give constructive ugvestions about
yell leading.
