# Y. W. C. A. Has Position Open.
## 
### 
Anyone desiring a young woman as
student help may gain information
concerning same by seeing the gen
eral secretary of the Y. W. C. A. in
the Women's Rest Room between 9: If)
and 11:15 o'clock.
Anyone desiring a young woman as
student help may gain information
concerning same by seeing the gen
eral secretary of the Y. W. C. A. in
the Women's Rest Room between 9: If)
and 11:15 o'clock.
Anyone desiring a young woman as
student help may gain information
concerning same by seeing the gen
eral secretary of the Y. W. C. A. in
the Women's Rest Room between 9: If)
and 11:15 o'clock.
Anyone desiring a young woman as
student help may gain information
concerning same by seeing the gen
eral secretary of the Y. W. C. A. in
the Women's Rest Room between 9: If)
and 11:15 o'clock.
Anyone desiring a young woman as
student help may gain information
concerning same by seeing the gen
eral secretary of the Y. W. C. A. in
the Women's Rest Room between 9: If)
and 11:15 o'clock.
Anyone desiring a young woman as
student help may gain information
concerning same by seeing the gen
eral secretary of the Y. W. C. A. in
the Women's Rest Room between 9: If)
and 11:15 o'clock.
Anyone desiring a young woman as
student help may gain information
concerning same by seeing the gen
eral secretary of the Y. W. C. A. in
the Women's Rest Room between 9: If)
and 11:15 o'clock.
Anyone desiring a young woman as
student help may gain information
concerning same by seeing the gen
eral secretary of the Y. W. C. A. in
the Women's Rest Room between 9: If)
and 11:15 o'clock.
Anyone desiring a young woman as
student help may gain information
concerning same by seeing the gen
eral secretary of the Y. W. C. A. in
the Women's Rest Room between 9: If)
and 11:15 o'clock.
Anyone desiring a young woman as
student help may gain information
concerning same by seeing the gen
eral secretary of the Y. W. C. A. in
the Women's Rest Room between 9: If)
and 11:15 o'clock.
