# PI SIGMA ALPHA HONORS NEARING TONIGHT IN UNION
## 
### 
Scott Ncaring, socialist lccturer and
writer, will speak tonight before Pi Sig
ma Alpha, honorary political sciencc fra
ternity, at a dinner to be given in his
honor at the Union by that organization.
At 8 o'clock he will give a free public
lecture in the Native Sons' Hall in Palo
Alto, the subject of his address being "Is
It War or Peace?"
Ncaring is well known throughout the
nation as a free-thinker, having first come
to public notice in 1915, when he was
discharged from the faculty of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania. The reason for
his dismissal was stated as "radical
teaching," and the incident has been one
of the outstanding cases involving aca
demic freedom in American university
life. After the termination of his asso
ciation with the University of Pennsyl
vania, he became professor of social
science and dean of arts and sciences at
Toledo University, Ohio. From this insti
tution, also, he was dismissed. He then
became lecturer at the Rand School of
Social Science, in New York. In 1919
he was a socialist candidate for Congress.
Nearing has also made a name for him
self as the author of numerous outstand
ing works on social relationships, among
which are: "Solution of the Child Labor
Problem," "Social Sanity," "Poverty and
Riches," and "The Social Adjustment."
Scott Ncaring, socialist lccturer and
writer, will speak tonight before Pi Sig
ma Alpha, honorary political sciencc fra
ternity, at a dinner to be given in his
honor at the Union by that organization.
At 8 o'clock he will give a free public
lecture in the Native Sons' Hall in Palo
Alto, the subject of his address being "Is
It War or Peace?"
Ncaring is well known throughout the
nation as a free-thinker, having first come
to public notice in 1915, when he was
discharged from the faculty of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania. The reason for
his dismissal was stated as "radical
teaching," and the incident has been one
of the outstanding cases involving aca
demic freedom in American university
life. After the termination of his asso
ciation with the University of Pennsyl
vania, he became professor of social
science and dean of arts and sciences at
Toledo University, Ohio. From this insti
tution, also, he was dismissed. He then
became lecturer at the Rand School of
Social Science, in New York. In 1919
he was a socialist candidate for Congress.
Nearing has also made a name for him
self as the author of numerous outstand
ing works on social relationships, among
which are: "Solution of the Child Labor
Problem," "Social Sanity," "Poverty and
Riches," and "The Social Adjustment."
Scott Ncaring, socialist lccturer and
writer, will speak tonight before Pi Sig
ma Alpha, honorary political sciencc fra
ternity, at a dinner to be given in his
honor at the Union by that organization.
At 8 o'clock he will give a free public
lecture in the Native Sons' Hall in Palo
Alto, the subject of his address being "Is
It War or Peace?"
Ncaring is well known throughout the
nation as a free-thinker, having first come
to public notice in 1915, when he was
discharged from the faculty of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania. The reason for
his dismissal was stated as "radical
teaching," and the incident has been one
of the outstanding cases involving aca
demic freedom in American university
life. After the termination of his asso
ciation with the University of Pennsyl
vania, he became professor of social
science and dean of arts and sciences at
Toledo University, Ohio. From this insti
tution, also, he was dismissed. He then
became lecturer at the Rand School of
Social Science, in New York. In 1919
he was a socialist candidate for Congress.
Nearing has also made a name for him
self as the author of numerous outstand
ing works on social relationships, among
which are: "Solution of the Child Labor
Problem," "Social Sanity," "Poverty and
Riches," and "The Social Adjustment."
Scott Ncaring, socialist lccturer and
writer, will speak tonight before Pi Sig
ma Alpha, honorary political sciencc fra
ternity, at a dinner to be given in his
honor at the Union by that organization.
At 8 o'clock he will give a free public
lecture in the Native Sons' Hall in Palo
Alto, the subject of his address being "Is
It War or Peace?"
Ncaring is well known throughout the
nation as a free-thinker, having first come
to public notice in 1915, when he was
discharged from the faculty of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania. The reason for
his dismissal was stated as "radical
teaching," and the incident has been one
of the outstanding cases involving aca
demic freedom in American university
life. After the termination of his asso
ciation with the University of Pennsyl
vania, he became professor of social
science and dean of arts and sciences at
Toledo University, Ohio. From this insti
tution, also, he was dismissed. He then
became lecturer at the Rand School of
Social Science, in New York. In 1919
he was a socialist candidate for Congress.
Nearing has also made a name for him
self as the author of numerous outstand
ing works on social relationships, among
which are: "Solution of the Child Labor
Problem," "Social Sanity," "Poverty and
Riches," and "The Social Adjustment."
Scott Ncaring, socialist lccturer and
writer, will speak tonight before Pi Sig
ma Alpha, honorary political sciencc fra
ternity, at a dinner to be given in his
honor at the Union by that organization.
At 8 o'clock he will give a free public
lecture in the Native Sons' Hall in Palo
Alto, the subject of his address being "Is
It War or Peace?"
Ncaring is well known throughout the
nation as a free-thinker, having first come
to public notice in 1915, when he was
discharged from the faculty of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania. The reason for
his dismissal was stated as "radical
teaching," and the incident has been one
of the outstanding cases involving aca
demic freedom in American university
life. After the termination of his asso
ciation with the University of Pennsyl
vania, he became professor of social
science and dean of arts and sciences at
Toledo University, Ohio. From this insti
tution, also, he was dismissed. He then
became lecturer at the Rand School of
Social Science, in New York. In 1919
he was a socialist candidate for Congress.
Nearing has also made a name for him
self as the author of numerous outstand
ing works on social relationships, among
which are: "Solution of the Child Labor
Problem," "Social Sanity," "Poverty and
Riches," and "The Social Adjustment."
Scott Ncaring, socialist lccturer and
writer, will speak tonight before Pi Sig
ma Alpha, honorary political sciencc fra
ternity, at a dinner to be given in his
honor at the Union by that organization.
At 8 o'clock he will give a free public
lecture in the Native Sons' Hall in Palo
Alto, the subject of his address being "Is
It War or Peace?"
Ncaring is well known throughout the
nation as a free-thinker, having first come
to public notice in 1915, when he was
discharged from the faculty of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania. The reason for
his dismissal was stated as "radical
teaching," and the incident has been one
of the outstanding cases involving aca
demic freedom in American university
life. After the termination of his asso
ciation with the University of Pennsyl
vania, he became professor of social
science and dean of arts and sciences at
Toledo University, Ohio. From this insti
tution, also, he was dismissed. He then
became lecturer at the Rand School of
Social Science, in New York. In 1919
he was a socialist candidate for Congress.
Nearing has also made a name for him
self as the author of numerous outstand
ing works on social relationships, among
which are: "Solution of the Child Labor
Problem," "Social Sanity," "Poverty and
Riches," and "The Social Adjustment."
Scott Ncaring, socialist lccturer and
writer, will speak tonight before Pi Sig
ma Alpha, honorary political sciencc fra
ternity, at a dinner to be given in his
honor at the Union by that organization.
At 8 o'clock he will give a free public
lecture in the Native Sons' Hall in Palo
Alto, the subject of his address being "Is
It War or Peace?"
Ncaring is well known throughout the
nation as a free-thinker, having first come
to public notice in 1915, when he was
discharged from the faculty of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania. The reason for
his dismissal was stated as "radical
teaching," and the incident has been one
of the outstanding cases involving aca
demic freedom in American university
life. After the termination of his asso
ciation with the University of Pennsyl
vania, he became professor of social
science and dean of arts and sciences at
Toledo University, Ohio. From this insti
tution, also, he was dismissed. He then
became lecturer at the Rand School of
Social Science, in New York. In 1919
he was a socialist candidate for Congress.
Nearing has also made a name for him
self as the author of numerous outstand
ing works on social relationships, among
which are: "Solution of the Child Labor
Problem," "Social Sanity," "Poverty and
Riches," and "The Social Adjustment."
Scott Ncaring, socialist lccturer and
writer, will speak tonight before Pi Sig
ma Alpha, honorary political sciencc fra
ternity, at a dinner to be given in his
honor at the Union by that organization.
At 8 o'clock he will give a free public
lecture in the Native Sons' Hall in Palo
Alto, the subject of his address being "Is
It War or Peace?"
Ncaring is well known throughout the
nation as a free-thinker, having first come
to public notice in 1915, when he was
discharged from the faculty of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania. The reason for
his dismissal was stated as "radical
teaching," and the incident has been one
of the outstanding cases involving aca
demic freedom in American university
life. After the termination of his asso
ciation with the University of Pennsyl
vania, he became professor of social
science and dean of arts and sciences at
Toledo University, Ohio. From this insti
tution, also, he was dismissed. He then
became lecturer at the Rand School of
Social Science, in New York. In 1919
he was a socialist candidate for Congress.
Nearing has also made a name for him
self as the author of numerous outstand
ing works on social relationships, among
which are: "Solution of the Child Labor
Problem," "Social Sanity," "Poverty and
Riches," and "The Social Adjustment."
Scott Ncaring, socialist lccturer and
writer, will speak tonight before Pi Sig
ma Alpha, honorary political sciencc fra
ternity, at a dinner to be given in his
honor at the Union by that organization.
At 8 o'clock he will give a free public
lecture in the Native Sons' Hall in Palo
Alto, the subject of his address being "Is
It War or Peace?"
Ncaring is well known throughout the
nation as a free-thinker, having first come
to public notice in 1915, when he was
discharged from the faculty of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania. The reason for
his dismissal was stated as "radical
teaching," and the incident has been one
of the outstanding cases involving aca
demic freedom in American university
life. After the termination of his asso
ciation with the University of Pennsyl
vania, he became professor of social
science and dean of arts and sciences at
Toledo University, Ohio. From this insti
tution, also, he was dismissed. He then
became lecturer at the Rand School of
Social Science, in New York. In 1919
he was a socialist candidate for Congress.
Nearing has also made a name for him
self as the author of numerous outstand
ing works on social relationships, among
which are: "Solution of the Child Labor
Problem," "Social Sanity," "Poverty and
Riches," and "The Social Adjustment."
Scott Ncaring, socialist lccturer and
writer, will speak tonight before Pi Sig
ma Alpha, honorary political sciencc fra
ternity, at a dinner to be given in his
honor at the Union by that organization.
At 8 o'clock he will give a free public
lecture in the Native Sons' Hall in Palo
Alto, the subject of his address being "Is
It War or Peace?"
Ncaring is well known throughout the
nation as a free-thinker, having first come
to public notice in 1915, when he was
discharged from the faculty of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania. The reason for
his dismissal was stated as "radical
teaching," and the incident has been one
of the outstanding cases involving aca
demic freedom in American university
life. After the termination of his asso
ciation with the University of Pennsyl
vania, he became professor of social
science and dean of arts and sciences at
Toledo University, Ohio. From this insti
tution, also, he was dismissed. He then
became lecturer at the Rand School of
Social Science, in New York. In 1919
he was a socialist candidate for Congress.
Nearing has also made a name for him
self as the author of numerous outstand
ing works on social relationships, among
which are: "Solution of the Child Labor
Problem," "Social Sanity," "Poverty and
Riches," and "The Social Adjustment."
Scott Ncaring, socialist lccturer and
writer, will speak tonight before Pi Sig
ma Alpha, honorary political sciencc fra
ternity, at a dinner to be given in his
honor at the Union by that organization.
At 8 o'clock he will give a free public
lecture in the Native Sons' Hall in Palo
Alto, the subject of his address being "Is
It War or Peace?"
Ncaring is well known throughout the
nation as a free-thinker, having first come
to public notice in 1915, when he was
discharged from the faculty of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania. The reason for
his dismissal was stated as "radical
teaching," and the incident has been one
of the outstanding cases involving aca
demic freedom in American university
life. After the termination of his asso
ciation with the University of Pennsyl
vania, he became professor of social
science and dean of arts and sciences at
Toledo University, Ohio. From this insti
tution, also, he was dismissed. He then
became lecturer at the Rand School of
Social Science, in New York. In 1919
he was a socialist candidate for Congress.
Nearing has also made a name for him
self as the author of numerous outstand
ing works on social relationships, among
which are: "Solution of the Child Labor
Problem," "Social Sanity," "Poverty and
Riches," and "The Social Adjustment."
Scott Ncaring, socialist lccturer and
writer, will speak tonight before Pi Sig
ma Alpha, honorary political sciencc fra
ternity, at a dinner to be given in his
honor at the Union by that organization.
At 8 o'clock he will give a free public
lecture in the Native Sons' Hall in Palo
Alto, the subject of his address being "Is
It War or Peace?"
Ncaring is well known throughout the
nation as a free-thinker, having first come
to public notice in 1915, when he was
discharged from the faculty of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania. The reason for
his dismissal was stated as "radical
teaching," and the incident has been one
of the outstanding cases involving aca
demic freedom in American university
life. After the termination of his asso
ciation with the University of Pennsyl
vania, he became professor of social
science and dean of arts and sciences at
Toledo University, Ohio. From this insti
tution, also, he was dismissed. He then
became lecturer at the Rand School of
Social Science, in New York. In 1919
he was a socialist candidate for Congress.
Nearing has also made a name for him
self as the author of numerous outstand
ing works on social relationships, among
which are: "Solution of the Child Labor
Problem," "Social Sanity," "Poverty and
Riches," and "The Social Adjustment."
Scott Ncaring, socialist lccturer and
writer, will speak tonight before Pi Sig
ma Alpha, honorary political sciencc fra
ternity, at a dinner to be given in his
honor at the Union by that organization.
At 8 o'clock he will give a free public
lecture in the Native Sons' Hall in Palo
Alto, the subject of his address being "Is
It War or Peace?"
Ncaring is well known throughout the
nation as a free-thinker, having first come
to public notice in 1915, when he was
discharged from the faculty of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania. The reason for
his dismissal was stated as "radical
teaching," and the incident has been one
of the outstanding cases involving aca
demic freedom in American university
life. After the termination of his asso
ciation with the University of Pennsyl
vania, he became professor of social
science and dean of arts and sciences at
Toledo University, Ohio. From this insti
tution, also, he was dismissed. He then
became lecturer at the Rand School of
Social Science, in New York. In 1919
he was a socialist candidate for Congress.
Nearing has also made a name for him
self as the author of numerous outstand
ing works on social relationships, among
which are: "Solution of the Child Labor
Problem," "Social Sanity," "Poverty and
Riches," and "The Social Adjustment."
Scott Ncaring, socialist lccturer and
writer, will speak tonight before Pi Sig
ma Alpha, honorary political sciencc fra
ternity, at a dinner to be given in his
honor at the Union by that organization.
At 8 o'clock he will give a free public
lecture in the Native Sons' Hall in Palo
Alto, the subject of his address being "Is
It War or Peace?"
Ncaring is well known throughout the
nation as a free-thinker, having first come
to public notice in 1915, when he was
discharged from the faculty of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania. The reason for
his dismissal was stated as "radical
teaching," and the incident has been one
of the outstanding cases involving aca
demic freedom in American university
life. After the termination of his asso
ciation with the University of Pennsyl
vania, he became professor of social
science and dean of arts and sciences at
Toledo University, Ohio. From this insti
tution, also, he was dismissed. He then
became lecturer at the Rand School of
Social Science, in New York. In 1919
he was a socialist candidate for Congress.
Nearing has also made a name for him
self as the author of numerous outstand
ing works on social relationships, among
which are: "Solution of the Child Labor
Problem," "Social Sanity," "Poverty and
Riches," and "The Social Adjustment."
Scott Ncaring, socialist lccturer and
writer, will speak tonight before Pi Sig
ma Alpha, honorary political sciencc fra
ternity, at a dinner to be given in his
honor at the Union by that organization.
At 8 o'clock he will give a free public
lecture in the Native Sons' Hall in Palo
Alto, the subject of his address being "Is
It War or Peace?"
Ncaring is well known throughout the
nation as a free-thinker, having first come
to public notice in 1915, when he was
discharged from the faculty of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania. The reason for
his dismissal was stated as "radical
teaching," and the incident has been one
of the outstanding cases involving aca
demic freedom in American university
life. After the termination of his asso
ciation with the University of Pennsyl
vania, he became professor of social
science and dean of arts and sciences at
Toledo University, Ohio. From this insti
tution, also, he was dismissed. He then
became lecturer at the Rand School of
Social Science, in New York. In 1919
he was a socialist candidate for Congress.
Nearing has also made a name for him
self as the author of numerous outstand
ing works on social relationships, among
which are: "Solution of the Child Labor
Problem," "Social Sanity," "Poverty and
Riches," and "The Social Adjustment."
Scott Ncaring, socialist lccturer and
writer, will speak tonight before Pi Sig
ma Alpha, honorary political sciencc fra
ternity, at a dinner to be given in his
honor at the Union by that organization.
At 8 o'clock he will give a free public
lecture in the Native Sons' Hall in Palo
Alto, the subject of his address being "Is
It War or Peace?"
Ncaring is well known throughout the
nation as a free-thinker, having first come
to public notice in 1915, when he was
discharged from the faculty of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania. The reason for
his dismissal was stated as "radical
teaching," and the incident has been one
of the outstanding cases involving aca
demic freedom in American university
life. After the termination of his asso
ciation with the University of Pennsyl
vania, he became professor of social
science and dean of arts and sciences at
Toledo University, Ohio. From this insti
tution, also, he was dismissed. He then
became lecturer at the Rand School of
Social Science, in New York. In 1919
he was a socialist candidate for Congress.
Nearing has also made a name for him
self as the author of numerous outstand
ing works on social relationships, among
which are: "Solution of the Child Labor
Problem," "Social Sanity," "Poverty and
Riches," and "The Social Adjustment."
Scott Ncaring, socialist lccturer and
writer, will speak tonight before Pi Sig
ma Alpha, honorary political sciencc fra
ternity, at a dinner to be given in his
honor at the Union by that organization.
At 8 o'clock he will give a free public
lecture in the Native Sons' Hall in Palo
Alto, the subject of his address being "Is
It War or Peace?"
Ncaring is well known throughout the
nation as a free-thinker, having first come
to public notice in 1915, when he was
discharged from the faculty of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania. The reason for
his dismissal was stated as "radical
teaching," and the incident has been one
of the outstanding cases involving aca
demic freedom in American university
life. After the termination of his asso
ciation with the University of Pennsyl
vania, he became professor of social
science and dean of arts and sciences at
Toledo University, Ohio. From this insti
tution, also, he was dismissed. He then
became lecturer at the Rand School of
Social Science, in New York. In 1919
he was a socialist candidate for Congress.
Nearing has also made a name for him
self as the author of numerous outstand
ing works on social relationships, among
which are: "Solution of the Child Labor
Problem," "Social Sanity," "Poverty and
Riches," and "The Social Adjustment."
