# BERLIN LETTER STRAYS FROM "NARROW" PATH
## 
### 
A letter, sent from Berlin and ad
dressed to a village twelve miles
away, will have traveled more than
half way around the world by the
lime it reaches its destination.
August C. Mahr, assistant professor
in German, opened a circular sent to
him from Berlin. Out tumbled a small
letter which had slipped into the
leaves of the pamphlet and had trav
eled the 7000 miles by mistake un
noticed by postal authorities.
"Opened by mistake at Stanford
University, California, U.S.A." was
written 011 the wayward letter by Dr.
Mahr before he slipped it into a drop
to start the wandering missive on its
long way home.
"That's the greatest distance I've
ever heard of a letter being sent by
mistake," commented V. P. Mason,
local superintendent of mails.
A letter, sent from Berlin and ad
dressed to a village twelve miles
away, will have traveled more than
half way around the world by the
lime it reaches its destination.
August C. Mahr, assistant professor
in German, opened a circular sent to
him from Berlin. Out tumbled a small
letter which had slipped into the
leaves of the pamphlet and had trav
eled the 7000 miles by mistake un
noticed by postal authorities.
"Opened by mistake at Stanford
University, California, U.S.A." was
written 011 the wayward letter by Dr.
Mahr before he slipped it into a drop
to start the wandering missive on its
long way home.
"That's the greatest distance I've
ever heard of a letter being sent by
mistake," commented V. P. Mason,
local superintendent of mails.
A letter, sent from Berlin and ad
dressed to a village twelve miles
away, will have traveled more than
half way around the world by the
lime it reaches its destination.
August C. Mahr, assistant professor
in German, opened a circular sent to
him from Berlin. Out tumbled a small
letter which had slipped into the
leaves of the pamphlet and had trav
eled the 7000 miles by mistake un
noticed by postal authorities.
"Opened by mistake at Stanford
University, California, U.S.A." was
written 011 the wayward letter by Dr.
Mahr before he slipped it into a drop
to start the wandering missive on its
long way home.
"That's the greatest distance I've
ever heard of a letter being sent by
mistake," commented V. P. Mason,
local superintendent of mails.
A letter, sent from Berlin and ad
dressed to a village twelve miles
away, will have traveled more than
half way around the world by the
lime it reaches its destination.
August C. Mahr, assistant professor
in German, opened a circular sent to
him from Berlin. Out tumbled a small
letter which had slipped into the
leaves of the pamphlet and had trav
eled the 7000 miles by mistake un
noticed by postal authorities.
"Opened by mistake at Stanford
University, California, U.S.A." was
written 011 the wayward letter by Dr.
Mahr before he slipped it into a drop
to start the wandering missive on its
long way home.
"That's the greatest distance I've
ever heard of a letter being sent by
mistake," commented V. P. Mason,
local superintendent of mails.
A letter, sent from Berlin and ad
dressed to a village twelve miles
away, will have traveled more than
half way around the world by the
lime it reaches its destination.
August C. Mahr, assistant professor
in German, opened a circular sent to
him from Berlin. Out tumbled a small
letter which had slipped into the
leaves of the pamphlet and had trav
eled the 7000 miles by mistake un
noticed by postal authorities.
"Opened by mistake at Stanford
University, California, U.S.A." was
written 011 the wayward letter by Dr.
Mahr before he slipped it into a drop
to start the wandering missive on its
long way home.
"That's the greatest distance I've
ever heard of a letter being sent by
mistake," commented V. P. Mason,
local superintendent of mails.
A letter, sent from Berlin and ad
dressed to a village twelve miles
away, will have traveled more than
half way around the world by the
lime it reaches its destination.
August C. Mahr, assistant professor
in German, opened a circular sent to
him from Berlin. Out tumbled a small
letter which had slipped into the
leaves of the pamphlet and had trav
eled the 7000 miles by mistake un
noticed by postal authorities.
"Opened by mistake at Stanford
University, California, U.S.A." was
written 011 the wayward letter by Dr.
Mahr before he slipped it into a drop
to start the wandering missive on its
long way home.
"That's the greatest distance I've
ever heard of a letter being sent by
mistake," commented V. P. Mason,
local superintendent of mails.
A letter, sent from Berlin and ad
dressed to a village twelve miles
away, will have traveled more than
half way around the world by the
lime it reaches its destination.
August C. Mahr, assistant professor
in German, opened a circular sent to
him from Berlin. Out tumbled a small
letter which had slipped into the
leaves of the pamphlet and had trav
eled the 7000 miles by mistake un
noticed by postal authorities.
"Opened by mistake at Stanford
University, California, U.S.A." was
written 011 the wayward letter by Dr.
Mahr before he slipped it into a drop
to start the wandering missive on its
long way home.
"That's the greatest distance I've
ever heard of a letter being sent by
mistake," commented V. P. Mason,
local superintendent of mails.
A letter, sent from Berlin and ad
dressed to a village twelve miles
away, will have traveled more than
half way around the world by the
lime it reaches its destination.
August C. Mahr, assistant professor
in German, opened a circular sent to
him from Berlin. Out tumbled a small
letter which had slipped into the
leaves of the pamphlet and had trav
eled the 7000 miles by mistake un
noticed by postal authorities.
"Opened by mistake at Stanford
University, California, U.S.A." was
written 011 the wayward letter by Dr.
Mahr before he slipped it into a drop
to start the wandering missive on its
long way home.
"That's the greatest distance I've
ever heard of a letter being sent by
mistake," commented V. P. Mason,
local superintendent of mails.
A letter, sent from Berlin and ad
dressed to a village twelve miles
away, will have traveled more than
half way around the world by the
lime it reaches its destination.
August C. Mahr, assistant professor
in German, opened a circular sent to
him from Berlin. Out tumbled a small
letter which had slipped into the
leaves of the pamphlet and had trav
eled the 7000 miles by mistake un
noticed by postal authorities.
"Opened by mistake at Stanford
University, California, U.S.A." was
written 011 the wayward letter by Dr.
Mahr before he slipped it into a drop
to start the wandering missive on its
long way home.
"That's the greatest distance I've
ever heard of a letter being sent by
mistake," commented V. P. Mason,
local superintendent of mails.
A letter, sent from Berlin and ad
dressed to a village twelve miles
away, will have traveled more than
half way around the world by the
lime it reaches its destination.
August C. Mahr, assistant professor
in German, opened a circular sent to
him from Berlin. Out tumbled a small
letter which had slipped into the
leaves of the pamphlet and had trav
eled the 7000 miles by mistake un
noticed by postal authorities.
"Opened by mistake at Stanford
University, California, U.S.A." was
written 011 the wayward letter by Dr.
Mahr before he slipped it into a drop
to start the wandering missive on its
long way home.
"That's the greatest distance I've
ever heard of a letter being sent by
mistake," commented V. P. Mason,
local superintendent of mails.
A letter, sent from Berlin and ad
dressed to a village twelve miles
away, will have traveled more than
half way around the world by the
lime it reaches its destination.
August C. Mahr, assistant professor
in German, opened a circular sent to
him from Berlin. Out tumbled a small
letter which had slipped into the
leaves of the pamphlet and had trav
eled the 7000 miles by mistake un
noticed by postal authorities.
"Opened by mistake at Stanford
University, California, U.S.A." was
written 011 the wayward letter by Dr.
Mahr before he slipped it into a drop
to start the wandering missive on its
long way home.
"That's the greatest distance I've
ever heard of a letter being sent by
mistake," commented V. P. Mason,
local superintendent of mails.
A letter, sent from Berlin and ad
dressed to a village twelve miles
away, will have traveled more than
half way around the world by the
lime it reaches its destination.
August C. Mahr, assistant professor
in German, opened a circular sent to
him from Berlin. Out tumbled a small
letter which had slipped into the
leaves of the pamphlet and had trav
eled the 7000 miles by mistake un
noticed by postal authorities.
"Opened by mistake at Stanford
University, California, U.S.A." was
written 011 the wayward letter by Dr.
Mahr before he slipped it into a drop
to start the wandering missive on its
long way home.
"That's the greatest distance I've
ever heard of a letter being sent by
mistake," commented V. P. Mason,
local superintendent of mails.
A letter, sent from Berlin and ad
dressed to a village twelve miles
away, will have traveled more than
half way around the world by the
lime it reaches its destination.
August C. Mahr, assistant professor
in German, opened a circular sent to
him from Berlin. Out tumbled a small
letter which had slipped into the
leaves of the pamphlet and had trav
eled the 7000 miles by mistake un
noticed by postal authorities.
"Opened by mistake at Stanford
University, California, U.S.A." was
written 011 the wayward letter by Dr.
Mahr before he slipped it into a drop
to start the wandering missive on its
long way home.
"That's the greatest distance I've
ever heard of a letter being sent by
mistake," commented V. P. Mason,
local superintendent of mails.
A letter, sent from Berlin and ad
dressed to a village twelve miles
away, will have traveled more than
half way around the world by the
lime it reaches its destination.
August C. Mahr, assistant professor
in German, opened a circular sent to
him from Berlin. Out tumbled a small
letter which had slipped into the
leaves of the pamphlet and had trav
eled the 7000 miles by mistake un
noticed by postal authorities.
"Opened by mistake at Stanford
University, California, U.S.A." was
written 011 the wayward letter by Dr.
Mahr before he slipped it into a drop
to start the wandering missive on its
long way home.
"That's the greatest distance I've
ever heard of a letter being sent by
mistake," commented V. P. Mason,
local superintendent of mails.
A letter, sent from Berlin and ad
dressed to a village twelve miles
away, will have traveled more than
half way around the world by the
lime it reaches its destination.
August C. Mahr, assistant professor
in German, opened a circular sent to
him from Berlin. Out tumbled a small
letter which had slipped into the
leaves of the pamphlet and had trav
eled the 7000 miles by mistake un
noticed by postal authorities.
"Opened by mistake at Stanford
University, California, U.S.A." was
written 011 the wayward letter by Dr.
Mahr before he slipped it into a drop
to start the wandering missive on its
long way home.
"That's the greatest distance I've
ever heard of a letter being sent by
mistake," commented V. P. Mason,
local superintendent of mails.
A letter, sent from Berlin and ad
dressed to a village twelve miles
away, will have traveled more than
half way around the world by the
lime it reaches its destination.
August C. Mahr, assistant professor
in German, opened a circular sent to
him from Berlin. Out tumbled a small
letter which had slipped into the
leaves of the pamphlet and had trav
eled the 7000 miles by mistake un
noticed by postal authorities.
"Opened by mistake at Stanford
University, California, U.S.A." was
written 011 the wayward letter by Dr.
Mahr before he slipped it into a drop
to start the wandering missive on its
long way home.
"That's the greatest distance I've
ever heard of a letter being sent by
mistake," commented V. P. Mason,
local superintendent of mails.
A letter, sent from Berlin and ad
dressed to a village twelve miles
away, will have traveled more than
half way around the world by the
lime it reaches its destination.
August C. Mahr, assistant professor
in German, opened a circular sent to
him from Berlin. Out tumbled a small
letter which had slipped into the
leaves of the pamphlet and had trav
eled the 7000 miles by mistake un
noticed by postal authorities.
"Opened by mistake at Stanford
University, California, U.S.A." was
written 011 the wayward letter by Dr.
Mahr before he slipped it into a drop
to start the wandering missive on its
long way home.
"That's the greatest distance I've
ever heard of a letter being sent by
mistake," commented V. P. Mason,
local superintendent of mails.
