# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Yesterday's JV baseball game
between Santa Rosa ,IC and the
Stanford Braves was canceled
"when Santa Rosa ran out of pitch
ers. The JCers have had to make
up several league games which
were rained out last week, and
officials of the school called up
yesterday, requesting that the
game he canceled.
Next M o n d a y' s g a in e with
Stockton JC has also been called
off for the same reason.
Yesterday's JV baseball game
between Santa Rosa ,IC and the
Stanford Braves was canceled
"when Santa Rosa ran out of pitch
ers. The JCers have had to make
up several league games which
were rained out last week, and
officials of the school called up
yesterday, requesting that the
game he canceled.
Next M o n d a y' s g a in e with
Stockton JC has also been called
off for the same reason.
Yesterday's JV baseball game
between Santa Rosa ,IC and the
Stanford Braves was canceled
"when Santa Rosa ran out of pitch
ers. The JCers have had to make
up several league games which
were rained out last week, and
officials of the school called up
yesterday, requesting that the
game he canceled.
Next M o n d a y' s g a in e with
Stockton JC has also been called
off for the same reason.
Yesterday's JV baseball game
between Santa Rosa ,IC and the
Stanford Braves was canceled
"when Santa Rosa ran out of pitch
ers. The JCers have had to make
up several league games which
were rained out last week, and
officials of the school called up
yesterday, requesting that the
game he canceled.
Next M o n d a y' s g a in e with
Stockton JC has also been called
off for the same reason.
Yesterday's JV baseball game
between Santa Rosa ,IC and the
Stanford Braves was canceled
"when Santa Rosa ran out of pitch
ers. The JCers have had to make
up several league games which
were rained out last week, and
officials of the school called up
yesterday, requesting that the
game he canceled.
Next M o n d a y' s g a in e with
Stockton JC has also been called
off for the same reason.
Yesterday's JV baseball game
between Santa Rosa ,IC and the
Stanford Braves was canceled
"when Santa Rosa ran out of pitch
ers. The JCers have had to make
up several league games which
were rained out last week, and
officials of the school called up
yesterday, requesting that the
game he canceled.
Next M o n d a y' s g a in e with
Stockton JC has also been called
off for the same reason.
Yesterday's JV baseball game
between Santa Rosa ,IC and the
Stanford Braves was canceled
"when Santa Rosa ran out of pitch
ers. The JCers have had to make
up several league games which
were rained out last week, and
officials of the school called up
yesterday, requesting that the
game he canceled.
Next M o n d a y' s g a in e with
Stockton JC has also been called
off for the same reason.
Yesterday's JV baseball game
between Santa Rosa ,IC and the
Stanford Braves was canceled
"when Santa Rosa ran out of pitch
ers. The JCers have had to make
up several league games which
were rained out last week, and
officials of the school called up
yesterday, requesting that the
game he canceled.
Next M o n d a y' s g a in e with
Stockton JC has also been called
off for the same reason.
Yesterday's JV baseball game
between Santa Rosa ,IC and the
Stanford Braves was canceled
"when Santa Rosa ran out of pitch
ers. The JCers have had to make
up several league games which
were rained out last week, and
officials of the school called up
yesterday, requesting that the
game he canceled.
Next M o n d a y' s g a in e with
Stockton JC has also been called
off for the same reason.
Yesterday's JV baseball game
between Santa Rosa ,IC and the
Stanford Braves was canceled
"when Santa Rosa ran out of pitch
ers. The JCers have had to make
up several league games which
were rained out last week, and
officials of the school called up
yesterday, requesting that the
game he canceled.
Next M o n d a y' s g a in e with
Stockton JC has also been called
off for the same reason.
Yesterday's JV baseball game
between Santa Rosa ,IC and the
Stanford Braves was canceled
"when Santa Rosa ran out of pitch
ers. The JCers have had to make
up several league games which
were rained out last week, and
officials of the school called up
yesterday, requesting that the
game he canceled.
Next M o n d a y' s g a in e with
Stockton JC has also been called
off for the same reason.
Yesterday's JV baseball game
between Santa Rosa ,IC and the
Stanford Braves was canceled
"when Santa Rosa ran out of pitch
ers. The JCers have had to make
up several league games which
were rained out last week, and
officials of the school called up
yesterday, requesting that the
game he canceled.
Next M o n d a y' s g a in e with
Stockton JC has also been called
off for the same reason.
Yesterday's JV baseball game
between Santa Rosa ,IC and the
Stanford Braves was canceled
"when Santa Rosa ran out of pitch
ers. The JCers have had to make
up several league games which
were rained out last week, and
officials of the school called up
yesterday, requesting that the
game he canceled.
Next M o n d a y' s g a in e with
Stockton JC has also been called
off for the same reason.
Yesterday's JV baseball game
between Santa Rosa ,IC and the
Stanford Braves was canceled
"when Santa Rosa ran out of pitch
ers. The JCers have had to make
up several league games which
were rained out last week, and
officials of the school called up
yesterday, requesting that the
game he canceled.
Next M o n d a y' s g a in e with
Stockton JC has also been called
off for the same reason.
Yesterday's JV baseball game
between Santa Rosa ,IC and the
Stanford Braves was canceled
"when Santa Rosa ran out of pitch
ers. The JCers have had to make
up several league games which
were rained out last week, and
officials of the school called up
yesterday, requesting that the
game he canceled.
Next M o n d a y' s g a in e with
Stockton JC has also been called
off for the same reason.
