# Political Section Elects.
## 
### 
At the first meeting of the Political
Section of the Social Club, held this
afternoon, B. S. Allen, '07, was elected
president and C. A. Prevost, '09, sec
retary. It is the intention of this sec
tion to procure such prominent polit
ical speakers as Heney, Langdon and
Spreckels to address them during the
semester.
At the first meeting of the Political
Section of the Social Club, held this
afternoon, B. S. Allen, '07, was elected
president and C. A. Prevost, '09, sec
retary. It is the intention of this sec
tion to procure such prominent polit
ical speakers as Heney, Langdon and
Spreckels to address them during the
semester.
At the first meeting of the Political
Section of the Social Club, held this
afternoon, B. S. Allen, '07, was elected
president and C. A. Prevost, '09, sec
retary. It is the intention of this sec
tion to procure such prominent polit
ical speakers as Heney, Langdon and
Spreckels to address them during the
semester.
At the first meeting of the Political
Section of the Social Club, held this
afternoon, B. S. Allen, '07, was elected
president and C. A. Prevost, '09, sec
retary. It is the intention of this sec
tion to procure such prominent polit
ical speakers as Heney, Langdon and
Spreckels to address them during the
semester.
At the first meeting of the Political
Section of the Social Club, held this
afternoon, B. S. Allen, '07, was elected
president and C. A. Prevost, '09, sec
retary. It is the intention of this sec
tion to procure such prominent polit
ical speakers as Heney, Langdon and
Spreckels to address them during the
semester.
At the first meeting of the Political
Section of the Social Club, held this
afternoon, B. S. Allen, '07, was elected
president and C. A. Prevost, '09, sec
retary. It is the intention of this sec
tion to procure such prominent polit
ical speakers as Heney, Langdon and
Spreckels to address them during the
semester.
At the first meeting of the Political
Section of the Social Club, held this
afternoon, B. S. Allen, '07, was elected
president and C. A. Prevost, '09, sec
retary. It is the intention of this sec
tion to procure such prominent polit
ical speakers as Heney, Langdon and
Spreckels to address them during the
semester.
At the first meeting of the Political
Section of the Social Club, held this
afternoon, B. S. Allen, '07, was elected
president and C. A. Prevost, '09, sec
retary. It is the intention of this sec
tion to procure such prominent polit
ical speakers as Heney, Langdon and
Spreckels to address them during the
semester.
At the first meeting of the Political
Section of the Social Club, held this
afternoon, B. S. Allen, '07, was elected
president and C. A. Prevost, '09, sec
retary. It is the intention of this sec
tion to procure such prominent polit
ical speakers as Heney, Langdon and
Spreckels to address them during the
semester.
