# Senior Class Meeting Postponed.
## 
### 
The meeting of the Senior class
scheduled for 1:15 tomorrow after
noon. has been postponed because of
the meeting at the same time of can
didates for baseball practice. The
meeting of the class will be held
Monday afternoon at 1:15. The meet
ing will be held for nomination of
officers for the second semester.
Other important matters will be dis
cussed.
The meeting of the Senior class
scheduled for 1:15 tomorrow after
noon. has been postponed because of
the meeting at the same time of can
didates for baseball practice. The
meeting of the class will be held
Monday afternoon at 1:15. The meet
ing will be held for nomination of
officers for the second semester.
Other important matters will be dis
cussed.
The meeting of the Senior class
scheduled for 1:15 tomorrow after
noon. has been postponed because of
the meeting at the same time of can
didates for baseball practice. The
meeting of the class will be held
Monday afternoon at 1:15. The meet
ing will be held for nomination of
officers for the second semester.
Other important matters will be dis
cussed.
The meeting of the Senior class
scheduled for 1:15 tomorrow after
noon. has been postponed because of
the meeting at the same time of can
didates for baseball practice. The
meeting of the class will be held
Monday afternoon at 1:15. The meet
ing will be held for nomination of
officers for the second semester.
Other important matters will be dis
cussed.
The meeting of the Senior class
scheduled for 1:15 tomorrow after
noon. has been postponed because of
the meeting at the same time of can
didates for baseball practice. The
meeting of the class will be held
Monday afternoon at 1:15. The meet
ing will be held for nomination of
officers for the second semester.
Other important matters will be dis
cussed.
The meeting of the Senior class
scheduled for 1:15 tomorrow after
noon. has been postponed because of
the meeting at the same time of can
didates for baseball practice. The
meeting of the class will be held
Monday afternoon at 1:15. The meet
ing will be held for nomination of
officers for the second semester.
Other important matters will be dis
cussed.
The meeting of the Senior class
scheduled for 1:15 tomorrow after
noon. has been postponed because of
the meeting at the same time of can
didates for baseball practice. The
meeting of the class will be held
Monday afternoon at 1:15. The meet
ing will be held for nomination of
officers for the second semester.
Other important matters will be dis
cussed.
The meeting of the Senior class
scheduled for 1:15 tomorrow after
noon. has been postponed because of
the meeting at the same time of can
didates for baseball practice. The
meeting of the class will be held
Monday afternoon at 1:15. The meet
ing will be held for nomination of
officers for the second semester.
Other important matters will be dis
cussed.
The meeting of the Senior class
scheduled for 1:15 tomorrow after
noon. has been postponed because of
the meeting at the same time of can
didates for baseball practice. The
meeting of the class will be held
Monday afternoon at 1:15. The meet
ing will be held for nomination of
officers for the second semester.
Other important matters will be dis
cussed.
