# Dykes to Orioles
## 
### 
BALTIMORE. Md., Nov. 11 (UP)
—Jimmy Dykes, popular, cigar
smoking veteran of 36 years in
baseball, was named today to re
place Marty Marion as manager of
the Baltimore Orioles for one year.
Orioles General Manager Arthur
Ehlers, who said he was "overjoyed
at the opportunity to renew his
business relations with Dykes," re
fused to reveal the terms of the
contract but it was estimated that
it called for $35,000—the same fig
ure Marion received for managing
the erstwhile St. Louis Browns.
BALTIMORE. Md., Nov. 11 (UP)
—Jimmy Dykes, popular, cigar
smoking veteran of 36 years in
baseball, was named today to re
place Marty Marion as manager of
the Baltimore Orioles for one year.
Orioles General Manager Arthur
Ehlers, who said he was "overjoyed
at the opportunity to renew his
business relations with Dykes," re
fused to reveal the terms of the
contract but it was estimated that
it called for $35,000—the same fig
ure Marion received for managing
the erstwhile St. Louis Browns.
BALTIMORE. Md., Nov. 11 (UP)
—Jimmy Dykes, popular, cigar
smoking veteran of 36 years in
baseball, was named today to re
place Marty Marion as manager of
the Baltimore Orioles for one year.
Orioles General Manager Arthur
Ehlers, who said he was "overjoyed
at the opportunity to renew his
business relations with Dykes," re
fused to reveal the terms of the
contract but it was estimated that
it called for $35,000—the same fig
ure Marion received for managing
the erstwhile St. Louis Browns.
BALTIMORE. Md., Nov. 11 (UP)
—Jimmy Dykes, popular, cigar
smoking veteran of 36 years in
baseball, was named today to re
place Marty Marion as manager of
the Baltimore Orioles for one year.
Orioles General Manager Arthur
Ehlers, who said he was "overjoyed
at the opportunity to renew his
business relations with Dykes," re
fused to reveal the terms of the
contract but it was estimated that
it called for $35,000—the same fig
ure Marion received for managing
the erstwhile St. Louis Browns.
BALTIMORE. Md., Nov. 11 (UP)
—Jimmy Dykes, popular, cigar
smoking veteran of 36 years in
baseball, was named today to re
place Marty Marion as manager of
the Baltimore Orioles for one year.
Orioles General Manager Arthur
Ehlers, who said he was "overjoyed
at the opportunity to renew his
business relations with Dykes," re
fused to reveal the terms of the
contract but it was estimated that
it called for $35,000—the same fig
ure Marion received for managing
the erstwhile St. Louis Browns.
BALTIMORE. Md., Nov. 11 (UP)
—Jimmy Dykes, popular, cigar
smoking veteran of 36 years in
baseball, was named today to re
place Marty Marion as manager of
the Baltimore Orioles for one year.
Orioles General Manager Arthur
Ehlers, who said he was "overjoyed
at the opportunity to renew his
business relations with Dykes," re
fused to reveal the terms of the
contract but it was estimated that
it called for $35,000—the same fig
ure Marion received for managing
the erstwhile St. Louis Browns.
BALTIMORE. Md., Nov. 11 (UP)
—Jimmy Dykes, popular, cigar
smoking veteran of 36 years in
baseball, was named today to re
place Marty Marion as manager of
the Baltimore Orioles for one year.
Orioles General Manager Arthur
Ehlers, who said he was "overjoyed
at the opportunity to renew his
business relations with Dykes," re
fused to reveal the terms of the
contract but it was estimated that
it called for $35,000—the same fig
ure Marion received for managing
the erstwhile St. Louis Browns.
BALTIMORE. Md., Nov. 11 (UP)
—Jimmy Dykes, popular, cigar
smoking veteran of 36 years in
baseball, was named today to re
place Marty Marion as manager of
the Baltimore Orioles for one year.
Orioles General Manager Arthur
Ehlers, who said he was "overjoyed
at the opportunity to renew his
business relations with Dykes," re
fused to reveal the terms of the
contract but it was estimated that
it called for $35,000—the same fig
ure Marion received for managing
the erstwhile St. Louis Browns.
BALTIMORE. Md., Nov. 11 (UP)
—Jimmy Dykes, popular, cigar
smoking veteran of 36 years in
baseball, was named today to re
place Marty Marion as manager of
the Baltimore Orioles for one year.
Orioles General Manager Arthur
Ehlers, who said he was "overjoyed
at the opportunity to renew his
business relations with Dykes," re
fused to reveal the terms of the
contract but it was estimated that
it called for $35,000—the same fig
ure Marion received for managing
the erstwhile St. Louis Browns.
BALTIMORE. Md., Nov. 11 (UP)
—Jimmy Dykes, popular, cigar
smoking veteran of 36 years in
baseball, was named today to re
place Marty Marion as manager of
the Baltimore Orioles for one year.
Orioles General Manager Arthur
Ehlers, who said he was "overjoyed
at the opportunity to renew his
business relations with Dykes," re
fused to reveal the terms of the
contract but it was estimated that
it called for $35,000—the same fig
ure Marion received for managing
the erstwhile St. Louis Browns.
BALTIMORE. Md., Nov. 11 (UP)
—Jimmy Dykes, popular, cigar
smoking veteran of 36 years in
baseball, was named today to re
place Marty Marion as manager of
the Baltimore Orioles for one year.
Orioles General Manager Arthur
Ehlers, who said he was "overjoyed
at the opportunity to renew his
business relations with Dykes," re
fused to reveal the terms of the
contract but it was estimated that
it called for $35,000—the same fig
ure Marion received for managing
the erstwhile St. Louis Browns.
BALTIMORE. Md., Nov. 11 (UP)
—Jimmy Dykes, popular, cigar
smoking veteran of 36 years in
baseball, was named today to re
place Marty Marion as manager of
the Baltimore Orioles for one year.
Orioles General Manager Arthur
Ehlers, who said he was "overjoyed
at the opportunity to renew his
business relations with Dykes," re
fused to reveal the terms of the
contract but it was estimated that
it called for $35,000—the same fig
ure Marion received for managing
the erstwhile St. Louis Browns.
BALTIMORE. Md., Nov. 11 (UP)
—Jimmy Dykes, popular, cigar
smoking veteran of 36 years in
baseball, was named today to re
place Marty Marion as manager of
the Baltimore Orioles for one year.
Orioles General Manager Arthur
Ehlers, who said he was "overjoyed
at the opportunity to renew his
business relations with Dykes," re
fused to reveal the terms of the
contract but it was estimated that
it called for $35,000—the same fig
ure Marion received for managing
the erstwhile St. Louis Browns.
BALTIMORE. Md., Nov. 11 (UP)
—Jimmy Dykes, popular, cigar
smoking veteran of 36 years in
baseball, was named today to re
place Marty Marion as manager of
the Baltimore Orioles for one year.
Orioles General Manager Arthur
Ehlers, who said he was "overjoyed
at the opportunity to renew his
business relations with Dykes," re
fused to reveal the terms of the
contract but it was estimated that
it called for $35,000—the same fig
ure Marion received for managing
the erstwhile St. Louis Browns.
BALTIMORE. Md., Nov. 11 (UP)
—Jimmy Dykes, popular, cigar
smoking veteran of 36 years in
baseball, was named today to re
place Marty Marion as manager of
the Baltimore Orioles for one year.
Orioles General Manager Arthur
Ehlers, who said he was "overjoyed
at the opportunity to renew his
business relations with Dykes," re
fused to reveal the terms of the
contract but it was estimated that
it called for $35,000—the same fig
ure Marion received for managing
the erstwhile St. Louis Browns.
BALTIMORE. Md., Nov. 11 (UP)
—Jimmy Dykes, popular, cigar
smoking veteran of 36 years in
baseball, was named today to re
place Marty Marion as manager of
the Baltimore Orioles for one year.
Orioles General Manager Arthur
Ehlers, who said he was "overjoyed
at the opportunity to renew his
business relations with Dykes," re
fused to reveal the terms of the
contract but it was estimated that
it called for $35,000—the same fig
ure Marion received for managing
the erstwhile St. Louis Browns.
