# SOCIAL CHAIRMEN PARTY
## 
### 
There will be a party for all so
cial chairmen from 3:30 to 6 tomor
row. The Dutch treat party will be
held at Mama Garcia's and is spon
sored by the Social Co-ordinating
Board. •
There will be a party for all so
cial chairmen from 3:30 to 6 tomor
row. The Dutch treat party will be
held at Mama Garcia's and is spon
sored by the Social Co-ordinating
Board. •
There will be a party for all so
cial chairmen from 3:30 to 6 tomor
row. The Dutch treat party will be
held at Mama Garcia's and is spon
sored by the Social Co-ordinating
Board. •
There will be a party for all so
cial chairmen from 3:30 to 6 tomor
row. The Dutch treat party will be
held at Mama Garcia's and is spon
sored by the Social Co-ordinating
Board. •
There will be a party for all so
cial chairmen from 3:30 to 6 tomor
row. The Dutch treat party will be
held at Mama Garcia's and is spon
sored by the Social Co-ordinating
Board. •
There will be a party for all so
cial chairmen from 3:30 to 6 tomor
row. The Dutch treat party will be
held at Mama Garcia's and is spon
sored by the Social Co-ordinating
Board. •
There will be a party for all so
cial chairmen from 3:30 to 6 tomor
row. The Dutch treat party will be
held at Mama Garcia's and is spon
sored by the Social Co-ordinating
Board. •
There will be a party for all so
cial chairmen from 3:30 to 6 tomor
row. The Dutch treat party will be
held at Mama Garcia's and is spon
sored by the Social Co-ordinating
Board. •
There will be a party for all so
cial chairmen from 3:30 to 6 tomor
row. The Dutch treat party will be
held at Mama Garcia's and is spon
sored by the Social Co-ordinating
Board. •
There will be a party for all so
cial chairmen from 3:30 to 6 tomor
row. The Dutch treat party will be
held at Mama Garcia's and is spon
sored by the Social Co-ordinating
Board. •
There will be a party for all so
cial chairmen from 3:30 to 6 tomor
row. The Dutch treat party will be
held at Mama Garcia's and is spon
sored by the Social Co-ordinating
Board. •
There will be a party for all so
cial chairmen from 3:30 to 6 tomor
row. The Dutch treat party will be
held at Mama Garcia's and is spon
sored by the Social Co-ordinating
Board. •
There will be a party for all so
cial chairmen from 3:30 to 6 tomor
row. The Dutch treat party will be
held at Mama Garcia's and is spon
sored by the Social Co-ordinating
Board. •
There will be a party for all so
cial chairmen from 3:30 to 6 tomor
row. The Dutch treat party will be
held at Mama Garcia's and is spon
sored by the Social Co-ordinating
Board. •
There will be a party for all so
cial chairmen from 3:30 to 6 tomor
row. The Dutch treat party will be
held at Mama Garcia's and is spon
sored by the Social Co-ordinating
Board. •
There will be a party for all so
cial chairmen from 3:30 to 6 tomor
row. The Dutch treat party will be
held at Mama Garcia's and is spon
sored by the Social Co-ordinating
Board. •
