# Bolin Describes Marine Animals
## 
### 
Animals that live in the tidepools
of Monterey Bay were described
last night at the Tuesday Evening
Series by Fiolf L. Bolin, assistant
director of the Hopkins Marine
Station.
Dr. Bolin illustrated his lecture
with colored movies, which showed
the beautiful coloring of many of
the animals. The most brilliantly
marked creatures wore the sea
slugs, cousins of the uyly garden
slugs. The slugs, often called nudi
branchs because of the exposed
gill.s on their backs, arc found in
many varieties, each with a differ
ent color combination.
Barnacles, described by Dr. Bolin
as "shrimps that sit on their heads
ar.d kick food into their mouths
with their legs," cause over $100,-
000.000 damage to ships a year, Dr.
Bolin said.
'"A beautiful piece of slime oozing
across a rock" was the way Dr. Bo
lin characterized a flatworm. The
crabs, he said, are the scavengers of
the ocean, eating everything from
fish heads to apple cores on the
beach.
Explaining the difficulties under
which the tidepool animals must
live, Dr. Bolin said they must pro
tect themselves from a wave force
of over 11 tons per square yard.
Some animals do this by having
tremendous power to stick to the
spot, Dr. Bolin said. The animals
must also adapt themselves to stay
ing wet when the tide goes out.
