# Emporium Interviews Offered to Students
## 
### 
Two representatives will be at
Stanford tomorrow to interview men
and women for employment at the
Emporium department store in San
Francisco, according to Robert N.
Bush, director of the Appointment
Service.
Students interested should make
appointments immediately with the
Appointment Service in the Admin
istration Building.
Positions open include merchan
dising and sales work for two to
four months. They also ofl'cr an in
tensive five - week training squad
program with opportunities for
eventual positions as junior execu
tives and assistant buyers.
Interviewers for the Emporium
will be Miss June Snyder, person
nel manager, and Howard Carver,
assistant superintendent, a Stanford
graduate. s 112
Two representatives will be at
Stanford tomorrow to interview men
and women for employment at the
Emporium department store in San
Francisco, according to Robert N.
Bush, director of the Appointment
Service.
Students interested should make
appointments immediately with the
Appointment Service in the Admin
istration Building.
Positions open include merchan
dising and sales work for two to
four months. They also ofl'cr an in
tensive five - week training squad
program with opportunities for
eventual positions as junior execu
tives and assistant buyers.
Interviewers for the Emporium
will be Miss June Snyder, person
nel manager, and Howard Carver,
assistant superintendent, a Stanford
graduate. s 112
Two representatives will be at
Stanford tomorrow to interview men
and women for employment at the
Emporium department store in San
Francisco, according to Robert N.
Bush, director of the Appointment
Service.
Students interested should make
appointments immediately with the
Appointment Service in the Admin
istration Building.
Positions open include merchan
dising and sales work for two to
four months. They also ofl'cr an in
tensive five - week training squad
program with opportunities for
eventual positions as junior execu
tives and assistant buyers.
Interviewers for the Emporium
will be Miss June Snyder, person
nel manager, and Howard Carver,
assistant superintendent, a Stanford
graduate. s 112
Two representatives will be at
Stanford tomorrow to interview men
and women for employment at the
Emporium department store in San
Francisco, according to Robert N.
Bush, director of the Appointment
Service.
Students interested should make
appointments immediately with the
Appointment Service in the Admin
istration Building.
Positions open include merchan
dising and sales work for two to
four months. They also ofl'cr an in
tensive five - week training squad
program with opportunities for
eventual positions as junior execu
tives and assistant buyers.
Interviewers for the Emporium
will be Miss June Snyder, person
nel manager, and Howard Carver,
assistant superintendent, a Stanford
graduate. s 112
Two representatives will be at
Stanford tomorrow to interview men
and women for employment at the
Emporium department store in San
Francisco, according to Robert N.
Bush, director of the Appointment
Service.
Students interested should make
appointments immediately with the
Appointment Service in the Admin
istration Building.
Positions open include merchan
dising and sales work for two to
four months. They also ofl'cr an in
tensive five - week training squad
program with opportunities for
eventual positions as junior execu
tives and assistant buyers.
Interviewers for the Emporium
will be Miss June Snyder, person
nel manager, and Howard Carver,
assistant superintendent, a Stanford
graduate. s 112
Two representatives will be at
Stanford tomorrow to interview men
and women for employment at the
Emporium department store in San
Francisco, according to Robert N.
Bush, director of the Appointment
Service.
Students interested should make
appointments immediately with the
Appointment Service in the Admin
istration Building.
Positions open include merchan
dising and sales work for two to
four months. They also ofl'cr an in
tensive five - week training squad
program with opportunities for
eventual positions as junior execu
tives and assistant buyers.
Interviewers for the Emporium
will be Miss June Snyder, person
nel manager, and Howard Carver,
assistant superintendent, a Stanford
graduate. s 112
Two representatives will be at
Stanford tomorrow to interview men
and women for employment at the
Emporium department store in San
Francisco, according to Robert N.
Bush, director of the Appointment
Service.
Students interested should make
appointments immediately with the
Appointment Service in the Admin
istration Building.
Positions open include merchan
dising and sales work for two to
four months. They also ofl'cr an in
tensive five - week training squad
program with opportunities for
eventual positions as junior execu
tives and assistant buyers.
Interviewers for the Emporium
will be Miss June Snyder, person
nel manager, and Howard Carver,
assistant superintendent, a Stanford
graduate. s 112
Two representatives will be at
Stanford tomorrow to interview men
and women for employment at the
Emporium department store in San
Francisco, according to Robert N.
Bush, director of the Appointment
Service.
Students interested should make
appointments immediately with the
Appointment Service in the Admin
istration Building.
Positions open include merchan
dising and sales work for two to
four months. They also ofl'cr an in
tensive five - week training squad
program with opportunities for
eventual positions as junior execu
tives and assistant buyers.
Interviewers for the Emporium
will be Miss June Snyder, person
nel manager, and Howard Carver,
assistant superintendent, a Stanford
graduate. s 112
Two representatives will be at
Stanford tomorrow to interview men
and women for employment at the
Emporium department store in San
Francisco, according to Robert N.
Bush, director of the Appointment
Service.
Students interested should make
appointments immediately with the
Appointment Service in the Admin
istration Building.
Positions open include merchan
dising and sales work for two to
four months. They also ofl'cr an in
tensive five - week training squad
program with opportunities for
eventual positions as junior execu
tives and assistant buyers.
Interviewers for the Emporium
will be Miss June Snyder, person
nel manager, and Howard Carver,
assistant superintendent, a Stanford
graduate. s 112
Two representatives will be at
Stanford tomorrow to interview men
and women for employment at the
Emporium department store in San
Francisco, according to Robert N.
Bush, director of the Appointment
Service.
Students interested should make
appointments immediately with the
Appointment Service in the Admin
istration Building.
Positions open include merchan
dising and sales work for two to
four months. They also ofl'cr an in
tensive five - week training squad
program with opportunities for
eventual positions as junior execu
tives and assistant buyers.
Interviewers for the Emporium
will be Miss June Snyder, person
nel manager, and Howard Carver,
assistant superintendent, a Stanford
graduate. s 112
Two representatives will be at
Stanford tomorrow to interview men
and women for employment at the
Emporium department store in San
Francisco, according to Robert N.
Bush, director of the Appointment
Service.
Students interested should make
appointments immediately with the
Appointment Service in the Admin
istration Building.
Positions open include merchan
dising and sales work for two to
four months. They also ofl'cr an in
tensive five - week training squad
program with opportunities for
eventual positions as junior execu
tives and assistant buyers.
Interviewers for the Emporium
will be Miss June Snyder, person
nel manager, and Howard Carver,
assistant superintendent, a Stanford
graduate. s 112
Two representatives will be at
Stanford tomorrow to interview men
and women for employment at the
Emporium department store in San
Francisco, according to Robert N.
Bush, director of the Appointment
Service.
Students interested should make
appointments immediately with the
Appointment Service in the Admin
istration Building.
Positions open include merchan
dising and sales work for two to
four months. They also ofl'cr an in
tensive five - week training squad
program with opportunities for
eventual positions as junior execu
tives and assistant buyers.
Interviewers for the Emporium
will be Miss June Snyder, person
nel manager, and Howard Carver,
assistant superintendent, a Stanford
graduate. s 112
Two representatives will be at
Stanford tomorrow to interview men
and women for employment at the
Emporium department store in San
Francisco, according to Robert N.
Bush, director of the Appointment
Service.
Students interested should make
appointments immediately with the
Appointment Service in the Admin
istration Building.
Positions open include merchan
dising and sales work for two to
four months. They also ofl'cr an in
tensive five - week training squad
program with opportunities for
eventual positions as junior execu
tives and assistant buyers.
Interviewers for the Emporium
will be Miss June Snyder, person
nel manager, and Howard Carver,
assistant superintendent, a Stanford
graduate. s 112
Two representatives will be at
Stanford tomorrow to interview men
and women for employment at the
Emporium department store in San
Francisco, according to Robert N.
Bush, director of the Appointment
Service.
Students interested should make
appointments immediately with the
Appointment Service in the Admin
istration Building.
Positions open include merchan
dising and sales work for two to
four months. They also ofl'cr an in
tensive five - week training squad
program with opportunities for
eventual positions as junior execu
tives and assistant buyers.
Interviewers for the Emporium
will be Miss June Snyder, person
nel manager, and Howard Carver,
assistant superintendent, a Stanford
graduate. s 112
Two representatives will be at
Stanford tomorrow to interview men
and women for employment at the
Emporium department store in San
Francisco, according to Robert N.
Bush, director of the Appointment
Service.
Students interested should make
appointments immediately with the
Appointment Service in the Admin
istration Building.
Positions open include merchan
dising and sales work for two to
four months. They also ofl'cr an in
tensive five - week training squad
program with opportunities for
eventual positions as junior execu
tives and assistant buyers.
Interviewers for the Emporium
will be Miss June Snyder, person
nel manager, and Howard Carver,
assistant superintendent, a Stanford
graduate. s 112
