# Village 'Well Baby' Service Expanded
## 
### 
Service of the "well baby clinic"
at the Village has been expanded,
according to the Village Counselor.
Formerly, this service was offered
on alternate Wednesdays, but now
is available the first three Wednes
days of each month.
The expanded service will give
increased care to children of ages
two to six.
This service is pi von by the San
Mateo County Health Service in co
operation witli Village oflicials.
Red Cross classes for expectant
inotlvrs are being held each Fri
day.
Service of the "well baby clinic"
at the Village has been expanded,
according to the Village Counselor.
Formerly, this service was offered
on alternate Wednesdays, but now
is available the first three Wednes
days of each month.
The expanded service will give
increased care to children of ages
two to six.
This service is pi von by the San
Mateo County Health Service in co
operation witli Village oflicials.
Red Cross classes for expectant
inotlvrs are being held each Fri
day.
Service of the "well baby clinic"
at the Village has been expanded,
according to the Village Counselor.
Formerly, this service was offered
on alternate Wednesdays, but now
is available the first three Wednes
days of each month.
The expanded service will give
increased care to children of ages
two to six.
This service is pi von by the San
Mateo County Health Service in co
operation witli Village oflicials.
Red Cross classes for expectant
inotlvrs are being held each Fri
day.
Service of the "well baby clinic"
at the Village has been expanded,
according to the Village Counselor.
Formerly, this service was offered
on alternate Wednesdays, but now
is available the first three Wednes
days of each month.
The expanded service will give
increased care to children of ages
two to six.
This service is pi von by the San
Mateo County Health Service in co
operation witli Village oflicials.
Red Cross classes for expectant
inotlvrs are being held each Fri
day.
Service of the "well baby clinic"
at the Village has been expanded,
according to the Village Counselor.
Formerly, this service was offered
on alternate Wednesdays, but now
is available the first three Wednes
days of each month.
The expanded service will give
increased care to children of ages
two to six.
This service is pi von by the San
Mateo County Health Service in co
operation witli Village oflicials.
Red Cross classes for expectant
inotlvrs are being held each Fri
day.
Service of the "well baby clinic"
at the Village has been expanded,
according to the Village Counselor.
Formerly, this service was offered
on alternate Wednesdays, but now
is available the first three Wednes
days of each month.
The expanded service will give
increased care to children of ages
two to six.
This service is pi von by the San
Mateo County Health Service in co
operation witli Village oflicials.
Red Cross classes for expectant
inotlvrs are being held each Fri
day.
Service of the "well baby clinic"
at the Village has been expanded,
according to the Village Counselor.
Formerly, this service was offered
on alternate Wednesdays, but now
is available the first three Wednes
days of each month.
The expanded service will give
increased care to children of ages
two to six.
This service is pi von by the San
Mateo County Health Service in co
operation witli Village oflicials.
Red Cross classes for expectant
inotlvrs are being held each Fri
day.
Service of the "well baby clinic"
at the Village has been expanded,
according to the Village Counselor.
Formerly, this service was offered
on alternate Wednesdays, but now
is available the first three Wednes
days of each month.
The expanded service will give
increased care to children of ages
two to six.
This service is pi von by the San
Mateo County Health Service in co
operation witli Village oflicials.
Red Cross classes for expectant
inotlvrs are being held each Fri
day.
Service of the "well baby clinic"
at the Village has been expanded,
according to the Village Counselor.
Formerly, this service was offered
on alternate Wednesdays, but now
is available the first three Wednes
days of each month.
The expanded service will give
increased care to children of ages
two to six.
This service is pi von by the San
Mateo County Health Service in co
operation witli Village oflicials.
Red Cross classes for expectant
inotlvrs are being held each Fri
day.
Service of the "well baby clinic"
at the Village has been expanded,
according to the Village Counselor.
Formerly, this service was offered
on alternate Wednesdays, but now
is available the first three Wednes
days of each month.
The expanded service will give
increased care to children of ages
two to six.
This service is pi von by the San
Mateo County Health Service in co
operation witli Village oflicials.
Red Cross classes for expectant
inotlvrs are being held each Fri
day.
Service of the "well baby clinic"
at the Village has been expanded,
according to the Village Counselor.
Formerly, this service was offered
on alternate Wednesdays, but now
is available the first three Wednes
days of each month.
The expanded service will give
increased care to children of ages
two to six.
This service is pi von by the San
Mateo County Health Service in co
operation witli Village oflicials.
Red Cross classes for expectant
inotlvrs are being held each Fri
day.
Service of the "well baby clinic"
at the Village has been expanded,
according to the Village Counselor.
Formerly, this service was offered
on alternate Wednesdays, but now
is available the first three Wednes
days of each month.
The expanded service will give
increased care to children of ages
two to six.
This service is pi von by the San
Mateo County Health Service in co
operation witli Village oflicials.
Red Cross classes for expectant
inotlvrs are being held each Fri
day.
Service of the "well baby clinic"
at the Village has been expanded,
according to the Village Counselor.
Formerly, this service was offered
on alternate Wednesdays, but now
is available the first three Wednes
days of each month.
The expanded service will give
increased care to children of ages
two to six.
This service is pi von by the San
Mateo County Health Service in co
operation witli Village oflicials.
Red Cross classes for expectant
inotlvrs are being held each Fri
day.
Service of the "well baby clinic"
at the Village has been expanded,
according to the Village Counselor.
Formerly, this service was offered
on alternate Wednesdays, but now
is available the first three Wednes
days of each month.
The expanded service will give
increased care to children of ages
two to six.
This service is pi von by the San
Mateo County Health Service in co
operation witli Village oflicials.
Red Cross classes for expectant
inotlvrs are being held each Fri
day.
Service of the "well baby clinic"
at the Village has been expanded,
according to the Village Counselor.
Formerly, this service was offered
on alternate Wednesdays, but now
is available the first three Wednes
days of each month.
The expanded service will give
increased care to children of ages
two to six.
This service is pi von by the San
Mateo County Health Service in co
operation witli Village oflicials.
Red Cross classes for expectant
inotlvrs are being held each Fri
day.
