# Vets Should Apply For Vacation Pay
## 
### 
Veterans intending to apply for
readjustment allowances for unem
ployment under the G.I. Bill during
the coming vacation should first
make sure their federal school sub
sistence payments have been dis
continued, advised James G. Bryant,
chairman of the California Employ
ment Stabilization Commission.
"Further," he said, "the veteran
who is planning merely to rest and
play between school terms is not
eligible for readjustment allow
ances. He must be available for em
ployment and willing to accept a
suitable job during each period for
which he claims unemployment
pay-"
Veterans intending to apply for
readjustment allowances for unem
ployment under the G.I. Bill during
the coming vacation should first
make sure their federal school sub
sistence payments have been dis
continued, advised James G. Bryant,
chairman of the California Employ
ment Stabilization Commission.
"Further," he said, "the veteran
who is planning merely to rest and
play between school terms is not
eligible for readjustment allow
ances. He must be available for em
ployment and willing to accept a
suitable job during each period for
which he claims unemployment
pay-"
Veterans intending to apply for
readjustment allowances for unem
ployment under the G.I. Bill during
the coming vacation should first
make sure their federal school sub
sistence payments have been dis
continued, advised James G. Bryant,
chairman of the California Employ
ment Stabilization Commission.
"Further," he said, "the veteran
who is planning merely to rest and
play between school terms is not
eligible for readjustment allow
ances. He must be available for em
ployment and willing to accept a
suitable job during each period for
which he claims unemployment
pay-"
Veterans intending to apply for
readjustment allowances for unem
ployment under the G.I. Bill during
the coming vacation should first
make sure their federal school sub
sistence payments have been dis
continued, advised James G. Bryant,
chairman of the California Employ
ment Stabilization Commission.
"Further," he said, "the veteran
who is planning merely to rest and
play between school terms is not
eligible for readjustment allow
ances. He must be available for em
ployment and willing to accept a
suitable job during each period for
which he claims unemployment
pay-"
Veterans intending to apply for
readjustment allowances for unem
ployment under the G.I. Bill during
the coming vacation should first
make sure their federal school sub
sistence payments have been dis
continued, advised James G. Bryant,
chairman of the California Employ
ment Stabilization Commission.
"Further," he said, "the veteran
who is planning merely to rest and
play between school terms is not
eligible for readjustment allow
ances. He must be available for em
ployment and willing to accept a
suitable job during each period for
which he claims unemployment
pay-"
Veterans intending to apply for
readjustment allowances for unem
ployment under the G.I. Bill during
the coming vacation should first
make sure their federal school sub
sistence payments have been dis
continued, advised James G. Bryant,
chairman of the California Employ
ment Stabilization Commission.
"Further," he said, "the veteran
who is planning merely to rest and
play between school terms is not
eligible for readjustment allow
ances. He must be available for em
ployment and willing to accept a
suitable job during each period for
which he claims unemployment
pay-"
Veterans intending to apply for
readjustment allowances for unem
ployment under the G.I. Bill during
the coming vacation should first
make sure their federal school sub
sistence payments have been dis
continued, advised James G. Bryant,
chairman of the California Employ
ment Stabilization Commission.
"Further," he said, "the veteran
who is planning merely to rest and
play between school terms is not
eligible for readjustment allow
ances. He must be available for em
ployment and willing to accept a
suitable job during each period for
which he claims unemployment
pay-"
Veterans intending to apply for
readjustment allowances for unem
ployment under the G.I. Bill during
the coming vacation should first
make sure their federal school sub
sistence payments have been dis
continued, advised James G. Bryant,
chairman of the California Employ
ment Stabilization Commission.
"Further," he said, "the veteran
who is planning merely to rest and
play between school terms is not
eligible for readjustment allow
ances. He must be available for em
ployment and willing to accept a
suitable job during each period for
which he claims unemployment
pay-"
Veterans intending to apply for
readjustment allowances for unem
ployment under the G.I. Bill during
the coming vacation should first
make sure their federal school sub
sistence payments have been dis
continued, advised James G. Bryant,
chairman of the California Employ
ment Stabilization Commission.
"Further," he said, "the veteran
who is planning merely to rest and
play between school terms is not
eligible for readjustment allow
ances. He must be available for em
ployment and willing to accept a
suitable job during each period for
which he claims unemployment
pay-"
Veterans intending to apply for
readjustment allowances for unem
ployment under the G.I. Bill during
the coming vacation should first
make sure their federal school sub
sistence payments have been dis
continued, advised James G. Bryant,
chairman of the California Employ
ment Stabilization Commission.
"Further," he said, "the veteran
who is planning merely to rest and
play between school terms is not
eligible for readjustment allow
ances. He must be available for em
ployment and willing to accept a
suitable job during each period for
which he claims unemployment
pay-"
Veterans intending to apply for
readjustment allowances for unem
ployment under the G.I. Bill during
the coming vacation should first
make sure their federal school sub
sistence payments have been dis
continued, advised James G. Bryant,
chairman of the California Employ
ment Stabilization Commission.
"Further," he said, "the veteran
who is planning merely to rest and
play between school terms is not
eligible for readjustment allow
ances. He must be available for em
ployment and willing to accept a
suitable job during each period for
which he claims unemployment
pay-"
Veterans intending to apply for
readjustment allowances for unem
ployment under the G.I. Bill during
the coming vacation should first
make sure their federal school sub
sistence payments have been dis
continued, advised James G. Bryant,
chairman of the California Employ
ment Stabilization Commission.
"Further," he said, "the veteran
who is planning merely to rest and
play between school terms is not
eligible for readjustment allow
ances. He must be available for em
ployment and willing to accept a
suitable job during each period for
which he claims unemployment
pay-"
Veterans intending to apply for
readjustment allowances for unem
ployment under the G.I. Bill during
the coming vacation should first
make sure their federal school sub
sistence payments have been dis
continued, advised James G. Bryant,
chairman of the California Employ
ment Stabilization Commission.
"Further," he said, "the veteran
who is planning merely to rest and
play between school terms is not
eligible for readjustment allow
ances. He must be available for em
ployment and willing to accept a
suitable job during each period for
which he claims unemployment
pay-"
Veterans intending to apply for
readjustment allowances for unem
ployment under the G.I. Bill during
the coming vacation should first
make sure their federal school sub
sistence payments have been dis
continued, advised James G. Bryant,
chairman of the California Employ
ment Stabilization Commission.
"Further," he said, "the veteran
who is planning merely to rest and
play between school terms is not
eligible for readjustment allow
ances. He must be available for em
ployment and willing to accept a
suitable job during each period for
which he claims unemployment
pay-"
Veterans intending to apply for
readjustment allowances for unem
ployment under the G.I. Bill during
the coming vacation should first
make sure their federal school sub
sistence payments have been dis
continued, advised James G. Bryant,
chairman of the California Employ
ment Stabilization Commission.
"Further," he said, "the veteran
who is planning merely to rest and
play between school terms is not
eligible for readjustment allow
ances. He must be available for em
ployment and willing to accept a
suitable job during each period for
which he claims unemployment
pay-"
