# IIR Approves Congress Plan
## 
### 
The Executive Council of the In
stitute of International Relations
yesterday approved the idea of
holding a Pacific Southwest Congress
on International Relations at Stan
ford, Chuck Martin, president, has
announced. The Congress would be
similar to the Reed Conference on
International Relations held in Port
land.
The Conference Committee said a
complete report would be made soon
in regard to the conference on In
ternational Relations held over the
weekend at Stanford. Plans are be
ing formulated for another confer
ence next year.
The Stanford International Relief
Organization is making tentative
plans for a clothing drive to be held
at the end of the year.
The next meeting of the Executive
Council will be tomorrow at 5 p.m.
in the Excom room of the Nitery.
Meetings of the Executive Council
are open to interested students.
