# Packer to Speak On Opportunities
## 
### 
W. H. Carr, comptroller of the
California Packing Corporation, will
be the speaker on the Men's Voca
tional Guidance Program tomorrow
at 7:30 p.m. in the Encina lounge,
Robert N. Bush, director of the Ap
pointment Service, said yesterday.
Carr will discuss opportunities in
the business field, particularly as
related to production.
Having received his A.B. at Stan
ford in 1928, Carr was graduated
from the School of Business at
Stanford in 1930.
In 1945 and 1940 lie was president
of the Business School Alumni and
has also served as consulting pro
fessor of accounting at Stanford. At
present he is a member of the Stan
ford Associates and a board member
of the Alaska Packers' Association.
