# Dr. Jordan Will Speak To Cosmopolitan Club
## 
### 
The principal feature of the "Inter
national Night" which will be given this
evening in the Little Theater by Cosmo
politan Club will be a talk by l)r. David
Star>- Jordan upon the League of Na
tions. This talk will be given informal
ly at the beginning of the program, and
is peculiarly appropriate because of the
present interest in a world federation,
and also because of the fact that ten
different nations will be represented
upon the program. Nearly all the num
bers will be given in the costumes of the
countries they represent, and the songs
will be native airs. "International
Night" is an annual affair, but the pro
gram tonight is the most pretentious
ever attempted. The general public is
cordially invited to attend the meeting,
which begins promptly at 8.
