# Married Students Hold Meeting Today
## 
### 
The problem of housing for mar
ried students will he discussed in
a meeting at Cleveland Hall today
at 1 p.m., with a view to investi
gating all possible types of hous
ing. according to Arthur Thomp
son.
The meeting has been planned
by a group of eleven men who in
vite all married students, not nec
essarily veterans, to attend.
Cleveland is at 57<i Alvarado
street.
The problem of housing for mar
ried students will he discussed in
a meeting at Cleveland Hall today
at 1 p.m., with a view to investi
gating all possible types of hous
ing. according to Arthur Thomp
son.
The meeting has been planned
by a group of eleven men who in
vite all married students, not nec
essarily veterans, to attend.
Cleveland is at 57<i Alvarado
street.
The problem of housing for mar
ried students will he discussed in
a meeting at Cleveland Hall today
at 1 p.m., with a view to investi
gating all possible types of hous
ing. according to Arthur Thomp
son.
The meeting has been planned
by a group of eleven men who in
vite all married students, not nec
essarily veterans, to attend.
Cleveland is at 57<i Alvarado
street.
The problem of housing for mar
ried students will he discussed in
a meeting at Cleveland Hall today
at 1 p.m., with a view to investi
gating all possible types of hous
ing. according to Arthur Thomp
son.
The meeting has been planned
by a group of eleven men who in
vite all married students, not nec
essarily veterans, to attend.
Cleveland is at 57<i Alvarado
street.
The problem of housing for mar
ried students will he discussed in
a meeting at Cleveland Hall today
at 1 p.m., with a view to investi
gating all possible types of hous
ing. according to Arthur Thomp
son.
The meeting has been planned
by a group of eleven men who in
vite all married students, not nec
essarily veterans, to attend.
Cleveland is at 57<i Alvarado
street.
The problem of housing for mar
ried students will he discussed in
a meeting at Cleveland Hall today
at 1 p.m., with a view to investi
gating all possible types of hous
ing. according to Arthur Thomp
son.
The meeting has been planned
by a group of eleven men who in
vite all married students, not nec
essarily veterans, to attend.
Cleveland is at 57<i Alvarado
street.
The problem of housing for mar
ried students will he discussed in
a meeting at Cleveland Hall today
at 1 p.m., with a view to investi
gating all possible types of hous
ing. according to Arthur Thomp
son.
The meeting has been planned
by a group of eleven men who in
vite all married students, not nec
essarily veterans, to attend.
Cleveland is at 57<i Alvarado
street.
The problem of housing for mar
ried students will he discussed in
a meeting at Cleveland Hall today
at 1 p.m., with a view to investi
gating all possible types of hous
ing. according to Arthur Thomp
son.
The meeting has been planned
by a group of eleven men who in
vite all married students, not nec
essarily veterans, to attend.
Cleveland is at 57<i Alvarado
street.
The problem of housing for mar
ried students will he discussed in
a meeting at Cleveland Hall today
at 1 p.m., with a view to investi
gating all possible types of hous
ing. according to Arthur Thomp
son.
The meeting has been planned
by a group of eleven men who in
vite all married students, not nec
essarily veterans, to attend.
Cleveland is at 57<i Alvarado
street.
The problem of housing for mar
ried students will he discussed in
a meeting at Cleveland Hall today
at 1 p.m., with a view to investi
gating all possible types of hous
ing. according to Arthur Thomp
son.
The meeting has been planned
by a group of eleven men who in
vite all married students, not nec
essarily veterans, to attend.
Cleveland is at 57<i Alvarado
street.
The problem of housing for mar
ried students will he discussed in
a meeting at Cleveland Hall today
at 1 p.m., with a view to investi
gating all possible types of hous
ing. according to Arthur Thomp
son.
The meeting has been planned
by a group of eleven men who in
vite all married students, not nec
essarily veterans, to attend.
Cleveland is at 57<i Alvarado
street.
The problem of housing for mar
ried students will he discussed in
a meeting at Cleveland Hall today
at 1 p.m., with a view to investi
gating all possible types of hous
ing. according to Arthur Thomp
son.
The meeting has been planned
by a group of eleven men who in
vite all married students, not nec
essarily veterans, to attend.
Cleveland is at 57<i Alvarado
street.
The problem of housing for mar
ried students will he discussed in
a meeting at Cleveland Hall today
at 1 p.m., with a view to investi
gating all possible types of hous
ing. according to Arthur Thomp
son.
The meeting has been planned
by a group of eleven men who in
vite all married students, not nec
essarily veterans, to attend.
Cleveland is at 57<i Alvarado
street.
The problem of housing for mar
ried students will he discussed in
a meeting at Cleveland Hall today
at 1 p.m., with a view to investi
gating all possible types of hous
ing. according to Arthur Thomp
son.
The meeting has been planned
by a group of eleven men who in
vite all married students, not nec
essarily veterans, to attend.
Cleveland is at 57<i Alvarado
street.
The problem of housing for mar
ried students will he discussed in
a meeting at Cleveland Hall today
at 1 p.m., with a view to investi
gating all possible types of hous
ing. according to Arthur Thomp
son.
The meeting has been planned
by a group of eleven men who in
vite all married students, not nec
essarily veterans, to attend.
Cleveland is at 57<i Alvarado
street.
