# 'Ontology' Topic Of Sunday Talk
## 
### 
George F. Walieski, professor of
ontology on leave from Brown Uni
versity, will speak on "Some Prob
lems of American Ontology" Mon
day evening at 7:30 in the Lower
Lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Professor Walieski is the author
of a number of books in his field in
cluding "The Essence of Essences,"

' Art and Ontology," and the recent
ly published "Reality and Women."
He is making a brief tour of West
ern universities under the auspices
of the American Society of Ontolo
gists preparatoiy to leaving for Eu
rope to complete the studies of Eu
ropean ontology he began prior to
the war.
The speaker will be introduced by
John R. Rutland, of the University
of California faculty, who is chair
man of the Western division of the
society. There will be a question
period following the talk.
