# CHAPPIE DAY MINUS 13
## 
### 
One of the most popular of all the
campus humour magazines, The
Chaparral, will go on sale the morn
ing of February 13, weather permit
ting.
One of the most popular of all the
campus humour magazines, The
Chaparral, will go on sale the morn
ing of February 13, weather permit
ting.
One of the most popular of all the
campus humour magazines, The
Chaparral, will go on sale the morn
ing of February 13, weather permit
ting.
One of the most popular of all the
campus humour magazines, The
Chaparral, will go on sale the morn
ing of February 13, weather permit
ting.
One of the most popular of all the
campus humour magazines, The
Chaparral, will go on sale the morn
ing of February 13, weather permit
ting.
One of the most popular of all the
campus humour magazines, The
Chaparral, will go on sale the morn
ing of February 13, weather permit
ting.
One of the most popular of all the
campus humour magazines, The
Chaparral, will go on sale the morn
ing of February 13, weather permit
ting.
One of the most popular of all the
campus humour magazines, The
Chaparral, will go on sale the morn
ing of February 13, weather permit
ting.
One of the most popular of all the
campus humour magazines, The
Chaparral, will go on sale the morn
ing of February 13, weather permit
ting.
One of the most popular of all the
campus humour magazines, The
Chaparral, will go on sale the morn
ing of February 13, weather permit
ting.
One of the most popular of all the
campus humour magazines, The
Chaparral, will go on sale the morn
ing of February 13, weather permit
ting.
One of the most popular of all the
campus humour magazines, The
Chaparral, will go on sale the morn
ing of February 13, weather permit
ting.
One of the most popular of all the
campus humour magazines, The
Chaparral, will go on sale the morn
ing of February 13, weather permit
ting.
One of the most popular of all the
campus humour magazines, The
Chaparral, will go on sale the morn
ing of February 13, weather permit
ting.
One of the most popular of all the
campus humour magazines, The
Chaparral, will go on sale the morn
ing of February 13, weather permit
ting.
