# Frosh Ritual May Be Today
## 
### Special Request 
Men of the freshmen class are
planning a revolt in the form of a
Hate Day which may even be today,
it was learned from authoritative
sources.
Worshipping the symbol of Hate,
Seev-Lieb, the freshmen will avenge
themselves on anything that meets
with their disapproval, especially
their domination by female tyrants.
One frosh said, "Because of femi
nine influence the men must always
shave, comb their hair, and wear
uncomfortable, foppish clothing."
"Now, however," he said, we will
worship such articles as bladeless
razors, toothless combs, and crease
less pants."
The men claim they have been
worked into their high frenzy by
Etah, High Priest, who spoke at his
suurise service this morning from
Frenchman's Tower.
It is possible that Hate Day will
continue for two days until the men
recover from their grievances, but
they hope that by Saturday their
Hate fever will be down to normal.
Men of the freshmen class are
planning a revolt in the form of a
Hate Day which may even be today,
it was learned from authoritative
sources.
Worshipping the symbol of Hate,
Seev-Lieb, the freshmen will avenge
themselves on anything that meets
with their disapproval, especially
their domination by female tyrants.
One frosh said, "Because of femi
nine influence the men must always
shave, comb their hair, and wear
uncomfortable, foppish clothing."
"Now, however," he said, we will
worship such articles as bladeless
razors, toothless combs, and crease
less pants."
The men claim they have been
worked into their high frenzy by
Etah, High Priest, who spoke at his
suurise service this morning from
Frenchman's Tower.
It is possible that Hate Day will
continue for two days until the men
recover from their grievances, but
they hope that by Saturday their
Hate fever will be down to normal.
Men of the freshmen class are
planning a revolt in the form of a
Hate Day which may even be today,
it was learned from authoritative
sources.
Worshipping the symbol of Hate,
Seev-Lieb, the freshmen will avenge
themselves on anything that meets
with their disapproval, especially
their domination by female tyrants.
One frosh said, "Because of femi
nine influence the men must always
shave, comb their hair, and wear
uncomfortable, foppish clothing."
"Now, however," he said, we will
worship such articles as bladeless
razors, toothless combs, and crease
less pants."
The men claim they have been
worked into their high frenzy by
Etah, High Priest, who spoke at his
suurise service this morning from
Frenchman's Tower.
It is possible that Hate Day will
continue for two days until the men
recover from their grievances, but
they hope that by Saturday their
Hate fever will be down to normal.
Men of the freshmen class are
planning a revolt in the form of a
Hate Day which may even be today,
it was learned from authoritative
sources.
Worshipping the symbol of Hate,
Seev-Lieb, the freshmen will avenge
themselves on anything that meets
with their disapproval, especially
their domination by female tyrants.
One frosh said, "Because of femi
nine influence the men must always
shave, comb their hair, and wear
uncomfortable, foppish clothing."
"Now, however," he said, we will
worship such articles as bladeless
razors, toothless combs, and crease
less pants."
The men claim they have been
worked into their high frenzy by
Etah, High Priest, who spoke at his
suurise service this morning from
Frenchman's Tower.
It is possible that Hate Day will
continue for two days until the men
recover from their grievances, but
they hope that by Saturday their
Hate fever will be down to normal.
Men of the freshmen class are
planning a revolt in the form of a
Hate Day which may even be today,
it was learned from authoritative
sources.
Worshipping the symbol of Hate,
Seev-Lieb, the freshmen will avenge
themselves on anything that meets
with their disapproval, especially
their domination by female tyrants.
One frosh said, "Because of femi
nine influence the men must always
shave, comb their hair, and wear
uncomfortable, foppish clothing."
"Now, however," he said, we will
worship such articles as bladeless
razors, toothless combs, and crease
less pants."
The men claim they have been
worked into their high frenzy by
Etah, High Priest, who spoke at his
suurise service this morning from
Frenchman's Tower.
It is possible that Hate Day will
continue for two days until the men
recover from their grievances, but
they hope that by Saturday their
Hate fever will be down to normal.
Men of the freshmen class are
planning a revolt in the form of a
Hate Day which may even be today,
it was learned from authoritative
sources.
Worshipping the symbol of Hate,
Seev-Lieb, the freshmen will avenge
themselves on anything that meets
with their disapproval, especially
their domination by female tyrants.
One frosh said, "Because of femi
nine influence the men must always
shave, comb their hair, and wear
uncomfortable, foppish clothing."
"Now, however," he said, we will
worship such articles as bladeless
razors, toothless combs, and crease
less pants."
The men claim they have been
worked into their high frenzy by
Etah, High Priest, who spoke at his
suurise service this morning from
Frenchman's Tower.
It is possible that Hate Day will
continue for two days until the men
recover from their grievances, but
they hope that by Saturday their
Hate fever will be down to normal.
Men of the freshmen class are
planning a revolt in the form of a
Hate Day which may even be today,
it was learned from authoritative
sources.
Worshipping the symbol of Hate,
Seev-Lieb, the freshmen will avenge
themselves on anything that meets
with their disapproval, especially
their domination by female tyrants.
One frosh said, "Because of femi
nine influence the men must always
shave, comb their hair, and wear
uncomfortable, foppish clothing."
"Now, however," he said, we will
worship such articles as bladeless
razors, toothless combs, and crease
less pants."
The men claim they have been
worked into their high frenzy by
Etah, High Priest, who spoke at his
suurise service this morning from
Frenchman's Tower.
It is possible that Hate Day will
continue for two days until the men
recover from their grievances, but
they hope that by Saturday their
Hate fever will be down to normal.
Men of the freshmen class are
planning a revolt in the form of a
Hate Day which may even be today,
it was learned from authoritative
sources.
Worshipping the symbol of Hate,
Seev-Lieb, the freshmen will avenge
themselves on anything that meets
with their disapproval, especially
their domination by female tyrants.
One frosh said, "Because of femi
nine influence the men must always
shave, comb their hair, and wear
uncomfortable, foppish clothing."
"Now, however," he said, we will
worship such articles as bladeless
razors, toothless combs, and crease
less pants."
The men claim they have been
worked into their high frenzy by
Etah, High Priest, who spoke at his
suurise service this morning from
Frenchman's Tower.
It is possible that Hate Day will
continue for two days until the men
recover from their grievances, but
they hope that by Saturday their
Hate fever will be down to normal.
Men of the freshmen class are
planning a revolt in the form of a
Hate Day which may even be today,
it was learned from authoritative
sources.
Worshipping the symbol of Hate,
Seev-Lieb, the freshmen will avenge
themselves on anything that meets
with their disapproval, especially
their domination by female tyrants.
One frosh said, "Because of femi
nine influence the men must always
shave, comb their hair, and wear
uncomfortable, foppish clothing."
"Now, however," he said, we will
worship such articles as bladeless
razors, toothless combs, and crease
less pants."
The men claim they have been
worked into their high frenzy by
Etah, High Priest, who spoke at his
suurise service this morning from
Frenchman's Tower.
It is possible that Hate Day will
continue for two days until the men
recover from their grievances, but
they hope that by Saturday their
Hate fever will be down to normal.
Men of the freshmen class are
planning a revolt in the form of a
Hate Day which may even be today,
it was learned from authoritative
sources.
Worshipping the symbol of Hate,
Seev-Lieb, the freshmen will avenge
themselves on anything that meets
with their disapproval, especially
their domination by female tyrants.
One frosh said, "Because of femi
nine influence the men must always
shave, comb their hair, and wear
uncomfortable, foppish clothing."
"Now, however," he said, we will
worship such articles as bladeless
razors, toothless combs, and crease
less pants."
The men claim they have been
worked into their high frenzy by
Etah, High Priest, who spoke at his
suurise service this morning from
Frenchman's Tower.
It is possible that Hate Day will
continue for two days until the men
recover from their grievances, but
they hope that by Saturday their
Hate fever will be down to normal.
Men of the freshmen class are
planning a revolt in the form of a
Hate Day which may even be today,
it was learned from authoritative
sources.
Worshipping the symbol of Hate,
Seev-Lieb, the freshmen will avenge
themselves on anything that meets
with their disapproval, especially
their domination by female tyrants.
One frosh said, "Because of femi
nine influence the men must always
shave, comb their hair, and wear
uncomfortable, foppish clothing."
"Now, however," he said, we will
worship such articles as bladeless
razors, toothless combs, and crease
less pants."
The men claim they have been
worked into their high frenzy by
Etah, High Priest, who spoke at his
suurise service this morning from
Frenchman's Tower.
It is possible that Hate Day will
continue for two days until the men
recover from their grievances, but
they hope that by Saturday their
Hate fever will be down to normal.
Men of the freshmen class are
planning a revolt in the form of a
Hate Day which may even be today,
it was learned from authoritative
sources.
Worshipping the symbol of Hate,
Seev-Lieb, the freshmen will avenge
themselves on anything that meets
with their disapproval, especially
their domination by female tyrants.
One frosh said, "Because of femi
nine influence the men must always
shave, comb their hair, and wear
uncomfortable, foppish clothing."
"Now, however," he said, we will
worship such articles as bladeless
razors, toothless combs, and crease
less pants."
The men claim they have been
worked into their high frenzy by
Etah, High Priest, who spoke at his
suurise service this morning from
Frenchman's Tower.
It is possible that Hate Day will
continue for two days until the men
recover from their grievances, but
they hope that by Saturday their
Hate fever will be down to normal.
Men of the freshmen class are
planning a revolt in the form of a
Hate Day which may even be today,
it was learned from authoritative
sources.
Worshipping the symbol of Hate,
Seev-Lieb, the freshmen will avenge
themselves on anything that meets
with their disapproval, especially
their domination by female tyrants.
One frosh said, "Because of femi
nine influence the men must always
shave, comb their hair, and wear
uncomfortable, foppish clothing."
"Now, however," he said, we will
worship such articles as bladeless
razors, toothless combs, and crease
less pants."
The men claim they have been
worked into their high frenzy by
Etah, High Priest, who spoke at his
suurise service this morning from
Frenchman's Tower.
It is possible that Hate Day will
continue for two days until the men
recover from their grievances, but
they hope that by Saturday their
Hate fever will be down to normal.
Men of the freshmen class are
planning a revolt in the form of a
Hate Day which may even be today,
it was learned from authoritative
sources.
Worshipping the symbol of Hate,
Seev-Lieb, the freshmen will avenge
themselves on anything that meets
with their disapproval, especially
their domination by female tyrants.
One frosh said, "Because of femi
nine influence the men must always
shave, comb their hair, and wear
uncomfortable, foppish clothing."
"Now, however," he said, we will
worship such articles as bladeless
razors, toothless combs, and crease
less pants."
The men claim they have been
worked into their high frenzy by
Etah, High Priest, who spoke at his
suurise service this morning from
Frenchman's Tower.
It is possible that Hate Day will
continue for two days until the men
recover from their grievances, but
they hope that by Saturday their
Hate fever will be down to normal.
Men of the freshmen class are
planning a revolt in the form of a
Hate Day which may even be today,
it was learned from authoritative
sources.
Worshipping the symbol of Hate,
Seev-Lieb, the freshmen will avenge
themselves on anything that meets
with their disapproval, especially
their domination by female tyrants.
One frosh said, "Because of femi
nine influence the men must always
shave, comb their hair, and wear
uncomfortable, foppish clothing."
"Now, however," he said, we will
worship such articles as bladeless
razors, toothless combs, and crease
less pants."
The men claim they have been
worked into their high frenzy by
Etah, High Priest, who spoke at his
suurise service this morning from
Frenchman's Tower.
It is possible that Hate Day will
continue for two days until the men
recover from their grievances, but
they hope that by Saturday their
Hate fever will be down to normal.
