# FRENCH FLIERS ARRIVE AT NANOI AFTER DELAY
## 
### 
PARIS, April 9.—(U.P.) —Newspaper
dispatches received here tonight an
nounced the safe arrival of the French j
flyers Costcs and Lebrix at Hanoi. They i
had been delayed by being forced down j
to refuel at Sick Tchang, the dispatches
said.
Costes and Lebrix, who visited the j
United States during the winter, nre fly
ing from Tokio to Paris to complete a
trip around the world, most of which lvs
been by air.
PARIS, April 9.—(U.P.) —Newspaper
dispatches received here tonight an
nounced the safe arrival of the French j
flyers Costcs and Lebrix at Hanoi. They i
had been delayed by being forced down j
to refuel at Sick Tchang, the dispatches
said.
Costes and Lebrix, who visited the j
United States during the winter, nre fly
ing from Tokio to Paris to complete a
trip around the world, most of which lvs
been by air.
PARIS, April 9.—(U.P.) —Newspaper
dispatches received here tonight an
nounced the safe arrival of the French j
flyers Costcs and Lebrix at Hanoi. They i
had been delayed by being forced down j
to refuel at Sick Tchang, the dispatches
said.
Costes and Lebrix, who visited the j
United States during the winter, nre fly
ing from Tokio to Paris to complete a
trip around the world, most of which lvs
been by air.
PARIS, April 9.—(U.P.) —Newspaper
dispatches received here tonight an
nounced the safe arrival of the French j
flyers Costcs and Lebrix at Hanoi. They i
had been delayed by being forced down j
to refuel at Sick Tchang, the dispatches
said.
Costes and Lebrix, who visited the j
United States during the winter, nre fly
ing from Tokio to Paris to complete a
trip around the world, most of which lvs
been by air.
PARIS, April 9.—(U.P.) —Newspaper
dispatches received here tonight an
nounced the safe arrival of the French j
flyers Costcs and Lebrix at Hanoi. They i
had been delayed by being forced down j
to refuel at Sick Tchang, the dispatches
said.
Costes and Lebrix, who visited the j
United States during the winter, nre fly
ing from Tokio to Paris to complete a
trip around the world, most of which lvs
been by air.
PARIS, April 9.—(U.P.) —Newspaper
dispatches received here tonight an
nounced the safe arrival of the French j
flyers Costcs and Lebrix at Hanoi. They i
had been delayed by being forced down j
to refuel at Sick Tchang, the dispatches
said.
Costes and Lebrix, who visited the j
United States during the winter, nre fly
ing from Tokio to Paris to complete a
trip around the world, most of which lvs
been by air.
PARIS, April 9.—(U.P.) —Newspaper
dispatches received here tonight an
nounced the safe arrival of the French j
flyers Costcs and Lebrix at Hanoi. They i
had been delayed by being forced down j
to refuel at Sick Tchang, the dispatches
said.
Costes and Lebrix, who visited the j
United States during the winter, nre fly
ing from Tokio to Paris to complete a
trip around the world, most of which lvs
been by air.
PARIS, April 9.—(U.P.) —Newspaper
dispatches received here tonight an
nounced the safe arrival of the French j
flyers Costcs and Lebrix at Hanoi. They i
had been delayed by being forced down j
to refuel at Sick Tchang, the dispatches
said.
Costes and Lebrix, who visited the j
United States during the winter, nre fly
ing from Tokio to Paris to complete a
trip around the world, most of which lvs
been by air.
PARIS, April 9.—(U.P.) —Newspaper
dispatches received here tonight an
nounced the safe arrival of the French j
flyers Costcs and Lebrix at Hanoi. They i
had been delayed by being forced down j
to refuel at Sick Tchang, the dispatches
said.
Costes and Lebrix, who visited the j
United States during the winter, nre fly
ing from Tokio to Paris to complete a
trip around the world, most of which lvs
been by air.
PARIS, April 9.—(U.P.) —Newspaper
dispatches received here tonight an
nounced the safe arrival of the French j
flyers Costcs and Lebrix at Hanoi. They i
had been delayed by being forced down j
to refuel at Sick Tchang, the dispatches
said.
Costes and Lebrix, who visited the j
United States during the winter, nre fly
ing from Tokio to Paris to complete a
trip around the world, most of which lvs
been by air.
PARIS, April 9.—(U.P.) —Newspaper
dispatches received here tonight an
nounced the safe arrival of the French j
flyers Costcs and Lebrix at Hanoi. They i
had been delayed by being forced down j
to refuel at Sick Tchang, the dispatches
said.
Costes and Lebrix, who visited the j
United States during the winter, nre fly
ing from Tokio to Paris to complete a
trip around the world, most of which lvs
been by air.
PARIS, April 9.—(U.P.) —Newspaper
dispatches received here tonight an
nounced the safe arrival of the French j
flyers Costcs and Lebrix at Hanoi. They i
had been delayed by being forced down j
to refuel at Sick Tchang, the dispatches
said.
Costes and Lebrix, who visited the j
United States during the winter, nre fly
ing from Tokio to Paris to complete a
trip around the world, most of which lvs
been by air.
PARIS, April 9.—(U.P.) —Newspaper
dispatches received here tonight an
nounced the safe arrival of the French j
flyers Costcs and Lebrix at Hanoi. They i
had been delayed by being forced down j
to refuel at Sick Tchang, the dispatches
said.
Costes and Lebrix, who visited the j
United States during the winter, nre fly
ing from Tokio to Paris to complete a
trip around the world, most of which lvs
been by air.
PARIS, April 9.—(U.P.) —Newspaper
dispatches received here tonight an
nounced the safe arrival of the French j
flyers Costcs and Lebrix at Hanoi. They i
had been delayed by being forced down j
to refuel at Sick Tchang, the dispatches
said.
Costes and Lebrix, who visited the j
United States during the winter, nre fly
ing from Tokio to Paris to complete a
trip around the world, most of which lvs
been by air.
PARIS, April 9.—(U.P.) —Newspaper
dispatches received here tonight an
nounced the safe arrival of the French j
flyers Costcs and Lebrix at Hanoi. They i
had been delayed by being forced down j
to refuel at Sick Tchang, the dispatches
said.
Costes and Lebrix, who visited the j
United States during the winter, nre fly
ing from Tokio to Paris to complete a
trip around the world, most of which lvs
been by air.
PARIS, April 9.—(U.P.) —Newspaper
dispatches received here tonight an
nounced the safe arrival of the French j
flyers Costcs and Lebrix at Hanoi. They i
had been delayed by being forced down j
to refuel at Sick Tchang, the dispatches
said.
Costes and Lebrix, who visited the j
United States during the winter, nre fly
ing from Tokio to Paris to complete a
trip around the world, most of which lvs
been by air.
