# SOCCER EQUIPMENT IS WANTED IN STOREROOM
## 
### 
All soccer equipment assigned to men .
who have not signed up for the sport this
quarter must be returned to the Board
of Athletic Control storeroom, or the
holders will be sent bills for the amount
the material is worth, announces William
Adler, manager.
In order that the men competing in the j
interclass play this quarter may have
uniforms and shoes which arc now lack
ing, Adler says that the equipment now
held by men out for other sports is re
quired before the storeroom orders new
material.
All soccer equipment assigned to men .
who have not signed up for the sport this
quarter must be returned to the Board
of Athletic Control storeroom, or the
holders will be sent bills for the amount
the material is worth, announces William
Adler, manager.
In order that the men competing in the j
interclass play this quarter may have
uniforms and shoes which arc now lack
ing, Adler says that the equipment now
held by men out for other sports is re
quired before the storeroom orders new
material.
All soccer equipment assigned to men .
who have not signed up for the sport this
quarter must be returned to the Board
of Athletic Control storeroom, or the
holders will be sent bills for the amount
the material is worth, announces William
Adler, manager.
In order that the men competing in the j
interclass play this quarter may have
uniforms and shoes which arc now lack
ing, Adler says that the equipment now
held by men out for other sports is re
quired before the storeroom orders new
material.
All soccer equipment assigned to men .
who have not signed up for the sport this
quarter must be returned to the Board
of Athletic Control storeroom, or the
holders will be sent bills for the amount
the material is worth, announces William
Adler, manager.
In order that the men competing in the j
interclass play this quarter may have
uniforms and shoes which arc now lack
ing, Adler says that the equipment now
held by men out for other sports is re
quired before the storeroom orders new
material.
All soccer equipment assigned to men .
who have not signed up for the sport this
quarter must be returned to the Board
of Athletic Control storeroom, or the
holders will be sent bills for the amount
the material is worth, announces William
Adler, manager.
In order that the men competing in the j
interclass play this quarter may have
uniforms and shoes which arc now lack
ing, Adler says that the equipment now
held by men out for other sports is re
quired before the storeroom orders new
material.
All soccer equipment assigned to men .
who have not signed up for the sport this
quarter must be returned to the Board
of Athletic Control storeroom, or the
holders will be sent bills for the amount
the material is worth, announces William
Adler, manager.
In order that the men competing in the j
interclass play this quarter may have
uniforms and shoes which arc now lack
ing, Adler says that the equipment now
held by men out for other sports is re
quired before the storeroom orders new
material.
All soccer equipment assigned to men .
who have not signed up for the sport this
quarter must be returned to the Board
of Athletic Control storeroom, or the
holders will be sent bills for the amount
the material is worth, announces William
Adler, manager.
In order that the men competing in the j
interclass play this quarter may have
uniforms and shoes which arc now lack
ing, Adler says that the equipment now
held by men out for other sports is re
quired before the storeroom orders new
material.
All soccer equipment assigned to men .
who have not signed up for the sport this
quarter must be returned to the Board
of Athletic Control storeroom, or the
holders will be sent bills for the amount
the material is worth, announces William
Adler, manager.
In order that the men competing in the j
interclass play this quarter may have
uniforms and shoes which arc now lack
ing, Adler says that the equipment now
held by men out for other sports is re
quired before the storeroom orders new
material.
All soccer equipment assigned to men .
who have not signed up for the sport this
quarter must be returned to the Board
of Athletic Control storeroom, or the
holders will be sent bills for the amount
the material is worth, announces William
Adler, manager.
In order that the men competing in the j
interclass play this quarter may have
uniforms and shoes which arc now lack
ing, Adler says that the equipment now
held by men out for other sports is re
quired before the storeroom orders new
material.
All soccer equipment assigned to men .
who have not signed up for the sport this
quarter must be returned to the Board
of Athletic Control storeroom, or the
holders will be sent bills for the amount
the material is worth, announces William
Adler, manager.
In order that the men competing in the j
interclass play this quarter may have
uniforms and shoes which arc now lack
ing, Adler says that the equipment now
held by men out for other sports is re
quired before the storeroom orders new
material.
All soccer equipment assigned to men .
who have not signed up for the sport this
quarter must be returned to the Board
of Athletic Control storeroom, or the
holders will be sent bills for the amount
the material is worth, announces William
Adler, manager.
In order that the men competing in the j
interclass play this quarter may have
uniforms and shoes which arc now lack
ing, Adler says that the equipment now
held by men out for other sports is re
quired before the storeroom orders new
material.
All soccer equipment assigned to men .
who have not signed up for the sport this
quarter must be returned to the Board
of Athletic Control storeroom, or the
holders will be sent bills for the amount
the material is worth, announces William
Adler, manager.
In order that the men competing in the j
interclass play this quarter may have
uniforms and shoes which arc now lack
ing, Adler says that the equipment now
held by men out for other sports is re
quired before the storeroom orders new
material.
All soccer equipment assigned to men .
who have not signed up for the sport this
quarter must be returned to the Board
of Athletic Control storeroom, or the
holders will be sent bills for the amount
the material is worth, announces William
Adler, manager.
In order that the men competing in the j
interclass play this quarter may have
uniforms and shoes which arc now lack
ing, Adler says that the equipment now
held by men out for other sports is re
quired before the storeroom orders new
material.
All soccer equipment assigned to men .
who have not signed up for the sport this
quarter must be returned to the Board
of Athletic Control storeroom, or the
holders will be sent bills for the amount
the material is worth, announces William
Adler, manager.
In order that the men competing in the j
interclass play this quarter may have
uniforms and shoes which arc now lack
ing, Adler says that the equipment now
held by men out for other sports is re
quired before the storeroom orders new
material.
All soccer equipment assigned to men .
who have not signed up for the sport this
quarter must be returned to the Board
of Athletic Control storeroom, or the
holders will be sent bills for the amount
the material is worth, announces William
Adler, manager.
In order that the men competing in the j
interclass play this quarter may have
uniforms and shoes which arc now lack
ing, Adler says that the equipment now
held by men out for other sports is re
quired before the storeroom orders new
material.
All soccer equipment assigned to men .
who have not signed up for the sport this
quarter must be returned to the Board
of Athletic Control storeroom, or the
holders will be sent bills for the amount
the material is worth, announces William
Adler, manager.
In order that the men competing in the j
interclass play this quarter may have
uniforms and shoes which arc now lack
ing, Adler says that the equipment now
held by men out for other sports is re
quired before the storeroom orders new
material.
