# PERFECT TEETH FEW
## 
### 
Out of 3000 students examined at the
University of California infirmary during
the past year, only ten have teeth that
might l>c classified as perfect, according
to a survey just completed by Dr. J. F.
Cathcart, dental surgeon and volunteer
research worker.
Out of 3000 students examined at the
University of California infirmary during
the past year, only ten have teeth that
might l>c classified as perfect, according
to a survey just completed by Dr. J. F.
Cathcart, dental surgeon and volunteer
research worker.
Out of 3000 students examined at the
University of California infirmary during
the past year, only ten have teeth that
might l>c classified as perfect, according
to a survey just completed by Dr. J. F.
Cathcart, dental surgeon and volunteer
research worker.
Out of 3000 students examined at the
University of California infirmary during
the past year, only ten have teeth that
might l>c classified as perfect, according
to a survey just completed by Dr. J. F.
Cathcart, dental surgeon and volunteer
research worker.
Out of 3000 students examined at the
University of California infirmary during
the past year, only ten have teeth that
might l>c classified as perfect, according
to a survey just completed by Dr. J. F.
Cathcart, dental surgeon and volunteer
research worker.
Out of 3000 students examined at the
University of California infirmary during
the past year, only ten have teeth that
might l>c classified as perfect, according
to a survey just completed by Dr. J. F.
Cathcart, dental surgeon and volunteer
research worker.
Out of 3000 students examined at the
University of California infirmary during
the past year, only ten have teeth that
might l>c classified as perfect, according
to a survey just completed by Dr. J. F.
Cathcart, dental surgeon and volunteer
research worker.
Out of 3000 students examined at the
University of California infirmary during
the past year, only ten have teeth that
might l>c classified as perfect, according
to a survey just completed by Dr. J. F.
Cathcart, dental surgeon and volunteer
research worker.
Out of 3000 students examined at the
University of California infirmary during
the past year, only ten have teeth that
might l>c classified as perfect, according
to a survey just completed by Dr. J. F.
Cathcart, dental surgeon and volunteer
research worker.
Out of 3000 students examined at the
University of California infirmary during
the past year, only ten have teeth that
might l>c classified as perfect, according
to a survey just completed by Dr. J. F.
Cathcart, dental surgeon and volunteer
research worker.
Out of 3000 students examined at the
University of California infirmary during
the past year, only ten have teeth that
might l>c classified as perfect, according
to a survey just completed by Dr. J. F.
Cathcart, dental surgeon and volunteer
research worker.
Out of 3000 students examined at the
University of California infirmary during
the past year, only ten have teeth that
might l>c classified as perfect, according
to a survey just completed by Dr. J. F.
Cathcart, dental surgeon and volunteer
research worker.
Out of 3000 students examined at the
University of California infirmary during
the past year, only ten have teeth that
might l>c classified as perfect, according
to a survey just completed by Dr. J. F.
Cathcart, dental surgeon and volunteer
research worker.
Out of 3000 students examined at the
University of California infirmary during
the past year, only ten have teeth that
might l>c classified as perfect, according
to a survey just completed by Dr. J. F.
Cathcart, dental surgeon and volunteer
research worker.
Out of 3000 students examined at the
University of California infirmary during
the past year, only ten have teeth that
might l>c classified as perfect, according
to a survey just completed by Dr. J. F.
Cathcart, dental surgeon and volunteer
research worker.
Out of 3000 students examined at the
University of California infirmary during
the past year, only ten have teeth that
might l>c classified as perfect, according
to a survey just completed by Dr. J. F.
Cathcart, dental surgeon and volunteer
research worker.
