# HIGHER-UPS IN ENCINA PROVE CAPABLE COOKS
## 
### 
Bacon, toast, coffee —their sweet
aroma fills the corridors of Encina's
fifth floor each morning. Amateur
cooking is a popular sport in the
•"barn." Spoons, cups, pots, and elec
tric grills take their places right be
side textbooks, slide rules, and type
writers.
Each night the empty bottles are
set outside; the milkman climbs five
flights of stairs; and each morning
pints of milk and bottles of cream are
taken in with the morning paper.
Bacon, toast, coffee —their sweet
aroma fills the corridors of Encina's
fifth floor each morning. Amateur
cooking is a popular sport in the
•"barn." Spoons, cups, pots, and elec
tric grills take their places right be
side textbooks, slide rules, and type
writers.
Each night the empty bottles are
set outside; the milkman climbs five
flights of stairs; and each morning
pints of milk and bottles of cream are
taken in with the morning paper.
Bacon, toast, coffee —their sweet
aroma fills the corridors of Encina's
fifth floor each morning. Amateur
cooking is a popular sport in the
•"barn." Spoons, cups, pots, and elec
tric grills take their places right be
side textbooks, slide rules, and type
writers.
Each night the empty bottles are
set outside; the milkman climbs five
flights of stairs; and each morning
pints of milk and bottles of cream are
taken in with the morning paper.
Bacon, toast, coffee —their sweet
aroma fills the corridors of Encina's
fifth floor each morning. Amateur
cooking is a popular sport in the
•"barn." Spoons, cups, pots, and elec
tric grills take their places right be
side textbooks, slide rules, and type
writers.
Each night the empty bottles are
set outside; the milkman climbs five
flights of stairs; and each morning
pints of milk and bottles of cream are
taken in with the morning paper.
Bacon, toast, coffee —their sweet
aroma fills the corridors of Encina's
fifth floor each morning. Amateur
cooking is a popular sport in the
•"barn." Spoons, cups, pots, and elec
tric grills take their places right be
side textbooks, slide rules, and type
writers.
Each night the empty bottles are
set outside; the milkman climbs five
flights of stairs; and each morning
pints of milk and bottles of cream are
taken in with the morning paper.
Bacon, toast, coffee —their sweet
aroma fills the corridors of Encina's
fifth floor each morning. Amateur
cooking is a popular sport in the
•"barn." Spoons, cups, pots, and elec
tric grills take their places right be
side textbooks, slide rules, and type
writers.
Each night the empty bottles are
set outside; the milkman climbs five
flights of stairs; and each morning
pints of milk and bottles of cream are
taken in with the morning paper.
Bacon, toast, coffee —their sweet
aroma fills the corridors of Encina's
fifth floor each morning. Amateur
cooking is a popular sport in the
•"barn." Spoons, cups, pots, and elec
tric grills take their places right be
side textbooks, slide rules, and type
writers.
Each night the empty bottles are
set outside; the milkman climbs five
flights of stairs; and each morning
pints of milk and bottles of cream are
taken in with the morning paper.
Bacon, toast, coffee —their sweet
aroma fills the corridors of Encina's
fifth floor each morning. Amateur
cooking is a popular sport in the
•"barn." Spoons, cups, pots, and elec
tric grills take their places right be
side textbooks, slide rules, and type
writers.
Each night the empty bottles are
set outside; the milkman climbs five
flights of stairs; and each morning
pints of milk and bottles of cream are
taken in with the morning paper.
Bacon, toast, coffee —their sweet
aroma fills the corridors of Encina's
fifth floor each morning. Amateur
cooking is a popular sport in the
•"barn." Spoons, cups, pots, and elec
tric grills take their places right be
side textbooks, slide rules, and type
writers.
Each night the empty bottles are
set outside; the milkman climbs five
flights of stairs; and each morning
pints of milk and bottles of cream are
taken in with the morning paper.
Bacon, toast, coffee —their sweet
aroma fills the corridors of Encina's
fifth floor each morning. Amateur
cooking is a popular sport in the
•"barn." Spoons, cups, pots, and elec
tric grills take their places right be
side textbooks, slide rules, and type
writers.
Each night the empty bottles are
set outside; the milkman climbs five
flights of stairs; and each morning
pints of milk and bottles of cream are
taken in with the morning paper.
Bacon, toast, coffee —their sweet
aroma fills the corridors of Encina's
fifth floor each morning. Amateur
cooking is a popular sport in the
•"barn." Spoons, cups, pots, and elec
tric grills take their places right be
side textbooks, slide rules, and type
writers.
Each night the empty bottles are
set outside; the milkman climbs five
flights of stairs; and each morning
pints of milk and bottles of cream are
taken in with the morning paper.
Bacon, toast, coffee —their sweet
aroma fills the corridors of Encina's
fifth floor each morning. Amateur
cooking is a popular sport in the
•"barn." Spoons, cups, pots, and elec
tric grills take their places right be
side textbooks, slide rules, and type
writers.
Each night the empty bottles are
set outside; the milkman climbs five
flights of stairs; and each morning
pints of milk and bottles of cream are
taken in with the morning paper.
Bacon, toast, coffee —their sweet
aroma fills the corridors of Encina's
fifth floor each morning. Amateur
cooking is a popular sport in the
•"barn." Spoons, cups, pots, and elec
tric grills take their places right be
side textbooks, slide rules, and type
writers.
Each night the empty bottles are
set outside; the milkman climbs five
flights of stairs; and each morning
pints of milk and bottles of cream are
taken in with the morning paper.
Bacon, toast, coffee —their sweet
aroma fills the corridors of Encina's
fifth floor each morning. Amateur
cooking is a popular sport in the
•"barn." Spoons, cups, pots, and elec
tric grills take their places right be
side textbooks, slide rules, and type
writers.
Each night the empty bottles are
set outside; the milkman climbs five
flights of stairs; and each morning
pints of milk and bottles of cream are
taken in with the morning paper.
Bacon, toast, coffee —their sweet
aroma fills the corridors of Encina's
fifth floor each morning. Amateur
cooking is a popular sport in the
•"barn." Spoons, cups, pots, and elec
tric grills take their places right be
side textbooks, slide rules, and type
writers.
Each night the empty bottles are
set outside; the milkman climbs five
flights of stairs; and each morning
pints of milk and bottles of cream are
taken in with the morning paper.
Bacon, toast, coffee —their sweet
aroma fills the corridors of Encina's
fifth floor each morning. Amateur
cooking is a popular sport in the
•"barn." Spoons, cups, pots, and elec
tric grills take their places right be
side textbooks, slide rules, and type
writers.
Each night the empty bottles are
set outside; the milkman climbs five
flights of stairs; and each morning
pints of milk and bottles of cream are
taken in with the morning paper.
