# Y.W.C.A. SENIOR CABINET HOLDS DINNER TONIGHT
## 
### 
The Senior Cabinet and the Advi
sory Board of the Y.W.C.A. will meet
tonight at 6 o'clock for dinner and
discussion at the Palo Alto home of
Miss Elizabeth Gamble, who is a
member of the Advisory Board. Miss
Josephine Little, Secretary of the
National Students' Federation, will
be guest of honor. They plan to dis
cuss the policy of the Y.W.C.A. and
talk over the arrangements for trans
portation to the national convention
of the Y.W.C.A. which is to be held
in Sacramento, April 14 to 20. Miss
Gamble lives at 1431 Waverley street.
The Senior Cabinet and the Advi
sory Board of the Y.W.C.A. will meet
tonight at 6 o'clock for dinner and
discussion at the Palo Alto home of
Miss Elizabeth Gamble, who is a
member of the Advisory Board. Miss
Josephine Little, Secretary of the
National Students' Federation, will
be guest of honor. They plan to dis
cuss the policy of the Y.W.C.A. and
talk over the arrangements for trans
portation to the national convention
of the Y.W.C.A. which is to be held
in Sacramento, April 14 to 20. Miss
Gamble lives at 1431 Waverley street.
The Senior Cabinet and the Advi
sory Board of the Y.W.C.A. will meet
tonight at 6 o'clock for dinner and
discussion at the Palo Alto home of
Miss Elizabeth Gamble, who is a
member of the Advisory Board. Miss
Josephine Little, Secretary of the
National Students' Federation, will
be guest of honor. They plan to dis
cuss the policy of the Y.W.C.A. and
talk over the arrangements for trans
portation to the national convention
of the Y.W.C.A. which is to be held
in Sacramento, April 14 to 20. Miss
Gamble lives at 1431 Waverley street.
The Senior Cabinet and the Advi
sory Board of the Y.W.C.A. will meet
tonight at 6 o'clock for dinner and
discussion at the Palo Alto home of
Miss Elizabeth Gamble, who is a
member of the Advisory Board. Miss
Josephine Little, Secretary of the
National Students' Federation, will
be guest of honor. They plan to dis
cuss the policy of the Y.W.C.A. and
talk over the arrangements for trans
portation to the national convention
of the Y.W.C.A. which is to be held
in Sacramento, April 14 to 20. Miss
Gamble lives at 1431 Waverley street.
The Senior Cabinet and the Advi
sory Board of the Y.W.C.A. will meet
tonight at 6 o'clock for dinner and
discussion at the Palo Alto home of
Miss Elizabeth Gamble, who is a
member of the Advisory Board. Miss
Josephine Little, Secretary of the
National Students' Federation, will
be guest of honor. They plan to dis
cuss the policy of the Y.W.C.A. and
talk over the arrangements for trans
portation to the national convention
of the Y.W.C.A. which is to be held
in Sacramento, April 14 to 20. Miss
Gamble lives at 1431 Waverley street.
The Senior Cabinet and the Advi
sory Board of the Y.W.C.A. will meet
tonight at 6 o'clock for dinner and
discussion at the Palo Alto home of
Miss Elizabeth Gamble, who is a
member of the Advisory Board. Miss
Josephine Little, Secretary of the
National Students' Federation, will
be guest of honor. They plan to dis
cuss the policy of the Y.W.C.A. and
talk over the arrangements for trans
portation to the national convention
of the Y.W.C.A. which is to be held
in Sacramento, April 14 to 20. Miss
Gamble lives at 1431 Waverley street.
The Senior Cabinet and the Advi
sory Board of the Y.W.C.A. will meet
tonight at 6 o'clock for dinner and
discussion at the Palo Alto home of
Miss Elizabeth Gamble, who is a
member of the Advisory Board. Miss
Josephine Little, Secretary of the
National Students' Federation, will
be guest of honor. They plan to dis
cuss the policy of the Y.W.C.A. and
talk over the arrangements for trans
portation to the national convention
of the Y.W.C.A. which is to be held
in Sacramento, April 14 to 20. Miss
Gamble lives at 1431 Waverley street.
The Senior Cabinet and the Advi
sory Board of the Y.W.C.A. will meet
tonight at 6 o'clock for dinner and
discussion at the Palo Alto home of
Miss Elizabeth Gamble, who is a
member of the Advisory Board. Miss
Josephine Little, Secretary of the
National Students' Federation, will
be guest of honor. They plan to dis
cuss the policy of the Y.W.C.A. and
talk over the arrangements for trans
portation to the national convention
of the Y.W.C.A. which is to be held
in Sacramento, April 14 to 20. Miss
Gamble lives at 1431 Waverley street.
The Senior Cabinet and the Advi
sory Board of the Y.W.C.A. will meet
tonight at 6 o'clock for dinner and
discussion at the Palo Alto home of
Miss Elizabeth Gamble, who is a
member of the Advisory Board. Miss
Josephine Little, Secretary of the
National Students' Federation, will
be guest of honor. They plan to dis
cuss the policy of the Y.W.C.A. and
talk over the arrangements for trans
portation to the national convention
of the Y.W.C.A. which is to be held
in Sacramento, April 14 to 20. Miss
Gamble lives at 1431 Waverley street.
The Senior Cabinet and the Advi
sory Board of the Y.W.C.A. will meet
tonight at 6 o'clock for dinner and
discussion at the Palo Alto home of
Miss Elizabeth Gamble, who is a
member of the Advisory Board. Miss
Josephine Little, Secretary of the
National Students' Federation, will
be guest of honor. They plan to dis
cuss the policy of the Y.W.C.A. and
talk over the arrangements for trans
portation to the national convention
of the Y.W.C.A. which is to be held
in Sacramento, April 14 to 20. Miss
Gamble lives at 1431 Waverley street.
The Senior Cabinet and the Advi
sory Board of the Y.W.C.A. will meet
tonight at 6 o'clock for dinner and
discussion at the Palo Alto home of
Miss Elizabeth Gamble, who is a
member of the Advisory Board. Miss
Josephine Little, Secretary of the
National Students' Federation, will
be guest of honor. They plan to dis
cuss the policy of the Y.W.C.A. and
talk over the arrangements for trans
portation to the national convention
of the Y.W.C.A. which is to be held
in Sacramento, April 14 to 20. Miss
Gamble lives at 1431 Waverley street.
The Senior Cabinet and the Advi
sory Board of the Y.W.C.A. will meet
tonight at 6 o'clock for dinner and
discussion at the Palo Alto home of
Miss Elizabeth Gamble, who is a
member of the Advisory Board. Miss
Josephine Little, Secretary of the
National Students' Federation, will
be guest of honor. They plan to dis
cuss the policy of the Y.W.C.A. and
talk over the arrangements for trans
portation to the national convention
of the Y.W.C.A. which is to be held
in Sacramento, April 14 to 20. Miss
Gamble lives at 1431 Waverley street.
The Senior Cabinet and the Advi
sory Board of the Y.W.C.A. will meet
tonight at 6 o'clock for dinner and
discussion at the Palo Alto home of
Miss Elizabeth Gamble, who is a
member of the Advisory Board. Miss
Josephine Little, Secretary of the
National Students' Federation, will
be guest of honor. They plan to dis
cuss the policy of the Y.W.C.A. and
talk over the arrangements for trans
portation to the national convention
of the Y.W.C.A. which is to be held
in Sacramento, April 14 to 20. Miss
Gamble lives at 1431 Waverley street.
The Senior Cabinet and the Advi
sory Board of the Y.W.C.A. will meet
tonight at 6 o'clock for dinner and
discussion at the Palo Alto home of
Miss Elizabeth Gamble, who is a
member of the Advisory Board. Miss
Josephine Little, Secretary of the
National Students' Federation, will
be guest of honor. They plan to dis
cuss the policy of the Y.W.C.A. and
talk over the arrangements for trans
portation to the national convention
of the Y.W.C.A. which is to be held
in Sacramento, April 14 to 20. Miss
Gamble lives at 1431 Waverley street.
The Senior Cabinet and the Advi
sory Board of the Y.W.C.A. will meet
tonight at 6 o'clock for dinner and
discussion at the Palo Alto home of
Miss Elizabeth Gamble, who is a
member of the Advisory Board. Miss
Josephine Little, Secretary of the
National Students' Federation, will
be guest of honor. They plan to dis
cuss the policy of the Y.W.C.A. and
talk over the arrangements for trans
portation to the national convention
of the Y.W.C.A. which is to be held
in Sacramento, April 14 to 20. Miss
Gamble lives at 1431 Waverley street.
The Senior Cabinet and the Advi
sory Board of the Y.W.C.A. will meet
tonight at 6 o'clock for dinner and
discussion at the Palo Alto home of
Miss Elizabeth Gamble, who is a
member of the Advisory Board. Miss
Josephine Little, Secretary of the
National Students' Federation, will
be guest of honor. They plan to dis
cuss the policy of the Y.W.C.A. and
talk over the arrangements for trans
portation to the national convention
of the Y.W.C.A. which is to be held
in Sacramento, April 14 to 20. Miss
Gamble lives at 1431 Waverley street.
