# Rental Library Started At University of Oregon
## 
### 
A rent collection of books has been es
tablished at the University of Oregon.
Books of fiction and books of non-fiction
of general interest may be read at a
nominal rental sum. After two weeks the
money taken in reduces the price of the
books, and they are finally sold at a re
duced price.
A rent collection of books has been es
tablished at the University of Oregon.
Books of fiction and books of non-fiction
of general interest may be read at a
nominal rental sum. After two weeks the
money taken in reduces the price of the
books, and they are finally sold at a re
duced price.
A rent collection of books has been es
tablished at the University of Oregon.
Books of fiction and books of non-fiction
of general interest may be read at a
nominal rental sum. After two weeks the
money taken in reduces the price of the
books, and they are finally sold at a re
duced price.
A rent collection of books has been es
tablished at the University of Oregon.
Books of fiction and books of non-fiction
of general interest may be read at a
nominal rental sum. After two weeks the
money taken in reduces the price of the
books, and they are finally sold at a re
duced price.
A rent collection of books has been es
tablished at the University of Oregon.
Books of fiction and books of non-fiction
of general interest may be read at a
nominal rental sum. After two weeks the
money taken in reduces the price of the
books, and they are finally sold at a re
duced price.
A rent collection of books has been es
tablished at the University of Oregon.
Books of fiction and books of non-fiction
of general interest may be read at a
nominal rental sum. After two weeks the
money taken in reduces the price of the
books, and they are finally sold at a re
duced price.
A rent collection of books has been es
tablished at the University of Oregon.
Books of fiction and books of non-fiction
of general interest may be read at a
nominal rental sum. After two weeks the
money taken in reduces the price of the
books, and they are finally sold at a re
duced price.
A rent collection of books has been es
tablished at the University of Oregon.
Books of fiction and books of non-fiction
of general interest may be read at a
nominal rental sum. After two weeks the
money taken in reduces the price of the
books, and they are finally sold at a re
duced price.
A rent collection of books has been es
tablished at the University of Oregon.
Books of fiction and books of non-fiction
of general interest may be read at a
nominal rental sum. After two weeks the
money taken in reduces the price of the
books, and they are finally sold at a re
duced price.
A rent collection of books has been es
tablished at the University of Oregon.
Books of fiction and books of non-fiction
of general interest may be read at a
nominal rental sum. After two weeks the
money taken in reduces the price of the
books, and they are finally sold at a re
duced price.
A rent collection of books has been es
tablished at the University of Oregon.
Books of fiction and books of non-fiction
of general interest may be read at a
nominal rental sum. After two weeks the
money taken in reduces the price of the
books, and they are finally sold at a re
duced price.
A rent collection of books has been es
tablished at the University of Oregon.
Books of fiction and books of non-fiction
of general interest may be read at a
nominal rental sum. After two weeks the
money taken in reduces the price of the
books, and they are finally sold at a re
duced price.
A rent collection of books has been es
tablished at the University of Oregon.
Books of fiction and books of non-fiction
of general interest may be read at a
nominal rental sum. After two weeks the
money taken in reduces the price of the
books, and they are finally sold at a re
duced price.
A rent collection of books has been es
tablished at the University of Oregon.
Books of fiction and books of non-fiction
of general interest may be read at a
nominal rental sum. After two weeks the
money taken in reduces the price of the
books, and they are finally sold at a re
duced price.
A rent collection of books has been es
tablished at the University of Oregon.
Books of fiction and books of non-fiction
of general interest may be read at a
nominal rental sum. After two weeks the
money taken in reduces the price of the
books, and they are finally sold at a re
duced price.
A rent collection of books has been es
tablished at the University of Oregon.
Books of fiction and books of non-fiction
of general interest may be read at a
nominal rental sum. After two weeks the
money taken in reduces the price of the
books, and they are finally sold at a re
duced price.
