# Women's League.
## 
### 
The Executive Committee of the
Women's League met yesterday
and completed the final arrange
ments for the first meeting of this
year. On Friday, September 16th,
from 4 to 6, the women of the Uni
versity are invited to be present at
a "Garden Party," which will be
given at the home of Mrs. David
Starr Jordan, vice-president of the
league.
With this meeting the league
will begin its third year as an im
portant factor in the activities of
the women students. It was or
ganized for the sole purpose of pro
moting the social life of the Uni
versity and of furthering the inter
ests of the women. This has been
accomplished by bringing the
ladies of the faculty into direct
touch with the interests of the un
dergraduates. The league meetings
are held monthly and are entirely
informal, the members coming di
rectly from their work in the lab
oratories and the class-rooms.
Through the efforts of the league's
advisory board the women's rest
room on the quad has been entirely
renovated and refurnished, so that
now it affords convenient and com
fortable quarters. The following
officers are in charge of the admin
istrative affairs of the league for
this year:
President, Miss Laura Bailey,
'05; vice-president, Mrs. David S.
Jordan: secretary, Miss Florence
Fay, '06; treasurer, Miss Florence
Grace, '06; executive committee,
Mrs. L. E. Bassett, Mrs. L. R.
Lenox, Miss Alice Kimball, '04,
Miss Maud Sears, '05, Miss Hazel
Pedlar, '06.
The Executive Committee of the
Women's League met yesterday
and completed the final arrange
ments for the first meeting of this
year. On Friday, September 16th,
from 4 to 6, the women of the Uni
versity are invited to be present at
a "Garden Party," which will be
given at the home of Mrs. David
Starr Jordan, vice-president of the
league.
With this meeting the league
will begin its third year as an im
portant factor in the activities of
the women students. It was or
ganized for the sole purpose of pro
moting the social life of the Uni
versity and of furthering the inter
ests of the women. This has been
accomplished by bringing the
ladies of the faculty into direct
touch with the interests of the un
dergraduates. The league meetings
are held monthly and are entirely
informal, the members coming di
rectly from their work in the lab
oratories and the class-rooms.
Through the efforts of the league's
advisory board the women's rest
room on the quad has been entirely
renovated and refurnished, so that
now it affords convenient and com
fortable quarters. The following
officers are in charge of the admin
istrative affairs of the league for
this year:
President, Miss Laura Bailey,
'05; vice-president, Mrs. David S.
Jordan: secretary, Miss Florence
Fay, '06; treasurer, Miss Florence
Grace, '06; executive committee,
Mrs. L. E. Bassett, Mrs. L. R.
Lenox, Miss Alice Kimball, '04,
Miss Maud Sears, '05, Miss Hazel
Pedlar, '06.
The Executive Committee of the
Women's League met yesterday
and completed the final arrange
ments for the first meeting of this
year. On Friday, September 16th,
from 4 to 6, the women of the Uni
versity are invited to be present at
a "Garden Party," which will be
given at the home of Mrs. David
Starr Jordan, vice-president of the
league.
With this meeting the league
will begin its third year as an im
portant factor in the activities of
the women students. It was or
ganized for the sole purpose of pro
moting the social life of the Uni
versity and of furthering the inter
ests of the women. This has been
accomplished by bringing the
ladies of the faculty into direct
touch with the interests of the un
dergraduates. The league meetings
are held monthly and are entirely
informal, the members coming di
rectly from their work in the lab
oratories and the class-rooms.
Through the efforts of the league's
advisory board the women's rest
room on the quad has been entirely
renovated and refurnished, so that
now it affords convenient and com
fortable quarters. The following
officers are in charge of the admin
istrative affairs of the league for
this year:
President, Miss Laura Bailey,
'05; vice-president, Mrs. David S.
Jordan: secretary, Miss Florence
Fay, '06; treasurer, Miss Florence
Grace, '06; executive committee,
Mrs. L. E. Bassett, Mrs. L. R.
Lenox, Miss Alice Kimball, '04,
Miss Maud Sears, '05, Miss Hazel
Pedlar, '06.
The Executive Committee of the
Women's League met yesterday
and completed the final arrange
ments for the first meeting of this
year. On Friday, September 16th,
from 4 to 6, the women of the Uni
versity are invited to be present at
a "Garden Party," which will be
given at the home of Mrs. David
Starr Jordan, vice-president of the
league.
With this meeting the league
will begin its third year as an im
portant factor in the activities of
the women students. It was or
ganized for the sole purpose of pro
moting the social life of the Uni
versity and of furthering the inter
ests of the women. This has been
accomplished by bringing the
ladies of the faculty into direct
touch with the interests of the un
dergraduates. The league meetings
are held monthly and are entirely
informal, the members coming di
rectly from their work in the lab
oratories and the class-rooms.
Through the efforts of the league's
advisory board the women's rest
room on the quad has been entirely
renovated and refurnished, so that
now it affords convenient and com
fortable quarters. The following
officers are in charge of the admin
istrative affairs of the league for
this year:
President, Miss Laura Bailey,
'05; vice-president, Mrs. David S.
Jordan: secretary, Miss Florence
Fay, '06; treasurer, Miss Florence
Grace, '06; executive committee,
Mrs. L. E. Bassett, Mrs. L. R.
Lenox, Miss Alice Kimball, '04,
Miss Maud Sears, '05, Miss Hazel
Pedlar, '06.
The Executive Committee of the
Women's League met yesterday
and completed the final arrange
ments for the first meeting of this
year. On Friday, September 16th,
from 4 to 6, the women of the Uni
versity are invited to be present at
a "Garden Party," which will be
given at the home of Mrs. David
Starr Jordan, vice-president of the
league.
With this meeting the league
will begin its third year as an im
portant factor in the activities of
the women students. It was or
ganized for the sole purpose of pro
moting the social life of the Uni
versity and of furthering the inter
ests of the women. This has been
accomplished by bringing the
ladies of the faculty into direct
touch with the interests of the un
dergraduates. The league meetings
are held monthly and are entirely
informal, the members coming di
rectly from their work in the lab
oratories and the class-rooms.
Through the efforts of the league's
advisory board the women's rest
room on the quad has been entirely
renovated and refurnished, so that
now it affords convenient and com
fortable quarters. The following
officers are in charge of the admin
istrative affairs of the league for
this year:
President, Miss Laura Bailey,
'05; vice-president, Mrs. David S.
Jordan: secretary, Miss Florence
Fay, '06; treasurer, Miss Florence
Grace, '06; executive committee,
Mrs. L. E. Bassett, Mrs. L. R.
Lenox, Miss Alice Kimball, '04,
Miss Maud Sears, '05, Miss Hazel
Pedlar, '06.
The Executive Committee of the
Women's League met yesterday
and completed the final arrange
ments for the first meeting of this
year. On Friday, September 16th,
from 4 to 6, the women of the Uni
versity are invited to be present at
a "Garden Party," which will be
given at the home of Mrs. David
Starr Jordan, vice-president of the
league.
With this meeting the league
will begin its third year as an im
portant factor in the activities of
the women students. It was or
ganized for the sole purpose of pro
moting the social life of the Uni
versity and of furthering the inter
ests of the women. This has been
accomplished by bringing the
ladies of the faculty into direct
touch with the interests of the un
dergraduates. The league meetings
are held monthly and are entirely
informal, the members coming di
rectly from their work in the lab
oratories and the class-rooms.
Through the efforts of the league's
advisory board the women's rest
room on the quad has been entirely
renovated and refurnished, so that
now it affords convenient and com
fortable quarters. The following
officers are in charge of the admin
istrative affairs of the league for
this year:
President, Miss Laura Bailey,
'05; vice-president, Mrs. David S.
Jordan: secretary, Miss Florence
Fay, '06; treasurer, Miss Florence
Grace, '06; executive committee,
Mrs. L. E. Bassett, Mrs. L. R.
Lenox, Miss Alice Kimball, '04,
Miss Maud Sears, '05, Miss Hazel
Pedlar, '06.
The Executive Committee of the
Women's League met yesterday
and completed the final arrange
ments for the first meeting of this
year. On Friday, September 16th,
from 4 to 6, the women of the Uni
versity are invited to be present at
a "Garden Party," which will be
given at the home of Mrs. David
Starr Jordan, vice-president of the
league.
With this meeting the league
will begin its third year as an im
portant factor in the activities of
the women students. It was or
ganized for the sole purpose of pro
moting the social life of the Uni
versity and of furthering the inter
ests of the women. This has been
accomplished by bringing the
ladies of the faculty into direct
touch with the interests of the un
dergraduates. The league meetings
are held monthly and are entirely
informal, the members coming di
rectly from their work in the lab
oratories and the class-rooms.
Through the efforts of the league's
advisory board the women's rest
room on the quad has been entirely
renovated and refurnished, so that
now it affords convenient and com
fortable quarters. The following
officers are in charge of the admin
istrative affairs of the league for
this year:
President, Miss Laura Bailey,
'05; vice-president, Mrs. David S.
Jordan: secretary, Miss Florence
Fay, '06; treasurer, Miss Florence
Grace, '06; executive committee,
Mrs. L. E. Bassett, Mrs. L. R.
Lenox, Miss Alice Kimball, '04,
Miss Maud Sears, '05, Miss Hazel
Pedlar, '06.
The Executive Committee of the
Women's League met yesterday
and completed the final arrange
ments for the first meeting of this
year. On Friday, September 16th,
from 4 to 6, the women of the Uni
versity are invited to be present at
a "Garden Party," which will be
given at the home of Mrs. David
Starr Jordan, vice-president of the
league.
With this meeting the league
will begin its third year as an im
portant factor in the activities of
the women students. It was or
ganized for the sole purpose of pro
moting the social life of the Uni
versity and of furthering the inter
ests of the women. This has been
accomplished by bringing the
ladies of the faculty into direct
touch with the interests of the un
dergraduates. The league meetings
are held monthly and are entirely
informal, the members coming di
rectly from their work in the lab
oratories and the class-rooms.
Through the efforts of the league's
advisory board the women's rest
room on the quad has been entirely
renovated and refurnished, so that
now it affords convenient and com
fortable quarters. The following
officers are in charge of the admin
istrative affairs of the league for
this year:
President, Miss Laura Bailey,
'05; vice-president, Mrs. David S.
Jordan: secretary, Miss Florence
Fay, '06; treasurer, Miss Florence
Grace, '06; executive committee,
Mrs. L. E. Bassett, Mrs. L. R.
Lenox, Miss Alice Kimball, '04,
Miss Maud Sears, '05, Miss Hazel
Pedlar, '06.
