# NOTICE
## 
### 
MISS YOST will be at homa to the
women students of the University on
Monday, July 14, from 4 to 6, at her
home at 2 Lasuen.
MISS YOST will be at homa to the
women students of the University on
Monday, July 14, from 4 to 6, at her
home at 2 Lasuen.
MISS YOST will be at homa to the
women students of the University on
Monday, July 14, from 4 to 6, at her
home at 2 Lasuen.
MISS YOST will be at homa to the
women students of the University on
Monday, July 14, from 4 to 6, at her
home at 2 Lasuen.
MISS YOST will be at homa to the
women students of the University on
Monday, July 14, from 4 to 6, at her
home at 2 Lasuen.
MISS YOST will be at homa to the
women students of the University on
Monday, July 14, from 4 to 6, at her
home at 2 Lasuen.
MISS YOST will be at homa to the
women students of the University on
Monday, July 14, from 4 to 6, at her
home at 2 Lasuen.
MISS YOST will be at homa to the
women students of the University on
Monday, July 14, from 4 to 6, at her
home at 2 Lasuen.
MISS YOST will be at homa to the
women students of the University on
Monday, July 14, from 4 to 6, at her
home at 2 Lasuen.
MISS YOST will be at homa to the
women students of the University on
Monday, July 14, from 4 to 6, at her
home at 2 Lasuen.
MISS YOST will be at homa to the
women students of the University on
Monday, July 14, from 4 to 6, at her
home at 2 Lasuen.
MISS YOST will be at homa to the
women students of the University on
Monday, July 14, from 4 to 6, at her
home at 2 Lasuen.
MISS YOST will be at homa to the
women students of the University on
Monday, July 14, from 4 to 6, at her
home at 2 Lasuen.
MISS YOST will be at homa to the
women students of the University on
Monday, July 14, from 4 to 6, at her
home at 2 Lasuen.
