# SPORT SCRIBES TO MEET
## 
### 
All Daily sports writers are re
quested to attend a stall meeting
this afternoon at 3:4'5 at the Daily
shack.
All Daily sports writers are re
quested to attend a stall meeting
this afternoon at 3:4'5 at the Daily
shack.
All Daily sports writers are re
quested to attend a stall meeting
this afternoon at 3:4'5 at the Daily
shack.
All Daily sports writers are re
quested to attend a stall meeting
this afternoon at 3:4'5 at the Daily
shack.
All Daily sports writers are re
quested to attend a stall meeting
this afternoon at 3:4'5 at the Daily
shack.
All Daily sports writers are re
quested to attend a stall meeting
this afternoon at 3:4'5 at the Daily
shack.
All Daily sports writers are re
quested to attend a stall meeting
this afternoon at 3:4'5 at the Daily
shack.
All Daily sports writers are re
quested to attend a stall meeting
this afternoon at 3:4'5 at the Daily
shack.
All Daily sports writers are re
quested to attend a stall meeting
this afternoon at 3:4'5 at the Daily
shack.
All Daily sports writers are re
quested to attend a stall meeting
this afternoon at 3:4'5 at the Daily
shack.
All Daily sports writers are re
quested to attend a stall meeting
this afternoon at 3:4'5 at the Daily
shack.
All Daily sports writers are re
quested to attend a stall meeting
this afternoon at 3:4'5 at the Daily
shack.
All Daily sports writers are re
quested to attend a stall meeting
this afternoon at 3:4'5 at the Daily
shack.
All Daily sports writers are re
quested to attend a stall meeting
this afternoon at 3:4'5 at the Daily
shack.
All Daily sports writers are re
quested to attend a stall meeting
this afternoon at 3:4'5 at the Daily
shack.
