# U.S. Opens Case Against Diplomats
## 
### 
NEURNBERG, Germany, Jan. 6
(UP) —The United States today op
ened its case against the "gentle
men of the Wilhemstrasse," —21 po
litical, diplomatic and economic ad
ministrators who translated Adoif
Hitler's fantastic plans into action.
Arrayed with Chief Defendant
Baron Ernest von Weizsaecker, fo> -
mer diplomat who played a key role
in the Nazi conquest of Czechoslo
vakia, were 20 others charged with
implementing the Nazi orgy of mur
der, slave labor, anti-semitism, and
aggression.
Brig. Gen. Telford Taylor, chief
American prosecutor, said in his
opening statement that the defend
ants when faced with an historic
choice, could have done much to
obstruct Hitler's rise to power. In
stead, said Taylor, they supported
"the evil designs of the adventur
ous Austrian paperhanger."
NEURNBERG, Germany, Jan. 6
(UP) —The United States today op
ened its case against the "gentle
men of the Wilhemstrasse," —21 po
litical, diplomatic and economic ad
ministrators who translated Adoif
Hitler's fantastic plans into action.
Arrayed with Chief Defendant
Baron Ernest von Weizsaecker, fo> -
mer diplomat who played a key role
in the Nazi conquest of Czechoslo
vakia, were 20 others charged with
implementing the Nazi orgy of mur
der, slave labor, anti-semitism, and
aggression.
Brig. Gen. Telford Taylor, chief
American prosecutor, said in his
opening statement that the defend
ants when faced with an historic
choice, could have done much to
obstruct Hitler's rise to power. In
stead, said Taylor, they supported
"the evil designs of the adventur
ous Austrian paperhanger."
NEURNBERG, Germany, Jan. 6
(UP) —The United States today op
ened its case against the "gentle
men of the Wilhemstrasse," —21 po
litical, diplomatic and economic ad
ministrators who translated Adoif
Hitler's fantastic plans into action.
Arrayed with Chief Defendant
Baron Ernest von Weizsaecker, fo> -
mer diplomat who played a key role
in the Nazi conquest of Czechoslo
vakia, were 20 others charged with
implementing the Nazi orgy of mur
der, slave labor, anti-semitism, and
aggression.
Brig. Gen. Telford Taylor, chief
American prosecutor, said in his
opening statement that the defend
ants when faced with an historic
choice, could have done much to
obstruct Hitler's rise to power. In
stead, said Taylor, they supported
"the evil designs of the adventur
ous Austrian paperhanger."
NEURNBERG, Germany, Jan. 6
(UP) —The United States today op
ened its case against the "gentle
men of the Wilhemstrasse," —21 po
litical, diplomatic and economic ad
ministrators who translated Adoif
Hitler's fantastic plans into action.
Arrayed with Chief Defendant
Baron Ernest von Weizsaecker, fo> -
mer diplomat who played a key role
in the Nazi conquest of Czechoslo
vakia, were 20 others charged with
implementing the Nazi orgy of mur
der, slave labor, anti-semitism, and
aggression.
Brig. Gen. Telford Taylor, chief
American prosecutor, said in his
opening statement that the defend
ants when faced with an historic
choice, could have done much to
obstruct Hitler's rise to power. In
stead, said Taylor, they supported
"the evil designs of the adventur
ous Austrian paperhanger."
NEURNBERG, Germany, Jan. 6
(UP) —The United States today op
ened its case against the "gentle
men of the Wilhemstrasse," —21 po
litical, diplomatic and economic ad
ministrators who translated Adoif
Hitler's fantastic plans into action.
Arrayed with Chief Defendant
Baron Ernest von Weizsaecker, fo> -
mer diplomat who played a key role
in the Nazi conquest of Czechoslo
vakia, were 20 others charged with
implementing the Nazi orgy of mur
der, slave labor, anti-semitism, and
aggression.
Brig. Gen. Telford Taylor, chief
American prosecutor, said in his
opening statement that the defend
ants when faced with an historic
choice, could have done much to
obstruct Hitler's rise to power. In
stead, said Taylor, they supported
"the evil designs of the adventur
ous Austrian paperhanger."
NEURNBERG, Germany, Jan. 6
(UP) —The United States today op
ened its case against the "gentle
men of the Wilhemstrasse," —21 po
litical, diplomatic and economic ad
ministrators who translated Adoif
Hitler's fantastic plans into action.
Arrayed with Chief Defendant
Baron Ernest von Weizsaecker, fo> -
mer diplomat who played a key role
in the Nazi conquest of Czechoslo
vakia, were 20 others charged with
implementing the Nazi orgy of mur
der, slave labor, anti-semitism, and
aggression.
Brig. Gen. Telford Taylor, chief
American prosecutor, said in his
opening statement that the defend
ants when faced with an historic
choice, could have done much to
obstruct Hitler's rise to power. In
stead, said Taylor, they supported
"the evil designs of the adventur
ous Austrian paperhanger."
NEURNBERG, Germany, Jan. 6
(UP) —The United States today op
ened its case against the "gentle
men of the Wilhemstrasse," —21 po
litical, diplomatic and economic ad
ministrators who translated Adoif
Hitler's fantastic plans into action.
Arrayed with Chief Defendant
Baron Ernest von Weizsaecker, fo> -
mer diplomat who played a key role
in the Nazi conquest of Czechoslo
vakia, were 20 others charged with
implementing the Nazi orgy of mur
der, slave labor, anti-semitism, and
aggression.
Brig. Gen. Telford Taylor, chief
American prosecutor, said in his
opening statement that the defend
ants when faced with an historic
choice, could have done much to
obstruct Hitler's rise to power. In
stead, said Taylor, they supported
"the evil designs of the adventur
ous Austrian paperhanger."
NEURNBERG, Germany, Jan. 6
(UP) —The United States today op
ened its case against the "gentle
men of the Wilhemstrasse," —21 po
litical, diplomatic and economic ad
ministrators who translated Adoif
Hitler's fantastic plans into action.
Arrayed with Chief Defendant
Baron Ernest von Weizsaecker, fo> -
mer diplomat who played a key role
in the Nazi conquest of Czechoslo
vakia, were 20 others charged with
implementing the Nazi orgy of mur
der, slave labor, anti-semitism, and
aggression.
Brig. Gen. Telford Taylor, chief
American prosecutor, said in his
opening statement that the defend
ants when faced with an historic
choice, could have done much to
obstruct Hitler's rise to power. In
stead, said Taylor, they supported
"the evil designs of the adventur
ous Austrian paperhanger."
NEURNBERG, Germany, Jan. 6
(UP) —The United States today op
ened its case against the "gentle
men of the Wilhemstrasse," —21 po
litical, diplomatic and economic ad
ministrators who translated Adoif
Hitler's fantastic plans into action.
Arrayed with Chief Defendant
Baron Ernest von Weizsaecker, fo> -
mer diplomat who played a key role
in the Nazi conquest of Czechoslo
vakia, were 20 others charged with
implementing the Nazi orgy of mur
der, slave labor, anti-semitism, and
aggression.
Brig. Gen. Telford Taylor, chief
American prosecutor, said in his
opening statement that the defend
ants when faced with an historic
choice, could have done much to
obstruct Hitler's rise to power. In
stead, said Taylor, they supported
"the evil designs of the adventur
ous Austrian paperhanger."
NEURNBERG, Germany, Jan. 6
(UP) —The United States today op
ened its case against the "gentle
men of the Wilhemstrasse," —21 po
litical, diplomatic and economic ad
ministrators who translated Adoif
Hitler's fantastic plans into action.
Arrayed with Chief Defendant
Baron Ernest von Weizsaecker, fo> -
mer diplomat who played a key role
in the Nazi conquest of Czechoslo
vakia, were 20 others charged with
implementing the Nazi orgy of mur
der, slave labor, anti-semitism, and
aggression.
Brig. Gen. Telford Taylor, chief
American prosecutor, said in his
opening statement that the defend
ants when faced with an historic
choice, could have done much to
obstruct Hitler's rise to power. In
stead, said Taylor, they supported
"the evil designs of the adventur
ous Austrian paperhanger."
NEURNBERG, Germany, Jan. 6
(UP) —The United States today op
ened its case against the "gentle
men of the Wilhemstrasse," —21 po
litical, diplomatic and economic ad
ministrators who translated Adoif
Hitler's fantastic plans into action.
Arrayed with Chief Defendant
Baron Ernest von Weizsaecker, fo> -
mer diplomat who played a key role
in the Nazi conquest of Czechoslo
vakia, were 20 others charged with
implementing the Nazi orgy of mur
der, slave labor, anti-semitism, and
aggression.
Brig. Gen. Telford Taylor, chief
American prosecutor, said in his
opening statement that the defend
ants when faced with an historic
choice, could have done much to
obstruct Hitler's rise to power. In
stead, said Taylor, they supported
"the evil designs of the adventur
ous Austrian paperhanger."
NEURNBERG, Germany, Jan. 6
(UP) —The United States today op
ened its case against the "gentle
men of the Wilhemstrasse," —21 po
litical, diplomatic and economic ad
ministrators who translated Adoif
Hitler's fantastic plans into action.
Arrayed with Chief Defendant
Baron Ernest von Weizsaecker, fo> -
mer diplomat who played a key role
in the Nazi conquest of Czechoslo
vakia, were 20 others charged with
implementing the Nazi orgy of mur
der, slave labor, anti-semitism, and
aggression.
Brig. Gen. Telford Taylor, chief
American prosecutor, said in his
opening statement that the defend
ants when faced with an historic
choice, could have done much to
obstruct Hitler's rise to power. In
stead, said Taylor, they supported
"the evil designs of the adventur
ous Austrian paperhanger."
NEURNBERG, Germany, Jan. 6
(UP) —The United States today op
ened its case against the "gentle
men of the Wilhemstrasse," —21 po
litical, diplomatic and economic ad
ministrators who translated Adoif
Hitler's fantastic plans into action.
Arrayed with Chief Defendant
Baron Ernest von Weizsaecker, fo> -
mer diplomat who played a key role
in the Nazi conquest of Czechoslo
vakia, were 20 others charged with
implementing the Nazi orgy of mur
der, slave labor, anti-semitism, and
aggression.
Brig. Gen. Telford Taylor, chief
American prosecutor, said in his
opening statement that the defend
ants when faced with an historic
choice, could have done much to
obstruct Hitler's rise to power. In
stead, said Taylor, they supported
"the evil designs of the adventur
ous Austrian paperhanger."
NEURNBERG, Germany, Jan. 6
(UP) —The United States today op
ened its case against the "gentle
men of the Wilhemstrasse," —21 po
litical, diplomatic and economic ad
ministrators who translated Adoif
Hitler's fantastic plans into action.
Arrayed with Chief Defendant
Baron Ernest von Weizsaecker, fo> -
mer diplomat who played a key role
in the Nazi conquest of Czechoslo
vakia, were 20 others charged with
implementing the Nazi orgy of mur
der, slave labor, anti-semitism, and
aggression.
Brig. Gen. Telford Taylor, chief
American prosecutor, said in his
opening statement that the defend
ants when faced with an historic
choice, could have done much to
obstruct Hitler's rise to power. In
stead, said Taylor, they supported
"the evil designs of the adventur
ous Austrian paperhanger."
NEURNBERG, Germany, Jan. 6
(UP) —The United States today op
ened its case against the "gentle
men of the Wilhemstrasse," —21 po
litical, diplomatic and economic ad
ministrators who translated Adoif
Hitler's fantastic plans into action.
Arrayed with Chief Defendant
Baron Ernest von Weizsaecker, fo> -
mer diplomat who played a key role
in the Nazi conquest of Czechoslo
vakia, were 20 others charged with
implementing the Nazi orgy of mur
der, slave labor, anti-semitism, and
aggression.
Brig. Gen. Telford Taylor, chief
American prosecutor, said in his
opening statement that the defend
ants when faced with an historic
choice, could have done much to
obstruct Hitler's rise to power. In
stead, said Taylor, they supported
"the evil designs of the adventur
ous Austrian paperhanger."
