# Women's Conference To Meet, Vote on Dues
## 
### 
Proposed dues revisions and max
imum dues of $4 will be voted upon
at the first regular meeting of Wom
en's Conference tomorrow afternoon
at 4:15 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse, according to
Joan Maxwell, Conference secre
tary.
Proposed dues revisions and max
imum dues of $4 will be voted upon
at the first regular meeting of Wom
en's Conference tomorrow afternoon
at 4:15 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse, according to
Joan Maxwell, Conference secre
tary.
Proposed dues revisions and max
imum dues of $4 will be voted upon
at the first regular meeting of Wom
en's Conference tomorrow afternoon
at 4:15 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse, according to
Joan Maxwell, Conference secre
tary.
Proposed dues revisions and max
imum dues of $4 will be voted upon
at the first regular meeting of Wom
en's Conference tomorrow afternoon
at 4:15 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse, according to
Joan Maxwell, Conference secre
tary.
Proposed dues revisions and max
imum dues of $4 will be voted upon
at the first regular meeting of Wom
en's Conference tomorrow afternoon
at 4:15 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse, according to
Joan Maxwell, Conference secre
tary.
Proposed dues revisions and max
imum dues of $4 will be voted upon
at the first regular meeting of Wom
en's Conference tomorrow afternoon
at 4:15 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse, according to
Joan Maxwell, Conference secre
tary.
Proposed dues revisions and max
imum dues of $4 will be voted upon
at the first regular meeting of Wom
en's Conference tomorrow afternoon
at 4:15 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse, according to
Joan Maxwell, Conference secre
tary.
Proposed dues revisions and max
imum dues of $4 will be voted upon
at the first regular meeting of Wom
en's Conference tomorrow afternoon
at 4:15 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse, according to
Joan Maxwell, Conference secre
tary.
Proposed dues revisions and max
imum dues of $4 will be voted upon
at the first regular meeting of Wom
en's Conference tomorrow afternoon
at 4:15 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse, according to
Joan Maxwell, Conference secre
tary.
Proposed dues revisions and max
imum dues of $4 will be voted upon
at the first regular meeting of Wom
en's Conference tomorrow afternoon
at 4:15 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse, according to
Joan Maxwell, Conference secre
tary.
Proposed dues revisions and max
imum dues of $4 will be voted upon
at the first regular meeting of Wom
en's Conference tomorrow afternoon
at 4:15 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse, according to
Joan Maxwell, Conference secre
tary.
Proposed dues revisions and max
imum dues of $4 will be voted upon
at the first regular meeting of Wom
en's Conference tomorrow afternoon
at 4:15 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse, according to
Joan Maxwell, Conference secre
tary.
Proposed dues revisions and max
imum dues of $4 will be voted upon
at the first regular meeting of Wom
en's Conference tomorrow afternoon
at 4:15 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse, according to
Joan Maxwell, Conference secre
tary.
Proposed dues revisions and max
imum dues of $4 will be voted upon
at the first regular meeting of Wom
en's Conference tomorrow afternoon
at 4:15 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse, according to
Joan Maxwell, Conference secre
tary.
Proposed dues revisions and max
imum dues of $4 will be voted upon
at the first regular meeting of Wom
en's Conference tomorrow afternoon
at 4:15 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse, according to
Joan Maxwell, Conference secre
tary.
