# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Carolyn Spicer to Carl
Burke, Kappa Sigma.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Carolyn Spicer to Carl
Burke, Kappa Sigma.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Carolyn Spicer to Carl
Burke, Kappa Sigma.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Carolyn Spicer to Carl
Burke, Kappa Sigma.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Carolyn Spicer to Carl
Burke, Kappa Sigma.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Carolyn Spicer to Carl
Burke, Kappa Sigma.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Carolyn Spicer to Carl
Burke, Kappa Sigma.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Carolyn Spicer to Carl
Burke, Kappa Sigma.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Carolyn Spicer to Carl
Burke, Kappa Sigma.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Carolyn Spicer to Carl
Burke, Kappa Sigma.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Carolyn Spicer to Carl
Burke, Kappa Sigma.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Carolyn Spicer to Carl
Burke, Kappa Sigma.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Carolyn Spicer to Carl
Burke, Kappa Sigma.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Carolyn Spicer to Carl
Burke, Kappa Sigma.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Carolyn Spicer to Carl
Burke, Kappa Sigma.
