# University denies relief priority push
## 
### Brad Hayward Editorial staff 
An East Bay legislator is con
tinuing his protest of Stanford's
lobbying efforts to secure state
funding for earthquake relief, but
one of the University's key lob
byists in the affair denies that
Stanford will swipe the limited
funds away from more needy
recipients.
State Sen. Bill Lockyer, D-
Hayward, accused Stanford of
using high-pressure lobbyists and
alumni contacts in the California
State Legislature to outmaneuver
organizations such as homeless
shelters that are also seeking
funds.
"It's simply not right when
Stanford has the kind of resources
behind it that are three and four
times the size of the state budget
surplus, that they should be able
to secure limited resources ahead
of other limited-resources
groups," Lockyer said in a tele
phone interview yesterday.
The lobbying effort came just
more than a week ago when the
Legislature hammered out a 12-
bill earthquake-relief package
that included a provision for non
profit organizations such as Stan
ford to receive state disaster
funds.
