# President Jordan Issues Pamphlet.
## 
### 
A new pamphlet hy Dr. Jordan has
just been published entitled, "A Re
view of (he Fishes of the Family
Gerridae Found in the Waters of
Japan."
A new pamphlet hy Dr. Jordan has
just been published entitled, "A Re
view of (he Fishes of the Family
Gerridae Found in the Waters of
Japan."
A new pamphlet hy Dr. Jordan has
just been published entitled, "A Re
view of (he Fishes of the Family
Gerridae Found in the Waters of
Japan."
A new pamphlet hy Dr. Jordan has
just been published entitled, "A Re
view of (he Fishes of the Family
Gerridae Found in the Waters of
Japan."
A new pamphlet hy Dr. Jordan has
just been published entitled, "A Re
view of (he Fishes of the Family
Gerridae Found in the Waters of
Japan."
A new pamphlet hy Dr. Jordan has
just been published entitled, "A Re
view of (he Fishes of the Family
Gerridae Found in the Waters of
Japan."
A new pamphlet hy Dr. Jordan has
just been published entitled, "A Re
view of (he Fishes of the Family
Gerridae Found in the Waters of
Japan."
A new pamphlet hy Dr. Jordan has
just been published entitled, "A Re
view of (he Fishes of the Family
Gerridae Found in the Waters of
Japan."
A new pamphlet hy Dr. Jordan has
just been published entitled, "A Re
view of (he Fishes of the Family
Gerridae Found in the Waters of
Japan."
