# Y.W.C.A. Officers Chosen.
## 
### 
The Young Women's Christian As
sociation has chosen its officers for
next year. They are as follows.
President, Miss M. L. Squire, '07; Vice
president, Miss M. Baker, '08; Treas
urer, Miss L. Howell, *08; Recording
Secretary, Miss A. Weaver, '08, and
Corresponding Secretary, Miss M.
Monteith, '08.
The Young Women's Christian As
sociation has chosen its officers for
next year. They are as follows.
President, Miss M. L. Squire, '07; Vice
president, Miss M. Baker, '08; Treas
urer, Miss L. Howell, *08; Recording
Secretary, Miss A. Weaver, '08, and
Corresponding Secretary, Miss M.
Monteith, '08.
The Young Women's Christian As
sociation has chosen its officers for
next year. They are as follows.
President, Miss M. L. Squire, '07; Vice
president, Miss M. Baker, '08; Treas
urer, Miss L. Howell, *08; Recording
Secretary, Miss A. Weaver, '08, and
Corresponding Secretary, Miss M.
Monteith, '08.
The Young Women's Christian As
sociation has chosen its officers for
next year. They are as follows.
President, Miss M. L. Squire, '07; Vice
president, Miss M. Baker, '08; Treas
urer, Miss L. Howell, *08; Recording
Secretary, Miss A. Weaver, '08, and
Corresponding Secretary, Miss M.
Monteith, '08.
The Young Women's Christian As
sociation has chosen its officers for
next year. They are as follows.
President, Miss M. L. Squire, '07; Vice
president, Miss M. Baker, '08; Treas
urer, Miss L. Howell, *08; Recording
Secretary, Miss A. Weaver, '08, and
Corresponding Secretary, Miss M.
Monteith, '08.
The Young Women's Christian As
sociation has chosen its officers for
next year. They are as follows.
President, Miss M. L. Squire, '07; Vice
president, Miss M. Baker, '08; Treas
urer, Miss L. Howell, *08; Recording
Secretary, Miss A. Weaver, '08, and
Corresponding Secretary, Miss M.
Monteith, '08.
The Young Women's Christian As
sociation has chosen its officers for
next year. They are as follows.
President, Miss M. L. Squire, '07; Vice
president, Miss M. Baker, '08; Treas
urer, Miss L. Howell, *08; Recording
Secretary, Miss A. Weaver, '08, and
Corresponding Secretary, Miss M.
Monteith, '08.
The Young Women's Christian As
sociation has chosen its officers for
next year. They are as follows.
President, Miss M. L. Squire, '07; Vice
president, Miss M. Baker, '08; Treas
urer, Miss L. Howell, *08; Recording
Secretary, Miss A. Weaver, '08, and
Corresponding Secretary, Miss M.
Monteith, '08.
The Young Women's Christian As
sociation has chosen its officers for
next year. They are as follows.
President, Miss M. L. Squire, '07; Vice
president, Miss M. Baker, '08; Treas
urer, Miss L. Howell, *08; Recording
Secretary, Miss A. Weaver, '08, and
Corresponding Secretary, Miss M.
Monteith, '08.
