# Nominate A.S.S.U. Officers Tomorrow
## Election on Quad Wednesday. Amendment Will Legalize 1918 Quad Vote 
### 
Nominations for student body of
ficers will be made tomorrow after
noon at the chapel at 1:10. The elec
tion will be held next Wednesday on
the Quad.
In addition to the election of reg
ular student body olficers, an amend
ment in regard to Quad elections will
be placed before the students. The
sophomore election this afternoon was
unofficial, and unless the amendment
proposed next Wednesday is carried,
the Quad editor and manager will have
to be elected by the entire student
body.
The committee appointed by the
Executive Committee last night to
draw up an amendment to the con
stitutional amendment governing
Quad elections adopted last fall, pro
poses the following changes:
That the words "sophomore class"
shall be substituted for "associated
students" where the latter phrase is
used the second time in the following
article: "Tryouts for the editorship
and managership of the Quad shall be
conducted by a board consisting of
the present editor and manager of the
Quad, the editor to be chairman; the
! editor and manager of the preceding
Quad, and two members to be ap
pointed by the president of the As
sociated Students. Meetings of the
board shall be held not less than bi
weekly. Not less than three men for
each office shall be recommended to
be voted on by the Associated Stu
dents (sophomore class).
And that the following clause be
added: "This amendment shall be un-
I derstood to ratify the recent election
jof .Quad officers by the 191S class."
