# Untitled Article
## 
### 
University of Michigan baseball
team's recent southern invasion re
sulted somewhat disastrously for the
nine, meeting; six defeats and tying
one.
University of Michigan baseball
team's recent southern invasion re
sulted somewhat disastrously for the
nine, meeting; six defeats and tying
one.
University of Michigan baseball
team's recent southern invasion re
sulted somewhat disastrously for the
nine, meeting; six defeats and tying
one.
University of Michigan baseball
team's recent southern invasion re
sulted somewhat disastrously for the
nine, meeting; six defeats and tying
one.
University of Michigan baseball
team's recent southern invasion re
sulted somewhat disastrously for the
nine, meeting; six defeats and tying
one.
University of Michigan baseball
team's recent southern invasion re
sulted somewhat disastrously for the
nine, meeting; six defeats and tying
one.
University of Michigan baseball
team's recent southern invasion re
sulted somewhat disastrously for the
nine, meeting; six defeats and tying
one.
University of Michigan baseball
team's recent southern invasion re
sulted somewhat disastrously for the
nine, meeting; six defeats and tying
one.
University of Michigan baseball
team's recent southern invasion re
sulted somewhat disastrously for the
nine, meeting; six defeats and tying
one.
University of Michigan baseball
team's recent southern invasion re
sulted somewhat disastrously for the
nine, meeting; six defeats and tying
one.
University of Michigan baseball
team's recent southern invasion re
sulted somewhat disastrously for the
nine, meeting; six defeats and tying
one.
University of Michigan baseball
team's recent southern invasion re
sulted somewhat disastrously for the
nine, meeting; six defeats and tying
one.
University of Michigan baseball
team's recent southern invasion re
sulted somewhat disastrously for the
nine, meeting; six defeats and tying
one.
University of Michigan baseball
team's recent southern invasion re
sulted somewhat disastrously for the
nine, meeting; six defeats and tying
one.
