# Adv. 12 Page 4
## 
### 
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
Removed )>y the KkctnV Needle, ab
solutely permanent. Work Ruaran
tetd. Sundays by appointment.
CERTRUDE ALLENDER
.'l4 Jimerson l'.A. 544.3
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
Removed )>y the KkctnV Needle, ab
solutely permanent. Work Ruaran
tetd. Sundays by appointment.
CERTRUDE ALLENDER
.'l4 Jimerson l'.A. 544.3
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
Removed )>y the KkctnV Needle, ab
solutely permanent. Work Ruaran
tetd. Sundays by appointment.
CERTRUDE ALLENDER
.'l4 Jimerson l'.A. 544.3
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
Removed )>y the KkctnV Needle, ab
solutely permanent. Work Ruaran
tetd. Sundays by appointment.
CERTRUDE ALLENDER
.'l4 Jimerson l'.A. 544.3
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
Removed )>y the KkctnV Needle, ab
solutely permanent. Work Ruaran
tetd. Sundays by appointment.
CERTRUDE ALLENDER
.'l4 Jimerson l'.A. 544.3
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
Removed )>y the KkctnV Needle, ab
solutely permanent. Work Ruaran
tetd. Sundays by appointment.
CERTRUDE ALLENDER
.'l4 Jimerson l'.A. 544.3
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
Removed )>y the KkctnV Needle, ab
solutely permanent. Work Ruaran
tetd. Sundays by appointment.
CERTRUDE ALLENDER
.'l4 Jimerson l'.A. 544.3
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
Removed )>y the KkctnV Needle, ab
solutely permanent. Work Ruaran
tetd. Sundays by appointment.
CERTRUDE ALLENDER
.'l4 Jimerson l'.A. 544.3
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
Removed )>y the KkctnV Needle, ab
solutely permanent. Work Ruaran
tetd. Sundays by appointment.
CERTRUDE ALLENDER
.'l4 Jimerson l'.A. 544.3
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
Removed )>y the KkctnV Needle, ab
solutely permanent. Work Ruaran
tetd. Sundays by appointment.
CERTRUDE ALLENDER
.'l4 Jimerson l'.A. 544.3
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
Removed )>y the KkctnV Needle, ab
solutely permanent. Work Ruaran
tetd. Sundays by appointment.
CERTRUDE ALLENDER
.'l4 Jimerson l'.A. 544.3
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
Removed )>y the KkctnV Needle, ab
solutely permanent. Work Ruaran
tetd. Sundays by appointment.
CERTRUDE ALLENDER
.'l4 Jimerson l'.A. 544.3
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
Removed )>y the KkctnV Needle, ab
solutely permanent. Work Ruaran
tetd. Sundays by appointment.
CERTRUDE ALLENDER
.'l4 Jimerson l'.A. 544.3
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
Removed )>y the KkctnV Needle, ab
solutely permanent. Work Ruaran
tetd. Sundays by appointment.
CERTRUDE ALLENDER
.'l4 Jimerson l'.A. 544.3
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
Removed )>y the KkctnV Needle, ab
solutely permanent. Work Ruaran
tetd. Sundays by appointment.
CERTRUDE ALLENDER
.'l4 Jimerson l'.A. 544.3
