# FALSE ALARM
## 
### 
Stanford University fire apparatus
was called to English corner last
night at 9 o'clock; practical joker
pulled alarm; department returned
to poker game.
Stanford University fire apparatus
was called to English corner last
night at 9 o'clock; practical joker
pulled alarm; department returned
to poker game.
Stanford University fire apparatus
was called to English corner last
night at 9 o'clock; practical joker
pulled alarm; department returned
to poker game.
Stanford University fire apparatus
was called to English corner last
night at 9 o'clock; practical joker
pulled alarm; department returned
to poker game.
Stanford University fire apparatus
was called to English corner last
night at 9 o'clock; practical joker
pulled alarm; department returned
to poker game.
Stanford University fire apparatus
was called to English corner last
night at 9 o'clock; practical joker
pulled alarm; department returned
to poker game.
Stanford University fire apparatus
was called to English corner last
night at 9 o'clock; practical joker
pulled alarm; department returned
to poker game.
Stanford University fire apparatus
was called to English corner last
night at 9 o'clock; practical joker
pulled alarm; department returned
to poker game.
Stanford University fire apparatus
was called to English corner last
night at 9 o'clock; practical joker
pulled alarm; department returned
to poker game.
Stanford University fire apparatus
was called to English corner last
night at 9 o'clock; practical joker
pulled alarm; department returned
to poker game.
Stanford University fire apparatus
was called to English corner last
night at 9 o'clock; practical joker
pulled alarm; department returned
to poker game.
Stanford University fire apparatus
was called to English corner last
night at 9 o'clock; practical joker
pulled alarm; department returned
to poker game.
Stanford University fire apparatus
was called to English corner last
night at 9 o'clock; practical joker
pulled alarm; department returned
to poker game.
Stanford University fire apparatus
was called to English corner last
night at 9 o'clock; practical joker
pulled alarm; department returned
to poker game.
Stanford University fire apparatus
was called to English corner last
night at 9 o'clock; practical joker
pulled alarm; department returned
to poker game.
