# HELPS NEEDY
## 
### 

Mrs. Franklin L>. Roosevelt is ,
shown as she spoke in Chicago at
(lie mobilization for human need
conference, the nation-wide drive to
aid needy through private agencies.;
(Associated Press Photo)

Mrs. Franklin L>. Roosevelt is ,
shown as she spoke in Chicago at
(lie mobilization for human need
conference, the nation-wide drive to
aid needy through private agencies.;
(Associated Press Photo)

Mrs. Franklin L>. Roosevelt is ,
shown as she spoke in Chicago at
(lie mobilization for human need
conference, the nation-wide drive to
aid needy through private agencies.;
(Associated Press Photo)

Mrs. Franklin L>. Roosevelt is ,
shown as she spoke in Chicago at
(lie mobilization for human need
conference, the nation-wide drive to
aid needy through private agencies.;
(Associated Press Photo)

Mrs. Franklin L>. Roosevelt is ,
shown as she spoke in Chicago at
(lie mobilization for human need
conference, the nation-wide drive to
aid needy through private agencies.;
(Associated Press Photo)

Mrs. Franklin L>. Roosevelt is ,
shown as she spoke in Chicago at
(lie mobilization for human need
conference, the nation-wide drive to
aid needy through private agencies.;
(Associated Press Photo)

Mrs. Franklin L>. Roosevelt is ,
shown as she spoke in Chicago at
(lie mobilization for human need
conference, the nation-wide drive to
aid needy through private agencies.;
(Associated Press Photo)

Mrs. Franklin L>. Roosevelt is ,
shown as she spoke in Chicago at
(lie mobilization for human need
conference, the nation-wide drive to
aid needy through private agencies.;
(Associated Press Photo)

Mrs. Franklin L>. Roosevelt is ,
shown as she spoke in Chicago at
(lie mobilization for human need
conference, the nation-wide drive to
aid needy through private agencies.;
(Associated Press Photo)

Mrs. Franklin L>. Roosevelt is ,
shown as she spoke in Chicago at
(lie mobilization for human need
conference, the nation-wide drive to
aid needy through private agencies.;
(Associated Press Photo)

Mrs. Franklin L>. Roosevelt is ,
shown as she spoke in Chicago at
(lie mobilization for human need
conference, the nation-wide drive to
aid needy through private agencies.;
(Associated Press Photo)

Mrs. Franklin L>. Roosevelt is ,
shown as she spoke in Chicago at
(lie mobilization for human need
conference, the nation-wide drive to
aid needy through private agencies.;
(Associated Press Photo)

Mrs. Franklin L>. Roosevelt is ,
shown as she spoke in Chicago at
(lie mobilization for human need
conference, the nation-wide drive to
aid needy through private agencies.;
(Associated Press Photo)

Mrs. Franklin L>. Roosevelt is ,
shown as she spoke in Chicago at
(lie mobilization for human need
conference, the nation-wide drive to
aid needy through private agencies.;
(Associated Press Photo)

Mrs. Franklin L>. Roosevelt is ,
shown as she spoke in Chicago at
(lie mobilization for human need
conference, the nation-wide drive to
aid needy through private agencies.;
(Associated Press Photo)
