# U.S., Greece, Insull
## 
### 
Irked by Greece's refusal to hand
over much wanted watered-stock
magnate Insull, irate U.S. sent a
court note to the offending country,
slated it had openly violated extra
dition treaty. Insull called judges
"ideal,"' treaty has been denounced
as useless, Greece is "deeply sorry."
Irked by Greece's refusal to hand
over much wanted watered-stock
magnate Insull, irate U.S. sent a
court note to the offending country,
slated it had openly violated extra
dition treaty. Insull called judges
"ideal,"' treaty has been denounced
as useless, Greece is "deeply sorry."
Irked by Greece's refusal to hand
over much wanted watered-stock
magnate Insull, irate U.S. sent a
court note to the offending country,
slated it had openly violated extra
dition treaty. Insull called judges
"ideal,"' treaty has been denounced
as useless, Greece is "deeply sorry."
Irked by Greece's refusal to hand
over much wanted watered-stock
magnate Insull, irate U.S. sent a
court note to the offending country,
slated it had openly violated extra
dition treaty. Insull called judges
"ideal,"' treaty has been denounced
as useless, Greece is "deeply sorry."
Irked by Greece's refusal to hand
over much wanted watered-stock
magnate Insull, irate U.S. sent a
court note to the offending country,
slated it had openly violated extra
dition treaty. Insull called judges
"ideal,"' treaty has been denounced
as useless, Greece is "deeply sorry."
Irked by Greece's refusal to hand
over much wanted watered-stock
magnate Insull, irate U.S. sent a
court note to the offending country,
slated it had openly violated extra
dition treaty. Insull called judges
"ideal,"' treaty has been denounced
as useless, Greece is "deeply sorry."
Irked by Greece's refusal to hand
over much wanted watered-stock
magnate Insull, irate U.S. sent a
court note to the offending country,
slated it had openly violated extra
dition treaty. Insull called judges
"ideal,"' treaty has been denounced
as useless, Greece is "deeply sorry."
Irked by Greece's refusal to hand
over much wanted watered-stock
magnate Insull, irate U.S. sent a
court note to the offending country,
slated it had openly violated extra
dition treaty. Insull called judges
"ideal,"' treaty has been denounced
as useless, Greece is "deeply sorry."
Irked by Greece's refusal to hand
over much wanted watered-stock
magnate Insull, irate U.S. sent a
court note to the offending country,
slated it had openly violated extra
dition treaty. Insull called judges
"ideal,"' treaty has been denounced
as useless, Greece is "deeply sorry."
Irked by Greece's refusal to hand
over much wanted watered-stock
magnate Insull, irate U.S. sent a
court note to the offending country,
slated it had openly violated extra
dition treaty. Insull called judges
"ideal,"' treaty has been denounced
as useless, Greece is "deeply sorry."
Irked by Greece's refusal to hand
over much wanted watered-stock
magnate Insull, irate U.S. sent a
court note to the offending country,
slated it had openly violated extra
dition treaty. Insull called judges
"ideal,"' treaty has been denounced
as useless, Greece is "deeply sorry."
Irked by Greece's refusal to hand
over much wanted watered-stock
magnate Insull, irate U.S. sent a
court note to the offending country,
slated it had openly violated extra
dition treaty. Insull called judges
"ideal,"' treaty has been denounced
as useless, Greece is "deeply sorry."
Irked by Greece's refusal to hand
over much wanted watered-stock
magnate Insull, irate U.S. sent a
court note to the offending country,
slated it had openly violated extra
dition treaty. Insull called judges
"ideal,"' treaty has been denounced
as useless, Greece is "deeply sorry."
Irked by Greece's refusal to hand
over much wanted watered-stock
magnate Insull, irate U.S. sent a
court note to the offending country,
slated it had openly violated extra
dition treaty. Insull called judges
"ideal,"' treaty has been denounced
as useless, Greece is "deeply sorry."
Irked by Greece's refusal to hand
over much wanted watered-stock
magnate Insull, irate U.S. sent a
court note to the offending country,
slated it had openly violated extra
dition treaty. Insull called judges
"ideal,"' treaty has been denounced
as useless, Greece is "deeply sorry."
