# WOLVERINES DOWN ILLINI 7-6 TO KEEP SEASON SLATE CLEAR
## 
### 

Michigan's Wolverines took the University of Illinois footbatr team into camp Saturday 7 to 6, thereby
tightening their hold on the Big Ten Conference lead and continuing their two-year winning streak. The
closely fought victory marked another milestone in Michigan-Illinois rivalry which has produced some of the
most thrilling games in Big Ten history. (Associated Press Photo)

Michigan's Wolverines took the University of Illinois footbatr team into camp Saturday 7 to 6, thereby
tightening their hold on the Big Ten Conference lead and continuing their two-year winning streak. The
closely fought victory marked another milestone in Michigan-Illinois rivalry which has produced some of the
most thrilling games in Big Ten history. (Associated Press Photo)

Michigan's Wolverines took the University of Illinois footbatr team into camp Saturday 7 to 6, thereby
tightening their hold on the Big Ten Conference lead and continuing their two-year winning streak. The
closely fought victory marked another milestone in Michigan-Illinois rivalry which has produced some of the
most thrilling games in Big Ten history. (Associated Press Photo)

Michigan's Wolverines took the University of Illinois footbatr team into camp Saturday 7 to 6, thereby
tightening their hold on the Big Ten Conference lead and continuing their two-year winning streak. The
closely fought victory marked another milestone in Michigan-Illinois rivalry which has produced some of the
most thrilling games in Big Ten history. (Associated Press Photo)

Michigan's Wolverines took the University of Illinois footbatr team into camp Saturday 7 to 6, thereby
tightening their hold on the Big Ten Conference lead and continuing their two-year winning streak. The
closely fought victory marked another milestone in Michigan-Illinois rivalry which has produced some of the
most thrilling games in Big Ten history. (Associated Press Photo)

Michigan's Wolverines took the University of Illinois footbatr team into camp Saturday 7 to 6, thereby
tightening their hold on the Big Ten Conference lead and continuing their two-year winning streak. The
closely fought victory marked another milestone in Michigan-Illinois rivalry which has produced some of the
most thrilling games in Big Ten history. (Associated Press Photo)

Michigan's Wolverines took the University of Illinois footbatr team into camp Saturday 7 to 6, thereby
tightening their hold on the Big Ten Conference lead and continuing their two-year winning streak. The
closely fought victory marked another milestone in Michigan-Illinois rivalry which has produced some of the
most thrilling games in Big Ten history. (Associated Press Photo)

Michigan's Wolverines took the University of Illinois footbatr team into camp Saturday 7 to 6, thereby
tightening their hold on the Big Ten Conference lead and continuing their two-year winning streak. The
closely fought victory marked another milestone in Michigan-Illinois rivalry which has produced some of the
most thrilling games in Big Ten history. (Associated Press Photo)

Michigan's Wolverines took the University of Illinois footbatr team into camp Saturday 7 to 6, thereby
tightening their hold on the Big Ten Conference lead and continuing their two-year winning streak. The
closely fought victory marked another milestone in Michigan-Illinois rivalry which has produced some of the
most thrilling games in Big Ten history. (Associated Press Photo)

Michigan's Wolverines took the University of Illinois footbatr team into camp Saturday 7 to 6, thereby
tightening their hold on the Big Ten Conference lead and continuing their two-year winning streak. The
closely fought victory marked another milestone in Michigan-Illinois rivalry which has produced some of the
most thrilling games in Big Ten history. (Associated Press Photo)

Michigan's Wolverines took the University of Illinois footbatr team into camp Saturday 7 to 6, thereby
tightening their hold on the Big Ten Conference lead and continuing their two-year winning streak. The
closely fought victory marked another milestone in Michigan-Illinois rivalry which has produced some of the
most thrilling games in Big Ten history. (Associated Press Photo)

Michigan's Wolverines took the University of Illinois footbatr team into camp Saturday 7 to 6, thereby
tightening their hold on the Big Ten Conference lead and continuing their two-year winning streak. The
closely fought victory marked another milestone in Michigan-Illinois rivalry which has produced some of the
most thrilling games in Big Ten history. (Associated Press Photo)

Michigan's Wolverines took the University of Illinois footbatr team into camp Saturday 7 to 6, thereby
tightening their hold on the Big Ten Conference lead and continuing their two-year winning streak. The
closely fought victory marked another milestone in Michigan-Illinois rivalry which has produced some of the
most thrilling games in Big Ten history. (Associated Press Photo)

Michigan's Wolverines took the University of Illinois footbatr team into camp Saturday 7 to 6, thereby
tightening their hold on the Big Ten Conference lead and continuing their two-year winning streak. The
closely fought victory marked another milestone in Michigan-Illinois rivalry which has produced some of the
most thrilling games in Big Ten history. (Associated Press Photo)

Michigan's Wolverines took the University of Illinois footbatr team into camp Saturday 7 to 6, thereby
tightening their hold on the Big Ten Conference lead and continuing their two-year winning streak. The
closely fought victory marked another milestone in Michigan-Illinois rivalry which has produced some of the
most thrilling games in Big Ten history. (Associated Press Photo)
