# Out In the Open
## 
### 
The values of an open air theater
commend themselves again, and in
sistently. Keeping stride with oft
repeated expressions of enthusiasm
from all the four corners of the com
munity, we feel good. We think that
the happy dream is about due to come
down out of the clouds, and linger on
some hillside, or in some shaded nook
on the campus.
* * * *
Full development of artistic under
standing, enjoyment of public gather
ings, and participating in some uni
versity communions can't be had in
side four walls and a roof. They need
the open air, and the blue sky, and all
the rest of those aesthetic garnish
ments.
* * * *
So we need a location out of doors,
—a hillside amphitheater, a rustic pa
vilion, or a classic Greek theater.
Anything that will carry us, and our
troubles, and our spectacle plays, and
music festivals, and rallies, and lec
turers out into the ether. Where we
can tune up with the infinite, and in
hale pleasure along with the fresh air.
* * * *
Necessary elements for a campaign
are all at hand. Sword and Sandals is
strong for the notion; so are the
English Club, Ram's Head, Masquers,
President Branner, the Public Exer
cises Committee, and scores of other
faculty people and students. They
want the open air air shrine, for en
joyment, for the good of their souls,
and for fun.
* * * *
Representatives of the interests
named above will be asked to meet
together, to devise plans, and agree
upon a site, and to figure some ways
and means. Maybe they will favor a
simple structure of wood, earth, and
greenery. Perhaps it will be more
stately, built of concrete. And it may
be located near Lagunita, or between
the Union and Clubhouse, or over on
the Estate, or in the shade of the
Arboretum.
* * * *
Concerning friendly lifts: The
Trustees will be asked to contribute.
With the inauguration of Dr. Wilbur,
and the anniversary exercises on the
calendar, they will be in good humor
to help secure a suitable convention
place. Many worthy and wealthy resi
dents on the Peninsula will be keen
for helping to construct a worthy site
for plays, pageants, and concerts.
Some hundreds of students will he
ready to approve substantially. It
sounds good. It will be better. That's
why we hope some heads will get to
gether real soon, and give us the
theater.
The values of an open air theater
commend themselves again, and in
sistently. Keeping stride with oft
repeated expressions of enthusiasm
from all the four corners of the com
munity, we feel good. We think that
the happy dream is about due to come
down out of the clouds, and linger on
some hillside, or in some shaded nook
on the campus.
* * * *
Full development of artistic under
standing, enjoyment of public gather
ings, and participating in some uni
versity communions can't be had in
side four walls and a roof. They need
the open air, and the blue sky, and all
the rest of those aesthetic garnish
ments.
* * * *
So we need a location out of doors,
—a hillside amphitheater, a rustic pa
vilion, or a classic Greek theater.
Anything that will carry us, and our
troubles, and our spectacle plays, and
music festivals, and rallies, and lec
turers out into the ether. Where we
can tune up with the infinite, and in
hale pleasure along with the fresh air.
* * * *
Necessary elements for a campaign
are all at hand. Sword and Sandals is
strong for the notion; so are the
English Club, Ram's Head, Masquers,
President Branner, the Public Exer
cises Committee, and scores of other
faculty people and students. They
want the open air air shrine, for en
joyment, for the good of their souls,
and for fun.
* * * *
Representatives of the interests
named above will be asked to meet
together, to devise plans, and agree
upon a site, and to figure some ways
and means. Maybe they will favor a
simple structure of wood, earth, and
greenery. Perhaps it will be more
stately, built of concrete. And it may
be located near Lagunita, or between
the Union and Clubhouse, or over on
the Estate, or in the shade of the
Arboretum.
* * * *
Concerning friendly lifts: The
Trustees will be asked to contribute.
With the inauguration of Dr. Wilbur,
and the anniversary exercises on the
calendar, they will be in good humor
to help secure a suitable convention
place. Many worthy and wealthy resi
dents on the Peninsula will be keen
for helping to construct a worthy site
for plays, pageants, and concerts.
Some hundreds of students will he
ready to approve substantially. It
sounds good. It will be better. That's
why we hope some heads will get to
gether real soon, and give us the
theater.
The values of an open air theater
commend themselves again, and in
sistently. Keeping stride with oft
repeated expressions of enthusiasm
from all the four corners of the com
munity, we feel good. We think that
the happy dream is about due to come
down out of the clouds, and linger on
some hillside, or in some shaded nook
on the campus.
* * * *
Full development of artistic under
standing, enjoyment of public gather
ings, and participating in some uni
versity communions can't be had in
side four walls and a roof. They need
the open air, and the blue sky, and all
the rest of those aesthetic garnish
ments.
* * * *
So we need a location out of doors,
—a hillside amphitheater, a rustic pa
vilion, or a classic Greek theater.
Anything that will carry us, and our
troubles, and our spectacle plays, and
music festivals, and rallies, and lec
turers out into the ether. Where we
can tune up with the infinite, and in
hale pleasure along with the fresh air.
* * * *
Necessary elements for a campaign
are all at hand. Sword and Sandals is
strong for the notion; so are the
English Club, Ram's Head, Masquers,
President Branner, the Public Exer
cises Committee, and scores of other
faculty people and students. They
want the open air air shrine, for en
joyment, for the good of their souls,
and for fun.
* * * *
Representatives of the interests
named above will be asked to meet
together, to devise plans, and agree
upon a site, and to figure some ways
and means. Maybe they will favor a
simple structure of wood, earth, and
greenery. Perhaps it will be more
stately, built of concrete. And it may
be located near Lagunita, or between
the Union and Clubhouse, or over on
the Estate, or in the shade of the
Arboretum.
* * * *
Concerning friendly lifts: The
Trustees will be asked to contribute.
With the inauguration of Dr. Wilbur,
and the anniversary exercises on the
calendar, they will be in good humor
to help secure a suitable convention
place. Many worthy and wealthy resi
dents on the Peninsula will be keen
for helping to construct a worthy site
for plays, pageants, and concerts.
Some hundreds of students will he
ready to approve substantially. It
sounds good. It will be better. That's
why we hope some heads will get to
gether real soon, and give us the
theater.
The values of an open air theater
commend themselves again, and in
sistently. Keeping stride with oft
repeated expressions of enthusiasm
from all the four corners of the com
munity, we feel good. We think that
the happy dream is about due to come
down out of the clouds, and linger on
some hillside, or in some shaded nook
on the campus.
* * * *
Full development of artistic under
standing, enjoyment of public gather
ings, and participating in some uni
versity communions can't be had in
side four walls and a roof. They need
the open air, and the blue sky, and all
the rest of those aesthetic garnish
ments.
* * * *
So we need a location out of doors,
—a hillside amphitheater, a rustic pa
vilion, or a classic Greek theater.
Anything that will carry us, and our
troubles, and our spectacle plays, and
music festivals, and rallies, and lec
turers out into the ether. Where we
can tune up with the infinite, and in
hale pleasure along with the fresh air.
* * * *
Necessary elements for a campaign
are all at hand. Sword and Sandals is
strong for the notion; so are the
English Club, Ram's Head, Masquers,
President Branner, the Public Exer
cises Committee, and scores of other
faculty people and students. They
want the open air air shrine, for en
joyment, for the good of their souls,
and for fun.
* * * *
Representatives of the interests
named above will be asked to meet
together, to devise plans, and agree
upon a site, and to figure some ways
and means. Maybe they will favor a
simple structure of wood, earth, and
greenery. Perhaps it will be more
stately, built of concrete. And it may
be located near Lagunita, or between
the Union and Clubhouse, or over on
the Estate, or in the shade of the
Arboretum.
* * * *
Concerning friendly lifts: The
Trustees will be asked to contribute.
With the inauguration of Dr. Wilbur,
and the anniversary exercises on the
calendar, they will be in good humor
to help secure a suitable convention
place. Many worthy and wealthy resi
dents on the Peninsula will be keen
for helping to construct a worthy site
for plays, pageants, and concerts.
Some hundreds of students will he
ready to approve substantially. It
sounds good. It will be better. That's
why we hope some heads will get to
gether real soon, and give us the
theater.
The values of an open air theater
commend themselves again, and in
sistently. Keeping stride with oft
repeated expressions of enthusiasm
from all the four corners of the com
munity, we feel good. We think that
the happy dream is about due to come
down out of the clouds, and linger on
some hillside, or in some shaded nook
on the campus.
* * * *
Full development of artistic under
standing, enjoyment of public gather
ings, and participating in some uni
versity communions can't be had in
side four walls and a roof. They need
the open air, and the blue sky, and all
the rest of those aesthetic garnish
ments.
* * * *
So we need a location out of doors,
—a hillside amphitheater, a rustic pa
vilion, or a classic Greek theater.
Anything that will carry us, and our
troubles, and our spectacle plays, and
music festivals, and rallies, and lec
turers out into the ether. Where we
can tune up with the infinite, and in
hale pleasure along with the fresh air.
* * * *
Necessary elements for a campaign
are all at hand. Sword and Sandals is
strong for the notion; so are the
English Club, Ram's Head, Masquers,
President Branner, the Public Exer
cises Committee, and scores of other
faculty people and students. They
want the open air air shrine, for en
joyment, for the good of their souls,
and for fun.
* * * *
Representatives of the interests
named above will be asked to meet
together, to devise plans, and agree
upon a site, and to figure some ways
and means. Maybe they will favor a
simple structure of wood, earth, and
greenery. Perhaps it will be more
stately, built of concrete. And it may
be located near Lagunita, or between
the Union and Clubhouse, or over on
the Estate, or in the shade of the
Arboretum.
* * * *
Concerning friendly lifts: The
Trustees will be asked to contribute.
With the inauguration of Dr. Wilbur,
and the anniversary exercises on the
calendar, they will be in good humor
to help secure a suitable convention
place. Many worthy and wealthy resi
dents on the Peninsula will be keen
for helping to construct a worthy site
for plays, pageants, and concerts.
Some hundreds of students will he
ready to approve substantially. It
sounds good. It will be better. That's
why we hope some heads will get to
gether real soon, and give us the
theater.
The values of an open air theater
commend themselves again, and in
sistently. Keeping stride with oft
repeated expressions of enthusiasm
from all the four corners of the com
munity, we feel good. We think that
the happy dream is about due to come
down out of the clouds, and linger on
some hillside, or in some shaded nook
on the campus.
* * * *
Full development of artistic under
standing, enjoyment of public gather
ings, and participating in some uni
versity communions can't be had in
side four walls and a roof. They need
the open air, and the blue sky, and all
the rest of those aesthetic garnish
ments.
* * * *
So we need a location out of doors,
—a hillside amphitheater, a rustic pa
vilion, or a classic Greek theater.
Anything that will carry us, and our
troubles, and our spectacle plays, and
music festivals, and rallies, and lec
turers out into the ether. Where we
can tune up with the infinite, and in
hale pleasure along with the fresh air.
* * * *
Necessary elements for a campaign
are all at hand. Sword and Sandals is
strong for the notion; so are the
English Club, Ram's Head, Masquers,
President Branner, the Public Exer
cises Committee, and scores of other
faculty people and students. They
want the open air air shrine, for en
joyment, for the good of their souls,
and for fun.
* * * *
Representatives of the interests
named above will be asked to meet
together, to devise plans, and agree
upon a site, and to figure some ways
and means. Maybe they will favor a
simple structure of wood, earth, and
greenery. Perhaps it will be more
stately, built of concrete. And it may
be located near Lagunita, or between
the Union and Clubhouse, or over on
the Estate, or in the shade of the
Arboretum.
* * * *
Concerning friendly lifts: The
Trustees will be asked to contribute.
With the inauguration of Dr. Wilbur,
and the anniversary exercises on the
calendar, they will be in good humor
to help secure a suitable convention
place. Many worthy and wealthy resi
dents on the Peninsula will be keen
for helping to construct a worthy site
for plays, pageants, and concerts.
Some hundreds of students will he
ready to approve substantially. It
sounds good. It will be better. That's
why we hope some heads will get to
gether real soon, and give us the
theater.
The values of an open air theater
commend themselves again, and in
sistently. Keeping stride with oft
repeated expressions of enthusiasm
from all the four corners of the com
munity, we feel good. We think that
the happy dream is about due to come
down out of the clouds, and linger on
some hillside, or in some shaded nook
on the campus.
* * * *
Full development of artistic under
standing, enjoyment of public gather
ings, and participating in some uni
versity communions can't be had in
side four walls and a roof. They need
the open air, and the blue sky, and all
the rest of those aesthetic garnish
ments.
* * * *
So we need a location out of doors,
—a hillside amphitheater, a rustic pa
vilion, or a classic Greek theater.
Anything that will carry us, and our
troubles, and our spectacle plays, and
music festivals, and rallies, and lec
turers out into the ether. Where we
can tune up with the infinite, and in
hale pleasure along with the fresh air.
* * * *
Necessary elements for a campaign
are all at hand. Sword and Sandals is
strong for the notion; so are the
English Club, Ram's Head, Masquers,
President Branner, the Public Exer
cises Committee, and scores of other
faculty people and students. They
want the open air air shrine, for en
joyment, for the good of their souls,
and for fun.
* * * *
Representatives of the interests
named above will be asked to meet
together, to devise plans, and agree
upon a site, and to figure some ways
and means. Maybe they will favor a
simple structure of wood, earth, and
greenery. Perhaps it will be more
stately, built of concrete. And it may
be located near Lagunita, or between
the Union and Clubhouse, or over on
the Estate, or in the shade of the
Arboretum.
* * * *
Concerning friendly lifts: The
Trustees will be asked to contribute.
With the inauguration of Dr. Wilbur,
and the anniversary exercises on the
calendar, they will be in good humor
to help secure a suitable convention
place. Many worthy and wealthy resi
dents on the Peninsula will be keen
for helping to construct a worthy site
for plays, pageants, and concerts.
Some hundreds of students will he
ready to approve substantially. It
sounds good. It will be better. That's
why we hope some heads will get to
gether real soon, and give us the
theater.
The values of an open air theater
commend themselves again, and in
sistently. Keeping stride with oft
repeated expressions of enthusiasm
from all the four corners of the com
munity, we feel good. We think that
the happy dream is about due to come
down out of the clouds, and linger on
some hillside, or in some shaded nook
on the campus.
* * * *
Full development of artistic under
standing, enjoyment of public gather
ings, and participating in some uni
versity communions can't be had in
side four walls and a roof. They need
the open air, and the blue sky, and all
the rest of those aesthetic garnish
ments.
* * * *
So we need a location out of doors,
—a hillside amphitheater, a rustic pa
vilion, or a classic Greek theater.
Anything that will carry us, and our
troubles, and our spectacle plays, and
music festivals, and rallies, and lec
turers out into the ether. Where we
can tune up with the infinite, and in
hale pleasure along with the fresh air.
* * * *
Necessary elements for a campaign
are all at hand. Sword and Sandals is
strong for the notion; so are the
English Club, Ram's Head, Masquers,
President Branner, the Public Exer
cises Committee, and scores of other
faculty people and students. They
want the open air air shrine, for en
joyment, for the good of their souls,
and for fun.
* * * *
Representatives of the interests
named above will be asked to meet
together, to devise plans, and agree
upon a site, and to figure some ways
and means. Maybe they will favor a
simple structure of wood, earth, and
greenery. Perhaps it will be more
stately, built of concrete. And it may
be located near Lagunita, or between
the Union and Clubhouse, or over on
the Estate, or in the shade of the
Arboretum.
* * * *
Concerning friendly lifts: The
Trustees will be asked to contribute.
With the inauguration of Dr. Wilbur,
and the anniversary exercises on the
calendar, they will be in good humor
to help secure a suitable convention
place. Many worthy and wealthy resi
dents on the Peninsula will be keen
for helping to construct a worthy site
for plays, pageants, and concerts.
Some hundreds of students will he
ready to approve substantially. It
sounds good. It will be better. That's
why we hope some heads will get to
gether real soon, and give us the
theater.
The values of an open air theater
commend themselves again, and in
sistently. Keeping stride with oft
repeated expressions of enthusiasm
from all the four corners of the com
munity, we feel good. We think that
the happy dream is about due to come
down out of the clouds, and linger on
some hillside, or in some shaded nook
on the campus.
* * * *
Full development of artistic under
standing, enjoyment of public gather
ings, and participating in some uni
versity communions can't be had in
side four walls and a roof. They need
the open air, and the blue sky, and all
the rest of those aesthetic garnish
ments.
* * * *
So we need a location out of doors,
—a hillside amphitheater, a rustic pa
vilion, or a classic Greek theater.
Anything that will carry us, and our
troubles, and our spectacle plays, and
music festivals, and rallies, and lec
turers out into the ether. Where we
can tune up with the infinite, and in
hale pleasure along with the fresh air.
* * * *
Necessary elements for a campaign
are all at hand. Sword and Sandals is
strong for the notion; so are the
English Club, Ram's Head, Masquers,
President Branner, the Public Exer
cises Committee, and scores of other
faculty people and students. They
want the open air air shrine, for en
joyment, for the good of their souls,
and for fun.
* * * *
Representatives of the interests
named above will be asked to meet
together, to devise plans, and agree
upon a site, and to figure some ways
and means. Maybe they will favor a
simple structure of wood, earth, and
greenery. Perhaps it will be more
stately, built of concrete. And it may
be located near Lagunita, or between
the Union and Clubhouse, or over on
the Estate, or in the shade of the
Arboretum.
* * * *
Concerning friendly lifts: The
Trustees will be asked to contribute.
With the inauguration of Dr. Wilbur,
and the anniversary exercises on the
calendar, they will be in good humor
to help secure a suitable convention
place. Many worthy and wealthy resi
dents on the Peninsula will be keen
for helping to construct a worthy site
for plays, pageants, and concerts.
Some hundreds of students will he
ready to approve substantially. It
sounds good. It will be better. That's
why we hope some heads will get to
gether real soon, and give us the
theater.
The values of an open air theater
commend themselves again, and in
sistently. Keeping stride with oft
repeated expressions of enthusiasm
from all the four corners of the com
munity, we feel good. We think that
the happy dream is about due to come
down out of the clouds, and linger on
some hillside, or in some shaded nook
on the campus.
* * * *
Full development of artistic under
standing, enjoyment of public gather
ings, and participating in some uni
versity communions can't be had in
side four walls and a roof. They need
the open air, and the blue sky, and all
the rest of those aesthetic garnish
ments.
* * * *
So we need a location out of doors,
—a hillside amphitheater, a rustic pa
vilion, or a classic Greek theater.
Anything that will carry us, and our
troubles, and our spectacle plays, and
music festivals, and rallies, and lec
turers out into the ether. Where we
can tune up with the infinite, and in
hale pleasure along with the fresh air.
* * * *
Necessary elements for a campaign
are all at hand. Sword and Sandals is
strong for the notion; so are the
English Club, Ram's Head, Masquers,
President Branner, the Public Exer
cises Committee, and scores of other
faculty people and students. They
want the open air air shrine, for en
joyment, for the good of their souls,
and for fun.
* * * *
Representatives of the interests
named above will be asked to meet
together, to devise plans, and agree
upon a site, and to figure some ways
and means. Maybe they will favor a
simple structure of wood, earth, and
greenery. Perhaps it will be more
stately, built of concrete. And it may
be located near Lagunita, or between
the Union and Clubhouse, or over on
the Estate, or in the shade of the
Arboretum.
* * * *
Concerning friendly lifts: The
Trustees will be asked to contribute.
With the inauguration of Dr. Wilbur,
and the anniversary exercises on the
calendar, they will be in good humor
to help secure a suitable convention
place. Many worthy and wealthy resi
dents on the Peninsula will be keen
for helping to construct a worthy site
for plays, pageants, and concerts.
Some hundreds of students will he
ready to approve substantially. It
sounds good. It will be better. That's
why we hope some heads will get to
gether real soon, and give us the
theater.
The values of an open air theater
commend themselves again, and in
sistently. Keeping stride with oft
repeated expressions of enthusiasm
from all the four corners of the com
munity, we feel good. We think that
the happy dream is about due to come
down out of the clouds, and linger on
some hillside, or in some shaded nook
on the campus.
* * * *
Full development of artistic under
standing, enjoyment of public gather
ings, and participating in some uni
versity communions can't be had in
side four walls and a roof. They need
the open air, and the blue sky, and all
the rest of those aesthetic garnish
ments.
* * * *
So we need a location out of doors,
—a hillside amphitheater, a rustic pa
vilion, or a classic Greek theater.
Anything that will carry us, and our
troubles, and our spectacle plays, and
music festivals, and rallies, and lec
turers out into the ether. Where we
can tune up with the infinite, and in
hale pleasure along with the fresh air.
* * * *
Necessary elements for a campaign
are all at hand. Sword and Sandals is
strong for the notion; so are the
English Club, Ram's Head, Masquers,
President Branner, the Public Exer
cises Committee, and scores of other
faculty people and students. They
want the open air air shrine, for en
joyment, for the good of their souls,
and for fun.
* * * *
Representatives of the interests
named above will be asked to meet
together, to devise plans, and agree
upon a site, and to figure some ways
and means. Maybe they will favor a
simple structure of wood, earth, and
greenery. Perhaps it will be more
stately, built of concrete. And it may
be located near Lagunita, or between
the Union and Clubhouse, or over on
the Estate, or in the shade of the
Arboretum.
* * * *
Concerning friendly lifts: The
Trustees will be asked to contribute.
With the inauguration of Dr. Wilbur,
and the anniversary exercises on the
calendar, they will be in good humor
to help secure a suitable convention
place. Many worthy and wealthy resi
dents on the Peninsula will be keen
for helping to construct a worthy site
for plays, pageants, and concerts.
Some hundreds of students will he
ready to approve substantially. It
sounds good. It will be better. That's
why we hope some heads will get to
gether real soon, and give us the
theater.
The values of an open air theater
commend themselves again, and in
sistently. Keeping stride with oft
repeated expressions of enthusiasm
from all the four corners of the com
munity, we feel good. We think that
the happy dream is about due to come
down out of the clouds, and linger on
some hillside, or in some shaded nook
on the campus.
* * * *
Full development of artistic under
standing, enjoyment of public gather
ings, and participating in some uni
versity communions can't be had in
side four walls and a roof. They need
the open air, and the blue sky, and all
the rest of those aesthetic garnish
ments.
* * * *
So we need a location out of doors,
—a hillside amphitheater, a rustic pa
vilion, or a classic Greek theater.
Anything that will carry us, and our
troubles, and our spectacle plays, and
music festivals, and rallies, and lec
turers out into the ether. Where we
can tune up with the infinite, and in
hale pleasure along with the fresh air.
* * * *
Necessary elements for a campaign
are all at hand. Sword and Sandals is
strong for the notion; so are the
English Club, Ram's Head, Masquers,
President Branner, the Public Exer
cises Committee, and scores of other
faculty people and students. They
want the open air air shrine, for en
joyment, for the good of their souls,
and for fun.
* * * *
Representatives of the interests
named above will be asked to meet
together, to devise plans, and agree
upon a site, and to figure some ways
and means. Maybe they will favor a
simple structure of wood, earth, and
greenery. Perhaps it will be more
stately, built of concrete. And it may
be located near Lagunita, or between
the Union and Clubhouse, or over on
the Estate, or in the shade of the
Arboretum.
* * * *
Concerning friendly lifts: The
Trustees will be asked to contribute.
With the inauguration of Dr. Wilbur,
and the anniversary exercises on the
calendar, they will be in good humor
to help secure a suitable convention
place. Many worthy and wealthy resi
dents on the Peninsula will be keen
for helping to construct a worthy site
for plays, pageants, and concerts.
Some hundreds of students will he
ready to approve substantially. It
sounds good. It will be better. That's
why we hope some heads will get to
gether real soon, and give us the
theater.
The values of an open air theater
commend themselves again, and in
sistently. Keeping stride with oft
repeated expressions of enthusiasm
from all the four corners of the com
munity, we feel good. We think that
the happy dream is about due to come
down out of the clouds, and linger on
some hillside, or in some shaded nook
on the campus.
* * * *
Full development of artistic under
standing, enjoyment of public gather
ings, and participating in some uni
versity communions can't be had in
side four walls and a roof. They need
the open air, and the blue sky, and all
the rest of those aesthetic garnish
ments.
* * * *
So we need a location out of doors,
—a hillside amphitheater, a rustic pa
vilion, or a classic Greek theater.
Anything that will carry us, and our
troubles, and our spectacle plays, and
music festivals, and rallies, and lec
turers out into the ether. Where we
can tune up with the infinite, and in
hale pleasure along with the fresh air.
* * * *
Necessary elements for a campaign
are all at hand. Sword and Sandals is
strong for the notion; so are the
English Club, Ram's Head, Masquers,
President Branner, the Public Exer
cises Committee, and scores of other
faculty people and students. They
want the open air air shrine, for en
joyment, for the good of their souls,
and for fun.
* * * *
Representatives of the interests
named above will be asked to meet
together, to devise plans, and agree
upon a site, and to figure some ways
and means. Maybe they will favor a
simple structure of wood, earth, and
greenery. Perhaps it will be more
stately, built of concrete. And it may
be located near Lagunita, or between
the Union and Clubhouse, or over on
the Estate, or in the shade of the
Arboretum.
* * * *
Concerning friendly lifts: The
Trustees will be asked to contribute.
With the inauguration of Dr. Wilbur,
and the anniversary exercises on the
calendar, they will be in good humor
to help secure a suitable convention
place. Many worthy and wealthy resi
dents on the Peninsula will be keen
for helping to construct a worthy site
for plays, pageants, and concerts.
Some hundreds of students will he
ready to approve substantially. It
sounds good. It will be better. That's
why we hope some heads will get to
gether real soon, and give us the
theater.
