# Wilbur Banquet Friday Night
## 
### 
President-elect Wilbur will lie
entertained by Stanford tnen,
alumni and students at the San
Francisco Press Club Friday even
ing. An informal dinner will take
place at N:ir». All Stanford stu
dents and professors are invited.
The Press Club is located on the
corner of Powell and Sutter
streets. Places may lie reserved
by notifying J. E. McDowell; the
plates will be $1.25.
President-elect Wilbur will lie
entertained by Stanford tnen,
alumni and students at the San
Francisco Press Club Friday even
ing. An informal dinner will take
place at N:ir». All Stanford stu
dents and professors are invited.
The Press Club is located on the
corner of Powell and Sutter
streets. Places may lie reserved
by notifying J. E. McDowell; the
plates will be $1.25.
President-elect Wilbur will lie
entertained by Stanford tnen,
alumni and students at the San
Francisco Press Club Friday even
ing. An informal dinner will take
place at N:ir». All Stanford stu
dents and professors are invited.
The Press Club is located on the
corner of Powell and Sutter
streets. Places may lie reserved
by notifying J. E. McDowell; the
plates will be $1.25.
President-elect Wilbur will lie
entertained by Stanford tnen,
alumni and students at the San
Francisco Press Club Friday even
ing. An informal dinner will take
place at N:ir». All Stanford stu
dents and professors are invited.
The Press Club is located on the
corner of Powell and Sutter
streets. Places may lie reserved
by notifying J. E. McDowell; the
plates will be $1.25.
President-elect Wilbur will lie
entertained by Stanford tnen,
alumni and students at the San
Francisco Press Club Friday even
ing. An informal dinner will take
place at N:ir». All Stanford stu
dents and professors are invited.
The Press Club is located on the
corner of Powell and Sutter
streets. Places may lie reserved
by notifying J. E. McDowell; the
plates will be $1.25.
President-elect Wilbur will lie
entertained by Stanford tnen,
alumni and students at the San
Francisco Press Club Friday even
ing. An informal dinner will take
place at N:ir». All Stanford stu
dents and professors are invited.
The Press Club is located on the
corner of Powell and Sutter
streets. Places may lie reserved
by notifying J. E. McDowell; the
plates will be $1.25.
President-elect Wilbur will lie
entertained by Stanford tnen,
alumni and students at the San
Francisco Press Club Friday even
ing. An informal dinner will take
place at N:ir». All Stanford stu
dents and professors are invited.
The Press Club is located on the
corner of Powell and Sutter
streets. Places may lie reserved
by notifying J. E. McDowell; the
plates will be $1.25.
President-elect Wilbur will lie
entertained by Stanford tnen,
alumni and students at the San
Francisco Press Club Friday even
ing. An informal dinner will take
place at N:ir». All Stanford stu
dents and professors are invited.
The Press Club is located on the
corner of Powell and Sutter
streets. Places may lie reserved
by notifying J. E. McDowell; the
plates will be $1.25.
President-elect Wilbur will lie
entertained by Stanford tnen,
alumni and students at the San
Francisco Press Club Friday even
ing. An informal dinner will take
place at N:ir». All Stanford stu
dents and professors are invited.
The Press Club is located on the
corner of Powell and Sutter
streets. Places may lie reserved
by notifying J. E. McDowell; the
plates will be $1.25.
President-elect Wilbur will lie
entertained by Stanford tnen,
alumni and students at the San
Francisco Press Club Friday even
ing. An informal dinner will take
place at N:ir». All Stanford stu
dents and professors are invited.
The Press Club is located on the
corner of Powell and Sutter
streets. Places may lie reserved
by notifying J. E. McDowell; the
plates will be $1.25.
President-elect Wilbur will lie
entertained by Stanford tnen,
alumni and students at the San
Francisco Press Club Friday even
ing. An informal dinner will take
place at N:ir». All Stanford stu
dents and professors are invited.
The Press Club is located on the
corner of Powell and Sutter
streets. Places may lie reserved
by notifying J. E. McDowell; the
plates will be $1.25.
President-elect Wilbur will lie
entertained by Stanford tnen,
alumni and students at the San
Francisco Press Club Friday even
ing. An informal dinner will take
place at N:ir». All Stanford stu
dents and professors are invited.
The Press Club is located on the
corner of Powell and Sutter
streets. Places may lie reserved
by notifying J. E. McDowell; the
plates will be $1.25.
President-elect Wilbur will lie
entertained by Stanford tnen,
alumni and students at the San
Francisco Press Club Friday even
ing. An informal dinner will take
place at N:ir». All Stanford stu
dents and professors are invited.
The Press Club is located on the
corner of Powell and Sutter
streets. Places may lie reserved
by notifying J. E. McDowell; the
plates will be $1.25.
