# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Harvard University is negotiating
with Christy Mathewson as next year's
baseball coach.
Harvard University is negotiating
with Christy Mathewson as next year's
baseball coach.
Harvard University is negotiating
with Christy Mathewson as next year's
baseball coach.
Harvard University is negotiating
with Christy Mathewson as next year's
baseball coach.
Harvard University is negotiating
with Christy Mathewson as next year's
baseball coach.
Harvard University is negotiating
with Christy Mathewson as next year's
baseball coach.
Harvard University is negotiating
with Christy Mathewson as next year's
baseball coach.
Harvard University is negotiating
with Christy Mathewson as next year's
baseball coach.
Harvard University is negotiating
with Christy Mathewson as next year's
baseball coach.
Harvard University is negotiating
with Christy Mathewson as next year's
baseball coach.
Harvard University is negotiating
with Christy Mathewson as next year's
baseball coach.
Harvard University is negotiating
with Christy Mathewson as next year's
baseball coach.
Harvard University is negotiating
with Christy Mathewson as next year's
baseball coach.
