# APPLICATIONS FOR SCHOLARSHIPS WILL CLOSE TOMORROW
## 
### 
Tomorrow is the last (lay in which
applications will be received for the
three annual scholarships which will
be awarded early in the winter quar
ter. Those wishing to apply must
obtain blanks from the Registrar's
offce before tomorrow noon. . The
following request for applications has
been issued by the scholarship com
mittee:
"There are available for award at
the beginning of the winter quarter
two Marcell Henriette Rouiller, '15,
Memorial Tuition Scholarships, of
$120 each.
"There is also to be awarded the
Gertrude M. Gardiner Roble Scholar
ship for the year beginning December
1, 1920. This will amount to ap
proximately $155.
"Application for these scholarships
may be filed at any time before noon
of Friday, January 7 A 1921.
"Application blanks may bo obtain
ed at the Registrar's office."
Tomorrow is the last (lay in which
applications will be received for the
three annual scholarships which will
be awarded early in the winter quar
ter. Those wishing to apply must
obtain blanks from the Registrar's
offce before tomorrow noon. . The
following request for applications has
been issued by the scholarship com
mittee:
"There are available for award at
the beginning of the winter quarter
two Marcell Henriette Rouiller, '15,
Memorial Tuition Scholarships, of
$120 each.
"There is also to be awarded the
Gertrude M. Gardiner Roble Scholar
ship for the year beginning December
1, 1920. This will amount to ap
proximately $155.
"Application for these scholarships
may be filed at any time before noon
of Friday, January 7 A 1921.
"Application blanks may bo obtain
ed at the Registrar's office."
Tomorrow is the last (lay in which
applications will be received for the
three annual scholarships which will
be awarded early in the winter quar
ter. Those wishing to apply must
obtain blanks from the Registrar's
offce before tomorrow noon. . The
following request for applications has
been issued by the scholarship com
mittee:
"There are available for award at
the beginning of the winter quarter
two Marcell Henriette Rouiller, '15,
Memorial Tuition Scholarships, of
$120 each.
"There is also to be awarded the
Gertrude M. Gardiner Roble Scholar
ship for the year beginning December
1, 1920. This will amount to ap
proximately $155.
"Application for these scholarships
may be filed at any time before noon
of Friday, January 7 A 1921.
"Application blanks may bo obtain
ed at the Registrar's office."
Tomorrow is the last (lay in which
applications will be received for the
three annual scholarships which will
be awarded early in the winter quar
ter. Those wishing to apply must
obtain blanks from the Registrar's
offce before tomorrow noon. . The
following request for applications has
been issued by the scholarship com
mittee:
"There are available for award at
the beginning of the winter quarter
two Marcell Henriette Rouiller, '15,
Memorial Tuition Scholarships, of
$120 each.
"There is also to be awarded the
Gertrude M. Gardiner Roble Scholar
ship for the year beginning December
1, 1920. This will amount to ap
proximately $155.
"Application for these scholarships
may be filed at any time before noon
of Friday, January 7 A 1921.
"Application blanks may bo obtain
ed at the Registrar's office."
Tomorrow is the last (lay in which
applications will be received for the
three annual scholarships which will
be awarded early in the winter quar
ter. Those wishing to apply must
obtain blanks from the Registrar's
offce before tomorrow noon. . The
following request for applications has
been issued by the scholarship com
mittee:
"There are available for award at
the beginning of the winter quarter
two Marcell Henriette Rouiller, '15,
Memorial Tuition Scholarships, of
$120 each.
"There is also to be awarded the
Gertrude M. Gardiner Roble Scholar
ship for the year beginning December
1, 1920. This will amount to ap
proximately $155.
"Application for these scholarships
may be filed at any time before noon
of Friday, January 7 A 1921.
"Application blanks may bo obtain
ed at the Registrar's office."
Tomorrow is the last (lay in which
applications will be received for the
three annual scholarships which will
be awarded early in the winter quar
ter. Those wishing to apply must
obtain blanks from the Registrar's
offce before tomorrow noon. . The
following request for applications has
been issued by the scholarship com
mittee:
"There are available for award at
the beginning of the winter quarter
two Marcell Henriette Rouiller, '15,
Memorial Tuition Scholarships, of
$120 each.
"There is also to be awarded the
Gertrude M. Gardiner Roble Scholar
ship for the year beginning December
1, 1920. This will amount to ap
proximately $155.
"Application for these scholarships
may be filed at any time before noon
of Friday, January 7 A 1921.
"Application blanks may bo obtain
ed at the Registrar's office."
Tomorrow is the last (lay in which
applications will be received for the
three annual scholarships which will
be awarded early in the winter quar
ter. Those wishing to apply must
obtain blanks from the Registrar's
offce before tomorrow noon. . The
following request for applications has
been issued by the scholarship com
mittee:
"There are available for award at
the beginning of the winter quarter
two Marcell Henriette Rouiller, '15,
Memorial Tuition Scholarships, of
$120 each.
"There is also to be awarded the
Gertrude M. Gardiner Roble Scholar
ship for the year beginning December
1, 1920. This will amount to ap
proximately $155.
"Application for these scholarships
may be filed at any time before noon
of Friday, January 7 A 1921.
"Application blanks may bo obtain
ed at the Registrar's office."
Tomorrow is the last (lay in which
applications will be received for the
three annual scholarships which will
be awarded early in the winter quar
ter. Those wishing to apply must
obtain blanks from the Registrar's
offce before tomorrow noon. . The
following request for applications has
been issued by the scholarship com
mittee:
"There are available for award at
the beginning of the winter quarter
two Marcell Henriette Rouiller, '15,
Memorial Tuition Scholarships, of
$120 each.
"There is also to be awarded the
Gertrude M. Gardiner Roble Scholar
ship for the year beginning December
1, 1920. This will amount to ap
proximately $155.
"Application for these scholarships
may be filed at any time before noon
of Friday, January 7 A 1921.
"Application blanks may bo obtain
ed at the Registrar's office."
Tomorrow is the last (lay in which
applications will be received for the
three annual scholarships which will
be awarded early in the winter quar
ter. Those wishing to apply must
obtain blanks from the Registrar's
offce before tomorrow noon. . The
following request for applications has
been issued by the scholarship com
mittee:
"There are available for award at
the beginning of the winter quarter
two Marcell Henriette Rouiller, '15,
Memorial Tuition Scholarships, of
$120 each.
"There is also to be awarded the
Gertrude M. Gardiner Roble Scholar
ship for the year beginning December
1, 1920. This will amount to ap
proximately $155.
"Application for these scholarships
may be filed at any time before noon
of Friday, January 7 A 1921.
"Application blanks may bo obtain
ed at the Registrar's office."
Tomorrow is the last (lay in which
applications will be received for the
three annual scholarships which will
be awarded early in the winter quar
ter. Those wishing to apply must
obtain blanks from the Registrar's
offce before tomorrow noon. . The
following request for applications has
been issued by the scholarship com
mittee:
"There are available for award at
the beginning of the winter quarter
two Marcell Henriette Rouiller, '15,
Memorial Tuition Scholarships, of
$120 each.
"There is also to be awarded the
Gertrude M. Gardiner Roble Scholar
ship for the year beginning December
1, 1920. This will amount to ap
proximately $155.
"Application for these scholarships
may be filed at any time before noon
of Friday, January 7 A 1921.
"Application blanks may bo obtain
ed at the Registrar's office."
Tomorrow is the last (lay in which
applications will be received for the
three annual scholarships which will
be awarded early in the winter quar
ter. Those wishing to apply must
obtain blanks from the Registrar's
offce before tomorrow noon. . The
following request for applications has
been issued by the scholarship com
mittee:
"There are available for award at
the beginning of the winter quarter
two Marcell Henriette Rouiller, '15,
Memorial Tuition Scholarships, of
$120 each.
"There is also to be awarded the
Gertrude M. Gardiner Roble Scholar
ship for the year beginning December
1, 1920. This will amount to ap
proximately $155.
"Application for these scholarships
may be filed at any time before noon
of Friday, January 7 A 1921.
"Application blanks may bo obtain
ed at the Registrar's office."
Tomorrow is the last (lay in which
applications will be received for the
three annual scholarships which will
be awarded early in the winter quar
ter. Those wishing to apply must
obtain blanks from the Registrar's
offce before tomorrow noon. . The
following request for applications has
been issued by the scholarship com
mittee:
"There are available for award at
the beginning of the winter quarter
two Marcell Henriette Rouiller, '15,
Memorial Tuition Scholarships, of
$120 each.
"There is also to be awarded the
Gertrude M. Gardiner Roble Scholar
ship for the year beginning December
1, 1920. This will amount to ap
proximately $155.
"Application for these scholarships
may be filed at any time before noon
of Friday, January 7 A 1921.
"Application blanks may bo obtain
ed at the Registrar's office."
Tomorrow is the last (lay in which
applications will be received for the
three annual scholarships which will
be awarded early in the winter quar
ter. Those wishing to apply must
obtain blanks from the Registrar's
offce before tomorrow noon. . The
following request for applications has
been issued by the scholarship com
mittee:
"There are available for award at
the beginning of the winter quarter
two Marcell Henriette Rouiller, '15,
Memorial Tuition Scholarships, of
$120 each.
"There is also to be awarded the
Gertrude M. Gardiner Roble Scholar
ship for the year beginning December
1, 1920. This will amount to ap
proximately $155.
"Application for these scholarships
may be filed at any time before noon
of Friday, January 7 A 1921.
"Application blanks may bo obtain
ed at the Registrar's office."
