# Oregon Legislature To Consider Bonus
## 
### 
Soldiers' l>onus probably will be the
most important of proposed degislation
considered when the Oregon legislature
convenes here on January 10 in biennial
session.
The American Legion, department of
Oregon, will demand a law providing a
cash bonus of $15 per month of Service
between April 6, 1917, and November 11,
1919, or an alternative of a farm or
home loan ranging from $400 to $2,000,
depending on the length of service of
the veteran.
The Legion will also sponsor a bill
similar to the anti-Japanese law of Cal
ifornia, aimed to prevent land holding
by Orientals in Oregon.
Soldiers' l>onus probably will be the
most important of proposed degislation
considered when the Oregon legislature
convenes here on January 10 in biennial
session.
The American Legion, department of
Oregon, will demand a law providing a
cash bonus of $15 per month of Service
between April 6, 1917, and November 11,
1919, or an alternative of a farm or
home loan ranging from $400 to $2,000,
depending on the length of service of
the veteran.
The Legion will also sponsor a bill
similar to the anti-Japanese law of Cal
ifornia, aimed to prevent land holding
by Orientals in Oregon.
Soldiers' l>onus probably will be the
most important of proposed degislation
considered when the Oregon legislature
convenes here on January 10 in biennial
session.
The American Legion, department of
Oregon, will demand a law providing a
cash bonus of $15 per month of Service
between April 6, 1917, and November 11,
1919, or an alternative of a farm or
home loan ranging from $400 to $2,000,
depending on the length of service of
the veteran.
The Legion will also sponsor a bill
similar to the anti-Japanese law of Cal
ifornia, aimed to prevent land holding
by Orientals in Oregon.
Soldiers' l>onus probably will be the
most important of proposed degislation
considered when the Oregon legislature
convenes here on January 10 in biennial
session.
The American Legion, department of
Oregon, will demand a law providing a
cash bonus of $15 per month of Service
between April 6, 1917, and November 11,
1919, or an alternative of a farm or
home loan ranging from $400 to $2,000,
depending on the length of service of
the veteran.
The Legion will also sponsor a bill
similar to the anti-Japanese law of Cal
ifornia, aimed to prevent land holding
by Orientals in Oregon.
Soldiers' l>onus probably will be the
most important of proposed degislation
considered when the Oregon legislature
convenes here on January 10 in biennial
session.
The American Legion, department of
Oregon, will demand a law providing a
cash bonus of $15 per month of Service
between April 6, 1917, and November 11,
1919, or an alternative of a farm or
home loan ranging from $400 to $2,000,
depending on the length of service of
the veteran.
The Legion will also sponsor a bill
similar to the anti-Japanese law of Cal
ifornia, aimed to prevent land holding
by Orientals in Oregon.
Soldiers' l>onus probably will be the
most important of proposed degislation
considered when the Oregon legislature
convenes here on January 10 in biennial
session.
The American Legion, department of
Oregon, will demand a law providing a
cash bonus of $15 per month of Service
between April 6, 1917, and November 11,
1919, or an alternative of a farm or
home loan ranging from $400 to $2,000,
depending on the length of service of
the veteran.
The Legion will also sponsor a bill
similar to the anti-Japanese law of Cal
ifornia, aimed to prevent land holding
by Orientals in Oregon.
Soldiers' l>onus probably will be the
most important of proposed degislation
considered when the Oregon legislature
convenes here on January 10 in biennial
session.
The American Legion, department of
Oregon, will demand a law providing a
cash bonus of $15 per month of Service
between April 6, 1917, and November 11,
1919, or an alternative of a farm or
home loan ranging from $400 to $2,000,
depending on the length of service of
the veteran.
The Legion will also sponsor a bill
similar to the anti-Japanese law of Cal
ifornia, aimed to prevent land holding
by Orientals in Oregon.
Soldiers' l>onus probably will be the
most important of proposed degislation
considered when the Oregon legislature
convenes here on January 10 in biennial
session.
The American Legion, department of
Oregon, will demand a law providing a
cash bonus of $15 per month of Service
between April 6, 1917, and November 11,
1919, or an alternative of a farm or
home loan ranging from $400 to $2,000,
depending on the length of service of
the veteran.
The Legion will also sponsor a bill
similar to the anti-Japanese law of Cal
ifornia, aimed to prevent land holding
by Orientals in Oregon.
Soldiers' l>onus probably will be the
most important of proposed degislation
considered when the Oregon legislature
convenes here on January 10 in biennial
session.
The American Legion, department of
Oregon, will demand a law providing a
cash bonus of $15 per month of Service
between April 6, 1917, and November 11,
1919, or an alternative of a farm or
home loan ranging from $400 to $2,000,
depending on the length of service of
the veteran.
The Legion will also sponsor a bill
similar to the anti-Japanese law of Cal
ifornia, aimed to prevent land holding
by Orientals in Oregon.
Soldiers' l>onus probably will be the
most important of proposed degislation
considered when the Oregon legislature
convenes here on January 10 in biennial
session.
The American Legion, department of
Oregon, will demand a law providing a
cash bonus of $15 per month of Service
between April 6, 1917, and November 11,
1919, or an alternative of a farm or
home loan ranging from $400 to $2,000,
depending on the length of service of
the veteran.
The Legion will also sponsor a bill
similar to the anti-Japanese law of Cal
ifornia, aimed to prevent land holding
by Orientals in Oregon.
Soldiers' l>onus probably will be the
most important of proposed degislation
considered when the Oregon legislature
convenes here on January 10 in biennial
session.
The American Legion, department of
Oregon, will demand a law providing a
cash bonus of $15 per month of Service
between April 6, 1917, and November 11,
1919, or an alternative of a farm or
home loan ranging from $400 to $2,000,
depending on the length of service of
the veteran.
The Legion will also sponsor a bill
similar to the anti-Japanese law of Cal
ifornia, aimed to prevent land holding
by Orientals in Oregon.
Soldiers' l>onus probably will be the
most important of proposed degislation
considered when the Oregon legislature
convenes here on January 10 in biennial
session.
The American Legion, department of
Oregon, will demand a law providing a
cash bonus of $15 per month of Service
between April 6, 1917, and November 11,
1919, or an alternative of a farm or
home loan ranging from $400 to $2,000,
depending on the length of service of
the veteran.
The Legion will also sponsor a bill
similar to the anti-Japanese law of Cal
ifornia, aimed to prevent land holding
by Orientals in Oregon.
Soldiers' l>onus probably will be the
most important of proposed degislation
considered when the Oregon legislature
convenes here on January 10 in biennial
session.
The American Legion, department of
Oregon, will demand a law providing a
cash bonus of $15 per month of Service
between April 6, 1917, and November 11,
1919, or an alternative of a farm or
home loan ranging from $400 to $2,000,
depending on the length of service of
the veteran.
The Legion will also sponsor a bill
similar to the anti-Japanese law of Cal
ifornia, aimed to prevent land holding
by Orientals in Oregon.
