# Men to Hear About Motor-Boat Patrol
## Graduate of Annapolis to Give Facts Concerning This Branch of Service 
### 
Stanford men who are interested in
the motor boat patrol of the United
States Naval Reserve will be given
an opportunity to learn all about the
service Wednesday night, when C.
Willard Evans, Lieutenant U. S. N.,
retired, will speak in the Little
Theatre. The meeting will begin at
7:30 o'clock.
Lieut. Evans is a graduate of An
napolis, and is now in charge of the
recruiting for the United States Na
val Reserve force in San Francisco.
He will be prepared to tell all about
the service, as well as to answer all
questions about it.
Major Bugge has arranged his lec
tures this week so that there will be
no conflict with Lieutenant Evans'
I talk.
More than 30 Stanford men have al
ready signed up for the motor-boat
patrol, and a large number are now
contemplating making such a move.
