# Titian On Exhibit Today
## 
### 
An original Titian will be on ex
hibition in the Women's Club House
today from 3 to 5 o'clock. The paint
ing is loaned for the day by William
Crawford Anderson of Massachusetts,
who visited some of the art classes
last week. Titian puts more of the
human into his religious subjects
than many of the great painters of
his time, and this painting reflects
that spirit. It shows Christ raising
Lazarus from the dead.
An original Titian will be on ex
hibition in the Women's Club House
today from 3 to 5 o'clock. The paint
ing is loaned for the day by William
Crawford Anderson of Massachusetts,
who visited some of the art classes
last week. Titian puts more of the
human into his religious subjects
than many of the great painters of
his time, and this painting reflects
that spirit. It shows Christ raising
Lazarus from the dead.
An original Titian will be on ex
hibition in the Women's Club House
today from 3 to 5 o'clock. The paint
ing is loaned for the day by William
Crawford Anderson of Massachusetts,
who visited some of the art classes
last week. Titian puts more of the
human into his religious subjects
than many of the great painters of
his time, and this painting reflects
that spirit. It shows Christ raising
Lazarus from the dead.
An original Titian will be on ex
hibition in the Women's Club House
today from 3 to 5 o'clock. The paint
ing is loaned for the day by William
Crawford Anderson of Massachusetts,
who visited some of the art classes
last week. Titian puts more of the
human into his religious subjects
than many of the great painters of
his time, and this painting reflects
that spirit. It shows Christ raising
Lazarus from the dead.
An original Titian will be on ex
hibition in the Women's Club House
today from 3 to 5 o'clock. The paint
ing is loaned for the day by William
Crawford Anderson of Massachusetts,
who visited some of the art classes
last week. Titian puts more of the
human into his religious subjects
than many of the great painters of
his time, and this painting reflects
that spirit. It shows Christ raising
Lazarus from the dead.
An original Titian will be on ex
hibition in the Women's Club House
today from 3 to 5 o'clock. The paint
ing is loaned for the day by William
Crawford Anderson of Massachusetts,
who visited some of the art classes
last week. Titian puts more of the
human into his religious subjects
than many of the great painters of
his time, and this painting reflects
that spirit. It shows Christ raising
Lazarus from the dead.
An original Titian will be on ex
hibition in the Women's Club House
today from 3 to 5 o'clock. The paint
ing is loaned for the day by William
Crawford Anderson of Massachusetts,
who visited some of the art classes
last week. Titian puts more of the
human into his religious subjects
than many of the great painters of
his time, and this painting reflects
that spirit. It shows Christ raising
Lazarus from the dead.
An original Titian will be on ex
hibition in the Women's Club House
today from 3 to 5 o'clock. The paint
ing is loaned for the day by William
Crawford Anderson of Massachusetts,
who visited some of the art classes
last week. Titian puts more of the
human into his religious subjects
than many of the great painters of
his time, and this painting reflects
that spirit. It shows Christ raising
Lazarus from the dead.
An original Titian will be on ex
hibition in the Women's Club House
today from 3 to 5 o'clock. The paint
ing is loaned for the day by William
Crawford Anderson of Massachusetts,
who visited some of the art classes
last week. Titian puts more of the
human into his religious subjects
than many of the great painters of
his time, and this painting reflects
that spirit. It shows Christ raising
Lazarus from the dead.
An original Titian will be on ex
hibition in the Women's Club House
today from 3 to 5 o'clock. The paint
ing is loaned for the day by William
Crawford Anderson of Massachusetts,
who visited some of the art classes
last week. Titian puts more of the
human into his religious subjects
than many of the great painters of
his time, and this painting reflects
that spirit. It shows Christ raising
Lazarus from the dead.
An original Titian will be on ex
hibition in the Women's Club House
today from 3 to 5 o'clock. The paint
ing is loaned for the day by William
Crawford Anderson of Massachusetts,
who visited some of the art classes
last week. Titian puts more of the
human into his religious subjects
than many of the great painters of
his time, and this painting reflects
that spirit. It shows Christ raising
Lazarus from the dead.
An original Titian will be on ex
hibition in the Women's Club House
today from 3 to 5 o'clock. The paint
ing is loaned for the day by William
Crawford Anderson of Massachusetts,
who visited some of the art classes
last week. Titian puts more of the
human into his religious subjects
than many of the great painters of
his time, and this painting reflects
that spirit. It shows Christ raising
Lazarus from the dead.
An original Titian will be on ex
hibition in the Women's Club House
today from 3 to 5 o'clock. The paint
ing is loaned for the day by William
Crawford Anderson of Massachusetts,
who visited some of the art classes
last week. Titian puts more of the
human into his religious subjects
than many of the great painters of
his time, and this painting reflects
that spirit. It shows Christ raising
Lazarus from the dead.
An original Titian will be on ex
hibition in the Women's Club House
today from 3 to 5 o'clock. The paint
ing is loaned for the day by William
Crawford Anderson of Massachusetts,
who visited some of the art classes
last week. Titian puts more of the
human into his religious subjects
than many of the great painters of
his time, and this painting reflects
that spirit. It shows Christ raising
Lazarus from the dead.
An original Titian will be on ex
hibition in the Women's Club House
today from 3 to 5 o'clock. The paint
ing is loaned for the day by William
Crawford Anderson of Massachusetts,
who visited some of the art classes
last week. Titian puts more of the
human into his religious subjects
than many of the great painters of
his time, and this painting reflects
that spirit. It shows Christ raising
Lazarus from the dead.
