# Adv. 20 Page 6
## 
### 
"FOOTBALL
BASKETBALL
SWfMMENC
TRACK!"
O
SO GOES THE YELL
•
We arc here to satisfy
your sporting wants
Definitely in the line for
cheaper prices on first
class Merchandise
tt
Pierce Bicycles
© o e>
THE PALO ALTO
SPORT SHOP
520 Waverley St.
"FOOTBALL
BASKETBALL
SWfMMENC
TRACK!"
O
SO GOES THE YELL
•
We arc here to satisfy
your sporting wants
Definitely in the line for
cheaper prices on first
class Merchandise
tt
Pierce Bicycles
© o e>
THE PALO ALTO
SPORT SHOP
520 Waverley St.
"FOOTBALL
BASKETBALL
SWfMMENC
TRACK!"
O
SO GOES THE YELL
•
We arc here to satisfy
your sporting wants
Definitely in the line for
cheaper prices on first
class Merchandise
tt
Pierce Bicycles
© o e>
THE PALO ALTO
SPORT SHOP
520 Waverley St.
"FOOTBALL
BASKETBALL
SWfMMENC
TRACK!"
O
SO GOES THE YELL
•
We arc here to satisfy
your sporting wants
Definitely in the line for
cheaper prices on first
class Merchandise
tt
Pierce Bicycles
© o e>
THE PALO ALTO
SPORT SHOP
520 Waverley St.
"FOOTBALL
BASKETBALL
SWfMMENC
TRACK!"
O
SO GOES THE YELL
•
We arc here to satisfy
your sporting wants
Definitely in the line for
cheaper prices on first
class Merchandise
tt
Pierce Bicycles
© o e>
THE PALO ALTO
SPORT SHOP
520 Waverley St.
"FOOTBALL
BASKETBALL
SWfMMENC
TRACK!"
O
SO GOES THE YELL
•
We arc here to satisfy
your sporting wants
Definitely in the line for
cheaper prices on first
class Merchandise
tt
Pierce Bicycles
© o e>
THE PALO ALTO
SPORT SHOP
520 Waverley St.
"FOOTBALL
BASKETBALL
SWfMMENC
TRACK!"
O
SO GOES THE YELL
•
We arc here to satisfy
your sporting wants
Definitely in the line for
cheaper prices on first
class Merchandise
tt
Pierce Bicycles
© o e>
THE PALO ALTO
SPORT SHOP
520 Waverley St.
"FOOTBALL
BASKETBALL
SWfMMENC
TRACK!"
O
SO GOES THE YELL
•
We arc here to satisfy
your sporting wants
Definitely in the line for
cheaper prices on first
class Merchandise
tt
Pierce Bicycles
© o e>
THE PALO ALTO
SPORT SHOP
520 Waverley St.
"FOOTBALL
BASKETBALL
SWfMMENC
TRACK!"
O
SO GOES THE YELL
•
We arc here to satisfy
your sporting wants
Definitely in the line for
cheaper prices on first
class Merchandise
tt
Pierce Bicycles
© o e>
THE PALO ALTO
SPORT SHOP
520 Waverley St.
"FOOTBALL
BASKETBALL
SWfMMENC
TRACK!"
O
SO GOES THE YELL
•
We arc here to satisfy
your sporting wants
Definitely in the line for
cheaper prices on first
class Merchandise
tt
Pierce Bicycles
© o e>
THE PALO ALTO
SPORT SHOP
520 Waverley St.
"FOOTBALL
BASKETBALL
SWfMMENC
TRACK!"
O
SO GOES THE YELL
•
We arc here to satisfy
your sporting wants
Definitely in the line for
cheaper prices on first
class Merchandise
tt
Pierce Bicycles
© o e>
THE PALO ALTO
SPORT SHOP
520 Waverley St.
"FOOTBALL
BASKETBALL
SWfMMENC
TRACK!"
O
SO GOES THE YELL
•
We arc here to satisfy
your sporting wants
Definitely in the line for
cheaper prices on first
class Merchandise
tt
Pierce Bicycles
© o e>
THE PALO ALTO
SPORT SHOP
520 Waverley St.
"FOOTBALL
BASKETBALL
SWfMMENC
TRACK!"
O
SO GOES THE YELL
•
We arc here to satisfy
your sporting wants
Definitely in the line for
cheaper prices on first
class Merchandise
tt
Pierce Bicycles
© o e>
THE PALO ALTO
SPORT SHOP
520 Waverley St.
"FOOTBALL
BASKETBALL
SWfMMENC
TRACK!"
O
SO GOES THE YELL
•
We arc here to satisfy
your sporting wants
Definitely in the line for
cheaper prices on first
class Merchandise
tt
Pierce Bicycles
© o e>
THE PALO ALTO
SPORT SHOP
520 Waverley St.
"FOOTBALL
BASKETBALL
SWfMMENC
TRACK!"
O
SO GOES THE YELL
•
We arc here to satisfy
your sporting wants
Definitely in the line for
cheaper prices on first
class Merchandise
tt
Pierce Bicycles
© o e>
THE PALO ALTO
SPORT SHOP
520 Waverley St.
"FOOTBALL
BASKETBALL
SWfMMENC
TRACK!"
O
SO GOES THE YELL
•
We arc here to satisfy
your sporting wants
Definitely in the line for
cheaper prices on first
class Merchandise
tt
Pierce Bicycles
© o e>
THE PALO ALTO
SPORT SHOP
520 Waverley St.
"FOOTBALL
BASKETBALL
SWfMMENC
TRACK!"
O
SO GOES THE YELL
•
We arc here to satisfy
your sporting wants
Definitely in the line for
cheaper prices on first
class Merchandise
tt
Pierce Bicycles
© o e>
THE PALO ALTO
SPORT SHOP
520 Waverley St.
