# LINDY INAUGURATES CROSS-COUNTRY LINE
## 
### 
NEWARK AIRPORT, N.J., Oct. 23
(/P).—Colonel Charles A. Lindbergh
today inaugurated the new trans
continental air service of Transcon
tinental-Western Air Transport, Inc.,
taking off through thick haze in a
trio-motored plane for Columbus, O.
NEWARK AIRPORT, N.J., Oct. 23
(/P).—Colonel Charles A. Lindbergh
today inaugurated the new trans
continental air service of Transcon
tinental-Western Air Transport, Inc.,
taking off through thick haze in a
trio-motored plane for Columbus, O.
NEWARK AIRPORT, N.J., Oct. 23
(/P).—Colonel Charles A. Lindbergh
today inaugurated the new trans
continental air service of Transcon
tinental-Western Air Transport, Inc.,
taking off through thick haze in a
trio-motored plane for Columbus, O.
NEWARK AIRPORT, N.J., Oct. 23
(/P).—Colonel Charles A. Lindbergh
today inaugurated the new trans
continental air service of Transcon
tinental-Western Air Transport, Inc.,
taking off through thick haze in a
trio-motored plane for Columbus, O.
NEWARK AIRPORT, N.J., Oct. 23
(/P).—Colonel Charles A. Lindbergh
today inaugurated the new trans
continental air service of Transcon
tinental-Western Air Transport, Inc.,
taking off through thick haze in a
trio-motored plane for Columbus, O.
NEWARK AIRPORT, N.J., Oct. 23
(/P).—Colonel Charles A. Lindbergh
today inaugurated the new trans
continental air service of Transcon
tinental-Western Air Transport, Inc.,
taking off through thick haze in a
trio-motored plane for Columbus, O.
NEWARK AIRPORT, N.J., Oct. 23
(/P).—Colonel Charles A. Lindbergh
today inaugurated the new trans
continental air service of Transcon
tinental-Western Air Transport, Inc.,
taking off through thick haze in a
trio-motored plane for Columbus, O.
NEWARK AIRPORT, N.J., Oct. 23
(/P).—Colonel Charles A. Lindbergh
today inaugurated the new trans
continental air service of Transcon
tinental-Western Air Transport, Inc.,
taking off through thick haze in a
trio-motored plane for Columbus, O.
NEWARK AIRPORT, N.J., Oct. 23
(/P).—Colonel Charles A. Lindbergh
today inaugurated the new trans
continental air service of Transcon
tinental-Western Air Transport, Inc.,
taking off through thick haze in a
trio-motored plane for Columbus, O.
NEWARK AIRPORT, N.J., Oct. 23
(/P).—Colonel Charles A. Lindbergh
today inaugurated the new trans
continental air service of Transcon
tinental-Western Air Transport, Inc.,
taking off through thick haze in a
trio-motored plane for Columbus, O.
NEWARK AIRPORT, N.J., Oct. 23
(/P).—Colonel Charles A. Lindbergh
today inaugurated the new trans
continental air service of Transcon
tinental-Western Air Transport, Inc.,
taking off through thick haze in a
trio-motored plane for Columbus, O.
NEWARK AIRPORT, N.J., Oct. 23
(/P).—Colonel Charles A. Lindbergh
today inaugurated the new trans
continental air service of Transcon
tinental-Western Air Transport, Inc.,
taking off through thick haze in a
trio-motored plane for Columbus, O.
NEWARK AIRPORT, N.J., Oct. 23
(/P).—Colonel Charles A. Lindbergh
today inaugurated the new trans
continental air service of Transcon
tinental-Western Air Transport, Inc.,
taking off through thick haze in a
trio-motored plane for Columbus, O.
NEWARK AIRPORT, N.J., Oct. 23
(/P).—Colonel Charles A. Lindbergh
today inaugurated the new trans
continental air service of Transcon
tinental-Western Air Transport, Inc.,
taking off through thick haze in a
trio-motored plane for Columbus, O.
NEWARK AIRPORT, N.J., Oct. 23
(/P).—Colonel Charles A. Lindbergh
today inaugurated the new trans
continental air service of Transcon
tinental-Western Air Transport, Inc.,
taking off through thick haze in a
trio-motored plane for Columbus, O.
NEWARK AIRPORT, N.J., Oct. 23
(/P).—Colonel Charles A. Lindbergh
today inaugurated the new trans
continental air service of Transcon
tinental-Western Air Transport, Inc.,
taking off through thick haze in a
trio-motored plane for Columbus, O.
NEWARK AIRPORT, N.J., Oct. 23
(/P).—Colonel Charles A. Lindbergh
today inaugurated the new trans
continental air service of Transcon
tinental-Western Air Transport, Inc.,
taking off through thick haze in a
trio-motored plane for Columbus, O.
