# Untitled Article
## 
### 
South Carolina farmers treat
grain with carbon bisulphide to
keep weevils from feeding on it.
South Carolina farmers treat
grain with carbon bisulphide to
keep weevils from feeding on it.
South Carolina farmers treat
grain with carbon bisulphide to
keep weevils from feeding on it.
South Carolina farmers treat
grain with carbon bisulphide to
keep weevils from feeding on it.
South Carolina farmers treat
grain with carbon bisulphide to
keep weevils from feeding on it.
South Carolina farmers treat
grain with carbon bisulphide to
keep weevils from feeding on it.
South Carolina farmers treat
grain with carbon bisulphide to
keep weevils from feeding on it.
South Carolina farmers treat
grain with carbon bisulphide to
keep weevils from feeding on it.
South Carolina farmers treat
grain with carbon bisulphide to
keep weevils from feeding on it.
South Carolina farmers treat
grain with carbon bisulphide to
keep weevils from feeding on it.
South Carolina farmers treat
grain with carbon bisulphide to
keep weevils from feeding on it.
South Carolina farmers treat
grain with carbon bisulphide to
keep weevils from feeding on it.
South Carolina farmers treat
grain with carbon bisulphide to
keep weevils from feeding on it.
South Carolina farmers treat
grain with carbon bisulphide to
keep weevils from feeding on it.
South Carolina farmers treat
grain with carbon bisulphide to
keep weevils from feeding on it.
South Carolina farmers treat
grain with carbon bisulphide to
keep weevils from feeding on it.
South Carolina farmers treat
grain with carbon bisulphide to
keep weevils from feeding on it.
