# MONTANA MAN TAKES LONGEST TAXI TRIP
## 
### 
HELENA, Mont., Oct. 23. </P) —
Folks, meet A1 Brand and give him
a hand. Give him a hand in getting
out of his taxicab, for he is the
champion taxicab rider of Montana.
He will surrender his title to any
one who has traveled more than
1,800 miles in a cab in one trip.
Brand, section director of the fed
eral weather bureau here, has just
returned from a 1,800-mile taxicab
trip over the state during which he
inspected 33 co-operative weather,
stations.
HELENA, Mont., Oct. 23. </P) —
Folks, meet A1 Brand and give him
a hand. Give him a hand in getting
out of his taxicab, for he is the
champion taxicab rider of Montana.
He will surrender his title to any
one who has traveled more than
1,800 miles in a cab in one trip.
Brand, section director of the fed
eral weather bureau here, has just
returned from a 1,800-mile taxicab
trip over the state during which he
inspected 33 co-operative weather,
stations.
HELENA, Mont., Oct. 23. </P) —
Folks, meet A1 Brand and give him
a hand. Give him a hand in getting
out of his taxicab, for he is the
champion taxicab rider of Montana.
He will surrender his title to any
one who has traveled more than
1,800 miles in a cab in one trip.
Brand, section director of the fed
eral weather bureau here, has just
returned from a 1,800-mile taxicab
trip over the state during which he
inspected 33 co-operative weather,
stations.
HELENA, Mont., Oct. 23. </P) —
Folks, meet A1 Brand and give him
a hand. Give him a hand in getting
out of his taxicab, for he is the
champion taxicab rider of Montana.
He will surrender his title to any
one who has traveled more than
1,800 miles in a cab in one trip.
Brand, section director of the fed
eral weather bureau here, has just
returned from a 1,800-mile taxicab
trip over the state during which he
inspected 33 co-operative weather,
stations.
HELENA, Mont., Oct. 23. </P) —
Folks, meet A1 Brand and give him
a hand. Give him a hand in getting
out of his taxicab, for he is the
champion taxicab rider of Montana.
He will surrender his title to any
one who has traveled more than
1,800 miles in a cab in one trip.
Brand, section director of the fed
eral weather bureau here, has just
returned from a 1,800-mile taxicab
trip over the state during which he
inspected 33 co-operative weather,
stations.
HELENA, Mont., Oct. 23. </P) —
Folks, meet A1 Brand and give him
a hand. Give him a hand in getting
out of his taxicab, for he is the
champion taxicab rider of Montana.
He will surrender his title to any
one who has traveled more than
1,800 miles in a cab in one trip.
Brand, section director of the fed
eral weather bureau here, has just
returned from a 1,800-mile taxicab
trip over the state during which he
inspected 33 co-operative weather,
stations.
HELENA, Mont., Oct. 23. </P) —
Folks, meet A1 Brand and give him
a hand. Give him a hand in getting
out of his taxicab, for he is the
champion taxicab rider of Montana.
He will surrender his title to any
one who has traveled more than
1,800 miles in a cab in one trip.
Brand, section director of the fed
eral weather bureau here, has just
returned from a 1,800-mile taxicab
trip over the state during which he
inspected 33 co-operative weather,
stations.
HELENA, Mont., Oct. 23. </P) —
Folks, meet A1 Brand and give him
a hand. Give him a hand in getting
out of his taxicab, for he is the
champion taxicab rider of Montana.
He will surrender his title to any
one who has traveled more than
1,800 miles in a cab in one trip.
Brand, section director of the fed
eral weather bureau here, has just
returned from a 1,800-mile taxicab
trip over the state during which he
inspected 33 co-operative weather,
stations.
HELENA, Mont., Oct. 23. </P) —
Folks, meet A1 Brand and give him
a hand. Give him a hand in getting
out of his taxicab, for he is the
champion taxicab rider of Montana.
He will surrender his title to any
one who has traveled more than
1,800 miles in a cab in one trip.
Brand, section director of the fed
eral weather bureau here, has just
returned from a 1,800-mile taxicab
trip over the state during which he
inspected 33 co-operative weather,
stations.
HELENA, Mont., Oct. 23. </P) —
Folks, meet A1 Brand and give him
a hand. Give him a hand in getting
out of his taxicab, for he is the
champion taxicab rider of Montana.
He will surrender his title to any
one who has traveled more than
1,800 miles in a cab in one trip.
Brand, section director of the fed
eral weather bureau here, has just
returned from a 1,800-mile taxicab
trip over the state during which he
inspected 33 co-operative weather,
stations.
HELENA, Mont., Oct. 23. </P) —
Folks, meet A1 Brand and give him
a hand. Give him a hand in getting
out of his taxicab, for he is the
champion taxicab rider of Montana.
He will surrender his title to any
one who has traveled more than
1,800 miles in a cab in one trip.
Brand, section director of the fed
eral weather bureau here, has just
returned from a 1,800-mile taxicab
trip over the state during which he
inspected 33 co-operative weather,
stations.
HELENA, Mont., Oct. 23. </P) —
Folks, meet A1 Brand and give him
a hand. Give him a hand in getting
out of his taxicab, for he is the
champion taxicab rider of Montana.
He will surrender his title to any
one who has traveled more than
1,800 miles in a cab in one trip.
Brand, section director of the fed
eral weather bureau here, has just
returned from a 1,800-mile taxicab
trip over the state during which he
inspected 33 co-operative weather,
stations.
HELENA, Mont., Oct. 23. </P) —
Folks, meet A1 Brand and give him
a hand. Give him a hand in getting
out of his taxicab, for he is the
champion taxicab rider of Montana.
He will surrender his title to any
one who has traveled more than
1,800 miles in a cab in one trip.
Brand, section director of the fed
eral weather bureau here, has just
returned from a 1,800-mile taxicab
trip over the state during which he
inspected 33 co-operative weather,
stations.
HELENA, Mont., Oct. 23. </P) —
Folks, meet A1 Brand and give him
a hand. Give him a hand in getting
out of his taxicab, for he is the
champion taxicab rider of Montana.
He will surrender his title to any
one who has traveled more than
1,800 miles in a cab in one trip.
Brand, section director of the fed
eral weather bureau here, has just
returned from a 1,800-mile taxicab
trip over the state during which he
inspected 33 co-operative weather,
stations.
HELENA, Mont., Oct. 23. </P) —
Folks, meet A1 Brand and give him
a hand. Give him a hand in getting
out of his taxicab, for he is the
champion taxicab rider of Montana.
He will surrender his title to any
one who has traveled more than
1,800 miles in a cab in one trip.
Brand, section director of the fed
eral weather bureau here, has just
returned from a 1,800-mile taxicab
trip over the state during which he
inspected 33 co-operative weather,
stations.
HELENA, Mont., Oct. 23. </P) —
Folks, meet A1 Brand and give him
a hand. Give him a hand in getting
out of his taxicab, for he is the
champion taxicab rider of Montana.
He will surrender his title to any
one who has traveled more than
1,800 miles in a cab in one trip.
Brand, section director of the fed
eral weather bureau here, has just
returned from a 1,800-mile taxicab
trip over the state during which he
inspected 33 co-operative weather,
stations.
HELENA, Mont., Oct. 23. </P) —
Folks, meet A1 Brand and give him
a hand. Give him a hand in getting
out of his taxicab, for he is the
champion taxicab rider of Montana.
He will surrender his title to any
one who has traveled more than
1,800 miles in a cab in one trip.
Brand, section director of the fed
eral weather bureau here, has just
returned from a 1,800-mile taxicab
trip over the state during which he
inspected 33 co-operative weather,
stations.
