# Adv. 16 Page 6
## 
### 
Students from all Bay Area
schools are Invited to attend
and to talk Informally with
admissions officers from
approximately 60 law schools.
Wednesday,
November 10
10:00 am to 2:30 pm
Stanford University
Oak West & ■nßy|
Oak East Lounges I
Tresidder Student Unio:<
Sponsored by the HK^S
Undergraduate
Advising Center
Stanford University
Questions: Call 723-2426
Students from all Bay Area
schools are Invited to attend
and to talk Informally with
admissions officers from
approximately 60 law schools.
Wednesday,
November 10
10:00 am to 2:30 pm
Stanford University
Oak West & ■nßy|
Oak East Lounges I
Tresidder Student Unio:<
Sponsored by the HK^S
Undergraduate
Advising Center
Stanford University
Questions: Call 723-2426
Students from all Bay Area
schools are Invited to attend
and to talk Informally with
admissions officers from
approximately 60 law schools.
Wednesday,
November 10
10:00 am to 2:30 pm
Stanford University
Oak West & ■nßy|
Oak East Lounges I
Tresidder Student Unio:<
Sponsored by the HK^S
Undergraduate
Advising Center
Stanford University
Questions: Call 723-2426
Students from all Bay Area
schools are Invited to attend
and to talk Informally with
admissions officers from
approximately 60 law schools.
Wednesday,
November 10
10:00 am to 2:30 pm
Stanford University
Oak West & ■nßy|
Oak East Lounges I
Tresidder Student Unio:<
Sponsored by the HK^S
Undergraduate
Advising Center
Stanford University
Questions: Call 723-2426
Students from all Bay Area
schools are Invited to attend
and to talk Informally with
admissions officers from
approximately 60 law schools.
Wednesday,
November 10
10:00 am to 2:30 pm
Stanford University
Oak West & ■nßy|
Oak East Lounges I
Tresidder Student Unio:<
Sponsored by the HK^S
Undergraduate
Advising Center
Stanford University
Questions: Call 723-2426
Students from all Bay Area
schools are Invited to attend
and to talk Informally with
admissions officers from
approximately 60 law schools.
Wednesday,
November 10
10:00 am to 2:30 pm
Stanford University
Oak West & ■nßy|
Oak East Lounges I
Tresidder Student Unio:<
Sponsored by the HK^S
Undergraduate
Advising Center
Stanford University
Questions: Call 723-2426
Students from all Bay Area
schools are Invited to attend
and to talk Informally with
admissions officers from
approximately 60 law schools.
Wednesday,
November 10
10:00 am to 2:30 pm
Stanford University
Oak West & ■nßy|
Oak East Lounges I
Tresidder Student Unio:<
Sponsored by the HK^S
Undergraduate
Advising Center
Stanford University
Questions: Call 723-2426
