# Untitled Article
## 
### 
State gasoline taxes in the U. S.
yielded $2,824,922,558 in 1957. The
average rate of state gasoline
taxes was 5.9 cents per gallon.
State gasoline taxes in the U. S.
yielded $2,824,922,558 in 1957. The
average rate of state gasoline
taxes was 5.9 cents per gallon.
State gasoline taxes in the U. S.
yielded $2,824,922,558 in 1957. The
average rate of state gasoline
taxes was 5.9 cents per gallon.
State gasoline taxes in the U. S.
yielded $2,824,922,558 in 1957. The
average rate of state gasoline
taxes was 5.9 cents per gallon.
State gasoline taxes in the U. S.
yielded $2,824,922,558 in 1957. The
average rate of state gasoline
taxes was 5.9 cents per gallon.
State gasoline taxes in the U. S.
yielded $2,824,922,558 in 1957. The
average rate of state gasoline
taxes was 5.9 cents per gallon.
State gasoline taxes in the U. S.
yielded $2,824,922,558 in 1957. The
average rate of state gasoline
taxes was 5.9 cents per gallon.
State gasoline taxes in the U. S.
yielded $2,824,922,558 in 1957. The
average rate of state gasoline
taxes was 5.9 cents per gallon.
State gasoline taxes in the U. S.
yielded $2,824,922,558 in 1957. The
average rate of state gasoline
taxes was 5.9 cents per gallon.
State gasoline taxes in the U. S.
yielded $2,824,922,558 in 1957. The
average rate of state gasoline
taxes was 5.9 cents per gallon.
State gasoline taxes in the U. S.
yielded $2,824,922,558 in 1957. The
average rate of state gasoline
taxes was 5.9 cents per gallon.
State gasoline taxes in the U. S.
yielded $2,824,922,558 in 1957. The
average rate of state gasoline
taxes was 5.9 cents per gallon.
State gasoline taxes in the U. S.
yielded $2,824,922,558 in 1957. The
average rate of state gasoline
taxes was 5.9 cents per gallon.
State gasoline taxes in the U. S.
yielded $2,824,922,558 in 1957. The
average rate of state gasoline
taxes was 5.9 cents per gallon.
State gasoline taxes in the U. S.
yielded $2,824,922,558 in 1957. The
average rate of state gasoline
taxes was 5.9 cents per gallon.
State gasoline taxes in the U. S.
yielded $2,824,922,558 in 1957. The
average rate of state gasoline
taxes was 5.9 cents per gallon.
State gasoline taxes in the U. S.
yielded $2,824,922,558 in 1957. The
average rate of state gasoline
taxes was 5.9 cents per gallon.
