# Archery Contest
## 
### 
The intercollegiate Win te r
Archery Tournament will be held
Saturday morning at. the Wom
en's Gym. Interested students
may contact Carol Dunbar at La
gunita.

Hours for independent shooting
at the range next the Gym are
Wednesday, 4:30-5:45 p.m., and
Saturday, 1-3 p.m., every week.
The intercollegiate Win te r
Archery Tournament will be held
Saturday morning at. the Wom
en's Gym. Interested students
may contact Carol Dunbar at La
gunita.

Hours for independent shooting
at the range next the Gym are
Wednesday, 4:30-5:45 p.m., and
Saturday, 1-3 p.m., every week.
The intercollegiate Win te r
Archery Tournament will be held
Saturday morning at. the Wom
en's Gym. Interested students
may contact Carol Dunbar at La
gunita.

Hours for independent shooting
at the range next the Gym are
Wednesday, 4:30-5:45 p.m., and
Saturday, 1-3 p.m., every week.
The intercollegiate Win te r
Archery Tournament will be held
Saturday morning at. the Wom
en's Gym. Interested students
may contact Carol Dunbar at La
gunita.

Hours for independent shooting
at the range next the Gym are
Wednesday, 4:30-5:45 p.m., and
Saturday, 1-3 p.m., every week.
The intercollegiate Win te r
Archery Tournament will be held
Saturday morning at. the Wom
en's Gym. Interested students
may contact Carol Dunbar at La
gunita.

Hours for independent shooting
at the range next the Gym are
Wednesday, 4:30-5:45 p.m., and
Saturday, 1-3 p.m., every week.
The intercollegiate Win te r
Archery Tournament will be held
Saturday morning at. the Wom
en's Gym. Interested students
may contact Carol Dunbar at La
gunita.

Hours for independent shooting
at the range next the Gym are
Wednesday, 4:30-5:45 p.m., and
Saturday, 1-3 p.m., every week.
The intercollegiate Win te r
Archery Tournament will be held
Saturday morning at. the Wom
en's Gym. Interested students
may contact Carol Dunbar at La
gunita.

Hours for independent shooting
at the range next the Gym are
Wednesday, 4:30-5:45 p.m., and
Saturday, 1-3 p.m., every week.
The intercollegiate Win te r
Archery Tournament will be held
Saturday morning at. the Wom
en's Gym. Interested students
may contact Carol Dunbar at La
gunita.

Hours for independent shooting
at the range next the Gym are
Wednesday, 4:30-5:45 p.m., and
Saturday, 1-3 p.m., every week.
The intercollegiate Win te r
Archery Tournament will be held
Saturday morning at. the Wom
en's Gym. Interested students
may contact Carol Dunbar at La
gunita.

Hours for independent shooting
at the range next the Gym are
Wednesday, 4:30-5:45 p.m., and
Saturday, 1-3 p.m., every week.
The intercollegiate Win te r
Archery Tournament will be held
Saturday morning at. the Wom
en's Gym. Interested students
may contact Carol Dunbar at La
gunita.

Hours for independent shooting
at the range next the Gym are
Wednesday, 4:30-5:45 p.m., and
Saturday, 1-3 p.m., every week.
The intercollegiate Win te r
Archery Tournament will be held
Saturday morning at. the Wom
en's Gym. Interested students
may contact Carol Dunbar at La
gunita.

Hours for independent shooting
at the range next the Gym are
Wednesday, 4:30-5:45 p.m., and
Saturday, 1-3 p.m., every week.
The intercollegiate Win te r
Archery Tournament will be held
Saturday morning at. the Wom
en's Gym. Interested students
may contact Carol Dunbar at La
gunita.

Hours for independent shooting
at the range next the Gym are
Wednesday, 4:30-5:45 p.m., and
Saturday, 1-3 p.m., every week.
The intercollegiate Win te r
Archery Tournament will be held
Saturday morning at. the Wom
en's Gym. Interested students
may contact Carol Dunbar at La
gunita.

Hours for independent shooting
at the range next the Gym are
Wednesday, 4:30-5:45 p.m., and
Saturday, 1-3 p.m., every week.
The intercollegiate Win te r
Archery Tournament will be held
Saturday morning at. the Wom
en's Gym. Interested students
may contact Carol Dunbar at La
gunita.

Hours for independent shooting
at the range next the Gym are
Wednesday, 4:30-5:45 p.m., and
Saturday, 1-3 p.m., every week.
The intercollegiate Win te r
Archery Tournament will be held
Saturday morning at. the Wom
en's Gym. Interested students
may contact Carol Dunbar at La
gunita.

Hours for independent shooting
at the range next the Gym are
Wednesday, 4:30-5:45 p.m., and
Saturday, 1-3 p.m., every week.
The intercollegiate Win te r
Archery Tournament will be held
Saturday morning at. the Wom
en's Gym. Interested students
may contact Carol Dunbar at La
gunita.

Hours for independent shooting
at the range next the Gym are
Wednesday, 4:30-5:45 p.m., and
Saturday, 1-3 p.m., every week.
The intercollegiate Win te r
Archery Tournament will be held
Saturday morning at. the Wom
en's Gym. Interested students
may contact Carol Dunbar at La
gunita.

Hours for independent shooting
at the range next the Gym are
Wednesday, 4:30-5:45 p.m., and
Saturday, 1-3 p.m., every week.
