# Arabian Club
## 
### 
The Stanford Arab Club an
nounced the newly-elected execu
tive committee for the academic
year 1958-59.
The officers are Sad El-Rawi,
president; Ali Seif, secretary;
Miss Nuzha Abdel Majid, treasur
er; Abdel-Fattah Kandeel, public
relations.
The Stanford Arab Club an
nounced the newly-elected execu
tive committee for the academic
year 1958-59.
The officers are Sad El-Rawi,
president; Ali Seif, secretary;
Miss Nuzha Abdel Majid, treasur
er; Abdel-Fattah Kandeel, public
relations.
The Stanford Arab Club an
nounced the newly-elected execu
tive committee for the academic
year 1958-59.
The officers are Sad El-Rawi,
president; Ali Seif, secretary;
Miss Nuzha Abdel Majid, treasur
er; Abdel-Fattah Kandeel, public
relations.
The Stanford Arab Club an
nounced the newly-elected execu
tive committee for the academic
year 1958-59.
The officers are Sad El-Rawi,
president; Ali Seif, secretary;
Miss Nuzha Abdel Majid, treasur
er; Abdel-Fattah Kandeel, public
relations.
The Stanford Arab Club an
nounced the newly-elected execu
tive committee for the academic
year 1958-59.
The officers are Sad El-Rawi,
president; Ali Seif, secretary;
Miss Nuzha Abdel Majid, treasur
er; Abdel-Fattah Kandeel, public
relations.
The Stanford Arab Club an
nounced the newly-elected execu
tive committee for the academic
year 1958-59.
The officers are Sad El-Rawi,
president; Ali Seif, secretary;
Miss Nuzha Abdel Majid, treasur
er; Abdel-Fattah Kandeel, public
relations.
The Stanford Arab Club an
nounced the newly-elected execu
tive committee for the academic
year 1958-59.
The officers are Sad El-Rawi,
president; Ali Seif, secretary;
Miss Nuzha Abdel Majid, treasur
er; Abdel-Fattah Kandeel, public
relations.
The Stanford Arab Club an
nounced the newly-elected execu
tive committee for the academic
year 1958-59.
The officers are Sad El-Rawi,
president; Ali Seif, secretary;
Miss Nuzha Abdel Majid, treasur
er; Abdel-Fattah Kandeel, public
relations.
The Stanford Arab Club an
nounced the newly-elected execu
tive committee for the academic
year 1958-59.
The officers are Sad El-Rawi,
president; Ali Seif, secretary;
Miss Nuzha Abdel Majid, treasur
er; Abdel-Fattah Kandeel, public
relations.
The Stanford Arab Club an
nounced the newly-elected execu
tive committee for the academic
year 1958-59.
The officers are Sad El-Rawi,
president; Ali Seif, secretary;
Miss Nuzha Abdel Majid, treasur
er; Abdel-Fattah Kandeel, public
relations.
The Stanford Arab Club an
nounced the newly-elected execu
tive committee for the academic
year 1958-59.
The officers are Sad El-Rawi,
president; Ali Seif, secretary;
Miss Nuzha Abdel Majid, treasur
er; Abdel-Fattah Kandeel, public
relations.
The Stanford Arab Club an
nounced the newly-elected execu
tive committee for the academic
year 1958-59.
The officers are Sad El-Rawi,
president; Ali Seif, secretary;
Miss Nuzha Abdel Majid, treasur
er; Abdel-Fattah Kandeel, public
relations.
The Stanford Arab Club an
nounced the newly-elected execu
tive committee for the academic
year 1958-59.
The officers are Sad El-Rawi,
president; Ali Seif, secretary;
Miss Nuzha Abdel Majid, treasur
er; Abdel-Fattah Kandeel, public
relations.
The Stanford Arab Club an
nounced the newly-elected execu
tive committee for the academic
year 1958-59.
The officers are Sad El-Rawi,
president; Ali Seif, secretary;
Miss Nuzha Abdel Majid, treasur
er; Abdel-Fattah Kandeel, public
relations.
The Stanford Arab Club an
nounced the newly-elected execu
tive committee for the academic
year 1958-59.
The officers are Sad El-Rawi,
president; Ali Seif, secretary;
Miss Nuzha Abdel Majid, treasur
er; Abdel-Fattah Kandeel, public
relations.
The Stanford Arab Club an
nounced the newly-elected execu
tive committee for the academic
year 1958-59.
The officers are Sad El-Rawi,
president; Ali Seif, secretary;
Miss Nuzha Abdel Majid, treasur
er; Abdel-Fattah Kandeel, public
relations.
The Stanford Arab Club an
nounced the newly-elected execu
tive committee for the academic
year 1958-59.
The officers are Sad El-Rawi,
president; Ali Seif, secretary;
Miss Nuzha Abdel Majid, treasur
er; Abdel-Fattah Kandeel, public
relations.
