# School Tax In Dispute
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES (/P) â€” Contro
versy arising from a California
ballot measure calling for an end
to tax exemption for parochial
and private schools reached a
peak Thursday.
Center of the dispute is the
wording of a paid announcement
being carried on 127 radio sta
tions in the state.
The anouncement, prepared by
sponsors of the measure, Propo
sition 16, says the Catholic
Church is leading the fight
against it under orders from
Rome.
The strongest language used
against the radio announcement
came from Bishop Timothy Man
ning, auxiliary bishop of the
Catholic Church in Los Angeles.
Bishop Manning would not,
however, comment on the refer
ence in the announcemen to or
ders from Rome.
