# Pen Pals Starting
## 
### 
Students interested in corre
sponding with British young peo
ple in order to exchange informa
tion and impressions of life on
both sides of the Atlantic are in
vited by British civil servant H.
Henry to contact him at 38 Craw
ford St., London, W. 1, England.
Students interested in corre
sponding with British young peo
ple in order to exchange informa
tion and impressions of life on
both sides of the Atlantic are in
vited by British civil servant H.
Henry to contact him at 38 Craw
ford St., London, W. 1, England.
Students interested in corre
sponding with British young peo
ple in order to exchange informa
tion and impressions of life on
both sides of the Atlantic are in
vited by British civil servant H.
Henry to contact him at 38 Craw
ford St., London, W. 1, England.
Students interested in corre
sponding with British young peo
ple in order to exchange informa
tion and impressions of life on
both sides of the Atlantic are in
vited by British civil servant H.
Henry to contact him at 38 Craw
ford St., London, W. 1, England.
Students interested in corre
sponding with British young peo
ple in order to exchange informa
tion and impressions of life on
both sides of the Atlantic are in
vited by British civil servant H.
Henry to contact him at 38 Craw
ford St., London, W. 1, England.
Students interested in corre
sponding with British young peo
ple in order to exchange informa
tion and impressions of life on
both sides of the Atlantic are in
vited by British civil servant H.
Henry to contact him at 38 Craw
ford St., London, W. 1, England.
Students interested in corre
sponding with British young peo
ple in order to exchange informa
tion and impressions of life on
both sides of the Atlantic are in
vited by British civil servant H.
Henry to contact him at 38 Craw
ford St., London, W. 1, England.
Students interested in corre
sponding with British young peo
ple in order to exchange informa
tion and impressions of life on
both sides of the Atlantic are in
vited by British civil servant H.
Henry to contact him at 38 Craw
ford St., London, W. 1, England.
Students interested in corre
sponding with British young peo
ple in order to exchange informa
tion and impressions of life on
both sides of the Atlantic are in
vited by British civil servant H.
Henry to contact him at 38 Craw
ford St., London, W. 1, England.
Students interested in corre
sponding with British young peo
ple in order to exchange informa
tion and impressions of life on
both sides of the Atlantic are in
vited by British civil servant H.
Henry to contact him at 38 Craw
ford St., London, W. 1, England.
Students interested in corre
sponding with British young peo
ple in order to exchange informa
tion and impressions of life on
both sides of the Atlantic are in
vited by British civil servant H.
Henry to contact him at 38 Craw
ford St., London, W. 1, England.
Students interested in corre
sponding with British young peo
ple in order to exchange informa
tion and impressions of life on
both sides of the Atlantic are in
vited by British civil servant H.
Henry to contact him at 38 Craw
ford St., London, W. 1, England.
Students interested in corre
sponding with British young peo
ple in order to exchange informa
tion and impressions of life on
both sides of the Atlantic are in
vited by British civil servant H.
Henry to contact him at 38 Craw
ford St., London, W. 1, England.
Students interested in corre
sponding with British young peo
ple in order to exchange informa
tion and impressions of life on
both sides of the Atlantic are in
vited by British civil servant H.
Henry to contact him at 38 Craw
ford St., London, W. 1, England.
Students interested in corre
sponding with British young peo
ple in order to exchange informa
tion and impressions of life on
both sides of the Atlantic are in
vited by British civil servant H.
Henry to contact him at 38 Craw
ford St., London, W. 1, England.
Students interested in corre
sponding with British young peo
ple in order to exchange informa
tion and impressions of life on
both sides of the Atlantic are in
vited by British civil servant H.
Henry to contact him at 38 Craw
ford St., London, W. 1, England.
Students interested in corre
sponding with British young peo
ple in order to exchange informa
tion and impressions of life on
both sides of the Atlantic are in
vited by British civil servant H.
Henry to contact him at 38 Craw
ford St., London, W. 1, England.
