# LASSU Looks Into Possibility Of Blood Drive
## 
### Wally Simpson 
Willi I lie absence o,< bolh ASSU
President Bob Freelen and Vice-
President Sue Coshow, Legisla
ture opened and closed last night
with a minimum of controversy
and accomplishments.
The question of holding a blood
drive on campus was brought up,
and after much discussion it was
decided that a plan to educate the
students must first be formulated
before a motion is in order. A
committee was appointed to look
into the matter.
Randall Resigns
Presided over by Student Finan
cial Manager Bill Mathewson, Leg
islature approved a $99.93 appro
priation for curtains in Freelen's
office, ft also heard the letter of
resignation of Education School's
Representative Lymann Randall.
Presidential Assistant Steve Tal
lent, who at the start of the meet
ing performed the functions of the
secretary, said Freelen "regretful
ly" accepted the resignation.
Mathewson proposed that a
committee be set up to investigate
the possibility of establishing an
"official" Stanford ring, ft was
suggested that one standard ring
prod uc e d in large quantities
might make the price more rea
sonable. At the present time there
are about 8 or 10 Stanford rings.
Daily "Liaison" *
A committee of three members
was appointed to serve as "liai
son" with The Daily. As explained
by Tallent, the purpose of this
committee is to work with The
Daily for the sole purpose'of in
forming about projects Legisla
ture will take up in the near
future.
Next week Legislature plans to
tackle Model United Nations' mas
ter budget of $11,000. Copies of
the budget were passed to each
member Jast night. Model UN is
self-supporting and will draw no
appropriation from ASSU, Math
ewson said.
Willi I lie absence o,< bolh ASSU
President Bob Freelen and Vice-
President Sue Coshow, Legisla
ture opened and closed last night
with a minimum of controversy
and accomplishments.
The question of holding a blood
drive on campus was brought up,
and after much discussion it was
decided that a plan to educate the
students must first be formulated
before a motion is in order. A
committee was appointed to look
into the matter.
Randall Resigns
Presided over by Student Finan
cial Manager Bill Mathewson, Leg
islature approved a $99.93 appro
priation for curtains in Freelen's
office, ft also heard the letter of
resignation of Education School's
Representative Lymann Randall.
Presidential Assistant Steve Tal
lent, who at the start of the meet
ing performed the functions of the
secretary, said Freelen "regretful
ly" accepted the resignation.
Mathewson proposed that a
committee be set up to investigate
the possibility of establishing an
"official" Stanford ring, ft was
suggested that one standard ring
prod uc e d in large quantities
might make the price more rea
sonable. At the present time there
are about 8 or 10 Stanford rings.
Daily "Liaison" *
A committee of three members
was appointed to serve as "liai
son" with The Daily. As explained
by Tallent, the purpose of this
committee is to work with The
Daily for the sole purpose'of in
forming about projects Legisla
ture will take up in the near
future.
Next week Legislature plans to
tackle Model United Nations' mas
ter budget of $11,000. Copies of
the budget were passed to each
member Jast night. Model UN is
self-supporting and will draw no
appropriation from ASSU, Math
ewson said.
Willi I lie absence o,< bolh ASSU
President Bob Freelen and Vice-
President Sue Coshow, Legisla
ture opened and closed last night
with a minimum of controversy
and accomplishments.
The question of holding a blood
drive on campus was brought up,
and after much discussion it was
decided that a plan to educate the
students must first be formulated
before a motion is in order. A
committee was appointed to look
into the matter.
Randall Resigns
Presided over by Student Finan
cial Manager Bill Mathewson, Leg
islature approved a $99.93 appro
priation for curtains in Freelen's
office, ft also heard the letter of
resignation of Education School's
Representative Lymann Randall.
Presidential Assistant Steve Tal
lent, who at the start of the meet
ing performed the functions of the
secretary, said Freelen "regretful
ly" accepted the resignation.
Mathewson proposed that a
committee be set up to investigate
the possibility of establishing an
"official" Stanford ring, ft was
suggested that one standard ring
prod uc e d in large quantities
might make the price more rea
sonable. At the present time there
are about 8 or 10 Stanford rings.
Daily "Liaison" *
A committee of three members
was appointed to serve as "liai
son" with The Daily. As explained
by Tallent, the purpose of this
committee is to work with The
Daily for the sole purpose'of in
forming about projects Legisla
ture will take up in the near
future.
Next week Legislature plans to
tackle Model United Nations' mas
ter budget of $11,000. Copies of
the budget were passed to each
member Jast night. Model UN is
self-supporting and will draw no
appropriation from ASSU, Math
ewson said.
Willi I lie absence o,< bolh ASSU
President Bob Freelen and Vice-
President Sue Coshow, Legisla
ture opened and closed last night
with a minimum of controversy
and accomplishments.
The question of holding a blood
drive on campus was brought up,
and after much discussion it was
decided that a plan to educate the
students must first be formulated
before a motion is in order. A
committee was appointed to look
into the matter.
Randall Resigns
Presided over by Student Finan
cial Manager Bill Mathewson, Leg
islature approved a $99.93 appro
priation for curtains in Freelen's
office, ft also heard the letter of
resignation of Education School's
Representative Lymann Randall.
Presidential Assistant Steve Tal
lent, who at the start of the meet
ing performed the functions of the
secretary, said Freelen "regretful
ly" accepted the resignation.
Mathewson proposed that a
committee be set up to investigate
the possibility of establishing an
"official" Stanford ring, ft was
suggested that one standard ring
prod uc e d in large quantities
might make the price more rea
sonable. At the present time there
are about 8 or 10 Stanford rings.
Daily "Liaison" *
A committee of three members
was appointed to serve as "liai
son" with The Daily. As explained
by Tallent, the purpose of this
committee is to work with The
Daily for the sole purpose'of in
forming about projects Legisla
ture will take up in the near
future.
Next week Legislature plans to
tackle Model United Nations' mas
ter budget of $11,000. Copies of
the budget were passed to each
member Jast night. Model UN is
self-supporting and will draw no
appropriation from ASSU, Math
ewson said.
Willi I lie absence o,< bolh ASSU
President Bob Freelen and Vice-
President Sue Coshow, Legisla
ture opened and closed last night
with a minimum of controversy
and accomplishments.
The question of holding a blood
drive on campus was brought up,
and after much discussion it was
decided that a plan to educate the
students must first be formulated
before a motion is in order. A
committee was appointed to look
into the matter.
Randall Resigns
Presided over by Student Finan
cial Manager Bill Mathewson, Leg
islature approved a $99.93 appro
priation for curtains in Freelen's
office, ft also heard the letter of
resignation of Education School's
Representative Lymann Randall.
Presidential Assistant Steve Tal
lent, who at the start of the meet
ing performed the functions of the
secretary, said Freelen "regretful
ly" accepted the resignation.
Mathewson proposed that a
committee be set up to investigate
the possibility of establishing an
"official" Stanford ring, ft was
suggested that one standard ring
prod uc e d in large quantities
might make the price more rea
sonable. At the present time there
are about 8 or 10 Stanford rings.
Daily "Liaison" *
A committee of three members
was appointed to serve as "liai
son" with The Daily. As explained
by Tallent, the purpose of this
committee is to work with The
Daily for the sole purpose'of in
forming about projects Legisla
ture will take up in the near
future.
Next week Legislature plans to
tackle Model United Nations' mas
ter budget of $11,000. Copies of
the budget were passed to each
member Jast night. Model UN is
self-supporting and will draw no
appropriation from ASSU, Math
ewson said.
Willi I lie absence o,< bolh ASSU
President Bob Freelen and Vice-
President Sue Coshow, Legisla
ture opened and closed last night
with a minimum of controversy
and accomplishments.
The question of holding a blood
drive on campus was brought up,
and after much discussion it was
decided that a plan to educate the
students must first be formulated
before a motion is in order. A
committee was appointed to look
into the matter.
Randall Resigns
Presided over by Student Finan
cial Manager Bill Mathewson, Leg
islature approved a $99.93 appro
priation for curtains in Freelen's
office, ft also heard the letter of
resignation of Education School's
Representative Lymann Randall.
Presidential Assistant Steve Tal
lent, who at the start of the meet
ing performed the functions of the
secretary, said Freelen "regretful
ly" accepted the resignation.
Mathewson proposed that a
committee be set up to investigate
the possibility of establishing an
"official" Stanford ring, ft was
suggested that one standard ring
prod uc e d in large quantities
might make the price more rea
sonable. At the present time there
are about 8 or 10 Stanford rings.
Daily "Liaison" *
A committee of three members
was appointed to serve as "liai
son" with The Daily. As explained
by Tallent, the purpose of this
committee is to work with The
Daily for the sole purpose'of in
forming about projects Legisla
ture will take up in the near
future.
Next week Legislature plans to
tackle Model United Nations' mas
ter budget of $11,000. Copies of
the budget were passed to each
member Jast night. Model UN is
self-supporting and will draw no
appropriation from ASSU, Math
ewson said.
Willi I lie absence o,< bolh ASSU
President Bob Freelen and Vice-
President Sue Coshow, Legisla
ture opened and closed last night
with a minimum of controversy
and accomplishments.
The question of holding a blood
drive on campus was brought up,
and after much discussion it was
decided that a plan to educate the
students must first be formulated
before a motion is in order. A
committee was appointed to look
into the matter.
Randall Resigns
Presided over by Student Finan
cial Manager Bill Mathewson, Leg
islature approved a $99.93 appro
priation for curtains in Freelen's
office, ft also heard the letter of
resignation of Education School's
Representative Lymann Randall.
Presidential Assistant Steve Tal
lent, who at the start of the meet
ing performed the functions of the
secretary, said Freelen "regretful
ly" accepted the resignation.
Mathewson proposed that a
committee be set up to investigate
the possibility of establishing an
"official" Stanford ring, ft was
suggested that one standard ring
prod uc e d in large quantities
might make the price more rea
sonable. At the present time there
are about 8 or 10 Stanford rings.
Daily "Liaison" *
A committee of three members
was appointed to serve as "liai
son" with The Daily. As explained
by Tallent, the purpose of this
committee is to work with The
Daily for the sole purpose'of in
forming about projects Legisla
ture will take up in the near
future.
Next week Legislature plans to
tackle Model United Nations' mas
ter budget of $11,000. Copies of
the budget were passed to each
member Jast night. Model UN is
self-supporting and will draw no
appropriation from ASSU, Math
ewson said.
Willi I lie absence o,< bolh ASSU
President Bob Freelen and Vice-
President Sue Coshow, Legisla
ture opened and closed last night
with a minimum of controversy
and accomplishments.
The question of holding a blood
drive on campus was brought up,
and after much discussion it was
decided that a plan to educate the
students must first be formulated
before a motion is in order. A
committee was appointed to look
into the matter.
Randall Resigns
Presided over by Student Finan
cial Manager Bill Mathewson, Leg
islature approved a $99.93 appro
priation for curtains in Freelen's
office, ft also heard the letter of
resignation of Education School's
Representative Lymann Randall.
Presidential Assistant Steve Tal
lent, who at the start of the meet
ing performed the functions of the
secretary, said Freelen "regretful
ly" accepted the resignation.
Mathewson proposed that a
committee be set up to investigate
the possibility of establishing an
"official" Stanford ring, ft was
suggested that one standard ring
prod uc e d in large quantities
might make the price more rea
sonable. At the present time there
are about 8 or 10 Stanford rings.
Daily "Liaison" *
A committee of three members
was appointed to serve as "liai
son" with The Daily. As explained
by Tallent, the purpose of this
committee is to work with The
Daily for the sole purpose'of in
forming about projects Legisla
ture will take up in the near
future.
Next week Legislature plans to
tackle Model United Nations' mas
ter budget of $11,000. Copies of
the budget were passed to each
member Jast night. Model UN is
self-supporting and will draw no
appropriation from ASSU, Math
ewson said.
Willi I lie absence o,< bolh ASSU
President Bob Freelen and Vice-
President Sue Coshow, Legisla
ture opened and closed last night
with a minimum of controversy
and accomplishments.
The question of holding a blood
drive on campus was brought up,
and after much discussion it was
decided that a plan to educate the
students must first be formulated
before a motion is in order. A
committee was appointed to look
into the matter.
Randall Resigns
Presided over by Student Finan
cial Manager Bill Mathewson, Leg
islature approved a $99.93 appro
priation for curtains in Freelen's
office, ft also heard the letter of
resignation of Education School's
Representative Lymann Randall.
Presidential Assistant Steve Tal
lent, who at the start of the meet
ing performed the functions of the
secretary, said Freelen "regretful
ly" accepted the resignation.
Mathewson proposed that a
committee be set up to investigate
the possibility of establishing an
"official" Stanford ring, ft was
suggested that one standard ring
prod uc e d in large quantities
might make the price more rea
sonable. At the present time there
are about 8 or 10 Stanford rings.
Daily "Liaison" *
A committee of three members
was appointed to serve as "liai
son" with The Daily. As explained
by Tallent, the purpose of this
committee is to work with The
Daily for the sole purpose'of in
forming about projects Legisla
ture will take up in the near
future.
Next week Legislature plans to
tackle Model United Nations' mas
ter budget of $11,000. Copies of
the budget were passed to each
member Jast night. Model UN is
self-supporting and will draw no
appropriation from ASSU, Math
ewson said.
Willi I lie absence o,< bolh ASSU
President Bob Freelen and Vice-
President Sue Coshow, Legisla
ture opened and closed last night
with a minimum of controversy
and accomplishments.
The question of holding a blood
drive on campus was brought up,
and after much discussion it was
decided that a plan to educate the
students must first be formulated
before a motion is in order. A
committee was appointed to look
into the matter.
Randall Resigns
Presided over by Student Finan
cial Manager Bill Mathewson, Leg
islature approved a $99.93 appro
priation for curtains in Freelen's
office, ft also heard the letter of
resignation of Education School's
Representative Lymann Randall.
Presidential Assistant Steve Tal
lent, who at the start of the meet
ing performed the functions of the
secretary, said Freelen "regretful
ly" accepted the resignation.
Mathewson proposed that a
committee be set up to investigate
the possibility of establishing an
"official" Stanford ring, ft was
suggested that one standard ring
prod uc e d in large quantities
might make the price more rea
sonable. At the present time there
are about 8 or 10 Stanford rings.
Daily "Liaison" *
A committee of three members
was appointed to serve as "liai
son" with The Daily. As explained
by Tallent, the purpose of this
committee is to work with The
Daily for the sole purpose'of in
forming about projects Legisla
ture will take up in the near
future.
Next week Legislature plans to
tackle Model United Nations' mas
ter budget of $11,000. Copies of
the budget were passed to each
member Jast night. Model UN is
self-supporting and will draw no
appropriation from ASSU, Math
ewson said.
Willi I lie absence o,< bolh ASSU
President Bob Freelen and Vice-
President Sue Coshow, Legisla
ture opened and closed last night
with a minimum of controversy
and accomplishments.
The question of holding a blood
drive on campus was brought up,
and after much discussion it was
decided that a plan to educate the
students must first be formulated
before a motion is in order. A
committee was appointed to look
into the matter.
Randall Resigns
Presided over by Student Finan
cial Manager Bill Mathewson, Leg
islature approved a $99.93 appro
priation for curtains in Freelen's
office, ft also heard the letter of
resignation of Education School's
Representative Lymann Randall.
Presidential Assistant Steve Tal
lent, who at the start of the meet
ing performed the functions of the
secretary, said Freelen "regretful
ly" accepted the resignation.
Mathewson proposed that a
committee be set up to investigate
the possibility of establishing an
"official" Stanford ring, ft was
suggested that one standard ring
prod uc e d in large quantities
might make the price more rea
sonable. At the present time there
are about 8 or 10 Stanford rings.
Daily "Liaison" *
A committee of three members
was appointed to serve as "liai
son" with The Daily. As explained
by Tallent, the purpose of this
committee is to work with The
Daily for the sole purpose'of in
forming about projects Legisla
ture will take up in the near
future.
Next week Legislature plans to
tackle Model United Nations' mas
ter budget of $11,000. Copies of
the budget were passed to each
member Jast night. Model UN is
self-supporting and will draw no
appropriation from ASSU, Math
ewson said.
Willi I lie absence o,< bolh ASSU
President Bob Freelen and Vice-
President Sue Coshow, Legisla
ture opened and closed last night
with a minimum of controversy
and accomplishments.
The question of holding a blood
drive on campus was brought up,
and after much discussion it was
decided that a plan to educate the
students must first be formulated
before a motion is in order. A
committee was appointed to look
into the matter.
Randall Resigns
Presided over by Student Finan
cial Manager Bill Mathewson, Leg
islature approved a $99.93 appro
priation for curtains in Freelen's
office, ft also heard the letter of
resignation of Education School's
Representative Lymann Randall.
Presidential Assistant Steve Tal
lent, who at the start of the meet
ing performed the functions of the
secretary, said Freelen "regretful
ly" accepted the resignation.
Mathewson proposed that a
committee be set up to investigate
the possibility of establishing an
"official" Stanford ring, ft was
suggested that one standard ring
prod uc e d in large quantities
might make the price more rea
sonable. At the present time there
are about 8 or 10 Stanford rings.
Daily "Liaison" *
A committee of three members
was appointed to serve as "liai
son" with The Daily. As explained
by Tallent, the purpose of this
committee is to work with The
Daily for the sole purpose'of in
forming about projects Legisla
ture will take up in the near
future.
Next week Legislature plans to
tackle Model United Nations' mas
ter budget of $11,000. Copies of
the budget were passed to each
member Jast night. Model UN is
self-supporting and will draw no
appropriation from ASSU, Math
ewson said.
Willi I lie absence o,< bolh ASSU
President Bob Freelen and Vice-
President Sue Coshow, Legisla
ture opened and closed last night
with a minimum of controversy
and accomplishments.
The question of holding a blood
drive on campus was brought up,
and after much discussion it was
decided that a plan to educate the
students must first be formulated
before a motion is in order. A
committee was appointed to look
into the matter.
Randall Resigns
Presided over by Student Finan
cial Manager Bill Mathewson, Leg
islature approved a $99.93 appro
priation for curtains in Freelen's
office, ft also heard the letter of
resignation of Education School's
Representative Lymann Randall.
Presidential Assistant Steve Tal
lent, who at the start of the meet
ing performed the functions of the
secretary, said Freelen "regretful
ly" accepted the resignation.
Mathewson proposed that a
committee be set up to investigate
the possibility of establishing an
"official" Stanford ring, ft was
suggested that one standard ring
prod uc e d in large quantities
might make the price more rea
sonable. At the present time there
are about 8 or 10 Stanford rings.
Daily "Liaison" *
A committee of three members
was appointed to serve as "liai
son" with The Daily. As explained
by Tallent, the purpose of this
committee is to work with The
Daily for the sole purpose'of in
forming about projects Legisla
ture will take up in the near
future.
Next week Legislature plans to
tackle Model United Nations' mas
ter budget of $11,000. Copies of
the budget were passed to each
member Jast night. Model UN is
self-supporting and will draw no
appropriation from ASSU, Math
ewson said.
Willi I lie absence o,< bolh ASSU
President Bob Freelen and Vice-
President Sue Coshow, Legisla
ture opened and closed last night
with a minimum of controversy
and accomplishments.
The question of holding a blood
drive on campus was brought up,
and after much discussion it was
decided that a plan to educate the
students must first be formulated
before a motion is in order. A
committee was appointed to look
into the matter.
Randall Resigns
Presided over by Student Finan
cial Manager Bill Mathewson, Leg
islature approved a $99.93 appro
priation for curtains in Freelen's
office, ft also heard the letter of
resignation of Education School's
Representative Lymann Randall.
Presidential Assistant Steve Tal
lent, who at the start of the meet
ing performed the functions of the
secretary, said Freelen "regretful
ly" accepted the resignation.
Mathewson proposed that a
committee be set up to investigate
the possibility of establishing an
"official" Stanford ring, ft was
suggested that one standard ring
prod uc e d in large quantities
might make the price more rea
sonable. At the present time there
are about 8 or 10 Stanford rings.
Daily "Liaison" *
A committee of three members
was appointed to serve as "liai
son" with The Daily. As explained
by Tallent, the purpose of this
committee is to work with The
Daily for the sole purpose'of in
forming about projects Legisla
ture will take up in the near
future.
Next week Legislature plans to
tackle Model United Nations' mas
ter budget of $11,000. Copies of
the budget were passed to each
member Jast night. Model UN is
self-supporting and will draw no
appropriation from ASSU, Math
ewson said.
Willi I lie absence o,< bolh ASSU
President Bob Freelen and Vice-
President Sue Coshow, Legisla
ture opened and closed last night
with a minimum of controversy
and accomplishments.
The question of holding a blood
drive on campus was brought up,
and after much discussion it was
decided that a plan to educate the
students must first be formulated
before a motion is in order. A
committee was appointed to look
into the matter.
Randall Resigns
Presided over by Student Finan
cial Manager Bill Mathewson, Leg
islature approved a $99.93 appro
priation for curtains in Freelen's
office, ft also heard the letter of
resignation of Education School's
Representative Lymann Randall.
Presidential Assistant Steve Tal
lent, who at the start of the meet
ing performed the functions of the
secretary, said Freelen "regretful
ly" accepted the resignation.
Mathewson proposed that a
committee be set up to investigate
the possibility of establishing an
"official" Stanford ring, ft was
suggested that one standard ring
prod uc e d in large quantities
might make the price more rea
sonable. At the present time there
are about 8 or 10 Stanford rings.
Daily "Liaison" *
A committee of three members
was appointed to serve as "liai
son" with The Daily. As explained
by Tallent, the purpose of this
committee is to work with The
Daily for the sole purpose'of in
forming about projects Legisla
ture will take up in the near
future.
Next week Legislature plans to
tackle Model United Nations' mas
ter budget of $11,000. Copies of
the budget were passed to each
member Jast night. Model UN is
self-supporting and will draw no
appropriation from ASSU, Math
ewson said.
Willi I lie absence o,< bolh ASSU
President Bob Freelen and Vice-
President Sue Coshow, Legisla
ture opened and closed last night
with a minimum of controversy
and accomplishments.
The question of holding a blood
drive on campus was brought up,
and after much discussion it was
decided that a plan to educate the
students must first be formulated
before a motion is in order. A
committee was appointed to look
into the matter.
Randall Resigns
Presided over by Student Finan
cial Manager Bill Mathewson, Leg
islature approved a $99.93 appro
priation for curtains in Freelen's
office, ft also heard the letter of
resignation of Education School's
Representative Lymann Randall.
Presidential Assistant Steve Tal
lent, who at the start of the meet
ing performed the functions of the
secretary, said Freelen "regretful
ly" accepted the resignation.
Mathewson proposed that a
committee be set up to investigate
the possibility of establishing an
"official" Stanford ring, ft was
suggested that one standard ring
prod uc e d in large quantities
might make the price more rea
sonable. At the present time there
are about 8 or 10 Stanford rings.
Daily "Liaison" *
A committee of three members
was appointed to serve as "liai
son" with The Daily. As explained
by Tallent, the purpose of this
committee is to work with The
Daily for the sole purpose'of in
forming about projects Legisla
ture will take up in the near
future.
Next week Legislature plans to
tackle Model United Nations' mas
ter budget of $11,000. Copies of
the budget were passed to each
member Jast night. Model UN is
self-supporting and will draw no
appropriation from ASSU, Math
ewson said.
