# Yell and Song Contest Undecided.
## 
### 
After a try-out in the chapel on
Saturday morning the judges of
the prize song and yell contest
chose four songs and four yells from
those submitted. The words for the
songs were written by P. C. Ed
wards, '06, Arch Perrin, '06, J. J
Sheehv, '06, and L. S. Levy, '08.
The music to Edwards' song was
written by H. F. Curran, '06. The
yells were written by A. Freeman,
'06, J. Rosenfeld, '06, D. C. Alex
ander, '06, and E. A. Cunha, '06.
After a try-out in the chapel on
Saturday morning the judges of
the prize song and yell contest
chose four songs and four yells from
those submitted. The words for the
songs were written by P. C. Ed
wards, '06, Arch Perrin, '06, J. J
Sheehv, '06, and L. S. Levy, '08.
The music to Edwards' song was
written by H. F. Curran, '06. The
yells were written by A. Freeman,
'06, J. Rosenfeld, '06, D. C. Alex
ander, '06, and E. A. Cunha, '06.
After a try-out in the chapel on
Saturday morning the judges of
the prize song and yell contest
chose four songs and four yells from
those submitted. The words for the
songs were written by P. C. Ed
wards, '06, Arch Perrin, '06, J. J
Sheehv, '06, and L. S. Levy, '08.
The music to Edwards' song was
written by H. F. Curran, '06. The
yells were written by A. Freeman,
'06, J. Rosenfeld, '06, D. C. Alex
ander, '06, and E. A. Cunha, '06.
After a try-out in the chapel on
Saturday morning the judges of
the prize song and yell contest
chose four songs and four yells from
those submitted. The words for the
songs were written by P. C. Ed
wards, '06, Arch Perrin, '06, J. J
Sheehv, '06, and L. S. Levy, '08.
The music to Edwards' song was
written by H. F. Curran, '06. The
yells were written by A. Freeman,
'06, J. Rosenfeld, '06, D. C. Alex
ander, '06, and E. A. Cunha, '06.
After a try-out in the chapel on
Saturday morning the judges of
the prize song and yell contest
chose four songs and four yells from
those submitted. The words for the
songs were written by P. C. Ed
wards, '06, Arch Perrin, '06, J. J
Sheehv, '06, and L. S. Levy, '08.
The music to Edwards' song was
written by H. F. Curran, '06. The
yells were written by A. Freeman,
'06, J. Rosenfeld, '06, D. C. Alex
ander, '06, and E. A. Cunha, '06.
After a try-out in the chapel on
Saturday morning the judges of
the prize song and yell contest
chose four songs and four yells from
those submitted. The words for the
songs were written by P. C. Ed
wards, '06, Arch Perrin, '06, J. J
Sheehv, '06, and L. S. Levy, '08.
The music to Edwards' song was
written by H. F. Curran, '06. The
yells were written by A. Freeman,
'06, J. Rosenfeld, '06, D. C. Alex
ander, '06, and E. A. Cunha, '06.
After a try-out in the chapel on
Saturday morning the judges of
the prize song and yell contest
chose four songs and four yells from
those submitted. The words for the
songs were written by P. C. Ed
wards, '06, Arch Perrin, '06, J. J
Sheehv, '06, and L. S. Levy, '08.
The music to Edwards' song was
written by H. F. Curran, '06. The
yells were written by A. Freeman,
'06, J. Rosenfeld, '06, D. C. Alex
ander, '06, and E. A. Cunha, '06.
After a try-out in the chapel on
Saturday morning the judges of
the prize song and yell contest
chose four songs and four yells from
those submitted. The words for the
songs were written by P. C. Ed
wards, '06, Arch Perrin, '06, J. J
Sheehv, '06, and L. S. Levy, '08.
The music to Edwards' song was
written by H. F. Curran, '06. The
yells were written by A. Freeman,
'06, J. Rosenfeld, '06, D. C. Alex
ander, '06, and E. A. Cunha, '06.
After a try-out in the chapel on
Saturday morning the judges of
the prize song and yell contest
chose four songs and four yells from
those submitted. The words for the
songs were written by P. C. Ed
wards, '06, Arch Perrin, '06, J. J
Sheehv, '06, and L. S. Levy, '08.
The music to Edwards' song was
written by H. F. Curran, '06. The
yells were written by A. Freeman,
'06, J. Rosenfeld, '06, D. C. Alex
ander, '06, and E. A. Cunha, '06.
