# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—R. D. Johnson, ex-'OB, played
left end on the West Point team
for the second half of the game
against Tufts College. Johnson
was one of eight freshmen to make
the training-table.
—R. D. Johnson, ex-'OB, played
left end on the West Point team
for the second half of the game
against Tufts College. Johnson
was one of eight freshmen to make
the training-table.
—R. D. Johnson, ex-'OB, played
left end on the West Point team
for the second half of the game
against Tufts College. Johnson
was one of eight freshmen to make
the training-table.
—R. D. Johnson, ex-'OB, played
left end on the West Point team
for the second half of the game
against Tufts College. Johnson
was one of eight freshmen to make
the training-table.
—R. D. Johnson, ex-'OB, played
left end on the West Point team
for the second half of the game
against Tufts College. Johnson
was one of eight freshmen to make
the training-table.
—R. D. Johnson, ex-'OB, played
left end on the West Point team
for the second half of the game
against Tufts College. Johnson
was one of eight freshmen to make
the training-table.
—R. D. Johnson, ex-'OB, played
left end on the West Point team
for the second half of the game
against Tufts College. Johnson
was one of eight freshmen to make
the training-table.
—R. D. Johnson, ex-'OB, played
left end on the West Point team
for the second half of the game
against Tufts College. Johnson
was one of eight freshmen to make
the training-table.
—R. D. Johnson, ex-'OB, played
left end on the West Point team
for the second half of the game
against Tufts College. Johnson
was one of eight freshmen to make
the training-table.
