# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Lisa Romerein/Daily
Take a dive
Brent Nolan, a senior at Gunn High School, swan dives into Lake
Lagunita yesterday afternoon. Time for would-be divers attempt
ing to to duplicate Nolan's effort, however, is running out. Soon
they will be diving into a dry lake bed.

Lisa Romerein/Daily
Take a dive
Brent Nolan, a senior at Gunn High School, swan dives into Lake
Lagunita yesterday afternoon. Time for would-be divers attempt
ing to to duplicate Nolan's effort, however, is running out. Soon
they will be diving into a dry lake bed.

Lisa Romerein/Daily
Take a dive
Brent Nolan, a senior at Gunn High School, swan dives into Lake
Lagunita yesterday afternoon. Time for would-be divers attempt
ing to to duplicate Nolan's effort, however, is running out. Soon
they will be diving into a dry lake bed.

Lisa Romerein/Daily
Take a dive
Brent Nolan, a senior at Gunn High School, swan dives into Lake
Lagunita yesterday afternoon. Time for would-be divers attempt
ing to to duplicate Nolan's effort, however, is running out. Soon
they will be diving into a dry lake bed.

Lisa Romerein/Daily
Take a dive
Brent Nolan, a senior at Gunn High School, swan dives into Lake
Lagunita yesterday afternoon. Time for would-be divers attempt
ing to to duplicate Nolan's effort, however, is running out. Soon
they will be diving into a dry lake bed.

Lisa Romerein/Daily
Take a dive
Brent Nolan, a senior at Gunn High School, swan dives into Lake
Lagunita yesterday afternoon. Time for would-be divers attempt
ing to to duplicate Nolan's effort, however, is running out. Soon
they will be diving into a dry lake bed.

Lisa Romerein/Daily
Take a dive
Brent Nolan, a senior at Gunn High School, swan dives into Lake
Lagunita yesterday afternoon. Time for would-be divers attempt
ing to to duplicate Nolan's effort, however, is running out. Soon
they will be diving into a dry lake bed.
