# Adv. 4 Page 2
## 
### 
"Brush up" on your
Dancing
a
With the many informal and
formal dances scheduled for
the coming month, improve
your dancing at Ludwig's
Studio. Expert instruction.
a critical analysis given
free of charge.
DANCING LESSONS
©
Ludwig's Siudio
Geary S(. Franklin !3i)B
"Brush up" on your
Dancing
a
With the many informal and
formal dances scheduled for
the coming month, improve
your dancing at Ludwig's
Studio. Expert instruction.
a critical analysis given
free of charge.
DANCING LESSONS
©
Ludwig's Siudio
Geary S(. Franklin !3i)B
"Brush up" on your
Dancing
a
With the many informal and
formal dances scheduled for
the coming month, improve
your dancing at Ludwig's
Studio. Expert instruction.
a critical analysis given
free of charge.
DANCING LESSONS
©
Ludwig's Siudio
Geary S(. Franklin !3i)B
"Brush up" on your
Dancing
a
With the many informal and
formal dances scheduled for
the coming month, improve
your dancing at Ludwig's
Studio. Expert instruction.
a critical analysis given
free of charge.
DANCING LESSONS
©
Ludwig's Siudio
Geary S(. Franklin !3i)B
"Brush up" on your
Dancing
a
With the many informal and
formal dances scheduled for
the coming month, improve
your dancing at Ludwig's
Studio. Expert instruction.
a critical analysis given
free of charge.
DANCING LESSONS
©
Ludwig's Siudio
Geary S(. Franklin !3i)B
"Brush up" on your
Dancing
a
With the many informal and
formal dances scheduled for
the coming month, improve
your dancing at Ludwig's
Studio. Expert instruction.
a critical analysis given
free of charge.
DANCING LESSONS
©
Ludwig's Siudio
Geary S(. Franklin !3i)B
"Brush up" on your
Dancing
a
With the many informal and
formal dances scheduled for
the coming month, improve
your dancing at Ludwig's
Studio. Expert instruction.
a critical analysis given
free of charge.
DANCING LESSONS
©
Ludwig's Siudio
Geary S(. Franklin !3i)B
"Brush up" on your
Dancing
a
With the many informal and
formal dances scheduled for
the coming month, improve
your dancing at Ludwig's
Studio. Expert instruction.
a critical analysis given
free of charge.
DANCING LESSONS
©
Ludwig's Siudio
Geary S(. Franklin !3i)B
"Brush up" on your
Dancing
a
With the many informal and
formal dances scheduled for
the coming month, improve
your dancing at Ludwig's
Studio. Expert instruction.
a critical analysis given
free of charge.
DANCING LESSONS
©
Ludwig's Siudio
Geary S(. Franklin !3i)B
"Brush up" on your
Dancing
a
With the many informal and
formal dances scheduled for
the coming month, improve
your dancing at Ludwig's
Studio. Expert instruction.
a critical analysis given
free of charge.
DANCING LESSONS
©
Ludwig's Siudio
Geary S(. Franklin !3i)B
"Brush up" on your
Dancing
a
With the many informal and
formal dances scheduled for
the coming month, improve
your dancing at Ludwig's
Studio. Expert instruction.
a critical analysis given
free of charge.
DANCING LESSONS
©
Ludwig's Siudio
Geary S(. Franklin !3i)B
"Brush up" on your
Dancing
a
With the many informal and
formal dances scheduled for
the coming month, improve
your dancing at Ludwig's
Studio. Expert instruction.
a critical analysis given
free of charge.
DANCING LESSONS
©
Ludwig's Siudio
Geary S(. Franklin !3i)B
"Brush up" on your
Dancing
a
With the many informal and
formal dances scheduled for
the coming month, improve
your dancing at Ludwig's
Studio. Expert instruction.
a critical analysis given
free of charge.
DANCING LESSONS
©
Ludwig's Siudio
Geary S(. Franklin !3i)B
"Brush up" on your
Dancing
a
With the many informal and
formal dances scheduled for
the coming month, improve
your dancing at Ludwig's
Studio. Expert instruction.
a critical analysis given
free of charge.
DANCING LESSONS
©
Ludwig's Siudio
Geary S(. Franklin !3i)B
"Brush up" on your
Dancing
a
With the many informal and
formal dances scheduled for
the coming month, improve
your dancing at Ludwig's
Studio. Expert instruction.
a critical analysis given
free of charge.
DANCING LESSONS
©
Ludwig's Siudio
Geary S(. Franklin !3i)B
"Brush up" on your
Dancing
a
With the many informal and
formal dances scheduled for
the coming month, improve
your dancing at Ludwig's
Studio. Expert instruction.
a critical analysis given
free of charge.
DANCING LESSONS
©
Ludwig's Siudio
Geary S(. Franklin !3i)B
