# Berlin Declares Fighting Impossible.
## 
### 
BERLIN, (via wireless) —Jan. 8. —
Official statements in direct contra
diction to the French claims declare
that fighting in Flanders is impos
sible, owing to the rains, mud and be
cause transportation is impossible. The
French attacks in the vicinity of
Rheims have been declared repulsed.
German troops claim further progress
in the Argonne district west of the
Meuse. It is reported that the French
attacks in Alsace and the Voages have
been checked.
BERLIN, (via wireless) —Jan. 8. —
Official statements in direct contra
diction to the French claims declare
that fighting in Flanders is impos
sible, owing to the rains, mud and be
cause transportation is impossible. The
French attacks in the vicinity of
Rheims have been declared repulsed.
German troops claim further progress
in the Argonne district west of the
Meuse. It is reported that the French
attacks in Alsace and the Voages have
been checked.
BERLIN, (via wireless) —Jan. 8. —
Official statements in direct contra
diction to the French claims declare
that fighting in Flanders is impos
sible, owing to the rains, mud and be
cause transportation is impossible. The
French attacks in the vicinity of
Rheims have been declared repulsed.
German troops claim further progress
in the Argonne district west of the
Meuse. It is reported that the French
attacks in Alsace and the Voages have
been checked.
BERLIN, (via wireless) —Jan. 8. —
Official statements in direct contra
diction to the French claims declare
that fighting in Flanders is impos
sible, owing to the rains, mud and be
cause transportation is impossible. The
French attacks in the vicinity of
Rheims have been declared repulsed.
German troops claim further progress
in the Argonne district west of the
Meuse. It is reported that the French
attacks in Alsace and the Voages have
been checked.
BERLIN, (via wireless) —Jan. 8. —
Official statements in direct contra
diction to the French claims declare
that fighting in Flanders is impos
sible, owing to the rains, mud and be
cause transportation is impossible. The
French attacks in the vicinity of
Rheims have been declared repulsed.
German troops claim further progress
in the Argonne district west of the
Meuse. It is reported that the French
attacks in Alsace and the Voages have
been checked.
BERLIN, (via wireless) —Jan. 8. —
Official statements in direct contra
diction to the French claims declare
that fighting in Flanders is impos
sible, owing to the rains, mud and be
cause transportation is impossible. The
French attacks in the vicinity of
Rheims have been declared repulsed.
German troops claim further progress
in the Argonne district west of the
Meuse. It is reported that the French
attacks in Alsace and the Voages have
been checked.
BERLIN, (via wireless) —Jan. 8. —
Official statements in direct contra
diction to the French claims declare
that fighting in Flanders is impos
sible, owing to the rains, mud and be
cause transportation is impossible. The
French attacks in the vicinity of
Rheims have been declared repulsed.
German troops claim further progress
in the Argonne district west of the
Meuse. It is reported that the French
attacks in Alsace and the Voages have
been checked.
BERLIN, (via wireless) —Jan. 8. —
Official statements in direct contra
diction to the French claims declare
that fighting in Flanders is impos
sible, owing to the rains, mud and be
cause transportation is impossible. The
French attacks in the vicinity of
Rheims have been declared repulsed.
German troops claim further progress
in the Argonne district west of the
Meuse. It is reported that the French
attacks in Alsace and the Voages have
been checked.
BERLIN, (via wireless) —Jan. 8. —
Official statements in direct contra
diction to the French claims declare
that fighting in Flanders is impos
sible, owing to the rains, mud and be
cause transportation is impossible. The
French attacks in the vicinity of
Rheims have been declared repulsed.
German troops claim further progress
in the Argonne district west of the
Meuse. It is reported that the French
attacks in Alsace and the Voages have
been checked.
BERLIN, (via wireless) —Jan. 8. —
Official statements in direct contra
diction to the French claims declare
that fighting in Flanders is impos
sible, owing to the rains, mud and be
cause transportation is impossible. The
French attacks in the vicinity of
Rheims have been declared repulsed.
German troops claim further progress
in the Argonne district west of the
Meuse. It is reported that the French
attacks in Alsace and the Voages have
been checked.
BERLIN, (via wireless) —Jan. 8. —
Official statements in direct contra
diction to the French claims declare
that fighting in Flanders is impos
sible, owing to the rains, mud and be
cause transportation is impossible. The
French attacks in the vicinity of
Rheims have been declared repulsed.
German troops claim further progress
in the Argonne district west of the
Meuse. It is reported that the French
attacks in Alsace and the Voages have
been checked.
BERLIN, (via wireless) —Jan. 8. —
Official statements in direct contra
diction to the French claims declare
that fighting in Flanders is impos
sible, owing to the rains, mud and be
cause transportation is impossible. The
French attacks in the vicinity of
Rheims have been declared repulsed.
German troops claim further progress
in the Argonne district west of the
Meuse. It is reported that the French
attacks in Alsace and the Voages have
been checked.
BERLIN, (via wireless) —Jan. 8. —
Official statements in direct contra
diction to the French claims declare
that fighting in Flanders is impos
sible, owing to the rains, mud and be
cause transportation is impossible. The
French attacks in the vicinity of
Rheims have been declared repulsed.
German troops claim further progress
in the Argonne district west of the
Meuse. It is reported that the French
attacks in Alsace and the Voages have
been checked.
