# CARDINAL BASKETBALL TEAM IN FIRST FRAY TO CLASH WITH DAVIS
## New Men to Be Given Try-Out in First 1915 Intecollegiate Contest. 
### 
Hasketball fans of the Stanford com
munity will be given their first oppor
tunity of the season to judge the cali
ber of this year's Cardinal quintet to
morrow night, when the local pla>eis
hook up with a squad from the Califor
nia Agricultural School at Davis.
The game will lie a practice tussle,
but a large number of rooters are ex
pected out, as the "Farmers are light
ing players, and will put the Stanford
men up to a hard contest. In order to
allow as many as possible enthusiasts
to witness the fray, the management
has announced that holders of season
tickets will 1)0 admitted free. Enough
seats for three hundred indoor bleaeh
erites will be provided.
No exact line-up can be decided on
yet. as Coach Reynolds w'shes to try
out some of the new basket tossers, in
n came in which the result is not of
H. A. Buffum, '18, and M. L. Mc-
Clin'tock, '18. All others who wish to
enter into the competition for places
on either the Tri-State or class teams
should give their names to A. F.
Coyle, '15, as soon as possible.
Hasketball fans of the Stanford com
munity will be given their first oppor
tunity of the season to judge the cali
ber of this year's Cardinal quintet to
morrow night, when the local pla>eis
hook up with a squad from the Califor
nia Agricultural School at Davis.
The game will lie a practice tussle,
but a large number of rooters are ex
pected out, as the "Farmers are light
ing players, and will put the Stanford
men up to a hard contest. In order to
allow as many as possible enthusiasts
to witness the fray, the management
has announced that holders of season
tickets will 1)0 admitted free. Enough
seats for three hundred indoor bleaeh
erites will be provided.
No exact line-up can be decided on
yet. as Coach Reynolds w'shes to try
out some of the new basket tossers, in
n came in which the result is not of
H. A. Buffum, '18, and M. L. Mc-
Clin'tock, '18. All others who wish to
enter into the competition for places
on either the Tri-State or class teams
should give their names to A. F.
Coyle, '15, as soon as possible.
Hasketball fans of the Stanford com
munity will be given their first oppor
tunity of the season to judge the cali
ber of this year's Cardinal quintet to
morrow night, when the local pla>eis
hook up with a squad from the Califor
nia Agricultural School at Davis.
The game will lie a practice tussle,
but a large number of rooters are ex
pected out, as the "Farmers are light
ing players, and will put the Stanford
men up to a hard contest. In order to
allow as many as possible enthusiasts
to witness the fray, the management
has announced that holders of season
tickets will 1)0 admitted free. Enough
seats for three hundred indoor bleaeh
erites will be provided.
No exact line-up can be decided on
yet. as Coach Reynolds w'shes to try
out some of the new basket tossers, in
n came in which the result is not of
H. A. Buffum, '18, and M. L. Mc-
Clin'tock, '18. All others who wish to
enter into the competition for places
on either the Tri-State or class teams
should give their names to A. F.
Coyle, '15, as soon as possible.
Hasketball fans of the Stanford com
munity will be given their first oppor
tunity of the season to judge the cali
ber of this year's Cardinal quintet to
morrow night, when the local pla>eis
hook up with a squad from the Califor
nia Agricultural School at Davis.
The game will lie a practice tussle,
but a large number of rooters are ex
pected out, as the "Farmers are light
ing players, and will put the Stanford
men up to a hard contest. In order to
allow as many as possible enthusiasts
to witness the fray, the management
has announced that holders of season
tickets will 1)0 admitted free. Enough
seats for three hundred indoor bleaeh
erites will be provided.
No exact line-up can be decided on
yet. as Coach Reynolds w'shes to try
out some of the new basket tossers, in
n came in which the result is not of
H. A. Buffum, '18, and M. L. Mc-
Clin'tock, '18. All others who wish to
enter into the competition for places
on either the Tri-State or class teams
should give their names to A. F.
Coyle, '15, as soon as possible.
Hasketball fans of the Stanford com
munity will be given their first oppor
tunity of the season to judge the cali
ber of this year's Cardinal quintet to
morrow night, when the local pla>eis
hook up with a squad from the Califor
nia Agricultural School at Davis.
The game will lie a practice tussle,
but a large number of rooters are ex
pected out, as the "Farmers are light
ing players, and will put the Stanford
men up to a hard contest. In order to
allow as many as possible enthusiasts
to witness the fray, the management
has announced that holders of season
tickets will 1)0 admitted free. Enough
seats for three hundred indoor bleaeh
erites will be provided.
No exact line-up can be decided on
yet. as Coach Reynolds w'shes to try
out some of the new basket tossers, in
n came in which the result is not of
H. A. Buffum, '18, and M. L. Mc-
Clin'tock, '18. All others who wish to
enter into the competition for places
on either the Tri-State or class teams
should give their names to A. F.
Coyle, '15, as soon as possible.
Hasketball fans of the Stanford com
munity will be given their first oppor
tunity of the season to judge the cali
ber of this year's Cardinal quintet to
morrow night, when the local pla>eis
hook up with a squad from the Califor
nia Agricultural School at Davis.
The game will lie a practice tussle,
but a large number of rooters are ex
pected out, as the "Farmers are light
ing players, and will put the Stanford
men up to a hard contest. In order to
allow as many as possible enthusiasts
to witness the fray, the management
has announced that holders of season
tickets will 1)0 admitted free. Enough
seats for three hundred indoor bleaeh
erites will be provided.
No exact line-up can be decided on
yet. as Coach Reynolds w'shes to try
out some of the new basket tossers, in
n came in which the result is not of
H. A. Buffum, '18, and M. L. Mc-
Clin'tock, '18. All others who wish to
enter into the competition for places
on either the Tri-State or class teams
should give their names to A. F.
Coyle, '15, as soon as possible.
Hasketball fans of the Stanford com
munity will be given their first oppor
tunity of the season to judge the cali
ber of this year's Cardinal quintet to
morrow night, when the local pla>eis
hook up with a squad from the Califor
nia Agricultural School at Davis.
The game will lie a practice tussle,
but a large number of rooters are ex
pected out, as the "Farmers are light
ing players, and will put the Stanford
men up to a hard contest. In order to
allow as many as possible enthusiasts
to witness the fray, the management
has announced that holders of season
tickets will 1)0 admitted free. Enough
seats for three hundred indoor bleaeh
erites will be provided.
No exact line-up can be decided on
yet. as Coach Reynolds w'shes to try
out some of the new basket tossers, in
n came in which the result is not of
H. A. Buffum, '18, and M. L. Mc-
Clin'tock, '18. All others who wish to
enter into the competition for places
on either the Tri-State or class teams
should give their names to A. F.
Coyle, '15, as soon as possible.
Hasketball fans of the Stanford com
munity will be given their first oppor
tunity of the season to judge the cali
ber of this year's Cardinal quintet to
morrow night, when the local pla>eis
hook up with a squad from the Califor
nia Agricultural School at Davis.
The game will lie a practice tussle,
but a large number of rooters are ex
pected out, as the "Farmers are light
ing players, and will put the Stanford
men up to a hard contest. In order to
allow as many as possible enthusiasts
to witness the fray, the management
has announced that holders of season
tickets will 1)0 admitted free. Enough
seats for three hundred indoor bleaeh
erites will be provided.
No exact line-up can be decided on
yet. as Coach Reynolds w'shes to try
out some of the new basket tossers, in
n came in which the result is not of
H. A. Buffum, '18, and M. L. Mc-
Clin'tock, '18. All others who wish to
enter into the competition for places
on either the Tri-State or class teams
should give their names to A. F.
Coyle, '15, as soon as possible.
Hasketball fans of the Stanford com
munity will be given their first oppor
tunity of the season to judge the cali
ber of this year's Cardinal quintet to
morrow night, when the local pla>eis
hook up with a squad from the Califor
nia Agricultural School at Davis.
The game will lie a practice tussle,
but a large number of rooters are ex
pected out, as the "Farmers are light
ing players, and will put the Stanford
men up to a hard contest. In order to
allow as many as possible enthusiasts
to witness the fray, the management
has announced that holders of season
tickets will 1)0 admitted free. Enough
seats for three hundred indoor bleaeh
erites will be provided.
No exact line-up can be decided on
yet. as Coach Reynolds w'shes to try
out some of the new basket tossers, in
n came in which the result is not of
H. A. Buffum, '18, and M. L. Mc-
Clin'tock, '18. All others who wish to
enter into the competition for places
on either the Tri-State or class teams
should give their names to A. F.
Coyle, '15, as soon as possible.
Hasketball fans of the Stanford com
munity will be given their first oppor
tunity of the season to judge the cali
ber of this year's Cardinal quintet to
morrow night, when the local pla>eis
hook up with a squad from the Califor
nia Agricultural School at Davis.
The game will lie a practice tussle,
but a large number of rooters are ex
pected out, as the "Farmers are light
ing players, and will put the Stanford
men up to a hard contest. In order to
allow as many as possible enthusiasts
to witness the fray, the management
has announced that holders of season
tickets will 1)0 admitted free. Enough
seats for three hundred indoor bleaeh
erites will be provided.
No exact line-up can be decided on
yet. as Coach Reynolds w'shes to try
out some of the new basket tossers, in
n came in which the result is not of
H. A. Buffum, '18, and M. L. Mc-
Clin'tock, '18. All others who wish to
enter into the competition for places
on either the Tri-State or class teams
should give their names to A. F.
Coyle, '15, as soon as possible.
Hasketball fans of the Stanford com
munity will be given their first oppor
tunity of the season to judge the cali
ber of this year's Cardinal quintet to
morrow night, when the local pla>eis
hook up with a squad from the Califor
nia Agricultural School at Davis.
The game will lie a practice tussle,
but a large number of rooters are ex
pected out, as the "Farmers are light
ing players, and will put the Stanford
men up to a hard contest. In order to
allow as many as possible enthusiasts
to witness the fray, the management
has announced that holders of season
tickets will 1)0 admitted free. Enough
seats for three hundred indoor bleaeh
erites will be provided.
No exact line-up can be decided on
yet. as Coach Reynolds w'shes to try
out some of the new basket tossers, in
n came in which the result is not of
H. A. Buffum, '18, and M. L. Mc-
Clin'tock, '18. All others who wish to
enter into the competition for places
on either the Tri-State or class teams
should give their names to A. F.
Coyle, '15, as soon as possible.
Hasketball fans of the Stanford com
munity will be given their first oppor
tunity of the season to judge the cali
ber of this year's Cardinal quintet to
morrow night, when the local pla>eis
hook up with a squad from the Califor
nia Agricultural School at Davis.
The game will lie a practice tussle,
but a large number of rooters are ex
pected out, as the "Farmers are light
ing players, and will put the Stanford
men up to a hard contest. In order to
allow as many as possible enthusiasts
to witness the fray, the management
has announced that holders of season
tickets will 1)0 admitted free. Enough
seats for three hundred indoor bleaeh
erites will be provided.
No exact line-up can be decided on
yet. as Coach Reynolds w'shes to try
out some of the new basket tossers, in
n came in which the result is not of
H. A. Buffum, '18, and M. L. Mc-
Clin'tock, '18. All others who wish to
enter into the competition for places
on either the Tri-State or class teams
should give their names to A. F.
Coyle, '15, as soon as possible.
Hasketball fans of the Stanford com
munity will be given their first oppor
tunity of the season to judge the cali
ber of this year's Cardinal quintet to
morrow night, when the local pla>eis
hook up with a squad from the Califor
nia Agricultural School at Davis.
The game will lie a practice tussle,
but a large number of rooters are ex
pected out, as the "Farmers are light
ing players, and will put the Stanford
men up to a hard contest. In order to
allow as many as possible enthusiasts
to witness the fray, the management
has announced that holders of season
tickets will 1)0 admitted free. Enough
seats for three hundred indoor bleaeh
erites will be provided.
No exact line-up can be decided on
yet. as Coach Reynolds w'shes to try
out some of the new basket tossers, in
n came in which the result is not of
H. A. Buffum, '18, and M. L. Mc-
Clin'tock, '18. All others who wish to
enter into the competition for places
on either the Tri-State or class teams
should give their names to A. F.
Coyle, '15, as soon as possible.
