# Adv. 13 Page 5
## 
### 
SPALDING
SWEATERS
Made throughout in
our own factories of
the best material and
finest workmanship.
All popular styles
in gray, black, navy
and maroon.
From $5 to <$16.50
Catalogue on request
a. Spalding
& BROS.
15(> Geary St.
San Francisco
FREMONT
KANTEENETTE
OPEN ALL NIGHT
WAFFLES AND
COFFEE 15c
HOME MADE PIES
Across From The Regent
SPALDING
SWEATERS
Made throughout in
our own factories of
the best material and
finest workmanship.
All popular styles
in gray, black, navy
and maroon.
From $5 to <$16.50
Catalogue on request
a. Spalding
& BROS.
15(> Geary St.
San Francisco
FREMONT
KANTEENETTE
OPEN ALL NIGHT
WAFFLES AND
COFFEE 15c
HOME MADE PIES
Across From The Regent
SPALDING
SWEATERS
Made throughout in
our own factories of
the best material and
finest workmanship.
All popular styles
in gray, black, navy
and maroon.
From $5 to <$16.50
Catalogue on request
a. Spalding
& BROS.
15(> Geary St.
San Francisco
FREMONT
KANTEENETTE
OPEN ALL NIGHT
WAFFLES AND
COFFEE 15c
HOME MADE PIES
Across From The Regent
SPALDING
SWEATERS
Made throughout in
our own factories of
the best material and
finest workmanship.
All popular styles
in gray, black, navy
and maroon.
From $5 to <$16.50
Catalogue on request
a. Spalding
& BROS.
15(> Geary St.
San Francisco
FREMONT
KANTEENETTE
OPEN ALL NIGHT
WAFFLES AND
COFFEE 15c
HOME MADE PIES
Across From The Regent
SPALDING
SWEATERS
Made throughout in
our own factories of
the best material and
finest workmanship.
All popular styles
in gray, black, navy
and maroon.
From $5 to <$16.50
Catalogue on request
a. Spalding
& BROS.
15(> Geary St.
San Francisco
FREMONT
KANTEENETTE
OPEN ALL NIGHT
WAFFLES AND
COFFEE 15c
HOME MADE PIES
Across From The Regent
SPALDING
SWEATERS
Made throughout in
our own factories of
the best material and
finest workmanship.
All popular styles
in gray, black, navy
and maroon.
From $5 to <$16.50
Catalogue on request
a. Spalding
& BROS.
15(> Geary St.
San Francisco
FREMONT
KANTEENETTE
OPEN ALL NIGHT
WAFFLES AND
COFFEE 15c
HOME MADE PIES
Across From The Regent
SPALDING
SWEATERS
Made throughout in
our own factories of
the best material and
finest workmanship.
All popular styles
in gray, black, navy
and maroon.
From $5 to <$16.50
Catalogue on request
a. Spalding
& BROS.
15(> Geary St.
San Francisco
FREMONT
KANTEENETTE
OPEN ALL NIGHT
WAFFLES AND
COFFEE 15c
HOME MADE PIES
Across From The Regent
SPALDING
SWEATERS
Made throughout in
our own factories of
the best material and
finest workmanship.
All popular styles
in gray, black, navy
and maroon.
From $5 to <$16.50
Catalogue on request
a. Spalding
& BROS.
15(> Geary St.
San Francisco
FREMONT
KANTEENETTE
OPEN ALL NIGHT
WAFFLES AND
COFFEE 15c
HOME MADE PIES
Across From The Regent
SPALDING
SWEATERS
Made throughout in
our own factories of
the best material and
finest workmanship.
All popular styles
in gray, black, navy
and maroon.
From $5 to <$16.50
Catalogue on request
a. Spalding
& BROS.
15(> Geary St.
San Francisco
FREMONT
KANTEENETTE
OPEN ALL NIGHT
WAFFLES AND
COFFEE 15c
HOME MADE PIES
Across From The Regent
SPALDING
SWEATERS
Made throughout in
our own factories of
the best material and
finest workmanship.
All popular styles
in gray, black, navy
and maroon.
From $5 to <$16.50
Catalogue on request
a. Spalding
& BROS.
15(> Geary St.
San Francisco
FREMONT
KANTEENETTE
OPEN ALL NIGHT
WAFFLES AND
COFFEE 15c
HOME MADE PIES
Across From The Regent
SPALDING
SWEATERS
Made throughout in
our own factories of
the best material and
finest workmanship.
All popular styles
in gray, black, navy
and maroon.
From $5 to <$16.50
Catalogue on request
a. Spalding
& BROS.
15(> Geary St.
San Francisco
FREMONT
KANTEENETTE
OPEN ALL NIGHT
WAFFLES AND
COFFEE 15c
HOME MADE PIES
Across From The Regent
SPALDING
SWEATERS
Made throughout in
our own factories of
the best material and
finest workmanship.
All popular styles
in gray, black, navy
and maroon.
From $5 to <$16.50
Catalogue on request
a. Spalding
& BROS.
15(> Geary St.
San Francisco
FREMONT
KANTEENETTE
OPEN ALL NIGHT
WAFFLES AND
COFFEE 15c
HOME MADE PIES
Across From The Regent
SPALDING
SWEATERS
Made throughout in
our own factories of
the best material and
finest workmanship.
All popular styles
in gray, black, navy
and maroon.
From $5 to <$16.50
Catalogue on request
a. Spalding
& BROS.
15(> Geary St.
San Francisco
FREMONT
KANTEENETTE
OPEN ALL NIGHT
WAFFLES AND
COFFEE 15c
HOME MADE PIES
Across From The Regent
SPALDING
SWEATERS
Made throughout in
our own factories of
the best material and
finest workmanship.
All popular styles
in gray, black, navy
and maroon.
From $5 to <$16.50
Catalogue on request
a. Spalding
& BROS.
15(> Geary St.
San Francisco
FREMONT
KANTEENETTE
OPEN ALL NIGHT
WAFFLES AND
COFFEE 15c
HOME MADE PIES
Across From The Regent
SPALDING
SWEATERS
Made throughout in
our own factories of
the best material and
finest workmanship.
All popular styles
in gray, black, navy
and maroon.
From $5 to <$16.50
Catalogue on request
a. Spalding
& BROS.
15(> Geary St.
San Francisco
FREMONT
KANTEENETTE
OPEN ALL NIGHT
WAFFLES AND
COFFEE 15c
HOME MADE PIES
Across From The Regent
SPALDING
SWEATERS
Made throughout in
our own factories of
the best material and
finest workmanship.
All popular styles
in gray, black, navy
and maroon.
From $5 to <$16.50
Catalogue on request
a. Spalding
& BROS.
15(> Geary St.
San Francisco
FREMONT
KANTEENETTE
OPEN ALL NIGHT
WAFFLES AND
COFFEE 15c
HOME MADE PIES
Across From The Regent
