# Untitled Article
## 
### 
With only one veteran back on the
team the University of Pittsburg
opened its basketball season by de
feating both Yale and West Virginia.
All members of last year's squad are
now in service. Several of them are
in France.
With only one veteran back on the
team the University of Pittsburg
opened its basketball season by de
feating both Yale and West Virginia.
All members of last year's squad are
now in service. Several of them are
in France.
With only one veteran back on the
team the University of Pittsburg
opened its basketball season by de
feating both Yale and West Virginia.
All members of last year's squad are
now in service. Several of them are
in France.
With only one veteran back on the
team the University of Pittsburg
opened its basketball season by de
feating both Yale and West Virginia.
All members of last year's squad are
now in service. Several of them are
in France.
With only one veteran back on the
team the University of Pittsburg
opened its basketball season by de
feating both Yale and West Virginia.
All members of last year's squad are
now in service. Several of them are
in France.
With only one veteran back on the
team the University of Pittsburg
opened its basketball season by de
feating both Yale and West Virginia.
All members of last year's squad are
now in service. Several of them are
in France.
With only one veteran back on the
team the University of Pittsburg
opened its basketball season by de
feating both Yale and West Virginia.
All members of last year's squad are
now in service. Several of them are
in France.
With only one veteran back on the
team the University of Pittsburg
opened its basketball season by de
feating both Yale and West Virginia.
All members of last year's squad are
now in service. Several of them are
in France.
With only one veteran back on the
team the University of Pittsburg
opened its basketball season by de
feating both Yale and West Virginia.
All members of last year's squad are
now in service. Several of them are
in France.
With only one veteran back on the
team the University of Pittsburg
opened its basketball season by de
feating both Yale and West Virginia.
All members of last year's squad are
now in service. Several of them are
in France.
With only one veteran back on the
team the University of Pittsburg
opened its basketball season by de
feating both Yale and West Virginia.
All members of last year's squad are
now in service. Several of them are
in France.
With only one veteran back on the
team the University of Pittsburg
opened its basketball season by de
feating both Yale and West Virginia.
All members of last year's squad are
now in service. Several of them are
in France.
With only one veteran back on the
team the University of Pittsburg
opened its basketball season by de
feating both Yale and West Virginia.
All members of last year's squad are
now in service. Several of them are
in France.
With only one veteran back on the
team the University of Pittsburg
opened its basketball season by de
feating both Yale and West Virginia.
All members of last year's squad are
now in service. Several of them are
in France.
With only one veteran back on the
team the University of Pittsburg
opened its basketball season by de
feating both Yale and West Virginia.
All members of last year's squad are
now in service. Several of them are
in France.
With only one veteran back on the
team the University of Pittsburg
opened its basketball season by de
feating both Yale and West Virginia.
All members of last year's squad are
now in service. Several of them are
in France.
