# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Mid-semester reports from Vander
bi It College show that freshman
scholarship has increased consider
ably since last year. Even at this
one-fourth of the members of the
Freshman class were conditioned.
Mid-semester reports from Vander
bi It College show that freshman
scholarship has increased consider
ably since last year. Even at this
one-fourth of the members of the
Freshman class were conditioned.
Mid-semester reports from Vander
bi It College show that freshman
scholarship has increased consider
ably since last year. Even at this
one-fourth of the members of the
Freshman class were conditioned.
Mid-semester reports from Vander
bi It College show that freshman
scholarship has increased consider
ably since last year. Even at this
one-fourth of the members of the
Freshman class were conditioned.
Mid-semester reports from Vander
bi It College show that freshman
scholarship has increased consider
ably since last year. Even at this
one-fourth of the members of the
Freshman class were conditioned.
Mid-semester reports from Vander
bi It College show that freshman
scholarship has increased consider
ably since last year. Even at this
one-fourth of the members of the
Freshman class were conditioned.
Mid-semester reports from Vander
bi It College show that freshman
scholarship has increased consider
ably since last year. Even at this
one-fourth of the members of the
Freshman class were conditioned.
Mid-semester reports from Vander
bi It College show that freshman
scholarship has increased consider
ably since last year. Even at this
one-fourth of the members of the
Freshman class were conditioned.
Mid-semester reports from Vander
bi It College show that freshman
scholarship has increased consider
ably since last year. Even at this
one-fourth of the members of the
Freshman class were conditioned.
Mid-semester reports from Vander
bi It College show that freshman
scholarship has increased consider
ably since last year. Even at this
one-fourth of the members of the
Freshman class were conditioned.
Mid-semester reports from Vander
bi It College show that freshman
scholarship has increased consider
ably since last year. Even at this
one-fourth of the members of the
Freshman class were conditioned.
Mid-semester reports from Vander
bi It College show that freshman
scholarship has increased consider
ably since last year. Even at this
one-fourth of the members of the
Freshman class were conditioned.
Mid-semester reports from Vander
bi It College show that freshman
scholarship has increased consider
ably since last year. Even at this
one-fourth of the members of the
Freshman class were conditioned.
Mid-semester reports from Vander
bi It College show that freshman
scholarship has increased consider
ably since last year. Even at this
one-fourth of the members of the
Freshman class were conditioned.
Mid-semester reports from Vander
bi It College show that freshman
scholarship has increased consider
ably since last year. Even at this
one-fourth of the members of the
Freshman class were conditioned.
Mid-semester reports from Vander
bi It College show that freshman
scholarship has increased consider
ably since last year. Even at this
one-fourth of the members of the
Freshman class were conditioned.
