# Announcements
## 
### 
Till* RSI) AY.
Fivslinijin Smoker—Phi Kappa Psi
house, 8 p.m. For all frelismen.
Orcle Fruuculs—B p.m., Wonien's
Club House. 4
\\ KDNKSDA V.
Junior () peril Try outs —Kappa Kap
pa Gamnui house, 1:30 to 5 p. m.
Till* RSI) AY.
Fivslinijin Smoker—Phi Kappa Psi
house, 8 p.m. For all frelismen.
Orcle Fruuculs—B p.m., Wonien's
Club House. 4
\\ KDNKSDA V.
Junior () peril Try outs —Kappa Kap
pa Gamnui house, 1:30 to 5 p. m.
Till* RSI) AY.
Fivslinijin Smoker—Phi Kappa Psi
house, 8 p.m. For all frelismen.
Orcle Fruuculs—B p.m., Wonien's
Club House. 4
\\ KDNKSDA V.
Junior () peril Try outs —Kappa Kap
pa Gamnui house, 1:30 to 5 p. m.
Till* RSI) AY.
Fivslinijin Smoker—Phi Kappa Psi
house, 8 p.m. For all frelismen.
Orcle Fruuculs—B p.m., Wonien's
Club House. 4
\\ KDNKSDA V.
Junior () peril Try outs —Kappa Kap
pa Gamnui house, 1:30 to 5 p. m.
Till* RSI) AY.
Fivslinijin Smoker—Phi Kappa Psi
house, 8 p.m. For all frelismen.
Orcle Fruuculs—B p.m., Wonien's
Club House. 4
\\ KDNKSDA V.
Junior () peril Try outs —Kappa Kap
pa Gamnui house, 1:30 to 5 p. m.
Till* RSI) AY.
Fivslinijin Smoker—Phi Kappa Psi
house, 8 p.m. For all frelismen.
Orcle Fruuculs—B p.m., Wonien's
Club House. 4
\\ KDNKSDA V.
Junior () peril Try outs —Kappa Kap
pa Gamnui house, 1:30 to 5 p. m.
Till* RSI) AY.
Fivslinijin Smoker—Phi Kappa Psi
house, 8 p.m. For all frelismen.
Orcle Fruuculs—B p.m., Wonien's
Club House. 4
\\ KDNKSDA V.
Junior () peril Try outs —Kappa Kap
pa Gamnui house, 1:30 to 5 p. m.
Till* RSI) AY.
Fivslinijin Smoker—Phi Kappa Psi
house, 8 p.m. For all frelismen.
Orcle Fruuculs—B p.m., Wonien's
Club House. 4
\\ KDNKSDA V.
Junior () peril Try outs —Kappa Kap
pa Gamnui house, 1:30 to 5 p. m.
Till* RSI) AY.
Fivslinijin Smoker—Phi Kappa Psi
house, 8 p.m. For all frelismen.
Orcle Fruuculs—B p.m., Wonien's
Club House. 4
\\ KDNKSDA V.
Junior () peril Try outs —Kappa Kap
pa Gamnui house, 1:30 to 5 p. m.
Till* RSI) AY.
Fivslinijin Smoker—Phi Kappa Psi
house, 8 p.m. For all frelismen.
Orcle Fruuculs—B p.m., Wonien's
Club House. 4
\\ KDNKSDA V.
Junior () peril Try outs —Kappa Kap
pa Gamnui house, 1:30 to 5 p. m.
Till* RSI) AY.
Fivslinijin Smoker—Phi Kappa Psi
house, 8 p.m. For all frelismen.
Orcle Fruuculs—B p.m., Wonien's
Club House. 4
\\ KDNKSDA V.
Junior () peril Try outs —Kappa Kap
pa Gamnui house, 1:30 to 5 p. m.
Till* RSI) AY.
Fivslinijin Smoker—Phi Kappa Psi
house, 8 p.m. For all frelismen.
Orcle Fruuculs—B p.m., Wonien's
Club House. 4
\\ KDNKSDA V.
Junior () peril Try outs —Kappa Kap
pa Gamnui house, 1:30 to 5 p. m.
Till* RSI) AY.
Fivslinijin Smoker—Phi Kappa Psi
house, 8 p.m. For all frelismen.
Orcle Fruuculs—B p.m., Wonien's
Club House. 4
\\ KDNKSDA V.
Junior () peril Try outs —Kappa Kap
pa Gamnui house, 1:30 to 5 p. m.
Till* RSI) AY.
Fivslinijin Smoker—Phi Kappa Psi
house, 8 p.m. For all frelismen.
Orcle Fruuculs—B p.m., Wonien's
Club House. 4
\\ KDNKSDA V.
Junior () peril Try outs —Kappa Kap
pa Gamnui house, 1:30 to 5 p. m.
Till* RSI) AY.
Fivslinijin Smoker—Phi Kappa Psi
house, 8 p.m. For all frelismen.
Orcle Fruuculs—B p.m., Wonien's
Club House. 4
\\ KDNKSDA V.
Junior () peril Try outs —Kappa Kap
pa Gamnui house, 1:30 to 5 p. m.
Till* RSI) AY.
Fivslinijin Smoker—Phi Kappa Psi
house, 8 p.m. For all frelismen.
Orcle Fruuculs—B p.m., Wonien's
Club House. 4
\\ KDNKSDA V.
Junior () peril Try outs —Kappa Kap
pa Gamnui house, 1:30 to 5 p. m.
