# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Kvkuyone seems to feel that tlie
present year promises to be a most
successful one for the University.
\N ith an auspicious opening, ac
companied as it washy a rush of
students entirely unknown here he
fore and totally unexpected in these
hard times, and with an increased
interest in all affairs pertaining to
college, the situation today cer
tainly augurs well for the future.
This is the lirst year that Stan
ford has opened her doors to stu
dents without some cloud or
shadow of douht hovering over the
archway. Now there is no excuse
for us if we do not put Stanford in
the place which, hy reason of her
facilities and her broad founda
tion, she deserves in the educa
tional world.
