# BANNING PRE-REG HEAD
## 
### 
Appointment of Nancy Banning as
head of the pre-reg program for all
new students was approved at Ex
com's meeting last night. An out
line of the proposed program was
read.
Appointment of Nancy Banning as
head of the pre-reg program for all
new students was approved at Ex
com's meeting last night. An out
line of the proposed program was
read.
Appointment of Nancy Banning as
head of the pre-reg program for all
new students was approved at Ex
com's meeting last night. An out
line of the proposed program was
read.
Appointment of Nancy Banning as
head of the pre-reg program for all
new students was approved at Ex
com's meeting last night. An out
line of the proposed program was
read.
Appointment of Nancy Banning as
head of the pre-reg program for all
new students was approved at Ex
com's meeting last night. An out
line of the proposed program was
read.
Appointment of Nancy Banning as
head of the pre-reg program for all
new students was approved at Ex
com's meeting last night. An out
line of the proposed program was
read.
Appointment of Nancy Banning as
head of the pre-reg program for all
new students was approved at Ex
com's meeting last night. An out
line of the proposed program was
read.
Appointment of Nancy Banning as
head of the pre-reg program for all
new students was approved at Ex
com's meeting last night. An out
line of the proposed program was
read.
Appointment of Nancy Banning as
head of the pre-reg program for all
new students was approved at Ex
com's meeting last night. An out
line of the proposed program was
read.
Appointment of Nancy Banning as
head of the pre-reg program for all
new students was approved at Ex
com's meeting last night. An out
line of the proposed program was
read.
Appointment of Nancy Banning as
head of the pre-reg program for all
new students was approved at Ex
com's meeting last night. An out
line of the proposed program was
read.
Appointment of Nancy Banning as
head of the pre-reg program for all
new students was approved at Ex
com's meeting last night. An out
line of the proposed program was
read.
Appointment of Nancy Banning as
head of the pre-reg program for all
new students was approved at Ex
com's meeting last night. An out
line of the proposed program was
read.
Appointment of Nancy Banning as
head of the pre-reg program for all
new students was approved at Ex
com's meeting last night. An out
line of the proposed program was
read.
Appointment of Nancy Banning as
head of the pre-reg program for all
new students was approved at Ex
com's meeting last night. An out
line of the proposed program was
read.
