# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Due to the sugar shortage and the
increase in honey production bil
lions of bees are being shipped from
the apiaries in the South to many
sections of the United States. The
queen bees travel in special "Pull
man" containers by air express, each
accompanied by a court of 10 com
moners or workers with special trav
el rations of sugared water.
Due to the sugar shortage and the
increase in honey production bil
lions of bees are being shipped from
the apiaries in the South to many
sections of the United States. The
queen bees travel in special "Pull
man" containers by air express, each
accompanied by a court of 10 com
moners or workers with special trav
el rations of sugared water.
Due to the sugar shortage and the
increase in honey production bil
lions of bees are being shipped from
the apiaries in the South to many
sections of the United States. The
queen bees travel in special "Pull
man" containers by air express, each
accompanied by a court of 10 com
moners or workers with special trav
el rations of sugared water.
Due to the sugar shortage and the
increase in honey production bil
lions of bees are being shipped from
the apiaries in the South to many
sections of the United States. The
queen bees travel in special "Pull
man" containers by air express, each
accompanied by a court of 10 com
moners or workers with special trav
el rations of sugared water.
Due to the sugar shortage and the
increase in honey production bil
lions of bees are being shipped from
the apiaries in the South to many
sections of the United States. The
queen bees travel in special "Pull
man" containers by air express, each
accompanied by a court of 10 com
moners or workers with special trav
el rations of sugared water.
Due to the sugar shortage and the
increase in honey production bil
lions of bees are being shipped from
the apiaries in the South to many
sections of the United States. The
queen bees travel in special "Pull
man" containers by air express, each
accompanied by a court of 10 com
moners or workers with special trav
el rations of sugared water.
Due to the sugar shortage and the
increase in honey production bil
lions of bees are being shipped from
the apiaries in the South to many
sections of the United States. The
queen bees travel in special "Pull
man" containers by air express, each
accompanied by a court of 10 com
moners or workers with special trav
el rations of sugared water.
Due to the sugar shortage and the
increase in honey production bil
lions of bees are being shipped from
the apiaries in the South to many
sections of the United States. The
queen bees travel in special "Pull
man" containers by air express, each
accompanied by a court of 10 com
moners or workers with special trav
el rations of sugared water.
Due to the sugar shortage and the
increase in honey production bil
lions of bees are being shipped from
the apiaries in the South to many
sections of the United States. The
queen bees travel in special "Pull
man" containers by air express, each
accompanied by a court of 10 com
moners or workers with special trav
el rations of sugared water.
Due to the sugar shortage and the
increase in honey production bil
lions of bees are being shipped from
the apiaries in the South to many
sections of the United States. The
queen bees travel in special "Pull
man" containers by air express, each
accompanied by a court of 10 com
moners or workers with special trav
el rations of sugared water.
Due to the sugar shortage and the
increase in honey production bil
lions of bees are being shipped from
the apiaries in the South to many
sections of the United States. The
queen bees travel in special "Pull
man" containers by air express, each
accompanied by a court of 10 com
moners or workers with special trav
el rations of sugared water.
Due to the sugar shortage and the
increase in honey production bil
lions of bees are being shipped from
the apiaries in the South to many
sections of the United States. The
queen bees travel in special "Pull
man" containers by air express, each
accompanied by a court of 10 com
moners or workers with special trav
el rations of sugared water.
Due to the sugar shortage and the
increase in honey production bil
lions of bees are being shipped from
the apiaries in the South to many
sections of the United States. The
queen bees travel in special "Pull
man" containers by air express, each
accompanied by a court of 10 com
moners or workers with special trav
el rations of sugared water.
Due to the sugar shortage and the
increase in honey production bil
lions of bees are being shipped from
the apiaries in the South to many
sections of the United States. The
queen bees travel in special "Pull
man" containers by air express, each
accompanied by a court of 10 com
moners or workers with special trav
el rations of sugared water.
Due to the sugar shortage and the
increase in honey production bil
lions of bees are being shipped from
the apiaries in the South to many
sections of the United States. The
queen bees travel in special "Pull
man" containers by air express, each
accompanied by a court of 10 com
moners or workers with special trav
el rations of sugared water.
