# Dorm Activities
## Roble Schedules Spring Activities 
### 
Guyla Runyan, Roble president,
released yesterday dates of outstand
ing activities scheduled for spring
quarter. The calendar is as follows:
Birthday Dinner, April 18: Roble
Barbecue, April 22; Roble-Branner-
Ventura Formal, May 19; and Luau
Dinner, May 30.
Inter-corridor spreads and activi
ties will be encouraged, according
to Miss Runyan. "This will be of
particular help in acquainting the
15 new girls in Roble, but will be
fun for the old girls as well," she
said.
Guyla Runyan, Roble president,
released yesterday dates of outstand
ing activities scheduled for spring
quarter. The calendar is as follows:
Birthday Dinner, April 18: Roble
Barbecue, April 22; Roble-Branner-
Ventura Formal, May 19; and Luau
Dinner, May 30.
Inter-corridor spreads and activi
ties will be encouraged, according
to Miss Runyan. "This will be of
particular help in acquainting the
15 new girls in Roble, but will be
fun for the old girls as well," she
said.
Guyla Runyan, Roble president,
released yesterday dates of outstand
ing activities scheduled for spring
quarter. The calendar is as follows:
Birthday Dinner, April 18: Roble
Barbecue, April 22; Roble-Branner-
Ventura Formal, May 19; and Luau
Dinner, May 30.
Inter-corridor spreads and activi
ties will be encouraged, according
to Miss Runyan. "This will be of
particular help in acquainting the
15 new girls in Roble, but will be
fun for the old girls as well," she
said.
Guyla Runyan, Roble president,
released yesterday dates of outstand
ing activities scheduled for spring
quarter. The calendar is as follows:
Birthday Dinner, April 18: Roble
Barbecue, April 22; Roble-Branner-
Ventura Formal, May 19; and Luau
Dinner, May 30.
Inter-corridor spreads and activi
ties will be encouraged, according
to Miss Runyan. "This will be of
particular help in acquainting the
15 new girls in Roble, but will be
fun for the old girls as well," she
said.
Guyla Runyan, Roble president,
released yesterday dates of outstand
ing activities scheduled for spring
quarter. The calendar is as follows:
Birthday Dinner, April 18: Roble
Barbecue, April 22; Roble-Branner-
Ventura Formal, May 19; and Luau
Dinner, May 30.
Inter-corridor spreads and activi
ties will be encouraged, according
to Miss Runyan. "This will be of
particular help in acquainting the
15 new girls in Roble, but will be
fun for the old girls as well," she
said.
Guyla Runyan, Roble president,
released yesterday dates of outstand
ing activities scheduled for spring
quarter. The calendar is as follows:
Birthday Dinner, April 18: Roble
Barbecue, April 22; Roble-Branner-
Ventura Formal, May 19; and Luau
Dinner, May 30.
Inter-corridor spreads and activi
ties will be encouraged, according
to Miss Runyan. "This will be of
particular help in acquainting the
15 new girls in Roble, but will be
fun for the old girls as well," she
said.
Guyla Runyan, Roble president,
released yesterday dates of outstand
ing activities scheduled for spring
quarter. The calendar is as follows:
Birthday Dinner, April 18: Roble
Barbecue, April 22; Roble-Branner-
Ventura Formal, May 19; and Luau
Dinner, May 30.
Inter-corridor spreads and activi
ties will be encouraged, according
to Miss Runyan. "This will be of
particular help in acquainting the
15 new girls in Roble, but will be
fun for the old girls as well," she
said.
Guyla Runyan, Roble president,
released yesterday dates of outstand
ing activities scheduled for spring
quarter. The calendar is as follows:
Birthday Dinner, April 18: Roble
Barbecue, April 22; Roble-Branner-
Ventura Formal, May 19; and Luau
Dinner, May 30.
Inter-corridor spreads and activi
ties will be encouraged, according
to Miss Runyan. "This will be of
particular help in acquainting the
15 new girls in Roble, but will be
fun for the old girls as well," she
said.
Guyla Runyan, Roble president,
released yesterday dates of outstand
ing activities scheduled for spring
quarter. The calendar is as follows:
Birthday Dinner, April 18: Roble
Barbecue, April 22; Roble-Branner-
Ventura Formal, May 19; and Luau
Dinner, May 30.
Inter-corridor spreads and activi
ties will be encouraged, according
to Miss Runyan. "This will be of
particular help in acquainting the
15 new girls in Roble, but will be
fun for the old girls as well," she
said.
Guyla Runyan, Roble president,
released yesterday dates of outstand
ing activities scheduled for spring
quarter. The calendar is as follows:
Birthday Dinner, April 18: Roble
Barbecue, April 22; Roble-Branner-
Ventura Formal, May 19; and Luau
Dinner, May 30.
Inter-corridor spreads and activi
ties will be encouraged, according
to Miss Runyan. "This will be of
particular help in acquainting the
15 new girls in Roble, but will be
fun for the old girls as well," she
said.
Guyla Runyan, Roble president,
released yesterday dates of outstand
ing activities scheduled for spring
quarter. The calendar is as follows:
Birthday Dinner, April 18: Roble
Barbecue, April 22; Roble-Branner-
Ventura Formal, May 19; and Luau
Dinner, May 30.
Inter-corridor spreads and activi
ties will be encouraged, according
to Miss Runyan. "This will be of
particular help in acquainting the
15 new girls in Roble, but will be
fun for the old girls as well," she
said.
Guyla Runyan, Roble president,
released yesterday dates of outstand
ing activities scheduled for spring
quarter. The calendar is as follows:
Birthday Dinner, April 18: Roble
Barbecue, April 22; Roble-Branner-
Ventura Formal, May 19; and Luau
Dinner, May 30.
Inter-corridor spreads and activi
ties will be encouraged, according
to Miss Runyan. "This will be of
particular help in acquainting the
15 new girls in Roble, but will be
fun for the old girls as well," she
said.
Guyla Runyan, Roble president,
released yesterday dates of outstand
ing activities scheduled for spring
quarter. The calendar is as follows:
Birthday Dinner, April 18: Roble
Barbecue, April 22; Roble-Branner-
Ventura Formal, May 19; and Luau
Dinner, May 30.
Inter-corridor spreads and activi
ties will be encouraged, according
to Miss Runyan. "This will be of
particular help in acquainting the
15 new girls in Roble, but will be
fun for the old girls as well," she
said.
Guyla Runyan, Roble president,
released yesterday dates of outstand
ing activities scheduled for spring
quarter. The calendar is as follows:
Birthday Dinner, April 18: Roble
Barbecue, April 22; Roble-Branner-
Ventura Formal, May 19; and Luau
Dinner, May 30.
Inter-corridor spreads and activi
ties will be encouraged, according
to Miss Runyan. "This will be of
particular help in acquainting the
15 new girls in Roble, but will be
fun for the old girls as well," she
said.
Guyla Runyan, Roble president,
released yesterday dates of outstand
ing activities scheduled for spring
quarter. The calendar is as follows:
Birthday Dinner, April 18: Roble
Barbecue, April 22; Roble-Branner-
Ventura Formal, May 19; and Luau
Dinner, May 30.
Inter-corridor spreads and activi
ties will be encouraged, according
to Miss Runyan. "This will be of
particular help in acquainting the
15 new girls in Roble, but will be
fun for the old girls as well," she
said.
