# Joint Concerts of Clubs.
## 
### 
The Stanford Glee mid Mandolin
Clubs will unite with the musical
elubs of the University of Cali
fornia in giving a concert in As
sembly Hall Saturday evening after
the Intercollegiate baseball game.
Tickets will be on sale tomorrow
morning.
The Stanford Glee mid Mandolin
Clubs will unite with the musical
elubs of the University of Cali
fornia in giving a concert in As
sembly Hall Saturday evening after
the Intercollegiate baseball game.
Tickets will be on sale tomorrow
morning.
The Stanford Glee mid Mandolin
Clubs will unite with the musical
elubs of the University of Cali
fornia in giving a concert in As
sembly Hall Saturday evening after
the Intercollegiate baseball game.
Tickets will be on sale tomorrow
morning.
The Stanford Glee mid Mandolin
Clubs will unite with the musical
elubs of the University of Cali
fornia in giving a concert in As
sembly Hall Saturday evening after
the Intercollegiate baseball game.
Tickets will be on sale tomorrow
morning.
The Stanford Glee mid Mandolin
Clubs will unite with the musical
elubs of the University of Cali
fornia in giving a concert in As
sembly Hall Saturday evening after
the Intercollegiate baseball game.
Tickets will be on sale tomorrow
morning.
The Stanford Glee mid Mandolin
Clubs will unite with the musical
elubs of the University of Cali
fornia in giving a concert in As
sembly Hall Saturday evening after
the Intercollegiate baseball game.
Tickets will be on sale tomorrow
morning.
The Stanford Glee mid Mandolin
Clubs will unite with the musical
elubs of the University of Cali
fornia in giving a concert in As
sembly Hall Saturday evening after
the Intercollegiate baseball game.
Tickets will be on sale tomorrow
morning.
