# Addition to Schedule.
## 
### 
Wednesday afternoon at 3:30
Ireland's Independents and the
Varsity will play ball on the cam
pus diamond. This will be the
fifth game of the season between
these teams, two victories being
gained by each. Ireland will bring
a strong nine.
Wednesday afternoon at 3:30
Ireland's Independents and the
Varsity will play ball on the cam
pus diamond. This will be the
fifth game of the season between
these teams, two victories being
gained by each. Ireland will bring
a strong nine.
Wednesday afternoon at 3:30
Ireland's Independents and the
Varsity will play ball on the cam
pus diamond. This will be the
fifth game of the season between
these teams, two victories being
gained by each. Ireland will bring
a strong nine.
Wednesday afternoon at 3:30
Ireland's Independents and the
Varsity will play ball on the cam
pus diamond. This will be the
fifth game of the season between
these teams, two victories being
gained by each. Ireland will bring
a strong nine.
Wednesday afternoon at 3:30
Ireland's Independents and the
Varsity will play ball on the cam
pus diamond. This will be the
fifth game of the season between
these teams, two victories being
gained by each. Ireland will bring
a strong nine.
Wednesday afternoon at 3:30
Ireland's Independents and the
Varsity will play ball on the cam
pus diamond. This will be the
fifth game of the season between
these teams, two victories being
gained by each. Ireland will bring
a strong nine.
Wednesday afternoon at 3:30
Ireland's Independents and the
Varsity will play ball on the cam
pus diamond. This will be the
fifth game of the season between
these teams, two victories being
gained by each. Ireland will bring
a strong nine.
