# Students should be involved in STS choice
## 
### 
I'm not going to comment on the
value of the science, technology and
society program. I'm not going to com
ment even though I find it odd that in
a time when technology is rapidly
transforming the society, when society
is only beginning to wrestle with the
thorny moral, ethical and legal issues
involving technology (hoth known and
unforeseen), when one would expect
academia to take the lead in con
fronting these issues, Stanford Uni
versity, a world-class institution locat
ed in its unique position right in the
heartland of high technology, would
decide to retreat from an established
program posed to make a valuable
contribution.
What I object to is the blatant lack
of regard the University has shown

for the voice of the students. There
was no consultation or prior warning
of the impending decision to the stu
dent body as a whole, as far as I can
tell. In fact, it apparently came as a
complete surprise to many of my STS
student friends.
I do not pretend to claim that Stan
ford is a democracy. But I do expect
the administration to run it in an
enlightened fashion. If Stanford wants
to claim that it cares at all about
teaching and that it cares about its
students' well-being, I believe it is
important that it at least solicit and
take into consideration students'
interests and opinions, however incon
venient and unwelcome they may be
at times.
It's ironic that on the one hand
Stanford likes to boast of the SAT
scores, the GRE scores, and the grade
point averages of its incoming stu
dents, yet repeatedly treats us like
infants, or worse, as adversaries in

matters that concern us.
Nothing in this letter is original.
The sentiments it expresses have been
repeated by many other letters to edi
tors past, and sadly, will likely be
repeated in many more letters to
come.
I applaud the students' attempt to
express their opinions and fight the
decision to end the STS major, as well
as continued support for programs
they care about by alumni such as Jef
frey Benesch.
But this is more than just about the
STS program. I believe there is a need
for the University administration to
take a hard look at its relationship
with the faculty and student body, and
figure out a way to better solicit and
incorporate their opinions in major
decisions.
And it is our responsibility to make
sure that they do so.
Michael Y. Kwong
Cotcrrninal student, electrical engineering
I'm not going to comment on the
value of the science, technology and
society program. I'm not going to com
ment even though I find it odd that in
a time when technology is rapidly
transforming the society, when society
is only beginning to wrestle with the
thorny moral, ethical and legal issues
involving technology (hoth known and
unforeseen), when one would expect
academia to take the lead in con
fronting these issues, Stanford Uni
versity, a world-class institution locat
ed in its unique position right in the
heartland of high technology, would
decide to retreat from an established
program posed to make a valuable
contribution.
What I object to is the blatant lack
of regard the University has shown

for the voice of the students. There
was no consultation or prior warning
of the impending decision to the stu
dent body as a whole, as far as I can
tell. In fact, it apparently came as a
complete surprise to many of my STS
student friends.
I do not pretend to claim that Stan
ford is a democracy. But I do expect
the administration to run it in an
enlightened fashion. If Stanford wants
to claim that it cares at all about
teaching and that it cares about its
students' well-being, I believe it is
important that it at least solicit and
take into consideration students'
interests and opinions, however incon
venient and unwelcome they may be
at times.
It's ironic that on the one hand
Stanford likes to boast of the SAT
scores, the GRE scores, and the grade
point averages of its incoming stu
dents, yet repeatedly treats us like
infants, or worse, as adversaries in

matters that concern us.
Nothing in this letter is original.
The sentiments it expresses have been
repeated by many other letters to edi
tors past, and sadly, will likely be
repeated in many more letters to
come.
I applaud the students' attempt to
express their opinions and fight the
decision to end the STS major, as well
as continued support for programs
they care about by alumni such as Jef
frey Benesch.
But this is more than just about the
STS program. I believe there is a need
for the University administration to
take a hard look at its relationship
with the faculty and student body, and
figure out a way to better solicit and
incorporate their opinions in major
decisions.
And it is our responsibility to make
sure that they do so.
Michael Y. Kwong
Cotcrrninal student, electrical engineering
I'm not going to comment on the
value of the science, technology and
society program. I'm not going to com
ment even though I find it odd that in
a time when technology is rapidly
transforming the society, when society
is only beginning to wrestle with the
thorny moral, ethical and legal issues
involving technology (hoth known and
unforeseen), when one would expect
academia to take the lead in con
fronting these issues, Stanford Uni
versity, a world-class institution locat
ed in its unique position right in the
heartland of high technology, would
decide to retreat from an established
program posed to make a valuable
contribution.
What I object to is the blatant lack
of regard the University has shown

for the voice of the students. There
was no consultation or prior warning
of the impending decision to the stu
dent body as a whole, as far as I can
tell. In fact, it apparently came as a
complete surprise to many of my STS
student friends.
I do not pretend to claim that Stan
ford is a democracy. But I do expect
the administration to run it in an
enlightened fashion. If Stanford wants
to claim that it cares at all about
teaching and that it cares about its
students' well-being, I believe it is
important that it at least solicit and
take into consideration students'
interests and opinions, however incon
venient and unwelcome they may be
at times.
It's ironic that on the one hand
Stanford likes to boast of the SAT
scores, the GRE scores, and the grade
point averages of its incoming stu
dents, yet repeatedly treats us like
infants, or worse, as adversaries in

matters that concern us.
Nothing in this letter is original.
The sentiments it expresses have been
repeated by many other letters to edi
tors past, and sadly, will likely be
repeated in many more letters to
come.
I applaud the students' attempt to
express their opinions and fight the
decision to end the STS major, as well
as continued support for programs
they care about by alumni such as Jef
frey Benesch.
But this is more than just about the
STS program. I believe there is a need
for the University administration to
take a hard look at its relationship
with the faculty and student body, and
figure out a way to better solicit and
incorporate their opinions in major
decisions.
And it is our responsibility to make
sure that they do so.
Michael Y. Kwong
Cotcrrninal student, electrical engineering
I'm not going to comment on the
value of the science, technology and
society program. I'm not going to com
ment even though I find it odd that in
a time when technology is rapidly
transforming the society, when society
is only beginning to wrestle with the
thorny moral, ethical and legal issues
involving technology (hoth known and
unforeseen), when one would expect
academia to take the lead in con
fronting these issues, Stanford Uni
versity, a world-class institution locat
ed in its unique position right in the
heartland of high technology, would
decide to retreat from an established
program posed to make a valuable
contribution.
What I object to is the blatant lack
of regard the University has shown

for the voice of the students. There
was no consultation or prior warning
of the impending decision to the stu
dent body as a whole, as far as I can
tell. In fact, it apparently came as a
complete surprise to many of my STS
student friends.
I do not pretend to claim that Stan
ford is a democracy. But I do expect
the administration to run it in an
enlightened fashion. If Stanford wants
to claim that it cares at all about
teaching and that it cares about its
students' well-being, I believe it is
important that it at least solicit and
take into consideration students'
interests and opinions, however incon
venient and unwelcome they may be
at times.
It's ironic that on the one hand
Stanford likes to boast of the SAT
scores, the GRE scores, and the grade
point averages of its incoming stu
dents, yet repeatedly treats us like
infants, or worse, as adversaries in

matters that concern us.
Nothing in this letter is original.
The sentiments it expresses have been
repeated by many other letters to edi
tors past, and sadly, will likely be
repeated in many more letters to
come.
I applaud the students' attempt to
express their opinions and fight the
decision to end the STS major, as well
as continued support for programs
they care about by alumni such as Jef
frey Benesch.
But this is more than just about the
STS program. I believe there is a need
for the University administration to
take a hard look at its relationship
with the faculty and student body, and
figure out a way to better solicit and
incorporate their opinions in major
decisions.
And it is our responsibility to make
sure that they do so.
Michael Y. Kwong
Cotcrrninal student, electrical engineering
I'm not going to comment on the
value of the science, technology and
society program. I'm not going to com
ment even though I find it odd that in
a time when technology is rapidly
transforming the society, when society
is only beginning to wrestle with the
thorny moral, ethical and legal issues
involving technology (hoth known and
unforeseen), when one would expect
academia to take the lead in con
fronting these issues, Stanford Uni
versity, a world-class institution locat
ed in its unique position right in the
heartland of high technology, would
decide to retreat from an established
program posed to make a valuable
contribution.
What I object to is the blatant lack
of regard the University has shown

for the voice of the students. There
was no consultation or prior warning
of the impending decision to the stu
dent body as a whole, as far as I can
tell. In fact, it apparently came as a
complete surprise to many of my STS
student friends.
I do not pretend to claim that Stan
ford is a democracy. But I do expect
the administration to run it in an
enlightened fashion. If Stanford wants
to claim that it cares at all about
teaching and that it cares about its
students' well-being, I believe it is
important that it at least solicit and
take into consideration students'
interests and opinions, however incon
venient and unwelcome they may be
at times.
It's ironic that on the one hand
Stanford likes to boast of the SAT
scores, the GRE scores, and the grade
point averages of its incoming stu
dents, yet repeatedly treats us like
infants, or worse, as adversaries in

matters that concern us.
Nothing in this letter is original.
The sentiments it expresses have been
repeated by many other letters to edi
tors past, and sadly, will likely be
repeated in many more letters to
come.
I applaud the students' attempt to
express their opinions and fight the
decision to end the STS major, as well
as continued support for programs
they care about by alumni such as Jef
frey Benesch.
But this is more than just about the
STS program. I believe there is a need
for the University administration to
take a hard look at its relationship
with the faculty and student body, and
figure out a way to better solicit and
incorporate their opinions in major
decisions.
And it is our responsibility to make
sure that they do so.
Michael Y. Kwong
Cotcrrninal student, electrical engineering
