# Stover To Aid In Opening Of New Repertory Theatre
## 
### 
Gordon Davis, former director of
Stanford dramatics; Frederick Stover,
head of summer quarter dramatics and
technical director; and Baldwin Mc-
Graw have announced plans to open a
repertory company at the Fairmont
Playhouse about September 1. Stover
concludes his work here at the end of
summer quarter.
The plans include a school of the
theatre as well as the professional or
ganization. Gordon Davis will direct
and teach, and Stover will head the
design department and do the settings
for the company productions.
It is expected that beginning in the
fall a new show will be produced every
three weeks to run for Thursday, Fri
day, and Saturday of the following
three weeks, '
This will give San Francisco a reper
tory theatre which will not be depend
ent on traveling companies, but will
fill what has long been felt to be a
mate theatre.
