# Students From L.A. Will Hold Reunion Tomorrow
## 
### 
All students who live in or near Los
Angeles are invited to attend an in
formal "get-together" meeting to be
held in the Women's Clubhouse in the
Union tomorrow evening from 8 to 9
o'clock. No particular entertainment or
performance is planned; the purpose of
the meeting being only to give students
from Los Angeles a chance to meet.
Floyd Highfill of the University High
School, West Los Angeles, is in charge
of the arrangements.
All students who live in or near Los
Angeles are invited to attend an in
formal "get-together" meeting to be
held in the Women's Clubhouse in the
Union tomorrow evening from 8 to 9
o'clock. No particular entertainment or
performance is planned; the purpose of
the meeting being only to give students
from Los Angeles a chance to meet.
Floyd Highfill of the University High
School, West Los Angeles, is in charge
of the arrangements.
All students who live in or near Los
Angeles are invited to attend an in
formal "get-together" meeting to be
held in the Women's Clubhouse in the
Union tomorrow evening from 8 to 9
o'clock. No particular entertainment or
performance is planned; the purpose of
the meeting being only to give students
from Los Angeles a chance to meet.
Floyd Highfill of the University High
School, West Los Angeles, is in charge
of the arrangements.
All students who live in or near Los
Angeles are invited to attend an in
formal "get-together" meeting to be
held in the Women's Clubhouse in the
Union tomorrow evening from 8 to 9
o'clock. No particular entertainment or
performance is planned; the purpose of
the meeting being only to give students
from Los Angeles a chance to meet.
Floyd Highfill of the University High
School, West Los Angeles, is in charge
of the arrangements.
All students who live in or near Los
Angeles are invited to attend an in
formal "get-together" meeting to be
held in the Women's Clubhouse in the
Union tomorrow evening from 8 to 9
o'clock. No particular entertainment or
performance is planned; the purpose of
the meeting being only to give students
from Los Angeles a chance to meet.
Floyd Highfill of the University High
School, West Los Angeles, is in charge
of the arrangements.
All students who live in or near Los
Angeles are invited to attend an in
formal "get-together" meeting to be
held in the Women's Clubhouse in the
Union tomorrow evening from 8 to 9
o'clock. No particular entertainment or
performance is planned; the purpose of
the meeting being only to give students
from Los Angeles a chance to meet.
Floyd Highfill of the University High
School, West Los Angeles, is in charge
of the arrangements.
All students who live in or near Los
Angeles are invited to attend an in
formal "get-together" meeting to be
held in the Women's Clubhouse in the
Union tomorrow evening from 8 to 9
o'clock. No particular entertainment or
performance is planned; the purpose of
the meeting being only to give students
from Los Angeles a chance to meet.
Floyd Highfill of the University High
School, West Los Angeles, is in charge
of the arrangements.
All students who live in or near Los
Angeles are invited to attend an in
formal "get-together" meeting to be
held in the Women's Clubhouse in the
Union tomorrow evening from 8 to 9
o'clock. No particular entertainment or
performance is planned; the purpose of
the meeting being only to give students
from Los Angeles a chance to meet.
Floyd Highfill of the University High
School, West Los Angeles, is in charge
of the arrangements.
All students who live in or near Los
Angeles are invited to attend an in
formal "get-together" meeting to be
held in the Women's Clubhouse in the
Union tomorrow evening from 8 to 9
o'clock. No particular entertainment or
performance is planned; the purpose of
the meeting being only to give students
from Los Angeles a chance to meet.
Floyd Highfill of the University High
School, West Los Angeles, is in charge
of the arrangements.
All students who live in or near Los
Angeles are invited to attend an in
formal "get-together" meeting to be
held in the Women's Clubhouse in the
Union tomorrow evening from 8 to 9
o'clock. No particular entertainment or
performance is planned; the purpose of
the meeting being only to give students
from Los Angeles a chance to meet.
Floyd Highfill of the University High
School, West Los Angeles, is in charge
of the arrangements.
All students who live in or near Los
Angeles are invited to attend an in
formal "get-together" meeting to be
held in the Women's Clubhouse in the
Union tomorrow evening from 8 to 9
o'clock. No particular entertainment or
performance is planned; the purpose of
the meeting being only to give students
from Los Angeles a chance to meet.
Floyd Highfill of the University High
School, West Los Angeles, is in charge
of the arrangements.
All students who live in or near Los
Angeles are invited to attend an in
formal "get-together" meeting to be
held in the Women's Clubhouse in the
Union tomorrow evening from 8 to 9
o'clock. No particular entertainment or
performance is planned; the purpose of
the meeting being only to give students
from Los Angeles a chance to meet.
Floyd Highfill of the University High
School, West Los Angeles, is in charge
of the arrangements.
All students who live in or near Los
Angeles are invited to attend an in
formal "get-together" meeting to be
held in the Women's Clubhouse in the
Union tomorrow evening from 8 to 9
o'clock. No particular entertainment or
performance is planned; the purpose of
the meeting being only to give students
from Los Angeles a chance to meet.
Floyd Highfill of the University High
School, West Los Angeles, is in charge
of the arrangements.
All students who live in or near Los
Angeles are invited to attend an in
formal "get-together" meeting to be
held in the Women's Clubhouse in the
Union tomorrow evening from 8 to 9
o'clock. No particular entertainment or
performance is planned; the purpose of
the meeting being only to give students
from Los Angeles a chance to meet.
Floyd Highfill of the University High
School, West Los Angeles, is in charge
of the arrangements.
