# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A sentiment seems to have been
noised about that the University of
California is not sincere in her
agreement to submit the question
as to where the field-day shall be
held to arbitration. Of one thing
we can officially assure them:
Stanford will not recede from the
emphatic position taken by its in
tercollegiate committee that the
field-day will be held here or not
at all. This position has been as
sumed only in a spirit of fairness

and was directly brought about by
a grasping demand not only for
more than their due but for practi
cally everything within reach.
When imposition goes too far, a
decided check has to be adminis
tered, and when a position of op
position has once been taken there
is slight danger of recession. Anv
attempt to dodge the issue by pre
venting arbitration will only lead
to a delay of arrangements which
should already have been com
pleted.
