# EXHIBIT OF TEXT BOOKS PLANNED FOR NEW IDEAS
## 
### 
Mrs. Stanford willed her personal
jewelry to the Trustees of the Univer
sity. The $500,000 fund thus created is
known as the "Jewel Fund" and the in
come from this is used at Mrs. Stan
ford's request to buy books for the
Stanford libraries.
Mrs. Stanford willed her personal
jewelry to the Trustees of the Univer
sity. The $500,000 fund thus created is
known as the "Jewel Fund" and the in
come from this is used at Mrs. Stan
ford's request to buy books for the
Stanford libraries.
Mrs. Stanford willed her personal
jewelry to the Trustees of the Univer
sity. The $500,000 fund thus created is
known as the "Jewel Fund" and the in
come from this is used at Mrs. Stan
ford's request to buy books for the
Stanford libraries.
Mrs. Stanford willed her personal
jewelry to the Trustees of the Univer
sity. The $500,000 fund thus created is
known as the "Jewel Fund" and the in
come from this is used at Mrs. Stan
ford's request to buy books for the
Stanford libraries.
Mrs. Stanford willed her personal
jewelry to the Trustees of the Univer
sity. The $500,000 fund thus created is
known as the "Jewel Fund" and the in
come from this is used at Mrs. Stan
ford's request to buy books for the
Stanford libraries.
Mrs. Stanford willed her personal
jewelry to the Trustees of the Univer
sity. The $500,000 fund thus created is
known as the "Jewel Fund" and the in
come from this is used at Mrs. Stan
ford's request to buy books for the
Stanford libraries.
Mrs. Stanford willed her personal
jewelry to the Trustees of the Univer
sity. The $500,000 fund thus created is
known as the "Jewel Fund" and the in
come from this is used at Mrs. Stan
ford's request to buy books for the
Stanford libraries.
Mrs. Stanford willed her personal
jewelry to the Trustees of the Univer
sity. The $500,000 fund thus created is
known as the "Jewel Fund" and the in
come from this is used at Mrs. Stan
ford's request to buy books for the
Stanford libraries.
Mrs. Stanford willed her personal
jewelry to the Trustees of the Univer
sity. The $500,000 fund thus created is
known as the "Jewel Fund" and the in
come from this is used at Mrs. Stan
ford's request to buy books for the
Stanford libraries.
Mrs. Stanford willed her personal
jewelry to the Trustees of the Univer
sity. The $500,000 fund thus created is
known as the "Jewel Fund" and the in
come from this is used at Mrs. Stan
ford's request to buy books for the
Stanford libraries.
Mrs. Stanford willed her personal
jewelry to the Trustees of the Univer
sity. The $500,000 fund thus created is
known as the "Jewel Fund" and the in
come from this is used at Mrs. Stan
ford's request to buy books for the
Stanford libraries.
Mrs. Stanford willed her personal
jewelry to the Trustees of the Univer
sity. The $500,000 fund thus created is
known as the "Jewel Fund" and the in
come from this is used at Mrs. Stan
ford's request to buy books for the
Stanford libraries.
Mrs. Stanford willed her personal
jewelry to the Trustees of the Univer
sity. The $500,000 fund thus created is
known as the "Jewel Fund" and the in
come from this is used at Mrs. Stan
ford's request to buy books for the
Stanford libraries.
Mrs. Stanford willed her personal
jewelry to the Trustees of the Univer
sity. The $500,000 fund thus created is
known as the "Jewel Fund" and the in
come from this is used at Mrs. Stan
ford's request to buy books for the
Stanford libraries.
