# Organist Allen in First Summer Recital Sunday
## 
### 
The first of the summer quarter re
citals in the Memorial Church by War
ren D. Allen, University organist, will
be given next Sunday evening at 7:30.
During the quarter Mr. Allen will
offer two organ recitals each week, at
4:15 on Thursdays, and at 7:30 Sun
days.
The idea of the "alumni college" with
several days of classes for alumni was
started at Lafayette College, Pennsyl
vania, five years ago. This year the
University of Washington "alumni col
lege" attracted 1,000 former students.
The first of the summer quarter re
citals in the Memorial Church by War
ren D. Allen, University organist, will
be given next Sunday evening at 7:30.
During the quarter Mr. Allen will
offer two organ recitals each week, at
4:15 on Thursdays, and at 7:30 Sun
days.
The idea of the "alumni college" with
several days of classes for alumni was
started at Lafayette College, Pennsyl
vania, five years ago. This year the
University of Washington "alumni col
lege" attracted 1,000 former students.
The first of the summer quarter re
citals in the Memorial Church by War
ren D. Allen, University organist, will
be given next Sunday evening at 7:30.
During the quarter Mr. Allen will
offer two organ recitals each week, at
4:15 on Thursdays, and at 7:30 Sun
days.
The idea of the "alumni college" with
several days of classes for alumni was
started at Lafayette College, Pennsyl
vania, five years ago. This year the
University of Washington "alumni col
lege" attracted 1,000 former students.
The first of the summer quarter re
citals in the Memorial Church by War
ren D. Allen, University organist, will
be given next Sunday evening at 7:30.
During the quarter Mr. Allen will
offer two organ recitals each week, at
4:15 on Thursdays, and at 7:30 Sun
days.
The idea of the "alumni college" with
several days of classes for alumni was
started at Lafayette College, Pennsyl
vania, five years ago. This year the
University of Washington "alumni col
lege" attracted 1,000 former students.
The first of the summer quarter re
citals in the Memorial Church by War
ren D. Allen, University organist, will
be given next Sunday evening at 7:30.
During the quarter Mr. Allen will
offer two organ recitals each week, at
4:15 on Thursdays, and at 7:30 Sun
days.
The idea of the "alumni college" with
several days of classes for alumni was
started at Lafayette College, Pennsyl
vania, five years ago. This year the
University of Washington "alumni col
lege" attracted 1,000 former students.
The first of the summer quarter re
citals in the Memorial Church by War
ren D. Allen, University organist, will
be given next Sunday evening at 7:30.
During the quarter Mr. Allen will
offer two organ recitals each week, at
4:15 on Thursdays, and at 7:30 Sun
days.
The idea of the "alumni college" with
several days of classes for alumni was
started at Lafayette College, Pennsyl
vania, five years ago. This year the
University of Washington "alumni col
lege" attracted 1,000 former students.
The first of the summer quarter re
citals in the Memorial Church by War
ren D. Allen, University organist, will
be given next Sunday evening at 7:30.
During the quarter Mr. Allen will
offer two organ recitals each week, at
4:15 on Thursdays, and at 7:30 Sun
days.
The idea of the "alumni college" with
several days of classes for alumni was
started at Lafayette College, Pennsyl
vania, five years ago. This year the
University of Washington "alumni col
lege" attracted 1,000 former students.
The first of the summer quarter re
citals in the Memorial Church by War
ren D. Allen, University organist, will
be given next Sunday evening at 7:30.
During the quarter Mr. Allen will
offer two organ recitals each week, at
4:15 on Thursdays, and at 7:30 Sun
days.
The idea of the "alumni college" with
several days of classes for alumni was
started at Lafayette College, Pennsyl
vania, five years ago. This year the
University of Washington "alumni col
lege" attracted 1,000 former students.
The first of the summer quarter re
citals in the Memorial Church by War
ren D. Allen, University organist, will
be given next Sunday evening at 7:30.
During the quarter Mr. Allen will
offer two organ recitals each week, at
4:15 on Thursdays, and at 7:30 Sun
days.
The idea of the "alumni college" with
several days of classes for alumni was
started at Lafayette College, Pennsyl
vania, five years ago. This year the
University of Washington "alumni col
lege" attracted 1,000 former students.
The first of the summer quarter re
citals in the Memorial Church by War
ren D. Allen, University organist, will
be given next Sunday evening at 7:30.
During the quarter Mr. Allen will
offer two organ recitals each week, at
4:15 on Thursdays, and at 7:30 Sun
days.
The idea of the "alumni college" with
several days of classes for alumni was
started at Lafayette College, Pennsyl
vania, five years ago. This year the
University of Washington "alumni col
lege" attracted 1,000 former students.
The first of the summer quarter re
citals in the Memorial Church by War
ren D. Allen, University organist, will
be given next Sunday evening at 7:30.
During the quarter Mr. Allen will
offer two organ recitals each week, at
4:15 on Thursdays, and at 7:30 Sun
days.
The idea of the "alumni college" with
several days of classes for alumni was
started at Lafayette College, Pennsyl
vania, five years ago. This year the
University of Washington "alumni col
lege" attracted 1,000 former students.
The first of the summer quarter re
citals in the Memorial Church by War
ren D. Allen, University organist, will
be given next Sunday evening at 7:30.
During the quarter Mr. Allen will
offer two organ recitals each week, at
4:15 on Thursdays, and at 7:30 Sun
days.
The idea of the "alumni college" with
several days of classes for alumni was
started at Lafayette College, Pennsyl
vania, five years ago. This year the
University of Washington "alumni col
lege" attracted 1,000 former students.
The first of the summer quarter re
citals in the Memorial Church by War
ren D. Allen, University organist, will
be given next Sunday evening at 7:30.
During the quarter Mr. Allen will
offer two organ recitals each week, at
4:15 on Thursdays, and at 7:30 Sun
days.
The idea of the "alumni college" with
several days of classes for alumni was
started at Lafayette College, Pennsyl
vania, five years ago. This year the
University of Washington "alumni col
lege" attracted 1,000 former students.
The first of the summer quarter re
citals in the Memorial Church by War
ren D. Allen, University organist, will
be given next Sunday evening at 7:30.
During the quarter Mr. Allen will
offer two organ recitals each week, at
4:15 on Thursdays, and at 7:30 Sun
days.
The idea of the "alumni college" with
several days of classes for alumni was
started at Lafayette College, Pennsyl
vania, five years ago. This year the
University of Washington "alumni col
lege" attracted 1,000 former students.
