# Special Trips Planned For Summer Quarter Groups
## 
### 
Special trips to nearby places of sce
nic, historic, and scientific interest
will be arranged for the benefit of vis
iting students and faculty during the
summer quarter, according to an
nouncement of the Summer Quarter
Office.
Although no definite plans have been
announced for this summer, in former
years these trips have been arranged to
cover as much territory as can be ar
ranged in order that visitors may see
as much as possible of the peninsula
and surrounding country in the short
time available to them outside of their
University work.
Last summer all-day Saturday trips
arranged to the Salinas Rodeo,
Big Basin and the redwoods, Monterey
and Carmel, San Francisco via Sky
line Boulevard, and two evening trips
were made to Mt. Hamilton.
