# ALUMNA OWNS "WAYSIDE"
## 
### 
"The Wayside" former home of Na
thaniel Hawthorne, Louisa M. Alcott,
and Margaret Sidney, of the "Little
Pepper" series, is now owned by Mar
garet M. Lothrop, Stanford A.M., '15,
and former instructor in economics at
Stanford. Miss Lothrop, who was the
daughter of Margaret Sidney, keeps
"The Wayside" which is at Concord
Massachusetts, open to visitors, to al
low others to share the inspiration of
the literary traditions of her home.
"The Wayside" former home of Na
thaniel Hawthorne, Louisa M. Alcott,
and Margaret Sidney, of the "Little
Pepper" series, is now owned by Mar
garet M. Lothrop, Stanford A.M., '15,
and former instructor in economics at
Stanford. Miss Lothrop, who was the
daughter of Margaret Sidney, keeps
"The Wayside" which is at Concord
Massachusetts, open to visitors, to al
low others to share the inspiration of
the literary traditions of her home.
"The Wayside" former home of Na
thaniel Hawthorne, Louisa M. Alcott,
and Margaret Sidney, of the "Little
Pepper" series, is now owned by Mar
garet M. Lothrop, Stanford A.M., '15,
and former instructor in economics at
Stanford. Miss Lothrop, who was the
daughter of Margaret Sidney, keeps
"The Wayside" which is at Concord
Massachusetts, open to visitors, to al
low others to share the inspiration of
the literary traditions of her home.
"The Wayside" former home of Na
thaniel Hawthorne, Louisa M. Alcott,
and Margaret Sidney, of the "Little
Pepper" series, is now owned by Mar
garet M. Lothrop, Stanford A.M., '15,
and former instructor in economics at
Stanford. Miss Lothrop, who was the
daughter of Margaret Sidney, keeps
"The Wayside" which is at Concord
Massachusetts, open to visitors, to al
low others to share the inspiration of
the literary traditions of her home.
"The Wayside" former home of Na
thaniel Hawthorne, Louisa M. Alcott,
and Margaret Sidney, of the "Little
Pepper" series, is now owned by Mar
garet M. Lothrop, Stanford A.M., '15,
and former instructor in economics at
Stanford. Miss Lothrop, who was the
daughter of Margaret Sidney, keeps
"The Wayside" which is at Concord
Massachusetts, open to visitors, to al
low others to share the inspiration of
the literary traditions of her home.
"The Wayside" former home of Na
thaniel Hawthorne, Louisa M. Alcott,
and Margaret Sidney, of the "Little
Pepper" series, is now owned by Mar
garet M. Lothrop, Stanford A.M., '15,
and former instructor in economics at
Stanford. Miss Lothrop, who was the
daughter of Margaret Sidney, keeps
"The Wayside" which is at Concord
Massachusetts, open to visitors, to al
low others to share the inspiration of
the literary traditions of her home.
"The Wayside" former home of Na
thaniel Hawthorne, Louisa M. Alcott,
and Margaret Sidney, of the "Little
Pepper" series, is now owned by Mar
garet M. Lothrop, Stanford A.M., '15,
and former instructor in economics at
Stanford. Miss Lothrop, who was the
daughter of Margaret Sidney, keeps
"The Wayside" which is at Concord
Massachusetts, open to visitors, to al
low others to share the inspiration of
the literary traditions of her home.
"The Wayside" former home of Na
thaniel Hawthorne, Louisa M. Alcott,
and Margaret Sidney, of the "Little
Pepper" series, is now owned by Mar
garet M. Lothrop, Stanford A.M., '15,
and former instructor in economics at
Stanford. Miss Lothrop, who was the
daughter of Margaret Sidney, keeps
"The Wayside" which is at Concord
Massachusetts, open to visitors, to al
low others to share the inspiration of
the literary traditions of her home.
"The Wayside" former home of Na
thaniel Hawthorne, Louisa M. Alcott,
and Margaret Sidney, of the "Little
Pepper" series, is now owned by Mar
garet M. Lothrop, Stanford A.M., '15,
and former instructor in economics at
Stanford. Miss Lothrop, who was the
daughter of Margaret Sidney, keeps
"The Wayside" which is at Concord
Massachusetts, open to visitors, to al
low others to share the inspiration of
the literary traditions of her home.
"The Wayside" former home of Na
thaniel Hawthorne, Louisa M. Alcott,
and Margaret Sidney, of the "Little
Pepper" series, is now owned by Mar
garet M. Lothrop, Stanford A.M., '15,
and former instructor in economics at
Stanford. Miss Lothrop, who was the
daughter of Margaret Sidney, keeps
"The Wayside" which is at Concord
Massachusetts, open to visitors, to al
low others to share the inspiration of
the literary traditions of her home.
"The Wayside" former home of Na
thaniel Hawthorne, Louisa M. Alcott,
and Margaret Sidney, of the "Little
Pepper" series, is now owned by Mar
garet M. Lothrop, Stanford A.M., '15,
and former instructor in economics at
Stanford. Miss Lothrop, who was the
daughter of Margaret Sidney, keeps
"The Wayside" which is at Concord
Massachusetts, open to visitors, to al
low others to share the inspiration of
the literary traditions of her home.
"The Wayside" former home of Na
thaniel Hawthorne, Louisa M. Alcott,
and Margaret Sidney, of the "Little
Pepper" series, is now owned by Mar
garet M. Lothrop, Stanford A.M., '15,
and former instructor in economics at
Stanford. Miss Lothrop, who was the
daughter of Margaret Sidney, keeps
"The Wayside" which is at Concord
Massachusetts, open to visitors, to al
low others to share the inspiration of
the literary traditions of her home.
"The Wayside" former home of Na
thaniel Hawthorne, Louisa M. Alcott,
and Margaret Sidney, of the "Little
Pepper" series, is now owned by Mar
garet M. Lothrop, Stanford A.M., '15,
and former instructor in economics at
Stanford. Miss Lothrop, who was the
daughter of Margaret Sidney, keeps
"The Wayside" which is at Concord
Massachusetts, open to visitors, to al
low others to share the inspiration of
the literary traditions of her home.
"The Wayside" former home of Na
thaniel Hawthorne, Louisa M. Alcott,
and Margaret Sidney, of the "Little
Pepper" series, is now owned by Mar
garet M. Lothrop, Stanford A.M., '15,
and former instructor in economics at
Stanford. Miss Lothrop, who was the
daughter of Margaret Sidney, keeps
"The Wayside" which is at Concord
Massachusetts, open to visitors, to al
low others to share the inspiration of
the literary traditions of her home.
