# WAA INTERVIEWS
## 
### 
Interviews end today for the po
sitions of treasurer and publicity
chairman of WAA. Interviews will
be Held between 10 and 4 today in
the lounge of Women's Gvm.
Interviews end today for the po
sitions of treasurer and publicity
chairman of WAA. Interviews will
be Held between 10 and 4 today in
the lounge of Women's Gvm.
Interviews end today for the po
sitions of treasurer and publicity
chairman of WAA. Interviews will
be Held between 10 and 4 today in
the lounge of Women's Gvm.
Interviews end today for the po
sitions of treasurer and publicity
chairman of WAA. Interviews will
be Held between 10 and 4 today in
the lounge of Women's Gvm.
Interviews end today for the po
sitions of treasurer and publicity
chairman of WAA. Interviews will
be Held between 10 and 4 today in
the lounge of Women's Gvm.
Interviews end today for the po
sitions of treasurer and publicity
chairman of WAA. Interviews will
be Held between 10 and 4 today in
the lounge of Women's Gvm.
Interviews end today for the po
sitions of treasurer and publicity
chairman of WAA. Interviews will
be Held between 10 and 4 today in
the lounge of Women's Gvm.
Interviews end today for the po
sitions of treasurer and publicity
chairman of WAA. Interviews will
be Held between 10 and 4 today in
the lounge of Women's Gvm.
Interviews end today for the po
sitions of treasurer and publicity
chairman of WAA. Interviews will
be Held between 10 and 4 today in
the lounge of Women's Gvm.
Interviews end today for the po
sitions of treasurer and publicity
chairman of WAA. Interviews will
be Held between 10 and 4 today in
the lounge of Women's Gvm.
Interviews end today for the po
sitions of treasurer and publicity
chairman of WAA. Interviews will
be Held between 10 and 4 today in
the lounge of Women's Gvm.
Interviews end today for the po
sitions of treasurer and publicity
chairman of WAA. Interviews will
be Held between 10 and 4 today in
the lounge of Women's Gvm.
Interviews end today for the po
sitions of treasurer and publicity
chairman of WAA. Interviews will
be Held between 10 and 4 today in
the lounge of Women's Gvm.
Interviews end today for the po
sitions of treasurer and publicity
chairman of WAA. Interviews will
be Held between 10 and 4 today in
the lounge of Women's Gvm.
Interviews end today for the po
sitions of treasurer and publicity
chairman of WAA. Interviews will
be Held between 10 and 4 today in
the lounge of Women's Gvm.
