# Tomsic Selected On All-Star Team
## 
### 
Ron Tomsic, Stanford's all-time
one-season scorer, was named to
the Northern California Basketball
Writers' All-Star Team yesterday.
Ron, normally a guard, was picked
as a forward on the mythical quin
tet.
Also selected were: Ken Sears,
Santa Clara, at the other forward;
Bob McKeen, California, center;
Bob Matheny, California, and Phil
Vukecevich, USF, guards. Matheny
was named player of the year.
Ron Tomsic, Stanford's all-time
one-season scorer, was named to
the Northern California Basketball
Writers' All-Star Team yesterday.
Ron, normally a guard, was picked
as a forward on the mythical quin
tet.
Also selected were: Ken Sears,
Santa Clara, at the other forward;
Bob McKeen, California, center;
Bob Matheny, California, and Phil
Vukecevich, USF, guards. Matheny
was named player of the year.
Ron Tomsic, Stanford's all-time
one-season scorer, was named to
the Northern California Basketball
Writers' All-Star Team yesterday.
Ron, normally a guard, was picked
as a forward on the mythical quin
tet.
Also selected were: Ken Sears,
Santa Clara, at the other forward;
Bob McKeen, California, center;
Bob Matheny, California, and Phil
Vukecevich, USF, guards. Matheny
was named player of the year.
Ron Tomsic, Stanford's all-time
one-season scorer, was named to
the Northern California Basketball
Writers' All-Star Team yesterday.
Ron, normally a guard, was picked
as a forward on the mythical quin
tet.
Also selected were: Ken Sears,
Santa Clara, at the other forward;
Bob McKeen, California, center;
Bob Matheny, California, and Phil
Vukecevich, USF, guards. Matheny
was named player of the year.
Ron Tomsic, Stanford's all-time
one-season scorer, was named to
the Northern California Basketball
Writers' All-Star Team yesterday.
Ron, normally a guard, was picked
as a forward on the mythical quin
tet.
Also selected were: Ken Sears,
Santa Clara, at the other forward;
Bob McKeen, California, center;
Bob Matheny, California, and Phil
Vukecevich, USF, guards. Matheny
was named player of the year.
Ron Tomsic, Stanford's all-time
one-season scorer, was named to
the Northern California Basketball
Writers' All-Star Team yesterday.
Ron, normally a guard, was picked
as a forward on the mythical quin
tet.
Also selected were: Ken Sears,
Santa Clara, at the other forward;
Bob McKeen, California, center;
Bob Matheny, California, and Phil
Vukecevich, USF, guards. Matheny
was named player of the year.
Ron Tomsic, Stanford's all-time
one-season scorer, was named to
the Northern California Basketball
Writers' All-Star Team yesterday.
Ron, normally a guard, was picked
as a forward on the mythical quin
tet.
Also selected were: Ken Sears,
Santa Clara, at the other forward;
Bob McKeen, California, center;
Bob Matheny, California, and Phil
Vukecevich, USF, guards. Matheny
was named player of the year.
Ron Tomsic, Stanford's all-time
one-season scorer, was named to
the Northern California Basketball
Writers' All-Star Team yesterday.
Ron, normally a guard, was picked
as a forward on the mythical quin
tet.
Also selected were: Ken Sears,
Santa Clara, at the other forward;
Bob McKeen, California, center;
Bob Matheny, California, and Phil
Vukecevich, USF, guards. Matheny
was named player of the year.
Ron Tomsic, Stanford's all-time
one-season scorer, was named to
the Northern California Basketball
Writers' All-Star Team yesterday.
Ron, normally a guard, was picked
as a forward on the mythical quin
tet.
Also selected were: Ken Sears,
Santa Clara, at the other forward;
Bob McKeen, California, center;
Bob Matheny, California, and Phil
Vukecevich, USF, guards. Matheny
was named player of the year.
Ron Tomsic, Stanford's all-time
one-season scorer, was named to
the Northern California Basketball
Writers' All-Star Team yesterday.
Ron, normally a guard, was picked
as a forward on the mythical quin
tet.
Also selected were: Ken Sears,
Santa Clara, at the other forward;
Bob McKeen, California, center;
Bob Matheny, California, and Phil
Vukecevich, USF, guards. Matheny
was named player of the year.
Ron Tomsic, Stanford's all-time
one-season scorer, was named to
the Northern California Basketball
Writers' All-Star Team yesterday.
Ron, normally a guard, was picked
as a forward on the mythical quin
tet.
Also selected were: Ken Sears,
Santa Clara, at the other forward;
Bob McKeen, California, center;
Bob Matheny, California, and Phil
Vukecevich, USF, guards. Matheny
was named player of the year.
Ron Tomsic, Stanford's all-time
one-season scorer, was named to
the Northern California Basketball
Writers' All-Star Team yesterday.
Ron, normally a guard, was picked
as a forward on the mythical quin
tet.
Also selected were: Ken Sears,
Santa Clara, at the other forward;
Bob McKeen, California, center;
Bob Matheny, California, and Phil
Vukecevich, USF, guards. Matheny
was named player of the year.
Ron Tomsic, Stanford's all-time
one-season scorer, was named to
the Northern California Basketball
Writers' All-Star Team yesterday.
Ron, normally a guard, was picked
as a forward on the mythical quin
tet.
Also selected were: Ken Sears,
Santa Clara, at the other forward;
Bob McKeen, California, center;
Bob Matheny, California, and Phil
Vukecevich, USF, guards. Matheny
was named player of the year.
Ron Tomsic, Stanford's all-time
one-season scorer, was named to
the Northern California Basketball
Writers' All-Star Team yesterday.
Ron, normally a guard, was picked
as a forward on the mythical quin
tet.
Also selected were: Ken Sears,
Santa Clara, at the other forward;
Bob McKeen, California, center;
Bob Matheny, California, and Phil
Vukecevich, USF, guards. Matheny
was named player of the year.
Ron Tomsic, Stanford's all-time
one-season scorer, was named to
the Northern California Basketball
Writers' All-Star Team yesterday.
Ron, normally a guard, was picked
as a forward on the mythical quin
tet.
Also selected were: Ken Sears,
Santa Clara, at the other forward;
Bob McKeen, California, center;
Bob Matheny, California, and Phil
Vukecevich, USF, guards. Matheny
was named player of the year.
