# Buy Your Railway Tickets Early.
## 
### 
As the preparation of the special
fare and a third tickets requires
considerable time, the Southern
Pacific agent has requested that
students procure their ticketß as
early as possible. It is pointed out
that if a number of students apply
for tickets a few minutes before a
train leaves, it may be impossible
to supply them all in time to make
that train. To secure the special
rale of a fare and a third, students
must present blanks signed by the
Registrar.
As the preparation of the special
fare and a third tickets requires
considerable time, the Southern
Pacific agent has requested that
students procure their ticketß as
early as possible. It is pointed out
that if a number of students apply
for tickets a few minutes before a
train leaves, it may be impossible
to supply them all in time to make
that train. To secure the special
rale of a fare and a third, students
must present blanks signed by the
Registrar.
As the preparation of the special
fare and a third tickets requires
considerable time, the Southern
Pacific agent has requested that
students procure their ticketß as
early as possible. It is pointed out
that if a number of students apply
for tickets a few minutes before a
train leaves, it may be impossible
to supply them all in time to make
that train. To secure the special
rale of a fare and a third, students
must present blanks signed by the
Registrar.
As the preparation of the special
fare and a third tickets requires
considerable time, the Southern
Pacific agent has requested that
students procure their ticketß as
early as possible. It is pointed out
that if a number of students apply
for tickets a few minutes before a
train leaves, it may be impossible
to supply them all in time to make
that train. To secure the special
rale of a fare and a third, students
must present blanks signed by the
Registrar.
As the preparation of the special
fare and a third tickets requires
considerable time, the Southern
Pacific agent has requested that
students procure their ticketß as
early as possible. It is pointed out
that if a number of students apply
for tickets a few minutes before a
train leaves, it may be impossible
to supply them all in time to make
that train. To secure the special
rale of a fare and a third, students
must present blanks signed by the
Registrar.
As the preparation of the special
fare and a third tickets requires
considerable time, the Southern
Pacific agent has requested that
students procure their ticketß as
early as possible. It is pointed out
that if a number of students apply
for tickets a few minutes before a
train leaves, it may be impossible
to supply them all in time to make
that train. To secure the special
rale of a fare and a third, students
must present blanks signed by the
Registrar.
As the preparation of the special
fare and a third tickets requires
considerable time, the Southern
Pacific agent has requested that
students procure their ticketß as
early as possible. It is pointed out
that if a number of students apply
for tickets a few minutes before a
train leaves, it may be impossible
to supply them all in time to make
that train. To secure the special
rale of a fare and a third, students
must present blanks signed by the
Registrar.
As the preparation of the special
fare and a third tickets requires
considerable time, the Southern
Pacific agent has requested that
students procure their ticketß as
early as possible. It is pointed out
that if a number of students apply
for tickets a few minutes before a
train leaves, it may be impossible
to supply them all in time to make
that train. To secure the special
rale of a fare and a third, students
must present blanks signed by the
Registrar.
As the preparation of the special
fare and a third tickets requires
considerable time, the Southern
Pacific agent has requested that
students procure their ticketß as
early as possible. It is pointed out
that if a number of students apply
for tickets a few minutes before a
train leaves, it may be impossible
to supply them all in time to make
that train. To secure the special
rale of a fare and a third, students
must present blanks signed by the
Registrar.
