# Three Special Services This Week.
## 
### 
Special services will lie held in the
chapel on Thursday, Friday and Sat
urday evenings at 7:30, this being the
week of prayer appointed by the
Evangelical Alliances of the World.
Rev. \\ . Pi. W. Gallvvay of San Mateo
will he the speaker this Thursday
evening.
Special services will lie held in the
chapel on Thursday, Friday and Sat
urday evenings at 7:30, this being the
week of prayer appointed by the
Evangelical Alliances of the World.
Rev. \\ . Pi. W. Gallvvay of San Mateo
will he the speaker this Thursday
evening.
Special services will lie held in the
chapel on Thursday, Friday and Sat
urday evenings at 7:30, this being the
week of prayer appointed by the
Evangelical Alliances of the World.
Rev. \\ . Pi. W. Gallvvay of San Mateo
will he the speaker this Thursday
evening.
Special services will lie held in the
chapel on Thursday, Friday and Sat
urday evenings at 7:30, this being the
week of prayer appointed by the
Evangelical Alliances of the World.
Rev. \\ . Pi. W. Gallvvay of San Mateo
will he the speaker this Thursday
evening.
Special services will lie held in the
chapel on Thursday, Friday and Sat
urday evenings at 7:30, this being the
week of prayer appointed by the
Evangelical Alliances of the World.
Rev. \\ . Pi. W. Gallvvay of San Mateo
will he the speaker this Thursday
evening.
Special services will lie held in the
chapel on Thursday, Friday and Sat
urday evenings at 7:30, this being the
week of prayer appointed by the
Evangelical Alliances of the World.
Rev. \\ . Pi. W. Gallvvay of San Mateo
will he the speaker this Thursday
evening.
Special services will lie held in the
chapel on Thursday, Friday and Sat
urday evenings at 7:30, this being the
week of prayer appointed by the
Evangelical Alliances of the World.
Rev. \\ . Pi. W. Gallvvay of San Mateo
will he the speaker this Thursday
evening.
Special services will lie held in the
chapel on Thursday, Friday and Sat
urday evenings at 7:30, this being the
week of prayer appointed by the
Evangelical Alliances of the World.
Rev. \\ . Pi. W. Gallvvay of San Mateo
will he the speaker this Thursday
evening.
Special services will lie held in the
chapel on Thursday, Friday and Sat
urday evenings at 7:30, this being the
week of prayer appointed by the
Evangelical Alliances of the World.
Rev. \\ . Pi. W. Gallvvay of San Mateo
will he the speaker this Thursday
evening.
