# Bulletin Board
## 
### 
JUNIOR ANI) SENIOR Y' Cabinet
meets today at 5 o'clock. Attend
ance is important since this is the
last meeting of the year.
UNIVERSITY CHOIR will meet
Wednesday night at 7:15 in the
choir loft.
CO-OP Board of Directors will
meet tonight at 9 o'clock.
PRE-MED CLUB will meet Wed
nesday evening at 7:30 in Wom
en's Clubhouse. Dr. Turner will
speak on War Hysteria and Shock
Treatment.
INTERVARSITY Christian Fellow
ship meets in Women's Clubhouse
Tuesday evening at 7.
SENIORS who have not had their
Quad pictures taken may have
them taken today from 1 to 5 in
the Quad office.
AXE SOCIETY meets today for
lunch at 12:15 in the Phi Delt
house.
INTERFRATERNITY Council meets
tonight at 7:15 in the Nitery.
NON-SENIOR Quad pictures will
be taken today, tomorrow, and
Thursday from 1 to 5 o'clock.
