# The 						Stanford Daily Sports
## CAL BROTHERS WILL FACE INDIANS 
### 

808 ItEINJIARD. California's All-American tackle, and his brother. Bill, Cal's second-string left half.
Both may face the Indian varsity in Saturday's Big Game. Bob will cause the Stanford line plenty of
worry, and Bill's increasing ability as a back will make the brother combination a headache for the Indians.

808 ItEINJIARD. California's All-American tackle, and his brother. Bill, Cal's second-string left half.
Both may face the Indian varsity in Saturday's Big Game. Bob will cause the Stanford line plenty of
worry, and Bill's increasing ability as a back will make the brother combination a headache for the Indians.

808 ItEINJIARD. California's All-American tackle, and his brother. Bill, Cal's second-string left half.
Both may face the Indian varsity in Saturday's Big Game. Bob will cause the Stanford line plenty of
worry, and Bill's increasing ability as a back will make the brother combination a headache for the Indians.

808 ItEINJIARD. California's All-American tackle, and his brother. Bill, Cal's second-string left half.
Both may face the Indian varsity in Saturday's Big Game. Bob will cause the Stanford line plenty of
worry, and Bill's increasing ability as a back will make the brother combination a headache for the Indians.

808 ItEINJIARD. California's All-American tackle, and his brother. Bill, Cal's second-string left half.
Both may face the Indian varsity in Saturday's Big Game. Bob will cause the Stanford line plenty of
worry, and Bill's increasing ability as a back will make the brother combination a headache for the Indians.

808 ItEINJIARD. California's All-American tackle, and his brother. Bill, Cal's second-string left half.
Both may face the Indian varsity in Saturday's Big Game. Bob will cause the Stanford line plenty of
worry, and Bill's increasing ability as a back will make the brother combination a headache for the Indians.

808 ItEINJIARD. California's All-American tackle, and his brother. Bill, Cal's second-string left half.
Both may face the Indian varsity in Saturday's Big Game. Bob will cause the Stanford line plenty of
worry, and Bill's increasing ability as a back will make the brother combination a headache for the Indians.

808 ItEINJIARD. California's All-American tackle, and his brother. Bill, Cal's second-string left half.
Both may face the Indian varsity in Saturday's Big Game. Bob will cause the Stanford line plenty of
worry, and Bill's increasing ability as a back will make the brother combination a headache for the Indians.

808 ItEINJIARD. California's All-American tackle, and his brother. Bill, Cal's second-string left half.
Both may face the Indian varsity in Saturday's Big Game. Bob will cause the Stanford line plenty of
worry, and Bill's increasing ability as a back will make the brother combination a headache for the Indians.

808 ItEINJIARD. California's All-American tackle, and his brother. Bill, Cal's second-string left half.
Both may face the Indian varsity in Saturday's Big Game. Bob will cause the Stanford line plenty of
worry, and Bill's increasing ability as a back will make the brother combination a headache for the Indians.

808 ItEINJIARD. California's All-American tackle, and his brother. Bill, Cal's second-string left half.
Both may face the Indian varsity in Saturday's Big Game. Bob will cause the Stanford line plenty of
worry, and Bill's increasing ability as a back will make the brother combination a headache for the Indians.

808 ItEINJIARD. California's All-American tackle, and his brother. Bill, Cal's second-string left half.
Both may face the Indian varsity in Saturday's Big Game. Bob will cause the Stanford line plenty of
worry, and Bill's increasing ability as a back will make the brother combination a headache for the Indians.

808 ItEINJIARD. California's All-American tackle, and his brother. Bill, Cal's second-string left half.
Both may face the Indian varsity in Saturday's Big Game. Bob will cause the Stanford line plenty of
worry, and Bill's increasing ability as a back will make the brother combination a headache for the Indians.

808 ItEINJIARD. California's All-American tackle, and his brother. Bill, Cal's second-string left half.
Both may face the Indian varsity in Saturday's Big Game. Bob will cause the Stanford line plenty of
worry, and Bill's increasing ability as a back will make the brother combination a headache for the Indians.

808 ItEINJIARD. California's All-American tackle, and his brother. Bill, Cal's second-string left half.
Both may face the Indian varsity in Saturday's Big Game. Bob will cause the Stanford line plenty of
worry, and Bill's increasing ability as a back will make the brother combination a headache for the Indians.

808 ItEINJIARD. California's All-American tackle, and his brother. Bill, Cal's second-string left half.
Both may face the Indian varsity in Saturday's Big Game. Bob will cause the Stanford line plenty of
worry, and Bill's increasing ability as a back will make the brother combination a headache for the Indians.

808 ItEINJIARD. California's All-American tackle, and his brother. Bill, Cal's second-string left half.
Both may face the Indian varsity in Saturday's Big Game. Bob will cause the Stanford line plenty of
worry, and Bill's increasing ability as a back will make the brother combination a headache for the Indians.

808 ItEINJIARD. California's All-American tackle, and his brother. Bill, Cal's second-string left half.
Both may face the Indian varsity in Saturday's Big Game. Bob will cause the Stanford line plenty of
worry, and Bill's increasing ability as a back will make the brother combination a headache for the Indians.
