# General Electric Agent Will Speak
## 
### 
Mr. L. E. Clover of the General
Electric Corporation will speak to
I students graduating from the Elec
trical and Mining Engineering de
partments this year on Monday, De
cember 1, at 7:15 p.m. in Room 281].
Clover will also be on campus De
cember 2 and 3 to interview this
year's Eclectrical and Mechanical
Engineering graduate!;. Interview
blanks are available at the Engincer
; ing Department office and the Ap
pointment Service.
Mr. L. E. Clover of the General
Electric Corporation will speak to
I students graduating from the Elec
trical and Mining Engineering de
partments this year on Monday, De
cember 1, at 7:15 p.m. in Room 281].
Clover will also be on campus De
cember 2 and 3 to interview this
year's Eclectrical and Mechanical
Engineering graduate!;. Interview
blanks are available at the Engincer
; ing Department office and the Ap
pointment Service.
Mr. L. E. Clover of the General
Electric Corporation will speak to
I students graduating from the Elec
trical and Mining Engineering de
partments this year on Monday, De
cember 1, at 7:15 p.m. in Room 281].
Clover will also be on campus De
cember 2 and 3 to interview this
year's Eclectrical and Mechanical
Engineering graduate!;. Interview
blanks are available at the Engincer
; ing Department office and the Ap
pointment Service.
Mr. L. E. Clover of the General
Electric Corporation will speak to
I students graduating from the Elec
trical and Mining Engineering de
partments this year on Monday, De
cember 1, at 7:15 p.m. in Room 281].
Clover will also be on campus De
cember 2 and 3 to interview this
year's Eclectrical and Mechanical
Engineering graduate!;. Interview
blanks are available at the Engincer
; ing Department office and the Ap
pointment Service.
Mr. L. E. Clover of the General
Electric Corporation will speak to
I students graduating from the Elec
trical and Mining Engineering de
partments this year on Monday, De
cember 1, at 7:15 p.m. in Room 281].
Clover will also be on campus De
cember 2 and 3 to interview this
year's Eclectrical and Mechanical
Engineering graduate!;. Interview
blanks are available at the Engincer
; ing Department office and the Ap
pointment Service.
Mr. L. E. Clover of the General
Electric Corporation will speak to
I students graduating from the Elec
trical and Mining Engineering de
partments this year on Monday, De
cember 1, at 7:15 p.m. in Room 281].
Clover will also be on campus De
cember 2 and 3 to interview this
year's Eclectrical and Mechanical
Engineering graduate!;. Interview
blanks are available at the Engincer
; ing Department office and the Ap
pointment Service.
Mr. L. E. Clover of the General
Electric Corporation will speak to
I students graduating from the Elec
trical and Mining Engineering de
partments this year on Monday, De
cember 1, at 7:15 p.m. in Room 281].
Clover will also be on campus De
cember 2 and 3 to interview this
year's Eclectrical and Mechanical
Engineering graduate!;. Interview
blanks are available at the Engincer
; ing Department office and the Ap
pointment Service.
Mr. L. E. Clover of the General
Electric Corporation will speak to
I students graduating from the Elec
trical and Mining Engineering de
partments this year on Monday, De
cember 1, at 7:15 p.m. in Room 281].
Clover will also be on campus De
cember 2 and 3 to interview this
year's Eclectrical and Mechanical
Engineering graduate!;. Interview
blanks are available at the Engincer
; ing Department office and the Ap
pointment Service.
Mr. L. E. Clover of the General
Electric Corporation will speak to
I students graduating from the Elec
trical and Mining Engineering de
partments this year on Monday, De
cember 1, at 7:15 p.m. in Room 281].
Clover will also be on campus De
cember 2 and 3 to interview this
year's Eclectrical and Mechanical
Engineering graduate!;. Interview
blanks are available at the Engincer
; ing Department office and the Ap
pointment Service.
Mr. L. E. Clover of the General
Electric Corporation will speak to
I students graduating from the Elec
trical and Mining Engineering de
partments this year on Monday, De
cember 1, at 7:15 p.m. in Room 281].
Clover will also be on campus De
cember 2 and 3 to interview this
year's Eclectrical and Mechanical
Engineering graduate!;. Interview
blanks are available at the Engincer
; ing Department office and the Ap
pointment Service.
Mr. L. E. Clover of the General
Electric Corporation will speak to
I students graduating from the Elec
trical and Mining Engineering de
partments this year on Monday, De
cember 1, at 7:15 p.m. in Room 281].
Clover will also be on campus De
cember 2 and 3 to interview this
year's Eclectrical and Mechanical
Engineering graduate!;. Interview
blanks are available at the Engincer
; ing Department office and the Ap
pointment Service.
Mr. L. E. Clover of the General
Electric Corporation will speak to
I students graduating from the Elec
trical and Mining Engineering de
partments this year on Monday, De
cember 1, at 7:15 p.m. in Room 281].
Clover will also be on campus De
cember 2 and 3 to interview this
year's Eclectrical and Mechanical
Engineering graduate!;. Interview
blanks are available at the Engincer
; ing Department office and the Ap
pointment Service.
Mr. L. E. Clover of the General
Electric Corporation will speak to
I students graduating from the Elec
trical and Mining Engineering de
partments this year on Monday, De
cember 1, at 7:15 p.m. in Room 281].
Clover will also be on campus De
cember 2 and 3 to interview this
year's Eclectrical and Mechanical
Engineering graduate!;. Interview
blanks are available at the Engincer
; ing Department office and the Ap
pointment Service.
Mr. L. E. Clover of the General
Electric Corporation will speak to
I students graduating from the Elec
trical and Mining Engineering de
partments this year on Monday, De
cember 1, at 7:15 p.m. in Room 281].
Clover will also be on campus De
cember 2 and 3 to interview this
year's Eclectrical and Mechanical
Engineering graduate!;. Interview
blanks are available at the Engincer
; ing Department office and the Ap
pointment Service.
Mr. L. E. Clover of the General
Electric Corporation will speak to
I students graduating from the Elec
trical and Mining Engineering de
partments this year on Monday, De
cember 1, at 7:15 p.m. in Room 281].
Clover will also be on campus De
cember 2 and 3 to interview this
year's Eclectrical and Mechanical
Engineering graduate!;. Interview
blanks are available at the Engincer
; ing Department office and the Ap
pointment Service.
Mr. L. E. Clover of the General
Electric Corporation will speak to
I students graduating from the Elec
trical and Mining Engineering de
partments this year on Monday, De
cember 1, at 7:15 p.m. in Room 281].
Clover will also be on campus De
cember 2 and 3 to interview this
year's Eclectrical and Mechanical
Engineering graduate!;. Interview
blanks are available at the Engincer
; ing Department office and the Ap
pointment Service.
Mr. L. E. Clover of the General
Electric Corporation will speak to
I students graduating from the Elec
trical and Mining Engineering de
partments this year on Monday, De
cember 1, at 7:15 p.m. in Room 281].
Clover will also be on campus De
cember 2 and 3 to interview this
year's Eclectrical and Mechanical
Engineering graduate!;. Interview
blanks are available at the Engincer
; ing Department office and the Ap
pointment Service.
Mr. L. E. Clover of the General
Electric Corporation will speak to
I students graduating from the Elec
trical and Mining Engineering de
partments this year on Monday, De
cember 1, at 7:15 p.m. in Room 281].
Clover will also be on campus De
cember 2 and 3 to interview this
year's Eclectrical and Mechanical
Engineering graduate!;. Interview
blanks are available at the Engincer
; ing Department office and the Ap
pointment Service.
