# Missouri Favored For Orange Bowl
## 
### 
NEW YORK, Nov. 24 (UP).—Lat
est gossip from Miami favors Texas
or Missouri vs. the Southeastern
Conference champion in the Orange
Bowl. A victory over A. & M. would
make the Longhorns prime beef for
the Miami tilt. Mississippi will cap
ture the Southeastern crown if it
defeats Mississippi State this week
but has an opening game upset by
Georgetown.
NEW YORK, Nov. 24 (UP).—Lat
est gossip from Miami favors Texas
or Missouri vs. the Southeastern
Conference champion in the Orange
Bowl. A victory over A. & M. would
make the Longhorns prime beef for
the Miami tilt. Mississippi will cap
ture the Southeastern crown if it
defeats Mississippi State this week
but has an opening game upset by
Georgetown.
NEW YORK, Nov. 24 (UP).—Lat
est gossip from Miami favors Texas
or Missouri vs. the Southeastern
Conference champion in the Orange
Bowl. A victory over A. & M. would
make the Longhorns prime beef for
the Miami tilt. Mississippi will cap
ture the Southeastern crown if it
defeats Mississippi State this week
but has an opening game upset by
Georgetown.
NEW YORK, Nov. 24 (UP).—Lat
est gossip from Miami favors Texas
or Missouri vs. the Southeastern
Conference champion in the Orange
Bowl. A victory over A. & M. would
make the Longhorns prime beef for
the Miami tilt. Mississippi will cap
ture the Southeastern crown if it
defeats Mississippi State this week
but has an opening game upset by
Georgetown.
NEW YORK, Nov. 24 (UP).—Lat
est gossip from Miami favors Texas
or Missouri vs. the Southeastern
Conference champion in the Orange
Bowl. A victory over A. & M. would
make the Longhorns prime beef for
the Miami tilt. Mississippi will cap
ture the Southeastern crown if it
defeats Mississippi State this week
but has an opening game upset by
Georgetown.
NEW YORK, Nov. 24 (UP).—Lat
est gossip from Miami favors Texas
or Missouri vs. the Southeastern
Conference champion in the Orange
Bowl. A victory over A. & M. would
make the Longhorns prime beef for
the Miami tilt. Mississippi will cap
ture the Southeastern crown if it
defeats Mississippi State this week
but has an opening game upset by
Georgetown.
NEW YORK, Nov. 24 (UP).—Lat
est gossip from Miami favors Texas
or Missouri vs. the Southeastern
Conference champion in the Orange
Bowl. A victory over A. & M. would
make the Longhorns prime beef for
the Miami tilt. Mississippi will cap
ture the Southeastern crown if it
defeats Mississippi State this week
but has an opening game upset by
Georgetown.
NEW YORK, Nov. 24 (UP).—Lat
est gossip from Miami favors Texas
or Missouri vs. the Southeastern
Conference champion in the Orange
Bowl. A victory over A. & M. would
make the Longhorns prime beef for
the Miami tilt. Mississippi will cap
ture the Southeastern crown if it
defeats Mississippi State this week
but has an opening game upset by
Georgetown.
NEW YORK, Nov. 24 (UP).—Lat
est gossip from Miami favors Texas
or Missouri vs. the Southeastern
Conference champion in the Orange
Bowl. A victory over A. & M. would
make the Longhorns prime beef for
the Miami tilt. Mississippi will cap
ture the Southeastern crown if it
defeats Mississippi State this week
but has an opening game upset by
Georgetown.
NEW YORK, Nov. 24 (UP).—Lat
est gossip from Miami favors Texas
or Missouri vs. the Southeastern
Conference champion in the Orange
Bowl. A victory over A. & M. would
make the Longhorns prime beef for
the Miami tilt. Mississippi will cap
ture the Southeastern crown if it
defeats Mississippi State this week
but has an opening game upset by
Georgetown.
NEW YORK, Nov. 24 (UP).—Lat
est gossip from Miami favors Texas
or Missouri vs. the Southeastern
Conference champion in the Orange
Bowl. A victory over A. & M. would
make the Longhorns prime beef for
the Miami tilt. Mississippi will cap
ture the Southeastern crown if it
defeats Mississippi State this week
but has an opening game upset by
Georgetown.
NEW YORK, Nov. 24 (UP).—Lat
est gossip from Miami favors Texas
or Missouri vs. the Southeastern
Conference champion in the Orange
Bowl. A victory over A. & M. would
make the Longhorns prime beef for
the Miami tilt. Mississippi will cap
ture the Southeastern crown if it
defeats Mississippi State this week
but has an opening game upset by
Georgetown.
NEW YORK, Nov. 24 (UP).—Lat
est gossip from Miami favors Texas
or Missouri vs. the Southeastern
Conference champion in the Orange
Bowl. A victory over A. & M. would
make the Longhorns prime beef for
the Miami tilt. Mississippi will cap
ture the Southeastern crown if it
defeats Mississippi State this week
but has an opening game upset by
Georgetown.
NEW YORK, Nov. 24 (UP).—Lat
est gossip from Miami favors Texas
or Missouri vs. the Southeastern
Conference champion in the Orange
Bowl. A victory over A. & M. would
make the Longhorns prime beef for
the Miami tilt. Mississippi will cap
ture the Southeastern crown if it
defeats Mississippi State this week
but has an opening game upset by
Georgetown.
NEW YORK, Nov. 24 (UP).—Lat
est gossip from Miami favors Texas
or Missouri vs. the Southeastern
Conference champion in the Orange
Bowl. A victory over A. & M. would
make the Longhorns prime beef for
the Miami tilt. Mississippi will cap
ture the Southeastern crown if it
defeats Mississippi State this week
but has an opening game upset by
Georgetown.
NEW YORK, Nov. 24 (UP).—Lat
est gossip from Miami favors Texas
or Missouri vs. the Southeastern
Conference champion in the Orange
Bowl. A victory over A. & M. would
make the Longhorns prime beef for
the Miami tilt. Mississippi will cap
ture the Southeastern crown if it
defeats Mississippi State this week
but has an opening game upset by
Georgetown.
NEW YORK, Nov. 24 (UP).—Lat
est gossip from Miami favors Texas
or Missouri vs. the Southeastern
Conference champion in the Orange
Bowl. A victory over A. & M. would
make the Longhorns prime beef for
the Miami tilt. Mississippi will cap
ture the Southeastern crown if it
defeats Mississippi State this week
but has an opening game upset by
Georgetown.
NEW YORK, Nov. 24 (UP).—Lat
est gossip from Miami favors Texas
or Missouri vs. the Southeastern
Conference champion in the Orange
Bowl. A victory over A. & M. would
make the Longhorns prime beef for
the Miami tilt. Mississippi will cap
ture the Southeastern crown if it
defeats Mississippi State this week
but has an opening game upset by
Georgetown.
