# S.F. Hotel Strike Affects Bellevue
## 
### 
SAN FR A NCI SO, Nov. 24 (UP).-
Pickets today patrolled the Bellevue
Hotel, 13th hotel affected by a pro
tracted strike of the San Francisco ;
Culinary Workers and Bartenders
(AFL).
The Bellevue remained open and
operating, as did the other 12 hotels
picketed in the dispute over union
demands for wage increases and a
closed shop contract.
SAN FR A NCI SO, Nov. 24 (UP).-
Pickets today patrolled the Bellevue
Hotel, 13th hotel affected by a pro
tracted strike of the San Francisco ;
Culinary Workers and Bartenders
(AFL).
The Bellevue remained open and
operating, as did the other 12 hotels
picketed in the dispute over union
demands for wage increases and a
closed shop contract.
SAN FR A NCI SO, Nov. 24 (UP).-
Pickets today patrolled the Bellevue
Hotel, 13th hotel affected by a pro
tracted strike of the San Francisco ;
Culinary Workers and Bartenders
(AFL).
The Bellevue remained open and
operating, as did the other 12 hotels
picketed in the dispute over union
demands for wage increases and a
closed shop contract.
SAN FR A NCI SO, Nov. 24 (UP).-
Pickets today patrolled the Bellevue
Hotel, 13th hotel affected by a pro
tracted strike of the San Francisco ;
Culinary Workers and Bartenders
(AFL).
The Bellevue remained open and
operating, as did the other 12 hotels
picketed in the dispute over union
demands for wage increases and a
closed shop contract.
SAN FR A NCI SO, Nov. 24 (UP).-
Pickets today patrolled the Bellevue
Hotel, 13th hotel affected by a pro
tracted strike of the San Francisco ;
Culinary Workers and Bartenders
(AFL).
The Bellevue remained open and
operating, as did the other 12 hotels
picketed in the dispute over union
demands for wage increases and a
closed shop contract.
SAN FR A NCI SO, Nov. 24 (UP).-
Pickets today patrolled the Bellevue
Hotel, 13th hotel affected by a pro
tracted strike of the San Francisco ;
Culinary Workers and Bartenders
(AFL).
The Bellevue remained open and
operating, as did the other 12 hotels
picketed in the dispute over union
demands for wage increases and a
closed shop contract.
SAN FR A NCI SO, Nov. 24 (UP).-
Pickets today patrolled the Bellevue
Hotel, 13th hotel affected by a pro
tracted strike of the San Francisco ;
Culinary Workers and Bartenders
(AFL).
The Bellevue remained open and
operating, as did the other 12 hotels
picketed in the dispute over union
demands for wage increases and a
closed shop contract.
SAN FR A NCI SO, Nov. 24 (UP).-
Pickets today patrolled the Bellevue
Hotel, 13th hotel affected by a pro
tracted strike of the San Francisco ;
Culinary Workers and Bartenders
(AFL).
The Bellevue remained open and
operating, as did the other 12 hotels
picketed in the dispute over union
demands for wage increases and a
closed shop contract.
SAN FR A NCI SO, Nov. 24 (UP).-
Pickets today patrolled the Bellevue
Hotel, 13th hotel affected by a pro
tracted strike of the San Francisco ;
Culinary Workers and Bartenders
(AFL).
The Bellevue remained open and
operating, as did the other 12 hotels
picketed in the dispute over union
demands for wage increases and a
closed shop contract.
SAN FR A NCI SO, Nov. 24 (UP).-
Pickets today patrolled the Bellevue
Hotel, 13th hotel affected by a pro
tracted strike of the San Francisco ;
Culinary Workers and Bartenders
(AFL).
The Bellevue remained open and
operating, as did the other 12 hotels
picketed in the dispute over union
demands for wage increases and a
closed shop contract.
SAN FR A NCI SO, Nov. 24 (UP).-
Pickets today patrolled the Bellevue
Hotel, 13th hotel affected by a pro
tracted strike of the San Francisco ;
Culinary Workers and Bartenders
(AFL).
The Bellevue remained open and
operating, as did the other 12 hotels
picketed in the dispute over union
demands for wage increases and a
closed shop contract.
SAN FR A NCI SO, Nov. 24 (UP).-
Pickets today patrolled the Bellevue
Hotel, 13th hotel affected by a pro
tracted strike of the San Francisco ;
Culinary Workers and Bartenders
(AFL).
The Bellevue remained open and
operating, as did the other 12 hotels
picketed in the dispute over union
demands for wage increases and a
closed shop contract.
SAN FR A NCI SO, Nov. 24 (UP).-
Pickets today patrolled the Bellevue
Hotel, 13th hotel affected by a pro
tracted strike of the San Francisco ;
Culinary Workers and Bartenders
(AFL).
The Bellevue remained open and
operating, as did the other 12 hotels
picketed in the dispute over union
demands for wage increases and a
closed shop contract.
SAN FR A NCI SO, Nov. 24 (UP).-
Pickets today patrolled the Bellevue
Hotel, 13th hotel affected by a pro
tracted strike of the San Francisco ;
Culinary Workers and Bartenders
(AFL).
The Bellevue remained open and
operating, as did the other 12 hotels
picketed in the dispute over union
demands for wage increases and a
closed shop contract.
SAN FR A NCI SO, Nov. 24 (UP).-
Pickets today patrolled the Bellevue
Hotel, 13th hotel affected by a pro
tracted strike of the San Francisco ;
Culinary Workers and Bartenders
(AFL).
The Bellevue remained open and
operating, as did the other 12 hotels
picketed in the dispute over union
demands for wage increases and a
closed shop contract.
SAN FR A NCI SO, Nov. 24 (UP).-
Pickets today patrolled the Bellevue
Hotel, 13th hotel affected by a pro
tracted strike of the San Francisco ;
Culinary Workers and Bartenders
(AFL).
The Bellevue remained open and
operating, as did the other 12 hotels
picketed in the dispute over union
demands for wage increases and a
closed shop contract.
SAN FR A NCI SO, Nov. 24 (UP).-
Pickets today patrolled the Bellevue
Hotel, 13th hotel affected by a pro
tracted strike of the San Francisco ;
Culinary Workers and Bartenders
(AFL).
The Bellevue remained open and
operating, as did the other 12 hotels
picketed in the dispute over union
demands for wage increases and a
closed shop contract.
SAN FR A NCI SO, Nov. 24 (UP).-
Pickets today patrolled the Bellevue
Hotel, 13th hotel affected by a pro
tracted strike of the San Francisco ;
Culinary Workers and Bartenders
(AFL).
The Bellevue remained open and
operating, as did the other 12 hotels
picketed in the dispute over union
demands for wage increases and a
closed shop contract.
