# Post-Game Notices Due by Tomorrow
## 
### 
All administrative and student or
ganizations having announcements j
concerning events occurring after
this Friday are requested to sub
mit the announcements to The Daily
by Wednesday as the last Daily of
the quarter will be the Big Game
edition Friday.
All administrative and student or
ganizations having announcements j
concerning events occurring after
this Friday are requested to sub
mit the announcements to The Daily
by Wednesday as the last Daily of
the quarter will be the Big Game
edition Friday.
All administrative and student or
ganizations having announcements j
concerning events occurring after
this Friday are requested to sub
mit the announcements to The Daily
by Wednesday as the last Daily of
the quarter will be the Big Game
edition Friday.
All administrative and student or
ganizations having announcements j
concerning events occurring after
this Friday are requested to sub
mit the announcements to The Daily
by Wednesday as the last Daily of
the quarter will be the Big Game
edition Friday.
All administrative and student or
ganizations having announcements j
concerning events occurring after
this Friday are requested to sub
mit the announcements to The Daily
by Wednesday as the last Daily of
the quarter will be the Big Game
edition Friday.
All administrative and student or
ganizations having announcements j
concerning events occurring after
this Friday are requested to sub
mit the announcements to The Daily
by Wednesday as the last Daily of
the quarter will be the Big Game
edition Friday.
All administrative and student or
ganizations having announcements j
concerning events occurring after
this Friday are requested to sub
mit the announcements to The Daily
by Wednesday as the last Daily of
the quarter will be the Big Game
edition Friday.
All administrative and student or
ganizations having announcements j
concerning events occurring after
this Friday are requested to sub
mit the announcements to The Daily
by Wednesday as the last Daily of
the quarter will be the Big Game
edition Friday.
All administrative and student or
ganizations having announcements j
concerning events occurring after
this Friday are requested to sub
mit the announcements to The Daily
by Wednesday as the last Daily of
the quarter will be the Big Game
edition Friday.
All administrative and student or
ganizations having announcements j
concerning events occurring after
this Friday are requested to sub
mit the announcements to The Daily
by Wednesday as the last Daily of
the quarter will be the Big Game
edition Friday.
All administrative and student or
ganizations having announcements j
concerning events occurring after
this Friday are requested to sub
mit the announcements to The Daily
by Wednesday as the last Daily of
the quarter will be the Big Game
edition Friday.
All administrative and student or
ganizations having announcements j
concerning events occurring after
this Friday are requested to sub
mit the announcements to The Daily
by Wednesday as the last Daily of
the quarter will be the Big Game
edition Friday.
All administrative and student or
ganizations having announcements j
concerning events occurring after
this Friday are requested to sub
mit the announcements to The Daily
by Wednesday as the last Daily of
the quarter will be the Big Game
edition Friday.
All administrative and student or
ganizations having announcements j
concerning events occurring after
this Friday are requested to sub
mit the announcements to The Daily
by Wednesday as the last Daily of
the quarter will be the Big Game
edition Friday.
All administrative and student or
ganizations having announcements j
concerning events occurring after
this Friday are requested to sub
mit the announcements to The Daily
by Wednesday as the last Daily of
the quarter will be the Big Game
edition Friday.
All administrative and student or
ganizations having announcements j
concerning events occurring after
this Friday are requested to sub
mit the announcements to The Daily
by Wednesday as the last Daily of
the quarter will be the Big Game
edition Friday.
All administrative and student or
ganizations having announcements j
concerning events occurring after
this Friday are requested to sub
mit the announcements to The Daily
by Wednesday as the last Daily of
the quarter will be the Big Game
edition Friday.
All administrative and student or
ganizations having announcements j
concerning events occurring after
this Friday are requested to sub
mit the announcements to The Daily
by Wednesday as the last Daily of
the quarter will be the Big Game
edition Friday.
