# Getting through the insurance maze
## 
### MADELAINE SMITH 
Stanford University has al
ways strongly recommended
that students carry medical in
surance. This is especially im
portant for people who are
graduating and whose
eligibility for the services at
Cowell Student Health ter
minate on June 16, 1985.
So, what are your medical
insurance options?
Group insurance policies,
such as employer plans, edu
cational institution plans,
spouse coverage or profes
sional association plans offer
more comprehensive plans at
lower rates than individual
plans. Therefore, if you
qualify for a group plan you
should pursue this option. If,
however, this option is not
available to you, you will need
to get an individual policy,
which many insurance com
panies offer. Request infor
mation from a few different
insurance carriers and com
pare their plans, taking into
consideration your needs and
ability to pay. Do not be
hesitant to ask questions to
be sure that you understand
the details of what you are
being offered. Speaking to
friends and relatives can give
you some insightful informa
tion regarding consumer
satisfaction.
If you have the Stanford
University student Blue Cross

of California policy, you have
paid for coverage to the end
of summer quarter, Septem
ber 15,1985. The exception to
this is the student who has
dependents on his/her policy;
these are billed quarterly and
will receive a statement for
summer quarter.
If you have been covered
by another policy which will
expire because your student
status ends, you can become
a member of the Stanford
University student Blue Cross
plan for the period June 15 to
September 15, 1985. To join
you must present verification
of previous coverage to
Madelaine Smith at Cowell
Student Health before June
15,1985. Acceptable proofs of
previous coverage are a letter
from an employer or a state
ment from your insurance
carrier indicating the date on
which your policy expires or
expired. The expiration date
must be May 1 or later. If you
qualify, your approved .appli
cation and letter of verifica
tion will be forwarded to Blue
Cross.
When the student Blue
Cross of California policy ter
minates on September 15,
1985, and the member is not
picked up by another group
plan, but wishes continued

coverage with Blue Cross, you
can request conversion to an
individual policy. The advan
tage of requesting a conver
sion over applying for an
individual policy is that pre
existing conditions will be
covered. The conversion
policy, however, is an individ
ual plan, and the level of
coverage you select will de
termine the premiums. The
rates are dramatically higher

(50 to 85 percent) for these
plans.
The cost of medical care is
expensive, so the energy you
spend getting a good medical
plan to provide protection for
both routine and extensive
care is a worthwhile invest
ment.
(Madelaine Smith is an admin
istrative assistant at Cowell.)
Stanford University has al
ways strongly recommended
that students carry medical in
surance. This is especially im
portant for people who are
graduating and whose
eligibility for the services at
Cowell Student Health ter
minate on June 16, 1985.
So, what are your medical
insurance options?
Group insurance policies,
such as employer plans, edu
cational institution plans,
spouse coverage or profes
sional association plans offer
more comprehensive plans at
lower rates than individual
plans. Therefore, if you
qualify for a group plan you
should pursue this option. If,
however, this option is not
available to you, you will need
to get an individual policy,
which many insurance com
panies offer. Request infor
mation from a few different
insurance carriers and com
pare their plans, taking into
consideration your needs and
ability to pay. Do not be
hesitant to ask questions to
be sure that you understand
the details of what you are
being offered. Speaking to
friends and relatives can give
you some insightful informa
tion regarding consumer
satisfaction.
If you have the Stanford
University student Blue Cross

of California policy, you have
paid for coverage to the end
of summer quarter, Septem
ber 15,1985. The exception to
this is the student who has
dependents on his/her policy;
these are billed quarterly and
will receive a statement for
summer quarter.
If you have been covered
by another policy which will
expire because your student
status ends, you can become
a member of the Stanford
University student Blue Cross
plan for the period June 15 to
September 15, 1985. To join
you must present verification
of previous coverage to
Madelaine Smith at Cowell
Student Health before June
15,1985. Acceptable proofs of
previous coverage are a letter
from an employer or a state
ment from your insurance
carrier indicating the date on
which your policy expires or
expired. The expiration date
must be May 1 or later. If you
qualify, your approved .appli
cation and letter of verifica
tion will be forwarded to Blue
Cross.
When the student Blue
Cross of California policy ter
minates on September 15,
1985, and the member is not
picked up by another group
plan, but wishes continued

coverage with Blue Cross, you
can request conversion to an
individual policy. The advan
tage of requesting a conver
sion over applying for an
individual policy is that pre
existing conditions will be
covered. The conversion
policy, however, is an individ
ual plan, and the level of
coverage you select will de
termine the premiums. The
rates are dramatically higher

(50 to 85 percent) for these
plans.
The cost of medical care is
expensive, so the energy you
spend getting a good medical
plan to provide protection for
both routine and extensive
care is a worthwhile invest
ment.
(Madelaine Smith is an admin
istrative assistant at Cowell.)
Stanford University has al
ways strongly recommended
that students carry medical in
surance. This is especially im
portant for people who are
graduating and whose
eligibility for the services at
Cowell Student Health ter
minate on June 16, 1985.
So, what are your medical
insurance options?
Group insurance policies,
such as employer plans, edu
cational institution plans,
spouse coverage or profes
sional association plans offer
more comprehensive plans at
lower rates than individual
plans. Therefore, if you
qualify for a group plan you
should pursue this option. If,
however, this option is not
available to you, you will need
to get an individual policy,
which many insurance com
panies offer. Request infor
mation from a few different
insurance carriers and com
pare their plans, taking into
consideration your needs and
ability to pay. Do not be
hesitant to ask questions to
be sure that you understand
the details of what you are
being offered. Speaking to
friends and relatives can give
you some insightful informa
tion regarding consumer
satisfaction.
If you have the Stanford
University student Blue Cross

of California policy, you have
paid for coverage to the end
of summer quarter, Septem
ber 15,1985. The exception to
this is the student who has
dependents on his/her policy;
these are billed quarterly and
will receive a statement for
summer quarter.
If you have been covered
by another policy which will
expire because your student
status ends, you can become
a member of the Stanford
University student Blue Cross
plan for the period June 15 to
September 15, 1985. To join
you must present verification
of previous coverage to
Madelaine Smith at Cowell
Student Health before June
15,1985. Acceptable proofs of
previous coverage are a letter
from an employer or a state
ment from your insurance
carrier indicating the date on
which your policy expires or
expired. The expiration date
must be May 1 or later. If you
qualify, your approved .appli
cation and letter of verifica
tion will be forwarded to Blue
Cross.
When the student Blue
Cross of California policy ter
minates on September 15,
1985, and the member is not
picked up by another group
plan, but wishes continued

coverage with Blue Cross, you
can request conversion to an
individual policy. The advan
tage of requesting a conver
sion over applying for an
individual policy is that pre
existing conditions will be
covered. The conversion
policy, however, is an individ
ual plan, and the level of
coverage you select will de
termine the premiums. The
rates are dramatically higher

(50 to 85 percent) for these
plans.
The cost of medical care is
expensive, so the energy you
spend getting a good medical
plan to provide protection for
both routine and extensive
care is a worthwhile invest
ment.
(Madelaine Smith is an admin
istrative assistant at Cowell.)
Stanford University has al
ways strongly recommended
that students carry medical in
surance. This is especially im
portant for people who are
graduating and whose
eligibility for the services at
Cowell Student Health ter
minate on June 16, 1985.
So, what are your medical
insurance options?
Group insurance policies,
such as employer plans, edu
cational institution plans,
spouse coverage or profes
sional association plans offer
more comprehensive plans at
lower rates than individual
plans. Therefore, if you
qualify for a group plan you
should pursue this option. If,
however, this option is not
available to you, you will need
to get an individual policy,
which many insurance com
panies offer. Request infor
mation from a few different
insurance carriers and com
pare their plans, taking into
consideration your needs and
ability to pay. Do not be
hesitant to ask questions to
be sure that you understand
the details of what you are
being offered. Speaking to
friends and relatives can give
you some insightful informa
tion regarding consumer
satisfaction.
If you have the Stanford
University student Blue Cross

of California policy, you have
paid for coverage to the end
of summer quarter, Septem
ber 15,1985. The exception to
this is the student who has
dependents on his/her policy;
these are billed quarterly and
will receive a statement for
summer quarter.
If you have been covered
by another policy which will
expire because your student
status ends, you can become
a member of the Stanford
University student Blue Cross
plan for the period June 15 to
September 15, 1985. To join
you must present verification
of previous coverage to
Madelaine Smith at Cowell
Student Health before June
15,1985. Acceptable proofs of
previous coverage are a letter
from an employer or a state
ment from your insurance
carrier indicating the date on
which your policy expires or
expired. The expiration date
must be May 1 or later. If you
qualify, your approved .appli
cation and letter of verifica
tion will be forwarded to Blue
Cross.
When the student Blue
Cross of California policy ter
minates on September 15,
1985, and the member is not
picked up by another group
plan, but wishes continued

coverage with Blue Cross, you
can request conversion to an
individual policy. The advan
tage of requesting a conver
sion over applying for an
individual policy is that pre
existing conditions will be
covered. The conversion
policy, however, is an individ
ual plan, and the level of
coverage you select will de
termine the premiums. The
rates are dramatically higher

(50 to 85 percent) for these
plans.
The cost of medical care is
expensive, so the energy you
spend getting a good medical
plan to provide protection for
both routine and extensive
care is a worthwhile invest
ment.
(Madelaine Smith is an admin
istrative assistant at Cowell.)
Stanford University has al
ways strongly recommended
that students carry medical in
surance. This is especially im
portant for people who are
graduating and whose
eligibility for the services at
Cowell Student Health ter
minate on June 16, 1985.
So, what are your medical
insurance options?
Group insurance policies,
such as employer plans, edu
cational institution plans,
spouse coverage or profes
sional association plans offer
more comprehensive plans at
lower rates than individual
plans. Therefore, if you
qualify for a group plan you
should pursue this option. If,
however, this option is not
available to you, you will need
to get an individual policy,
which many insurance com
panies offer. Request infor
mation from a few different
insurance carriers and com
pare their plans, taking into
consideration your needs and
ability to pay. Do not be
hesitant to ask questions to
be sure that you understand
the details of what you are
being offered. Speaking to
friends and relatives can give
you some insightful informa
tion regarding consumer
satisfaction.
If you have the Stanford
University student Blue Cross

of California policy, you have
paid for coverage to the end
of summer quarter, Septem
ber 15,1985. The exception to
this is the student who has
dependents on his/her policy;
these are billed quarterly and
will receive a statement for
summer quarter.
If you have been covered
by another policy which will
expire because your student
status ends, you can become
a member of the Stanford
University student Blue Cross
plan for the period June 15 to
September 15, 1985. To join
you must present verification
of previous coverage to
Madelaine Smith at Cowell
Student Health before June
15,1985. Acceptable proofs of
previous coverage are a letter
from an employer or a state
ment from your insurance
carrier indicating the date on
which your policy expires or
expired. The expiration date
must be May 1 or later. If you
qualify, your approved .appli
cation and letter of verifica
tion will be forwarded to Blue
Cross.
When the student Blue
Cross of California policy ter
minates on September 15,
1985, and the member is not
picked up by another group
plan, but wishes continued

coverage with Blue Cross, you
can request conversion to an
individual policy. The advan
tage of requesting a conver
sion over applying for an
individual policy is that pre
existing conditions will be
covered. The conversion
policy, however, is an individ
ual plan, and the level of
coverage you select will de
termine the premiums. The
rates are dramatically higher

(50 to 85 percent) for these
plans.
The cost of medical care is
expensive, so the energy you
spend getting a good medical
plan to provide protection for
both routine and extensive
care is a worthwhile invest
ment.
(Madelaine Smith is an admin
istrative assistant at Cowell.)
Stanford University has al
ways strongly recommended
that students carry medical in
surance. This is especially im
portant for people who are
graduating and whose
eligibility for the services at
Cowell Student Health ter
minate on June 16, 1985.
So, what are your medical
insurance options?
Group insurance policies,
such as employer plans, edu
cational institution plans,
spouse coverage or profes
sional association plans offer
more comprehensive plans at
lower rates than individual
plans. Therefore, if you
qualify for a group plan you
should pursue this option. If,
however, this option is not
available to you, you will need
to get an individual policy,
which many insurance com
panies offer. Request infor
mation from a few different
insurance carriers and com
pare their plans, taking into
consideration your needs and
ability to pay. Do not be
hesitant to ask questions to
be sure that you understand
the details of what you are
being offered. Speaking to
friends and relatives can give
you some insightful informa
tion regarding consumer
satisfaction.
If you have the Stanford
University student Blue Cross

of California policy, you have
paid for coverage to the end
of summer quarter, Septem
ber 15,1985. The exception to
this is the student who has
dependents on his/her policy;
these are billed quarterly and
will receive a statement for
summer quarter.
If you have been covered
by another policy which will
expire because your student
status ends, you can become
a member of the Stanford
University student Blue Cross
plan for the period June 15 to
September 15, 1985. To join
you must present verification
of previous coverage to
Madelaine Smith at Cowell
Student Health before June
15,1985. Acceptable proofs of
previous coverage are a letter
from an employer or a state
ment from your insurance
carrier indicating the date on
which your policy expires or
expired. The expiration date
must be May 1 or later. If you
qualify, your approved .appli
cation and letter of verifica
tion will be forwarded to Blue
Cross.
When the student Blue
Cross of California policy ter
minates on September 15,
1985, and the member is not
picked up by another group
plan, but wishes continued

coverage with Blue Cross, you
can request conversion to an
individual policy. The advan
tage of requesting a conver
sion over applying for an
individual policy is that pre
existing conditions will be
covered. The conversion
policy, however, is an individ
ual plan, and the level of
coverage you select will de
termine the premiums. The
rates are dramatically higher

(50 to 85 percent) for these
plans.
The cost of medical care is
expensive, so the energy you
spend getting a good medical
plan to provide protection for
both routine and extensive
care is a worthwhile invest
ment.
(Madelaine Smith is an admin
istrative assistant at Cowell.)
Stanford University has al
ways strongly recommended
that students carry medical in
surance. This is especially im
portant for people who are
graduating and whose
eligibility for the services at
Cowell Student Health ter
minate on June 16, 1985.
So, what are your medical
insurance options?
Group insurance policies,
such as employer plans, edu
cational institution plans,
spouse coverage or profes
sional association plans offer
more comprehensive plans at
lower rates than individual
plans. Therefore, if you
qualify for a group plan you
should pursue this option. If,
however, this option is not
available to you, you will need
to get an individual policy,
which many insurance com
panies offer. Request infor
mation from a few different
insurance carriers and com
pare their plans, taking into
consideration your needs and
ability to pay. Do not be
hesitant to ask questions to
be sure that you understand
the details of what you are
being offered. Speaking to
friends and relatives can give
you some insightful informa
tion regarding consumer
satisfaction.
If you have the Stanford
University student Blue Cross

of California policy, you have
paid for coverage to the end
of summer quarter, Septem
ber 15,1985. The exception to
this is the student who has
dependents on his/her policy;
these are billed quarterly and
will receive a statement for
summer quarter.
If you have been covered
by another policy which will
expire because your student
status ends, you can become
a member of the Stanford
University student Blue Cross
plan for the period June 15 to
September 15, 1985. To join
you must present verification
of previous coverage to
Madelaine Smith at Cowell
Student Health before June
15,1985. Acceptable proofs of
previous coverage are a letter
from an employer or a state
ment from your insurance
carrier indicating the date on
which your policy expires or
expired. The expiration date
must be May 1 or later. If you
qualify, your approved .appli
cation and letter of verifica
tion will be forwarded to Blue
Cross.
When the student Blue
Cross of California policy ter
minates on September 15,
1985, and the member is not
picked up by another group
plan, but wishes continued

coverage with Blue Cross, you
can request conversion to an
individual policy. The advan
tage of requesting a conver
sion over applying for an
individual policy is that pre
existing conditions will be
covered. The conversion
policy, however, is an individ
ual plan, and the level of
coverage you select will de
termine the premiums. The
rates are dramatically higher

(50 to 85 percent) for these
plans.
The cost of medical care is
expensive, so the energy you
spend getting a good medical
plan to provide protection for
both routine and extensive
care is a worthwhile invest
ment.
(Madelaine Smith is an admin
istrative assistant at Cowell.)
