# Student Apathy Leads to Failure Of NSA at Antioch
## 
### 
Student apathy toward the Na
tional Student Association at An
tioch College has resulted in the
dissolution of Antioch's NSA
chapter.
Although the Antioeh College
Community Council expressed the
conviction that NSA is a worth
while organization. it made the de
cision lor dissolution when there
was an insufficient number of
candidates for the local NSA
board.
Opposition was first raised by
the Antioeh Student Body toward
the compulsory membership of
students in the organization. Last
May, the Community Council re
quested that NSA membership at
Antioeh be permitted on an in
dividual, voluntary basis. The re
quest was refused by the NSA
convention.
Antioeh College was the 112 i rst
college in the country to found a
chapter of the NSA. Student in
terest in the organization ebbed
in the fifties, but was rekindled
by a referendum in 1962. Last
year, however, the Antioeh Chap
ter failed to attract a quorum at
its mass meeting in which individ
ual students make their views
known to their NSA representa
tives.
Despite Antioch's withdrawal,
the distribution of NSA pamph
lets and attendance at NSA semi
nars will still be permitted. The
Community Council, in ending its
long relationship with the NSA,
noted that there would still be an
abundant number of student or
ganizations to represent the st u
j dent's social and political views
without the NSA.
Student apathy toward the Na
tional Student Association at An
tioch College has resulted in the
dissolution of Antioch's NSA
chapter.
Although the Antioeh College
Community Council expressed the
conviction that NSA is a worth
while organization. it made the de
cision lor dissolution when there
was an insufficient number of
candidates for the local NSA
board.
Opposition was first raised by
the Antioeh Student Body toward
the compulsory membership of
students in the organization. Last
May, the Community Council re
quested that NSA membership at
Antioeh be permitted on an in
dividual, voluntary basis. The re
quest was refused by the NSA
convention.
Antioeh College was the 112 i rst
college in the country to found a
chapter of the NSA. Student in
terest in the organization ebbed
in the fifties, but was rekindled
by a referendum in 1962. Last
year, however, the Antioeh Chap
ter failed to attract a quorum at
its mass meeting in which individ
ual students make their views
known to their NSA representa
tives.
Despite Antioch's withdrawal,
the distribution of NSA pamph
lets and attendance at NSA semi
nars will still be permitted. The
Community Council, in ending its
long relationship with the NSA,
noted that there would still be an
abundant number of student or
ganizations to represent the st u
j dent's social and political views
without the NSA.
Student apathy toward the Na
tional Student Association at An
tioch College has resulted in the
dissolution of Antioch's NSA
chapter.
Although the Antioeh College
Community Council expressed the
conviction that NSA is a worth
while organization. it made the de
cision lor dissolution when there
was an insufficient number of
candidates for the local NSA
board.
Opposition was first raised by
the Antioeh Student Body toward
the compulsory membership of
students in the organization. Last
May, the Community Council re
quested that NSA membership at
Antioeh be permitted on an in
dividual, voluntary basis. The re
quest was refused by the NSA
convention.
Antioeh College was the 112 i rst
college in the country to found a
chapter of the NSA. Student in
terest in the organization ebbed
in the fifties, but was rekindled
by a referendum in 1962. Last
year, however, the Antioeh Chap
ter failed to attract a quorum at
its mass meeting in which individ
ual students make their views
known to their NSA representa
tives.
Despite Antioch's withdrawal,
the distribution of NSA pamph
lets and attendance at NSA semi
nars will still be permitted. The
Community Council, in ending its
long relationship with the NSA,
noted that there would still be an
abundant number of student or
ganizations to represent the st u
j dent's social and political views
without the NSA.
Student apathy toward the Na
tional Student Association at An
tioch College has resulted in the
dissolution of Antioch's NSA
chapter.
Although the Antioeh College
Community Council expressed the
conviction that NSA is a worth
while organization. it made the de
cision lor dissolution when there
was an insufficient number of
candidates for the local NSA
board.
Opposition was first raised by
the Antioeh Student Body toward
the compulsory membership of
students in the organization. Last
May, the Community Council re
quested that NSA membership at
Antioeh be permitted on an in
dividual, voluntary basis. The re
quest was refused by the NSA
convention.
Antioeh College was the 112 i rst
college in the country to found a
chapter of the NSA. Student in
terest in the organization ebbed
in the fifties, but was rekindled
by a referendum in 1962. Last
year, however, the Antioeh Chap
ter failed to attract a quorum at
its mass meeting in which individ
ual students make their views
known to their NSA representa
tives.
Despite Antioch's withdrawal,
the distribution of NSA pamph
lets and attendance at NSA semi
nars will still be permitted. The
Community Council, in ending its
long relationship with the NSA,
noted that there would still be an
abundant number of student or
ganizations to represent the st u
j dent's social and political views
without the NSA.
Student apathy toward the Na
tional Student Association at An
tioch College has resulted in the
dissolution of Antioch's NSA
chapter.
Although the Antioeh College
Community Council expressed the
conviction that NSA is a worth
while organization. it made the de
cision lor dissolution when there
was an insufficient number of
candidates for the local NSA
board.
Opposition was first raised by
the Antioeh Student Body toward
the compulsory membership of
students in the organization. Last
May, the Community Council re
quested that NSA membership at
Antioeh be permitted on an in
dividual, voluntary basis. The re
quest was refused by the NSA
convention.
Antioeh College was the 112 i rst
college in the country to found a
chapter of the NSA. Student in
terest in the organization ebbed
in the fifties, but was rekindled
by a referendum in 1962. Last
year, however, the Antioeh Chap
ter failed to attract a quorum at
its mass meeting in which individ
ual students make their views
known to their NSA representa
tives.
Despite Antioch's withdrawal,
the distribution of NSA pamph
lets and attendance at NSA semi
nars will still be permitted. The
Community Council, in ending its
long relationship with the NSA,
noted that there would still be an
abundant number of student or
ganizations to represent the st u
j dent's social and political views
without the NSA.
Student apathy toward the Na
tional Student Association at An
tioch College has resulted in the
dissolution of Antioch's NSA
chapter.
Although the Antioeh College
Community Council expressed the
conviction that NSA is a worth
while organization. it made the de
cision lor dissolution when there
was an insufficient number of
candidates for the local NSA
board.
Opposition was first raised by
the Antioeh Student Body toward
the compulsory membership of
students in the organization. Last
May, the Community Council re
quested that NSA membership at
Antioeh be permitted on an in
dividual, voluntary basis. The re
quest was refused by the NSA
convention.
Antioeh College was the 112 i rst
college in the country to found a
chapter of the NSA. Student in
terest in the organization ebbed
in the fifties, but was rekindled
by a referendum in 1962. Last
year, however, the Antioeh Chap
ter failed to attract a quorum at
its mass meeting in which individ
ual students make their views
known to their NSA representa
tives.
Despite Antioch's withdrawal,
the distribution of NSA pamph
lets and attendance at NSA semi
nars will still be permitted. The
Community Council, in ending its
long relationship with the NSA,
noted that there would still be an
abundant number of student or
ganizations to represent the st u
j dent's social and political views
without the NSA.
Student apathy toward the Na
tional Student Association at An
tioch College has resulted in the
dissolution of Antioch's NSA
chapter.
Although the Antioeh College
Community Council expressed the
conviction that NSA is a worth
while organization. it made the de
cision lor dissolution when there
was an insufficient number of
candidates for the local NSA
board.
Opposition was first raised by
the Antioeh Student Body toward
the compulsory membership of
students in the organization. Last
May, the Community Council re
quested that NSA membership at
Antioeh be permitted on an in
dividual, voluntary basis. The re
quest was refused by the NSA
convention.
Antioeh College was the 112 i rst
college in the country to found a
chapter of the NSA. Student in
terest in the organization ebbed
in the fifties, but was rekindled
by a referendum in 1962. Last
year, however, the Antioeh Chap
ter failed to attract a quorum at
its mass meeting in which individ
ual students make their views
known to their NSA representa
tives.
Despite Antioch's withdrawal,
the distribution of NSA pamph
lets and attendance at NSA semi
nars will still be permitted. The
Community Council, in ending its
long relationship with the NSA,
noted that there would still be an
abundant number of student or
ganizations to represent the st u
j dent's social and political views
without the NSA.
Student apathy toward the Na
tional Student Association at An
tioch College has resulted in the
dissolution of Antioch's NSA
chapter.
Although the Antioeh College
Community Council expressed the
conviction that NSA is a worth
while organization. it made the de
cision lor dissolution when there
was an insufficient number of
candidates for the local NSA
board.
Opposition was first raised by
the Antioeh Student Body toward
the compulsory membership of
students in the organization. Last
May, the Community Council re
quested that NSA membership at
Antioeh be permitted on an in
dividual, voluntary basis. The re
quest was refused by the NSA
convention.
Antioeh College was the 112 i rst
college in the country to found a
chapter of the NSA. Student in
terest in the organization ebbed
in the fifties, but was rekindled
by a referendum in 1962. Last
year, however, the Antioeh Chap
ter failed to attract a quorum at
its mass meeting in which individ
ual students make their views
known to their NSA representa
tives.
Despite Antioch's withdrawal,
the distribution of NSA pamph
lets and attendance at NSA semi
nars will still be permitted. The
Community Council, in ending its
long relationship with the NSA,
noted that there would still be an
abundant number of student or
ganizations to represent the st u
j dent's social and political views
without the NSA.
Student apathy toward the Na
tional Student Association at An
tioch College has resulted in the
dissolution of Antioch's NSA
chapter.
Although the Antioeh College
Community Council expressed the
conviction that NSA is a worth
while organization. it made the de
cision lor dissolution when there
was an insufficient number of
candidates for the local NSA
board.
Opposition was first raised by
the Antioeh Student Body toward
the compulsory membership of
students in the organization. Last
May, the Community Council re
quested that NSA membership at
Antioeh be permitted on an in
dividual, voluntary basis. The re
quest was refused by the NSA
convention.
Antioeh College was the 112 i rst
college in the country to found a
chapter of the NSA. Student in
terest in the organization ebbed
in the fifties, but was rekindled
by a referendum in 1962. Last
year, however, the Antioeh Chap
ter failed to attract a quorum at
its mass meeting in which individ
ual students make their views
known to their NSA representa
tives.
Despite Antioch's withdrawal,
the distribution of NSA pamph
lets and attendance at NSA semi
nars will still be permitted. The
Community Council, in ending its
long relationship with the NSA,
noted that there would still be an
abundant number of student or
ganizations to represent the st u
j dent's social and political views
without the NSA.
Student apathy toward the Na
tional Student Association at An
tioch College has resulted in the
dissolution of Antioch's NSA
chapter.
Although the Antioeh College
Community Council expressed the
conviction that NSA is a worth
while organization. it made the de
cision lor dissolution when there
was an insufficient number of
candidates for the local NSA
board.
Opposition was first raised by
the Antioeh Student Body toward
the compulsory membership of
students in the organization. Last
May, the Community Council re
quested that NSA membership at
Antioeh be permitted on an in
dividual, voluntary basis. The re
quest was refused by the NSA
convention.
Antioeh College was the 112 i rst
college in the country to found a
chapter of the NSA. Student in
terest in the organization ebbed
in the fifties, but was rekindled
by a referendum in 1962. Last
year, however, the Antioeh Chap
ter failed to attract a quorum at
its mass meeting in which individ
ual students make their views
known to their NSA representa
tives.
Despite Antioch's withdrawal,
the distribution of NSA pamph
lets and attendance at NSA semi
nars will still be permitted. The
Community Council, in ending its
long relationship with the NSA,
noted that there would still be an
abundant number of student or
ganizations to represent the st u
j dent's social and political views
without the NSA.
Student apathy toward the Na
tional Student Association at An
tioch College has resulted in the
dissolution of Antioch's NSA
chapter.
Although the Antioeh College
Community Council expressed the
conviction that NSA is a worth
while organization. it made the de
cision lor dissolution when there
was an insufficient number of
candidates for the local NSA
board.
Opposition was first raised by
the Antioeh Student Body toward
the compulsory membership of
students in the organization. Last
May, the Community Council re
quested that NSA membership at
Antioeh be permitted on an in
dividual, voluntary basis. The re
quest was refused by the NSA
convention.
Antioeh College was the 112 i rst
college in the country to found a
chapter of the NSA. Student in
terest in the organization ebbed
in the fifties, but was rekindled
by a referendum in 1962. Last
year, however, the Antioeh Chap
ter failed to attract a quorum at
its mass meeting in which individ
ual students make their views
known to their NSA representa
tives.
Despite Antioch's withdrawal,
the distribution of NSA pamph
lets and attendance at NSA semi
nars will still be permitted. The
Community Council, in ending its
long relationship with the NSA,
noted that there would still be an
abundant number of student or
ganizations to represent the st u
j dent's social and political views
without the NSA.
Student apathy toward the Na
tional Student Association at An
tioch College has resulted in the
dissolution of Antioch's NSA
chapter.
Although the Antioeh College
Community Council expressed the
conviction that NSA is a worth
while organization. it made the de
cision lor dissolution when there
was an insufficient number of
candidates for the local NSA
board.
Opposition was first raised by
the Antioeh Student Body toward
the compulsory membership of
students in the organization. Last
May, the Community Council re
quested that NSA membership at
Antioeh be permitted on an in
dividual, voluntary basis. The re
quest was refused by the NSA
convention.
Antioeh College was the 112 i rst
college in the country to found a
chapter of the NSA. Student in
terest in the organization ebbed
in the fifties, but was rekindled
by a referendum in 1962. Last
year, however, the Antioeh Chap
ter failed to attract a quorum at
its mass meeting in which individ
ual students make their views
known to their NSA representa
tives.
Despite Antioch's withdrawal,
the distribution of NSA pamph
lets and attendance at NSA semi
nars will still be permitted. The
Community Council, in ending its
long relationship with the NSA,
noted that there would still be an
abundant number of student or
ganizations to represent the st u
j dent's social and political views
without the NSA.
Student apathy toward the Na
tional Student Association at An
tioch College has resulted in the
dissolution of Antioch's NSA
chapter.
Although the Antioeh College
Community Council expressed the
conviction that NSA is a worth
while organization. it made the de
cision lor dissolution when there
was an insufficient number of
candidates for the local NSA
board.
Opposition was first raised by
the Antioeh Student Body toward
the compulsory membership of
students in the organization. Last
May, the Community Council re
quested that NSA membership at
Antioeh be permitted on an in
dividual, voluntary basis. The re
quest was refused by the NSA
convention.
Antioeh College was the 112 i rst
college in the country to found a
chapter of the NSA. Student in
terest in the organization ebbed
in the fifties, but was rekindled
by a referendum in 1962. Last
year, however, the Antioeh Chap
ter failed to attract a quorum at
its mass meeting in which individ
ual students make their views
known to their NSA representa
tives.
Despite Antioch's withdrawal,
the distribution of NSA pamph
lets and attendance at NSA semi
nars will still be permitted. The
Community Council, in ending its
long relationship with the NSA,
noted that there would still be an
abundant number of student or
ganizations to represent the st u
j dent's social and political views
without the NSA.
Student apathy toward the Na
tional Student Association at An
tioch College has resulted in the
dissolution of Antioch's NSA
chapter.
Although the Antioeh College
Community Council expressed the
conviction that NSA is a worth
while organization. it made the de
cision lor dissolution when there
was an insufficient number of
candidates for the local NSA
board.
Opposition was first raised by
the Antioeh Student Body toward
the compulsory membership of
students in the organization. Last
May, the Community Council re
quested that NSA membership at
Antioeh be permitted on an in
dividual, voluntary basis. The re
quest was refused by the NSA
convention.
Antioeh College was the 112 i rst
college in the country to found a
chapter of the NSA. Student in
terest in the organization ebbed
in the fifties, but was rekindled
by a referendum in 1962. Last
year, however, the Antioeh Chap
ter failed to attract a quorum at
its mass meeting in which individ
ual students make their views
known to their NSA representa
tives.
Despite Antioch's withdrawal,
the distribution of NSA pamph
lets and attendance at NSA semi
nars will still be permitted. The
Community Council, in ending its
long relationship with the NSA,
noted that there would still be an
abundant number of student or
ganizations to represent the st u
j dent's social and political views
without the NSA.
Student apathy toward the Na
tional Student Association at An
tioch College has resulted in the
dissolution of Antioch's NSA
chapter.
Although the Antioeh College
Community Council expressed the
conviction that NSA is a worth
while organization. it made the de
cision lor dissolution when there
was an insufficient number of
candidates for the local NSA
board.
Opposition was first raised by
the Antioeh Student Body toward
the compulsory membership of
students in the organization. Last
May, the Community Council re
quested that NSA membership at
Antioeh be permitted on an in
dividual, voluntary basis. The re
quest was refused by the NSA
convention.
Antioeh College was the 112 i rst
college in the country to found a
chapter of the NSA. Student in
terest in the organization ebbed
in the fifties, but was rekindled
by a referendum in 1962. Last
year, however, the Antioeh Chap
ter failed to attract a quorum at
its mass meeting in which individ
ual students make their views
known to their NSA representa
tives.
Despite Antioch's withdrawal,
the distribution of NSA pamph
lets and attendance at NSA semi
nars will still be permitted. The
Community Council, in ending its
long relationship with the NSA,
noted that there would still be an
abundant number of student or
ganizations to represent the st u
j dent's social and political views
without the NSA.
