# Tournament Postponed.
## 
### 
Owing to the heavy rains, tlie
tennis tournament announced for
tomorrow has been postponed until
next week.
Owing to the heavy rains, tlie
tennis tournament announced for
tomorrow has been postponed until
next week.
Owing to the heavy rains, tlie
tennis tournament announced for
tomorrow has been postponed until
next week.
Owing to the heavy rains, tlie
tennis tournament announced for
tomorrow has been postponed until
next week.
Owing to the heavy rains, tlie
tennis tournament announced for
tomorrow has been postponed until
next week.
Owing to the heavy rains, tlie
tennis tournament announced for
tomorrow has been postponed until
next week.
Owing to the heavy rains, tlie
tennis tournament announced for
tomorrow has been postponed until
next week.
Owing to the heavy rains, tlie
tennis tournament announced for
tomorrow has been postponed until
next week.
