# PROVISION EXPLAINED.
## No Intention to Prevent Men from Entering All Athletics for Four Years. 
### 
There is no intention to alter the
four-year feature of the Intercolle
giate Athletic Agreement, as was
erroneously deduced last evening
hy ihe writer of the article on pro
posed changes. Under the arrange
ment that went into effect last sum
mer, a man may not participate in
any intercollegiate event after he
has been for four seasons a member
of some varsity team. For in
stance, one who has played on the
football eleven for four seasons
would be ineligible to a place on
the baseball team the following
collegiate year, even if he had not
played baseball four seasons. In
other words, an athlete may make
sweaters in football, baseball, and
track during each of four years, but
after that he is disqualified for fur
ther competition. Formerly, a
football player who had been on
the varsity.in his freshman, sopho
more, junior, and senior years, and
had played baseball during only
three of these, might make a base
ball sweater the fifth year. This
agreement, however, is now in
force, and the only new feature
proposed is the the one-year resi
dence rule. An explanation of
these provisions and also of the
status of the proposal for changing
the place of the field-day, is given
by one of the Stanford members of
the Intercollegiate Committee, who
in discussing the subject said
today:
''The U. 0. members of the com
mittee have been advised that
Stanford will bring up for discus
sion the place of the field-day this
spring. This was in response to a
request by Treasurer Edwards, and
indicates nothing more than that
he is considering the possibility of
an arrangement financially more
advantageous than the present one.
Tanforan enters into this consider
ation only as a possibility. A res
olution may be passed permitting
Managers DeCoto and Edwards to
arrange for the holding of the
field-day where they wish. If they
are restricted to the consideration
of any one track, it will certainly
be Stanford oval; nor will any
consideration of the Berkeley oval
be permitted under any circum
stances.
"There seems to be a misunder
standing of the proposed change
regarding the participation of an
athlete in intercollegiate contests.
Before this year, a man might en
gage for four years in each branch
of athletics. Last year this was so
modified as to permit participation
during four years, irrespective of
the branch or branches of sport
engaged in by that individual dur
ing those years This modification,
passed last January, went into ef
fect. this summer. It is not pro
posed to change this rule in any
way. What has been proposed, is
to adopt rules restricting the par
ticipation df athletes coming from
other colleges.
"This will he done, if at all, by
the adoption of the rule, prevailing
in the East, that a man may .par
' ticipate in intercollegiate contests

for hut four years, irrespective of
the college he represents during
these years; and by the further re
quirement of one year's resident
study before participation in ath
letics, by any one coming from any
university of standing. The diffi
culty will be in the understanding
of the phrase, 'university of stand
ing.' "
There is no intention to alter the
four-year feature of the Intercolle
giate Athletic Agreement, as was
erroneously deduced last evening
hy ihe writer of the article on pro
posed changes. Under the arrange
ment that went into effect last sum
mer, a man may not participate in
any intercollegiate event after he
has been for four seasons a member
of some varsity team. For in
stance, one who has played on the
football eleven for four seasons
would be ineligible to a place on
the baseball team the following
collegiate year, even if he had not
played baseball four seasons. In
other words, an athlete may make
sweaters in football, baseball, and
track during each of four years, but
after that he is disqualified for fur
ther competition. Formerly, a
football player who had been on
the varsity.in his freshman, sopho
more, junior, and senior years, and
had played baseball during only
three of these, might make a base
ball sweater the fifth year. This
agreement, however, is now in
force, and the only new feature
proposed is the the one-year resi
dence rule. An explanation of
these provisions and also of the
status of the proposal for changing
the place of the field-day, is given
by one of the Stanford members of
the Intercollegiate Committee, who
in discussing the subject said
today:
''The U. 0. members of the com
mittee have been advised that
Stanford will bring up for discus
sion the place of the field-day this
spring. This was in response to a
request by Treasurer Edwards, and
indicates nothing more than that
he is considering the possibility of
an arrangement financially more
advantageous than the present one.
Tanforan enters into this consider
ation only as a possibility. A res
olution may be passed permitting
Managers DeCoto and Edwards to
arrange for the holding of the
field-day where they wish. If they
are restricted to the consideration
of any one track, it will certainly
be Stanford oval; nor will any
consideration of the Berkeley oval
be permitted under any circum
stances.
"There seems to be a misunder
standing of the proposed change
regarding the participation of an
athlete in intercollegiate contests.
Before this year, a man might en
gage for four years in each branch
of athletics. Last year this was so
modified as to permit participation
during four years, irrespective of
the branch or branches of sport
engaged in by that individual dur
ing those years This modification,
passed last January, went into ef
fect. this summer. It is not pro
posed to change this rule in any
way. What has been proposed, is
to adopt rules restricting the par
ticipation df athletes coming from
other colleges.
"This will he done, if at all, by
the adoption of the rule, prevailing
in the East, that a man may .par
' ticipate in intercollegiate contests

for hut four years, irrespective of
the college he represents during
these years; and by the further re
quirement of one year's resident
study before participation in ath
letics, by any one coming from any
university of standing. The diffi
culty will be in the understanding
of the phrase, 'university of stand
ing.' "
There is no intention to alter the
four-year feature of the Intercolle
giate Athletic Agreement, as was
erroneously deduced last evening
hy ihe writer of the article on pro
posed changes. Under the arrange
ment that went into effect last sum
mer, a man may not participate in
any intercollegiate event after he
has been for four seasons a member
of some varsity team. For in
stance, one who has played on the
football eleven for four seasons
would be ineligible to a place on
the baseball team the following
collegiate year, even if he had not
played baseball four seasons. In
other words, an athlete may make
sweaters in football, baseball, and
track during each of four years, but
after that he is disqualified for fur
ther competition. Formerly, a
football player who had been on
the varsity.in his freshman, sopho
more, junior, and senior years, and
had played baseball during only
three of these, might make a base
ball sweater the fifth year. This
agreement, however, is now in
force, and the only new feature
proposed is the the one-year resi
dence rule. An explanation of
these provisions and also of the
status of the proposal for changing
the place of the field-day, is given
by one of the Stanford members of
the Intercollegiate Committee, who
in discussing the subject said
today:
''The U. 0. members of the com
mittee have been advised that
Stanford will bring up for discus
sion the place of the field-day this
spring. This was in response to a
request by Treasurer Edwards, and
indicates nothing more than that
he is considering the possibility of
an arrangement financially more
advantageous than the present one.
Tanforan enters into this consider
ation only as a possibility. A res
olution may be passed permitting
Managers DeCoto and Edwards to
arrange for the holding of the
field-day where they wish. If they
are restricted to the consideration
of any one track, it will certainly
be Stanford oval; nor will any
consideration of the Berkeley oval
be permitted under any circum
stances.
"There seems to be a misunder
standing of the proposed change
regarding the participation of an
athlete in intercollegiate contests.
Before this year, a man might en
gage for four years in each branch
of athletics. Last year this was so
modified as to permit participation
during four years, irrespective of
the branch or branches of sport
engaged in by that individual dur
ing those years This modification,
passed last January, went into ef
fect. this summer. It is not pro
posed to change this rule in any
way. What has been proposed, is
to adopt rules restricting the par
ticipation df athletes coming from
other colleges.
"This will he done, if at all, by
the adoption of the rule, prevailing
in the East, that a man may .par
' ticipate in intercollegiate contests

for hut four years, irrespective of
the college he represents during
these years; and by the further re
quirement of one year's resident
study before participation in ath
letics, by any one coming from any
university of standing. The diffi
culty will be in the understanding
of the phrase, 'university of stand
ing.' "
There is no intention to alter the
four-year feature of the Intercolle
giate Athletic Agreement, as was
erroneously deduced last evening
hy ihe writer of the article on pro
posed changes. Under the arrange
ment that went into effect last sum
mer, a man may not participate in
any intercollegiate event after he
has been for four seasons a member
of some varsity team. For in
stance, one who has played on the
football eleven for four seasons
would be ineligible to a place on
the baseball team the following
collegiate year, even if he had not
played baseball four seasons. In
other words, an athlete may make
sweaters in football, baseball, and
track during each of four years, but
after that he is disqualified for fur
ther competition. Formerly, a
football player who had been on
the varsity.in his freshman, sopho
more, junior, and senior years, and
had played baseball during only
three of these, might make a base
ball sweater the fifth year. This
agreement, however, is now in
force, and the only new feature
proposed is the the one-year resi
dence rule. An explanation of
these provisions and also of the
status of the proposal for changing
the place of the field-day, is given
by one of the Stanford members of
the Intercollegiate Committee, who
in discussing the subject said
today:
''The U. 0. members of the com
mittee have been advised that
Stanford will bring up for discus
sion the place of the field-day this
spring. This was in response to a
request by Treasurer Edwards, and
indicates nothing more than that
he is considering the possibility of
an arrangement financially more
advantageous than the present one.
Tanforan enters into this consider
ation only as a possibility. A res
olution may be passed permitting
Managers DeCoto and Edwards to
arrange for the holding of the
field-day where they wish. If they
are restricted to the consideration
of any one track, it will certainly
be Stanford oval; nor will any
consideration of the Berkeley oval
be permitted under any circum
stances.
"There seems to be a misunder
standing of the proposed change
regarding the participation of an
athlete in intercollegiate contests.
Before this year, a man might en
gage for four years in each branch
of athletics. Last year this was so
modified as to permit participation
during four years, irrespective of
the branch or branches of sport
engaged in by that individual dur
ing those years This modification,
passed last January, went into ef
fect. this summer. It is not pro
posed to change this rule in any
way. What has been proposed, is
to adopt rules restricting the par
ticipation df athletes coming from
other colleges.
"This will he done, if at all, by
the adoption of the rule, prevailing
in the East, that a man may .par
' ticipate in intercollegiate contests

for hut four years, irrespective of
the college he represents during
these years; and by the further re
quirement of one year's resident
study before participation in ath
letics, by any one coming from any
university of standing. The diffi
culty will be in the understanding
of the phrase, 'university of stand
ing.' "
There is no intention to alter the
four-year feature of the Intercolle
giate Athletic Agreement, as was
erroneously deduced last evening
hy ihe writer of the article on pro
posed changes. Under the arrange
ment that went into effect last sum
mer, a man may not participate in
any intercollegiate event after he
has been for four seasons a member
of some varsity team. For in
stance, one who has played on the
football eleven for four seasons
would be ineligible to a place on
the baseball team the following
collegiate year, even if he had not
played baseball four seasons. In
other words, an athlete may make
sweaters in football, baseball, and
track during each of four years, but
after that he is disqualified for fur
ther competition. Formerly, a
football player who had been on
the varsity.in his freshman, sopho
more, junior, and senior years, and
had played baseball during only
three of these, might make a base
ball sweater the fifth year. This
agreement, however, is now in
force, and the only new feature
proposed is the the one-year resi
dence rule. An explanation of
these provisions and also of the
status of the proposal for changing
the place of the field-day, is given
by one of the Stanford members of
the Intercollegiate Committee, who
in discussing the subject said
today:
''The U. 0. members of the com
mittee have been advised that
Stanford will bring up for discus
sion the place of the field-day this
spring. This was in response to a
request by Treasurer Edwards, and
indicates nothing more than that
he is considering the possibility of
an arrangement financially more
advantageous than the present one.
Tanforan enters into this consider
ation only as a possibility. A res
olution may be passed permitting
Managers DeCoto and Edwards to
arrange for the holding of the
field-day where they wish. If they
are restricted to the consideration
of any one track, it will certainly
be Stanford oval; nor will any
consideration of the Berkeley oval
be permitted under any circum
stances.
"There seems to be a misunder
standing of the proposed change
regarding the participation of an
athlete in intercollegiate contests.
Before this year, a man might en
gage for four years in each branch
of athletics. Last year this was so
modified as to permit participation
during four years, irrespective of
the branch or branches of sport
engaged in by that individual dur
ing those years This modification,
passed last January, went into ef
fect. this summer. It is not pro
posed to change this rule in any
way. What has been proposed, is
to adopt rules restricting the par
ticipation df athletes coming from
other colleges.
"This will he done, if at all, by
the adoption of the rule, prevailing
in the East, that a man may .par
' ticipate in intercollegiate contests

for hut four years, irrespective of
the college he represents during
these years; and by the further re
quirement of one year's resident
study before participation in ath
letics, by any one coming from any
university of standing. The diffi
culty will be in the understanding
of the phrase, 'university of stand
ing.' "
There is no intention to alter the
four-year feature of the Intercolle
giate Athletic Agreement, as was
erroneously deduced last evening
hy ihe writer of the article on pro
posed changes. Under the arrange
ment that went into effect last sum
mer, a man may not participate in
any intercollegiate event after he
has been for four seasons a member
of some varsity team. For in
stance, one who has played on the
football eleven for four seasons
would be ineligible to a place on
the baseball team the following
collegiate year, even if he had not
played baseball four seasons. In
other words, an athlete may make
sweaters in football, baseball, and
track during each of four years, but
after that he is disqualified for fur
ther competition. Formerly, a
football player who had been on
the varsity.in his freshman, sopho
more, junior, and senior years, and
had played baseball during only
three of these, might make a base
ball sweater the fifth year. This
agreement, however, is now in
force, and the only new feature
proposed is the the one-year resi
dence rule. An explanation of
these provisions and also of the
status of the proposal for changing
the place of the field-day, is given
by one of the Stanford members of
the Intercollegiate Committee, who
in discussing the subject said
today:
''The U. 0. members of the com
mittee have been advised that
Stanford will bring up for discus
sion the place of the field-day this
spring. This was in response to a
request by Treasurer Edwards, and
indicates nothing more than that
he is considering the possibility of
an arrangement financially more
advantageous than the present one.
Tanforan enters into this consider
ation only as a possibility. A res
olution may be passed permitting
Managers DeCoto and Edwards to
arrange for the holding of the
field-day where they wish. If they
are restricted to the consideration
of any one track, it will certainly
be Stanford oval; nor will any
consideration of the Berkeley oval
be permitted under any circum
stances.
"There seems to be a misunder
standing of the proposed change
regarding the participation of an
athlete in intercollegiate contests.
Before this year, a man might en
gage for four years in each branch
of athletics. Last year this was so
modified as to permit participation
during four years, irrespective of
the branch or branches of sport
engaged in by that individual dur
ing those years This modification,
passed last January, went into ef
fect. this summer. It is not pro
posed to change this rule in any
way. What has been proposed, is
to adopt rules restricting the par
ticipation df athletes coming from
other colleges.
"This will he done, if at all, by
the adoption of the rule, prevailing
in the East, that a man may .par
' ticipate in intercollegiate contests

for hut four years, irrespective of
the college he represents during
these years; and by the further re
quirement of one year's resident
study before participation in ath
letics, by any one coming from any
university of standing. The diffi
culty will be in the understanding
of the phrase, 'university of stand
ing.' "
There is no intention to alter the
four-year feature of the Intercolle
giate Athletic Agreement, as was
erroneously deduced last evening
hy ihe writer of the article on pro
posed changes. Under the arrange
ment that went into effect last sum
mer, a man may not participate in
any intercollegiate event after he
has been for four seasons a member
of some varsity team. For in
stance, one who has played on the
football eleven for four seasons
would be ineligible to a place on
the baseball team the following
collegiate year, even if he had not
played baseball four seasons. In
other words, an athlete may make
sweaters in football, baseball, and
track during each of four years, but
after that he is disqualified for fur
ther competition. Formerly, a
football player who had been on
the varsity.in his freshman, sopho
more, junior, and senior years, and
had played baseball during only
three of these, might make a base
ball sweater the fifth year. This
agreement, however, is now in
force, and the only new feature
proposed is the the one-year resi
dence rule. An explanation of
these provisions and also of the
status of the proposal for changing
the place of the field-day, is given
by one of the Stanford members of
the Intercollegiate Committee, who
in discussing the subject said
today:
''The U. 0. members of the com
mittee have been advised that
Stanford will bring up for discus
sion the place of the field-day this
spring. This was in response to a
request by Treasurer Edwards, and
indicates nothing more than that
he is considering the possibility of
an arrangement financially more
advantageous than the present one.
Tanforan enters into this consider
ation only as a possibility. A res
olution may be passed permitting
Managers DeCoto and Edwards to
arrange for the holding of the
field-day where they wish. If they
are restricted to the consideration
of any one track, it will certainly
be Stanford oval; nor will any
consideration of the Berkeley oval
be permitted under any circum
stances.
"There seems to be a misunder
standing of the proposed change
regarding the participation of an
athlete in intercollegiate contests.
Before this year, a man might en
gage for four years in each branch
of athletics. Last year this was so
modified as to permit participation
during four years, irrespective of
the branch or branches of sport
engaged in by that individual dur
ing those years This modification,
passed last January, went into ef
fect. this summer. It is not pro
posed to change this rule in any
way. What has been proposed, is
to adopt rules restricting the par
ticipation df athletes coming from
other colleges.
"This will he done, if at all, by
the adoption of the rule, prevailing
in the East, that a man may .par
' ticipate in intercollegiate contests

for hut four years, irrespective of
the college he represents during
these years; and by the further re
quirement of one year's resident
study before participation in ath
letics, by any one coming from any
university of standing. The diffi
culty will be in the understanding
of the phrase, 'university of stand
ing.' "
There is no intention to alter the
four-year feature of the Intercolle
giate Athletic Agreement, as was
erroneously deduced last evening
hy ihe writer of the article on pro
posed changes. Under the arrange
ment that went into effect last sum
mer, a man may not participate in
any intercollegiate event after he
has been for four seasons a member
of some varsity team. For in
stance, one who has played on the
football eleven for four seasons
would be ineligible to a place on
the baseball team the following
collegiate year, even if he had not
played baseball four seasons. In
other words, an athlete may make
sweaters in football, baseball, and
track during each of four years, but
after that he is disqualified for fur
ther competition. Formerly, a
football player who had been on
the varsity.in his freshman, sopho
more, junior, and senior years, and
had played baseball during only
three of these, might make a base
ball sweater the fifth year. This
agreement, however, is now in
force, and the only new feature
proposed is the the one-year resi
dence rule. An explanation of
these provisions and also of the
status of the proposal for changing
the place of the field-day, is given
by one of the Stanford members of
the Intercollegiate Committee, who
in discussing the subject said
today:
''The U. 0. members of the com
mittee have been advised that
Stanford will bring up for discus
sion the place of the field-day this
spring. This was in response to a
request by Treasurer Edwards, and
indicates nothing more than that
he is considering the possibility of
an arrangement financially more
advantageous than the present one.
Tanforan enters into this consider
ation only as a possibility. A res
olution may be passed permitting
Managers DeCoto and Edwards to
arrange for the holding of the
field-day where they wish. If they
are restricted to the consideration
of any one track, it will certainly
be Stanford oval; nor will any
consideration of the Berkeley oval
be permitted under any circum
stances.
"There seems to be a misunder
standing of the proposed change
regarding the participation of an
athlete in intercollegiate contests.
Before this year, a man might en
gage for four years in each branch
of athletics. Last year this was so
modified as to permit participation
during four years, irrespective of
the branch or branches of sport
engaged in by that individual dur
ing those years This modification,
passed last January, went into ef
fect. this summer. It is not pro
posed to change this rule in any
way. What has been proposed, is
to adopt rules restricting the par
ticipation df athletes coming from
other colleges.
"This will he done, if at all, by
the adoption of the rule, prevailing
in the East, that a man may .par
' ticipate in intercollegiate contests

for hut four years, irrespective of
the college he represents during
these years; and by the further re
quirement of one year's resident
study before participation in ath
letics, by any one coming from any
university of standing. The diffi
culty will be in the understanding
of the phrase, 'university of stand
ing.' "
