# FIRST GAME.
## Unless Prevented by Rain, Varsity Will Go to Santa Clara Tomorrow. 
### 
Unless rain interferes, the Var
sity baseball team will go to Santa
Clara tomorrow to play the first
real game of the early season.
Santa Clara College will cross bats
with the Cardinals, and as the
collegians from down the line are
in fighting trim, a clean, fast con
test is looked for. The game will
be played on the Santa Clara Col
lege diamond, and will probably be
called at three o'clock. This will
be Stanford's line-up: McGilvray,
c; Parker, Tritch, McFarland, p;
Lowenthal, lb; Cowden, 2b; Brown,
3b; Crawford, ss; Kell}', If; Copp,
W. W., cf; Knight, rf; Blake, sub.
Unless rain interferes, the Var
sity baseball team will go to Santa
Clara tomorrow to play the first
real game of the early season.
Santa Clara College will cross bats
with the Cardinals, and as the
collegians from down the line are
in fighting trim, a clean, fast con
test is looked for. The game will
be played on the Santa Clara Col
lege diamond, and will probably be
called at three o'clock. This will
be Stanford's line-up: McGilvray,
c; Parker, Tritch, McFarland, p;
Lowenthal, lb; Cowden, 2b; Brown,
3b; Crawford, ss; Kell}', If; Copp,
W. W., cf; Knight, rf; Blake, sub.
Unless rain interferes, the Var
sity baseball team will go to Santa
Clara tomorrow to play the first
real game of the early season.
Santa Clara College will cross bats
with the Cardinals, and as the
collegians from down the line are
in fighting trim, a clean, fast con
test is looked for. The game will
be played on the Santa Clara Col
lege diamond, and will probably be
called at three o'clock. This will
be Stanford's line-up: McGilvray,
c; Parker, Tritch, McFarland, p;
Lowenthal, lb; Cowden, 2b; Brown,
3b; Crawford, ss; Kell}', If; Copp,
W. W., cf; Knight, rf; Blake, sub.
Unless rain interferes, the Var
sity baseball team will go to Santa
Clara tomorrow to play the first
real game of the early season.
Santa Clara College will cross bats
with the Cardinals, and as the
collegians from down the line are
in fighting trim, a clean, fast con
test is looked for. The game will
be played on the Santa Clara Col
lege diamond, and will probably be
called at three o'clock. This will
be Stanford's line-up: McGilvray,
c; Parker, Tritch, McFarland, p;
Lowenthal, lb; Cowden, 2b; Brown,
3b; Crawford, ss; Kell}', If; Copp,
W. W., cf; Knight, rf; Blake, sub.
Unless rain interferes, the Var
sity baseball team will go to Santa
Clara tomorrow to play the first
real game of the early season.
Santa Clara College will cross bats
with the Cardinals, and as the
collegians from down the line are
in fighting trim, a clean, fast con
test is looked for. The game will
be played on the Santa Clara Col
lege diamond, and will probably be
called at three o'clock. This will
be Stanford's line-up: McGilvray,
c; Parker, Tritch, McFarland, p;
Lowenthal, lb; Cowden, 2b; Brown,
3b; Crawford, ss; Kell}', If; Copp,
W. W., cf; Knight, rf; Blake, sub.
Unless rain interferes, the Var
sity baseball team will go to Santa
Clara tomorrow to play the first
real game of the early season.
Santa Clara College will cross bats
with the Cardinals, and as the
collegians from down the line are
in fighting trim, a clean, fast con
test is looked for. The game will
be played on the Santa Clara Col
lege diamond, and will probably be
called at three o'clock. This will
be Stanford's line-up: McGilvray,
c; Parker, Tritch, McFarland, p;
Lowenthal, lb; Cowden, 2b; Brown,
3b; Crawford, ss; Kell}', If; Copp,
W. W., cf; Knight, rf; Blake, sub.
Unless rain interferes, the Var
sity baseball team will go to Santa
Clara tomorrow to play the first
real game of the early season.
Santa Clara College will cross bats
with the Cardinals, and as the
collegians from down the line are
in fighting trim, a clean, fast con
test is looked for. The game will
be played on the Santa Clara Col
lege diamond, and will probably be
called at three o'clock. This will
be Stanford's line-up: McGilvray,
c; Parker, Tritch, McFarland, p;
Lowenthal, lb; Cowden, 2b; Brown,
3b; Crawford, ss; Kell}', If; Copp,
W. W., cf; Knight, rf; Blake, sub.
Unless rain interferes, the Var
sity baseball team will go to Santa
Clara tomorrow to play the first
real game of the early season.
Santa Clara College will cross bats
with the Cardinals, and as the
collegians from down the line are
in fighting trim, a clean, fast con
test is looked for. The game will
be played on the Santa Clara Col
lege diamond, and will probably be
called at three o'clock. This will
be Stanford's line-up: McGilvray,
c; Parker, Tritch, McFarland, p;
Lowenthal, lb; Cowden, 2b; Brown,
3b; Crawford, ss; Kell}', If; Copp,
W. W., cf; Knight, rf; Blake, sub.
