# Oakland Clergyman Preaches.
## 
### 
Reverend C. R. Brown, of Oakland,
preached Sunday in the chapel. The
subject of his sermon was taken from
Paul's life. Owing to the inclemency
of the weather the services were not
held out of doors as had originally
been planned.
Reverend C. R. Brown, of Oakland,
preached Sunday in the chapel. The
subject of his sermon was taken from
Paul's life. Owing to the inclemency
of the weather the services were not
held out of doors as had originally
been planned.
Reverend C. R. Brown, of Oakland,
preached Sunday in the chapel. The
subject of his sermon was taken from
Paul's life. Owing to the inclemency
of the weather the services were not
held out of doors as had originally
been planned.
Reverend C. R. Brown, of Oakland,
preached Sunday in the chapel. The
subject of his sermon was taken from
Paul's life. Owing to the inclemency
of the weather the services were not
held out of doors as had originally
been planned.
Reverend C. R. Brown, of Oakland,
preached Sunday in the chapel. The
subject of his sermon was taken from
Paul's life. Owing to the inclemency
of the weather the services were not
held out of doors as had originally
been planned.
Reverend C. R. Brown, of Oakland,
preached Sunday in the chapel. The
subject of his sermon was taken from
Paul's life. Owing to the inclemency
of the weather the services were not
held out of doors as had originally
been planned.
Reverend C. R. Brown, of Oakland,
preached Sunday in the chapel. The
subject of his sermon was taken from
Paul's life. Owing to the inclemency
of the weather the services were not
held out of doors as had originally
been planned.
Reverend C. R. Brown, of Oakland,
preached Sunday in the chapel. The
subject of his sermon was taken from
Paul's life. Owing to the inclemency
of the weather the services were not
held out of doors as had originally
been planned.
Reverend C. R. Brown, of Oakland,
preached Sunday in the chapel. The
subject of his sermon was taken from
Paul's life. Owing to the inclemency
of the weather the services were not
held out of doors as had originally
been planned.
