# Adv. 22 Page 4
## 
### 
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it 1
scrviccd by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
at
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it 1
scrviccd by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
at
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it 1
scrviccd by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
at
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it 1
scrviccd by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
at
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it 1
scrviccd by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
at
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it 1
scrviccd by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
at
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it 1
scrviccd by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
at
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it 1
scrviccd by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
at
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it 1
scrviccd by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
at
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it 1
scrviccd by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
at
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it 1
scrviccd by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
at
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it 1
scrviccd by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
at
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it 1
scrviccd by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
at
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it 1
scrviccd by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
at
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
