# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Mr. and Mrs. Frederick Horne of
Carmel Valley announce the en
gagement of their daughter, Bar
bara Lee Horne, UCLA '55, to Wil
liam H. Albee, Jr., Stanford '54.
Mr. and Mrs. Frederick Horne of
Carmel Valley announce the en
gagement of their daughter, Bar
bara Lee Horne, UCLA '55, to Wil
liam H. Albee, Jr., Stanford '54.
Mr. and Mrs. Frederick Horne of
Carmel Valley announce the en
gagement of their daughter, Bar
bara Lee Horne, UCLA '55, to Wil
liam H. Albee, Jr., Stanford '54.
Mr. and Mrs. Frederick Horne of
Carmel Valley announce the en
gagement of their daughter, Bar
bara Lee Horne, UCLA '55, to Wil
liam H. Albee, Jr., Stanford '54.
Mr. and Mrs. Frederick Horne of
Carmel Valley announce the en
gagement of their daughter, Bar
bara Lee Horne, UCLA '55, to Wil
liam H. Albee, Jr., Stanford '54.
Mr. and Mrs. Frederick Horne of
Carmel Valley announce the en
gagement of their daughter, Bar
bara Lee Horne, UCLA '55, to Wil
liam H. Albee, Jr., Stanford '54.
Mr. and Mrs. Frederick Horne of
Carmel Valley announce the en
gagement of their daughter, Bar
bara Lee Horne, UCLA '55, to Wil
liam H. Albee, Jr., Stanford '54.
Mr. and Mrs. Frederick Horne of
Carmel Valley announce the en
gagement of their daughter, Bar
bara Lee Horne, UCLA '55, to Wil
liam H. Albee, Jr., Stanford '54.
Mr. and Mrs. Frederick Horne of
Carmel Valley announce the en
gagement of their daughter, Bar
bara Lee Horne, UCLA '55, to Wil
liam H. Albee, Jr., Stanford '54.
Mr. and Mrs. Frederick Horne of
Carmel Valley announce the en
gagement of their daughter, Bar
bara Lee Horne, UCLA '55, to Wil
liam H. Albee, Jr., Stanford '54.
Mr. and Mrs. Frederick Horne of
Carmel Valley announce the en
gagement of their daughter, Bar
bara Lee Horne, UCLA '55, to Wil
liam H. Albee, Jr., Stanford '54.
Mr. and Mrs. Frederick Horne of
Carmel Valley announce the en
gagement of their daughter, Bar
bara Lee Horne, UCLA '55, to Wil
liam H. Albee, Jr., Stanford '54.
Mr. and Mrs. Frederick Horne of
Carmel Valley announce the en
gagement of their daughter, Bar
bara Lee Horne, UCLA '55, to Wil
liam H. Albee, Jr., Stanford '54.
Mr. and Mrs. Frederick Horne of
Carmel Valley announce the en
gagement of their daughter, Bar
bara Lee Horne, UCLA '55, to Wil
liam H. Albee, Jr., Stanford '54.
