# REMELE ELECTIONS
## 
### 
Max Miller was elected president
of Remelc for winter quarter in
elections held Wednesday. Vice
president is Ernesto Peralta, and
treasurer, Gordon Lentzner. The
social committee consists of Herb
Schon, chairman, Howard Clark,
Dave Symons, and Joe Vento. The
athletic committee is Bob Ames,
chairman, Wolford Stahl, and Jack
Strom. Outgoing president is Bill
Boorn.
Max Miller was elected president
of Remelc for winter quarter in
elections held Wednesday. Vice
president is Ernesto Peralta, and
treasurer, Gordon Lentzner. The
social committee consists of Herb
Schon, chairman, Howard Clark,
Dave Symons, and Joe Vento. The
athletic committee is Bob Ames,
chairman, Wolford Stahl, and Jack
Strom. Outgoing president is Bill
Boorn.
Max Miller was elected president
of Remelc for winter quarter in
elections held Wednesday. Vice
president is Ernesto Peralta, and
treasurer, Gordon Lentzner. The
social committee consists of Herb
Schon, chairman, Howard Clark,
Dave Symons, and Joe Vento. The
athletic committee is Bob Ames,
chairman, Wolford Stahl, and Jack
Strom. Outgoing president is Bill
Boorn.
Max Miller was elected president
of Remelc for winter quarter in
elections held Wednesday. Vice
president is Ernesto Peralta, and
treasurer, Gordon Lentzner. The
social committee consists of Herb
Schon, chairman, Howard Clark,
Dave Symons, and Joe Vento. The
athletic committee is Bob Ames,
chairman, Wolford Stahl, and Jack
Strom. Outgoing president is Bill
Boorn.
Max Miller was elected president
of Remelc for winter quarter in
elections held Wednesday. Vice
president is Ernesto Peralta, and
treasurer, Gordon Lentzner. The
social committee consists of Herb
Schon, chairman, Howard Clark,
Dave Symons, and Joe Vento. The
athletic committee is Bob Ames,
chairman, Wolford Stahl, and Jack
Strom. Outgoing president is Bill
Boorn.
Max Miller was elected president
of Remelc for winter quarter in
elections held Wednesday. Vice
president is Ernesto Peralta, and
treasurer, Gordon Lentzner. The
social committee consists of Herb
Schon, chairman, Howard Clark,
Dave Symons, and Joe Vento. The
athletic committee is Bob Ames,
chairman, Wolford Stahl, and Jack
Strom. Outgoing president is Bill
Boorn.
Max Miller was elected president
of Remelc for winter quarter in
elections held Wednesday. Vice
president is Ernesto Peralta, and
treasurer, Gordon Lentzner. The
social committee consists of Herb
Schon, chairman, Howard Clark,
Dave Symons, and Joe Vento. The
athletic committee is Bob Ames,
chairman, Wolford Stahl, and Jack
Strom. Outgoing president is Bill
Boorn.
Max Miller was elected president
of Remelc for winter quarter in
elections held Wednesday. Vice
president is Ernesto Peralta, and
treasurer, Gordon Lentzner. The
social committee consists of Herb
Schon, chairman, Howard Clark,
Dave Symons, and Joe Vento. The
athletic committee is Bob Ames,
chairman, Wolford Stahl, and Jack
Strom. Outgoing president is Bill
Boorn.
Max Miller was elected president
of Remelc for winter quarter in
elections held Wednesday. Vice
president is Ernesto Peralta, and
treasurer, Gordon Lentzner. The
social committee consists of Herb
Schon, chairman, Howard Clark,
Dave Symons, and Joe Vento. The
athletic committee is Bob Ames,
chairman, Wolford Stahl, and Jack
Strom. Outgoing president is Bill
Boorn.
Max Miller was elected president
of Remelc for winter quarter in
elections held Wednesday. Vice
president is Ernesto Peralta, and
treasurer, Gordon Lentzner. The
social committee consists of Herb
Schon, chairman, Howard Clark,
Dave Symons, and Joe Vento. The
athletic committee is Bob Ames,
chairman, Wolford Stahl, and Jack
Strom. Outgoing president is Bill
Boorn.
Max Miller was elected president
of Remelc for winter quarter in
elections held Wednesday. Vice
president is Ernesto Peralta, and
treasurer, Gordon Lentzner. The
social committee consists of Herb
Schon, chairman, Howard Clark,
Dave Symons, and Joe Vento. The
athletic committee is Bob Ames,
chairman, Wolford Stahl, and Jack
Strom. Outgoing president is Bill
Boorn.
Max Miller was elected president
of Remelc for winter quarter in
elections held Wednesday. Vice
president is Ernesto Peralta, and
treasurer, Gordon Lentzner. The
social committee consists of Herb
Schon, chairman, Howard Clark,
Dave Symons, and Joe Vento. The
athletic committee is Bob Ames,
chairman, Wolford Stahl, and Jack
Strom. Outgoing president is Bill
Boorn.
Max Miller was elected president
of Remelc for winter quarter in
elections held Wednesday. Vice
president is Ernesto Peralta, and
treasurer, Gordon Lentzner. The
social committee consists of Herb
Schon, chairman, Howard Clark,
Dave Symons, and Joe Vento. The
athletic committee is Bob Ames,
chairman, Wolford Stahl, and Jack
Strom. Outgoing president is Bill
Boorn.
Max Miller was elected president
of Remelc for winter quarter in
elections held Wednesday. Vice
president is Ernesto Peralta, and
treasurer, Gordon Lentzner. The
social committee consists of Herb
Schon, chairman, Howard Clark,
Dave Symons, and Joe Vento. The
athletic committee is Bob Ames,
chairman, Wolford Stahl, and Jack
Strom. Outgoing president is Bill
Boorn.
