# Climber to Speak At Palo Alto High
## 
### 
Dee Molenaar, a member of the
American Alpine Club expedition
that, attempted to climb the Hima
layan mountain K2, the .second
highest peak in the world (28,250
feet), last April, will speak at the
Palo Alto High School auditorium
tonight at 8. His lecture will be il
lustrated by color titles taken on
the climb.
The lecture is sponsored by the
I<oma ,Prieta chapter of the Sierra
Club. A large part of the profits
will gr> toward helpinn the Califor
nia Himalaya Committee send an
expedition to attempt an ascent of
Makalu, in Nepal, this spring. Ad
mission is $1.20.
Dee Molenaar, a member of the
American Alpine Club expedition
that, attempted to climb the Hima
layan mountain K2, the .second
highest peak in the world (28,250
feet), last April, will speak at the
Palo Alto High School auditorium
tonight at 8. His lecture will be il
lustrated by color titles taken on
the climb.
The lecture is sponsored by the
I<oma ,Prieta chapter of the Sierra
Club. A large part of the profits
will gr> toward helpinn the Califor
nia Himalaya Committee send an
expedition to attempt an ascent of
Makalu, in Nepal, this spring. Ad
mission is $1.20.
Dee Molenaar, a member of the
American Alpine Club expedition
that, attempted to climb the Hima
layan mountain K2, the .second
highest peak in the world (28,250
feet), last April, will speak at the
Palo Alto High School auditorium
tonight at 8. His lecture will be il
lustrated by color titles taken on
the climb.
The lecture is sponsored by the
I<oma ,Prieta chapter of the Sierra
Club. A large part of the profits
will gr> toward helpinn the Califor
nia Himalaya Committee send an
expedition to attempt an ascent of
Makalu, in Nepal, this spring. Ad
mission is $1.20.
Dee Molenaar, a member of the
American Alpine Club expedition
that, attempted to climb the Hima
layan mountain K2, the .second
highest peak in the world (28,250
feet), last April, will speak at the
Palo Alto High School auditorium
tonight at 8. His lecture will be il
lustrated by color titles taken on
the climb.
The lecture is sponsored by the
I<oma ,Prieta chapter of the Sierra
Club. A large part of the profits
will gr> toward helpinn the Califor
nia Himalaya Committee send an
expedition to attempt an ascent of
Makalu, in Nepal, this spring. Ad
mission is $1.20.
Dee Molenaar, a member of the
American Alpine Club expedition
that, attempted to climb the Hima
layan mountain K2, the .second
highest peak in the world (28,250
feet), last April, will speak at the
Palo Alto High School auditorium
tonight at 8. His lecture will be il
lustrated by color titles taken on
the climb.
The lecture is sponsored by the
I<oma ,Prieta chapter of the Sierra
Club. A large part of the profits
will gr> toward helpinn the Califor
nia Himalaya Committee send an
expedition to attempt an ascent of
Makalu, in Nepal, this spring. Ad
mission is $1.20.
Dee Molenaar, a member of the
American Alpine Club expedition
that, attempted to climb the Hima
layan mountain K2, the .second
highest peak in the world (28,250
feet), last April, will speak at the
Palo Alto High School auditorium
tonight at 8. His lecture will be il
lustrated by color titles taken on
the climb.
The lecture is sponsored by the
I<oma ,Prieta chapter of the Sierra
Club. A large part of the profits
will gr> toward helpinn the Califor
nia Himalaya Committee send an
expedition to attempt an ascent of
Makalu, in Nepal, this spring. Ad
mission is $1.20.
Dee Molenaar, a member of the
American Alpine Club expedition
that, attempted to climb the Hima
layan mountain K2, the .second
highest peak in the world (28,250
feet), last April, will speak at the
Palo Alto High School auditorium
tonight at 8. His lecture will be il
lustrated by color titles taken on
the climb.
The lecture is sponsored by the
I<oma ,Prieta chapter of the Sierra
Club. A large part of the profits
will gr> toward helpinn the Califor
nia Himalaya Committee send an
expedition to attempt an ascent of
Makalu, in Nepal, this spring. Ad
mission is $1.20.
Dee Molenaar, a member of the
American Alpine Club expedition
that, attempted to climb the Hima
layan mountain K2, the .second
highest peak in the world (28,250
feet), last April, will speak at the
Palo Alto High School auditorium
tonight at 8. His lecture will be il
lustrated by color titles taken on
the climb.
The lecture is sponsored by the
I<oma ,Prieta chapter of the Sierra
Club. A large part of the profits
will gr> toward helpinn the Califor
nia Himalaya Committee send an
expedition to attempt an ascent of
Makalu, in Nepal, this spring. Ad
mission is $1.20.
Dee Molenaar, a member of the
American Alpine Club expedition
that, attempted to climb the Hima
layan mountain K2, the .second
highest peak in the world (28,250
feet), last April, will speak at the
Palo Alto High School auditorium
tonight at 8. His lecture will be il
lustrated by color titles taken on
the climb.
The lecture is sponsored by the
I<oma ,Prieta chapter of the Sierra
Club. A large part of the profits
will gr> toward helpinn the Califor
nia Himalaya Committee send an
expedition to attempt an ascent of
Makalu, in Nepal, this spring. Ad
mission is $1.20.
Dee Molenaar, a member of the
American Alpine Club expedition
that, attempted to climb the Hima
layan mountain K2, the .second
highest peak in the world (28,250
feet), last April, will speak at the
Palo Alto High School auditorium
tonight at 8. His lecture will be il
lustrated by color titles taken on
the climb.
The lecture is sponsored by the
I<oma ,Prieta chapter of the Sierra
Club. A large part of the profits
will gr> toward helpinn the Califor
nia Himalaya Committee send an
expedition to attempt an ascent of
Makalu, in Nepal, this spring. Ad
mission is $1.20.
Dee Molenaar, a member of the
American Alpine Club expedition
that, attempted to climb the Hima
layan mountain K2, the .second
highest peak in the world (28,250
feet), last April, will speak at the
Palo Alto High School auditorium
tonight at 8. His lecture will be il
lustrated by color titles taken on
the climb.
The lecture is sponsored by the
I<oma ,Prieta chapter of the Sierra
Club. A large part of the profits
will gr> toward helpinn the Califor
nia Himalaya Committee send an
expedition to attempt an ascent of
Makalu, in Nepal, this spring. Ad
mission is $1.20.
Dee Molenaar, a member of the
American Alpine Club expedition
that, attempted to climb the Hima
layan mountain K2, the .second
highest peak in the world (28,250
feet), last April, will speak at the
Palo Alto High School auditorium
tonight at 8. His lecture will be il
lustrated by color titles taken on
the climb.
The lecture is sponsored by the
I<oma ,Prieta chapter of the Sierra
Club. A large part of the profits
will gr> toward helpinn the Califor
nia Himalaya Committee send an
expedition to attempt an ascent of
Makalu, in Nepal, this spring. Ad
mission is $1.20.
Dee Molenaar, a member of the
American Alpine Club expedition
that, attempted to climb the Hima
layan mountain K2, the .second
highest peak in the world (28,250
feet), last April, will speak at the
Palo Alto High School auditorium
tonight at 8. His lecture will be il
lustrated by color titles taken on
the climb.
The lecture is sponsored by the
I<oma ,Prieta chapter of the Sierra
Club. A large part of the profits
will gr> toward helpinn the Califor
nia Himalaya Committee send an
expedition to attempt an ascent of
Makalu, in Nepal, this spring. Ad
mission is $1.20.
Dee Molenaar, a member of the
American Alpine Club expedition
that, attempted to climb the Hima
layan mountain K2, the .second
highest peak in the world (28,250
feet), last April, will speak at the
Palo Alto High School auditorium
tonight at 8. His lecture will be il
lustrated by color titles taken on
the climb.
The lecture is sponsored by the
I<oma ,Prieta chapter of the Sierra
Club. A large part of the profits
will gr> toward helpinn the Califor
nia Himalaya Committee send an
expedition to attempt an ascent of
Makalu, in Nepal, this spring. Ad
mission is $1.20.
