# Unbeaten Matmen Face 'Winged O' Grapplers Tonight
## 
### 
Pete Likins leads Stanford's un
defeated wrestlers into San Fran
cisco tonight, where the Indian
grapplers will tackle the Olympic
Club.
The Tribe matmen have cap
tured victories over San Francis
co State, California, Santa Clara
and Cal Poly during the present
season.
Likins, co-captain with the re
tired Don Manoukian on last
year's wrestling team, is grap
pling at 147 pounds this year.
Likins has scored four consecu
tive wins this year without a set
back.
Expected to fill out the Card
team are Bob Fisher, 123; Jerry
Lowell, 130; George Ong, 137; Bob
Carmody, 157; A 1 Laubscher, 167;
Bill Pitkin, 177; and Roger Edel
son, heavyweight.
