# Winter One-Act Tickets Continue Sales This Week
## 
### 
Tickets for the Ram's Head
Winter One-Acts, which play in
the Little Theater Feb. 22 to 25,
are still available for Wednesday,
Thursday and Saturday nights.
They may be obtained at the Me
morial Hail box office from 12:30
to 4:30 p.m. All seats are $1.
Three original student one-act
plays are to be presented.
Robert Bergquist's "Morning
Child," directed by Judy Doty, is
a "sentimental fantasy" teiling
the story of Clivc, a boy whose
fantastic world suddenly becomes
coldly real with the death of his
grandmother.
John Benedict's "As-True as
Cressida" is a modern and satiri
cal reworking of the Troilus and
Cressida story. Sergucy Kondra
tieff directs.
Warner Leßoy directs the final
item on the triple bill program,
Chuck Chesnut's "Chiaroscuro."
Rilled as a "shocker," it is con
cerned with the race problem as
it affects a college fraternity.
Production coordinator for the
Winter One-Acts is Kathy Davis.
Tickets for the Ram's Head
Winter One-Acts, which play in
the Little Theater Feb. 22 to 25,
are still available for Wednesday,
Thursday and Saturday nights.
They may be obtained at the Me
morial Hail box office from 12:30
to 4:30 p.m. All seats are $1.
Three original student one-act
plays are to be presented.
Robert Bergquist's "Morning
Child," directed by Judy Doty, is
a "sentimental fantasy" teiling
the story of Clivc, a boy whose
fantastic world suddenly becomes
coldly real with the death of his
grandmother.
John Benedict's "As-True as
Cressida" is a modern and satiri
cal reworking of the Troilus and
Cressida story. Sergucy Kondra
tieff directs.
Warner Leßoy directs the final
item on the triple bill program,
Chuck Chesnut's "Chiaroscuro."
Rilled as a "shocker," it is con
cerned with the race problem as
it affects a college fraternity.
Production coordinator for the
Winter One-Acts is Kathy Davis.
Tickets for the Ram's Head
Winter One-Acts, which play in
the Little Theater Feb. 22 to 25,
are still available for Wednesday,
Thursday and Saturday nights.
They may be obtained at the Me
morial Hail box office from 12:30
to 4:30 p.m. All seats are $1.
Three original student one-act
plays are to be presented.
Robert Bergquist's "Morning
Child," directed by Judy Doty, is
a "sentimental fantasy" teiling
the story of Clivc, a boy whose
fantastic world suddenly becomes
coldly real with the death of his
grandmother.
John Benedict's "As-True as
Cressida" is a modern and satiri
cal reworking of the Troilus and
Cressida story. Sergucy Kondra
tieff directs.
Warner Leßoy directs the final
item on the triple bill program,
Chuck Chesnut's "Chiaroscuro."
Rilled as a "shocker," it is con
cerned with the race problem as
it affects a college fraternity.
Production coordinator for the
Winter One-Acts is Kathy Davis.
Tickets for the Ram's Head
Winter One-Acts, which play in
the Little Theater Feb. 22 to 25,
are still available for Wednesday,
Thursday and Saturday nights.
They may be obtained at the Me
morial Hail box office from 12:30
to 4:30 p.m. All seats are $1.
Three original student one-act
plays are to be presented.
Robert Bergquist's "Morning
Child," directed by Judy Doty, is
a "sentimental fantasy" teiling
the story of Clivc, a boy whose
fantastic world suddenly becomes
coldly real with the death of his
grandmother.
John Benedict's "As-True as
Cressida" is a modern and satiri
cal reworking of the Troilus and
Cressida story. Sergucy Kondra
tieff directs.
Warner Leßoy directs the final
item on the triple bill program,
Chuck Chesnut's "Chiaroscuro."
Rilled as a "shocker," it is con
cerned with the race problem as
it affects a college fraternity.
Production coordinator for the
Winter One-Acts is Kathy Davis.
Tickets for the Ram's Head
Winter One-Acts, which play in
the Little Theater Feb. 22 to 25,
are still available for Wednesday,
Thursday and Saturday nights.
They may be obtained at the Me
morial Hail box office from 12:30
to 4:30 p.m. All seats are $1.
Three original student one-act
plays are to be presented.
Robert Bergquist's "Morning
Child," directed by Judy Doty, is
a "sentimental fantasy" teiling
the story of Clivc, a boy whose
fantastic world suddenly becomes
coldly real with the death of his
grandmother.
John Benedict's "As-True as
Cressida" is a modern and satiri
cal reworking of the Troilus and
Cressida story. Sergucy Kondra
tieff directs.
Warner Leßoy directs the final
item on the triple bill program,
Chuck Chesnut's "Chiaroscuro."
Rilled as a "shocker," it is con
cerned with the race problem as
it affects a college fraternity.
Production coordinator for the
Winter One-Acts is Kathy Davis.
Tickets for the Ram's Head
Winter One-Acts, which play in
the Little Theater Feb. 22 to 25,
are still available for Wednesday,
Thursday and Saturday nights.
They may be obtained at the Me
morial Hail box office from 12:30
to 4:30 p.m. All seats are $1.
Three original student one-act
plays are to be presented.
Robert Bergquist's "Morning
Child," directed by Judy Doty, is
a "sentimental fantasy" teiling
the story of Clivc, a boy whose
fantastic world suddenly becomes
coldly real with the death of his
grandmother.
John Benedict's "As-True as
Cressida" is a modern and satiri
cal reworking of the Troilus and
Cressida story. Sergucy Kondra
tieff directs.
Warner Leßoy directs the final
item on the triple bill program,
Chuck Chesnut's "Chiaroscuro."
Rilled as a "shocker," it is con
cerned with the race problem as
it affects a college fraternity.
Production coordinator for the
Winter One-Acts is Kathy Davis.
Tickets for the Ram's Head
Winter One-Acts, which play in
the Little Theater Feb. 22 to 25,
are still available for Wednesday,
Thursday and Saturday nights.
They may be obtained at the Me
morial Hail box office from 12:30
to 4:30 p.m. All seats are $1.
Three original student one-act
plays are to be presented.
Robert Bergquist's "Morning
Child," directed by Judy Doty, is
a "sentimental fantasy" teiling
the story of Clivc, a boy whose
fantastic world suddenly becomes
coldly real with the death of his
grandmother.
John Benedict's "As-True as
Cressida" is a modern and satiri
cal reworking of the Troilus and
Cressida story. Sergucy Kondra
tieff directs.
Warner Leßoy directs the final
item on the triple bill program,
Chuck Chesnut's "Chiaroscuro."
Rilled as a "shocker," it is con
cerned with the race problem as
it affects a college fraternity.
Production coordinator for the
Winter One-Acts is Kathy Davis.
Tickets for the Ram's Head
Winter One-Acts, which play in
the Little Theater Feb. 22 to 25,
are still available for Wednesday,
Thursday and Saturday nights.
They may be obtained at the Me
morial Hail box office from 12:30
to 4:30 p.m. All seats are $1.
Three original student one-act
plays are to be presented.
Robert Bergquist's "Morning
Child," directed by Judy Doty, is
a "sentimental fantasy" teiling
the story of Clivc, a boy whose
fantastic world suddenly becomes
coldly real with the death of his
grandmother.
John Benedict's "As-True as
Cressida" is a modern and satiri
cal reworking of the Troilus and
Cressida story. Sergucy Kondra
tieff directs.
Warner Leßoy directs the final
item on the triple bill program,
Chuck Chesnut's "Chiaroscuro."
Rilled as a "shocker," it is con
cerned with the race problem as
it affects a college fraternity.
Production coordinator for the
Winter One-Acts is Kathy Davis.
Tickets for the Ram's Head
Winter One-Acts, which play in
the Little Theater Feb. 22 to 25,
are still available for Wednesday,
Thursday and Saturday nights.
They may be obtained at the Me
morial Hail box office from 12:30
to 4:30 p.m. All seats are $1.
Three original student one-act
plays are to be presented.
Robert Bergquist's "Morning
Child," directed by Judy Doty, is
a "sentimental fantasy" teiling
the story of Clivc, a boy whose
fantastic world suddenly becomes
coldly real with the death of his
grandmother.
John Benedict's "As-True as
Cressida" is a modern and satiri
cal reworking of the Troilus and
Cressida story. Sergucy Kondra
tieff directs.
Warner Leßoy directs the final
item on the triple bill program,
Chuck Chesnut's "Chiaroscuro."
Rilled as a "shocker," it is con
cerned with the race problem as
it affects a college fraternity.
Production coordinator for the
Winter One-Acts is Kathy Davis.
Tickets for the Ram's Head
Winter One-Acts, which play in
the Little Theater Feb. 22 to 25,
are still available for Wednesday,
Thursday and Saturday nights.
They may be obtained at the Me
morial Hail box office from 12:30
to 4:30 p.m. All seats are $1.
Three original student one-act
plays are to be presented.
Robert Bergquist's "Morning
Child," directed by Judy Doty, is
a "sentimental fantasy" teiling
the story of Clivc, a boy whose
fantastic world suddenly becomes
coldly real with the death of his
grandmother.
John Benedict's "As-True as
Cressida" is a modern and satiri
cal reworking of the Troilus and
Cressida story. Sergucy Kondra
tieff directs.
Warner Leßoy directs the final
item on the triple bill program,
Chuck Chesnut's "Chiaroscuro."
Rilled as a "shocker," it is con
cerned with the race problem as
it affects a college fraternity.
Production coordinator for the
Winter One-Acts is Kathy Davis.
Tickets for the Ram's Head
Winter One-Acts, which play in
the Little Theater Feb. 22 to 25,
are still available for Wednesday,
Thursday and Saturday nights.
They may be obtained at the Me
morial Hail box office from 12:30
to 4:30 p.m. All seats are $1.
Three original student one-act
plays are to be presented.
Robert Bergquist's "Morning
Child," directed by Judy Doty, is
a "sentimental fantasy" teiling
the story of Clivc, a boy whose
fantastic world suddenly becomes
coldly real with the death of his
grandmother.
John Benedict's "As-True as
Cressida" is a modern and satiri
cal reworking of the Troilus and
Cressida story. Sergucy Kondra
tieff directs.
Warner Leßoy directs the final
item on the triple bill program,
Chuck Chesnut's "Chiaroscuro."
Rilled as a "shocker," it is con
cerned with the race problem as
it affects a college fraternity.
Production coordinator for the
Winter One-Acts is Kathy Davis.
Tickets for the Ram's Head
Winter One-Acts, which play in
the Little Theater Feb. 22 to 25,
are still available for Wednesday,
Thursday and Saturday nights.
They may be obtained at the Me
morial Hail box office from 12:30
to 4:30 p.m. All seats are $1.
Three original student one-act
plays are to be presented.
Robert Bergquist's "Morning
Child," directed by Judy Doty, is
a "sentimental fantasy" teiling
the story of Clivc, a boy whose
fantastic world suddenly becomes
coldly real with the death of his
grandmother.
John Benedict's "As-True as
Cressida" is a modern and satiri
cal reworking of the Troilus and
Cressida story. Sergucy Kondra
tieff directs.
Warner Leßoy directs the final
item on the triple bill program,
Chuck Chesnut's "Chiaroscuro."
Rilled as a "shocker," it is con
cerned with the race problem as
it affects a college fraternity.
Production coordinator for the
Winter One-Acts is Kathy Davis.
Tickets for the Ram's Head
Winter One-Acts, which play in
the Little Theater Feb. 22 to 25,
are still available for Wednesday,
Thursday and Saturday nights.
They may be obtained at the Me
morial Hail box office from 12:30
to 4:30 p.m. All seats are $1.
Three original student one-act
plays are to be presented.
Robert Bergquist's "Morning
Child," directed by Judy Doty, is
a "sentimental fantasy" teiling
the story of Clivc, a boy whose
fantastic world suddenly becomes
coldly real with the death of his
grandmother.
John Benedict's "As-True as
Cressida" is a modern and satiri
cal reworking of the Troilus and
Cressida story. Sergucy Kondra
tieff directs.
Warner Leßoy directs the final
item on the triple bill program,
Chuck Chesnut's "Chiaroscuro."
Rilled as a "shocker," it is con
cerned with the race problem as
it affects a college fraternity.
Production coordinator for the
Winter One-Acts is Kathy Davis.
Tickets for the Ram's Head
Winter One-Acts, which play in
the Little Theater Feb. 22 to 25,
are still available for Wednesday,
Thursday and Saturday nights.
They may be obtained at the Me
morial Hail box office from 12:30
to 4:30 p.m. All seats are $1.
Three original student one-act
plays are to be presented.
Robert Bergquist's "Morning
Child," directed by Judy Doty, is
a "sentimental fantasy" teiling
the story of Clivc, a boy whose
fantastic world suddenly becomes
coldly real with the death of his
grandmother.
John Benedict's "As-True as
Cressida" is a modern and satiri
cal reworking of the Troilus and
Cressida story. Sergucy Kondra
tieff directs.
Warner Leßoy directs the final
item on the triple bill program,
Chuck Chesnut's "Chiaroscuro."
Rilled as a "shocker," it is con
cerned with the race problem as
it affects a college fraternity.
Production coordinator for the
Winter One-Acts is Kathy Davis.
Tickets for the Ram's Head
Winter One-Acts, which play in
the Little Theater Feb. 22 to 25,
are still available for Wednesday,
Thursday and Saturday nights.
They may be obtained at the Me
morial Hail box office from 12:30
to 4:30 p.m. All seats are $1.
Three original student one-act
plays are to be presented.
Robert Bergquist's "Morning
Child," directed by Judy Doty, is
a "sentimental fantasy" teiling
the story of Clivc, a boy whose
fantastic world suddenly becomes
coldly real with the death of his
grandmother.
John Benedict's "As-True as
Cressida" is a modern and satiri
cal reworking of the Troilus and
Cressida story. Sergucy Kondra
tieff directs.
Warner Leßoy directs the final
item on the triple bill program,
Chuck Chesnut's "Chiaroscuro."
Rilled as a "shocker," it is con
cerned with the race problem as
it affects a college fraternity.
Production coordinator for the
Winter One-Acts is Kathy Davis.
