# ESPRI to Show Movies on Israel
## 
### 
ESPRI will feature a discussion
and movie on "Israel Today" at
the weekly luncheon-meeting to
be held at 12:15 today in Room
e57, Cubberley.
Two Israeli students, Emanuel
and Shiela Seuchtwang, will be
the guest speakers and show 16-
mm movies of Israel.
ESPRI, the Educational Society
for the Promotion of Relations
Intereultural, is a club in the
graduate School of. Education.
ESPRI will feature a discussion
and movie on "Israel Today" at
the weekly luncheon-meeting to
be held at 12:15 today in Room
e57, Cubberley.
Two Israeli students, Emanuel
and Shiela Seuchtwang, will be
the guest speakers and show 16-
mm movies of Israel.
ESPRI, the Educational Society
for the Promotion of Relations
Intereultural, is a club in the
graduate School of. Education.
ESPRI will feature a discussion
and movie on "Israel Today" at
the weekly luncheon-meeting to
be held at 12:15 today in Room
e57, Cubberley.
Two Israeli students, Emanuel
and Shiela Seuchtwang, will be
the guest speakers and show 16-
mm movies of Israel.
ESPRI, the Educational Society
for the Promotion of Relations
Intereultural, is a club in the
graduate School of. Education.
ESPRI will feature a discussion
and movie on "Israel Today" at
the weekly luncheon-meeting to
be held at 12:15 today in Room
e57, Cubberley.
Two Israeli students, Emanuel
and Shiela Seuchtwang, will be
the guest speakers and show 16-
mm movies of Israel.
ESPRI, the Educational Society
for the Promotion of Relations
Intereultural, is a club in the
graduate School of. Education.
ESPRI will feature a discussion
and movie on "Israel Today" at
the weekly luncheon-meeting to
be held at 12:15 today in Room
e57, Cubberley.
Two Israeli students, Emanuel
and Shiela Seuchtwang, will be
the guest speakers and show 16-
mm movies of Israel.
ESPRI, the Educational Society
for the Promotion of Relations
Intereultural, is a club in the
graduate School of. Education.
ESPRI will feature a discussion
and movie on "Israel Today" at
the weekly luncheon-meeting to
be held at 12:15 today in Room
e57, Cubberley.
Two Israeli students, Emanuel
and Shiela Seuchtwang, will be
the guest speakers and show 16-
mm movies of Israel.
ESPRI, the Educational Society
for the Promotion of Relations
Intereultural, is a club in the
graduate School of. Education.
ESPRI will feature a discussion
and movie on "Israel Today" at
the weekly luncheon-meeting to
be held at 12:15 today in Room
e57, Cubberley.
Two Israeli students, Emanuel
and Shiela Seuchtwang, will be
the guest speakers and show 16-
mm movies of Israel.
ESPRI, the Educational Society
for the Promotion of Relations
Intereultural, is a club in the
graduate School of. Education.
ESPRI will feature a discussion
and movie on "Israel Today" at
the weekly luncheon-meeting to
be held at 12:15 today in Room
e57, Cubberley.
Two Israeli students, Emanuel
and Shiela Seuchtwang, will be
the guest speakers and show 16-
mm movies of Israel.
ESPRI, the Educational Society
for the Promotion of Relations
Intereultural, is a club in the
graduate School of. Education.
ESPRI will feature a discussion
and movie on "Israel Today" at
the weekly luncheon-meeting to
be held at 12:15 today in Room
e57, Cubberley.
Two Israeli students, Emanuel
and Shiela Seuchtwang, will be
the guest speakers and show 16-
mm movies of Israel.
ESPRI, the Educational Society
for the Promotion of Relations
Intereultural, is a club in the
graduate School of. Education.
ESPRI will feature a discussion
and movie on "Israel Today" at
the weekly luncheon-meeting to
be held at 12:15 today in Room
e57, Cubberley.
Two Israeli students, Emanuel
and Shiela Seuchtwang, will be
the guest speakers and show 16-
mm movies of Israel.
ESPRI, the Educational Society
for the Promotion of Relations
Intereultural, is a club in the
graduate School of. Education.
ESPRI will feature a discussion
and movie on "Israel Today" at
the weekly luncheon-meeting to
be held at 12:15 today in Room
e57, Cubberley.
Two Israeli students, Emanuel
and Shiela Seuchtwang, will be
the guest speakers and show 16-
mm movies of Israel.
ESPRI, the Educational Society
for the Promotion of Relations
Intereultural, is a club in the
graduate School of. Education.
ESPRI will feature a discussion
and movie on "Israel Today" at
the weekly luncheon-meeting to
be held at 12:15 today in Room
e57, Cubberley.
Two Israeli students, Emanuel
and Shiela Seuchtwang, will be
the guest speakers and show 16-
mm movies of Israel.
ESPRI, the Educational Society
for the Promotion of Relations
Intereultural, is a club in the
graduate School of. Education.
ESPRI will feature a discussion
and movie on "Israel Today" at
the weekly luncheon-meeting to
be held at 12:15 today in Room
e57, Cubberley.
Two Israeli students, Emanuel
and Shiela Seuchtwang, will be
the guest speakers and show 16-
mm movies of Israel.
ESPRI, the Educational Society
for the Promotion of Relations
Intereultural, is a club in the
graduate School of. Education.
ESPRI will feature a discussion
and movie on "Israel Today" at
the weekly luncheon-meeting to
be held at 12:15 today in Room
e57, Cubberley.
Two Israeli students, Emanuel
and Shiela Seuchtwang, will be
the guest speakers and show 16-
mm movies of Israel.
ESPRI, the Educational Society
for the Promotion of Relations
Intereultural, is a club in the
graduate School of. Education.
ESPRI will feature a discussion
and movie on "Israel Today" at
the weekly luncheon-meeting to
be held at 12:15 today in Room
e57, Cubberley.
Two Israeli students, Emanuel
and Shiela Seuchtwang, will be
the guest speakers and show 16-
mm movies of Israel.
ESPRI, the Educational Society
for the Promotion of Relations
Intereultural, is a club in the
graduate School of. Education.
