# FEATURES
## I'D JOIN: 
### 
GROUP NAME
Viennese Ball Committee
CATEGORY:
Social Dance Promotion
FOUNDED:
1978, first hosted in Toyon Hall
FACTOIDS:
The 34th Annual Viennese Ball
takes place this year on Friday,
Feb.l 1 at the Hyatt Regency in
Burlingame. Waltzing at the Vien
nese Ball is on the Unofficial
Guide's list of 87 things to do be
fore you graduate.
PURPOSE:
The annual Viennese Ball is an el
egant, black-tie affair that fuses
Austrian culture with Stanford so
cial dance. The Viennese Ball is
open to everyone, from profes
sional dancers to social dance
students to people who are danc
ing for the first time. During Aus
tria Fortnight, the two weeks be
fore the ball, there will be oppor
tunities for newcomers to learn the
basic steps. The Viennese Ball
Committee strives to create a
magical evening for everyone to
dance the night away.

GROUP NAME
Viennese Ball Committee
CATEGORY:
Social Dance Promotion
FOUNDED:
1978, first hosted in Toyon Hall
FACTOIDS:
The 34th Annual Viennese Ball
takes place this year on Friday,
Feb.l 1 at the Hyatt Regency in
Burlingame. Waltzing at the Vien
nese Ball is on the Unofficial
Guide's list of 87 things to do be
fore you graduate.
PURPOSE:
The annual Viennese Ball is an el
egant, black-tie affair that fuses
Austrian culture with Stanford so
cial dance. The Viennese Ball is
open to everyone, from profes
sional dancers to social dance
students to people who are danc
ing for the first time. During Aus
tria Fortnight, the two weeks be
fore the ball, there will be oppor
tunities for newcomers to learn the
basic steps. The Viennese Ball
Committee strives to create a
magical evening for everyone to
dance the night away.

GROUP NAME
Viennese Ball Committee
CATEGORY:
Social Dance Promotion
FOUNDED:
1978, first hosted in Toyon Hall
FACTOIDS:
The 34th Annual Viennese Ball
takes place this year on Friday,
Feb.l 1 at the Hyatt Regency in
Burlingame. Waltzing at the Vien
nese Ball is on the Unofficial
Guide's list of 87 things to do be
fore you graduate.
PURPOSE:
The annual Viennese Ball is an el
egant, black-tie affair that fuses
Austrian culture with Stanford so
cial dance. The Viennese Ball is
open to everyone, from profes
sional dancers to social dance
students to people who are danc
ing for the first time. During Aus
tria Fortnight, the two weeks be
fore the ball, there will be oppor
tunities for newcomers to learn the
basic steps. The Viennese Ball
Committee strives to create a
magical evening for everyone to
dance the night away.

GROUP NAME
Viennese Ball Committee
CATEGORY:
Social Dance Promotion
FOUNDED:
1978, first hosted in Toyon Hall
FACTOIDS:
The 34th Annual Viennese Ball
takes place this year on Friday,
Feb.l 1 at the Hyatt Regency in
Burlingame. Waltzing at the Vien
nese Ball is on the Unofficial
Guide's list of 87 things to do be
fore you graduate.
PURPOSE:
The annual Viennese Ball is an el
egant, black-tie affair that fuses
Austrian culture with Stanford so
cial dance. The Viennese Ball is
open to everyone, from profes
sional dancers to social dance
students to people who are danc
ing for the first time. During Aus
tria Fortnight, the two weeks be
fore the ball, there will be oppor
tunities for newcomers to learn the
basic steps. The Viennese Ball
Committee strives to create a
magical evening for everyone to
dance the night away.

GROUP NAME
Viennese Ball Committee
CATEGORY:
Social Dance Promotion
FOUNDED:
1978, first hosted in Toyon Hall
FACTOIDS:
The 34th Annual Viennese Ball
takes place this year on Friday,
Feb.l 1 at the Hyatt Regency in
Burlingame. Waltzing at the Vien
nese Ball is on the Unofficial
Guide's list of 87 things to do be
fore you graduate.
PURPOSE:
The annual Viennese Ball is an el
egant, black-tie affair that fuses
Austrian culture with Stanford so
cial dance. The Viennese Ball is
open to everyone, from profes
sional dancers to social dance
students to people who are danc
ing for the first time. During Aus
tria Fortnight, the two weeks be
fore the ball, there will be oppor
tunities for newcomers to learn the
basic steps. The Viennese Ball
Committee strives to create a
magical evening for everyone to
dance the night away.

GROUP NAME
Viennese Ball Committee
CATEGORY:
Social Dance Promotion
FOUNDED:
1978, first hosted in Toyon Hall
FACTOIDS:
The 34th Annual Viennese Ball
takes place this year on Friday,
Feb.l 1 at the Hyatt Regency in
Burlingame. Waltzing at the Vien
nese Ball is on the Unofficial
Guide's list of 87 things to do be
fore you graduate.
PURPOSE:
The annual Viennese Ball is an el
egant, black-tie affair that fuses
Austrian culture with Stanford so
cial dance. The Viennese Ball is
open to everyone, from profes
sional dancers to social dance
students to people who are danc
ing for the first time. During Aus
tria Fortnight, the two weeks be
fore the ball, there will be oppor
tunities for newcomers to learn the
basic steps. The Viennese Ball
Committee strives to create a
magical evening for everyone to
dance the night away.

GROUP NAME
Viennese Ball Committee
CATEGORY:
Social Dance Promotion
FOUNDED:
1978, first hosted in Toyon Hall
FACTOIDS:
The 34th Annual Viennese Ball
takes place this year on Friday,
Feb.l 1 at the Hyatt Regency in
Burlingame. Waltzing at the Vien
nese Ball is on the Unofficial
Guide's list of 87 things to do be
fore you graduate.
PURPOSE:
The annual Viennese Ball is an el
egant, black-tie affair that fuses
Austrian culture with Stanford so
cial dance. The Viennese Ball is
open to everyone, from profes
sional dancers to social dance
students to people who are danc
ing for the first time. During Aus
tria Fortnight, the two weeks be
fore the ball, there will be oppor
tunities for newcomers to learn the
basic steps. The Viennese Ball
Committee strives to create a
magical evening for everyone to
dance the night away.

