# Student Body Affairs.
## 
### 
The Executive Committee of the
student body met yesterday after
noon with Vice-President Davis in
the chair. There were present

Wickereham, Adams, Nichols,
Hoover, English, Cooper, and
Bradley.
William Erb proposed to the
committee that a sum he appro
priated for buying scenery and
stage machinery for the assembly
hall. According to Erb's plan, the
student body would retain perma
nent posession of the scenery and
rent it out to the different classes
and organizations giving theatri
cals. In this way it was suggested
that the investment on the part of
the student body would prove not
an expense, but a permanent
source of revenue. Erb and Eng
lish were appointed a committee to
look further into the proposition.
The Executive Committee of the
student body met yesterday after
noon with Vice-President Davis in
the chair. There were present

Wickereham, Adams, Nichols,
Hoover, English, Cooper, and
Bradley.
William Erb proposed to the
committee that a sum he appro
priated for buying scenery and
stage machinery for the assembly
hall. According to Erb's plan, the
student body would retain perma
nent posession of the scenery and
rent it out to the different classes
and organizations giving theatri
cals. In this way it was suggested
that the investment on the part of
the student body would prove not
an expense, but a permanent
source of revenue. Erb and Eng
lish were appointed a committee to
look further into the proposition.
The Executive Committee of the
student body met yesterday after
noon with Vice-President Davis in
the chair. There were present

Wickereham, Adams, Nichols,
Hoover, English, Cooper, and
Bradley.
William Erb proposed to the
committee that a sum he appro
priated for buying scenery and
stage machinery for the assembly
hall. According to Erb's plan, the
student body would retain perma
nent posession of the scenery and
rent it out to the different classes
and organizations giving theatri
cals. In this way it was suggested
that the investment on the part of
the student body would prove not
an expense, but a permanent
source of revenue. Erb and Eng
lish were appointed a committee to
look further into the proposition.
The Executive Committee of the
student body met yesterday after
noon with Vice-President Davis in
the chair. There were present

Wickereham, Adams, Nichols,
Hoover, English, Cooper, and
Bradley.
William Erb proposed to the
committee that a sum he appro
priated for buying scenery and
stage machinery for the assembly
hall. According to Erb's plan, the
student body would retain perma
nent posession of the scenery and
rent it out to the different classes
and organizations giving theatri
cals. In this way it was suggested
that the investment on the part of
the student body would prove not
an expense, but a permanent
source of revenue. Erb and Eng
lish were appointed a committee to
look further into the proposition.
The Executive Committee of the
student body met yesterday after
noon with Vice-President Davis in
the chair. There were present

Wickereham, Adams, Nichols,
Hoover, English, Cooper, and
Bradley.
William Erb proposed to the
committee that a sum he appro
priated for buying scenery and
stage machinery for the assembly
hall. According to Erb's plan, the
student body would retain perma
nent posession of the scenery and
rent it out to the different classes
and organizations giving theatri
cals. In this way it was suggested
that the investment on the part of
the student body would prove not
an expense, but a permanent
source of revenue. Erb and Eng
lish were appointed a committee to
look further into the proposition.
The Executive Committee of the
student body met yesterday after
noon with Vice-President Davis in
the chair. There were present

Wickereham, Adams, Nichols,
Hoover, English, Cooper, and
Bradley.
William Erb proposed to the
committee that a sum he appro
priated for buying scenery and
stage machinery for the assembly
hall. According to Erb's plan, the
student body would retain perma
nent posession of the scenery and
rent it out to the different classes
and organizations giving theatri
cals. In this way it was suggested
that the investment on the part of
the student body would prove not
an expense, but a permanent
source of revenue. Erb and Eng
lish were appointed a committee to
look further into the proposition.
The Executive Committee of the
student body met yesterday after
noon with Vice-President Davis in
the chair. There were present

Wickereham, Adams, Nichols,
Hoover, English, Cooper, and
Bradley.
William Erb proposed to the
committee that a sum he appro
priated for buying scenery and
stage machinery for the assembly
hall. According to Erb's plan, the
student body would retain perma
nent posession of the scenery and
rent it out to the different classes
and organizations giving theatri
cals. In this way it was suggested
that the investment on the part of
the student body would prove not
an expense, but a permanent
source of revenue. Erb and Eng
lish were appointed a committee to
look further into the proposition.
