# U. S. C. FIRST YEAR MEN TO WEAR LIGHT GREY VESTS
## 
### 
Following the action of the IT. S. C.
sophomores recently to adopt a regu
lation style of lumberjack shirt as a
class garb, the freshmen this last week,
voted to wear light grey vests as their
distinctive badge.
Following the action of the IT. S. C.
sophomores recently to adopt a regu
lation style of lumberjack shirt as a
class garb, the freshmen this last week,
voted to wear light grey vests as their
distinctive badge.
Following the action of the IT. S. C.
sophomores recently to adopt a regu
lation style of lumberjack shirt as a
class garb, the freshmen this last week,
voted to wear light grey vests as their
distinctive badge.
Following the action of the IT. S. C.
sophomores recently to adopt a regu
lation style of lumberjack shirt as a
class garb, the freshmen this last week,
voted to wear light grey vests as their
distinctive badge.
Following the action of the IT. S. C.
sophomores recently to adopt a regu
lation style of lumberjack shirt as a
class garb, the freshmen this last week,
voted to wear light grey vests as their
distinctive badge.
Following the action of the IT. S. C.
sophomores recently to adopt a regu
lation style of lumberjack shirt as a
class garb, the freshmen this last week,
voted to wear light grey vests as their
distinctive badge.
Following the action of the IT. S. C.
sophomores recently to adopt a regu
lation style of lumberjack shirt as a
class garb, the freshmen this last week,
voted to wear light grey vests as their
distinctive badge.
Following the action of the IT. S. C.
sophomores recently to adopt a regu
lation style of lumberjack shirt as a
class garb, the freshmen this last week,
voted to wear light grey vests as their
distinctive badge.
Following the action of the IT. S. C.
sophomores recently to adopt a regu
lation style of lumberjack shirt as a
class garb, the freshmen this last week,
voted to wear light grey vests as their
distinctive badge.
Following the action of the IT. S. C.
sophomores recently to adopt a regu
lation style of lumberjack shirt as a
class garb, the freshmen this last week,
voted to wear light grey vests as their
distinctive badge.
Following the action of the IT. S. C.
sophomores recently to adopt a regu
lation style of lumberjack shirt as a
class garb, the freshmen this last week,
voted to wear light grey vests as their
distinctive badge.
Following the action of the IT. S. C.
sophomores recently to adopt a regu
lation style of lumberjack shirt as a
class garb, the freshmen this last week,
voted to wear light grey vests as their
distinctive badge.
Following the action of the IT. S. C.
sophomores recently to adopt a regu
lation style of lumberjack shirt as a
class garb, the freshmen this last week,
voted to wear light grey vests as their
distinctive badge.
Following the action of the IT. S. C.
sophomores recently to adopt a regu
lation style of lumberjack shirt as a
class garb, the freshmen this last week,
voted to wear light grey vests as their
distinctive badge.
Following the action of the IT. S. C.
sophomores recently to adopt a regu
lation style of lumberjack shirt as a
class garb, the freshmen this last week,
voted to wear light grey vests as their
distinctive badge.
Following the action of the IT. S. C.
sophomores recently to adopt a regu
lation style of lumberjack shirt as a
class garb, the freshmen this last week,
voted to wear light grey vests as their
distinctive badge.
