# TEXAS UNIVERSITY TO TRY MORE LENIENT CUT SYSTEM
## 
### 
A less rigid absence system will be
tried at Texas University. The princi
ple of negative cuts has been declared
too rigid and unjust. The new plan in
volves a fairly rigid check only on
freshmen and sophomores and allows
much greater freedom to juniors and
seniors. A committee of faculty mem
bers is now working on a substitute
for the negative hours plan. Sponsors
of the system hope to abolish lying
about execuses without working an
injustice on persons having legitimate
excuses.
A less rigid absence system will be
tried at Texas University. The princi
ple of negative cuts has been declared
too rigid and unjust. The new plan in
volves a fairly rigid check only on
freshmen and sophomores and allows
much greater freedom to juniors and
seniors. A committee of faculty mem
bers is now working on a substitute
for the negative hours plan. Sponsors
of the system hope to abolish lying
about execuses without working an
injustice on persons having legitimate
excuses.
A less rigid absence system will be
tried at Texas University. The princi
ple of negative cuts has been declared
too rigid and unjust. The new plan in
volves a fairly rigid check only on
freshmen and sophomores and allows
much greater freedom to juniors and
seniors. A committee of faculty mem
bers is now working on a substitute
for the negative hours plan. Sponsors
of the system hope to abolish lying
about execuses without working an
injustice on persons having legitimate
excuses.
A less rigid absence system will be
tried at Texas University. The princi
ple of negative cuts has been declared
too rigid and unjust. The new plan in
volves a fairly rigid check only on
freshmen and sophomores and allows
much greater freedom to juniors and
seniors. A committee of faculty mem
bers is now working on a substitute
for the negative hours plan. Sponsors
of the system hope to abolish lying
about execuses without working an
injustice on persons having legitimate
excuses.
A less rigid absence system will be
tried at Texas University. The princi
ple of negative cuts has been declared
too rigid and unjust. The new plan in
volves a fairly rigid check only on
freshmen and sophomores and allows
much greater freedom to juniors and
seniors. A committee of faculty mem
bers is now working on a substitute
for the negative hours plan. Sponsors
of the system hope to abolish lying
about execuses without working an
injustice on persons having legitimate
excuses.
A less rigid absence system will be
tried at Texas University. The princi
ple of negative cuts has been declared
too rigid and unjust. The new plan in
volves a fairly rigid check only on
freshmen and sophomores and allows
much greater freedom to juniors and
seniors. A committee of faculty mem
bers is now working on a substitute
for the negative hours plan. Sponsors
of the system hope to abolish lying
about execuses without working an
injustice on persons having legitimate
excuses.
A less rigid absence system will be
tried at Texas University. The princi
ple of negative cuts has been declared
too rigid and unjust. The new plan in
volves a fairly rigid check only on
freshmen and sophomores and allows
much greater freedom to juniors and
seniors. A committee of faculty mem
bers is now working on a substitute
for the negative hours plan. Sponsors
of the system hope to abolish lying
about execuses without working an
injustice on persons having legitimate
excuses.
A less rigid absence system will be
tried at Texas University. The princi
ple of negative cuts has been declared
too rigid and unjust. The new plan in
volves a fairly rigid check only on
freshmen and sophomores and allows
much greater freedom to juniors and
seniors. A committee of faculty mem
bers is now working on a substitute
for the negative hours plan. Sponsors
of the system hope to abolish lying
about execuses without working an
injustice on persons having legitimate
excuses.
A less rigid absence system will be
tried at Texas University. The princi
ple of negative cuts has been declared
too rigid and unjust. The new plan in
volves a fairly rigid check only on
freshmen and sophomores and allows
much greater freedom to juniors and
seniors. A committee of faculty mem
bers is now working on a substitute
for the negative hours plan. Sponsors
of the system hope to abolish lying
about execuses without working an
injustice on persons having legitimate
excuses.
A less rigid absence system will be
tried at Texas University. The princi
ple of negative cuts has been declared
too rigid and unjust. The new plan in
volves a fairly rigid check only on
freshmen and sophomores and allows
much greater freedom to juniors and
seniors. A committee of faculty mem
bers is now working on a substitute
for the negative hours plan. Sponsors
of the system hope to abolish lying
about execuses without working an
injustice on persons having legitimate
excuses.
A less rigid absence system will be
tried at Texas University. The princi
ple of negative cuts has been declared
too rigid and unjust. The new plan in
volves a fairly rigid check only on
freshmen and sophomores and allows
much greater freedom to juniors and
seniors. A committee of faculty mem
bers is now working on a substitute
for the negative hours plan. Sponsors
of the system hope to abolish lying
about execuses without working an
injustice on persons having legitimate
excuses.
A less rigid absence system will be
tried at Texas University. The princi
ple of negative cuts has been declared
too rigid and unjust. The new plan in
volves a fairly rigid check only on
freshmen and sophomores and allows
much greater freedom to juniors and
seniors. A committee of faculty mem
bers is now working on a substitute
for the negative hours plan. Sponsors
of the system hope to abolish lying
about execuses without working an
injustice on persons having legitimate
excuses.
A less rigid absence system will be
tried at Texas University. The princi
ple of negative cuts has been declared
too rigid and unjust. The new plan in
volves a fairly rigid check only on
freshmen and sophomores and allows
much greater freedom to juniors and
seniors. A committee of faculty mem
bers is now working on a substitute
for the negative hours plan. Sponsors
of the system hope to abolish lying
about execuses without working an
injustice on persons having legitimate
excuses.
A less rigid absence system will be
tried at Texas University. The princi
ple of negative cuts has been declared
too rigid and unjust. The new plan in
volves a fairly rigid check only on
freshmen and sophomores and allows
much greater freedom to juniors and
seniors. A committee of faculty mem
bers is now working on a substitute
for the negative hours plan. Sponsors
of the system hope to abolish lying
about execuses without working an
injustice on persons having legitimate
excuses.
A less rigid absence system will be
tried at Texas University. The princi
ple of negative cuts has been declared
too rigid and unjust. The new plan in
volves a fairly rigid check only on
freshmen and sophomores and allows
much greater freedom to juniors and
seniors. A committee of faculty mem
bers is now working on a substitute
for the negative hours plan. Sponsors
of the system hope to abolish lying
about execuses without working an
injustice on persons having legitimate
excuses.
A less rigid absence system will be
tried at Texas University. The princi
ple of negative cuts has been declared
too rigid and unjust. The new plan in
volves a fairly rigid check only on
freshmen and sophomores and allows
much greater freedom to juniors and
seniors. A committee of faculty mem
bers is now working on a substitute
for the negative hours plan. Sponsors
of the system hope to abolish lying
about execuses without working an
injustice on persons having legitimate
excuses.
