# KOZLOWSKY WILL LEAD MAROON AND GOLD TEAM
## 
### 
Joseph A. Kozlowsky, '25, will cap
tain the football team at Boston Col
lege next season. Charles "Chuck"
Darling, all-American fullback, and
captain of the Maroon and Gold team
of this year, was renominated but de
clined in'favor of Kozlowsky.
Kozlowsky gained an all-American
reputation from many critics during
the past season, being an excellent
right tackle.
Joseph A. Kozlowsky, '25, will cap
tain the football team at Boston Col
lege next season. Charles "Chuck"
Darling, all-American fullback, and
captain of the Maroon and Gold team
of this year, was renominated but de
clined in'favor of Kozlowsky.
Kozlowsky gained an all-American
reputation from many critics during
the past season, being an excellent
right tackle.
Joseph A. Kozlowsky, '25, will cap
tain the football team at Boston Col
lege next season. Charles "Chuck"
Darling, all-American fullback, and
captain of the Maroon and Gold team
of this year, was renominated but de
clined in'favor of Kozlowsky.
Kozlowsky gained an all-American
reputation from many critics during
the past season, being an excellent
right tackle.
Joseph A. Kozlowsky, '25, will cap
tain the football team at Boston Col
lege next season. Charles "Chuck"
Darling, all-American fullback, and
captain of the Maroon and Gold team
of this year, was renominated but de
clined in'favor of Kozlowsky.
Kozlowsky gained an all-American
reputation from many critics during
the past season, being an excellent
right tackle.
Joseph A. Kozlowsky, '25, will cap
tain the football team at Boston Col
lege next season. Charles "Chuck"
Darling, all-American fullback, and
captain of the Maroon and Gold team
of this year, was renominated but de
clined in'favor of Kozlowsky.
Kozlowsky gained an all-American
reputation from many critics during
the past season, being an excellent
right tackle.
Joseph A. Kozlowsky, '25, will cap
tain the football team at Boston Col
lege next season. Charles "Chuck"
Darling, all-American fullback, and
captain of the Maroon and Gold team
of this year, was renominated but de
clined in'favor of Kozlowsky.
Kozlowsky gained an all-American
reputation from many critics during
the past season, being an excellent
right tackle.
Joseph A. Kozlowsky, '25, will cap
tain the football team at Boston Col
lege next season. Charles "Chuck"
Darling, all-American fullback, and
captain of the Maroon and Gold team
of this year, was renominated but de
clined in'favor of Kozlowsky.
Kozlowsky gained an all-American
reputation from many critics during
the past season, being an excellent
right tackle.
Joseph A. Kozlowsky, '25, will cap
tain the football team at Boston Col
lege next season. Charles "Chuck"
Darling, all-American fullback, and
captain of the Maroon and Gold team
of this year, was renominated but de
clined in'favor of Kozlowsky.
Kozlowsky gained an all-American
reputation from many critics during
the past season, being an excellent
right tackle.
Joseph A. Kozlowsky, '25, will cap
tain the football team at Boston Col
lege next season. Charles "Chuck"
Darling, all-American fullback, and
captain of the Maroon and Gold team
of this year, was renominated but de
clined in'favor of Kozlowsky.
Kozlowsky gained an all-American
reputation from many critics during
the past season, being an excellent
right tackle.
Joseph A. Kozlowsky, '25, will cap
tain the football team at Boston Col
lege next season. Charles "Chuck"
Darling, all-American fullback, and
captain of the Maroon and Gold team
of this year, was renominated but de
clined in'favor of Kozlowsky.
Kozlowsky gained an all-American
reputation from many critics during
the past season, being an excellent
right tackle.
Joseph A. Kozlowsky, '25, will cap
tain the football team at Boston Col
lege next season. Charles "Chuck"
Darling, all-American fullback, and
captain of the Maroon and Gold team
of this year, was renominated but de
clined in'favor of Kozlowsky.
Kozlowsky gained an all-American
reputation from many critics during
the past season, being an excellent
right tackle.
Joseph A. Kozlowsky, '25, will cap
tain the football team at Boston Col
lege next season. Charles "Chuck"
Darling, all-American fullback, and
captain of the Maroon and Gold team
of this year, was renominated but de
clined in'favor of Kozlowsky.
Kozlowsky gained an all-American
reputation from many critics during
the past season, being an excellent
right tackle.
Joseph A. Kozlowsky, '25, will cap
tain the football team at Boston Col
lege next season. Charles "Chuck"
Darling, all-American fullback, and
captain of the Maroon and Gold team
of this year, was renominated but de
clined in'favor of Kozlowsky.
Kozlowsky gained an all-American
reputation from many critics during
the past season, being an excellent
right tackle.
Joseph A. Kozlowsky, '25, will cap
tain the football team at Boston Col
lege next season. Charles "Chuck"
Darling, all-American fullback, and
captain of the Maroon and Gold team
of this year, was renominated but de
clined in'favor of Kozlowsky.
Kozlowsky gained an all-American
reputation from many critics during
the past season, being an excellent
right tackle.
Joseph A. Kozlowsky, '25, will cap
tain the football team at Boston Col
lege next season. Charles "Chuck"
Darling, all-American fullback, and
captain of the Maroon and Gold team
of this year, was renominated but de
clined in'favor of Kozlowsky.
Kozlowsky gained an all-American
reputation from many critics during
the past season, being an excellent
right tackle.
Joseph A. Kozlowsky, '25, will cap
tain the football team at Boston Col
lege next season. Charles "Chuck"
Darling, all-American fullback, and
captain of the Maroon and Gold team
of this year, was renominated but de
clined in'favor of Kozlowsky.
Kozlowsky gained an all-American
reputation from many critics during
the past season, being an excellent
right tackle.
