# WASHINGTON UNIVERSITY GETS DONATION FROM ART PATRON
## 
### 
Horace C. Henry, Seattle art patron,
liiis recently Riven the University of
Washington $1800 to be expended in
modeling eighteen statues, represent
ing eminent men in the fields of art,
science, culture and learning. These
statues will be placed on the upper
facade of the new university library,
now being built.
Horace C. Henry, Seattle art patron,
liiis recently Riven the University of
Washington $1800 to be expended in
modeling eighteen statues, represent
ing eminent men in the fields of art,
science, culture and learning. These
statues will be placed on the upper
facade of the new university library,
now being built.
Horace C. Henry, Seattle art patron,
liiis recently Riven the University of
Washington $1800 to be expended in
modeling eighteen statues, represent
ing eminent men in the fields of art,
science, culture and learning. These
statues will be placed on the upper
facade of the new university library,
now being built.
Horace C. Henry, Seattle art patron,
liiis recently Riven the University of
Washington $1800 to be expended in
modeling eighteen statues, represent
ing eminent men in the fields of art,
science, culture and learning. These
statues will be placed on the upper
facade of the new university library,
now being built.
Horace C. Henry, Seattle art patron,
liiis recently Riven the University of
Washington $1800 to be expended in
modeling eighteen statues, represent
ing eminent men in the fields of art,
science, culture and learning. These
statues will be placed on the upper
facade of the new university library,
now being built.
Horace C. Henry, Seattle art patron,
liiis recently Riven the University of
Washington $1800 to be expended in
modeling eighteen statues, represent
ing eminent men in the fields of art,
science, culture and learning. These
statues will be placed on the upper
facade of the new university library,
now being built.
Horace C. Henry, Seattle art patron,
liiis recently Riven the University of
Washington $1800 to be expended in
modeling eighteen statues, represent
ing eminent men in the fields of art,
science, culture and learning. These
statues will be placed on the upper
facade of the new university library,
now being built.
Horace C. Henry, Seattle art patron,
liiis recently Riven the University of
Washington $1800 to be expended in
modeling eighteen statues, represent
ing eminent men in the fields of art,
science, culture and learning. These
statues will be placed on the upper
facade of the new university library,
now being built.
Horace C. Henry, Seattle art patron,
liiis recently Riven the University of
Washington $1800 to be expended in
modeling eighteen statues, represent
ing eminent men in the fields of art,
science, culture and learning. These
statues will be placed on the upper
facade of the new university library,
now being built.
Horace C. Henry, Seattle art patron,
liiis recently Riven the University of
Washington $1800 to be expended in
modeling eighteen statues, represent
ing eminent men in the fields of art,
science, culture and learning. These
statues will be placed on the upper
facade of the new university library,
now being built.
Horace C. Henry, Seattle art patron,
liiis recently Riven the University of
Washington $1800 to be expended in
modeling eighteen statues, represent
ing eminent men in the fields of art,
science, culture and learning. These
statues will be placed on the upper
facade of the new university library,
now being built.
Horace C. Henry, Seattle art patron,
liiis recently Riven the University of
Washington $1800 to be expended in
modeling eighteen statues, represent
ing eminent men in the fields of art,
science, culture and learning. These
statues will be placed on the upper
facade of the new university library,
now being built.
Horace C. Henry, Seattle art patron,
liiis recently Riven the University of
Washington $1800 to be expended in
modeling eighteen statues, represent
ing eminent men in the fields of art,
science, culture and learning. These
statues will be placed on the upper
facade of the new university library,
now being built.
Horace C. Henry, Seattle art patron,
liiis recently Riven the University of
Washington $1800 to be expended in
modeling eighteen statues, represent
ing eminent men in the fields of art,
science, culture and learning. These
statues will be placed on the upper
facade of the new university library,
now being built.
Horace C. Henry, Seattle art patron,
liiis recently Riven the University of
Washington $1800 to be expended in
modeling eighteen statues, represent
ing eminent men in the fields of art,
science, culture and learning. These
statues will be placed on the upper
facade of the new university library,
now being built.
Horace C. Henry, Seattle art patron,
liiis recently Riven the University of
Washington $1800 to be expended in
modeling eighteen statues, represent
ing eminent men in the fields of art,
science, culture and learning. These
statues will be placed on the upper
facade of the new university library,
now being built.
