# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
% _
S Why'go barefoot - jl
gjwhen you can get aH
swell pair of
I SADDLE SHOES |
for only
| $10.95 1
| Rjrxr* &sw9
% _
S Why'go barefoot - jl
gjwhen you can get aH
swell pair of
I SADDLE SHOES |
for only
| $10.95 1
| Rjrxr* &sw9
% _
S Why'go barefoot - jl
gjwhen you can get aH
swell pair of
I SADDLE SHOES |
for only
| $10.95 1
| Rjrxr* &sw9
% _
S Why'go barefoot - jl
gjwhen you can get aH
swell pair of
I SADDLE SHOES |
for only
| $10.95 1
| Rjrxr* &sw9
% _
S Why'go barefoot - jl
gjwhen you can get aH
swell pair of
I SADDLE SHOES |
for only
| $10.95 1
| Rjrxr* &sw9
% _
S Why'go barefoot - jl
gjwhen you can get aH
swell pair of
I SADDLE SHOES |
for only
| $10.95 1
| Rjrxr* &sw9
% _
S Why'go barefoot - jl
gjwhen you can get aH
swell pair of
I SADDLE SHOES |
for only
| $10.95 1
| Rjrxr* &sw9
% _
S Why'go barefoot - jl
gjwhen you can get aH
swell pair of
I SADDLE SHOES |
for only
| $10.95 1
| Rjrxr* &sw9
% _
S Why'go barefoot - jl
gjwhen you can get aH
swell pair of
I SADDLE SHOES |
for only
| $10.95 1
| Rjrxr* &sw9
% _
S Why'go barefoot - jl
gjwhen you can get aH
swell pair of
I SADDLE SHOES |
for only
| $10.95 1
| Rjrxr* &sw9
% _
S Why'go barefoot - jl
gjwhen you can get aH
swell pair of
I SADDLE SHOES |
for only
| $10.95 1
| Rjrxr* &sw9
% _
S Why'go barefoot - jl
gjwhen you can get aH
swell pair of
I SADDLE SHOES |
for only
| $10.95 1
| Rjrxr* &sw9
% _
S Why'go barefoot - jl
gjwhen you can get aH
swell pair of
I SADDLE SHOES |
for only
| $10.95 1
| Rjrxr* &sw9
% _
S Why'go barefoot - jl
gjwhen you can get aH
swell pair of
I SADDLE SHOES |
for only
| $10.95 1
| Rjrxr* &sw9
