# IM Wrestling
## 
### 
For all those interested in
pulling some hair and choking
some throats the Intramural
Wrestling Tournament will be held
on Friday, February 25th from
7:00 to 9:00 p.m. Weigh-ins will
be on the scales in Encina Gym
across from the Gym Store. The
weight classes are every ten
pounds, except for 190 lb. and
heavyweight. Thus: 115 lb., 125
lb., 135 lb., 145 lb., 155 lb., 165
lb., 175 lb., 190 lb., and hvy.
Attendance at one of the four
clinics is mandatory.
The clinics will be held from
7:30 to 8:30 on Tuesday, Feb.
Ist, Thrusday, Feb. 3rd, Monday,
Feb. 7th, and Thursday, February
10th. Refer questions to David
Reed at the Intramural Office,
321-2300, ext. 4213 or ext. 4270.
