# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Vacation time saw a big advance
ment in the construction of the new
library building between Encina Hall
and the Quad. The arrival of neces
sary materials which had been ex
pected for some time facilitated the
raising of the steel framework of the
building. With the continuance of
good weather and the prompt arrival
of building material the work 011 the
new structure will be rushed on to
rapid completion.
Vacation time saw a big advance
ment in the construction of the new
library building between Encina Hall
and the Quad. The arrival of neces
sary materials which had been ex
pected for some time facilitated the
raising of the steel framework of the
building. With the continuance of
good weather and the prompt arrival
of building material the work 011 the
new structure will be rushed on to
rapid completion.
Vacation time saw a big advance
ment in the construction of the new
library building between Encina Hall
and the Quad. The arrival of neces
sary materials which had been ex
pected for some time facilitated the
raising of the steel framework of the
building. With the continuance of
good weather and the prompt arrival
of building material the work 011 the
new structure will be rushed on to
rapid completion.
Vacation time saw a big advance
ment in the construction of the new
library building between Encina Hall
and the Quad. The arrival of neces
sary materials which had been ex
pected for some time facilitated the
raising of the steel framework of the
building. With the continuance of
good weather and the prompt arrival
of building material the work 011 the
new structure will be rushed on to
rapid completion.
Vacation time saw a big advance
ment in the construction of the new
library building between Encina Hall
and the Quad. The arrival of neces
sary materials which had been ex
pected for some time facilitated the
raising of the steel framework of the
building. With the continuance of
good weather and the prompt arrival
of building material the work 011 the
new structure will be rushed on to
rapid completion.
Vacation time saw a big advance
ment in the construction of the new
library building between Encina Hall
and the Quad. The arrival of neces
sary materials which had been ex
pected for some time facilitated the
raising of the steel framework of the
building. With the continuance of
good weather and the prompt arrival
of building material the work 011 the
new structure will be rushed on to
rapid completion.
Vacation time saw a big advance
ment in the construction of the new
library building between Encina Hall
and the Quad. The arrival of neces
sary materials which had been ex
pected for some time facilitated the
raising of the steel framework of the
building. With the continuance of
good weather and the prompt arrival
of building material the work 011 the
new structure will be rushed on to
rapid completion.
Vacation time saw a big advance
ment in the construction of the new
library building between Encina Hall
and the Quad. The arrival of neces
sary materials which had been ex
pected for some time facilitated the
raising of the steel framework of the
building. With the continuance of
good weather and the prompt arrival
of building material the work 011 the
new structure will be rushed on to
rapid completion.
Vacation time saw a big advance
ment in the construction of the new
library building between Encina Hall
and the Quad. The arrival of neces
sary materials which had been ex
pected for some time facilitated the
raising of the steel framework of the
building. With the continuance of
good weather and the prompt arrival
of building material the work 011 the
new structure will be rushed on to
rapid completion.
Vacation time saw a big advance
ment in the construction of the new
library building between Encina Hall
and the Quad. The arrival of neces
sary materials which had been ex
pected for some time facilitated the
raising of the steel framework of the
building. With the continuance of
good weather and the prompt arrival
of building material the work 011 the
new structure will be rushed on to
rapid completion.
Vacation time saw a big advance
ment in the construction of the new
library building between Encina Hall
and the Quad. The arrival of neces
sary materials which had been ex
pected for some time facilitated the
raising of the steel framework of the
building. With the continuance of
good weather and the prompt arrival
of building material the work 011 the
new structure will be rushed on to
rapid completion.
Vacation time saw a big advance
ment in the construction of the new
library building between Encina Hall
and the Quad. The arrival of neces
sary materials which had been ex
pected for some time facilitated the
raising of the steel framework of the
building. With the continuance of
good weather and the prompt arrival
of building material the work 011 the
new structure will be rushed on to
rapid completion.
Vacation time saw a big advance
ment in the construction of the new
library building between Encina Hall
and the Quad. The arrival of neces
sary materials which had been ex
pected for some time facilitated the
raising of the steel framework of the
building. With the continuance of
good weather and the prompt arrival
of building material the work 011 the
new structure will be rushed on to
rapid completion.
Vacation time saw a big advance
ment in the construction of the new
library building between Encina Hall
and the Quad. The arrival of neces
sary materials which had been ex
pected for some time facilitated the
raising of the steel framework of the
building. With the continuance of
good weather and the prompt arrival
of building material the work 011 the
new structure will be rushed on to
rapid completion.
Vacation time saw a big advance
ment in the construction of the new
library building between Encina Hall
and the Quad. The arrival of neces
sary materials which had been ex
pected for some time facilitated the
raising of the steel framework of the
building. With the continuance of
good weather and the prompt arrival
of building material the work 011 the
new structure will be rushed on to
rapid completion.
Vacation time saw a big advance
ment in the construction of the new
library building between Encina Hall
and the Quad. The arrival of neces
sary materials which had been ex
pected for some time facilitated the
raising of the steel framework of the
building. With the continuance of
good weather and the prompt arrival
of building material the work 011 the
new structure will be rushed on to
rapid completion.
