# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Visitors to the Varsity theater to
night will see a five reel comedy by
Charles Kenyon. a former Stanford
man. The play is called "Kindling."
Visitors to the Varsity theater to
night will see a five reel comedy by
Charles Kenyon. a former Stanford
man. The play is called "Kindling."
Visitors to the Varsity theater to
night will see a five reel comedy by
Charles Kenyon. a former Stanford
man. The play is called "Kindling."
Visitors to the Varsity theater to
night will see a five reel comedy by
Charles Kenyon. a former Stanford
man. The play is called "Kindling."
Visitors to the Varsity theater to
night will see a five reel comedy by
Charles Kenyon. a former Stanford
man. The play is called "Kindling."
Visitors to the Varsity theater to
night will see a five reel comedy by
Charles Kenyon. a former Stanford
man. The play is called "Kindling."
Visitors to the Varsity theater to
night will see a five reel comedy by
Charles Kenyon. a former Stanford
man. The play is called "Kindling."
Visitors to the Varsity theater to
night will see a five reel comedy by
Charles Kenyon. a former Stanford
man. The play is called "Kindling."
Visitors to the Varsity theater to
night will see a five reel comedy by
Charles Kenyon. a former Stanford
man. The play is called "Kindling."
Visitors to the Varsity theater to
night will see a five reel comedy by
Charles Kenyon. a former Stanford
man. The play is called "Kindling."
Visitors to the Varsity theater to
night will see a five reel comedy by
Charles Kenyon. a former Stanford
man. The play is called "Kindling."
Visitors to the Varsity theater to
night will see a five reel comedy by
Charles Kenyon. a former Stanford
man. The play is called "Kindling."
Visitors to the Varsity theater to
night will see a five reel comedy by
Charles Kenyon. a former Stanford
man. The play is called "Kindling."
