# Eighty-four Candidates Try for Sophomore Play Roles
## 
### 
Eighty-four candidates for the soph
omore play, "Hobby Burnit," tried out
before the play committee and Coach
Cyril yesterday afternoon. The sec
ond afternoon of preliminary tryouts
began today at the Cardinal Club.
Chairman of the play committee, J. T.
Reynolds, and Coach Arthur Cyril, ex
pressed themselves well pleased with
material brought to light, except for
a dearth of candidates for feminine
roles. It is expected that more women
will appear in succeeding tryouts to
contest the feminine roles of the
lively comedy.
Sophomores who cannot try out
afternoons this week are requested by
the committee to communicate with
Reynolds at the Kappa Alpha house
and arrange special dates for tryouts.
But one condition is imposed upon
candidates for "Bobby Burnit," that
they pay class dues. More than forty
dollars entered the class treasury
yesterday.
