# Engineers Return From International Meeting At Civic-Auditorium
## 
### 
After an unusually interesting and
in every way successful session the
upperclassmen and professors of the
Engineering department have returned
from the International Engineering
Congress.
The meetings which have been held
during the whole of last week in the
Civic Auditorium of San Francisco
have been well attended throughout.
According to the register, the attend
ance was somewhere near the 900
mark, including representatives from
all parts of the world. Owing to the
prevailing conditions in Europe the
foreign representation was somewhat
curtailed but this was more than off
set by the large attendance from the
United States and South American
countries. Those countries sending
special delegates, regardless of the
war, were France, Spain, Canada,
Switzerland, Sweden, China, Japan,
Cuba, and a number of South Ameri
can republics.
At the closing session short ad
dresses were made by each of the
foreign representatives, by Professor
Wm. F. Durand, chairman of the com
mittee of arrangements and by the
presidents of each of the national en
gineering societies, including Profes
sor C. D. Marx, president of the Amer
ican Society of Civil Engineers.
After an unusually interesting and
in every way successful session the
upperclassmen and professors of the
Engineering department have returned
from the International Engineering
Congress.
The meetings which have been held
during the whole of last week in the
Civic Auditorium of San Francisco
have been well attended throughout.
According to the register, the attend
ance was somewhere near the 900
mark, including representatives from
all parts of the world. Owing to the
prevailing conditions in Europe the
foreign representation was somewhat
curtailed but this was more than off
set by the large attendance from the
United States and South American
countries. Those countries sending
special delegates, regardless of the
war, were France, Spain, Canada,
Switzerland, Sweden, China, Japan,
Cuba, and a number of South Ameri
can republics.
At the closing session short ad
dresses were made by each of the
foreign representatives, by Professor
Wm. F. Durand, chairman of the com
mittee of arrangements and by the
presidents of each of the national en
gineering societies, including Profes
sor C. D. Marx, president of the Amer
ican Society of Civil Engineers.
After an unusually interesting and
in every way successful session the
upperclassmen and professors of the
Engineering department have returned
from the International Engineering
Congress.
The meetings which have been held
during the whole of last week in the
Civic Auditorium of San Francisco
have been well attended throughout.
According to the register, the attend
ance was somewhere near the 900
mark, including representatives from
all parts of the world. Owing to the
prevailing conditions in Europe the
foreign representation was somewhat
curtailed but this was more than off
set by the large attendance from the
United States and South American
countries. Those countries sending
special delegates, regardless of the
war, were France, Spain, Canada,
Switzerland, Sweden, China, Japan,
Cuba, and a number of South Ameri
can republics.
At the closing session short ad
dresses were made by each of the
foreign representatives, by Professor
Wm. F. Durand, chairman of the com
mittee of arrangements and by the
presidents of each of the national en
gineering societies, including Profes
sor C. D. Marx, president of the Amer
ican Society of Civil Engineers.
After an unusually interesting and
in every way successful session the
upperclassmen and professors of the
Engineering department have returned
from the International Engineering
Congress.
The meetings which have been held
during the whole of last week in the
Civic Auditorium of San Francisco
have been well attended throughout.
According to the register, the attend
ance was somewhere near the 900
mark, including representatives from
all parts of the world. Owing to the
prevailing conditions in Europe the
foreign representation was somewhat
curtailed but this was more than off
set by the large attendance from the
United States and South American
countries. Those countries sending
special delegates, regardless of the
war, were France, Spain, Canada,
Switzerland, Sweden, China, Japan,
Cuba, and a number of South Ameri
can republics.
At the closing session short ad
dresses were made by each of the
foreign representatives, by Professor
Wm. F. Durand, chairman of the com
mittee of arrangements and by the
presidents of each of the national en
gineering societies, including Profes
sor C. D. Marx, president of the Amer
ican Society of Civil Engineers.
After an unusually interesting and
in every way successful session the
upperclassmen and professors of the
Engineering department have returned
from the International Engineering
Congress.
The meetings which have been held
during the whole of last week in the
Civic Auditorium of San Francisco
have been well attended throughout.
According to the register, the attend
ance was somewhere near the 900
mark, including representatives from
all parts of the world. Owing to the
prevailing conditions in Europe the
foreign representation was somewhat
curtailed but this was more than off
set by the large attendance from the
United States and South American
countries. Those countries sending
special delegates, regardless of the
war, were France, Spain, Canada,
Switzerland, Sweden, China, Japan,
Cuba, and a number of South Ameri
can republics.
At the closing session short ad
dresses were made by each of the
foreign representatives, by Professor
Wm. F. Durand, chairman of the com
mittee of arrangements and by the
presidents of each of the national en
gineering societies, including Profes
sor C. D. Marx, president of the Amer
ican Society of Civil Engineers.
After an unusually interesting and
in every way successful session the
upperclassmen and professors of the
Engineering department have returned
from the International Engineering
Congress.
The meetings which have been held
during the whole of last week in the
Civic Auditorium of San Francisco
have been well attended throughout.
According to the register, the attend
ance was somewhere near the 900
mark, including representatives from
all parts of the world. Owing to the
prevailing conditions in Europe the
foreign representation was somewhat
curtailed but this was more than off
set by the large attendance from the
United States and South American
countries. Those countries sending
special delegates, regardless of the
war, were France, Spain, Canada,
Switzerland, Sweden, China, Japan,
Cuba, and a number of South Ameri
can republics.
At the closing session short ad
dresses were made by each of the
foreign representatives, by Professor
Wm. F. Durand, chairman of the com
mittee of arrangements and by the
presidents of each of the national en
gineering societies, including Profes
sor C. D. Marx, president of the Amer
ican Society of Civil Engineers.
After an unusually interesting and
in every way successful session the
upperclassmen and professors of the
Engineering department have returned
from the International Engineering
Congress.
The meetings which have been held
during the whole of last week in the
Civic Auditorium of San Francisco
have been well attended throughout.
According to the register, the attend
ance was somewhere near the 900
mark, including representatives from
all parts of the world. Owing to the
prevailing conditions in Europe the
foreign representation was somewhat
curtailed but this was more than off
set by the large attendance from the
United States and South American
countries. Those countries sending
special delegates, regardless of the
war, were France, Spain, Canada,
Switzerland, Sweden, China, Japan,
Cuba, and a number of South Ameri
can republics.
At the closing session short ad
dresses were made by each of the
foreign representatives, by Professor
Wm. F. Durand, chairman of the com
mittee of arrangements and by the
presidents of each of the national en
gineering societies, including Profes
sor C. D. Marx, president of the Amer
ican Society of Civil Engineers.
After an unusually interesting and
in every way successful session the
upperclassmen and professors of the
Engineering department have returned
from the International Engineering
Congress.
The meetings which have been held
during the whole of last week in the
Civic Auditorium of San Francisco
have been well attended throughout.
According to the register, the attend
ance was somewhere near the 900
mark, including representatives from
all parts of the world. Owing to the
prevailing conditions in Europe the
foreign representation was somewhat
curtailed but this was more than off
set by the large attendance from the
United States and South American
countries. Those countries sending
special delegates, regardless of the
war, were France, Spain, Canada,
Switzerland, Sweden, China, Japan,
Cuba, and a number of South Ameri
can republics.
At the closing session short ad
dresses were made by each of the
foreign representatives, by Professor
Wm. F. Durand, chairman of the com
mittee of arrangements and by the
presidents of each of the national en
gineering societies, including Profes
sor C. D. Marx, president of the Amer
ican Society of Civil Engineers.
After an unusually interesting and
in every way successful session the
upperclassmen and professors of the
Engineering department have returned
from the International Engineering
Congress.
The meetings which have been held
during the whole of last week in the
Civic Auditorium of San Francisco
have been well attended throughout.
According to the register, the attend
ance was somewhere near the 900
mark, including representatives from
all parts of the world. Owing to the
prevailing conditions in Europe the
foreign representation was somewhat
curtailed but this was more than off
set by the large attendance from the
United States and South American
countries. Those countries sending
special delegates, regardless of the
war, were France, Spain, Canada,
Switzerland, Sweden, China, Japan,
Cuba, and a number of South Ameri
can republics.
At the closing session short ad
dresses were made by each of the
foreign representatives, by Professor
Wm. F. Durand, chairman of the com
mittee of arrangements and by the
presidents of each of the national en
gineering societies, including Profes
sor C. D. Marx, president of the Amer
ican Society of Civil Engineers.
After an unusually interesting and
in every way successful session the
upperclassmen and professors of the
Engineering department have returned
from the International Engineering
Congress.
The meetings which have been held
during the whole of last week in the
Civic Auditorium of San Francisco
have been well attended throughout.
According to the register, the attend
ance was somewhere near the 900
mark, including representatives from
all parts of the world. Owing to the
prevailing conditions in Europe the
foreign representation was somewhat
curtailed but this was more than off
set by the large attendance from the
United States and South American
countries. Those countries sending
special delegates, regardless of the
war, were France, Spain, Canada,
Switzerland, Sweden, China, Japan,
Cuba, and a number of South Ameri
can republics.
At the closing session short ad
dresses were made by each of the
foreign representatives, by Professor
Wm. F. Durand, chairman of the com
mittee of arrangements and by the
presidents of each of the national en
gineering societies, including Profes
sor C. D. Marx, president of the Amer
ican Society of Civil Engineers.
After an unusually interesting and
in every way successful session the
upperclassmen and professors of the
Engineering department have returned
from the International Engineering
Congress.
The meetings which have been held
during the whole of last week in the
Civic Auditorium of San Francisco
have been well attended throughout.
According to the register, the attend
ance was somewhere near the 900
mark, including representatives from
all parts of the world. Owing to the
prevailing conditions in Europe the
foreign representation was somewhat
curtailed but this was more than off
set by the large attendance from the
United States and South American
countries. Those countries sending
special delegates, regardless of the
war, were France, Spain, Canada,
Switzerland, Sweden, China, Japan,
Cuba, and a number of South Ameri
can republics.
At the closing session short ad
dresses were made by each of the
foreign representatives, by Professor
Wm. F. Durand, chairman of the com
mittee of arrangements and by the
presidents of each of the national en
gineering societies, including Profes
sor C. D. Marx, president of the Amer
ican Society of Civil Engineers.
After an unusually interesting and
in every way successful session the
upperclassmen and professors of the
Engineering department have returned
from the International Engineering
Congress.
The meetings which have been held
during the whole of last week in the
Civic Auditorium of San Francisco
have been well attended throughout.
According to the register, the attend
ance was somewhere near the 900
mark, including representatives from
all parts of the world. Owing to the
prevailing conditions in Europe the
foreign representation was somewhat
curtailed but this was more than off
set by the large attendance from the
United States and South American
countries. Those countries sending
special delegates, regardless of the
war, were France, Spain, Canada,
Switzerland, Sweden, China, Japan,
Cuba, and a number of South Ameri
can republics.
At the closing session short ad
dresses were made by each of the
foreign representatives, by Professor
Wm. F. Durand, chairman of the com
mittee of arrangements and by the
presidents of each of the national en
gineering societies, including Profes
sor C. D. Marx, president of the Amer
ican Society of Civil Engineers.
After an unusually interesting and
in every way successful session the
upperclassmen and professors of the
Engineering department have returned
from the International Engineering
Congress.
The meetings which have been held
during the whole of last week in the
Civic Auditorium of San Francisco
have been well attended throughout.
According to the register, the attend
ance was somewhere near the 900
mark, including representatives from
all parts of the world. Owing to the
prevailing conditions in Europe the
foreign representation was somewhat
curtailed but this was more than off
set by the large attendance from the
United States and South American
countries. Those countries sending
special delegates, regardless of the
war, were France, Spain, Canada,
Switzerland, Sweden, China, Japan,
Cuba, and a number of South Ameri
can republics.
At the closing session short ad
dresses were made by each of the
foreign representatives, by Professor
Wm. F. Durand, chairman of the com
mittee of arrangements and by the
presidents of each of the national en
gineering societies, including Profes
sor C. D. Marx, president of the Amer
ican Society of Civil Engineers.
