# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Dorothy Oneal, '49,
Ventura house president, from El
lensburg, Wash., to James Car
mody, student at Central Washing
ton College of Education, from El
lensburg, Wash.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Dorothy Oneal, '49,
Ventura house president, from El
lensburg, Wash., to James Car
mody, student at Central Washing
ton College of Education, from El
lensburg, Wash.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Dorothy Oneal, '49,
Ventura house president, from El
lensburg, Wash., to James Car
mody, student at Central Washing
ton College of Education, from El
lensburg, Wash.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Dorothy Oneal, '49,
Ventura house president, from El
lensburg, Wash., to James Car
mody, student at Central Washing
ton College of Education, from El
lensburg, Wash.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Dorothy Oneal, '49,
Ventura house president, from El
lensburg, Wash., to James Car
mody, student at Central Washing
ton College of Education, from El
lensburg, Wash.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Dorothy Oneal, '49,
Ventura house president, from El
lensburg, Wash., to James Car
mody, student at Central Washing
ton College of Education, from El
lensburg, Wash.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Dorothy Oneal, '49,
Ventura house president, from El
lensburg, Wash., to James Car
mody, student at Central Washing
ton College of Education, from El
lensburg, Wash.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Dorothy Oneal, '49,
Ventura house president, from El
lensburg, Wash., to James Car
mody, student at Central Washing
ton College of Education, from El
lensburg, Wash.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Dorothy Oneal, '49,
Ventura house president, from El
lensburg, Wash., to James Car
mody, student at Central Washing
ton College of Education, from El
lensburg, Wash.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Dorothy Oneal, '49,
Ventura house president, from El
lensburg, Wash., to James Car
mody, student at Central Washing
ton College of Education, from El
lensburg, Wash.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Dorothy Oneal, '49,
Ventura house president, from El
lensburg, Wash., to James Car
mody, student at Central Washing
ton College of Education, from El
lensburg, Wash.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Dorothy Oneal, '49,
Ventura house president, from El
lensburg, Wash., to James Car
mody, student at Central Washing
ton College of Education, from El
lensburg, Wash.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Dorothy Oneal, '49,
Ventura house president, from El
lensburg, Wash., to James Car
mody, student at Central Washing
ton College of Education, from El
lensburg, Wash.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Dorothy Oneal, '49,
Ventura house president, from El
lensburg, Wash., to James Car
mody, student at Central Washing
ton College of Education, from El
lensburg, Wash.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Dorothy Oneal, '49,
Ventura house president, from El
lensburg, Wash., to James Car
mody, student at Central Washing
ton College of Education, from El
lensburg, Wash.
