# A 						SPRY 200
## 
### 
ESHER, Eng., Jan. 6 (/P).— Dr.
Marice Ernest, a biologist who has
studied longevity 46 years, said to
day people ought to live to be 200
years old. He aims to do it. He has
123 years to go.
ESHER, Eng., Jan. 6 (/P).— Dr.
Marice Ernest, a biologist who has
studied longevity 46 years, said to
day people ought to live to be 200
years old. He aims to do it. He has
123 years to go.
ESHER, Eng., Jan. 6 (/P).— Dr.
Marice Ernest, a biologist who has
studied longevity 46 years, said to
day people ought to live to be 200
years old. He aims to do it. He has
123 years to go.
ESHER, Eng., Jan. 6 (/P).— Dr.
Marice Ernest, a biologist who has
studied longevity 46 years, said to
day people ought to live to be 200
years old. He aims to do it. He has
123 years to go.
ESHER, Eng., Jan. 6 (/P).— Dr.
Marice Ernest, a biologist who has
studied longevity 46 years, said to
day people ought to live to be 200
years old. He aims to do it. He has
123 years to go.
ESHER, Eng., Jan. 6 (/P).— Dr.
Marice Ernest, a biologist who has
studied longevity 46 years, said to
day people ought to live to be 200
years old. He aims to do it. He has
123 years to go.
ESHER, Eng., Jan. 6 (/P).— Dr.
Marice Ernest, a biologist who has
studied longevity 46 years, said to
day people ought to live to be 200
years old. He aims to do it. He has
123 years to go.
ESHER, Eng., Jan. 6 (/P).— Dr.
Marice Ernest, a biologist who has
studied longevity 46 years, said to
day people ought to live to be 200
years old. He aims to do it. He has
123 years to go.
ESHER, Eng., Jan. 6 (/P).— Dr.
Marice Ernest, a biologist who has
studied longevity 46 years, said to
day people ought to live to be 200
years old. He aims to do it. He has
123 years to go.
ESHER, Eng., Jan. 6 (/P).— Dr.
Marice Ernest, a biologist who has
studied longevity 46 years, said to
day people ought to live to be 200
years old. He aims to do it. He has
123 years to go.
ESHER, Eng., Jan. 6 (/P).— Dr.
Marice Ernest, a biologist who has
studied longevity 46 years, said to
day people ought to live to be 200
years old. He aims to do it. He has
123 years to go.
ESHER, Eng., Jan. 6 (/P).— Dr.
Marice Ernest, a biologist who has
studied longevity 46 years, said to
day people ought to live to be 200
years old. He aims to do it. He has
123 years to go.
ESHER, Eng., Jan. 6 (/P).— Dr.
Marice Ernest, a biologist who has
studied longevity 46 years, said to
day people ought to live to be 200
years old. He aims to do it. He has
123 years to go.
ESHER, Eng., Jan. 6 (/P).— Dr.
Marice Ernest, a biologist who has
studied longevity 46 years, said to
day people ought to live to be 200
years old. He aims to do it. He has
123 years to go.
ESHER, Eng., Jan. 6 (/P).— Dr.
Marice Ernest, a biologist who has
studied longevity 46 years, said to
day people ought to live to be 200
years old. He aims to do it. He has
123 years to go.
