# AUDIENCE WILL FEEL STRENGTH OF "7 KEYS"
## 
### 
If .in Assembly Hall audience ever
folt tho atmosphere of the drama upon
the stage, it will be tomorrow eve
ning's audience more than any in the
past tbat feels itself with the play
ers.
There will bo many clenched flsts to
morrow night, dnring "Seven Keys to
Haldpate," and half the audience will
find itself leaning forward in antici
pation. Everything combines to create
for Sword and Sandals' offering, a play
that will hold fifteen hundred people
firmly in its grasp: A cast of veteran
actors, so perfected that an audience
can forget that it is viewing ama
teurs; one of the most unusual plays
ever written, and a stage setting
which for impressiveness and beauty
has never been equalled in Stanford
dramatics.
If the sale of tickets continues to
climb this afternoon and tomorrow
as steadily as since the opening Tues
day, Sword and Sandals will be able
to claim a record for "Seven Keys."
Both the Bookstore and Weingartner's
report that pasteboards are being
snapped up rapidly.
If .in Assembly Hall audience ever
folt tho atmosphere of the drama upon
the stage, it will be tomorrow eve
ning's audience more than any in the
past tbat feels itself with the play
ers.
There will bo many clenched flsts to
morrow night, dnring "Seven Keys to
Haldpate," and half the audience will
find itself leaning forward in antici
pation. Everything combines to create
for Sword and Sandals' offering, a play
that will hold fifteen hundred people
firmly in its grasp: A cast of veteran
actors, so perfected that an audience
can forget that it is viewing ama
teurs; one of the most unusual plays
ever written, and a stage setting
which for impressiveness and beauty
has never been equalled in Stanford
dramatics.
If the sale of tickets continues to
climb this afternoon and tomorrow
as steadily as since the opening Tues
day, Sword and Sandals will be able
to claim a record for "Seven Keys."
Both the Bookstore and Weingartner's
report that pasteboards are being
snapped up rapidly.
If .in Assembly Hall audience ever
folt tho atmosphere of the drama upon
the stage, it will be tomorrow eve
ning's audience more than any in the
past tbat feels itself with the play
ers.
There will bo many clenched flsts to
morrow night, dnring "Seven Keys to
Haldpate," and half the audience will
find itself leaning forward in antici
pation. Everything combines to create
for Sword and Sandals' offering, a play
that will hold fifteen hundred people
firmly in its grasp: A cast of veteran
actors, so perfected that an audience
can forget that it is viewing ama
teurs; one of the most unusual plays
ever written, and a stage setting
which for impressiveness and beauty
has never been equalled in Stanford
dramatics.
If the sale of tickets continues to
climb this afternoon and tomorrow
as steadily as since the opening Tues
day, Sword and Sandals will be able
to claim a record for "Seven Keys."
Both the Bookstore and Weingartner's
report that pasteboards are being
snapped up rapidly.
If .in Assembly Hall audience ever
folt tho atmosphere of the drama upon
the stage, it will be tomorrow eve
ning's audience more than any in the
past tbat feels itself with the play
ers.
There will bo many clenched flsts to
morrow night, dnring "Seven Keys to
Haldpate," and half the audience will
find itself leaning forward in antici
pation. Everything combines to create
for Sword and Sandals' offering, a play
that will hold fifteen hundred people
firmly in its grasp: A cast of veteran
actors, so perfected that an audience
can forget that it is viewing ama
teurs; one of the most unusual plays
ever written, and a stage setting
which for impressiveness and beauty
has never been equalled in Stanford
dramatics.
If the sale of tickets continues to
climb this afternoon and tomorrow
as steadily as since the opening Tues
day, Sword and Sandals will be able
to claim a record for "Seven Keys."
Both the Bookstore and Weingartner's
report that pasteboards are being
snapped up rapidly.
If .in Assembly Hall audience ever
folt tho atmosphere of the drama upon
the stage, it will be tomorrow eve
ning's audience more than any in the
past tbat feels itself with the play
ers.
There will bo many clenched flsts to
morrow night, dnring "Seven Keys to
Haldpate," and half the audience will
find itself leaning forward in antici
pation. Everything combines to create
for Sword and Sandals' offering, a play
that will hold fifteen hundred people
firmly in its grasp: A cast of veteran
actors, so perfected that an audience
can forget that it is viewing ama
teurs; one of the most unusual plays
ever written, and a stage setting
which for impressiveness and beauty
has never been equalled in Stanford
dramatics.
If the sale of tickets continues to
climb this afternoon and tomorrow
as steadily as since the opening Tues
day, Sword and Sandals will be able
to claim a record for "Seven Keys."
Both the Bookstore and Weingartner's
report that pasteboards are being
snapped up rapidly.
If .in Assembly Hall audience ever
folt tho atmosphere of the drama upon
the stage, it will be tomorrow eve
ning's audience more than any in the
past tbat feels itself with the play
ers.
There will bo many clenched flsts to
morrow night, dnring "Seven Keys to
Haldpate," and half the audience will
find itself leaning forward in antici
pation. Everything combines to create
for Sword and Sandals' offering, a play
that will hold fifteen hundred people
firmly in its grasp: A cast of veteran
actors, so perfected that an audience
can forget that it is viewing ama
teurs; one of the most unusual plays
ever written, and a stage setting
which for impressiveness and beauty
has never been equalled in Stanford
dramatics.
If the sale of tickets continues to
climb this afternoon and tomorrow
as steadily as since the opening Tues
day, Sword and Sandals will be able
to claim a record for "Seven Keys."
Both the Bookstore and Weingartner's
report that pasteboards are being
snapped up rapidly.
If .in Assembly Hall audience ever
folt tho atmosphere of the drama upon
the stage, it will be tomorrow eve
ning's audience more than any in the
past tbat feels itself with the play
ers.
There will bo many clenched flsts to
morrow night, dnring "Seven Keys to
Haldpate," and half the audience will
find itself leaning forward in antici
pation. Everything combines to create
for Sword and Sandals' offering, a play
that will hold fifteen hundred people
firmly in its grasp: A cast of veteran
actors, so perfected that an audience
can forget that it is viewing ama
teurs; one of the most unusual plays
ever written, and a stage setting
which for impressiveness and beauty
has never been equalled in Stanford
dramatics.
If the sale of tickets continues to
climb this afternoon and tomorrow
as steadily as since the opening Tues
day, Sword and Sandals will be able
to claim a record for "Seven Keys."
Both the Bookstore and Weingartner's
report that pasteboards are being
snapped up rapidly.
If .in Assembly Hall audience ever
folt tho atmosphere of the drama upon
the stage, it will be tomorrow eve
ning's audience more than any in the
past tbat feels itself with the play
ers.
There will bo many clenched flsts to
morrow night, dnring "Seven Keys to
Haldpate," and half the audience will
find itself leaning forward in antici
pation. Everything combines to create
for Sword and Sandals' offering, a play
that will hold fifteen hundred people
firmly in its grasp: A cast of veteran
actors, so perfected that an audience
can forget that it is viewing ama
teurs; one of the most unusual plays
ever written, and a stage setting
which for impressiveness and beauty
has never been equalled in Stanford
dramatics.
If the sale of tickets continues to
climb this afternoon and tomorrow
as steadily as since the opening Tues
day, Sword and Sandals will be able
to claim a record for "Seven Keys."
Both the Bookstore and Weingartner's
report that pasteboards are being
snapped up rapidly.
If .in Assembly Hall audience ever
folt tho atmosphere of the drama upon
the stage, it will be tomorrow eve
ning's audience more than any in the
past tbat feels itself with the play
ers.
There will bo many clenched flsts to
morrow night, dnring "Seven Keys to
Haldpate," and half the audience will
find itself leaning forward in antici
pation. Everything combines to create
for Sword and Sandals' offering, a play
that will hold fifteen hundred people
firmly in its grasp: A cast of veteran
actors, so perfected that an audience
can forget that it is viewing ama
teurs; one of the most unusual plays
ever written, and a stage setting
which for impressiveness and beauty
has never been equalled in Stanford
dramatics.
If the sale of tickets continues to
climb this afternoon and tomorrow
as steadily as since the opening Tues
day, Sword and Sandals will be able
to claim a record for "Seven Keys."
Both the Bookstore and Weingartner's
report that pasteboards are being
snapped up rapidly.
If .in Assembly Hall audience ever
folt tho atmosphere of the drama upon
the stage, it will be tomorrow eve
ning's audience more than any in the
past tbat feels itself with the play
ers.
There will bo many clenched flsts to
morrow night, dnring "Seven Keys to
Haldpate," and half the audience will
find itself leaning forward in antici
pation. Everything combines to create
for Sword and Sandals' offering, a play
that will hold fifteen hundred people
firmly in its grasp: A cast of veteran
actors, so perfected that an audience
can forget that it is viewing ama
teurs; one of the most unusual plays
ever written, and a stage setting
which for impressiveness and beauty
has never been equalled in Stanford
dramatics.
If the sale of tickets continues to
climb this afternoon and tomorrow
as steadily as since the opening Tues
day, Sword and Sandals will be able
to claim a record for "Seven Keys."
Both the Bookstore and Weingartner's
report that pasteboards are being
snapped up rapidly.
If .in Assembly Hall audience ever
folt tho atmosphere of the drama upon
the stage, it will be tomorrow eve
ning's audience more than any in the
past tbat feels itself with the play
ers.
There will bo many clenched flsts to
morrow night, dnring "Seven Keys to
Haldpate," and half the audience will
find itself leaning forward in antici
pation. Everything combines to create
for Sword and Sandals' offering, a play
that will hold fifteen hundred people
firmly in its grasp: A cast of veteran
actors, so perfected that an audience
can forget that it is viewing ama
teurs; one of the most unusual plays
ever written, and a stage setting
which for impressiveness and beauty
has never been equalled in Stanford
dramatics.
If the sale of tickets continues to
climb this afternoon and tomorrow
as steadily as since the opening Tues
day, Sword and Sandals will be able
to claim a record for "Seven Keys."
Both the Bookstore and Weingartner's
report that pasteboards are being
snapped up rapidly.
If .in Assembly Hall audience ever
folt tho atmosphere of the drama upon
the stage, it will be tomorrow eve
ning's audience more than any in the
past tbat feels itself with the play
ers.
There will bo many clenched flsts to
morrow night, dnring "Seven Keys to
Haldpate," and half the audience will
find itself leaning forward in antici
pation. Everything combines to create
for Sword and Sandals' offering, a play
that will hold fifteen hundred people
firmly in its grasp: A cast of veteran
actors, so perfected that an audience
can forget that it is viewing ama
teurs; one of the most unusual plays
ever written, and a stage setting
which for impressiveness and beauty
has never been equalled in Stanford
dramatics.
If the sale of tickets continues to
climb this afternoon and tomorrow
as steadily as since the opening Tues
day, Sword and Sandals will be able
to claim a record for "Seven Keys."
Both the Bookstore and Weingartner's
report that pasteboards are being
snapped up rapidly.
If .in Assembly Hall audience ever
folt tho atmosphere of the drama upon
the stage, it will be tomorrow eve
ning's audience more than any in the
past tbat feels itself with the play
ers.
There will bo many clenched flsts to
morrow night, dnring "Seven Keys to
Haldpate," and half the audience will
find itself leaning forward in antici
pation. Everything combines to create
for Sword and Sandals' offering, a play
that will hold fifteen hundred people
firmly in its grasp: A cast of veteran
actors, so perfected that an audience
can forget that it is viewing ama
teurs; one of the most unusual plays
ever written, and a stage setting
which for impressiveness and beauty
has never been equalled in Stanford
dramatics.
If the sale of tickets continues to
climb this afternoon and tomorrow
as steadily as since the opening Tues
day, Sword and Sandals will be able
to claim a record for "Seven Keys."
Both the Bookstore and Weingartner's
report that pasteboards are being
snapped up rapidly.
If .in Assembly Hall audience ever
folt tho atmosphere of the drama upon
the stage, it will be tomorrow eve
ning's audience more than any in the
past tbat feels itself with the play
ers.
There will bo many clenched flsts to
morrow night, dnring "Seven Keys to
Haldpate," and half the audience will
find itself leaning forward in antici
pation. Everything combines to create
for Sword and Sandals' offering, a play
that will hold fifteen hundred people
firmly in its grasp: A cast of veteran
actors, so perfected that an audience
can forget that it is viewing ama
teurs; one of the most unusual plays
ever written, and a stage setting
which for impressiveness and beauty
has never been equalled in Stanford
dramatics.
If the sale of tickets continues to
climb this afternoon and tomorrow
as steadily as since the opening Tues
day, Sword and Sandals will be able
to claim a record for "Seven Keys."
Both the Bookstore and Weingartner's
report that pasteboards are being
snapped up rapidly.
