# Fifteen Enter In Inter-Fraternity Basketball League
## 
### 
Representatives of the fraternities
and clubs entered in the Tnter-Fra
ternitv Basketball League will meet
tomorrow at 1 o'clock in the Union to
draw ui) a schedule for the series of
games, the first two of which will be
played Monday afternoon at 4:. r >o
o'clock.
The fifteen fraternities and clubs
who have so far entered in the league
to compete for a perpetual trophy cup
are Breakers Club, El Campo Club,
Chi Psi, Alpha Delta Phi, Delta Chi,
Delta Upsilon, Beta Theta Pi, Kappa
Sigma, Sigma Nu, Phi Delta Theta,
Plii Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa Psi,
Alpha Tau Omega, Theta Delta Clii,
and Delta Kappa Epsilon. Others
have signified their intention of en
tering.
.T. M. Wallacc, '17, who is managing
the games, announces that a dollar
fee will be required for each en
trant as a guarantee that appoint
ments for games will be kept. This
dollar will be collected tomorrow at
the time of making out the schedule
of games. The fee will be forfeited
in case a team does not appear as
scheduled, and will be returned if the
condition is carried out. The pre
liminary games for the purpose of
elimination will be played two in an
afternoon, while the final contests
will take place in the evening.
Fraternities desiring to enter, but
not having done so, should send a rep
resentative to tomorrow afternoon's
meeting, announces Wallace.
Representatives of the fraternities
and clubs entered in the Tnter-Fra
ternitv Basketball League will meet
tomorrow at 1 o'clock in the Union to
draw ui) a schedule for the series of
games, the first two of which will be
played Monday afternoon at 4:. r >o
o'clock.
The fifteen fraternities and clubs
who have so far entered in the league
to compete for a perpetual trophy cup
are Breakers Club, El Campo Club,
Chi Psi, Alpha Delta Phi, Delta Chi,
Delta Upsilon, Beta Theta Pi, Kappa
Sigma, Sigma Nu, Phi Delta Theta,
Plii Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa Psi,
Alpha Tau Omega, Theta Delta Clii,
and Delta Kappa Epsilon. Others
have signified their intention of en
tering.
.T. M. Wallacc, '17, who is managing
the games, announces that a dollar
fee will be required for each en
trant as a guarantee that appoint
ments for games will be kept. This
dollar will be collected tomorrow at
the time of making out the schedule
of games. The fee will be forfeited
in case a team does not appear as
scheduled, and will be returned if the
condition is carried out. The pre
liminary games for the purpose of
elimination will be played two in an
afternoon, while the final contests
will take place in the evening.
Fraternities desiring to enter, but
not having done so, should send a rep
resentative to tomorrow afternoon's
meeting, announces Wallace.
Representatives of the fraternities
and clubs entered in the Tnter-Fra
ternitv Basketball League will meet
tomorrow at 1 o'clock in the Union to
draw ui) a schedule for the series of
games, the first two of which will be
played Monday afternoon at 4:. r >o
o'clock.
The fifteen fraternities and clubs
who have so far entered in the league
to compete for a perpetual trophy cup
are Breakers Club, El Campo Club,
Chi Psi, Alpha Delta Phi, Delta Chi,
Delta Upsilon, Beta Theta Pi, Kappa
Sigma, Sigma Nu, Phi Delta Theta,
Plii Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa Psi,
Alpha Tau Omega, Theta Delta Clii,
and Delta Kappa Epsilon. Others
have signified their intention of en
tering.
.T. M. Wallacc, '17, who is managing
the games, announces that a dollar
fee will be required for each en
trant as a guarantee that appoint
ments for games will be kept. This
dollar will be collected tomorrow at
the time of making out the schedule
of games. The fee will be forfeited
in case a team does not appear as
scheduled, and will be returned if the
condition is carried out. The pre
liminary games for the purpose of
elimination will be played two in an
afternoon, while the final contests
will take place in the evening.
Fraternities desiring to enter, but
not having done so, should send a rep
resentative to tomorrow afternoon's
meeting, announces Wallace.
Representatives of the fraternities
and clubs entered in the Tnter-Fra
ternitv Basketball League will meet
tomorrow at 1 o'clock in the Union to
draw ui) a schedule for the series of
games, the first two of which will be
played Monday afternoon at 4:. r >o
o'clock.
The fifteen fraternities and clubs
who have so far entered in the league
to compete for a perpetual trophy cup
are Breakers Club, El Campo Club,
Chi Psi, Alpha Delta Phi, Delta Chi,
Delta Upsilon, Beta Theta Pi, Kappa
Sigma, Sigma Nu, Phi Delta Theta,
Plii Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa Psi,
Alpha Tau Omega, Theta Delta Clii,
and Delta Kappa Epsilon. Others
have signified their intention of en
tering.
.T. M. Wallacc, '17, who is managing
the games, announces that a dollar
fee will be required for each en
trant as a guarantee that appoint
ments for games will be kept. This
dollar will be collected tomorrow at
the time of making out the schedule
of games. The fee will be forfeited
in case a team does not appear as
scheduled, and will be returned if the
condition is carried out. The pre
liminary games for the purpose of
elimination will be played two in an
afternoon, while the final contests
will take place in the evening.
Fraternities desiring to enter, but
not having done so, should send a rep
resentative to tomorrow afternoon's
meeting, announces Wallace.
Representatives of the fraternities
and clubs entered in the Tnter-Fra
ternitv Basketball League will meet
tomorrow at 1 o'clock in the Union to
draw ui) a schedule for the series of
games, the first two of which will be
played Monday afternoon at 4:. r >o
o'clock.
The fifteen fraternities and clubs
who have so far entered in the league
to compete for a perpetual trophy cup
are Breakers Club, El Campo Club,
Chi Psi, Alpha Delta Phi, Delta Chi,
Delta Upsilon, Beta Theta Pi, Kappa
Sigma, Sigma Nu, Phi Delta Theta,
Plii Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa Psi,
Alpha Tau Omega, Theta Delta Clii,
and Delta Kappa Epsilon. Others
have signified their intention of en
tering.
.T. M. Wallacc, '17, who is managing
the games, announces that a dollar
fee will be required for each en
trant as a guarantee that appoint
ments for games will be kept. This
dollar will be collected tomorrow at
the time of making out the schedule
of games. The fee will be forfeited
in case a team does not appear as
scheduled, and will be returned if the
condition is carried out. The pre
liminary games for the purpose of
elimination will be played two in an
afternoon, while the final contests
will take place in the evening.
Fraternities desiring to enter, but
not having done so, should send a rep
resentative to tomorrow afternoon's
meeting, announces Wallace.
Representatives of the fraternities
and clubs entered in the Tnter-Fra
ternitv Basketball League will meet
tomorrow at 1 o'clock in the Union to
draw ui) a schedule for the series of
games, the first two of which will be
played Monday afternoon at 4:. r >o
o'clock.
The fifteen fraternities and clubs
who have so far entered in the league
to compete for a perpetual trophy cup
are Breakers Club, El Campo Club,
Chi Psi, Alpha Delta Phi, Delta Chi,
Delta Upsilon, Beta Theta Pi, Kappa
Sigma, Sigma Nu, Phi Delta Theta,
Plii Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa Psi,
Alpha Tau Omega, Theta Delta Clii,
and Delta Kappa Epsilon. Others
have signified their intention of en
tering.
.T. M. Wallacc, '17, who is managing
the games, announces that a dollar
fee will be required for each en
trant as a guarantee that appoint
ments for games will be kept. This
dollar will be collected tomorrow at
the time of making out the schedule
of games. The fee will be forfeited
in case a team does not appear as
scheduled, and will be returned if the
condition is carried out. The pre
liminary games for the purpose of
elimination will be played two in an
afternoon, while the final contests
will take place in the evening.
Fraternities desiring to enter, but
not having done so, should send a rep
resentative to tomorrow afternoon's
meeting, announces Wallace.
Representatives of the fraternities
and clubs entered in the Tnter-Fra
ternitv Basketball League will meet
tomorrow at 1 o'clock in the Union to
draw ui) a schedule for the series of
games, the first two of which will be
played Monday afternoon at 4:. r >o
o'clock.
The fifteen fraternities and clubs
who have so far entered in the league
to compete for a perpetual trophy cup
are Breakers Club, El Campo Club,
Chi Psi, Alpha Delta Phi, Delta Chi,
Delta Upsilon, Beta Theta Pi, Kappa
Sigma, Sigma Nu, Phi Delta Theta,
Plii Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa Psi,
Alpha Tau Omega, Theta Delta Clii,
and Delta Kappa Epsilon. Others
have signified their intention of en
tering.
.T. M. Wallacc, '17, who is managing
the games, announces that a dollar
fee will be required for each en
trant as a guarantee that appoint
ments for games will be kept. This
dollar will be collected tomorrow at
the time of making out the schedule
of games. The fee will be forfeited
in case a team does not appear as
scheduled, and will be returned if the
condition is carried out. The pre
liminary games for the purpose of
elimination will be played two in an
afternoon, while the final contests
will take place in the evening.
Fraternities desiring to enter, but
not having done so, should send a rep
resentative to tomorrow afternoon's
meeting, announces Wallace.
Representatives of the fraternities
and clubs entered in the Tnter-Fra
ternitv Basketball League will meet
tomorrow at 1 o'clock in the Union to
draw ui) a schedule for the series of
games, the first two of which will be
played Monday afternoon at 4:. r >o
o'clock.
The fifteen fraternities and clubs
who have so far entered in the league
to compete for a perpetual trophy cup
are Breakers Club, El Campo Club,
Chi Psi, Alpha Delta Phi, Delta Chi,
Delta Upsilon, Beta Theta Pi, Kappa
Sigma, Sigma Nu, Phi Delta Theta,
Plii Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa Psi,
Alpha Tau Omega, Theta Delta Clii,
and Delta Kappa Epsilon. Others
have signified their intention of en
tering.
.T. M. Wallacc, '17, who is managing
the games, announces that a dollar
fee will be required for each en
trant as a guarantee that appoint
ments for games will be kept. This
dollar will be collected tomorrow at
the time of making out the schedule
of games. The fee will be forfeited
in case a team does not appear as
scheduled, and will be returned if the
condition is carried out. The pre
liminary games for the purpose of
elimination will be played two in an
afternoon, while the final contests
will take place in the evening.
Fraternities desiring to enter, but
not having done so, should send a rep
resentative to tomorrow afternoon's
meeting, announces Wallace.
Representatives of the fraternities
and clubs entered in the Tnter-Fra
ternitv Basketball League will meet
tomorrow at 1 o'clock in the Union to
draw ui) a schedule for the series of
games, the first two of which will be
played Monday afternoon at 4:. r >o
o'clock.
The fifteen fraternities and clubs
who have so far entered in the league
to compete for a perpetual trophy cup
are Breakers Club, El Campo Club,
Chi Psi, Alpha Delta Phi, Delta Chi,
Delta Upsilon, Beta Theta Pi, Kappa
Sigma, Sigma Nu, Phi Delta Theta,
Plii Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa Psi,
Alpha Tau Omega, Theta Delta Clii,
and Delta Kappa Epsilon. Others
have signified their intention of en
tering.
.T. M. Wallacc, '17, who is managing
the games, announces that a dollar
fee will be required for each en
trant as a guarantee that appoint
ments for games will be kept. This
dollar will be collected tomorrow at
the time of making out the schedule
of games. The fee will be forfeited
in case a team does not appear as
scheduled, and will be returned if the
condition is carried out. The pre
liminary games for the purpose of
elimination will be played two in an
afternoon, while the final contests
will take place in the evening.
Fraternities desiring to enter, but
not having done so, should send a rep
resentative to tomorrow afternoon's
meeting, announces Wallace.
Representatives of the fraternities
and clubs entered in the Tnter-Fra
ternitv Basketball League will meet
tomorrow at 1 o'clock in the Union to
draw ui) a schedule for the series of
games, the first two of which will be
played Monday afternoon at 4:. r >o
o'clock.
The fifteen fraternities and clubs
who have so far entered in the league
to compete for a perpetual trophy cup
are Breakers Club, El Campo Club,
Chi Psi, Alpha Delta Phi, Delta Chi,
Delta Upsilon, Beta Theta Pi, Kappa
Sigma, Sigma Nu, Phi Delta Theta,
Plii Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa Psi,
Alpha Tau Omega, Theta Delta Clii,
and Delta Kappa Epsilon. Others
have signified their intention of en
tering.
.T. M. Wallacc, '17, who is managing
the games, announces that a dollar
fee will be required for each en
trant as a guarantee that appoint
ments for games will be kept. This
dollar will be collected tomorrow at
the time of making out the schedule
of games. The fee will be forfeited
in case a team does not appear as
scheduled, and will be returned if the
condition is carried out. The pre
liminary games for the purpose of
elimination will be played two in an
afternoon, while the final contests
will take place in the evening.
Fraternities desiring to enter, but
not having done so, should send a rep
resentative to tomorrow afternoon's
meeting, announces Wallace.
Representatives of the fraternities
and clubs entered in the Tnter-Fra
ternitv Basketball League will meet
tomorrow at 1 o'clock in the Union to
draw ui) a schedule for the series of
games, the first two of which will be
played Monday afternoon at 4:. r >o
o'clock.
The fifteen fraternities and clubs
who have so far entered in the league
to compete for a perpetual trophy cup
are Breakers Club, El Campo Club,
Chi Psi, Alpha Delta Phi, Delta Chi,
Delta Upsilon, Beta Theta Pi, Kappa
Sigma, Sigma Nu, Phi Delta Theta,
Plii Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa Psi,
Alpha Tau Omega, Theta Delta Clii,
and Delta Kappa Epsilon. Others
have signified their intention of en
tering.
.T. M. Wallacc, '17, who is managing
the games, announces that a dollar
fee will be required for each en
trant as a guarantee that appoint
ments for games will be kept. This
dollar will be collected tomorrow at
the time of making out the schedule
of games. The fee will be forfeited
in case a team does not appear as
scheduled, and will be returned if the
condition is carried out. The pre
liminary games for the purpose of
elimination will be played two in an
afternoon, while the final contests
will take place in the evening.
Fraternities desiring to enter, but
not having done so, should send a rep
resentative to tomorrow afternoon's
meeting, announces Wallace.
Representatives of the fraternities
and clubs entered in the Tnter-Fra
ternitv Basketball League will meet
tomorrow at 1 o'clock in the Union to
draw ui) a schedule for the series of
games, the first two of which will be
played Monday afternoon at 4:. r >o
o'clock.
The fifteen fraternities and clubs
who have so far entered in the league
to compete for a perpetual trophy cup
are Breakers Club, El Campo Club,
Chi Psi, Alpha Delta Phi, Delta Chi,
Delta Upsilon, Beta Theta Pi, Kappa
Sigma, Sigma Nu, Phi Delta Theta,
Plii Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa Psi,
Alpha Tau Omega, Theta Delta Clii,
and Delta Kappa Epsilon. Others
have signified their intention of en
tering.
.T. M. Wallacc, '17, who is managing
the games, announces that a dollar
fee will be required for each en
trant as a guarantee that appoint
ments for games will be kept. This
dollar will be collected tomorrow at
the time of making out the schedule
of games. The fee will be forfeited
in case a team does not appear as
scheduled, and will be returned if the
condition is carried out. The pre
liminary games for the purpose of
elimination will be played two in an
afternoon, while the final contests
will take place in the evening.
Fraternities desiring to enter, but
not having done so, should send a rep
resentative to tomorrow afternoon's
meeting, announces Wallace.
Representatives of the fraternities
and clubs entered in the Tnter-Fra
ternitv Basketball League will meet
tomorrow at 1 o'clock in the Union to
draw ui) a schedule for the series of
games, the first two of which will be
played Monday afternoon at 4:. r >o
o'clock.
The fifteen fraternities and clubs
who have so far entered in the league
to compete for a perpetual trophy cup
are Breakers Club, El Campo Club,
Chi Psi, Alpha Delta Phi, Delta Chi,
Delta Upsilon, Beta Theta Pi, Kappa
Sigma, Sigma Nu, Phi Delta Theta,
Plii Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa Psi,
Alpha Tau Omega, Theta Delta Clii,
and Delta Kappa Epsilon. Others
have signified their intention of en
tering.
.T. M. Wallacc, '17, who is managing
the games, announces that a dollar
fee will be required for each en
trant as a guarantee that appoint
ments for games will be kept. This
dollar will be collected tomorrow at
the time of making out the schedule
of games. The fee will be forfeited
in case a team does not appear as
scheduled, and will be returned if the
condition is carried out. The pre
liminary games for the purpose of
elimination will be played two in an
afternoon, while the final contests
will take place in the evening.
Fraternities desiring to enter, but
not having done so, should send a rep
resentative to tomorrow afternoon's
meeting, announces Wallace.
Representatives of the fraternities
and clubs entered in the Tnter-Fra
ternitv Basketball League will meet
tomorrow at 1 o'clock in the Union to
draw ui) a schedule for the series of
games, the first two of which will be
played Monday afternoon at 4:. r >o
o'clock.
The fifteen fraternities and clubs
who have so far entered in the league
to compete for a perpetual trophy cup
are Breakers Club, El Campo Club,
Chi Psi, Alpha Delta Phi, Delta Chi,
Delta Upsilon, Beta Theta Pi, Kappa
Sigma, Sigma Nu, Phi Delta Theta,
Plii Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa Psi,
Alpha Tau Omega, Theta Delta Clii,
and Delta Kappa Epsilon. Others
have signified their intention of en
tering.
.T. M. Wallacc, '17, who is managing
the games, announces that a dollar
fee will be required for each en
trant as a guarantee that appoint
ments for games will be kept. This
dollar will be collected tomorrow at
the time of making out the schedule
of games. The fee will be forfeited
in case a team does not appear as
scheduled, and will be returned if the
condition is carried out. The pre
liminary games for the purpose of
elimination will be played two in an
afternoon, while the final contests
will take place in the evening.
Fraternities desiring to enter, but
not having done so, should send a rep
resentative to tomorrow afternoon's
meeting, announces Wallace.
