# Adv. 34 Page 7
## 
### 
thrg X Vnd.3
■ysortt -fenr
SVFFJ tfjsa:
atsrr% sttsfrottr
aesthetics
XTTztro:
530
inside. 3* upstairs
fqlo alto
unique gifl-g
& rild'thiftg etfe
|ohL<i£4
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
- tennis shoe.
trecfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*cc(2
111 Homer Ayo
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
thrg X Vnd.3
■ysortt -fenr
SVFFJ tfjsa:
atsrr% sttsfrottr
aesthetics
XTTztro:
530
inside. 3* upstairs
fqlo alto
unique gifl-g
& rild'thiftg etfe
|ohL<i£4
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
- tennis shoe.
trecfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*cc(2
111 Homer Ayo
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
thrg X Vnd.3
■ysortt -fenr
SVFFJ tfjsa:
atsrr% sttsfrottr
aesthetics
XTTztro:
530
inside. 3* upstairs
fqlo alto
unique gifl-g
& rild'thiftg etfe
|ohL<i£4
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
- tennis shoe.
trecfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*cc(2
111 Homer Ayo
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
thrg X Vnd.3
■ysortt -fenr
SVFFJ tfjsa:
atsrr% sttsfrottr
aesthetics
XTTztro:
530
inside. 3* upstairs
fqlo alto
unique gifl-g
& rild'thiftg etfe
|ohL<i£4
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
- tennis shoe.
trecfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*cc(2
111 Homer Ayo
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
thrg X Vnd.3
■ysortt -fenr
SVFFJ tfjsa:
atsrr% sttsfrottr
aesthetics
XTTztro:
530
inside. 3* upstairs
fqlo alto
unique gifl-g
& rild'thiftg etfe
|ohL<i£4
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
- tennis shoe.
trecfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*cc(2
111 Homer Ayo
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
thrg X Vnd.3
■ysortt -fenr
SVFFJ tfjsa:
atsrr% sttsfrottr
aesthetics
XTTztro:
530
inside. 3* upstairs
fqlo alto
unique gifl-g
& rild'thiftg etfe
|ohL<i£4
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
- tennis shoe.
trecfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*cc(2
111 Homer Ayo
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
thrg X Vnd.3
■ysortt -fenr
SVFFJ tfjsa:
atsrr% sttsfrottr
aesthetics
XTTztro:
530
inside. 3* upstairs
fqlo alto
unique gifl-g
& rild'thiftg etfe
|ohL<i£4
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
- tennis shoe.
trecfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*cc(2
111 Homer Ayo
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
thrg X Vnd.3
■ysortt -fenr
SVFFJ tfjsa:
atsrr% sttsfrottr
aesthetics
XTTztro:
530
inside. 3* upstairs
fqlo alto
unique gifl-g
& rild'thiftg etfe
|ohL<i£4
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
- tennis shoe.
trecfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*cc(2
111 Homer Ayo
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
thrg X Vnd.3
■ysortt -fenr
SVFFJ tfjsa:
atsrr% sttsfrottr
aesthetics
XTTztro:
530
inside. 3* upstairs
fqlo alto
unique gifl-g
& rild'thiftg etfe
|ohL<i£4
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
- tennis shoe.
trecfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*cc(2
111 Homer Ayo
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
thrg X Vnd.3
■ysortt -fenr
SVFFJ tfjsa:
atsrr% sttsfrottr
aesthetics
XTTztro:
530
inside. 3* upstairs
fqlo alto
unique gifl-g
& rild'thiftg etfe
|ohL<i£4
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
- tennis shoe.
trecfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*cc(2
111 Homer Ayo
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
thrg X Vnd.3
■ysortt -fenr
SVFFJ tfjsa:
atsrr% sttsfrottr
aesthetics
XTTztro:
530
inside. 3* upstairs
fqlo alto
unique gifl-g
& rild'thiftg etfe
|ohL<i£4
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
- tennis shoe.
trecfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*cc(2
111 Homer Ayo
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
thrg X Vnd.3
■ysortt -fenr
SVFFJ tfjsa:
atsrr% sttsfrottr
aesthetics
XTTztro:
530
inside. 3* upstairs
fqlo alto
unique gifl-g
& rild'thiftg etfe
|ohL<i£4
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
- tennis shoe.
trecfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*cc(2
111 Homer Ayo
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
thrg X Vnd.3
■ysortt -fenr
SVFFJ tfjsa:
atsrr% sttsfrottr
aesthetics
XTTztro:
530
inside. 3* upstairs
fqlo alto
unique gifl-g
& rild'thiftg etfe
|ohL<i£4
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
- tennis shoe.
trecfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*cc(2
111 Homer Ayo
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
thrg X Vnd.3
■ysortt -fenr
SVFFJ tfjsa:
atsrr% sttsfrottr
aesthetics
XTTztro:
530
inside. 3* upstairs
fqlo alto
unique gifl-g
& rild'thiftg etfe
|ohL<i£4
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
- tennis shoe.
trecfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*cc(2
111 Homer Ayo
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
thrg X Vnd.3
■ysortt -fenr
SVFFJ tfjsa:
atsrr% sttsfrottr
aesthetics
XTTztro:
530
inside. 3* upstairs
fqlo alto
unique gifl-g
& rild'thiftg etfe
|ohL<i£4
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
- tennis shoe.
trecfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*cc(2
111 Homer Ayo
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
