# Father Ricard Forecasts Rainy Day for Big Game
## 
### 
BERKELEY, Nov. 7.—(P.1.P.)—
Rain has been forecast for November
19, Bis Game day, by Father Ricard,
the "Weather Padre" of Santa Clara
University, in his monthly weather
report.
If this report is correct the Cali
fornia and Stanford football players
will battle under unusual odds, and
co-eds will be wearing snappy new
slicker outfits to outwit the "Rain
God."
BERKELEY, Nov. 7.—(P.1.P.)—
Rain has been forecast for November
19, Bis Game day, by Father Ricard,
the "Weather Padre" of Santa Clara
University, in his monthly weather
report.
If this report is correct the Cali
fornia and Stanford football players
will battle under unusual odds, and
co-eds will be wearing snappy new
slicker outfits to outwit the "Rain
God."
BERKELEY, Nov. 7.—(P.1.P.)—
Rain has been forecast for November
19, Bis Game day, by Father Ricard,
the "Weather Padre" of Santa Clara
University, in his monthly weather
report.
If this report is correct the Cali
fornia and Stanford football players
will battle under unusual odds, and
co-eds will be wearing snappy new
slicker outfits to outwit the "Rain
God."
BERKELEY, Nov. 7.—(P.1.P.)—
Rain has been forecast for November
19, Bis Game day, by Father Ricard,
the "Weather Padre" of Santa Clara
University, in his monthly weather
report.
If this report is correct the Cali
fornia and Stanford football players
will battle under unusual odds, and
co-eds will be wearing snappy new
slicker outfits to outwit the "Rain
God."
BERKELEY, Nov. 7.—(P.1.P.)—
Rain has been forecast for November
19, Bis Game day, by Father Ricard,
the "Weather Padre" of Santa Clara
University, in his monthly weather
report.
If this report is correct the Cali
fornia and Stanford football players
will battle under unusual odds, and
co-eds will be wearing snappy new
slicker outfits to outwit the "Rain
God."
BERKELEY, Nov. 7.—(P.1.P.)—
Rain has been forecast for November
19, Bis Game day, by Father Ricard,
the "Weather Padre" of Santa Clara
University, in his monthly weather
report.
If this report is correct the Cali
fornia and Stanford football players
will battle under unusual odds, and
co-eds will be wearing snappy new
slicker outfits to outwit the "Rain
God."
BERKELEY, Nov. 7.—(P.1.P.)—
Rain has been forecast for November
19, Bis Game day, by Father Ricard,
the "Weather Padre" of Santa Clara
University, in his monthly weather
report.
If this report is correct the Cali
fornia and Stanford football players
will battle under unusual odds, and
co-eds will be wearing snappy new
slicker outfits to outwit the "Rain
God."
BERKELEY, Nov. 7.—(P.1.P.)—
Rain has been forecast for November
19, Bis Game day, by Father Ricard,
the "Weather Padre" of Santa Clara
University, in his monthly weather
report.
If this report is correct the Cali
fornia and Stanford football players
will battle under unusual odds, and
co-eds will be wearing snappy new
slicker outfits to outwit the "Rain
God."
BERKELEY, Nov. 7.—(P.1.P.)—
Rain has been forecast for November
19, Bis Game day, by Father Ricard,
the "Weather Padre" of Santa Clara
University, in his monthly weather
report.
If this report is correct the Cali
fornia and Stanford football players
will battle under unusual odds, and
co-eds will be wearing snappy new
slicker outfits to outwit the "Rain
God."
BERKELEY, Nov. 7.—(P.1.P.)—
Rain has been forecast for November
19, Bis Game day, by Father Ricard,
the "Weather Padre" of Santa Clara
University, in his monthly weather
report.
If this report is correct the Cali
fornia and Stanford football players
will battle under unusual odds, and
co-eds will be wearing snappy new
slicker outfits to outwit the "Rain
God."
BERKELEY, Nov. 7.—(P.1.P.)—
Rain has been forecast for November
19, Bis Game day, by Father Ricard,
the "Weather Padre" of Santa Clara
University, in his monthly weather
report.
If this report is correct the Cali
fornia and Stanford football players
will battle under unusual odds, and
co-eds will be wearing snappy new
slicker outfits to outwit the "Rain
God."
BERKELEY, Nov. 7.—(P.1.P.)—
Rain has been forecast for November
19, Bis Game day, by Father Ricard,
the "Weather Padre" of Santa Clara
University, in his monthly weather
report.
If this report is correct the Cali
fornia and Stanford football players
will battle under unusual odds, and
co-eds will be wearing snappy new
slicker outfits to outwit the "Rain
God."
BERKELEY, Nov. 7.—(P.1.P.)—
Rain has been forecast for November
19, Bis Game day, by Father Ricard,
the "Weather Padre" of Santa Clara
University, in his monthly weather
report.
If this report is correct the Cali
fornia and Stanford football players
will battle under unusual odds, and
co-eds will be wearing snappy new
slicker outfits to outwit the "Rain
God."
BERKELEY, Nov. 7.—(P.1.P.)—
Rain has been forecast for November
19, Bis Game day, by Father Ricard,
the "Weather Padre" of Santa Clara
University, in his monthly weather
report.
If this report is correct the Cali
fornia and Stanford football players
will battle under unusual odds, and
co-eds will be wearing snappy new
slicker outfits to outwit the "Rain
God."
BERKELEY, Nov. 7.—(P.1.P.)—
Rain has been forecast for November
19, Bis Game day, by Father Ricard,
the "Weather Padre" of Santa Clara
University, in his monthly weather
report.
If this report is correct the Cali
fornia and Stanford football players
will battle under unusual odds, and
co-eds will be wearing snappy new
slicker outfits to outwit the "Rain
God."
