# EARN LETTERS
## 
### 
Twelve men of the University of
California football squad have already
won their letters this season by play
ing forty-live minutes in a conference
game.
Twelve men of the University of
California football squad have already
won their letters this season by play
ing forty-live minutes in a conference
game.
Twelve men of the University of
California football squad have already
won their letters this season by play
ing forty-live minutes in a conference
game.
Twelve men of the University of
California football squad have already
won their letters this season by play
ing forty-live minutes in a conference
game.
Twelve men of the University of
California football squad have already
won their letters this season by play
ing forty-live minutes in a conference
game.
Twelve men of the University of
California football squad have already
won their letters this season by play
ing forty-live minutes in a conference
game.
Twelve men of the University of
California football squad have already
won their letters this season by play
ing forty-live minutes in a conference
game.
Twelve men of the University of
California football squad have already
won their letters this season by play
ing forty-live minutes in a conference
game.
Twelve men of the University of
California football squad have already
won their letters this season by play
ing forty-live minutes in a conference
game.
Twelve men of the University of
California football squad have already
won their letters this season by play
ing forty-live minutes in a conference
game.
Twelve men of the University of
California football squad have already
won their letters this season by play
ing forty-live minutes in a conference
game.
Twelve men of the University of
California football squad have already
won their letters this season by play
ing forty-live minutes in a conference
game.
Twelve men of the University of
California football squad have already
won their letters this season by play
ing forty-live minutes in a conference
game.
Twelve men of the University of
California football squad have already
won their letters this season by play
ing forty-live minutes in a conference
game.
Twelve men of the University of
California football squad have already
won their letters this season by play
ing forty-live minutes in a conference
game.
