# Dorothy Donaldson, '21, Is Married to Hollister Man
## 
### 
Miss Dorothy Donaldson, who gradu
ated from the Romanic Languages de
partment in 1921, was married to Roy
Recht of Hollister Saturday evening
in the Memorial Church. Mrs. Recht
taught in the Palo Alto Union High
School last year.
Miss Dorothy Donaldson, who gradu
ated from the Romanic Languages de
partment in 1921, was married to Roy
Recht of Hollister Saturday evening
in the Memorial Church. Mrs. Recht
taught in the Palo Alto Union High
School last year.
Miss Dorothy Donaldson, who gradu
ated from the Romanic Languages de
partment in 1921, was married to Roy
Recht of Hollister Saturday evening
in the Memorial Church. Mrs. Recht
taught in the Palo Alto Union High
School last year.
Miss Dorothy Donaldson, who gradu
ated from the Romanic Languages de
partment in 1921, was married to Roy
Recht of Hollister Saturday evening
in the Memorial Church. Mrs. Recht
taught in the Palo Alto Union High
School last year.
Miss Dorothy Donaldson, who gradu
ated from the Romanic Languages de
partment in 1921, was married to Roy
Recht of Hollister Saturday evening
in the Memorial Church. Mrs. Recht
taught in the Palo Alto Union High
School last year.
Miss Dorothy Donaldson, who gradu
ated from the Romanic Languages de
partment in 1921, was married to Roy
Recht of Hollister Saturday evening
in the Memorial Church. Mrs. Recht
taught in the Palo Alto Union High
School last year.
Miss Dorothy Donaldson, who gradu
ated from the Romanic Languages de
partment in 1921, was married to Roy
Recht of Hollister Saturday evening
in the Memorial Church. Mrs. Recht
taught in the Palo Alto Union High
School last year.
Miss Dorothy Donaldson, who gradu
ated from the Romanic Languages de
partment in 1921, was married to Roy
Recht of Hollister Saturday evening
in the Memorial Church. Mrs. Recht
taught in the Palo Alto Union High
School last year.
Miss Dorothy Donaldson, who gradu
ated from the Romanic Languages de
partment in 1921, was married to Roy
Recht of Hollister Saturday evening
in the Memorial Church. Mrs. Recht
taught in the Palo Alto Union High
School last year.
Miss Dorothy Donaldson, who gradu
ated from the Romanic Languages de
partment in 1921, was married to Roy
Recht of Hollister Saturday evening
in the Memorial Church. Mrs. Recht
taught in the Palo Alto Union High
School last year.
Miss Dorothy Donaldson, who gradu
ated from the Romanic Languages de
partment in 1921, was married to Roy
Recht of Hollister Saturday evening
in the Memorial Church. Mrs. Recht
taught in the Palo Alto Union High
School last year.
Miss Dorothy Donaldson, who gradu
ated from the Romanic Languages de
partment in 1921, was married to Roy
Recht of Hollister Saturday evening
in the Memorial Church. Mrs. Recht
taught in the Palo Alto Union High
School last year.
Miss Dorothy Donaldson, who gradu
ated from the Romanic Languages de
partment in 1921, was married to Roy
Recht of Hollister Saturday evening
in the Memorial Church. Mrs. Recht
taught in the Palo Alto Union High
School last year.
Miss Dorothy Donaldson, who gradu
ated from the Romanic Languages de
partment in 1921, was married to Roy
Recht of Hollister Saturday evening
in the Memorial Church. Mrs. Recht
taught in the Palo Alto Union High
School last year.
Miss Dorothy Donaldson, who gradu
ated from the Romanic Languages de
partment in 1921, was married to Roy
Recht of Hollister Saturday evening
in the Memorial Church. Mrs. Recht
taught in the Palo Alto Union High
School last year.
