# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Cap and Gown announces the
election of the following women:
Gertrude Baker
Lilian Force
Anne Hartwell
Winifred Huntington
Louise Shedd
Carolyn Shepard
Aimee Belle Thomas
Cap and Gown announces the
election of the following women:
Gertrude Baker
Lilian Force
Anne Hartwell
Winifred Huntington
Louise Shedd
Carolyn Shepard
Aimee Belle Thomas
Cap and Gown announces the
election of the following women:
Gertrude Baker
Lilian Force
Anne Hartwell
Winifred Huntington
Louise Shedd
Carolyn Shepard
Aimee Belle Thomas
Cap and Gown announces the
election of the following women:
Gertrude Baker
Lilian Force
Anne Hartwell
Winifred Huntington
Louise Shedd
Carolyn Shepard
Aimee Belle Thomas
Cap and Gown announces the
election of the following women:
Gertrude Baker
Lilian Force
Anne Hartwell
Winifred Huntington
Louise Shedd
Carolyn Shepard
Aimee Belle Thomas
Cap and Gown announces the
election of the following women:
Gertrude Baker
Lilian Force
Anne Hartwell
Winifred Huntington
Louise Shedd
Carolyn Shepard
Aimee Belle Thomas
Cap and Gown announces the
election of the following women:
Gertrude Baker
Lilian Force
Anne Hartwell
Winifred Huntington
Louise Shedd
Carolyn Shepard
Aimee Belle Thomas
Cap and Gown announces the
election of the following women:
Gertrude Baker
Lilian Force
Anne Hartwell
Winifred Huntington
Louise Shedd
Carolyn Shepard
Aimee Belle Thomas
Cap and Gown announces the
election of the following women:
Gertrude Baker
Lilian Force
Anne Hartwell
Winifred Huntington
Louise Shedd
Carolyn Shepard
Aimee Belle Thomas
Cap and Gown announces the
election of the following women:
Gertrude Baker
Lilian Force
Anne Hartwell
Winifred Huntington
Louise Shedd
Carolyn Shepard
Aimee Belle Thomas
Cap and Gown announces the
election of the following women:
Gertrude Baker
Lilian Force
Anne Hartwell
Winifred Huntington
Louise Shedd
Carolyn Shepard
Aimee Belle Thomas
Cap and Gown announces the
election of the following women:
Gertrude Baker
Lilian Force
Anne Hartwell
Winifred Huntington
Louise Shedd
Carolyn Shepard
Aimee Belle Thomas
Cap and Gown announces the
election of the following women:
Gertrude Baker
Lilian Force
Anne Hartwell
Winifred Huntington
Louise Shedd
Carolyn Shepard
Aimee Belle Thomas
Cap and Gown announces the
election of the following women:
Gertrude Baker
Lilian Force
Anne Hartwell
Winifred Huntington
Louise Shedd
Carolyn Shepard
Aimee Belle Thomas
Cap and Gown announces the
election of the following women:
Gertrude Baker
Lilian Force
Anne Hartwell
Winifred Huntington
Louise Shedd
Carolyn Shepard
Aimee Belle Thomas
