# MELVIN ON BOARD
## 
### 
Bradford Melvin, '16, had been ap
pointed a member of the State Board
of Medical Examiners. He will handle
the legal business of the board.
Bradford Melvin, '16, had been ap
pointed a member of the State Board
of Medical Examiners. He will handle
the legal business of the board.
Bradford Melvin, '16, had been ap
pointed a member of the State Board
of Medical Examiners. He will handle
the legal business of the board.
Bradford Melvin, '16, had been ap
pointed a member of the State Board
of Medical Examiners. He will handle
the legal business of the board.
Bradford Melvin, '16, had been ap
pointed a member of the State Board
of Medical Examiners. He will handle
the legal business of the board.
Bradford Melvin, '16, had been ap
pointed a member of the State Board
of Medical Examiners. He will handle
the legal business of the board.
Bradford Melvin, '16, had been ap
pointed a member of the State Board
of Medical Examiners. He will handle
the legal business of the board.
Bradford Melvin, '16, had been ap
pointed a member of the State Board
of Medical Examiners. He will handle
the legal business of the board.
Bradford Melvin, '16, had been ap
pointed a member of the State Board
of Medical Examiners. He will handle
the legal business of the board.
Bradford Melvin, '16, had been ap
pointed a member of the State Board
of Medical Examiners. He will handle
the legal business of the board.
Bradford Melvin, '16, had been ap
pointed a member of the State Board
of Medical Examiners. He will handle
the legal business of the board.
Bradford Melvin, '16, had been ap
pointed a member of the State Board
of Medical Examiners. He will handle
the legal business of the board.
Bradford Melvin, '16, had been ap
pointed a member of the State Board
of Medical Examiners. He will handle
the legal business of the board.
Bradford Melvin, '16, had been ap
pointed a member of the State Board
of Medical Examiners. He will handle
the legal business of the board.
Bradford Melvin, '16, had been ap
pointed a member of the State Board
of Medical Examiners. He will handle
the legal business of the board.
