# Syllabus, Incidental Fees Are Payable Today Only
## 
### 
All syllabus and incidental fees are
due and payable today only, and a fine
of two dollars will be attached to late
payments, the cashier's office an
nounces.
If deferred payments are desired,
students may petition either the Dean
of Men or the Dean of Women. The
petition is good for two weeks and
costs fifty cents.
The office in the Administration
building will be open from 7:30 to 5
o'clock today.
All syllabus and incidental fees are
due and payable today only, and a fine
of two dollars will be attached to late
payments, the cashier's office an
nounces.
If deferred payments are desired,
students may petition either the Dean
of Men or the Dean of Women. The
petition is good for two weeks and
costs fifty cents.
The office in the Administration
building will be open from 7:30 to 5
o'clock today.
All syllabus and incidental fees are
due and payable today only, and a fine
of two dollars will be attached to late
payments, the cashier's office an
nounces.
If deferred payments are desired,
students may petition either the Dean
of Men or the Dean of Women. The
petition is good for two weeks and
costs fifty cents.
The office in the Administration
building will be open from 7:30 to 5
o'clock today.
All syllabus and incidental fees are
due and payable today only, and a fine
of two dollars will be attached to late
payments, the cashier's office an
nounces.
If deferred payments are desired,
students may petition either the Dean
of Men or the Dean of Women. The
petition is good for two weeks and
costs fifty cents.
The office in the Administration
building will be open from 7:30 to 5
o'clock today.
All syllabus and incidental fees are
due and payable today only, and a fine
of two dollars will be attached to late
payments, the cashier's office an
nounces.
If deferred payments are desired,
students may petition either the Dean
of Men or the Dean of Women. The
petition is good for two weeks and
costs fifty cents.
The office in the Administration
building will be open from 7:30 to 5
o'clock today.
All syllabus and incidental fees are
due and payable today only, and a fine
of two dollars will be attached to late
payments, the cashier's office an
nounces.
If deferred payments are desired,
students may petition either the Dean
of Men or the Dean of Women. The
petition is good for two weeks and
costs fifty cents.
The office in the Administration
building will be open from 7:30 to 5
o'clock today.
All syllabus and incidental fees are
due and payable today only, and a fine
of two dollars will be attached to late
payments, the cashier's office an
nounces.
If deferred payments are desired,
students may petition either the Dean
of Men or the Dean of Women. The
petition is good for two weeks and
costs fifty cents.
The office in the Administration
building will be open from 7:30 to 5
o'clock today.
All syllabus and incidental fees are
due and payable today only, and a fine
of two dollars will be attached to late
payments, the cashier's office an
nounces.
If deferred payments are desired,
students may petition either the Dean
of Men or the Dean of Women. The
petition is good for two weeks and
costs fifty cents.
The office in the Administration
building will be open from 7:30 to 5
o'clock today.
All syllabus and incidental fees are
due and payable today only, and a fine
of two dollars will be attached to late
payments, the cashier's office an
nounces.
If deferred payments are desired,
students may petition either the Dean
of Men or the Dean of Women. The
petition is good for two weeks and
costs fifty cents.
The office in the Administration
building will be open from 7:30 to 5
o'clock today.
All syllabus and incidental fees are
due and payable today only, and a fine
of two dollars will be attached to late
payments, the cashier's office an
nounces.
If deferred payments are desired,
students may petition either the Dean
of Men or the Dean of Women. The
petition is good for two weeks and
costs fifty cents.
The office in the Administration
building will be open from 7:30 to 5
o'clock today.
All syllabus and incidental fees are
due and payable today only, and a fine
of two dollars will be attached to late
payments, the cashier's office an
nounces.
If deferred payments are desired,
students may petition either the Dean
of Men or the Dean of Women. The
petition is good for two weeks and
costs fifty cents.
The office in the Administration
building will be open from 7:30 to 5
o'clock today.
All syllabus and incidental fees are
due and payable today only, and a fine
of two dollars will be attached to late
payments, the cashier's office an
nounces.
If deferred payments are desired,
students may petition either the Dean
of Men or the Dean of Women. The
petition is good for two weeks and
costs fifty cents.
The office in the Administration
building will be open from 7:30 to 5
o'clock today.
All syllabus and incidental fees are
due and payable today only, and a fine
of two dollars will be attached to late
payments, the cashier's office an
nounces.
If deferred payments are desired,
students may petition either the Dean
of Men or the Dean of Women. The
petition is good for two weeks and
costs fifty cents.
The office in the Administration
building will be open from 7:30 to 5
o'clock today.
All syllabus and incidental fees are
due and payable today only, and a fine
of two dollars will be attached to late
payments, the cashier's office an
nounces.
If deferred payments are desired,
students may petition either the Dean
of Men or the Dean of Women. The
petition is good for two weeks and
costs fifty cents.
The office in the Administration
building will be open from 7:30 to 5
o'clock today.
All syllabus and incidental fees are
due and payable today only, and a fine
of two dollars will be attached to late
payments, the cashier's office an
nounces.
If deferred payments are desired,
students may petition either the Dean
of Men or the Dean of Women. The
petition is good for two weeks and
costs fifty cents.
The office in the Administration
building will be open from 7:30 to 5
o'clock today.
