# Adv. 60 Page 14
## 
### 
MATCH POINT
When building a campfire,
clear a 5-foot area around
the pit down to the soil.
REMEMBER, ONLY YOU CAN
PREVENT FOREST FIRES.
MATCH POINT
When building a campfire,
clear a 5-foot area around
the pit down to the soil.
REMEMBER, ONLY YOU CAN
PREVENT FOREST FIRES.
MATCH POINT
When building a campfire,
clear a 5-foot area around
the pit down to the soil.
REMEMBER, ONLY YOU CAN
PREVENT FOREST FIRES.
MATCH POINT
When building a campfire,
clear a 5-foot area around
the pit down to the soil.
REMEMBER, ONLY YOU CAN
PREVENT FOREST FIRES.
MATCH POINT
When building a campfire,
clear a 5-foot area around
the pit down to the soil.
REMEMBER, ONLY YOU CAN
PREVENT FOREST FIRES.
