# Mock Trials Presented by Princeton Freshman Class
## 
### 
Freshman legal talent at Princeton
University went into action last week
with a presentation of the Charles Chap
lin vs. l.ita Grey divorce ease. This is
the third of the series of mock trials
given by members of the class of 1930.
In arguing the case students will take
the roles of Mr. Chaplin. Lita Grey, At
torney for the Defense. Prosecuting At
torney. Mildred Harris, Pola Negri,
Mystery \\ itness for the Defense, Sons
of Lita Grey, Clerk of the Court, and
Judge.
Freshman legal talent at Princeton
University went into action last week
with a presentation of the Charles Chap
lin vs. l.ita Grey divorce ease. This is
the third of the series of mock trials
given by members of the class of 1930.
In arguing the case students will take
the roles of Mr. Chaplin. Lita Grey, At
torney for the Defense. Prosecuting At
torney. Mildred Harris, Pola Negri,
Mystery \\ itness for the Defense, Sons
of Lita Grey, Clerk of the Court, and
Judge.
Freshman legal talent at Princeton
University went into action last week
with a presentation of the Charles Chap
lin vs. l.ita Grey divorce ease. This is
the third of the series of mock trials
given by members of the class of 1930.
In arguing the case students will take
the roles of Mr. Chaplin. Lita Grey, At
torney for the Defense. Prosecuting At
torney. Mildred Harris, Pola Negri,
Mystery \\ itness for the Defense, Sons
of Lita Grey, Clerk of the Court, and
Judge.
Freshman legal talent at Princeton
University went into action last week
with a presentation of the Charles Chap
lin vs. l.ita Grey divorce ease. This is
the third of the series of mock trials
given by members of the class of 1930.
In arguing the case students will take
the roles of Mr. Chaplin. Lita Grey, At
torney for the Defense. Prosecuting At
torney. Mildred Harris, Pola Negri,
Mystery \\ itness for the Defense, Sons
of Lita Grey, Clerk of the Court, and
Judge.
Freshman legal talent at Princeton
University went into action last week
with a presentation of the Charles Chap
lin vs. l.ita Grey divorce ease. This is
the third of the series of mock trials
given by members of the class of 1930.
In arguing the case students will take
the roles of Mr. Chaplin. Lita Grey, At
torney for the Defense. Prosecuting At
torney. Mildred Harris, Pola Negri,
Mystery \\ itness for the Defense, Sons
of Lita Grey, Clerk of the Court, and
Judge.
Freshman legal talent at Princeton
University went into action last week
with a presentation of the Charles Chap
lin vs. l.ita Grey divorce ease. This is
the third of the series of mock trials
given by members of the class of 1930.
In arguing the case students will take
the roles of Mr. Chaplin. Lita Grey, At
torney for the Defense. Prosecuting At
torney. Mildred Harris, Pola Negri,
Mystery \\ itness for the Defense, Sons
of Lita Grey, Clerk of the Court, and
Judge.
Freshman legal talent at Princeton
University went into action last week
with a presentation of the Charles Chap
lin vs. l.ita Grey divorce ease. This is
the third of the series of mock trials
given by members of the class of 1930.
In arguing the case students will take
the roles of Mr. Chaplin. Lita Grey, At
torney for the Defense. Prosecuting At
torney. Mildred Harris, Pola Negri,
Mystery \\ itness for the Defense, Sons
of Lita Grey, Clerk of the Court, and
Judge.
Freshman legal talent at Princeton
University went into action last week
with a presentation of the Charles Chap
lin vs. l.ita Grey divorce ease. This is
the third of the series of mock trials
given by members of the class of 1930.
In arguing the case students will take
the roles of Mr. Chaplin. Lita Grey, At
torney for the Defense. Prosecuting At
torney. Mildred Harris, Pola Negri,
Mystery \\ itness for the Defense, Sons
of Lita Grey, Clerk of the Court, and
Judge.
Freshman legal talent at Princeton
University went into action last week
with a presentation of the Charles Chap
lin vs. l.ita Grey divorce ease. This is
the third of the series of mock trials
given by members of the class of 1930.
In arguing the case students will take
the roles of Mr. Chaplin. Lita Grey, At
torney for the Defense. Prosecuting At
torney. Mildred Harris, Pola Negri,
Mystery \\ itness for the Defense, Sons
of Lita Grey, Clerk of the Court, and
Judge.
Freshman legal talent at Princeton
University went into action last week
with a presentation of the Charles Chap
lin vs. l.ita Grey divorce ease. This is
the third of the series of mock trials
given by members of the class of 1930.
In arguing the case students will take
the roles of Mr. Chaplin. Lita Grey, At
torney for the Defense. Prosecuting At
torney. Mildred Harris, Pola Negri,
Mystery \\ itness for the Defense, Sons
of Lita Grey, Clerk of the Court, and
Judge.
Freshman legal talent at Princeton
University went into action last week
with a presentation of the Charles Chap
lin vs. l.ita Grey divorce ease. This is
the third of the series of mock trials
given by members of the class of 1930.
In arguing the case students will take
the roles of Mr. Chaplin. Lita Grey, At
torney for the Defense. Prosecuting At
torney. Mildred Harris, Pola Negri,
Mystery \\ itness for the Defense, Sons
of Lita Grey, Clerk of the Court, and
Judge.
Freshman legal talent at Princeton
University went into action last week
with a presentation of the Charles Chap
lin vs. l.ita Grey divorce ease. This is
the third of the series of mock trials
given by members of the class of 1930.
In arguing the case students will take
the roles of Mr. Chaplin. Lita Grey, At
torney for the Defense. Prosecuting At
torney. Mildred Harris, Pola Negri,
Mystery \\ itness for the Defense, Sons
of Lita Grey, Clerk of the Court, and
Judge.
Freshman legal talent at Princeton
University went into action last week
with a presentation of the Charles Chap
lin vs. l.ita Grey divorce ease. This is
the third of the series of mock trials
given by members of the class of 1930.
In arguing the case students will take
the roles of Mr. Chaplin. Lita Grey, At
torney for the Defense. Prosecuting At
torney. Mildred Harris, Pola Negri,
Mystery \\ itness for the Defense, Sons
of Lita Grey, Clerk of the Court, and
Judge.
Freshman legal talent at Princeton
University went into action last week
with a presentation of the Charles Chap
lin vs. l.ita Grey divorce ease. This is
the third of the series of mock trials
given by members of the class of 1930.
In arguing the case students will take
the roles of Mr. Chaplin. Lita Grey, At
torney for the Defense. Prosecuting At
torney. Mildred Harris, Pola Negri,
Mystery \\ itness for the Defense, Sons
of Lita Grey, Clerk of the Court, and
Judge.
Freshman legal talent at Princeton
University went into action last week
with a presentation of the Charles Chap
lin vs. l.ita Grey divorce ease. This is
the third of the series of mock trials
given by members of the class of 1930.
In arguing the case students will take
the roles of Mr. Chaplin. Lita Grey, At
torney for the Defense. Prosecuting At
torney. Mildred Harris, Pola Negri,
Mystery \\ itness for the Defense, Sons
of Lita Grey, Clerk of the Court, and
Judge.
