# FIRST LADY SITS IN 'POOR COURT'
## 
### 

MRS. ELEANOR ROOSEVELT, left, on her latest visit to Southern California, "sits in" beside Los Angeles
Municipal Judge Orfa Jean Shontz to hear a small claim case in the city's "poor man's court." Mrs. Roose
velts stay in the court lasted hut 20 minutes and was really a visit to her friend on the bench.

MRS. ELEANOR ROOSEVELT, left, on her latest visit to Southern California, "sits in" beside Los Angeles
Municipal Judge Orfa Jean Shontz to hear a small claim case in the city's "poor man's court." Mrs. Roose
velts stay in the court lasted hut 20 minutes and was really a visit to her friend on the bench.

MRS. ELEANOR ROOSEVELT, left, on her latest visit to Southern California, "sits in" beside Los Angeles
Municipal Judge Orfa Jean Shontz to hear a small claim case in the city's "poor man's court." Mrs. Roose
velts stay in the court lasted hut 20 minutes and was really a visit to her friend on the bench.

MRS. ELEANOR ROOSEVELT, left, on her latest visit to Southern California, "sits in" beside Los Angeles
Municipal Judge Orfa Jean Shontz to hear a small claim case in the city's "poor man's court." Mrs. Roose
velts stay in the court lasted hut 20 minutes and was really a visit to her friend on the bench.

MRS. ELEANOR ROOSEVELT, left, on her latest visit to Southern California, "sits in" beside Los Angeles
Municipal Judge Orfa Jean Shontz to hear a small claim case in the city's "poor man's court." Mrs. Roose
velts stay in the court lasted hut 20 minutes and was really a visit to her friend on the bench.

MRS. ELEANOR ROOSEVELT, left, on her latest visit to Southern California, "sits in" beside Los Angeles
Municipal Judge Orfa Jean Shontz to hear a small claim case in the city's "poor man's court." Mrs. Roose
velts stay in the court lasted hut 20 minutes and was really a visit to her friend on the bench.

MRS. ELEANOR ROOSEVELT, left, on her latest visit to Southern California, "sits in" beside Los Angeles
Municipal Judge Orfa Jean Shontz to hear a small claim case in the city's "poor man's court." Mrs. Roose
velts stay in the court lasted hut 20 minutes and was really a visit to her friend on the bench.

MRS. ELEANOR ROOSEVELT, left, on her latest visit to Southern California, "sits in" beside Los Angeles
Municipal Judge Orfa Jean Shontz to hear a small claim case in the city's "poor man's court." Mrs. Roose
velts stay in the court lasted hut 20 minutes and was really a visit to her friend on the bench.

MRS. ELEANOR ROOSEVELT, left, on her latest visit to Southern California, "sits in" beside Los Angeles
Municipal Judge Orfa Jean Shontz to hear a small claim case in the city's "poor man's court." Mrs. Roose
velts stay in the court lasted hut 20 minutes and was really a visit to her friend on the bench.

MRS. ELEANOR ROOSEVELT, left, on her latest visit to Southern California, "sits in" beside Los Angeles
Municipal Judge Orfa Jean Shontz to hear a small claim case in the city's "poor man's court." Mrs. Roose
velts stay in the court lasted hut 20 minutes and was really a visit to her friend on the bench.

MRS. ELEANOR ROOSEVELT, left, on her latest visit to Southern California, "sits in" beside Los Angeles
Municipal Judge Orfa Jean Shontz to hear a small claim case in the city's "poor man's court." Mrs. Roose
velts stay in the court lasted hut 20 minutes and was really a visit to her friend on the bench.

MRS. ELEANOR ROOSEVELT, left, on her latest visit to Southern California, "sits in" beside Los Angeles
Municipal Judge Orfa Jean Shontz to hear a small claim case in the city's "poor man's court." Mrs. Roose
velts stay in the court lasted hut 20 minutes and was really a visit to her friend on the bench.

MRS. ELEANOR ROOSEVELT, left, on her latest visit to Southern California, "sits in" beside Los Angeles
Municipal Judge Orfa Jean Shontz to hear a small claim case in the city's "poor man's court." Mrs. Roose
velts stay in the court lasted hut 20 minutes and was really a visit to her friend on the bench.

MRS. ELEANOR ROOSEVELT, left, on her latest visit to Southern California, "sits in" beside Los Angeles
Municipal Judge Orfa Jean Shontz to hear a small claim case in the city's "poor man's court." Mrs. Roose
velts stay in the court lasted hut 20 minutes and was really a visit to her friend on the bench.

MRS. ELEANOR ROOSEVELT, left, on her latest visit to Southern California, "sits in" beside Los Angeles
Municipal Judge Orfa Jean Shontz to hear a small claim case in the city's "poor man's court." Mrs. Roose
velts stay in the court lasted hut 20 minutes and was really a visit to her friend on the bench.

MRS. ELEANOR ROOSEVELT, left, on her latest visit to Southern California, "sits in" beside Los Angeles
Municipal Judge Orfa Jean Shontz to hear a small claim case in the city's "poor man's court." Mrs. Roose
velts stay in the court lasted hut 20 minutes and was really a visit to her friend on the bench.

MRS. ELEANOR ROOSEVELT, left, on her latest visit to Southern California, "sits in" beside Los Angeles
Municipal Judge Orfa Jean Shontz to hear a small claim case in the city's "poor man's court." Mrs. Roose
velts stay in the court lasted hut 20 minutes and was really a visit to her friend on the bench.

MRS. ELEANOR ROOSEVELT, left, on her latest visit to Southern California, "sits in" beside Los Angeles
Municipal Judge Orfa Jean Shontz to hear a small claim case in the city's "poor man's court." Mrs. Roose
velts stay in the court lasted hut 20 minutes and was really a visit to her friend on the bench.
