# 'Warships May Go'
## 
### 

REAR ADMIRAL John Wills
Gteenslade, above, new comman
dant of the 12th Naval District
with headquarters in San Fran-,
cisco, succeeds Rear Admiral Ar
thur J. Hepburn, now chief of the
Navy's public relations office in
Washington. "As a personal point
<f view," lie said at a press con
ference, "I think ships may some
day be outmoded and the air
force take it all over."

REAR ADMIRAL John Wills
Gteenslade, above, new comman
dant of the 12th Naval District
with headquarters in San Fran-,
cisco, succeeds Rear Admiral Ar
thur J. Hepburn, now chief of the
Navy's public relations office in
Washington. "As a personal point
<f view," lie said at a press con
ference, "I think ships may some
day be outmoded and the air
force take it all over."

REAR ADMIRAL John Wills
Gteenslade, above, new comman
dant of the 12th Naval District
with headquarters in San Fran-,
cisco, succeeds Rear Admiral Ar
thur J. Hepburn, now chief of the
Navy's public relations office in
Washington. "As a personal point
<f view," lie said at a press con
ference, "I think ships may some
day be outmoded and the air
force take it all over."

REAR ADMIRAL John Wills
Gteenslade, above, new comman
dant of the 12th Naval District
with headquarters in San Fran-,
cisco, succeeds Rear Admiral Ar
thur J. Hepburn, now chief of the
Navy's public relations office in
Washington. "As a personal point
<f view," lie said at a press con
ference, "I think ships may some
day be outmoded and the air
force take it all over."

REAR ADMIRAL John Wills
Gteenslade, above, new comman
dant of the 12th Naval District
with headquarters in San Fran-,
cisco, succeeds Rear Admiral Ar
thur J. Hepburn, now chief of the
Navy's public relations office in
Washington. "As a personal point
<f view," lie said at a press con
ference, "I think ships may some
day be outmoded and the air
force take it all over."

REAR ADMIRAL John Wills
Gteenslade, above, new comman
dant of the 12th Naval District
with headquarters in San Fran-,
cisco, succeeds Rear Admiral Ar
thur J. Hepburn, now chief of the
Navy's public relations office in
Washington. "As a personal point
<f view," lie said at a press con
ference, "I think ships may some
day be outmoded and the air
force take it all over."

REAR ADMIRAL John Wills
Gteenslade, above, new comman
dant of the 12th Naval District
with headquarters in San Fran-,
cisco, succeeds Rear Admiral Ar
thur J. Hepburn, now chief of the
Navy's public relations office in
Washington. "As a personal point
<f view," lie said at a press con
ference, "I think ships may some
day be outmoded and the air
force take it all over."

REAR ADMIRAL John Wills
Gteenslade, above, new comman
dant of the 12th Naval District
with headquarters in San Fran-,
cisco, succeeds Rear Admiral Ar
thur J. Hepburn, now chief of the
Navy's public relations office in
Washington. "As a personal point
<f view," lie said at a press con
ference, "I think ships may some
day be outmoded and the air
force take it all over."

REAR ADMIRAL John Wills
Gteenslade, above, new comman
dant of the 12th Naval District
with headquarters in San Fran-,
cisco, succeeds Rear Admiral Ar
thur J. Hepburn, now chief of the
Navy's public relations office in
Washington. "As a personal point
<f view," lie said at a press con
ference, "I think ships may some
day be outmoded and the air
force take it all over."

REAR ADMIRAL John Wills
Gteenslade, above, new comman
dant of the 12th Naval District
with headquarters in San Fran-,
cisco, succeeds Rear Admiral Ar
thur J. Hepburn, now chief of the
Navy's public relations office in
Washington. "As a personal point
<f view," lie said at a press con
ference, "I think ships may some
day be outmoded and the air
force take it all over."

REAR ADMIRAL John Wills
Gteenslade, above, new comman
dant of the 12th Naval District
with headquarters in San Fran-,
cisco, succeeds Rear Admiral Ar
thur J. Hepburn, now chief of the
Navy's public relations office in
Washington. "As a personal point
<f view," lie said at a press con
ference, "I think ships may some
day be outmoded and the air
force take it all over."

REAR ADMIRAL John Wills
Gteenslade, above, new comman
dant of the 12th Naval District
with headquarters in San Fran-,
cisco, succeeds Rear Admiral Ar
thur J. Hepburn, now chief of the
Navy's public relations office in
Washington. "As a personal point
<f view," lie said at a press con
ference, "I think ships may some
day be outmoded and the air
force take it all over."

REAR ADMIRAL John Wills
Gteenslade, above, new comman
dant of the 12th Naval District
with headquarters in San Fran-,
cisco, succeeds Rear Admiral Ar
thur J. Hepburn, now chief of the
Navy's public relations office in
Washington. "As a personal point
<f view," lie said at a press con
ference, "I think ships may some
day be outmoded and the air
force take it all over."

REAR ADMIRAL John Wills
Gteenslade, above, new comman
dant of the 12th Naval District
with headquarters in San Fran-,
cisco, succeeds Rear Admiral Ar
thur J. Hepburn, now chief of the
Navy's public relations office in
Washington. "As a personal point
<f view," lie said at a press con
ference, "I think ships may some
day be outmoded and the air
force take it all over."

REAR ADMIRAL John Wills
Gteenslade, above, new comman
dant of the 12th Naval District
with headquarters in San Fran-,
cisco, succeeds Rear Admiral Ar
thur J. Hepburn, now chief of the
Navy's public relations office in
Washington. "As a personal point
<f view," lie said at a press con
ference, "I think ships may some
day be outmoded and the air
force take it all over."

REAR ADMIRAL John Wills
Gteenslade, above, new comman
dant of the 12th Naval District
with headquarters in San Fran-,
cisco, succeeds Rear Admiral Ar
thur J. Hepburn, now chief of the
Navy's public relations office in
Washington. "As a personal point
<f view," lie said at a press con
ference, "I think ships may some
day be outmoded and the air
force take it all over."

REAR ADMIRAL John Wills
Gteenslade, above, new comman
dant of the 12th Naval District
with headquarters in San Fran-,
cisco, succeeds Rear Admiral Ar
thur J. Hepburn, now chief of the
Navy's public relations office in
Washington. "As a personal point
<f view," lie said at a press con
ference, "I think ships may some
day be outmoded and the air
force take it all over."

REAR ADMIRAL John Wills
Gteenslade, above, new comman
dant of the 12th Naval District
with headquarters in San Fran-,
cisco, succeeds Rear Admiral Ar
thur J. Hepburn, now chief of the
Navy's public relations office in
Washington. "As a personal point
<f view," lie said at a press con
ference, "I think ships may some
day be outmoded and the air
force take it all over."
