# Cal Cartoonist Given 'New Yorker' Position
## 
### 
Roberta Mac Donald, editor of the
California Pelican, who did the now
famous cartoon on the Stanford
student beating case, has been prom
ised a position on the New Yorker
following her graduation in May.
Miss Mac Donald has become quite
well known for her "social signifi
cance" cartoons.
Roberta Mac Donald, editor of the
California Pelican, who did the now
famous cartoon on the Stanford
student beating case, has been prom
ised a position on the New Yorker
following her graduation in May.
Miss Mac Donald has become quite
well known for her "social signifi
cance" cartoons.
Roberta Mac Donald, editor of the
California Pelican, who did the now
famous cartoon on the Stanford
student beating case, has been prom
ised a position on the New Yorker
following her graduation in May.
Miss Mac Donald has become quite
well known for her "social signifi
cance" cartoons.
Roberta Mac Donald, editor of the
California Pelican, who did the now
famous cartoon on the Stanford
student beating case, has been prom
ised a position on the New Yorker
following her graduation in May.
Miss Mac Donald has become quite
well known for her "social signifi
cance" cartoons.
Roberta Mac Donald, editor of the
California Pelican, who did the now
famous cartoon on the Stanford
student beating case, has been prom
ised a position on the New Yorker
following her graduation in May.
Miss Mac Donald has become quite
well known for her "social signifi
cance" cartoons.
Roberta Mac Donald, editor of the
California Pelican, who did the now
famous cartoon on the Stanford
student beating case, has been prom
ised a position on the New Yorker
following her graduation in May.
Miss Mac Donald has become quite
well known for her "social signifi
cance" cartoons.
Roberta Mac Donald, editor of the
California Pelican, who did the now
famous cartoon on the Stanford
student beating case, has been prom
ised a position on the New Yorker
following her graduation in May.
Miss Mac Donald has become quite
well known for her "social signifi
cance" cartoons.
Roberta Mac Donald, editor of the
California Pelican, who did the now
famous cartoon on the Stanford
student beating case, has been prom
ised a position on the New Yorker
following her graduation in May.
Miss Mac Donald has become quite
well known for her "social signifi
cance" cartoons.
Roberta Mac Donald, editor of the
California Pelican, who did the now
famous cartoon on the Stanford
student beating case, has been prom
ised a position on the New Yorker
following her graduation in May.
Miss Mac Donald has become quite
well known for her "social signifi
cance" cartoons.
Roberta Mac Donald, editor of the
California Pelican, who did the now
famous cartoon on the Stanford
student beating case, has been prom
ised a position on the New Yorker
following her graduation in May.
Miss Mac Donald has become quite
well known for her "social signifi
cance" cartoons.
Roberta Mac Donald, editor of the
California Pelican, who did the now
famous cartoon on the Stanford
student beating case, has been prom
ised a position on the New Yorker
following her graduation in May.
Miss Mac Donald has become quite
well known for her "social signifi
cance" cartoons.
Roberta Mac Donald, editor of the
California Pelican, who did the now
famous cartoon on the Stanford
student beating case, has been prom
ised a position on the New Yorker
following her graduation in May.
Miss Mac Donald has become quite
well known for her "social signifi
cance" cartoons.
Roberta Mac Donald, editor of the
California Pelican, who did the now
famous cartoon on the Stanford
student beating case, has been prom
ised a position on the New Yorker
following her graduation in May.
Miss Mac Donald has become quite
well known for her "social signifi
cance" cartoons.
Roberta Mac Donald, editor of the
California Pelican, who did the now
famous cartoon on the Stanford
student beating case, has been prom
ised a position on the New Yorker
following her graduation in May.
Miss Mac Donald has become quite
well known for her "social signifi
cance" cartoons.
Roberta Mac Donald, editor of the
California Pelican, who did the now
famous cartoon on the Stanford
student beating case, has been prom
ised a position on the New Yorker
following her graduation in May.
Miss Mac Donald has become quite
well known for her "social signifi
cance" cartoons.
Roberta Mac Donald, editor of the
California Pelican, who did the now
famous cartoon on the Stanford
student beating case, has been prom
ised a position on the New Yorker
following her graduation in May.
Miss Mac Donald has become quite
well known for her "social signifi
cance" cartoons.
Roberta Mac Donald, editor of the
California Pelican, who did the now
famous cartoon on the Stanford
student beating case, has been prom
ised a position on the New Yorker
following her graduation in May.
Miss Mac Donald has become quite
well known for her "social signifi
cance" cartoons.
Roberta Mac Donald, editor of the
California Pelican, who did the now
famous cartoon on the Stanford
student beating case, has been prom
ised a position on the New Yorker
following her graduation in May.
Miss Mac Donald has become quite
well known for her "social signifi
cance" cartoons.
