# 'Carillon' Calls For Manuscripts
## 
### 
The Carillon, Stanford's newest
magazine, is in need of student-writ
ten material. Manuscripts of all
sort, short stories, articles, poems
arc wanted, the editorial board has
declared.
No manuscript should exceed 3500
words in length, and should be
typewritten. Deadilne for contribu
tions is May 12. For further infor
mation and to submit material, see
Louise Purwin, Lagunita; John Lu
cas, Toyon; George Good, Encina;
or by mail to Editor Clarence Bur
ley, Box 2256. Tentative publication
date for the first issue of The Car
illon is May 28.
The Carillon, Stanford's newest
magazine, is in need of student-writ
ten material. Manuscripts of all
sort, short stories, articles, poems
arc wanted, the editorial board has
declared.
No manuscript should exceed 3500
words in length, and should be
typewritten. Deadilne for contribu
tions is May 12. For further infor
mation and to submit material, see
Louise Purwin, Lagunita; John Lu
cas, Toyon; George Good, Encina;
or by mail to Editor Clarence Bur
ley, Box 2256. Tentative publication
date for the first issue of The Car
illon is May 28.
The Carillon, Stanford's newest
magazine, is in need of student-writ
ten material. Manuscripts of all
sort, short stories, articles, poems
arc wanted, the editorial board has
declared.
No manuscript should exceed 3500
words in length, and should be
typewritten. Deadilne for contribu
tions is May 12. For further infor
mation and to submit material, see
Louise Purwin, Lagunita; John Lu
cas, Toyon; George Good, Encina;
or by mail to Editor Clarence Bur
ley, Box 2256. Tentative publication
date for the first issue of The Car
illon is May 28.
The Carillon, Stanford's newest
magazine, is in need of student-writ
ten material. Manuscripts of all
sort, short stories, articles, poems
arc wanted, the editorial board has
declared.
No manuscript should exceed 3500
words in length, and should be
typewritten. Deadilne for contribu
tions is May 12. For further infor
mation and to submit material, see
Louise Purwin, Lagunita; John Lu
cas, Toyon; George Good, Encina;
or by mail to Editor Clarence Bur
ley, Box 2256. Tentative publication
date for the first issue of The Car
illon is May 28.
The Carillon, Stanford's newest
magazine, is in need of student-writ
ten material. Manuscripts of all
sort, short stories, articles, poems
arc wanted, the editorial board has
declared.
No manuscript should exceed 3500
words in length, and should be
typewritten. Deadilne for contribu
tions is May 12. For further infor
mation and to submit material, see
Louise Purwin, Lagunita; John Lu
cas, Toyon; George Good, Encina;
or by mail to Editor Clarence Bur
ley, Box 2256. Tentative publication
date for the first issue of The Car
illon is May 28.
The Carillon, Stanford's newest
magazine, is in need of student-writ
ten material. Manuscripts of all
sort, short stories, articles, poems
arc wanted, the editorial board has
declared.
No manuscript should exceed 3500
words in length, and should be
typewritten. Deadilne for contribu
tions is May 12. For further infor
mation and to submit material, see
Louise Purwin, Lagunita; John Lu
cas, Toyon; George Good, Encina;
or by mail to Editor Clarence Bur
ley, Box 2256. Tentative publication
date for the first issue of The Car
illon is May 28.
The Carillon, Stanford's newest
magazine, is in need of student-writ
ten material. Manuscripts of all
sort, short stories, articles, poems
arc wanted, the editorial board has
declared.
No manuscript should exceed 3500
words in length, and should be
typewritten. Deadilne for contribu
tions is May 12. For further infor
mation and to submit material, see
Louise Purwin, Lagunita; John Lu
cas, Toyon; George Good, Encina;
or by mail to Editor Clarence Bur
ley, Box 2256. Tentative publication
date for the first issue of The Car
illon is May 28.
The Carillon, Stanford's newest
magazine, is in need of student-writ
ten material. Manuscripts of all
sort, short stories, articles, poems
arc wanted, the editorial board has
declared.
No manuscript should exceed 3500
words in length, and should be
typewritten. Deadilne for contribu
tions is May 12. For further infor
mation and to submit material, see
Louise Purwin, Lagunita; John Lu
cas, Toyon; George Good, Encina;
or by mail to Editor Clarence Bur
ley, Box 2256. Tentative publication
date for the first issue of The Car
illon is May 28.
The Carillon, Stanford's newest
magazine, is in need of student-writ
ten material. Manuscripts of all
sort, short stories, articles, poems
arc wanted, the editorial board has
declared.
No manuscript should exceed 3500
words in length, and should be
typewritten. Deadilne for contribu
tions is May 12. For further infor
mation and to submit material, see
Louise Purwin, Lagunita; John Lu
cas, Toyon; George Good, Encina;
or by mail to Editor Clarence Bur
ley, Box 2256. Tentative publication
date for the first issue of The Car
illon is May 28.
The Carillon, Stanford's newest
magazine, is in need of student-writ
ten material. Manuscripts of all
sort, short stories, articles, poems
arc wanted, the editorial board has
declared.
No manuscript should exceed 3500
words in length, and should be
typewritten. Deadilne for contribu
tions is May 12. For further infor
mation and to submit material, see
Louise Purwin, Lagunita; John Lu
cas, Toyon; George Good, Encina;
or by mail to Editor Clarence Bur
ley, Box 2256. Tentative publication
date for the first issue of The Car
illon is May 28.
The Carillon, Stanford's newest
magazine, is in need of student-writ
ten material. Manuscripts of all
sort, short stories, articles, poems
arc wanted, the editorial board has
declared.
No manuscript should exceed 3500
words in length, and should be
typewritten. Deadilne for contribu
tions is May 12. For further infor
mation and to submit material, see
Louise Purwin, Lagunita; John Lu
cas, Toyon; George Good, Encina;
or by mail to Editor Clarence Bur
ley, Box 2256. Tentative publication
date for the first issue of The Car
illon is May 28.
The Carillon, Stanford's newest
magazine, is in need of student-writ
ten material. Manuscripts of all
sort, short stories, articles, poems
arc wanted, the editorial board has
declared.
No manuscript should exceed 3500
words in length, and should be
typewritten. Deadilne for contribu
tions is May 12. For further infor
mation and to submit material, see
Louise Purwin, Lagunita; John Lu
cas, Toyon; George Good, Encina;
or by mail to Editor Clarence Bur
ley, Box 2256. Tentative publication
date for the first issue of The Car
illon is May 28.
The Carillon, Stanford's newest
magazine, is in need of student-writ
ten material. Manuscripts of all
sort, short stories, articles, poems
arc wanted, the editorial board has
declared.
No manuscript should exceed 3500
words in length, and should be
typewritten. Deadilne for contribu
tions is May 12. For further infor
mation and to submit material, see
Louise Purwin, Lagunita; John Lu
cas, Toyon; George Good, Encina;
or by mail to Editor Clarence Bur
ley, Box 2256. Tentative publication
date for the first issue of The Car
illon is May 28.
The Carillon, Stanford's newest
magazine, is in need of student-writ
ten material. Manuscripts of all
sort, short stories, articles, poems
arc wanted, the editorial board has
declared.
No manuscript should exceed 3500
words in length, and should be
typewritten. Deadilne for contribu
tions is May 12. For further infor
mation and to submit material, see
Louise Purwin, Lagunita; John Lu
cas, Toyon; George Good, Encina;
or by mail to Editor Clarence Bur
ley, Box 2256. Tentative publication
date for the first issue of The Car
illon is May 28.
The Carillon, Stanford's newest
magazine, is in need of student-writ
ten material. Manuscripts of all
sort, short stories, articles, poems
arc wanted, the editorial board has
declared.
No manuscript should exceed 3500
words in length, and should be
typewritten. Deadilne for contribu
tions is May 12. For further infor
mation and to submit material, see
Louise Purwin, Lagunita; John Lu
cas, Toyon; George Good, Encina;
or by mail to Editor Clarence Bur
ley, Box 2256. Tentative publication
date for the first issue of The Car
illon is May 28.
The Carillon, Stanford's newest
magazine, is in need of student-writ
ten material. Manuscripts of all
sort, short stories, articles, poems
arc wanted, the editorial board has
declared.
No manuscript should exceed 3500
words in length, and should be
typewritten. Deadilne for contribu
tions is May 12. For further infor
mation and to submit material, see
Louise Purwin, Lagunita; John Lu
cas, Toyon; George Good, Encina;
or by mail to Editor Clarence Bur
ley, Box 2256. Tentative publication
date for the first issue of The Car
illon is May 28.
The Carillon, Stanford's newest
magazine, is in need of student-writ
ten material. Manuscripts of all
sort, short stories, articles, poems
arc wanted, the editorial board has
declared.
No manuscript should exceed 3500
words in length, and should be
typewritten. Deadilne for contribu
tions is May 12. For further infor
mation and to submit material, see
Louise Purwin, Lagunita; John Lu
cas, Toyon; George Good, Encina;
or by mail to Editor Clarence Bur
ley, Box 2256. Tentative publication
date for the first issue of The Car
illon is May 28.
The Carillon, Stanford's newest
magazine, is in need of student-writ
ten material. Manuscripts of all
sort, short stories, articles, poems
arc wanted, the editorial board has
declared.
No manuscript should exceed 3500
words in length, and should be
typewritten. Deadilne for contribu
tions is May 12. For further infor
mation and to submit material, see
Louise Purwin, Lagunita; John Lu
cas, Toyon; George Good, Encina;
or by mail to Editor Clarence Bur
ley, Box 2256. Tentative publication
date for the first issue of The Car
illon is May 28.
