# Adv. 12 Page 3
## 
### 
Sport Oxfords -
for. --.i "
" Doc/s |{
.4 * Trim colorful oxfords that
\\Vv\v • uc m^c ' c *° y° ur
properly.
BAR RY'S
BROWN BILT SHOES
276 UNIVERSITY
Sport Oxfords -
for. --.i "
" Doc/s |{
.4 * Trim colorful oxfords that
\\Vv\v • uc m^c ' c *° y° ur
properly.
BAR RY'S
BROWN BILT SHOES
276 UNIVERSITY
Sport Oxfords -
for. --.i "
" Doc/s |{
.4 * Trim colorful oxfords that
\\Vv\v • uc m^c ' c *° y° ur
properly.
BAR RY'S
BROWN BILT SHOES
276 UNIVERSITY
Sport Oxfords -
for. --.i "
" Doc/s |{
.4 * Trim colorful oxfords that
\\Vv\v • uc m^c ' c *° y° ur
properly.
BAR RY'S
BROWN BILT SHOES
276 UNIVERSITY
Sport Oxfords -
for. --.i "
" Doc/s |{
.4 * Trim colorful oxfords that
\\Vv\v • uc m^c ' c *° y° ur
properly.
BAR RY'S
BROWN BILT SHOES
276 UNIVERSITY
Sport Oxfords -
for. --.i "
" Doc/s |{
.4 * Trim colorful oxfords that
\\Vv\v • uc m^c ' c *° y° ur
properly.
BAR RY'S
BROWN BILT SHOES
276 UNIVERSITY
Sport Oxfords -
for. --.i "
" Doc/s |{
.4 * Trim colorful oxfords that
\\Vv\v • uc m^c ' c *° y° ur
properly.
BAR RY'S
BROWN BILT SHOES
276 UNIVERSITY
Sport Oxfords -
for. --.i "
" Doc/s |{
.4 * Trim colorful oxfords that
\\Vv\v • uc m^c ' c *° y° ur
properly.
BAR RY'S
BROWN BILT SHOES
276 UNIVERSITY
Sport Oxfords -
for. --.i "
" Doc/s |{
.4 * Trim colorful oxfords that
\\Vv\v • uc m^c ' c *° y° ur
properly.
BAR RY'S
BROWN BILT SHOES
276 UNIVERSITY
Sport Oxfords -
for. --.i "
" Doc/s |{
.4 * Trim colorful oxfords that
\\Vv\v • uc m^c ' c *° y° ur
properly.
BAR RY'S
BROWN BILT SHOES
276 UNIVERSITY
Sport Oxfords -
for. --.i "
" Doc/s |{
.4 * Trim colorful oxfords that
\\Vv\v • uc m^c ' c *° y° ur
properly.
BAR RY'S
BROWN BILT SHOES
276 UNIVERSITY
Sport Oxfords -
for. --.i "
" Doc/s |{
.4 * Trim colorful oxfords that
\\Vv\v • uc m^c ' c *° y° ur
properly.
BAR RY'S
BROWN BILT SHOES
276 UNIVERSITY
Sport Oxfords -
for. --.i "
" Doc/s |{
.4 * Trim colorful oxfords that
\\Vv\v • uc m^c ' c *° y° ur
properly.
BAR RY'S
BROWN BILT SHOES
276 UNIVERSITY
Sport Oxfords -
for. --.i "
" Doc/s |{
.4 * Trim colorful oxfords that
\\Vv\v • uc m^c ' c *° y° ur
properly.
BAR RY'S
BROWN BILT SHOES
276 UNIVERSITY
Sport Oxfords -
for. --.i "
" Doc/s |{
.4 * Trim colorful oxfords that
\\Vv\v • uc m^c ' c *° y° ur
properly.
BAR RY'S
BROWN BILT SHOES
276 UNIVERSITY
