# Registration Tops Last Spring's Total
## 
### 
Topping registration of 3406 for
Spring Quarter last year by 250,
yesterday's figures ga\* a total of
3710 who have so far made their
chocks payable. The Registrar's of
fico expects this number to be con
siderably increased by late regis
traions.
An increase w-is shown in tlie
number of both men and women
registered, when compared with last
spring. So far 2021 men have
"weighed in" at the Ad Building, a;
against 2308 last March 28, and
.1(1% women, as against 998.
Topping registration of 3406 for
Spring Quarter last year by 250,
yesterday's figures ga\* a total of
3710 who have so far made their
chocks payable. The Registrar's of
fico expects this number to be con
siderably increased by late regis
traions.
An increase w-is shown in tlie
number of both men and women
registered, when compared with last
spring. So far 2021 men have
"weighed in" at the Ad Building, a;
against 2308 last March 28, and
.1(1% women, as against 998.
Topping registration of 3406 for
Spring Quarter last year by 250,
yesterday's figures ga\* a total of
3710 who have so far made their
chocks payable. The Registrar's of
fico expects this number to be con
siderably increased by late regis
traions.
An increase w-is shown in tlie
number of both men and women
registered, when compared with last
spring. So far 2021 men have
"weighed in" at the Ad Building, a;
against 2308 last March 28, and
.1(1% women, as against 998.
Topping registration of 3406 for
Spring Quarter last year by 250,
yesterday's figures ga\* a total of
3710 who have so far made their
chocks payable. The Registrar's of
fico expects this number to be con
siderably increased by late regis
traions.
An increase w-is shown in tlie
number of both men and women
registered, when compared with last
spring. So far 2021 men have
"weighed in" at the Ad Building, a;
against 2308 last March 28, and
.1(1% women, as against 998.
Topping registration of 3406 for
Spring Quarter last year by 250,
yesterday's figures ga\* a total of
3710 who have so far made their
chocks payable. The Registrar's of
fico expects this number to be con
siderably increased by late regis
traions.
An increase w-is shown in tlie
number of both men and women
registered, when compared with last
spring. So far 2021 men have
"weighed in" at the Ad Building, a;
against 2308 last March 28, and
.1(1% women, as against 998.
Topping registration of 3406 for
Spring Quarter last year by 250,
yesterday's figures ga\* a total of
3710 who have so far made their
chocks payable. The Registrar's of
fico expects this number to be con
siderably increased by late regis
traions.
An increase w-is shown in tlie
number of both men and women
registered, when compared with last
spring. So far 2021 men have
"weighed in" at the Ad Building, a;
against 2308 last March 28, and
.1(1% women, as against 998.
Topping registration of 3406 for
Spring Quarter last year by 250,
yesterday's figures ga\* a total of
3710 who have so far made their
chocks payable. The Registrar's of
fico expects this number to be con
siderably increased by late regis
traions.
An increase w-is shown in tlie
number of both men and women
registered, when compared with last
spring. So far 2021 men have
"weighed in" at the Ad Building, a;
against 2308 last March 28, and
.1(1% women, as against 998.
Topping registration of 3406 for
Spring Quarter last year by 250,
yesterday's figures ga\* a total of
3710 who have so far made their
chocks payable. The Registrar's of
fico expects this number to be con
siderably increased by late regis
traions.
An increase w-is shown in tlie
number of both men and women
registered, when compared with last
spring. So far 2021 men have
"weighed in" at the Ad Building, a;
against 2308 last March 28, and
.1(1% women, as against 998.
Topping registration of 3406 for
Spring Quarter last year by 250,
yesterday's figures ga\* a total of
3710 who have so far made their
chocks payable. The Registrar's of
fico expects this number to be con
siderably increased by late regis
traions.
An increase w-is shown in tlie
number of both men and women
registered, when compared with last
spring. So far 2021 men have
"weighed in" at the Ad Building, a;
against 2308 last March 28, and
.1(1% women, as against 998.
Topping registration of 3406 for
Spring Quarter last year by 250,
yesterday's figures ga\* a total of
3710 who have so far made their
chocks payable. The Registrar's of
fico expects this number to be con
siderably increased by late regis
traions.
An increase w-is shown in tlie
number of both men and women
registered, when compared with last
spring. So far 2021 men have
"weighed in" at the Ad Building, a;
against 2308 last March 28, and
.1(1% women, as against 998.
Topping registration of 3406 for
Spring Quarter last year by 250,
yesterday's figures ga\* a total of
3710 who have so far made their
chocks payable. The Registrar's of
fico expects this number to be con
siderably increased by late regis
traions.
An increase w-is shown in tlie
number of both men and women
registered, when compared with last
spring. So far 2021 men have
"weighed in" at the Ad Building, a;
against 2308 last March 28, and
.1(1% women, as against 998.
Topping registration of 3406 for
Spring Quarter last year by 250,
yesterday's figures ga\* a total of
3710 who have so far made their
chocks payable. The Registrar's of
fico expects this number to be con
siderably increased by late regis
traions.
An increase w-is shown in tlie
number of both men and women
registered, when compared with last
spring. So far 2021 men have
"weighed in" at the Ad Building, a;
against 2308 last March 28, and
.1(1% women, as against 998.
Topping registration of 3406 for
Spring Quarter last year by 250,
yesterday's figures ga\* a total of
3710 who have so far made their
chocks payable. The Registrar's of
fico expects this number to be con
siderably increased by late regis
traions.
An increase w-is shown in tlie
number of both men and women
registered, when compared with last
spring. So far 2021 men have
"weighed in" at the Ad Building, a;
against 2308 last March 28, and
.1(1% women, as against 998.
Topping registration of 3406 for
Spring Quarter last year by 250,
yesterday's figures ga\* a total of
3710 who have so far made their
chocks payable. The Registrar's of
fico expects this number to be con
siderably increased by late regis
traions.
An increase w-is shown in tlie
number of both men and women
registered, when compared with last
spring. So far 2021 men have
"weighed in" at the Ad Building, a;
against 2308 last March 28, and
.1(1% women, as against 998.
Topping registration of 3406 for
Spring Quarter last year by 250,
yesterday's figures ga\* a total of
3710 who have so far made their
chocks payable. The Registrar's of
fico expects this number to be con
siderably increased by late regis
traions.
An increase w-is shown in tlie
number of both men and women
registered, when compared with last
spring. So far 2021 men have
"weighed in" at the Ad Building, a;
against 2308 last March 28, and
.1(1% women, as against 998.
