# MODERN WING IS ADDED TO REDWOOD BOATHOUSE
## 
### 
Facilities for crew workouts at the
Redwood estuary have been greatly
enhanced by the building of a new
wing to the boathouse, which fronts
on San Francisco bay. The structure
contains well equipped dressing rooms
for the athletes and several showers.
Facilities for crew workouts at the
Redwood estuary have been greatly
enhanced by the building of a new
wing to the boathouse, which fronts
on San Francisco bay. The structure
contains well equipped dressing rooms
for the athletes and several showers.
Facilities for crew workouts at the
Redwood estuary have been greatly
enhanced by the building of a new
wing to the boathouse, which fronts
on San Francisco bay. The structure
contains well equipped dressing rooms
for the athletes and several showers.
Facilities for crew workouts at the
Redwood estuary have been greatly
enhanced by the building of a new
wing to the boathouse, which fronts
on San Francisco bay. The structure
contains well equipped dressing rooms
for the athletes and several showers.
Facilities for crew workouts at the
Redwood estuary have been greatly
enhanced by the building of a new
wing to the boathouse, which fronts
on San Francisco bay. The structure
contains well equipped dressing rooms
for the athletes and several showers.
Facilities for crew workouts at the
Redwood estuary have been greatly
enhanced by the building of a new
wing to the boathouse, which fronts
on San Francisco bay. The structure
contains well equipped dressing rooms
for the athletes and several showers.
Facilities for crew workouts at the
Redwood estuary have been greatly
enhanced by the building of a new
wing to the boathouse, which fronts
on San Francisco bay. The structure
contains well equipped dressing rooms
for the athletes and several showers.
Facilities for crew workouts at the
Redwood estuary have been greatly
enhanced by the building of a new
wing to the boathouse, which fronts
on San Francisco bay. The structure
contains well equipped dressing rooms
for the athletes and several showers.
Facilities for crew workouts at the
Redwood estuary have been greatly
enhanced by the building of a new
wing to the boathouse, which fronts
on San Francisco bay. The structure
contains well equipped dressing rooms
for the athletes and several showers.
Facilities for crew workouts at the
Redwood estuary have been greatly
enhanced by the building of a new
wing to the boathouse, which fronts
on San Francisco bay. The structure
contains well equipped dressing rooms
for the athletes and several showers.
Facilities for crew workouts at the
Redwood estuary have been greatly
enhanced by the building of a new
wing to the boathouse, which fronts
on San Francisco bay. The structure
contains well equipped dressing rooms
for the athletes and several showers.
Facilities for crew workouts at the
Redwood estuary have been greatly
enhanced by the building of a new
wing to the boathouse, which fronts
on San Francisco bay. The structure
contains well equipped dressing rooms
for the athletes and several showers.
Facilities for crew workouts at the
Redwood estuary have been greatly
enhanced by the building of a new
wing to the boathouse, which fronts
on San Francisco bay. The structure
contains well equipped dressing rooms
for the athletes and several showers.
