# Adv. 27 Page 4
## 
### 
Deadline for "Once Around (lie
Quad" items is p.m. 011 the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around (lie
Quad" items is p.m. 011 the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around (lie
Quad" items is p.m. 011 the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around (lie
Quad" items is p.m. 011 the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around (lie
Quad" items is p.m. 011 the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around (lie
Quad" items is p.m. 011 the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around (lie
Quad" items is p.m. 011 the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around (lie
Quad" items is p.m. 011 the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around (lie
Quad" items is p.m. 011 the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around (lie
Quad" items is p.m. 011 the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around (lie
Quad" items is p.m. 011 the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around (lie
Quad" items is p.m. 011 the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around (lie
Quad" items is p.m. 011 the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around (lie
Quad" items is p.m. 011 the day
before publication.
