# STERN COFFEE HOUR
## 
### 
Stern Hall will hold an all-campus
coffee hour Sunday night after the
Sunday Evening Flicks. Coffee, co
cda. and cookies will he served.
There will he dancing in the din
inq hall to the music of Leonard
Fitch and his three-piece combo
Stern Hall will hold an all-campus
coffee hour Sunday night after the
Sunday Evening Flicks. Coffee, co
cda. and cookies will he served.
There will he dancing in the din
inq hall to the music of Leonard
Fitch and his three-piece combo
Stern Hall will hold an all-campus
coffee hour Sunday night after the
Sunday Evening Flicks. Coffee, co
cda. and cookies will he served.
There will he dancing in the din
inq hall to the music of Leonard
Fitch and his three-piece combo
Stern Hall will hold an all-campus
coffee hour Sunday night after the
Sunday Evening Flicks. Coffee, co
cda. and cookies will he served.
There will he dancing in the din
inq hall to the music of Leonard
Fitch and his three-piece combo
Stern Hall will hold an all-campus
coffee hour Sunday night after the
Sunday Evening Flicks. Coffee, co
cda. and cookies will he served.
There will he dancing in the din
inq hall to the music of Leonard
Fitch and his three-piece combo
Stern Hall will hold an all-campus
coffee hour Sunday night after the
Sunday Evening Flicks. Coffee, co
cda. and cookies will he served.
There will he dancing in the din
inq hall to the music of Leonard
Fitch and his three-piece combo
Stern Hall will hold an all-campus
coffee hour Sunday night after the
Sunday Evening Flicks. Coffee, co
cda. and cookies will he served.
There will he dancing in the din
inq hall to the music of Leonard
Fitch and his three-piece combo
Stern Hall will hold an all-campus
coffee hour Sunday night after the
Sunday Evening Flicks. Coffee, co
cda. and cookies will he served.
There will he dancing in the din
inq hall to the music of Leonard
Fitch and his three-piece combo
Stern Hall will hold an all-campus
coffee hour Sunday night after the
Sunday Evening Flicks. Coffee, co
cda. and cookies will he served.
There will he dancing in the din
inq hall to the music of Leonard
Fitch and his three-piece combo
Stern Hall will hold an all-campus
coffee hour Sunday night after the
Sunday Evening Flicks. Coffee, co
cda. and cookies will he served.
There will he dancing in the din
inq hall to the music of Leonard
Fitch and his three-piece combo
Stern Hall will hold an all-campus
coffee hour Sunday night after the
Sunday Evening Flicks. Coffee, co
cda. and cookies will he served.
There will he dancing in the din
inq hall to the music of Leonard
Fitch and his three-piece combo
Stern Hall will hold an all-campus
coffee hour Sunday night after the
Sunday Evening Flicks. Coffee, co
cda. and cookies will he served.
There will he dancing in the din
inq hall to the music of Leonard
Fitch and his three-piece combo
Stern Hall will hold an all-campus
coffee hour Sunday night after the
Sunday Evening Flicks. Coffee, co
cda. and cookies will he served.
There will he dancing in the din
inq hall to the music of Leonard
Fitch and his three-piece combo
Stern Hall will hold an all-campus
coffee hour Sunday night after the
Sunday Evening Flicks. Coffee, co
cda. and cookies will he served.
There will he dancing in the din
inq hall to the music of Leonard
Fitch and his three-piece combo
