# Spring Aquacade Set for Next Week
## 
### 
The Stanford Swim Club will pre
sent its annual spring aquacade,
"Bit o' Seasoning," May 10 and 20
at 8:30 p.m. in the Women's Gym.
Admission to the show is free.
Tickets may be obtained at the
ASSU office or from any Swim Club
member.
The show will feature floating
stunts and kickboard and diving ex
hibitions.
The Stanford Swim Club will pre
sent its annual spring aquacade,
"Bit o' Seasoning," May 10 and 20
at 8:30 p.m. in the Women's Gym.
Admission to the show is free.
Tickets may be obtained at the
ASSU office or from any Swim Club
member.
The show will feature floating
stunts and kickboard and diving ex
hibitions.
The Stanford Swim Club will pre
sent its annual spring aquacade,
"Bit o' Seasoning," May 10 and 20
at 8:30 p.m. in the Women's Gym.
Admission to the show is free.
Tickets may be obtained at the
ASSU office or from any Swim Club
member.
The show will feature floating
stunts and kickboard and diving ex
hibitions.
The Stanford Swim Club will pre
sent its annual spring aquacade,
"Bit o' Seasoning," May 10 and 20
at 8:30 p.m. in the Women's Gym.
Admission to the show is free.
Tickets may be obtained at the
ASSU office or from any Swim Club
member.
The show will feature floating
stunts and kickboard and diving ex
hibitions.
The Stanford Swim Club will pre
sent its annual spring aquacade,
"Bit o' Seasoning," May 10 and 20
at 8:30 p.m. in the Women's Gym.
Admission to the show is free.
Tickets may be obtained at the
ASSU office or from any Swim Club
member.
The show will feature floating
stunts and kickboard and diving ex
hibitions.
The Stanford Swim Club will pre
sent its annual spring aquacade,
"Bit o' Seasoning," May 10 and 20
at 8:30 p.m. in the Women's Gym.
Admission to the show is free.
Tickets may be obtained at the
ASSU office or from any Swim Club
member.
The show will feature floating
stunts and kickboard and diving ex
hibitions.
The Stanford Swim Club will pre
sent its annual spring aquacade,
"Bit o' Seasoning," May 10 and 20
at 8:30 p.m. in the Women's Gym.
Admission to the show is free.
Tickets may be obtained at the
ASSU office or from any Swim Club
member.
The show will feature floating
stunts and kickboard and diving ex
hibitions.
The Stanford Swim Club will pre
sent its annual spring aquacade,
"Bit o' Seasoning," May 10 and 20
at 8:30 p.m. in the Women's Gym.
Admission to the show is free.
Tickets may be obtained at the
ASSU office or from any Swim Club
member.
The show will feature floating
stunts and kickboard and diving ex
hibitions.
The Stanford Swim Club will pre
sent its annual spring aquacade,
"Bit o' Seasoning," May 10 and 20
at 8:30 p.m. in the Women's Gym.
Admission to the show is free.
Tickets may be obtained at the
ASSU office or from any Swim Club
member.
The show will feature floating
stunts and kickboard and diving ex
hibitions.
The Stanford Swim Club will pre
sent its annual spring aquacade,
"Bit o' Seasoning," May 10 and 20
at 8:30 p.m. in the Women's Gym.
Admission to the show is free.
Tickets may be obtained at the
ASSU office or from any Swim Club
member.
The show will feature floating
stunts and kickboard and diving ex
hibitions.
The Stanford Swim Club will pre
sent its annual spring aquacade,
"Bit o' Seasoning," May 10 and 20
at 8:30 p.m. in the Women's Gym.
Admission to the show is free.
Tickets may be obtained at the
ASSU office or from any Swim Club
member.
The show will feature floating
stunts and kickboard and diving ex
hibitions.
The Stanford Swim Club will pre
sent its annual spring aquacade,
"Bit o' Seasoning," May 10 and 20
at 8:30 p.m. in the Women's Gym.
Admission to the show is free.
Tickets may be obtained at the
ASSU office or from any Swim Club
member.
The show will feature floating
stunts and kickboard and diving ex
hibitions.
The Stanford Swim Club will pre
sent its annual spring aquacade,
"Bit o' Seasoning," May 10 and 20
at 8:30 p.m. in the Women's Gym.
Admission to the show is free.
Tickets may be obtained at the
ASSU office or from any Swim Club
member.
The show will feature floating
stunts and kickboard and diving ex
hibitions.
The Stanford Swim Club will pre
sent its annual spring aquacade,
"Bit o' Seasoning," May 10 and 20
at 8:30 p.m. in the Women's Gym.
Admission to the show is free.
Tickets may be obtained at the
ASSU office or from any Swim Club
member.
The show will feature floating
stunts and kickboard and diving ex
hibitions.
