# CAR CATCHES FIRE
## 
### 
An automobile fire started by a
short-circuit in the ignition system
was extinguished late Wednesday
night, by the Stanford Fire Depart
ment.
The ear belongs tn Frances Blunt,
Lagunita junior, who was able to
drive her vehicle to the fire station
for aid.
An automobile fire started by a
short-circuit in the ignition system
was extinguished late Wednesday
night, by the Stanford Fire Depart
ment.
The ear belongs tn Frances Blunt,
Lagunita junior, who was able to
drive her vehicle to the fire station
for aid.
An automobile fire started by a
short-circuit in the ignition system
was extinguished late Wednesday
night, by the Stanford Fire Depart
ment.
The ear belongs tn Frances Blunt,
Lagunita junior, who was able to
drive her vehicle to the fire station
for aid.
An automobile fire started by a
short-circuit in the ignition system
was extinguished late Wednesday
night, by the Stanford Fire Depart
ment.
The ear belongs tn Frances Blunt,
Lagunita junior, who was able to
drive her vehicle to the fire station
for aid.
An automobile fire started by a
short-circuit in the ignition system
was extinguished late Wednesday
night, by the Stanford Fire Depart
ment.
The ear belongs tn Frances Blunt,
Lagunita junior, who was able to
drive her vehicle to the fire station
for aid.
An automobile fire started by a
short-circuit in the ignition system
was extinguished late Wednesday
night, by the Stanford Fire Depart
ment.
The ear belongs tn Frances Blunt,
Lagunita junior, who was able to
drive her vehicle to the fire station
for aid.
An automobile fire started by a
short-circuit in the ignition system
was extinguished late Wednesday
night, by the Stanford Fire Depart
ment.
The ear belongs tn Frances Blunt,
Lagunita junior, who was able to
drive her vehicle to the fire station
for aid.
An automobile fire started by a
short-circuit in the ignition system
was extinguished late Wednesday
night, by the Stanford Fire Depart
ment.
The ear belongs tn Frances Blunt,
Lagunita junior, who was able to
drive her vehicle to the fire station
for aid.
An automobile fire started by a
short-circuit in the ignition system
was extinguished late Wednesday
night, by the Stanford Fire Depart
ment.
The ear belongs tn Frances Blunt,
Lagunita junior, who was able to
drive her vehicle to the fire station
for aid.
An automobile fire started by a
short-circuit in the ignition system
was extinguished late Wednesday
night, by the Stanford Fire Depart
ment.
The ear belongs tn Frances Blunt,
Lagunita junior, who was able to
drive her vehicle to the fire station
for aid.
An automobile fire started by a
short-circuit in the ignition system
was extinguished late Wednesday
night, by the Stanford Fire Depart
ment.
The ear belongs tn Frances Blunt,
Lagunita junior, who was able to
drive her vehicle to the fire station
for aid.
An automobile fire started by a
short-circuit in the ignition system
was extinguished late Wednesday
night, by the Stanford Fire Depart
ment.
The ear belongs tn Frances Blunt,
Lagunita junior, who was able to
drive her vehicle to the fire station
for aid.
An automobile fire started by a
short-circuit in the ignition system
was extinguished late Wednesday
night, by the Stanford Fire Depart
ment.
The ear belongs tn Frances Blunt,
Lagunita junior, who was able to
drive her vehicle to the fire station
for aid.
An automobile fire started by a
short-circuit in the ignition system
was extinguished late Wednesday
night, by the Stanford Fire Depart
ment.
The ear belongs tn Frances Blunt,
Lagunita junior, who was able to
drive her vehicle to the fire station
for aid.
