# In Memoriam.
## 
### 
Dikd. —At her late home, Wednes
day, Sept. 4, 1895, at3p.m., Minnie
A., wife of Prof. Ernest M. Pease.
Funeral services held at the resi
dence, Friday, Sept. 6, at 10:30
a.m.
Dikd. —At her late home, Wednes
day, Sept. 4, 1895, at3p.m., Minnie
A., wife of Prof. Ernest M. Pease.
Funeral services held at the resi
dence, Friday, Sept. 6, at 10:30
a.m.
Dikd. —At her late home, Wednes
day, Sept. 4, 1895, at3p.m., Minnie
A., wife of Prof. Ernest M. Pease.
Funeral services held at the resi
dence, Friday, Sept. 6, at 10:30
a.m.
Dikd. —At her late home, Wednes
day, Sept. 4, 1895, at3p.m., Minnie
A., wife of Prof. Ernest M. Pease.
Funeral services held at the resi
dence, Friday, Sept. 6, at 10:30
a.m.
