# Untitled Article
## 
### 
llavk you got the worst ease of
rheumatism in town? I will cure
you! Prof. H. L. Til ley, Palo Alto
Hotel.
llavk you got the worst ease of
rheumatism in town? I will cure
you! Prof. H. L. Til ley, Palo Alto
Hotel.
llavk you got the worst ease of
rheumatism in town? I will cure
you! Prof. H. L. Til ley, Palo Alto
Hotel.
llavk you got the worst ease of
rheumatism in town? I will cure
you! Prof. H. L. Til ley, Palo Alto
Hotel.
llavk you got the worst ease of
rheumatism in town? I will cure
you! Prof. H. L. Til ley, Palo Alto
Hotel.
llavk you got the worst ease of
rheumatism in town? I will cure
you! Prof. H. L. Til ley, Palo Alto
Hotel.
llavk you got the worst ease of
rheumatism in town? I will cure
you! Prof. H. L. Til ley, Palo Alto
Hotel.
