# Some Cook.
## 
### 
Jew Lee, of the Stanford Inn, has
constructed a thing of beauty and a
joy forever, compared to which
Rhoda's Pagoda is as the waning moon
to the rising sun. The fairy palace is
constructed of paper maohe in pink,
white and paris green. A whiting
squeezer lias been used to make the
elaborate stuccos which cover the
walls of the first two girders. The
potential stress of the balustrades is
resisted by stout reenforcements of
tooth picks. The whole is surmounted
by a large roof, crowned by an Ameri
can flag. Other flags are used to ad
vantage for mural decoration. Thus
buildeth Jew Lee.
Jew Lee, of the Stanford Inn, has
constructed a thing of beauty and a
joy forever, compared to which
Rhoda's Pagoda is as the waning moon
to the rising sun. The fairy palace is
constructed of paper maohe in pink,
white and paris green. A whiting
squeezer lias been used to make the
elaborate stuccos which cover the
walls of the first two girders. The
potential stress of the balustrades is
resisted by stout reenforcements of
tooth picks. The whole is surmounted
by a large roof, crowned by an Ameri
can flag. Other flags are used to ad
vantage for mural decoration. Thus
buildeth Jew Lee.
Jew Lee, of the Stanford Inn, has
constructed a thing of beauty and a
joy forever, compared to which
Rhoda's Pagoda is as the waning moon
to the rising sun. The fairy palace is
constructed of paper maohe in pink,
white and paris green. A whiting
squeezer lias been used to make the
elaborate stuccos which cover the
walls of the first two girders. The
potential stress of the balustrades is
resisted by stout reenforcements of
tooth picks. The whole is surmounted
by a large roof, crowned by an Ameri
can flag. Other flags are used to ad
vantage for mural decoration. Thus
buildeth Jew Lee.
Jew Lee, of the Stanford Inn, has
constructed a thing of beauty and a
joy forever, compared to which
Rhoda's Pagoda is as the waning moon
to the rising sun. The fairy palace is
constructed of paper maohe in pink,
white and paris green. A whiting
squeezer lias been used to make the
elaborate stuccos which cover the
walls of the first two girders. The
potential stress of the balustrades is
resisted by stout reenforcements of
tooth picks. The whole is surmounted
by a large roof, crowned by an Ameri
can flag. Other flags are used to ad
vantage for mural decoration. Thus
buildeth Jew Lee.
Jew Lee, of the Stanford Inn, has
constructed a thing of beauty and a
joy forever, compared to which
Rhoda's Pagoda is as the waning moon
to the rising sun. The fairy palace is
constructed of paper maohe in pink,
white and paris green. A whiting
squeezer lias been used to make the
elaborate stuccos which cover the
walls of the first two girders. The
potential stress of the balustrades is
resisted by stout reenforcements of
tooth picks. The whole is surmounted
by a large roof, crowned by an Ameri
can flag. Other flags are used to ad
vantage for mural decoration. Thus
buildeth Jew Lee.
Jew Lee, of the Stanford Inn, has
constructed a thing of beauty and a
joy forever, compared to which
Rhoda's Pagoda is as the waning moon
to the rising sun. The fairy palace is
constructed of paper maohe in pink,
white and paris green. A whiting
squeezer lias been used to make the
elaborate stuccos which cover the
walls of the first two girders. The
potential stress of the balustrades is
resisted by stout reenforcements of
tooth picks. The whole is surmounted
by a large roof, crowned by an Ameri
can flag. Other flags are used to ad
vantage for mural decoration. Thus
buildeth Jew Lee.
Jew Lee, of the Stanford Inn, has
constructed a thing of beauty and a
joy forever, compared to which
Rhoda's Pagoda is as the waning moon
to the rising sun. The fairy palace is
constructed of paper maohe in pink,
white and paris green. A whiting
squeezer lias been used to make the
elaborate stuccos which cover the
walls of the first two girders. The
potential stress of the balustrades is
resisted by stout reenforcements of
tooth picks. The whole is surmounted
by a large roof, crowned by an Ameri
can flag. Other flags are used to ad
vantage for mural decoration. Thus
buildeth Jew Lee.
Jew Lee, of the Stanford Inn, has
constructed a thing of beauty and a
joy forever, compared to which
Rhoda's Pagoda is as the waning moon
to the rising sun. The fairy palace is
constructed of paper maohe in pink,
white and paris green. A whiting
squeezer lias been used to make the
elaborate stuccos which cover the
walls of the first two girders. The
potential stress of the balustrades is
resisted by stout reenforcements of
tooth picks. The whole is surmounted
by a large roof, crowned by an Ameri
can flag. Other flags are used to ad
vantage for mural decoration. Thus
buildeth Jew Lee.
Jew Lee, of the Stanford Inn, has
constructed a thing of beauty and a
joy forever, compared to which
Rhoda's Pagoda is as the waning moon
to the rising sun. The fairy palace is
constructed of paper maohe in pink,
white and paris green. A whiting
squeezer lias been used to make the
elaborate stuccos which cover the
walls of the first two girders. The
potential stress of the balustrades is
resisted by stout reenforcements of
tooth picks. The whole is surmounted
by a large roof, crowned by an Ameri
can flag. Other flags are used to ad
vantage for mural decoration. Thus
buildeth Jew Lee.
Jew Lee, of the Stanford Inn, has
constructed a thing of beauty and a
joy forever, compared to which
Rhoda's Pagoda is as the waning moon
to the rising sun. The fairy palace is
constructed of paper maohe in pink,
white and paris green. A whiting
squeezer lias been used to make the
elaborate stuccos which cover the
walls of the first two girders. The
potential stress of the balustrades is
resisted by stout reenforcements of
tooth picks. The whole is surmounted
by a large roof, crowned by an Ameri
can flag. Other flags are used to ad
vantage for mural decoration. Thus
buildeth Jew Lee.
Jew Lee, of the Stanford Inn, has
constructed a thing of beauty and a
joy forever, compared to which
Rhoda's Pagoda is as the waning moon
to the rising sun. The fairy palace is
constructed of paper maohe in pink,
white and paris green. A whiting
squeezer lias been used to make the
elaborate stuccos which cover the
walls of the first two girders. The
potential stress of the balustrades is
resisted by stout reenforcements of
tooth picks. The whole is surmounted
by a large roof, crowned by an Ameri
can flag. Other flags are used to ad
vantage for mural decoration. Thus
buildeth Jew Lee.
Jew Lee, of the Stanford Inn, has
constructed a thing of beauty and a
joy forever, compared to which
Rhoda's Pagoda is as the waning moon
to the rising sun. The fairy palace is
constructed of paper maohe in pink,
white and paris green. A whiting
squeezer lias been used to make the
elaborate stuccos which cover the
walls of the first two girders. The
potential stress of the balustrades is
resisted by stout reenforcements of
tooth picks. The whole is surmounted
by a large roof, crowned by an Ameri
can flag. Other flags are used to ad
vantage for mural decoration. Thus
buildeth Jew Lee.
Jew Lee, of the Stanford Inn, has
constructed a thing of beauty and a
joy forever, compared to which
Rhoda's Pagoda is as the waning moon
to the rising sun. The fairy palace is
constructed of paper maohe in pink,
white and paris green. A whiting
squeezer lias been used to make the
elaborate stuccos which cover the
walls of the first two girders. The
potential stress of the balustrades is
resisted by stout reenforcements of
tooth picks. The whole is surmounted
by a large roof, crowned by an Ameri
can flag. Other flags are used to ad
vantage for mural decoration. Thus
buildeth Jew Lee.
