# QUAD PHOTOGRAPHIC TRYOUTS TOMORROW
## 
### 
Tryouts for the positions of photo
graphic editors of the 1928 and 1929
iuads will be hold tomorrow night at
o'clock, upstairs in the Press build
up, according to Kenneth C. Brown,
photographic editor of the 1927 Quad,
who will be in charge of the tryoutees.
Two appointments will be made this
year, for photographic edit of the
1928 Quad and the 1929 Quad, giving
juniors, as well as sophomores and
freshmen, a chance to try out. The
position is one of the four salaried
positions on the Quad editorial staff.
Tryoutees will have assignments for
ithletic pictures, group pictures, flash
lighls of dances and pictures of vari
ous campus activities. Those with
talent for action pictures will be able
to get passes for the athletic events.
