# Alpha Chi Sigma Sponsors Chemistry Smoker Tonight
## 
### 
Alpha Chi Sigma will sponsor a
chemistry smoker in the lobby of the
Old Union at 7 o'clock tonight. Alpha
Chi Sigma is a professional chemistry
fraternity.
Alpha Chi Sigma will sponsor a
chemistry smoker in the lobby of the
Old Union at 7 o'clock tonight. Alpha
Chi Sigma is a professional chemistry
fraternity.
Alpha Chi Sigma will sponsor a
chemistry smoker in the lobby of the
Old Union at 7 o'clock tonight. Alpha
Chi Sigma is a professional chemistry
fraternity.
Alpha Chi Sigma will sponsor a
chemistry smoker in the lobby of the
Old Union at 7 o'clock tonight. Alpha
Chi Sigma is a professional chemistry
fraternity.
Alpha Chi Sigma will sponsor a
chemistry smoker in the lobby of the
Old Union at 7 o'clock tonight. Alpha
Chi Sigma is a professional chemistry
fraternity.
Alpha Chi Sigma will sponsor a
chemistry smoker in the lobby of the
Old Union at 7 o'clock tonight. Alpha
Chi Sigma is a professional chemistry
fraternity.
Alpha Chi Sigma will sponsor a
chemistry smoker in the lobby of the
Old Union at 7 o'clock tonight. Alpha
Chi Sigma is a professional chemistry
fraternity.
Alpha Chi Sigma will sponsor a
chemistry smoker in the lobby of the
Old Union at 7 o'clock tonight. Alpha
Chi Sigma is a professional chemistry
fraternity.
Alpha Chi Sigma will sponsor a
chemistry smoker in the lobby of the
Old Union at 7 o'clock tonight. Alpha
Chi Sigma is a professional chemistry
fraternity.
Alpha Chi Sigma will sponsor a
chemistry smoker in the lobby of the
Old Union at 7 o'clock tonight. Alpha
Chi Sigma is a professional chemistry
fraternity.
Alpha Chi Sigma will sponsor a
chemistry smoker in the lobby of the
Old Union at 7 o'clock tonight. Alpha
Chi Sigma is a professional chemistry
fraternity.
Alpha Chi Sigma will sponsor a
chemistry smoker in the lobby of the
Old Union at 7 o'clock tonight. Alpha
Chi Sigma is a professional chemistry
fraternity.
Alpha Chi Sigma will sponsor a
chemistry smoker in the lobby of the
Old Union at 7 o'clock tonight. Alpha
Chi Sigma is a professional chemistry
fraternity.
Alpha Chi Sigma will sponsor a
chemistry smoker in the lobby of the
Old Union at 7 o'clock tonight. Alpha
Chi Sigma is a professional chemistry
fraternity.
Alpha Chi Sigma will sponsor a
chemistry smoker in the lobby of the
Old Union at 7 o'clock tonight. Alpha
Chi Sigma is a professional chemistry
fraternity.
