# ANNOUNCEMENT
## 
### 
Volume XXXIII of the Quad will be
distributed to those with receipts be
tween 3 and 5 o'clock in the Trophy
Room of the Old Union Thursday
afternoon.
Volume XXXIII of the Quad will be
distributed to those with receipts be
tween 3 and 5 o'clock in the Trophy
Room of the Old Union Thursday
afternoon.
Volume XXXIII of the Quad will be
distributed to those with receipts be
tween 3 and 5 o'clock in the Trophy
Room of the Old Union Thursday
afternoon.
Volume XXXIII of the Quad will be
distributed to those with receipts be
tween 3 and 5 o'clock in the Trophy
Room of the Old Union Thursday
afternoon.
Volume XXXIII of the Quad will be
distributed to those with receipts be
tween 3 and 5 o'clock in the Trophy
Room of the Old Union Thursday
afternoon.
Volume XXXIII of the Quad will be
distributed to those with receipts be
tween 3 and 5 o'clock in the Trophy
Room of the Old Union Thursday
afternoon.
Volume XXXIII of the Quad will be
distributed to those with receipts be
tween 3 and 5 o'clock in the Trophy
Room of the Old Union Thursday
afternoon.
Volume XXXIII of the Quad will be
distributed to those with receipts be
tween 3 and 5 o'clock in the Trophy
Room of the Old Union Thursday
afternoon.
Volume XXXIII of the Quad will be
distributed to those with receipts be
tween 3 and 5 o'clock in the Trophy
Room of the Old Union Thursday
afternoon.
Volume XXXIII of the Quad will be
distributed to those with receipts be
tween 3 and 5 o'clock in the Trophy
Room of the Old Union Thursday
afternoon.
Volume XXXIII of the Quad will be
distributed to those with receipts be
tween 3 and 5 o'clock in the Trophy
Room of the Old Union Thursday
afternoon.
Volume XXXIII of the Quad will be
distributed to those with receipts be
tween 3 and 5 o'clock in the Trophy
Room of the Old Union Thursday
afternoon.
Volume XXXIII of the Quad will be
distributed to those with receipts be
tween 3 and 5 o'clock in the Trophy
Room of the Old Union Thursday
afternoon.
Volume XXXIII of the Quad will be
distributed to those with receipts be
tween 3 and 5 o'clock in the Trophy
Room of the Old Union Thursday
afternoon.
Volume XXXIII of the Quad will be
distributed to those with receipts be
tween 3 and 5 o'clock in the Trophy
Room of the Old Union Thursday
afternoon.
