# Forty-Three of Syracuse Faculty in '26 "Who's Who"
## 
### 
Forty-three members of the faculty of
Syracuse University are included in the
1926 edition of "Who's Who in America."
The College of Liberal Arts leads with
fifteen names and Medicine has six;
Forestry and Firle Arts College each has
four representatives, while Law, Busi
ness Administration, and Applied Science
each has two. Citizenship, Teachers' Col
lege, Agriculture, and Library boast one
each.
Forty-three members of the faculty of
Syracuse University are included in the
1926 edition of "Who's Who in America."
The College of Liberal Arts leads with
fifteen names and Medicine has six;
Forestry and Firle Arts College each has
four representatives, while Law, Busi
ness Administration, and Applied Science
each has two. Citizenship, Teachers' Col
lege, Agriculture, and Library boast one
each.
Forty-three members of the faculty of
Syracuse University are included in the
1926 edition of "Who's Who in America."
The College of Liberal Arts leads with
fifteen names and Medicine has six;
Forestry and Firle Arts College each has
four representatives, while Law, Busi
ness Administration, and Applied Science
each has two. Citizenship, Teachers' Col
lege, Agriculture, and Library boast one
each.
Forty-three members of the faculty of
Syracuse University are included in the
1926 edition of "Who's Who in America."
The College of Liberal Arts leads with
fifteen names and Medicine has six;
Forestry and Firle Arts College each has
four representatives, while Law, Busi
ness Administration, and Applied Science
each has two. Citizenship, Teachers' Col
lege, Agriculture, and Library boast one
each.
Forty-three members of the faculty of
Syracuse University are included in the
1926 edition of "Who's Who in America."
The College of Liberal Arts leads with
fifteen names and Medicine has six;
Forestry and Firle Arts College each has
four representatives, while Law, Busi
ness Administration, and Applied Science
each has two. Citizenship, Teachers' Col
lege, Agriculture, and Library boast one
each.
Forty-three members of the faculty of
Syracuse University are included in the
1926 edition of "Who's Who in America."
The College of Liberal Arts leads with
fifteen names and Medicine has six;
Forestry and Firle Arts College each has
four representatives, while Law, Busi
ness Administration, and Applied Science
each has two. Citizenship, Teachers' Col
lege, Agriculture, and Library boast one
each.
Forty-three members of the faculty of
Syracuse University are included in the
1926 edition of "Who's Who in America."
The College of Liberal Arts leads with
fifteen names and Medicine has six;
Forestry and Firle Arts College each has
four representatives, while Law, Busi
ness Administration, and Applied Science
each has two. Citizenship, Teachers' Col
lege, Agriculture, and Library boast one
each.
Forty-three members of the faculty of
Syracuse University are included in the
1926 edition of "Who's Who in America."
The College of Liberal Arts leads with
fifteen names and Medicine has six;
Forestry and Firle Arts College each has
four representatives, while Law, Busi
ness Administration, and Applied Science
each has two. Citizenship, Teachers' Col
lege, Agriculture, and Library boast one
each.
Forty-three members of the faculty of
Syracuse University are included in the
1926 edition of "Who's Who in America."
The College of Liberal Arts leads with
fifteen names and Medicine has six;
Forestry and Firle Arts College each has
four representatives, while Law, Busi
ness Administration, and Applied Science
each has two. Citizenship, Teachers' Col
lege, Agriculture, and Library boast one
each.
Forty-three members of the faculty of
Syracuse University are included in the
1926 edition of "Who's Who in America."
The College of Liberal Arts leads with
fifteen names and Medicine has six;
Forestry and Firle Arts College each has
four representatives, while Law, Busi
ness Administration, and Applied Science
each has two. Citizenship, Teachers' Col
lege, Agriculture, and Library boast one
each.
Forty-three members of the faculty of
Syracuse University are included in the
1926 edition of "Who's Who in America."
The College of Liberal Arts leads with
fifteen names and Medicine has six;
Forestry and Firle Arts College each has
four representatives, while Law, Busi
ness Administration, and Applied Science
each has two. Citizenship, Teachers' Col
lege, Agriculture, and Library boast one
each.
Forty-three members of the faculty of
Syracuse University are included in the
1926 edition of "Who's Who in America."
The College of Liberal Arts leads with
fifteen names and Medicine has six;
Forestry and Firle Arts College each has
four representatives, while Law, Busi
ness Administration, and Applied Science
each has two. Citizenship, Teachers' Col
lege, Agriculture, and Library boast one
each.
Forty-three members of the faculty of
Syracuse University are included in the
1926 edition of "Who's Who in America."
The College of Liberal Arts leads with
fifteen names and Medicine has six;
Forestry and Firle Arts College each has
four representatives, while Law, Busi
ness Administration, and Applied Science
each has two. Citizenship, Teachers' Col
lege, Agriculture, and Library boast one
each.
Forty-three members of the faculty of
Syracuse University are included in the
1926 edition of "Who's Who in America."
The College of Liberal Arts leads with
fifteen names and Medicine has six;
Forestry and Firle Arts College each has
four representatives, while Law, Busi
ness Administration, and Applied Science
each has two. Citizenship, Teachers' Col
lege, Agriculture, and Library boast one
each.
Forty-three members of the faculty of
Syracuse University are included in the
1926 edition of "Who's Who in America."
The College of Liberal Arts leads with
fifteen names and Medicine has six;
Forestry and Firle Arts College each has
four representatives, while Law, Busi
ness Administration, and Applied Science
each has two. Citizenship, Teachers' Col
lege, Agriculture, and Library boast one
each.
