# Poetry Postponed By Briggs Room Fire
## 
### 
Postponement of the poetry
reading scheduled for 4:1") p.m.
today was made necessary by the
fire in ihe Brings Room Friday.
The reading, conducted (his week
hy Mr. James Work, will he held
al 4:15 tomorrow in the social
room on the third floor of the
Education Auditorium.
Postponement of the poetry
reading scheduled for 4:1") p.m.
today was made necessary by the
fire in ihe Brings Room Friday.
The reading, conducted (his week
hy Mr. James Work, will he held
al 4:15 tomorrow in the social
room on the third floor of the
Education Auditorium.
Postponement of the poetry
reading scheduled for 4:1") p.m.
today was made necessary by the
fire in ihe Brings Room Friday.
The reading, conducted (his week
hy Mr. James Work, will he held
al 4:15 tomorrow in the social
room on the third floor of the
Education Auditorium.
Postponement of the poetry
reading scheduled for 4:1") p.m.
today was made necessary by the
fire in ihe Brings Room Friday.
The reading, conducted (his week
hy Mr. James Work, will he held
al 4:15 tomorrow in the social
room on the third floor of the
Education Auditorium.
Postponement of the poetry
reading scheduled for 4:1") p.m.
today was made necessary by the
fire in ihe Brings Room Friday.
The reading, conducted (his week
hy Mr. James Work, will he held
al 4:15 tomorrow in the social
room on the third floor of the
Education Auditorium.
Postponement of the poetry
reading scheduled for 4:1") p.m.
today was made necessary by the
fire in ihe Brings Room Friday.
The reading, conducted (his week
hy Mr. James Work, will he held
al 4:15 tomorrow in the social
room on the third floor of the
Education Auditorium.
Postponement of the poetry
reading scheduled for 4:1") p.m.
today was made necessary by the
fire in ihe Brings Room Friday.
The reading, conducted (his week
hy Mr. James Work, will he held
al 4:15 tomorrow in the social
room on the third floor of the
Education Auditorium.
Postponement of the poetry
reading scheduled for 4:1") p.m.
today was made necessary by the
fire in ihe Brings Room Friday.
The reading, conducted (his week
hy Mr. James Work, will he held
al 4:15 tomorrow in the social
room on the third floor of the
Education Auditorium.
Postponement of the poetry
reading scheduled for 4:1") p.m.
today was made necessary by the
fire in ihe Brings Room Friday.
The reading, conducted (his week
hy Mr. James Work, will he held
al 4:15 tomorrow in the social
room on the third floor of the
Education Auditorium.
Postponement of the poetry
reading scheduled for 4:1") p.m.
today was made necessary by the
fire in ihe Brings Room Friday.
The reading, conducted (his week
hy Mr. James Work, will he held
al 4:15 tomorrow in the social
room on the third floor of the
Education Auditorium.
Postponement of the poetry
reading scheduled for 4:1") p.m.
today was made necessary by the
fire in ihe Brings Room Friday.
The reading, conducted (his week
hy Mr. James Work, will he held
al 4:15 tomorrow in the social
room on the third floor of the
Education Auditorium.
Postponement of the poetry
reading scheduled for 4:1") p.m.
today was made necessary by the
fire in ihe Brings Room Friday.
The reading, conducted (his week
hy Mr. James Work, will he held
al 4:15 tomorrow in the social
room on the third floor of the
Education Auditorium.
Postponement of the poetry
reading scheduled for 4:1") p.m.
today was made necessary by the
fire in ihe Brings Room Friday.
The reading, conducted (his week
hy Mr. James Work, will he held
al 4:15 tomorrow in the social
room on the third floor of the
Education Auditorium.
Postponement of the poetry
reading scheduled for 4:1") p.m.
today was made necessary by the
fire in ihe Brings Room Friday.
The reading, conducted (his week
hy Mr. James Work, will he held
al 4:15 tomorrow in the social
room on the third floor of the
Education Auditorium.
Postponement of the poetry
reading scheduled for 4:1") p.m.
today was made necessary by the
fire in ihe Brings Room Friday.
The reading, conducted (his week
hy Mr. James Work, will he held
al 4:15 tomorrow in the social
room on the third floor of the
Education Auditorium.
Postponement of the poetry
reading scheduled for 4:1") p.m.
today was made necessary by the
fire in ihe Brings Room Friday.
The reading, conducted (his week
hy Mr. James Work, will he held
al 4:15 tomorrow in the social
room on the third floor of the
Education Auditorium.
