# Branner Hall
## 
### 
Head sponsor and president will
he Margaret Gairdncr; first vice
president, Anne Holmes; second
vice-president, Katherine Peterson;
secretary, Mary Mines; treasurer,
Toinette Tribble; Excom represen
tative, Maxine Pierre; and commit
tee of five members, Nancy Cord,
Janet Knudson, Joan Miller, and
Leslie Hae.
Joint winners of the Branner
scholarship are Margaret Gairdner
and Maxine Pierce.
Head sponsor and president will
he Margaret Gairdncr; first vice
president, Anne Holmes; second
vice-president, Katherine Peterson;
secretary, Mary Mines; treasurer,
Toinette Tribble; Excom represen
tative, Maxine Pierre; and commit
tee of five members, Nancy Cord,
Janet Knudson, Joan Miller, and
Leslie Hae.
Joint winners of the Branner
scholarship are Margaret Gairdner
and Maxine Pierce.
Head sponsor and president will
he Margaret Gairdncr; first vice
president, Anne Holmes; second
vice-president, Katherine Peterson;
secretary, Mary Mines; treasurer,
Toinette Tribble; Excom represen
tative, Maxine Pierre; and commit
tee of five members, Nancy Cord,
Janet Knudson, Joan Miller, and
Leslie Hae.
Joint winners of the Branner
scholarship are Margaret Gairdner
and Maxine Pierce.
Head sponsor and president will
he Margaret Gairdncr; first vice
president, Anne Holmes; second
vice-president, Katherine Peterson;
secretary, Mary Mines; treasurer,
Toinette Tribble; Excom represen
tative, Maxine Pierre; and commit
tee of five members, Nancy Cord,
Janet Knudson, Joan Miller, and
Leslie Hae.
Joint winners of the Branner
scholarship are Margaret Gairdner
and Maxine Pierce.
Head sponsor and president will
he Margaret Gairdncr; first vice
president, Anne Holmes; second
vice-president, Katherine Peterson;
secretary, Mary Mines; treasurer,
Toinette Tribble; Excom represen
tative, Maxine Pierre; and commit
tee of five members, Nancy Cord,
Janet Knudson, Joan Miller, and
Leslie Hae.
Joint winners of the Branner
scholarship are Margaret Gairdner
and Maxine Pierce.
Head sponsor and president will
he Margaret Gairdncr; first vice
president, Anne Holmes; second
vice-president, Katherine Peterson;
secretary, Mary Mines; treasurer,
Toinette Tribble; Excom represen
tative, Maxine Pierre; and commit
tee of five members, Nancy Cord,
Janet Knudson, Joan Miller, and
Leslie Hae.
Joint winners of the Branner
scholarship are Margaret Gairdner
and Maxine Pierce.
Head sponsor and president will
he Margaret Gairdncr; first vice
president, Anne Holmes; second
vice-president, Katherine Peterson;
secretary, Mary Mines; treasurer,
Toinette Tribble; Excom represen
tative, Maxine Pierre; and commit
tee of five members, Nancy Cord,
Janet Knudson, Joan Miller, and
Leslie Hae.
Joint winners of the Branner
scholarship are Margaret Gairdner
and Maxine Pierce.
Head sponsor and president will
he Margaret Gairdncr; first vice
president, Anne Holmes; second
vice-president, Katherine Peterson;
secretary, Mary Mines; treasurer,
Toinette Tribble; Excom represen
tative, Maxine Pierre; and commit
tee of five members, Nancy Cord,
Janet Knudson, Joan Miller, and
Leslie Hae.
Joint winners of the Branner
scholarship are Margaret Gairdner
and Maxine Pierce.
Head sponsor and president will
he Margaret Gairdncr; first vice
president, Anne Holmes; second
vice-president, Katherine Peterson;
secretary, Mary Mines; treasurer,
Toinette Tribble; Excom represen
tative, Maxine Pierre; and commit
tee of five members, Nancy Cord,
Janet Knudson, Joan Miller, and
Leslie Hae.
Joint winners of the Branner
scholarship are Margaret Gairdner
and Maxine Pierce.
Head sponsor and president will
he Margaret Gairdncr; first vice
president, Anne Holmes; second
vice-president, Katherine Peterson;
secretary, Mary Mines; treasurer,
Toinette Tribble; Excom represen
tative, Maxine Pierre; and commit
tee of five members, Nancy Cord,
Janet Knudson, Joan Miller, and
Leslie Hae.
Joint winners of the Branner
scholarship are Margaret Gairdner
and Maxine Pierce.
Head sponsor and president will
he Margaret Gairdncr; first vice
president, Anne Holmes; second
vice-president, Katherine Peterson;
secretary, Mary Mines; treasurer,
Toinette Tribble; Excom represen
tative, Maxine Pierre; and commit
tee of five members, Nancy Cord,
Janet Knudson, Joan Miller, and
Leslie Hae.
Joint winners of the Branner
scholarship are Margaret Gairdner
and Maxine Pierce.
Head sponsor and president will
he Margaret Gairdncr; first vice
president, Anne Holmes; second
vice-president, Katherine Peterson;
secretary, Mary Mines; treasurer,
Toinette Tribble; Excom represen
tative, Maxine Pierre; and commit
tee of five members, Nancy Cord,
Janet Knudson, Joan Miller, and
Leslie Hae.
Joint winners of the Branner
scholarship are Margaret Gairdner
and Maxine Pierce.
Head sponsor and president will
he Margaret Gairdncr; first vice
president, Anne Holmes; second
vice-president, Katherine Peterson;
secretary, Mary Mines; treasurer,
Toinette Tribble; Excom represen
tative, Maxine Pierre; and commit
tee of five members, Nancy Cord,
Janet Knudson, Joan Miller, and
Leslie Hae.
Joint winners of the Branner
scholarship are Margaret Gairdner
and Maxine Pierce.
Head sponsor and president will
he Margaret Gairdncr; first vice
president, Anne Holmes; second
vice-president, Katherine Peterson;
secretary, Mary Mines; treasurer,
Toinette Tribble; Excom represen
tative, Maxine Pierre; and commit
tee of five members, Nancy Cord,
Janet Knudson, Joan Miller, and
Leslie Hae.
Joint winners of the Branner
scholarship are Margaret Gairdner
and Maxine Pierce.
