# Stern Hall
## 
### 
Ted Ilinshaw was elected presi
dent of Stern Hall for the next
term in a hall election Tuesday.
Gene Fnrline was elected social
chairman and Herb Osliorn athletic
chairman.
Ted Ilinshaw was elected presi
dent of Stern Hall for the next
term in a hall election Tuesday.
Gene Fnrline was elected social
chairman and Herb Osliorn athletic
chairman.
Ted Ilinshaw was elected presi
dent of Stern Hall for the next
term in a hall election Tuesday.
Gene Fnrline was elected social
chairman and Herb Osliorn athletic
chairman.
Ted Ilinshaw was elected presi
dent of Stern Hall for the next
term in a hall election Tuesday.
Gene Fnrline was elected social
chairman and Herb Osliorn athletic
chairman.
Ted Ilinshaw was elected presi
dent of Stern Hall for the next
term in a hall election Tuesday.
Gene Fnrline was elected social
chairman and Herb Osliorn athletic
chairman.
Ted Ilinshaw was elected presi
dent of Stern Hall for the next
term in a hall election Tuesday.
Gene Fnrline was elected social
chairman and Herb Osliorn athletic
chairman.
Ted Ilinshaw was elected presi
dent of Stern Hall for the next
term in a hall election Tuesday.
Gene Fnrline was elected social
chairman and Herb Osliorn athletic
chairman.
Ted Ilinshaw was elected presi
dent of Stern Hall for the next
term in a hall election Tuesday.
Gene Fnrline was elected social
chairman and Herb Osliorn athletic
chairman.
Ted Ilinshaw was elected presi
dent of Stern Hall for the next
term in a hall election Tuesday.
Gene Fnrline was elected social
chairman and Herb Osliorn athletic
chairman.
Ted Ilinshaw was elected presi
dent of Stern Hall for the next
term in a hall election Tuesday.
Gene Fnrline was elected social
chairman and Herb Osliorn athletic
chairman.
Ted Ilinshaw was elected presi
dent of Stern Hall for the next
term in a hall election Tuesday.
Gene Fnrline was elected social
chairman and Herb Osliorn athletic
chairman.
Ted Ilinshaw was elected presi
dent of Stern Hall for the next
term in a hall election Tuesday.
Gene Fnrline was elected social
chairman and Herb Osliorn athletic
chairman.
Ted Ilinshaw was elected presi
dent of Stern Hall for the next
term in a hall election Tuesday.
Gene Fnrline was elected social
chairman and Herb Osliorn athletic
chairman.
Ted Ilinshaw was elected presi
dent of Stern Hall for the next
term in a hall election Tuesday.
Gene Fnrline was elected social
chairman and Herb Osliorn athletic
chairman.
