# One of the Six...
## 
### 

DICK McELYEA, Stanford sophomore, will lead the Indians in
their attempt to win the NCAA golf championship at Albuquer
que starting June 25. McElaey who is the Southern Division
individual champion, is known for his ouistanding short game.

DICK McELYEA, Stanford sophomore, will lead the Indians in
their attempt to win the NCAA golf championship at Albuquer
que starting June 25. McElaey who is the Southern Division
individual champion, is known for his ouistanding short game.

DICK McELYEA, Stanford sophomore, will lead the Indians in
their attempt to win the NCAA golf championship at Albuquer
que starting June 25. McElaey who is the Southern Division
individual champion, is known for his ouistanding short game.

DICK McELYEA, Stanford sophomore, will lead the Indians in
their attempt to win the NCAA golf championship at Albuquer
que starting June 25. McElaey who is the Southern Division
individual champion, is known for his ouistanding short game.

DICK McELYEA, Stanford sophomore, will lead the Indians in
their attempt to win the NCAA golf championship at Albuquer
que starting June 25. McElaey who is the Southern Division
individual champion, is known for his ouistanding short game.

DICK McELYEA, Stanford sophomore, will lead the Indians in
their attempt to win the NCAA golf championship at Albuquer
que starting June 25. McElaey who is the Southern Division
individual champion, is known for his ouistanding short game.

DICK McELYEA, Stanford sophomore, will lead the Indians in
their attempt to win the NCAA golf championship at Albuquer
que starting June 25. McElaey who is the Southern Division
individual champion, is known for his ouistanding short game.

DICK McELYEA, Stanford sophomore, will lead the Indians in
their attempt to win the NCAA golf championship at Albuquer
que starting June 25. McElaey who is the Southern Division
individual champion, is known for his ouistanding short game.

DICK McELYEA, Stanford sophomore, will lead the Indians in
their attempt to win the NCAA golf championship at Albuquer
que starting June 25. McElaey who is the Southern Division
individual champion, is known for his ouistanding short game.

DICK McELYEA, Stanford sophomore, will lead the Indians in
their attempt to win the NCAA golf championship at Albuquer
que starting June 25. McElaey who is the Southern Division
individual champion, is known for his ouistanding short game.

DICK McELYEA, Stanford sophomore, will lead the Indians in
their attempt to win the NCAA golf championship at Albuquer
que starting June 25. McElaey who is the Southern Division
individual champion, is known for his ouistanding short game.

DICK McELYEA, Stanford sophomore, will lead the Indians in
their attempt to win the NCAA golf championship at Albuquer
que starting June 25. McElaey who is the Southern Division
individual champion, is known for his ouistanding short game.

DICK McELYEA, Stanford sophomore, will lead the Indians in
their attempt to win the NCAA golf championship at Albuquer
que starting June 25. McElaey who is the Southern Division
individual champion, is known for his ouistanding short game.

DICK McELYEA, Stanford sophomore, will lead the Indians in
their attempt to win the NCAA golf championship at Albuquer
que starting June 25. McElaey who is the Southern Division
individual champion, is known for his ouistanding short game.
