# The 						Sophomore Cotillion.
## 
### 
Socially and financially the'o3
cotillion, which took place last
Friday evening, was a brilliant
success. The lOncina club room was
decorated with greens and palnip,
and large American flags were hung
about the hall and lobby in com
memoration of Washington's Birth
day. Yanke's orchestra furnished
the music, and each selection was
energetically encored. Although
the attendance was very large the
hall was not overcrowded.
Socially and financially the'o3
cotillion, which took place last
Friday evening, was a brilliant
success. The lOncina club room was
decorated with greens and palnip,
and large American flags were hung
about the hall and lobby in com
memoration of Washington's Birth
day. Yanke's orchestra furnished
the music, and each selection was
energetically encored. Although
the attendance was very large the
hall was not overcrowded.
Socially and financially the'o3
cotillion, which took place last
Friday evening, was a brilliant
success. The lOncina club room was
decorated with greens and palnip,
and large American flags were hung
about the hall and lobby in com
memoration of Washington's Birth
day. Yanke's orchestra furnished
the music, and each selection was
energetically encored. Although
the attendance was very large the
hall was not overcrowded.
Socially and financially the'o3
cotillion, which took place last
Friday evening, was a brilliant
success. The lOncina club room was
decorated with greens and palnip,
and large American flags were hung
about the hall and lobby in com
memoration of Washington's Birth
day. Yanke's orchestra furnished
the music, and each selection was
energetically encored. Although
the attendance was very large the
hall was not overcrowded.
Socially and financially the'o3
cotillion, which took place last
Friday evening, was a brilliant
success. The lOncina club room was
decorated with greens and palnip,
and large American flags were hung
about the hall and lobby in com
memoration of Washington's Birth
day. Yanke's orchestra furnished
the music, and each selection was
energetically encored. Although
the attendance was very large the
hall was not overcrowded.
Socially and financially the'o3
cotillion, which took place last
Friday evening, was a brilliant
success. The lOncina club room was
decorated with greens and palnip,
and large American flags were hung
about the hall and lobby in com
memoration of Washington's Birth
day. Yanke's orchestra furnished
the music, and each selection was
energetically encored. Although
the attendance was very large the
hall was not overcrowded.
Socially and financially the'o3
cotillion, which took place last
Friday evening, was a brilliant
success. The lOncina club room was
decorated with greens and palnip,
and large American flags were hung
about the hall and lobby in com
memoration of Washington's Birth
day. Yanke's orchestra furnished
the music, and each selection was
energetically encored. Although
the attendance was very large the
hall was not overcrowded.
