# Adv. 17 Page 3
## 
### 
JOB rfjl
AHOY!#fe x
Laving your course for a
career, !\li*s 1910? Lucky
you! Today's job prospects
are bright for the trained
collt •ge woman. Add Fair
field School's executive
secretarial training to your
college education . . . you'll
have what it takes to get on
the payroll!
Exclusively for college
graduates, Fairfield training
provides not only technical
skills hut a thorough under
standing of business prob
lems which prepares grad
uates to assume executive
secretarial duties *ith con
fidence. I nusually effective
placement service. Attrac
tive dormitory. Catalog sent
on request. Address:
MARJORIE A. I.ANnON, Director
215 Si., Huston, Muss.
FAIRFIELD
— SCHOOL —
JOB rfjl
AHOY!#fe x
Laving your course for a
career, !\li*s 1910? Lucky
you! Today's job prospects
are bright for the trained
collt •ge woman. Add Fair
field School's executive
secretarial training to your
college education . . . you'll
have what it takes to get on
the payroll!
Exclusively for college
graduates, Fairfield training
provides not only technical
skills hut a thorough under
standing of business prob
lems which prepares grad
uates to assume executive
secretarial duties *ith con
fidence. I nusually effective
placement service. Attrac
tive dormitory. Catalog sent
on request. Address:
MARJORIE A. I.ANnON, Director
215 Si., Huston, Muss.
FAIRFIELD
— SCHOOL —
JOB rfjl
AHOY!#fe x
Laving your course for a
career, !\li*s 1910? Lucky
you! Today's job prospects
are bright for the trained
collt •ge woman. Add Fair
field School's executive
secretarial training to your
college education . . . you'll
have what it takes to get on
the payroll!
Exclusively for college
graduates, Fairfield training
provides not only technical
skills hut a thorough under
standing of business prob
lems which prepares grad
uates to assume executive
secretarial duties *ith con
fidence. I nusually effective
placement service. Attrac
tive dormitory. Catalog sent
on request. Address:
MARJORIE A. I.ANnON, Director
215 Si., Huston, Muss.
FAIRFIELD
— SCHOOL —
JOB rfjl
AHOY!#fe x
Laving your course for a
career, !\li*s 1910? Lucky
you! Today's job prospects
are bright for the trained
collt •ge woman. Add Fair
field School's executive
secretarial training to your
college education . . . you'll
have what it takes to get on
the payroll!
Exclusively for college
graduates, Fairfield training
provides not only technical
skills hut a thorough under
standing of business prob
lems which prepares grad
uates to assume executive
secretarial duties *ith con
fidence. I nusually effective
placement service. Attrac
tive dormitory. Catalog sent
on request. Address:
MARJORIE A. I.ANnON, Director
215 Si., Huston, Muss.
FAIRFIELD
— SCHOOL —
JOB rfjl
AHOY!#fe x
Laving your course for a
career, !\li*s 1910? Lucky
you! Today's job prospects
are bright for the trained
collt •ge woman. Add Fair
field School's executive
secretarial training to your
college education . . . you'll
have what it takes to get on
the payroll!
Exclusively for college
graduates, Fairfield training
provides not only technical
skills hut a thorough under
standing of business prob
lems which prepares grad
uates to assume executive
secretarial duties *ith con
fidence. I nusually effective
placement service. Attrac
tive dormitory. Catalog sent
on request. Address:
MARJORIE A. I.ANnON, Director
215 Si., Huston, Muss.
FAIRFIELD
— SCHOOL —
JOB rfjl
AHOY!#fe x
Laving your course for a
career, !\li*s 1910? Lucky
you! Today's job prospects
are bright for the trained
collt •ge woman. Add Fair
field School's executive
secretarial training to your
college education . . . you'll
have what it takes to get on
the payroll!
Exclusively for college
graduates, Fairfield training
provides not only technical
skills hut a thorough under
standing of business prob
lems which prepares grad
uates to assume executive
secretarial duties *ith con
fidence. I nusually effective
placement service. Attrac
tive dormitory. Catalog sent
on request. Address:
MARJORIE A. I.ANnON, Director
215 Si., Huston, Muss.
FAIRFIELD
— SCHOOL —
JOB rfjl
AHOY!#fe x
Laving your course for a
career, !\li*s 1910? Lucky
you! Today's job prospects
are bright for the trained
collt •ge woman. Add Fair
field School's executive
secretarial training to your
college education . . . you'll
have what it takes to get on
the payroll!
Exclusively for college
graduates, Fairfield training
provides not only technical
skills hut a thorough under
standing of business prob
lems which prepares grad
uates to assume executive
secretarial duties *ith con
fidence. I nusually effective
placement service. Attrac
tive dormitory. Catalog sent
on request. Address:
MARJORIE A. I.ANnON, Director
215 Si., Huston, Muss.
FAIRFIELD
— SCHOOL —
JOB rfjl
AHOY!#fe x
Laving your course for a
career, !\li*s 1910? Lucky
you! Today's job prospects
are bright for the trained
collt •ge woman. Add Fair
field School's executive
secretarial training to your
college education . . . you'll
have what it takes to get on
the payroll!
Exclusively for college
graduates, Fairfield training
provides not only technical
skills hut a thorough under
standing of business prob
lems which prepares grad
uates to assume executive
secretarial duties *ith con
fidence. I nusually effective
placement service. Attrac
tive dormitory. Catalog sent
on request. Address:
MARJORIE A. I.ANnON, Director
215 Si., Huston, Muss.
FAIRFIELD
— SCHOOL —
JOB rfjl
AHOY!#fe x
Laving your course for a
career, !\li*s 1910? Lucky
you! Today's job prospects
are bright for the trained
collt •ge woman. Add Fair
field School's executive
secretarial training to your
college education . . . you'll
have what it takes to get on
the payroll!
Exclusively for college
graduates, Fairfield training
provides not only technical
skills hut a thorough under
standing of business prob
lems which prepares grad
uates to assume executive
secretarial duties *ith con
fidence. I nusually effective
placement service. Attrac
tive dormitory. Catalog sent
on request. Address:
MARJORIE A. I.ANnON, Director
215 Si., Huston, Muss.
FAIRFIELD
— SCHOOL —
JOB rfjl
AHOY!#fe x
Laving your course for a
career, !\li*s 1910? Lucky
you! Today's job prospects
are bright for the trained
collt •ge woman. Add Fair
field School's executive
secretarial training to your
college education . . . you'll
have what it takes to get on
the payroll!
Exclusively for college
graduates, Fairfield training
provides not only technical
skills hut a thorough under
standing of business prob
lems which prepares grad
uates to assume executive
secretarial duties *ith con
fidence. I nusually effective
placement service. Attrac
tive dormitory. Catalog sent
on request. Address:
MARJORIE A. I.ANnON, Director
215 Si., Huston, Muss.
FAIRFIELD
— SCHOOL —
JOB rfjl
AHOY!#fe x
Laving your course for a
career, !\li*s 1910? Lucky
you! Today's job prospects
are bright for the trained
collt •ge woman. Add Fair
field School's executive
secretarial training to your
college education . . . you'll
have what it takes to get on
the payroll!
Exclusively for college
graduates, Fairfield training
provides not only technical
skills hut a thorough under
standing of business prob
lems which prepares grad
uates to assume executive
secretarial duties *ith con
fidence. I nusually effective
placement service. Attrac
tive dormitory. Catalog sent
on request. Address:
MARJORIE A. I.ANnON, Director
215 Si., Huston, Muss.
FAIRFIELD
— SCHOOL —
JOB rfjl
AHOY!#fe x
Laving your course for a
career, !\li*s 1910? Lucky
you! Today's job prospects
are bright for the trained
collt •ge woman. Add Fair
field School's executive
secretarial training to your
college education . . . you'll
have what it takes to get on
the payroll!
Exclusively for college
graduates, Fairfield training
provides not only technical
skills hut a thorough under
standing of business prob
lems which prepares grad
uates to assume executive
secretarial duties *ith con
fidence. I nusually effective
placement service. Attrac
tive dormitory. Catalog sent
on request. Address:
MARJORIE A. I.ANnON, Director
215 Si., Huston, Muss.
FAIRFIELD
— SCHOOL —
JOB rfjl
AHOY!#fe x
Laving your course for a
career, !\li*s 1910? Lucky
you! Today's job prospects
are bright for the trained
collt •ge woman. Add Fair
field School's executive
secretarial training to your
college education . . . you'll
have what it takes to get on
the payroll!
Exclusively for college
graduates, Fairfield training
provides not only technical
skills hut a thorough under
standing of business prob
lems which prepares grad
uates to assume executive
secretarial duties *ith con
fidence. I nusually effective
placement service. Attrac
tive dormitory. Catalog sent
on request. Address:
MARJORIE A. I.ANnON, Director
215 Si., Huston, Muss.
FAIRFIELD
— SCHOOL —
JOB rfjl
AHOY!#fe x
Laving your course for a
career, !\li*s 1910? Lucky
you! Today's job prospects
are bright for the trained
collt •ge woman. Add Fair
field School's executive
secretarial training to your
college education . . . you'll
have what it takes to get on
the payroll!
Exclusively for college
graduates, Fairfield training
provides not only technical
skills hut a thorough under
standing of business prob
lems which prepares grad
uates to assume executive
secretarial duties *ith con
fidence. I nusually effective
placement service. Attrac
tive dormitory. Catalog sent
on request. Address:
MARJORIE A. I.ANnON, Director
215 Si., Huston, Muss.
FAIRFIELD
— SCHOOL —
JOB rfjl
AHOY!#fe x
Laving your course for a
career, !\li*s 1910? Lucky
you! Today's job prospects
are bright for the trained
collt •ge woman. Add Fair
field School's executive
secretarial training to your
college education . . . you'll
have what it takes to get on
the payroll!
Exclusively for college
graduates, Fairfield training
provides not only technical
skills hut a thorough under
standing of business prob
lems which prepares grad
uates to assume executive
secretarial duties *ith con
fidence. I nusually effective
placement service. Attrac
tive dormitory. Catalog sent
on request. Address:
MARJORIE A. I.ANnON, Director
215 Si., Huston, Muss.
FAIRFIELD
— SCHOOL —
JOB rfjl
AHOY!#fe x
Laving your course for a
career, !\li*s 1910? Lucky
you! Today's job prospects
are bright for the trained
collt •ge woman. Add Fair
field School's executive
secretarial training to your
college education . . . you'll
have what it takes to get on
the payroll!
Exclusively for college
graduates, Fairfield training
provides not only technical
skills hut a thorough under
standing of business prob
lems which prepares grad
uates to assume executive
secretarial duties *ith con
fidence. I nusually effective
placement service. Attrac
tive dormitory. Catalog sent
on request. Address:
MARJORIE A. I.ANnON, Director
215 Si., Huston, Muss.
FAIRFIELD
— SCHOOL —
JOB rfjl
AHOY!#fe x
Laving your course for a
career, !\li*s 1910? Lucky
you! Today's job prospects
are bright for the trained
collt •ge woman. Add Fair
field School's executive
secretarial training to your
college education . . . you'll
have what it takes to get on
the payroll!
Exclusively for college
graduates, Fairfield training
provides not only technical
skills hut a thorough under
standing of business prob
lems which prepares grad
uates to assume executive
secretarial duties *ith con
fidence. I nusually effective
placement service. Attrac
tive dormitory. Catalog sent
on request. Address:
MARJORIE A. I.ANnON, Director
215 Si., Huston, Muss.
FAIRFIELD
— SCHOOL —
