# Edison Advocates Larger U.S. Navy
## 
### 
SAN DIEGO, April 24 (UP).—Sec
retary of Navy Charles A. Edison
said today, "Our fleet, when aug
mented by all ships now building or
ordered, plus all ships authorized
but not yet appropriated for, still
will be inferior to the combined
strength of possible enemies."
"A second best navy in time of
war will find itself resting on the
bottom," the Secretary said, speak
ing at a banquet in his honor, spon
sored by civic bodies and attended
by Army, Navy and municipal dig
nitaries.
Pleading for a big Navy, Edison
said, "Wc must, as a mighty nation,
have a sea force commensurate i<►
our greatness and our wealth; com
posed not only of combatant ships,
but support in the form of auxil
iaries, protected bases, and industrial
facilities."
