# CORBETT STILL SLUGGING
## 
### 

AFTER 20 YEARS in the ring. Young Corbott 111. right, is shown here
continuing his amazing record with a decisive triumph over Henry
Cahill in San Francisco.

AFTER 20 YEARS in the ring. Young Corbott 111. right, is shown here
continuing his amazing record with a decisive triumph over Henry
Cahill in San Francisco.

AFTER 20 YEARS in the ring. Young Corbott 111. right, is shown here
continuing his amazing record with a decisive triumph over Henry
Cahill in San Francisco.

AFTER 20 YEARS in the ring. Young Corbott 111. right, is shown here
continuing his amazing record with a decisive triumph over Henry
Cahill in San Francisco.

AFTER 20 YEARS in the ring. Young Corbott 111. right, is shown here
continuing his amazing record with a decisive triumph over Henry
Cahill in San Francisco.

AFTER 20 YEARS in the ring. Young Corbott 111. right, is shown here
continuing his amazing record with a decisive triumph over Henry
Cahill in San Francisco.

AFTER 20 YEARS in the ring. Young Corbott 111. right, is shown here
continuing his amazing record with a decisive triumph over Henry
Cahill in San Francisco.

AFTER 20 YEARS in the ring. Young Corbott 111. right, is shown here
continuing his amazing record with a decisive triumph over Henry
Cahill in San Francisco.

AFTER 20 YEARS in the ring. Young Corbott 111. right, is shown here
continuing his amazing record with a decisive triumph over Henry
Cahill in San Francisco.

AFTER 20 YEARS in the ring. Young Corbott 111. right, is shown here
continuing his amazing record with a decisive triumph over Henry
Cahill in San Francisco.

AFTER 20 YEARS in the ring. Young Corbott 111. right, is shown here
continuing his amazing record with a decisive triumph over Henry
Cahill in San Francisco.

AFTER 20 YEARS in the ring. Young Corbott 111. right, is shown here
continuing his amazing record with a decisive triumph over Henry
Cahill in San Francisco.

AFTER 20 YEARS in the ring. Young Corbott 111. right, is shown here
continuing his amazing record with a decisive triumph over Henry
Cahill in San Francisco.

AFTER 20 YEARS in the ring. Young Corbott 111. right, is shown here
continuing his amazing record with a decisive triumph over Henry
Cahill in San Francisco.

AFTER 20 YEARS in the ring. Young Corbott 111. right, is shown here
continuing his amazing record with a decisive triumph over Henry
Cahill in San Francisco.

AFTER 20 YEARS in the ring. Young Corbott 111. right, is shown here
continuing his amazing record with a decisive triumph over Henry
Cahill in San Francisco.

AFTER 20 YEARS in the ring. Young Corbott 111. right, is shown here
continuing his amazing record with a decisive triumph over Henry
Cahill in San Francisco.
