# Fears of Invasion Of Sweden Increase
## 
### 
PAIiIS, April 24 (UP)—The dan
ger of a German invasion of Sweden
has increased appreciably in the last
24 hours, a French government
spokesman said tonight. French
military dispatches reported consid
erable German naval activity in the
Baltic, but it was admitted this
might be in connection with re
inforcing Nazi troops in Norway.
PAIiIS, April 24 (UP)—The dan
ger of a German invasion of Sweden
has increased appreciably in the last
24 hours, a French government
spokesman said tonight. French
military dispatches reported consid
erable German naval activity in the
Baltic, but it was admitted this
might be in connection with re
inforcing Nazi troops in Norway.
PAIiIS, April 24 (UP)—The dan
ger of a German invasion of Sweden
has increased appreciably in the last
24 hours, a French government
spokesman said tonight. French
military dispatches reported consid
erable German naval activity in the
Baltic, but it was admitted this
might be in connection with re
inforcing Nazi troops in Norway.
PAIiIS, April 24 (UP)—The dan
ger of a German invasion of Sweden
has increased appreciably in the last
24 hours, a French government
spokesman said tonight. French
military dispatches reported consid
erable German naval activity in the
Baltic, but it was admitted this
might be in connection with re
inforcing Nazi troops in Norway.
PAIiIS, April 24 (UP)—The dan
ger of a German invasion of Sweden
has increased appreciably in the last
24 hours, a French government
spokesman said tonight. French
military dispatches reported consid
erable German naval activity in the
Baltic, but it was admitted this
might be in connection with re
inforcing Nazi troops in Norway.
PAIiIS, April 24 (UP)—The dan
ger of a German invasion of Sweden
has increased appreciably in the last
24 hours, a French government
spokesman said tonight. French
military dispatches reported consid
erable German naval activity in the
Baltic, but it was admitted this
might be in connection with re
inforcing Nazi troops in Norway.
PAIiIS, April 24 (UP)—The dan
ger of a German invasion of Sweden
has increased appreciably in the last
24 hours, a French government
spokesman said tonight. French
military dispatches reported consid
erable German naval activity in the
Baltic, but it was admitted this
might be in connection with re
inforcing Nazi troops in Norway.
PAIiIS, April 24 (UP)—The dan
ger of a German invasion of Sweden
has increased appreciably in the last
24 hours, a French government
spokesman said tonight. French
military dispatches reported consid
erable German naval activity in the
Baltic, but it was admitted this
might be in connection with re
inforcing Nazi troops in Norway.
PAIiIS, April 24 (UP)—The dan
ger of a German invasion of Sweden
has increased appreciably in the last
24 hours, a French government
spokesman said tonight. French
military dispatches reported consid
erable German naval activity in the
Baltic, but it was admitted this
might be in connection with re
inforcing Nazi troops in Norway.
PAIiIS, April 24 (UP)—The dan
ger of a German invasion of Sweden
has increased appreciably in the last
24 hours, a French government
spokesman said tonight. French
military dispatches reported consid
erable German naval activity in the
Baltic, but it was admitted this
might be in connection with re
inforcing Nazi troops in Norway.
PAIiIS, April 24 (UP)—The dan
ger of a German invasion of Sweden
has increased appreciably in the last
24 hours, a French government
spokesman said tonight. French
military dispatches reported consid
erable German naval activity in the
Baltic, but it was admitted this
might be in connection with re
inforcing Nazi troops in Norway.
PAIiIS, April 24 (UP)—The dan
ger of a German invasion of Sweden
has increased appreciably in the last
24 hours, a French government
spokesman said tonight. French
military dispatches reported consid
erable German naval activity in the
Baltic, but it was admitted this
might be in connection with re
inforcing Nazi troops in Norway.
PAIiIS, April 24 (UP)—The dan
ger of a German invasion of Sweden
has increased appreciably in the last
24 hours, a French government
spokesman said tonight. French
military dispatches reported consid
erable German naval activity in the
Baltic, but it was admitted this
might be in connection with re
inforcing Nazi troops in Norway.
PAIiIS, April 24 (UP)—The dan
ger of a German invasion of Sweden
has increased appreciably in the last
24 hours, a French government
spokesman said tonight. French
military dispatches reported consid
erable German naval activity in the
Baltic, but it was admitted this
might be in connection with re
inforcing Nazi troops in Norway.
PAIiIS, April 24 (UP)—The dan
ger of a German invasion of Sweden
has increased appreciably in the last
24 hours, a French government
spokesman said tonight. French
military dispatches reported consid
erable German naval activity in the
Baltic, but it was admitted this
might be in connection with re
inforcing Nazi troops in Norway.
PAIiIS, April 24 (UP)—The dan
ger of a German invasion of Sweden
has increased appreciably in the last
24 hours, a French government
spokesman said tonight. French
military dispatches reported consid
erable German naval activity in the
Baltic, but it was admitted this
might be in connection with re
inforcing Nazi troops in Norway.
PAIiIS, April 24 (UP)—The dan
ger of a German invasion of Sweden
has increased appreciably in the last
24 hours, a French government
spokesman said tonight. French
military dispatches reported consid
erable German naval activity in the
Baltic, but it was admitted this
might be in connection with re
inforcing Nazi troops in Norway.
