# Adv. 12 Page 3
## 
### 
FOREiGN JOBS
Vital, interesting positions
with top American Firms in
foreign countries are avail
able to college trained men
and women. These positions
present an opportunity for
an excellent future in many
fields, technical and other
wise, with high remunera- (
tions. The "Foreign Re
search Register," a classified
directory of over 300 out
standing American com
panies employing college
graduates in foreign posi
tions, is now available. Con
taining full information as
to how and where to make
contacts, it points the way
to thousands of opportuni
ties. Send for it now.
One Dollar, in currency or
money order.
Research Associates
P.O. Box 9383, Phila., 39, Pa.
