# WOMEN LEAVE PRESS
## 
### 
A farewell luncheon for Miss Sue
Chuck, head of the photolithography
department of the University Press,
and Miss Janet Branin, advertising
assistant and publicity director of
the Press, was given Wednesday by
the 34 feminine members of the Press
staff at the Union.
A farewell luncheon for Miss Sue
Chuck, head of the photolithography
department of the University Press,
and Miss Janet Branin, advertising
assistant and publicity director of
the Press, was given Wednesday by
the 34 feminine members of the Press
staff at the Union.
A farewell luncheon for Miss Sue
Chuck, head of the photolithography
department of the University Press,
and Miss Janet Branin, advertising
assistant and publicity director of
the Press, was given Wednesday by
the 34 feminine members of the Press
staff at the Union.
A farewell luncheon for Miss Sue
Chuck, head of the photolithography
department of the University Press,
and Miss Janet Branin, advertising
assistant and publicity director of
the Press, was given Wednesday by
the 34 feminine members of the Press
staff at the Union.
A farewell luncheon for Miss Sue
Chuck, head of the photolithography
department of the University Press,
and Miss Janet Branin, advertising
assistant and publicity director of
the Press, was given Wednesday by
the 34 feminine members of the Press
staff at the Union.
A farewell luncheon for Miss Sue
Chuck, head of the photolithography
department of the University Press,
and Miss Janet Branin, advertising
assistant and publicity director of
the Press, was given Wednesday by
the 34 feminine members of the Press
staff at the Union.
A farewell luncheon for Miss Sue
Chuck, head of the photolithography
department of the University Press,
and Miss Janet Branin, advertising
assistant and publicity director of
the Press, was given Wednesday by
the 34 feminine members of the Press
staff at the Union.
A farewell luncheon for Miss Sue
Chuck, head of the photolithography
department of the University Press,
and Miss Janet Branin, advertising
assistant and publicity director of
the Press, was given Wednesday by
the 34 feminine members of the Press
staff at the Union.
A farewell luncheon for Miss Sue
Chuck, head of the photolithography
department of the University Press,
and Miss Janet Branin, advertising
assistant and publicity director of
the Press, was given Wednesday by
the 34 feminine members of the Press
staff at the Union.
A farewell luncheon for Miss Sue
Chuck, head of the photolithography
department of the University Press,
and Miss Janet Branin, advertising
assistant and publicity director of
the Press, was given Wednesday by
the 34 feminine members of the Press
staff at the Union.
A farewell luncheon for Miss Sue
Chuck, head of the photolithography
department of the University Press,
and Miss Janet Branin, advertising
assistant and publicity director of
the Press, was given Wednesday by
the 34 feminine members of the Press
staff at the Union.
A farewell luncheon for Miss Sue
Chuck, head of the photolithography
department of the University Press,
and Miss Janet Branin, advertising
assistant and publicity director of
the Press, was given Wednesday by
the 34 feminine members of the Press
staff at the Union.
A farewell luncheon for Miss Sue
Chuck, head of the photolithography
department of the University Press,
and Miss Janet Branin, advertising
assistant and publicity director of
the Press, was given Wednesday by
the 34 feminine members of the Press
staff at the Union.
A farewell luncheon for Miss Sue
Chuck, head of the photolithography
department of the University Press,
and Miss Janet Branin, advertising
assistant and publicity director of
the Press, was given Wednesday by
the 34 feminine members of the Press
staff at the Union.
A farewell luncheon for Miss Sue
Chuck, head of the photolithography
department of the University Press,
and Miss Janet Branin, advertising
assistant and publicity director of
the Press, was given Wednesday by
the 34 feminine members of the Press
staff at the Union.
