# Cuts Brown
## 
### 

State Controller Alan Cranston, run
ning for re-election on the Democratic
ticket, speaks to students here yester
day after his comments on the lack of
political leadership displayed by Gov
ernor Brown, a fellow Democ-rat.

State Controller Alan Cranston, run
ning for re-election on the Democratic
ticket, speaks to students here yester
day after his comments on the lack of
political leadership displayed by Gov
ernor Brown, a fellow Democ-rat.

State Controller Alan Cranston, run
ning for re-election on the Democratic
ticket, speaks to students here yester
day after his comments on the lack of
political leadership displayed by Gov
ernor Brown, a fellow Democ-rat.

State Controller Alan Cranston, run
ning for re-election on the Democratic
ticket, speaks to students here yester
day after his comments on the lack of
political leadership displayed by Gov
ernor Brown, a fellow Democ-rat.

State Controller Alan Cranston, run
ning for re-election on the Democratic
ticket, speaks to students here yester
day after his comments on the lack of
political leadership displayed by Gov
ernor Brown, a fellow Democ-rat.

State Controller Alan Cranston, run
ning for re-election on the Democratic
ticket, speaks to students here yester
day after his comments on the lack of
political leadership displayed by Gov
ernor Brown, a fellow Democ-rat.

State Controller Alan Cranston, run
ning for re-election on the Democratic
ticket, speaks to students here yester
day after his comments on the lack of
political leadership displayed by Gov
ernor Brown, a fellow Democ-rat.

State Controller Alan Cranston, run
ning for re-election on the Democratic
ticket, speaks to students here yester
day after his comments on the lack of
political leadership displayed by Gov
ernor Brown, a fellow Democ-rat.

State Controller Alan Cranston, run
ning for re-election on the Democratic
ticket, speaks to students here yester
day after his comments on the lack of
political leadership displayed by Gov
ernor Brown, a fellow Democ-rat.

State Controller Alan Cranston, run
ning for re-election on the Democratic
ticket, speaks to students here yester
day after his comments on the lack of
political leadership displayed by Gov
ernor Brown, a fellow Democ-rat.

State Controller Alan Cranston, run
ning for re-election on the Democratic
ticket, speaks to students here yester
day after his comments on the lack of
political leadership displayed by Gov
ernor Brown, a fellow Democ-rat.

State Controller Alan Cranston, run
ning for re-election on the Democratic
ticket, speaks to students here yester
day after his comments on the lack of
political leadership displayed by Gov
ernor Brown, a fellow Democ-rat.

State Controller Alan Cranston, run
ning for re-election on the Democratic
ticket, speaks to students here yester
day after his comments on the lack of
political leadership displayed by Gov
ernor Brown, a fellow Democ-rat.

State Controller Alan Cranston, run
ning for re-election on the Democratic
ticket, speaks to students here yester
day after his comments on the lack of
political leadership displayed by Gov
ernor Brown, a fellow Democ-rat.

State Controller Alan Cranston, run
ning for re-election on the Democratic
ticket, speaks to students here yester
day after his comments on the lack of
political leadership displayed by Gov
ernor Brown, a fellow Democ-rat.

State Controller Alan Cranston, run
ning for re-election on the Democratic
ticket, speaks to students here yester
day after his comments on the lack of
political leadership displayed by Gov
ernor Brown, a fellow Democ-rat.
