# Stanford YMCA Plans Luncheon And Conference
## 
### 
The Stanford YMCA-YWCA is
signing up participants for a
student conference for the week
end after next, and has sched
uled a lunch discussion for to
morrow noon.
How students can work ef
fectively on community prob
lems is the proposed subject of
the conference, to be held in
Stockton on Ocober 21-23.
At the Y lunch-discussion,
Black Power will be the topic.
The Stanford YMCA-YWCA is
signing up participants for a
student conference for the week
end after next, and has sched
uled a lunch discussion for to
morrow noon.
How students can work ef
fectively on community prob
lems is the proposed subject of
the conference, to be held in
Stockton on Ocober 21-23.
At the Y lunch-discussion,
Black Power will be the topic.
The Stanford YMCA-YWCA is
signing up participants for a
student conference for the week
end after next, and has sched
uled a lunch discussion for to
morrow noon.
How students can work ef
fectively on community prob
lems is the proposed subject of
the conference, to be held in
Stockton on Ocober 21-23.
At the Y lunch-discussion,
Black Power will be the topic.
The Stanford YMCA-YWCA is
signing up participants for a
student conference for the week
end after next, and has sched
uled a lunch discussion for to
morrow noon.
How students can work ef
fectively on community prob
lems is the proposed subject of
the conference, to be held in
Stockton on Ocober 21-23.
At the Y lunch-discussion,
Black Power will be the topic.
The Stanford YMCA-YWCA is
signing up participants for a
student conference for the week
end after next, and has sched
uled a lunch discussion for to
morrow noon.
How students can work ef
fectively on community prob
lems is the proposed subject of
the conference, to be held in
Stockton on Ocober 21-23.
At the Y lunch-discussion,
Black Power will be the topic.
The Stanford YMCA-YWCA is
signing up participants for a
student conference for the week
end after next, and has sched
uled a lunch discussion for to
morrow noon.
How students can work ef
fectively on community prob
lems is the proposed subject of
the conference, to be held in
Stockton on Ocober 21-23.
At the Y lunch-discussion,
Black Power will be the topic.
The Stanford YMCA-YWCA is
signing up participants for a
student conference for the week
end after next, and has sched
uled a lunch discussion for to
morrow noon.
How students can work ef
fectively on community prob
lems is the proposed subject of
the conference, to be held in
Stockton on Ocober 21-23.
At the Y lunch-discussion,
Black Power will be the topic.
The Stanford YMCA-YWCA is
signing up participants for a
student conference for the week
end after next, and has sched
uled a lunch discussion for to
morrow noon.
How students can work ef
fectively on community prob
lems is the proposed subject of
the conference, to be held in
Stockton on Ocober 21-23.
At the Y lunch-discussion,
Black Power will be the topic.
The Stanford YMCA-YWCA is
signing up participants for a
student conference for the week
end after next, and has sched
uled a lunch discussion for to
morrow noon.
How students can work ef
fectively on community prob
lems is the proposed subject of
the conference, to be held in
Stockton on Ocober 21-23.
At the Y lunch-discussion,
Black Power will be the topic.
The Stanford YMCA-YWCA is
signing up participants for a
student conference for the week
end after next, and has sched
uled a lunch discussion for to
morrow noon.
How students can work ef
fectively on community prob
lems is the proposed subject of
the conference, to be held in
Stockton on Ocober 21-23.
At the Y lunch-discussion,
Black Power will be the topic.
The Stanford YMCA-YWCA is
signing up participants for a
student conference for the week
end after next, and has sched
uled a lunch discussion for to
morrow noon.
How students can work ef
fectively on community prob
lems is the proposed subject of
the conference, to be held in
Stockton on Ocober 21-23.
At the Y lunch-discussion,
Black Power will be the topic.
The Stanford YMCA-YWCA is
signing up participants for a
student conference for the week
end after next, and has sched
uled a lunch discussion for to
morrow noon.
How students can work ef
fectively on community prob
lems is the proposed subject of
the conference, to be held in
Stockton on Ocober 21-23.
At the Y lunch-discussion,
Black Power will be the topic.
The Stanford YMCA-YWCA is
signing up participants for a
student conference for the week
end after next, and has sched
uled a lunch discussion for to
morrow noon.
How students can work ef
fectively on community prob
lems is the proposed subject of
the conference, to be held in
Stockton on Ocober 21-23.
At the Y lunch-discussion,
Black Power will be the topic.
The Stanford YMCA-YWCA is
signing up participants for a
student conference for the week
end after next, and has sched
uled a lunch discussion for to
morrow noon.
How students can work ef
fectively on community prob
lems is the proposed subject of
the conference, to be held in
Stockton on Ocober 21-23.
At the Y lunch-discussion,
Black Power will be the topic.
The Stanford YMCA-YWCA is
signing up participants for a
student conference for the week
end after next, and has sched
uled a lunch discussion for to
morrow noon.
How students can work ef
fectively on community prob
lems is the proposed subject of
the conference, to be held in
Stockton on Ocober 21-23.
At the Y lunch-discussion,
Black Power will be the topic.
The Stanford YMCA-YWCA is
signing up participants for a
student conference for the week
end after next, and has sched
uled a lunch discussion for to
morrow noon.
How students can work ef
fectively on community prob
lems is the proposed subject of
the conference, to be held in
Stockton on Ocober 21-23.
At the Y lunch-discussion,
Black Power will be the topic.
