# Adv. 29 Page 5
## 
### 
@1974 The Gap
Pair-up
with
Levi's
Jeans
Do it together.
Pick from the world's
greatest selection of
Levi's®. Over 4 tons per
store. The latest styles,
colors and fabrics.
So have a fit.
@1974 The Gap
Pair-up
with
Levi's
Jeans
Do it together.
Pick from the world's
greatest selection of
Levi's®. Over 4 tons per
store. The latest styles,
colors and fabrics.
So have a fit.
@1974 The Gap
Pair-up
with
Levi's
Jeans
Do it together.
Pick from the world's
greatest selection of
Levi's®. Over 4 tons per
store. The latest styles,
colors and fabrics.
So have a fit.
@1974 The Gap
Pair-up
with
Levi's
Jeans
Do it together.
Pick from the world's
greatest selection of
Levi's®. Over 4 tons per
store. The latest styles,
colors and fabrics.
So have a fit.
@1974 The Gap
Pair-up
with
Levi's
Jeans
Do it together.
Pick from the world's
greatest selection of
Levi's®. Over 4 tons per
store. The latest styles,
colors and fabrics.
So have a fit.
@1974 The Gap
Pair-up
with
Levi's
Jeans
Do it together.
Pick from the world's
greatest selection of
Levi's®. Over 4 tons per
store. The latest styles,
colors and fabrics.
So have a fit.
@1974 The Gap
Pair-up
with
Levi's
Jeans
Do it together.
Pick from the world's
greatest selection of
Levi's®. Over 4 tons per
store. The latest styles,
colors and fabrics.
So have a fit.
@1974 The Gap
Pair-up
with
Levi's
Jeans
Do it together.
Pick from the world's
greatest selection of
Levi's®. Over 4 tons per
store. The latest styles,
colors and fabrics.
So have a fit.
@1974 The Gap
Pair-up
with
Levi's
Jeans
Do it together.
Pick from the world's
greatest selection of
Levi's®. Over 4 tons per
store. The latest styles,
colors and fabrics.
So have a fit.
@1974 The Gap
Pair-up
with
Levi's
Jeans
Do it together.
Pick from the world's
greatest selection of
Levi's®. Over 4 tons per
store. The latest styles,
colors and fabrics.
So have a fit.
@1974 The Gap
Pair-up
with
Levi's
Jeans
Do it together.
Pick from the world's
greatest selection of
Levi's®. Over 4 tons per
store. The latest styles,
colors and fabrics.
So have a fit.
@1974 The Gap
Pair-up
with
Levi's
Jeans
Do it together.
Pick from the world's
greatest selection of
Levi's®. Over 4 tons per
store. The latest styles,
colors and fabrics.
So have a fit.
@1974 The Gap
Pair-up
with
Levi's
Jeans
Do it together.
Pick from the world's
greatest selection of
Levi's®. Over 4 tons per
store. The latest styles,
colors and fabrics.
So have a fit.
@1974 The Gap
Pair-up
with
Levi's
Jeans
Do it together.
Pick from the world's
greatest selection of
Levi's®. Over 4 tons per
store. The latest styles,
colors and fabrics.
So have a fit.
@1974 The Gap
Pair-up
with
Levi's
Jeans
Do it together.
Pick from the world's
greatest selection of
Levi's®. Over 4 tons per
store. The latest styles,
colors and fabrics.
So have a fit.
