# Adv. 30 Page 5
## 
### 
bowling
class registration
now
open
for winter quarter
sign up with John Buckmaster
tresidder bowling center
497-4316
tresidder
union
6bj
bowling
class registration
now
open
for winter quarter
sign up with John Buckmaster
tresidder bowling center
497-4316
tresidder
union
6bj
bowling
class registration
now
open
for winter quarter
sign up with John Buckmaster
tresidder bowling center
497-4316
tresidder
union
6bj
bowling
class registration
now
open
for winter quarter
sign up with John Buckmaster
tresidder bowling center
497-4316
tresidder
union
6bj
bowling
class registration
now
open
for winter quarter
sign up with John Buckmaster
tresidder bowling center
497-4316
tresidder
union
6bj
bowling
class registration
now
open
for winter quarter
sign up with John Buckmaster
tresidder bowling center
497-4316
tresidder
union
6bj
bowling
class registration
now
open
for winter quarter
sign up with John Buckmaster
tresidder bowling center
497-4316
tresidder
union
6bj
bowling
class registration
now
open
for winter quarter
sign up with John Buckmaster
tresidder bowling center
497-4316
tresidder
union
6bj
bowling
class registration
now
open
for winter quarter
sign up with John Buckmaster
tresidder bowling center
497-4316
tresidder
union
6bj
bowling
class registration
now
open
for winter quarter
sign up with John Buckmaster
tresidder bowling center
497-4316
tresidder
union
6bj
bowling
class registration
now
open
for winter quarter
sign up with John Buckmaster
tresidder bowling center
497-4316
tresidder
union
6bj
bowling
class registration
now
open
for winter quarter
sign up with John Buckmaster
tresidder bowling center
497-4316
tresidder
union
6bj
bowling
class registration
now
open
for winter quarter
sign up with John Buckmaster
tresidder bowling center
497-4316
tresidder
union
6bj
bowling
class registration
now
open
for winter quarter
sign up with John Buckmaster
tresidder bowling center
497-4316
tresidder
union
6bj
bowling
class registration
now
open
for winter quarter
sign up with John Buckmaster
tresidder bowling center
497-4316
tresidder
union
6bj
