# Adv. 23 Page 4
## 
### 
Golden Crescent
Pastry Shop
Fine Pastries
326 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
Phone DAvenport 3-8115
|QKIOfTMODS
HOW TO BECOME POPULAR
AROUND CAMPUS: SUCCEST—
PORK FOO YONC
A mixture of finely diced
barbecued pork, fresh,
crisp bean sprouts, and
water chestnuts, folded
into beaten eggs, fried in
small cakes and served
with a piquant meat
sauce. 95c
University at Bayshore
Golden Crescent
Pastry Shop
Fine Pastries
326 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
Phone DAvenport 3-8115
|QKIOfTMODS
HOW TO BECOME POPULAR
AROUND CAMPUS: SUCCEST—
PORK FOO YONC
A mixture of finely diced
barbecued pork, fresh,
crisp bean sprouts, and
water chestnuts, folded
into beaten eggs, fried in
small cakes and served
with a piquant meat
sauce. 95c
University at Bayshore
Golden Crescent
Pastry Shop
Fine Pastries
326 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
Phone DAvenport 3-8115
|QKIOfTMODS
HOW TO BECOME POPULAR
AROUND CAMPUS: SUCCEST—
PORK FOO YONC
A mixture of finely diced
barbecued pork, fresh,
crisp bean sprouts, and
water chestnuts, folded
into beaten eggs, fried in
small cakes and served
with a piquant meat
sauce. 95c
University at Bayshore
Golden Crescent
Pastry Shop
Fine Pastries
326 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
Phone DAvenport 3-8115
|QKIOfTMODS
HOW TO BECOME POPULAR
AROUND CAMPUS: SUCCEST—
PORK FOO YONC
A mixture of finely diced
barbecued pork, fresh,
crisp bean sprouts, and
water chestnuts, folded
into beaten eggs, fried in
small cakes and served
with a piquant meat
sauce. 95c
University at Bayshore
Golden Crescent
Pastry Shop
Fine Pastries
326 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
Phone DAvenport 3-8115
|QKIOfTMODS
HOW TO BECOME POPULAR
AROUND CAMPUS: SUCCEST—
PORK FOO YONC
A mixture of finely diced
barbecued pork, fresh,
crisp bean sprouts, and
water chestnuts, folded
into beaten eggs, fried in
small cakes and served
with a piquant meat
sauce. 95c
University at Bayshore
Golden Crescent
Pastry Shop
Fine Pastries
326 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
Phone DAvenport 3-8115
|QKIOfTMODS
HOW TO BECOME POPULAR
AROUND CAMPUS: SUCCEST—
PORK FOO YONC
A mixture of finely diced
barbecued pork, fresh,
crisp bean sprouts, and
water chestnuts, folded
into beaten eggs, fried in
small cakes and served
with a piquant meat
sauce. 95c
University at Bayshore
Golden Crescent
Pastry Shop
Fine Pastries
326 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
Phone DAvenport 3-8115
|QKIOfTMODS
HOW TO BECOME POPULAR
AROUND CAMPUS: SUCCEST—
PORK FOO YONC
A mixture of finely diced
barbecued pork, fresh,
crisp bean sprouts, and
water chestnuts, folded
into beaten eggs, fried in
small cakes and served
with a piquant meat
sauce. 95c
University at Bayshore
Golden Crescent
Pastry Shop
Fine Pastries
326 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
Phone DAvenport 3-8115
|QKIOfTMODS
HOW TO BECOME POPULAR
AROUND CAMPUS: SUCCEST—
PORK FOO YONC
A mixture of finely diced
barbecued pork, fresh,
crisp bean sprouts, and
water chestnuts, folded
into beaten eggs, fried in
small cakes and served
with a piquant meat
sauce. 95c
University at Bayshore
Golden Crescent
Pastry Shop
Fine Pastries
326 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
Phone DAvenport 3-8115
|QKIOfTMODS
HOW TO BECOME POPULAR
AROUND CAMPUS: SUCCEST—
PORK FOO YONC
A mixture of finely diced
barbecued pork, fresh,
crisp bean sprouts, and
water chestnuts, folded
into beaten eggs, fried in
small cakes and served
with a piquant meat
sauce. 95c
University at Bayshore
Golden Crescent
Pastry Shop
Fine Pastries
326 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
Phone DAvenport 3-8115
|QKIOfTMODS
HOW TO BECOME POPULAR
AROUND CAMPUS: SUCCEST—
PORK FOO YONC
A mixture of finely diced
barbecued pork, fresh,
crisp bean sprouts, and
water chestnuts, folded
into beaten eggs, fried in
small cakes and served
with a piquant meat
sauce. 95c
University at Bayshore
Golden Crescent
Pastry Shop
Fine Pastries
326 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
Phone DAvenport 3-8115
|QKIOfTMODS
HOW TO BECOME POPULAR
AROUND CAMPUS: SUCCEST—
PORK FOO YONC
A mixture of finely diced
barbecued pork, fresh,
crisp bean sprouts, and
water chestnuts, folded
into beaten eggs, fried in
small cakes and served
with a piquant meat
sauce. 95c
University at Bayshore
Golden Crescent
Pastry Shop
Fine Pastries
326 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
Phone DAvenport 3-8115
|QKIOfTMODS
HOW TO BECOME POPULAR
AROUND CAMPUS: SUCCEST—
PORK FOO YONC
A mixture of finely diced
barbecued pork, fresh,
crisp bean sprouts, and
water chestnuts, folded
into beaten eggs, fried in
small cakes and served
with a piquant meat
sauce. 95c
University at Bayshore
Golden Crescent
Pastry Shop
Fine Pastries
326 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
Phone DAvenport 3-8115
|QKIOfTMODS
HOW TO BECOME POPULAR
AROUND CAMPUS: SUCCEST—
PORK FOO YONC
A mixture of finely diced
barbecued pork, fresh,
crisp bean sprouts, and
water chestnuts, folded
into beaten eggs, fried in
small cakes and served
with a piquant meat
sauce. 95c
University at Bayshore
Golden Crescent
Pastry Shop
Fine Pastries
326 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
Phone DAvenport 3-8115
|QKIOfTMODS
HOW TO BECOME POPULAR
AROUND CAMPUS: SUCCEST—
PORK FOO YONC
A mixture of finely diced
barbecued pork, fresh,
crisp bean sprouts, and
water chestnuts, folded
into beaten eggs, fried in
small cakes and served
with a piquant meat
sauce. 95c
University at Bayshore
