# WAA to Organize Badminton Croup
## 
### 
Women's Athletic Association is
planning to organize a badminton
club for men and women. The group
will meet Thursday nights.
This evening, from 7:30 to 9. the
first gathernig will occur. AH bad
minton players interested in the
club are urged to come to the Wom
en's Gym at this time. Players must
furnish their own racquets and ten
nis shoes. Birds and a few extra
racquets willl be supplied by WAA.
Women's Athletic Association is
planning to organize a badminton
club for men and women. The group
will meet Thursday nights.
This evening, from 7:30 to 9. the
first gathernig will occur. AH bad
minton players interested in the
club are urged to come to the Wom
en's Gym at this time. Players must
furnish their own racquets and ten
nis shoes. Birds and a few extra
racquets willl be supplied by WAA.
Women's Athletic Association is
planning to organize a badminton
club for men and women. The group
will meet Thursday nights.
This evening, from 7:30 to 9. the
first gathernig will occur. AH bad
minton players interested in the
club are urged to come to the Wom
en's Gym at this time. Players must
furnish their own racquets and ten
nis shoes. Birds and a few extra
racquets willl be supplied by WAA.
Women's Athletic Association is
planning to organize a badminton
club for men and women. The group
will meet Thursday nights.
This evening, from 7:30 to 9. the
first gathernig will occur. AH bad
minton players interested in the
club are urged to come to the Wom
en's Gym at this time. Players must
furnish their own racquets and ten
nis shoes. Birds and a few extra
racquets willl be supplied by WAA.
Women's Athletic Association is
planning to organize a badminton
club for men and women. The group
will meet Thursday nights.
This evening, from 7:30 to 9. the
first gathernig will occur. AH bad
minton players interested in the
club are urged to come to the Wom
en's Gym at this time. Players must
furnish their own racquets and ten
nis shoes. Birds and a few extra
racquets willl be supplied by WAA.
Women's Athletic Association is
planning to organize a badminton
club for men and women. The group
will meet Thursday nights.
This evening, from 7:30 to 9. the
first gathernig will occur. AH bad
minton players interested in the
club are urged to come to the Wom
en's Gym at this time. Players must
furnish their own racquets and ten
nis shoes. Birds and a few extra
racquets willl be supplied by WAA.
Women's Athletic Association is
planning to organize a badminton
club for men and women. The group
will meet Thursday nights.
This evening, from 7:30 to 9. the
first gathernig will occur. AH bad
minton players interested in the
club are urged to come to the Wom
en's Gym at this time. Players must
furnish their own racquets and ten
nis shoes. Birds and a few extra
racquets willl be supplied by WAA.
Women's Athletic Association is
planning to organize a badminton
club for men and women. The group
will meet Thursday nights.
This evening, from 7:30 to 9. the
first gathernig will occur. AH bad
minton players interested in the
club are urged to come to the Wom
en's Gym at this time. Players must
furnish their own racquets and ten
nis shoes. Birds and a few extra
racquets willl be supplied by WAA.
Women's Athletic Association is
planning to organize a badminton
club for men and women. The group
will meet Thursday nights.
This evening, from 7:30 to 9. the
first gathernig will occur. AH bad
minton players interested in the
club are urged to come to the Wom
en's Gym at this time. Players must
furnish their own racquets and ten
nis shoes. Birds and a few extra
racquets willl be supplied by WAA.
Women's Athletic Association is
planning to organize a badminton
club for men and women. The group
will meet Thursday nights.
This evening, from 7:30 to 9. the
first gathernig will occur. AH bad
minton players interested in the
club are urged to come to the Wom
en's Gym at this time. Players must
furnish their own racquets and ten
nis shoes. Birds and a few extra
racquets willl be supplied by WAA.
Women's Athletic Association is
planning to organize a badminton
club for men and women. The group
will meet Thursday nights.
This evening, from 7:30 to 9. the
first gathernig will occur. AH bad
minton players interested in the
club are urged to come to the Wom
en's Gym at this time. Players must
furnish their own racquets and ten
nis shoes. Birds and a few extra
racquets willl be supplied by WAA.
Women's Athletic Association is
planning to organize a badminton
club for men and women. The group
will meet Thursday nights.
This evening, from 7:30 to 9. the
first gathernig will occur. AH bad
minton players interested in the
club are urged to come to the Wom
en's Gym at this time. Players must
furnish their own racquets and ten
nis shoes. Birds and a few extra
racquets willl be supplied by WAA.
Women's Athletic Association is
planning to organize a badminton
club for men and women. The group
will meet Thursday nights.
This evening, from 7:30 to 9. the
first gathernig will occur. AH bad
minton players interested in the
club are urged to come to the Wom
en's Gym at this time. Players must
furnish their own racquets and ten
nis shoes. Birds and a few extra
racquets willl be supplied by WAA.
Women's Athletic Association is
planning to organize a badminton
club for men and women. The group
will meet Thursday nights.
This evening, from 7:30 to 9. the
first gathernig will occur. AH bad
minton players interested in the
club are urged to come to the Wom
en's Gym at this time. Players must
furnish their own racquets and ten
nis shoes. Birds and a few extra
racquets willl be supplied by WAA.
