# Daily Sports
## Soccer Team Pic Taken Tomorrow 
### 
After several weeks of delay, the
team picture of the 194!) soccer
squad will be taken tomorrow at
4:15. The Quad photographer will
meet all team members from the
regular soccer season on the playing
field. Uniforms for the picture will
be picked up in the gym Friday
afternoon.
After several weeks of delay, the
team picture of the 194!) soccer
squad will be taken tomorrow at
4:15. The Quad photographer will
meet all team members from the
regular soccer season on the playing
field. Uniforms for the picture will
be picked up in the gym Friday
afternoon.
After several weeks of delay, the
team picture of the 194!) soccer
squad will be taken tomorrow at
4:15. The Quad photographer will
meet all team members from the
regular soccer season on the playing
field. Uniforms for the picture will
be picked up in the gym Friday
afternoon.
After several weeks of delay, the
team picture of the 194!) soccer
squad will be taken tomorrow at
4:15. The Quad photographer will
meet all team members from the
regular soccer season on the playing
field. Uniforms for the picture will
be picked up in the gym Friday
afternoon.
After several weeks of delay, the
team picture of the 194!) soccer
squad will be taken tomorrow at
4:15. The Quad photographer will
meet all team members from the
regular soccer season on the playing
field. Uniforms for the picture will
be picked up in the gym Friday
afternoon.
After several weeks of delay, the
team picture of the 194!) soccer
squad will be taken tomorrow at
4:15. The Quad photographer will
meet all team members from the
regular soccer season on the playing
field. Uniforms for the picture will
be picked up in the gym Friday
afternoon.
After several weeks of delay, the
team picture of the 194!) soccer
squad will be taken tomorrow at
4:15. The Quad photographer will
meet all team members from the
regular soccer season on the playing
field. Uniforms for the picture will
be picked up in the gym Friday
afternoon.
After several weeks of delay, the
team picture of the 194!) soccer
squad will be taken tomorrow at
4:15. The Quad photographer will
meet all team members from the
regular soccer season on the playing
field. Uniforms for the picture will
be picked up in the gym Friday
afternoon.
After several weeks of delay, the
team picture of the 194!) soccer
squad will be taken tomorrow at
4:15. The Quad photographer will
meet all team members from the
regular soccer season on the playing
field. Uniforms for the picture will
be picked up in the gym Friday
afternoon.
After several weeks of delay, the
team picture of the 194!) soccer
squad will be taken tomorrow at
4:15. The Quad photographer will
meet all team members from the
regular soccer season on the playing
field. Uniforms for the picture will
be picked up in the gym Friday
afternoon.
After several weeks of delay, the
team picture of the 194!) soccer
squad will be taken tomorrow at
4:15. The Quad photographer will
meet all team members from the
regular soccer season on the playing
field. Uniforms for the picture will
be picked up in the gym Friday
afternoon.
After several weeks of delay, the
team picture of the 194!) soccer
squad will be taken tomorrow at
4:15. The Quad photographer will
meet all team members from the
regular soccer season on the playing
field. Uniforms for the picture will
be picked up in the gym Friday
afternoon.
After several weeks of delay, the
team picture of the 194!) soccer
squad will be taken tomorrow at
4:15. The Quad photographer will
meet all team members from the
regular soccer season on the playing
field. Uniforms for the picture will
be picked up in the gym Friday
afternoon.
After several weeks of delay, the
team picture of the 194!) soccer
squad will be taken tomorrow at
4:15. The Quad photographer will
meet all team members from the
regular soccer season on the playing
field. Uniforms for the picture will
be picked up in the gym Friday
afternoon.
