# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It is an interesting story of col
lege men's degeneration in thecopy
of the University of Chicago Ma
roon that has been posted on the
bulletin-board outside of the office
of the President of Stanford Uni
versity. It is the story of the
"garbling of reports," sent out by
the student correspondents of Chi
cago University to the newspapers
of the Windy City. The story is
told in official "whereases" and
"therefores," and we have no means
of knowing of its truth. We have
only one side of the case; and ex
perience teaches us that often the
unheard side is the strongest. It
may have been observed by many,
however, that during its whole his
tory the University of Chicago has
not had correspondents filled with
the spirit of their Alma Mater —
men who sought always to protect
the good name of their university,
to the whole extent of their power
and influence. The university has
frequently been before the public
in a ridiculous light. The class
rooms have been regarded as legiti
mate fields in which to seek news,
and since they are indeed rich in
this regard, the Chicago papers
have been filled with remarkable
statements, attributed to the ablest
scientists —remarkable often not be
cause they are untrue, but because
they are given as complete, though
stripped of the explanations which
accompanied them in the class
room. Thus great men have been
made to appear as fools in the eyes
of the general public.
Another undesirable phase of the
situation at the University of Chi
cago has been the publication of
stories concerning the women stu
dents, which have on the surface
seemed to smack of untruthfulness,
or at least exaggeration.
Stanford University is to be con
gratulated upon her clean record in
this matter of newspaper corres
pondence. So far as the memory
of the present college generation

rune back, the policy of the men
who have represented the Califor
nia newspapers at the University
has been essentially conservative
and truthful, and conservatism
and truthfulness have become so
entrenched as the working princi
ples of the press correspondents
that they bid fair to remain per
manently. The greatest gainer has
been the University.
