# MOST TEAMS COME TO-MORROW.
## Interscholastic Entries Commence to Arrive.—Oval Being Prepared for Meet. 
### 
Fourteen of the teams which will
participate in the interscholastic
track and field meet will arrive at
Palo Alto on trains coming in to
morrow, and five will get in Satur
day morning. Except Santa Cruz,
which arrived to-day, the other
three schools did not state when
they would arrive. The school
teams will come in as follows:
Friday —Harvard School, Thacher
School, 8:30; Berkeley High, 10:16;
Colusa High, Pacific Grove, Santa
Rosa High, 12:46; Oakland High,
California School of Mechanical
Arts, 3:27; Santa Clara High, 3:26;
Mountain View High, 4:21; Lowell
High, Cogswell, 5:35; Alameda
High, Wilmerding School of Indus
trial Arts, p.m. Saturday — San
Jose High, 9:31; Santa Clara Col
lege (academic department), Palo
Alto High, Belmont School, Hoitt
School, all before noon. "The time
of arrival of Ukiah, Hanford and
Benicia High Schools was not
specified.
The University Band will play
at the field meet. Another section
of bleachers has been moved from
the baseball field to the oval, so
that the seating capacity will be
about three thousand. Fresh cin
ders are to be put on poor spots on
the track, which has been under
going the process of rolling during
the past week. The place near the
gate in which water has collected
during rainy weather will be filled
in and everything putin the best
order for the meet.
Fourteen of the teams which will
participate in the interscholastic
track and field meet will arrive at
Palo Alto on trains coming in to
morrow, and five will get in Satur
day morning. Except Santa Cruz,
which arrived to-day, the other
three schools did not state when
they would arrive. The school
teams will come in as follows:
Friday —Harvard School, Thacher
School, 8:30; Berkeley High, 10:16;
Colusa High, Pacific Grove, Santa
Rosa High, 12:46; Oakland High,
California School of Mechanical
Arts, 3:27; Santa Clara High, 3:26;
Mountain View High, 4:21; Lowell
High, Cogswell, 5:35; Alameda
High, Wilmerding School of Indus
trial Arts, p.m. Saturday — San
Jose High, 9:31; Santa Clara Col
lege (academic department), Palo
Alto High, Belmont School, Hoitt
School, all before noon. "The time
of arrival of Ukiah, Hanford and
Benicia High Schools was not
specified.
The University Band will play
at the field meet. Another section
of bleachers has been moved from
the baseball field to the oval, so
that the seating capacity will be
about three thousand. Fresh cin
ders are to be put on poor spots on
the track, which has been under
going the process of rolling during
the past week. The place near the
gate in which water has collected
during rainy weather will be filled
in and everything putin the best
order for the meet.
Fourteen of the teams which will
participate in the interscholastic
track and field meet will arrive at
Palo Alto on trains coming in to
morrow, and five will get in Satur
day morning. Except Santa Cruz,
which arrived to-day, the other
three schools did not state when
they would arrive. The school
teams will come in as follows:
Friday —Harvard School, Thacher
School, 8:30; Berkeley High, 10:16;
Colusa High, Pacific Grove, Santa
Rosa High, 12:46; Oakland High,
California School of Mechanical
Arts, 3:27; Santa Clara High, 3:26;
Mountain View High, 4:21; Lowell
High, Cogswell, 5:35; Alameda
High, Wilmerding School of Indus
trial Arts, p.m. Saturday — San
Jose High, 9:31; Santa Clara Col
lege (academic department), Palo
Alto High, Belmont School, Hoitt
School, all before noon. "The time
of arrival of Ukiah, Hanford and
Benicia High Schools was not
specified.
The University Band will play
at the field meet. Another section
of bleachers has been moved from
the baseball field to the oval, so
that the seating capacity will be
about three thousand. Fresh cin
ders are to be put on poor spots on
the track, which has been under
going the process of rolling during
the past week. The place near the
gate in which water has collected
during rainy weather will be filled
in and everything putin the best
order for the meet.
Fourteen of the teams which will
participate in the interscholastic
track and field meet will arrive at
Palo Alto on trains coming in to
morrow, and five will get in Satur
day morning. Except Santa Cruz,
which arrived to-day, the other
three schools did not state when
they would arrive. The school
teams will come in as follows:
Friday —Harvard School, Thacher
School, 8:30; Berkeley High, 10:16;
Colusa High, Pacific Grove, Santa
Rosa High, 12:46; Oakland High,
California School of Mechanical
Arts, 3:27; Santa Clara High, 3:26;
Mountain View High, 4:21; Lowell
High, Cogswell, 5:35; Alameda
High, Wilmerding School of Indus
trial Arts, p.m. Saturday — San
Jose High, 9:31; Santa Clara Col
lege (academic department), Palo
Alto High, Belmont School, Hoitt
School, all before noon. "The time
of arrival of Ukiah, Hanford and
Benicia High Schools was not
specified.
The University Band will play
at the field meet. Another section
of bleachers has been moved from
the baseball field to the oval, so
that the seating capacity will be
about three thousand. Fresh cin
ders are to be put on poor spots on
the track, which has been under
going the process of rolling during
the past week. The place near the
gate in which water has collected
during rainy weather will be filled
in and everything putin the best
order for the meet.
Fourteen of the teams which will
participate in the interscholastic
track and field meet will arrive at
Palo Alto on trains coming in to
morrow, and five will get in Satur
day morning. Except Santa Cruz,
which arrived to-day, the other
three schools did not state when
they would arrive. The school
teams will come in as follows:
Friday —Harvard School, Thacher
School, 8:30; Berkeley High, 10:16;
Colusa High, Pacific Grove, Santa
Rosa High, 12:46; Oakland High,
California School of Mechanical
Arts, 3:27; Santa Clara High, 3:26;
Mountain View High, 4:21; Lowell
High, Cogswell, 5:35; Alameda
High, Wilmerding School of Indus
trial Arts, p.m. Saturday — San
Jose High, 9:31; Santa Clara Col
lege (academic department), Palo
Alto High, Belmont School, Hoitt
School, all before noon. "The time
of arrival of Ukiah, Hanford and
Benicia High Schools was not
specified.
The University Band will play
at the field meet. Another section
of bleachers has been moved from
the baseball field to the oval, so
that the seating capacity will be
about three thousand. Fresh cin
ders are to be put on poor spots on
the track, which has been under
going the process of rolling during
the past week. The place near the
gate in which water has collected
during rainy weather will be filled
in and everything putin the best
order for the meet.
Fourteen of the teams which will
participate in the interscholastic
track and field meet will arrive at
Palo Alto on trains coming in to
morrow, and five will get in Satur
day morning. Except Santa Cruz,
which arrived to-day, the other
three schools did not state when
they would arrive. The school
teams will come in as follows:
Friday —Harvard School, Thacher
School, 8:30; Berkeley High, 10:16;
Colusa High, Pacific Grove, Santa
Rosa High, 12:46; Oakland High,
California School of Mechanical
Arts, 3:27; Santa Clara High, 3:26;
Mountain View High, 4:21; Lowell
High, Cogswell, 5:35; Alameda
High, Wilmerding School of Indus
trial Arts, p.m. Saturday — San
Jose High, 9:31; Santa Clara Col
lege (academic department), Palo
Alto High, Belmont School, Hoitt
School, all before noon. "The time
of arrival of Ukiah, Hanford and
Benicia High Schools was not
specified.
The University Band will play
at the field meet. Another section
of bleachers has been moved from
the baseball field to the oval, so
that the seating capacity will be
about three thousand. Fresh cin
ders are to be put on poor spots on
the track, which has been under
going the process of rolling during
the past week. The place near the
gate in which water has collected
during rainy weather will be filled
in and everything putin the best
order for the meet.
Fourteen of the teams which will
participate in the interscholastic
track and field meet will arrive at
Palo Alto on trains coming in to
morrow, and five will get in Satur
day morning. Except Santa Cruz,
which arrived to-day, the other
three schools did not state when
they would arrive. The school
teams will come in as follows:
Friday —Harvard School, Thacher
School, 8:30; Berkeley High, 10:16;
Colusa High, Pacific Grove, Santa
Rosa High, 12:46; Oakland High,
California School of Mechanical
Arts, 3:27; Santa Clara High, 3:26;
Mountain View High, 4:21; Lowell
High, Cogswell, 5:35; Alameda
High, Wilmerding School of Indus
trial Arts, p.m. Saturday — San
Jose High, 9:31; Santa Clara Col
lege (academic department), Palo
Alto High, Belmont School, Hoitt
School, all before noon. "The time
of arrival of Ukiah, Hanford and
Benicia High Schools was not
specified.
The University Band will play
at the field meet. Another section
of bleachers has been moved from
the baseball field to the oval, so
that the seating capacity will be
about three thousand. Fresh cin
ders are to be put on poor spots on
the track, which has been under
going the process of rolling during
the past week. The place near the
gate in which water has collected
during rainy weather will be filled
in and everything putin the best
order for the meet.
Fourteen of the teams which will
participate in the interscholastic
track and field meet will arrive at
Palo Alto on trains coming in to
morrow, and five will get in Satur
day morning. Except Santa Cruz,
which arrived to-day, the other
three schools did not state when
they would arrive. The school
teams will come in as follows:
Friday —Harvard School, Thacher
School, 8:30; Berkeley High, 10:16;
Colusa High, Pacific Grove, Santa
Rosa High, 12:46; Oakland High,
California School of Mechanical
Arts, 3:27; Santa Clara High, 3:26;
Mountain View High, 4:21; Lowell
High, Cogswell, 5:35; Alameda
High, Wilmerding School of Indus
trial Arts, p.m. Saturday — San
Jose High, 9:31; Santa Clara Col
lege (academic department), Palo
Alto High, Belmont School, Hoitt
School, all before noon. "The time
of arrival of Ukiah, Hanford and
Benicia High Schools was not
specified.
The University Band will play
at the field meet. Another section
of bleachers has been moved from
the baseball field to the oval, so
that the seating capacity will be
about three thousand. Fresh cin
ders are to be put on poor spots on
the track, which has been under
going the process of rolling during
the past week. The place near the
gate in which water has collected
during rainy weather will be filled
in and everything putin the best
order for the meet.
Fourteen of the teams which will
participate in the interscholastic
track and field meet will arrive at
Palo Alto on trains coming in to
morrow, and five will get in Satur
day morning. Except Santa Cruz,
which arrived to-day, the other
three schools did not state when
they would arrive. The school
teams will come in as follows:
Friday —Harvard School, Thacher
School, 8:30; Berkeley High, 10:16;
Colusa High, Pacific Grove, Santa
Rosa High, 12:46; Oakland High,
California School of Mechanical
Arts, 3:27; Santa Clara High, 3:26;
Mountain View High, 4:21; Lowell
High, Cogswell, 5:35; Alameda
High, Wilmerding School of Indus
trial Arts, p.m. Saturday — San
Jose High, 9:31; Santa Clara Col
lege (academic department), Palo
Alto High, Belmont School, Hoitt
School, all before noon. "The time
of arrival of Ukiah, Hanford and
Benicia High Schools was not
specified.
The University Band will play
at the field meet. Another section
of bleachers has been moved from
the baseball field to the oval, so
that the seating capacity will be
about three thousand. Fresh cin
ders are to be put on poor spots on
the track, which has been under
going the process of rolling during
the past week. The place near the
gate in which water has collected
during rainy weather will be filled
in and everything putin the best
order for the meet.
