# TD THE HARD WAY
## 
### 

LLOYD MERRIMAN skids across the goal line, carrying Idaho full
man Bill Miklich with him, for Stanford's first score Saturday.
—Photo I) v San Francisco Chronicle

LLOYD MERRIMAN skids across the goal line, carrying Idaho full
man Bill Miklich with him, for Stanford's first score Saturday.
—Photo I) v San Francisco Chronicle

LLOYD MERRIMAN skids across the goal line, carrying Idaho full
man Bill Miklich with him, for Stanford's first score Saturday.
—Photo I) v San Francisco Chronicle

LLOYD MERRIMAN skids across the goal line, carrying Idaho full
man Bill Miklich with him, for Stanford's first score Saturday.
—Photo I) v San Francisco Chronicle

LLOYD MERRIMAN skids across the goal line, carrying Idaho full
man Bill Miklich with him, for Stanford's first score Saturday.
—Photo I) v San Francisco Chronicle

LLOYD MERRIMAN skids across the goal line, carrying Idaho full
man Bill Miklich with him, for Stanford's first score Saturday.
—Photo I) v San Francisco Chronicle

LLOYD MERRIMAN skids across the goal line, carrying Idaho full
man Bill Miklich with him, for Stanford's first score Saturday.
—Photo I) v San Francisco Chronicle

LLOYD MERRIMAN skids across the goal line, carrying Idaho full
man Bill Miklich with him, for Stanford's first score Saturday.
—Photo I) v San Francisco Chronicle

LLOYD MERRIMAN skids across the goal line, carrying Idaho full
man Bill Miklich with him, for Stanford's first score Saturday.
—Photo I) v San Francisco Chronicle

LLOYD MERRIMAN skids across the goal line, carrying Idaho full
man Bill Miklich with him, for Stanford's first score Saturday.
—Photo I) v San Francisco Chronicle

LLOYD MERRIMAN skids across the goal line, carrying Idaho full
man Bill Miklich with him, for Stanford's first score Saturday.
—Photo I) v San Francisco Chronicle

LLOYD MERRIMAN skids across the goal line, carrying Idaho full
man Bill Miklich with him, for Stanford's first score Saturday.
—Photo I) v San Francisco Chronicle

LLOYD MERRIMAN skids across the goal line, carrying Idaho full
man Bill Miklich with him, for Stanford's first score Saturday.
—Photo I) v San Francisco Chronicle

LLOYD MERRIMAN skids across the goal line, carrying Idaho full
man Bill Miklich with him, for Stanford's first score Saturday.
—Photo I) v San Francisco Chronicle

LLOYD MERRIMAN skids across the goal line, carrying Idaho full
man Bill Miklich with him, for Stanford's first score Saturday.
—Photo I) v San Francisco Chronicle
