# U.C.L.A. Special Train Sign-up Time Extended
## 
### 
For all those students who still
wish to attend the U.C.L.A.-Stan
ford fool hall game on Oclohcr 12,
hilt who failed to make the Satur
day sign-up deadline for the spe
cial train to he run by Southern
Pacific, the deadline has hecn ex
tended until today at 5 p.m., ac
cording to Joan MeDonough, haad
of Cardinals.
Signups must he made at the
A.S.S.U. office in order to assure
reservations upon the train which
will leave Palo Alto at 7:45 p.m.
October 11 and arrive in Los An
geles at 8:05 a.m. The return
train will leave Los Angeles for
Palo Alto at 1 a.m., October 13.
Hates on an intermediate ticket
with lower berth, round trip, will
be $22.04; upper berth. $22.31,
round trip: and coach, $13.f>!).
