# Stocks Level Off; Volume Declines
## 
### 
NEW YORK. Jan. 28 (UP).—The
stock market showed signs of re
gaining its equilibrium last week
although the drop in business ac
tivity from the record highs estab
lished in the closing month of last
year appeared to be gaining mo
mentum.
Industrial production, private in
dexes indicated, had slipped back
to the lowest levels since last No
vember. The easing had been an
ticipated, however, and had only
moderate influence on the market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 28 (UP).—The
stock market showed signs of re
gaining its equilibrium last week
although the drop in business ac
tivity from the record highs estab
lished in the closing month of last
year appeared to be gaining mo
mentum.
Industrial production, private in
dexes indicated, had slipped back
to the lowest levels since last No
vember. The easing had been an
ticipated, however, and had only
moderate influence on the market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 28 (UP).—The
stock market showed signs of re
gaining its equilibrium last week
although the drop in business ac
tivity from the record highs estab
lished in the closing month of last
year appeared to be gaining mo
mentum.
Industrial production, private in
dexes indicated, had slipped back
to the lowest levels since last No
vember. The easing had been an
ticipated, however, and had only
moderate influence on the market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 28 (UP).—The
stock market showed signs of re
gaining its equilibrium last week
although the drop in business ac
tivity from the record highs estab
lished in the closing month of last
year appeared to be gaining mo
mentum.
Industrial production, private in
dexes indicated, had slipped back
to the lowest levels since last No
vember. The easing had been an
ticipated, however, and had only
moderate influence on the market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 28 (UP).—The
stock market showed signs of re
gaining its equilibrium last week
although the drop in business ac
tivity from the record highs estab
lished in the closing month of last
year appeared to be gaining mo
mentum.
Industrial production, private in
dexes indicated, had slipped back
to the lowest levels since last No
vember. The easing had been an
ticipated, however, and had only
moderate influence on the market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 28 (UP).—The
stock market showed signs of re
gaining its equilibrium last week
although the drop in business ac
tivity from the record highs estab
lished in the closing month of last
year appeared to be gaining mo
mentum.
Industrial production, private in
dexes indicated, had slipped back
to the lowest levels since last No
vember. The easing had been an
ticipated, however, and had only
moderate influence on the market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 28 (UP).—The
stock market showed signs of re
gaining its equilibrium last week
although the drop in business ac
tivity from the record highs estab
lished in the closing month of last
year appeared to be gaining mo
mentum.
Industrial production, private in
dexes indicated, had slipped back
to the lowest levels since last No
vember. The easing had been an
ticipated, however, and had only
moderate influence on the market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 28 (UP).—The
stock market showed signs of re
gaining its equilibrium last week
although the drop in business ac
tivity from the record highs estab
lished in the closing month of last
year appeared to be gaining mo
mentum.
Industrial production, private in
dexes indicated, had slipped back
to the lowest levels since last No
vember. The easing had been an
ticipated, however, and had only
moderate influence on the market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 28 (UP).—The
stock market showed signs of re
gaining its equilibrium last week
although the drop in business ac
tivity from the record highs estab
lished in the closing month of last
year appeared to be gaining mo
mentum.
Industrial production, private in
dexes indicated, had slipped back
to the lowest levels since last No
vember. The easing had been an
ticipated, however, and had only
moderate influence on the market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 28 (UP).—The
stock market showed signs of re
gaining its equilibrium last week
although the drop in business ac
tivity from the record highs estab
lished in the closing month of last
year appeared to be gaining mo
mentum.
Industrial production, private in
dexes indicated, had slipped back
to the lowest levels since last No
vember. The easing had been an
ticipated, however, and had only
moderate influence on the market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 28 (UP).—The
stock market showed signs of re
gaining its equilibrium last week
although the drop in business ac
tivity from the record highs estab
lished in the closing month of last
year appeared to be gaining mo
mentum.
Industrial production, private in
dexes indicated, had slipped back
to the lowest levels since last No
vember. The easing had been an
ticipated, however, and had only
moderate influence on the market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 28 (UP).—The
stock market showed signs of re
gaining its equilibrium last week
although the drop in business ac
tivity from the record highs estab
lished in the closing month of last
year appeared to be gaining mo
mentum.
Industrial production, private in
dexes indicated, had slipped back
to the lowest levels since last No
vember. The easing had been an
ticipated, however, and had only
moderate influence on the market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 28 (UP).—The
stock market showed signs of re
gaining its equilibrium last week
although the drop in business ac
tivity from the record highs estab
lished in the closing month of last
year appeared to be gaining mo
mentum.
Industrial production, private in
dexes indicated, had slipped back
to the lowest levels since last No
vember. The easing had been an
ticipated, however, and had only
moderate influence on the market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 28 (UP).—The
stock market showed signs of re
gaining its equilibrium last week
although the drop in business ac
tivity from the record highs estab
lished in the closing month of last
year appeared to be gaining mo
mentum.
Industrial production, private in
dexes indicated, had slipped back
to the lowest levels since last No
vember. The easing had been an
ticipated, however, and had only
moderate influence on the market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 28 (UP).—The
stock market showed signs of re
gaining its equilibrium last week
although the drop in business ac
tivity from the record highs estab
lished in the closing month of last
year appeared to be gaining mo
mentum.
Industrial production, private in
dexes indicated, had slipped back
to the lowest levels since last No
vember. The easing had been an
ticipated, however, and had only
moderate influence on the market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 28 (UP).—The
stock market showed signs of re
gaining its equilibrium last week
although the drop in business ac
tivity from the record highs estab
lished in the closing month of last
year appeared to be gaining mo
mentum.
Industrial production, private in
dexes indicated, had slipped back
to the lowest levels since last No
vember. The easing had been an
ticipated, however, and had only
moderate influence on the market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 28 (UP).—The
stock market showed signs of re
gaining its equilibrium last week
although the drop in business ac
tivity from the record highs estab
lished in the closing month of last
year appeared to be gaining mo
mentum.
Industrial production, private in
dexes indicated, had slipped back
to the lowest levels since last No
vember. The easing had been an
ticipated, however, and had only
moderate influence on the market.
