# WAITING FOR A BLACKOUT
## 
### 

REFUTING the actor's howl that all rehearsals are dull, Bucky Ilen
shaw and Sylvia Berry, romantic leads in "The Warrior's Husband,"
scheduled for presentation on February 1, 2, and 3, give contrary evi
dence for the benefit of the cameraman. And this is just a part of
the play.

REFUTING the actor's howl that all rehearsals are dull, Bucky Ilen
shaw and Sylvia Berry, romantic leads in "The Warrior's Husband,"
scheduled for presentation on February 1, 2, and 3, give contrary evi
dence for the benefit of the cameraman. And this is just a part of
the play.

REFUTING the actor's howl that all rehearsals are dull, Bucky Ilen
shaw and Sylvia Berry, romantic leads in "The Warrior's Husband,"
scheduled for presentation on February 1, 2, and 3, give contrary evi
dence for the benefit of the cameraman. And this is just a part of
the play.

REFUTING the actor's howl that all rehearsals are dull, Bucky Ilen
shaw and Sylvia Berry, romantic leads in "The Warrior's Husband,"
scheduled for presentation on February 1, 2, and 3, give contrary evi
dence for the benefit of the cameraman. And this is just a part of
the play.

REFUTING the actor's howl that all rehearsals are dull, Bucky Ilen
shaw and Sylvia Berry, romantic leads in "The Warrior's Husband,"
scheduled for presentation on February 1, 2, and 3, give contrary evi
dence for the benefit of the cameraman. And this is just a part of
the play.

REFUTING the actor's howl that all rehearsals are dull, Bucky Ilen
shaw and Sylvia Berry, romantic leads in "The Warrior's Husband,"
scheduled for presentation on February 1, 2, and 3, give contrary evi
dence for the benefit of the cameraman. And this is just a part of
the play.

REFUTING the actor's howl that all rehearsals are dull, Bucky Ilen
shaw and Sylvia Berry, romantic leads in "The Warrior's Husband,"
scheduled for presentation on February 1, 2, and 3, give contrary evi
dence for the benefit of the cameraman. And this is just a part of
the play.

REFUTING the actor's howl that all rehearsals are dull, Bucky Ilen
shaw and Sylvia Berry, romantic leads in "The Warrior's Husband,"
scheduled for presentation on February 1, 2, and 3, give contrary evi
dence for the benefit of the cameraman. And this is just a part of
the play.

REFUTING the actor's howl that all rehearsals are dull, Bucky Ilen
shaw and Sylvia Berry, romantic leads in "The Warrior's Husband,"
scheduled for presentation on February 1, 2, and 3, give contrary evi
dence for the benefit of the cameraman. And this is just a part of
the play.

REFUTING the actor's howl that all rehearsals are dull, Bucky Ilen
shaw and Sylvia Berry, romantic leads in "The Warrior's Husband,"
scheduled for presentation on February 1, 2, and 3, give contrary evi
dence for the benefit of the cameraman. And this is just a part of
the play.

REFUTING the actor's howl that all rehearsals are dull, Bucky Ilen
shaw and Sylvia Berry, romantic leads in "The Warrior's Husband,"
scheduled for presentation on February 1, 2, and 3, give contrary evi
dence for the benefit of the cameraman. And this is just a part of
the play.

REFUTING the actor's howl that all rehearsals are dull, Bucky Ilen
shaw and Sylvia Berry, romantic leads in "The Warrior's Husband,"
scheduled for presentation on February 1, 2, and 3, give contrary evi
dence for the benefit of the cameraman. And this is just a part of
the play.

REFUTING the actor's howl that all rehearsals are dull, Bucky Ilen
shaw and Sylvia Berry, romantic leads in "The Warrior's Husband,"
scheduled for presentation on February 1, 2, and 3, give contrary evi
dence for the benefit of the cameraman. And this is just a part of
the play.

REFUTING the actor's howl that all rehearsals are dull, Bucky Ilen
shaw and Sylvia Berry, romantic leads in "The Warrior's Husband,"
scheduled for presentation on February 1, 2, and 3, give contrary evi
dence for the benefit of the cameraman. And this is just a part of
the play.

REFUTING the actor's howl that all rehearsals are dull, Bucky Ilen
shaw and Sylvia Berry, romantic leads in "The Warrior's Husband,"
scheduled for presentation on February 1, 2, and 3, give contrary evi
dence for the benefit of the cameraman. And this is just a part of
the play.

REFUTING the actor's howl that all rehearsals are dull, Bucky Ilen
shaw and Sylvia Berry, romantic leads in "The Warrior's Husband,"
scheduled for presentation on February 1, 2, and 3, give contrary evi
dence for the benefit of the cameraman. And this is just a part of
the play.

REFUTING the actor's howl that all rehearsals are dull, Bucky Ilen
shaw and Sylvia Berry, romantic leads in "The Warrior's Husband,"
scheduled for presentation on February 1, 2, and 3, give contrary evi
dence for the benefit of the cameraman. And this is just a part of
the play.
