# CAP AND GOWN
## 
### 
Seniors are urged to turn their cap
and gowns into the Bookstore im
mediately after Commencement ex
ercises.
Seniors are urged to turn their cap
and gowns into the Bookstore im
mediately after Commencement ex
ercises.
Seniors are urged to turn their cap
and gowns into the Bookstore im
mediately after Commencement ex
ercises.
Seniors are urged to turn their cap
and gowns into the Bookstore im
mediately after Commencement ex
ercises.
Seniors are urged to turn their cap
and gowns into the Bookstore im
mediately after Commencement ex
ercises.
Seniors are urged to turn their cap
and gowns into the Bookstore im
mediately after Commencement ex
ercises.
Seniors are urged to turn their cap
and gowns into the Bookstore im
mediately after Commencement ex
ercises.
Seniors are urged to turn their cap
and gowns into the Bookstore im
mediately after Commencement ex
ercises.
Seniors are urged to turn their cap
and gowns into the Bookstore im
mediately after Commencement ex
ercises.
Seniors are urged to turn their cap
and gowns into the Bookstore im
mediately after Commencement ex
ercises.
Seniors are urged to turn their cap
and gowns into the Bookstore im
mediately after Commencement ex
ercises.
Seniors are urged to turn their cap
and gowns into the Bookstore im
mediately after Commencement ex
ercises.
Seniors are urged to turn their cap
and gowns into the Bookstore im
mediately after Commencement ex
ercises.
