# A 						Successful Exhibit
## 
### 
With the ending of the present exhibit in the Art Gallery Satur
day, one of the main features of Stanford's summer cultural life
is brought to a close. Approximately f>0() persons a day, one-third
of whom were tourists, have enjoyed this outstanding collection of
ai l so generously loaned to Stanford from valuable private collec
tions.
The lecture tours of the Art Gallery conducted by Professor
Mcndclowit/, have been enthusiastically received by the summer stu
dents. The Administration may feel well repaid in its efforts to
stimulate an appreciation of line art among the people of the cam
pus and Palo Alto, and we hope it will be possible for them to
continue their policy of varied and changing exhibits during next
year.—E. H.
With the ending of the present exhibit in the Art Gallery Satur
day, one of the main features of Stanford's summer cultural life
is brought to a close. Approximately f>0() persons a day, one-third
of whom were tourists, have enjoyed this outstanding collection of
ai l so generously loaned to Stanford from valuable private collec
tions.
The lecture tours of the Art Gallery conducted by Professor
Mcndclowit/, have been enthusiastically received by the summer stu
dents. The Administration may feel well repaid in its efforts to
stimulate an appreciation of line art among the people of the cam
pus and Palo Alto, and we hope it will be possible for them to
continue their policy of varied and changing exhibits during next
year.—E. H.
With the ending of the present exhibit in the Art Gallery Satur
day, one of the main features of Stanford's summer cultural life
is brought to a close. Approximately f>0() persons a day, one-third
of whom were tourists, have enjoyed this outstanding collection of
ai l so generously loaned to Stanford from valuable private collec
tions.
The lecture tours of the Art Gallery conducted by Professor
Mcndclowit/, have been enthusiastically received by the summer stu
dents. The Administration may feel well repaid in its efforts to
stimulate an appreciation of line art among the people of the cam
pus and Palo Alto, and we hope it will be possible for them to
continue their policy of varied and changing exhibits during next
year.—E. H.
With the ending of the present exhibit in the Art Gallery Satur
day, one of the main features of Stanford's summer cultural life
is brought to a close. Approximately f>0() persons a day, one-third
of whom were tourists, have enjoyed this outstanding collection of
ai l so generously loaned to Stanford from valuable private collec
tions.
The lecture tours of the Art Gallery conducted by Professor
Mcndclowit/, have been enthusiastically received by the summer stu
dents. The Administration may feel well repaid in its efforts to
stimulate an appreciation of line art among the people of the cam
pus and Palo Alto, and we hope it will be possible for them to
continue their policy of varied and changing exhibits during next
year.—E. H.
With the ending of the present exhibit in the Art Gallery Satur
day, one of the main features of Stanford's summer cultural life
is brought to a close. Approximately f>0() persons a day, one-third
of whom were tourists, have enjoyed this outstanding collection of
ai l so generously loaned to Stanford from valuable private collec
tions.
The lecture tours of the Art Gallery conducted by Professor
Mcndclowit/, have been enthusiastically received by the summer stu
dents. The Administration may feel well repaid in its efforts to
stimulate an appreciation of line art among the people of the cam
pus and Palo Alto, and we hope it will be possible for them to
continue their policy of varied and changing exhibits during next
year.—E. H.
With the ending of the present exhibit in the Art Gallery Satur
day, one of the main features of Stanford's summer cultural life
is brought to a close. Approximately f>0() persons a day, one-third
of whom were tourists, have enjoyed this outstanding collection of
ai l so generously loaned to Stanford from valuable private collec
tions.
The lecture tours of the Art Gallery conducted by Professor
Mcndclowit/, have been enthusiastically received by the summer stu
dents. The Administration may feel well repaid in its efforts to
stimulate an appreciation of line art among the people of the cam
pus and Palo Alto, and we hope it will be possible for them to
continue their policy of varied and changing exhibits during next
year.—E. H.
With the ending of the present exhibit in the Art Gallery Satur
day, one of the main features of Stanford's summer cultural life
is brought to a close. Approximately f>0() persons a day, one-third
of whom were tourists, have enjoyed this outstanding collection of
ai l so generously loaned to Stanford from valuable private collec
tions.
The lecture tours of the Art Gallery conducted by Professor
Mcndclowit/, have been enthusiastically received by the summer stu
dents. The Administration may feel well repaid in its efforts to
stimulate an appreciation of line art among the people of the cam
pus and Palo Alto, and we hope it will be possible for them to
continue their policy of varied and changing exhibits during next
year.—E. H.
With the ending of the present exhibit in the Art Gallery Satur
day, one of the main features of Stanford's summer cultural life
is brought to a close. Approximately f>0() persons a day, one-third
of whom were tourists, have enjoyed this outstanding collection of
ai l so generously loaned to Stanford from valuable private collec
tions.
The lecture tours of the Art Gallery conducted by Professor
Mcndclowit/, have been enthusiastically received by the summer stu
dents. The Administration may feel well repaid in its efforts to
stimulate an appreciation of line art among the people of the cam
pus and Palo Alto, and we hope it will be possible for them to
continue their policy of varied and changing exhibits during next
year.—E. H.
With the ending of the present exhibit in the Art Gallery Satur
day, one of the main features of Stanford's summer cultural life
is brought to a close. Approximately f>0() persons a day, one-third
of whom were tourists, have enjoyed this outstanding collection of
ai l so generously loaned to Stanford from valuable private collec
tions.
The lecture tours of the Art Gallery conducted by Professor
Mcndclowit/, have been enthusiastically received by the summer stu
dents. The Administration may feel well repaid in its efforts to
stimulate an appreciation of line art among the people of the cam
pus and Palo Alto, and we hope it will be possible for them to
continue their policy of varied and changing exhibits during next
year.—E. H.
With the ending of the present exhibit in the Art Gallery Satur
day, one of the main features of Stanford's summer cultural life
is brought to a close. Approximately f>0() persons a day, one-third
of whom were tourists, have enjoyed this outstanding collection of
ai l so generously loaned to Stanford from valuable private collec
tions.
The lecture tours of the Art Gallery conducted by Professor
Mcndclowit/, have been enthusiastically received by the summer stu
dents. The Administration may feel well repaid in its efforts to
stimulate an appreciation of line art among the people of the cam
pus and Palo Alto, and we hope it will be possible for them to
continue their policy of varied and changing exhibits during next
year.—E. H.
With the ending of the present exhibit in the Art Gallery Satur
day, one of the main features of Stanford's summer cultural life
is brought to a close. Approximately f>0() persons a day, one-third
of whom were tourists, have enjoyed this outstanding collection of
ai l so generously loaned to Stanford from valuable private collec
tions.
The lecture tours of the Art Gallery conducted by Professor
Mcndclowit/, have been enthusiastically received by the summer stu
dents. The Administration may feel well repaid in its efforts to
stimulate an appreciation of line art among the people of the cam
pus and Palo Alto, and we hope it will be possible for them to
continue their policy of varied and changing exhibits during next
year.—E. H.
With the ending of the present exhibit in the Art Gallery Satur
day, one of the main features of Stanford's summer cultural life
is brought to a close. Approximately f>0() persons a day, one-third
of whom were tourists, have enjoyed this outstanding collection of
ai l so generously loaned to Stanford from valuable private collec
tions.
The lecture tours of the Art Gallery conducted by Professor
Mcndclowit/, have been enthusiastically received by the summer stu
dents. The Administration may feel well repaid in its efforts to
stimulate an appreciation of line art among the people of the cam
pus and Palo Alto, and we hope it will be possible for them to
continue their policy of varied and changing exhibits during next
year.—E. H.
With the ending of the present exhibit in the Art Gallery Satur
day, one of the main features of Stanford's summer cultural life
is brought to a close. Approximately f>0() persons a day, one-third
of whom were tourists, have enjoyed this outstanding collection of
ai l so generously loaned to Stanford from valuable private collec
tions.
The lecture tours of the Art Gallery conducted by Professor
Mcndclowit/, have been enthusiastically received by the summer stu
dents. The Administration may feel well repaid in its efforts to
stimulate an appreciation of line art among the people of the cam
pus and Palo Alto, and we hope it will be possible for them to
continue their policy of varied and changing exhibits during next
year.—E. H.
With the ending of the present exhibit in the Art Gallery Satur
day, one of the main features of Stanford's summer cultural life
is brought to a close. Approximately f>0() persons a day, one-third
of whom were tourists, have enjoyed this outstanding collection of
ai l so generously loaned to Stanford from valuable private collec
tions.
The lecture tours of the Art Gallery conducted by Professor
Mcndclowit/, have been enthusiastically received by the summer stu
dents. The Administration may feel well repaid in its efforts to
stimulate an appreciation of line art among the people of the cam
pus and Palo Alto, and we hope it will be possible for them to
continue their policy of varied and changing exhibits during next
year.—E. H.
With the ending of the present exhibit in the Art Gallery Satur
day, one of the main features of Stanford's summer cultural life
is brought to a close. Approximately f>0() persons a day, one-third
of whom were tourists, have enjoyed this outstanding collection of
ai l so generously loaned to Stanford from valuable private collec
tions.
The lecture tours of the Art Gallery conducted by Professor
Mcndclowit/, have been enthusiastically received by the summer stu
dents. The Administration may feel well repaid in its efforts to
stimulate an appreciation of line art among the people of the cam
pus and Palo Alto, and we hope it will be possible for them to
continue their policy of varied and changing exhibits during next
year.—E. H.
