# Adv. 12 Page 4
## 
### 
Their Quality has wiped out
price distinction in cigarettes
for
You cant help but l|ke theml
They are DIFFERENT —7% are GOOD
j
Their Quality has wiped out
price distinction in cigarettes
for
You cant help but l|ke theml
They are DIFFERENT —7% are GOOD
j
Their Quality has wiped out
price distinction in cigarettes
for
You cant help but l|ke theml
They are DIFFERENT —7% are GOOD
j
Their Quality has wiped out
price distinction in cigarettes
for
You cant help but l|ke theml
They are DIFFERENT —7% are GOOD
j
Their Quality has wiped out
price distinction in cigarettes
for
You cant help but l|ke theml
They are DIFFERENT —7% are GOOD
j
Their Quality has wiped out
price distinction in cigarettes
for
You cant help but l|ke theml
They are DIFFERENT —7% are GOOD
j
Their Quality has wiped out
price distinction in cigarettes
for
You cant help but l|ke theml
They are DIFFERENT —7% are GOOD
j
Their Quality has wiped out
price distinction in cigarettes
for
You cant help but l|ke theml
They are DIFFERENT —7% are GOOD
j
Their Quality has wiped out
price distinction in cigarettes
for
You cant help but l|ke theml
They are DIFFERENT —7% are GOOD
j
Their Quality has wiped out
price distinction in cigarettes
for
You cant help but l|ke theml
They are DIFFERENT —7% are GOOD
j
Their Quality has wiped out
price distinction in cigarettes
for
You cant help but l|ke theml
They are DIFFERENT —7% are GOOD
j
Their Quality has wiped out
price distinction in cigarettes
for
You cant help but l|ke theml
They are DIFFERENT —7% are GOOD
j
Their Quality has wiped out
price distinction in cigarettes
for
You cant help but l|ke theml
They are DIFFERENT —7% are GOOD
j
