# SECOND ROUND STARTS IN RACQUET MATCHES
## 
### 
Play will start in the second round of
the singles tennis tournament tomorrow
morning, with twelve matches scheduled.
The schedule for tomorrow is: First
round, 10 o'clock, Audelotte vs. Leads,
Booth vs. May, Coulthurst vs. Harmer,
Moody vs. Dußois. Second round, Hol
liway vs. Deßach, Ashhy vs. Farley,
Milliken vs. Webster, Tussing vs. Auer
felt; 11 o'clock, Kitow vs. Mertz, J.
Neer vs. Nichols, Rowlins vs. Allen,
Jones vs. Mass, Field vs. Price, Graif
vs. Webb, Hutchens vs. Tappenbeck,
Pratt vs. Hinckley.
Play will start in the second round of
the singles tennis tournament tomorrow
morning, with twelve matches scheduled.
The schedule for tomorrow is: First
round, 10 o'clock, Audelotte vs. Leads,
Booth vs. May, Coulthurst vs. Harmer,
Moody vs. Dußois. Second round, Hol
liway vs. Deßach, Ashhy vs. Farley,
Milliken vs. Webster, Tussing vs. Auer
felt; 11 o'clock, Kitow vs. Mertz, J.
Neer vs. Nichols, Rowlins vs. Allen,
Jones vs. Mass, Field vs. Price, Graif
vs. Webb, Hutchens vs. Tappenbeck,
Pratt vs. Hinckley.
Play will start in the second round of
the singles tennis tournament tomorrow
morning, with twelve matches scheduled.
The schedule for tomorrow is: First
round, 10 o'clock, Audelotte vs. Leads,
Booth vs. May, Coulthurst vs. Harmer,
Moody vs. Dußois. Second round, Hol
liway vs. Deßach, Ashhy vs. Farley,
Milliken vs. Webster, Tussing vs. Auer
felt; 11 o'clock, Kitow vs. Mertz, J.
Neer vs. Nichols, Rowlins vs. Allen,
Jones vs. Mass, Field vs. Price, Graif
vs. Webb, Hutchens vs. Tappenbeck,
Pratt vs. Hinckley.
Play will start in the second round of
the singles tennis tournament tomorrow
morning, with twelve matches scheduled.
The schedule for tomorrow is: First
round, 10 o'clock, Audelotte vs. Leads,
Booth vs. May, Coulthurst vs. Harmer,
Moody vs. Dußois. Second round, Hol
liway vs. Deßach, Ashhy vs. Farley,
Milliken vs. Webster, Tussing vs. Auer
felt; 11 o'clock, Kitow vs. Mertz, J.
Neer vs. Nichols, Rowlins vs. Allen,
Jones vs. Mass, Field vs. Price, Graif
vs. Webb, Hutchens vs. Tappenbeck,
Pratt vs. Hinckley.
Play will start in the second round of
the singles tennis tournament tomorrow
morning, with twelve matches scheduled.
The schedule for tomorrow is: First
round, 10 o'clock, Audelotte vs. Leads,
Booth vs. May, Coulthurst vs. Harmer,
Moody vs. Dußois. Second round, Hol
liway vs. Deßach, Ashhy vs. Farley,
Milliken vs. Webster, Tussing vs. Auer
felt; 11 o'clock, Kitow vs. Mertz, J.
Neer vs. Nichols, Rowlins vs. Allen,
Jones vs. Mass, Field vs. Price, Graif
vs. Webb, Hutchens vs. Tappenbeck,
Pratt vs. Hinckley.
Play will start in the second round of
the singles tennis tournament tomorrow
morning, with twelve matches scheduled.
The schedule for tomorrow is: First
round, 10 o'clock, Audelotte vs. Leads,
Booth vs. May, Coulthurst vs. Harmer,
Moody vs. Dußois. Second round, Hol
liway vs. Deßach, Ashhy vs. Farley,
Milliken vs. Webster, Tussing vs. Auer
felt; 11 o'clock, Kitow vs. Mertz, J.
Neer vs. Nichols, Rowlins vs. Allen,
Jones vs. Mass, Field vs. Price, Graif
vs. Webb, Hutchens vs. Tappenbeck,
Pratt vs. Hinckley.
Play will start in the second round of
the singles tennis tournament tomorrow
morning, with twelve matches scheduled.
The schedule for tomorrow is: First
round, 10 o'clock, Audelotte vs. Leads,
Booth vs. May, Coulthurst vs. Harmer,
Moody vs. Dußois. Second round, Hol
liway vs. Deßach, Ashhy vs. Farley,
Milliken vs. Webster, Tussing vs. Auer
felt; 11 o'clock, Kitow vs. Mertz, J.
Neer vs. Nichols, Rowlins vs. Allen,
Jones vs. Mass, Field vs. Price, Graif
vs. Webb, Hutchens vs. Tappenbeck,
Pratt vs. Hinckley.
Play will start in the second round of
the singles tennis tournament tomorrow
morning, with twelve matches scheduled.
The schedule for tomorrow is: First
round, 10 o'clock, Audelotte vs. Leads,
Booth vs. May, Coulthurst vs. Harmer,
Moody vs. Dußois. Second round, Hol
liway vs. Deßach, Ashhy vs. Farley,
Milliken vs. Webster, Tussing vs. Auer
felt; 11 o'clock, Kitow vs. Mertz, J.
Neer vs. Nichols, Rowlins vs. Allen,
Jones vs. Mass, Field vs. Price, Graif
vs. Webb, Hutchens vs. Tappenbeck,
Pratt vs. Hinckley.
Play will start in the second round of
the singles tennis tournament tomorrow
morning, with twelve matches scheduled.
The schedule for tomorrow is: First
round, 10 o'clock, Audelotte vs. Leads,
Booth vs. May, Coulthurst vs. Harmer,
Moody vs. Dußois. Second round, Hol
liway vs. Deßach, Ashhy vs. Farley,
Milliken vs. Webster, Tussing vs. Auer
felt; 11 o'clock, Kitow vs. Mertz, J.
Neer vs. Nichols, Rowlins vs. Allen,
Jones vs. Mass, Field vs. Price, Graif
vs. Webb, Hutchens vs. Tappenbeck,
Pratt vs. Hinckley.
Play will start in the second round of
the singles tennis tournament tomorrow
morning, with twelve matches scheduled.
The schedule for tomorrow is: First
round, 10 o'clock, Audelotte vs. Leads,
Booth vs. May, Coulthurst vs. Harmer,
Moody vs. Dußois. Second round, Hol
liway vs. Deßach, Ashhy vs. Farley,
Milliken vs. Webster, Tussing vs. Auer
felt; 11 o'clock, Kitow vs. Mertz, J.
Neer vs. Nichols, Rowlins vs. Allen,
Jones vs. Mass, Field vs. Price, Graif
vs. Webb, Hutchens vs. Tappenbeck,
Pratt vs. Hinckley.
Play will start in the second round of
the singles tennis tournament tomorrow
morning, with twelve matches scheduled.
The schedule for tomorrow is: First
round, 10 o'clock, Audelotte vs. Leads,
Booth vs. May, Coulthurst vs. Harmer,
Moody vs. Dußois. Second round, Hol
liway vs. Deßach, Ashhy vs. Farley,
Milliken vs. Webster, Tussing vs. Auer
felt; 11 o'clock, Kitow vs. Mertz, J.
Neer vs. Nichols, Rowlins vs. Allen,
Jones vs. Mass, Field vs. Price, Graif
vs. Webb, Hutchens vs. Tappenbeck,
Pratt vs. Hinckley.
Play will start in the second round of
the singles tennis tournament tomorrow
morning, with twelve matches scheduled.
The schedule for tomorrow is: First
round, 10 o'clock, Audelotte vs. Leads,
Booth vs. May, Coulthurst vs. Harmer,
Moody vs. Dußois. Second round, Hol
liway vs. Deßach, Ashhy vs. Farley,
Milliken vs. Webster, Tussing vs. Auer
felt; 11 o'clock, Kitow vs. Mertz, J.
Neer vs. Nichols, Rowlins vs. Allen,
Jones vs. Mass, Field vs. Price, Graif
vs. Webb, Hutchens vs. Tappenbeck,
Pratt vs. Hinckley.
Play will start in the second round of
the singles tennis tournament tomorrow
morning, with twelve matches scheduled.
The schedule for tomorrow is: First
round, 10 o'clock, Audelotte vs. Leads,
Booth vs. May, Coulthurst vs. Harmer,
Moody vs. Dußois. Second round, Hol
liway vs. Deßach, Ashhy vs. Farley,
Milliken vs. Webster, Tussing vs. Auer
felt; 11 o'clock, Kitow vs. Mertz, J.
Neer vs. Nichols, Rowlins vs. Allen,
Jones vs. Mass, Field vs. Price, Graif
vs. Webb, Hutchens vs. Tappenbeck,
Pratt vs. Hinckley.
