# TERPSICHORE
## 
### 
Paleozoic ignorance of law and
custom has permitted a few individ
uals to slip through the world un
harmed, merely to live and suffer.
Then again there comes a time when
an exasperated public is sorely
tempted to to let fly a swift, well
aimed blow of the shoe. At the last
Encina dance, there were a number
of the campus elite, who unasked and
unwelcome, lent the social sublimity
of their presence. In the future, it
is to be hoped that these uninvited
guests will favor the free dances at
the Union.
Paleozoic ignorance of law and
custom has permitted a few individ
uals to slip through the world un
harmed, merely to live and suffer.
Then again there comes a time when
an exasperated public is sorely
tempted to to let fly a swift, well
aimed blow of the shoe. At the last
Encina dance, there were a number
of the campus elite, who unasked and
unwelcome, lent the social sublimity
of their presence. In the future, it
is to be hoped that these uninvited
guests will favor the free dances at
the Union.
Paleozoic ignorance of law and
custom has permitted a few individ
uals to slip through the world un
harmed, merely to live and suffer.
Then again there comes a time when
an exasperated public is sorely
tempted to to let fly a swift, well
aimed blow of the shoe. At the last
Encina dance, there were a number
of the campus elite, who unasked and
unwelcome, lent the social sublimity
of their presence. In the future, it
is to be hoped that these uninvited
guests will favor the free dances at
the Union.
Paleozoic ignorance of law and
custom has permitted a few individ
uals to slip through the world un
harmed, merely to live and suffer.
Then again there comes a time when
an exasperated public is sorely
tempted to to let fly a swift, well
aimed blow of the shoe. At the last
Encina dance, there were a number
of the campus elite, who unasked and
unwelcome, lent the social sublimity
of their presence. In the future, it
is to be hoped that these uninvited
guests will favor the free dances at
the Union.
Paleozoic ignorance of law and
custom has permitted a few individ
uals to slip through the world un
harmed, merely to live and suffer.
Then again there comes a time when
an exasperated public is sorely
tempted to to let fly a swift, well
aimed blow of the shoe. At the last
Encina dance, there were a number
of the campus elite, who unasked and
unwelcome, lent the social sublimity
of their presence. In the future, it
is to be hoped that these uninvited
guests will favor the free dances at
the Union.
Paleozoic ignorance of law and
custom has permitted a few individ
uals to slip through the world un
harmed, merely to live and suffer.
Then again there comes a time when
an exasperated public is sorely
tempted to to let fly a swift, well
aimed blow of the shoe. At the last
Encina dance, there were a number
of the campus elite, who unasked and
unwelcome, lent the social sublimity
of their presence. In the future, it
is to be hoped that these uninvited
guests will favor the free dances at
the Union.
Paleozoic ignorance of law and
custom has permitted a few individ
uals to slip through the world un
harmed, merely to live and suffer.
Then again there comes a time when
an exasperated public is sorely
tempted to to let fly a swift, well
aimed blow of the shoe. At the last
Encina dance, there were a number
of the campus elite, who unasked and
unwelcome, lent the social sublimity
of their presence. In the future, it
is to be hoped that these uninvited
guests will favor the free dances at
the Union.
Paleozoic ignorance of law and
custom has permitted a few individ
uals to slip through the world un
harmed, merely to live and suffer.
Then again there comes a time when
an exasperated public is sorely
tempted to to let fly a swift, well
aimed blow of the shoe. At the last
Encina dance, there were a number
of the campus elite, who unasked and
unwelcome, lent the social sublimity
of their presence. In the future, it
is to be hoped that these uninvited
guests will favor the free dances at
the Union.
Paleozoic ignorance of law and
custom has permitted a few individ
uals to slip through the world un
harmed, merely to live and suffer.
Then again there comes a time when
an exasperated public is sorely
tempted to to let fly a swift, well
aimed blow of the shoe. At the last
Encina dance, there were a number
of the campus elite, who unasked and
unwelcome, lent the social sublimity
of their presence. In the future, it
is to be hoped that these uninvited
guests will favor the free dances at
the Union.
Paleozoic ignorance of law and
custom has permitted a few individ
uals to slip through the world un
harmed, merely to live and suffer.
Then again there comes a time when
an exasperated public is sorely
tempted to to let fly a swift, well
aimed blow of the shoe. At the last
Encina dance, there were a number
of the campus elite, who unasked and
unwelcome, lent the social sublimity
of their presence. In the future, it
is to be hoped that these uninvited
guests will favor the free dances at
the Union.
Paleozoic ignorance of law and
custom has permitted a few individ
uals to slip through the world un
harmed, merely to live and suffer.
Then again there comes a time when
an exasperated public is sorely
tempted to to let fly a swift, well
aimed blow of the shoe. At the last
Encina dance, there were a number
of the campus elite, who unasked and
unwelcome, lent the social sublimity
of their presence. In the future, it
is to be hoped that these uninvited
guests will favor the free dances at
the Union.
Paleozoic ignorance of law and
custom has permitted a few individ
uals to slip through the world un
harmed, merely to live and suffer.
Then again there comes a time when
an exasperated public is sorely
tempted to to let fly a swift, well
aimed blow of the shoe. At the last
Encina dance, there were a number
of the campus elite, who unasked and
unwelcome, lent the social sublimity
of their presence. In the future, it
is to be hoped that these uninvited
guests will favor the free dances at
the Union.
Paleozoic ignorance of law and
custom has permitted a few individ
uals to slip through the world un
harmed, merely to live and suffer.
Then again there comes a time when
an exasperated public is sorely
tempted to to let fly a swift, well
aimed blow of the shoe. At the last
Encina dance, there were a number
of the campus elite, who unasked and
unwelcome, lent the social sublimity
of their presence. In the future, it
is to be hoped that these uninvited
guests will favor the free dances at
the Union.
Paleozoic ignorance of law and
custom has permitted a few individ
uals to slip through the world un
harmed, merely to live and suffer.
Then again there comes a time when
an exasperated public is sorely
tempted to to let fly a swift, well
aimed blow of the shoe. At the last
Encina dance, there were a number
of the campus elite, who unasked and
unwelcome, lent the social sublimity
of their presence. In the future, it
is to be hoped that these uninvited
guests will favor the free dances at
the Union.
