# Adv. 12 Page 4
## 
### 
ATTENTION
GROUPS SEEKING
FEE ASSESSMENTS:
The Daily editorial board will be interviewing
spokespersons regarding endorsements. Call for an
appointment at 497-4632 and ask for the Opinions
Department.
ATTENTION
GROUPS SEEKING
FEE ASSESSMENTS:
The Daily editorial board will be interviewing
spokespersons regarding endorsements. Call for an
appointment at 497-4632 and ask for the Opinions
Department.
ATTENTION
GROUPS SEEKING
FEE ASSESSMENTS:
The Daily editorial board will be interviewing
spokespersons regarding endorsements. Call for an
appointment at 497-4632 and ask for the Opinions
Department.
ATTENTION
GROUPS SEEKING
FEE ASSESSMENTS:
The Daily editorial board will be interviewing
spokespersons regarding endorsements. Call for an
appointment at 497-4632 and ask for the Opinions
Department.
ATTENTION
GROUPS SEEKING
FEE ASSESSMENTS:
The Daily editorial board will be interviewing
spokespersons regarding endorsements. Call for an
appointment at 497-4632 and ask for the Opinions
Department.
ATTENTION
GROUPS SEEKING
FEE ASSESSMENTS:
The Daily editorial board will be interviewing
spokespersons regarding endorsements. Call for an
appointment at 497-4632 and ask for the Opinions
Department.
ATTENTION
GROUPS SEEKING
FEE ASSESSMENTS:
The Daily editorial board will be interviewing
spokespersons regarding endorsements. Call for an
appointment at 497-4632 and ask for the Opinions
Department.
