# Andre Kostelanetz
## 
### 
Andre Kostelanetz will be the
guest conductor of the San Fran
cisco Symphony Orchestra in the
second of four special Saturday
evening concerts on Saturday at
8:30 p.m. Carl Sandburg will ap
pear with the orchestra as guest
narrator in Aaron Copeland's "A
Lincoln portrait."
Andre Kostelanetz will be the
guest conductor of the San Fran
cisco Symphony Orchestra in the
second of four special Saturday
evening concerts on Saturday at
8:30 p.m. Carl Sandburg will ap
pear with the orchestra as guest
narrator in Aaron Copeland's "A
Lincoln portrait."
Andre Kostelanetz will be the
guest conductor of the San Fran
cisco Symphony Orchestra in the
second of four special Saturday
evening concerts on Saturday at
8:30 p.m. Carl Sandburg will ap
pear with the orchestra as guest
narrator in Aaron Copeland's "A
Lincoln portrait."
Andre Kostelanetz will be the
guest conductor of the San Fran
cisco Symphony Orchestra in the
second of four special Saturday
evening concerts on Saturday at
8:30 p.m. Carl Sandburg will ap
pear with the orchestra as guest
narrator in Aaron Copeland's "A
Lincoln portrait."
Andre Kostelanetz will be the
guest conductor of the San Fran
cisco Symphony Orchestra in the
second of four special Saturday
evening concerts on Saturday at
8:30 p.m. Carl Sandburg will ap
pear with the orchestra as guest
narrator in Aaron Copeland's "A
Lincoln portrait."
Andre Kostelanetz will be the
guest conductor of the San Fran
cisco Symphony Orchestra in the
second of four special Saturday
evening concerts on Saturday at
8:30 p.m. Carl Sandburg will ap
pear with the orchestra as guest
narrator in Aaron Copeland's "A
Lincoln portrait."
Andre Kostelanetz will be the
guest conductor of the San Fran
cisco Symphony Orchestra in the
second of four special Saturday
evening concerts on Saturday at
8:30 p.m. Carl Sandburg will ap
pear with the orchestra as guest
narrator in Aaron Copeland's "A
Lincoln portrait."
Andre Kostelanetz will be the
guest conductor of the San Fran
cisco Symphony Orchestra in the
second of four special Saturday
evening concerts on Saturday at
8:30 p.m. Carl Sandburg will ap
pear with the orchestra as guest
narrator in Aaron Copeland's "A
Lincoln portrait."
Andre Kostelanetz will be the
guest conductor of the San Fran
cisco Symphony Orchestra in the
second of four special Saturday
evening concerts on Saturday at
8:30 p.m. Carl Sandburg will ap
pear with the orchestra as guest
narrator in Aaron Copeland's "A
Lincoln portrait."
Andre Kostelanetz will be the
guest conductor of the San Fran
cisco Symphony Orchestra in the
second of four special Saturday
evening concerts on Saturday at
8:30 p.m. Carl Sandburg will ap
pear with the orchestra as guest
narrator in Aaron Copeland's "A
Lincoln portrait."
Andre Kostelanetz will be the
guest conductor of the San Fran
cisco Symphony Orchestra in the
second of four special Saturday
evening concerts on Saturday at
8:30 p.m. Carl Sandburg will ap
pear with the orchestra as guest
narrator in Aaron Copeland's "A
Lincoln portrait."
Andre Kostelanetz will be the
guest conductor of the San Fran
cisco Symphony Orchestra in the
second of four special Saturday
evening concerts on Saturday at
8:30 p.m. Carl Sandburg will ap
pear with the orchestra as guest
narrator in Aaron Copeland's "A
Lincoln portrait."
Andre Kostelanetz will be the
guest conductor of the San Fran
cisco Symphony Orchestra in the
second of four special Saturday
evening concerts on Saturday at
8:30 p.m. Carl Sandburg will ap
pear with the orchestra as guest
narrator in Aaron Copeland's "A
Lincoln portrait."
Andre Kostelanetz will be the
guest conductor of the San Fran
cisco Symphony Orchestra in the
second of four special Saturday
evening concerts on Saturday at
8:30 p.m. Carl Sandburg will ap
pear with the orchestra as guest
narrator in Aaron Copeland's "A
Lincoln portrait."
Andre Kostelanetz will be the
guest conductor of the San Fran
cisco Symphony Orchestra in the
second of four special Saturday
evening concerts on Saturday at
8:30 p.m. Carl Sandburg will ap
pear with the orchestra as guest
narrator in Aaron Copeland's "A
Lincoln portrait."
Andre Kostelanetz will be the
guest conductor of the San Fran
cisco Symphony Orchestra in the
second of four special Saturday
evening concerts on Saturday at
8:30 p.m. Carl Sandburg will ap
pear with the orchestra as guest
narrator in Aaron Copeland's "A
Lincoln portrait."
Andre Kostelanetz will be the
guest conductor of the San Fran
cisco Symphony Orchestra in the
second of four special Saturday
evening concerts on Saturday at
8:30 p.m. Carl Sandburg will ap
pear with the orchestra as guest
narrator in Aaron Copeland's "A
Lincoln portrait."
