# Roble's Dollhouse Goes to Con Home
## 
### 
On display in the Roble lobby all
this week was a red-roofed doll
house, completely furnished and
covered with green paper vines. This
doll-house was completely decorated
by the contributions and efforts of
Corridor 3A for the benefit of the
Con Home.
Jean Hayman and Barbara White
house canvassed San Francisco for
furnishings for the dollhouse, pay
ing for them with the 75 cents con
tributed by each woman in 3A. They
made red drapes for the living-room
and dining-room, and red-and-white
plaid rugs and curtains for the two
bedrooms upstairs.
On the porch is a set of folding
furniture, and along the trellis grow
vines and flowers pasted there by the
committee.
The doll-house was taken to the
Home yesterday for the convalescent
children.
