# Graduate Named Engineer in N.Y.
## 
### 
Dudley C. Chambers, '27, has been
appointed executive engineer of the
General Electric Research Labora
tory in Schenectady, N.Y., according
to an announcement received from
that company.
Mr. Chambers received his A.B.
in Electrical Engineering from Stan
ford in 1927, and the following year
the degree of Electrical Engineer.
When he first went to General Elec
tric, he was employed in the Re
search Laboratory, with a group
working on electron tubes. From
there he went into the test course.
Dudley C. Chambers, '27, has been
appointed executive engineer of the
General Electric Research Labora
tory in Schenectady, N.Y., according
to an announcement received from
that company.
Mr. Chambers received his A.B.
in Electrical Engineering from Stan
ford in 1927, and the following year
the degree of Electrical Engineer.
When he first went to General Elec
tric, he was employed in the Re
search Laboratory, with a group
working on electron tubes. From
there he went into the test course.
Dudley C. Chambers, '27, has been
appointed executive engineer of the
General Electric Research Labora
tory in Schenectady, N.Y., according
to an announcement received from
that company.
Mr. Chambers received his A.B.
in Electrical Engineering from Stan
ford in 1927, and the following year
the degree of Electrical Engineer.
When he first went to General Elec
tric, he was employed in the Re
search Laboratory, with a group
working on electron tubes. From
there he went into the test course.
Dudley C. Chambers, '27, has been
appointed executive engineer of the
General Electric Research Labora
tory in Schenectady, N.Y., according
to an announcement received from
that company.
Mr. Chambers received his A.B.
in Electrical Engineering from Stan
ford in 1927, and the following year
the degree of Electrical Engineer.
When he first went to General Elec
tric, he was employed in the Re
search Laboratory, with a group
working on electron tubes. From
there he went into the test course.
Dudley C. Chambers, '27, has been
appointed executive engineer of the
General Electric Research Labora
tory in Schenectady, N.Y., according
to an announcement received from
that company.
Mr. Chambers received his A.B.
in Electrical Engineering from Stan
ford in 1927, and the following year
the degree of Electrical Engineer.
When he first went to General Elec
tric, he was employed in the Re
search Laboratory, with a group
working on electron tubes. From
there he went into the test course.
Dudley C. Chambers, '27, has been
appointed executive engineer of the
General Electric Research Labora
tory in Schenectady, N.Y., according
to an announcement received from
that company.
Mr. Chambers received his A.B.
in Electrical Engineering from Stan
ford in 1927, and the following year
the degree of Electrical Engineer.
When he first went to General Elec
tric, he was employed in the Re
search Laboratory, with a group
working on electron tubes. From
there he went into the test course.
Dudley C. Chambers, '27, has been
appointed executive engineer of the
General Electric Research Labora
tory in Schenectady, N.Y., according
to an announcement received from
that company.
Mr. Chambers received his A.B.
in Electrical Engineering from Stan
ford in 1927, and the following year
the degree of Electrical Engineer.
When he first went to General Elec
tric, he was employed in the Re
search Laboratory, with a group
working on electron tubes. From
there he went into the test course.
Dudley C. Chambers, '27, has been
appointed executive engineer of the
General Electric Research Labora
tory in Schenectady, N.Y., according
to an announcement received from
that company.
Mr. Chambers received his A.B.
in Electrical Engineering from Stan
ford in 1927, and the following year
the degree of Electrical Engineer.
When he first went to General Elec
tric, he was employed in the Re
search Laboratory, with a group
working on electron tubes. From
there he went into the test course.
Dudley C. Chambers, '27, has been
appointed executive engineer of the
General Electric Research Labora
tory in Schenectady, N.Y., according
to an announcement received from
that company.
Mr. Chambers received his A.B.
in Electrical Engineering from Stan
ford in 1927, and the following year
the degree of Electrical Engineer.
When he first went to General Elec
tric, he was employed in the Re
search Laboratory, with a group
working on electron tubes. From
there he went into the test course.
Dudley C. Chambers, '27, has been
appointed executive engineer of the
General Electric Research Labora
tory in Schenectady, N.Y., according
to an announcement received from
that company.
Mr. Chambers received his A.B.
in Electrical Engineering from Stan
ford in 1927, and the following year
the degree of Electrical Engineer.
When he first went to General Elec
tric, he was employed in the Re
search Laboratory, with a group
working on electron tubes. From
there he went into the test course.
Dudley C. Chambers, '27, has been
appointed executive engineer of the
General Electric Research Labora
tory in Schenectady, N.Y., according
to an announcement received from
that company.
Mr. Chambers received his A.B.
in Electrical Engineering from Stan
ford in 1927, and the following year
the degree of Electrical Engineer.
When he first went to General Elec
tric, he was employed in the Re
search Laboratory, with a group
working on electron tubes. From
there he went into the test course.
Dudley C. Chambers, '27, has been
appointed executive engineer of the
General Electric Research Labora
tory in Schenectady, N.Y., according
to an announcement received from
that company.
Mr. Chambers received his A.B.
in Electrical Engineering from Stan
ford in 1927, and the following year
the degree of Electrical Engineer.
When he first went to General Elec
tric, he was employed in the Re
search Laboratory, with a group
working on electron tubes. From
there he went into the test course.
Dudley C. Chambers, '27, has been
appointed executive engineer of the
General Electric Research Labora
tory in Schenectady, N.Y., according
to an announcement received from
that company.
Mr. Chambers received his A.B.
in Electrical Engineering from Stan
ford in 1927, and the following year
the degree of Electrical Engineer.
When he first went to General Elec
tric, he was employed in the Re
search Laboratory, with a group
working on electron tubes. From
there he went into the test course.
Dudley C. Chambers, '27, has been
appointed executive engineer of the
General Electric Research Labora
tory in Schenectady, N.Y., according
to an announcement received from
that company.
Mr. Chambers received his A.B.
in Electrical Engineering from Stan
ford in 1927, and the following year
the degree of Electrical Engineer.
When he first went to General Elec
tric, he was employed in the Re
search Laboratory, with a group
working on electron tubes. From
there he went into the test course.
Dudley C. Chambers, '27, has been
appointed executive engineer of the
General Electric Research Labora
tory in Schenectady, N.Y., according
to an announcement received from
that company.
Mr. Chambers received his A.B.
in Electrical Engineering from Stan
ford in 1927, and the following year
the degree of Electrical Engineer.
When he first went to General Elec
tric, he was employed in the Re
search Laboratory, with a group
working on electron tubes. From
there he went into the test course.
