# Adv. 23 Page 4
## 
### 
you can run a 15-word classified ad in
The Daily. Why not reach tlie students
this inexpensive way? Offer automobiles
for sale, rooms, merchandise or what
vou will. Tliev bring quick, definite
results.
you can run a 15-word classified ad in
The Daily. Why not reach tlie students
this inexpensive way? Offer automobiles
for sale, rooms, merchandise or what
vou will. Tliev bring quick, definite
results.
you can run a 15-word classified ad in
The Daily. Why not reach tlie students
this inexpensive way? Offer automobiles
for sale, rooms, merchandise or what
vou will. Tliev bring quick, definite
results.
you can run a 15-word classified ad in
The Daily. Why not reach tlie students
this inexpensive way? Offer automobiles
for sale, rooms, merchandise or what
vou will. Tliev bring quick, definite
results.
you can run a 15-word classified ad in
The Daily. Why not reach tlie students
this inexpensive way? Offer automobiles
for sale, rooms, merchandise or what
vou will. Tliev bring quick, definite
results.
you can run a 15-word classified ad in
The Daily. Why not reach tlie students
this inexpensive way? Offer automobiles
for sale, rooms, merchandise or what
vou will. Tliev bring quick, definite
results.
you can run a 15-word classified ad in
The Daily. Why not reach tlie students
this inexpensive way? Offer automobiles
for sale, rooms, merchandise or what
vou will. Tliev bring quick, definite
results.
you can run a 15-word classified ad in
The Daily. Why not reach tlie students
this inexpensive way? Offer automobiles
for sale, rooms, merchandise or what
vou will. Tliev bring quick, definite
results.
you can run a 15-word classified ad in
The Daily. Why not reach tlie students
this inexpensive way? Offer automobiles
for sale, rooms, merchandise or what
vou will. Tliev bring quick, definite
results.
you can run a 15-word classified ad in
The Daily. Why not reach tlie students
this inexpensive way? Offer automobiles
for sale, rooms, merchandise or what
vou will. Tliev bring quick, definite
results.
you can run a 15-word classified ad in
The Daily. Why not reach tlie students
this inexpensive way? Offer automobiles
for sale, rooms, merchandise or what
vou will. Tliev bring quick, definite
results.
you can run a 15-word classified ad in
The Daily. Why not reach tlie students
this inexpensive way? Offer automobiles
for sale, rooms, merchandise or what
vou will. Tliev bring quick, definite
results.
you can run a 15-word classified ad in
The Daily. Why not reach tlie students
this inexpensive way? Offer automobiles
for sale, rooms, merchandise or what
vou will. Tliev bring quick, definite
results.
you can run a 15-word classified ad in
The Daily. Why not reach tlie students
this inexpensive way? Offer automobiles
for sale, rooms, merchandise or what
vou will. Tliev bring quick, definite
results.
you can run a 15-word classified ad in
The Daily. Why not reach tlie students
this inexpensive way? Offer automobiles
for sale, rooms, merchandise or what
vou will. Tliev bring quick, definite
results.
