# A. O. PI PLEDGES
## 
### 
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Peggy Lee Erdman, '41.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Peggy Lee Erdman, '41.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Peggy Lee Erdman, '41.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Peggy Lee Erdman, '41.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Peggy Lee Erdman, '41.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Peggy Lee Erdman, '41.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Peggy Lee Erdman, '41.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Peggy Lee Erdman, '41.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Peggy Lee Erdman, '41.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Peggy Lee Erdman, '41.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Peggy Lee Erdman, '41.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Peggy Lee Erdman, '41.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Peggy Lee Erdman, '41.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Peggy Lee Erdman, '41.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Peggy Lee Erdman, '41.
