# TUESDAY SERIES
## Choral Music Program Set 
### 
Harold C. Schmidt will direct the
Stanford University Chorus in a
program of Baroque, Romantic, and
contemporary choral music in the
Tuesday Evening Series in Memo
rial Auditorium tomorrow at 7:30.
The program will include compo
sitions by Bach, Debussy. Gustav
Hoist, and Brahms. The Hoist com
position, "A Dirge for Two Veter
ans," will be accompanied by brass
and percussion playing parts ar
ranged by Julius Shuchat, Univer
sity Band director.
Sopranos Ruth -Roehr and Joan
Stensen will sing solos in Debussy's
"The Blessed Damozel." Miss Roehr
is a member of the San Francisco
Opera Chorus and Miss Stensen was
a soloist in the Stanford Symphony-
Chorus concert in San Francisco
last December. Both are seniors in
music at Stanford.
The chorus has sung major choral
works under such conductors as
Pierre Monteux, William Steinberg,
Bruno Walter, and Victor de Sa
bata, and appeared last Thursday
evening at Stanford in concert with
the San Francisco Symphony Or
chestra under De Sabata's direc
tion. The chorus has traveled to
San Francisco for appearances with
the Symphony and lias made many
records.
