# Will Talk on Stevenson.
## 
### 
Dr. Jordan and Professor H. W.
liolfe of the Greek department will
speak tonight at the Stevenson
banquet to be held at the Califor
nia Hotel in San Francisco. The
banquet Will be held in honor of
Robert Louis Stevenson's birthday.
Dr. Jordan and Professor H. W.
liolfe of the Greek department will
speak tonight at the Stevenson
banquet to be held at the Califor
nia Hotel in San Francisco. The
banquet Will be held in honor of
Robert Louis Stevenson's birthday.
Dr. Jordan and Professor H. W.
liolfe of the Greek department will
speak tonight at the Stevenson
banquet to be held at the Califor
nia Hotel in San Francisco. The
banquet Will be held in honor of
Robert Louis Stevenson's birthday.
Dr. Jordan and Professor H. W.
liolfe of the Greek department will
speak tonight at the Stevenson
banquet to be held at the Califor
nia Hotel in San Francisco. The
banquet Will be held in honor of
Robert Louis Stevenson's birthday.
Dr. Jordan and Professor H. W.
liolfe of the Greek department will
speak tonight at the Stevenson
banquet to be held at the Califor
nia Hotel in San Francisco. The
banquet Will be held in honor of
Robert Louis Stevenson's birthday.
Dr. Jordan and Professor H. W.
liolfe of the Greek department will
speak tonight at the Stevenson
banquet to be held at the Califor
nia Hotel in San Francisco. The
banquet Will be held in honor of
Robert Louis Stevenson's birthday.
Dr. Jordan and Professor H. W.
liolfe of the Greek department will
speak tonight at the Stevenson
banquet to be held at the Califor
nia Hotel in San Francisco. The
banquet Will be held in honor of
Robert Louis Stevenson's birthday.
Dr. Jordan and Professor H. W.
liolfe of the Greek department will
speak tonight at the Stevenson
banquet to be held at the Califor
nia Hotel in San Francisco. The
banquet Will be held in honor of
Robert Louis Stevenson's birthday.
