# TENNIS PLAYER ILL
## 
### 
CARMEL, Jan. 31 (UP).—Barbara
Winslow, America's fourth-ranking
women's tennis player, underwent a
blood transfusion operation at Cnr
mel Hospital, where she has been
under treatment for an illness con
tracted on her tournament tour last
season.
CARMEL, Jan. 31 (UP).—Barbara
Winslow, America's fourth-ranking
women's tennis player, underwent a
blood transfusion operation at Cnr
mel Hospital, where she has been
under treatment for an illness con
tracted on her tournament tour last
season.
CARMEL, Jan. 31 (UP).—Barbara
Winslow, America's fourth-ranking
women's tennis player, underwent a
blood transfusion operation at Cnr
mel Hospital, where she has been
under treatment for an illness con
tracted on her tournament tour last
season.
CARMEL, Jan. 31 (UP).—Barbara
Winslow, America's fourth-ranking
women's tennis player, underwent a
blood transfusion operation at Cnr
mel Hospital, where she has been
under treatment for an illness con
tracted on her tournament tour last
season.
CARMEL, Jan. 31 (UP).—Barbara
Winslow, America's fourth-ranking
women's tennis player, underwent a
blood transfusion operation at Cnr
mel Hospital, where she has been
under treatment for an illness con
tracted on her tournament tour last
season.
CARMEL, Jan. 31 (UP).—Barbara
Winslow, America's fourth-ranking
women's tennis player, underwent a
blood transfusion operation at Cnr
mel Hospital, where she has been
under treatment for an illness con
tracted on her tournament tour last
season.
CARMEL, Jan. 31 (UP).—Barbara
Winslow, America's fourth-ranking
women's tennis player, underwent a
blood transfusion operation at Cnr
mel Hospital, where she has been
under treatment for an illness con
tracted on her tournament tour last
season.
CARMEL, Jan. 31 (UP).—Barbara
Winslow, America's fourth-ranking
women's tennis player, underwent a
blood transfusion operation at Cnr
mel Hospital, where she has been
under treatment for an illness con
tracted on her tournament tour last
season.
CARMEL, Jan. 31 (UP).—Barbara
Winslow, America's fourth-ranking
women's tennis player, underwent a
blood transfusion operation at Cnr
mel Hospital, where she has been
under treatment for an illness con
tracted on her tournament tour last
season.
CARMEL, Jan. 31 (UP).—Barbara
Winslow, America's fourth-ranking
women's tennis player, underwent a
blood transfusion operation at Cnr
mel Hospital, where she has been
under treatment for an illness con
tracted on her tournament tour last
season.
CARMEL, Jan. 31 (UP).—Barbara
Winslow, America's fourth-ranking
women's tennis player, underwent a
blood transfusion operation at Cnr
mel Hospital, where she has been
under treatment for an illness con
tracted on her tournament tour last
season.
CARMEL, Jan. 31 (UP).—Barbara
Winslow, America's fourth-ranking
women's tennis player, underwent a
blood transfusion operation at Cnr
mel Hospital, where she has been
under treatment for an illness con
tracted on her tournament tour last
season.
CARMEL, Jan. 31 (UP).—Barbara
Winslow, America's fourth-ranking
women's tennis player, underwent a
blood transfusion operation at Cnr
mel Hospital, where she has been
under treatment for an illness con
tracted on her tournament tour last
season.
CARMEL, Jan. 31 (UP).—Barbara
Winslow, America's fourth-ranking
women's tennis player, underwent a
blood transfusion operation at Cnr
mel Hospital, where she has been
under treatment for an illness con
tracted on her tournament tour last
season.
CARMEL, Jan. 31 (UP).—Barbara
Winslow, America's fourth-ranking
women's tennis player, underwent a
blood transfusion operation at Cnr
mel Hospital, where she has been
under treatment for an illness con
tracted on her tournament tour last
season.
CARMEL, Jan. 31 (UP).—Barbara
Winslow, America's fourth-ranking
women's tennis player, underwent a
blood transfusion operation at Cnr
mel Hospital, where she has been
under treatment for an illness con
tracted on her tournament tour last
season.
