# Bunn to Tell Plans For Dining Hall
## 
### 
For nil those interested in the
proposed dining hall for Branner
there will be a meeting tomorrow
night at 7:l'0 in the room in ques
tion. All persons who are interested
in seeing it open or who have ideas
on its management should he there.
Dean of Men John Bunn, will be
present to talk over ;ill suggestions
and tell the Univeristy's plans in
thus matter.
For nil those interested in the
proposed dining hall for Branner
there will be a meeting tomorrow
night at 7:l'0 in the room in ques
tion. All persons who are interested
in seeing it open or who have ideas
on its management should he there.
Dean of Men John Bunn, will be
present to talk over ;ill suggestions
and tell the Univeristy's plans in
thus matter.
For nil those interested in the
proposed dining hall for Branner
there will be a meeting tomorrow
night at 7:l'0 in the room in ques
tion. All persons who are interested
in seeing it open or who have ideas
on its management should he there.
Dean of Men John Bunn, will be
present to talk over ;ill suggestions
and tell the Univeristy's plans in
thus matter.
For nil those interested in the
proposed dining hall for Branner
there will be a meeting tomorrow
night at 7:l'0 in the room in ques
tion. All persons who are interested
in seeing it open or who have ideas
on its management should he there.
Dean of Men John Bunn, will be
present to talk over ;ill suggestions
and tell the Univeristy's plans in
thus matter.
For nil those interested in the
proposed dining hall for Branner
there will be a meeting tomorrow
night at 7:l'0 in the room in ques
tion. All persons who are interested
in seeing it open or who have ideas
on its management should he there.
Dean of Men John Bunn, will be
present to talk over ;ill suggestions
and tell the Univeristy's plans in
thus matter.
For nil those interested in the
proposed dining hall for Branner
there will be a meeting tomorrow
night at 7:l'0 in the room in ques
tion. All persons who are interested
in seeing it open or who have ideas
on its management should he there.
Dean of Men John Bunn, will be
present to talk over ;ill suggestions
and tell the Univeristy's plans in
thus matter.
For nil those interested in the
proposed dining hall for Branner
there will be a meeting tomorrow
night at 7:l'0 in the room in ques
tion. All persons who are interested
in seeing it open or who have ideas
on its management should he there.
Dean of Men John Bunn, will be
present to talk over ;ill suggestions
and tell the Univeristy's plans in
thus matter.
For nil those interested in the
proposed dining hall for Branner
there will be a meeting tomorrow
night at 7:l'0 in the room in ques
tion. All persons who are interested
in seeing it open or who have ideas
on its management should he there.
Dean of Men John Bunn, will be
present to talk over ;ill suggestions
and tell the Univeristy's plans in
thus matter.
For nil those interested in the
proposed dining hall for Branner
there will be a meeting tomorrow
night at 7:l'0 in the room in ques
tion. All persons who are interested
in seeing it open or who have ideas
on its management should he there.
Dean of Men John Bunn, will be
present to talk over ;ill suggestions
and tell the Univeristy's plans in
thus matter.
For nil those interested in the
proposed dining hall for Branner
there will be a meeting tomorrow
night at 7:l'0 in the room in ques
tion. All persons who are interested
in seeing it open or who have ideas
on its management should he there.
Dean of Men John Bunn, will be
present to talk over ;ill suggestions
and tell the Univeristy's plans in
thus matter.
For nil those interested in the
proposed dining hall for Branner
there will be a meeting tomorrow
night at 7:l'0 in the room in ques
tion. All persons who are interested
in seeing it open or who have ideas
on its management should he there.
Dean of Men John Bunn, will be
present to talk over ;ill suggestions
and tell the Univeristy's plans in
thus matter.
For nil those interested in the
proposed dining hall for Branner
there will be a meeting tomorrow
night at 7:l'0 in the room in ques
tion. All persons who are interested
in seeing it open or who have ideas
on its management should he there.
Dean of Men John Bunn, will be
present to talk over ;ill suggestions
and tell the Univeristy's plans in
thus matter.
For nil those interested in the
proposed dining hall for Branner
there will be a meeting tomorrow
night at 7:l'0 in the room in ques
tion. All persons who are interested
in seeing it open or who have ideas
on its management should he there.
Dean of Men John Bunn, will be
present to talk over ;ill suggestions
and tell the Univeristy's plans in
thus matter.
For nil those interested in the
proposed dining hall for Branner
there will be a meeting tomorrow
night at 7:l'0 in the room in ques
tion. All persons who are interested
in seeing it open or who have ideas
on its management should he there.
Dean of Men John Bunn, will be
present to talk over ;ill suggestions
and tell the Univeristy's plans in
thus matter.
For nil those interested in the
proposed dining hall for Branner
there will be a meeting tomorrow
night at 7:l'0 in the room in ques
tion. All persons who are interested
in seeing it open or who have ideas
on its management should he there.
Dean of Men John Bunn, will be
present to talk over ;ill suggestions
and tell the Univeristy's plans in
thus matter.
For nil those interested in the
proposed dining hall for Branner
there will be a meeting tomorrow
night at 7:l'0 in the room in ques
tion. All persons who are interested
in seeing it open or who have ideas
on its management should he there.
Dean of Men John Bunn, will be
present to talk over ;ill suggestions
and tell the Univeristy's plans in
thus matter.
