# 42-TON plane lands at s.f. Fair
## 
### 

BOEING CLIPPER :114, world's largest airplane, now is based at Treasure Island, world's fair site in San
Francisco Bay, preparatory to entering' transoceanic passenger and express service. The 42-ton plane lias
accommodations for 72 passengers. After the exposition. Treasure Island will be the permanent base for
the transpacific clipper lines. (Acme Telephoto)

BOEING CLIPPER :114, world's largest airplane, now is based at Treasure Island, world's fair site in San
Francisco Bay, preparatory to entering' transoceanic passenger and express service. The 42-ton plane lias
accommodations for 72 passengers. After the exposition. Treasure Island will be the permanent base for
the transpacific clipper lines. (Acme Telephoto)

BOEING CLIPPER :114, world's largest airplane, now is based at Treasure Island, world's fair site in San
Francisco Bay, preparatory to entering' transoceanic passenger and express service. The 42-ton plane lias
accommodations for 72 passengers. After the exposition. Treasure Island will be the permanent base for
the transpacific clipper lines. (Acme Telephoto)

BOEING CLIPPER :114, world's largest airplane, now is based at Treasure Island, world's fair site in San
Francisco Bay, preparatory to entering' transoceanic passenger and express service. The 42-ton plane lias
accommodations for 72 passengers. After the exposition. Treasure Island will be the permanent base for
the transpacific clipper lines. (Acme Telephoto)

BOEING CLIPPER :114, world's largest airplane, now is based at Treasure Island, world's fair site in San
Francisco Bay, preparatory to entering' transoceanic passenger and express service. The 42-ton plane lias
accommodations for 72 passengers. After the exposition. Treasure Island will be the permanent base for
the transpacific clipper lines. (Acme Telephoto)

BOEING CLIPPER :114, world's largest airplane, now is based at Treasure Island, world's fair site in San
Francisco Bay, preparatory to entering' transoceanic passenger and express service. The 42-ton plane lias
accommodations for 72 passengers. After the exposition. Treasure Island will be the permanent base for
the transpacific clipper lines. (Acme Telephoto)

BOEING CLIPPER :114, world's largest airplane, now is based at Treasure Island, world's fair site in San
Francisco Bay, preparatory to entering' transoceanic passenger and express service. The 42-ton plane lias
accommodations for 72 passengers. After the exposition. Treasure Island will be the permanent base for
the transpacific clipper lines. (Acme Telephoto)

BOEING CLIPPER :114, world's largest airplane, now is based at Treasure Island, world's fair site in San
Francisco Bay, preparatory to entering' transoceanic passenger and express service. The 42-ton plane lias
accommodations for 72 passengers. After the exposition. Treasure Island will be the permanent base for
the transpacific clipper lines. (Acme Telephoto)

BOEING CLIPPER :114, world's largest airplane, now is based at Treasure Island, world's fair site in San
Francisco Bay, preparatory to entering' transoceanic passenger and express service. The 42-ton plane lias
accommodations for 72 passengers. After the exposition. Treasure Island will be the permanent base for
the transpacific clipper lines. (Acme Telephoto)

BOEING CLIPPER :114, world's largest airplane, now is based at Treasure Island, world's fair site in San
Francisco Bay, preparatory to entering' transoceanic passenger and express service. The 42-ton plane lias
accommodations for 72 passengers. After the exposition. Treasure Island will be the permanent base for
the transpacific clipper lines. (Acme Telephoto)

BOEING CLIPPER :114, world's largest airplane, now is based at Treasure Island, world's fair site in San
Francisco Bay, preparatory to entering' transoceanic passenger and express service. The 42-ton plane lias
accommodations for 72 passengers. After the exposition. Treasure Island will be the permanent base for
the transpacific clipper lines. (Acme Telephoto)

BOEING CLIPPER :114, world's largest airplane, now is based at Treasure Island, world's fair site in San
Francisco Bay, preparatory to entering' transoceanic passenger and express service. The 42-ton plane lias
accommodations for 72 passengers. After the exposition. Treasure Island will be the permanent base for
the transpacific clipper lines. (Acme Telephoto)

BOEING CLIPPER :114, world's largest airplane, now is based at Treasure Island, world's fair site in San
Francisco Bay, preparatory to entering' transoceanic passenger and express service. The 42-ton plane lias
accommodations for 72 passengers. After the exposition. Treasure Island will be the permanent base for
the transpacific clipper lines. (Acme Telephoto)

BOEING CLIPPER :114, world's largest airplane, now is based at Treasure Island, world's fair site in San
Francisco Bay, preparatory to entering' transoceanic passenger and express service. The 42-ton plane lias
accommodations for 72 passengers. After the exposition. Treasure Island will be the permanent base for
the transpacific clipper lines. (Acme Telephoto)

BOEING CLIPPER :114, world's largest airplane, now is based at Treasure Island, world's fair site in San
Francisco Bay, preparatory to entering' transoceanic passenger and express service. The 42-ton plane lias
accommodations for 72 passengers. After the exposition. Treasure Island will be the permanent base for
the transpacific clipper lines. (Acme Telephoto)

BOEING CLIPPER :114, world's largest airplane, now is based at Treasure Island, world's fair site in San
Francisco Bay, preparatory to entering' transoceanic passenger and express service. The 42-ton plane lias
accommodations for 72 passengers. After the exposition. Treasure Island will be the permanent base for
the transpacific clipper lines. (Acme Telephoto)
