# After-Game Dance Set for Branner
## 
### 
Music and a fire will be the main
features of Branner's after-game
party Saturday, from 9:30 p.m. to
1 a.m. In order to prevent over
crowded dancing conditions, the
party will be closed, according to
Cathy Morris, vice-president of
Branner. Bids may be purchased
for 60 cents from women liivng .jn
Branner.
"We aren't going to bother with
elaborate decorations," said Miss
Morris, "since the main purpose of
the party is just to give people
something to do after the game."
In addition to music by Jimmy
Walters and his loud-speaking sys
tem, materials will be provided for
bridge games, checkers, and rno
loply.
Cake and punch will be served.
Committee chairmen are as fol
lows:
Jean Hayman, tickets; Audrey
Tompkins, music; Linda Franceschi,
refreshments; Joan Eck, serving;
Lila Spitzer, clean-up; Carol Low
ry, patrons; and Carolyn Scofield,
furniture arrangement.
Music and a fire will be the main
features of Branner's after-game
party Saturday, from 9:30 p.m. to
1 a.m. In order to prevent over
crowded dancing conditions, the
party will be closed, according to
Cathy Morris, vice-president of
Branner. Bids may be purchased
for 60 cents from women liivng .jn
Branner.
"We aren't going to bother with
elaborate decorations," said Miss
Morris, "since the main purpose of
the party is just to give people
something to do after the game."
In addition to music by Jimmy
Walters and his loud-speaking sys
tem, materials will be provided for
bridge games, checkers, and rno
loply.
Cake and punch will be served.
Committee chairmen are as fol
lows:
Jean Hayman, tickets; Audrey
Tompkins, music; Linda Franceschi,
refreshments; Joan Eck, serving;
Lila Spitzer, clean-up; Carol Low
ry, patrons; and Carolyn Scofield,
furniture arrangement.
Music and a fire will be the main
features of Branner's after-game
party Saturday, from 9:30 p.m. to
1 a.m. In order to prevent over
crowded dancing conditions, the
party will be closed, according to
Cathy Morris, vice-president of
Branner. Bids may be purchased
for 60 cents from women liivng .jn
Branner.
"We aren't going to bother with
elaborate decorations," said Miss
Morris, "since the main purpose of
the party is just to give people
something to do after the game."
In addition to music by Jimmy
Walters and his loud-speaking sys
tem, materials will be provided for
bridge games, checkers, and rno
loply.
Cake and punch will be served.
Committee chairmen are as fol
lows:
Jean Hayman, tickets; Audrey
Tompkins, music; Linda Franceschi,
refreshments; Joan Eck, serving;
Lila Spitzer, clean-up; Carol Low
ry, patrons; and Carolyn Scofield,
furniture arrangement.
Music and a fire will be the main
features of Branner's after-game
party Saturday, from 9:30 p.m. to
1 a.m. In order to prevent over
crowded dancing conditions, the
party will be closed, according to
Cathy Morris, vice-president of
Branner. Bids may be purchased
for 60 cents from women liivng .jn
Branner.
"We aren't going to bother with
elaborate decorations," said Miss
Morris, "since the main purpose of
the party is just to give people
something to do after the game."
In addition to music by Jimmy
Walters and his loud-speaking sys
tem, materials will be provided for
bridge games, checkers, and rno
loply.
Cake and punch will be served.
Committee chairmen are as fol
lows:
Jean Hayman, tickets; Audrey
Tompkins, music; Linda Franceschi,
refreshments; Joan Eck, serving;
Lila Spitzer, clean-up; Carol Low
ry, patrons; and Carolyn Scofield,
furniture arrangement.
Music and a fire will be the main
features of Branner's after-game
party Saturday, from 9:30 p.m. to
1 a.m. In order to prevent over
crowded dancing conditions, the
party will be closed, according to
Cathy Morris, vice-president of
Branner. Bids may be purchased
for 60 cents from women liivng .jn
Branner.
"We aren't going to bother with
elaborate decorations," said Miss
Morris, "since the main purpose of
the party is just to give people
something to do after the game."
In addition to music by Jimmy
Walters and his loud-speaking sys
tem, materials will be provided for
bridge games, checkers, and rno
loply.
Cake and punch will be served.
Committee chairmen are as fol
lows:
Jean Hayman, tickets; Audrey
Tompkins, music; Linda Franceschi,
refreshments; Joan Eck, serving;
Lila Spitzer, clean-up; Carol Low
ry, patrons; and Carolyn Scofield,
furniture arrangement.
Music and a fire will be the main
features of Branner's after-game
party Saturday, from 9:30 p.m. to
1 a.m. In order to prevent over
crowded dancing conditions, the
party will be closed, according to
Cathy Morris, vice-president of
Branner. Bids may be purchased
for 60 cents from women liivng .jn
Branner.
"We aren't going to bother with
elaborate decorations," said Miss
Morris, "since the main purpose of
the party is just to give people
something to do after the game."
In addition to music by Jimmy
Walters and his loud-speaking sys
tem, materials will be provided for
bridge games, checkers, and rno
loply.
Cake and punch will be served.
Committee chairmen are as fol
lows:
Jean Hayman, tickets; Audrey
Tompkins, music; Linda Franceschi,
refreshments; Joan Eck, serving;
Lila Spitzer, clean-up; Carol Low
ry, patrons; and Carolyn Scofield,
furniture arrangement.
Music and a fire will be the main
features of Branner's after-game
party Saturday, from 9:30 p.m. to
1 a.m. In order to prevent over
crowded dancing conditions, the
party will be closed, according to
Cathy Morris, vice-president of
Branner. Bids may be purchased
for 60 cents from women liivng .jn
Branner.
"We aren't going to bother with
elaborate decorations," said Miss
Morris, "since the main purpose of
the party is just to give people
something to do after the game."
In addition to music by Jimmy
Walters and his loud-speaking sys
tem, materials will be provided for
bridge games, checkers, and rno
loply.
Cake and punch will be served.
Committee chairmen are as fol
lows:
Jean Hayman, tickets; Audrey
Tompkins, music; Linda Franceschi,
refreshments; Joan Eck, serving;
Lila Spitzer, clean-up; Carol Low
ry, patrons; and Carolyn Scofield,
furniture arrangement.
Music and a fire will be the main
features of Branner's after-game
party Saturday, from 9:30 p.m. to
1 a.m. In order to prevent over
crowded dancing conditions, the
party will be closed, according to
Cathy Morris, vice-president of
Branner. Bids may be purchased
for 60 cents from women liivng .jn
Branner.
"We aren't going to bother with
elaborate decorations," said Miss
Morris, "since the main purpose of
the party is just to give people
something to do after the game."
In addition to music by Jimmy
Walters and his loud-speaking sys
tem, materials will be provided for
bridge games, checkers, and rno
loply.
Cake and punch will be served.
Committee chairmen are as fol
lows:
Jean Hayman, tickets; Audrey
Tompkins, music; Linda Franceschi,
refreshments; Joan Eck, serving;
Lila Spitzer, clean-up; Carol Low
ry, patrons; and Carolyn Scofield,
furniture arrangement.
Music and a fire will be the main
features of Branner's after-game
party Saturday, from 9:30 p.m. to
1 a.m. In order to prevent over
crowded dancing conditions, the
party will be closed, according to
Cathy Morris, vice-president of
Branner. Bids may be purchased
for 60 cents from women liivng .jn
Branner.
"We aren't going to bother with
elaborate decorations," said Miss
Morris, "since the main purpose of
the party is just to give people
something to do after the game."
In addition to music by Jimmy
Walters and his loud-speaking sys
tem, materials will be provided for
bridge games, checkers, and rno
loply.
Cake and punch will be served.
Committee chairmen are as fol
lows:
Jean Hayman, tickets; Audrey
Tompkins, music; Linda Franceschi,
refreshments; Joan Eck, serving;
Lila Spitzer, clean-up; Carol Low
ry, patrons; and Carolyn Scofield,
furniture arrangement.
Music and a fire will be the main
features of Branner's after-game
party Saturday, from 9:30 p.m. to
1 a.m. In order to prevent over
crowded dancing conditions, the
party will be closed, according to
Cathy Morris, vice-president of
Branner. Bids may be purchased
for 60 cents from women liivng .jn
Branner.
"We aren't going to bother with
elaborate decorations," said Miss
Morris, "since the main purpose of
the party is just to give people
something to do after the game."
In addition to music by Jimmy
Walters and his loud-speaking sys
tem, materials will be provided for
bridge games, checkers, and rno
loply.
Cake and punch will be served.
Committee chairmen are as fol
lows:
Jean Hayman, tickets; Audrey
Tompkins, music; Linda Franceschi,
refreshments; Joan Eck, serving;
Lila Spitzer, clean-up; Carol Low
ry, patrons; and Carolyn Scofield,
furniture arrangement.
Music and a fire will be the main
features of Branner's after-game
party Saturday, from 9:30 p.m. to
1 a.m. In order to prevent over
crowded dancing conditions, the
party will be closed, according to
Cathy Morris, vice-president of
Branner. Bids may be purchased
for 60 cents from women liivng .jn
Branner.
"We aren't going to bother with
elaborate decorations," said Miss
Morris, "since the main purpose of
the party is just to give people
something to do after the game."
In addition to music by Jimmy
Walters and his loud-speaking sys
tem, materials will be provided for
bridge games, checkers, and rno
loply.
Cake and punch will be served.
Committee chairmen are as fol
lows:
Jean Hayman, tickets; Audrey
Tompkins, music; Linda Franceschi,
refreshments; Joan Eck, serving;
Lila Spitzer, clean-up; Carol Low
ry, patrons; and Carolyn Scofield,
furniture arrangement.
Music and a fire will be the main
features of Branner's after-game
party Saturday, from 9:30 p.m. to
1 a.m. In order to prevent over
crowded dancing conditions, the
party will be closed, according to
Cathy Morris, vice-president of
Branner. Bids may be purchased
for 60 cents from women liivng .jn
Branner.
"We aren't going to bother with
elaborate decorations," said Miss
Morris, "since the main purpose of
the party is just to give people
something to do after the game."
In addition to music by Jimmy
Walters and his loud-speaking sys
tem, materials will be provided for
bridge games, checkers, and rno
loply.
Cake and punch will be served.
Committee chairmen are as fol
lows:
Jean Hayman, tickets; Audrey
Tompkins, music; Linda Franceschi,
refreshments; Joan Eck, serving;
Lila Spitzer, clean-up; Carol Low
ry, patrons; and Carolyn Scofield,
furniture arrangement.
Music and a fire will be the main
features of Branner's after-game
party Saturday, from 9:30 p.m. to
1 a.m. In order to prevent over
crowded dancing conditions, the
party will be closed, according to
Cathy Morris, vice-president of
Branner. Bids may be purchased
for 60 cents from women liivng .jn
Branner.
"We aren't going to bother with
elaborate decorations," said Miss
Morris, "since the main purpose of
the party is just to give people
something to do after the game."
In addition to music by Jimmy
Walters and his loud-speaking sys
tem, materials will be provided for
bridge games, checkers, and rno
loply.
Cake and punch will be served.
Committee chairmen are as fol
lows:
Jean Hayman, tickets; Audrey
Tompkins, music; Linda Franceschi,
refreshments; Joan Eck, serving;
Lila Spitzer, clean-up; Carol Low
ry, patrons; and Carolyn Scofield,
furniture arrangement.
Music and a fire will be the main
features of Branner's after-game
party Saturday, from 9:30 p.m. to
1 a.m. In order to prevent over
crowded dancing conditions, the
party will be closed, according to
Cathy Morris, vice-president of
Branner. Bids may be purchased
for 60 cents from women liivng .jn
Branner.
"We aren't going to bother with
elaborate decorations," said Miss
Morris, "since the main purpose of
the party is just to give people
something to do after the game."
In addition to music by Jimmy
Walters and his loud-speaking sys
tem, materials will be provided for
bridge games, checkers, and rno
loply.
Cake and punch will be served.
Committee chairmen are as fol
lows:
Jean Hayman, tickets; Audrey
Tompkins, music; Linda Franceschi,
refreshments; Joan Eck, serving;
Lila Spitzer, clean-up; Carol Low
ry, patrons; and Carolyn Scofield,
furniture arrangement.
Music and a fire will be the main
features of Branner's after-game
party Saturday, from 9:30 p.m. to
1 a.m. In order to prevent over
crowded dancing conditions, the
party will be closed, according to
Cathy Morris, vice-president of
Branner. Bids may be purchased
for 60 cents from women liivng .jn
Branner.
"We aren't going to bother with
elaborate decorations," said Miss
Morris, "since the main purpose of
the party is just to give people
something to do after the game."
In addition to music by Jimmy
Walters and his loud-speaking sys
tem, materials will be provided for
bridge games, checkers, and rno
loply.
Cake and punch will be served.
Committee chairmen are as fol
lows:
Jean Hayman, tickets; Audrey
Tompkins, music; Linda Franceschi,
refreshments; Joan Eck, serving;
Lila Spitzer, clean-up; Carol Low
ry, patrons; and Carolyn Scofield,
furniture arrangement.
