# Olympic Group Will Confer
## 
### 
There will be a meeting of Olym
pic Day central committee mem
bers Thursday evening at 7:15 in
the room to the right of the lower
lounge in the Women's Clubhouse,
announced Alice Lovett, president
of W.A.A.
The committee members ate com
posed of class officers. Those at
tending will be seniors Tom Ash
ley, president; Chris DcLap, vice
president, and Marion Carstarphen,
secretary - treasurer; juniors Mar
garet Meadowcrofl, president, and
Belly Jane Elliott, vice-president;
sophomores Robert Stephens, presi
dent, and Marilyn Cleek, vice-pres
ident; freshmen Tom Elke, presi
dent, and Joan Clay, treasurer.
Members at large will be B. J. Cal
fee, Margaret Kehoe, Beth Mac-
Vicar, Lyle Davis, and Joan Mc-
Donough.
There will be a meeting of Olym
pic Day central committee mem
bers Thursday evening at 7:15 in
the room to the right of the lower
lounge in the Women's Clubhouse,
announced Alice Lovett, president
of W.A.A.
The committee members ate com
posed of class officers. Those at
tending will be seniors Tom Ash
ley, president; Chris DcLap, vice
president, and Marion Carstarphen,
secretary - treasurer; juniors Mar
garet Meadowcrofl, president, and
Belly Jane Elliott, vice-president;
sophomores Robert Stephens, presi
dent, and Marilyn Cleek, vice-pres
ident; freshmen Tom Elke, presi
dent, and Joan Clay, treasurer.
Members at large will be B. J. Cal
fee, Margaret Kehoe, Beth Mac-
Vicar, Lyle Davis, and Joan Mc-
Donough.
There will be a meeting of Olym
pic Day central committee mem
bers Thursday evening at 7:15 in
the room to the right of the lower
lounge in the Women's Clubhouse,
announced Alice Lovett, president
of W.A.A.
The committee members ate com
posed of class officers. Those at
tending will be seniors Tom Ash
ley, president; Chris DcLap, vice
president, and Marion Carstarphen,
secretary - treasurer; juniors Mar
garet Meadowcrofl, president, and
Belly Jane Elliott, vice-president;
sophomores Robert Stephens, presi
dent, and Marilyn Cleek, vice-pres
ident; freshmen Tom Elke, presi
dent, and Joan Clay, treasurer.
Members at large will be B. J. Cal
fee, Margaret Kehoe, Beth Mac-
Vicar, Lyle Davis, and Joan Mc-
Donough.
There will be a meeting of Olym
pic Day central committee mem
bers Thursday evening at 7:15 in
the room to the right of the lower
lounge in the Women's Clubhouse,
announced Alice Lovett, president
of W.A.A.
The committee members ate com
posed of class officers. Those at
tending will be seniors Tom Ash
ley, president; Chris DcLap, vice
president, and Marion Carstarphen,
secretary - treasurer; juniors Mar
garet Meadowcrofl, president, and
Belly Jane Elliott, vice-president;
sophomores Robert Stephens, presi
dent, and Marilyn Cleek, vice-pres
ident; freshmen Tom Elke, presi
dent, and Joan Clay, treasurer.
Members at large will be B. J. Cal
fee, Margaret Kehoe, Beth Mac-
Vicar, Lyle Davis, and Joan Mc-
Donough.
There will be a meeting of Olym
pic Day central committee mem
bers Thursday evening at 7:15 in
the room to the right of the lower
lounge in the Women's Clubhouse,
announced Alice Lovett, president
of W.A.A.
The committee members ate com
posed of class officers. Those at
tending will be seniors Tom Ash
ley, president; Chris DcLap, vice
president, and Marion Carstarphen,
secretary - treasurer; juniors Mar
garet Meadowcrofl, president, and
Belly Jane Elliott, vice-president;
sophomores Robert Stephens, presi
dent, and Marilyn Cleek, vice-pres
ident; freshmen Tom Elke, presi
dent, and Joan Clay, treasurer.
Members at large will be B. J. Cal
fee, Margaret Kehoe, Beth Mac-
Vicar, Lyle Davis, and Joan Mc-
Donough.
There will be a meeting of Olym
pic Day central committee mem
bers Thursday evening at 7:15 in
the room to the right of the lower
lounge in the Women's Clubhouse,
announced Alice Lovett, president
of W.A.A.
The committee members ate com
posed of class officers. Those at
tending will be seniors Tom Ash
ley, president; Chris DcLap, vice
president, and Marion Carstarphen,
secretary - treasurer; juniors Mar
garet Meadowcrofl, president, and
Belly Jane Elliott, vice-president;
sophomores Robert Stephens, presi
dent, and Marilyn Cleek, vice-pres
ident; freshmen Tom Elke, presi
dent, and Joan Clay, treasurer.
Members at large will be B. J. Cal
fee, Margaret Kehoe, Beth Mac-
Vicar, Lyle Davis, and Joan Mc-
Donough.
There will be a meeting of Olym
pic Day central committee mem
bers Thursday evening at 7:15 in
the room to the right of the lower
lounge in the Women's Clubhouse,
announced Alice Lovett, president
of W.A.A.
The committee members ate com
posed of class officers. Those at
tending will be seniors Tom Ash
ley, president; Chris DcLap, vice
president, and Marion Carstarphen,
secretary - treasurer; juniors Mar
garet Meadowcrofl, president, and
Belly Jane Elliott, vice-president;
sophomores Robert Stephens, presi
dent, and Marilyn Cleek, vice-pres
ident; freshmen Tom Elke, presi
dent, and Joan Clay, treasurer.
Members at large will be B. J. Cal
fee, Margaret Kehoe, Beth Mac-
Vicar, Lyle Davis, and Joan Mc-
Donough.
There will be a meeting of Olym
pic Day central committee mem
bers Thursday evening at 7:15 in
the room to the right of the lower
lounge in the Women's Clubhouse,
announced Alice Lovett, president
of W.A.A.
The committee members ate com
posed of class officers. Those at
tending will be seniors Tom Ash
ley, president; Chris DcLap, vice
president, and Marion Carstarphen,
secretary - treasurer; juniors Mar
garet Meadowcrofl, president, and
Belly Jane Elliott, vice-president;
sophomores Robert Stephens, presi
dent, and Marilyn Cleek, vice-pres
ident; freshmen Tom Elke, presi
dent, and Joan Clay, treasurer.
Members at large will be B. J. Cal
fee, Margaret Kehoe, Beth Mac-
Vicar, Lyle Davis, and Joan Mc-
Donough.
There will be a meeting of Olym
pic Day central committee mem
bers Thursday evening at 7:15 in
the room to the right of the lower
lounge in the Women's Clubhouse,
announced Alice Lovett, president
of W.A.A.
The committee members ate com
posed of class officers. Those at
tending will be seniors Tom Ash
ley, president; Chris DcLap, vice
president, and Marion Carstarphen,
secretary - treasurer; juniors Mar
garet Meadowcrofl, president, and
Belly Jane Elliott, vice-president;
sophomores Robert Stephens, presi
dent, and Marilyn Cleek, vice-pres
ident; freshmen Tom Elke, presi
dent, and Joan Clay, treasurer.
Members at large will be B. J. Cal
fee, Margaret Kehoe, Beth Mac-
Vicar, Lyle Davis, and Joan Mc-
Donough.
There will be a meeting of Olym
pic Day central committee mem
bers Thursday evening at 7:15 in
the room to the right of the lower
lounge in the Women's Clubhouse,
announced Alice Lovett, president
of W.A.A.
The committee members ate com
posed of class officers. Those at
tending will be seniors Tom Ash
ley, president; Chris DcLap, vice
president, and Marion Carstarphen,
secretary - treasurer; juniors Mar
garet Meadowcrofl, president, and
Belly Jane Elliott, vice-president;
sophomores Robert Stephens, presi
dent, and Marilyn Cleek, vice-pres
ident; freshmen Tom Elke, presi
dent, and Joan Clay, treasurer.
Members at large will be B. J. Cal
fee, Margaret Kehoe, Beth Mac-
Vicar, Lyle Davis, and Joan Mc-
Donough.
There will be a meeting of Olym
pic Day central committee mem
bers Thursday evening at 7:15 in
the room to the right of the lower
lounge in the Women's Clubhouse,
announced Alice Lovett, president
of W.A.A.
The committee members ate com
posed of class officers. Those at
tending will be seniors Tom Ash
ley, president; Chris DcLap, vice
president, and Marion Carstarphen,
secretary - treasurer; juniors Mar
garet Meadowcrofl, president, and
Belly Jane Elliott, vice-president;
sophomores Robert Stephens, presi
dent, and Marilyn Cleek, vice-pres
ident; freshmen Tom Elke, presi
dent, and Joan Clay, treasurer.
Members at large will be B. J. Cal
fee, Margaret Kehoe, Beth Mac-
Vicar, Lyle Davis, and Joan Mc-
Donough.
There will be a meeting of Olym
pic Day central committee mem
bers Thursday evening at 7:15 in
the room to the right of the lower
lounge in the Women's Clubhouse,
announced Alice Lovett, president
of W.A.A.
The committee members ate com
posed of class officers. Those at
tending will be seniors Tom Ash
ley, president; Chris DcLap, vice
president, and Marion Carstarphen,
secretary - treasurer; juniors Mar
garet Meadowcrofl, president, and
Belly Jane Elliott, vice-president;
sophomores Robert Stephens, presi
dent, and Marilyn Cleek, vice-pres
ident; freshmen Tom Elke, presi
dent, and Joan Clay, treasurer.
Members at large will be B. J. Cal
fee, Margaret Kehoe, Beth Mac-
Vicar, Lyle Davis, and Joan Mc-
Donough.
There will be a meeting of Olym
pic Day central committee mem
bers Thursday evening at 7:15 in
the room to the right of the lower
lounge in the Women's Clubhouse,
announced Alice Lovett, president
of W.A.A.
The committee members ate com
posed of class officers. Those at
tending will be seniors Tom Ash
ley, president; Chris DcLap, vice
president, and Marion Carstarphen,
secretary - treasurer; juniors Mar
garet Meadowcrofl, president, and
Belly Jane Elliott, vice-president;
sophomores Robert Stephens, presi
dent, and Marilyn Cleek, vice-pres
ident; freshmen Tom Elke, presi
dent, and Joan Clay, treasurer.
Members at large will be B. J. Cal
fee, Margaret Kehoe, Beth Mac-
Vicar, Lyle Davis, and Joan Mc-
Donough.
There will be a meeting of Olym
pic Day central committee mem
bers Thursday evening at 7:15 in
the room to the right of the lower
lounge in the Women's Clubhouse,
announced Alice Lovett, president
of W.A.A.
The committee members ate com
posed of class officers. Those at
tending will be seniors Tom Ash
ley, president; Chris DcLap, vice
president, and Marion Carstarphen,
secretary - treasurer; juniors Mar
garet Meadowcrofl, president, and
Belly Jane Elliott, vice-president;
sophomores Robert Stephens, presi
dent, and Marilyn Cleek, vice-pres
ident; freshmen Tom Elke, presi
dent, and Joan Clay, treasurer.
Members at large will be B. J. Cal
fee, Margaret Kehoe, Beth Mac-
Vicar, Lyle Davis, and Joan Mc-
Donough.
There will be a meeting of Olym
pic Day central committee mem
bers Thursday evening at 7:15 in
the room to the right of the lower
lounge in the Women's Clubhouse,
announced Alice Lovett, president
of W.A.A.
The committee members ate com
posed of class officers. Those at
tending will be seniors Tom Ash
ley, president; Chris DcLap, vice
president, and Marion Carstarphen,
secretary - treasurer; juniors Mar
garet Meadowcrofl, president, and
Belly Jane Elliott, vice-president;
sophomores Robert Stephens, presi
dent, and Marilyn Cleek, vice-pres
ident; freshmen Tom Elke, presi
dent, and Joan Clay, treasurer.
Members at large will be B. J. Cal
fee, Margaret Kehoe, Beth Mac-
Vicar, Lyle Davis, and Joan Mc-
Donough.
