# Taft's 'Club Foot' Open After Game
## 
### 
Larry Frankley's Rhythm Four
will play a one-night stand at the
"Club Foot" Saturday, Feb. 16, from
8:30 p.m. until 1 a.m. The"Club
Foot" is located at Taft Hall. No
admission will be charged. Invita
tions are extended to all Cal and
Stanford students after the bas
ketball game. It is strictly a date
affair.
K r „>n Dole and his decorations
committee are working for a night
club atmosphere. Arriving couples
will be greeted at the entrance by
a doorman. Inside will be refresh
ments and drinks prepared by head
chef Barton Merrill plus dancing
and a floor show. Co-proprietors of
the club are Harlan "Moose" Harm
sen and Art Allen.
Larry Frankley's Rhythm Four
will play a one-night stand at the
"Club Foot" Saturday, Feb. 16, from
8:30 p.m. until 1 a.m. The"Club
Foot" is located at Taft Hall. No
admission will be charged. Invita
tions are extended to all Cal and
Stanford students after the bas
ketball game. It is strictly a date
affair.
K r „>n Dole and his decorations
committee are working for a night
club atmosphere. Arriving couples
will be greeted at the entrance by
a doorman. Inside will be refresh
ments and drinks prepared by head
chef Barton Merrill plus dancing
and a floor show. Co-proprietors of
the club are Harlan "Moose" Harm
sen and Art Allen.
Larry Frankley's Rhythm Four
will play a one-night stand at the
"Club Foot" Saturday, Feb. 16, from
8:30 p.m. until 1 a.m. The"Club
Foot" is located at Taft Hall. No
admission will be charged. Invita
tions are extended to all Cal and
Stanford students after the bas
ketball game. It is strictly a date
affair.
K r „>n Dole and his decorations
committee are working for a night
club atmosphere. Arriving couples
will be greeted at the entrance by
a doorman. Inside will be refresh
ments and drinks prepared by head
chef Barton Merrill plus dancing
and a floor show. Co-proprietors of
the club are Harlan "Moose" Harm
sen and Art Allen.
Larry Frankley's Rhythm Four
will play a one-night stand at the
"Club Foot" Saturday, Feb. 16, from
8:30 p.m. until 1 a.m. The"Club
Foot" is located at Taft Hall. No
admission will be charged. Invita
tions are extended to all Cal and
Stanford students after the bas
ketball game. It is strictly a date
affair.
K r „>n Dole and his decorations
committee are working for a night
club atmosphere. Arriving couples
will be greeted at the entrance by
a doorman. Inside will be refresh
ments and drinks prepared by head
chef Barton Merrill plus dancing
and a floor show. Co-proprietors of
the club are Harlan "Moose" Harm
sen and Art Allen.
Larry Frankley's Rhythm Four
will play a one-night stand at the
"Club Foot" Saturday, Feb. 16, from
8:30 p.m. until 1 a.m. The"Club
Foot" is located at Taft Hall. No
admission will be charged. Invita
tions are extended to all Cal and
Stanford students after the bas
ketball game. It is strictly a date
affair.
K r „>n Dole and his decorations
committee are working for a night
club atmosphere. Arriving couples
will be greeted at the entrance by
a doorman. Inside will be refresh
ments and drinks prepared by head
chef Barton Merrill plus dancing
and a floor show. Co-proprietors of
the club are Harlan "Moose" Harm
sen and Art Allen.
Larry Frankley's Rhythm Four
will play a one-night stand at the
"Club Foot" Saturday, Feb. 16, from
8:30 p.m. until 1 a.m. The"Club
Foot" is located at Taft Hall. No
admission will be charged. Invita
tions are extended to all Cal and
Stanford students after the bas
ketball game. It is strictly a date
affair.
K r „>n Dole and his decorations
committee are working for a night
club atmosphere. Arriving couples
will be greeted at the entrance by
a doorman. Inside will be refresh
ments and drinks prepared by head
chef Barton Merrill plus dancing
and a floor show. Co-proprietors of
the club are Harlan "Moose" Harm
sen and Art Allen.
Larry Frankley's Rhythm Four
will play a one-night stand at the
"Club Foot" Saturday, Feb. 16, from
8:30 p.m. until 1 a.m. The"Club
Foot" is located at Taft Hall. No
admission will be charged. Invita
tions are extended to all Cal and
Stanford students after the bas
ketball game. It is strictly a date
affair.
K r „>n Dole and his decorations
committee are working for a night
club atmosphere. Arriving couples
will be greeted at the entrance by
a doorman. Inside will be refresh
ments and drinks prepared by head
chef Barton Merrill plus dancing
and a floor show. Co-proprietors of
the club are Harlan "Moose" Harm
sen and Art Allen.
Larry Frankley's Rhythm Four
will play a one-night stand at the
"Club Foot" Saturday, Feb. 16, from
8:30 p.m. until 1 a.m. The"Club
Foot" is located at Taft Hall. No
admission will be charged. Invita
tions are extended to all Cal and
Stanford students after the bas
ketball game. It is strictly a date
affair.
K r „>n Dole and his decorations
committee are working for a night
club atmosphere. Arriving couples
will be greeted at the entrance by
a doorman. Inside will be refresh
ments and drinks prepared by head
chef Barton Merrill plus dancing
and a floor show. Co-proprietors of
the club are Harlan "Moose" Harm
sen and Art Allen.
Larry Frankley's Rhythm Four
will play a one-night stand at the
"Club Foot" Saturday, Feb. 16, from
8:30 p.m. until 1 a.m. The"Club
Foot" is located at Taft Hall. No
admission will be charged. Invita
tions are extended to all Cal and
Stanford students after the bas
ketball game. It is strictly a date
affair.
K r „>n Dole and his decorations
committee are working for a night
club atmosphere. Arriving couples
will be greeted at the entrance by
a doorman. Inside will be refresh
ments and drinks prepared by head
chef Barton Merrill plus dancing
and a floor show. Co-proprietors of
the club are Harlan "Moose" Harm
sen and Art Allen.
Larry Frankley's Rhythm Four
will play a one-night stand at the
"Club Foot" Saturday, Feb. 16, from
8:30 p.m. until 1 a.m. The"Club
Foot" is located at Taft Hall. No
admission will be charged. Invita
tions are extended to all Cal and
Stanford students after the bas
ketball game. It is strictly a date
affair.
K r „>n Dole and his decorations
committee are working for a night
club atmosphere. Arriving couples
will be greeted at the entrance by
a doorman. Inside will be refresh
ments and drinks prepared by head
chef Barton Merrill plus dancing
and a floor show. Co-proprietors of
the club are Harlan "Moose" Harm
sen and Art Allen.
Larry Frankley's Rhythm Four
will play a one-night stand at the
"Club Foot" Saturday, Feb. 16, from
8:30 p.m. until 1 a.m. The"Club
Foot" is located at Taft Hall. No
admission will be charged. Invita
tions are extended to all Cal and
Stanford students after the bas
ketball game. It is strictly a date
affair.
K r „>n Dole and his decorations
committee are working for a night
club atmosphere. Arriving couples
will be greeted at the entrance by
a doorman. Inside will be refresh
ments and drinks prepared by head
chef Barton Merrill plus dancing
and a floor show. Co-proprietors of
the club are Harlan "Moose" Harm
sen and Art Allen.
Larry Frankley's Rhythm Four
will play a one-night stand at the
"Club Foot" Saturday, Feb. 16, from
8:30 p.m. until 1 a.m. The"Club
Foot" is located at Taft Hall. No
admission will be charged. Invita
tions are extended to all Cal and
Stanford students after the bas
ketball game. It is strictly a date
affair.
K r „>n Dole and his decorations
committee are working for a night
club atmosphere. Arriving couples
will be greeted at the entrance by
a doorman. Inside will be refresh
ments and drinks prepared by head
chef Barton Merrill plus dancing
and a floor show. Co-proprietors of
the club are Harlan "Moose" Harm
sen and Art Allen.
Larry Frankley's Rhythm Four
will play a one-night stand at the
"Club Foot" Saturday, Feb. 16, from
8:30 p.m. until 1 a.m. The"Club
Foot" is located at Taft Hall. No
admission will be charged. Invita
tions are extended to all Cal and
Stanford students after the bas
ketball game. It is strictly a date
affair.
K r „>n Dole and his decorations
committee are working for a night
club atmosphere. Arriving couples
will be greeted at the entrance by
a doorman. Inside will be refresh
ments and drinks prepared by head
chef Barton Merrill plus dancing
and a floor show. Co-proprietors of
the club are Harlan "Moose" Harm
sen and Art Allen.
Larry Frankley's Rhythm Four
will play a one-night stand at the
"Club Foot" Saturday, Feb. 16, from
8:30 p.m. until 1 a.m. The"Club
Foot" is located at Taft Hall. No
admission will be charged. Invita
tions are extended to all Cal and
Stanford students after the bas
ketball game. It is strictly a date
affair.
K r „>n Dole and his decorations
committee are working for a night
club atmosphere. Arriving couples
will be greeted at the entrance by
a doorman. Inside will be refresh
ments and drinks prepared by head
chef Barton Merrill plus dancing
and a floor show. Co-proprietors of
the club are Harlan "Moose" Harm
sen and Art Allen.
Larry Frankley's Rhythm Four
will play a one-night stand at the
"Club Foot" Saturday, Feb. 16, from
8:30 p.m. until 1 a.m. The"Club
Foot" is located at Taft Hall. No
admission will be charged. Invita
tions are extended to all Cal and
Stanford students after the bas
ketball game. It is strictly a date
affair.
K r „>n Dole and his decorations
committee are working for a night
club atmosphere. Arriving couples
will be greeted at the entrance by
a doorman. Inside will be refresh
ments and drinks prepared by head
chef Barton Merrill plus dancing
and a floor show. Co-proprietors of
the club are Harlan "Moose" Harm
sen and Art Allen.
