# Engineers to See Color Film Tonight
## 
### 
Any engineering students inter
ested in joining the Stanford Chap
ter of Civil Engineers arc invited
to attend a meeting of that organi
zation tonight at 7:15 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
"They Saw Tomorrow," a natu
ral-color sound film depicting the
construction of the Colorado River
aqueduct, will be shown. Fabian S.
Miller, contact member of the chap
ter and city engineer of Palo Alto,
will discuss problems that an engi
neer meets in a small community
in regard to construction and main
tenance of streets, sewers, and wa
ter supply.
Students are asked to turn in ap
plication blanks for membership to
Harry Williams, professor in the
Engineering Department, in room
523.
