# SENATOR ASKS AFL RIGHTS
## 
### 
LONDON, Feb. 11 (UP). —Sen.
Tom Connally, D., Tex., today ac
cused Ukrainian UNO Delegate
Dmitri Manuilski of trying to kick
the American Federation of Labor
"into the gutter" by not granting
it equality in the UNO with the
World Federation of Trade Unions.
UNO's political and security com
mittee that the AFL be granted any
privileges given to the WFTU.
LONDON, Feb. 11 (UP). —Sen.
Tom Connally, D., Tex., today ac
cused Ukrainian UNO Delegate
Dmitri Manuilski of trying to kick
the American Federation of Labor
"into the gutter" by not granting
it equality in the UNO with the
World Federation of Trade Unions.
UNO's political and security com
mittee that the AFL be granted any
privileges given to the WFTU.
LONDON, Feb. 11 (UP). —Sen.
Tom Connally, D., Tex., today ac
cused Ukrainian UNO Delegate
Dmitri Manuilski of trying to kick
the American Federation of Labor
"into the gutter" by not granting
it equality in the UNO with the
World Federation of Trade Unions.
UNO's political and security com
mittee that the AFL be granted any
privileges given to the WFTU.
LONDON, Feb. 11 (UP). —Sen.
Tom Connally, D., Tex., today ac
cused Ukrainian UNO Delegate
Dmitri Manuilski of trying to kick
the American Federation of Labor
"into the gutter" by not granting
it equality in the UNO with the
World Federation of Trade Unions.
UNO's political and security com
mittee that the AFL be granted any
privileges given to the WFTU.
LONDON, Feb. 11 (UP). —Sen.
Tom Connally, D., Tex., today ac
cused Ukrainian UNO Delegate
Dmitri Manuilski of trying to kick
the American Federation of Labor
"into the gutter" by not granting
it equality in the UNO with the
World Federation of Trade Unions.
UNO's political and security com
mittee that the AFL be granted any
privileges given to the WFTU.
LONDON, Feb. 11 (UP). —Sen.
Tom Connally, D., Tex., today ac
cused Ukrainian UNO Delegate
Dmitri Manuilski of trying to kick
the American Federation of Labor
"into the gutter" by not granting
it equality in the UNO with the
World Federation of Trade Unions.
UNO's political and security com
mittee that the AFL be granted any
privileges given to the WFTU.
LONDON, Feb. 11 (UP). —Sen.
Tom Connally, D., Tex., today ac
cused Ukrainian UNO Delegate
Dmitri Manuilski of trying to kick
the American Federation of Labor
"into the gutter" by not granting
it equality in the UNO with the
World Federation of Trade Unions.
UNO's political and security com
mittee that the AFL be granted any
privileges given to the WFTU.
LONDON, Feb. 11 (UP). —Sen.
Tom Connally, D., Tex., today ac
cused Ukrainian UNO Delegate
Dmitri Manuilski of trying to kick
the American Federation of Labor
"into the gutter" by not granting
it equality in the UNO with the
World Federation of Trade Unions.
UNO's political and security com
mittee that the AFL be granted any
privileges given to the WFTU.
LONDON, Feb. 11 (UP). —Sen.
Tom Connally, D., Tex., today ac
cused Ukrainian UNO Delegate
Dmitri Manuilski of trying to kick
the American Federation of Labor
"into the gutter" by not granting
it equality in the UNO with the
World Federation of Trade Unions.
UNO's political and security com
mittee that the AFL be granted any
privileges given to the WFTU.
LONDON, Feb. 11 (UP). —Sen.
Tom Connally, D., Tex., today ac
cused Ukrainian UNO Delegate
Dmitri Manuilski of trying to kick
the American Federation of Labor
"into the gutter" by not granting
it equality in the UNO with the
World Federation of Trade Unions.
UNO's political and security com
mittee that the AFL be granted any
privileges given to the WFTU.
LONDON, Feb. 11 (UP). —Sen.
Tom Connally, D., Tex., today ac
cused Ukrainian UNO Delegate
Dmitri Manuilski of trying to kick
the American Federation of Labor
"into the gutter" by not granting
it equality in the UNO with the
World Federation of Trade Unions.
UNO's political and security com
mittee that the AFL be granted any
privileges given to the WFTU.
LONDON, Feb. 11 (UP). —Sen.
Tom Connally, D., Tex., today ac
cused Ukrainian UNO Delegate
Dmitri Manuilski of trying to kick
the American Federation of Labor
"into the gutter" by not granting
it equality in the UNO with the
World Federation of Trade Unions.
UNO's political and security com
mittee that the AFL be granted any
privileges given to the WFTU.
LONDON, Feb. 11 (UP). —Sen.
Tom Connally, D., Tex., today ac
cused Ukrainian UNO Delegate
Dmitri Manuilski of trying to kick
the American Federation of Labor
"into the gutter" by not granting
it equality in the UNO with the
World Federation of Trade Unions.
UNO's political and security com
mittee that the AFL be granted any
privileges given to the WFTU.
LONDON, Feb. 11 (UP). —Sen.
Tom Connally, D., Tex., today ac
cused Ukrainian UNO Delegate
Dmitri Manuilski of trying to kick
the American Federation of Labor
"into the gutter" by not granting
it equality in the UNO with the
World Federation of Trade Unions.
UNO's political and security com
mittee that the AFL be granted any
privileges given to the WFTU.
LONDON, Feb. 11 (UP). —Sen.
Tom Connally, D., Tex., today ac
cused Ukrainian UNO Delegate
Dmitri Manuilski of trying to kick
the American Federation of Labor
"into the gutter" by not granting
it equality in the UNO with the
World Federation of Trade Unions.
UNO's political and security com
mittee that the AFL be granted any
privileges given to the WFTU.
