# KLAHOYA TO ELECT
## 
### 
Klahoya, organization for all off
campus women, will hold elections
today at their luncheon meeting in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse, announced Audrey Ja
cobs, president.
Klahoya, organization for all off
campus women, will hold elections
today at their luncheon meeting in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse, announced Audrey Ja
cobs, president.
Klahoya, organization for all off
campus women, will hold elections
today at their luncheon meeting in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse, announced Audrey Ja
cobs, president.
Klahoya, organization for all off
campus women, will hold elections
today at their luncheon meeting in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse, announced Audrey Ja
cobs, president.
Klahoya, organization for all off
campus women, will hold elections
today at their luncheon meeting in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse, announced Audrey Ja
cobs, president.
Klahoya, organization for all off
campus women, will hold elections
today at their luncheon meeting in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse, announced Audrey Ja
cobs, president.
Klahoya, organization for all off
campus women, will hold elections
today at their luncheon meeting in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse, announced Audrey Ja
cobs, president.
Klahoya, organization for all off
campus women, will hold elections
today at their luncheon meeting in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse, announced Audrey Ja
cobs, president.
Klahoya, organization for all off
campus women, will hold elections
today at their luncheon meeting in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse, announced Audrey Ja
cobs, president.
Klahoya, organization for all off
campus women, will hold elections
today at their luncheon meeting in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse, announced Audrey Ja
cobs, president.
Klahoya, organization for all off
campus women, will hold elections
today at their luncheon meeting in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse, announced Audrey Ja
cobs, president.
Klahoya, organization for all off
campus women, will hold elections
today at their luncheon meeting in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse, announced Audrey Ja
cobs, president.
Klahoya, organization for all off
campus women, will hold elections
today at their luncheon meeting in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse, announced Audrey Ja
cobs, president.
Klahoya, organization for all off
campus women, will hold elections
today at their luncheon meeting in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse, announced Audrey Ja
cobs, president.
Klahoya, organization for all off
campus women, will hold elections
today at their luncheon meeting in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse, announced Audrey Ja
cobs, president.
