# To Entertain December Graduates
## 
### 
T1 ic California branch of the Asso
ciation of Collegiate Alumnae will
give a luncheon and musicale in honor
of the December graduates, at the
Home Club, East Oakland, November
24th.
T1 ic California branch of the Asso
ciation of Collegiate Alumnae will
give a luncheon and musicale in honor
of the December graduates, at the
Home Club, East Oakland, November
24th.
T1 ic California branch of the Asso
ciation of Collegiate Alumnae will
give a luncheon and musicale in honor
of the December graduates, at the
Home Club, East Oakland, November
24th.
T1 ic California branch of the Asso
ciation of Collegiate Alumnae will
give a luncheon and musicale in honor
of the December graduates, at the
Home Club, East Oakland, November
24th.
T1 ic California branch of the Asso
ciation of Collegiate Alumnae will
give a luncheon and musicale in honor
of the December graduates, at the
Home Club, East Oakland, November
24th.
T1 ic California branch of the Asso
ciation of Collegiate Alumnae will
give a luncheon and musicale in honor
of the December graduates, at the
Home Club, East Oakland, November
24th.
T1 ic California branch of the Asso
ciation of Collegiate Alumnae will
give a luncheon and musicale in honor
of the December graduates, at the
Home Club, East Oakland, November
24th.
T1 ic California branch of the Asso
ciation of Collegiate Alumnae will
give a luncheon and musicale in honor
of the December graduates, at the
Home Club, East Oakland, November
24th.
T1 ic California branch of the Asso
ciation of Collegiate Alumnae will
give a luncheon and musicale in honor
of the December graduates, at the
Home Club, East Oakland, November
24th.
