# BELLEVUE IS CARDINAL RENDEZVOUS
## 
### 
Hotel liellevue will be the Stanford
headquarters after the Dig Game with
Santa Clara, next Saturday. Grad
uate Manager Behrens completed all
the arrangements last night, and the
cabaret dinner dansant will be held
at the IJeilevue, and will exceed any
former attempt of this kind.
The dinner will begin at 6:30, and
the dancing will continue until V.
o'clock. Two of the best orchestras
in San Francisco will feature with
all the latest music, while tho finest
of entertainment has been arranged.

i Two dollars a plate will be charged
those attending the dinner dansant.
Tlie tickets will lie placed on sale
Tuesday at the Graduate Manager's
office, and all reservations must be
made by Thursday, as there is a lim
ited number, and the places will be
reserved this year.
The Hotel liellevue is is on Geary
street, just above the Columbia Thea
ter, and is excellently adapted for
such an affair. If is expected that
the students will attend tlie dansant
in great numbers.
Hotel liellevue will be the Stanford
headquarters after the Dig Game with
Santa Clara, next Saturday. Grad
uate Manager Behrens completed all
the arrangements last night, and the
cabaret dinner dansant will be held
at the IJeilevue, and will exceed any
former attempt of this kind.
The dinner will begin at 6:30, and
the dancing will continue until V.
o'clock. Two of the best orchestras
in San Francisco will feature with
all the latest music, while tho finest
of entertainment has been arranged.

i Two dollars a plate will be charged
those attending the dinner dansant.
Tlie tickets will lie placed on sale
Tuesday at the Graduate Manager's
office, and all reservations must be
made by Thursday, as there is a lim
ited number, and the places will be
reserved this year.
The Hotel liellevue is is on Geary
street, just above the Columbia Thea
ter, and is excellently adapted for
such an affair. If is expected that
the students will attend tlie dansant
in great numbers.
Hotel liellevue will be the Stanford
headquarters after the Dig Game with
Santa Clara, next Saturday. Grad
uate Manager Behrens completed all
the arrangements last night, and the
cabaret dinner dansant will be held
at the IJeilevue, and will exceed any
former attempt of this kind.
The dinner will begin at 6:30, and
the dancing will continue until V.
o'clock. Two of the best orchestras
in San Francisco will feature with
all the latest music, while tho finest
of entertainment has been arranged.

i Two dollars a plate will be charged
those attending the dinner dansant.
Tlie tickets will lie placed on sale
Tuesday at the Graduate Manager's
office, and all reservations must be
made by Thursday, as there is a lim
ited number, and the places will be
reserved this year.
The Hotel liellevue is is on Geary
street, just above the Columbia Thea
ter, and is excellently adapted for
such an affair. If is expected that
the students will attend tlie dansant
in great numbers.
Hotel liellevue will be the Stanford
headquarters after the Dig Game with
Santa Clara, next Saturday. Grad
uate Manager Behrens completed all
the arrangements last night, and the
cabaret dinner dansant will be held
at the IJeilevue, and will exceed any
former attempt of this kind.
The dinner will begin at 6:30, and
the dancing will continue until V.
o'clock. Two of the best orchestras
in San Francisco will feature with
all the latest music, while tho finest
of entertainment has been arranged.

i Two dollars a plate will be charged
those attending the dinner dansant.
Tlie tickets will lie placed on sale
Tuesday at the Graduate Manager's
office, and all reservations must be
made by Thursday, as there is a lim
ited number, and the places will be
reserved this year.
The Hotel liellevue is is on Geary
street, just above the Columbia Thea
ter, and is excellently adapted for
such an affair. If is expected that
the students will attend tlie dansant
in great numbers.
Hotel liellevue will be the Stanford
headquarters after the Dig Game with
Santa Clara, next Saturday. Grad
uate Manager Behrens completed all
the arrangements last night, and the
cabaret dinner dansant will be held
at the IJeilevue, and will exceed any
former attempt of this kind.
The dinner will begin at 6:30, and
the dancing will continue until V.
o'clock. Two of the best orchestras
in San Francisco will feature with
all the latest music, while tho finest
of entertainment has been arranged.

i Two dollars a plate will be charged
those attending the dinner dansant.
Tlie tickets will lie placed on sale
Tuesday at the Graduate Manager's
office, and all reservations must be
made by Thursday, as there is a lim
ited number, and the places will be
reserved this year.
The Hotel liellevue is is on Geary
street, just above the Columbia Thea
ter, and is excellently adapted for
such an affair. If is expected that
the students will attend tlie dansant
in great numbers.
Hotel liellevue will be the Stanford
headquarters after the Dig Game with
Santa Clara, next Saturday. Grad
uate Manager Behrens completed all
the arrangements last night, and the
cabaret dinner dansant will be held
at the IJeilevue, and will exceed any
former attempt of this kind.
The dinner will begin at 6:30, and
the dancing will continue until V.
o'clock. Two of the best orchestras
in San Francisco will feature with
all the latest music, while tho finest
of entertainment has been arranged.

i Two dollars a plate will be charged
those attending the dinner dansant.
Tlie tickets will lie placed on sale
Tuesday at the Graduate Manager's
office, and all reservations must be
made by Thursday, as there is a lim
ited number, and the places will be
reserved this year.
The Hotel liellevue is is on Geary
street, just above the Columbia Thea
ter, and is excellently adapted for
such an affair. If is expected that
the students will attend tlie dansant
in great numbers.
Hotel liellevue will be the Stanford
headquarters after the Dig Game with
Santa Clara, next Saturday. Grad
uate Manager Behrens completed all
the arrangements last night, and the
cabaret dinner dansant will be held
at the IJeilevue, and will exceed any
former attempt of this kind.
The dinner will begin at 6:30, and
the dancing will continue until V.
o'clock. Two of the best orchestras
in San Francisco will feature with
all the latest music, while tho finest
of entertainment has been arranged.

i Two dollars a plate will be charged
those attending the dinner dansant.
Tlie tickets will lie placed on sale
Tuesday at the Graduate Manager's
office, and all reservations must be
made by Thursday, as there is a lim
ited number, and the places will be
reserved this year.
The Hotel liellevue is is on Geary
street, just above the Columbia Thea
ter, and is excellently adapted for
such an affair. If is expected that
the students will attend tlie dansant
in great numbers.
Hotel liellevue will be the Stanford
headquarters after the Dig Game with
Santa Clara, next Saturday. Grad
uate Manager Behrens completed all
the arrangements last night, and the
cabaret dinner dansant will be held
at the IJeilevue, and will exceed any
former attempt of this kind.
The dinner will begin at 6:30, and
the dancing will continue until V.
o'clock. Two of the best orchestras
in San Francisco will feature with
all the latest music, while tho finest
of entertainment has been arranged.

i Two dollars a plate will be charged
those attending the dinner dansant.
Tlie tickets will lie placed on sale
Tuesday at the Graduate Manager's
office, and all reservations must be
made by Thursday, as there is a lim
ited number, and the places will be
reserved this year.
The Hotel liellevue is is on Geary
street, just above the Columbia Thea
ter, and is excellently adapted for
such an affair. If is expected that
the students will attend tlie dansant
in great numbers.
Hotel liellevue will be the Stanford
headquarters after the Dig Game with
Santa Clara, next Saturday. Grad
uate Manager Behrens completed all
the arrangements last night, and the
cabaret dinner dansant will be held
at the IJeilevue, and will exceed any
former attempt of this kind.
The dinner will begin at 6:30, and
the dancing will continue until V.
o'clock. Two of the best orchestras
in San Francisco will feature with
all the latest music, while tho finest
of entertainment has been arranged.

i Two dollars a plate will be charged
those attending the dinner dansant.
Tlie tickets will lie placed on sale
Tuesday at the Graduate Manager's
office, and all reservations must be
made by Thursday, as there is a lim
ited number, and the places will be
reserved this year.
The Hotel liellevue is is on Geary
street, just above the Columbia Thea
ter, and is excellently adapted for
such an affair. If is expected that
the students will attend tlie dansant
in great numbers.
Hotel liellevue will be the Stanford
headquarters after the Dig Game with
Santa Clara, next Saturday. Grad
uate Manager Behrens completed all
the arrangements last night, and the
cabaret dinner dansant will be held
at the IJeilevue, and will exceed any
former attempt of this kind.
The dinner will begin at 6:30, and
the dancing will continue until V.
o'clock. Two of the best orchestras
in San Francisco will feature with
all the latest music, while tho finest
of entertainment has been arranged.

i Two dollars a plate will be charged
those attending the dinner dansant.
Tlie tickets will lie placed on sale
Tuesday at the Graduate Manager's
office, and all reservations must be
made by Thursday, as there is a lim
ited number, and the places will be
reserved this year.
The Hotel liellevue is is on Geary
street, just above the Columbia Thea
ter, and is excellently adapted for
such an affair. If is expected that
the students will attend tlie dansant
in great numbers.
Hotel liellevue will be the Stanford
headquarters after the Dig Game with
Santa Clara, next Saturday. Grad
uate Manager Behrens completed all
the arrangements last night, and the
cabaret dinner dansant will be held
at the IJeilevue, and will exceed any
former attempt of this kind.
The dinner will begin at 6:30, and
the dancing will continue until V.
o'clock. Two of the best orchestras
in San Francisco will feature with
all the latest music, while tho finest
of entertainment has been arranged.

i Two dollars a plate will be charged
those attending the dinner dansant.
Tlie tickets will lie placed on sale
Tuesday at the Graduate Manager's
office, and all reservations must be
made by Thursday, as there is a lim
ited number, and the places will be
reserved this year.
The Hotel liellevue is is on Geary
street, just above the Columbia Thea
ter, and is excellently adapted for
such an affair. If is expected that
the students will attend tlie dansant
in great numbers.
Hotel liellevue will be the Stanford
headquarters after the Dig Game with
Santa Clara, next Saturday. Grad
uate Manager Behrens completed all
the arrangements last night, and the
cabaret dinner dansant will be held
at the IJeilevue, and will exceed any
former attempt of this kind.
The dinner will begin at 6:30, and
the dancing will continue until V.
o'clock. Two of the best orchestras
in San Francisco will feature with
all the latest music, while tho finest
of entertainment has been arranged.

i Two dollars a plate will be charged
those attending the dinner dansant.
Tlie tickets will lie placed on sale
Tuesday at the Graduate Manager's
office, and all reservations must be
made by Thursday, as there is a lim
ited number, and the places will be
reserved this year.
The Hotel liellevue is is on Geary
street, just above the Columbia Thea
ter, and is excellently adapted for
such an affair. If is expected that
the students will attend tlie dansant
in great numbers.
Hotel liellevue will be the Stanford
headquarters after the Dig Game with
Santa Clara, next Saturday. Grad
uate Manager Behrens completed all
the arrangements last night, and the
cabaret dinner dansant will be held
at the IJeilevue, and will exceed any
former attempt of this kind.
The dinner will begin at 6:30, and
the dancing will continue until V.
o'clock. Two of the best orchestras
in San Francisco will feature with
all the latest music, while tho finest
of entertainment has been arranged.

i Two dollars a plate will be charged
those attending the dinner dansant.
Tlie tickets will lie placed on sale
Tuesday at the Graduate Manager's
office, and all reservations must be
made by Thursday, as there is a lim
ited number, and the places will be
reserved this year.
The Hotel liellevue is is on Geary
street, just above the Columbia Thea
ter, and is excellently adapted for
such an affair. If is expected that
the students will attend tlie dansant
in great numbers.
Hotel liellevue will be the Stanford
headquarters after the Dig Game with
Santa Clara, next Saturday. Grad
uate Manager Behrens completed all
the arrangements last night, and the
cabaret dinner dansant will be held
at the IJeilevue, and will exceed any
former attempt of this kind.
The dinner will begin at 6:30, and
the dancing will continue until V.
o'clock. Two of the best orchestras
in San Francisco will feature with
all the latest music, while tho finest
of entertainment has been arranged.

i Two dollars a plate will be charged
those attending the dinner dansant.
Tlie tickets will lie placed on sale
Tuesday at the Graduate Manager's
office, and all reservations must be
made by Thursday, as there is a lim
ited number, and the places will be
reserved this year.
The Hotel liellevue is is on Geary
street, just above the Columbia Thea
ter, and is excellently adapted for
such an affair. If is expected that
the students will attend tlie dansant
in great numbers.
