# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Sunday Sermon. —The Rev. .J. F.
Sunderland, of the First Unitarian
Church, Oakland, will deliver the
sermon Sunday morning, April 28
His subject will be '"The Religion
of Kipling."
Tuesday Evening Lecture. —In-
stead of the regular Tuesday even
ing lecture Professor Fairclough
and a few of his students in the
Latin department will present the
fourth act of the play "Trinum
mus*' of Plautus in Latin.
Sunday Sermon. —The Rev. .J. F.
Sunderland, of the First Unitarian
Church, Oakland, will deliver the
sermon Sunday morning, April 28
His subject will be '"The Religion
of Kipling."
Tuesday Evening Lecture. —In-
stead of the regular Tuesday even
ing lecture Professor Fairclough
and a few of his students in the
Latin department will present the
fourth act of the play "Trinum
mus*' of Plautus in Latin.
Sunday Sermon. —The Rev. .J. F.
Sunderland, of the First Unitarian
Church, Oakland, will deliver the
sermon Sunday morning, April 28
His subject will be '"The Religion
of Kipling."
Tuesday Evening Lecture. —In-
stead of the regular Tuesday even
ing lecture Professor Fairclough
and a few of his students in the
Latin department will present the
fourth act of the play "Trinum
mus*' of Plautus in Latin.
Sunday Sermon. —The Rev. .J. F.
Sunderland, of the First Unitarian
Church, Oakland, will deliver the
sermon Sunday morning, April 28
His subject will be '"The Religion
of Kipling."
Tuesday Evening Lecture. —In-
stead of the regular Tuesday even
ing lecture Professor Fairclough
and a few of his students in the
Latin department will present the
fourth act of the play "Trinum
mus*' of Plautus in Latin.
Sunday Sermon. —The Rev. .J. F.
Sunderland, of the First Unitarian
Church, Oakland, will deliver the
sermon Sunday morning, April 28
His subject will be '"The Religion
of Kipling."
Tuesday Evening Lecture. —In-
stead of the regular Tuesday even
ing lecture Professor Fairclough
and a few of his students in the
Latin department will present the
fourth act of the play "Trinum
mus*' of Plautus in Latin.
Sunday Sermon. —The Rev. .J. F.
Sunderland, of the First Unitarian
Church, Oakland, will deliver the
sermon Sunday morning, April 28
His subject will be '"The Religion
of Kipling."
Tuesday Evening Lecture. —In-
stead of the regular Tuesday even
ing lecture Professor Fairclough
and a few of his students in the
Latin department will present the
fourth act of the play "Trinum
mus*' of Plautus in Latin.
