# ASSEMBLY TOMORROW.
## John McNaught of the San Francisco "Call" Will Address Students. 
### 
The last regular University As
sembly of the semester will take
place tomorrow at the fourth hour.
The principal speaker will he John
McNaught, manager of the San
Francisco Call. He will take for
his subject "Journalism as a Pro
fession." All University exercises
will be suspended for the hour. In
all probability Mrs. Stanford will
attend the meeting.
The last regular University As
sembly of the semester will take
place tomorrow at the fourth hour.
The principal speaker will he John
McNaught, manager of the San
Francisco Call. He will take for
his subject "Journalism as a Pro
fession." All University exercises
will be suspended for the hour. In
all probability Mrs. Stanford will
attend the meeting.
The last regular University As
sembly of the semester will take
place tomorrow at the fourth hour.
The principal speaker will he John
McNaught, manager of the San
Francisco Call. He will take for
his subject "Journalism as a Pro
fession." All University exercises
will be suspended for the hour. In
all probability Mrs. Stanford will
attend the meeting.
The last regular University As
sembly of the semester will take
place tomorrow at the fourth hour.
The principal speaker will he John
McNaught, manager of the San
Francisco Call. He will take for
his subject "Journalism as a Pro
fession." All University exercises
will be suspended for the hour. In
all probability Mrs. Stanford will
attend the meeting.
The last regular University As
sembly of the semester will take
place tomorrow at the fourth hour.
The principal speaker will he John
McNaught, manager of the San
Francisco Call. He will take for
his subject "Journalism as a Pro
fession." All University exercises
will be suspended for the hour. In
all probability Mrs. Stanford will
attend the meeting.
The last regular University As
sembly of the semester will take
place tomorrow at the fourth hour.
The principal speaker will he John
McNaught, manager of the San
Francisco Call. He will take for
his subject "Journalism as a Pro
fession." All University exercises
will be suspended for the hour. In
all probability Mrs. Stanford will
attend the meeting.
The last regular University As
sembly of the semester will take
place tomorrow at the fourth hour.
The principal speaker will he John
McNaught, manager of the San
Francisco Call. He will take for
his subject "Journalism as a Pro
fession." All University exercises
will be suspended for the hour. In
all probability Mrs. Stanford will
attend the meeting.
The last regular University As
sembly of the semester will take
place tomorrow at the fourth hour.
The principal speaker will he John
McNaught, manager of the San
Francisco Call. He will take for
his subject "Journalism as a Pro
fession." All University exercises
will be suspended for the hour. In
all probability Mrs. Stanford will
attend the meeting.
