# Assembly Planned for Friday.
## 
### 
Arrangements are being made by
the Faculty Committee on Public Ex
ercises for an Assembly on Friday at
which William H. Allen of New York
will he the speaker. Mr. Allen is Di
rector of the Bureau of Municipal Re
search, and is now in Seattle and Port
land conducting investigations in con
nection with his work. If he is se
cured the Assembly will probably he
held at the 11:15 period. More defi
nite announcement, will be made later.
Arrangements are being made by
the Faculty Committee on Public Ex
ercises for an Assembly on Friday at
which William H. Allen of New York
will he the speaker. Mr. Allen is Di
rector of the Bureau of Municipal Re
search, and is now in Seattle and Port
land conducting investigations in con
nection with his work. If he is se
cured the Assembly will probably he
held at the 11:15 period. More defi
nite announcement, will be made later.
Arrangements are being made by
the Faculty Committee on Public Ex
ercises for an Assembly on Friday at
which William H. Allen of New York
will he the speaker. Mr. Allen is Di
rector of the Bureau of Municipal Re
search, and is now in Seattle and Port
land conducting investigations in con
nection with his work. If he is se
cured the Assembly will probably he
held at the 11:15 period. More defi
nite announcement, will be made later.
Arrangements are being made by
the Faculty Committee on Public Ex
ercises for an Assembly on Friday at
which William H. Allen of New York
will he the speaker. Mr. Allen is Di
rector of the Bureau of Municipal Re
search, and is now in Seattle and Port
land conducting investigations in con
nection with his work. If he is se
cured the Assembly will probably he
held at the 11:15 period. More defi
nite announcement, will be made later.
Arrangements are being made by
the Faculty Committee on Public Ex
ercises for an Assembly on Friday at
which William H. Allen of New York
will he the speaker. Mr. Allen is Di
rector of the Bureau of Municipal Re
search, and is now in Seattle and Port
land conducting investigations in con
nection with his work. If he is se
cured the Assembly will probably he
held at the 11:15 period. More defi
nite announcement, will be made later.
Arrangements are being made by
the Faculty Committee on Public Ex
ercises for an Assembly on Friday at
which William H. Allen of New York
will he the speaker. Mr. Allen is Di
rector of the Bureau of Municipal Re
search, and is now in Seattle and Port
land conducting investigations in con
nection with his work. If he is se
cured the Assembly will probably he
held at the 11:15 period. More defi
nite announcement, will be made later.
Arrangements are being made by
the Faculty Committee on Public Ex
ercises for an Assembly on Friday at
which William H. Allen of New York
will he the speaker. Mr. Allen is Di
rector of the Bureau of Municipal Re
search, and is now in Seattle and Port
land conducting investigations in con
nection with his work. If he is se
cured the Assembly will probably he
held at the 11:15 period. More defi
nite announcement, will be made later.
Arrangements are being made by
the Faculty Committee on Public Ex
ercises for an Assembly on Friday at
which William H. Allen of New York
will he the speaker. Mr. Allen is Di
rector of the Bureau of Municipal Re
search, and is now in Seattle and Port
land conducting investigations in con
nection with his work. If he is se
cured the Assembly will probably he
held at the 11:15 period. More defi
nite announcement, will be made later.
Arrangements are being made by
the Faculty Committee on Public Ex
ercises for an Assembly on Friday at
which William H. Allen of New York
will he the speaker. Mr. Allen is Di
rector of the Bureau of Municipal Re
search, and is now in Seattle and Port
land conducting investigations in con
nection with his work. If he is se
cured the Assembly will probably he
held at the 11:15 period. More defi
nite announcement, will be made later.
Arrangements are being made by
the Faculty Committee on Public Ex
ercises for an Assembly on Friday at
which William H. Allen of New York
will he the speaker. Mr. Allen is Di
rector of the Bureau of Municipal Re
search, and is now in Seattle and Port
land conducting investigations in con
nection with his work. If he is se
cured the Assembly will probably he
held at the 11:15 period. More defi
nite announcement, will be made later.
Arrangements are being made by
the Faculty Committee on Public Ex
ercises for an Assembly on Friday at
which William H. Allen of New York
will he the speaker. Mr. Allen is Di
rector of the Bureau of Municipal Re
search, and is now in Seattle and Port
land conducting investigations in con
nection with his work. If he is se
cured the Assembly will probably he
held at the 11:15 period. More defi
nite announcement, will be made later.
Arrangements are being made by
the Faculty Committee on Public Ex
ercises for an Assembly on Friday at
which William H. Allen of New York
will he the speaker. Mr. Allen is Di
rector of the Bureau of Municipal Re
search, and is now in Seattle and Port
land conducting investigations in con
nection with his work. If he is se
cured the Assembly will probably he
held at the 11:15 period. More defi
nite announcement, will be made later.
Arrangements are being made by
the Faculty Committee on Public Ex
ercises for an Assembly on Friday at
which William H. Allen of New York
will he the speaker. Mr. Allen is Di
rector of the Bureau of Municipal Re
search, and is now in Seattle and Port
land conducting investigations in con
nection with his work. If he is se
cured the Assembly will probably he
held at the 11:15 period. More defi
nite announcement, will be made later.
Arrangements are being made by
the Faculty Committee on Public Ex
ercises for an Assembly on Friday at
which William H. Allen of New York
will he the speaker. Mr. Allen is Di
rector of the Bureau of Municipal Re
search, and is now in Seattle and Port
land conducting investigations in con
nection with his work. If he is se
cured the Assembly will probably he
held at the 11:15 period. More defi
nite announcement, will be made later.
