# Flo Mo Theft
## 
### 
A love seat, two end tables
ind a floor lamp were stolen
from the Florence Moore lounge
last weekend. The $395 theft
was reported to campus police
vesterday.
A love seat, two end tables
ind a floor lamp were stolen
from the Florence Moore lounge
last weekend. The $395 theft
was reported to campus police
vesterday.
A love seat, two end tables
ind a floor lamp were stolen
from the Florence Moore lounge
last weekend. The $395 theft
was reported to campus police
vesterday.
A love seat, two end tables
ind a floor lamp were stolen
from the Florence Moore lounge
last weekend. The $395 theft
was reported to campus police
vesterday.
A love seat, two end tables
ind a floor lamp were stolen
from the Florence Moore lounge
last weekend. The $395 theft
was reported to campus police
vesterday.
A love seat, two end tables
ind a floor lamp were stolen
from the Florence Moore lounge
last weekend. The $395 theft
was reported to campus police
vesterday.
A love seat, two end tables
ind a floor lamp were stolen
from the Florence Moore lounge
last weekend. The $395 theft
was reported to campus police
vesterday.
A love seat, two end tables
ind a floor lamp were stolen
from the Florence Moore lounge
last weekend. The $395 theft
was reported to campus police
vesterday.
A love seat, two end tables
ind a floor lamp were stolen
from the Florence Moore lounge
last weekend. The $395 theft
was reported to campus police
vesterday.
A love seat, two end tables
ind a floor lamp were stolen
from the Florence Moore lounge
last weekend. The $395 theft
was reported to campus police
vesterday.
A love seat, two end tables
ind a floor lamp were stolen
from the Florence Moore lounge
last weekend. The $395 theft
was reported to campus police
vesterday.
A love seat, two end tables
ind a floor lamp were stolen
from the Florence Moore lounge
last weekend. The $395 theft
was reported to campus police
vesterday.
A love seat, two end tables
ind a floor lamp were stolen
from the Florence Moore lounge
last weekend. The $395 theft
was reported to campus police
vesterday.
A love seat, two end tables
ind a floor lamp were stolen
from the Florence Moore lounge
last weekend. The $395 theft
was reported to campus police
vesterday.
