# Varsity Plays Soldiers
## 
### 
It was found impossible this morn
ing for the Stanford varsity to play
baseball at Agnews this afternoon, us
was scheduled, so a substitute game
with the Fort Milcy aggregation was
arranged to take place on the varsity
diamond Instead. This was the lasi
practice contest of the present sea
son, the final team that will meet
California in the deciding game next
Saturday now being well lined up by
Captain Dent and Coach Jack Mc-
Carthy. The team will journey to
Iterkeley tomorrow afternoon to get
some practice on the California turf
field.
It was found impossible this morn
ing for the Stanford varsity to play
baseball at Agnews this afternoon, us
was scheduled, so a substitute game
with the Fort Milcy aggregation was
arranged to take place on the varsity
diamond Instead. This was the lasi
practice contest of the present sea
son, the final team that will meet
California in the deciding game next
Saturday now being well lined up by
Captain Dent and Coach Jack Mc-
Carthy. The team will journey to
Iterkeley tomorrow afternoon to get
some practice on the California turf
field.
It was found impossible this morn
ing for the Stanford varsity to play
baseball at Agnews this afternoon, us
was scheduled, so a substitute game
with the Fort Milcy aggregation was
arranged to take place on the varsity
diamond Instead. This was the lasi
practice contest of the present sea
son, the final team that will meet
California in the deciding game next
Saturday now being well lined up by
Captain Dent and Coach Jack Mc-
Carthy. The team will journey to
Iterkeley tomorrow afternoon to get
some practice on the California turf
field.
It was found impossible this morn
ing for the Stanford varsity to play
baseball at Agnews this afternoon, us
was scheduled, so a substitute game
with the Fort Milcy aggregation was
arranged to take place on the varsity
diamond Instead. This was the lasi
practice contest of the present sea
son, the final team that will meet
California in the deciding game next
Saturday now being well lined up by
Captain Dent and Coach Jack Mc-
Carthy. The team will journey to
Iterkeley tomorrow afternoon to get
some practice on the California turf
field.
It was found impossible this morn
ing for the Stanford varsity to play
baseball at Agnews this afternoon, us
was scheduled, so a substitute game
with the Fort Milcy aggregation was
arranged to take place on the varsity
diamond Instead. This was the lasi
practice contest of the present sea
son, the final team that will meet
California in the deciding game next
Saturday now being well lined up by
Captain Dent and Coach Jack Mc-
Carthy. The team will journey to
Iterkeley tomorrow afternoon to get
some practice on the California turf
field.
It was found impossible this morn
ing for the Stanford varsity to play
baseball at Agnews this afternoon, us
was scheduled, so a substitute game
with the Fort Milcy aggregation was
arranged to take place on the varsity
diamond Instead. This was the lasi
practice contest of the present sea
son, the final team that will meet
California in the deciding game next
Saturday now being well lined up by
Captain Dent and Coach Jack Mc-
Carthy. The team will journey to
Iterkeley tomorrow afternoon to get
some practice on the California turf
field.
It was found impossible this morn
ing for the Stanford varsity to play
baseball at Agnews this afternoon, us
was scheduled, so a substitute game
with the Fort Milcy aggregation was
arranged to take place on the varsity
diamond Instead. This was the lasi
practice contest of the present sea
son, the final team that will meet
California in the deciding game next
Saturday now being well lined up by
Captain Dent and Coach Jack Mc-
Carthy. The team will journey to
Iterkeley tomorrow afternoon to get
some practice on the California turf
field.
It was found impossible this morn
ing for the Stanford varsity to play
baseball at Agnews this afternoon, us
was scheduled, so a substitute game
with the Fort Milcy aggregation was
arranged to take place on the varsity
diamond Instead. This was the lasi
practice contest of the present sea
son, the final team that will meet
California in the deciding game next
Saturday now being well lined up by
Captain Dent and Coach Jack Mc-
Carthy. The team will journey to
Iterkeley tomorrow afternoon to get
some practice on the California turf
field.
It was found impossible this morn
ing for the Stanford varsity to play
baseball at Agnews this afternoon, us
was scheduled, so a substitute game
with the Fort Milcy aggregation was
arranged to take place on the varsity
diamond Instead. This was the lasi
practice contest of the present sea
son, the final team that will meet
California in the deciding game next
Saturday now being well lined up by
Captain Dent and Coach Jack Mc-
Carthy. The team will journey to
Iterkeley tomorrow afternoon to get
some practice on the California turf
field.
It was found impossible this morn
ing for the Stanford varsity to play
baseball at Agnews this afternoon, us
was scheduled, so a substitute game
with the Fort Milcy aggregation was
arranged to take place on the varsity
diamond Instead. This was the lasi
practice contest of the present sea
son, the final team that will meet
California in the deciding game next
Saturday now being well lined up by
Captain Dent and Coach Jack Mc-
Carthy. The team will journey to
Iterkeley tomorrow afternoon to get
some practice on the California turf
field.
It was found impossible this morn
ing for the Stanford varsity to play
baseball at Agnews this afternoon, us
was scheduled, so a substitute game
with the Fort Milcy aggregation was
arranged to take place on the varsity
diamond Instead. This was the lasi
practice contest of the present sea
son, the final team that will meet
California in the deciding game next
Saturday now being well lined up by
Captain Dent and Coach Jack Mc-
Carthy. The team will journey to
Iterkeley tomorrow afternoon to get
some practice on the California turf
field.
It was found impossible this morn
ing for the Stanford varsity to play
baseball at Agnews this afternoon, us
was scheduled, so a substitute game
with the Fort Milcy aggregation was
arranged to take place on the varsity
diamond Instead. This was the lasi
practice contest of the present sea
son, the final team that will meet
California in the deciding game next
Saturday now being well lined up by
Captain Dent and Coach Jack Mc-
Carthy. The team will journey to
Iterkeley tomorrow afternoon to get
some practice on the California turf
field.
It was found impossible this morn
ing for the Stanford varsity to play
baseball at Agnews this afternoon, us
was scheduled, so a substitute game
with the Fort Milcy aggregation was
arranged to take place on the varsity
diamond Instead. This was the lasi
practice contest of the present sea
son, the final team that will meet
California in the deciding game next
Saturday now being well lined up by
Captain Dent and Coach Jack Mc-
Carthy. The team will journey to
Iterkeley tomorrow afternoon to get
some practice on the California turf
field.
It was found impossible this morn
ing for the Stanford varsity to play
baseball at Agnews this afternoon, us
was scheduled, so a substitute game
with the Fort Milcy aggregation was
arranged to take place on the varsity
diamond Instead. This was the lasi
practice contest of the present sea
son, the final team that will meet
California in the deciding game next
Saturday now being well lined up by
Captain Dent and Coach Jack Mc-
Carthy. The team will journey to
Iterkeley tomorrow afternoon to get
some practice on the California turf
field.
