# Shakespeare Program
## 
### 
The University Philological Asso
ciation will hold its meeting on Thurs
day afternoon at 3 o'clock, in room
31, in commemoration of the centen
ary of Shakespeare. An interesting
program is to lie offered which con
sists of a talk on "A Point, of View
for tlie Criticism of Shakespeare," hy
Associate Professor W. D. llriggs. a
lecture on "The Character of Shy
lock," by Associate Professor H. D.
Gray, and a talk hy Professor K. (1.
Rendtorff on "Shakespeare in Ger
many." The public is cordially in
vited.
The University Philological Asso
ciation will hold its meeting on Thurs
day afternoon at 3 o'clock, in room
31, in commemoration of the centen
ary of Shakespeare. An interesting
program is to lie offered which con
sists of a talk on "A Point, of View
for tlie Criticism of Shakespeare," hy
Associate Professor W. D. llriggs. a
lecture on "The Character of Shy
lock," by Associate Professor H. D.
Gray, and a talk hy Professor K. (1.
Rendtorff on "Shakespeare in Ger
many." The public is cordially in
vited.
The University Philological Asso
ciation will hold its meeting on Thurs
day afternoon at 3 o'clock, in room
31, in commemoration of the centen
ary of Shakespeare. An interesting
program is to lie offered which con
sists of a talk on "A Point, of View
for tlie Criticism of Shakespeare," hy
Associate Professor W. D. llriggs. a
lecture on "The Character of Shy
lock," by Associate Professor H. D.
Gray, and a talk hy Professor K. (1.
Rendtorff on "Shakespeare in Ger
many." The public is cordially in
vited.
The University Philological Asso
ciation will hold its meeting on Thurs
day afternoon at 3 o'clock, in room
31, in commemoration of the centen
ary of Shakespeare. An interesting
program is to lie offered which con
sists of a talk on "A Point, of View
for tlie Criticism of Shakespeare," hy
Associate Professor W. D. llriggs. a
lecture on "The Character of Shy
lock," by Associate Professor H. D.
Gray, and a talk hy Professor K. (1.
Rendtorff on "Shakespeare in Ger
many." The public is cordially in
vited.
The University Philological Asso
ciation will hold its meeting on Thurs
day afternoon at 3 o'clock, in room
31, in commemoration of the centen
ary of Shakespeare. An interesting
program is to lie offered which con
sists of a talk on "A Point, of View
for tlie Criticism of Shakespeare," hy
Associate Professor W. D. llriggs. a
lecture on "The Character of Shy
lock," by Associate Professor H. D.
Gray, and a talk hy Professor K. (1.
Rendtorff on "Shakespeare in Ger
many." The public is cordially in
vited.
The University Philological Asso
ciation will hold its meeting on Thurs
day afternoon at 3 o'clock, in room
31, in commemoration of the centen
ary of Shakespeare. An interesting
program is to lie offered which con
sists of a talk on "A Point, of View
for tlie Criticism of Shakespeare," hy
Associate Professor W. D. llriggs. a
lecture on "The Character of Shy
lock," by Associate Professor H. D.
Gray, and a talk hy Professor K. (1.
Rendtorff on "Shakespeare in Ger
many." The public is cordially in
vited.
The University Philological Asso
ciation will hold its meeting on Thurs
day afternoon at 3 o'clock, in room
31, in commemoration of the centen
ary of Shakespeare. An interesting
program is to lie offered which con
sists of a talk on "A Point, of View
for tlie Criticism of Shakespeare," hy
Associate Professor W. D. llriggs. a
lecture on "The Character of Shy
lock," by Associate Professor H. D.
Gray, and a talk hy Professor K. (1.
Rendtorff on "Shakespeare in Ger
many." The public is cordially in
vited.
The University Philological Asso
ciation will hold its meeting on Thurs
day afternoon at 3 o'clock, in room
31, in commemoration of the centen
ary of Shakespeare. An interesting
program is to lie offered which con
sists of a talk on "A Point, of View
for tlie Criticism of Shakespeare," hy
Associate Professor W. D. llriggs. a
lecture on "The Character of Shy
lock," by Associate Professor H. D.
Gray, and a talk hy Professor K. (1.
Rendtorff on "Shakespeare in Ger
many." The public is cordially in
vited.
The University Philological Asso
ciation will hold its meeting on Thurs
day afternoon at 3 o'clock, in room
31, in commemoration of the centen
ary of Shakespeare. An interesting
program is to lie offered which con
sists of a talk on "A Point, of View
for tlie Criticism of Shakespeare," hy
Associate Professor W. D. llriggs. a
lecture on "The Character of Shy
lock," by Associate Professor H. D.
Gray, and a talk hy Professor K. (1.
Rendtorff on "Shakespeare in Ger
many." The public is cordially in
vited.
The University Philological Asso
ciation will hold its meeting on Thurs
day afternoon at 3 o'clock, in room
31, in commemoration of the centen
ary of Shakespeare. An interesting
program is to lie offered which con
sists of a talk on "A Point, of View
for tlie Criticism of Shakespeare," hy
Associate Professor W. D. llriggs. a
lecture on "The Character of Shy
lock," by Associate Professor H. D.
Gray, and a talk hy Professor K. (1.
Rendtorff on "Shakespeare in Ger
many." The public is cordially in
vited.
The University Philological Asso
ciation will hold its meeting on Thurs
day afternoon at 3 o'clock, in room
31, in commemoration of the centen
ary of Shakespeare. An interesting
program is to lie offered which con
sists of a talk on "A Point, of View
for tlie Criticism of Shakespeare," hy
Associate Professor W. D. llriggs. a
lecture on "The Character of Shy
lock," by Associate Professor H. D.
Gray, and a talk hy Professor K. (1.
Rendtorff on "Shakespeare in Ger
many." The public is cordially in
vited.
The University Philological Asso
ciation will hold its meeting on Thurs
day afternoon at 3 o'clock, in room
31, in commemoration of the centen
ary of Shakespeare. An interesting
program is to lie offered which con
sists of a talk on "A Point, of View
for tlie Criticism of Shakespeare," hy
Associate Professor W. D. llriggs. a
lecture on "The Character of Shy
lock," by Associate Professor H. D.
Gray, and a talk hy Professor K. (1.
Rendtorff on "Shakespeare in Ger
many." The public is cordially in
vited.
The University Philological Asso
ciation will hold its meeting on Thurs
day afternoon at 3 o'clock, in room
31, in commemoration of the centen
ary of Shakespeare. An interesting
program is to lie offered which con
sists of a talk on "A Point, of View
for tlie Criticism of Shakespeare," hy
Associate Professor W. D. llriggs. a
lecture on "The Character of Shy
lock," by Associate Professor H. D.
Gray, and a talk hy Professor K. (1.
Rendtorff on "Shakespeare in Ger
many." The public is cordially in
vited.
The University Philological Asso
ciation will hold its meeting on Thurs
day afternoon at 3 o'clock, in room
31, in commemoration of the centen
ary of Shakespeare. An interesting
program is to lie offered which con
sists of a talk on "A Point, of View
for tlie Criticism of Shakespeare," hy
Associate Professor W. D. llriggs. a
lecture on "The Character of Shy
lock," by Associate Professor H. D.
Gray, and a talk hy Professor K. (1.
Rendtorff on "Shakespeare in Ger
many." The public is cordially in
vited.
