# To Attend Sigma Delta Chi Convention
## 
### 
Paul H. Howling, '16, has been se
lected as delegate to the Sigma Delta
Chi convention at Columbus, Missouri.
Dow ling is actively engaged in student
affairs, and is a member of the Delta
Tau Delta fraternity and the English
Club. He majors in journalism, and
contributes to the Los Angeles Tribune
and Express.
Paul H. Howling, '16, has been se
lected as delegate to the Sigma Delta
Chi convention at Columbus, Missouri.
Dow ling is actively engaged in student
affairs, and is a member of the Delta
Tau Delta fraternity and the English
Club. He majors in journalism, and
contributes to the Los Angeles Tribune
and Express.
Paul H. Howling, '16, has been se
lected as delegate to the Sigma Delta
Chi convention at Columbus, Missouri.
Dow ling is actively engaged in student
affairs, and is a member of the Delta
Tau Delta fraternity and the English
Club. He majors in journalism, and
contributes to the Los Angeles Tribune
and Express.
Paul H. Howling, '16, has been se
lected as delegate to the Sigma Delta
Chi convention at Columbus, Missouri.
Dow ling is actively engaged in student
affairs, and is a member of the Delta
Tau Delta fraternity and the English
Club. He majors in journalism, and
contributes to the Los Angeles Tribune
and Express.
Paul H. Howling, '16, has been se
lected as delegate to the Sigma Delta
Chi convention at Columbus, Missouri.
Dow ling is actively engaged in student
affairs, and is a member of the Delta
Tau Delta fraternity and the English
Club. He majors in journalism, and
contributes to the Los Angeles Tribune
and Express.
Paul H. Howling, '16, has been se
lected as delegate to the Sigma Delta
Chi convention at Columbus, Missouri.
Dow ling is actively engaged in student
affairs, and is a member of the Delta
Tau Delta fraternity and the English
Club. He majors in journalism, and
contributes to the Los Angeles Tribune
and Express.
Paul H. Howling, '16, has been se
lected as delegate to the Sigma Delta
Chi convention at Columbus, Missouri.
Dow ling is actively engaged in student
affairs, and is a member of the Delta
Tau Delta fraternity and the English
Club. He majors in journalism, and
contributes to the Los Angeles Tribune
and Express.
Paul H. Howling, '16, has been se
lected as delegate to the Sigma Delta
Chi convention at Columbus, Missouri.
Dow ling is actively engaged in student
affairs, and is a member of the Delta
Tau Delta fraternity and the English
Club. He majors in journalism, and
contributes to the Los Angeles Tribune
and Express.
Paul H. Howling, '16, has been se
lected as delegate to the Sigma Delta
Chi convention at Columbus, Missouri.
Dow ling is actively engaged in student
affairs, and is a member of the Delta
Tau Delta fraternity and the English
Club. He majors in journalism, and
contributes to the Los Angeles Tribune
and Express.
Paul H. Howling, '16, has been se
lected as delegate to the Sigma Delta
Chi convention at Columbus, Missouri.
Dow ling is actively engaged in student
affairs, and is a member of the Delta
Tau Delta fraternity and the English
Club. He majors in journalism, and
contributes to the Los Angeles Tribune
and Express.
Paul H. Howling, '16, has been se
lected as delegate to the Sigma Delta
Chi convention at Columbus, Missouri.
Dow ling is actively engaged in student
affairs, and is a member of the Delta
Tau Delta fraternity and the English
Club. He majors in journalism, and
contributes to the Los Angeles Tribune
and Express.
Paul H. Howling, '16, has been se
lected as delegate to the Sigma Delta
Chi convention at Columbus, Missouri.
Dow ling is actively engaged in student
affairs, and is a member of the Delta
Tau Delta fraternity and the English
Club. He majors in journalism, and
contributes to the Los Angeles Tribune
and Express.
Paul H. Howling, '16, has been se
lected as delegate to the Sigma Delta
Chi convention at Columbus, Missouri.
Dow ling is actively engaged in student
affairs, and is a member of the Delta
Tau Delta fraternity and the English
Club. He majors in journalism, and
contributes to the Los Angeles Tribune
and Express.
Paul H. Howling, '16, has been se
lected as delegate to the Sigma Delta
Chi convention at Columbus, Missouri.
Dow ling is actively engaged in student
affairs, and is a member of the Delta
Tau Delta fraternity and the English
Club. He majors in journalism, and
contributes to the Los Angeles Tribune
and Express.
