# Wilbur Welcomed by Reunion in South
## Alumni From Arizona, Nevada and Southern California Join in Great Get-together 
### 
Pour hundred Stanford alumni wel
comed President Wilbur to Los An
geles and the south, Saturday night,
with a reunion, features of which
were a banquet and dance. Graduates
from Arizona and Nevada joined with
the southern Californians in greeting
Stanford's first alumnus president.
Dr. Wilbur outlined bis hopes and
ideals for Stanford in the principal
address of the evening. Dr. Wilbur
characterizes the gathering as one of
the finest crowds of Stanford people
ever together.
Dr. Wilbur also delivered the Com
mencement address at the Santa Bar
bara State Normal school, and made
other talks in the south and in San
Francisco.
Pour hundred Stanford alumni wel
comed President Wilbur to Los An
geles and the south, Saturday night,
with a reunion, features of which
were a banquet and dance. Graduates
from Arizona and Nevada joined with
the southern Californians in greeting
Stanford's first alumnus president.
Dr. Wilbur outlined bis hopes and
ideals for Stanford in the principal
address of the evening. Dr. Wilbur
characterizes the gathering as one of
the finest crowds of Stanford people
ever together.
Dr. Wilbur also delivered the Com
mencement address at the Santa Bar
bara State Normal school, and made
other talks in the south and in San
Francisco.
Pour hundred Stanford alumni wel
comed President Wilbur to Los An
geles and the south, Saturday night,
with a reunion, features of which
were a banquet and dance. Graduates
from Arizona and Nevada joined with
the southern Californians in greeting
Stanford's first alumnus president.
Dr. Wilbur outlined bis hopes and
ideals for Stanford in the principal
address of the evening. Dr. Wilbur
characterizes the gathering as one of
the finest crowds of Stanford people
ever together.
Dr. Wilbur also delivered the Com
mencement address at the Santa Bar
bara State Normal school, and made
other talks in the south and in San
Francisco.
Pour hundred Stanford alumni wel
comed President Wilbur to Los An
geles and the south, Saturday night,
with a reunion, features of which
were a banquet and dance. Graduates
from Arizona and Nevada joined with
the southern Californians in greeting
Stanford's first alumnus president.
Dr. Wilbur outlined bis hopes and
ideals for Stanford in the principal
address of the evening. Dr. Wilbur
characterizes the gathering as one of
the finest crowds of Stanford people
ever together.
Dr. Wilbur also delivered the Com
mencement address at the Santa Bar
bara State Normal school, and made
other talks in the south and in San
Francisco.
Pour hundred Stanford alumni wel
comed President Wilbur to Los An
geles and the south, Saturday night,
with a reunion, features of which
were a banquet and dance. Graduates
from Arizona and Nevada joined with
the southern Californians in greeting
Stanford's first alumnus president.
Dr. Wilbur outlined bis hopes and
ideals for Stanford in the principal
address of the evening. Dr. Wilbur
characterizes the gathering as one of
the finest crowds of Stanford people
ever together.
Dr. Wilbur also delivered the Com
mencement address at the Santa Bar
bara State Normal school, and made
other talks in the south and in San
Francisco.
Pour hundred Stanford alumni wel
comed President Wilbur to Los An
geles and the south, Saturday night,
with a reunion, features of which
were a banquet and dance. Graduates
from Arizona and Nevada joined with
the southern Californians in greeting
Stanford's first alumnus president.
Dr. Wilbur outlined bis hopes and
ideals for Stanford in the principal
address of the evening. Dr. Wilbur
characterizes the gathering as one of
the finest crowds of Stanford people
ever together.
Dr. Wilbur also delivered the Com
mencement address at the Santa Bar
bara State Normal school, and made
other talks in the south and in San
Francisco.
Pour hundred Stanford alumni wel
comed President Wilbur to Los An
geles and the south, Saturday night,
with a reunion, features of which
were a banquet and dance. Graduates
from Arizona and Nevada joined with
the southern Californians in greeting
Stanford's first alumnus president.
Dr. Wilbur outlined bis hopes and
ideals for Stanford in the principal
address of the evening. Dr. Wilbur
characterizes the gathering as one of
the finest crowds of Stanford people
ever together.
Dr. Wilbur also delivered the Com
mencement address at the Santa Bar
bara State Normal school, and made
other talks in the south and in San
Francisco.
Pour hundred Stanford alumni wel
comed President Wilbur to Los An
geles and the south, Saturday night,
with a reunion, features of which
were a banquet and dance. Graduates
from Arizona and Nevada joined with
the southern Californians in greeting
Stanford's first alumnus president.
Dr. Wilbur outlined bis hopes and
ideals for Stanford in the principal
address of the evening. Dr. Wilbur
characterizes the gathering as one of
the finest crowds of Stanford people
ever together.
Dr. Wilbur also delivered the Com
mencement address at the Santa Bar
bara State Normal school, and made
other talks in the south and in San
Francisco.
Pour hundred Stanford alumni wel
comed President Wilbur to Los An
geles and the south, Saturday night,
with a reunion, features of which
were a banquet and dance. Graduates
from Arizona and Nevada joined with
the southern Californians in greeting
Stanford's first alumnus president.
Dr. Wilbur outlined bis hopes and
ideals for Stanford in the principal
address of the evening. Dr. Wilbur
characterizes the gathering as one of
the finest crowds of Stanford people
ever together.
Dr. Wilbur also delivered the Com
mencement address at the Santa Bar
bara State Normal school, and made
other talks in the south and in San
Francisco.
Pour hundred Stanford alumni wel
comed President Wilbur to Los An
geles and the south, Saturday night,
with a reunion, features of which
were a banquet and dance. Graduates
from Arizona and Nevada joined with
the southern Californians in greeting
Stanford's first alumnus president.
Dr. Wilbur outlined bis hopes and
ideals for Stanford in the principal
address of the evening. Dr. Wilbur
characterizes the gathering as one of
the finest crowds of Stanford people
ever together.
Dr. Wilbur also delivered the Com
mencement address at the Santa Bar
bara State Normal school, and made
other talks in the south and in San
Francisco.
Pour hundred Stanford alumni wel
comed President Wilbur to Los An
geles and the south, Saturday night,
with a reunion, features of which
were a banquet and dance. Graduates
from Arizona and Nevada joined with
the southern Californians in greeting
Stanford's first alumnus president.
Dr. Wilbur outlined bis hopes and
ideals for Stanford in the principal
address of the evening. Dr. Wilbur
characterizes the gathering as one of
the finest crowds of Stanford people
ever together.
Dr. Wilbur also delivered the Com
mencement address at the Santa Bar
bara State Normal school, and made
other talks in the south and in San
Francisco.
Pour hundred Stanford alumni wel
comed President Wilbur to Los An
geles and the south, Saturday night,
with a reunion, features of which
were a banquet and dance. Graduates
from Arizona and Nevada joined with
the southern Californians in greeting
Stanford's first alumnus president.
Dr. Wilbur outlined bis hopes and
ideals for Stanford in the principal
address of the evening. Dr. Wilbur
characterizes the gathering as one of
the finest crowds of Stanford people
ever together.
Dr. Wilbur also delivered the Com
mencement address at the Santa Bar
bara State Normal school, and made
other talks in the south and in San
Francisco.
Pour hundred Stanford alumni wel
comed President Wilbur to Los An
geles and the south, Saturday night,
with a reunion, features of which
were a banquet and dance. Graduates
from Arizona and Nevada joined with
the southern Californians in greeting
Stanford's first alumnus president.
Dr. Wilbur outlined bis hopes and
ideals for Stanford in the principal
address of the evening. Dr. Wilbur
characterizes the gathering as one of
the finest crowds of Stanford people
ever together.
Dr. Wilbur also delivered the Com
mencement address at the Santa Bar
bara State Normal school, and made
other talks in the south and in San
Francisco.
Pour hundred Stanford alumni wel
comed President Wilbur to Los An
geles and the south, Saturday night,
with a reunion, features of which
were a banquet and dance. Graduates
from Arizona and Nevada joined with
the southern Californians in greeting
Stanford's first alumnus president.
Dr. Wilbur outlined bis hopes and
ideals for Stanford in the principal
address of the evening. Dr. Wilbur
characterizes the gathering as one of
the finest crowds of Stanford people
ever together.
Dr. Wilbur also delivered the Com
mencement address at the Santa Bar
bara State Normal school, and made
other talks in the south and in San
Francisco.
