# Untitled Article
## 
### 

FANNY DON, lately known as
Miss Chinatown, holds the undis
puted honor of our selection for
your weekly Wednesday morning
gleep festival blood-warmer. This
by - no - means - morbid Cal coed
was crowned thus, being adjudged
a typical Chinese-American girl.
A mere If), sbe comes not from
the City by the Golden Gate, but
from Casa Grande, Ariz.

FANNY DON, lately known as
Miss Chinatown, holds the undis
puted honor of our selection for
your weekly Wednesday morning
gleep festival blood-warmer. This
by - no - means - morbid Cal coed
was crowned thus, being adjudged
a typical Chinese-American girl.
A mere If), sbe comes not from
the City by the Golden Gate, but
from Casa Grande, Ariz.

FANNY DON, lately known as
Miss Chinatown, holds the undis
puted honor of our selection for
your weekly Wednesday morning
gleep festival blood-warmer. This
by - no - means - morbid Cal coed
was crowned thus, being adjudged
a typical Chinese-American girl.
A mere If), sbe comes not from
the City by the Golden Gate, but
from Casa Grande, Ariz.

FANNY DON, lately known as
Miss Chinatown, holds the undis
puted honor of our selection for
your weekly Wednesday morning
gleep festival blood-warmer. This
by - no - means - morbid Cal coed
was crowned thus, being adjudged
a typical Chinese-American girl.
A mere If), sbe comes not from
the City by the Golden Gate, but
from Casa Grande, Ariz.

FANNY DON, lately known as
Miss Chinatown, holds the undis
puted honor of our selection for
your weekly Wednesday morning
gleep festival blood-warmer. This
by - no - means - morbid Cal coed
was crowned thus, being adjudged
a typical Chinese-American girl.
A mere If), sbe comes not from
the City by the Golden Gate, but
from Casa Grande, Ariz.

FANNY DON, lately known as
Miss Chinatown, holds the undis
puted honor of our selection for
your weekly Wednesday morning
gleep festival blood-warmer. This
by - no - means - morbid Cal coed
was crowned thus, being adjudged
a typical Chinese-American girl.
A mere If), sbe comes not from
the City by the Golden Gate, but
from Casa Grande, Ariz.

FANNY DON, lately known as
Miss Chinatown, holds the undis
puted honor of our selection for
your weekly Wednesday morning
gleep festival blood-warmer. This
by - no - means - morbid Cal coed
was crowned thus, being adjudged
a typical Chinese-American girl.
A mere If), sbe comes not from
the City by the Golden Gate, but
from Casa Grande, Ariz.

FANNY DON, lately known as
Miss Chinatown, holds the undis
puted honor of our selection for
your weekly Wednesday morning
gleep festival blood-warmer. This
by - no - means - morbid Cal coed
was crowned thus, being adjudged
a typical Chinese-American girl.
A mere If), sbe comes not from
the City by the Golden Gate, but
from Casa Grande, Ariz.

FANNY DON, lately known as
Miss Chinatown, holds the undis
puted honor of our selection for
your weekly Wednesday morning
gleep festival blood-warmer. This
by - no - means - morbid Cal coed
was crowned thus, being adjudged
a typical Chinese-American girl.
A mere If), sbe comes not from
the City by the Golden Gate, but
from Casa Grande, Ariz.

FANNY DON, lately known as
Miss Chinatown, holds the undis
puted honor of our selection for
your weekly Wednesday morning
gleep festival blood-warmer. This
by - no - means - morbid Cal coed
was crowned thus, being adjudged
a typical Chinese-American girl.
A mere If), sbe comes not from
the City by the Golden Gate, but
from Casa Grande, Ariz.

FANNY DON, lately known as
Miss Chinatown, holds the undis
puted honor of our selection for
your weekly Wednesday morning
gleep festival blood-warmer. This
by - no - means - morbid Cal coed
was crowned thus, being adjudged
a typical Chinese-American girl.
A mere If), sbe comes not from
the City by the Golden Gate, but
from Casa Grande, Ariz.

FANNY DON, lately known as
Miss Chinatown, holds the undis
puted honor of our selection for
your weekly Wednesday morning
gleep festival blood-warmer. This
by - no - means - morbid Cal coed
was crowned thus, being adjudged
a typical Chinese-American girl.
A mere If), sbe comes not from
the City by the Golden Gate, but
from Casa Grande, Ariz.

FANNY DON, lately known as
Miss Chinatown, holds the undis
puted honor of our selection for
your weekly Wednesday morning
gleep festival blood-warmer. This
by - no - means - morbid Cal coed
was crowned thus, being adjudged
a typical Chinese-American girl.
A mere If), sbe comes not from
the City by the Golden Gate, but
from Casa Grande, Ariz.

FANNY DON, lately known as
Miss Chinatown, holds the undis
puted honor of our selection for
your weekly Wednesday morning
gleep festival blood-warmer. This
by - no - means - morbid Cal coed
was crowned thus, being adjudged
a typical Chinese-American girl.
A mere If), sbe comes not from
the City by the Golden Gate, but
from Casa Grande, Ariz.
