# HISTORY CLUB HOLDS INITIATION MEETING
## 
### 
The History Club will hold an initia
tion meeting for the new members
Thursday evening at 8 o'clock in the
Women's clubhouse. At the last meet
ing, which was held October 10 at the
home of Dr. and Airs. Robinson, the fol
lowing new members were elected: Har
riet Barnhart, '22; Dorothy Buffum, '22;
Laura Davis, gr.; Mary Matthews, '22;
Margaret Younglove, '22; Frances Wil
lis, gr.; W. E. Rankin, '22; Paul Clyde,
instructor in Journalism, and R. M.
Harvey and C. R. Hicks, assistants in
the History Department. M. C. Cro
baugh and Dr. F. W. Hirst were elected
to honorary membership. At the same
meeting Robert Binkley was elected
president of the club and Virginia Low
ers secretary.
All new members are requested to be
present for the initiation. Refreshments
will be served after the ordeal. A spe
cial invitation is extended to all mem
bers of the faculty of the History De
partment and their wives.
