# Students Are Asked to Correct Directory Proofs
## 
### 
Lists for the Students' Directory for
the autumn quarter were posted on the
bulletin boards in front of the Admin
istration building this morning. They
will remain for corrections until tomor
row night and will be taken down at
that time.
Lists for the Students' Directory for
the autumn quarter were posted on the
bulletin boards in front of the Admin
istration building this morning. They
will remain for corrections until tomor
row night and will be taken down at
that time.
Lists for the Students' Directory for
the autumn quarter were posted on the
bulletin boards in front of the Admin
istration building this morning. They
will remain for corrections until tomor
row night and will be taken down at
that time.
Lists for the Students' Directory for
the autumn quarter were posted on the
bulletin boards in front of the Admin
istration building this morning. They
will remain for corrections until tomor
row night and will be taken down at
that time.
Lists for the Students' Directory for
the autumn quarter were posted on the
bulletin boards in front of the Admin
istration building this morning. They
will remain for corrections until tomor
row night and will be taken down at
that time.
Lists for the Students' Directory for
the autumn quarter were posted on the
bulletin boards in front of the Admin
istration building this morning. They
will remain for corrections until tomor
row night and will be taken down at
that time.
Lists for the Students' Directory for
the autumn quarter were posted on the
bulletin boards in front of the Admin
istration building this morning. They
will remain for corrections until tomor
row night and will be taken down at
that time.
Lists for the Students' Directory for
the autumn quarter were posted on the
bulletin boards in front of the Admin
istration building this morning. They
will remain for corrections until tomor
row night and will be taken down at
that time.
Lists for the Students' Directory for
the autumn quarter were posted on the
bulletin boards in front of the Admin
istration building this morning. They
will remain for corrections until tomor
row night and will be taken down at
that time.
Lists for the Students' Directory for
the autumn quarter were posted on the
bulletin boards in front of the Admin
istration building this morning. They
will remain for corrections until tomor
row night and will be taken down at
that time.
Lists for the Students' Directory for
the autumn quarter were posted on the
bulletin boards in front of the Admin
istration building this morning. They
will remain for corrections until tomor
row night and will be taken down at
that time.
Lists for the Students' Directory for
the autumn quarter were posted on the
bulletin boards in front of the Admin
istration building this morning. They
will remain for corrections until tomor
row night and will be taken down at
that time.
Lists for the Students' Directory for
the autumn quarter were posted on the
bulletin boards in front of the Admin
istration building this morning. They
will remain for corrections until tomor
row night and will be taken down at
that time.
