# MEN'S CONFERENCE DISCUSSES RUSHING
## 
### 
The formal rushing problem of the
men's fraternities on the campus was
taken up in detail last night, at the
regular weekly meeting of the Inter
fraternity Conference, held in the
Stanford Union.
The greater part of the evening was
thus devoted to a discussion of rush
ing and plans were formulated for
bringing a lawyer down to officiate at
the formal bidding next Sunday morn
ing. President Snook, of the Confer
once, interpreted sections of the con
stitution at the request of houses in
terested in certain phases of the rush
ing problem.
A plan was also submitted to the
Conference of having a general initia
tion date later in the season for all
freshmen pledged this quarter, with
a general get-together of all the
houses afterwards in the Union. Final
action on this proposal was postponed,
however, until next Monday night.
The formal rushing problem of the
men's fraternities on the campus was
taken up in detail last night, at the
regular weekly meeting of the Inter
fraternity Conference, held in the
Stanford Union.
The greater part of the evening was
thus devoted to a discussion of rush
ing and plans were formulated for
bringing a lawyer down to officiate at
the formal bidding next Sunday morn
ing. President Snook, of the Confer
once, interpreted sections of the con
stitution at the request of houses in
terested in certain phases of the rush
ing problem.
A plan was also submitted to the
Conference of having a general initia
tion date later in the season for all
freshmen pledged this quarter, with
a general get-together of all the
houses afterwards in the Union. Final
action on this proposal was postponed,
however, until next Monday night.
The formal rushing problem of the
men's fraternities on the campus was
taken up in detail last night, at the
regular weekly meeting of the Inter
fraternity Conference, held in the
Stanford Union.
The greater part of the evening was
thus devoted to a discussion of rush
ing and plans were formulated for
bringing a lawyer down to officiate at
the formal bidding next Sunday morn
ing. President Snook, of the Confer
once, interpreted sections of the con
stitution at the request of houses in
terested in certain phases of the rush
ing problem.
A plan was also submitted to the
Conference of having a general initia
tion date later in the season for all
freshmen pledged this quarter, with
a general get-together of all the
houses afterwards in the Union. Final
action on this proposal was postponed,
however, until next Monday night.
The formal rushing problem of the
men's fraternities on the campus was
taken up in detail last night, at the
regular weekly meeting of the Inter
fraternity Conference, held in the
Stanford Union.
The greater part of the evening was
thus devoted to a discussion of rush
ing and plans were formulated for
bringing a lawyer down to officiate at
the formal bidding next Sunday morn
ing. President Snook, of the Confer
once, interpreted sections of the con
stitution at the request of houses in
terested in certain phases of the rush
ing problem.
A plan was also submitted to the
Conference of having a general initia
tion date later in the season for all
freshmen pledged this quarter, with
a general get-together of all the
houses afterwards in the Union. Final
action on this proposal was postponed,
however, until next Monday night.
The formal rushing problem of the
men's fraternities on the campus was
taken up in detail last night, at the
regular weekly meeting of the Inter
fraternity Conference, held in the
Stanford Union.
The greater part of the evening was
thus devoted to a discussion of rush
ing and plans were formulated for
bringing a lawyer down to officiate at
the formal bidding next Sunday morn
ing. President Snook, of the Confer
once, interpreted sections of the con
stitution at the request of houses in
terested in certain phases of the rush
ing problem.
A plan was also submitted to the
Conference of having a general initia
tion date later in the season for all
freshmen pledged this quarter, with
a general get-together of all the
houses afterwards in the Union. Final
action on this proposal was postponed,
however, until next Monday night.
The formal rushing problem of the
men's fraternities on the campus was
taken up in detail last night, at the
regular weekly meeting of the Inter
fraternity Conference, held in the
Stanford Union.
The greater part of the evening was
thus devoted to a discussion of rush
ing and plans were formulated for
bringing a lawyer down to officiate at
the formal bidding next Sunday morn
ing. President Snook, of the Confer
once, interpreted sections of the con
stitution at the request of houses in
terested in certain phases of the rush
ing problem.
A plan was also submitted to the
Conference of having a general initia
tion date later in the season for all
freshmen pledged this quarter, with
a general get-together of all the
houses afterwards in the Union. Final
action on this proposal was postponed,
however, until next Monday night.
The formal rushing problem of the
men's fraternities on the campus was
taken up in detail last night, at the
regular weekly meeting of the Inter
fraternity Conference, held in the
Stanford Union.
The greater part of the evening was
thus devoted to a discussion of rush
ing and plans were formulated for
bringing a lawyer down to officiate at
the formal bidding next Sunday morn
ing. President Snook, of the Confer
once, interpreted sections of the con
stitution at the request of houses in
terested in certain phases of the rush
ing problem.
A plan was also submitted to the
Conference of having a general initia
tion date later in the season for all
freshmen pledged this quarter, with
a general get-together of all the
houses afterwards in the Union. Final
action on this proposal was postponed,
however, until next Monday night.
The formal rushing problem of the
men's fraternities on the campus was
taken up in detail last night, at the
regular weekly meeting of the Inter
fraternity Conference, held in the
Stanford Union.
The greater part of the evening was
thus devoted to a discussion of rush
ing and plans were formulated for
bringing a lawyer down to officiate at
the formal bidding next Sunday morn
ing. President Snook, of the Confer
once, interpreted sections of the con
stitution at the request of houses in
terested in certain phases of the rush
ing problem.
A plan was also submitted to the
Conference of having a general initia
tion date later in the season for all
freshmen pledged this quarter, with
a general get-together of all the
houses afterwards in the Union. Final
action on this proposal was postponed,
however, until next Monday night.
The formal rushing problem of the
men's fraternities on the campus was
taken up in detail last night, at the
regular weekly meeting of the Inter
fraternity Conference, held in the
Stanford Union.
The greater part of the evening was
thus devoted to a discussion of rush
ing and plans were formulated for
bringing a lawyer down to officiate at
the formal bidding next Sunday morn
ing. President Snook, of the Confer
once, interpreted sections of the con
stitution at the request of houses in
terested in certain phases of the rush
ing problem.
A plan was also submitted to the
Conference of having a general initia
tion date later in the season for all
freshmen pledged this quarter, with
a general get-together of all the
houses afterwards in the Union. Final
action on this proposal was postponed,
however, until next Monday night.
The formal rushing problem of the
men's fraternities on the campus was
taken up in detail last night, at the
regular weekly meeting of the Inter
fraternity Conference, held in the
Stanford Union.
The greater part of the evening was
thus devoted to a discussion of rush
ing and plans were formulated for
bringing a lawyer down to officiate at
the formal bidding next Sunday morn
ing. President Snook, of the Confer
once, interpreted sections of the con
stitution at the request of houses in
terested in certain phases of the rush
ing problem.
A plan was also submitted to the
Conference of having a general initia
tion date later in the season for all
freshmen pledged this quarter, with
a general get-together of all the
houses afterwards in the Union. Final
action on this proposal was postponed,
however, until next Monday night.
The formal rushing problem of the
men's fraternities on the campus was
taken up in detail last night, at the
regular weekly meeting of the Inter
fraternity Conference, held in the
Stanford Union.
The greater part of the evening was
thus devoted to a discussion of rush
ing and plans were formulated for
bringing a lawyer down to officiate at
the formal bidding next Sunday morn
ing. President Snook, of the Confer
once, interpreted sections of the con
stitution at the request of houses in
terested in certain phases of the rush
ing problem.
A plan was also submitted to the
Conference of having a general initia
tion date later in the season for all
freshmen pledged this quarter, with
a general get-together of all the
houses afterwards in the Union. Final
action on this proposal was postponed,
however, until next Monday night.
The formal rushing problem of the
men's fraternities on the campus was
taken up in detail last night, at the
regular weekly meeting of the Inter
fraternity Conference, held in the
Stanford Union.
The greater part of the evening was
thus devoted to a discussion of rush
ing and plans were formulated for
bringing a lawyer down to officiate at
the formal bidding next Sunday morn
ing. President Snook, of the Confer
once, interpreted sections of the con
stitution at the request of houses in
terested in certain phases of the rush
ing problem.
A plan was also submitted to the
Conference of having a general initia
tion date later in the season for all
freshmen pledged this quarter, with
a general get-together of all the
houses afterwards in the Union. Final
action on this proposal was postponed,
however, until next Monday night.
The formal rushing problem of the
men's fraternities on the campus was
taken up in detail last night, at the
regular weekly meeting of the Inter
fraternity Conference, held in the
Stanford Union.
The greater part of the evening was
thus devoted to a discussion of rush
ing and plans were formulated for
bringing a lawyer down to officiate at
the formal bidding next Sunday morn
ing. President Snook, of the Confer
once, interpreted sections of the con
stitution at the request of houses in
terested in certain phases of the rush
ing problem.
A plan was also submitted to the
Conference of having a general initia
tion date later in the season for all
freshmen pledged this quarter, with
a general get-together of all the
houses afterwards in the Union. Final
action on this proposal was postponed,
however, until next Monday night.
