# Stanford to Host JC Golf Playoff
## 
### 
Stanford will host California jun
ior colleges competing in the 36-
hole State JC Golf Tournament to
day. Among the 24 teams bidding
for the championship arc Santa
Monica, San Mateo, I.ong Beach,
and John Muir College of Pasadena.
Stanford will host California jun
ior colleges competing in the 36-
hole State JC Golf Tournament to
day. Among the 24 teams bidding
for the championship arc Santa
Monica, San Mateo, I.ong Beach,
and John Muir College of Pasadena.
Stanford will host California jun
ior colleges competing in the 36-
hole State JC Golf Tournament to
day. Among the 24 teams bidding
for the championship arc Santa
Monica, San Mateo, I.ong Beach,
and John Muir College of Pasadena.
Stanford will host California jun
ior colleges competing in the 36-
hole State JC Golf Tournament to
day. Among the 24 teams bidding
for the championship arc Santa
Monica, San Mateo, I.ong Beach,
and John Muir College of Pasadena.
Stanford will host California jun
ior colleges competing in the 36-
hole State JC Golf Tournament to
day. Among the 24 teams bidding
for the championship arc Santa
Monica, San Mateo, I.ong Beach,
and John Muir College of Pasadena.
Stanford will host California jun
ior colleges competing in the 36-
hole State JC Golf Tournament to
day. Among the 24 teams bidding
for the championship arc Santa
Monica, San Mateo, I.ong Beach,
and John Muir College of Pasadena.
Stanford will host California jun
ior colleges competing in the 36-
hole State JC Golf Tournament to
day. Among the 24 teams bidding
for the championship arc Santa
Monica, San Mateo, I.ong Beach,
and John Muir College of Pasadena.
Stanford will host California jun
ior colleges competing in the 36-
hole State JC Golf Tournament to
day. Among the 24 teams bidding
for the championship arc Santa
Monica, San Mateo, I.ong Beach,
and John Muir College of Pasadena.
Stanford will host California jun
ior colleges competing in the 36-
hole State JC Golf Tournament to
day. Among the 24 teams bidding
for the championship arc Santa
Monica, San Mateo, I.ong Beach,
and John Muir College of Pasadena.
Stanford will host California jun
ior colleges competing in the 36-
hole State JC Golf Tournament to
day. Among the 24 teams bidding
for the championship arc Santa
Monica, San Mateo, I.ong Beach,
and John Muir College of Pasadena.
Stanford will host California jun
ior colleges competing in the 36-
hole State JC Golf Tournament to
day. Among the 24 teams bidding
for the championship arc Santa
Monica, San Mateo, I.ong Beach,
and John Muir College of Pasadena.
Stanford will host California jun
ior colleges competing in the 36-
hole State JC Golf Tournament to
day. Among the 24 teams bidding
for the championship arc Santa
Monica, San Mateo, I.ong Beach,
and John Muir College of Pasadena.
Stanford will host California jun
ior colleges competing in the 36-
hole State JC Golf Tournament to
day. Among the 24 teams bidding
for the championship arc Santa
Monica, San Mateo, I.ong Beach,
and John Muir College of Pasadena.
Stanford will host California jun
ior colleges competing in the 36-
hole State JC Golf Tournament to
day. Among the 24 teams bidding
for the championship arc Santa
Monica, San Mateo, I.ong Beach,
and John Muir College of Pasadena.
Stanford will host California jun
ior colleges competing in the 36-
hole State JC Golf Tournament to
day. Among the 24 teams bidding
for the championship arc Santa
Monica, San Mateo, I.ong Beach,
and John Muir College of Pasadena.
