# DEADLINE BABY
## 
### 
It's a boy for Bill Gruver, Daily
pressman! The 7-lb. 3-oz. baby was
born late last night, just in time to
provide a much-needed Daily filler.
It's a boy for Bill Gruver, Daily
pressman! The 7-lb. 3-oz. baby was
born late last night, just in time to
provide a much-needed Daily filler.
It's a boy for Bill Gruver, Daily
pressman! The 7-lb. 3-oz. baby was
born late last night, just in time to
provide a much-needed Daily filler.
It's a boy for Bill Gruver, Daily
pressman! The 7-lb. 3-oz. baby was
born late last night, just in time to
provide a much-needed Daily filler.
It's a boy for Bill Gruver, Daily
pressman! The 7-lb. 3-oz. baby was
born late last night, just in time to
provide a much-needed Daily filler.
It's a boy for Bill Gruver, Daily
pressman! The 7-lb. 3-oz. baby was
born late last night, just in time to
provide a much-needed Daily filler.
It's a boy for Bill Gruver, Daily
pressman! The 7-lb. 3-oz. baby was
born late last night, just in time to
provide a much-needed Daily filler.
It's a boy for Bill Gruver, Daily
pressman! The 7-lb. 3-oz. baby was
born late last night, just in time to
provide a much-needed Daily filler.
It's a boy for Bill Gruver, Daily
pressman! The 7-lb. 3-oz. baby was
born late last night, just in time to
provide a much-needed Daily filler.
It's a boy for Bill Gruver, Daily
pressman! The 7-lb. 3-oz. baby was
born late last night, just in time to
provide a much-needed Daily filler.
It's a boy for Bill Gruver, Daily
pressman! The 7-lb. 3-oz. baby was
born late last night, just in time to
provide a much-needed Daily filler.
It's a boy for Bill Gruver, Daily
pressman! The 7-lb. 3-oz. baby was
born late last night, just in time to
provide a much-needed Daily filler.
It's a boy for Bill Gruver, Daily
pressman! The 7-lb. 3-oz. baby was
born late last night, just in time to
provide a much-needed Daily filler.
It's a boy for Bill Gruver, Daily
pressman! The 7-lb. 3-oz. baby was
born late last night, just in time to
provide a much-needed Daily filler.
It's a boy for Bill Gruver, Daily
pressman! The 7-lb. 3-oz. baby was
born late last night, just in time to
provide a much-needed Daily filler.
