# Seniors to Advise Physics Students
## 
### 
Plans for senior advising of lower
division physics students are being
made by the Physics Department's
recently firmed student - faculty
committee.
All lower division students in
tending lo major in physics should
leave their names, addresses, and
telephone numbers in the Physics
Department office, which is located
on the first floor in the physics cor
ner.
Plans for senior advising of lower
division physics students are being
made by the Physics Department's
recently firmed student - faculty
committee.
All lower division students in
tending lo major in physics should
leave their names, addresses, and
telephone numbers in the Physics
Department office, which is located
on the first floor in the physics cor
ner.
Plans for senior advising of lower
division physics students are being
made by the Physics Department's
recently firmed student - faculty
committee.
All lower division students in
tending lo major in physics should
leave their names, addresses, and
telephone numbers in the Physics
Department office, which is located
on the first floor in the physics cor
ner.
Plans for senior advising of lower
division physics students are being
made by the Physics Department's
recently firmed student - faculty
committee.
All lower division students in
tending lo major in physics should
leave their names, addresses, and
telephone numbers in the Physics
Department office, which is located
on the first floor in the physics cor
ner.
Plans for senior advising of lower
division physics students are being
made by the Physics Department's
recently firmed student - faculty
committee.
All lower division students in
tending lo major in physics should
leave their names, addresses, and
telephone numbers in the Physics
Department office, which is located
on the first floor in the physics cor
ner.
Plans for senior advising of lower
division physics students are being
made by the Physics Department's
recently firmed student - faculty
committee.
All lower division students in
tending lo major in physics should
leave their names, addresses, and
telephone numbers in the Physics
Department office, which is located
on the first floor in the physics cor
ner.
Plans for senior advising of lower
division physics students are being
made by the Physics Department's
recently firmed student - faculty
committee.
All lower division students in
tending lo major in physics should
leave their names, addresses, and
telephone numbers in the Physics
Department office, which is located
on the first floor in the physics cor
ner.
Plans for senior advising of lower
division physics students are being
made by the Physics Department's
recently firmed student - faculty
committee.
All lower division students in
tending lo major in physics should
leave their names, addresses, and
telephone numbers in the Physics
Department office, which is located
on the first floor in the physics cor
ner.
Plans for senior advising of lower
division physics students are being
made by the Physics Department's
recently firmed student - faculty
committee.
All lower division students in
tending lo major in physics should
leave their names, addresses, and
telephone numbers in the Physics
Department office, which is located
on the first floor in the physics cor
ner.
Plans for senior advising of lower
division physics students are being
made by the Physics Department's
recently firmed student - faculty
committee.
All lower division students in
tending lo major in physics should
leave their names, addresses, and
telephone numbers in the Physics
Department office, which is located
on the first floor in the physics cor
ner.
Plans for senior advising of lower
division physics students are being
made by the Physics Department's
recently firmed student - faculty
committee.
All lower division students in
tending lo major in physics should
leave their names, addresses, and
telephone numbers in the Physics
Department office, which is located
on the first floor in the physics cor
ner.
Plans for senior advising of lower
division physics students are being
made by the Physics Department's
recently firmed student - faculty
committee.
All lower division students in
tending lo major in physics should
leave their names, addresses, and
telephone numbers in the Physics
Department office, which is located
on the first floor in the physics cor
ner.
Plans for senior advising of lower
division physics students are being
made by the Physics Department's
recently firmed student - faculty
committee.
All lower division students in
tending lo major in physics should
leave their names, addresses, and
telephone numbers in the Physics
Department office, which is located
on the first floor in the physics cor
ner.
Plans for senior advising of lower
division physics students are being
made by the Physics Department's
recently firmed student - faculty
committee.
All lower division students in
tending lo major in physics should
leave their names, addresses, and
telephone numbers in the Physics
Department office, which is located
on the first floor in the physics cor
ner.
Plans for senior advising of lower
division physics students are being
made by the Physics Department's
recently firmed student - faculty
committee.
All lower division students in
tending lo major in physics should
leave their names, addresses, and
telephone numbers in the Physics
Department office, which is located
on the first floor in the physics cor
ner.
