# Interviews to Be Held For AWS Officers
## 
### 
Interviews for treasurer of AWS
will he held from 15 until 5 today
and tomorrow in the "Y" lounge in
the Women's Clubhouse. Girls arc
eligible if they will be juniors or
seniors next year. Anyone who can
not be at the interviews may con
tact Margaret Gairdner, president
elect oi AWS, at Lathrop.
Applicants for summer quarter
AWS offices will be interviewed
Wednesday and Thursday after
noons from o to G in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Six offices are open to undergrad
uate women: president, who will
also be president of the women's
summer residence; vice-president,
who will act as social chairman for
the residence; and four council
members. Application.'; are due at
the ASSU office by 5 p.m. Tuesday.
Interviews for treasurer of AWS
will he held from 15 until 5 today
and tomorrow in the "Y" lounge in
the Women's Clubhouse. Girls arc
eligible if they will be juniors or
seniors next year. Anyone who can
not be at the interviews may con
tact Margaret Gairdner, president
elect oi AWS, at Lathrop.
Applicants for summer quarter
AWS offices will be interviewed
Wednesday and Thursday after
noons from o to G in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Six offices are open to undergrad
uate women: president, who will
also be president of the women's
summer residence; vice-president,
who will act as social chairman for
the residence; and four council
members. Application.'; are due at
the ASSU office by 5 p.m. Tuesday.
Interviews for treasurer of AWS
will he held from 15 until 5 today
and tomorrow in the "Y" lounge in
the Women's Clubhouse. Girls arc
eligible if they will be juniors or
seniors next year. Anyone who can
not be at the interviews may con
tact Margaret Gairdner, president
elect oi AWS, at Lathrop.
Applicants for summer quarter
AWS offices will be interviewed
Wednesday and Thursday after
noons from o to G in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Six offices are open to undergrad
uate women: president, who will
also be president of the women's
summer residence; vice-president,
who will act as social chairman for
the residence; and four council
members. Application.'; are due at
the ASSU office by 5 p.m. Tuesday.
Interviews for treasurer of AWS
will he held from 15 until 5 today
and tomorrow in the "Y" lounge in
the Women's Clubhouse. Girls arc
eligible if they will be juniors or
seniors next year. Anyone who can
not be at the interviews may con
tact Margaret Gairdner, president
elect oi AWS, at Lathrop.
Applicants for summer quarter
AWS offices will be interviewed
Wednesday and Thursday after
noons from o to G in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Six offices are open to undergrad
uate women: president, who will
also be president of the women's
summer residence; vice-president,
who will act as social chairman for
the residence; and four council
members. Application.'; are due at
the ASSU office by 5 p.m. Tuesday.
Interviews for treasurer of AWS
will he held from 15 until 5 today
and tomorrow in the "Y" lounge in
the Women's Clubhouse. Girls arc
eligible if they will be juniors or
seniors next year. Anyone who can
not be at the interviews may con
tact Margaret Gairdner, president
elect oi AWS, at Lathrop.
Applicants for summer quarter
AWS offices will be interviewed
Wednesday and Thursday after
noons from o to G in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Six offices are open to undergrad
uate women: president, who will
also be president of the women's
summer residence; vice-president,
who will act as social chairman for
the residence; and four council
members. Application.'; are due at
the ASSU office by 5 p.m. Tuesday.
Interviews for treasurer of AWS
will he held from 15 until 5 today
and tomorrow in the "Y" lounge in
the Women's Clubhouse. Girls arc
eligible if they will be juniors or
seniors next year. Anyone who can
not be at the interviews may con
tact Margaret Gairdner, president
elect oi AWS, at Lathrop.
Applicants for summer quarter
AWS offices will be interviewed
Wednesday and Thursday after
noons from o to G in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Six offices are open to undergrad
uate women: president, who will
also be president of the women's
summer residence; vice-president,
who will act as social chairman for
the residence; and four council
members. Application.'; are due at
the ASSU office by 5 p.m. Tuesday.
Interviews for treasurer of AWS
will he held from 15 until 5 today
and tomorrow in the "Y" lounge in
the Women's Clubhouse. Girls arc
eligible if they will be juniors or
seniors next year. Anyone who can
not be at the interviews may con
tact Margaret Gairdner, president
elect oi AWS, at Lathrop.
Applicants for summer quarter
AWS offices will be interviewed
Wednesday and Thursday after
noons from o to G in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Six offices are open to undergrad
uate women: president, who will
also be president of the women's
summer residence; vice-president,
who will act as social chairman for
the residence; and four council
members. Application.'; are due at
the ASSU office by 5 p.m. Tuesday.
Interviews for treasurer of AWS
will he held from 15 until 5 today
and tomorrow in the "Y" lounge in
the Women's Clubhouse. Girls arc
eligible if they will be juniors or
seniors next year. Anyone who can
not be at the interviews may con
tact Margaret Gairdner, president
elect oi AWS, at Lathrop.
Applicants for summer quarter
AWS offices will be interviewed
Wednesday and Thursday after
noons from o to G in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Six offices are open to undergrad
uate women: president, who will
also be president of the women's
summer residence; vice-president,
who will act as social chairman for
the residence; and four council
members. Application.'; are due at
the ASSU office by 5 p.m. Tuesday.
Interviews for treasurer of AWS
will he held from 15 until 5 today
and tomorrow in the "Y" lounge in
the Women's Clubhouse. Girls arc
eligible if they will be juniors or
seniors next year. Anyone who can
not be at the interviews may con
tact Margaret Gairdner, president
elect oi AWS, at Lathrop.
Applicants for summer quarter
AWS offices will be interviewed
Wednesday and Thursday after
noons from o to G in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Six offices are open to undergrad
uate women: president, who will
also be president of the women's
summer residence; vice-president,
who will act as social chairman for
the residence; and four council
members. Application.'; are due at
the ASSU office by 5 p.m. Tuesday.
Interviews for treasurer of AWS
will he held from 15 until 5 today
and tomorrow in the "Y" lounge in
the Women's Clubhouse. Girls arc
eligible if they will be juniors or
seniors next year. Anyone who can
not be at the interviews may con
tact Margaret Gairdner, president
elect oi AWS, at Lathrop.
Applicants for summer quarter
AWS offices will be interviewed
Wednesday and Thursday after
noons from o to G in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Six offices are open to undergrad
uate women: president, who will
also be president of the women's
summer residence; vice-president,
who will act as social chairman for
the residence; and four council
members. Application.'; are due at
the ASSU office by 5 p.m. Tuesday.
Interviews for treasurer of AWS
will he held from 15 until 5 today
and tomorrow in the "Y" lounge in
the Women's Clubhouse. Girls arc
eligible if they will be juniors or
seniors next year. Anyone who can
not be at the interviews may con
tact Margaret Gairdner, president
elect oi AWS, at Lathrop.
Applicants for summer quarter
AWS offices will be interviewed
Wednesday and Thursday after
noons from o to G in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Six offices are open to undergrad
uate women: president, who will
also be president of the women's
summer residence; vice-president,
who will act as social chairman for
the residence; and four council
members. Application.'; are due at
the ASSU office by 5 p.m. Tuesday.
Interviews for treasurer of AWS
will he held from 15 until 5 today
and tomorrow in the "Y" lounge in
the Women's Clubhouse. Girls arc
eligible if they will be juniors or
seniors next year. Anyone who can
not be at the interviews may con
tact Margaret Gairdner, president
elect oi AWS, at Lathrop.
Applicants for summer quarter
AWS offices will be interviewed
Wednesday and Thursday after
noons from o to G in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Six offices are open to undergrad
uate women: president, who will
also be president of the women's
summer residence; vice-president,
who will act as social chairman for
the residence; and four council
members. Application.'; are due at
the ASSU office by 5 p.m. Tuesday.
Interviews for treasurer of AWS
will he held from 15 until 5 today
and tomorrow in the "Y" lounge in
the Women's Clubhouse. Girls arc
eligible if they will be juniors or
seniors next year. Anyone who can
not be at the interviews may con
tact Margaret Gairdner, president
elect oi AWS, at Lathrop.
Applicants for summer quarter
AWS offices will be interviewed
Wednesday and Thursday after
noons from o to G in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Six offices are open to undergrad
uate women: president, who will
also be president of the women's
summer residence; vice-president,
who will act as social chairman for
the residence; and four council
members. Application.'; are due at
the ASSU office by 5 p.m. Tuesday.
Interviews for treasurer of AWS
will he held from 15 until 5 today
and tomorrow in the "Y" lounge in
the Women's Clubhouse. Girls arc
eligible if they will be juniors or
seniors next year. Anyone who can
not be at the interviews may con
tact Margaret Gairdner, president
elect oi AWS, at Lathrop.
Applicants for summer quarter
AWS offices will be interviewed
Wednesday and Thursday after
noons from o to G in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Six offices are open to undergrad
uate women: president, who will
also be president of the women's
summer residence; vice-president,
who will act as social chairman for
the residence; and four council
members. Application.'; are due at
the ASSU office by 5 p.m. Tuesday.
Interviews for treasurer of AWS
will he held from 15 until 5 today
and tomorrow in the "Y" lounge in
the Women's Clubhouse. Girls arc
eligible if they will be juniors or
seniors next year. Anyone who can
not be at the interviews may con
tact Margaret Gairdner, president
elect oi AWS, at Lathrop.
Applicants for summer quarter
AWS offices will be interviewed
Wednesday and Thursday after
noons from o to G in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Six offices are open to undergrad
uate women: president, who will
also be president of the women's
summer residence; vice-president,
who will act as social chairman for
the residence; and four council
members. Application.'; are due at
the ASSU office by 5 p.m. Tuesday.
