# Gymnasium Notes.
## 
### 
—Those men in the gymnasium
who have registered to substitute
track work this semester were
today told to report to the track
management daily hereafter.
—In the current number of the
American Journal of Physiology is
the report of the proceedings of the
American Physiological Society in
a meeting recently held in Phila
delphia. The principal paper was
a discussion of "The Survival of
Irritability in Mammalian Nerves
after Removal from the Body,'' by
VV. D. Cutter and P. K. Gilman,
'01. Gilman is now doing gradu
ate work at Johns Hopkins Univer
sity. In the same report is also
an announcement of an article to
be published soon on "Further
Contributions to Muscle Tonus,"
by Dr. T. A. Storey, director of
Encina gymnasium.
