# WIREPHOTOS OF WOLVERINES
## 
### 
Wirephotos will be sent directly
from the Michigan press box this
fall by Associated Press. From ths
darkroom, built by their Athletic
Association, wirephotos can be
serviced to member papers in less
than eight minutes after they aie
received.
Wirephotos will be sent directly
from the Michigan press box this
fall by Associated Press. From ths
darkroom, built by their Athletic
Association, wirephotos can be
serviced to member papers in less
than eight minutes after they aie
received.
Wirephotos will be sent directly
from the Michigan press box this
fall by Associated Press. From ths
darkroom, built by their Athletic
Association, wirephotos can be
serviced to member papers in less
than eight minutes after they aie
received.
Wirephotos will be sent directly
from the Michigan press box this
fall by Associated Press. From ths
darkroom, built by their Athletic
Association, wirephotos can be
serviced to member papers in less
than eight minutes after they aie
received.
Wirephotos will be sent directly
from the Michigan press box this
fall by Associated Press. From ths
darkroom, built by their Athletic
Association, wirephotos can be
serviced to member papers in less
than eight minutes after they aie
received.
Wirephotos will be sent directly
from the Michigan press box this
fall by Associated Press. From ths
darkroom, built by their Athletic
Association, wirephotos can be
serviced to member papers in less
than eight minutes after they aie
received.
Wirephotos will be sent directly
from the Michigan press box this
fall by Associated Press. From ths
darkroom, built by their Athletic
Association, wirephotos can be
serviced to member papers in less
than eight minutes after they aie
received.
Wirephotos will be sent directly
from the Michigan press box this
fall by Associated Press. From ths
darkroom, built by their Athletic
Association, wirephotos can be
serviced to member papers in less
than eight minutes after they aie
received.
Wirephotos will be sent directly
from the Michigan press box this
fall by Associated Press. From ths
darkroom, built by their Athletic
Association, wirephotos can be
serviced to member papers in less
than eight minutes after they aie
received.
Wirephotos will be sent directly
from the Michigan press box this
fall by Associated Press. From ths
darkroom, built by their Athletic
Association, wirephotos can be
serviced to member papers in less
than eight minutes after they aie
received.
Wirephotos will be sent directly
from the Michigan press box this
fall by Associated Press. From ths
darkroom, built by their Athletic
Association, wirephotos can be
serviced to member papers in less
than eight minutes after they aie
received.
Wirephotos will be sent directly
from the Michigan press box this
fall by Associated Press. From ths
darkroom, built by their Athletic
Association, wirephotos can be
serviced to member papers in less
than eight minutes after they aie
received.
Wirephotos will be sent directly
from the Michigan press box this
fall by Associated Press. From ths
darkroom, built by their Athletic
Association, wirephotos can be
serviced to member papers in less
than eight minutes after they aie
received.
Wirephotos will be sent directly
from the Michigan press box this
fall by Associated Press. From ths
darkroom, built by their Athletic
Association, wirephotos can be
serviced to member papers in less
than eight minutes after they aie
received.
