# MGM Executive To Give Film Talk
## 
### 
Picture Directing vs.
State Directing" is the subject of
Gerald Mayer, Metro - Goldwyn-
Mayer Pictures executive, will dis
cuss today at 3 p.m. in the Little
Theater.
Mayer's talk is the last in a sum
mer series sponsored by the speech
and drama department, and is open
to the public without charge.
During his student days at Stan
ford, the MGM executive was a
Stanford Daily associate editor and
columnist, and graduated in 1941.
"Mr. Whitney Had a Notion" is
the new film which Mayer, nephew
of Louis B. Mayer, directed at
MGM. where he is shorts and test
director. Mayer has also directed
several plays in summer stock.
While serving as a lieutenant in
the naval amphibious forces during
the war he received seven battle
stars for Pacific campaigns.
