# Daily Sports
## 
### 

AL RAU, 200-pound right tackle,
will be back this year. lie was a
regular last year, and proved very
quick and intelligent in his posi
tion.

AL RAU, 200-pound right tackle,
will be back this year. lie was a
regular last year, and proved very
quick and intelligent in his posi
tion.

AL RAU, 200-pound right tackle,
will be back this year. lie was a
regular last year, and proved very
quick and intelligent in his posi
tion.

AL RAU, 200-pound right tackle,
will be back this year. lie was a
regular last year, and proved very
quick and intelligent in his posi
tion.

AL RAU, 200-pound right tackle,
will be back this year. lie was a
regular last year, and proved very
quick and intelligent in his posi
tion.

AL RAU, 200-pound right tackle,
will be back this year. lie was a
regular last year, and proved very
quick and intelligent in his posi
tion.

AL RAU, 200-pound right tackle,
will be back this year. lie was a
regular last year, and proved very
quick and intelligent in his posi
tion.

AL RAU, 200-pound right tackle,
will be back this year. lie was a
regular last year, and proved very
quick and intelligent in his posi
tion.

AL RAU, 200-pound right tackle,
will be back this year. lie was a
regular last year, and proved very
quick and intelligent in his posi
tion.

AL RAU, 200-pound right tackle,
will be back this year. lie was a
regular last year, and proved very
quick and intelligent in his posi
tion.

AL RAU, 200-pound right tackle,
will be back this year. lie was a
regular last year, and proved very
quick and intelligent in his posi
tion.

AL RAU, 200-pound right tackle,
will be back this year. lie was a
regular last year, and proved very
quick and intelligent in his posi
tion.

AL RAU, 200-pound right tackle,
will be back this year. lie was a
regular last year, and proved very
quick and intelligent in his posi
tion.

AL RAU, 200-pound right tackle,
will be back this year. lie was a
regular last year, and proved very
quick and intelligent in his posi
tion.
