# Libe Features Writings By Farm Profs
## 
### 
Display cases at the Library fea
ture books by two Stanford pro
fessors.
The display in the lower hall is
centered around "The International
City of Tangier" by Graham H. Stu
art, Professor Emeritus of Political
Science. The second edition of the
book was published Nov. 17 by Stan
ford University Press.
Professor Stuart visited Tangier in
1954 to obtain information on Tan
gier for the new edition. Part of his
Moroccan collection is exhibited, in
cluding Moorish daggers and a black
veil with the sultan's insignia.
A biography of French composer
Ernest Ohausson, written by Pro
fessor Leo Weinstein in collabora
tion with Jean-Pierre Barricelli, is
the subject of the main lobby exhi
bition. The book was published last
month.
Both professors are scheduled to
discuss the subjects of their books"
at future Intermezzo programs.
Display cases at the Library fea
ture books by two Stanford pro
fessors.
The display in the lower hall is
centered around "The International
City of Tangier" by Graham H. Stu
art, Professor Emeritus of Political
Science. The second edition of the
book was published Nov. 17 by Stan
ford University Press.
Professor Stuart visited Tangier in
1954 to obtain information on Tan
gier for the new edition. Part of his
Moroccan collection is exhibited, in
cluding Moorish daggers and a black
veil with the sultan's insignia.
A biography of French composer
Ernest Ohausson, written by Pro
fessor Leo Weinstein in collabora
tion with Jean-Pierre Barricelli, is
the subject of the main lobby exhi
bition. The book was published last
month.
Both professors are scheduled to
discuss the subjects of their books"
at future Intermezzo programs.
Display cases at the Library fea
ture books by two Stanford pro
fessors.
The display in the lower hall is
centered around "The International
City of Tangier" by Graham H. Stu
art, Professor Emeritus of Political
Science. The second edition of the
book was published Nov. 17 by Stan
ford University Press.
Professor Stuart visited Tangier in
1954 to obtain information on Tan
gier for the new edition. Part of his
Moroccan collection is exhibited, in
cluding Moorish daggers and a black
veil with the sultan's insignia.
A biography of French composer
Ernest Ohausson, written by Pro
fessor Leo Weinstein in collabora
tion with Jean-Pierre Barricelli, is
the subject of the main lobby exhi
bition. The book was published last
month.
Both professors are scheduled to
discuss the subjects of their books"
at future Intermezzo programs.
Display cases at the Library fea
ture books by two Stanford pro
fessors.
The display in the lower hall is
centered around "The International
City of Tangier" by Graham H. Stu
art, Professor Emeritus of Political
Science. The second edition of the
book was published Nov. 17 by Stan
ford University Press.
Professor Stuart visited Tangier in
1954 to obtain information on Tan
gier for the new edition. Part of his
Moroccan collection is exhibited, in
cluding Moorish daggers and a black
veil with the sultan's insignia.
A biography of French composer
Ernest Ohausson, written by Pro
fessor Leo Weinstein in collabora
tion with Jean-Pierre Barricelli, is
the subject of the main lobby exhi
bition. The book was published last
month.
Both professors are scheduled to
discuss the subjects of their books"
at future Intermezzo programs.
Display cases at the Library fea
ture books by two Stanford pro
fessors.
The display in the lower hall is
centered around "The International
City of Tangier" by Graham H. Stu
art, Professor Emeritus of Political
Science. The second edition of the
book was published Nov. 17 by Stan
ford University Press.
Professor Stuart visited Tangier in
1954 to obtain information on Tan
gier for the new edition. Part of his
Moroccan collection is exhibited, in
cluding Moorish daggers and a black
veil with the sultan's insignia.
A biography of French composer
Ernest Ohausson, written by Pro
fessor Leo Weinstein in collabora
tion with Jean-Pierre Barricelli, is
the subject of the main lobby exhi
bition. The book was published last
month.
Both professors are scheduled to
discuss the subjects of their books"
at future Intermezzo programs.
Display cases at the Library fea
ture books by two Stanford pro
fessors.
The display in the lower hall is
centered around "The International
City of Tangier" by Graham H. Stu
art, Professor Emeritus of Political
Science. The second edition of the
book was published Nov. 17 by Stan
ford University Press.
Professor Stuart visited Tangier in
1954 to obtain information on Tan
gier for the new edition. Part of his
Moroccan collection is exhibited, in
cluding Moorish daggers and a black
veil with the sultan's insignia.
A biography of French composer
Ernest Ohausson, written by Pro
fessor Leo Weinstein in collabora
tion with Jean-Pierre Barricelli, is
the subject of the main lobby exhi
bition. The book was published last
month.
Both professors are scheduled to
discuss the subjects of their books"
at future Intermezzo programs.
Display cases at the Library fea
ture books by two Stanford pro
fessors.
The display in the lower hall is
centered around "The International
City of Tangier" by Graham H. Stu
art, Professor Emeritus of Political
Science. The second edition of the
book was published Nov. 17 by Stan
ford University Press.
Professor Stuart visited Tangier in
1954 to obtain information on Tan
gier for the new edition. Part of his
Moroccan collection is exhibited, in
cluding Moorish daggers and a black
veil with the sultan's insignia.
A biography of French composer
Ernest Ohausson, written by Pro
fessor Leo Weinstein in collabora
tion with Jean-Pierre Barricelli, is
the subject of the main lobby exhi
bition. The book was published last
month.
Both professors are scheduled to
discuss the subjects of their books"
at future Intermezzo programs.
Display cases at the Library fea
ture books by two Stanford pro
fessors.
The display in the lower hall is
centered around "The International
City of Tangier" by Graham H. Stu
art, Professor Emeritus of Political
Science. The second edition of the
book was published Nov. 17 by Stan
ford University Press.
Professor Stuart visited Tangier in
1954 to obtain information on Tan
gier for the new edition. Part of his
Moroccan collection is exhibited, in
cluding Moorish daggers and a black
veil with the sultan's insignia.
A biography of French composer
Ernest Ohausson, written by Pro
fessor Leo Weinstein in collabora
tion with Jean-Pierre Barricelli, is
the subject of the main lobby exhi
bition. The book was published last
month.
Both professors are scheduled to
discuss the subjects of their books"
at future Intermezzo programs.
Display cases at the Library fea
ture books by two Stanford pro
fessors.
The display in the lower hall is
centered around "The International
City of Tangier" by Graham H. Stu
art, Professor Emeritus of Political
Science. The second edition of the
book was published Nov. 17 by Stan
ford University Press.
Professor Stuart visited Tangier in
1954 to obtain information on Tan
gier for the new edition. Part of his
Moroccan collection is exhibited, in
cluding Moorish daggers and a black
veil with the sultan's insignia.
A biography of French composer
Ernest Ohausson, written by Pro
fessor Leo Weinstein in collabora
tion with Jean-Pierre Barricelli, is
the subject of the main lobby exhi
bition. The book was published last
month.
Both professors are scheduled to
discuss the subjects of their books"
at future Intermezzo programs.
Display cases at the Library fea
ture books by two Stanford pro
fessors.
The display in the lower hall is
centered around "The International
City of Tangier" by Graham H. Stu
art, Professor Emeritus of Political
Science. The second edition of the
book was published Nov. 17 by Stan
ford University Press.
Professor Stuart visited Tangier in
1954 to obtain information on Tan
gier for the new edition. Part of his
Moroccan collection is exhibited, in
cluding Moorish daggers and a black
veil with the sultan's insignia.
A biography of French composer
Ernest Ohausson, written by Pro
fessor Leo Weinstein in collabora
tion with Jean-Pierre Barricelli, is
the subject of the main lobby exhi
bition. The book was published last
month.
Both professors are scheduled to
discuss the subjects of their books"
at future Intermezzo programs.
Display cases at the Library fea
ture books by two Stanford pro
fessors.
The display in the lower hall is
centered around "The International
City of Tangier" by Graham H. Stu
art, Professor Emeritus of Political
Science. The second edition of the
book was published Nov. 17 by Stan
ford University Press.
Professor Stuart visited Tangier in
1954 to obtain information on Tan
gier for the new edition. Part of his
Moroccan collection is exhibited, in
cluding Moorish daggers and a black
veil with the sultan's insignia.
A biography of French composer
Ernest Ohausson, written by Pro
fessor Leo Weinstein in collabora
tion with Jean-Pierre Barricelli, is
the subject of the main lobby exhi
bition. The book was published last
month.
Both professors are scheduled to
discuss the subjects of their books"
at future Intermezzo programs.
Display cases at the Library fea
ture books by two Stanford pro
fessors.
The display in the lower hall is
centered around "The International
City of Tangier" by Graham H. Stu
art, Professor Emeritus of Political
Science. The second edition of the
book was published Nov. 17 by Stan
ford University Press.
Professor Stuart visited Tangier in
1954 to obtain information on Tan
gier for the new edition. Part of his
Moroccan collection is exhibited, in
cluding Moorish daggers and a black
veil with the sultan's insignia.
A biography of French composer
Ernest Ohausson, written by Pro
fessor Leo Weinstein in collabora
tion with Jean-Pierre Barricelli, is
the subject of the main lobby exhi
bition. The book was published last
month.
Both professors are scheduled to
discuss the subjects of their books"
at future Intermezzo programs.
Display cases at the Library fea
ture books by two Stanford pro
fessors.
The display in the lower hall is
centered around "The International
City of Tangier" by Graham H. Stu
art, Professor Emeritus of Political
Science. The second edition of the
book was published Nov. 17 by Stan
ford University Press.
Professor Stuart visited Tangier in
1954 to obtain information on Tan
gier for the new edition. Part of his
Moroccan collection is exhibited, in
cluding Moorish daggers and a black
veil with the sultan's insignia.
A biography of French composer
Ernest Ohausson, written by Pro
fessor Leo Weinstein in collabora
tion with Jean-Pierre Barricelli, is
the subject of the main lobby exhi
bition. The book was published last
month.
Both professors are scheduled to
discuss the subjects of their books"
at future Intermezzo programs.
Display cases at the Library fea
ture books by two Stanford pro
fessors.
The display in the lower hall is
centered around "The International
City of Tangier" by Graham H. Stu
art, Professor Emeritus of Political
Science. The second edition of the
book was published Nov. 17 by Stan
ford University Press.
Professor Stuart visited Tangier in
1954 to obtain information on Tan
gier for the new edition. Part of his
Moroccan collection is exhibited, in
cluding Moorish daggers and a black
veil with the sultan's insignia.
A biography of French composer
Ernest Ohausson, written by Pro
fessor Leo Weinstein in collabora
tion with Jean-Pierre Barricelli, is
the subject of the main lobby exhi
bition. The book was published last
month.
Both professors are scheduled to
discuss the subjects of their books"
at future Intermezzo programs.
Display cases at the Library fea
ture books by two Stanford pro
fessors.
The display in the lower hall is
centered around "The International
City of Tangier" by Graham H. Stu
art, Professor Emeritus of Political
Science. The second edition of the
book was published Nov. 17 by Stan
ford University Press.
Professor Stuart visited Tangier in
1954 to obtain information on Tan
gier for the new edition. Part of his
Moroccan collection is exhibited, in
cluding Moorish daggers and a black
veil with the sultan's insignia.
A biography of French composer
Ernest Ohausson, written by Pro
fessor Leo Weinstein in collabora
tion with Jean-Pierre Barricelli, is
the subject of the main lobby exhi
bition. The book was published last
month.
Both professors are scheduled to
discuss the subjects of their books"
at future Intermezzo programs.
