# Band Needs More Wind Instruments
## 
### 
Stanford Band si til needs more
clarinets, oboes, bassoons and French
horns for its winter-quarter concert
season, according to assistant man
ager Bill Hudson.
Interested persons may attend to
night's practice at 7:15 in the band
house. Rehearsals are held every
Tuesday evening. Julius Shuchat di
rects the group.
Stanford Band si til needs more
clarinets, oboes, bassoons and French
horns for its winter-quarter concert
season, according to assistant man
ager Bill Hudson.
Interested persons may attend to
night's practice at 7:15 in the band
house. Rehearsals are held every
Tuesday evening. Julius Shuchat di
rects the group.
Stanford Band si til needs more
clarinets, oboes, bassoons and French
horns for its winter-quarter concert
season, according to assistant man
ager Bill Hudson.
Interested persons may attend to
night's practice at 7:15 in the band
house. Rehearsals are held every
Tuesday evening. Julius Shuchat di
rects the group.
Stanford Band si til needs more
clarinets, oboes, bassoons and French
horns for its winter-quarter concert
season, according to assistant man
ager Bill Hudson.
Interested persons may attend to
night's practice at 7:15 in the band
house. Rehearsals are held every
Tuesday evening. Julius Shuchat di
rects the group.
Stanford Band si til needs more
clarinets, oboes, bassoons and French
horns for its winter-quarter concert
season, according to assistant man
ager Bill Hudson.
Interested persons may attend to
night's practice at 7:15 in the band
house. Rehearsals are held every
Tuesday evening. Julius Shuchat di
rects the group.
Stanford Band si til needs more
clarinets, oboes, bassoons and French
horns for its winter-quarter concert
season, according to assistant man
ager Bill Hudson.
Interested persons may attend to
night's practice at 7:15 in the band
house. Rehearsals are held every
Tuesday evening. Julius Shuchat di
rects the group.
Stanford Band si til needs more
clarinets, oboes, bassoons and French
horns for its winter-quarter concert
season, according to assistant man
ager Bill Hudson.
Interested persons may attend to
night's practice at 7:15 in the band
house. Rehearsals are held every
Tuesday evening. Julius Shuchat di
rects the group.
Stanford Band si til needs more
clarinets, oboes, bassoons and French
horns for its winter-quarter concert
season, according to assistant man
ager Bill Hudson.
Interested persons may attend to
night's practice at 7:15 in the band
house. Rehearsals are held every
Tuesday evening. Julius Shuchat di
rects the group.
Stanford Band si til needs more
clarinets, oboes, bassoons and French
horns for its winter-quarter concert
season, according to assistant man
ager Bill Hudson.
Interested persons may attend to
night's practice at 7:15 in the band
house. Rehearsals are held every
Tuesday evening. Julius Shuchat di
rects the group.
Stanford Band si til needs more
clarinets, oboes, bassoons and French
horns for its winter-quarter concert
season, according to assistant man
ager Bill Hudson.
Interested persons may attend to
night's practice at 7:15 in the band
house. Rehearsals are held every
Tuesday evening. Julius Shuchat di
rects the group.
Stanford Band si til needs more
clarinets, oboes, bassoons and French
horns for its winter-quarter concert
season, according to assistant man
ager Bill Hudson.
Interested persons may attend to
night's practice at 7:15 in the band
house. Rehearsals are held every
Tuesday evening. Julius Shuchat di
rects the group.
Stanford Band si til needs more
clarinets, oboes, bassoons and French
horns for its winter-quarter concert
season, according to assistant man
ager Bill Hudson.
Interested persons may attend to
night's practice at 7:15 in the band
house. Rehearsals are held every
Tuesday evening. Julius Shuchat di
rects the group.
Stanford Band si til needs more
clarinets, oboes, bassoons and French
horns for its winter-quarter concert
season, according to assistant man
ager Bill Hudson.
Interested persons may attend to
night's practice at 7:15 in the band
house. Rehearsals are held every
Tuesday evening. Julius Shuchat di
rects the group.
Stanford Band si til needs more
clarinets, oboes, bassoons and French
horns for its winter-quarter concert
season, according to assistant man
ager Bill Hudson.
Interested persons may attend to
night's practice at 7:15 in the band
house. Rehearsals are held every
Tuesday evening. Julius Shuchat di
rects the group.
Stanford Band si til needs more
clarinets, oboes, bassoons and French
horns for its winter-quarter concert
season, according to assistant man
ager Bill Hudson.
Interested persons may attend to
night's practice at 7:15 in the band
house. Rehearsals are held every
Tuesday evening. Julius Shuchat di
rects the group.
