# Sterling to Speak To WUS Solicitors
## 
### 
University President Wallace Ster
ling, will deliver a pep talk to all
solicitors of the World University
Service Drive at a short meeting to
be held at Cubberley Auditorium to
night at 7:30.
The president's talk will be fol
lowed by short talks by Drive Chair
man Bill Crookston and a repre
sentative from the Los Angeles
World University Service office.
University President Wallace Ster
ling, will deliver a pep talk to all
solicitors of the World University
Service Drive at a short meeting to
be held at Cubberley Auditorium to
night at 7:30.
The president's talk will be fol
lowed by short talks by Drive Chair
man Bill Crookston and a repre
sentative from the Los Angeles
World University Service office.
University President Wallace Ster
ling, will deliver a pep talk to all
solicitors of the World University
Service Drive at a short meeting to
be held at Cubberley Auditorium to
night at 7:30.
The president's talk will be fol
lowed by short talks by Drive Chair
man Bill Crookston and a repre
sentative from the Los Angeles
World University Service office.
University President Wallace Ster
ling, will deliver a pep talk to all
solicitors of the World University
Service Drive at a short meeting to
be held at Cubberley Auditorium to
night at 7:30.
The president's talk will be fol
lowed by short talks by Drive Chair
man Bill Crookston and a repre
sentative from the Los Angeles
World University Service office.
University President Wallace Ster
ling, will deliver a pep talk to all
solicitors of the World University
Service Drive at a short meeting to
be held at Cubberley Auditorium to
night at 7:30.
The president's talk will be fol
lowed by short talks by Drive Chair
man Bill Crookston and a repre
sentative from the Los Angeles
World University Service office.
University President Wallace Ster
ling, will deliver a pep talk to all
solicitors of the World University
Service Drive at a short meeting to
be held at Cubberley Auditorium to
night at 7:30.
The president's talk will be fol
lowed by short talks by Drive Chair
man Bill Crookston and a repre
sentative from the Los Angeles
World University Service office.
University President Wallace Ster
ling, will deliver a pep talk to all
solicitors of the World University
Service Drive at a short meeting to
be held at Cubberley Auditorium to
night at 7:30.
The president's talk will be fol
lowed by short talks by Drive Chair
man Bill Crookston and a repre
sentative from the Los Angeles
World University Service office.
University President Wallace Ster
ling, will deliver a pep talk to all
solicitors of the World University
Service Drive at a short meeting to
be held at Cubberley Auditorium to
night at 7:30.
The president's talk will be fol
lowed by short talks by Drive Chair
man Bill Crookston and a repre
sentative from the Los Angeles
World University Service office.
University President Wallace Ster
ling, will deliver a pep talk to all
solicitors of the World University
Service Drive at a short meeting to
be held at Cubberley Auditorium to
night at 7:30.
The president's talk will be fol
lowed by short talks by Drive Chair
man Bill Crookston and a repre
sentative from the Los Angeles
World University Service office.
University President Wallace Ster
ling, will deliver a pep talk to all
solicitors of the World University
Service Drive at a short meeting to
be held at Cubberley Auditorium to
night at 7:30.
The president's talk will be fol
lowed by short talks by Drive Chair
man Bill Crookston and a repre
sentative from the Los Angeles
World University Service office.
University President Wallace Ster
ling, will deliver a pep talk to all
solicitors of the World University
Service Drive at a short meeting to
be held at Cubberley Auditorium to
night at 7:30.
The president's talk will be fol
lowed by short talks by Drive Chair
man Bill Crookston and a repre
sentative from the Los Angeles
World University Service office.
University President Wallace Ster
ling, will deliver a pep talk to all
solicitors of the World University
Service Drive at a short meeting to
be held at Cubberley Auditorium to
night at 7:30.
The president's talk will be fol
lowed by short talks by Drive Chair
man Bill Crookston and a repre
sentative from the Los Angeles
World University Service office.
University President Wallace Ster
ling, will deliver a pep talk to all
solicitors of the World University
Service Drive at a short meeting to
be held at Cubberley Auditorium to
night at 7:30.
The president's talk will be fol
lowed by short talks by Drive Chair
man Bill Crookston and a repre
sentative from the Los Angeles
World University Service office.
University President Wallace Ster
ling, will deliver a pep talk to all
solicitors of the World University
Service Drive at a short meeting to
be held at Cubberley Auditorium to
night at 7:30.
The president's talk will be fol
lowed by short talks by Drive Chair
man Bill Crookston and a repre
sentative from the Los Angeles
World University Service office.
University President Wallace Ster
ling, will deliver a pep talk to all
solicitors of the World University
Service Drive at a short meeting to
be held at Cubberley Auditorium to
night at 7:30.
The president's talk will be fol
lowed by short talks by Drive Chair
man Bill Crookston and a repre
sentative from the Los Angeles
World University Service office.
