# GUILD HOLDS MEETING.
## Listens to Reports of Committees and Fixes Regular Date for Meeting. 
### 
At a meeting of the Students'
Guild held yesterday at 4:30 the
reports of the auditing committee
and the committee on cases were
read and approved.
The auditing committee was ap
pointed to look over the accounts
of Dr. Snow, who had charge of the
hospital finances during the sum
mer. This committee brought in a
statement of the Guild's finances.
Including the assessment collected
for this semester the Guild has on
hand the sum of $3,740.37.
The committee on cases reported
that there have been eight cases
since the opening of the hospital
this semester. Seven of these were
students.
It was also decided that in the
future the meetings of the Guild
should beheld on the first Monday
after the first Friday of each
month.
R. W. Barrett, '04, left for San
Francisco to-day to secure the ser
vices of a third nurse for the hos
pital.
