# Dr. Gilbert Studying in the East.
## 
### 
Dr. Gilbert, of the Department of
Zoology, has been in Washington,
D. C., this summer, working for
the United States Fish Commis
sion. He intends to go to Cam
bridge, Massachusetts, this month
for the purpose of studying fishes
in ttie Agassiz Museum. Professor
Gilbert expects to return to Stan
ford the latter part of September.
Dr. Gilbert, of the Department of
Zoology, has been in Washington,
D. C., this summer, working for
the United States Fish Commis
sion. He intends to go to Cam
bridge, Massachusetts, this month
for the purpose of studying fishes
in ttie Agassiz Museum. Professor
Gilbert expects to return to Stan
ford the latter part of September.
Dr. Gilbert, of the Department of
Zoology, has been in Washington,
D. C., this summer, working for
the United States Fish Commis
sion. He intends to go to Cam
bridge, Massachusetts, this month
for the purpose of studying fishes
in ttie Agassiz Museum. Professor
Gilbert expects to return to Stan
ford the latter part of September.
Dr. Gilbert, of the Department of
Zoology, has been in Washington,
D. C., this summer, working for
the United States Fish Commis
sion. He intends to go to Cam
bridge, Massachusetts, this month
for the purpose of studying fishes
in ttie Agassiz Museum. Professor
Gilbert expects to return to Stan
ford the latter part of September.
Dr. Gilbert, of the Department of
Zoology, has been in Washington,
D. C., this summer, working for
the United States Fish Commis
sion. He intends to go to Cam
bridge, Massachusetts, this month
for the purpose of studying fishes
in ttie Agassiz Museum. Professor
Gilbert expects to return to Stan
ford the latter part of September.
Dr. Gilbert, of the Department of
Zoology, has been in Washington,
D. C., this summer, working for
the United States Fish Commis
sion. He intends to go to Cam
bridge, Massachusetts, this month
for the purpose of studying fishes
in ttie Agassiz Museum. Professor
Gilbert expects to return to Stan
ford the latter part of September.
Dr. Gilbert, of the Department of
Zoology, has been in Washington,
D. C., this summer, working for
the United States Fish Commis
sion. He intends to go to Cam
bridge, Massachusetts, this month
for the purpose of studying fishes
in ttie Agassiz Museum. Professor
Gilbert expects to return to Stan
ford the latter part of September.
Dr. Gilbert, of the Department of
Zoology, has been in Washington,
D. C., this summer, working for
the United States Fish Commis
sion. He intends to go to Cam
bridge, Massachusetts, this month
for the purpose of studying fishes
in ttie Agassiz Museum. Professor
Gilbert expects to return to Stan
ford the latter part of September.
