# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The V. M. ('. A. Hoard of Directors
extends heartiest thanks to those on
the campus who aided in entertaining
delegates at the Student Conference
held at Stanford Friday and Saturday.
The V. M. ('. A. Hoard of Directors
extends heartiest thanks to those on
the campus who aided in entertaining
delegates at the Student Conference
held at Stanford Friday and Saturday.
The V. M. ('. A. Hoard of Directors
extends heartiest thanks to those on
the campus who aided in entertaining
delegates at the Student Conference
held at Stanford Friday and Saturday.
The V. M. ('. A. Hoard of Directors
extends heartiest thanks to those on
the campus who aided in entertaining
delegates at the Student Conference
held at Stanford Friday and Saturday.
The V. M. ('. A. Hoard of Directors
extends heartiest thanks to those on
the campus who aided in entertaining
delegates at the Student Conference
held at Stanford Friday and Saturday.
The V. M. ('. A. Hoard of Directors
extends heartiest thanks to those on
the campus who aided in entertaining
delegates at the Student Conference
held at Stanford Friday and Saturday.
The V. M. ('. A. Hoard of Directors
extends heartiest thanks to those on
the campus who aided in entertaining
delegates at the Student Conference
held at Stanford Friday and Saturday.
The V. M. ('. A. Hoard of Directors
extends heartiest thanks to those on
the campus who aided in entertaining
delegates at the Student Conference
held at Stanford Friday and Saturday.
The V. M. ('. A. Hoard of Directors
extends heartiest thanks to those on
the campus who aided in entertaining
delegates at the Student Conference
held at Stanford Friday and Saturday.
The V. M. ('. A. Hoard of Directors
extends heartiest thanks to those on
the campus who aided in entertaining
delegates at the Student Conference
held at Stanford Friday and Saturday.
The V. M. ('. A. Hoard of Directors
extends heartiest thanks to those on
the campus who aided in entertaining
delegates at the Student Conference
held at Stanford Friday and Saturday.
The V. M. ('. A. Hoard of Directors
extends heartiest thanks to those on
the campus who aided in entertaining
delegates at the Student Conference
held at Stanford Friday and Saturday.
The V. M. ('. A. Hoard of Directors
extends heartiest thanks to those on
the campus who aided in entertaining
delegates at the Student Conference
held at Stanford Friday and Saturday.
The V. M. ('. A. Hoard of Directors
extends heartiest thanks to those on
the campus who aided in entertaining
delegates at the Student Conference
held at Stanford Friday and Saturday.
