# Tentative Football Appointments Made
## 
### 
Representatives from Stanford and
California made plans for the 1920
American football season and tenta
tive appointments of officials at a
meeting of the Pacific Football Asso
ciation, last Tuesday. No appoint
ments were made for the big game
to be played at Berkeley on Novem
ber 20, although several possibilities
were discussed. The final selection
will not be made until after the arrival
of Coach Walter Powell of Stanford.
Officials decided upon to officiate at
the other contests of the season, sub
ject to the approval of the northern
universitis are Braddock, Huebel, Kor
bel, and Humphries. These men refer
eed the -games last fall. Student
Manager W. I. Ames, and Dr. A. B.
Browne were the representatives from
Stanford at tho meeting.
