# Adv. 82 Page 30
## 
### 
hall is out to get me.
Mike, I hope you don't burn me too
badly. Perhaps you were right about
"Mouth." But we must stand up for
what we believe in. It's what makes
us individual so that then we have
unique tastes and end up with
beautih.il rooms decorated with lots
of interesting pictures and books
and candles, whereas others of us
can muster only black-and-white
"modern" posters and a bottle or
two of laundry detergent. P.S. Does
this mean I can't have any more
Cokes?
So, Cincinnatus, was it a date or
wasn't it?
Franky (J. sure looks sexy dressed
all in black.
Myrtle: Visit us! Move in with us!
Be our adopted child and new best
friend! Chain yourself to our
daughter and show her the error of
her ways! The Midwest awaits you
with baited breath! Love, Betsy and
Paul
No alcohol for Jesse.
To all the people I offended in the
last week: What can I say except
sorry? It's not malevolence, only
stupidity.
Advice by S.T.S.: Write a love note
to him, then tear it up, then vow to
