# Varsity Will Play St. Vincent's.
## 
### 
No definite baseball dates have been
made with St. Vincent's College as
yet, but Manager Stewart states that
at least one game is sure to be held
and that the Varsity will get its trip
to Los Angeles some time during the
season. This arrangement was as
sured by the recent visit to the camp
us of G. Stoney, who camp to secure
games for St. Vincent's, and who is to
write immediately concerning exact
dates.
No definite baseball dates have been
made with St. Vincent's College as
yet, but Manager Stewart states that
at least one game is sure to be held
and that the Varsity will get its trip
to Los Angeles some time during the
season. This arrangement was as
sured by the recent visit to the camp
us of G. Stoney, who camp to secure
games for St. Vincent's, and who is to
write immediately concerning exact
dates.
No definite baseball dates have been
made with St. Vincent's College as
yet, but Manager Stewart states that
at least one game is sure to be held
and that the Varsity will get its trip
to Los Angeles some time during the
season. This arrangement was as
sured by the recent visit to the camp
us of G. Stoney, who camp to secure
games for St. Vincent's, and who is to
write immediately concerning exact
dates.
No definite baseball dates have been
made with St. Vincent's College as
yet, but Manager Stewart states that
at least one game is sure to be held
and that the Varsity will get its trip
to Los Angeles some time during the
season. This arrangement was as
sured by the recent visit to the camp
us of G. Stoney, who camp to secure
games for St. Vincent's, and who is to
write immediately concerning exact
dates.
No definite baseball dates have been
made with St. Vincent's College as
yet, but Manager Stewart states that
at least one game is sure to be held
and that the Varsity will get its trip
to Los Angeles some time during the
season. This arrangement was as
sured by the recent visit to the camp
us of G. Stoney, who camp to secure
games for St. Vincent's, and who is to
write immediately concerning exact
dates.
No definite baseball dates have been
made with St. Vincent's College as
yet, but Manager Stewart states that
at least one game is sure to be held
and that the Varsity will get its trip
to Los Angeles some time during the
season. This arrangement was as
sured by the recent visit to the camp
us of G. Stoney, who camp to secure
games for St. Vincent's, and who is to
write immediately concerning exact
dates.
No definite baseball dates have been
made with St. Vincent's College as
yet, but Manager Stewart states that
at least one game is sure to be held
and that the Varsity will get its trip
to Los Angeles some time during the
season. This arrangement was as
sured by the recent visit to the camp
us of G. Stoney, who camp to secure
games for St. Vincent's, and who is to
write immediately concerning exact
dates.
No definite baseball dates have been
made with St. Vincent's College as
yet, but Manager Stewart states that
at least one game is sure to be held
and that the Varsity will get its trip
to Los Angeles some time during the
season. This arrangement was as
sured by the recent visit to the camp
us of G. Stoney, who camp to secure
games for St. Vincent's, and who is to
write immediately concerning exact
dates.
No definite baseball dates have been
made with St. Vincent's College as
yet, but Manager Stewart states that
at least one game is sure to be held
and that the Varsity will get its trip
to Los Angeles some time during the
season. This arrangement was as
sured by the recent visit to the camp
us of G. Stoney, who camp to secure
games for St. Vincent's, and who is to
write immediately concerning exact
dates.
No definite baseball dates have been
made with St. Vincent's College as
yet, but Manager Stewart states that
at least one game is sure to be held
and that the Varsity will get its trip
to Los Angeles some time during the
season. This arrangement was as
sured by the recent visit to the camp
us of G. Stoney, who camp to secure
games for St. Vincent's, and who is to
write immediately concerning exact
dates.
No definite baseball dates have been
made with St. Vincent's College as
yet, but Manager Stewart states that
at least one game is sure to be held
and that the Varsity will get its trip
to Los Angeles some time during the
season. This arrangement was as
sured by the recent visit to the camp
us of G. Stoney, who camp to secure
games for St. Vincent's, and who is to
write immediately concerning exact
dates.
