# Ice Gream Makers Re-elect Barritt
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 2(» (UP).—
Delegates to the International Asso
ciation ot Ice Cream Manufacturers
staited home tonight, after ending
their convention here. The ice cream
makers re-elected W. J. Barritt,
Tampa. Fin., president for the com
ing year.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 2(» (UP).—
Delegates to the International Asso
ciation ot Ice Cream Manufacturers
staited home tonight, after ending
their convention here. The ice cream
makers re-elected W. J. Barritt,
Tampa. Fin., president for the com
ing year.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 2(» (UP).—
Delegates to the International Asso
ciation ot Ice Cream Manufacturers
staited home tonight, after ending
their convention here. The ice cream
makers re-elected W. J. Barritt,
Tampa. Fin., president for the com
ing year.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 2(» (UP).—
Delegates to the International Asso
ciation ot Ice Cream Manufacturers
staited home tonight, after ending
their convention here. The ice cream
makers re-elected W. J. Barritt,
Tampa. Fin., president for the com
ing year.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 2(» (UP).—
Delegates to the International Asso
ciation ot Ice Cream Manufacturers
staited home tonight, after ending
their convention here. The ice cream
makers re-elected W. J. Barritt,
Tampa. Fin., president for the com
ing year.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 2(» (UP).—
Delegates to the International Asso
ciation ot Ice Cream Manufacturers
staited home tonight, after ending
their convention here. The ice cream
makers re-elected W. J. Barritt,
Tampa. Fin., president for the com
ing year.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 2(» (UP).—
Delegates to the International Asso
ciation ot Ice Cream Manufacturers
staited home tonight, after ending
their convention here. The ice cream
makers re-elected W. J. Barritt,
Tampa. Fin., president for the com
ing year.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 2(» (UP).—
Delegates to the International Asso
ciation ot Ice Cream Manufacturers
staited home tonight, after ending
their convention here. The ice cream
makers re-elected W. J. Barritt,
Tampa. Fin., president for the com
ing year.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 2(» (UP).—
Delegates to the International Asso
ciation ot Ice Cream Manufacturers
staited home tonight, after ending
their convention here. The ice cream
makers re-elected W. J. Barritt,
Tampa. Fin., president for the com
ing year.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 2(» (UP).—
Delegates to the International Asso
ciation ot Ice Cream Manufacturers
staited home tonight, after ending
their convention here. The ice cream
makers re-elected W. J. Barritt,
Tampa. Fin., president for the com
ing year.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 2(» (UP).—
Delegates to the International Asso
ciation ot Ice Cream Manufacturers
staited home tonight, after ending
their convention here. The ice cream
makers re-elected W. J. Barritt,
Tampa. Fin., president for the com
ing year.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 2(» (UP).—
Delegates to the International Asso
ciation ot Ice Cream Manufacturers
staited home tonight, after ending
their convention here. The ice cream
makers re-elected W. J. Barritt,
Tampa. Fin., president for the com
ing year.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 2(» (UP).—
Delegates to the International Asso
ciation ot Ice Cream Manufacturers
staited home tonight, after ending
their convention here. The ice cream
makers re-elected W. J. Barritt,
Tampa. Fin., president for the com
ing year.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 2(» (UP).—
Delegates to the International Asso
ciation ot Ice Cream Manufacturers
staited home tonight, after ending
their convention here. The ice cream
makers re-elected W. J. Barritt,
Tampa. Fin., president for the com
ing year.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 2(» (UP).—
Delegates to the International Asso
ciation ot Ice Cream Manufacturers
staited home tonight, after ending
their convention here. The ice cream
makers re-elected W. J. Barritt,
Tampa. Fin., president for the com
ing year.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 2(» (UP).—
Delegates to the International Asso
ciation ot Ice Cream Manufacturers
staited home tonight, after ending
their convention here. The ice cream
makers re-elected W. J. Barritt,
Tampa. Fin., president for the com
ing year.
