# Frosh Soccermen To Play Poly High
## 
### 
Stanford's Ireshman soccer team
will meet Polytechnic High School of
San Francisco at 10 o'clock tomor
row. The game will be held on the
varsity playing field unless a pos
sible varsity-U.C.L.A. tilt is played,
in which case the frosh will play on
their own field west of the football
stadium.
Coach Tevfik Sadullah said that
despite last Tuesday's loss to Menlo
J.C.. he thinks his men will take
Poly. The frosh have a game with
Pescadero High some time in the
near future.
Probable starting line-up for
Stanford: Crary, goalie; Elliott and
Eaton, fullbacks; Grannis, Berry,
and Bryan, halfbacks; Park, Alvord,
Spencer, Davalos, and Richards,
forwards. Blake, Curley, KofTer,
Aldman, Chapot, Trent, Van Vleet,
Hit;;f, Randall, and Struthers will
p. nimbly see action as substitutes.
Stanford's Ireshman soccer team
will meet Polytechnic High School of
San Francisco at 10 o'clock tomor
row. The game will be held on the
varsity playing field unless a pos
sible varsity-U.C.L.A. tilt is played,
in which case the frosh will play on
their own field west of the football
stadium.
Coach Tevfik Sadullah said that
despite last Tuesday's loss to Menlo
J.C.. he thinks his men will take
Poly. The frosh have a game with
Pescadero High some time in the
near future.
Probable starting line-up for
Stanford: Crary, goalie; Elliott and
Eaton, fullbacks; Grannis, Berry,
and Bryan, halfbacks; Park, Alvord,
Spencer, Davalos, and Richards,
forwards. Blake, Curley, KofTer,
Aldman, Chapot, Trent, Van Vleet,
Hit;;f, Randall, and Struthers will
p. nimbly see action as substitutes.
Stanford's Ireshman soccer team
will meet Polytechnic High School of
San Francisco at 10 o'clock tomor
row. The game will be held on the
varsity playing field unless a pos
sible varsity-U.C.L.A. tilt is played,
in which case the frosh will play on
their own field west of the football
stadium.
Coach Tevfik Sadullah said that
despite last Tuesday's loss to Menlo
J.C.. he thinks his men will take
Poly. The frosh have a game with
Pescadero High some time in the
near future.
Probable starting line-up for
Stanford: Crary, goalie; Elliott and
Eaton, fullbacks; Grannis, Berry,
and Bryan, halfbacks; Park, Alvord,
Spencer, Davalos, and Richards,
forwards. Blake, Curley, KofTer,
Aldman, Chapot, Trent, Van Vleet,
Hit;;f, Randall, and Struthers will
p. nimbly see action as substitutes.
Stanford's Ireshman soccer team
will meet Polytechnic High School of
San Francisco at 10 o'clock tomor
row. The game will be held on the
varsity playing field unless a pos
sible varsity-U.C.L.A. tilt is played,
in which case the frosh will play on
their own field west of the football
stadium.
Coach Tevfik Sadullah said that
despite last Tuesday's loss to Menlo
J.C.. he thinks his men will take
Poly. The frosh have a game with
Pescadero High some time in the
near future.
Probable starting line-up for
Stanford: Crary, goalie; Elliott and
Eaton, fullbacks; Grannis, Berry,
and Bryan, halfbacks; Park, Alvord,
Spencer, Davalos, and Richards,
forwards. Blake, Curley, KofTer,
Aldman, Chapot, Trent, Van Vleet,
Hit;;f, Randall, and Struthers will
p. nimbly see action as substitutes.
Stanford's Ireshman soccer team
will meet Polytechnic High School of
San Francisco at 10 o'clock tomor
row. The game will be held on the
varsity playing field unless a pos
sible varsity-U.C.L.A. tilt is played,
in which case the frosh will play on
their own field west of the football
stadium.
Coach Tevfik Sadullah said that
despite last Tuesday's loss to Menlo
J.C.. he thinks his men will take
Poly. The frosh have a game with
Pescadero High some time in the
near future.
Probable starting line-up for
Stanford: Crary, goalie; Elliott and
Eaton, fullbacks; Grannis, Berry,
and Bryan, halfbacks; Park, Alvord,
Spencer, Davalos, and Richards,
forwards. Blake, Curley, KofTer,
Aldman, Chapot, Trent, Van Vleet,
Hit;;f, Randall, and Struthers will
p. nimbly see action as substitutes.
Stanford's Ireshman soccer team
will meet Polytechnic High School of
San Francisco at 10 o'clock tomor
row. The game will be held on the
varsity playing field unless a pos
sible varsity-U.C.L.A. tilt is played,
in which case the frosh will play on
their own field west of the football
stadium.
Coach Tevfik Sadullah said that
despite last Tuesday's loss to Menlo
J.C.. he thinks his men will take
Poly. The frosh have a game with
Pescadero High some time in the
near future.
Probable starting line-up for
Stanford: Crary, goalie; Elliott and
Eaton, fullbacks; Grannis, Berry,
and Bryan, halfbacks; Park, Alvord,
Spencer, Davalos, and Richards,
forwards. Blake, Curley, KofTer,
Aldman, Chapot, Trent, Van Vleet,
Hit;;f, Randall, and Struthers will
p. nimbly see action as substitutes.
Stanford's Ireshman soccer team
will meet Polytechnic High School of
San Francisco at 10 o'clock tomor
row. The game will be held on the
varsity playing field unless a pos
sible varsity-U.C.L.A. tilt is played,
in which case the frosh will play on
their own field west of the football
stadium.
Coach Tevfik Sadullah said that
despite last Tuesday's loss to Menlo
J.C.. he thinks his men will take
Poly. The frosh have a game with
Pescadero High some time in the
near future.
Probable starting line-up for
Stanford: Crary, goalie; Elliott and
Eaton, fullbacks; Grannis, Berry,
and Bryan, halfbacks; Park, Alvord,
Spencer, Davalos, and Richards,
forwards. Blake, Curley, KofTer,
Aldman, Chapot, Trent, Van Vleet,
Hit;;f, Randall, and Struthers will
p. nimbly see action as substitutes.
Stanford's Ireshman soccer team
will meet Polytechnic High School of
San Francisco at 10 o'clock tomor
row. The game will be held on the
varsity playing field unless a pos
sible varsity-U.C.L.A. tilt is played,
in which case the frosh will play on
their own field west of the football
stadium.
Coach Tevfik Sadullah said that
despite last Tuesday's loss to Menlo
J.C.. he thinks his men will take
Poly. The frosh have a game with
Pescadero High some time in the
near future.
Probable starting line-up for
Stanford: Crary, goalie; Elliott and
Eaton, fullbacks; Grannis, Berry,
and Bryan, halfbacks; Park, Alvord,
Spencer, Davalos, and Richards,
forwards. Blake, Curley, KofTer,
Aldman, Chapot, Trent, Van Vleet,
Hit;;f, Randall, and Struthers will
p. nimbly see action as substitutes.
Stanford's Ireshman soccer team
will meet Polytechnic High School of
San Francisco at 10 o'clock tomor
row. The game will be held on the
varsity playing field unless a pos
sible varsity-U.C.L.A. tilt is played,
in which case the frosh will play on
their own field west of the football
stadium.
Coach Tevfik Sadullah said that
despite last Tuesday's loss to Menlo
J.C.. he thinks his men will take
Poly. The frosh have a game with
Pescadero High some time in the
near future.
Probable starting line-up for
Stanford: Crary, goalie; Elliott and
Eaton, fullbacks; Grannis, Berry,
and Bryan, halfbacks; Park, Alvord,
Spencer, Davalos, and Richards,
forwards. Blake, Curley, KofTer,
Aldman, Chapot, Trent, Van Vleet,
Hit;;f, Randall, and Struthers will
p. nimbly see action as substitutes.
Stanford's Ireshman soccer team
will meet Polytechnic High School of
San Francisco at 10 o'clock tomor
row. The game will be held on the
varsity playing field unless a pos
sible varsity-U.C.L.A. tilt is played,
in which case the frosh will play on
their own field west of the football
stadium.
Coach Tevfik Sadullah said that
despite last Tuesday's loss to Menlo
J.C.. he thinks his men will take
Poly. The frosh have a game with
Pescadero High some time in the
near future.
Probable starting line-up for
Stanford: Crary, goalie; Elliott and
Eaton, fullbacks; Grannis, Berry,
and Bryan, halfbacks; Park, Alvord,
Spencer, Davalos, and Richards,
forwards. Blake, Curley, KofTer,
Aldman, Chapot, Trent, Van Vleet,
Hit;;f, Randall, and Struthers will
p. nimbly see action as substitutes.
Stanford's Ireshman soccer team
will meet Polytechnic High School of
San Francisco at 10 o'clock tomor
row. The game will be held on the
varsity playing field unless a pos
sible varsity-U.C.L.A. tilt is played,
in which case the frosh will play on
their own field west of the football
stadium.
Coach Tevfik Sadullah said that
despite last Tuesday's loss to Menlo
J.C.. he thinks his men will take
Poly. The frosh have a game with
Pescadero High some time in the
near future.
Probable starting line-up for
Stanford: Crary, goalie; Elliott and
Eaton, fullbacks; Grannis, Berry,
and Bryan, halfbacks; Park, Alvord,
Spencer, Davalos, and Richards,
forwards. Blake, Curley, KofTer,
Aldman, Chapot, Trent, Van Vleet,
Hit;;f, Randall, and Struthers will
p. nimbly see action as substitutes.
Stanford's Ireshman soccer team
will meet Polytechnic High School of
San Francisco at 10 o'clock tomor
row. The game will be held on the
varsity playing field unless a pos
sible varsity-U.C.L.A. tilt is played,
in which case the frosh will play on
their own field west of the football
stadium.
Coach Tevfik Sadullah said that
despite last Tuesday's loss to Menlo
J.C.. he thinks his men will take
Poly. The frosh have a game with
Pescadero High some time in the
near future.
Probable starting line-up for
Stanford: Crary, goalie; Elliott and
Eaton, fullbacks; Grannis, Berry,
and Bryan, halfbacks; Park, Alvord,
Spencer, Davalos, and Richards,
forwards. Blake, Curley, KofTer,
Aldman, Chapot, Trent, Van Vleet,
Hit;;f, Randall, and Struthers will
p. nimbly see action as substitutes.
Stanford's Ireshman soccer team
will meet Polytechnic High School of
San Francisco at 10 o'clock tomor
row. The game will be held on the
varsity playing field unless a pos
sible varsity-U.C.L.A. tilt is played,
in which case the frosh will play on
their own field west of the football
stadium.
Coach Tevfik Sadullah said that
despite last Tuesday's loss to Menlo
J.C.. he thinks his men will take
Poly. The frosh have a game with
Pescadero High some time in the
near future.
Probable starting line-up for
Stanford: Crary, goalie; Elliott and
Eaton, fullbacks; Grannis, Berry,
and Bryan, halfbacks; Park, Alvord,
Spencer, Davalos, and Richards,
forwards. Blake, Curley, KofTer,
Aldman, Chapot, Trent, Van Vleet,
Hit;;f, Randall, and Struthers will
p. nimbly see action as substitutes.
Stanford's Ireshman soccer team
will meet Polytechnic High School of
San Francisco at 10 o'clock tomor
row. The game will be held on the
varsity playing field unless a pos
sible varsity-U.C.L.A. tilt is played,
in which case the frosh will play on
their own field west of the football
stadium.
Coach Tevfik Sadullah said that
despite last Tuesday's loss to Menlo
J.C.. he thinks his men will take
Poly. The frosh have a game with
Pescadero High some time in the
near future.
Probable starting line-up for
Stanford: Crary, goalie; Elliott and
Eaton, fullbacks; Grannis, Berry,
and Bryan, halfbacks; Park, Alvord,
Spencer, Davalos, and Richards,
forwards. Blake, Curley, KofTer,
Aldman, Chapot, Trent, Van Vleet,
Hit;;f, Randall, and Struthers will
p. nimbly see action as substitutes.
Stanford's Ireshman soccer team
will meet Polytechnic High School of
San Francisco at 10 o'clock tomor
row. The game will be held on the
varsity playing field unless a pos
sible varsity-U.C.L.A. tilt is played,
in which case the frosh will play on
their own field west of the football
stadium.
Coach Tevfik Sadullah said that
despite last Tuesday's loss to Menlo
J.C.. he thinks his men will take
Poly. The frosh have a game with
Pescadero High some time in the
near future.
Probable starting line-up for
Stanford: Crary, goalie; Elliott and
Eaton, fullbacks; Grannis, Berry,
and Bryan, halfbacks; Park, Alvord,
Spencer, Davalos, and Richards,
forwards. Blake, Curley, KofTer,
Aldman, Chapot, Trent, Van Vleet,
Hit;;f, Randall, and Struthers will
p. nimbly see action as substitutes.
Stanford's Ireshman soccer team
will meet Polytechnic High School of
San Francisco at 10 o'clock tomor
row. The game will be held on the
varsity playing field unless a pos
sible varsity-U.C.L.A. tilt is played,
in which case the frosh will play on
their own field west of the football
stadium.
Coach Tevfik Sadullah said that
despite last Tuesday's loss to Menlo
J.C.. he thinks his men will take
Poly. The frosh have a game with
Pescadero High some time in the
near future.
Probable starting line-up for
Stanford: Crary, goalie; Elliott and
Eaton, fullbacks; Grannis, Berry,
and Bryan, halfbacks; Park, Alvord,
Spencer, Davalos, and Richards,
forwards. Blake, Curley, KofTer,
Aldman, Chapot, Trent, Van Vleet,
Hit;;f, Randall, and Struthers will
p. nimbly see action as substitutes.
