# Switching roles
## Undergrad TAs face special challenges 
### Paul Yee 
In between writing their own term
papers and completing required readings,
some Stanford undergraduates have to pre
pare lectures, grade papers and hold weekly
office hours.
Sophomore Steve Friedland was only a
freshman when he became a section leader
for Computer Science 106 A. After complet
ing Computer Sciencelo6X in his first
quarter at Stanford, he joined the computer
science department the next quarter.
Former computer science section leader

coordinator Gretchen Purcell, who inter
viewed Friedland for the job, said he pos
sessed all the qualities of a good section
leader and was also "enthusiastic and ener
getic."
"We hire a lot of people who are young,"
she said. Possessing maturity, a sense of
responsibility and knowledge of some com
ponents of teaching is more important than
age, she added.
Friedland said one of his initial fears was
how the class would receive him. He
