# INSIDE
## 
### 
Power Ball
The baseball team sweeps
three games from USC over
the weekend.
See Sports Monday, page 6

Hang Tough
U.S. military planes drop
food and supplies to
Kurdish refugees in Iraq.
See World & Nation, page 3

Breakthrough and ...
Women's tennis conquers
the Trojans and edges the
Bruins.
See Sports Monday, page 7

Power Ball
The baseball team sweeps
three games from USC over
the weekend.
See Sports Monday, page 6

Hang Tough
U.S. military planes drop
food and supplies to
Kurdish refugees in Iraq.
See World & Nation, page 3

Breakthrough and ...
Women's tennis conquers
the Trojans and edges the
Bruins.
See Sports Monday, page 7

Power Ball
The baseball team sweeps
three games from USC over
the weekend.
See Sports Monday, page 6

Hang Tough
U.S. military planes drop
food and supplies to
Kurdish refugees in Iraq.
See World & Nation, page 3

Breakthrough and ...
Women's tennis conquers
the Trojans and edges the
Bruins.
See Sports Monday, page 7

Power Ball
The baseball team sweeps
three games from USC over
the weekend.
See Sports Monday, page 6

Hang Tough
U.S. military planes drop
food and supplies to
Kurdish refugees in Iraq.
See World & Nation, page 3

Breakthrough and ...
Women's tennis conquers
the Trojans and edges the
Bruins.
See Sports Monday, page 7

Power Ball
The baseball team sweeps
three games from USC over
the weekend.
See Sports Monday, page 6

Hang Tough
U.S. military planes drop
food and supplies to
Kurdish refugees in Iraq.
See World & Nation, page 3

Breakthrough and ...
Women's tennis conquers
the Trojans and edges the
Bruins.
See Sports Monday, page 7

Power Ball
The baseball team sweeps
three games from USC over
the weekend.
See Sports Monday, page 6

Hang Tough
U.S. military planes drop
food and supplies to
Kurdish refugees in Iraq.
See World & Nation, page 3

Breakthrough and ...
Women's tennis conquers
the Trojans and edges the
Bruins.
See Sports Monday, page 7

Power Ball
The baseball team sweeps
three games from USC over
the weekend.
See Sports Monday, page 6

Hang Tough
U.S. military planes drop
food and supplies to
Kurdish refugees in Iraq.
See World & Nation, page 3

Breakthrough and ...
Women's tennis conquers
the Trojans and edges the
Bruins.
See Sports Monday, page 7

