# The 						Pasmores.
## 
### 
Where the three Pasmore child
ren, Mary, Sußan, and Dorothy,
excel in music is in their ensemble
work. Perfect work of this kind
comeß only after years of practice
together. No group of artists, no
matter how great, can come together
and play in ensemble correctly.
Owing to their perfect knowledge of
each other's perculiarities and
abilities, the three children have
mastered the fine points of ensem
ble work. Mary plays the violin,
Dorothy the cello, and Susan the
piano.
Where the three Pasmore child
ren, Mary, Sußan, and Dorothy,
excel in music is in their ensemble
work. Perfect work of this kind
comeß only after years of practice
together. No group of artists, no
matter how great, can come together
and play in ensemble correctly.
Owing to their perfect knowledge of
each other's perculiarities and
abilities, the three children have
mastered the fine points of ensem
ble work. Mary plays the violin,
Dorothy the cello, and Susan the
piano.
Where the three Pasmore child
ren, Mary, Sußan, and Dorothy,
excel in music is in their ensemble
work. Perfect work of this kind
comeß only after years of practice
together. No group of artists, no
matter how great, can come together
and play in ensemble correctly.
Owing to their perfect knowledge of
each other's perculiarities and
abilities, the three children have
mastered the fine points of ensem
ble work. Mary plays the violin,
Dorothy the cello, and Susan the
piano.
Where the three Pasmore child
ren, Mary, Sußan, and Dorothy,
excel in music is in their ensemble
work. Perfect work of this kind
comeß only after years of practice
together. No group of artists, no
matter how great, can come together
and play in ensemble correctly.
Owing to their perfect knowledge of
each other's perculiarities and
abilities, the three children have
mastered the fine points of ensem
ble work. Mary plays the violin,
Dorothy the cello, and Susan the
piano.
Where the three Pasmore child
ren, Mary, Sußan, and Dorothy,
excel in music is in their ensemble
work. Perfect work of this kind
comeß only after years of practice
together. No group of artists, no
matter how great, can come together
and play in ensemble correctly.
Owing to their perfect knowledge of
each other's perculiarities and
abilities, the three children have
mastered the fine points of ensem
ble work. Mary plays the violin,
Dorothy the cello, and Susan the
piano.
Where the three Pasmore child
ren, Mary, Sußan, and Dorothy,
excel in music is in their ensemble
work. Perfect work of this kind
comeß only after years of practice
together. No group of artists, no
matter how great, can come together
and play in ensemble correctly.
Owing to their perfect knowledge of
each other's perculiarities and
abilities, the three children have
mastered the fine points of ensem
ble work. Mary plays the violin,
Dorothy the cello, and Susan the
piano.
Where the three Pasmore child
ren, Mary, Sußan, and Dorothy,
excel in music is in their ensemble
work. Perfect work of this kind
comeß only after years of practice
together. No group of artists, no
matter how great, can come together
and play in ensemble correctly.
Owing to their perfect knowledge of
each other's perculiarities and
abilities, the three children have
mastered the fine points of ensem
ble work. Mary plays the violin,
Dorothy the cello, and Susan the
piano.
Where the three Pasmore child
ren, Mary, Sußan, and Dorothy,
excel in music is in their ensemble
work. Perfect work of this kind
comeß only after years of practice
together. No group of artists, no
matter how great, can come together
and play in ensemble correctly.
Owing to their perfect knowledge of
each other's perculiarities and
abilities, the three children have
mastered the fine points of ensem
ble work. Mary plays the violin,
Dorothy the cello, and Susan the
piano.
