# Hostel to Discuss Planned Universe; Sign-ups Close
## 
### 
The ASSU office will close I
sign ups for this weekend's Stan
ford Hostel, "The Universe: Plan
ned or Unplanned?" at 1 p.m. to
day. By yesterday afternoon, 12
of the 20 openings had been
filled.
Stanford Hostels, designed to
allow all students — freshmen
through graduates—to take ad
vantage of a weekend away from
the campus, are weekend excur
sions to Jones Gulch Camp in the
Santa Cruz Mountains.
The purpose of the hostels, ac
cording to Judy Vollmar, Hostel
Committee secretary, is to let
students and faculty members
share ideas informally outside
the classroom.
A car caravan will leave Bow
man Alumni House at 4:15 p.m.
Friday and will return to campus
early Sunday afternoon. Students
with classes lasting until after
4:15 p.m. Friday should so indi
cate when signing up, Miss Voll
mar said.
The ASSU office will close I
sign ups for this weekend's Stan
ford Hostel, "The Universe: Plan
ned or Unplanned?" at 1 p.m. to
day. By yesterday afternoon, 12
of the 20 openings had been
filled.
Stanford Hostels, designed to
allow all students — freshmen
through graduates—to take ad
vantage of a weekend away from
the campus, are weekend excur
sions to Jones Gulch Camp in the
Santa Cruz Mountains.
The purpose of the hostels, ac
cording to Judy Vollmar, Hostel
Committee secretary, is to let
students and faculty members
share ideas informally outside
the classroom.
A car caravan will leave Bow
man Alumni House at 4:15 p.m.
Friday and will return to campus
early Sunday afternoon. Students
with classes lasting until after
4:15 p.m. Friday should so indi
cate when signing up, Miss Voll
mar said.
The ASSU office will close I
sign ups for this weekend's Stan
ford Hostel, "The Universe: Plan
ned or Unplanned?" at 1 p.m. to
day. By yesterday afternoon, 12
of the 20 openings had been
filled.
Stanford Hostels, designed to
allow all students — freshmen
through graduates—to take ad
vantage of a weekend away from
the campus, are weekend excur
sions to Jones Gulch Camp in the
Santa Cruz Mountains.
The purpose of the hostels, ac
cording to Judy Vollmar, Hostel
Committee secretary, is to let
students and faculty members
share ideas informally outside
the classroom.
A car caravan will leave Bow
man Alumni House at 4:15 p.m.
Friday and will return to campus
early Sunday afternoon. Students
with classes lasting until after
4:15 p.m. Friday should so indi
cate when signing up, Miss Voll
mar said.
The ASSU office will close I
sign ups for this weekend's Stan
ford Hostel, "The Universe: Plan
ned or Unplanned?" at 1 p.m. to
day. By yesterday afternoon, 12
of the 20 openings had been
filled.
Stanford Hostels, designed to
allow all students — freshmen
through graduates—to take ad
vantage of a weekend away from
the campus, are weekend excur
sions to Jones Gulch Camp in the
Santa Cruz Mountains.
The purpose of the hostels, ac
cording to Judy Vollmar, Hostel
Committee secretary, is to let
students and faculty members
share ideas informally outside
the classroom.
A car caravan will leave Bow
man Alumni House at 4:15 p.m.
Friday and will return to campus
early Sunday afternoon. Students
with classes lasting until after
4:15 p.m. Friday should so indi
cate when signing up, Miss Voll
mar said.
The ASSU office will close I
sign ups for this weekend's Stan
ford Hostel, "The Universe: Plan
ned or Unplanned?" at 1 p.m. to
day. By yesterday afternoon, 12
of the 20 openings had been
filled.
Stanford Hostels, designed to
allow all students — freshmen
through graduates—to take ad
vantage of a weekend away from
the campus, are weekend excur
sions to Jones Gulch Camp in the
Santa Cruz Mountains.
The purpose of the hostels, ac
cording to Judy Vollmar, Hostel
Committee secretary, is to let
students and faculty members
share ideas informally outside
the classroom.
A car caravan will leave Bow
man Alumni House at 4:15 p.m.
Friday and will return to campus
early Sunday afternoon. Students
with classes lasting until after
4:15 p.m. Friday should so indi
cate when signing up, Miss Voll
mar said.
The ASSU office will close I
sign ups for this weekend's Stan
ford Hostel, "The Universe: Plan
ned or Unplanned?" at 1 p.m. to
day. By yesterday afternoon, 12
of the 20 openings had been
filled.
Stanford Hostels, designed to
allow all students — freshmen
through graduates—to take ad
vantage of a weekend away from
the campus, are weekend excur
sions to Jones Gulch Camp in the
Santa Cruz Mountains.
The purpose of the hostels, ac
cording to Judy Vollmar, Hostel
Committee secretary, is to let
students and faculty members
share ideas informally outside
the classroom.
A car caravan will leave Bow
man Alumni House at 4:15 p.m.
Friday and will return to campus
early Sunday afternoon. Students
with classes lasting until after
4:15 p.m. Friday should so indi
cate when signing up, Miss Voll
mar said.
The ASSU office will close I
sign ups for this weekend's Stan
ford Hostel, "The Universe: Plan
ned or Unplanned?" at 1 p.m. to
day. By yesterday afternoon, 12
of the 20 openings had been
filled.
Stanford Hostels, designed to
allow all students — freshmen
through graduates—to take ad
vantage of a weekend away from
the campus, are weekend excur
sions to Jones Gulch Camp in the
Santa Cruz Mountains.
The purpose of the hostels, ac
cording to Judy Vollmar, Hostel
Committee secretary, is to let
students and faculty members
share ideas informally outside
the classroom.
A car caravan will leave Bow
man Alumni House at 4:15 p.m.
Friday and will return to campus
early Sunday afternoon. Students
with classes lasting until after
4:15 p.m. Friday should so indi
cate when signing up, Miss Voll
mar said.
The ASSU office will close I
sign ups for this weekend's Stan
ford Hostel, "The Universe: Plan
ned or Unplanned?" at 1 p.m. to
day. By yesterday afternoon, 12
of the 20 openings had been
filled.
Stanford Hostels, designed to
allow all students — freshmen
through graduates—to take ad
vantage of a weekend away from
the campus, are weekend excur
sions to Jones Gulch Camp in the
Santa Cruz Mountains.
The purpose of the hostels, ac
cording to Judy Vollmar, Hostel
Committee secretary, is to let
students and faculty members
share ideas informally outside
the classroom.
A car caravan will leave Bow
man Alumni House at 4:15 p.m.
Friday and will return to campus
early Sunday afternoon. Students
with classes lasting until after
4:15 p.m. Friday should so indi
cate when signing up, Miss Voll
mar said.
The ASSU office will close I
sign ups for this weekend's Stan
ford Hostel, "The Universe: Plan
ned or Unplanned?" at 1 p.m. to
day. By yesterday afternoon, 12
of the 20 openings had been
filled.
Stanford Hostels, designed to
allow all students — freshmen
through graduates—to take ad
vantage of a weekend away from
the campus, are weekend excur
sions to Jones Gulch Camp in the
Santa Cruz Mountains.
The purpose of the hostels, ac
cording to Judy Vollmar, Hostel
Committee secretary, is to let
students and faculty members
share ideas informally outside
the classroom.
A car caravan will leave Bow
man Alumni House at 4:15 p.m.
Friday and will return to campus
early Sunday afternoon. Students
with classes lasting until after
4:15 p.m. Friday should so indi
cate when signing up, Miss Voll
mar said.
The ASSU office will close I
sign ups for this weekend's Stan
ford Hostel, "The Universe: Plan
ned or Unplanned?" at 1 p.m. to
day. By yesterday afternoon, 12
of the 20 openings had been
filled.
Stanford Hostels, designed to
allow all students — freshmen
through graduates—to take ad
vantage of a weekend away from
the campus, are weekend excur
sions to Jones Gulch Camp in the
Santa Cruz Mountains.
The purpose of the hostels, ac
cording to Judy Vollmar, Hostel
Committee secretary, is to let
students and faculty members
share ideas informally outside
the classroom.
A car caravan will leave Bow
man Alumni House at 4:15 p.m.
Friday and will return to campus
early Sunday afternoon. Students
with classes lasting until after
4:15 p.m. Friday should so indi
cate when signing up, Miss Voll
mar said.
The ASSU office will close I
sign ups for this weekend's Stan
ford Hostel, "The Universe: Plan
ned or Unplanned?" at 1 p.m. to
day. By yesterday afternoon, 12
of the 20 openings had been
filled.
Stanford Hostels, designed to
allow all students — freshmen
through graduates—to take ad
vantage of a weekend away from
the campus, are weekend excur
sions to Jones Gulch Camp in the
Santa Cruz Mountains.
The purpose of the hostels, ac
cording to Judy Vollmar, Hostel
Committee secretary, is to let
students and faculty members
share ideas informally outside
the classroom.
A car caravan will leave Bow
man Alumni House at 4:15 p.m.
Friday and will return to campus
early Sunday afternoon. Students
with classes lasting until after
4:15 p.m. Friday should so indi
cate when signing up, Miss Voll
mar said.
The ASSU office will close I
sign ups for this weekend's Stan
ford Hostel, "The Universe: Plan
ned or Unplanned?" at 1 p.m. to
day. By yesterday afternoon, 12
of the 20 openings had been
filled.
Stanford Hostels, designed to
allow all students — freshmen
through graduates—to take ad
vantage of a weekend away from
the campus, are weekend excur
sions to Jones Gulch Camp in the
Santa Cruz Mountains.
The purpose of the hostels, ac
cording to Judy Vollmar, Hostel
Committee secretary, is to let
students and faculty members
share ideas informally outside
the classroom.
A car caravan will leave Bow
man Alumni House at 4:15 p.m.
Friday and will return to campus
early Sunday afternoon. Students
with classes lasting until after
4:15 p.m. Friday should so indi
cate when signing up, Miss Voll
mar said.
The ASSU office will close I
sign ups for this weekend's Stan
ford Hostel, "The Universe: Plan
ned or Unplanned?" at 1 p.m. to
day. By yesterday afternoon, 12
of the 20 openings had been
filled.
Stanford Hostels, designed to
allow all students — freshmen
through graduates—to take ad
vantage of a weekend away from
the campus, are weekend excur
sions to Jones Gulch Camp in the
Santa Cruz Mountains.
The purpose of the hostels, ac
cording to Judy Vollmar, Hostel
Committee secretary, is to let
students and faculty members
share ideas informally outside
the classroom.
A car caravan will leave Bow
man Alumni House at 4:15 p.m.
Friday and will return to campus
early Sunday afternoon. Students
with classes lasting until after
4:15 p.m. Friday should so indi
cate when signing up, Miss Voll
mar said.
The ASSU office will close I
sign ups for this weekend's Stan
ford Hostel, "The Universe: Plan
ned or Unplanned?" at 1 p.m. to
day. By yesterday afternoon, 12
of the 20 openings had been
filled.
Stanford Hostels, designed to
allow all students — freshmen
through graduates—to take ad
vantage of a weekend away from
the campus, are weekend excur
sions to Jones Gulch Camp in the
Santa Cruz Mountains.
The purpose of the hostels, ac
cording to Judy Vollmar, Hostel
Committee secretary, is to let
students and faculty members
share ideas informally outside
the classroom.
A car caravan will leave Bow
man Alumni House at 4:15 p.m.
Friday and will return to campus
early Sunday afternoon. Students
with classes lasting until after
4:15 p.m. Friday should so indi
cate when signing up, Miss Voll
mar said.
The ASSU office will close I
sign ups for this weekend's Stan
ford Hostel, "The Universe: Plan
ned or Unplanned?" at 1 p.m. to
day. By yesterday afternoon, 12
of the 20 openings had been
filled.
Stanford Hostels, designed to
allow all students — freshmen
through graduates—to take ad
vantage of a weekend away from
the campus, are weekend excur
sions to Jones Gulch Camp in the
Santa Cruz Mountains.
The purpose of the hostels, ac
cording to Judy Vollmar, Hostel
Committee secretary, is to let
students and faculty members
share ideas informally outside
the classroom.
A car caravan will leave Bow
man Alumni House at 4:15 p.m.
Friday and will return to campus
early Sunday afternoon. Students
with classes lasting until after
4:15 p.m. Friday should so indi
cate when signing up, Miss Voll
mar said.
The ASSU office will close I
sign ups for this weekend's Stan
ford Hostel, "The Universe: Plan
ned or Unplanned?" at 1 p.m. to
day. By yesterday afternoon, 12
of the 20 openings had been
filled.
Stanford Hostels, designed to
allow all students — freshmen
through graduates—to take ad
vantage of a weekend away from
the campus, are weekend excur
sions to Jones Gulch Camp in the
Santa Cruz Mountains.
The purpose of the hostels, ac
cording to Judy Vollmar, Hostel
Committee secretary, is to let
students and faculty members
share ideas informally outside
the classroom.
A car caravan will leave Bow
man Alumni House at 4:15 p.m.
Friday and will return to campus
early Sunday afternoon. Students
with classes lasting until after
4:15 p.m. Friday should so indi
cate when signing up, Miss Voll
mar said.
