# PHI KAPPA PSI
## 
### 
Phi Kappa Psi officers: Lea
Rudee, president; Larry Sullivan,
vice - president; John Fairborn,
corresponding secretary; Joe
Humphrey, recording secretary;
John Brown, historian; John Her
shiser, sergeant at arms; Dan
Cook, keeper of the sacred seal; |
Jeff Morby, chaplain; Ed Harper,
house manager; Dick Elliott,
rushing chairman; Morrie Hoven,
social chairman.
Phi Kappa Psi officers: Lea
Rudee, president; Larry Sullivan,
vice - president; John Fairborn,
corresponding secretary; Joe
Humphrey, recording secretary;
John Brown, historian; John Her
shiser, sergeant at arms; Dan
Cook, keeper of the sacred seal; |
Jeff Morby, chaplain; Ed Harper,
house manager; Dick Elliott,
rushing chairman; Morrie Hoven,
social chairman.
Phi Kappa Psi officers: Lea
Rudee, president; Larry Sullivan,
vice - president; John Fairborn,
corresponding secretary; Joe
Humphrey, recording secretary;
John Brown, historian; John Her
shiser, sergeant at arms; Dan
Cook, keeper of the sacred seal; |
Jeff Morby, chaplain; Ed Harper,
house manager; Dick Elliott,
rushing chairman; Morrie Hoven,
social chairman.
Phi Kappa Psi officers: Lea
Rudee, president; Larry Sullivan,
vice - president; John Fairborn,
corresponding secretary; Joe
Humphrey, recording secretary;
John Brown, historian; John Her
shiser, sergeant at arms; Dan
Cook, keeper of the sacred seal; |
Jeff Morby, chaplain; Ed Harper,
house manager; Dick Elliott,
rushing chairman; Morrie Hoven,
social chairman.
Phi Kappa Psi officers: Lea
Rudee, president; Larry Sullivan,
vice - president; John Fairborn,
corresponding secretary; Joe
Humphrey, recording secretary;
John Brown, historian; John Her
shiser, sergeant at arms; Dan
Cook, keeper of the sacred seal; |
Jeff Morby, chaplain; Ed Harper,
house manager; Dick Elliott,
rushing chairman; Morrie Hoven,
social chairman.
Phi Kappa Psi officers: Lea
Rudee, president; Larry Sullivan,
vice - president; John Fairborn,
corresponding secretary; Joe
Humphrey, recording secretary;
John Brown, historian; John Her
shiser, sergeant at arms; Dan
Cook, keeper of the sacred seal; |
Jeff Morby, chaplain; Ed Harper,
house manager; Dick Elliott,
rushing chairman; Morrie Hoven,
social chairman.
Phi Kappa Psi officers: Lea
Rudee, president; Larry Sullivan,
vice - president; John Fairborn,
corresponding secretary; Joe
Humphrey, recording secretary;
John Brown, historian; John Her
shiser, sergeant at arms; Dan
Cook, keeper of the sacred seal; |
Jeff Morby, chaplain; Ed Harper,
house manager; Dick Elliott,
rushing chairman; Morrie Hoven,
social chairman.
Phi Kappa Psi officers: Lea
Rudee, president; Larry Sullivan,
vice - president; John Fairborn,
corresponding secretary; Joe
Humphrey, recording secretary;
John Brown, historian; John Her
shiser, sergeant at arms; Dan
Cook, keeper of the sacred seal; |
Jeff Morby, chaplain; Ed Harper,
house manager; Dick Elliott,
rushing chairman; Morrie Hoven,
social chairman.
Phi Kappa Psi officers: Lea
Rudee, president; Larry Sullivan,
vice - president; John Fairborn,
corresponding secretary; Joe
Humphrey, recording secretary;
John Brown, historian; John Her
shiser, sergeant at arms; Dan
Cook, keeper of the sacred seal; |
Jeff Morby, chaplain; Ed Harper,
house manager; Dick Elliott,
rushing chairman; Morrie Hoven,
social chairman.
Phi Kappa Psi officers: Lea
Rudee, president; Larry Sullivan,
vice - president; John Fairborn,
corresponding secretary; Joe
Humphrey, recording secretary;
John Brown, historian; John Her
shiser, sergeant at arms; Dan
Cook, keeper of the sacred seal; |
Jeff Morby, chaplain; Ed Harper,
house manager; Dick Elliott,
rushing chairman; Morrie Hoven,
social chairman.
Phi Kappa Psi officers: Lea
Rudee, president; Larry Sullivan,
vice - president; John Fairborn,
corresponding secretary; Joe
Humphrey, recording secretary;
John Brown, historian; John Her
shiser, sergeant at arms; Dan
Cook, keeper of the sacred seal; |
Jeff Morby, chaplain; Ed Harper,
house manager; Dick Elliott,
rushing chairman; Morrie Hoven,
social chairman.
Phi Kappa Psi officers: Lea
Rudee, president; Larry Sullivan,
vice - president; John Fairborn,
corresponding secretary; Joe
Humphrey, recording secretary;
John Brown, historian; John Her
shiser, sergeant at arms; Dan
Cook, keeper of the sacred seal; |
Jeff Morby, chaplain; Ed Harper,
house manager; Dick Elliott,
rushing chairman; Morrie Hoven,
social chairman.
Phi Kappa Psi officers: Lea
Rudee, president; Larry Sullivan,
vice - president; John Fairborn,
corresponding secretary; Joe
Humphrey, recording secretary;
John Brown, historian; John Her
shiser, sergeant at arms; Dan
Cook, keeper of the sacred seal; |
Jeff Morby, chaplain; Ed Harper,
house manager; Dick Elliott,
rushing chairman; Morrie Hoven,
social chairman.
Phi Kappa Psi officers: Lea
Rudee, president; Larry Sullivan,
vice - president; John Fairborn,
corresponding secretary; Joe
Humphrey, recording secretary;
John Brown, historian; John Her
shiser, sergeant at arms; Dan
Cook, keeper of the sacred seal; |
Jeff Morby, chaplain; Ed Harper,
house manager; Dick Elliott,
rushing chairman; Morrie Hoven,
social chairman.
Phi Kappa Psi officers: Lea
Rudee, president; Larry Sullivan,
vice - president; John Fairborn,
corresponding secretary; Joe
Humphrey, recording secretary;
John Brown, historian; John Her
shiser, sergeant at arms; Dan
Cook, keeper of the sacred seal; |
Jeff Morby, chaplain; Ed Harper,
house manager; Dick Elliott,
rushing chairman; Morrie Hoven,
social chairman.
Phi Kappa Psi officers: Lea
Rudee, president; Larry Sullivan,
vice - president; John Fairborn,
corresponding secretary; Joe
Humphrey, recording secretary;
John Brown, historian; John Her
shiser, sergeant at arms; Dan
Cook, keeper of the sacred seal; |
Jeff Morby, chaplain; Ed Harper,
house manager; Dick Elliott,
rushing chairman; Morrie Hoven,
social chairman.
