# It's Smooth Sailing As 550 Register At Wilbur Offices
## 
### 
More than 550 delegates and
advisers registered yesterday for
Mode] United Nations. Offices
were s'et tip in Trancos and Soto
lounges of Wilbur Hall where a
eorps of registration personnel
checked credentials, assigned del
egates to their housing and meal
accommodations, registered cars
and provided I hem wilh hand
books, maps of the campus and
official badges. °
The only major exception lo
the smoothly running process oc
curred when a delegation arrived
unexpectedly. They had failed to
notify MIJN I hey were coming.
Two delegations a t t ra c t e d
some attention when they arrived
wearing some semblance of na
tional garb. San Francisco State,
representing Nepal and Burma,
wore black fezzes and the Univer
sity of Washington delegation,
representing Egypt, arrived in
red fezzes.
A number of foreign students
registered with the delegations
representing their native coun
tries. Roth foreign students and
fezzed delegates were hastily pho
tographed by KPIX-TV and by
Pomona College which is making
a 15-minute documentary film of
MUN for the Institute of Practi
cal Politics in Los Angeles.
More than 550 delegates and
advisers registered yesterday for
Mode] United Nations. Offices
were s'et tip in Trancos and Soto
lounges of Wilbur Hall where a
eorps of registration personnel
checked credentials, assigned del
egates to their housing and meal
accommodations, registered cars
and provided I hem wilh hand
books, maps of the campus and
official badges. °
The only major exception lo
the smoothly running process oc
curred when a delegation arrived
unexpectedly. They had failed to
notify MIJN I hey were coming.
Two delegations a t t ra c t e d
some attention when they arrived
wearing some semblance of na
tional garb. San Francisco State,
representing Nepal and Burma,
wore black fezzes and the Univer
sity of Washington delegation,
representing Egypt, arrived in
red fezzes.
A number of foreign students
registered with the delegations
representing their native coun
tries. Roth foreign students and
fezzed delegates were hastily pho
tographed by KPIX-TV and by
Pomona College which is making
a 15-minute documentary film of
MUN for the Institute of Practi
cal Politics in Los Angeles.
More than 550 delegates and
advisers registered yesterday for
Mode] United Nations. Offices
were s'et tip in Trancos and Soto
lounges of Wilbur Hall where a
eorps of registration personnel
checked credentials, assigned del
egates to their housing and meal
accommodations, registered cars
and provided I hem wilh hand
books, maps of the campus and
official badges. °
The only major exception lo
the smoothly running process oc
curred when a delegation arrived
unexpectedly. They had failed to
notify MIJN I hey were coming.
Two delegations a t t ra c t e d
some attention when they arrived
wearing some semblance of na
tional garb. San Francisco State,
representing Nepal and Burma,
wore black fezzes and the Univer
sity of Washington delegation,
representing Egypt, arrived in
red fezzes.
A number of foreign students
registered with the delegations
representing their native coun
tries. Roth foreign students and
fezzed delegates were hastily pho
tographed by KPIX-TV and by
Pomona College which is making
a 15-minute documentary film of
MUN for the Institute of Practi
cal Politics in Los Angeles.
More than 550 delegates and
advisers registered yesterday for
Mode] United Nations. Offices
were s'et tip in Trancos and Soto
lounges of Wilbur Hall where a
eorps of registration personnel
checked credentials, assigned del
egates to their housing and meal
accommodations, registered cars
and provided I hem wilh hand
books, maps of the campus and
official badges. °
The only major exception lo
the smoothly running process oc
curred when a delegation arrived
unexpectedly. They had failed to
notify MIJN I hey were coming.
Two delegations a t t ra c t e d
some attention when they arrived
wearing some semblance of na
tional garb. San Francisco State,
representing Nepal and Burma,
wore black fezzes and the Univer
sity of Washington delegation,
representing Egypt, arrived in
red fezzes.
A number of foreign students
registered with the delegations
representing their native coun
tries. Roth foreign students and
fezzed delegates were hastily pho
tographed by KPIX-TV and by
Pomona College which is making
a 15-minute documentary film of
MUN for the Institute of Practi
cal Politics in Los Angeles.
More than 550 delegates and
advisers registered yesterday for
Mode] United Nations. Offices
were s'et tip in Trancos and Soto
lounges of Wilbur Hall where a
eorps of registration personnel
checked credentials, assigned del
egates to their housing and meal
accommodations, registered cars
and provided I hem wilh hand
books, maps of the campus and
official badges. °
The only major exception lo
the smoothly running process oc
curred when a delegation arrived
unexpectedly. They had failed to
notify MIJN I hey were coming.
Two delegations a t t ra c t e d
some attention when they arrived
wearing some semblance of na
tional garb. San Francisco State,
representing Nepal and Burma,
wore black fezzes and the Univer
sity of Washington delegation,
representing Egypt, arrived in
red fezzes.
A number of foreign students
registered with the delegations
representing their native coun
tries. Roth foreign students and
fezzed delegates were hastily pho
tographed by KPIX-TV and by
Pomona College which is making
a 15-minute documentary film of
MUN for the Institute of Practi
cal Politics in Los Angeles.
More than 550 delegates and
advisers registered yesterday for
Mode] United Nations. Offices
were s'et tip in Trancos and Soto
lounges of Wilbur Hall where a
eorps of registration personnel
checked credentials, assigned del
egates to their housing and meal
accommodations, registered cars
and provided I hem wilh hand
books, maps of the campus and
official badges. °
The only major exception lo
the smoothly running process oc
curred when a delegation arrived
unexpectedly. They had failed to
notify MIJN I hey were coming.
Two delegations a t t ra c t e d
some attention when they arrived
wearing some semblance of na
tional garb. San Francisco State,
representing Nepal and Burma,
wore black fezzes and the Univer
sity of Washington delegation,
representing Egypt, arrived in
red fezzes.
A number of foreign students
registered with the delegations
representing their native coun
tries. Roth foreign students and
fezzed delegates were hastily pho
tographed by KPIX-TV and by
Pomona College which is making
a 15-minute documentary film of
MUN for the Institute of Practi
cal Politics in Los Angeles.
More than 550 delegates and
advisers registered yesterday for
Mode] United Nations. Offices
were s'et tip in Trancos and Soto
lounges of Wilbur Hall where a
eorps of registration personnel
checked credentials, assigned del
egates to their housing and meal
accommodations, registered cars
and provided I hem wilh hand
books, maps of the campus and
official badges. °
The only major exception lo
the smoothly running process oc
curred when a delegation arrived
unexpectedly. They had failed to
notify MIJN I hey were coming.
Two delegations a t t ra c t e d
some attention when they arrived
wearing some semblance of na
tional garb. San Francisco State,
representing Nepal and Burma,
wore black fezzes and the Univer
sity of Washington delegation,
representing Egypt, arrived in
red fezzes.
A number of foreign students
registered with the delegations
representing their native coun
tries. Roth foreign students and
fezzed delegates were hastily pho
tographed by KPIX-TV and by
Pomona College which is making
a 15-minute documentary film of
MUN for the Institute of Practi
cal Politics in Los Angeles.
More than 550 delegates and
advisers registered yesterday for
Mode] United Nations. Offices
were s'et tip in Trancos and Soto
lounges of Wilbur Hall where a
eorps of registration personnel
checked credentials, assigned del
egates to their housing and meal
accommodations, registered cars
and provided I hem wilh hand
books, maps of the campus and
official badges. °
The only major exception lo
the smoothly running process oc
curred when a delegation arrived
unexpectedly. They had failed to
notify MIJN I hey were coming.
Two delegations a t t ra c t e d
some attention when they arrived
wearing some semblance of na
tional garb. San Francisco State,
representing Nepal and Burma,
wore black fezzes and the Univer
sity of Washington delegation,
representing Egypt, arrived in
red fezzes.
A number of foreign students
registered with the delegations
representing their native coun
tries. Roth foreign students and
fezzed delegates were hastily pho
tographed by KPIX-TV and by
Pomona College which is making
a 15-minute documentary film of
MUN for the Institute of Practi
cal Politics in Los Angeles.
More than 550 delegates and
advisers registered yesterday for
Mode] United Nations. Offices
were s'et tip in Trancos and Soto
lounges of Wilbur Hall where a
eorps of registration personnel
checked credentials, assigned del
egates to their housing and meal
accommodations, registered cars
and provided I hem wilh hand
books, maps of the campus and
official badges. °
The only major exception lo
the smoothly running process oc
curred when a delegation arrived
unexpectedly. They had failed to
notify MIJN I hey were coming.
Two delegations a t t ra c t e d
some attention when they arrived
wearing some semblance of na
tional garb. San Francisco State,
representing Nepal and Burma,
wore black fezzes and the Univer
sity of Washington delegation,
representing Egypt, arrived in
red fezzes.
A number of foreign students
registered with the delegations
representing their native coun
tries. Roth foreign students and
fezzed delegates were hastily pho
tographed by KPIX-TV and by
Pomona College which is making
a 15-minute documentary film of
MUN for the Institute of Practi
cal Politics in Los Angeles.
More than 550 delegates and
advisers registered yesterday for
Mode] United Nations. Offices
were s'et tip in Trancos and Soto
lounges of Wilbur Hall where a
eorps of registration personnel
checked credentials, assigned del
egates to their housing and meal
accommodations, registered cars
and provided I hem wilh hand
books, maps of the campus and
official badges. °
The only major exception lo
the smoothly running process oc
curred when a delegation arrived
unexpectedly. They had failed to
notify MIJN I hey were coming.
Two delegations a t t ra c t e d
some attention when they arrived
wearing some semblance of na
tional garb. San Francisco State,
representing Nepal and Burma,
wore black fezzes and the Univer
sity of Washington delegation,
representing Egypt, arrived in
red fezzes.
A number of foreign students
registered with the delegations
representing their native coun
tries. Roth foreign students and
fezzed delegates were hastily pho
tographed by KPIX-TV and by
Pomona College which is making
a 15-minute documentary film of
MUN for the Institute of Practi
cal Politics in Los Angeles.
More than 550 delegates and
advisers registered yesterday for
Mode] United Nations. Offices
were s'et tip in Trancos and Soto
lounges of Wilbur Hall where a
eorps of registration personnel
checked credentials, assigned del
egates to their housing and meal
accommodations, registered cars
and provided I hem wilh hand
books, maps of the campus and
official badges. °
The only major exception lo
the smoothly running process oc
curred when a delegation arrived
unexpectedly. They had failed to
notify MIJN I hey were coming.
Two delegations a t t ra c t e d
some attention when they arrived
wearing some semblance of na
tional garb. San Francisco State,
representing Nepal and Burma,
wore black fezzes and the Univer
sity of Washington delegation,
representing Egypt, arrived in
red fezzes.
A number of foreign students
registered with the delegations
representing their native coun
tries. Roth foreign students and
fezzed delegates were hastily pho
tographed by KPIX-TV and by
Pomona College which is making
a 15-minute documentary film of
MUN for the Institute of Practi
cal Politics in Los Angeles.
More than 550 delegates and
advisers registered yesterday for
Mode] United Nations. Offices
were s'et tip in Trancos and Soto
lounges of Wilbur Hall where a
eorps of registration personnel
checked credentials, assigned del
egates to their housing and meal
accommodations, registered cars
and provided I hem wilh hand
books, maps of the campus and
official badges. °
The only major exception lo
the smoothly running process oc
curred when a delegation arrived
unexpectedly. They had failed to
notify MIJN I hey were coming.
Two delegations a t t ra c t e d
some attention when they arrived
wearing some semblance of na
tional garb. San Francisco State,
representing Nepal and Burma,
wore black fezzes and the Univer
sity of Washington delegation,
representing Egypt, arrived in
red fezzes.
A number of foreign students
registered with the delegations
representing their native coun
tries. Roth foreign students and
fezzed delegates were hastily pho
tographed by KPIX-TV and by
Pomona College which is making
a 15-minute documentary film of
MUN for the Institute of Practi
cal Politics in Los Angeles.
More than 550 delegates and
advisers registered yesterday for
Mode] United Nations. Offices
were s'et tip in Trancos and Soto
lounges of Wilbur Hall where a
eorps of registration personnel
checked credentials, assigned del
egates to their housing and meal
accommodations, registered cars
and provided I hem wilh hand
books, maps of the campus and
official badges. °
The only major exception lo
the smoothly running process oc
curred when a delegation arrived
unexpectedly. They had failed to
notify MIJN I hey were coming.
Two delegations a t t ra c t e d
some attention when they arrived
wearing some semblance of na
tional garb. San Francisco State,
representing Nepal and Burma,
wore black fezzes and the Univer
sity of Washington delegation,
representing Egypt, arrived in
red fezzes.
A number of foreign students
registered with the delegations
representing their native coun
tries. Roth foreign students and
fezzed delegates were hastily pho
tographed by KPIX-TV and by
Pomona College which is making
a 15-minute documentary film of
MUN for the Institute of Practi
cal Politics in Los Angeles.
More than 550 delegates and
advisers registered yesterday for
Mode] United Nations. Offices
were s'et tip in Trancos and Soto
lounges of Wilbur Hall where a
eorps of registration personnel
checked credentials, assigned del
egates to their housing and meal
accommodations, registered cars
and provided I hem wilh hand
books, maps of the campus and
official badges. °
The only major exception lo
the smoothly running process oc
curred when a delegation arrived
unexpectedly. They had failed to
notify MIJN I hey were coming.
Two delegations a t t ra c t e d
some attention when they arrived
wearing some semblance of na
tional garb. San Francisco State,
representing Nepal and Burma,
wore black fezzes and the Univer
sity of Washington delegation,
representing Egypt, arrived in
red fezzes.
A number of foreign students
registered with the delegations
representing their native coun
tries. Roth foreign students and
fezzed delegates were hastily pho
tographed by KPIX-TV and by
Pomona College which is making
a 15-minute documentary film of
MUN for the Institute of Practi
cal Politics in Los Angeles.
More than 550 delegates and
advisers registered yesterday for
Mode] United Nations. Offices
were s'et tip in Trancos and Soto
lounges of Wilbur Hall where a
eorps of registration personnel
checked credentials, assigned del
egates to their housing and meal
accommodations, registered cars
and provided I hem wilh hand
books, maps of the campus and
official badges. °
The only major exception lo
the smoothly running process oc
curred when a delegation arrived
unexpectedly. They had failed to
notify MIJN I hey were coming.
Two delegations a t t ra c t e d
some attention when they arrived
wearing some semblance of na
tional garb. San Francisco State,
representing Nepal and Burma,
wore black fezzes and the Univer
sity of Washington delegation,
representing Egypt, arrived in
red fezzes.
A number of foreign students
registered with the delegations
representing their native coun
tries. Roth foreign students and
fezzed delegates were hastily pho
tographed by KPIX-TV and by
Pomona College which is making
a 15-minute documentary film of
MUN for the Institute of Practi
cal Politics in Los Angeles.
More than 550 delegates and
advisers registered yesterday for
Mode] United Nations. Offices
were s'et tip in Trancos and Soto
lounges of Wilbur Hall where a
eorps of registration personnel
checked credentials, assigned del
egates to their housing and meal
accommodations, registered cars
and provided I hem wilh hand
books, maps of the campus and
official badges. °
The only major exception lo
the smoothly running process oc
curred when a delegation arrived
unexpectedly. They had failed to
notify MIJN I hey were coming.
Two delegations a t t ra c t e d
some attention when they arrived
wearing some semblance of na
tional garb. San Francisco State,
representing Nepal and Burma,
wore black fezzes and the Univer
sity of Washington delegation,
representing Egypt, arrived in
red fezzes.
A number of foreign students
registered with the delegations
representing their native coun
tries. Roth foreign students and
fezzed delegates were hastily pho
tographed by KPIX-TV and by
Pomona College which is making
a 15-minute documentary film of
MUN for the Institute of Practi
cal Politics in Los Angeles.
