# Law Fraternities Will Face Camera
## 
### 
Members of the law fraternities,
Delta Theta Phi, Phi Alpha Delta,
and Phi Delta Phi will be photo
graphed today {is the Watson studio
resumes taking of Quad pictures.
The reopening of the studio also
provides opportunity for seventeen
more seniors in the senior section,
and for any organization members
such as inhabitants of the Row or
members Â«')f the Executive Commit
tee and Men's Council who have
failed to have Quad pictures taken.
Quad managing editors advise thai
law fraternity members turn out in
full and take advantage of the op
portunity to improve page appear
ances over those of the past, which
featured group pictures. The studio,
operating across the street from the
Daily office, will be open from 1)
o'clock to 4:30 o'clock.
