# YANCEY LANDS
## 
### 
HAVANA, Cuba, Pan. 24. (/P) —
Captain Lewis A. Yancey, trans
atlantic flier, landed here todny on
a flight from Key West, Florida, in
the first autogyro ever to land on
Cuban soil.
HAVANA, Cuba, Pan. 24. (/P) —
Captain Lewis A. Yancey, trans
atlantic flier, landed here todny on
a flight from Key West, Florida, in
the first autogyro ever to land on
Cuban soil.
HAVANA, Cuba, Pan. 24. (/P) —
Captain Lewis A. Yancey, trans
atlantic flier, landed here todny on
a flight from Key West, Florida, in
the first autogyro ever to land on
Cuban soil.
HAVANA, Cuba, Pan. 24. (/P) —
Captain Lewis A. Yancey, trans
atlantic flier, landed here todny on
a flight from Key West, Florida, in
the first autogyro ever to land on
Cuban soil.
HAVANA, Cuba, Pan. 24. (/P) —
Captain Lewis A. Yancey, trans
atlantic flier, landed here todny on
a flight from Key West, Florida, in
the first autogyro ever to land on
Cuban soil.
HAVANA, Cuba, Pan. 24. (/P) —
Captain Lewis A. Yancey, trans
atlantic flier, landed here todny on
a flight from Key West, Florida, in
the first autogyro ever to land on
Cuban soil.
HAVANA, Cuba, Pan. 24. (/P) —
Captain Lewis A. Yancey, trans
atlantic flier, landed here todny on
a flight from Key West, Florida, in
the first autogyro ever to land on
Cuban soil.
HAVANA, Cuba, Pan. 24. (/P) —
Captain Lewis A. Yancey, trans
atlantic flier, landed here todny on
a flight from Key West, Florida, in
the first autogyro ever to land on
Cuban soil.
HAVANA, Cuba, Pan. 24. (/P) —
Captain Lewis A. Yancey, trans
atlantic flier, landed here todny on
a flight from Key West, Florida, in
the first autogyro ever to land on
Cuban soil.
HAVANA, Cuba, Pan. 24. (/P) —
Captain Lewis A. Yancey, trans
atlantic flier, landed here todny on
a flight from Key West, Florida, in
the first autogyro ever to land on
Cuban soil.
HAVANA, Cuba, Pan. 24. (/P) —
Captain Lewis A. Yancey, trans
atlantic flier, landed here todny on
a flight from Key West, Florida, in
the first autogyro ever to land on
Cuban soil.
HAVANA, Cuba, Pan. 24. (/P) —
Captain Lewis A. Yancey, trans
atlantic flier, landed here todny on
a flight from Key West, Florida, in
the first autogyro ever to land on
Cuban soil.
HAVANA, Cuba, Pan. 24. (/P) —
Captain Lewis A. Yancey, trans
atlantic flier, landed here todny on
a flight from Key West, Florida, in
the first autogyro ever to land on
Cuban soil.
HAVANA, Cuba, Pan. 24. (/P) —
Captain Lewis A. Yancey, trans
atlantic flier, landed here todny on
a flight from Key West, Florida, in
the first autogyro ever to land on
Cuban soil.
HAVANA, Cuba, Pan. 24. (/P) —
Captain Lewis A. Yancey, trans
atlantic flier, landed here todny on
a flight from Key West, Florida, in
the first autogyro ever to land on
Cuban soil.
HAVANA, Cuba, Pan. 24. (/P) —
Captain Lewis A. Yancey, trans
atlantic flier, landed here todny on
a flight from Key West, Florida, in
the first autogyro ever to land on
Cuban soil.
