# CONVICTS BATTLE FLOODS
## 
### 

Convicts were called out to battle flood waters in Mississippi. This
picture shows prisoners from the state prison farm, who were rushed to
Webb, Miss., when water threatened the $85,000 school there. They
built a levee around the school to allow students to attend classes
despite the floods.

Convicts were called out to battle flood waters in Mississippi. This
picture shows prisoners from the state prison farm, who were rushed to
Webb, Miss., when water threatened the $85,000 school there. They
built a levee around the school to allow students to attend classes
despite the floods.

Convicts were called out to battle flood waters in Mississippi. This
picture shows prisoners from the state prison farm, who were rushed to
Webb, Miss., when water threatened the $85,000 school there. They
built a levee around the school to allow students to attend classes
despite the floods.

Convicts were called out to battle flood waters in Mississippi. This
picture shows prisoners from the state prison farm, who were rushed to
Webb, Miss., when water threatened the $85,000 school there. They
built a levee around the school to allow students to attend classes
despite the floods.

Convicts were called out to battle flood waters in Mississippi. This
picture shows prisoners from the state prison farm, who were rushed to
Webb, Miss., when water threatened the $85,000 school there. They
built a levee around the school to allow students to attend classes
despite the floods.

Convicts were called out to battle flood waters in Mississippi. This
picture shows prisoners from the state prison farm, who were rushed to
Webb, Miss., when water threatened the $85,000 school there. They
built a levee around the school to allow students to attend classes
despite the floods.

Convicts were called out to battle flood waters in Mississippi. This
picture shows prisoners from the state prison farm, who were rushed to
Webb, Miss., when water threatened the $85,000 school there. They
built a levee around the school to allow students to attend classes
despite the floods.

Convicts were called out to battle flood waters in Mississippi. This
picture shows prisoners from the state prison farm, who were rushed to
Webb, Miss., when water threatened the $85,000 school there. They
built a levee around the school to allow students to attend classes
despite the floods.

Convicts were called out to battle flood waters in Mississippi. This
picture shows prisoners from the state prison farm, who were rushed to
Webb, Miss., when water threatened the $85,000 school there. They
built a levee around the school to allow students to attend classes
despite the floods.

Convicts were called out to battle flood waters in Mississippi. This
picture shows prisoners from the state prison farm, who were rushed to
Webb, Miss., when water threatened the $85,000 school there. They
built a levee around the school to allow students to attend classes
despite the floods.

Convicts were called out to battle flood waters in Mississippi. This
picture shows prisoners from the state prison farm, who were rushed to
Webb, Miss., when water threatened the $85,000 school there. They
built a levee around the school to allow students to attend classes
despite the floods.

Convicts were called out to battle flood waters in Mississippi. This
picture shows prisoners from the state prison farm, who were rushed to
Webb, Miss., when water threatened the $85,000 school there. They
built a levee around the school to allow students to attend classes
despite the floods.

Convicts were called out to battle flood waters in Mississippi. This
picture shows prisoners from the state prison farm, who were rushed to
Webb, Miss., when water threatened the $85,000 school there. They
built a levee around the school to allow students to attend classes
despite the floods.

Convicts were called out to battle flood waters in Mississippi. This
picture shows prisoners from the state prison farm, who were rushed to
Webb, Miss., when water threatened the $85,000 school there. They
built a levee around the school to allow students to attend classes
despite the floods.

Convicts were called out to battle flood waters in Mississippi. This
picture shows prisoners from the state prison farm, who were rushed to
Webb, Miss., when water threatened the $85,000 school there. They
built a levee around the school to allow students to attend classes
despite the floods.

Convicts were called out to battle flood waters in Mississippi. This
picture shows prisoners from the state prison farm, who were rushed to
Webb, Miss., when water threatened the $85,000 school there. They
built a levee around the school to allow students to attend classes
despite the floods.
