# Branner Club To Give First Smoker Of Quarter Monday
## 
### 
Branner Club will give its first win
ter quarter smoker Monday night at
7:30 o'clock, according to an an
nouncement made by Wallace Fraser,
chairman of the Smoker Committee.
The main purpose of the gathering
will b6 to discuss the plans for the
Branner Club informal dance (o be
given two weeks from tonight. Fraser
says that an unusually entertaining
program is planned and the eats af
teiward will be both good and plenti
ful.
Branner Club will give its first win
ter quarter smoker Monday night at
7:30 o'clock, according to an an
nouncement made by Wallace Fraser,
chairman of the Smoker Committee.
The main purpose of the gathering
will b6 to discuss the plans for the
Branner Club informal dance (o be
given two weeks from tonight. Fraser
says that an unusually entertaining
program is planned and the eats af
teiward will be both good and plenti
ful.
Branner Club will give its first win
ter quarter smoker Monday night at
7:30 o'clock, according to an an
nouncement made by Wallace Fraser,
chairman of the Smoker Committee.
The main purpose of the gathering
will b6 to discuss the plans for the
Branner Club informal dance (o be
given two weeks from tonight. Fraser
says that an unusually entertaining
program is planned and the eats af
teiward will be both good and plenti
ful.
Branner Club will give its first win
ter quarter smoker Monday night at
7:30 o'clock, according to an an
nouncement made by Wallace Fraser,
chairman of the Smoker Committee.
The main purpose of the gathering
will b6 to discuss the plans for the
Branner Club informal dance (o be
given two weeks from tonight. Fraser
says that an unusually entertaining
program is planned and the eats af
teiward will be both good and plenti
ful.
Branner Club will give its first win
ter quarter smoker Monday night at
7:30 o'clock, according to an an
nouncement made by Wallace Fraser,
chairman of the Smoker Committee.
The main purpose of the gathering
will b6 to discuss the plans for the
Branner Club informal dance (o be
given two weeks from tonight. Fraser
says that an unusually entertaining
program is planned and the eats af
teiward will be both good and plenti
ful.
Branner Club will give its first win
ter quarter smoker Monday night at
7:30 o'clock, according to an an
nouncement made by Wallace Fraser,
chairman of the Smoker Committee.
The main purpose of the gathering
will b6 to discuss the plans for the
Branner Club informal dance (o be
given two weeks from tonight. Fraser
says that an unusually entertaining
program is planned and the eats af
teiward will be both good and plenti
ful.
Branner Club will give its first win
ter quarter smoker Monday night at
7:30 o'clock, according to an an
nouncement made by Wallace Fraser,
chairman of the Smoker Committee.
The main purpose of the gathering
will b6 to discuss the plans for the
Branner Club informal dance (o be
given two weeks from tonight. Fraser
says that an unusually entertaining
program is planned and the eats af
teiward will be both good and plenti
ful.
Branner Club will give its first win
ter quarter smoker Monday night at
7:30 o'clock, according to an an
nouncement made by Wallace Fraser,
chairman of the Smoker Committee.
The main purpose of the gathering
will b6 to discuss the plans for the
Branner Club informal dance (o be
given two weeks from tonight. Fraser
says that an unusually entertaining
program is planned and the eats af
teiward will be both good and plenti
ful.
Branner Club will give its first win
ter quarter smoker Monday night at
7:30 o'clock, according to an an
nouncement made by Wallace Fraser,
chairman of the Smoker Committee.
The main purpose of the gathering
will b6 to discuss the plans for the
Branner Club informal dance (o be
given two weeks from tonight. Fraser
says that an unusually entertaining
program is planned and the eats af
teiward will be both good and plenti
ful.
Branner Club will give its first win
ter quarter smoker Monday night at
7:30 o'clock, according to an an
nouncement made by Wallace Fraser,
chairman of the Smoker Committee.
The main purpose of the gathering
will b6 to discuss the plans for the
Branner Club informal dance (o be
given two weeks from tonight. Fraser
says that an unusually entertaining
program is planned and the eats af
teiward will be both good and plenti
ful.
Branner Club will give its first win
ter quarter smoker Monday night at
7:30 o'clock, according to an an
nouncement made by Wallace Fraser,
chairman of the Smoker Committee.
The main purpose of the gathering
will b6 to discuss the plans for the
Branner Club informal dance (o be
given two weeks from tonight. Fraser
says that an unusually entertaining
program is planned and the eats af
teiward will be both good and plenti
ful.
Branner Club will give its first win
ter quarter smoker Monday night at
7:30 o'clock, according to an an
nouncement made by Wallace Fraser,
chairman of the Smoker Committee.
The main purpose of the gathering
will b6 to discuss the plans for the
Branner Club informal dance (o be
given two weeks from tonight. Fraser
says that an unusually entertaining
program is planned and the eats af
teiward will be both good and plenti
ful.
Branner Club will give its first win
ter quarter smoker Monday night at
7:30 o'clock, according to an an
nouncement made by Wallace Fraser,
chairman of the Smoker Committee.
The main purpose of the gathering
will b6 to discuss the plans for the
Branner Club informal dance (o be
given two weeks from tonight. Fraser
says that an unusually entertaining
program is planned and the eats af
teiward will be both good and plenti
ful.
Branner Club will give its first win
ter quarter smoker Monday night at
7:30 o'clock, according to an an
nouncement made by Wallace Fraser,
chairman of the Smoker Committee.
The main purpose of the gathering
will b6 to discuss the plans for the
Branner Club informal dance (o be
given two weeks from tonight. Fraser
says that an unusually entertaining
program is planned and the eats af
teiward will be both good and plenti
ful.
Branner Club will give its first win
ter quarter smoker Monday night at
7:30 o'clock, according to an an
nouncement made by Wallace Fraser,
chairman of the Smoker Committee.
The main purpose of the gathering
will b6 to discuss the plans for the
Branner Club informal dance (o be
given two weeks from tonight. Fraser
says that an unusually entertaining
program is planned and the eats af
teiward will be both good and plenti
ful.
Branner Club will give its first win
ter quarter smoker Monday night at
7:30 o'clock, according to an an
nouncement made by Wallace Fraser,
chairman of the Smoker Committee.
The main purpose of the gathering
will b6 to discuss the plans for the
Branner Club informal dance (o be
given two weeks from tonight. Fraser
says that an unusually entertaining
program is planned and the eats af
teiward will be both good and plenti
ful.
Branner Club will give its first win
ter quarter smoker Monday night at
7:30 o'clock, according to an an
nouncement made by Wallace Fraser,
chairman of the Smoker Committee.
The main purpose of the gathering
will b6 to discuss the plans for the
Branner Club informal dance (o be
given two weeks from tonight. Fraser
says that an unusually entertaining
program is planned and the eats af
teiward will be both good and plenti
ful.
