# Untitled Article
## 
### 
One of the best points in Stan
ford's policy of individual freedom
is the liberty given to professors in
the matter of timing their examina
tions. There is no set and dreaded
examination week to disturb one's
rest for days before, and to half
spoil the vacation following. The
professor is at liberty to hold his ex
aminations at the end of tho semes
ter or half-semester or scattered
throughout the year or to omit them
entirely.
In spite of all this, students pur
suing certain courses find that last
week as full of trials as any Yale or
Harvard man ever found exami
nation week. Professors have in
considerately crowded so many teste,
quizzes, and examinations into one
week that the horrors of the old
cast iron cutnpulsory system prevail.
One hurries through two, three, and
sometimes four examinations in a
single morning, and flunks dismally
on the last one through Bheer ex
haustion of brain.
In the midst of all this, it is pleas
ant to note that several professors
have had the consideration to hold
their examinations earlier or to poit
pone them until after tho week of
vacation. Some have even seriously
inconvenienced themselves to accom
modate students in this matter, and
their considerate kindness is deserv
ing of hearty gratitude.
