# Untitled Article
## 
### 

ALL-AMERICAN —Dribbling at you is Bob Carney, Bradley's
candidate for All-American guard. Carney has averaged ovej:
18 points per game this year and will strut his stuff against
Stanford when the Indians meet Bradley's Braves in the Cow
Palace this Saturday. Stanford, riding a two-game win streak,
should find the going tough against Bradley, which, as usual,
boasts a powerful squad.

ALL-AMERICAN —Dribbling at you is Bob Carney, Bradley's
candidate for All-American guard. Carney has averaged ovej:
18 points per game this year and will strut his stuff against
Stanford when the Indians meet Bradley's Braves in the Cow
Palace this Saturday. Stanford, riding a two-game win streak,
should find the going tough against Bradley, which, as usual,
boasts a powerful squad.

ALL-AMERICAN —Dribbling at you is Bob Carney, Bradley's
candidate for All-American guard. Carney has averaged ovej:
18 points per game this year and will strut his stuff against
Stanford when the Indians meet Bradley's Braves in the Cow
Palace this Saturday. Stanford, riding a two-game win streak,
should find the going tough against Bradley, which, as usual,
boasts a powerful squad.

ALL-AMERICAN —Dribbling at you is Bob Carney, Bradley's
candidate for All-American guard. Carney has averaged ovej:
18 points per game this year and will strut his stuff against
Stanford when the Indians meet Bradley's Braves in the Cow
Palace this Saturday. Stanford, riding a two-game win streak,
should find the going tough against Bradley, which, as usual,
boasts a powerful squad.

ALL-AMERICAN —Dribbling at you is Bob Carney, Bradley's
candidate for All-American guard. Carney has averaged ovej:
18 points per game this year and will strut his stuff against
Stanford when the Indians meet Bradley's Braves in the Cow
Palace this Saturday. Stanford, riding a two-game win streak,
should find the going tough against Bradley, which, as usual,
boasts a powerful squad.

ALL-AMERICAN —Dribbling at you is Bob Carney, Bradley's
candidate for All-American guard. Carney has averaged ovej:
18 points per game this year and will strut his stuff against
Stanford when the Indians meet Bradley's Braves in the Cow
Palace this Saturday. Stanford, riding a two-game win streak,
should find the going tough against Bradley, which, as usual,
boasts a powerful squad.

ALL-AMERICAN —Dribbling at you is Bob Carney, Bradley's
candidate for All-American guard. Carney has averaged ovej:
18 points per game this year and will strut his stuff against
Stanford when the Indians meet Bradley's Braves in the Cow
Palace this Saturday. Stanford, riding a two-game win streak,
should find the going tough against Bradley, which, as usual,
boasts a powerful squad.

ALL-AMERICAN —Dribbling at you is Bob Carney, Bradley's
candidate for All-American guard. Carney has averaged ovej:
18 points per game this year and will strut his stuff against
Stanford when the Indians meet Bradley's Braves in the Cow
Palace this Saturday. Stanford, riding a two-game win streak,
should find the going tough against Bradley, which, as usual,
boasts a powerful squad.

ALL-AMERICAN —Dribbling at you is Bob Carney, Bradley's
candidate for All-American guard. Carney has averaged ovej:
18 points per game this year and will strut his stuff against
Stanford when the Indians meet Bradley's Braves in the Cow
Palace this Saturday. Stanford, riding a two-game win streak,
should find the going tough against Bradley, which, as usual,
boasts a powerful squad.

ALL-AMERICAN —Dribbling at you is Bob Carney, Bradley's
candidate for All-American guard. Carney has averaged ovej:
18 points per game this year and will strut his stuff against
Stanford when the Indians meet Bradley's Braves in the Cow
Palace this Saturday. Stanford, riding a two-game win streak,
should find the going tough against Bradley, which, as usual,
boasts a powerful squad.

ALL-AMERICAN —Dribbling at you is Bob Carney, Bradley's
candidate for All-American guard. Carney has averaged ovej:
18 points per game this year and will strut his stuff against
Stanford when the Indians meet Bradley's Braves in the Cow
Palace this Saturday. Stanford, riding a two-game win streak,
should find the going tough against Bradley, which, as usual,
boasts a powerful squad.

ALL-AMERICAN —Dribbling at you is Bob Carney, Bradley's
candidate for All-American guard. Carney has averaged ovej:
18 points per game this year and will strut his stuff against
Stanford when the Indians meet Bradley's Braves in the Cow
Palace this Saturday. Stanford, riding a two-game win streak,
should find the going tough against Bradley, which, as usual,
boasts a powerful squad.

ALL-AMERICAN —Dribbling at you is Bob Carney, Bradley's
candidate for All-American guard. Carney has averaged ovej:
18 points per game this year and will strut his stuff against
Stanford when the Indians meet Bradley's Braves in the Cow
Palace this Saturday. Stanford, riding a two-game win streak,
should find the going tough against Bradley, which, as usual,
boasts a powerful squad.

ALL-AMERICAN —Dribbling at you is Bob Carney, Bradley's
candidate for All-American guard. Carney has averaged ovej:
18 points per game this year and will strut his stuff against
Stanford when the Indians meet Bradley's Braves in the Cow
Palace this Saturday. Stanford, riding a two-game win streak,
should find the going tough against Bradley, which, as usual,
boasts a powerful squad.

ALL-AMERICAN —Dribbling at you is Bob Carney, Bradley's
candidate for All-American guard. Carney has averaged ovej:
18 points per game this year and will strut his stuff against
Stanford when the Indians meet Bradley's Braves in the Cow
Palace this Saturday. Stanford, riding a two-game win streak,
should find the going tough against Bradley, which, as usual,
boasts a powerful squad.
