# Double Bill Set For Sunday Flicks
## 
### 
Two full-length feature films will
be shown on the Sunday Flicks
Sunday night in Mem And. The
program will include the English
technicolor picture "Blue Lagoon,"
starring Jean Simmons and Donald
Houston, and the horror picture
"House of Dracula."
The show will begin at 7:25 and
will be over by 10:15. Admission
price is 20 cents.
Two full-length feature films will
be shown on the Sunday Flicks
Sunday night in Mem And. The
program will include the English
technicolor picture "Blue Lagoon,"
starring Jean Simmons and Donald
Houston, and the horror picture
"House of Dracula."
The show will begin at 7:25 and
will be over by 10:15. Admission
price is 20 cents.
Two full-length feature films will
be shown on the Sunday Flicks
Sunday night in Mem And. The
program will include the English
technicolor picture "Blue Lagoon,"
starring Jean Simmons and Donald
Houston, and the horror picture
"House of Dracula."
The show will begin at 7:25 and
will be over by 10:15. Admission
price is 20 cents.
Two full-length feature films will
be shown on the Sunday Flicks
Sunday night in Mem And. The
program will include the English
technicolor picture "Blue Lagoon,"
starring Jean Simmons and Donald
Houston, and the horror picture
"House of Dracula."
The show will begin at 7:25 and
will be over by 10:15. Admission
price is 20 cents.
Two full-length feature films will
be shown on the Sunday Flicks
Sunday night in Mem And. The
program will include the English
technicolor picture "Blue Lagoon,"
starring Jean Simmons and Donald
Houston, and the horror picture
"House of Dracula."
The show will begin at 7:25 and
will be over by 10:15. Admission
price is 20 cents.
Two full-length feature films will
be shown on the Sunday Flicks
Sunday night in Mem And. The
program will include the English
technicolor picture "Blue Lagoon,"
starring Jean Simmons and Donald
Houston, and the horror picture
"House of Dracula."
The show will begin at 7:25 and
will be over by 10:15. Admission
price is 20 cents.
Two full-length feature films will
be shown on the Sunday Flicks
Sunday night in Mem And. The
program will include the English
technicolor picture "Blue Lagoon,"
starring Jean Simmons and Donald
Houston, and the horror picture
"House of Dracula."
The show will begin at 7:25 and
will be over by 10:15. Admission
price is 20 cents.
Two full-length feature films will
be shown on the Sunday Flicks
Sunday night in Mem And. The
program will include the English
technicolor picture "Blue Lagoon,"
starring Jean Simmons and Donald
Houston, and the horror picture
"House of Dracula."
The show will begin at 7:25 and
will be over by 10:15. Admission
price is 20 cents.
Two full-length feature films will
be shown on the Sunday Flicks
Sunday night in Mem And. The
program will include the English
technicolor picture "Blue Lagoon,"
starring Jean Simmons and Donald
Houston, and the horror picture
"House of Dracula."
The show will begin at 7:25 and
will be over by 10:15. Admission
price is 20 cents.
Two full-length feature films will
be shown on the Sunday Flicks
Sunday night in Mem And. The
program will include the English
technicolor picture "Blue Lagoon,"
starring Jean Simmons and Donald
Houston, and the horror picture
"House of Dracula."
The show will begin at 7:25 and
will be over by 10:15. Admission
price is 20 cents.
Two full-length feature films will
be shown on the Sunday Flicks
Sunday night in Mem And. The
program will include the English
technicolor picture "Blue Lagoon,"
starring Jean Simmons and Donald
Houston, and the horror picture
"House of Dracula."
The show will begin at 7:25 and
will be over by 10:15. Admission
price is 20 cents.
Two full-length feature films will
be shown on the Sunday Flicks
Sunday night in Mem And. The
program will include the English
technicolor picture "Blue Lagoon,"
starring Jean Simmons and Donald
Houston, and the horror picture
"House of Dracula."
The show will begin at 7:25 and
will be over by 10:15. Admission
price is 20 cents.
Two full-length feature films will
be shown on the Sunday Flicks
Sunday night in Mem And. The
program will include the English
technicolor picture "Blue Lagoon,"
starring Jean Simmons and Donald
Houston, and the horror picture
"House of Dracula."
The show will begin at 7:25 and
will be over by 10:15. Admission
price is 20 cents.
Two full-length feature films will
be shown on the Sunday Flicks
Sunday night in Mem And. The
program will include the English
technicolor picture "Blue Lagoon,"
starring Jean Simmons and Donald
Houston, and the horror picture
"House of Dracula."
The show will begin at 7:25 and
will be over by 10:15. Admission
price is 20 cents.
Two full-length feature films will
be shown on the Sunday Flicks
Sunday night in Mem And. The
program will include the English
technicolor picture "Blue Lagoon,"
starring Jean Simmons and Donald
Houston, and the horror picture
"House of Dracula."
The show will begin at 7:25 and
will be over by 10:15. Admission
price is 20 cents.
