# Literary Societies' Programs.
## 
### 
Euphronia. — February 24th,
room 31. Set speech, B. R. Brooke,
'07. Regular debate, "Resolved,
That laws relating to marriage and
divorce should be uniform, and
that for that purpose Congress
should by constitutional amend
ment be given power to pass such
laws." Affirmative, J. L. Maloy,
'06, E. A. Cunha, '06; negative, W.
L. Blair, '05, D. D. Sales, '06.
Neßtoria. —February 24th, room
230. Set speech, O. Gibbons, '05.
Regular debate, "Resolved, That
each State's representation in Con
gress should be apportioned ac
cording to the number of voters in
said State." Affirmative, A. R.
Fletcher,'os, W. H. Tucker,'o7;
negative, G. M. Thomas, '05, J. S.
Mitchell, '07.
