# Untitled Article
## 
### 
To-morrow the University will
open her gates to welcome a throng
of visitors who will be either as
Bpectators or as participants in the
three important events which will

'mark the day. In the morning the,
athletes from three large high
schools will contest for supremacy
with track men of the Freshman
clas√ü. The presence of these pre
paratory school athletes in our
midst presents an exceptional op
portunity for that form of recruit
ing which is both legitimate and
praiseworthy. It goes without say
ing that these visitors will be
courteously treated, but an added
effort should be made to give them
a better idea of the useful side of
the University than is generally
carried away by the casual visitor.
In the evening the debating
teams representing the San Jose
High School and the Commercial
Evening High School of San Fran
cisco will contest for the interscho
lastic championship of Northern
California. The wisdom of the As
sociated Students in donating a
trophy for this debate has been
questioned in the past by some
people who were impatient for a
speedy realization of the hope that
the policy would result in bringing
strong debaters to Stanford. But if
a single debater never entered
Stanford on account of these de
bates the policy would be vindi
cated by the opportunity which it
gives preparatory school students
to visit the University under the
most favorable auspices.
During the day the women stu
dents will entertain the Collegiate
Alumnal Association, an organiza
tion which represents the highest
type of intelligent womanhood in
the State, and of whose good opin
ion Stanford can be justly proud. |
A large number of these visitors
will need entertainment to-morrow
afternoon and night, and we should
see that our reputation for hospi
tality suffers in no degree.
