# Lyman To Travel To RPI For Panel
## 
### 
Stanford's student body presi
dent is scheduled to attend a
three-day conference beginning
tomorrow at Rensselaer Poly
technic Institute (RPI) Troy,
New York for the dedication of
a new student union building.
Peter Lyman will open RPl's
"Identity '67" conference with a
discussion of "the personal re

wards of individualism and con
formity," according to an offi
cial circular sent out by RPI.
Student leaders from 12 other
American and foreign campuses
will participate.
Lyman said Monday he was
uncertain of his topic at the
conference, which has the theme
"Conformity and the Establish
ment." RPI is paying his expen
ses for the visit.
Featured speaker for the dedi
cation is Mark Hatfield, U.S.
Senator from Oregon, who will
receive an honorary degree. Also
present at the conference will
be a panel of corporate execu
tives to reply to the students'
anticipated criticisms.
According to RPI, the panel
discussions will "focus on the
student struggle for identity."
The student speakers at the con
ference will be "revolting
against conformity," RPI an
nounced.
Other students attending are
Daniel Morgan Jr., Harvard;
Robert J. Condap, MIT; Tom
Margrave, West Point; Todd
Agar, Skidmore; Joseph Korn,
City College of New York; Ber
nard Mayer, Oberlin; Chris Mur
phy, Notre Dame; Jeff Yudin,
Tulane; Alan Hadd, RPI; George
Radwanski, McGill; Udo Stol
fuss, Heidelberg; and Trevor
John Pateman, Oxford.
