# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Of late there has been a marked
tendency on the part of the spec
tators at football practice to crowd
across the sidelines in order to ob
tain a better view of the play.
Doubtless such action is purely in
voluntary, but it is obvious that it
interferes with the players and
greatly handicaps the efforts of the
coaches. During the last few days
this evil has grown to such propor
tions that if it is not remedied at
once the management will be forced
to take the matter in hand and ex
clude the offenders from the field.
Of late there has been a marked
tendency on the part of the spec
tators at football practice to crowd
across the sidelines in order to ob
tain a better view of the play.
Doubtless such action is purely in
voluntary, but it is obvious that it
interferes with the players and
greatly handicaps the efforts of the
coaches. During the last few days
this evil has grown to such propor
tions that if it is not remedied at
once the management will be forced
to take the matter in hand and ex
clude the offenders from the field.
Of late there has been a marked
tendency on the part of the spec
tators at football practice to crowd
across the sidelines in order to ob
tain a better view of the play.
Doubtless such action is purely in
voluntary, but it is obvious that it
interferes with the players and
greatly handicaps the efforts of the
coaches. During the last few days
this evil has grown to such propor
tions that if it is not remedied at
once the management will be forced
to take the matter in hand and ex
clude the offenders from the field.
Of late there has been a marked
tendency on the part of the spec
tators at football practice to crowd
across the sidelines in order to ob
tain a better view of the play.
Doubtless such action is purely in
voluntary, but it is obvious that it
interferes with the players and
greatly handicaps the efforts of the
coaches. During the last few days
this evil has grown to such propor
tions that if it is not remedied at
once the management will be forced
to take the matter in hand and ex
clude the offenders from the field.
Of late there has been a marked
tendency on the part of the spec
tators at football practice to crowd
across the sidelines in order to ob
tain a better view of the play.
Doubtless such action is purely in
voluntary, but it is obvious that it
interferes with the players and
greatly handicaps the efforts of the
coaches. During the last few days
this evil has grown to such propor
tions that if it is not remedied at
once the management will be forced
to take the matter in hand and ex
clude the offenders from the field.
Of late there has been a marked
tendency on the part of the spec
tators at football practice to crowd
across the sidelines in order to ob
tain a better view of the play.
Doubtless such action is purely in
voluntary, but it is obvious that it
interferes with the players and
greatly handicaps the efforts of the
coaches. During the last few days
this evil has grown to such propor
tions that if it is not remedied at
once the management will be forced
to take the matter in hand and ex
clude the offenders from the field.
Of late there has been a marked
tendency on the part of the spec
tators at football practice to crowd
across the sidelines in order to ob
tain a better view of the play.
Doubtless such action is purely in
voluntary, but it is obvious that it
interferes with the players and
greatly handicaps the efforts of the
coaches. During the last few days
this evil has grown to such propor
tions that if it is not remedied at
once the management will be forced
to take the matter in hand and ex
clude the offenders from the field.
Of late there has been a marked
tendency on the part of the spec
tators at football practice to crowd
across the sidelines in order to ob
tain a better view of the play.
Doubtless such action is purely in
voluntary, but it is obvious that it
interferes with the players and
greatly handicaps the efforts of the
coaches. During the last few days
this evil has grown to such propor
tions that if it is not remedied at
once the management will be forced
to take the matter in hand and ex
clude the offenders from the field.
Of late there has been a marked
tendency on the part of the spec
tators at football practice to crowd
across the sidelines in order to ob
tain a better view of the play.
Doubtless such action is purely in
voluntary, but it is obvious that it
interferes with the players and
greatly handicaps the efforts of the
coaches. During the last few days
this evil has grown to such propor
tions that if it is not remedied at
once the management will be forced
to take the matter in hand and ex
clude the offenders from the field.
