# St. Patrick's Day, March 17th.
## 
### 
Pleasing Novelties to celebrate the
day. Shamrocks, Harps of Erin, and
dainty. Green Satin Hoxes filled with
candies. At all four of Geo. Haas &
Sons' candy stores in San Francisco.
Pleasing Novelties to celebrate the
day. Shamrocks, Harps of Erin, and
dainty. Green Satin Hoxes filled with
candies. At all four of Geo. Haas &
Sons' candy stores in San Francisco.
Pleasing Novelties to celebrate the
day. Shamrocks, Harps of Erin, and
dainty. Green Satin Hoxes filled with
candies. At all four of Geo. Haas &
Sons' candy stores in San Francisco.
Pleasing Novelties to celebrate the
day. Shamrocks, Harps of Erin, and
dainty. Green Satin Hoxes filled with
candies. At all four of Geo. Haas &
Sons' candy stores in San Francisco.
Pleasing Novelties to celebrate the
day. Shamrocks, Harps of Erin, and
dainty. Green Satin Hoxes filled with
candies. At all four of Geo. Haas &
Sons' candy stores in San Francisco.
Pleasing Novelties to celebrate the
day. Shamrocks, Harps of Erin, and
dainty. Green Satin Hoxes filled with
candies. At all four of Geo. Haas &
Sons' candy stores in San Francisco.
Pleasing Novelties to celebrate the
day. Shamrocks, Harps of Erin, and
dainty. Green Satin Hoxes filled with
candies. At all four of Geo. Haas &
Sons' candy stores in San Francisco.
Pleasing Novelties to celebrate the
day. Shamrocks, Harps of Erin, and
dainty. Green Satin Hoxes filled with
candies. At all four of Geo. Haas &
Sons' candy stores in San Francisco.
Pleasing Novelties to celebrate the
day. Shamrocks, Harps of Erin, and
dainty. Green Satin Hoxes filled with
candies. At all four of Geo. Haas &
Sons' candy stores in San Francisco.
Pleasing Novelties to celebrate the
day. Shamrocks, Harps of Erin, and
dainty. Green Satin Hoxes filled with
candies. At all four of Geo. Haas &
Sons' candy stores in San Francisco.
Pleasing Novelties to celebrate the
day. Shamrocks, Harps of Erin, and
dainty. Green Satin Hoxes filled with
candies. At all four of Geo. Haas &
Sons' candy stores in San Francisco.
Pleasing Novelties to celebrate the
day. Shamrocks, Harps of Erin, and
dainty. Green Satin Hoxes filled with
candies. At all four of Geo. Haas &
Sons' candy stores in San Francisco.
