# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The season for class baseball
games is rapidly passing by and
before it is gone the Sophoiuore-
Junior contest should take place.
The season for class baseball
games is rapidly passing by and
before it is gone the Sophoiuore-
Junior contest should take place.
The season for class baseball
games is rapidly passing by and
before it is gone the Sophoiuore-
Junior contest should take place.
The season for class baseball
games is rapidly passing by and
before it is gone the Sophoiuore-
Junior contest should take place.
The season for class baseball
games is rapidly passing by and
before it is gone the Sophoiuore-
Junior contest should take place.
The season for class baseball
games is rapidly passing by and
before it is gone the Sophoiuore-
Junior contest should take place.
