# Roble Head Leaves For Hawaiian Trip
## 
### 
Miss Elizabeth Crandall, director
of Roble Hall for summer quarter
sailed on the Lurline Thursday for
the Hawaiian islands. She plans to
spend a month's vacation in Hono
lulu, and will return to the campus
late in September.
Mrs. Dayton Phillips, who as Miss
Eleanor Eddy was director of Union
residence last year, will replace
Miss Crandall at Roble for the re
mainder of the summer quarter.
Miss Elizabeth Crandall, director
of Roble Hall for summer quarter
sailed on the Lurline Thursday for
the Hawaiian islands. She plans to
spend a month's vacation in Hono
lulu, and will return to the campus
late in September.
Mrs. Dayton Phillips, who as Miss
Eleanor Eddy was director of Union
residence last year, will replace
Miss Crandall at Roble for the re
mainder of the summer quarter.
Miss Elizabeth Crandall, director
of Roble Hall for summer quarter
sailed on the Lurline Thursday for
the Hawaiian islands. She plans to
spend a month's vacation in Hono
lulu, and will return to the campus
late in September.
Mrs. Dayton Phillips, who as Miss
Eleanor Eddy was director of Union
residence last year, will replace
Miss Crandall at Roble for the re
mainder of the summer quarter.
Miss Elizabeth Crandall, director
of Roble Hall for summer quarter
sailed on the Lurline Thursday for
the Hawaiian islands. She plans to
spend a month's vacation in Hono
lulu, and will return to the campus
late in September.
Mrs. Dayton Phillips, who as Miss
Eleanor Eddy was director of Union
residence last year, will replace
Miss Crandall at Roble for the re
mainder of the summer quarter.
Miss Elizabeth Crandall, director
of Roble Hall for summer quarter
sailed on the Lurline Thursday for
the Hawaiian islands. She plans to
spend a month's vacation in Hono
lulu, and will return to the campus
late in September.
Mrs. Dayton Phillips, who as Miss
Eleanor Eddy was director of Union
residence last year, will replace
Miss Crandall at Roble for the re
mainder of the summer quarter.
Miss Elizabeth Crandall, director
of Roble Hall for summer quarter
sailed on the Lurline Thursday for
the Hawaiian islands. She plans to
spend a month's vacation in Hono
lulu, and will return to the campus
late in September.
Mrs. Dayton Phillips, who as Miss
Eleanor Eddy was director of Union
residence last year, will replace
Miss Crandall at Roble for the re
mainder of the summer quarter.
Miss Elizabeth Crandall, director
of Roble Hall for summer quarter
sailed on the Lurline Thursday for
the Hawaiian islands. She plans to
spend a month's vacation in Hono
lulu, and will return to the campus
late in September.
Mrs. Dayton Phillips, who as Miss
Eleanor Eddy was director of Union
residence last year, will replace
Miss Crandall at Roble for the re
mainder of the summer quarter.
Miss Elizabeth Crandall, director
of Roble Hall for summer quarter
sailed on the Lurline Thursday for
the Hawaiian islands. She plans to
spend a month's vacation in Hono
lulu, and will return to the campus
late in September.
Mrs. Dayton Phillips, who as Miss
Eleanor Eddy was director of Union
residence last year, will replace
Miss Crandall at Roble for the re
mainder of the summer quarter.
Miss Elizabeth Crandall, director
of Roble Hall for summer quarter
sailed on the Lurline Thursday for
the Hawaiian islands. She plans to
spend a month's vacation in Hono
lulu, and will return to the campus
late in September.
Mrs. Dayton Phillips, who as Miss
Eleanor Eddy was director of Union
residence last year, will replace
Miss Crandall at Roble for the re
mainder of the summer quarter.
Miss Elizabeth Crandall, director
of Roble Hall for summer quarter
sailed on the Lurline Thursday for
the Hawaiian islands. She plans to
spend a month's vacation in Hono
lulu, and will return to the campus
late in September.
Mrs. Dayton Phillips, who as Miss
Eleanor Eddy was director of Union
residence last year, will replace
Miss Crandall at Roble for the re
mainder of the summer quarter.
Miss Elizabeth Crandall, director
of Roble Hall for summer quarter
sailed on the Lurline Thursday for
the Hawaiian islands. She plans to
spend a month's vacation in Hono
lulu, and will return to the campus
late in September.
Mrs. Dayton Phillips, who as Miss
Eleanor Eddy was director of Union
residence last year, will replace
Miss Crandall at Roble for the re
mainder of the summer quarter.
Miss Elizabeth Crandall, director
of Roble Hall for summer quarter
sailed on the Lurline Thursday for
the Hawaiian islands. She plans to
spend a month's vacation in Hono
lulu, and will return to the campus
late in September.
Mrs. Dayton Phillips, who as Miss
Eleanor Eddy was director of Union
residence last year, will replace
Miss Crandall at Roble for the re
mainder of the summer quarter.
Miss Elizabeth Crandall, director
of Roble Hall for summer quarter
sailed on the Lurline Thursday for
the Hawaiian islands. She plans to
spend a month's vacation in Hono
lulu, and will return to the campus
late in September.
Mrs. Dayton Phillips, who as Miss
Eleanor Eddy was director of Union
residence last year, will replace
Miss Crandall at Roble for the re
mainder of the summer quarter.
Miss Elizabeth Crandall, director
of Roble Hall for summer quarter
sailed on the Lurline Thursday for
the Hawaiian islands. She plans to
spend a month's vacation in Hono
lulu, and will return to the campus
late in September.
Mrs. Dayton Phillips, who as Miss
Eleanor Eddy was director of Union
residence last year, will replace
Miss Crandall at Roble for the re
mainder of the summer quarter.
Miss Elizabeth Crandall, director
of Roble Hall for summer quarter
sailed on the Lurline Thursday for
the Hawaiian islands. She plans to
spend a month's vacation in Hono
lulu, and will return to the campus
late in September.
Mrs. Dayton Phillips, who as Miss
Eleanor Eddy was director of Union
residence last year, will replace
Miss Crandall at Roble for the re
mainder of the summer quarter.
Miss Elizabeth Crandall, director
of Roble Hall for summer quarter
sailed on the Lurline Thursday for
the Hawaiian islands. She plans to
spend a month's vacation in Hono
lulu, and will return to the campus
late in September.
Mrs. Dayton Phillips, who as Miss
Eleanor Eddy was director of Union
residence last year, will replace
Miss Crandall at Roble for the re
mainder of the summer quarter.
