# Pre-Registration Plans Announced
## 
### 
A complete program, covering pre
registration and matriculation ac
tivities from September 22 to Octo
ber 1 has been arranged and dis
tributed to new students, along
with handbooks, according to the
A.S.S.U. office.
Roble and Encina halls will open
Friday, September 22. New stu
dents will have an opportunity to
meet their academic advisers Sat
urday, September 23, following an
assembly in Memorial Hall. Sep
tember 25 will be registration day
for new students; old students will
register September 26.

Pearl Buck, Nobel prize winner in
literature, says that the greatest
waste of the nation's natural re
sources is the undeveloped brain
power of American women.

During 1938, a total of 2,698 air
craft was produced in the United
States as compared with 2,915 in
1937 and 2,152 planes produced dur
ing 1936.
