# CHURCHES CLAIMED MENACE TO R.O.T.C.
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Feb. 3 (/P.). — ,
Lieutenant Colonel Orvel Johnson, I
executive secretary of the Reserve I
Officers Training Corp association, !
today told the women's patriotic |
conference on national defense "the !
greatest menace" to the Reserve Of- i
fleers Training Corps "is the Fed- i
oral Council of Churches of Christ I
in America."
"How to protect the Protestant j
churches from the pacifist preachers i
is one of the greatest problems in :
America at this time."

TOKYO, Feb. 3. (A*) — Satuki

Hara, the Japanese interpreter re
sponsible for the attack upon Cul
ver B. Chamberlain, American con
sular official, in Mukden, on Janu
ary 3, today was sentenced to three
months in military prison. The two i
Japanese sentries who attacked
Chamberlain at Hara's instruction
were reprimanded and returned to
duty.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 3 (/P.). — ,
Lieutenant Colonel Orvel Johnson, I
executive secretary of the Reserve I
Officers Training Corp association, !
today told the women's patriotic |
conference on national defense "the !
greatest menace" to the Reserve Of- i
fleers Training Corps "is the Fed- i
oral Council of Churches of Christ I
in America."
"How to protect the Protestant j
churches from the pacifist preachers i
is one of the greatest problems in :
America at this time."

TOKYO, Feb. 3. (A*) — Satuki

Hara, the Japanese interpreter re
sponsible for the attack upon Cul
ver B. Chamberlain, American con
sular official, in Mukden, on Janu
ary 3, today was sentenced to three
months in military prison. The two i
Japanese sentries who attacked
Chamberlain at Hara's instruction
were reprimanded and returned to
duty.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 3 (/P.). — ,
Lieutenant Colonel Orvel Johnson, I
executive secretary of the Reserve I
Officers Training Corp association, !
today told the women's patriotic |
conference on national defense "the !
greatest menace" to the Reserve Of- i
fleers Training Corps "is the Fed- i
oral Council of Churches of Christ I
in America."
"How to protect the Protestant j
churches from the pacifist preachers i
is one of the greatest problems in :
America at this time."

TOKYO, Feb. 3. (A*) — Satuki

Hara, the Japanese interpreter re
sponsible for the attack upon Cul
ver B. Chamberlain, American con
sular official, in Mukden, on Janu
ary 3, today was sentenced to three
months in military prison. The two i
Japanese sentries who attacked
Chamberlain at Hara's instruction
were reprimanded and returned to
duty.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 3 (/P.). — ,
Lieutenant Colonel Orvel Johnson, I
executive secretary of the Reserve I
Officers Training Corp association, !
today told the women's patriotic |
conference on national defense "the !
greatest menace" to the Reserve Of- i
fleers Training Corps "is the Fed- i
oral Council of Churches of Christ I
in America."
"How to protect the Protestant j
churches from the pacifist preachers i
is one of the greatest problems in :
America at this time."

TOKYO, Feb. 3. (A*) — Satuki

Hara, the Japanese interpreter re
sponsible for the attack upon Cul
ver B. Chamberlain, American con
sular official, in Mukden, on Janu
ary 3, today was sentenced to three
months in military prison. The two i
Japanese sentries who attacked
Chamberlain at Hara's instruction
were reprimanded and returned to
duty.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 3 (/P.). — ,
Lieutenant Colonel Orvel Johnson, I
executive secretary of the Reserve I
Officers Training Corp association, !
today told the women's patriotic |
conference on national defense "the !
greatest menace" to the Reserve Of- i
fleers Training Corps "is the Fed- i
oral Council of Churches of Christ I
in America."
"How to protect the Protestant j
churches from the pacifist preachers i
is one of the greatest problems in :
America at this time."

TOKYO, Feb. 3. (A*) — Satuki

Hara, the Japanese interpreter re
sponsible for the attack upon Cul
ver B. Chamberlain, American con
sular official, in Mukden, on Janu
ary 3, today was sentenced to three
months in military prison. The two i
Japanese sentries who attacked
Chamberlain at Hara's instruction
were reprimanded and returned to
duty.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 3 (/P.). — ,
Lieutenant Colonel Orvel Johnson, I
executive secretary of the Reserve I
Officers Training Corp association, !
today told the women's patriotic |
conference on national defense "the !
greatest menace" to the Reserve Of- i
fleers Training Corps "is the Fed- i
oral Council of Churches of Christ I
in America."
"How to protect the Protestant j
churches from the pacifist preachers i
is one of the greatest problems in :
America at this time."

TOKYO, Feb. 3. (A*) — Satuki

Hara, the Japanese interpreter re
sponsible for the attack upon Cul
ver B. Chamberlain, American con
sular official, in Mukden, on Janu
ary 3, today was sentenced to three
months in military prison. The two i
Japanese sentries who attacked
Chamberlain at Hara's instruction
were reprimanded and returned to
duty.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 3 (/P.). — ,
Lieutenant Colonel Orvel Johnson, I
executive secretary of the Reserve I
Officers Training Corp association, !
today told the women's patriotic |
conference on national defense "the !
greatest menace" to the Reserve Of- i
fleers Training Corps "is the Fed- i
oral Council of Churches of Christ I
in America."
"How to protect the Protestant j
churches from the pacifist preachers i
is one of the greatest problems in :
America at this time."

TOKYO, Feb. 3. (A*) — Satuki

Hara, the Japanese interpreter re
sponsible for the attack upon Cul
ver B. Chamberlain, American con
sular official, in Mukden, on Janu
ary 3, today was sentenced to three
months in military prison. The two i
Japanese sentries who attacked
Chamberlain at Hara's instruction
were reprimanded and returned to
duty.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 3 (/P.). — ,
Lieutenant Colonel Orvel Johnson, I
executive secretary of the Reserve I
Officers Training Corp association, !
today told the women's patriotic |
conference on national defense "the !
greatest menace" to the Reserve Of- i
fleers Training Corps "is the Fed- i
oral Council of Churches of Christ I
in America."
"How to protect the Protestant j
churches from the pacifist preachers i
is one of the greatest problems in :
America at this time."

TOKYO, Feb. 3. (A*) — Satuki

Hara, the Japanese interpreter re
sponsible for the attack upon Cul
ver B. Chamberlain, American con
sular official, in Mukden, on Janu
ary 3, today was sentenced to three
months in military prison. The two i
Japanese sentries who attacked
Chamberlain at Hara's instruction
were reprimanded and returned to
duty.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 3 (/P.). — ,
Lieutenant Colonel Orvel Johnson, I
executive secretary of the Reserve I
Officers Training Corp association, !
today told the women's patriotic |
conference on national defense "the !
greatest menace" to the Reserve Of- i
fleers Training Corps "is the Fed- i
oral Council of Churches of Christ I
in America."
"How to protect the Protestant j
churches from the pacifist preachers i
is one of the greatest problems in :
America at this time."

TOKYO, Feb. 3. (A*) — Satuki

Hara, the Japanese interpreter re
sponsible for the attack upon Cul
ver B. Chamberlain, American con
sular official, in Mukden, on Janu
ary 3, today was sentenced to three
months in military prison. The two i
Japanese sentries who attacked
Chamberlain at Hara's instruction
were reprimanded and returned to
duty.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 3 (/P.). — ,
Lieutenant Colonel Orvel Johnson, I
executive secretary of the Reserve I
Officers Training Corp association, !
today told the women's patriotic |
conference on national defense "the !
greatest menace" to the Reserve Of- i
fleers Training Corps "is the Fed- i
oral Council of Churches of Christ I
in America."
"How to protect the Protestant j
churches from the pacifist preachers i
is one of the greatest problems in :
America at this time."

TOKYO, Feb. 3. (A*) — Satuki

Hara, the Japanese interpreter re
sponsible for the attack upon Cul
ver B. Chamberlain, American con
sular official, in Mukden, on Janu
ary 3, today was sentenced to three
months in military prison. The two i
Japanese sentries who attacked
Chamberlain at Hara's instruction
were reprimanded and returned to
duty.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 3 (/P.). — ,
Lieutenant Colonel Orvel Johnson, I
executive secretary of the Reserve I
Officers Training Corp association, !
today told the women's patriotic |
conference on national defense "the !
greatest menace" to the Reserve Of- i
fleers Training Corps "is the Fed- i
oral Council of Churches of Christ I
in America."
"How to protect the Protestant j
churches from the pacifist preachers i
is one of the greatest problems in :
America at this time."

TOKYO, Feb. 3. (A*) — Satuki

Hara, the Japanese interpreter re
sponsible for the attack upon Cul
ver B. Chamberlain, American con
sular official, in Mukden, on Janu
ary 3, today was sentenced to three
months in military prison. The two i
Japanese sentries who attacked
Chamberlain at Hara's instruction
were reprimanded and returned to
duty.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 3 (/P.). — ,
Lieutenant Colonel Orvel Johnson, I
executive secretary of the Reserve I
Officers Training Corp association, !
today told the women's patriotic |
conference on national defense "the !
greatest menace" to the Reserve Of- i
fleers Training Corps "is the Fed- i
oral Council of Churches of Christ I
in America."
"How to protect the Protestant j
churches from the pacifist preachers i
is one of the greatest problems in :
America at this time."

TOKYO, Feb. 3. (A*) — Satuki

Hara, the Japanese interpreter re
sponsible for the attack upon Cul
ver B. Chamberlain, American con
sular official, in Mukden, on Janu
ary 3, today was sentenced to three
months in military prison. The two i
Japanese sentries who attacked
Chamberlain at Hara's instruction
were reprimanded and returned to
duty.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 3 (/P.). — ,
Lieutenant Colonel Orvel Johnson, I
executive secretary of the Reserve I
Officers Training Corp association, !
today told the women's patriotic |
conference on national defense "the !
greatest menace" to the Reserve Of- i
fleers Training Corps "is the Fed- i
oral Council of Churches of Christ I
in America."
"How to protect the Protestant j
churches from the pacifist preachers i
is one of the greatest problems in :
America at this time."

TOKYO, Feb. 3. (A*) — Satuki

Hara, the Japanese interpreter re
sponsible for the attack upon Cul
ver B. Chamberlain, American con
sular official, in Mukden, on Janu
ary 3, today was sentenced to three
months in military prison. The two i
Japanese sentries who attacked
Chamberlain at Hara's instruction
were reprimanded and returned to
duty.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 3 (/P.). — ,
Lieutenant Colonel Orvel Johnson, I
executive secretary of the Reserve I
Officers Training Corp association, !
today told the women's patriotic |
conference on national defense "the !
greatest menace" to the Reserve Of- i
fleers Training Corps "is the Fed- i
oral Council of Churches of Christ I
in America."
"How to protect the Protestant j
churches from the pacifist preachers i
is one of the greatest problems in :
America at this time."

TOKYO, Feb. 3. (A*) — Satuki

Hara, the Japanese interpreter re
sponsible for the attack upon Cul
ver B. Chamberlain, American con
sular official, in Mukden, on Janu
ary 3, today was sentenced to three
months in military prison. The two i
Japanese sentries who attacked
Chamberlain at Hara's instruction
were reprimanded and returned to
duty.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 3 (/P.). — ,
Lieutenant Colonel Orvel Johnson, I
executive secretary of the Reserve I
Officers Training Corp association, !
today told the women's patriotic |
conference on national defense "the !
greatest menace" to the Reserve Of- i
fleers Training Corps "is the Fed- i
oral Council of Churches of Christ I
in America."
"How to protect the Protestant j
churches from the pacifist preachers i
is one of the greatest problems in :
America at this time."

TOKYO, Feb. 3. (A*) — Satuki

Hara, the Japanese interpreter re
sponsible for the attack upon Cul
ver B. Chamberlain, American con
sular official, in Mukden, on Janu
ary 3, today was sentenced to three
months in military prison. The two i
Japanese sentries who attacked
Chamberlain at Hara's instruction
were reprimanded and returned to
duty.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 3 (/P.). — ,
Lieutenant Colonel Orvel Johnson, I
executive secretary of the Reserve I
Officers Training Corp association, !
today told the women's patriotic |
conference on national defense "the !
greatest menace" to the Reserve Of- i
fleers Training Corps "is the Fed- i
oral Council of Churches of Christ I
in America."
"How to protect the Protestant j
churches from the pacifist preachers i
is one of the greatest problems in :
America at this time."

TOKYO, Feb. 3. (A*) — Satuki

Hara, the Japanese interpreter re
sponsible for the attack upon Cul
ver B. Chamberlain, American con
sular official, in Mukden, on Janu
ary 3, today was sentenced to three
months in military prison. The two i
Japanese sentries who attacked
Chamberlain at Hara's instruction
were reprimanded and returned to
duty.
