# GIVE TEA TO HONOR HISTORY DEPARTMENT
## 
### 
A tea honoring the history depart- i
ment will be given under the au- '
apices of the Y.W.C.A. tomorrow '
afternoon from 4 to 6 o'clock in the
"Y" rooms on the third floor of the j
Women's Clubhouse.
Professors in the department in- [
eluding Robinson, Bailey, Treat, i
lehihashi, Hulme and others with j
their wives been invited as spe- I
cial guests. All students, both men j
and women, interested, and correc- !
tors, majors, and grads in the De- I
partment of History are invited to
attend the tea and meet professors i
and instructors informally and be
come better acquainted with them.
Hostesses for the tea are Marion |
Jones, and Catherine Guerard who j
will be assisted by the social com
mittee and the cabinet of the "Y." j
This is the second in the series of
departmental teas being given each
Friday of this quarter to promote
better interest and good fellowship !
between professors and students. ;
The tea last week was in honor of ]
the classical literature department, i
