# READING TRYOUTS
## 
### 
Tryouts for the forthcoming Mas
quers reading will be held in the
Little Theatre from 3 to 5 o'clock
tomorrow afternoon.
Tryouts for the forthcoming Mas
quers reading will be held in the
Little Theatre from 3 to 5 o'clock
tomorrow afternoon.
Tryouts for the forthcoming Mas
quers reading will be held in the
Little Theatre from 3 to 5 o'clock
tomorrow afternoon.
Tryouts for the forthcoming Mas
quers reading will be held in the
Little Theatre from 3 to 5 o'clock
tomorrow afternoon.
Tryouts for the forthcoming Mas
quers reading will be held in the
Little Theatre from 3 to 5 o'clock
tomorrow afternoon.
Tryouts for the forthcoming Mas
quers reading will be held in the
Little Theatre from 3 to 5 o'clock
tomorrow afternoon.
Tryouts for the forthcoming Mas
quers reading will be held in the
Little Theatre from 3 to 5 o'clock
tomorrow afternoon.
Tryouts for the forthcoming Mas
quers reading will be held in the
Little Theatre from 3 to 5 o'clock
tomorrow afternoon.
Tryouts for the forthcoming Mas
quers reading will be held in the
Little Theatre from 3 to 5 o'clock
tomorrow afternoon.
Tryouts for the forthcoming Mas
quers reading will be held in the
Little Theatre from 3 to 5 o'clock
tomorrow afternoon.
Tryouts for the forthcoming Mas
quers reading will be held in the
Little Theatre from 3 to 5 o'clock
tomorrow afternoon.
Tryouts for the forthcoming Mas
quers reading will be held in the
Little Theatre from 3 to 5 o'clock
tomorrow afternoon.
Tryouts for the forthcoming Mas
quers reading will be held in the
Little Theatre from 3 to 5 o'clock
tomorrow afternoon.
Tryouts for the forthcoming Mas
quers reading will be held in the
Little Theatre from 3 to 5 o'clock
tomorrow afternoon.
Tryouts for the forthcoming Mas
quers reading will be held in the
Little Theatre from 3 to 5 o'clock
tomorrow afternoon.
