# ON TRIAL
## 
### 

David Lamson goes on trial for
the second time today for the
murder of his wife. Allene, in
their home on the Stanford cam
pus in 1933. The case which sci
ence brought against Lamson in
his first trial has undergone a
"thorough overhauling, and has
been amplified in college labora
tories."

David Lamson goes on trial for
the second time today for the
murder of his wife. Allene, in
their home on the Stanford cam
pus in 1933. The case which sci
ence brought against Lamson in
his first trial has undergone a
"thorough overhauling, and has
been amplified in college labora
tories."

David Lamson goes on trial for
the second time today for the
murder of his wife. Allene, in
their home on the Stanford cam
pus in 1933. The case which sci
ence brought against Lamson in
his first trial has undergone a
"thorough overhauling, and has
been amplified in college labora
tories."

David Lamson goes on trial for
the second time today for the
murder of his wife. Allene, in
their home on the Stanford cam
pus in 1933. The case which sci
ence brought against Lamson in
his first trial has undergone a
"thorough overhauling, and has
been amplified in college labora
tories."

David Lamson goes on trial for
the second time today for the
murder of his wife. Allene, in
their home on the Stanford cam
pus in 1933. The case which sci
ence brought against Lamson in
his first trial has undergone a
"thorough overhauling, and has
been amplified in college labora
tories."

David Lamson goes on trial for
the second time today for the
murder of his wife. Allene, in
their home on the Stanford cam
pus in 1933. The case which sci
ence brought against Lamson in
his first trial has undergone a
"thorough overhauling, and has
been amplified in college labora
tories."

David Lamson goes on trial for
the second time today for the
murder of his wife. Allene, in
their home on the Stanford cam
pus in 1933. The case which sci
ence brought against Lamson in
his first trial has undergone a
"thorough overhauling, and has
been amplified in college labora
tories."

David Lamson goes on trial for
the second time today for the
murder of his wife. Allene, in
their home on the Stanford cam
pus in 1933. The case which sci
ence brought against Lamson in
his first trial has undergone a
"thorough overhauling, and has
been amplified in college labora
tories."

David Lamson goes on trial for
the second time today for the
murder of his wife. Allene, in
their home on the Stanford cam
pus in 1933. The case which sci
ence brought against Lamson in
his first trial has undergone a
"thorough overhauling, and has
been amplified in college labora
tories."

David Lamson goes on trial for
the second time today for the
murder of his wife. Allene, in
their home on the Stanford cam
pus in 1933. The case which sci
ence brought against Lamson in
his first trial has undergone a
"thorough overhauling, and has
been amplified in college labora
tories."

David Lamson goes on trial for
the second time today for the
murder of his wife. Allene, in
their home on the Stanford cam
pus in 1933. The case which sci
ence brought against Lamson in
his first trial has undergone a
"thorough overhauling, and has
been amplified in college labora
tories."

David Lamson goes on trial for
the second time today for the
murder of his wife. Allene, in
their home on the Stanford cam
pus in 1933. The case which sci
ence brought against Lamson in
his first trial has undergone a
"thorough overhauling, and has
been amplified in college labora
tories."

David Lamson goes on trial for
the second time today for the
murder of his wife. Allene, in
their home on the Stanford cam
pus in 1933. The case which sci
ence brought against Lamson in
his first trial has undergone a
"thorough overhauling, and has
been amplified in college labora
tories."

David Lamson goes on trial for
the second time today for the
murder of his wife. Allene, in
their home on the Stanford cam
pus in 1933. The case which sci
ence brought against Lamson in
his first trial has undergone a
"thorough overhauling, and has
been amplified in college labora
tories."

David Lamson goes on trial for
the second time today for the
murder of his wife. Allene, in
their home on the Stanford cam
pus in 1933. The case which sci
ence brought against Lamson in
his first trial has undergone a
"thorough overhauling, and has
been amplified in college labora
tories."
