# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
GIRLS' LEVI S
Here Again
$2.98
They're the originals—
made of fine quality san
forized blue denim with
tight-fitting legs for rid
ing or roughing it.
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
GIRLS' LEVI S
Here Again
$2.98
They're the originals—
made of fine quality san
forized blue denim with
tight-fitting legs for rid
ing or roughing it.
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
GIRLS' LEVI S
Here Again
$2.98
They're the originals—
made of fine quality san
forized blue denim with
tight-fitting legs for rid
ing or roughing it.
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
GIRLS' LEVI S
Here Again
$2.98
They're the originals—
made of fine quality san
forized blue denim with
tight-fitting legs for rid
ing or roughing it.
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
GIRLS' LEVI S
Here Again
$2.98
They're the originals—
made of fine quality san
forized blue denim with
tight-fitting legs for rid
ing or roughing it.
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
GIRLS' LEVI S
Here Again
$2.98
They're the originals—
made of fine quality san
forized blue denim with
tight-fitting legs for rid
ing or roughing it.
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
GIRLS' LEVI S
Here Again
$2.98
They're the originals—
made of fine quality san
forized blue denim with
tight-fitting legs for rid
ing or roughing it.
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
GIRLS' LEVI S
Here Again
$2.98
They're the originals—
made of fine quality san
forized blue denim with
tight-fitting legs for rid
ing or roughing it.
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
GIRLS' LEVI S
Here Again
$2.98
They're the originals—
made of fine quality san
forized blue denim with
tight-fitting legs for rid
ing or roughing it.
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
GIRLS' LEVI S
Here Again
$2.98
They're the originals—
made of fine quality san
forized blue denim with
tight-fitting legs for rid
ing or roughing it.
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
GIRLS' LEVI S
Here Again
$2.98
They're the originals—
made of fine quality san
forized blue denim with
tight-fitting legs for rid
ing or roughing it.
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
GIRLS' LEVI S
Here Again
$2.98
They're the originals—
made of fine quality san
forized blue denim with
tight-fitting legs for rid
ing or roughing it.
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
GIRLS' LEVI S
Here Again
$2.98
They're the originals—
made of fine quality san
forized blue denim with
tight-fitting legs for rid
ing or roughing it.
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
GIRLS' LEVI S
Here Again
$2.98
They're the originals—
made of fine quality san
forized blue denim with
tight-fitting legs for rid
ing or roughing it.
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
GIRLS' LEVI S
Here Again
$2.98
They're the originals—
made of fine quality san
forized blue denim with
tight-fitting legs for rid
ing or roughing it.
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
GIRLS' LEVI S
Here Again
$2.98
They're the originals—
made of fine quality san
forized blue denim with
tight-fitting legs for rid
ing or roughing it.
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
