# MONROE
## 
### 
Getting a head start on other cam
pus dances, the Monroe Hall Win
terland Ball will begin tomorrow
night at 8:30 rather than at 9, ac
cording to Chairman Bob Ruben
stein.
Going all-out for realism, Bob
Breer, decorations manager, will
carry out the wintry theme with
snow-covered fir.sand pines about
the entrance, and real snow packed
about the doorway.
Our Hasher Joe Sher will be the
emcee in an entertainment program
featuring Branner's Leslie Alexan
der singing "I'll Walk Alone,"' magic
stunts by Doug Du Lac, romantic
songs by the Army's Pinky Tanner,
and piano recital of romantic music
by Boyd Seymour.
This show will begin to unfold at
midnight, and will include a round
of familiar campus songs led by Rick
Supple.
The Quad is preparing a special
section for the '45 edition entitled
"Quad Goes to a Dance at Monroe."
Photographers will be on hand to
morrow night, taking typical shots.
