# Adv. 12 Page 4
## 
### 
LOST
LOST —Blue binder, taken from En
cina bootblack stand, Thursday or
Friday. Please return to Leschke,
549 Encina.
LOST —Brown, leather jacket, at
women's tennis courts;, Saturday
morning. Return to Daily Busi
ness Office.
LOST —Parker pearl and Mack pen.
Leaks. Call 22576, Gruesome
Grotto.
FOR RENT
FOR RENT—Large, sunny, nicely
furnished front room. Heat. Con
tinuous hot water; garage. Rea
sonable. 667 Channing. P.A. 7894.
FOR RENT—I 746 seats in the Stan
ford Assembly Hall for the eve
ning of Friday, February 2. For
the entertainment of our tenants
DISTANT DRUMS will be pre
sented by the Dramatic Council.
Rents payable in advance—sl, 75c,
and 50c.
FOR SALE
FOR SALE — Upright Underwood
typewriter, in fine condition. See
at 428 Encina or write Don Hardy,
Box 1468.
