# CHI O PLEDGE
## 
### 
Chi Omega announces the pledg
ing of Alice Ann Henderson, '35.
Chi Omega announces the pledg
ing of Alice Ann Henderson, '35.
Chi Omega announces the pledg
ing of Alice Ann Henderson, '35.
Chi Omega announces the pledg
ing of Alice Ann Henderson, '35.
Chi Omega announces the pledg
ing of Alice Ann Henderson, '35.
Chi Omega announces the pledg
ing of Alice Ann Henderson, '35.
Chi Omega announces the pledg
ing of Alice Ann Henderson, '35.
Chi Omega announces the pledg
ing of Alice Ann Henderson, '35.
Chi Omega announces the pledg
ing of Alice Ann Henderson, '35.
Chi Omega announces the pledg
ing of Alice Ann Henderson, '35.
Chi Omega announces the pledg
ing of Alice Ann Henderson, '35.
Chi Omega announces the pledg
ing of Alice Ann Henderson, '35.
Chi Omega announces the pledg
ing of Alice Ann Henderson, '35.
Chi Omega announces the pledg
ing of Alice Ann Henderson, '35.
Chi Omega announces the pledg
ing of Alice Ann Henderson, '35.
