# Keesling at Modesto.
## 
### 
The following is from the Modesto
Evening News of October 21:
" F. V. Keesling, a graduate of
Stanford University, was in town
today. He is travelling in the in
terest of the non-taxation of the
property that is used bv and was
donated to the Stanford University.
Mr. Keesling proposes to interview
the members of the Legislature and
interest them in the matter of favor
ing a constitutional amendment
exempting the Stanford University
property and the building in San
Francisco which is a part of the
University, and wholly devoted to
the University, from taxation. Two
years ago an act was before the
Legislature to exempt all of the
Stanford property that was set apart
for the University and included the
20,000 acre ranch in Butte county
and one other large tract of land.
Under the proposed amendment
only the two buildings above men
tioned are to be exempt. The meas
ure is non-political. The Stanford
ites feel that they should have the
same privileges as the State Uni
versity. Mr. Keesling went south
today to see the representatives in
the lower portion of the valley."
