# Happy Hour Today
## 
### 
Another Senior Happy Hour is
being held today at Rudolfo's
from 1 to 6 p.m. The occasion is
the Winter Quarter Reunion. Re
member that only one more such
reunion remains after today.
Another Senior Happy Hour is
being held today at Rudolfo's
from 1 to 6 p.m. The occasion is
the Winter Quarter Reunion. Re
member that only one more such
reunion remains after today.
Another Senior Happy Hour is
being held today at Rudolfo's
from 1 to 6 p.m. The occasion is
the Winter Quarter Reunion. Re
member that only one more such
reunion remains after today.
Another Senior Happy Hour is
being held today at Rudolfo's
from 1 to 6 p.m. The occasion is
the Winter Quarter Reunion. Re
member that only one more such
reunion remains after today.
Another Senior Happy Hour is
being held today at Rudolfo's
from 1 to 6 p.m. The occasion is
the Winter Quarter Reunion. Re
member that only one more such
reunion remains after today.
Another Senior Happy Hour is
being held today at Rudolfo's
from 1 to 6 p.m. The occasion is
the Winter Quarter Reunion. Re
member that only one more such
reunion remains after today.
Another Senior Happy Hour is
being held today at Rudolfo's
from 1 to 6 p.m. The occasion is
the Winter Quarter Reunion. Re
member that only one more such
reunion remains after today.
Another Senior Happy Hour is
being held today at Rudolfo's
from 1 to 6 p.m. The occasion is
the Winter Quarter Reunion. Re
member that only one more such
reunion remains after today.
Another Senior Happy Hour is
being held today at Rudolfo's
from 1 to 6 p.m. The occasion is
the Winter Quarter Reunion. Re
member that only one more such
reunion remains after today.
Another Senior Happy Hour is
being held today at Rudolfo's
from 1 to 6 p.m. The occasion is
the Winter Quarter Reunion. Re
member that only one more such
reunion remains after today.
Another Senior Happy Hour is
being held today at Rudolfo's
from 1 to 6 p.m. The occasion is
the Winter Quarter Reunion. Re
member that only one more such
reunion remains after today.
Another Senior Happy Hour is
being held today at Rudolfo's
from 1 to 6 p.m. The occasion is
the Winter Quarter Reunion. Re
member that only one more such
reunion remains after today.
Another Senior Happy Hour is
being held today at Rudolfo's
from 1 to 6 p.m. The occasion is
the Winter Quarter Reunion. Re
member that only one more such
reunion remains after today.
Another Senior Happy Hour is
being held today at Rudolfo's
from 1 to 6 p.m. The occasion is
the Winter Quarter Reunion. Re
member that only one more such
reunion remains after today.
Another Senior Happy Hour is
being held today at Rudolfo's
from 1 to 6 p.m. The occasion is
the Winter Quarter Reunion. Re
member that only one more such
reunion remains after today.
Another Senior Happy Hour is
being held today at Rudolfo's
from 1 to 6 p.m. The occasion is
the Winter Quarter Reunion. Re
member that only one more such
reunion remains after today.
Another Senior Happy Hour is
being held today at Rudolfo's
from 1 to 6 p.m. The occasion is
the Winter Quarter Reunion. Re
member that only one more such
reunion remains after today.
