# Pub Rel Head To Be Named
## 
### 
Campus organizations will have
to do without a Pub Rel Commit
tee to help them publicize their
activities until a new chairman
can be appointed. The committee
has been inoperative this quarter
because of Terry Retter's resigna
tion as chairman of the commit
tee and because Nina Elkind, who
helped to lead the committee, is
now in Stuttgart.
Try-outs for the appointment
will be held by Rich Sundeen with
in the next ten days in the ASSU
office.
There are no specific require
ments for the position which
entails advertising all campus ac
tivities and the off-campus events
which would interest, students.
Activities arc publicized through
posters and newsletters which arc
sent to all living groups. Retter
said that the jobs give excellent
business training because of the
large quantities of supplies that
need to be ordered.
Campus organizations will have
to do without a Pub Rel Commit
tee to help them publicize their
activities until a new chairman
can be appointed. The committee
has been inoperative this quarter
because of Terry Retter's resigna
tion as chairman of the commit
tee and because Nina Elkind, who
helped to lead the committee, is
now in Stuttgart.
Try-outs for the appointment
will be held by Rich Sundeen with
in the next ten days in the ASSU
office.
There are no specific require
ments for the position which
entails advertising all campus ac
tivities and the off-campus events
which would interest, students.
Activities arc publicized through
posters and newsletters which arc
sent to all living groups. Retter
said that the jobs give excellent
business training because of the
large quantities of supplies that
need to be ordered.
Campus organizations will have
to do without a Pub Rel Commit
tee to help them publicize their
activities until a new chairman
can be appointed. The committee
has been inoperative this quarter
because of Terry Retter's resigna
tion as chairman of the commit
tee and because Nina Elkind, who
helped to lead the committee, is
now in Stuttgart.
Try-outs for the appointment
will be held by Rich Sundeen with
in the next ten days in the ASSU
office.
There are no specific require
ments for the position which
entails advertising all campus ac
tivities and the off-campus events
which would interest, students.
Activities arc publicized through
posters and newsletters which arc
sent to all living groups. Retter
said that the jobs give excellent
business training because of the
large quantities of supplies that
need to be ordered.
Campus organizations will have
to do without a Pub Rel Commit
tee to help them publicize their
activities until a new chairman
can be appointed. The committee
has been inoperative this quarter
because of Terry Retter's resigna
tion as chairman of the commit
tee and because Nina Elkind, who
helped to lead the committee, is
now in Stuttgart.
Try-outs for the appointment
will be held by Rich Sundeen with
in the next ten days in the ASSU
office.
There are no specific require
ments for the position which
entails advertising all campus ac
tivities and the off-campus events
which would interest, students.
Activities arc publicized through
posters and newsletters which arc
sent to all living groups. Retter
said that the jobs give excellent
business training because of the
large quantities of supplies that
need to be ordered.
Campus organizations will have
to do without a Pub Rel Commit
tee to help them publicize their
activities until a new chairman
can be appointed. The committee
has been inoperative this quarter
because of Terry Retter's resigna
tion as chairman of the commit
tee and because Nina Elkind, who
helped to lead the committee, is
now in Stuttgart.
Try-outs for the appointment
will be held by Rich Sundeen with
in the next ten days in the ASSU
office.
There are no specific require
ments for the position which
entails advertising all campus ac
tivities and the off-campus events
which would interest, students.
Activities arc publicized through
posters and newsletters which arc
sent to all living groups. Retter
said that the jobs give excellent
business training because of the
large quantities of supplies that
need to be ordered.
Campus organizations will have
to do without a Pub Rel Commit
tee to help them publicize their
activities until a new chairman
can be appointed. The committee
has been inoperative this quarter
because of Terry Retter's resigna
tion as chairman of the commit
tee and because Nina Elkind, who
helped to lead the committee, is
now in Stuttgart.
Try-outs for the appointment
will be held by Rich Sundeen with
in the next ten days in the ASSU
office.
There are no specific require
ments for the position which
entails advertising all campus ac
tivities and the off-campus events
which would interest, students.
Activities arc publicized through
posters and newsletters which arc
sent to all living groups. Retter
said that the jobs give excellent
business training because of the
large quantities of supplies that
need to be ordered.
Campus organizations will have
to do without a Pub Rel Commit
tee to help them publicize their
activities until a new chairman
can be appointed. The committee
has been inoperative this quarter
because of Terry Retter's resigna
tion as chairman of the commit
tee and because Nina Elkind, who
helped to lead the committee, is
now in Stuttgart.
Try-outs for the appointment
will be held by Rich Sundeen with
in the next ten days in the ASSU
office.
There are no specific require
ments for the position which
entails advertising all campus ac
tivities and the off-campus events
which would interest, students.
Activities arc publicized through
posters and newsletters which arc
sent to all living groups. Retter
said that the jobs give excellent
business training because of the
large quantities of supplies that
need to be ordered.
Campus organizations will have
to do without a Pub Rel Commit
tee to help them publicize their
activities until a new chairman
can be appointed. The committee
has been inoperative this quarter
because of Terry Retter's resigna
tion as chairman of the commit
tee and because Nina Elkind, who
helped to lead the committee, is
now in Stuttgart.
Try-outs for the appointment
will be held by Rich Sundeen with
in the next ten days in the ASSU
office.
There are no specific require
ments for the position which
entails advertising all campus ac
tivities and the off-campus events
which would interest, students.
Activities arc publicized through
posters and newsletters which arc
sent to all living groups. Retter
said that the jobs give excellent
business training because of the
large quantities of supplies that
need to be ordered.
Campus organizations will have
to do without a Pub Rel Commit
tee to help them publicize their
activities until a new chairman
can be appointed. The committee
has been inoperative this quarter
because of Terry Retter's resigna
tion as chairman of the commit
tee and because Nina Elkind, who
helped to lead the committee, is
now in Stuttgart.
Try-outs for the appointment
will be held by Rich Sundeen with
in the next ten days in the ASSU
office.
There are no specific require
ments for the position which
entails advertising all campus ac
tivities and the off-campus events
which would interest, students.
Activities arc publicized through
posters and newsletters which arc
sent to all living groups. Retter
said that the jobs give excellent
business training because of the
large quantities of supplies that
need to be ordered.
Campus organizations will have
to do without a Pub Rel Commit
tee to help them publicize their
activities until a new chairman
can be appointed. The committee
has been inoperative this quarter
because of Terry Retter's resigna
tion as chairman of the commit
tee and because Nina Elkind, who
helped to lead the committee, is
now in Stuttgart.
Try-outs for the appointment
will be held by Rich Sundeen with
in the next ten days in the ASSU
office.
There are no specific require
ments for the position which
entails advertising all campus ac
tivities and the off-campus events
which would interest, students.
Activities arc publicized through
posters and newsletters which arc
sent to all living groups. Retter
said that the jobs give excellent
business training because of the
large quantities of supplies that
need to be ordered.
Campus organizations will have
to do without a Pub Rel Commit
tee to help them publicize their
activities until a new chairman
can be appointed. The committee
has been inoperative this quarter
because of Terry Retter's resigna
tion as chairman of the commit
tee and because Nina Elkind, who
helped to lead the committee, is
now in Stuttgart.
Try-outs for the appointment
will be held by Rich Sundeen with
in the next ten days in the ASSU
office.
There are no specific require
ments for the position which
entails advertising all campus ac
tivities and the off-campus events
which would interest, students.
Activities arc publicized through
posters and newsletters which arc
sent to all living groups. Retter
said that the jobs give excellent
business training because of the
large quantities of supplies that
need to be ordered.
Campus organizations will have
to do without a Pub Rel Commit
tee to help them publicize their
activities until a new chairman
can be appointed. The committee
has been inoperative this quarter
because of Terry Retter's resigna
tion as chairman of the commit
tee and because Nina Elkind, who
helped to lead the committee, is
now in Stuttgart.
Try-outs for the appointment
will be held by Rich Sundeen with
in the next ten days in the ASSU
office.
There are no specific require
ments for the position which
entails advertising all campus ac
tivities and the off-campus events
which would interest, students.
Activities arc publicized through
posters and newsletters which arc
sent to all living groups. Retter
said that the jobs give excellent
business training because of the
large quantities of supplies that
need to be ordered.
Campus organizations will have
to do without a Pub Rel Commit
tee to help them publicize their
activities until a new chairman
can be appointed. The committee
has been inoperative this quarter
because of Terry Retter's resigna
tion as chairman of the commit
tee and because Nina Elkind, who
helped to lead the committee, is
now in Stuttgart.
Try-outs for the appointment
will be held by Rich Sundeen with
in the next ten days in the ASSU
office.
There are no specific require
ments for the position which
entails advertising all campus ac
tivities and the off-campus events
which would interest, students.
Activities arc publicized through
posters and newsletters which arc
sent to all living groups. Retter
said that the jobs give excellent
business training because of the
large quantities of supplies that
need to be ordered.
Campus organizations will have
to do without a Pub Rel Commit
tee to help them publicize their
activities until a new chairman
can be appointed. The committee
has been inoperative this quarter
because of Terry Retter's resigna
tion as chairman of the commit
tee and because Nina Elkind, who
helped to lead the committee, is
now in Stuttgart.
Try-outs for the appointment
will be held by Rich Sundeen with
in the next ten days in the ASSU
office.
There are no specific require
ments for the position which
entails advertising all campus ac
tivities and the off-campus events
which would interest, students.
Activities arc publicized through
posters and newsletters which arc
sent to all living groups. Retter
said that the jobs give excellent
business training because of the
large quantities of supplies that
need to be ordered.
Campus organizations will have
to do without a Pub Rel Commit
tee to help them publicize their
activities until a new chairman
can be appointed. The committee
has been inoperative this quarter
because of Terry Retter's resigna
tion as chairman of the commit
tee and because Nina Elkind, who
helped to lead the committee, is
now in Stuttgart.
Try-outs for the appointment
will be held by Rich Sundeen with
in the next ten days in the ASSU
office.
There are no specific require
ments for the position which
entails advertising all campus ac
tivities and the off-campus events
which would interest, students.
Activities arc publicized through
posters and newsletters which arc
sent to all living groups. Retter
said that the jobs give excellent
business training because of the
large quantities of supplies that
need to be ordered.
Campus organizations will have
to do without a Pub Rel Commit
tee to help them publicize their
activities until a new chairman
can be appointed. The committee
has been inoperative this quarter
because of Terry Retter's resigna
tion as chairman of the commit
tee and because Nina Elkind, who
helped to lead the committee, is
now in Stuttgart.
Try-outs for the appointment
will be held by Rich Sundeen with
in the next ten days in the ASSU
office.
There are no specific require
ments for the position which
entails advertising all campus ac
tivities and the off-campus events
which would interest, students.
Activities arc publicized through
posters and newsletters which arc
sent to all living groups. Retter
said that the jobs give excellent
business training because of the
large quantities of supplies that
need to be ordered.
Campus organizations will have
to do without a Pub Rel Commit
tee to help them publicize their
activities until a new chairman
can be appointed. The committee
has been inoperative this quarter
because of Terry Retter's resigna
tion as chairman of the commit
tee and because Nina Elkind, who
helped to lead the committee, is
now in Stuttgart.
Try-outs for the appointment
will be held by Rich Sundeen with
in the next ten days in the ASSU
office.
There are no specific require
ments for the position which
entails advertising all campus ac
tivities and the off-campus events
which would interest, students.
Activities arc publicized through
posters and newsletters which arc
sent to all living groups. Retter
said that the jobs give excellent
business training because of the
large quantities of supplies that
need to be ordered.
