# New Program In Electronics
## 
### 
A now industry-university co
operative program, involving 17
blue chip organizations in the
transistor field, was announced
recently. The 17 are known as
"Industrial Affiliates of Stanford
University in Solid State Elec
tronics."
This fast-developing new field
involves the study of electrical
properties of solids for use in
Iransistors and similar semicon
ductor devices. The program is
aimed at enlarging Stanford's
solid- state electronics program
and increasing liaison with the
industry.
Each affiliate contributes $3,000
a year for five years. These funds
are used primarily to enlarge the
electrical engineering faculty en
gaged in the new program. A
yearly "annual review" is sched
uled to be held on campus, when
affiliates and faculty will discuss
new developments in this field.
Student interest is keen, ac
cording to Professor John G.
Linvill, director of the program.
