# Monroe at Flicks
## 
### 
Sunday's flick is "Some Like It
Hot." This adventurous comedy
tells the story of Jack Lemmon's
and Tony Curtis's escape from the
Mafia by joining Marilyn Mon
roe's chorus dance group. The
flick begins at 7:30 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Sunday's flick is "Some Like It
Hot." This adventurous comedy
tells the story of Jack Lemmon's
and Tony Curtis's escape from the
Mafia by joining Marilyn Mon
roe's chorus dance group. The
flick begins at 7:30 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Sunday's flick is "Some Like It
Hot." This adventurous comedy
tells the story of Jack Lemmon's
and Tony Curtis's escape from the
Mafia by joining Marilyn Mon
roe's chorus dance group. The
flick begins at 7:30 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Sunday's flick is "Some Like It
Hot." This adventurous comedy
tells the story of Jack Lemmon's
and Tony Curtis's escape from the
Mafia by joining Marilyn Mon
roe's chorus dance group. The
flick begins at 7:30 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Sunday's flick is "Some Like It
Hot." This adventurous comedy
tells the story of Jack Lemmon's
and Tony Curtis's escape from the
Mafia by joining Marilyn Mon
roe's chorus dance group. The
flick begins at 7:30 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Sunday's flick is "Some Like It
Hot." This adventurous comedy
tells the story of Jack Lemmon's
and Tony Curtis's escape from the
Mafia by joining Marilyn Mon
roe's chorus dance group. The
flick begins at 7:30 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Sunday's flick is "Some Like It
Hot." This adventurous comedy
tells the story of Jack Lemmon's
and Tony Curtis's escape from the
Mafia by joining Marilyn Mon
roe's chorus dance group. The
flick begins at 7:30 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Sunday's flick is "Some Like It
Hot." This adventurous comedy
tells the story of Jack Lemmon's
and Tony Curtis's escape from the
Mafia by joining Marilyn Mon
roe's chorus dance group. The
flick begins at 7:30 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Sunday's flick is "Some Like It
Hot." This adventurous comedy
tells the story of Jack Lemmon's
and Tony Curtis's escape from the
Mafia by joining Marilyn Mon
roe's chorus dance group. The
flick begins at 7:30 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Sunday's flick is "Some Like It
Hot." This adventurous comedy
tells the story of Jack Lemmon's
and Tony Curtis's escape from the
Mafia by joining Marilyn Mon
roe's chorus dance group. The
flick begins at 7:30 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Sunday's flick is "Some Like It
Hot." This adventurous comedy
tells the story of Jack Lemmon's
and Tony Curtis's escape from the
Mafia by joining Marilyn Mon
roe's chorus dance group. The
flick begins at 7:30 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Sunday's flick is "Some Like It
Hot." This adventurous comedy
tells the story of Jack Lemmon's
and Tony Curtis's escape from the
Mafia by joining Marilyn Mon
roe's chorus dance group. The
flick begins at 7:30 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Sunday's flick is "Some Like It
Hot." This adventurous comedy
tells the story of Jack Lemmon's
and Tony Curtis's escape from the
Mafia by joining Marilyn Mon
roe's chorus dance group. The
flick begins at 7:30 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Sunday's flick is "Some Like It
Hot." This adventurous comedy
tells the story of Jack Lemmon's
and Tony Curtis's escape from the
Mafia by joining Marilyn Mon
roe's chorus dance group. The
flick begins at 7:30 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Sunday's flick is "Some Like It
Hot." This adventurous comedy
tells the story of Jack Lemmon's
and Tony Curtis's escape from the
Mafia by joining Marilyn Mon
roe's chorus dance group. The
flick begins at 7:30 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Sunday's flick is "Some Like It
Hot." This adventurous comedy
tells the story of Jack Lemmon's
and Tony Curtis's escape from the
Mafia by joining Marilyn Mon
roe's chorus dance group. The
flick begins at 7:30 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Sunday's flick is "Some Like It
Hot." This adventurous comedy
tells the story of Jack Lemmon's
and Tony Curtis's escape from the
Mafia by joining Marilyn Mon
roe's chorus dance group. The
flick begins at 7:30 in Memorial
Auditorium.
