# Untitled Article
## 
### 
THIS BOX ROCKS
Microsoft's long-awaited video
game system is set to hit store
shelves in less than a month
INNOVATION/6

HIGH WIRE ACT
Senior linebacker Coy Wire may be
a prankster, but when it comes to
leadership, he's all business
SPORTS/7


THIS BOX ROCKS
Microsoft's long-awaited video
game system is set to hit store
shelves in less than a month
INNOVATION/6

HIGH WIRE ACT
Senior linebacker Coy Wire may be
a prankster, but when it comes to
leadership, he's all business
SPORTS/7


THIS BOX ROCKS
Microsoft's long-awaited video
game system is set to hit store
shelves in less than a month
INNOVATION/6

HIGH WIRE ACT
Senior linebacker Coy Wire may be
a prankster, but when it comes to
leadership, he's all business
SPORTS/7


THIS BOX ROCKS
Microsoft's long-awaited video
game system is set to hit store
shelves in less than a month
INNOVATION/6

HIGH WIRE ACT
Senior linebacker Coy Wire may be
a prankster, but when it comes to
leadership, he's all business
SPORTS/7


THIS BOX ROCKS
Microsoft's long-awaited video
game system is set to hit store
shelves in less than a month
INNOVATION/6

HIGH WIRE ACT
Senior linebacker Coy Wire may be
a prankster, but when it comes to
leadership, he's all business
SPORTS/7


THIS BOX ROCKS
Microsoft's long-awaited video
game system is set to hit store
shelves in less than a month
INNOVATION/6

HIGH WIRE ACT
Senior linebacker Coy Wire may be
a prankster, but when it comes to
leadership, he's all business
SPORTS/7


THIS BOX ROCKS
Microsoft's long-awaited video
game system is set to hit store
shelves in less than a month
INNOVATION/6

HIGH WIRE ACT
Senior linebacker Coy Wire may be
a prankster, but when it comes to
leadership, he's all business
SPORTS/7


