# Philological Association Meets.
## 
### 
The first regular meeting of the
Philological Association was held
yesterday afternoon. Prof. H. R.
Fairclough of the Latin depart
ment was elected president of the
association, and B. 0. Foster, in
structor in Latin, was elected secre
tary. Professor J. E. Matzke of
the department of Romanic Lan
guages read a paper on the "Source
and Composition of I lie et Gale
ron," in which he traced the rela
tion of this old French romance to
the lay of Eliduc by Marie de
France and to one of the episodes
in Bevis. The paper was of inter
est in that it told how these ro
mances of adventure are put to
gether. The next meeting of the
association will be held the first
Thursdav in November.
