# Mild Electrocution Given To Injured U.S.C. Gridders
## 
### 
A mild form of electrocution is be
ing used on the U.S.C. varsity squad
as a treatment for football injuries.
An electric charge of high voltage is
shot through the patient's body by
means of the electromae, a part of
the new equipment recently added to
the quarters.
Therapeutic lamps, electric 'vibra
tors, and new rub-down tables are
other additions.
A mild form of electrocution is be
ing used on the U.S.C. varsity squad
as a treatment for football injuries.
An electric charge of high voltage is
shot through the patient's body by
means of the electromae, a part of
the new equipment recently added to
the quarters.
Therapeutic lamps, electric 'vibra
tors, and new rub-down tables are
other additions.
A mild form of electrocution is be
ing used on the U.S.C. varsity squad
as a treatment for football injuries.
An electric charge of high voltage is
shot through the patient's body by
means of the electromae, a part of
the new equipment recently added to
the quarters.
Therapeutic lamps, electric 'vibra
tors, and new rub-down tables are
other additions.
A mild form of electrocution is be
ing used on the U.S.C. varsity squad
as a treatment for football injuries.
An electric charge of high voltage is
shot through the patient's body by
means of the electromae, a part of
the new equipment recently added to
the quarters.
Therapeutic lamps, electric 'vibra
tors, and new rub-down tables are
other additions.
A mild form of electrocution is be
ing used on the U.S.C. varsity squad
as a treatment for football injuries.
An electric charge of high voltage is
shot through the patient's body by
means of the electromae, a part of
the new equipment recently added to
the quarters.
Therapeutic lamps, electric 'vibra
tors, and new rub-down tables are
other additions.
A mild form of electrocution is be
ing used on the U.S.C. varsity squad
as a treatment for football injuries.
An electric charge of high voltage is
shot through the patient's body by
means of the electromae, a part of
the new equipment recently added to
the quarters.
Therapeutic lamps, electric 'vibra
tors, and new rub-down tables are
other additions.
A mild form of electrocution is be
ing used on the U.S.C. varsity squad
as a treatment for football injuries.
An electric charge of high voltage is
shot through the patient's body by
means of the electromae, a part of
the new equipment recently added to
the quarters.
Therapeutic lamps, electric 'vibra
tors, and new rub-down tables are
other additions.
A mild form of electrocution is be
ing used on the U.S.C. varsity squad
as a treatment for football injuries.
An electric charge of high voltage is
shot through the patient's body by
means of the electromae, a part of
the new equipment recently added to
the quarters.
Therapeutic lamps, electric 'vibra
tors, and new rub-down tables are
other additions.
A mild form of electrocution is be
ing used on the U.S.C. varsity squad
as a treatment for football injuries.
An electric charge of high voltage is
shot through the patient's body by
means of the electromae, a part of
the new equipment recently added to
the quarters.
Therapeutic lamps, electric 'vibra
tors, and new rub-down tables are
other additions.
A mild form of electrocution is be
ing used on the U.S.C. varsity squad
as a treatment for football injuries.
An electric charge of high voltage is
shot through the patient's body by
means of the electromae, a part of
the new equipment recently added to
the quarters.
Therapeutic lamps, electric 'vibra
tors, and new rub-down tables are
other additions.
A mild form of electrocution is be
ing used on the U.S.C. varsity squad
as a treatment for football injuries.
An electric charge of high voltage is
shot through the patient's body by
means of the electromae, a part of
the new equipment recently added to
the quarters.
Therapeutic lamps, electric 'vibra
tors, and new rub-down tables are
other additions.
A mild form of electrocution is be
ing used on the U.S.C. varsity squad
as a treatment for football injuries.
An electric charge of high voltage is
shot through the patient's body by
means of the electromae, a part of
the new equipment recently added to
the quarters.
Therapeutic lamps, electric 'vibra
tors, and new rub-down tables are
other additions.
A mild form of electrocution is be
ing used on the U.S.C. varsity squad
as a treatment for football injuries.
An electric charge of high voltage is
shot through the patient's body by
means of the electromae, a part of
the new equipment recently added to
the quarters.
Therapeutic lamps, electric 'vibra
tors, and new rub-down tables are
other additions.
A mild form of electrocution is be
ing used on the U.S.C. varsity squad
as a treatment for football injuries.
An electric charge of high voltage is
shot through the patient's body by
means of the electromae, a part of
the new equipment recently added to
the quarters.
Therapeutic lamps, electric 'vibra
tors, and new rub-down tables are
other additions.
A mild form of electrocution is be
ing used on the U.S.C. varsity squad
as a treatment for football injuries.
An electric charge of high voltage is
shot through the patient's body by
means of the electromae, a part of
the new equipment recently added to
the quarters.
Therapeutic lamps, electric 'vibra
tors, and new rub-down tables are
other additions.
