# Alfred Post Elected to Head Journalists Club
## 
### 
Alfred B. Post, associate editor of
The Stanford Daily, was elected presi
dent of the Stanford Journalists Club
yesterday afternoon to succeed Harry
M. Bennett.
Other officers named for the autumn
quarter were: Francis W. Mosher,
vice-president; Barbara Dewlaney, sec
retary; Lynn A. Bramkamp, treasurer.
The club selected Francis W. Mosher
and Barbara Dewlaney as associate
editors of the California Scholastic
Press Association Bulletin.
Alfred B. Post, associate editor of
The Stanford Daily, was elected presi
dent of the Stanford Journalists Club
yesterday afternoon to succeed Harry
M. Bennett.
Other officers named for the autumn
quarter were: Francis W. Mosher,
vice-president; Barbara Dewlaney, sec
retary; Lynn A. Bramkamp, treasurer.
The club selected Francis W. Mosher
and Barbara Dewlaney as associate
editors of the California Scholastic
Press Association Bulletin.
Alfred B. Post, associate editor of
The Stanford Daily, was elected presi
dent of the Stanford Journalists Club
yesterday afternoon to succeed Harry
M. Bennett.
Other officers named for the autumn
quarter were: Francis W. Mosher,
vice-president; Barbara Dewlaney, sec
retary; Lynn A. Bramkamp, treasurer.
The club selected Francis W. Mosher
and Barbara Dewlaney as associate
editors of the California Scholastic
Press Association Bulletin.
Alfred B. Post, associate editor of
The Stanford Daily, was elected presi
dent of the Stanford Journalists Club
yesterday afternoon to succeed Harry
M. Bennett.
Other officers named for the autumn
quarter were: Francis W. Mosher,
vice-president; Barbara Dewlaney, sec
retary; Lynn A. Bramkamp, treasurer.
The club selected Francis W. Mosher
and Barbara Dewlaney as associate
editors of the California Scholastic
Press Association Bulletin.
Alfred B. Post, associate editor of
The Stanford Daily, was elected presi
dent of the Stanford Journalists Club
yesterday afternoon to succeed Harry
M. Bennett.
Other officers named for the autumn
quarter were: Francis W. Mosher,
vice-president; Barbara Dewlaney, sec
retary; Lynn A. Bramkamp, treasurer.
The club selected Francis W. Mosher
and Barbara Dewlaney as associate
editors of the California Scholastic
Press Association Bulletin.
Alfred B. Post, associate editor of
The Stanford Daily, was elected presi
dent of the Stanford Journalists Club
yesterday afternoon to succeed Harry
M. Bennett.
Other officers named for the autumn
quarter were: Francis W. Mosher,
vice-president; Barbara Dewlaney, sec
retary; Lynn A. Bramkamp, treasurer.
The club selected Francis W. Mosher
and Barbara Dewlaney as associate
editors of the California Scholastic
Press Association Bulletin.
Alfred B. Post, associate editor of
The Stanford Daily, was elected presi
dent of the Stanford Journalists Club
yesterday afternoon to succeed Harry
M. Bennett.
Other officers named for the autumn
quarter were: Francis W. Mosher,
vice-president; Barbara Dewlaney, sec
retary; Lynn A. Bramkamp, treasurer.
The club selected Francis W. Mosher
and Barbara Dewlaney as associate
editors of the California Scholastic
Press Association Bulletin.
Alfred B. Post, associate editor of
The Stanford Daily, was elected presi
dent of the Stanford Journalists Club
yesterday afternoon to succeed Harry
M. Bennett.
Other officers named for the autumn
quarter were: Francis W. Mosher,
vice-president; Barbara Dewlaney, sec
retary; Lynn A. Bramkamp, treasurer.
The club selected Francis W. Mosher
and Barbara Dewlaney as associate
editors of the California Scholastic
Press Association Bulletin.
Alfred B. Post, associate editor of
The Stanford Daily, was elected presi
dent of the Stanford Journalists Club
yesterday afternoon to succeed Harry
M. Bennett.
Other officers named for the autumn
quarter were: Francis W. Mosher,
vice-president; Barbara Dewlaney, sec
retary; Lynn A. Bramkamp, treasurer.
The club selected Francis W. Mosher
and Barbara Dewlaney as associate
editors of the California Scholastic
Press Association Bulletin.
Alfred B. Post, associate editor of
The Stanford Daily, was elected presi
dent of the Stanford Journalists Club
yesterday afternoon to succeed Harry
M. Bennett.
Other officers named for the autumn
quarter were: Francis W. Mosher,
vice-president; Barbara Dewlaney, sec
retary; Lynn A. Bramkamp, treasurer.
The club selected Francis W. Mosher
and Barbara Dewlaney as associate
editors of the California Scholastic
Press Association Bulletin.
Alfred B. Post, associate editor of
The Stanford Daily, was elected presi
dent of the Stanford Journalists Club
yesterday afternoon to succeed Harry
M. Bennett.
Other officers named for the autumn
quarter were: Francis W. Mosher,
vice-president; Barbara Dewlaney, sec
retary; Lynn A. Bramkamp, treasurer.
The club selected Francis W. Mosher
and Barbara Dewlaney as associate
editors of the California Scholastic
Press Association Bulletin.
Alfred B. Post, associate editor of
The Stanford Daily, was elected presi
dent of the Stanford Journalists Club
yesterday afternoon to succeed Harry
M. Bennett.
Other officers named for the autumn
quarter were: Francis W. Mosher,
vice-president; Barbara Dewlaney, sec
retary; Lynn A. Bramkamp, treasurer.
The club selected Francis W. Mosher
and Barbara Dewlaney as associate
editors of the California Scholastic
Press Association Bulletin.
Alfred B. Post, associate editor of
The Stanford Daily, was elected presi
dent of the Stanford Journalists Club
yesterday afternoon to succeed Harry
M. Bennett.
Other officers named for the autumn
quarter were: Francis W. Mosher,
vice-president; Barbara Dewlaney, sec
retary; Lynn A. Bramkamp, treasurer.
The club selected Francis W. Mosher
and Barbara Dewlaney as associate
editors of the California Scholastic
Press Association Bulletin.
Alfred B. Post, associate editor of
The Stanford Daily, was elected presi
dent of the Stanford Journalists Club
yesterday afternoon to succeed Harry
M. Bennett.
Other officers named for the autumn
quarter were: Francis W. Mosher,
vice-president; Barbara Dewlaney, sec
retary; Lynn A. Bramkamp, treasurer.
The club selected Francis W. Mosher
and Barbara Dewlaney as associate
editors of the California Scholastic
Press Association Bulletin.
Alfred B. Post, associate editor of
The Stanford Daily, was elected presi
dent of the Stanford Journalists Club
yesterday afternoon to succeed Harry
M. Bennett.
Other officers named for the autumn
quarter were: Francis W. Mosher,
vice-president; Barbara Dewlaney, sec
retary; Lynn A. Bramkamp, treasurer.
The club selected Francis W. Mosher
and Barbara Dewlaney as associate
editors of the California Scholastic
Press Association Bulletin.
