# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Both freshman men and women
must wear green caps at Brigham
Young University.
Both freshman men and women
must wear green caps at Brigham
Young University.
Both freshman men and women
must wear green caps at Brigham
Young University.
Both freshman men and women
must wear green caps at Brigham
Young University.
Both freshman men and women
must wear green caps at Brigham
Young University.
Both freshman men and women
must wear green caps at Brigham
Young University.
Both freshman men and women
must wear green caps at Brigham
Young University.
Both freshman men and women
must wear green caps at Brigham
Young University.
Both freshman men and women
must wear green caps at Brigham
Young University.
Both freshman men and women
must wear green caps at Brigham
Young University.
Both freshman men and women
must wear green caps at Brigham
Young University.
Both freshman men and women
must wear green caps at Brigham
Young University.
Both freshman men and women
must wear green caps at Brigham
Young University.
Both freshman men and women
must wear green caps at Brigham
Young University.
Both freshman men and women
must wear green caps at Brigham
Young University.
