# OFFICERS OF ENCINA CLUB TO BE ELECTED AT MEETING TONIGHT
## 
### 
Encina Club officers will be chosen
at an election to be held this evening
in the lobby of the hall. The candi
dates gave nomination speeches at a
meeting of the club held last night.
A sponsors meeting will be held to
morrow evening, according to William
L. Hobro, head sponsor.
Those running for office are: Presi
dent —John Kenney, Norton Thornton,
and Fred Olsen; Vice-President —Stan-
ford Steinbeck and Stanwood Wil
liams j Chairman of the House Com
mittee —William Ilabegger and Burr
Northrup; Smoker Chairman —Robert
Brownell and Jack Nutt; Chairman of
the Entertainment Committee —Edwin
Creb.s and Henry Gerstenkorn; Mem
bers of the House Committee —William
Allen and William Laird, first floor;
Donald Anderson and Iluthert Harlow,
second floor; C. Burnham Warner,
third floor; William Simpkins, fourth
floor. ;
fell
Encina Club officers will be chosen
at an election to be held this evening
in the lobby of the hall. The candi
dates gave nomination speeches at a
meeting of the club held last night.
A sponsors meeting will be held to
morrow evening, according to William
L. Hobro, head sponsor.
Those running for office are: Presi
dent —John Kenney, Norton Thornton,
and Fred Olsen; Vice-President —Stan-
ford Steinbeck and Stanwood Wil
liams j Chairman of the House Com
mittee —William Ilabegger and Burr
Northrup; Smoker Chairman —Robert
Brownell and Jack Nutt; Chairman of
the Entertainment Committee —Edwin
Creb.s and Henry Gerstenkorn; Mem
bers of the House Committee —William
Allen and William Laird, first floor;
Donald Anderson and Iluthert Harlow,
second floor; C. Burnham Warner,
third floor; William Simpkins, fourth
floor. ;
fell
Encina Club officers will be chosen
at an election to be held this evening
in the lobby of the hall. The candi
dates gave nomination speeches at a
meeting of the club held last night.
A sponsors meeting will be held to
morrow evening, according to William
L. Hobro, head sponsor.
Those running for office are: Presi
dent —John Kenney, Norton Thornton,
and Fred Olsen; Vice-President —Stan-
ford Steinbeck and Stanwood Wil
liams j Chairman of the House Com
mittee —William Ilabegger and Burr
Northrup; Smoker Chairman —Robert
Brownell and Jack Nutt; Chairman of
the Entertainment Committee —Edwin
Creb.s and Henry Gerstenkorn; Mem
bers of the House Committee —William
Allen and William Laird, first floor;
Donald Anderson and Iluthert Harlow,
second floor; C. Burnham Warner,
third floor; William Simpkins, fourth
floor. ;
fell
Encina Club officers will be chosen
at an election to be held this evening
in the lobby of the hall. The candi
dates gave nomination speeches at a
meeting of the club held last night.
A sponsors meeting will be held to
morrow evening, according to William
L. Hobro, head sponsor.
Those running for office are: Presi
dent —John Kenney, Norton Thornton,
and Fred Olsen; Vice-President —Stan-
ford Steinbeck and Stanwood Wil
liams j Chairman of the House Com
mittee —William Ilabegger and Burr
Northrup; Smoker Chairman —Robert
Brownell and Jack Nutt; Chairman of
the Entertainment Committee —Edwin
Creb.s and Henry Gerstenkorn; Mem
bers of the House Committee —William
Allen and William Laird, first floor;
Donald Anderson and Iluthert Harlow,
second floor; C. Burnham Warner,
third floor; William Simpkins, fourth
floor. ;
fell
Encina Club officers will be chosen
at an election to be held this evening
in the lobby of the hall. The candi
dates gave nomination speeches at a
meeting of the club held last night.
A sponsors meeting will be held to
morrow evening, according to William
L. Hobro, head sponsor.
Those running for office are: Presi
dent —John Kenney, Norton Thornton,
and Fred Olsen; Vice-President —Stan-
ford Steinbeck and Stanwood Wil
liams j Chairman of the House Com
mittee —William Ilabegger and Burr
Northrup; Smoker Chairman —Robert
Brownell and Jack Nutt; Chairman of
the Entertainment Committee —Edwin
Creb.s and Henry Gerstenkorn; Mem
bers of the House Committee —William
Allen and William Laird, first floor;
Donald Anderson and Iluthert Harlow,
second floor; C. Burnham Warner,
third floor; William Simpkins, fourth
floor. ;
fell
Encina Club officers will be chosen
at an election to be held this evening
in the lobby of the hall. The candi
dates gave nomination speeches at a
meeting of the club held last night.
A sponsors meeting will be held to
morrow evening, according to William
L. Hobro, head sponsor.
Those running for office are: Presi
dent —John Kenney, Norton Thornton,
and Fred Olsen; Vice-President —Stan-
ford Steinbeck and Stanwood Wil
liams j Chairman of the House Com
mittee —William Ilabegger and Burr
Northrup; Smoker Chairman —Robert
Brownell and Jack Nutt; Chairman of
the Entertainment Committee —Edwin
Creb.s and Henry Gerstenkorn; Mem
bers of the House Committee —William
Allen and William Laird, first floor;
Donald Anderson and Iluthert Harlow,
second floor; C. Burnham Warner,
third floor; William Simpkins, fourth
floor. ;
fell
Encina Club officers will be chosen
at an election to be held this evening
in the lobby of the hall. The candi
dates gave nomination speeches at a
meeting of the club held last night.
A sponsors meeting will be held to
morrow evening, according to William
L. Hobro, head sponsor.
Those running for office are: Presi
dent —John Kenney, Norton Thornton,
and Fred Olsen; Vice-President —Stan-
ford Steinbeck and Stanwood Wil
liams j Chairman of the House Com
mittee —William Ilabegger and Burr
Northrup; Smoker Chairman —Robert
Brownell and Jack Nutt; Chairman of
the Entertainment Committee —Edwin
Creb.s and Henry Gerstenkorn; Mem
bers of the House Committee —William
Allen and William Laird, first floor;
Donald Anderson and Iluthert Harlow,
second floor; C. Burnham Warner,
third floor; William Simpkins, fourth
floor. ;
fell
Encina Club officers will be chosen
at an election to be held this evening
in the lobby of the hall. The candi
dates gave nomination speeches at a
meeting of the club held last night.
A sponsors meeting will be held to
morrow evening, according to William
L. Hobro, head sponsor.
Those running for office are: Presi
dent —John Kenney, Norton Thornton,
and Fred Olsen; Vice-President —Stan-
ford Steinbeck and Stanwood Wil
liams j Chairman of the House Com
mittee —William Ilabegger and Burr
Northrup; Smoker Chairman —Robert
Brownell and Jack Nutt; Chairman of
the Entertainment Committee —Edwin
Creb.s and Henry Gerstenkorn; Mem
bers of the House Committee —William
Allen and William Laird, first floor;
Donald Anderson and Iluthert Harlow,
second floor; C. Burnham Warner,
third floor; William Simpkins, fourth
floor. ;
fell
Encina Club officers will be chosen
at an election to be held this evening
in the lobby of the hall. The candi
dates gave nomination speeches at a
meeting of the club held last night.
A sponsors meeting will be held to
morrow evening, according to William
L. Hobro, head sponsor.
Those running for office are: Presi
dent —John Kenney, Norton Thornton,
and Fred Olsen; Vice-President —Stan-
ford Steinbeck and Stanwood Wil
liams j Chairman of the House Com
mittee —William Ilabegger and Burr
Northrup; Smoker Chairman —Robert
Brownell and Jack Nutt; Chairman of
the Entertainment Committee —Edwin
Creb.s and Henry Gerstenkorn; Mem
bers of the House Committee —William
Allen and William Laird, first floor;
Donald Anderson and Iluthert Harlow,
second floor; C. Burnham Warner,
third floor; William Simpkins, fourth
floor. ;
fell
Encina Club officers will be chosen
at an election to be held this evening
in the lobby of the hall. The candi
dates gave nomination speeches at a
meeting of the club held last night.
A sponsors meeting will be held to
morrow evening, according to William
L. Hobro, head sponsor.
Those running for office are: Presi
dent —John Kenney, Norton Thornton,
and Fred Olsen; Vice-President —Stan-
ford Steinbeck and Stanwood Wil
liams j Chairman of the House Com
mittee —William Ilabegger and Burr
Northrup; Smoker Chairman —Robert
Brownell and Jack Nutt; Chairman of
the Entertainment Committee —Edwin
Creb.s and Henry Gerstenkorn; Mem
bers of the House Committee —William
Allen and William Laird, first floor;
Donald Anderson and Iluthert Harlow,
second floor; C. Burnham Warner,
third floor; William Simpkins, fourth
floor. ;
fell
Encina Club officers will be chosen
at an election to be held this evening
in the lobby of the hall. The candi
dates gave nomination speeches at a
meeting of the club held last night.
A sponsors meeting will be held to
morrow evening, according to William
L. Hobro, head sponsor.
Those running for office are: Presi
dent —John Kenney, Norton Thornton,
and Fred Olsen; Vice-President —Stan-
ford Steinbeck and Stanwood Wil
liams j Chairman of the House Com
mittee —William Ilabegger and Burr
Northrup; Smoker Chairman —Robert
Brownell and Jack Nutt; Chairman of
the Entertainment Committee —Edwin
Creb.s and Henry Gerstenkorn; Mem
bers of the House Committee —William
Allen and William Laird, first floor;
Donald Anderson and Iluthert Harlow,
second floor; C. Burnham Warner,
third floor; William Simpkins, fourth
floor. ;
fell
Encina Club officers will be chosen
at an election to be held this evening
in the lobby of the hall. The candi
dates gave nomination speeches at a
meeting of the club held last night.
A sponsors meeting will be held to
morrow evening, according to William
L. Hobro, head sponsor.
Those running for office are: Presi
dent —John Kenney, Norton Thornton,
and Fred Olsen; Vice-President —Stan-
ford Steinbeck and Stanwood Wil
liams j Chairman of the House Com
mittee —William Ilabegger and Burr
Northrup; Smoker Chairman —Robert
Brownell and Jack Nutt; Chairman of
the Entertainment Committee —Edwin
Creb.s and Henry Gerstenkorn; Mem
bers of the House Committee —William
Allen and William Laird, first floor;
Donald Anderson and Iluthert Harlow,
second floor; C. Burnham Warner,
third floor; William Simpkins, fourth
floor. ;
fell
Encina Club officers will be chosen
at an election to be held this evening
in the lobby of the hall. The candi
dates gave nomination speeches at a
meeting of the club held last night.
A sponsors meeting will be held to
morrow evening, according to William
L. Hobro, head sponsor.
Those running for office are: Presi
dent —John Kenney, Norton Thornton,
and Fred Olsen; Vice-President —Stan-
ford Steinbeck and Stanwood Wil
liams j Chairman of the House Com
mittee —William Ilabegger and Burr
Northrup; Smoker Chairman —Robert
Brownell and Jack Nutt; Chairman of
the Entertainment Committee —Edwin
Creb.s and Henry Gerstenkorn; Mem
bers of the House Committee —William
Allen and William Laird, first floor;
Donald Anderson and Iluthert Harlow,
second floor; C. Burnham Warner,
third floor; William Simpkins, fourth
floor. ;
fell
Encina Club officers will be chosen
at an election to be held this evening
in the lobby of the hall. The candi
dates gave nomination speeches at a
meeting of the club held last night.
A sponsors meeting will be held to
morrow evening, according to William
L. Hobro, head sponsor.
Those running for office are: Presi
dent —John Kenney, Norton Thornton,
and Fred Olsen; Vice-President —Stan-
ford Steinbeck and Stanwood Wil
liams j Chairman of the House Com
mittee —William Ilabegger and Burr
Northrup; Smoker Chairman —Robert
Brownell and Jack Nutt; Chairman of
the Entertainment Committee —Edwin
Creb.s and Henry Gerstenkorn; Mem
bers of the House Committee —William
Allen and William Laird, first floor;
Donald Anderson and Iluthert Harlow,
second floor; C. Burnham Warner,
third floor; William Simpkins, fourth
floor. ;
fell
Encina Club officers will be chosen
at an election to be held this evening
in the lobby of the hall. The candi
dates gave nomination speeches at a
meeting of the club held last night.
A sponsors meeting will be held to
morrow evening, according to William
L. Hobro, head sponsor.
Those running for office are: Presi
dent —John Kenney, Norton Thornton,
and Fred Olsen; Vice-President —Stan-
ford Steinbeck and Stanwood Wil
liams j Chairman of the House Com
mittee —William Ilabegger and Burr
Northrup; Smoker Chairman —Robert
Brownell and Jack Nutt; Chairman of
the Entertainment Committee —Edwin
Creb.s and Henry Gerstenkorn; Mem
bers of the House Committee —William
Allen and William Laird, first floor;
Donald Anderson and Iluthert Harlow,
second floor; C. Burnham Warner,
third floor; William Simpkins, fourth
floor. ;
fell
