# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Margaret Dietrich, '26, is now teach
ing in Mexico City. She is a member
of Chi Omega.
Margaret Dietrich, '26, is now teach
ing in Mexico City. She is a member
of Chi Omega.
Margaret Dietrich, '26, is now teach
ing in Mexico City. She is a member
of Chi Omega.
Margaret Dietrich, '26, is now teach
ing in Mexico City. She is a member
of Chi Omega.
Margaret Dietrich, '26, is now teach
ing in Mexico City. She is a member
of Chi Omega.
Margaret Dietrich, '26, is now teach
ing in Mexico City. She is a member
of Chi Omega.
Margaret Dietrich, '26, is now teach
ing in Mexico City. She is a member
of Chi Omega.
Margaret Dietrich, '26, is now teach
ing in Mexico City. She is a member
of Chi Omega.
Margaret Dietrich, '26, is now teach
ing in Mexico City. She is a member
of Chi Omega.
Margaret Dietrich, '26, is now teach
ing in Mexico City. She is a member
of Chi Omega.
Margaret Dietrich, '26, is now teach
ing in Mexico City. She is a member
of Chi Omega.
Margaret Dietrich, '26, is now teach
ing in Mexico City. She is a member
of Chi Omega.
Margaret Dietrich, '26, is now teach
ing in Mexico City. She is a member
of Chi Omega.
Margaret Dietrich, '26, is now teach
ing in Mexico City. She is a member
of Chi Omega.
Margaret Dietrich, '26, is now teach
ing in Mexico City. She is a member
of Chi Omega.
