# SOCCER TEAM READY FOR CONTEST WITH MERCURY CLUBMEN
## 
### 
"I look for steady improvement in
the playing of the varsity soccer team
Saturday in its game with the Mercury
Club," said Coach Harry Maloney, di
rector of minor sports, who is direct
ing the activities of the Stanford
freshman and varsity soccer elevens,
now in the early part of their season's
schedule.
"That the varsity outfit is displaying
a better brand of ball each week is
shown by Stanford's scoreless tie with
the Marin County squad October 9,
followed by a 1-0 Card victory against
the Teutonia kickers last week," con
tinued Maloney, indicating that prac
tice today and Friday will put his men
in readiness for the Mercury aggrega
tion, which will come to Stanford for
their game, to be staged on the field
near the stadium Saturday afternoon
at 3:30.
Coach Maloney is handling a squad
of forty varsity kickers, divided into
three teams. While his first string is
only tentatively picked, it is made up
of veteran players who will probably
start against the Mercury team.
A backfield of Evans and Holmes,
fullbacks, Cannon, Stollery, and
Wright, halves, and Forrest at the net,
is working out as a first-string com
bination, together with Coleman and
Farwell, wingmen, and Strowger, Ri
vero, and Bailard, inside forwards, as
linesmen.
Sa nMateo Junior College will play a
morning practice game against the
second varsity at 11 o'clock Saturday,
and it is probable that the 1930 eleven
will get into action against outside
competition yet to be selected, al
though a scrimmage with the freshman
team is set for 2 o'clock Saturday in
case a game is not scheduled, accord
ing to Donald McCarty, assistant to
Coach Maloney.
"I look for steady improvement in
the playing of the varsity soccer team
Saturday in its game with the Mercury
Club," said Coach Harry Maloney, di
rector of minor sports, who is direct
ing the activities of the Stanford
freshman and varsity soccer elevens,
now in the early part of their season's
schedule.
"That the varsity outfit is displaying
a better brand of ball each week is
shown by Stanford's scoreless tie with
the Marin County squad October 9,
followed by a 1-0 Card victory against
the Teutonia kickers last week," con
tinued Maloney, indicating that prac
tice today and Friday will put his men
in readiness for the Mercury aggrega
tion, which will come to Stanford for
their game, to be staged on the field
near the stadium Saturday afternoon
at 3:30.
Coach Maloney is handling a squad
of forty varsity kickers, divided into
three teams. While his first string is
only tentatively picked, it is made up
of veteran players who will probably
start against the Mercury team.
A backfield of Evans and Holmes,
fullbacks, Cannon, Stollery, and
Wright, halves, and Forrest at the net,
is working out as a first-string com
bination, together with Coleman and
Farwell, wingmen, and Strowger, Ri
vero, and Bailard, inside forwards, as
linesmen.
Sa nMateo Junior College will play a
morning practice game against the
second varsity at 11 o'clock Saturday,
and it is probable that the 1930 eleven
will get into action against outside
competition yet to be selected, al
though a scrimmage with the freshman
team is set for 2 o'clock Saturday in
case a game is not scheduled, accord
ing to Donald McCarty, assistant to
Coach Maloney.
"I look for steady improvement in
the playing of the varsity soccer team
Saturday in its game with the Mercury
Club," said Coach Harry Maloney, di
rector of minor sports, who is direct
ing the activities of the Stanford
freshman and varsity soccer elevens,
now in the early part of their season's
schedule.
"That the varsity outfit is displaying
a better brand of ball each week is
shown by Stanford's scoreless tie with
the Marin County squad October 9,
followed by a 1-0 Card victory against
the Teutonia kickers last week," con
tinued Maloney, indicating that prac
tice today and Friday will put his men
in readiness for the Mercury aggrega
tion, which will come to Stanford for
their game, to be staged on the field
near the stadium Saturday afternoon
at 3:30.
Coach Maloney is handling a squad
of forty varsity kickers, divided into
three teams. While his first string is
only tentatively picked, it is made up
of veteran players who will probably
start against the Mercury team.
A backfield of Evans and Holmes,
fullbacks, Cannon, Stollery, and
Wright, halves, and Forrest at the net,
is working out as a first-string com
bination, together with Coleman and
Farwell, wingmen, and Strowger, Ri
vero, and Bailard, inside forwards, as
linesmen.
Sa nMateo Junior College will play a
morning practice game against the
second varsity at 11 o'clock Saturday,
and it is probable that the 1930 eleven
will get into action against outside
competition yet to be selected, al
though a scrimmage with the freshman
team is set for 2 o'clock Saturday in
case a game is not scheduled, accord
ing to Donald McCarty, assistant to
Coach Maloney.
"I look for steady improvement in
the playing of the varsity soccer team
Saturday in its game with the Mercury
Club," said Coach Harry Maloney, di
rector of minor sports, who is direct
ing the activities of the Stanford
freshman and varsity soccer elevens,
now in the early part of their season's
schedule.
"That the varsity outfit is displaying
a better brand of ball each week is
shown by Stanford's scoreless tie with
the Marin County squad October 9,
followed by a 1-0 Card victory against
the Teutonia kickers last week," con
tinued Maloney, indicating that prac
tice today and Friday will put his men
in readiness for the Mercury aggrega
tion, which will come to Stanford for
their game, to be staged on the field
near the stadium Saturday afternoon
at 3:30.
Coach Maloney is handling a squad
of forty varsity kickers, divided into
three teams. While his first string is
only tentatively picked, it is made up
of veteran players who will probably
start against the Mercury team.
A backfield of Evans and Holmes,
fullbacks, Cannon, Stollery, and
Wright, halves, and Forrest at the net,
is working out as a first-string com
bination, together with Coleman and
Farwell, wingmen, and Strowger, Ri
vero, and Bailard, inside forwards, as
linesmen.
Sa nMateo Junior College will play a
morning practice game against the
second varsity at 11 o'clock Saturday,
and it is probable that the 1930 eleven
will get into action against outside
competition yet to be selected, al
though a scrimmage with the freshman
team is set for 2 o'clock Saturday in
case a game is not scheduled, accord
ing to Donald McCarty, assistant to
Coach Maloney.
"I look for steady improvement in
the playing of the varsity soccer team
Saturday in its game with the Mercury
Club," said Coach Harry Maloney, di
rector of minor sports, who is direct
ing the activities of the Stanford
freshman and varsity soccer elevens,
now in the early part of their season's
schedule.
"That the varsity outfit is displaying
a better brand of ball each week is
shown by Stanford's scoreless tie with
the Marin County squad October 9,
followed by a 1-0 Card victory against
the Teutonia kickers last week," con
tinued Maloney, indicating that prac
tice today and Friday will put his men
in readiness for the Mercury aggrega
tion, which will come to Stanford for
their game, to be staged on the field
near the stadium Saturday afternoon
at 3:30.
Coach Maloney is handling a squad
of forty varsity kickers, divided into
three teams. While his first string is
only tentatively picked, it is made up
of veteran players who will probably
start against the Mercury team.
A backfield of Evans and Holmes,
fullbacks, Cannon, Stollery, and
Wright, halves, and Forrest at the net,
is working out as a first-string com
bination, together with Coleman and
Farwell, wingmen, and Strowger, Ri
vero, and Bailard, inside forwards, as
linesmen.
Sa nMateo Junior College will play a
morning practice game against the
second varsity at 11 o'clock Saturday,
and it is probable that the 1930 eleven
will get into action against outside
competition yet to be selected, al
though a scrimmage with the freshman
team is set for 2 o'clock Saturday in
case a game is not scheduled, accord
ing to Donald McCarty, assistant to
Coach Maloney.
"I look for steady improvement in
the playing of the varsity soccer team
Saturday in its game with the Mercury
Club," said Coach Harry Maloney, di
rector of minor sports, who is direct
ing the activities of the Stanford
freshman and varsity soccer elevens,
now in the early part of their season's
schedule.
"That the varsity outfit is displaying
a better brand of ball each week is
shown by Stanford's scoreless tie with
the Marin County squad October 9,
followed by a 1-0 Card victory against
the Teutonia kickers last week," con
tinued Maloney, indicating that prac
tice today and Friday will put his men
in readiness for the Mercury aggrega
tion, which will come to Stanford for
their game, to be staged on the field
near the stadium Saturday afternoon
at 3:30.
Coach Maloney is handling a squad
of forty varsity kickers, divided into
three teams. While his first string is
only tentatively picked, it is made up
of veteran players who will probably
start against the Mercury team.
A backfield of Evans and Holmes,
fullbacks, Cannon, Stollery, and
Wright, halves, and Forrest at the net,
is working out as a first-string com
bination, together with Coleman and
Farwell, wingmen, and Strowger, Ri
vero, and Bailard, inside forwards, as
linesmen.
Sa nMateo Junior College will play a
morning practice game against the
second varsity at 11 o'clock Saturday,
and it is probable that the 1930 eleven
will get into action against outside
competition yet to be selected, al
though a scrimmage with the freshman
team is set for 2 o'clock Saturday in
case a game is not scheduled, accord
ing to Donald McCarty, assistant to
Coach Maloney.
"I look for steady improvement in
the playing of the varsity soccer team
Saturday in its game with the Mercury
Club," said Coach Harry Maloney, di
rector of minor sports, who is direct
ing the activities of the Stanford
freshman and varsity soccer elevens,
now in the early part of their season's
schedule.
"That the varsity outfit is displaying
a better brand of ball each week is
shown by Stanford's scoreless tie with
the Marin County squad October 9,
followed by a 1-0 Card victory against
the Teutonia kickers last week," con
tinued Maloney, indicating that prac
tice today and Friday will put his men
in readiness for the Mercury aggrega
tion, which will come to Stanford for
their game, to be staged on the field
near the stadium Saturday afternoon
at 3:30.
Coach Maloney is handling a squad
of forty varsity kickers, divided into
three teams. While his first string is
only tentatively picked, it is made up
of veteran players who will probably
start against the Mercury team.
A backfield of Evans and Holmes,
fullbacks, Cannon, Stollery, and
Wright, halves, and Forrest at the net,
is working out as a first-string com
bination, together with Coleman and
Farwell, wingmen, and Strowger, Ri
vero, and Bailard, inside forwards, as
linesmen.
Sa nMateo Junior College will play a
morning practice game against the
second varsity at 11 o'clock Saturday,
and it is probable that the 1930 eleven
will get into action against outside
competition yet to be selected, al
though a scrimmage with the freshman
team is set for 2 o'clock Saturday in
case a game is not scheduled, accord
ing to Donald McCarty, assistant to
Coach Maloney.
"I look for steady improvement in
the playing of the varsity soccer team
Saturday in its game with the Mercury
Club," said Coach Harry Maloney, di
rector of minor sports, who is direct
ing the activities of the Stanford
freshman and varsity soccer elevens,
now in the early part of their season's
schedule.
"That the varsity outfit is displaying
a better brand of ball each week is
shown by Stanford's scoreless tie with
the Marin County squad October 9,
followed by a 1-0 Card victory against
the Teutonia kickers last week," con
tinued Maloney, indicating that prac
tice today and Friday will put his men
in readiness for the Mercury aggrega
tion, which will come to Stanford for
their game, to be staged on the field
near the stadium Saturday afternoon
at 3:30.
Coach Maloney is handling a squad
of forty varsity kickers, divided into
three teams. While his first string is
only tentatively picked, it is made up
of veteran players who will probably
start against the Mercury team.
A backfield of Evans and Holmes,
fullbacks, Cannon, Stollery, and
Wright, halves, and Forrest at the net,
is working out as a first-string com
bination, together with Coleman and
Farwell, wingmen, and Strowger, Ri
vero, and Bailard, inside forwards, as
linesmen.
Sa nMateo Junior College will play a
morning practice game against the
second varsity at 11 o'clock Saturday,
and it is probable that the 1930 eleven
will get into action against outside
competition yet to be selected, al
though a scrimmage with the freshman
team is set for 2 o'clock Saturday in
case a game is not scheduled, accord
ing to Donald McCarty, assistant to
Coach Maloney.
"I look for steady improvement in
the playing of the varsity soccer team
Saturday in its game with the Mercury
Club," said Coach Harry Maloney, di
rector of minor sports, who is direct
ing the activities of the Stanford
freshman and varsity soccer elevens,
now in the early part of their season's
schedule.
"That the varsity outfit is displaying
a better brand of ball each week is
shown by Stanford's scoreless tie with
the Marin County squad October 9,
followed by a 1-0 Card victory against
the Teutonia kickers last week," con
tinued Maloney, indicating that prac
tice today and Friday will put his men
in readiness for the Mercury aggrega
tion, which will come to Stanford for
their game, to be staged on the field
near the stadium Saturday afternoon
at 3:30.
Coach Maloney is handling a squad
of forty varsity kickers, divided into
three teams. While his first string is
only tentatively picked, it is made up
of veteran players who will probably
start against the Mercury team.
A backfield of Evans and Holmes,
fullbacks, Cannon, Stollery, and
Wright, halves, and Forrest at the net,
is working out as a first-string com
bination, together with Coleman and
Farwell, wingmen, and Strowger, Ri
vero, and Bailard, inside forwards, as
linesmen.
Sa nMateo Junior College will play a
morning practice game against the
second varsity at 11 o'clock Saturday,
and it is probable that the 1930 eleven
will get into action against outside
competition yet to be selected, al
though a scrimmage with the freshman
team is set for 2 o'clock Saturday in
case a game is not scheduled, accord
ing to Donald McCarty, assistant to
Coach Maloney.
"I look for steady improvement in
the playing of the varsity soccer team
Saturday in its game with the Mercury
Club," said Coach Harry Maloney, di
rector of minor sports, who is direct
ing the activities of the Stanford
freshman and varsity soccer elevens,
now in the early part of their season's
schedule.
"That the varsity outfit is displaying
a better brand of ball each week is
shown by Stanford's scoreless tie with
the Marin County squad October 9,
followed by a 1-0 Card victory against
the Teutonia kickers last week," con
tinued Maloney, indicating that prac
tice today and Friday will put his men
in readiness for the Mercury aggrega
tion, which will come to Stanford for
their game, to be staged on the field
near the stadium Saturday afternoon
at 3:30.
Coach Maloney is handling a squad
of forty varsity kickers, divided into
three teams. While his first string is
only tentatively picked, it is made up
of veteran players who will probably
start against the Mercury team.
A backfield of Evans and Holmes,
fullbacks, Cannon, Stollery, and
Wright, halves, and Forrest at the net,
is working out as a first-string com
bination, together with Coleman and
Farwell, wingmen, and Strowger, Ri
vero, and Bailard, inside forwards, as
linesmen.
Sa nMateo Junior College will play a
morning practice game against the
second varsity at 11 o'clock Saturday,
and it is probable that the 1930 eleven
will get into action against outside
competition yet to be selected, al
though a scrimmage with the freshman
team is set for 2 o'clock Saturday in
case a game is not scheduled, accord
ing to Donald McCarty, assistant to
Coach Maloney.
"I look for steady improvement in
the playing of the varsity soccer team
Saturday in its game with the Mercury
Club," said Coach Harry Maloney, di
rector of minor sports, who is direct
ing the activities of the Stanford
freshman and varsity soccer elevens,
now in the early part of their season's
schedule.
"That the varsity outfit is displaying
a better brand of ball each week is
shown by Stanford's scoreless tie with
the Marin County squad October 9,
followed by a 1-0 Card victory against
the Teutonia kickers last week," con
tinued Maloney, indicating that prac
tice today and Friday will put his men
in readiness for the Mercury aggrega
tion, which will come to Stanford for
their game, to be staged on the field
near the stadium Saturday afternoon
at 3:30.
Coach Maloney is handling a squad
of forty varsity kickers, divided into
three teams. While his first string is
only tentatively picked, it is made up
of veteran players who will probably
start against the Mercury team.
A backfield of Evans and Holmes,
fullbacks, Cannon, Stollery, and
Wright, halves, and Forrest at the net,
is working out as a first-string com
bination, together with Coleman and
Farwell, wingmen, and Strowger, Ri
vero, and Bailard, inside forwards, as
linesmen.
Sa nMateo Junior College will play a
morning practice game against the
second varsity at 11 o'clock Saturday,
and it is probable that the 1930 eleven
will get into action against outside
competition yet to be selected, al
though a scrimmage with the freshman
team is set for 2 o'clock Saturday in
case a game is not scheduled, accord
ing to Donald McCarty, assistant to
Coach Maloney.
"I look for steady improvement in
the playing of the varsity soccer team
Saturday in its game with the Mercury
Club," said Coach Harry Maloney, di
rector of minor sports, who is direct
ing the activities of the Stanford
freshman and varsity soccer elevens,
now in the early part of their season's
schedule.
"That the varsity outfit is displaying
a better brand of ball each week is
shown by Stanford's scoreless tie with
the Marin County squad October 9,
followed by a 1-0 Card victory against
the Teutonia kickers last week," con
tinued Maloney, indicating that prac
tice today and Friday will put his men
in readiness for the Mercury aggrega
tion, which will come to Stanford for
their game, to be staged on the field
near the stadium Saturday afternoon
at 3:30.
Coach Maloney is handling a squad
of forty varsity kickers, divided into
three teams. While his first string is
only tentatively picked, it is made up
of veteran players who will probably
start against the Mercury team.
A backfield of Evans and Holmes,
fullbacks, Cannon, Stollery, and
Wright, halves, and Forrest at the net,
is working out as a first-string com
bination, together with Coleman and
Farwell, wingmen, and Strowger, Ri
vero, and Bailard, inside forwards, as
linesmen.
Sa nMateo Junior College will play a
morning practice game against the
second varsity at 11 o'clock Saturday,
and it is probable that the 1930 eleven
will get into action against outside
competition yet to be selected, al
though a scrimmage with the freshman
team is set for 2 o'clock Saturday in
case a game is not scheduled, accord
ing to Donald McCarty, assistant to
Coach Maloney.
"I look for steady improvement in
the playing of the varsity soccer team
Saturday in its game with the Mercury
Club," said Coach Harry Maloney, di
rector of minor sports, who is direct
ing the activities of the Stanford
freshman and varsity soccer elevens,
now in the early part of their season's
schedule.
"That the varsity outfit is displaying
a better brand of ball each week is
shown by Stanford's scoreless tie with
the Marin County squad October 9,
followed by a 1-0 Card victory against
the Teutonia kickers last week," con
tinued Maloney, indicating that prac
tice today and Friday will put his men
in readiness for the Mercury aggrega
tion, which will come to Stanford for
their game, to be staged on the field
near the stadium Saturday afternoon
at 3:30.
Coach Maloney is handling a squad
of forty varsity kickers, divided into
three teams. While his first string is
only tentatively picked, it is made up
of veteran players who will probably
start against the Mercury team.
A backfield of Evans and Holmes,
fullbacks, Cannon, Stollery, and
Wright, halves, and Forrest at the net,
is working out as a first-string com
bination, together with Coleman and
Farwell, wingmen, and Strowger, Ri
vero, and Bailard, inside forwards, as
linesmen.
Sa nMateo Junior College will play a
morning practice game against the
second varsity at 11 o'clock Saturday,
and it is probable that the 1930 eleven
will get into action against outside
competition yet to be selected, al
though a scrimmage with the freshman
team is set for 2 o'clock Saturday in
case a game is not scheduled, accord
ing to Donald McCarty, assistant to
Coach Maloney.
"I look for steady improvement in
the playing of the varsity soccer team
Saturday in its game with the Mercury
Club," said Coach Harry Maloney, di
rector of minor sports, who is direct
ing the activities of the Stanford
freshman and varsity soccer elevens,
now in the early part of their season's
schedule.
"That the varsity outfit is displaying
a better brand of ball each week is
shown by Stanford's scoreless tie with
the Marin County squad October 9,
followed by a 1-0 Card victory against
the Teutonia kickers last week," con
tinued Maloney, indicating that prac
tice today and Friday will put his men
in readiness for the Mercury aggrega
tion, which will come to Stanford for
their game, to be staged on the field
near the stadium Saturday afternoon
at 3:30.
Coach Maloney is handling a squad
of forty varsity kickers, divided into
three teams. While his first string is
only tentatively picked, it is made up
of veteran players who will probably
start against the Mercury team.
A backfield of Evans and Holmes,
fullbacks, Cannon, Stollery, and
Wright, halves, and Forrest at the net,
is working out as a first-string com
bination, together with Coleman and
Farwell, wingmen, and Strowger, Ri
vero, and Bailard, inside forwards, as
linesmen.
Sa nMateo Junior College will play a
morning practice game against the
second varsity at 11 o'clock Saturday,
and it is probable that the 1930 eleven
will get into action against outside
competition yet to be selected, al
though a scrimmage with the freshman
team is set for 2 o'clock Saturday in
case a game is not scheduled, accord
ing to Donald McCarty, assistant to
Coach Maloney.
"I look for steady improvement in
the playing of the varsity soccer team
Saturday in its game with the Mercury
Club," said Coach Harry Maloney, di
rector of minor sports, who is direct
ing the activities of the Stanford
freshman and varsity soccer elevens,
now in the early part of their season's
schedule.
"That the varsity outfit is displaying
a better brand of ball each week is
shown by Stanford's scoreless tie with
the Marin County squad October 9,
followed by a 1-0 Card victory against
the Teutonia kickers last week," con
tinued Maloney, indicating that prac
tice today and Friday will put his men
in readiness for the Mercury aggrega
tion, which will come to Stanford for
their game, to be staged on the field
near the stadium Saturday afternoon
at 3:30.
Coach Maloney is handling a squad
of forty varsity kickers, divided into
three teams. While his first string is
only tentatively picked, it is made up
of veteran players who will probably
start against the Mercury team.
A backfield of Evans and Holmes,
fullbacks, Cannon, Stollery, and
Wright, halves, and Forrest at the net,
is working out as a first-string com
bination, together with Coleman and
Farwell, wingmen, and Strowger, Ri
vero, and Bailard, inside forwards, as
linesmen.
Sa nMateo Junior College will play a
morning practice game against the
second varsity at 11 o'clock Saturday,
and it is probable that the 1930 eleven
will get into action against outside
competition yet to be selected, al
though a scrimmage with the freshman
team is set for 2 o'clock Saturday in
case a game is not scheduled, accord
ing to Donald McCarty, assistant to
Coach Maloney.
