# TWO TUNNELS CONVEY HARVARD FOOD, STEAM
## 
### 
The grounds and buildings of Har
vard University are underlaid by two
systems of tunnels, one of which con
tains pipes used to carry the steam
for heating the college buildings, and
the other to transport food from the
kitchen to the four freshman dining
halls. The tunnels are everywhere
large enough to enable a man to stand
and walk comfortably in them. Their
use, however, is confined to engineers
and college officials and not to stu
dents who desire to go to and from
classes unseen.
The grounds and buildings of Har
vard University are underlaid by two
systems of tunnels, one of which con
tains pipes used to carry the steam
for heating the college buildings, and
the other to transport food from the
kitchen to the four freshman dining
halls. The tunnels are everywhere
large enough to enable a man to stand
and walk comfortably in them. Their
use, however, is confined to engineers
and college officials and not to stu
dents who desire to go to and from
classes unseen.
The grounds and buildings of Har
vard University are underlaid by two
systems of tunnels, one of which con
tains pipes used to carry the steam
for heating the college buildings, and
the other to transport food from the
kitchen to the four freshman dining
halls. The tunnels are everywhere
large enough to enable a man to stand
and walk comfortably in them. Their
use, however, is confined to engineers
and college officials and not to stu
dents who desire to go to and from
classes unseen.
The grounds and buildings of Har
vard University are underlaid by two
systems of tunnels, one of which con
tains pipes used to carry the steam
for heating the college buildings, and
the other to transport food from the
kitchen to the four freshman dining
halls. The tunnels are everywhere
large enough to enable a man to stand
and walk comfortably in them. Their
use, however, is confined to engineers
and college officials and not to stu
dents who desire to go to and from
classes unseen.
The grounds and buildings of Har
vard University are underlaid by two
systems of tunnels, one of which con
tains pipes used to carry the steam
for heating the college buildings, and
the other to transport food from the
kitchen to the four freshman dining
halls. The tunnels are everywhere
large enough to enable a man to stand
and walk comfortably in them. Their
use, however, is confined to engineers
and college officials and not to stu
dents who desire to go to and from
classes unseen.
The grounds and buildings of Har
vard University are underlaid by two
systems of tunnels, one of which con
tains pipes used to carry the steam
for heating the college buildings, and
the other to transport food from the
kitchen to the four freshman dining
halls. The tunnels are everywhere
large enough to enable a man to stand
and walk comfortably in them. Their
use, however, is confined to engineers
and college officials and not to stu
dents who desire to go to and from
classes unseen.
The grounds and buildings of Har
vard University are underlaid by two
systems of tunnels, one of which con
tains pipes used to carry the steam
for heating the college buildings, and
the other to transport food from the
kitchen to the four freshman dining
halls. The tunnels are everywhere
large enough to enable a man to stand
and walk comfortably in them. Their
use, however, is confined to engineers
and college officials and not to stu
dents who desire to go to and from
classes unseen.
The grounds and buildings of Har
vard University are underlaid by two
systems of tunnels, one of which con
tains pipes used to carry the steam
for heating the college buildings, and
the other to transport food from the
kitchen to the four freshman dining
halls. The tunnels are everywhere
large enough to enable a man to stand
and walk comfortably in them. Their
use, however, is confined to engineers
and college officials and not to stu
dents who desire to go to and from
classes unseen.
The grounds and buildings of Har
vard University are underlaid by two
systems of tunnels, one of which con
tains pipes used to carry the steam
for heating the college buildings, and
the other to transport food from the
kitchen to the four freshman dining
halls. The tunnels are everywhere
large enough to enable a man to stand
and walk comfortably in them. Their
use, however, is confined to engineers
and college officials and not to stu
dents who desire to go to and from
classes unseen.
The grounds and buildings of Har
vard University are underlaid by two
systems of tunnels, one of which con
tains pipes used to carry the steam
for heating the college buildings, and
the other to transport food from the
kitchen to the four freshman dining
halls. The tunnels are everywhere
large enough to enable a man to stand
and walk comfortably in them. Their
use, however, is confined to engineers
and college officials and not to stu
dents who desire to go to and from
classes unseen.
The grounds and buildings of Har
vard University are underlaid by two
systems of tunnels, one of which con
tains pipes used to carry the steam
for heating the college buildings, and
the other to transport food from the
kitchen to the four freshman dining
halls. The tunnels are everywhere
large enough to enable a man to stand
and walk comfortably in them. Their
use, however, is confined to engineers
and college officials and not to stu
dents who desire to go to and from
classes unseen.
The grounds and buildings of Har
vard University are underlaid by two
systems of tunnels, one of which con
tains pipes used to carry the steam
for heating the college buildings, and
the other to transport food from the
kitchen to the four freshman dining
halls. The tunnels are everywhere
large enough to enable a man to stand
and walk comfortably in them. Their
use, however, is confined to engineers
and college officials and not to stu
dents who desire to go to and from
classes unseen.
The grounds and buildings of Har
vard University are underlaid by two
systems of tunnels, one of which con
tains pipes used to carry the steam
for heating the college buildings, and
the other to transport food from the
kitchen to the four freshman dining
halls. The tunnels are everywhere
large enough to enable a man to stand
and walk comfortably in them. Their
use, however, is confined to engineers
and college officials and not to stu
dents who desire to go to and from
classes unseen.
The grounds and buildings of Har
vard University are underlaid by two
systems of tunnels, one of which con
tains pipes used to carry the steam
for heating the college buildings, and
the other to transport food from the
kitchen to the four freshman dining
halls. The tunnels are everywhere
large enough to enable a man to stand
and walk comfortably in them. Their
use, however, is confined to engineers
and college officials and not to stu
dents who desire to go to and from
classes unseen.
The grounds and buildings of Har
vard University are underlaid by two
systems of tunnels, one of which con
tains pipes used to carry the steam
for heating the college buildings, and
the other to transport food from the
kitchen to the four freshman dining
halls. The tunnels are everywhere
large enough to enable a man to stand
and walk comfortably in them. Their
use, however, is confined to engineers
and college officials and not to stu
dents who desire to go to and from
classes unseen.
