# Dr. Duniway Banqueted at Fresno.
## 
### 
An informal luncheon was given
by Stanford men in Fresno last Fri
day night to Professor C. A. Duni
way. who lectured before the Fresno
University Extension Club that
evening on "Belligerent Rights and
Natural Duties." At the luncheon
were eleven Stanford men from
classes ranging from '93 to '07.
Present were J. A. Nowell, '93, L.
A. Buchanan, '93, J. P. Bernhard,
'96, H. C. Smith, '97, H. \V. Grun
sky, '99, M. F. McCormick, '02, T.
E. Stephenson, '03, H. A. Sprague,
ex-'O4, A. C. Joy, ex-'O4, G. H.
Beebe, ex-'O4, and J. B. Stephenson,
ex-'O7.
The following letter was written
to Mrs. Stanford and signed by
those present at the luncheon: "An
informal gathering of Stanford men
at Fresno in honor of Professor
Duniway sends you this as a re
membrance of gratitude and es
teem."
In February Dr. Jordan will lec
ture before the extension center of
Fresno, and at that time a banquet
in his honor will be given. It is
expected that thirty Stanford men
and women will attend.
An informal luncheon was given
by Stanford men in Fresno last Fri
day night to Professor C. A. Duni
way. who lectured before the Fresno
University Extension Club that
evening on "Belligerent Rights and
Natural Duties." At the luncheon
were eleven Stanford men from
classes ranging from '93 to '07.
Present were J. A. Nowell, '93, L.
A. Buchanan, '93, J. P. Bernhard,
'96, H. C. Smith, '97, H. \V. Grun
sky, '99, M. F. McCormick, '02, T.
E. Stephenson, '03, H. A. Sprague,
ex-'O4, A. C. Joy, ex-'O4, G. H.
Beebe, ex-'O4, and J. B. Stephenson,
ex-'O7.
The following letter was written
to Mrs. Stanford and signed by
those present at the luncheon: "An
informal gathering of Stanford men
at Fresno in honor of Professor
Duniway sends you this as a re
membrance of gratitude and es
teem."
In February Dr. Jordan will lec
ture before the extension center of
Fresno, and at that time a banquet
in his honor will be given. It is
expected that thirty Stanford men
and women will attend.
An informal luncheon was given
by Stanford men in Fresno last Fri
day night to Professor C. A. Duni
way. who lectured before the Fresno
University Extension Club that
evening on "Belligerent Rights and
Natural Duties." At the luncheon
were eleven Stanford men from
classes ranging from '93 to '07.
Present were J. A. Nowell, '93, L.
A. Buchanan, '93, J. P. Bernhard,
'96, H. C. Smith, '97, H. \V. Grun
sky, '99, M. F. McCormick, '02, T.
E. Stephenson, '03, H. A. Sprague,
ex-'O4, A. C. Joy, ex-'O4, G. H.
Beebe, ex-'O4, and J. B. Stephenson,
ex-'O7.
The following letter was written
to Mrs. Stanford and signed by
those present at the luncheon: "An
informal gathering of Stanford men
at Fresno in honor of Professor
Duniway sends you this as a re
membrance of gratitude and es
teem."
In February Dr. Jordan will lec
ture before the extension center of
Fresno, and at that time a banquet
in his honor will be given. It is
expected that thirty Stanford men
and women will attend.
An informal luncheon was given
by Stanford men in Fresno last Fri
day night to Professor C. A. Duni
way. who lectured before the Fresno
University Extension Club that
evening on "Belligerent Rights and
Natural Duties." At the luncheon
were eleven Stanford men from
classes ranging from '93 to '07.
Present were J. A. Nowell, '93, L.
A. Buchanan, '93, J. P. Bernhard,
'96, H. C. Smith, '97, H. \V. Grun
sky, '99, M. F. McCormick, '02, T.
E. Stephenson, '03, H. A. Sprague,
ex-'O4, A. C. Joy, ex-'O4, G. H.
Beebe, ex-'O4, and J. B. Stephenson,
ex-'O7.
The following letter was written
to Mrs. Stanford and signed by
those present at the luncheon: "An
informal gathering of Stanford men
at Fresno in honor of Professor
Duniway sends you this as a re
membrance of gratitude and es
teem."
In February Dr. Jordan will lec
ture before the extension center of
Fresno, and at that time a banquet
in his honor will be given. It is
expected that thirty Stanford men
and women will attend.
An informal luncheon was given
by Stanford men in Fresno last Fri
day night to Professor C. A. Duni
way. who lectured before the Fresno
University Extension Club that
evening on "Belligerent Rights and
Natural Duties." At the luncheon
were eleven Stanford men from
classes ranging from '93 to '07.
Present were J. A. Nowell, '93, L.
A. Buchanan, '93, J. P. Bernhard,
'96, H. C. Smith, '97, H. \V. Grun
sky, '99, M. F. McCormick, '02, T.
E. Stephenson, '03, H. A. Sprague,
ex-'O4, A. C. Joy, ex-'O4, G. H.
Beebe, ex-'O4, and J. B. Stephenson,
ex-'O7.
The following letter was written
to Mrs. Stanford and signed by
those present at the luncheon: "An
informal gathering of Stanford men
at Fresno in honor of Professor
Duniway sends you this as a re
membrance of gratitude and es
teem."
In February Dr. Jordan will lec
ture before the extension center of
Fresno, and at that time a banquet
in his honor will be given. It is
expected that thirty Stanford men
and women will attend.
An informal luncheon was given
by Stanford men in Fresno last Fri
day night to Professor C. A. Duni
way. who lectured before the Fresno
University Extension Club that
evening on "Belligerent Rights and
Natural Duties." At the luncheon
were eleven Stanford men from
classes ranging from '93 to '07.
Present were J. A. Nowell, '93, L.
A. Buchanan, '93, J. P. Bernhard,
'96, H. C. Smith, '97, H. \V. Grun
sky, '99, M. F. McCormick, '02, T.
E. Stephenson, '03, H. A. Sprague,
ex-'O4, A. C. Joy, ex-'O4, G. H.
Beebe, ex-'O4, and J. B. Stephenson,
ex-'O7.
The following letter was written
to Mrs. Stanford and signed by
those present at the luncheon: "An
informal gathering of Stanford men
at Fresno in honor of Professor
Duniway sends you this as a re
membrance of gratitude and es
teem."
In February Dr. Jordan will lec
ture before the extension center of
Fresno, and at that time a banquet
in his honor will be given. It is
expected that thirty Stanford men
and women will attend.
An informal luncheon was given
by Stanford men in Fresno last Fri
day night to Professor C. A. Duni
way. who lectured before the Fresno
University Extension Club that
evening on "Belligerent Rights and
Natural Duties." At the luncheon
were eleven Stanford men from
classes ranging from '93 to '07.
Present were J. A. Nowell, '93, L.
A. Buchanan, '93, J. P. Bernhard,
'96, H. C. Smith, '97, H. \V. Grun
sky, '99, M. F. McCormick, '02, T.
E. Stephenson, '03, H. A. Sprague,
ex-'O4, A. C. Joy, ex-'O4, G. H.
Beebe, ex-'O4, and J. B. Stephenson,
ex-'O7.
The following letter was written
to Mrs. Stanford and signed by
those present at the luncheon: "An
informal gathering of Stanford men
at Fresno in honor of Professor
Duniway sends you this as a re
membrance of gratitude and es
teem."
In February Dr. Jordan will lec
ture before the extension center of
Fresno, and at that time a banquet
in his honor will be given. It is
expected that thirty Stanford men
and women will attend.
An informal luncheon was given
by Stanford men in Fresno last Fri
day night to Professor C. A. Duni
way. who lectured before the Fresno
University Extension Club that
evening on "Belligerent Rights and
Natural Duties." At the luncheon
were eleven Stanford men from
classes ranging from '93 to '07.
Present were J. A. Nowell, '93, L.
A. Buchanan, '93, J. P. Bernhard,
'96, H. C. Smith, '97, H. \V. Grun
sky, '99, M. F. McCormick, '02, T.
E. Stephenson, '03, H. A. Sprague,
ex-'O4, A. C. Joy, ex-'O4, G. H.
Beebe, ex-'O4, and J. B. Stephenson,
ex-'O7.
The following letter was written
to Mrs. Stanford and signed by
those present at the luncheon: "An
informal gathering of Stanford men
at Fresno in honor of Professor
Duniway sends you this as a re
membrance of gratitude and es
teem."
In February Dr. Jordan will lec
ture before the extension center of
Fresno, and at that time a banquet
in his honor will be given. It is
expected that thirty Stanford men
and women will attend.
An informal luncheon was given
by Stanford men in Fresno last Fri
day night to Professor C. A. Duni
way. who lectured before the Fresno
University Extension Club that
evening on "Belligerent Rights and
Natural Duties." At the luncheon
were eleven Stanford men from
classes ranging from '93 to '07.
Present were J. A. Nowell, '93, L.
A. Buchanan, '93, J. P. Bernhard,
'96, H. C. Smith, '97, H. \V. Grun
sky, '99, M. F. McCormick, '02, T.
E. Stephenson, '03, H. A. Sprague,
ex-'O4, A. C. Joy, ex-'O4, G. H.
Beebe, ex-'O4, and J. B. Stephenson,
ex-'O7.
The following letter was written
to Mrs. Stanford and signed by
those present at the luncheon: "An
informal gathering of Stanford men
at Fresno in honor of Professor
Duniway sends you this as a re
membrance of gratitude and es
teem."
In February Dr. Jordan will lec
ture before the extension center of
Fresno, and at that time a banquet
in his honor will be given. It is
expected that thirty Stanford men
and women will attend.
