# Adv. 13 Page 6
## 
### 
1990 - 9 1
financial
manager
manage over $2,000,000
supervise business managers
control budget of $400,000
negotiate business contracts
for more information, pick
up an application packet at
the assu business office,
2nd floor tresidder union.
applications are due 12
february 1990
1990 - 9 1
financial
manager
manage over $2,000,000
supervise business managers
control budget of $400,000
negotiate business contracts
for more information, pick
up an application packet at
the assu business office,
2nd floor tresidder union.
applications are due 12
february 1990
1990 - 9 1
financial
manager
manage over $2,000,000
supervise business managers
control budget of $400,000
negotiate business contracts
for more information, pick
up an application packet at
the assu business office,
2nd floor tresidder union.
applications are due 12
february 1990
1990 - 9 1
financial
manager
manage over $2,000,000
supervise business managers
control budget of $400,000
negotiate business contracts
for more information, pick
up an application packet at
the assu business office,
2nd floor tresidder union.
applications are due 12
february 1990
1990 - 9 1
financial
manager
manage over $2,000,000
supervise business managers
control budget of $400,000
negotiate business contracts
for more information, pick
up an application packet at
the assu business office,
2nd floor tresidder union.
applications are due 12
february 1990
1990 - 9 1
financial
manager
manage over $2,000,000
supervise business managers
control budget of $400,000
negotiate business contracts
for more information, pick
up an application packet at
the assu business office,
2nd floor tresidder union.
applications are due 12
february 1990
1990 - 9 1
financial
manager
manage over $2,000,000
supervise business managers
control budget of $400,000
negotiate business contracts
for more information, pick
up an application packet at
the assu business office,
2nd floor tresidder union.
applications are due 12
february 1990
1990 - 9 1
financial
manager
manage over $2,000,000
supervise business managers
control budget of $400,000
negotiate business contracts
for more information, pick
up an application packet at
the assu business office,
2nd floor tresidder union.
applications are due 12
february 1990
