# Adv. 12 Page 6
## 
### 
1990 - 9 1
project
managers
and
financial
assistants
6
managers
• Sunday flicks
• tshirts
• lecture notes
• ad agency
• drycleaning
• special projects
5
assistants
funding
banking service
budget
administration
projects
evaluation
pick up an application and
job brochure at the business
office, 2nd floor tresidder
union.
applications are due 20
february 1990.
1990 - 9 1
project
managers
and
financial
assistants
6
managers
• Sunday flicks
• tshirts
• lecture notes
• ad agency
• drycleaning
• special projects
5
assistants
funding
banking service
budget
administration
projects
evaluation
pick up an application and
job brochure at the business
office, 2nd floor tresidder
union.
applications are due 20
february 1990.
1990 - 9 1
project
managers
and
financial
assistants
6
managers
• Sunday flicks
• tshirts
• lecture notes
• ad agency
• drycleaning
• special projects
5
assistants
funding
banking service
budget
administration
projects
evaluation
pick up an application and
job brochure at the business
office, 2nd floor tresidder
union.
applications are due 20
february 1990.
1990 - 9 1
project
managers
and
financial
assistants
6
managers
• Sunday flicks
• tshirts
• lecture notes
• ad agency
• drycleaning
• special projects
5
assistants
funding
banking service
budget
administration
projects
evaluation
pick up an application and
job brochure at the business
office, 2nd floor tresidder
union.
applications are due 20
february 1990.
1990 - 9 1
project
managers
and
financial
assistants
6
managers
• Sunday flicks
• tshirts
• lecture notes
• ad agency
• drycleaning
• special projects
5
assistants
funding
banking service
budget
administration
projects
evaluation
pick up an application and
job brochure at the business
office, 2nd floor tresidder
union.
applications are due 20
february 1990.
1990 - 9 1
project
managers
and
financial
assistants
6
managers
• Sunday flicks
• tshirts
• lecture notes
• ad agency
• drycleaning
• special projects
5
assistants
funding
banking service
budget
administration
projects
evaluation
pick up an application and
job brochure at the business
office, 2nd floor tresidder
union.
applications are due 20
february 1990.
1990 - 9 1
project
managers
and
financial
assistants
6
managers
• Sunday flicks
• tshirts
• lecture notes
• ad agency
• drycleaning
• special projects
5
assistants
funding
banking service
budget
administration
projects
evaluation
pick up an application and
job brochure at the business
office, 2nd floor tresidder
union.
applications are due 20
february 1990.
1990 - 9 1
project
managers
and
financial
assistants
6
managers
• Sunday flicks
• tshirts
• lecture notes
• ad agency
• drycleaning
• special projects
5
assistants
funding
banking service
budget
administration
projects
evaluation
pick up an application and
job brochure at the business
office, 2nd floor tresidder
union.
applications are due 20
february 1990.
