# Adv. 7 Page 3
## 
### 
STANFORD
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St
I FOUND
A GOOD
HAIR TONIC?
Quinine Tonic, combats
dandruff — stimulates
the scalp—makes the
hair lie evenly, but is
not greasy.
75c Bottle
Made especially for the
University Pharmacy
F. J. Steinmetz
One-Half Block Below
the Circle
STANFORD
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St
I FOUND
A GOOD
HAIR TONIC?
Quinine Tonic, combats
dandruff — stimulates
the scalp—makes the
hair lie evenly, but is
not greasy.
75c Bottle
Made especially for the
University Pharmacy
F. J. Steinmetz
One-Half Block Below
the Circle
STANFORD
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St
I FOUND
A GOOD
HAIR TONIC?
Quinine Tonic, combats
dandruff — stimulates
the scalp—makes the
hair lie evenly, but is
not greasy.
75c Bottle
Made especially for the
University Pharmacy
F. J. Steinmetz
One-Half Block Below
the Circle
STANFORD
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St
I FOUND
A GOOD
HAIR TONIC?
Quinine Tonic, combats
dandruff — stimulates
the scalp—makes the
hair lie evenly, but is
not greasy.
75c Bottle
Made especially for the
University Pharmacy
F. J. Steinmetz
One-Half Block Below
the Circle
STANFORD
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St
I FOUND
A GOOD
HAIR TONIC?
Quinine Tonic, combats
dandruff — stimulates
the scalp—makes the
hair lie evenly, but is
not greasy.
75c Bottle
Made especially for the
University Pharmacy
F. J. Steinmetz
One-Half Block Below
the Circle
STANFORD
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St
I FOUND
A GOOD
HAIR TONIC?
Quinine Tonic, combats
dandruff — stimulates
the scalp—makes the
hair lie evenly, but is
not greasy.
75c Bottle
Made especially for the
University Pharmacy
F. J. Steinmetz
One-Half Block Below
the Circle
STANFORD
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St
I FOUND
A GOOD
HAIR TONIC?
Quinine Tonic, combats
dandruff — stimulates
the scalp—makes the
hair lie evenly, but is
not greasy.
75c Bottle
Made especially for the
University Pharmacy
F. J. Steinmetz
One-Half Block Below
the Circle
STANFORD
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St
I FOUND
A GOOD
HAIR TONIC?
Quinine Tonic, combats
dandruff — stimulates
the scalp—makes the
hair lie evenly, but is
not greasy.
75c Bottle
Made especially for the
University Pharmacy
F. J. Steinmetz
One-Half Block Below
the Circle
STANFORD
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St
I FOUND
A GOOD
HAIR TONIC?
Quinine Tonic, combats
dandruff — stimulates
the scalp—makes the
hair lie evenly, but is
not greasy.
75c Bottle
Made especially for the
University Pharmacy
F. J. Steinmetz
One-Half Block Below
the Circle
STANFORD
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St
I FOUND
A GOOD
HAIR TONIC?
Quinine Tonic, combats
dandruff — stimulates
the scalp—makes the
hair lie evenly, but is
not greasy.
75c Bottle
Made especially for the
University Pharmacy
F. J. Steinmetz
One-Half Block Below
the Circle
STANFORD
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St
I FOUND
A GOOD
HAIR TONIC?
Quinine Tonic, combats
dandruff — stimulates
the scalp—makes the
hair lie evenly, but is
not greasy.
75c Bottle
Made especially for the
University Pharmacy
F. J. Steinmetz
One-Half Block Below
the Circle
STANFORD
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St
I FOUND
A GOOD
HAIR TONIC?
Quinine Tonic, combats
dandruff — stimulates
the scalp—makes the
hair lie evenly, but is
not greasy.
75c Bottle
Made especially for the
University Pharmacy
F. J. Steinmetz
One-Half Block Below
the Circle
STANFORD
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St
I FOUND
A GOOD
HAIR TONIC?
Quinine Tonic, combats
dandruff — stimulates
the scalp—makes the
hair lie evenly, but is
not greasy.
75c Bottle
Made especially for the
University Pharmacy
F. J. Steinmetz
One-Half Block Below
the Circle
STANFORD
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St
I FOUND
A GOOD
HAIR TONIC?
Quinine Tonic, combats
dandruff — stimulates
the scalp—makes the
hair lie evenly, but is
not greasy.
75c Bottle
Made especially for the
University Pharmacy
F. J. Steinmetz
One-Half Block Below
the Circle
