# FOUR RESCUED FROM BOAT ADRIFT AT SEA
## 
### 
Four Stanford University students
recently had a harrowing experience
when the launch they were occupying
broke down at a point along the coast
between Balboa and Santa Catalina
Island, leaving them adrift at sea.

They are W. S. Pallette, David
Manoccir, Gardner Lippincott, and Neil
Cole, all members of Beta Theta Pi
fraternity. Starting for Avalon on the
island, the four left Balboa on the
morning of July 29. That afternoon the
sea became rough and, just before
getting to Catalina, it swept aboard
and drowned the motor. Without food
or water, except a single loaf of bread,
and unprotected in the open boat, they
drifted all night as they worked to
start the engine.

They were sighted by Captain John
Brenner of the tank steamer Inver
garry about nineteen miles south of
the island. They were out of tne ordi
nary sea lanes and it was only by
chance that the rescuing ship coming
in from London was off course, enough
to sight them. After being taken
aboard the Invergarry and fed, the en
gine was repaired and they started
back for Balboa.
Four Stanford University students
recently had a harrowing experience
when the launch they were occupying
broke down at a point along the coast
between Balboa and Santa Catalina
Island, leaving them adrift at sea.

They are W. S. Pallette, David
Manoccir, Gardner Lippincott, and Neil
Cole, all members of Beta Theta Pi
fraternity. Starting for Avalon on the
island, the four left Balboa on the
morning of July 29. That afternoon the
sea became rough and, just before
getting to Catalina, it swept aboard
and drowned the motor. Without food
or water, except a single loaf of bread,
and unprotected in the open boat, they
drifted all night as they worked to
start the engine.

They were sighted by Captain John
Brenner of the tank steamer Inver
garry about nineteen miles south of
the island. They were out of tne ordi
nary sea lanes and it was only by
chance that the rescuing ship coming
in from London was off course, enough
to sight them. After being taken
aboard the Invergarry and fed, the en
gine was repaired and they started
back for Balboa.
Four Stanford University students
recently had a harrowing experience
when the launch they were occupying
broke down at a point along the coast
between Balboa and Santa Catalina
Island, leaving them adrift at sea.

They are W. S. Pallette, David
Manoccir, Gardner Lippincott, and Neil
Cole, all members of Beta Theta Pi
fraternity. Starting for Avalon on the
island, the four left Balboa on the
morning of July 29. That afternoon the
sea became rough and, just before
getting to Catalina, it swept aboard
and drowned the motor. Without food
or water, except a single loaf of bread,
and unprotected in the open boat, they
drifted all night as they worked to
start the engine.

They were sighted by Captain John
Brenner of the tank steamer Inver
garry about nineteen miles south of
the island. They were out of tne ordi
nary sea lanes and it was only by
chance that the rescuing ship coming
in from London was off course, enough
to sight them. After being taken
aboard the Invergarry and fed, the en
gine was repaired and they started
back for Balboa.
Four Stanford University students
recently had a harrowing experience
when the launch they were occupying
broke down at a point along the coast
between Balboa and Santa Catalina
Island, leaving them adrift at sea.

They are W. S. Pallette, David
Manoccir, Gardner Lippincott, and Neil
Cole, all members of Beta Theta Pi
fraternity. Starting for Avalon on the
island, the four left Balboa on the
morning of July 29. That afternoon the
sea became rough and, just before
getting to Catalina, it swept aboard
and drowned the motor. Without food
or water, except a single loaf of bread,
and unprotected in the open boat, they
drifted all night as they worked to
start the engine.

They were sighted by Captain John
Brenner of the tank steamer Inver
garry about nineteen miles south of
the island. They were out of tne ordi
nary sea lanes and it was only by
chance that the rescuing ship coming
in from London was off course, enough
to sight them. After being taken
aboard the Invergarry and fed, the en
gine was repaired and they started
back for Balboa.
Four Stanford University students
recently had a harrowing experience
when the launch they were occupying
broke down at a point along the coast
between Balboa and Santa Catalina
Island, leaving them adrift at sea.

They are W. S. Pallette, David
Manoccir, Gardner Lippincott, and Neil
Cole, all members of Beta Theta Pi
fraternity. Starting for Avalon on the
island, the four left Balboa on the
morning of July 29. That afternoon the
sea became rough and, just before
getting to Catalina, it swept aboard
and drowned the motor. Without food
or water, except a single loaf of bread,
and unprotected in the open boat, they
drifted all night as they worked to
start the engine.

They were sighted by Captain John
Brenner of the tank steamer Inver
garry about nineteen miles south of
the island. They were out of tne ordi
nary sea lanes and it was only by
chance that the rescuing ship coming
in from London was off course, enough
to sight them. After being taken
aboard the Invergarry and fed, the en
gine was repaired and they started
back for Balboa.
Four Stanford University students
recently had a harrowing experience
when the launch they were occupying
broke down at a point along the coast
between Balboa and Santa Catalina
Island, leaving them adrift at sea.

They are W. S. Pallette, David
Manoccir, Gardner Lippincott, and Neil
Cole, all members of Beta Theta Pi
fraternity. Starting for Avalon on the
island, the four left Balboa on the
morning of July 29. That afternoon the
sea became rough and, just before
getting to Catalina, it swept aboard
and drowned the motor. Without food
or water, except a single loaf of bread,
and unprotected in the open boat, they
drifted all night as they worked to
start the engine.

They were sighted by Captain John
Brenner of the tank steamer Inver
garry about nineteen miles south of
the island. They were out of tne ordi
nary sea lanes and it was only by
chance that the rescuing ship coming
in from London was off course, enough
to sight them. After being taken
aboard the Invergarry and fed, the en
gine was repaired and they started
back for Balboa.
Four Stanford University students
recently had a harrowing experience
when the launch they were occupying
broke down at a point along the coast
between Balboa and Santa Catalina
Island, leaving them adrift at sea.

They are W. S. Pallette, David
Manoccir, Gardner Lippincott, and Neil
Cole, all members of Beta Theta Pi
fraternity. Starting for Avalon on the
island, the four left Balboa on the
morning of July 29. That afternoon the
sea became rough and, just before
getting to Catalina, it swept aboard
and drowned the motor. Without food
or water, except a single loaf of bread,
and unprotected in the open boat, they
drifted all night as they worked to
start the engine.

They were sighted by Captain John
Brenner of the tank steamer Inver
garry about nineteen miles south of
the island. They were out of tne ordi
nary sea lanes and it was only by
chance that the rescuing ship coming
in from London was off course, enough
to sight them. After being taken
aboard the Invergarry and fed, the en
gine was repaired and they started
back for Balboa.
Four Stanford University students
recently had a harrowing experience
when the launch they were occupying
broke down at a point along the coast
between Balboa and Santa Catalina
Island, leaving them adrift at sea.

They are W. S. Pallette, David
Manoccir, Gardner Lippincott, and Neil
Cole, all members of Beta Theta Pi
fraternity. Starting for Avalon on the
island, the four left Balboa on the
morning of July 29. That afternoon the
sea became rough and, just before
getting to Catalina, it swept aboard
and drowned the motor. Without food
or water, except a single loaf of bread,
and unprotected in the open boat, they
drifted all night as they worked to
start the engine.

They were sighted by Captain John
Brenner of the tank steamer Inver
garry about nineteen miles south of
the island. They were out of tne ordi
nary sea lanes and it was only by
chance that the rescuing ship coming
in from London was off course, enough
to sight them. After being taken
aboard the Invergarry and fed, the en
gine was repaired and they started
back for Balboa.
Four Stanford University students
recently had a harrowing experience
when the launch they were occupying
broke down at a point along the coast
between Balboa and Santa Catalina
Island, leaving them adrift at sea.

They are W. S. Pallette, David
Manoccir, Gardner Lippincott, and Neil
Cole, all members of Beta Theta Pi
fraternity. Starting for Avalon on the
island, the four left Balboa on the
morning of July 29. That afternoon the
sea became rough and, just before
getting to Catalina, it swept aboard
and drowned the motor. Without food
or water, except a single loaf of bread,
and unprotected in the open boat, they
drifted all night as they worked to
start the engine.

They were sighted by Captain John
Brenner of the tank steamer Inver
garry about nineteen miles south of
the island. They were out of tne ordi
nary sea lanes and it was only by
chance that the rescuing ship coming
in from London was off course, enough
to sight them. After being taken
aboard the Invergarry and fed, the en
gine was repaired and they started
back for Balboa.
Four Stanford University students
recently had a harrowing experience
when the launch they were occupying
broke down at a point along the coast
between Balboa and Santa Catalina
Island, leaving them adrift at sea.

They are W. S. Pallette, David
Manoccir, Gardner Lippincott, and Neil
Cole, all members of Beta Theta Pi
fraternity. Starting for Avalon on the
island, the four left Balboa on the
morning of July 29. That afternoon the
sea became rough and, just before
getting to Catalina, it swept aboard
and drowned the motor. Without food
or water, except a single loaf of bread,
and unprotected in the open boat, they
drifted all night as they worked to
start the engine.

They were sighted by Captain John
Brenner of the tank steamer Inver
garry about nineteen miles south of
the island. They were out of tne ordi
nary sea lanes and it was only by
chance that the rescuing ship coming
in from London was off course, enough
to sight them. After being taken
aboard the Invergarry and fed, the en
gine was repaired and they started
back for Balboa.
Four Stanford University students
recently had a harrowing experience
when the launch they were occupying
broke down at a point along the coast
between Balboa and Santa Catalina
Island, leaving them adrift at sea.

They are W. S. Pallette, David
Manoccir, Gardner Lippincott, and Neil
Cole, all members of Beta Theta Pi
fraternity. Starting for Avalon on the
island, the four left Balboa on the
morning of July 29. That afternoon the
sea became rough and, just before
getting to Catalina, it swept aboard
and drowned the motor. Without food
or water, except a single loaf of bread,
and unprotected in the open boat, they
drifted all night as they worked to
start the engine.

They were sighted by Captain John
Brenner of the tank steamer Inver
garry about nineteen miles south of
the island. They were out of tne ordi
nary sea lanes and it was only by
chance that the rescuing ship coming
in from London was off course, enough
to sight them. After being taken
aboard the Invergarry and fed, the en
gine was repaired and they started
back for Balboa.
Four Stanford University students
recently had a harrowing experience
when the launch they were occupying
broke down at a point along the coast
between Balboa and Santa Catalina
Island, leaving them adrift at sea.

They are W. S. Pallette, David
Manoccir, Gardner Lippincott, and Neil
Cole, all members of Beta Theta Pi
fraternity. Starting for Avalon on the
island, the four left Balboa on the
morning of July 29. That afternoon the
sea became rough and, just before
getting to Catalina, it swept aboard
and drowned the motor. Without food
or water, except a single loaf of bread,
and unprotected in the open boat, they
drifted all night as they worked to
start the engine.

They were sighted by Captain John
Brenner of the tank steamer Inver
garry about nineteen miles south of
the island. They were out of tne ordi
nary sea lanes and it was only by
chance that the rescuing ship coming
in from London was off course, enough
to sight them. After being taken
aboard the Invergarry and fed, the en
gine was repaired and they started
back for Balboa.
Four Stanford University students
recently had a harrowing experience
when the launch they were occupying
broke down at a point along the coast
between Balboa and Santa Catalina
Island, leaving them adrift at sea.

They are W. S. Pallette, David
Manoccir, Gardner Lippincott, and Neil
Cole, all members of Beta Theta Pi
fraternity. Starting for Avalon on the
island, the four left Balboa on the
morning of July 29. That afternoon the
sea became rough and, just before
getting to Catalina, it swept aboard
and drowned the motor. Without food
or water, except a single loaf of bread,
and unprotected in the open boat, they
drifted all night as they worked to
start the engine.

They were sighted by Captain John
Brenner of the tank steamer Inver
garry about nineteen miles south of
the island. They were out of tne ordi
nary sea lanes and it was only by
chance that the rescuing ship coming
in from London was off course, enough
to sight them. After being taken
aboard the Invergarry and fed, the en
gine was repaired and they started
back for Balboa.
Four Stanford University students
recently had a harrowing experience
when the launch they were occupying
broke down at a point along the coast
between Balboa and Santa Catalina
Island, leaving them adrift at sea.

They are W. S. Pallette, David
Manoccir, Gardner Lippincott, and Neil
Cole, all members of Beta Theta Pi
fraternity. Starting for Avalon on the
island, the four left Balboa on the
morning of July 29. That afternoon the
sea became rough and, just before
getting to Catalina, it swept aboard
and drowned the motor. Without food
or water, except a single loaf of bread,
and unprotected in the open boat, they
drifted all night as they worked to
start the engine.

They were sighted by Captain John
Brenner of the tank steamer Inver
garry about nineteen miles south of
the island. They were out of tne ordi
nary sea lanes and it was only by
chance that the rescuing ship coming
in from London was off course, enough
to sight them. After being taken
aboard the Invergarry and fed, the en
gine was repaired and they started
back for Balboa.
