# REFUSE CONTAINER USED AS MAIL BOX; LETTERS NOT LOST
## 
### 
Many strange things happen
during the summer quarter; wo
men students sit on the Law
Steps, freshman behave in un
heard-of ways, visiting students
do peculiar stunts; but queerer
than all these was the sight
across the street from the post
office last week.
A graduate student carrying a
number of letters in her hand ap
proached the large refuse can
near the postoffice. She ga'/ed
amusedly at the "Hop in, Alum
nae" sign across its front, drop
ped her letters inside, and de
parted.


DR. MORITZ GEIGER
Many strange things happen
during the summer quarter; wo
men students sit on the Law
Steps, freshman behave in un
heard-of ways, visiting students
do peculiar stunts; but queerer
than all these was the sight
across the street from the post
office last week.
A graduate student carrying a
number of letters in her hand ap
proached the large refuse can
near the postoffice. She ga'/ed
amusedly at the "Hop in, Alum
nae" sign across its front, drop
ped her letters inside, and de
parted.


DR. MORITZ GEIGER
Many strange things happen
during the summer quarter; wo
men students sit on the Law
Steps, freshman behave in un
heard-of ways, visiting students
do peculiar stunts; but queerer
than all these was the sight
across the street from the post
office last week.
A graduate student carrying a
number of letters in her hand ap
proached the large refuse can
near the postoffice. She ga'/ed
amusedly at the "Hop in, Alum
nae" sign across its front, drop
ped her letters inside, and de
parted.


DR. MORITZ GEIGER
Many strange things happen
during the summer quarter; wo
men students sit on the Law
Steps, freshman behave in un
heard-of ways, visiting students
do peculiar stunts; but queerer
than all these was the sight
across the street from the post
office last week.
A graduate student carrying a
number of letters in her hand ap
proached the large refuse can
near the postoffice. She ga'/ed
amusedly at the "Hop in, Alum
nae" sign across its front, drop
ped her letters inside, and de
parted.


DR. MORITZ GEIGER
Many strange things happen
during the summer quarter; wo
men students sit on the Law
Steps, freshman behave in un
heard-of ways, visiting students
do peculiar stunts; but queerer
than all these was the sight
across the street from the post
office last week.
A graduate student carrying a
number of letters in her hand ap
proached the large refuse can
near the postoffice. She ga'/ed
amusedly at the "Hop in, Alum
nae" sign across its front, drop
ped her letters inside, and de
parted.


DR. MORITZ GEIGER
Many strange things happen
during the summer quarter; wo
men students sit on the Law
Steps, freshman behave in un
heard-of ways, visiting students
do peculiar stunts; but queerer
than all these was the sight
across the street from the post
office last week.
A graduate student carrying a
number of letters in her hand ap
proached the large refuse can
near the postoffice. She ga'/ed
amusedly at the "Hop in, Alum
nae" sign across its front, drop
ped her letters inside, and de
parted.


DR. MORITZ GEIGER
Many strange things happen
during the summer quarter; wo
men students sit on the Law
Steps, freshman behave in un
heard-of ways, visiting students
do peculiar stunts; but queerer
than all these was the sight
across the street from the post
office last week.
A graduate student carrying a
number of letters in her hand ap
proached the large refuse can
near the postoffice. She ga'/ed
amusedly at the "Hop in, Alum
nae" sign across its front, drop
ped her letters inside, and de
parted.


DR. MORITZ GEIGER
Many strange things happen
during the summer quarter; wo
men students sit on the Law
Steps, freshman behave in un
heard-of ways, visiting students
do peculiar stunts; but queerer
than all these was the sight
across the street from the post
office last week.
A graduate student carrying a
number of letters in her hand ap
proached the large refuse can
near the postoffice. She ga'/ed
amusedly at the "Hop in, Alum
nae" sign across its front, drop
ped her letters inside, and de
parted.


DR. MORITZ GEIGER
Many strange things happen
during the summer quarter; wo
men students sit on the Law
Steps, freshman behave in un
heard-of ways, visiting students
do peculiar stunts; but queerer
than all these was the sight
across the street from the post
office last week.
A graduate student carrying a
number of letters in her hand ap
proached the large refuse can
near the postoffice. She ga'/ed
amusedly at the "Hop in, Alum
nae" sign across its front, drop
ped her letters inside, and de
parted.


DR. MORITZ GEIGER
Many strange things happen
during the summer quarter; wo
men students sit on the Law
Steps, freshman behave in un
heard-of ways, visiting students
do peculiar stunts; but queerer
than all these was the sight
across the street from the post
office last week.
A graduate student carrying a
number of letters in her hand ap
proached the large refuse can
near the postoffice. She ga'/ed
amusedly at the "Hop in, Alum
nae" sign across its front, drop
ped her letters inside, and de
parted.


DR. MORITZ GEIGER
Many strange things happen
during the summer quarter; wo
men students sit on the Law
Steps, freshman behave in un
heard-of ways, visiting students
do peculiar stunts; but queerer
than all these was the sight
across the street from the post
office last week.
A graduate student carrying a
number of letters in her hand ap
proached the large refuse can
near the postoffice. She ga'/ed
amusedly at the "Hop in, Alum
nae" sign across its front, drop
ped her letters inside, and de
parted.


DR. MORITZ GEIGER
Many strange things happen
during the summer quarter; wo
men students sit on the Law
Steps, freshman behave in un
heard-of ways, visiting students
do peculiar stunts; but queerer
than all these was the sight
across the street from the post
office last week.
A graduate student carrying a
number of letters in her hand ap
proached the large refuse can
near the postoffice. She ga'/ed
amusedly at the "Hop in, Alum
nae" sign across its front, drop
ped her letters inside, and de
parted.


DR. MORITZ GEIGER
Many strange things happen
during the summer quarter; wo
men students sit on the Law
Steps, freshman behave in un
heard-of ways, visiting students
do peculiar stunts; but queerer
than all these was the sight
across the street from the post
office last week.
A graduate student carrying a
number of letters in her hand ap
proached the large refuse can
near the postoffice. She ga'/ed
amusedly at the "Hop in, Alum
nae" sign across its front, drop
ped her letters inside, and de
parted.


DR. MORITZ GEIGER
Many strange things happen
during the summer quarter; wo
men students sit on the Law
Steps, freshman behave in un
heard-of ways, visiting students
do peculiar stunts; but queerer
than all these was the sight
across the street from the post
office last week.
A graduate student carrying a
number of letters in her hand ap
proached the large refuse can
near the postoffice. She ga'/ed
amusedly at the "Hop in, Alum
nae" sign across its front, drop
ped her letters inside, and de
parted.


DR. MORITZ GEIGER
