# Schoop Ballet Here Friday
## Comic Dancers Present Novel Human Sketches, 
### 
Trudi Sehoop and her Comic Bal
let will appear in the Stanford Pa
vilion Friday night as the third artist
in the Concert Series. Her group of
young men and women are dancers,
actors, and comedians at the same
time, producing a sketch of human
life full of vivacity and freshness.
The opening number, "At the Ad
vertisement Window," has merited
wide acclaim for its novelty. "The
Dancing Comediennes of the Zurich
Civic Theater" are on their first
American tour.
Mile School has grouped and in
structed her ensemble in the "new
and different" dancing of modern
times which she represents. She will
give several solo numbers herself.
Tickets for Trudi Schoop's appear
ance Friday are obtainable at Kee
ble's in Palo Alto or at the Concert
Series office in the Old Union.
Trudi Sehoop and her Comic Bal
let will appear in the Stanford Pa
vilion Friday night as the third artist
in the Concert Series. Her group of
young men and women are dancers,
actors, and comedians at the same
time, producing a sketch of human
life full of vivacity and freshness.
The opening number, "At the Ad
vertisement Window," has merited
wide acclaim for its novelty. "The
Dancing Comediennes of the Zurich
Civic Theater" are on their first
American tour.
Mile School has grouped and in
structed her ensemble in the "new
and different" dancing of modern
times which she represents. She will
give several solo numbers herself.
Tickets for Trudi Schoop's appear
ance Friday are obtainable at Kee
ble's in Palo Alto or at the Concert
Series office in the Old Union.
Trudi Sehoop and her Comic Bal
let will appear in the Stanford Pa
vilion Friday night as the third artist
in the Concert Series. Her group of
young men and women are dancers,
actors, and comedians at the same
time, producing a sketch of human
life full of vivacity and freshness.
The opening number, "At the Ad
vertisement Window," has merited
wide acclaim for its novelty. "The
Dancing Comediennes of the Zurich
Civic Theater" are on their first
American tour.
Mile School has grouped and in
structed her ensemble in the "new
and different" dancing of modern
times which she represents. She will
give several solo numbers herself.
Tickets for Trudi Schoop's appear
ance Friday are obtainable at Kee
ble's in Palo Alto or at the Concert
Series office in the Old Union.
Trudi Sehoop and her Comic Bal
let will appear in the Stanford Pa
vilion Friday night as the third artist
in the Concert Series. Her group of
young men and women are dancers,
actors, and comedians at the same
time, producing a sketch of human
life full of vivacity and freshness.
The opening number, "At the Ad
vertisement Window," has merited
wide acclaim for its novelty. "The
Dancing Comediennes of the Zurich
Civic Theater" are on their first
American tour.
Mile School has grouped and in
structed her ensemble in the "new
and different" dancing of modern
times which she represents. She will
give several solo numbers herself.
Tickets for Trudi Schoop's appear
ance Friday are obtainable at Kee
ble's in Palo Alto or at the Concert
Series office in the Old Union.
Trudi Sehoop and her Comic Bal
let will appear in the Stanford Pa
vilion Friday night as the third artist
in the Concert Series. Her group of
young men and women are dancers,
actors, and comedians at the same
time, producing a sketch of human
life full of vivacity and freshness.
The opening number, "At the Ad
vertisement Window," has merited
wide acclaim for its novelty. "The
Dancing Comediennes of the Zurich
Civic Theater" are on their first
American tour.
Mile School has grouped and in
structed her ensemble in the "new
and different" dancing of modern
times which she represents. She will
give several solo numbers herself.
Tickets for Trudi Schoop's appear
ance Friday are obtainable at Kee
ble's in Palo Alto or at the Concert
Series office in the Old Union.
Trudi Sehoop and her Comic Bal
let will appear in the Stanford Pa
vilion Friday night as the third artist
in the Concert Series. Her group of
young men and women are dancers,
actors, and comedians at the same
time, producing a sketch of human
life full of vivacity and freshness.
The opening number, "At the Ad
vertisement Window," has merited
wide acclaim for its novelty. "The
Dancing Comediennes of the Zurich
Civic Theater" are on their first
American tour.
Mile School has grouped and in
structed her ensemble in the "new
and different" dancing of modern
times which she represents. She will
give several solo numbers herself.
Tickets for Trudi Schoop's appear
ance Friday are obtainable at Kee
ble's in Palo Alto or at the Concert
Series office in the Old Union.
Trudi Sehoop and her Comic Bal
let will appear in the Stanford Pa
vilion Friday night as the third artist
in the Concert Series. Her group of
young men and women are dancers,
actors, and comedians at the same
time, producing a sketch of human
life full of vivacity and freshness.
The opening number, "At the Ad
vertisement Window," has merited
wide acclaim for its novelty. "The
Dancing Comediennes of the Zurich
Civic Theater" are on their first
American tour.
Mile School has grouped and in
structed her ensemble in the "new
and different" dancing of modern
times which she represents. She will
give several solo numbers herself.
Tickets for Trudi Schoop's appear
ance Friday are obtainable at Kee
ble's in Palo Alto or at the Concert
Series office in the Old Union.
Trudi Sehoop and her Comic Bal
let will appear in the Stanford Pa
vilion Friday night as the third artist
in the Concert Series. Her group of
young men and women are dancers,
actors, and comedians at the same
time, producing a sketch of human
life full of vivacity and freshness.
The opening number, "At the Ad
vertisement Window," has merited
wide acclaim for its novelty. "The
Dancing Comediennes of the Zurich
Civic Theater" are on their first
American tour.
Mile School has grouped and in
structed her ensemble in the "new
and different" dancing of modern
times which she represents. She will
give several solo numbers herself.
Tickets for Trudi Schoop's appear
ance Friday are obtainable at Kee
ble's in Palo Alto or at the Concert
Series office in the Old Union.
Trudi Sehoop and her Comic Bal
let will appear in the Stanford Pa
vilion Friday night as the third artist
in the Concert Series. Her group of
young men and women are dancers,
actors, and comedians at the same
time, producing a sketch of human
life full of vivacity and freshness.
The opening number, "At the Ad
vertisement Window," has merited
wide acclaim for its novelty. "The
Dancing Comediennes of the Zurich
Civic Theater" are on their first
American tour.
Mile School has grouped and in
structed her ensemble in the "new
and different" dancing of modern
times which she represents. She will
give several solo numbers herself.
Tickets for Trudi Schoop's appear
ance Friday are obtainable at Kee
ble's in Palo Alto or at the Concert
Series office in the Old Union.
Trudi Sehoop and her Comic Bal
let will appear in the Stanford Pa
vilion Friday night as the third artist
in the Concert Series. Her group of
young men and women are dancers,
actors, and comedians at the same
time, producing a sketch of human
life full of vivacity and freshness.
The opening number, "At the Ad
vertisement Window," has merited
wide acclaim for its novelty. "The
Dancing Comediennes of the Zurich
Civic Theater" are on their first
American tour.
Mile School has grouped and in
structed her ensemble in the "new
and different" dancing of modern
times which she represents. She will
give several solo numbers herself.
Tickets for Trudi Schoop's appear
ance Friday are obtainable at Kee
ble's in Palo Alto or at the Concert
Series office in the Old Union.
Trudi Sehoop and her Comic Bal
let will appear in the Stanford Pa
vilion Friday night as the third artist
in the Concert Series. Her group of
young men and women are dancers,
actors, and comedians at the same
time, producing a sketch of human
life full of vivacity and freshness.
The opening number, "At the Ad
vertisement Window," has merited
wide acclaim for its novelty. "The
Dancing Comediennes of the Zurich
Civic Theater" are on their first
American tour.
Mile School has grouped and in
structed her ensemble in the "new
and different" dancing of modern
times which she represents. She will
give several solo numbers herself.
Tickets for Trudi Schoop's appear
ance Friday are obtainable at Kee
ble's in Palo Alto or at the Concert
Series office in the Old Union.
Trudi Sehoop and her Comic Bal
let will appear in the Stanford Pa
vilion Friday night as the third artist
in the Concert Series. Her group of
young men and women are dancers,
actors, and comedians at the same
time, producing a sketch of human
life full of vivacity and freshness.
The opening number, "At the Ad
vertisement Window," has merited
wide acclaim for its novelty. "The
Dancing Comediennes of the Zurich
Civic Theater" are on their first
American tour.
Mile School has grouped and in
structed her ensemble in the "new
and different" dancing of modern
times which she represents. She will
give several solo numbers herself.
Tickets for Trudi Schoop's appear
ance Friday are obtainable at Kee
ble's in Palo Alto or at the Concert
Series office in the Old Union.
Trudi Sehoop and her Comic Bal
let will appear in the Stanford Pa
vilion Friday night as the third artist
in the Concert Series. Her group of
young men and women are dancers,
actors, and comedians at the same
time, producing a sketch of human
life full of vivacity and freshness.
The opening number, "At the Ad
vertisement Window," has merited
wide acclaim for its novelty. "The
Dancing Comediennes of the Zurich
Civic Theater" are on their first
American tour.
Mile School has grouped and in
structed her ensemble in the "new
and different" dancing of modern
times which she represents. She will
give several solo numbers herself.
Tickets for Trudi Schoop's appear
ance Friday are obtainable at Kee
ble's in Palo Alto or at the Concert
Series office in the Old Union.
Trudi Sehoop and her Comic Bal
let will appear in the Stanford Pa
vilion Friday night as the third artist
in the Concert Series. Her group of
young men and women are dancers,
actors, and comedians at the same
time, producing a sketch of human
life full of vivacity and freshness.
The opening number, "At the Ad
vertisement Window," has merited
wide acclaim for its novelty. "The
Dancing Comediennes of the Zurich
Civic Theater" are on their first
American tour.
Mile School has grouped and in
structed her ensemble in the "new
and different" dancing of modern
times which she represents. She will
give several solo numbers herself.
Tickets for Trudi Schoop's appear
ance Friday are obtainable at Kee
ble's in Palo Alto or at the Concert
Series office in the Old Union.
Trudi Sehoop and her Comic Bal
let will appear in the Stanford Pa
vilion Friday night as the third artist
in the Concert Series. Her group of
young men and women are dancers,
actors, and comedians at the same
time, producing a sketch of human
life full of vivacity and freshness.
The opening number, "At the Ad
vertisement Window," has merited
wide acclaim for its novelty. "The
Dancing Comediennes of the Zurich
Civic Theater" are on their first
American tour.
Mile School has grouped and in
structed her ensemble in the "new
and different" dancing of modern
times which she represents. She will
give several solo numbers herself.
Tickets for Trudi Schoop's appear
ance Friday are obtainable at Kee
ble's in Palo Alto or at the Concert
Series office in the Old Union.
Trudi Sehoop and her Comic Bal
let will appear in the Stanford Pa
vilion Friday night as the third artist
in the Concert Series. Her group of
young men and women are dancers,
actors, and comedians at the same
time, producing a sketch of human
life full of vivacity and freshness.
The opening number, "At the Ad
vertisement Window," has merited
wide acclaim for its novelty. "The
Dancing Comediennes of the Zurich
Civic Theater" are on their first
American tour.
Mile School has grouped and in
structed her ensemble in the "new
and different" dancing of modern
times which she represents. She will
give several solo numbers herself.
Tickets for Trudi Schoop's appear
ance Friday are obtainable at Kee
ble's in Palo Alto or at the Concert
Series office in the Old Union.
