# ENCINA FORMAL DATE SET
## 
### 
Encina Club has set February 22
for its annual informal, Dean Pie
rose, club president, announced
yesterday. Dance committee in
cludes Floyd Breycr, Bob Kress,
Dick Spencer, Bill Hatch, Bud Mos
covics, and Tony Kcese. Bids, now
obtainable from the committee, are
$1.50.
Encina Club has set February 22
for its annual informal, Dean Pie
rose, club president, announced
yesterday. Dance committee in
cludes Floyd Breycr, Bob Kress,
Dick Spencer, Bill Hatch, Bud Mos
covics, and Tony Kcese. Bids, now
obtainable from the committee, are
$1.50.
Encina Club has set February 22
for its annual informal, Dean Pie
rose, club president, announced
yesterday. Dance committee in
cludes Floyd Breycr, Bob Kress,
Dick Spencer, Bill Hatch, Bud Mos
covics, and Tony Kcese. Bids, now
obtainable from the committee, are
$1.50.
Encina Club has set February 22
for its annual informal, Dean Pie
rose, club president, announced
yesterday. Dance committee in
cludes Floyd Breycr, Bob Kress,
Dick Spencer, Bill Hatch, Bud Mos
covics, and Tony Kcese. Bids, now
obtainable from the committee, are
$1.50.
Encina Club has set February 22
for its annual informal, Dean Pie
rose, club president, announced
yesterday. Dance committee in
cludes Floyd Breycr, Bob Kress,
Dick Spencer, Bill Hatch, Bud Mos
covics, and Tony Kcese. Bids, now
obtainable from the committee, are
$1.50.
Encina Club has set February 22
for its annual informal, Dean Pie
rose, club president, announced
yesterday. Dance committee in
cludes Floyd Breycr, Bob Kress,
Dick Spencer, Bill Hatch, Bud Mos
covics, and Tony Kcese. Bids, now
obtainable from the committee, are
$1.50.
Encina Club has set February 22
for its annual informal, Dean Pie
rose, club president, announced
yesterday. Dance committee in
cludes Floyd Breycr, Bob Kress,
Dick Spencer, Bill Hatch, Bud Mos
covics, and Tony Kcese. Bids, now
obtainable from the committee, are
$1.50.
Encina Club has set February 22
for its annual informal, Dean Pie
rose, club president, announced
yesterday. Dance committee in
cludes Floyd Breycr, Bob Kress,
Dick Spencer, Bill Hatch, Bud Mos
covics, and Tony Kcese. Bids, now
obtainable from the committee, are
$1.50.
Encina Club has set February 22
for its annual informal, Dean Pie
rose, club president, announced
yesterday. Dance committee in
cludes Floyd Breycr, Bob Kress,
Dick Spencer, Bill Hatch, Bud Mos
covics, and Tony Kcese. Bids, now
obtainable from the committee, are
$1.50.
Encina Club has set February 22
for its annual informal, Dean Pie
rose, club president, announced
yesterday. Dance committee in
cludes Floyd Breycr, Bob Kress,
Dick Spencer, Bill Hatch, Bud Mos
covics, and Tony Kcese. Bids, now
obtainable from the committee, are
$1.50.
Encina Club has set February 22
for its annual informal, Dean Pie
rose, club president, announced
yesterday. Dance committee in
cludes Floyd Breycr, Bob Kress,
Dick Spencer, Bill Hatch, Bud Mos
covics, and Tony Kcese. Bids, now
obtainable from the committee, are
$1.50.
Encina Club has set February 22
for its annual informal, Dean Pie
rose, club president, announced
yesterday. Dance committee in
cludes Floyd Breycr, Bob Kress,
Dick Spencer, Bill Hatch, Bud Mos
covics, and Tony Kcese. Bids, now
obtainable from the committee, are
$1.50.
Encina Club has set February 22
for its annual informal, Dean Pie
rose, club president, announced
yesterday. Dance committee in
cludes Floyd Breycr, Bob Kress,
Dick Spencer, Bill Hatch, Bud Mos
covics, and Tony Kcese. Bids, now
obtainable from the committee, are
$1.50.
Encina Club has set February 22
for its annual informal, Dean Pie
rose, club president, announced
yesterday. Dance committee in
cludes Floyd Breycr, Bob Kress,
Dick Spencer, Bill Hatch, Bud Mos
covics, and Tony Kcese. Bids, now
obtainable from the committee, are
$1.50.
Encina Club has set February 22
for its annual informal, Dean Pie
rose, club president, announced
yesterday. Dance committee in
cludes Floyd Breycr, Bob Kress,
Dick Spencer, Bill Hatch, Bud Mos
covics, and Tony Kcese. Bids, now
obtainable from the committee, are
$1.50.
Encina Club has set February 22
for its annual informal, Dean Pie
rose, club president, announced
yesterday. Dance committee in
cludes Floyd Breycr, Bob Kress,
Dick Spencer, Bill Hatch, Bud Mos
covics, and Tony Kcese. Bids, now
obtainable from the committee, are
$1.50.
