# Follies
## 
### 


FANNY BRICE (top) and Har
lem's dancing genius, Jose
phine Baker are included in
the 1936 version of "Zieg
feld's Follies. (A.P. Photo)


FANNY BRICE (top) and Har
lem's dancing genius, Jose
phine Baker are included in
the 1936 version of "Zieg
feld's Follies. (A.P. Photo)


FANNY BRICE (top) and Har
lem's dancing genius, Jose
phine Baker are included in
the 1936 version of "Zieg
feld's Follies. (A.P. Photo)


FANNY BRICE (top) and Har
lem's dancing genius, Jose
phine Baker are included in
the 1936 version of "Zieg
feld's Follies. (A.P. Photo)


FANNY BRICE (top) and Har
lem's dancing genius, Jose
phine Baker are included in
the 1936 version of "Zieg
feld's Follies. (A.P. Photo)


FANNY BRICE (top) and Har
lem's dancing genius, Jose
phine Baker are included in
the 1936 version of "Zieg
feld's Follies. (A.P. Photo)


FANNY BRICE (top) and Har
lem's dancing genius, Jose
phine Baker are included in
the 1936 version of "Zieg
feld's Follies. (A.P. Photo)


FANNY BRICE (top) and Har
lem's dancing genius, Jose
phine Baker are included in
the 1936 version of "Zieg
feld's Follies. (A.P. Photo)


FANNY BRICE (top) and Har
lem's dancing genius, Jose
phine Baker are included in
the 1936 version of "Zieg
feld's Follies. (A.P. Photo)


FANNY BRICE (top) and Har
lem's dancing genius, Jose
phine Baker are included in
the 1936 version of "Zieg
feld's Follies. (A.P. Photo)


FANNY BRICE (top) and Har
lem's dancing genius, Jose
phine Baker are included in
the 1936 version of "Zieg
feld's Follies. (A.P. Photo)


FANNY BRICE (top) and Har
lem's dancing genius, Jose
phine Baker are included in
the 1936 version of "Zieg
feld's Follies. (A.P. Photo)


FANNY BRICE (top) and Har
lem's dancing genius, Jose
phine Baker are included in
the 1936 version of "Zieg
feld's Follies. (A.P. Photo)


FANNY BRICE (top) and Har
lem's dancing genius, Jose
phine Baker are included in
the 1936 version of "Zieg
feld's Follies. (A.P. Photo)


FANNY BRICE (top) and Har
lem's dancing genius, Jose
phine Baker are included in
the 1936 version of "Zieg
feld's Follies. (A.P. Photo)


FANNY BRICE (top) and Har
lem's dancing genius, Jose
phine Baker are included in
the 1936 version of "Zieg
feld's Follies. (A.P. Photo)
