# Salvaged from the Frayâ€”
## 
### 

Stanford luminaries in Saturday's Santa Claar tussle: Fred Wil
liams (right), made the best ground gaining average of the Stanford
backs, while Jack Clark, end, was awarded the first Keeble pen for
being hte outstanding Stanford player, both defensively and offen
sively.


Stanford luminaries in Saturday's Santa Claar tussle: Fred Wil
liams (right), made the best ground gaining average of the Stanford
backs, while Jack Clark, end, was awarded the first Keeble pen for
being hte outstanding Stanford player, both defensively and offen
sively.


Stanford luminaries in Saturday's Santa Claar tussle: Fred Wil
liams (right), made the best ground gaining average of the Stanford
backs, while Jack Clark, end, was awarded the first Keeble pen for
being hte outstanding Stanford player, both defensively and offen
sively.


Stanford luminaries in Saturday's Santa Claar tussle: Fred Wil
liams (right), made the best ground gaining average of the Stanford
backs, while Jack Clark, end, was awarded the first Keeble pen for
being hte outstanding Stanford player, both defensively and offen
sively.


Stanford luminaries in Saturday's Santa Claar tussle: Fred Wil
liams (right), made the best ground gaining average of the Stanford
backs, while Jack Clark, end, was awarded the first Keeble pen for
being hte outstanding Stanford player, both defensively and offen
sively.


Stanford luminaries in Saturday's Santa Claar tussle: Fred Wil
liams (right), made the best ground gaining average of the Stanford
backs, while Jack Clark, end, was awarded the first Keeble pen for
being hte outstanding Stanford player, both defensively and offen
sively.


Stanford luminaries in Saturday's Santa Claar tussle: Fred Wil
liams (right), made the best ground gaining average of the Stanford
backs, while Jack Clark, end, was awarded the first Keeble pen for
being hte outstanding Stanford player, both defensively and offen
sively.


Stanford luminaries in Saturday's Santa Claar tussle: Fred Wil
liams (right), made the best ground gaining average of the Stanford
backs, while Jack Clark, end, was awarded the first Keeble pen for
being hte outstanding Stanford player, both defensively and offen
sively.


Stanford luminaries in Saturday's Santa Claar tussle: Fred Wil
liams (right), made the best ground gaining average of the Stanford
backs, while Jack Clark, end, was awarded the first Keeble pen for
being hte outstanding Stanford player, both defensively and offen
sively.


Stanford luminaries in Saturday's Santa Claar tussle: Fred Wil
liams (right), made the best ground gaining average of the Stanford
backs, while Jack Clark, end, was awarded the first Keeble pen for
being hte outstanding Stanford player, both defensively and offen
sively.


Stanford luminaries in Saturday's Santa Claar tussle: Fred Wil
liams (right), made the best ground gaining average of the Stanford
backs, while Jack Clark, end, was awarded the first Keeble pen for
being hte outstanding Stanford player, both defensively and offen
sively.


Stanford luminaries in Saturday's Santa Claar tussle: Fred Wil
liams (right), made the best ground gaining average of the Stanford
backs, while Jack Clark, end, was awarded the first Keeble pen for
being hte outstanding Stanford player, both defensively and offen
sively.


Stanford luminaries in Saturday's Santa Claar tussle: Fred Wil
liams (right), made the best ground gaining average of the Stanford
backs, while Jack Clark, end, was awarded the first Keeble pen for
being hte outstanding Stanford player, both defensively and offen
sively.


Stanford luminaries in Saturday's Santa Claar tussle: Fred Wil
liams (right), made the best ground gaining average of the Stanford
backs, while Jack Clark, end, was awarded the first Keeble pen for
being hte outstanding Stanford player, both defensively and offen
sively.


Stanford luminaries in Saturday's Santa Claar tussle: Fred Wil
liams (right), made the best ground gaining average of the Stanford
backs, while Jack Clark, end, was awarded the first Keeble pen for
being hte outstanding Stanford player, both defensively and offen
sively.


Stanford luminaries in Saturday's Santa Claar tussle: Fred Wil
liams (right), made the best ground gaining average of the Stanford
backs, while Jack Clark, end, was awarded the first Keeble pen for
being hte outstanding Stanford player, both defensively and offen
sively.

