# FUNDS VARIED
## 
### 
Generosity of students, receipts
from special vaudeville shows, and
Masque Ball profits all went lor en
larging Administration's dream of a
small Inner Quad Theater to the
giant construction now being built
near Kncina.
Generosity of students, receipts
from special vaudeville shows, and
Masque Ball profits all went lor en
larging Administration's dream of a
small Inner Quad Theater to the
giant construction now being built
near Kncina.
Generosity of students, receipts
from special vaudeville shows, and
Masque Ball profits all went lor en
larging Administration's dream of a
small Inner Quad Theater to the
giant construction now being built
near Kncina.
Generosity of students, receipts
from special vaudeville shows, and
Masque Ball profits all went lor en
larging Administration's dream of a
small Inner Quad Theater to the
giant construction now being built
near Kncina.
Generosity of students, receipts
from special vaudeville shows, and
Masque Ball profits all went lor en
larging Administration's dream of a
small Inner Quad Theater to the
giant construction now being built
near Kncina.
Generosity of students, receipts
from special vaudeville shows, and
Masque Ball profits all went lor en
larging Administration's dream of a
small Inner Quad Theater to the
giant construction now being built
near Kncina.
Generosity of students, receipts
from special vaudeville shows, and
Masque Ball profits all went lor en
larging Administration's dream of a
small Inner Quad Theater to the
giant construction now being built
near Kncina.
Generosity of students, receipts
from special vaudeville shows, and
Masque Ball profits all went lor en
larging Administration's dream of a
small Inner Quad Theater to the
giant construction now being built
near Kncina.
Generosity of students, receipts
from special vaudeville shows, and
Masque Ball profits all went lor en
larging Administration's dream of a
small Inner Quad Theater to the
giant construction now being built
near Kncina.
Generosity of students, receipts
from special vaudeville shows, and
Masque Ball profits all went lor en
larging Administration's dream of a
small Inner Quad Theater to the
giant construction now being built
near Kncina.
Generosity of students, receipts
from special vaudeville shows, and
Masque Ball profits all went lor en
larging Administration's dream of a
small Inner Quad Theater to the
giant construction now being built
near Kncina.
Generosity of students, receipts
from special vaudeville shows, and
Masque Ball profits all went lor en
larging Administration's dream of a
small Inner Quad Theater to the
giant construction now being built
near Kncina.
Generosity of students, receipts
from special vaudeville shows, and
Masque Ball profits all went lor en
larging Administration's dream of a
small Inner Quad Theater to the
giant construction now being built
near Kncina.
Generosity of students, receipts
from special vaudeville shows, and
Masque Ball profits all went lor en
larging Administration's dream of a
small Inner Quad Theater to the
giant construction now being built
near Kncina.
Generosity of students, receipts
from special vaudeville shows, and
Masque Ball profits all went lor en
larging Administration's dream of a
small Inner Quad Theater to the
giant construction now being built
near Kncina.
Generosity of students, receipts
from special vaudeville shows, and
Masque Ball profits all went lor en
larging Administration's dream of a
small Inner Quad Theater to the
giant construction now being built
near Kncina.
