# Headliners in Saturday's Get-together
## 
### 



These boys had at each other all afternoon in the Stanford-Santa
Clara frarns. tipper, Joe Vigna and Boh Matthews. Cardinal half and
guard; lower, Ncllo Falaschi and ol)n l)c Rosa, Kronen quarter and
halfback.




These boys had at each other all afternoon in the Stanford-Santa
Clara frarns. tipper, Joe Vigna and Boh Matthews. Cardinal half and
guard; lower, Ncllo Falaschi and ol)n l)c Rosa, Kronen quarter and
halfback.




These boys had at each other all afternoon in the Stanford-Santa
Clara frarns. tipper, Joe Vigna and Boh Matthews. Cardinal half and
guard; lower, Ncllo Falaschi and ol)n l)c Rosa, Kronen quarter and
halfback.




These boys had at each other all afternoon in the Stanford-Santa
Clara frarns. tipper, Joe Vigna and Boh Matthews. Cardinal half and
guard; lower, Ncllo Falaschi and ol)n l)c Rosa, Kronen quarter and
halfback.




These boys had at each other all afternoon in the Stanford-Santa
Clara frarns. tipper, Joe Vigna and Boh Matthews. Cardinal half and
guard; lower, Ncllo Falaschi and ol)n l)c Rosa, Kronen quarter and
halfback.




These boys had at each other all afternoon in the Stanford-Santa
Clara frarns. tipper, Joe Vigna and Boh Matthews. Cardinal half and
guard; lower, Ncllo Falaschi and ol)n l)c Rosa, Kronen quarter and
halfback.




These boys had at each other all afternoon in the Stanford-Santa
Clara frarns. tipper, Joe Vigna and Boh Matthews. Cardinal half and
guard; lower, Ncllo Falaschi and ol)n l)c Rosa, Kronen quarter and
halfback.




These boys had at each other all afternoon in the Stanford-Santa
Clara frarns. tipper, Joe Vigna and Boh Matthews. Cardinal half and
guard; lower, Ncllo Falaschi and ol)n l)c Rosa, Kronen quarter and
halfback.




These boys had at each other all afternoon in the Stanford-Santa
Clara frarns. tipper, Joe Vigna and Boh Matthews. Cardinal half and
guard; lower, Ncllo Falaschi and ol)n l)c Rosa, Kronen quarter and
halfback.




These boys had at each other all afternoon in the Stanford-Santa
Clara frarns. tipper, Joe Vigna and Boh Matthews. Cardinal half and
guard; lower, Ncllo Falaschi and ol)n l)c Rosa, Kronen quarter and
halfback.




These boys had at each other all afternoon in the Stanford-Santa
Clara frarns. tipper, Joe Vigna and Boh Matthews. Cardinal half and
guard; lower, Ncllo Falaschi and ol)n l)c Rosa, Kronen quarter and
halfback.




These boys had at each other all afternoon in the Stanford-Santa
Clara frarns. tipper, Joe Vigna and Boh Matthews. Cardinal half and
guard; lower, Ncllo Falaschi and ol)n l)c Rosa, Kronen quarter and
halfback.




These boys had at each other all afternoon in the Stanford-Santa
Clara frarns. tipper, Joe Vigna and Boh Matthews. Cardinal half and
guard; lower, Ncllo Falaschi and ol)n l)c Rosa, Kronen quarter and
halfback.




These boys had at each other all afternoon in the Stanford-Santa
Clara frarns. tipper, Joe Vigna and Boh Matthews. Cardinal half and
guard; lower, Ncllo Falaschi and ol)n l)c Rosa, Kronen quarter and
halfback.




These boys had at each other all afternoon in the Stanford-Santa
Clara frarns. tipper, Joe Vigna and Boh Matthews. Cardinal half and
guard; lower, Ncllo Falaschi and ol)n l)c Rosa, Kronen quarter and
halfback.




These boys had at each other all afternoon in the Stanford-Santa
Clara frarns. tipper, Joe Vigna and Boh Matthews. Cardinal half and
guard; lower, Ncllo Falaschi and ol)n l)c Rosa, Kronen quarter and
halfback.

