# Japan To Retain Submarine Units
## 
### 
TOKIO, Sept. 28 (/Pi.—The news
paper Asahi reported today that Ja
pan shortly will inform the United
States that her decision to. retain
submarine and destroyer tonnage in
excess of London naval treaty limits
is a counter step against British and
American retention of destroyer ton
nage.
Japan's combined retention of 16,-
000 tons of submarines and 11,000
tons of destroyers, Asahi asserts, is
not a violation of the naval pact
from the Japanese point of view.
TOKIO, Sept. 28 (/Pi.—The news
paper Asahi reported today that Ja
pan shortly will inform the United
States that her decision to. retain
submarine and destroyer tonnage in
excess of London naval treaty limits
is a counter step against British and
American retention of destroyer ton
nage.
Japan's combined retention of 16,-
000 tons of submarines and 11,000
tons of destroyers, Asahi asserts, is
not a violation of the naval pact
from the Japanese point of view.
TOKIO, Sept. 28 (/Pi.—The news
paper Asahi reported today that Ja
pan shortly will inform the United
States that her decision to. retain
submarine and destroyer tonnage in
excess of London naval treaty limits
is a counter step against British and
American retention of destroyer ton
nage.
Japan's combined retention of 16,-
000 tons of submarines and 11,000
tons of destroyers, Asahi asserts, is
not a violation of the naval pact
from the Japanese point of view.
TOKIO, Sept. 28 (/Pi.—The news
paper Asahi reported today that Ja
pan shortly will inform the United
States that her decision to. retain
submarine and destroyer tonnage in
excess of London naval treaty limits
is a counter step against British and
American retention of destroyer ton
nage.
Japan's combined retention of 16,-
000 tons of submarines and 11,000
tons of destroyers, Asahi asserts, is
not a violation of the naval pact
from the Japanese point of view.
TOKIO, Sept. 28 (/Pi.—The news
paper Asahi reported today that Ja
pan shortly will inform the United
States that her decision to. retain
submarine and destroyer tonnage in
excess of London naval treaty limits
is a counter step against British and
American retention of destroyer ton
nage.
Japan's combined retention of 16,-
000 tons of submarines and 11,000
tons of destroyers, Asahi asserts, is
not a violation of the naval pact
from the Japanese point of view.
TOKIO, Sept. 28 (/Pi.—The news
paper Asahi reported today that Ja
pan shortly will inform the United
States that her decision to. retain
submarine and destroyer tonnage in
excess of London naval treaty limits
is a counter step against British and
American retention of destroyer ton
nage.
Japan's combined retention of 16,-
000 tons of submarines and 11,000
tons of destroyers, Asahi asserts, is
not a violation of the naval pact
from the Japanese point of view.
TOKIO, Sept. 28 (/Pi.—The news
paper Asahi reported today that Ja
pan shortly will inform the United
States that her decision to. retain
submarine and destroyer tonnage in
excess of London naval treaty limits
is a counter step against British and
American retention of destroyer ton
nage.
Japan's combined retention of 16,-
000 tons of submarines and 11,000
tons of destroyers, Asahi asserts, is
not a violation of the naval pact
from the Japanese point of view.
TOKIO, Sept. 28 (/Pi.—The news
paper Asahi reported today that Ja
pan shortly will inform the United
States that her decision to. retain
submarine and destroyer tonnage in
excess of London naval treaty limits
is a counter step against British and
American retention of destroyer ton
nage.
Japan's combined retention of 16,-
000 tons of submarines and 11,000
tons of destroyers, Asahi asserts, is
not a violation of the naval pact
from the Japanese point of view.
TOKIO, Sept. 28 (/Pi.—The news
paper Asahi reported today that Ja
pan shortly will inform the United
States that her decision to. retain
submarine and destroyer tonnage in
excess of London naval treaty limits
is a counter step against British and
American retention of destroyer ton
nage.
Japan's combined retention of 16,-
000 tons of submarines and 11,000
tons of destroyers, Asahi asserts, is
not a violation of the naval pact
from the Japanese point of view.
TOKIO, Sept. 28 (/Pi.—The news
paper Asahi reported today that Ja
pan shortly will inform the United
States that her decision to. retain
submarine and destroyer tonnage in
excess of London naval treaty limits
is a counter step against British and
American retention of destroyer ton
nage.
Japan's combined retention of 16,-
000 tons of submarines and 11,000
tons of destroyers, Asahi asserts, is
not a violation of the naval pact
from the Japanese point of view.
TOKIO, Sept. 28 (/Pi.—The news
paper Asahi reported today that Ja
pan shortly will inform the United
States that her decision to. retain
submarine and destroyer tonnage in
excess of London naval treaty limits
is a counter step against British and
American retention of destroyer ton
nage.
Japan's combined retention of 16,-
000 tons of submarines and 11,000
tons of destroyers, Asahi asserts, is
not a violation of the naval pact
from the Japanese point of view.
TOKIO, Sept. 28 (/Pi.—The news
paper Asahi reported today that Ja
pan shortly will inform the United
States that her decision to. retain
submarine and destroyer tonnage in
excess of London naval treaty limits
is a counter step against British and
American retention of destroyer ton
nage.
Japan's combined retention of 16,-
000 tons of submarines and 11,000
tons of destroyers, Asahi asserts, is
not a violation of the naval pact
from the Japanese point of view.
TOKIO, Sept. 28 (/Pi.—The news
paper Asahi reported today that Ja
pan shortly will inform the United
States that her decision to. retain
submarine and destroyer tonnage in
excess of London naval treaty limits
is a counter step against British and
American retention of destroyer ton
nage.
Japan's combined retention of 16,-
000 tons of submarines and 11,000
tons of destroyers, Asahi asserts, is
not a violation of the naval pact
from the Japanese point of view.
TOKIO, Sept. 28 (/Pi.—The news
paper Asahi reported today that Ja
pan shortly will inform the United
States that her decision to. retain
submarine and destroyer tonnage in
excess of London naval treaty limits
is a counter step against British and
American retention of destroyer ton
nage.
Japan's combined retention of 16,-
000 tons of submarines and 11,000
tons of destroyers, Asahi asserts, is
not a violation of the naval pact
from the Japanese point of view.
TOKIO, Sept. 28 (/Pi.—The news
paper Asahi reported today that Ja
pan shortly will inform the United
States that her decision to. retain
submarine and destroyer tonnage in
excess of London naval treaty limits
is a counter step against British and
American retention of destroyer ton
nage.
Japan's combined retention of 16,-
000 tons of submarines and 11,000
tons of destroyers, Asahi asserts, is
not a violation of the naval pact
from the Japanese point of view.
TOKIO, Sept. 28 (/Pi.—The news
paper Asahi reported today that Ja
pan shortly will inform the United
States that her decision to. retain
submarine and destroyer tonnage in
excess of London naval treaty limits
is a counter step against British and
American retention of destroyer ton
nage.
Japan's combined retention of 16,-
000 tons of submarines and 11,000
tons of destroyers, Asahi asserts, is
not a violation of the naval pact
from the Japanese point of view.
