# Summer Champions
## 
### 

Sherman Lockwoods 1936 tennis squad continued its exploits on
through the summer, with a successful invasion of the East lasting
into September. Left to right: Ben Dey, Boh Braly, Bill Seward, John
Law, Bob Underwood, and Coach Lockwood.

Sherman Lockwoods 1936 tennis squad continued its exploits on
through the summer, with a successful invasion of the East lasting
into September. Left to right: Ben Dey, Boh Braly, Bill Seward, John
Law, Bob Underwood, and Coach Lockwood.

Sherman Lockwoods 1936 tennis squad continued its exploits on
through the summer, with a successful invasion of the East lasting
into September. Left to right: Ben Dey, Boh Braly, Bill Seward, John
Law, Bob Underwood, and Coach Lockwood.

Sherman Lockwoods 1936 tennis squad continued its exploits on
through the summer, with a successful invasion of the East lasting
into September. Left to right: Ben Dey, Boh Braly, Bill Seward, John
Law, Bob Underwood, and Coach Lockwood.

Sherman Lockwoods 1936 tennis squad continued its exploits on
through the summer, with a successful invasion of the East lasting
into September. Left to right: Ben Dey, Boh Braly, Bill Seward, John
Law, Bob Underwood, and Coach Lockwood.

Sherman Lockwoods 1936 tennis squad continued its exploits on
through the summer, with a successful invasion of the East lasting
into September. Left to right: Ben Dey, Boh Braly, Bill Seward, John
Law, Bob Underwood, and Coach Lockwood.

Sherman Lockwoods 1936 tennis squad continued its exploits on
through the summer, with a successful invasion of the East lasting
into September. Left to right: Ben Dey, Boh Braly, Bill Seward, John
Law, Bob Underwood, and Coach Lockwood.

Sherman Lockwoods 1936 tennis squad continued its exploits on
through the summer, with a successful invasion of the East lasting
into September. Left to right: Ben Dey, Boh Braly, Bill Seward, John
Law, Bob Underwood, and Coach Lockwood.

Sherman Lockwoods 1936 tennis squad continued its exploits on
through the summer, with a successful invasion of the East lasting
into September. Left to right: Ben Dey, Boh Braly, Bill Seward, John
Law, Bob Underwood, and Coach Lockwood.

Sherman Lockwoods 1936 tennis squad continued its exploits on
through the summer, with a successful invasion of the East lasting
into September. Left to right: Ben Dey, Boh Braly, Bill Seward, John
Law, Bob Underwood, and Coach Lockwood.

Sherman Lockwoods 1936 tennis squad continued its exploits on
through the summer, with a successful invasion of the East lasting
into September. Left to right: Ben Dey, Boh Braly, Bill Seward, John
Law, Bob Underwood, and Coach Lockwood.

Sherman Lockwoods 1936 tennis squad continued its exploits on
through the summer, with a successful invasion of the East lasting
into September. Left to right: Ben Dey, Boh Braly, Bill Seward, John
Law, Bob Underwood, and Coach Lockwood.

Sherman Lockwoods 1936 tennis squad continued its exploits on
through the summer, with a successful invasion of the East lasting
into September. Left to right: Ben Dey, Boh Braly, Bill Seward, John
Law, Bob Underwood, and Coach Lockwood.

Sherman Lockwoods 1936 tennis squad continued its exploits on
through the summer, with a successful invasion of the East lasting
into September. Left to right: Ben Dey, Boh Braly, Bill Seward, John
Law, Bob Underwood, and Coach Lockwood.

Sherman Lockwoods 1936 tennis squad continued its exploits on
through the summer, with a successful invasion of the East lasting
into September. Left to right: Ben Dey, Boh Braly, Bill Seward, John
Law, Bob Underwood, and Coach Lockwood.

Sherman Lockwoods 1936 tennis squad continued its exploits on
through the summer, with a successful invasion of the East lasting
into September. Left to right: Ben Dey, Boh Braly, Bill Seward, John
Law, Bob Underwood, and Coach Lockwood.
