# THE 						SENIOR BALL.
## It Began at Seven O'Clock Monday Evening, Long Before the Daylight Faded. 
### 
Only the limited space remain
ing in the edition at the time this
is written prevents giving descrip
tion commensurate with the elabor
ateness and beauty of the Senior
Ball Monday evening in Encina
club-room. Shortly after seven
o'clock, long before daylight began
to fade, Yanke's military band,
playing from the balcony of the
second floor, struck up the first
number on the program of thirty
dances. The experiment of begin
ning so early was a novel one, but
had been made necessary by the
decree that dancing would have to
cease at midnight. The ball-room
itself was darkened when the dance
began, but the sinking sun shone on
outdoor promenaders during the
early intermissions.
The illumination of the main
room was from two large groups
of red-globed incandescent lights
forming the class numerals, '02,
hung high up on the walls. In
harmony with the spirit of the
music of the uniformed band, flags
were used extensively for decora
tion, as well as palms, bamboo,
plants, and bunting. Pleasing
features were the booths arranged
l>y several of the fraternities.
From the eighteenth until the
twenty-fifth dance supper was
served at tables on the second floor.
More than one hundred and ten
couples attended the ball, a large
number of them being visitors. The
patronesses were Mrs. Jordan, Mrs.
Pease, Mrs. Baily, Mrs. Stephenson,
Mrs. Painter, Mrs. Talbot, Mrs.
Leib, Mrs. Tallant. Mrs. Folsom,
Mrs. Bacon, Mrs. Oilman, Mrs.
Wilbur, Mrs. Storey, and Mrs. Ray.
The committee in charge of the
function was composed of R. S.
Fisher, chairman, Miss E. M.
Wheeler, Miss M. V. Martin, 1). V.
Cowden, A. J. Copp, .Jr., C. E.
Waite, C. W. Sell, and F. A. Leib.
