# Adv. 19 Page 7
## 
### 
hm
• Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced m
office skills, if you are
between /obs returning to
the working world retired
but still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers for
light industries [plant
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
Eoua' Opportunity E^oioye^
Tuiomas
Jemporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Atto
328-0300.-,
V _ X.]p 1
hm
• Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced m
office skills, if you are
between /obs returning to
the working world retired
but still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers for
light industries [plant
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
Eoua' Opportunity E^oioye^
Tuiomas
Jemporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Atto
328-0300.-,
V _ X.]p 1
hm
• Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced m
office skills, if you are
between /obs returning to
the working world retired
but still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers for
light industries [plant
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
Eoua' Opportunity E^oioye^
Tuiomas
Jemporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Atto
328-0300.-,
V _ X.]p 1
hm
• Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced m
office skills, if you are
between /obs returning to
the working world retired
but still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers for
light industries [plant
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
Eoua' Opportunity E^oioye^
Tuiomas
Jemporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Atto
328-0300.-,
V _ X.]p 1
hm
• Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced m
office skills, if you are
between /obs returning to
the working world retired
but still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers for
light industries [plant
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
Eoua' Opportunity E^oioye^
Tuiomas
Jemporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Atto
328-0300.-,
V _ X.]p 1
hm
• Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced m
office skills, if you are
between /obs returning to
the working world retired
but still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers for
light industries [plant
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
Eoua' Opportunity E^oioye^
Tuiomas
Jemporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Atto
328-0300.-,
V _ X.]p 1
hm
• Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced m
office skills, if you are
between /obs returning to
the working world retired
but still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers for
light industries [plant
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
Eoua' Opportunity E^oioye^
Tuiomas
Jemporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Atto
328-0300.-,
V _ X.]p 1
hm
• Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced m
office skills, if you are
between /obs returning to
the working world retired
but still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers for
light industries [plant
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
Eoua' Opportunity E^oioye^
Tuiomas
Jemporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Atto
328-0300.-,
V _ X.]p 1
hm
• Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced m
office skills, if you are
between /obs returning to
the working world retired
but still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers for
light industries [plant
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
Eoua' Opportunity E^oioye^
Tuiomas
Jemporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Atto
328-0300.-,
V _ X.]p 1
