# Adv. 19 Page 5
## 
### 
Qs^Ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
SSSsk
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlifle
J JEWELERS
535 Bryant Stroot
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
Qs^Ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
SSSsk
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlifle
J JEWELERS
535 Bryant Stroot
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
Qs^Ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
SSSsk
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlifle
J JEWELERS
535 Bryant Stroot
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
Qs^Ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
SSSsk
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlifle
J JEWELERS
535 Bryant Stroot
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
Qs^Ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
SSSsk
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlifle
J JEWELERS
535 Bryant Stroot
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
Qs^Ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
SSSsk
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlifle
J JEWELERS
535 Bryant Stroot
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
Qs^Ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
SSSsk
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlifle
J JEWELERS
535 Bryant Stroot
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
Qs^Ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
SSSsk
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlifle
J JEWELERS
535 Bryant Stroot
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
Qs^Ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
SSSsk
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlifle
J JEWELERS
535 Bryant Stroot
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
Qs^Ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
SSSsk
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlifle
J JEWELERS
535 Bryant Stroot
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
Qs^Ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
SSSsk
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlifle
J JEWELERS
535 Bryant Stroot
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
Qs^Ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
SSSsk
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlifle
J JEWELERS
535 Bryant Stroot
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
Qs^Ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
SSSsk
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlifle
J JEWELERS
535 Bryant Stroot
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
Qs^Ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
SSSsk
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlifle
J JEWELERS
535 Bryant Stroot
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
Qs^Ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
SSSsk
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlifle
J JEWELERS
535 Bryant Stroot
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
