# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
j Exclusively
| for guys with
j! good taste
and 16.50—
j our flannel slacks,
s no pleats
* buckle-back
|§ charcoal tones.
o| Strictly Ivy,
, the eastern kind, 11
j not the poison.
I &*ur» S
j Exclusively
| for guys with
j! good taste
and 16.50—
j our flannel slacks,
s no pleats
* buckle-back
|§ charcoal tones.
o| Strictly Ivy,
, the eastern kind, 11
j not the poison.
I &*ur» S
j Exclusively
| for guys with
j! good taste
and 16.50—
j our flannel slacks,
s no pleats
* buckle-back
|§ charcoal tones.
o| Strictly Ivy,
, the eastern kind, 11
j not the poison.
I &*ur» S
j Exclusively
| for guys with
j! good taste
and 16.50—
j our flannel slacks,
s no pleats
* buckle-back
|§ charcoal tones.
o| Strictly Ivy,
, the eastern kind, 11
j not the poison.
I &*ur» S
j Exclusively
| for guys with
j! good taste
and 16.50—
j our flannel slacks,
s no pleats
* buckle-back
|§ charcoal tones.
o| Strictly Ivy,
, the eastern kind, 11
j not the poison.
I &*ur» S
j Exclusively
| for guys with
j! good taste
and 16.50—
j our flannel slacks,
s no pleats
* buckle-back
|§ charcoal tones.
o| Strictly Ivy,
, the eastern kind, 11
j not the poison.
I &*ur» S
j Exclusively
| for guys with
j! good taste
and 16.50—
j our flannel slacks,
s no pleats
* buckle-back
|§ charcoal tones.
o| Strictly Ivy,
, the eastern kind, 11
j not the poison.
I &*ur» S
j Exclusively
| for guys with
j! good taste
and 16.50—
j our flannel slacks,
s no pleats
* buckle-back
|§ charcoal tones.
o| Strictly Ivy,
, the eastern kind, 11
j not the poison.
I &*ur» S
j Exclusively
| for guys with
j! good taste
and 16.50—
j our flannel slacks,
s no pleats
* buckle-back
|§ charcoal tones.
o| Strictly Ivy,
, the eastern kind, 11
j not the poison.
I &*ur» S
j Exclusively
| for guys with
j! good taste
and 16.50—
j our flannel slacks,
s no pleats
* buckle-back
|§ charcoal tones.
o| Strictly Ivy,
, the eastern kind, 11
j not the poison.
I &*ur» S
j Exclusively
| for guys with
j! good taste
and 16.50—
j our flannel slacks,
s no pleats
* buckle-back
|§ charcoal tones.
o| Strictly Ivy,
, the eastern kind, 11
j not the poison.
I &*ur» S
j Exclusively
| for guys with
j! good taste
and 16.50—
j our flannel slacks,
s no pleats
* buckle-back
|§ charcoal tones.
o| Strictly Ivy,
, the eastern kind, 11
j not the poison.
I &*ur» S
j Exclusively
| for guys with
j! good taste
and 16.50—
j our flannel slacks,
s no pleats
* buckle-back
|§ charcoal tones.
o| Strictly Ivy,
, the eastern kind, 11
j not the poison.
I &*ur» S
j Exclusively
| for guys with
j! good taste
and 16.50—
j our flannel slacks,
s no pleats
* buckle-back
|§ charcoal tones.
o| Strictly Ivy,
, the eastern kind, 11
j not the poison.
I &*ur» S
