# Unions Hit KEAR Plea For Money
## 
### JACK BYRNE 
Union leaders in the KEAR strike
denounced a Friday night appeal to
listeners for funds as "an insult to
the community."
Steven A. Cisler, president of the
station, asked for funds to run the
station during the strike emergency
when advertisers had been "intimi
dated" into suspending their pro
grams.
Boh Lanahan, who is heading the
joint negotiations for the two strik
ing unions, s"aid yesterday: "We
maintain that Cisler's appeal is based
on distortions of the truth and that
it is designed to incite people against
the union on the basis that the un
ions are opposed to good music, and
is in effect asking not to support
good music, but rather to help break
a legitimate strike.
''We think that this is an insult to
the community, because it is not
only a cultural center, but it is a
trade union center, where people
enjoy a high wage and a high stand
ard of living.
"Both of the unions are supporters
of cultural activities in the commu
nity, 'including good music, but we
don't feel that employees of the sta
tion should be called upon to subsi
dize 'good music' while the employer
is operating that business as a ven
ture for profit, nor should we have
to subsidize culture at the expense
of the living standards of our fami
lies."
Lanahan added that the union had
asked for equal time over the fa
cilities of KEAR to respond to Cis
ler's appeal, but had not yet re
ceived any answer to the request.
He added that telegrams had been
sent to the Federal Communications
Commission asking that Cisler's li
cense be revoked for improper use
of the station, as what he described
as a "propaganda tool."
Union leaders in the KEAR strike
denounced a Friday night appeal to
listeners for funds as "an insult to
the community."
Steven A. Cisler, president of the
station, asked for funds to run the
station during the strike emergency
when advertisers had been "intimi
dated" into suspending their pro
grams.
Boh Lanahan, who is heading the
joint negotiations for the two strik
ing unions, s"aid yesterday: "We
maintain that Cisler's appeal is based
on distortions of the truth and that
it is designed to incite people against
the union on the basis that the un
ions are opposed to good music, and
is in effect asking not to support
good music, but rather to help break
a legitimate strike.
''We think that this is an insult to
the community, because it is not
only a cultural center, but it is a
trade union center, where people
enjoy a high wage and a high stand
ard of living.
"Both of the unions are supporters
of cultural activities in the commu
nity, 'including good music, but we
don't feel that employees of the sta
tion should be called upon to subsi
dize 'good music' while the employer
is operating that business as a ven
ture for profit, nor should we have
to subsidize culture at the expense
of the living standards of our fami
lies."
Lanahan added that the union had
asked for equal time over the fa
cilities of KEAR to respond to Cis
ler's appeal, but had not yet re
ceived any answer to the request.
He added that telegrams had been
sent to the Federal Communications
Commission asking that Cisler's li
cense be revoked for improper use
of the station, as what he described
as a "propaganda tool."
Union leaders in the KEAR strike
denounced a Friday night appeal to
listeners for funds as "an insult to
the community."
Steven A. Cisler, president of the
station, asked for funds to run the
station during the strike emergency
when advertisers had been "intimi
dated" into suspending their pro
grams.
Boh Lanahan, who is heading the
joint negotiations for the two strik
ing unions, s"aid yesterday: "We
maintain that Cisler's appeal is based
on distortions of the truth and that
it is designed to incite people against
the union on the basis that the un
ions are opposed to good music, and
is in effect asking not to support
good music, but rather to help break
a legitimate strike.
''We think that this is an insult to
the community, because it is not
only a cultural center, but it is a
trade union center, where people
enjoy a high wage and a high stand
ard of living.
"Both of the unions are supporters
of cultural activities in the commu
nity, 'including good music, but we
don't feel that employees of the sta
tion should be called upon to subsi
dize 'good music' while the employer
is operating that business as a ven
ture for profit, nor should we have
to subsidize culture at the expense
of the living standards of our fami
lies."
Lanahan added that the union had
asked for equal time over the fa
cilities of KEAR to respond to Cis
ler's appeal, but had not yet re
ceived any answer to the request.
He added that telegrams had been
sent to the Federal Communications
Commission asking that Cisler's li
cense be revoked for improper use
of the station, as what he described
as a "propaganda tool."
Union leaders in the KEAR strike
denounced a Friday night appeal to
listeners for funds as "an insult to
the community."
Steven A. Cisler, president of the
station, asked for funds to run the
station during the strike emergency
when advertisers had been "intimi
dated" into suspending their pro
grams.
Boh Lanahan, who is heading the
joint negotiations for the two strik
ing unions, s"aid yesterday: "We
maintain that Cisler's appeal is based
on distortions of the truth and that
it is designed to incite people against
the union on the basis that the un
ions are opposed to good music, and
is in effect asking not to support
good music, but rather to help break
a legitimate strike.
''We think that this is an insult to
the community, because it is not
only a cultural center, but it is a
trade union center, where people
enjoy a high wage and a high stand
ard of living.
"Both of the unions are supporters
of cultural activities in the commu
nity, 'including good music, but we
don't feel that employees of the sta
tion should be called upon to subsi
dize 'good music' while the employer
is operating that business as a ven
ture for profit, nor should we have
to subsidize culture at the expense
of the living standards of our fami
lies."
Lanahan added that the union had
asked for equal time over the fa
cilities of KEAR to respond to Cis
ler's appeal, but had not yet re
ceived any answer to the request.
He added that telegrams had been
sent to the Federal Communications
Commission asking that Cisler's li
cense be revoked for improper use
of the station, as what he described
as a "propaganda tool."
Union leaders in the KEAR strike
denounced a Friday night appeal to
listeners for funds as "an insult to
the community."
Steven A. Cisler, president of the
station, asked for funds to run the
station during the strike emergency
when advertisers had been "intimi
dated" into suspending their pro
grams.
Boh Lanahan, who is heading the
joint negotiations for the two strik
ing unions, s"aid yesterday: "We
maintain that Cisler's appeal is based
on distortions of the truth and that
it is designed to incite people against
the union on the basis that the un
ions are opposed to good music, and
is in effect asking not to support
good music, but rather to help break
a legitimate strike.
''We think that this is an insult to
the community, because it is not
only a cultural center, but it is a
trade union center, where people
enjoy a high wage and a high stand
ard of living.
"Both of the unions are supporters
of cultural activities in the commu
nity, 'including good music, but we
don't feel that employees of the sta
tion should be called upon to subsi
dize 'good music' while the employer
is operating that business as a ven
ture for profit, nor should we have
to subsidize culture at the expense
of the living standards of our fami
lies."
Lanahan added that the union had
asked for equal time over the fa
cilities of KEAR to respond to Cis
ler's appeal, but had not yet re
ceived any answer to the request.
He added that telegrams had been
sent to the Federal Communications
Commission asking that Cisler's li
cense be revoked for improper use
of the station, as what he described
as a "propaganda tool."
Union leaders in the KEAR strike
denounced a Friday night appeal to
listeners for funds as "an insult to
the community."
Steven A. Cisler, president of the
station, asked for funds to run the
station during the strike emergency
when advertisers had been "intimi
dated" into suspending their pro
grams.
Boh Lanahan, who is heading the
joint negotiations for the two strik
ing unions, s"aid yesterday: "We
maintain that Cisler's appeal is based
on distortions of the truth and that
it is designed to incite people against
the union on the basis that the un
ions are opposed to good music, and
is in effect asking not to support
good music, but rather to help break
a legitimate strike.
''We think that this is an insult to
the community, because it is not
only a cultural center, but it is a
trade union center, where people
enjoy a high wage and a high stand
ard of living.
"Both of the unions are supporters
of cultural activities in the commu
nity, 'including good music, but we
don't feel that employees of the sta
tion should be called upon to subsi
dize 'good music' while the employer
is operating that business as a ven
ture for profit, nor should we have
to subsidize culture at the expense
of the living standards of our fami
lies."
Lanahan added that the union had
asked for equal time over the fa
cilities of KEAR to respond to Cis
ler's appeal, but had not yet re
ceived any answer to the request.
He added that telegrams had been
sent to the Federal Communications
Commission asking that Cisler's li
cense be revoked for improper use
of the station, as what he described
as a "propaganda tool."
Union leaders in the KEAR strike
denounced a Friday night appeal to
listeners for funds as "an insult to
the community."
Steven A. Cisler, president of the
station, asked for funds to run the
station during the strike emergency
when advertisers had been "intimi
dated" into suspending their pro
grams.
Boh Lanahan, who is heading the
joint negotiations for the two strik
ing unions, s"aid yesterday: "We
maintain that Cisler's appeal is based
on distortions of the truth and that
it is designed to incite people against
the union on the basis that the un
ions are opposed to good music, and
is in effect asking not to support
good music, but rather to help break
a legitimate strike.
''We think that this is an insult to
the community, because it is not
only a cultural center, but it is a
trade union center, where people
enjoy a high wage and a high stand
ard of living.
"Both of the unions are supporters
of cultural activities in the commu
nity, 'including good music, but we
don't feel that employees of the sta
tion should be called upon to subsi
dize 'good music' while the employer
is operating that business as a ven
ture for profit, nor should we have
to subsidize culture at the expense
of the living standards of our fami
lies."
Lanahan added that the union had
asked for equal time over the fa
cilities of KEAR to respond to Cis
ler's appeal, but had not yet re
ceived any answer to the request.
He added that telegrams had been
sent to the Federal Communications
Commission asking that Cisler's li
cense be revoked for improper use
of the station, as what he described
as a "propaganda tool."
Union leaders in the KEAR strike
denounced a Friday night appeal to
listeners for funds as "an insult to
the community."
Steven A. Cisler, president of the
station, asked for funds to run the
station during the strike emergency
when advertisers had been "intimi
dated" into suspending their pro
grams.
Boh Lanahan, who is heading the
joint negotiations for the two strik
ing unions, s"aid yesterday: "We
maintain that Cisler's appeal is based
on distortions of the truth and that
it is designed to incite people against
the union on the basis that the un
ions are opposed to good music, and
is in effect asking not to support
good music, but rather to help break
a legitimate strike.
''We think that this is an insult to
the community, because it is not
only a cultural center, but it is a
trade union center, where people
enjoy a high wage and a high stand
ard of living.
"Both of the unions are supporters
of cultural activities in the commu
nity, 'including good music, but we
don't feel that employees of the sta
tion should be called upon to subsi
dize 'good music' while the employer
is operating that business as a ven
ture for profit, nor should we have
to subsidize culture at the expense
of the living standards of our fami
lies."
Lanahan added that the union had
asked for equal time over the fa
cilities of KEAR to respond to Cis
ler's appeal, but had not yet re
ceived any answer to the request.
He added that telegrams had been
sent to the Federal Communications
Commission asking that Cisler's li
cense be revoked for improper use
of the station, as what he described
as a "propaganda tool."
Union leaders in the KEAR strike
denounced a Friday night appeal to
listeners for funds as "an insult to
the community."
Steven A. Cisler, president of the
station, asked for funds to run the
station during the strike emergency
when advertisers had been "intimi
dated" into suspending their pro
grams.
Boh Lanahan, who is heading the
joint negotiations for the two strik
ing unions, s"aid yesterday: "We
maintain that Cisler's appeal is based
on distortions of the truth and that
it is designed to incite people against
the union on the basis that the un
ions are opposed to good music, and
is in effect asking not to support
good music, but rather to help break
a legitimate strike.
''We think that this is an insult to
the community, because it is not
only a cultural center, but it is a
trade union center, where people
enjoy a high wage and a high stand
ard of living.
"Both of the unions are supporters
of cultural activities in the commu
nity, 'including good music, but we
don't feel that employees of the sta
tion should be called upon to subsi
dize 'good music' while the employer
is operating that business as a ven
ture for profit, nor should we have
to subsidize culture at the expense
of the living standards of our fami
lies."
Lanahan added that the union had
asked for equal time over the fa
cilities of KEAR to respond to Cis
ler's appeal, but had not yet re
ceived any answer to the request.
He added that telegrams had been
sent to the Federal Communications
Commission asking that Cisler's li
cense be revoked for improper use
of the station, as what he described
as a "propaganda tool."
Union leaders in the KEAR strike
denounced a Friday night appeal to
listeners for funds as "an insult to
the community."
Steven A. Cisler, president of the
station, asked for funds to run the
station during the strike emergency
when advertisers had been "intimi
dated" into suspending their pro
grams.
Boh Lanahan, who is heading the
joint negotiations for the two strik
ing unions, s"aid yesterday: "We
maintain that Cisler's appeal is based
on distortions of the truth and that
it is designed to incite people against
the union on the basis that the un
ions are opposed to good music, and
is in effect asking not to support
good music, but rather to help break
a legitimate strike.
''We think that this is an insult to
the community, because it is not
only a cultural center, but it is a
trade union center, where people
enjoy a high wage and a high stand
ard of living.
"Both of the unions are supporters
of cultural activities in the commu
nity, 'including good music, but we
don't feel that employees of the sta
tion should be called upon to subsi
dize 'good music' while the employer
is operating that business as a ven
ture for profit, nor should we have
to subsidize culture at the expense
of the living standards of our fami
lies."
Lanahan added that the union had
asked for equal time over the fa
cilities of KEAR to respond to Cis
ler's appeal, but had not yet re
ceived any answer to the request.
He added that telegrams had been
sent to the Federal Communications
Commission asking that Cisler's li
cense be revoked for improper use
of the station, as what he described
as a "propaganda tool."
Union leaders in the KEAR strike
denounced a Friday night appeal to
listeners for funds as "an insult to
the community."
Steven A. Cisler, president of the
station, asked for funds to run the
station during the strike emergency
when advertisers had been "intimi
dated" into suspending their pro
grams.
Boh Lanahan, who is heading the
joint negotiations for the two strik
ing unions, s"aid yesterday: "We
maintain that Cisler's appeal is based
on distortions of the truth and that
it is designed to incite people against
the union on the basis that the un
ions are opposed to good music, and
is in effect asking not to support
good music, but rather to help break
a legitimate strike.
''We think that this is an insult to
the community, because it is not
only a cultural center, but it is a
trade union center, where people
enjoy a high wage and a high stand
ard of living.
"Both of the unions are supporters
of cultural activities in the commu
nity, 'including good music, but we
don't feel that employees of the sta
tion should be called upon to subsi
dize 'good music' while the employer
is operating that business as a ven
ture for profit, nor should we have
to subsidize culture at the expense
of the living standards of our fami
lies."
Lanahan added that the union had
asked for equal time over the fa
cilities of KEAR to respond to Cis
ler's appeal, but had not yet re
ceived any answer to the request.
He added that telegrams had been
sent to the Federal Communications
Commission asking that Cisler's li
cense be revoked for improper use
of the station, as what he described
as a "propaganda tool."
Union leaders in the KEAR strike
denounced a Friday night appeal to
listeners for funds as "an insult to
the community."
Steven A. Cisler, president of the
station, asked for funds to run the
station during the strike emergency
when advertisers had been "intimi
dated" into suspending their pro
grams.
Boh Lanahan, who is heading the
joint negotiations for the two strik
ing unions, s"aid yesterday: "We
maintain that Cisler's appeal is based
on distortions of the truth and that
it is designed to incite people against
the union on the basis that the un
ions are opposed to good music, and
is in effect asking not to support
good music, but rather to help break
a legitimate strike.
''We think that this is an insult to
the community, because it is not
only a cultural center, but it is a
trade union center, where people
enjoy a high wage and a high stand
ard of living.
"Both of the unions are supporters
of cultural activities in the commu
nity, 'including good music, but we
don't feel that employees of the sta
tion should be called upon to subsi
dize 'good music' while the employer
is operating that business as a ven
ture for profit, nor should we have
to subsidize culture at the expense
of the living standards of our fami
lies."
Lanahan added that the union had
asked for equal time over the fa
cilities of KEAR to respond to Cis
ler's appeal, but had not yet re
ceived any answer to the request.
He added that telegrams had been
sent to the Federal Communications
Commission asking that Cisler's li
cense be revoked for improper use
of the station, as what he described
as a "propaganda tool."
Union leaders in the KEAR strike
denounced a Friday night appeal to
listeners for funds as "an insult to
the community."
Steven A. Cisler, president of the
station, asked for funds to run the
station during the strike emergency
when advertisers had been "intimi
dated" into suspending their pro
grams.
Boh Lanahan, who is heading the
joint negotiations for the two strik
ing unions, s"aid yesterday: "We
maintain that Cisler's appeal is based
on distortions of the truth and that
it is designed to incite people against
the union on the basis that the un
ions are opposed to good music, and
is in effect asking not to support
good music, but rather to help break
a legitimate strike.
''We think that this is an insult to
the community, because it is not
only a cultural center, but it is a
trade union center, where people
enjoy a high wage and a high stand
ard of living.
"Both of the unions are supporters
of cultural activities in the commu
nity, 'including good music, but we
don't feel that employees of the sta
tion should be called upon to subsi
dize 'good music' while the employer
is operating that business as a ven
ture for profit, nor should we have
to subsidize culture at the expense
of the living standards of our fami
lies."
Lanahan added that the union had
asked for equal time over the fa
cilities of KEAR to respond to Cis
ler's appeal, but had not yet re
ceived any answer to the request.
He added that telegrams had been
sent to the Federal Communications
Commission asking that Cisler's li
cense be revoked for improper use
of the station, as what he described
as a "propaganda tool."
Union leaders in the KEAR strike
denounced a Friday night appeal to
listeners for funds as "an insult to
the community."
Steven A. Cisler, president of the
station, asked for funds to run the
station during the strike emergency
when advertisers had been "intimi
dated" into suspending their pro
grams.
Boh Lanahan, who is heading the
joint negotiations for the two strik
ing unions, s"aid yesterday: "We
maintain that Cisler's appeal is based
on distortions of the truth and that
it is designed to incite people against
the union on the basis that the un
ions are opposed to good music, and
is in effect asking not to support
good music, but rather to help break
a legitimate strike.
''We think that this is an insult to
the community, because it is not
only a cultural center, but it is a
trade union center, where people
enjoy a high wage and a high stand
ard of living.
"Both of the unions are supporters
of cultural activities in the commu
nity, 'including good music, but we
don't feel that employees of the sta
tion should be called upon to subsi
dize 'good music' while the employer
is operating that business as a ven
ture for profit, nor should we have
to subsidize culture at the expense
of the living standards of our fami
lies."
Lanahan added that the union had
asked for equal time over the fa
cilities of KEAR to respond to Cis
ler's appeal, but had not yet re
ceived any answer to the request.
He added that telegrams had been
sent to the Federal Communications
Commission asking that Cisler's li
cense be revoked for improper use
of the station, as what he described
as a "propaganda tool."
