# Ike May Receive Report on Smog
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 18 (UP)—
Senator Thomas H. Kuchcl (R., Cal
if.) tonight said he was prepared to
lay before President Eisenhower the
facts on Southern California's smog
blight if experts feci there is any
need for federal emergency inter
vention.
The junior Senator for California
disclosed that he had scheduled a
meeting of air pollution experts and
city - county officials tomorrow to
discuss the situation.
Kuchel's action came as the fumes
eased oft slightly today but the blue
grey haze did not lift entirely and
the eye - smarting smog continued
into its 12th day.
Senator Kuchcl said that if the
conference he has called disclosed
"sufficiently alarming facts" he will
recommend emergency action to
safeguard public health to President
Eisenhower.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 18 (UP)—
Senator Thomas H. Kuchcl (R., Cal
if.) tonight said he was prepared to
lay before President Eisenhower the
facts on Southern California's smog
blight if experts feci there is any
need for federal emergency inter
vention.
The junior Senator for California
disclosed that he had scheduled a
meeting of air pollution experts and
city - county officials tomorrow to
discuss the situation.
Kuchel's action came as the fumes
eased oft slightly today but the blue
grey haze did not lift entirely and
the eye - smarting smog continued
into its 12th day.
Senator Kuchcl said that if the
conference he has called disclosed
"sufficiently alarming facts" he will
recommend emergency action to
safeguard public health to President
Eisenhower.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 18 (UP)—
Senator Thomas H. Kuchcl (R., Cal
if.) tonight said he was prepared to
lay before President Eisenhower the
facts on Southern California's smog
blight if experts feci there is any
need for federal emergency inter
vention.
The junior Senator for California
disclosed that he had scheduled a
meeting of air pollution experts and
city - county officials tomorrow to
discuss the situation.
Kuchel's action came as the fumes
eased oft slightly today but the blue
grey haze did not lift entirely and
the eye - smarting smog continued
into its 12th day.
Senator Kuchcl said that if the
conference he has called disclosed
"sufficiently alarming facts" he will
recommend emergency action to
safeguard public health to President
Eisenhower.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 18 (UP)—
Senator Thomas H. Kuchcl (R., Cal
if.) tonight said he was prepared to
lay before President Eisenhower the
facts on Southern California's smog
blight if experts feci there is any
need for federal emergency inter
vention.
The junior Senator for California
disclosed that he had scheduled a
meeting of air pollution experts and
city - county officials tomorrow to
discuss the situation.
Kuchel's action came as the fumes
eased oft slightly today but the blue
grey haze did not lift entirely and
the eye - smarting smog continued
into its 12th day.
Senator Kuchcl said that if the
conference he has called disclosed
"sufficiently alarming facts" he will
recommend emergency action to
safeguard public health to President
Eisenhower.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 18 (UP)—
Senator Thomas H. Kuchcl (R., Cal
if.) tonight said he was prepared to
lay before President Eisenhower the
facts on Southern California's smog
blight if experts feci there is any
need for federal emergency inter
vention.
The junior Senator for California
disclosed that he had scheduled a
meeting of air pollution experts and
city - county officials tomorrow to
discuss the situation.
Kuchel's action came as the fumes
eased oft slightly today but the blue
grey haze did not lift entirely and
the eye - smarting smog continued
into its 12th day.
Senator Kuchcl said that if the
conference he has called disclosed
"sufficiently alarming facts" he will
recommend emergency action to
safeguard public health to President
Eisenhower.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 18 (UP)—
Senator Thomas H. Kuchcl (R., Cal
if.) tonight said he was prepared to
lay before President Eisenhower the
facts on Southern California's smog
blight if experts feci there is any
need for federal emergency inter
vention.
The junior Senator for California
disclosed that he had scheduled a
meeting of air pollution experts and
city - county officials tomorrow to
discuss the situation.
Kuchel's action came as the fumes
eased oft slightly today but the blue
grey haze did not lift entirely and
the eye - smarting smog continued
into its 12th day.
Senator Kuchcl said that if the
conference he has called disclosed
"sufficiently alarming facts" he will
recommend emergency action to
safeguard public health to President
Eisenhower.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 18 (UP)—
Senator Thomas H. Kuchcl (R., Cal
if.) tonight said he was prepared to
lay before President Eisenhower the
facts on Southern California's smog
blight if experts feci there is any
need for federal emergency inter
vention.
The junior Senator for California
disclosed that he had scheduled a
meeting of air pollution experts and
city - county officials tomorrow to
discuss the situation.
Kuchel's action came as the fumes
eased oft slightly today but the blue
grey haze did not lift entirely and
the eye - smarting smog continued
into its 12th day.
Senator Kuchcl said that if the
conference he has called disclosed
"sufficiently alarming facts" he will
recommend emergency action to
safeguard public health to President
Eisenhower.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 18 (UP)—
Senator Thomas H. Kuchcl (R., Cal
if.) tonight said he was prepared to
lay before President Eisenhower the
facts on Southern California's smog
blight if experts feci there is any
need for federal emergency inter
vention.
The junior Senator for California
disclosed that he had scheduled a
meeting of air pollution experts and
city - county officials tomorrow to
discuss the situation.
Kuchel's action came as the fumes
eased oft slightly today but the blue
grey haze did not lift entirely and
the eye - smarting smog continued
into its 12th day.
Senator Kuchcl said that if the
conference he has called disclosed
"sufficiently alarming facts" he will
recommend emergency action to
safeguard public health to President
Eisenhower.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 18 (UP)—
Senator Thomas H. Kuchcl (R., Cal
if.) tonight said he was prepared to
lay before President Eisenhower the
facts on Southern California's smog
blight if experts feci there is any
need for federal emergency inter
vention.
The junior Senator for California
disclosed that he had scheduled a
meeting of air pollution experts and
city - county officials tomorrow to
discuss the situation.
Kuchel's action came as the fumes
eased oft slightly today but the blue
grey haze did not lift entirely and
the eye - smarting smog continued
into its 12th day.
Senator Kuchcl said that if the
conference he has called disclosed
"sufficiently alarming facts" he will
recommend emergency action to
safeguard public health to President
Eisenhower.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 18 (UP)—
Senator Thomas H. Kuchcl (R., Cal
if.) tonight said he was prepared to
lay before President Eisenhower the
facts on Southern California's smog
blight if experts feci there is any
need for federal emergency inter
vention.
The junior Senator for California
disclosed that he had scheduled a
meeting of air pollution experts and
city - county officials tomorrow to
discuss the situation.
Kuchel's action came as the fumes
eased oft slightly today but the blue
grey haze did not lift entirely and
the eye - smarting smog continued
into its 12th day.
Senator Kuchcl said that if the
conference he has called disclosed
"sufficiently alarming facts" he will
recommend emergency action to
safeguard public health to President
Eisenhower.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 18 (UP)—
Senator Thomas H. Kuchcl (R., Cal
if.) tonight said he was prepared to
lay before President Eisenhower the
facts on Southern California's smog
blight if experts feci there is any
need for federal emergency inter
vention.
The junior Senator for California
disclosed that he had scheduled a
meeting of air pollution experts and
city - county officials tomorrow to
discuss the situation.
Kuchel's action came as the fumes
eased oft slightly today but the blue
grey haze did not lift entirely and
the eye - smarting smog continued
into its 12th day.
Senator Kuchcl said that if the
conference he has called disclosed
"sufficiently alarming facts" he will
recommend emergency action to
safeguard public health to President
Eisenhower.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 18 (UP)—
Senator Thomas H. Kuchcl (R., Cal
if.) tonight said he was prepared to
lay before President Eisenhower the
facts on Southern California's smog
blight if experts feci there is any
need for federal emergency inter
vention.
The junior Senator for California
disclosed that he had scheduled a
meeting of air pollution experts and
city - county officials tomorrow to
discuss the situation.
Kuchel's action came as the fumes
eased oft slightly today but the blue
grey haze did not lift entirely and
the eye - smarting smog continued
into its 12th day.
Senator Kuchcl said that if the
conference he has called disclosed
"sufficiently alarming facts" he will
recommend emergency action to
safeguard public health to President
Eisenhower.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 18 (UP)—
Senator Thomas H. Kuchcl (R., Cal
if.) tonight said he was prepared to
lay before President Eisenhower the
facts on Southern California's smog
blight if experts feci there is any
need for federal emergency inter
vention.
The junior Senator for California
disclosed that he had scheduled a
meeting of air pollution experts and
city - county officials tomorrow to
discuss the situation.
Kuchel's action came as the fumes
eased oft slightly today but the blue
grey haze did not lift entirely and
the eye - smarting smog continued
into its 12th day.
Senator Kuchcl said that if the
conference he has called disclosed
"sufficiently alarming facts" he will
recommend emergency action to
safeguard public health to President
Eisenhower.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 18 (UP)—
Senator Thomas H. Kuchcl (R., Cal
if.) tonight said he was prepared to
lay before President Eisenhower the
facts on Southern California's smog
blight if experts feci there is any
need for federal emergency inter
vention.
The junior Senator for California
disclosed that he had scheduled a
meeting of air pollution experts and
city - county officials tomorrow to
discuss the situation.
Kuchel's action came as the fumes
eased oft slightly today but the blue
grey haze did not lift entirely and
the eye - smarting smog continued
into its 12th day.
Senator Kuchcl said that if the
conference he has called disclosed
"sufficiently alarming facts" he will
recommend emergency action to
safeguard public health to President
Eisenhower.
