# Soccer Team Trips Washington High
## 
### 
The Stanford soccer team pounded
out a 7-3 win over Washington High
School of San Francisco yesterday
in a practice game played on the
Indians' home field.
The high-scoring affair with the
Eagles proved to be a good tune-up
bout for Stanford's important game
with USF Saturday.
Bill Wren sparked the Indian for
ward line in the win over the city
champions. The sophomore center
forward-put four goals through the
nets. Geoff Gregory, Dick Koenigs
berger, and Pete Wong accounted for
the other Stanford scores.
The Indians moved to a 4-2 half
time lead, only to have Washington
make it 4-3 early in the third .pe
riod,/ Then, with halfbacks Pefer
Mftck, Sam Register, and Don Yates
providing the front line with excel
lent support, the Card' hooters
cinched the affair in the final stanza.
Defensively, the Indians had their
troubles, but credit must go to the
young San Franciscans' hard-press
ing forwards. Indian goalie Fred
Frye managed to stop an Eagle pen
alty kick.
