# Publicity Methods
## 
### 
Methods of secuiinc publicity for
campus events were discussed yes
terday afternoon at the Publicity
Coordination Conference. The con
ference, held each quarter, was
.uoJiiurcU by ASSU':» Pub Rcl Cum.
Methods of secuiinc publicity for
campus events were discussed yes
terday afternoon at the Publicity
Coordination Conference. The con
ference, held each quarter, was
.uoJiiurcU by ASSU':» Pub Rcl Cum.
Methods of secuiinc publicity for
campus events were discussed yes
terday afternoon at the Publicity
Coordination Conference. The con
ference, held each quarter, was
.uoJiiurcU by ASSU':» Pub Rcl Cum.
Methods of secuiinc publicity for
campus events were discussed yes
terday afternoon at the Publicity
Coordination Conference. The con
ference, held each quarter, was
.uoJiiurcU by ASSU':» Pub Rcl Cum.
Methods of secuiinc publicity for
campus events were discussed yes
terday afternoon at the Publicity
Coordination Conference. The con
ference, held each quarter, was
.uoJiiurcU by ASSU':» Pub Rcl Cum.
Methods of secuiinc publicity for
campus events were discussed yes
terday afternoon at the Publicity
Coordination Conference. The con
ference, held each quarter, was
.uoJiiurcU by ASSU':» Pub Rcl Cum.
Methods of secuiinc publicity for
campus events were discussed yes
terday afternoon at the Publicity
Coordination Conference. The con
ference, held each quarter, was
.uoJiiurcU by ASSU':» Pub Rcl Cum.
Methods of secuiinc publicity for
campus events were discussed yes
terday afternoon at the Publicity
Coordination Conference. The con
ference, held each quarter, was
.uoJiiurcU by ASSU':» Pub Rcl Cum.
Methods of secuiinc publicity for
campus events were discussed yes
terday afternoon at the Publicity
Coordination Conference. The con
ference, held each quarter, was
.uoJiiurcU by ASSU':» Pub Rcl Cum.
Methods of secuiinc publicity for
campus events were discussed yes
terday afternoon at the Publicity
Coordination Conference. The con
ference, held each quarter, was
.uoJiiurcU by ASSU':» Pub Rcl Cum.
Methods of secuiinc publicity for
campus events were discussed yes
terday afternoon at the Publicity
Coordination Conference. The con
ference, held each quarter, was
.uoJiiurcU by ASSU':» Pub Rcl Cum.
Methods of secuiinc publicity for
campus events were discussed yes
terday afternoon at the Publicity
Coordination Conference. The con
ference, held each quarter, was
.uoJiiurcU by ASSU':» Pub Rcl Cum.
Methods of secuiinc publicity for
campus events were discussed yes
terday afternoon at the Publicity
Coordination Conference. The con
ference, held each quarter, was
.uoJiiurcU by ASSU':» Pub Rcl Cum.
Methods of secuiinc publicity for
campus events were discussed yes
terday afternoon at the Publicity
Coordination Conference. The con
ference, held each quarter, was
.uoJiiurcU by ASSU':» Pub Rcl Cum.
