# DUCK-LIKE TURKEY SOON
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10 f/Pi.—
Streamlined turkey that looks like a
duck is the goal of the Department
of Agriculture scientists in a new
series of experiments now being
conducted here.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10 f/Pi.—
Streamlined turkey that looks like a
duck is the goal of the Department
of Agriculture scientists in a new
series of experiments now being
conducted here.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10 f/Pi.—
Streamlined turkey that looks like a
duck is the goal of the Department
of Agriculture scientists in a new
series of experiments now being
conducted here.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10 f/Pi.—
Streamlined turkey that looks like a
duck is the goal of the Department
of Agriculture scientists in a new
series of experiments now being
conducted here.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10 f/Pi.—
Streamlined turkey that looks like a
duck is the goal of the Department
of Agriculture scientists in a new
series of experiments now being
conducted here.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10 f/Pi.—
Streamlined turkey that looks like a
duck is the goal of the Department
of Agriculture scientists in a new
series of experiments now being
conducted here.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10 f/Pi.—
Streamlined turkey that looks like a
duck is the goal of the Department
of Agriculture scientists in a new
series of experiments now being
conducted here.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10 f/Pi.—
Streamlined turkey that looks like a
duck is the goal of the Department
of Agriculture scientists in a new
series of experiments now being
conducted here.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10 f/Pi.—
Streamlined turkey that looks like a
duck is the goal of the Department
of Agriculture scientists in a new
series of experiments now being
conducted here.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10 f/Pi.—
Streamlined turkey that looks like a
duck is the goal of the Department
of Agriculture scientists in a new
series of experiments now being
conducted here.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10 f/Pi.—
Streamlined turkey that looks like a
duck is the goal of the Department
of Agriculture scientists in a new
series of experiments now being
conducted here.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10 f/Pi.—
Streamlined turkey that looks like a
duck is the goal of the Department
of Agriculture scientists in a new
series of experiments now being
conducted here.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10 f/Pi.—
Streamlined turkey that looks like a
duck is the goal of the Department
of Agriculture scientists in a new
series of experiments now being
conducted here.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10 f/Pi.—
Streamlined turkey that looks like a
duck is the goal of the Department
of Agriculture scientists in a new
series of experiments now being
conducted here.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10 f/Pi.—
Streamlined turkey that looks like a
duck is the goal of the Department
of Agriculture scientists in a new
series of experiments now being
conducted here.
