# BILLIARD CHAMP LOSES
## 
### 
CHICAGO, Nov. 10 (/P).—Johnny
Layton, the ex-carpenter of Sedalia,
Mo., suffered his first defeat in de
fense of his title as world's three
cushion billiard champion today. Ar
thur Thurnblad, of Chicago, title
holder in 1932, conquered the cham
pion, 50 to 48, in a game that went
>6 innings.
CHICAGO, Nov. 10 (/P).—Johnny
Layton, the ex-carpenter of Sedalia,
Mo., suffered his first defeat in de
fense of his title as world's three
cushion billiard champion today. Ar
thur Thurnblad, of Chicago, title
holder in 1932, conquered the cham
pion, 50 to 48, in a game that went
>6 innings.
CHICAGO, Nov. 10 (/P).—Johnny
Layton, the ex-carpenter of Sedalia,
Mo., suffered his first defeat in de
fense of his title as world's three
cushion billiard champion today. Ar
thur Thurnblad, of Chicago, title
holder in 1932, conquered the cham
pion, 50 to 48, in a game that went
>6 innings.
CHICAGO, Nov. 10 (/P).—Johnny
Layton, the ex-carpenter of Sedalia,
Mo., suffered his first defeat in de
fense of his title as world's three
cushion billiard champion today. Ar
thur Thurnblad, of Chicago, title
holder in 1932, conquered the cham
pion, 50 to 48, in a game that went
>6 innings.
CHICAGO, Nov. 10 (/P).—Johnny
Layton, the ex-carpenter of Sedalia,
Mo., suffered his first defeat in de
fense of his title as world's three
cushion billiard champion today. Ar
thur Thurnblad, of Chicago, title
holder in 1932, conquered the cham
pion, 50 to 48, in a game that went
>6 innings.
CHICAGO, Nov. 10 (/P).—Johnny
Layton, the ex-carpenter of Sedalia,
Mo., suffered his first defeat in de
fense of his title as world's three
cushion billiard champion today. Ar
thur Thurnblad, of Chicago, title
holder in 1932, conquered the cham
pion, 50 to 48, in a game that went
>6 innings.
CHICAGO, Nov. 10 (/P).—Johnny
Layton, the ex-carpenter of Sedalia,
Mo., suffered his first defeat in de
fense of his title as world's three
cushion billiard champion today. Ar
thur Thurnblad, of Chicago, title
holder in 1932, conquered the cham
pion, 50 to 48, in a game that went
>6 innings.
CHICAGO, Nov. 10 (/P).—Johnny
Layton, the ex-carpenter of Sedalia,
Mo., suffered his first defeat in de
fense of his title as world's three
cushion billiard champion today. Ar
thur Thurnblad, of Chicago, title
holder in 1932, conquered the cham
pion, 50 to 48, in a game that went
>6 innings.
CHICAGO, Nov. 10 (/P).—Johnny
Layton, the ex-carpenter of Sedalia,
Mo., suffered his first defeat in de
fense of his title as world's three
cushion billiard champion today. Ar
thur Thurnblad, of Chicago, title
holder in 1932, conquered the cham
pion, 50 to 48, in a game that went
>6 innings.
CHICAGO, Nov. 10 (/P).—Johnny
Layton, the ex-carpenter of Sedalia,
Mo., suffered his first defeat in de
fense of his title as world's three
cushion billiard champion today. Ar
thur Thurnblad, of Chicago, title
holder in 1932, conquered the cham
pion, 50 to 48, in a game that went
>6 innings.
CHICAGO, Nov. 10 (/P).—Johnny
Layton, the ex-carpenter of Sedalia,
Mo., suffered his first defeat in de
fense of his title as world's three
cushion billiard champion today. Ar
thur Thurnblad, of Chicago, title
holder in 1932, conquered the cham
pion, 50 to 48, in a game that went
>6 innings.
CHICAGO, Nov. 10 (/P).—Johnny
Layton, the ex-carpenter of Sedalia,
Mo., suffered his first defeat in de
fense of his title as world's three
cushion billiard champion today. Ar
thur Thurnblad, of Chicago, title
holder in 1932, conquered the cham
pion, 50 to 48, in a game that went
>6 innings.
CHICAGO, Nov. 10 (/P).—Johnny
Layton, the ex-carpenter of Sedalia,
Mo., suffered his first defeat in de
fense of his title as world's three
cushion billiard champion today. Ar
thur Thurnblad, of Chicago, title
holder in 1932, conquered the cham
pion, 50 to 48, in a game that went
>6 innings.
CHICAGO, Nov. 10 (/P).—Johnny
Layton, the ex-carpenter of Sedalia,
Mo., suffered his first defeat in de
fense of his title as world's three
cushion billiard champion today. Ar
thur Thurnblad, of Chicago, title
holder in 1932, conquered the cham
pion, 50 to 48, in a game that went
>6 innings.
CHICAGO, Nov. 10 (/P).—Johnny
Layton, the ex-carpenter of Sedalia,
Mo., suffered his first defeat in de
fense of his title as world's three
cushion billiard champion today. Ar
thur Thurnblad, of Chicago, title
holder in 1932, conquered the cham
pion, 50 to 48, in a game that went
>6 innings.
