# QUAD PICTURES
## 
### 
Quad Editor Don Hanson
yesterday warned non-organi
zation seniors and all others
not yet photographed that to
day begins the absolutely final
week of 1936 Quad picture tak
ing. Proofs are being returned
this week in the new studio and
sales room.
Quad Editor Don Hanson
yesterday warned non-organi
zation seniors and all others
not yet photographed that to
day begins the absolutely final
week of 1936 Quad picture tak
ing. Proofs are being returned
this week in the new studio and
sales room.
Quad Editor Don Hanson
yesterday warned non-organi
zation seniors and all others
not yet photographed that to
day begins the absolutely final
week of 1936 Quad picture tak
ing. Proofs are being returned
this week in the new studio and
sales room.
Quad Editor Don Hanson
yesterday warned non-organi
zation seniors and all others
not yet photographed that to
day begins the absolutely final
week of 1936 Quad picture tak
ing. Proofs are being returned
this week in the new studio and
sales room.
Quad Editor Don Hanson
yesterday warned non-organi
zation seniors and all others
not yet photographed that to
day begins the absolutely final
week of 1936 Quad picture tak
ing. Proofs are being returned
this week in the new studio and
sales room.
Quad Editor Don Hanson
yesterday warned non-organi
zation seniors and all others
not yet photographed that to
day begins the absolutely final
week of 1936 Quad picture tak
ing. Proofs are being returned
this week in the new studio and
sales room.
Quad Editor Don Hanson
yesterday warned non-organi
zation seniors and all others
not yet photographed that to
day begins the absolutely final
week of 1936 Quad picture tak
ing. Proofs are being returned
this week in the new studio and
sales room.
Quad Editor Don Hanson
yesterday warned non-organi
zation seniors and all others
not yet photographed that to
day begins the absolutely final
week of 1936 Quad picture tak
ing. Proofs are being returned
this week in the new studio and
sales room.
Quad Editor Don Hanson
yesterday warned non-organi
zation seniors and all others
not yet photographed that to
day begins the absolutely final
week of 1936 Quad picture tak
ing. Proofs are being returned
this week in the new studio and
sales room.
Quad Editor Don Hanson
yesterday warned non-organi
zation seniors and all others
not yet photographed that to
day begins the absolutely final
week of 1936 Quad picture tak
ing. Proofs are being returned
this week in the new studio and
sales room.
Quad Editor Don Hanson
yesterday warned non-organi
zation seniors and all others
not yet photographed that to
day begins the absolutely final
week of 1936 Quad picture tak
ing. Proofs are being returned
this week in the new studio and
sales room.
Quad Editor Don Hanson
yesterday warned non-organi
zation seniors and all others
not yet photographed that to
day begins the absolutely final
week of 1936 Quad picture tak
ing. Proofs are being returned
this week in the new studio and
sales room.
Quad Editor Don Hanson
yesterday warned non-organi
zation seniors and all others
not yet photographed that to
day begins the absolutely final
week of 1936 Quad picture tak
ing. Proofs are being returned
this week in the new studio and
sales room.
Quad Editor Don Hanson
yesterday warned non-organi
zation seniors and all others
not yet photographed that to
day begins the absolutely final
week of 1936 Quad picture tak
ing. Proofs are being returned
this week in the new studio and
sales room.
Quad Editor Don Hanson
yesterday warned non-organi
zation seniors and all others
not yet photographed that to
day begins the absolutely final
week of 1936 Quad picture tak
ing. Proofs are being returned
this week in the new studio and
sales room.
