# Alpha Delts Play Breakers for Title
## 
### 
Due to the desertion of the cam
pus over the U.S.C. game week-end
no intramural football games were
scheduled.
Tomorrow the Alpha Delts and
Breakers will attempt to break the
deadlock in Leagtie V. On Wednes
day the University championship
playoffs get under way with first
round games between Fiji and Kappa
Sig and Phi Delt and Chi Psi I.
Due to the desertion of the cam
pus over the U.S.C. game week-end
no intramural football games were
scheduled.
Tomorrow the Alpha Delts and
Breakers will attempt to break the
deadlock in Leagtie V. On Wednes
day the University championship
playoffs get under way with first
round games between Fiji and Kappa
Sig and Phi Delt and Chi Psi I.
Due to the desertion of the cam
pus over the U.S.C. game week-end
no intramural football games were
scheduled.
Tomorrow the Alpha Delts and
Breakers will attempt to break the
deadlock in Leagtie V. On Wednes
day the University championship
playoffs get under way with first
round games between Fiji and Kappa
Sig and Phi Delt and Chi Psi I.
Due to the desertion of the cam
pus over the U.S.C. game week-end
no intramural football games were
scheduled.
Tomorrow the Alpha Delts and
Breakers will attempt to break the
deadlock in Leagtie V. On Wednes
day the University championship
playoffs get under way with first
round games between Fiji and Kappa
Sig and Phi Delt and Chi Psi I.
Due to the desertion of the cam
pus over the U.S.C. game week-end
no intramural football games were
scheduled.
Tomorrow the Alpha Delts and
Breakers will attempt to break the
deadlock in Leagtie V. On Wednes
day the University championship
playoffs get under way with first
round games between Fiji and Kappa
Sig and Phi Delt and Chi Psi I.
Due to the desertion of the cam
pus over the U.S.C. game week-end
no intramural football games were
scheduled.
Tomorrow the Alpha Delts and
Breakers will attempt to break the
deadlock in Leagtie V. On Wednes
day the University championship
playoffs get under way with first
round games between Fiji and Kappa
Sig and Phi Delt and Chi Psi I.
Due to the desertion of the cam
pus over the U.S.C. game week-end
no intramural football games were
scheduled.
Tomorrow the Alpha Delts and
Breakers will attempt to break the
deadlock in Leagtie V. On Wednes
day the University championship
playoffs get under way with first
round games between Fiji and Kappa
Sig and Phi Delt and Chi Psi I.
Due to the desertion of the cam
pus over the U.S.C. game week-end
no intramural football games were
scheduled.
Tomorrow the Alpha Delts and
Breakers will attempt to break the
deadlock in Leagtie V. On Wednes
day the University championship
playoffs get under way with first
round games between Fiji and Kappa
Sig and Phi Delt and Chi Psi I.
Due to the desertion of the cam
pus over the U.S.C. game week-end
no intramural football games were
scheduled.
Tomorrow the Alpha Delts and
Breakers will attempt to break the
deadlock in Leagtie V. On Wednes
day the University championship
playoffs get under way with first
round games between Fiji and Kappa
Sig and Phi Delt and Chi Psi I.
Due to the desertion of the cam
pus over the U.S.C. game week-end
no intramural football games were
scheduled.
Tomorrow the Alpha Delts and
Breakers will attempt to break the
deadlock in Leagtie V. On Wednes
day the University championship
playoffs get under way with first
round games between Fiji and Kappa
Sig and Phi Delt and Chi Psi I.
Due to the desertion of the cam
pus over the U.S.C. game week-end
no intramural football games were
scheduled.
Tomorrow the Alpha Delts and
Breakers will attempt to break the
deadlock in Leagtie V. On Wednes
day the University championship
playoffs get under way with first
round games between Fiji and Kappa
Sig and Phi Delt and Chi Psi I.
Due to the desertion of the cam
pus over the U.S.C. game week-end
no intramural football games were
scheduled.
Tomorrow the Alpha Delts and
Breakers will attempt to break the
deadlock in Leagtie V. On Wednes
day the University championship
playoffs get under way with first
round games between Fiji and Kappa
Sig and Phi Delt and Chi Psi I.
Due to the desertion of the cam
pus over the U.S.C. game week-end
no intramural football games were
scheduled.
Tomorrow the Alpha Delts and
Breakers will attempt to break the
deadlock in Leagtie V. On Wednes
day the University championship
playoffs get under way with first
round games between Fiji and Kappa
Sig and Phi Delt and Chi Psi I.
Due to the desertion of the cam
pus over the U.S.C. game week-end
no intramural football games were
scheduled.
Tomorrow the Alpha Delts and
Breakers will attempt to break the
deadlock in Leagtie V. On Wednes
day the University championship
playoffs get under way with first
round games between Fiji and Kappa
Sig and Phi Delt and Chi Psi I.
Due to the desertion of the cam
pus over the U.S.C. game week-end
no intramural football games were
scheduled.
Tomorrow the Alpha Delts and
Breakers will attempt to break the
deadlock in Leagtie V. On Wednes
day the University championship
playoffs get under way with first
round games between Fiji and Kappa
Sig and Phi Delt and Chi Psi I.
