# Indian Soccermen Drill For U.C. Game
## 
### 
Brought to their feet with the first,
break into the win column, the In
dian soccer team today starts preen
ing a rejuvenated offense in prepa
ration for the first clash with the
Bears next Saturday.
Last Thursday Coach Bullis' men
crashed the San Mateo net twice to
end a four-game losing streak, de
feating the Bulldogs, 2-0. Because
they had lost their first game with
San Mateo earlier in the season, the
Indians entered the fray the under
dogs.
Knccht Scores First
During the first half the Bulldog
offense met an airtight defense ir.
the form of Fullbacks Vierling and
McCormick, and Goalie Paul Helms.
Late in the third quarter the first
break came. After a hard drive that
put the ball directly in front of the
San Mateo goal mouth, Pete Knecht
headed the sphere in for the first
tally.
In the fourth quarter the whole
squad of opponents kept, pounding at
the Cardinal goal, and in a moment
when their defense was down field,

the Indian forward wall broke
through, and Mike Gomez, center
forward, slipped a second goal home.
With the score at 2-0 and but a few
minutes left to play, the Farm team
backed up against their goal and
fought off a desperate last attack.
Prepare for Cal
Today Coach Bullis will start the
team on a concentrated week of
practice in preparation for the fh'st
Bear game.
The forward line used in the San
Mateo game seems to be the best
combination yet assembled, and it is
probable that it will be kept intact
through the rest of the week.
Brought to their feet with the first,
break into the win column, the In
dian soccer team today starts preen
ing a rejuvenated offense in prepa
ration for the first clash with the
Bears next Saturday.
Last Thursday Coach Bullis' men
crashed the San Mateo net twice to
end a four-game losing streak, de
feating the Bulldogs, 2-0. Because
they had lost their first game with
San Mateo earlier in the season, the
Indians entered the fray the under
dogs.
Knccht Scores First
During the first half the Bulldog
offense met an airtight defense ir.
the form of Fullbacks Vierling and
McCormick, and Goalie Paul Helms.
Late in the third quarter the first
break came. After a hard drive that
put the ball directly in front of the
San Mateo goal mouth, Pete Knecht
headed the sphere in for the first
tally.
In the fourth quarter the whole
squad of opponents kept, pounding at
the Cardinal goal, and in a moment
when their defense was down field,

the Indian forward wall broke
through, and Mike Gomez, center
forward, slipped a second goal home.
With the score at 2-0 and but a few
minutes left to play, the Farm team
backed up against their goal and
fought off a desperate last attack.
Prepare for Cal
Today Coach Bullis will start the
team on a concentrated week of
practice in preparation for the fh'st
Bear game.
The forward line used in the San
Mateo game seems to be the best
combination yet assembled, and it is
probable that it will be kept intact
through the rest of the week.
Brought to their feet with the first,
break into the win column, the In
dian soccer team today starts preen
ing a rejuvenated offense in prepa
ration for the first clash with the
Bears next Saturday.
Last Thursday Coach Bullis' men
crashed the San Mateo net twice to
end a four-game losing streak, de
feating the Bulldogs, 2-0. Because
they had lost their first game with
San Mateo earlier in the season, the
Indians entered the fray the under
dogs.
Knccht Scores First
During the first half the Bulldog
offense met an airtight defense ir.
the form of Fullbacks Vierling and
McCormick, and Goalie Paul Helms.
Late in the third quarter the first
break came. After a hard drive that
put the ball directly in front of the
San Mateo goal mouth, Pete Knecht
headed the sphere in for the first
tally.
In the fourth quarter the whole
squad of opponents kept, pounding at
the Cardinal goal, and in a moment
when their defense was down field,

the Indian forward wall broke
through, and Mike Gomez, center
forward, slipped a second goal home.
With the score at 2-0 and but a few
minutes left to play, the Farm team
backed up against their goal and
fought off a desperate last attack.
Prepare for Cal
Today Coach Bullis will start the
team on a concentrated week of
practice in preparation for the fh'st
Bear game.
The forward line used in the San
Mateo game seems to be the best
combination yet assembled, and it is
probable that it will be kept intact
through the rest of the week.
Brought to their feet with the first,
break into the win column, the In
dian soccer team today starts preen
ing a rejuvenated offense in prepa
ration for the first clash with the
Bears next Saturday.
Last Thursday Coach Bullis' men
crashed the San Mateo net twice to
end a four-game losing streak, de
feating the Bulldogs, 2-0. Because
they had lost their first game with
San Mateo earlier in the season, the
Indians entered the fray the under
dogs.
Knccht Scores First
During the first half the Bulldog
offense met an airtight defense ir.
the form of Fullbacks Vierling and
McCormick, and Goalie Paul Helms.
Late in the third quarter the first
break came. After a hard drive that
put the ball directly in front of the
San Mateo goal mouth, Pete Knecht
headed the sphere in for the first
tally.
In the fourth quarter the whole
squad of opponents kept, pounding at
the Cardinal goal, and in a moment
when their defense was down field,

the Indian forward wall broke
through, and Mike Gomez, center
forward, slipped a second goal home.
With the score at 2-0 and but a few
minutes left to play, the Farm team
backed up against their goal and
fought off a desperate last attack.
Prepare for Cal
Today Coach Bullis will start the
team on a concentrated week of
practice in preparation for the fh'st
Bear game.
The forward line used in the San
Mateo game seems to be the best
combination yet assembled, and it is
probable that it will be kept intact
through the rest of the week.
Brought to their feet with the first,
break into the win column, the In
dian soccer team today starts preen
ing a rejuvenated offense in prepa
ration for the first clash with the
Bears next Saturday.
Last Thursday Coach Bullis' men
crashed the San Mateo net twice to
end a four-game losing streak, de
feating the Bulldogs, 2-0. Because
they had lost their first game with
San Mateo earlier in the season, the
Indians entered the fray the under
dogs.
Knccht Scores First
During the first half the Bulldog
offense met an airtight defense ir.
the form of Fullbacks Vierling and
McCormick, and Goalie Paul Helms.
Late in the third quarter the first
break came. After a hard drive that
put the ball directly in front of the
San Mateo goal mouth, Pete Knecht
headed the sphere in for the first
tally.
In the fourth quarter the whole
squad of opponents kept, pounding at
the Cardinal goal, and in a moment
when their defense was down field,

the Indian forward wall broke
through, and Mike Gomez, center
forward, slipped a second goal home.
With the score at 2-0 and but a few
minutes left to play, the Farm team
backed up against their goal and
fought off a desperate last attack.
Prepare for Cal
Today Coach Bullis will start the
team on a concentrated week of
practice in preparation for the fh'st
Bear game.
The forward line used in the San
Mateo game seems to be the best
combination yet assembled, and it is
probable that it will be kept intact
through the rest of the week.
Brought to their feet with the first,
break into the win column, the In
dian soccer team today starts preen
ing a rejuvenated offense in prepa
ration for the first clash with the
Bears next Saturday.
Last Thursday Coach Bullis' men
crashed the San Mateo net twice to
end a four-game losing streak, de
feating the Bulldogs, 2-0. Because
they had lost their first game with
San Mateo earlier in the season, the
Indians entered the fray the under
dogs.
Knccht Scores First
During the first half the Bulldog
offense met an airtight defense ir.
the form of Fullbacks Vierling and
McCormick, and Goalie Paul Helms.
Late in the third quarter the first
break came. After a hard drive that
put the ball directly in front of the
San Mateo goal mouth, Pete Knecht
headed the sphere in for the first
tally.
In the fourth quarter the whole
squad of opponents kept, pounding at
the Cardinal goal, and in a moment
when their defense was down field,

the Indian forward wall broke
through, and Mike Gomez, center
forward, slipped a second goal home.
With the score at 2-0 and but a few
minutes left to play, the Farm team
backed up against their goal and
fought off a desperate last attack.
Prepare for Cal
Today Coach Bullis will start the
team on a concentrated week of
practice in preparation for the fh'st
Bear game.
The forward line used in the San
Mateo game seems to be the best
combination yet assembled, and it is
probable that it will be kept intact
through the rest of the week.
Brought to their feet with the first,
break into the win column, the In
dian soccer team today starts preen
ing a rejuvenated offense in prepa
ration for the first clash with the
Bears next Saturday.
Last Thursday Coach Bullis' men
crashed the San Mateo net twice to
end a four-game losing streak, de
feating the Bulldogs, 2-0. Because
they had lost their first game with
San Mateo earlier in the season, the
Indians entered the fray the under
dogs.
Knccht Scores First
During the first half the Bulldog
offense met an airtight defense ir.
the form of Fullbacks Vierling and
McCormick, and Goalie Paul Helms.
Late in the third quarter the first
break came. After a hard drive that
put the ball directly in front of the
San Mateo goal mouth, Pete Knecht
headed the sphere in for the first
tally.
In the fourth quarter the whole
squad of opponents kept, pounding at
the Cardinal goal, and in a moment
when their defense was down field,

the Indian forward wall broke
through, and Mike Gomez, center
forward, slipped a second goal home.
With the score at 2-0 and but a few
minutes left to play, the Farm team
backed up against their goal and
fought off a desperate last attack.
Prepare for Cal
Today Coach Bullis will start the
team on a concentrated week of
practice in preparation for the fh'st
Bear game.
The forward line used in the San
Mateo game seems to be the best
combination yet assembled, and it is
probable that it will be kept intact
through the rest of the week.
Brought to their feet with the first,
break into the win column, the In
dian soccer team today starts preen
ing a rejuvenated offense in prepa
ration for the first clash with the
Bears next Saturday.
Last Thursday Coach Bullis' men
crashed the San Mateo net twice to
end a four-game losing streak, de
feating the Bulldogs, 2-0. Because
they had lost their first game with
San Mateo earlier in the season, the
Indians entered the fray the under
dogs.
Knccht Scores First
During the first half the Bulldog
offense met an airtight defense ir.
the form of Fullbacks Vierling and
McCormick, and Goalie Paul Helms.
Late in the third quarter the first
break came. After a hard drive that
put the ball directly in front of the
San Mateo goal mouth, Pete Knecht
headed the sphere in for the first
tally.
In the fourth quarter the whole
squad of opponents kept, pounding at
the Cardinal goal, and in a moment
when their defense was down field,

the Indian forward wall broke
through, and Mike Gomez, center
forward, slipped a second goal home.
With the score at 2-0 and but a few
minutes left to play, the Farm team
backed up against their goal and
fought off a desperate last attack.
Prepare for Cal
Today Coach Bullis will start the
team on a concentrated week of
practice in preparation for the fh'st
Bear game.
The forward line used in the San
Mateo game seems to be the best
combination yet assembled, and it is
probable that it will be kept intact
through the rest of the week.
Brought to their feet with the first,
break into the win column, the In
dian soccer team today starts preen
ing a rejuvenated offense in prepa
ration for the first clash with the
Bears next Saturday.
Last Thursday Coach Bullis' men
crashed the San Mateo net twice to
end a four-game losing streak, de
feating the Bulldogs, 2-0. Because
they had lost their first game with
San Mateo earlier in the season, the
Indians entered the fray the under
dogs.
Knccht Scores First
During the first half the Bulldog
offense met an airtight defense ir.
the form of Fullbacks Vierling and
McCormick, and Goalie Paul Helms.
Late in the third quarter the first
break came. After a hard drive that
put the ball directly in front of the
San Mateo goal mouth, Pete Knecht
headed the sphere in for the first
tally.
In the fourth quarter the whole
squad of opponents kept, pounding at
the Cardinal goal, and in a moment
when their defense was down field,

the Indian forward wall broke
through, and Mike Gomez, center
forward, slipped a second goal home.
With the score at 2-0 and but a few
minutes left to play, the Farm team
backed up against their goal and
fought off a desperate last attack.
Prepare for Cal
Today Coach Bullis will start the
team on a concentrated week of
practice in preparation for the fh'st
Bear game.
The forward line used in the San
Mateo game seems to be the best
combination yet assembled, and it is
probable that it will be kept intact
through the rest of the week.
Brought to their feet with the first,
break into the win column, the In
dian soccer team today starts preen
ing a rejuvenated offense in prepa
ration for the first clash with the
Bears next Saturday.
Last Thursday Coach Bullis' men
crashed the San Mateo net twice to
end a four-game losing streak, de
feating the Bulldogs, 2-0. Because
they had lost their first game with
San Mateo earlier in the season, the
Indians entered the fray the under
dogs.
Knccht Scores First
During the first half the Bulldog
offense met an airtight defense ir.
the form of Fullbacks Vierling and
McCormick, and Goalie Paul Helms.
Late in the third quarter the first
break came. After a hard drive that
put the ball directly in front of the
San Mateo goal mouth, Pete Knecht
headed the sphere in for the first
tally.
In the fourth quarter the whole
squad of opponents kept, pounding at
the Cardinal goal, and in a moment
when their defense was down field,

the Indian forward wall broke
through, and Mike Gomez, center
forward, slipped a second goal home.
With the score at 2-0 and but a few
minutes left to play, the Farm team
backed up against their goal and
fought off a desperate last attack.
Prepare for Cal
Today Coach Bullis will start the
team on a concentrated week of
practice in preparation for the fh'st
Bear game.
The forward line used in the San
Mateo game seems to be the best
combination yet assembled, and it is
probable that it will be kept intact
through the rest of the week.
Brought to their feet with the first,
break into the win column, the In
dian soccer team today starts preen
ing a rejuvenated offense in prepa
ration for the first clash with the
Bears next Saturday.
Last Thursday Coach Bullis' men
crashed the San Mateo net twice to
end a four-game losing streak, de
feating the Bulldogs, 2-0. Because
they had lost their first game with
San Mateo earlier in the season, the
Indians entered the fray the under
dogs.
Knccht Scores First
During the first half the Bulldog
offense met an airtight defense ir.
the form of Fullbacks Vierling and
McCormick, and Goalie Paul Helms.
Late in the third quarter the first
break came. After a hard drive that
put the ball directly in front of the
San Mateo goal mouth, Pete Knecht
headed the sphere in for the first
tally.
In the fourth quarter the whole
squad of opponents kept, pounding at
the Cardinal goal, and in a moment
when their defense was down field,

the Indian forward wall broke
through, and Mike Gomez, center
forward, slipped a second goal home.
With the score at 2-0 and but a few
minutes left to play, the Farm team
backed up against their goal and
fought off a desperate last attack.
Prepare for Cal
Today Coach Bullis will start the
team on a concentrated week of
practice in preparation for the fh'st
Bear game.
The forward line used in the San
Mateo game seems to be the best
combination yet assembled, and it is
probable that it will be kept intact
through the rest of the week.
Brought to their feet with the first,
break into the win column, the In
dian soccer team today starts preen
ing a rejuvenated offense in prepa
ration for the first clash with the
Bears next Saturday.
Last Thursday Coach Bullis' men
crashed the San Mateo net twice to
end a four-game losing streak, de
feating the Bulldogs, 2-0. Because
they had lost their first game with
San Mateo earlier in the season, the
Indians entered the fray the under
dogs.
Knccht Scores First
During the first half the Bulldog
offense met an airtight defense ir.
the form of Fullbacks Vierling and
McCormick, and Goalie Paul Helms.
Late in the third quarter the first
break came. After a hard drive that
put the ball directly in front of the
San Mateo goal mouth, Pete Knecht
headed the sphere in for the first
tally.
In the fourth quarter the whole
squad of opponents kept, pounding at
the Cardinal goal, and in a moment
when their defense was down field,

the Indian forward wall broke
through, and Mike Gomez, center
forward, slipped a second goal home.
With the score at 2-0 and but a few
minutes left to play, the Farm team
backed up against their goal and
fought off a desperate last attack.
Prepare for Cal
Today Coach Bullis will start the
team on a concentrated week of
practice in preparation for the fh'st
Bear game.
The forward line used in the San
Mateo game seems to be the best
combination yet assembled, and it is
probable that it will be kept intact
through the rest of the week.
Brought to their feet with the first,
break into the win column, the In
dian soccer team today starts preen
ing a rejuvenated offense in prepa
ration for the first clash with the
Bears next Saturday.
Last Thursday Coach Bullis' men
crashed the San Mateo net twice to
end a four-game losing streak, de
feating the Bulldogs, 2-0. Because
they had lost their first game with
San Mateo earlier in the season, the
Indians entered the fray the under
dogs.
Knccht Scores First
During the first half the Bulldog
offense met an airtight defense ir.
the form of Fullbacks Vierling and
McCormick, and Goalie Paul Helms.
Late in the third quarter the first
break came. After a hard drive that
put the ball directly in front of the
San Mateo goal mouth, Pete Knecht
headed the sphere in for the first
tally.
In the fourth quarter the whole
squad of opponents kept, pounding at
the Cardinal goal, and in a moment
when their defense was down field,

the Indian forward wall broke
through, and Mike Gomez, center
forward, slipped a second goal home.
With the score at 2-0 and but a few
minutes left to play, the Farm team
backed up against their goal and
fought off a desperate last attack.
Prepare for Cal
Today Coach Bullis will start the
team on a concentrated week of
practice in preparation for the fh'st
Bear game.
The forward line used in the San
Mateo game seems to be the best
combination yet assembled, and it is
probable that it will be kept intact
through the rest of the week.
Brought to their feet with the first,
break into the win column, the In
dian soccer team today starts preen
ing a rejuvenated offense in prepa
ration for the first clash with the
Bears next Saturday.
Last Thursday Coach Bullis' men
crashed the San Mateo net twice to
end a four-game losing streak, de
feating the Bulldogs, 2-0. Because
they had lost their first game with
San Mateo earlier in the season, the
Indians entered the fray the under
dogs.
Knccht Scores First
During the first half the Bulldog
offense met an airtight defense ir.
the form of Fullbacks Vierling and
McCormick, and Goalie Paul Helms.
Late in the third quarter the first
break came. After a hard drive that
put the ball directly in front of the
San Mateo goal mouth, Pete Knecht
headed the sphere in for the first
tally.
In the fourth quarter the whole
squad of opponents kept, pounding at
the Cardinal goal, and in a moment
when their defense was down field,

the Indian forward wall broke
through, and Mike Gomez, center
forward, slipped a second goal home.
With the score at 2-0 and but a few
minutes left to play, the Farm team
backed up against their goal and
fought off a desperate last attack.
Prepare for Cal
Today Coach Bullis will start the
team on a concentrated week of
practice in preparation for the fh'st
Bear game.
The forward line used in the San
Mateo game seems to be the best
combination yet assembled, and it is
probable that it will be kept intact
through the rest of the week.
Brought to their feet with the first,
break into the win column, the In
dian soccer team today starts preen
ing a rejuvenated offense in prepa
ration for the first clash with the
Bears next Saturday.
Last Thursday Coach Bullis' men
crashed the San Mateo net twice to
end a four-game losing streak, de
feating the Bulldogs, 2-0. Because
they had lost their first game with
San Mateo earlier in the season, the
Indians entered the fray the under
dogs.
Knccht Scores First
During the first half the Bulldog
offense met an airtight defense ir.
the form of Fullbacks Vierling and
McCormick, and Goalie Paul Helms.
Late in the third quarter the first
break came. After a hard drive that
put the ball directly in front of the
San Mateo goal mouth, Pete Knecht
headed the sphere in for the first
tally.
In the fourth quarter the whole
squad of opponents kept, pounding at
the Cardinal goal, and in a moment
when their defense was down field,

the Indian forward wall broke
through, and Mike Gomez, center
forward, slipped a second goal home.
With the score at 2-0 and but a few
minutes left to play, the Farm team
backed up against their goal and
fought off a desperate last attack.
Prepare for Cal
Today Coach Bullis will start the
team on a concentrated week of
practice in preparation for the fh'st
Bear game.
The forward line used in the San
Mateo game seems to be the best
combination yet assembled, and it is
probable that it will be kept intact
through the rest of the week.
