# Job Interviews
## 
### 
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Covina School District: Ele
mentary school openings in kin
dergarten through eighth gi'ade;
in Covina.
Ernst aiul Ernst: MB.A. open
ings in the auditing department
in San Francisco.
General Foods Corporation:
M.8.A., marketing, advertising
and economics openings in the
sales departments of various di
visions and throughout the U.S.
General Petroleum Corpora

tion: Summer openings only for
M.E., C.E., E.E., petroleum engi
neering and chemical engineer
ing, for U.S. citizens in Basin,
San Joaquin and Ventura.
Insurance Company of North
America Companies 1 : Business ad
ministration, economics and lib
eral arts openings in the under
writing and special agency de
partments, on the West Coast.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Covina School District: Ele
mentary school openings in kin
dergarten through eighth gi'ade;
in Covina.
Ernst aiul Ernst: MB.A. open
ings in the auditing department
in San Francisco.
General Foods Corporation:
M.8.A., marketing, advertising
and economics openings in the
sales departments of various di
visions and throughout the U.S.
General Petroleum Corpora

tion: Summer openings only for
M.E., C.E., E.E., petroleum engi
neering and chemical engineer
ing, for U.S. citizens in Basin,
San Joaquin and Ventura.
Insurance Company of North
America Companies 1 : Business ad
ministration, economics and lib
eral arts openings in the under
writing and special agency de
partments, on the West Coast.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Covina School District: Ele
mentary school openings in kin
dergarten through eighth gi'ade;
in Covina.
Ernst aiul Ernst: MB.A. open
ings in the auditing department
in San Francisco.
General Foods Corporation:
M.8.A., marketing, advertising
and economics openings in the
sales departments of various di
visions and throughout the U.S.
General Petroleum Corpora

tion: Summer openings only for
M.E., C.E., E.E., petroleum engi
neering and chemical engineer
ing, for U.S. citizens in Basin,
San Joaquin and Ventura.
Insurance Company of North
America Companies 1 : Business ad
ministration, economics and lib
eral arts openings in the under
writing and special agency de
partments, on the West Coast.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Covina School District: Ele
mentary school openings in kin
dergarten through eighth gi'ade;
in Covina.
Ernst aiul Ernst: MB.A. open
ings in the auditing department
in San Francisco.
General Foods Corporation:
M.8.A., marketing, advertising
and economics openings in the
sales departments of various di
visions and throughout the U.S.
General Petroleum Corpora

tion: Summer openings only for
M.E., C.E., E.E., petroleum engi
neering and chemical engineer
ing, for U.S. citizens in Basin,
San Joaquin and Ventura.
Insurance Company of North
America Companies 1 : Business ad
ministration, economics and lib
eral arts openings in the under
writing and special agency de
partments, on the West Coast.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Covina School District: Ele
mentary school openings in kin
dergarten through eighth gi'ade;
in Covina.
Ernst aiul Ernst: MB.A. open
ings in the auditing department
in San Francisco.
General Foods Corporation:
M.8.A., marketing, advertising
and economics openings in the
sales departments of various di
visions and throughout the U.S.
General Petroleum Corpora

tion: Summer openings only for
M.E., C.E., E.E., petroleum engi
neering and chemical engineer
ing, for U.S. citizens in Basin,
San Joaquin and Ventura.
Insurance Company of North
America Companies 1 : Business ad
ministration, economics and lib
eral arts openings in the under
writing and special agency de
partments, on the West Coast.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Covina School District: Ele
mentary school openings in kin
dergarten through eighth gi'ade;
in Covina.
Ernst aiul Ernst: MB.A. open
ings in the auditing department
in San Francisco.
General Foods Corporation:
M.8.A., marketing, advertising
and economics openings in the
sales departments of various di
visions and throughout the U.S.
General Petroleum Corpora

tion: Summer openings only for
M.E., C.E., E.E., petroleum engi
neering and chemical engineer
ing, for U.S. citizens in Basin,
San Joaquin and Ventura.
Insurance Company of North
America Companies 1 : Business ad
ministration, economics and lib
eral arts openings in the under
writing and special agency de
partments, on the West Coast.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Covina School District: Ele
mentary school openings in kin
dergarten through eighth gi'ade;
in Covina.
Ernst aiul Ernst: MB.A. open
ings in the auditing department
in San Francisco.
General Foods Corporation:
M.8.A., marketing, advertising
and economics openings in the
sales departments of various di
visions and throughout the U.S.
General Petroleum Corpora

tion: Summer openings only for
M.E., C.E., E.E., petroleum engi
neering and chemical engineer
ing, for U.S. citizens in Basin,
San Joaquin and Ventura.
Insurance Company of North
America Companies 1 : Business ad
ministration, economics and lib
eral arts openings in the under
writing and special agency de
partments, on the West Coast.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Covina School District: Ele
mentary school openings in kin
dergarten through eighth gi'ade;
in Covina.
Ernst aiul Ernst: MB.A. open
ings in the auditing department
in San Francisco.
General Foods Corporation:
M.8.A., marketing, advertising
and economics openings in the
sales departments of various di
visions and throughout the U.S.
General Petroleum Corpora

tion: Summer openings only for
M.E., C.E., E.E., petroleum engi
neering and chemical engineer
ing, for U.S. citizens in Basin,
San Joaquin and Ventura.
Insurance Company of North
America Companies 1 : Business ad
ministration, economics and lib
eral arts openings in the under
writing and special agency de
partments, on the West Coast.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Covina School District: Ele
mentary school openings in kin
dergarten through eighth gi'ade;
in Covina.
Ernst aiul Ernst: MB.A. open
ings in the auditing department
in San Francisco.
General Foods Corporation:
M.8.A., marketing, advertising
and economics openings in the
sales departments of various di
visions and throughout the U.S.
General Petroleum Corpora

tion: Summer openings only for
M.E., C.E., E.E., petroleum engi
neering and chemical engineer
ing, for U.S. citizens in Basin,
San Joaquin and Ventura.
Insurance Company of North
America Companies 1 : Business ad
ministration, economics and lib
eral arts openings in the under
writing and special agency de
partments, on the West Coast.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Covina School District: Ele
mentary school openings in kin
dergarten through eighth gi'ade;
in Covina.
Ernst aiul Ernst: MB.A. open
ings in the auditing department
in San Francisco.
General Foods Corporation:
M.8.A., marketing, advertising
and economics openings in the
sales departments of various di
visions and throughout the U.S.
General Petroleum Corpora

tion: Summer openings only for
M.E., C.E., E.E., petroleum engi
neering and chemical engineer
ing, for U.S. citizens in Basin,
San Joaquin and Ventura.
Insurance Company of North
America Companies 1 : Business ad
ministration, economics and lib
eral arts openings in the under
writing and special agency de
partments, on the West Coast.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Covina School District: Ele
mentary school openings in kin
dergarten through eighth gi'ade;
in Covina.
Ernst aiul Ernst: MB.A. open
ings in the auditing department
in San Francisco.
General Foods Corporation:
M.8.A., marketing, advertising
and economics openings in the
sales departments of various di
visions and throughout the U.S.
General Petroleum Corpora

tion: Summer openings only for
M.E., C.E., E.E., petroleum engi
neering and chemical engineer
ing, for U.S. citizens in Basin,
San Joaquin and Ventura.
Insurance Company of North
America Companies 1 : Business ad
ministration, economics and lib
eral arts openings in the under
writing and special agency de
partments, on the West Coast.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Covina School District: Ele
mentary school openings in kin
dergarten through eighth gi'ade;
in Covina.
Ernst aiul Ernst: MB.A. open
ings in the auditing department
in San Francisco.
General Foods Corporation:
M.8.A., marketing, advertising
and economics openings in the
sales departments of various di
visions and throughout the U.S.
General Petroleum Corpora

tion: Summer openings only for
M.E., C.E., E.E., petroleum engi
neering and chemical engineer
ing, for U.S. citizens in Basin,
San Joaquin and Ventura.
Insurance Company of North
America Companies 1 : Business ad
ministration, economics and lib
eral arts openings in the under
writing and special agency de
partments, on the West Coast.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Covina School District: Ele
mentary school openings in kin
dergarten through eighth gi'ade;
in Covina.
Ernst aiul Ernst: MB.A. open
ings in the auditing department
in San Francisco.
General Foods Corporation:
M.8.A., marketing, advertising
and economics openings in the
sales departments of various di
visions and throughout the U.S.
General Petroleum Corpora

tion: Summer openings only for
M.E., C.E., E.E., petroleum engi
neering and chemical engineer
ing, for U.S. citizens in Basin,
San Joaquin and Ventura.
Insurance Company of North
America Companies 1 : Business ad
ministration, economics and lib
eral arts openings in the under
writing and special agency de
partments, on the West Coast.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Covina School District: Ele
mentary school openings in kin
dergarten through eighth gi'ade;
in Covina.
Ernst aiul Ernst: MB.A. open
ings in the auditing department
in San Francisco.
General Foods Corporation:
M.8.A., marketing, advertising
and economics openings in the
sales departments of various di
visions and throughout the U.S.
General Petroleum Corpora

tion: Summer openings only for
M.E., C.E., E.E., petroleum engi
neering and chemical engineer
ing, for U.S. citizens in Basin,
San Joaquin and Ventura.
Insurance Company of North
America Companies 1 : Business ad
ministration, economics and lib
eral arts openings in the under
writing and special agency de
partments, on the West Coast.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Covina School District: Ele
mentary school openings in kin
dergarten through eighth gi'ade;
in Covina.
Ernst aiul Ernst: MB.A. open
ings in the auditing department
in San Francisco.
General Foods Corporation:
M.8.A., marketing, advertising
and economics openings in the
sales departments of various di
visions and throughout the U.S.
General Petroleum Corpora

tion: Summer openings only for
M.E., C.E., E.E., petroleum engi
neering and chemical engineer
ing, for U.S. citizens in Basin,
San Joaquin and Ventura.
Insurance Company of North
America Companies 1 : Business ad
ministration, economics and lib
eral arts openings in the under
writing and special agency de
partments, on the West Coast.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Covina School District: Ele
mentary school openings in kin
dergarten through eighth gi'ade;
in Covina.
Ernst aiul Ernst: MB.A. open
ings in the auditing department
in San Francisco.
General Foods Corporation:
M.8.A., marketing, advertising
and economics openings in the
sales departments of various di
visions and throughout the U.S.
General Petroleum Corpora

tion: Summer openings only for
M.E., C.E., E.E., petroleum engi
neering and chemical engineer
ing, for U.S. citizens in Basin,
San Joaquin and Ventura.
Insurance Company of North
America Companies 1 : Business ad
ministration, economics and lib
eral arts openings in the under
writing and special agency de
partments, on the West Coast.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Covina School District: Ele
mentary school openings in kin
dergarten through eighth gi'ade;
in Covina.
Ernst aiul Ernst: MB.A. open
ings in the auditing department
in San Francisco.
General Foods Corporation:
M.8.A., marketing, advertising
and economics openings in the
sales departments of various di
visions and throughout the U.S.
General Petroleum Corpora

tion: Summer openings only for
M.E., C.E., E.E., petroleum engi
neering and chemical engineer
ing, for U.S. citizens in Basin,
San Joaquin and Ventura.
Insurance Company of North
America Companies 1 : Business ad
ministration, economics and lib
eral arts openings in the under
writing and special agency de
partments, on the West Coast.
