# Stanford Student Dies In France During Vacation
## 
### JON ROISE Associate Editor 
Patrick Navolanic, a junior at Stan
ford-in-France, was suffocated last
Thursday near Orleans, France when
fumes from a leaky bathroom gas
water heater overcame him as he was
taking a shower.
He was on Christmas vacation from
the Tours campus.
Navolanic, who was 20, was staying
in one end of a large home, where he
was a guest of the Etret family. Be
fore retiring Wednesday night, he
asked to be called at 9 the next morn-

ing. When he failed to appear, the
family checked his room.
He was dead on arrival at a hospi
tal in Montargis.
A French major, Navolanic was a
member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon fra
ternity and Alpha Phi Omega Na
tional Service Society,
He is survived by his parents, Mr.
and Mrs. Peter Navolanic of Glen
dale.
According to Director of Overseas
Campuses Robert Walker, the / body
will be flown home later this week.
Ho added that Navolanic's death is
the fourth in connection with Stan
ford's foreign campuses since the
first opened in Germany in 1958.
Three students were killed in an au
tomobile accident in southern France
in 1961.


PAT NAVOLANIC
