# Theta Delts Hold Blood Bank Drive
## 
### 
Theta Dolt a Chi sponsored a
blood drive for the Peninsula
Blood Bank lasl Tuesday, accord
| ing to Cal Audrain, chairman.
House members donated blood
at the Elks Club in South Palo
Alto. The drive is a monthly
project of the fraternity and Au
drain expressed the hope that it
will build up in the future.
Theta Dolt a Chi sponsored a
blood drive for the Peninsula
Blood Bank lasl Tuesday, accord
| ing to Cal Audrain, chairman.
House members donated blood
at the Elks Club in South Palo
Alto. The drive is a monthly
project of the fraternity and Au
drain expressed the hope that it
will build up in the future.
Theta Dolt a Chi sponsored a
blood drive for the Peninsula
Blood Bank lasl Tuesday, accord
| ing to Cal Audrain, chairman.
House members donated blood
at the Elks Club in South Palo
Alto. The drive is a monthly
project of the fraternity and Au
drain expressed the hope that it
will build up in the future.
Theta Dolt a Chi sponsored a
blood drive for the Peninsula
Blood Bank lasl Tuesday, accord
| ing to Cal Audrain, chairman.
House members donated blood
at the Elks Club in South Palo
Alto. The drive is a monthly
project of the fraternity and Au
drain expressed the hope that it
will build up in the future.
Theta Dolt a Chi sponsored a
blood drive for the Peninsula
Blood Bank lasl Tuesday, accord
| ing to Cal Audrain, chairman.
House members donated blood
at the Elks Club in South Palo
Alto. The drive is a monthly
project of the fraternity and Au
drain expressed the hope that it
will build up in the future.
Theta Dolt a Chi sponsored a
blood drive for the Peninsula
Blood Bank lasl Tuesday, accord
| ing to Cal Audrain, chairman.
House members donated blood
at the Elks Club in South Palo
Alto. The drive is a monthly
project of the fraternity and Au
drain expressed the hope that it
will build up in the future.
Theta Dolt a Chi sponsored a
blood drive for the Peninsula
Blood Bank lasl Tuesday, accord
| ing to Cal Audrain, chairman.
House members donated blood
at the Elks Club in South Palo
Alto. The drive is a monthly
project of the fraternity and Au
drain expressed the hope that it
will build up in the future.
Theta Dolt a Chi sponsored a
blood drive for the Peninsula
Blood Bank lasl Tuesday, accord
| ing to Cal Audrain, chairman.
House members donated blood
at the Elks Club in South Palo
Alto. The drive is a monthly
project of the fraternity and Au
drain expressed the hope that it
will build up in the future.
Theta Dolt a Chi sponsored a
blood drive for the Peninsula
Blood Bank lasl Tuesday, accord
| ing to Cal Audrain, chairman.
House members donated blood
at the Elks Club in South Palo
Alto. The drive is a monthly
project of the fraternity and Au
drain expressed the hope that it
will build up in the future.
Theta Dolt a Chi sponsored a
blood drive for the Peninsula
Blood Bank lasl Tuesday, accord
| ing to Cal Audrain, chairman.
House members donated blood
at the Elks Club in South Palo
Alto. The drive is a monthly
project of the fraternity and Au
drain expressed the hope that it
will build up in the future.
Theta Dolt a Chi sponsored a
blood drive for the Peninsula
Blood Bank lasl Tuesday, accord
| ing to Cal Audrain, chairman.
House members donated blood
at the Elks Club in South Palo
Alto. The drive is a monthly
project of the fraternity and Au
drain expressed the hope that it
will build up in the future.
Theta Dolt a Chi sponsored a
blood drive for the Peninsula
Blood Bank lasl Tuesday, accord
| ing to Cal Audrain, chairman.
House members donated blood
at the Elks Club in South Palo
Alto. The drive is a monthly
project of the fraternity and Au
drain expressed the hope that it
will build up in the future.
Theta Dolt a Chi sponsored a
blood drive for the Peninsula
Blood Bank lasl Tuesday, accord
| ing to Cal Audrain, chairman.
House members donated blood
at the Elks Club in South Palo
Alto. The drive is a monthly
project of the fraternity and Au
drain expressed the hope that it
will build up in the future.
Theta Dolt a Chi sponsored a
blood drive for the Peninsula
Blood Bank lasl Tuesday, accord
| ing to Cal Audrain, chairman.
House members donated blood
at the Elks Club in South Palo
Alto. The drive is a monthly
project of the fraternity and Au
drain expressed the hope that it
will build up in the future.
Theta Dolt a Chi sponsored a
blood drive for the Peninsula
Blood Bank lasl Tuesday, accord
| ing to Cal Audrain, chairman.
House members donated blood
at the Elks Club in South Palo
Alto. The drive is a monthly
project of the fraternity and Au
drain expressed the hope that it
will build up in the future.
