# SIRO Will Begin Drive Next Week
## 
### 
Stanford International Relief
Organization will collect old
books for Asian universities and
old clothes for European refugees
during dead and finals weeks.
Students may bring books and
clothes to ihe Institute of Inter
national Relations shack or place
them in • boxes in the living
groups.
Stanford International Relief
Organization will collect old
books for Asian universities and
old clothes for European refugees
during dead and finals weeks.
Students may bring books and
clothes to ihe Institute of Inter
national Relations shack or place
them in • boxes in the living
groups.
Stanford International Relief
Organization will collect old
books for Asian universities and
old clothes for European refugees
during dead and finals weeks.
Students may bring books and
clothes to ihe Institute of Inter
national Relations shack or place
them in • boxes in the living
groups.
Stanford International Relief
Organization will collect old
books for Asian universities and
old clothes for European refugees
during dead and finals weeks.
Students may bring books and
clothes to ihe Institute of Inter
national Relations shack or place
them in • boxes in the living
groups.
Stanford International Relief
Organization will collect old
books for Asian universities and
old clothes for European refugees
during dead and finals weeks.
Students may bring books and
clothes to ihe Institute of Inter
national Relations shack or place
them in • boxes in the living
groups.
Stanford International Relief
Organization will collect old
books for Asian universities and
old clothes for European refugees
during dead and finals weeks.
Students may bring books and
clothes to ihe Institute of Inter
national Relations shack or place
them in • boxes in the living
groups.
Stanford International Relief
Organization will collect old
books for Asian universities and
old clothes for European refugees
during dead and finals weeks.
Students may bring books and
clothes to ihe Institute of Inter
national Relations shack or place
them in • boxes in the living
groups.
Stanford International Relief
Organization will collect old
books for Asian universities and
old clothes for European refugees
during dead and finals weeks.
Students may bring books and
clothes to ihe Institute of Inter
national Relations shack or place
them in • boxes in the living
groups.
Stanford International Relief
Organization will collect old
books for Asian universities and
old clothes for European refugees
during dead and finals weeks.
Students may bring books and
clothes to ihe Institute of Inter
national Relations shack or place
them in • boxes in the living
groups.
Stanford International Relief
Organization will collect old
books for Asian universities and
old clothes for European refugees
during dead and finals weeks.
Students may bring books and
clothes to ihe Institute of Inter
national Relations shack or place
them in • boxes in the living
groups.
Stanford International Relief
Organization will collect old
books for Asian universities and
old clothes for European refugees
during dead and finals weeks.
Students may bring books and
clothes to ihe Institute of Inter
national Relations shack or place
them in • boxes in the living
groups.
Stanford International Relief
Organization will collect old
books for Asian universities and
old clothes for European refugees
during dead and finals weeks.
Students may bring books and
clothes to ihe Institute of Inter
national Relations shack or place
them in • boxes in the living
groups.
Stanford International Relief
Organization will collect old
books for Asian universities and
old clothes for European refugees
during dead and finals weeks.
Students may bring books and
clothes to ihe Institute of Inter
national Relations shack or place
them in • boxes in the living
groups.
Stanford International Relief
Organization will collect old
books for Asian universities and
old clothes for European refugees
during dead and finals weeks.
Students may bring books and
clothes to ihe Institute of Inter
national Relations shack or place
them in • boxes in the living
groups.
Stanford International Relief
Organization will collect old
books for Asian universities and
old clothes for European refugees
during dead and finals weeks.
Students may bring books and
clothes to ihe Institute of Inter
national Relations shack or place
them in • boxes in the living
groups.
