# OTHER UNIVERSITIES
## NORMAN ANDERSON IS NEW U. S. C. TRACK CAPTAIN 
### 
Norman Anderson has been elected
captain of the U. S. C. varsity track
and field squad this year. Anderson is
a junior at U. S. C. and won the shot
put at the Intercollegiate Field Meet
held in Chicago last year. He received
honorable mention on Walter Camp's
All-American eleven last fall for the
tackle position.
Norman Anderson has been elected
captain of the U. S. C. varsity track
and field squad this year. Anderson is
a junior at U. S. C. and won the shot
put at the Intercollegiate Field Meet
held in Chicago last year. He received
honorable mention on Walter Camp's
All-American eleven last fall for the
tackle position.
Norman Anderson has been elected
captain of the U. S. C. varsity track
and field squad this year. Anderson is
a junior at U. S. C. and won the shot
put at the Intercollegiate Field Meet
held in Chicago last year. He received
honorable mention on Walter Camp's
All-American eleven last fall for the
tackle position.
Norman Anderson has been elected
captain of the U. S. C. varsity track
and field squad this year. Anderson is
a junior at U. S. C. and won the shot
put at the Intercollegiate Field Meet
held in Chicago last year. He received
honorable mention on Walter Camp's
All-American eleven last fall for the
tackle position.
Norman Anderson has been elected
captain of the U. S. C. varsity track
and field squad this year. Anderson is
a junior at U. S. C. and won the shot
put at the Intercollegiate Field Meet
held in Chicago last year. He received
honorable mention on Walter Camp's
All-American eleven last fall for the
tackle position.
Norman Anderson has been elected
captain of the U. S. C. varsity track
and field squad this year. Anderson is
a junior at U. S. C. and won the shot
put at the Intercollegiate Field Meet
held in Chicago last year. He received
honorable mention on Walter Camp's
All-American eleven last fall for the
tackle position.
Norman Anderson has been elected
captain of the U. S. C. varsity track
and field squad this year. Anderson is
a junior at U. S. C. and won the shot
put at the Intercollegiate Field Meet
held in Chicago last year. He received
honorable mention on Walter Camp's
All-American eleven last fall for the
tackle position.
Norman Anderson has been elected
captain of the U. S. C. varsity track
and field squad this year. Anderson is
a junior at U. S. C. and won the shot
put at the Intercollegiate Field Meet
held in Chicago last year. He received
honorable mention on Walter Camp's
All-American eleven last fall for the
tackle position.
Norman Anderson has been elected
captain of the U. S. C. varsity track
and field squad this year. Anderson is
a junior at U. S. C. and won the shot
put at the Intercollegiate Field Meet
held in Chicago last year. He received
honorable mention on Walter Camp's
All-American eleven last fall for the
tackle position.
Norman Anderson has been elected
captain of the U. S. C. varsity track
and field squad this year. Anderson is
a junior at U. S. C. and won the shot
put at the Intercollegiate Field Meet
held in Chicago last year. He received
honorable mention on Walter Camp's
All-American eleven last fall for the
tackle position.
Norman Anderson has been elected
captain of the U. S. C. varsity track
and field squad this year. Anderson is
a junior at U. S. C. and won the shot
put at the Intercollegiate Field Meet
held in Chicago last year. He received
honorable mention on Walter Camp's
All-American eleven last fall for the
tackle position.
Norman Anderson has been elected
captain of the U. S. C. varsity track
and field squad this year. Anderson is
a junior at U. S. C. and won the shot
put at the Intercollegiate Field Meet
held in Chicago last year. He received
honorable mention on Walter Camp's
All-American eleven last fall for the
tackle position.
Norman Anderson has been elected
captain of the U. S. C. varsity track
and field squad this year. Anderson is
a junior at U. S. C. and won the shot
put at the Intercollegiate Field Meet
held in Chicago last year. He received
honorable mention on Walter Camp's
All-American eleven last fall for the
tackle position.
Norman Anderson has been elected
captain of the U. S. C. varsity track
and field squad this year. Anderson is
a junior at U. S. C. and won the shot
put at the Intercollegiate Field Meet
held in Chicago last year. He received
honorable mention on Walter Camp's
All-American eleven last fall for the
tackle position.
Norman Anderson has been elected
captain of the U. S. C. varsity track
and field squad this year. Anderson is
a junior at U. S. C. and won the shot
put at the Intercollegiate Field Meet
held in Chicago last year. He received
honorable mention on Walter Camp's
All-American eleven last fall for the
tackle position.
