# Statement by Dr. Jordan.
## 
### 
Before sailing from Honolulu
yesterday President Jordan and..
Trustee Hopkins issued the follow-!
ing statement concerning the death!
of Mrs. Stanford:
"In our judgment, after a carefuk
consideration of all the factsa
brought to our knowledge, we are
fully convinced that the death of
Mrs. Stanford was not due to strych
nine poisoning, nor to intentional
wrongdoing on the part of any one.
We find in the statements of those
who were with Mrs. Stanford in her
last moments no evidence that any
of the characteristic symptoms of
strychnine poisoning were present.
"We think it probable that death
was due to a combination of condi
tions and circumstances. Among
these we may note in connection
with her advanced age the unac
customed exertion, the surfeit of
unsuitable food, and the unusual
exposure during the picnic to which
she went on the day of her death.
These conditions were, perhaps,
somewhat aggravated by the pres
ence of strychnine and other drugs
in the medicinal capsule, and pos
sibly also by the presence of the
small amount of strychnine con
tained in the dose of bicarbonate of
soda.
"The occurence of this strychnine
in the bicarbonate of soda has not
yet been explained. The fact that
it was not in excess of the usual
medicinal proportions suggests that
its presence was due either to the
error of a pharmacist, or else that
the combination was prepared for
tonic purposes.
"We must recognize that the pre
liminary hypothesis of accidental
poisoning seemed a natural one
under the extraordinary circum
stances. We regard it, however, as
being without foundation, and
wholly incompatible with the evi
dence in our possession.
"We cannot express in too high
terms our appreciation of the gen
erous sympathy and friendly hos
pitality shown by all the people of
Hawaii with whom we came in con
tact. We came to Honolulu on the
saddest of errands, and leave it with
the warmest feeling of gratitude to
ward this beautiful island, this
generous-hearted city, and its help
ful and sympathetic citizens."
Before sailing from Honolulu
yesterday President Jordan and..
Trustee Hopkins issued the follow-!
ing statement concerning the death!
of Mrs. Stanford:
"In our judgment, after a carefuk
consideration of all the factsa
brought to our knowledge, we are
fully convinced that the death of
Mrs. Stanford was not due to strych
nine poisoning, nor to intentional
wrongdoing on the part of any one.
We find in the statements of those
who were with Mrs. Stanford in her
last moments no evidence that any
of the characteristic symptoms of
strychnine poisoning were present.
"We think it probable that death
was due to a combination of condi
tions and circumstances. Among
these we may note in connection
with her advanced age the unac
customed exertion, the surfeit of
unsuitable food, and the unusual
exposure during the picnic to which
she went on the day of her death.
These conditions were, perhaps,
somewhat aggravated by the pres
ence of strychnine and other drugs
in the medicinal capsule, and pos
sibly also by the presence of the
small amount of strychnine con
tained in the dose of bicarbonate of
soda.
"The occurence of this strychnine
in the bicarbonate of soda has not
yet been explained. The fact that
it was not in excess of the usual
medicinal proportions suggests that
its presence was due either to the
error of a pharmacist, or else that
the combination was prepared for
tonic purposes.
"We must recognize that the pre
liminary hypothesis of accidental
poisoning seemed a natural one
under the extraordinary circum
stances. We regard it, however, as
being without foundation, and
wholly incompatible with the evi
dence in our possession.
"We cannot express in too high
terms our appreciation of the gen
erous sympathy and friendly hos
pitality shown by all the people of
Hawaii with whom we came in con
tact. We came to Honolulu on the
saddest of errands, and leave it with
the warmest feeling of gratitude to
ward this beautiful island, this
generous-hearted city, and its help
ful and sympathetic citizens."
Before sailing from Honolulu
yesterday President Jordan and..
Trustee Hopkins issued the follow-!
ing statement concerning the death!
of Mrs. Stanford:
"In our judgment, after a carefuk
consideration of all the factsa
brought to our knowledge, we are
fully convinced that the death of
Mrs. Stanford was not due to strych
nine poisoning, nor to intentional
wrongdoing on the part of any one.
We find in the statements of those
who were with Mrs. Stanford in her
last moments no evidence that any
of the characteristic symptoms of
strychnine poisoning were present.
"We think it probable that death
was due to a combination of condi
tions and circumstances. Among
these we may note in connection
with her advanced age the unac
customed exertion, the surfeit of
unsuitable food, and the unusual
exposure during the picnic to which
she went on the day of her death.
These conditions were, perhaps,
somewhat aggravated by the pres
ence of strychnine and other drugs
in the medicinal capsule, and pos
sibly also by the presence of the
small amount of strychnine con
tained in the dose of bicarbonate of
soda.
"The occurence of this strychnine
in the bicarbonate of soda has not
yet been explained. The fact that
it was not in excess of the usual
medicinal proportions suggests that
its presence was due either to the
error of a pharmacist, or else that
the combination was prepared for
tonic purposes.
"We must recognize that the pre
liminary hypothesis of accidental
poisoning seemed a natural one
under the extraordinary circum
stances. We regard it, however, as
being without foundation, and
wholly incompatible with the evi
dence in our possession.
"We cannot express in too high
terms our appreciation of the gen
erous sympathy and friendly hos
pitality shown by all the people of
Hawaii with whom we came in con
tact. We came to Honolulu on the
saddest of errands, and leave it with
the warmest feeling of gratitude to
ward this beautiful island, this
generous-hearted city, and its help
ful and sympathetic citizens."
Before sailing from Honolulu
yesterday President Jordan and..
Trustee Hopkins issued the follow-!
ing statement concerning the death!
of Mrs. Stanford:
"In our judgment, after a carefuk
consideration of all the factsa
brought to our knowledge, we are
fully convinced that the death of
Mrs. Stanford was not due to strych
nine poisoning, nor to intentional
wrongdoing on the part of any one.
We find in the statements of those
who were with Mrs. Stanford in her
last moments no evidence that any
of the characteristic symptoms of
strychnine poisoning were present.
"We think it probable that death
was due to a combination of condi
tions and circumstances. Among
these we may note in connection
with her advanced age the unac
customed exertion, the surfeit of
unsuitable food, and the unusual
exposure during the picnic to which
she went on the day of her death.
These conditions were, perhaps,
somewhat aggravated by the pres
ence of strychnine and other drugs
in the medicinal capsule, and pos
sibly also by the presence of the
small amount of strychnine con
tained in the dose of bicarbonate of
soda.
"The occurence of this strychnine
in the bicarbonate of soda has not
yet been explained. The fact that
it was not in excess of the usual
medicinal proportions suggests that
its presence was due either to the
error of a pharmacist, or else that
the combination was prepared for
tonic purposes.
"We must recognize that the pre
liminary hypothesis of accidental
poisoning seemed a natural one
under the extraordinary circum
stances. We regard it, however, as
being without foundation, and
wholly incompatible with the evi
dence in our possession.
"We cannot express in too high
terms our appreciation of the gen
erous sympathy and friendly hos
pitality shown by all the people of
Hawaii with whom we came in con
tact. We came to Honolulu on the
saddest of errands, and leave it with
the warmest feeling of gratitude to
ward this beautiful island, this
generous-hearted city, and its help
ful and sympathetic citizens."
Before sailing from Honolulu
yesterday President Jordan and..
Trustee Hopkins issued the follow-!
ing statement concerning the death!
of Mrs. Stanford:
"In our judgment, after a carefuk
consideration of all the factsa
brought to our knowledge, we are
fully convinced that the death of
Mrs. Stanford was not due to strych
nine poisoning, nor to intentional
wrongdoing on the part of any one.
We find in the statements of those
who were with Mrs. Stanford in her
last moments no evidence that any
of the characteristic symptoms of
strychnine poisoning were present.
"We think it probable that death
was due to a combination of condi
tions and circumstances. Among
these we may note in connection
with her advanced age the unac
customed exertion, the surfeit of
unsuitable food, and the unusual
exposure during the picnic to which
she went on the day of her death.
These conditions were, perhaps,
somewhat aggravated by the pres
ence of strychnine and other drugs
in the medicinal capsule, and pos
sibly also by the presence of the
small amount of strychnine con
tained in the dose of bicarbonate of
soda.
"The occurence of this strychnine
in the bicarbonate of soda has not
yet been explained. The fact that
it was not in excess of the usual
medicinal proportions suggests that
its presence was due either to the
error of a pharmacist, or else that
the combination was prepared for
tonic purposes.
"We must recognize that the pre
liminary hypothesis of accidental
poisoning seemed a natural one
under the extraordinary circum
stances. We regard it, however, as
being without foundation, and
wholly incompatible with the evi
dence in our possession.
"We cannot express in too high
terms our appreciation of the gen
erous sympathy and friendly hos
pitality shown by all the people of
Hawaii with whom we came in con
tact. We came to Honolulu on the
saddest of errands, and leave it with
the warmest feeling of gratitude to
ward this beautiful island, this
generous-hearted city, and its help
ful and sympathetic citizens."
Before sailing from Honolulu
yesterday President Jordan and..
Trustee Hopkins issued the follow-!
ing statement concerning the death!
of Mrs. Stanford:
"In our judgment, after a carefuk
consideration of all the factsa
brought to our knowledge, we are
fully convinced that the death of
Mrs. Stanford was not due to strych
nine poisoning, nor to intentional
wrongdoing on the part of any one.
We find in the statements of those
who were with Mrs. Stanford in her
last moments no evidence that any
of the characteristic symptoms of
strychnine poisoning were present.
"We think it probable that death
was due to a combination of condi
tions and circumstances. Among
these we may note in connection
with her advanced age the unac
customed exertion, the surfeit of
unsuitable food, and the unusual
exposure during the picnic to which
she went on the day of her death.
These conditions were, perhaps,
somewhat aggravated by the pres
ence of strychnine and other drugs
in the medicinal capsule, and pos
sibly also by the presence of the
small amount of strychnine con
tained in the dose of bicarbonate of
soda.
"The occurence of this strychnine
in the bicarbonate of soda has not
yet been explained. The fact that
it was not in excess of the usual
medicinal proportions suggests that
its presence was due either to the
error of a pharmacist, or else that
the combination was prepared for
tonic purposes.
"We must recognize that the pre
liminary hypothesis of accidental
poisoning seemed a natural one
under the extraordinary circum
stances. We regard it, however, as
being without foundation, and
wholly incompatible with the evi
dence in our possession.
"We cannot express in too high
terms our appreciation of the gen
erous sympathy and friendly hos
pitality shown by all the people of
Hawaii with whom we came in con
tact. We came to Honolulu on the
saddest of errands, and leave it with
the warmest feeling of gratitude to
ward this beautiful island, this
generous-hearted city, and its help
ful and sympathetic citizens."
Before sailing from Honolulu
yesterday President Jordan and..
Trustee Hopkins issued the follow-!
ing statement concerning the death!
of Mrs. Stanford:
"In our judgment, after a carefuk
consideration of all the factsa
brought to our knowledge, we are
fully convinced that the death of
Mrs. Stanford was not due to strych
nine poisoning, nor to intentional
wrongdoing on the part of any one.
We find in the statements of those
who were with Mrs. Stanford in her
last moments no evidence that any
of the characteristic symptoms of
strychnine poisoning were present.
"We think it probable that death
was due to a combination of condi
tions and circumstances. Among
these we may note in connection
with her advanced age the unac
customed exertion, the surfeit of
unsuitable food, and the unusual
exposure during the picnic to which
she went on the day of her death.
These conditions were, perhaps,
somewhat aggravated by the pres
ence of strychnine and other drugs
in the medicinal capsule, and pos
sibly also by the presence of the
small amount of strychnine con
tained in the dose of bicarbonate of
soda.
"The occurence of this strychnine
in the bicarbonate of soda has not
yet been explained. The fact that
it was not in excess of the usual
medicinal proportions suggests that
its presence was due either to the
error of a pharmacist, or else that
the combination was prepared for
tonic purposes.
"We must recognize that the pre
liminary hypothesis of accidental
poisoning seemed a natural one
under the extraordinary circum
stances. We regard it, however, as
being without foundation, and
wholly incompatible with the evi
dence in our possession.
"We cannot express in too high
terms our appreciation of the gen
erous sympathy and friendly hos
pitality shown by all the people of
Hawaii with whom we came in con
tact. We came to Honolulu on the
saddest of errands, and leave it with
the warmest feeling of gratitude to
ward this beautiful island, this
generous-hearted city, and its help
ful and sympathetic citizens."
Before sailing from Honolulu
yesterday President Jordan and..
Trustee Hopkins issued the follow-!
ing statement concerning the death!
of Mrs. Stanford:
"In our judgment, after a carefuk
consideration of all the factsa
brought to our knowledge, we are
fully convinced that the death of
Mrs. Stanford was not due to strych
nine poisoning, nor to intentional
wrongdoing on the part of any one.
We find in the statements of those
who were with Mrs. Stanford in her
last moments no evidence that any
of the characteristic symptoms of
strychnine poisoning were present.
"We think it probable that death
was due to a combination of condi
tions and circumstances. Among
these we may note in connection
with her advanced age the unac
customed exertion, the surfeit of
unsuitable food, and the unusual
exposure during the picnic to which
she went on the day of her death.
These conditions were, perhaps,
somewhat aggravated by the pres
ence of strychnine and other drugs
in the medicinal capsule, and pos
sibly also by the presence of the
small amount of strychnine con
tained in the dose of bicarbonate of
soda.
"The occurence of this strychnine
in the bicarbonate of soda has not
yet been explained. The fact that
it was not in excess of the usual
medicinal proportions suggests that
its presence was due either to the
error of a pharmacist, or else that
the combination was prepared for
tonic purposes.
"We must recognize that the pre
liminary hypothesis of accidental
poisoning seemed a natural one
under the extraordinary circum
stances. We regard it, however, as
being without foundation, and
wholly incompatible with the evi
dence in our possession.
"We cannot express in too high
terms our appreciation of the gen
erous sympathy and friendly hos
pitality shown by all the people of
Hawaii with whom we came in con
tact. We came to Honolulu on the
saddest of errands, and leave it with
the warmest feeling of gratitude to
ward this beautiful island, this
generous-hearted city, and its help
ful and sympathetic citizens."
