# Untitled Article
## 
### 
We would like to urge upon all
students, and especially upon new
ones, the great value of concentra
ting their entire mental force upon
any subject they may undertake.
Although we are sure that no stu
dent can have been here fora month
without strongly realizing this, we
feel that it may do some good to
mention it.
Whether one is at work in the
library or at home where all is
quiet, one's mind is bound, except
in the case of the best trained stu
dent, to wander to some extent.
There are cases where this goes on
to such an extent that the value of
the student's work is decreased by
at least one half, and yet this is all
caused by a failure to realize the
value of close application. With
out knowing the psychological
principles governing the question,
experiences within the personal ob
servations of all of us show that at
least three evils, all of which are
extremely detrimental to a student's
welfare, result from the lack of con

centration: Time is wasted, fur the
work must be gone over again; en
ergy is wasted â€”and what student
has any of this to spare? ; and
worst of all, bad habits are formed.
