# New World Record.
## 
### 
Bernard F. Wefers of the New
York Athletic Club broke his own
world's record in the 220-yd. dash
of 21 1-5 seconds Saturday at To
ronta, Ontario, by running the dis
tance in 21 seconds flat. John
Flannigan broke the Canadian
record of 136 ft. 3 in.in the ham
mer-throw by a throw of 145 ft. 3
in. Bloss, also of the New York
Club raised the Canadian record in
the broad-jump from 22 ft. 7:/ in.
to 23 ft. 1 in.
Bernard F. Wefers of the New
York Athletic Club broke his own
world's record in the 220-yd. dash
of 21 1-5 seconds Saturday at To
ronta, Ontario, by running the dis
tance in 21 seconds flat. John
Flannigan broke the Canadian
record of 136 ft. 3 in.in the ham
mer-throw by a throw of 145 ft. 3
in. Bloss, also of the New York
Club raised the Canadian record in
the broad-jump from 22 ft. 7:/ in.
to 23 ft. 1 in.
Bernard F. Wefers of the New
York Athletic Club broke his own
world's record in the 220-yd. dash
of 21 1-5 seconds Saturday at To
ronta, Ontario, by running the dis
tance in 21 seconds flat. John
Flannigan broke the Canadian
record of 136 ft. 3 in.in the ham
mer-throw by a throw of 145 ft. 3
in. Bloss, also of the New York
Club raised the Canadian record in
the broad-jump from 22 ft. 7:/ in.
to 23 ft. 1 in.
Bernard F. Wefers of the New
York Athletic Club broke his own
world's record in the 220-yd. dash
of 21 1-5 seconds Saturday at To
ronta, Ontario, by running the dis
tance in 21 seconds flat. John
Flannigan broke the Canadian
record of 136 ft. 3 in.in the ham
mer-throw by a throw of 145 ft. 3
in. Bloss, also of the New York
Club raised the Canadian record in
the broad-jump from 22 ft. 7:/ in.
to 23 ft. 1 in.
Bernard F. Wefers of the New
York Athletic Club broke his own
world's record in the 220-yd. dash
of 21 1-5 seconds Saturday at To
ronta, Ontario, by running the dis
tance in 21 seconds flat. John
Flannigan broke the Canadian
record of 136 ft. 3 in.in the ham
mer-throw by a throw of 145 ft. 3
in. Bloss, also of the New York
Club raised the Canadian record in
the broad-jump from 22 ft. 7:/ in.
to 23 ft. 1 in.
