# Adv. 2 Page 2
## 
### 
FOR YOUNG LOVERS
1 he beauty and
unusual design of this
wedding set make it the
perfect tribute to love s
young dream. 14-K
white or yellow gold.
Each ring *
Alfrey's lewelers
205 University Avenue
Downtown Palo Alt«
FOR YOUNG LOVERS
1 he beauty and
unusual design of this
wedding set make it the
perfect tribute to love s
young dream. 14-K
white or yellow gold.
Each ring *
Alfrey's lewelers
205 University Avenue
Downtown Palo Alt«
FOR YOUNG LOVERS
1 he beauty and
unusual design of this
wedding set make it the
perfect tribute to love s
young dream. 14-K
white or yellow gold.
Each ring *
Alfrey's lewelers
205 University Avenue
Downtown Palo Alt«
FOR YOUNG LOVERS
1 he beauty and
unusual design of this
wedding set make it the
perfect tribute to love s
young dream. 14-K
white or yellow gold.
Each ring *
Alfrey's lewelers
205 University Avenue
Downtown Palo Alt«
FOR YOUNG LOVERS
1 he beauty and
unusual design of this
wedding set make it the
perfect tribute to love s
young dream. 14-K
white or yellow gold.
Each ring *
Alfrey's lewelers
205 University Avenue
Downtown Palo Alt«
FOR YOUNG LOVERS
1 he beauty and
unusual design of this
wedding set make it the
perfect tribute to love s
young dream. 14-K
white or yellow gold.
Each ring *
Alfrey's lewelers
205 University Avenue
Downtown Palo Alt«
FOR YOUNG LOVERS
1 he beauty and
unusual design of this
wedding set make it the
perfect tribute to love s
young dream. 14-K
white or yellow gold.
Each ring *
Alfrey's lewelers
205 University Avenue
Downtown Palo Alt«
FOR YOUNG LOVERS
1 he beauty and
unusual design of this
wedding set make it the
perfect tribute to love s
young dream. 14-K
white or yellow gold.
Each ring *
Alfrey's lewelers
205 University Avenue
Downtown Palo Alt«
FOR YOUNG LOVERS
1 he beauty and
unusual design of this
wedding set make it the
perfect tribute to love s
young dream. 14-K
white or yellow gold.
Each ring *
Alfrey's lewelers
205 University Avenue
Downtown Palo Alt«
FOR YOUNG LOVERS
1 he beauty and
unusual design of this
wedding set make it the
perfect tribute to love s
young dream. 14-K
white or yellow gold.
Each ring *
Alfrey's lewelers
205 University Avenue
Downtown Palo Alt«
FOR YOUNG LOVERS
1 he beauty and
unusual design of this
wedding set make it the
perfect tribute to love s
young dream. 14-K
white or yellow gold.
Each ring *
Alfrey's lewelers
205 University Avenue
Downtown Palo Alt«
FOR YOUNG LOVERS
1 he beauty and
unusual design of this
wedding set make it the
perfect tribute to love s
young dream. 14-K
white or yellow gold.
Each ring *
Alfrey's lewelers
205 University Avenue
Downtown Palo Alt«
FOR YOUNG LOVERS
1 he beauty and
unusual design of this
wedding set make it the
perfect tribute to love s
young dream. 14-K
white or yellow gold.
Each ring *
Alfrey's lewelers
205 University Avenue
Downtown Palo Alt«
FOR YOUNG LOVERS
1 he beauty and
unusual design of this
wedding set make it the
perfect tribute to love s
young dream. 14-K
white or yellow gold.
Each ring *
Alfrey's lewelers
205 University Avenue
Downtown Palo Alt«
