# KZSU
## 
### 
KZSU will replay its
interview with Pete
McCloskey at 7 p.m. tonight.
At 8 p.m., the Bobby Seale
speech will be covered from
Mem Chu.
KZSU will replay its
interview with Pete
McCloskey at 7 p.m. tonight.
At 8 p.m., the Bobby Seale
speech will be covered from
Mem Chu.
KZSU will replay its
interview with Pete
McCloskey at 7 p.m. tonight.
At 8 p.m., the Bobby Seale
speech will be covered from
Mem Chu.
KZSU will replay its
interview with Pete
McCloskey at 7 p.m. tonight.
At 8 p.m., the Bobby Seale
speech will be covered from
Mem Chu.
KZSU will replay its
interview with Pete
McCloskey at 7 p.m. tonight.
At 8 p.m., the Bobby Seale
speech will be covered from
Mem Chu.
KZSU will replay its
interview with Pete
McCloskey at 7 p.m. tonight.
At 8 p.m., the Bobby Seale
speech will be covered from
Mem Chu.
KZSU will replay its
interview with Pete
McCloskey at 7 p.m. tonight.
At 8 p.m., the Bobby Seale
speech will be covered from
Mem Chu.
KZSU will replay its
interview with Pete
McCloskey at 7 p.m. tonight.
At 8 p.m., the Bobby Seale
speech will be covered from
Mem Chu.
KZSU will replay its
interview with Pete
McCloskey at 7 p.m. tonight.
At 8 p.m., the Bobby Seale
speech will be covered from
Mem Chu.
KZSU will replay its
interview with Pete
McCloskey at 7 p.m. tonight.
At 8 p.m., the Bobby Seale
speech will be covered from
Mem Chu.
KZSU will replay its
interview with Pete
McCloskey at 7 p.m. tonight.
At 8 p.m., the Bobby Seale
speech will be covered from
Mem Chu.
KZSU will replay its
interview with Pete
McCloskey at 7 p.m. tonight.
At 8 p.m., the Bobby Seale
speech will be covered from
Mem Chu.
KZSU will replay its
interview with Pete
McCloskey at 7 p.m. tonight.
At 8 p.m., the Bobby Seale
speech will be covered from
Mem Chu.
KZSU will replay its
interview with Pete
McCloskey at 7 p.m. tonight.
At 8 p.m., the Bobby Seale
speech will be covered from
Mem Chu.
