# Handball Probably Off.
## 
### 
Jt is practically certain that
there will be no intercollegiate
handball this year. Final decision
in favor of a meet was rendered by
the Stanford Executive Committee,
and rules, etc., submitted to the
California members of the Inter
collegiate Athletic Committee over
two weeks ago, but there has been
no response. Negotiations have
now taken so much time that the
meet would conflict with track
work if run off this semester. Ar
rangements will probably be made
later for a meet sometime in the
fall semester.
Jt is practically certain that
there will be no intercollegiate
handball this year. Final decision
in favor of a meet was rendered by
the Stanford Executive Committee,
and rules, etc., submitted to the
California members of the Inter
collegiate Athletic Committee over
two weeks ago, but there has been
no response. Negotiations have
now taken so much time that the
meet would conflict with track
work if run off this semester. Ar
rangements will probably be made
later for a meet sometime in the
fall semester.
Jt is practically certain that
there will be no intercollegiate
handball this year. Final decision
in favor of a meet was rendered by
the Stanford Executive Committee,
and rules, etc., submitted to the
California members of the Inter
collegiate Athletic Committee over
two weeks ago, but there has been
no response. Negotiations have
now taken so much time that the
meet would conflict with track
work if run off this semester. Ar
rangements will probably be made
later for a meet sometime in the
fall semester.
Jt is practically certain that
there will be no intercollegiate
handball this year. Final decision
in favor of a meet was rendered by
the Stanford Executive Committee,
and rules, etc., submitted to the
California members of the Inter
collegiate Athletic Committee over
two weeks ago, but there has been
no response. Negotiations have
now taken so much time that the
meet would conflict with track
work if run off this semester. Ar
rangements will probably be made
later for a meet sometime in the
fall semester.
Jt is practically certain that
there will be no intercollegiate
handball this year. Final decision
in favor of a meet was rendered by
the Stanford Executive Committee,
and rules, etc., submitted to the
California members of the Inter
collegiate Athletic Committee over
two weeks ago, but there has been
no response. Negotiations have
now taken so much time that the
meet would conflict with track
work if run off this semester. Ar
rangements will probably be made
later for a meet sometime in the
fall semester.
Jt is practically certain that
there will be no intercollegiate
handball this year. Final decision
in favor of a meet was rendered by
the Stanford Executive Committee,
and rules, etc., submitted to the
California members of the Inter
collegiate Athletic Committee over
two weeks ago, but there has been
no response. Negotiations have
now taken so much time that the
meet would conflict with track
work if run off this semester. Ar
rangements will probably be made
later for a meet sometime in the
fall semester.
Jt is practically certain that
there will be no intercollegiate
handball this year. Final decision
in favor of a meet was rendered by
the Stanford Executive Committee,
and rules, etc., submitted to the
California members of the Inter
collegiate Athletic Committee over
two weeks ago, but there has been
no response. Negotiations have
now taken so much time that the
meet would conflict with track
work if run off this semester. Ar
rangements will probably be made
later for a meet sometime in the
fall semester.
