# Storm Damages Church.
## 
### 
The storm this morning did con
siderable damage to the roof of the
Memorial Church tower, tearing off
a number of tiles. The cross was
bent forward, hut probably not se
riously injured. None of the win
dows were harmed, nor was the in
terior of the building damaged.
Water dripped down on the canvas
coverings over the organ, hut did
not get into the instrument. It is
not known whether the stopping of
the clock was caused by the storm
or otherwise, as no investigation
has yet been made.
The storm this morning did con
siderable damage to the roof of the
Memorial Church tower, tearing off
a number of tiles. The cross was
bent forward, hut probably not se
riously injured. None of the win
dows were harmed, nor was the in
terior of the building damaged.
Water dripped down on the canvas
coverings over the organ, hut did
not get into the instrument. It is
not known whether the stopping of
the clock was caused by the storm
or otherwise, as no investigation
has yet been made.
The storm this morning did con
siderable damage to the roof of the
Memorial Church tower, tearing off
a number of tiles. The cross was
bent forward, hut probably not se
riously injured. None of the win
dows were harmed, nor was the in
terior of the building damaged.
Water dripped down on the canvas
coverings over the organ, hut did
not get into the instrument. It is
not known whether the stopping of
the clock was caused by the storm
or otherwise, as no investigation
has yet been made.
The storm this morning did con
siderable damage to the roof of the
Memorial Church tower, tearing off
a number of tiles. The cross was
bent forward, hut probably not se
riously injured. None of the win
dows were harmed, nor was the in
terior of the building damaged.
Water dripped down on the canvas
coverings over the organ, hut did
not get into the instrument. It is
not known whether the stopping of
the clock was caused by the storm
or otherwise, as no investigation
has yet been made.
The storm this morning did con
siderable damage to the roof of the
Memorial Church tower, tearing off
a number of tiles. The cross was
bent forward, hut probably not se
riously injured. None of the win
dows were harmed, nor was the in
terior of the building damaged.
Water dripped down on the canvas
coverings over the organ, hut did
not get into the instrument. It is
not known whether the stopping of
the clock was caused by the storm
or otherwise, as no investigation
has yet been made.
The storm this morning did con
siderable damage to the roof of the
Memorial Church tower, tearing off
a number of tiles. The cross was
bent forward, hut probably not se
riously injured. None of the win
dows were harmed, nor was the in
terior of the building damaged.
Water dripped down on the canvas
coverings over the organ, hut did
not get into the instrument. It is
not known whether the stopping of
the clock was caused by the storm
or otherwise, as no investigation
has yet been made.
The storm this morning did con
siderable damage to the roof of the
Memorial Church tower, tearing off
a number of tiles. The cross was
bent forward, hut probably not se
riously injured. None of the win
dows were harmed, nor was the in
terior of the building damaged.
Water dripped down on the canvas
coverings over the organ, hut did
not get into the instrument. It is
not known whether the stopping of
the clock was caused by the storm
or otherwise, as no investigation
has yet been made.
