# Adv. 16 Page 4
## 
### 
Engagements and officer lists
should lie turned in on the marked
hook at the Daily shack.
Engagements and officer lists
should lie turned in on the marked
hook at the Daily shack.
Engagements and officer lists
should lie turned in on the marked
hook at the Daily shack.
Engagements and officer lists
should lie turned in on the marked
hook at the Daily shack.
Engagements and officer lists
should lie turned in on the marked
hook at the Daily shack.
Engagements and officer lists
should lie turned in on the marked
hook at the Daily shack.
Engagements and officer lists
should lie turned in on the marked
hook at the Daily shack.
Engagements and officer lists
should lie turned in on the marked
hook at the Daily shack.
Engagements and officer lists
should lie turned in on the marked
hook at the Daily shack.
Engagements and officer lists
should lie turned in on the marked
hook at the Daily shack.
Engagements and officer lists
should lie turned in on the marked
hook at the Daily shack.
Engagements and officer lists
should lie turned in on the marked
hook at the Daily shack.
Engagements and officer lists
should lie turned in on the marked
hook at the Daily shack.
Engagements and officer lists
should lie turned in on the marked
hook at the Daily shack.
Engagements and officer lists
should lie turned in on the marked
hook at the Daily shack.
Engagements and officer lists
should lie turned in on the marked
hook at the Daily shack.
Engagements and officer lists
should lie turned in on the marked
hook at the Daily shack.
Engagements and officer lists
should lie turned in on the marked
hook at the Daily shack.
