# 'Peace' Subject Of Talk Today
## 
### 
"Is Peace Inevitable?" will be
the subject of a talk by Robert
Pick us, a KPFA commentator, a t
7:30 p.m. in the Women's Club
house. The talk is sponsored by
the Socialist Caucus of the Politi
cal Union.
Pickus is executive secretary of
Acts for Peace, a California or
ganization dedicated to continu
ing education and action for
peace "in the face of the 'we're
for peace but what can we do?'
philosophy prevalent in contem
porary America." He is also asso
ciate editor of Liberation Maga
zine.
He will describe the programs
of a number of groups engaged in
projects "designed to serve the
cause of peace." A discussion pe
riod will follow the talk.
