# Block 'S' for (and by) Roaring Rooters
## 
### 

| The traditional expanding block "S" writes an
end to the firs! half-time card stunt, session ot
the season. It was also tile first time thai card
j stunts were co-ordinated between the band and

rooting* section. Spectators seemed to teel that
the card section was in mid season form and ex
pressed hearty appreciation. Stanford will try to
co-ordinate band, rooting section in the future.

| The traditional expanding block "S" writes an
end to the firs! half-time card stunt, session ot
the season. It was also tile first time thai card
j stunts were co-ordinated between the band and

rooting* section. Spectators seemed to teel that
the card section was in mid season form and ex
pressed hearty appreciation. Stanford will try to
co-ordinate band, rooting section in the future.

| The traditional expanding block "S" writes an
end to the firs! half-time card stunt, session ot
the season. It was also tile first time thai card
j stunts were co-ordinated between the band and

rooting* section. Spectators seemed to teel that
the card section was in mid season form and ex
pressed hearty appreciation. Stanford will try to
co-ordinate band, rooting section in the future.

| The traditional expanding block "S" writes an
end to the firs! half-time card stunt, session ot
the season. It was also tile first time thai card
j stunts were co-ordinated between the band and

rooting* section. Spectators seemed to teel that
the card section was in mid season form and ex
pressed hearty appreciation. Stanford will try to
co-ordinate band, rooting section in the future.

| The traditional expanding block "S" writes an
end to the firs! half-time card stunt, session ot
the season. It was also tile first time thai card
j stunts were co-ordinated between the band and

rooting* section. Spectators seemed to teel that
the card section was in mid season form and ex
pressed hearty appreciation. Stanford will try to
co-ordinate band, rooting section in the future.

| The traditional expanding block "S" writes an
end to the firs! half-time card stunt, session ot
the season. It was also tile first time thai card
j stunts were co-ordinated between the band and

rooting* section. Spectators seemed to teel that
the card section was in mid season form and ex
pressed hearty appreciation. Stanford will try to
co-ordinate band, rooting section in the future.

| The traditional expanding block "S" writes an
end to the firs! half-time card stunt, session ot
the season. It was also tile first time thai card
j stunts were co-ordinated between the band and

rooting* section. Spectators seemed to teel that
the card section was in mid season form and ex
pressed hearty appreciation. Stanford will try to
co-ordinate band, rooting section in the future.

| The traditional expanding block "S" writes an
end to the firs! half-time card stunt, session ot
the season. It was also tile first time thai card
j stunts were co-ordinated between the band and

rooting* section. Spectators seemed to teel that
the card section was in mid season form and ex
pressed hearty appreciation. Stanford will try to
co-ordinate band, rooting section in the future.

| The traditional expanding block "S" writes an
end to the firs! half-time card stunt, session ot
the season. It was also tile first time thai card
j stunts were co-ordinated between the band and

rooting* section. Spectators seemed to teel that
the card section was in mid season form and ex
pressed hearty appreciation. Stanford will try to
co-ordinate band, rooting section in the future.

| The traditional expanding block "S" writes an
end to the firs! half-time card stunt, session ot
the season. It was also tile first time thai card
j stunts were co-ordinated between the band and

rooting* section. Spectators seemed to teel that
the card section was in mid season form and ex
pressed hearty appreciation. Stanford will try to
co-ordinate band, rooting section in the future.

| The traditional expanding block "S" writes an
end to the firs! half-time card stunt, session ot
the season. It was also tile first time thai card
j stunts were co-ordinated between the band and

rooting* section. Spectators seemed to teel that
the card section was in mid season form and ex
pressed hearty appreciation. Stanford will try to
co-ordinate band, rooting section in the future.

| The traditional expanding block "S" writes an
end to the firs! half-time card stunt, session ot
the season. It was also tile first time thai card
j stunts were co-ordinated between the band and

rooting* section. Spectators seemed to teel that
the card section was in mid season form and ex
pressed hearty appreciation. Stanford will try to
co-ordinate band, rooting section in the future.

| The traditional expanding block "S" writes an
end to the firs! half-time card stunt, session ot
the season. It was also tile first time thai card
j stunts were co-ordinated between the band and

rooting* section. Spectators seemed to teel that
the card section was in mid season form and ex
pressed hearty appreciation. Stanford will try to
co-ordinate band, rooting section in the future.

| The traditional expanding block "S" writes an
end to the firs! half-time card stunt, session ot
the season. It was also tile first time thai card
j stunts were co-ordinated between the band and

rooting* section. Spectators seemed to teel that
the card section was in mid season form and ex
pressed hearty appreciation. Stanford will try to
co-ordinate band, rooting section in the future.

| The traditional expanding block "S" writes an
end to the firs! half-time card stunt, session ot
the season. It was also tile first time thai card
j stunts were co-ordinated between the band and

rooting* section. Spectators seemed to teel that
the card section was in mid season form and ex
pressed hearty appreciation. Stanford will try to
co-ordinate band, rooting section in the future.

| The traditional expanding block "S" writes an
end to the firs! half-time card stunt, session ot
the season. It was also tile first time thai card
j stunts were co-ordinated between the band and

rooting* section. Spectators seemed to teel that
the card section was in mid season form and ex
pressed hearty appreciation. Stanford will try to
co-ordinate band, rooting section in the future.

| The traditional expanding block "S" writes an
end to the firs! half-time card stunt, session ot
the season. It was also tile first time thai card
j stunts were co-ordinated between the band and

rooting* section. Spectators seemed to teel that
the card section was in mid season form and ex
pressed hearty appreciation. Stanford will try to
co-ordinate band, rooting section in the future.

| The traditional expanding block "S" writes an
end to the firs! half-time card stunt, session ot
the season. It was also tile first time thai card
j stunts were co-ordinated between the band and

rooting* section. Spectators seemed to teel that
the card section was in mid season form and ex
pressed hearty appreciation. Stanford will try to
co-ordinate band, rooting section in the future.
