# Miller Will Speak To Religious Club
## 
### 
The Rev. Alexander Miller will be
the speaker and discussion leader
at the Sunday Afternoon Club this
Sunday at 4 p.m. at Bowman Alum
ni House. His topic will be "The
Biblical Concept of the Church."
The United Student Christian
Council's booklet, "The Christian
Student and the Church," is being
used as the basis of the Sunday Af
ternoon Club's discussions this
quarter.
The Rev. Alexander Miller will be
the speaker and discussion leader
at the Sunday Afternoon Club this
Sunday at 4 p.m. at Bowman Alum
ni House. His topic will be "The
Biblical Concept of the Church."
The United Student Christian
Council's booklet, "The Christian
Student and the Church," is being
used as the basis of the Sunday Af
ternoon Club's discussions this
quarter.
The Rev. Alexander Miller will be
the speaker and discussion leader
at the Sunday Afternoon Club this
Sunday at 4 p.m. at Bowman Alum
ni House. His topic will be "The
Biblical Concept of the Church."
The United Student Christian
Council's booklet, "The Christian
Student and the Church," is being
used as the basis of the Sunday Af
ternoon Club's discussions this
quarter.
The Rev. Alexander Miller will be
the speaker and discussion leader
at the Sunday Afternoon Club this
Sunday at 4 p.m. at Bowman Alum
ni House. His topic will be "The
Biblical Concept of the Church."
The United Student Christian
Council's booklet, "The Christian
Student and the Church," is being
used as the basis of the Sunday Af
ternoon Club's discussions this
quarter.
The Rev. Alexander Miller will be
the speaker and discussion leader
at the Sunday Afternoon Club this
Sunday at 4 p.m. at Bowman Alum
ni House. His topic will be "The
Biblical Concept of the Church."
The United Student Christian
Council's booklet, "The Christian
Student and the Church," is being
used as the basis of the Sunday Af
ternoon Club's discussions this
quarter.
The Rev. Alexander Miller will be
the speaker and discussion leader
at the Sunday Afternoon Club this
Sunday at 4 p.m. at Bowman Alum
ni House. His topic will be "The
Biblical Concept of the Church."
The United Student Christian
Council's booklet, "The Christian
Student and the Church," is being
used as the basis of the Sunday Af
ternoon Club's discussions this
quarter.
The Rev. Alexander Miller will be
the speaker and discussion leader
at the Sunday Afternoon Club this
Sunday at 4 p.m. at Bowman Alum
ni House. His topic will be "The
Biblical Concept of the Church."
The United Student Christian
Council's booklet, "The Christian
Student and the Church," is being
used as the basis of the Sunday Af
ternoon Club's discussions this
quarter.
The Rev. Alexander Miller will be
the speaker and discussion leader
at the Sunday Afternoon Club this
Sunday at 4 p.m. at Bowman Alum
ni House. His topic will be "The
Biblical Concept of the Church."
The United Student Christian
Council's booklet, "The Christian
Student and the Church," is being
used as the basis of the Sunday Af
ternoon Club's discussions this
quarter.
The Rev. Alexander Miller will be
the speaker and discussion leader
at the Sunday Afternoon Club this
Sunday at 4 p.m. at Bowman Alum
ni House. His topic will be "The
Biblical Concept of the Church."
The United Student Christian
Council's booklet, "The Christian
Student and the Church," is being
used as the basis of the Sunday Af
ternoon Club's discussions this
quarter.
The Rev. Alexander Miller will be
the speaker and discussion leader
at the Sunday Afternoon Club this
Sunday at 4 p.m. at Bowman Alum
ni House. His topic will be "The
Biblical Concept of the Church."
The United Student Christian
Council's booklet, "The Christian
Student and the Church," is being
used as the basis of the Sunday Af
ternoon Club's discussions this
quarter.
The Rev. Alexander Miller will be
the speaker and discussion leader
at the Sunday Afternoon Club this
Sunday at 4 p.m. at Bowman Alum
ni House. His topic will be "The
Biblical Concept of the Church."
The United Student Christian
Council's booklet, "The Christian
Student and the Church," is being
used as the basis of the Sunday Af
ternoon Club's discussions this
quarter.
The Rev. Alexander Miller will be
the speaker and discussion leader
at the Sunday Afternoon Club this
Sunday at 4 p.m. at Bowman Alum
ni House. His topic will be "The
Biblical Concept of the Church."
The United Student Christian
Council's booklet, "The Christian
Student and the Church," is being
used as the basis of the Sunday Af
ternoon Club's discussions this
quarter.
The Rev. Alexander Miller will be
the speaker and discussion leader
at the Sunday Afternoon Club this
Sunday at 4 p.m. at Bowman Alum
ni House. His topic will be "The
Biblical Concept of the Church."
The United Student Christian
Council's booklet, "The Christian
Student and the Church," is being
used as the basis of the Sunday Af
ternoon Club's discussions this
quarter.
The Rev. Alexander Miller will be
the speaker and discussion leader
at the Sunday Afternoon Club this
Sunday at 4 p.m. at Bowman Alum
ni House. His topic will be "The
Biblical Concept of the Church."
The United Student Christian
Council's booklet, "The Christian
Student and the Church," is being
used as the basis of the Sunday Af
ternoon Club's discussions this
quarter.
The Rev. Alexander Miller will be
the speaker and discussion leader
at the Sunday Afternoon Club this
Sunday at 4 p.m. at Bowman Alum
ni House. His topic will be "The
Biblical Concept of the Church."
The United Student Christian
Council's booklet, "The Christian
Student and the Church," is being
used as the basis of the Sunday Af
ternoon Club's discussions this
quarter.
