# Nurses to Receive Caps in Lane Hall
## 
### 
Stanford University School of
Nudrsing will hold its annual cap
ping exercises tonight at 8 in the
evening. The candlelight ceremony
will be presented in Lane Hall of
the Medical School in San Francisco.
Capping will culminate the three
and - one - half - month probation
ary or trial period of the freshman

students. At this time, each "pro
bie" is given the Stanford cap to
wear as a symbol of her skill and
responsibility.
An open house following the cer
emony will be held in the Nurses'
Residence, 2340 Clay Street. All in
terested are cordially invited to at
tend.
Stanford University School of
Nudrsing will hold its annual cap
ping exercises tonight at 8 in the
evening. The candlelight ceremony
will be presented in Lane Hall of
the Medical School in San Francisco.
Capping will culminate the three
and - one - half - month probation
ary or trial period of the freshman

students. At this time, each "pro
bie" is given the Stanford cap to
wear as a symbol of her skill and
responsibility.
An open house following the cer
emony will be held in the Nurses'
Residence, 2340 Clay Street. All in
terested are cordially invited to at
tend.
Stanford University School of
Nudrsing will hold its annual cap
ping exercises tonight at 8 in the
evening. The candlelight ceremony
will be presented in Lane Hall of
the Medical School in San Francisco.
Capping will culminate the three
and - one - half - month probation
ary or trial period of the freshman

students. At this time, each "pro
bie" is given the Stanford cap to
wear as a symbol of her skill and
responsibility.
An open house following the cer
emony will be held in the Nurses'
Residence, 2340 Clay Street. All in
terested are cordially invited to at
tend.
Stanford University School of
Nudrsing will hold its annual cap
ping exercises tonight at 8 in the
evening. The candlelight ceremony
will be presented in Lane Hall of
the Medical School in San Francisco.
Capping will culminate the three
and - one - half - month probation
ary or trial period of the freshman

students. At this time, each "pro
bie" is given the Stanford cap to
wear as a symbol of her skill and
responsibility.
An open house following the cer
emony will be held in the Nurses'
Residence, 2340 Clay Street. All in
terested are cordially invited to at
tend.
Stanford University School of
Nudrsing will hold its annual cap
ping exercises tonight at 8 in the
evening. The candlelight ceremony
will be presented in Lane Hall of
the Medical School in San Francisco.
Capping will culminate the three
and - one - half - month probation
ary or trial period of the freshman

students. At this time, each "pro
bie" is given the Stanford cap to
wear as a symbol of her skill and
responsibility.
An open house following the cer
emony will be held in the Nurses'
Residence, 2340 Clay Street. All in
terested are cordially invited to at
tend.
Stanford University School of
Nudrsing will hold its annual cap
ping exercises tonight at 8 in the
evening. The candlelight ceremony
will be presented in Lane Hall of
the Medical School in San Francisco.
Capping will culminate the three
and - one - half - month probation
ary or trial period of the freshman

students. At this time, each "pro
bie" is given the Stanford cap to
wear as a symbol of her skill and
responsibility.
An open house following the cer
emony will be held in the Nurses'
Residence, 2340 Clay Street. All in
terested are cordially invited to at
tend.
Stanford University School of
Nudrsing will hold its annual cap
ping exercises tonight at 8 in the
evening. The candlelight ceremony
will be presented in Lane Hall of
the Medical School in San Francisco.
Capping will culminate the three
and - one - half - month probation
ary or trial period of the freshman

students. At this time, each "pro
bie" is given the Stanford cap to
wear as a symbol of her skill and
responsibility.
An open house following the cer
emony will be held in the Nurses'
Residence, 2340 Clay Street. All in
terested are cordially invited to at
tend.
Stanford University School of
Nudrsing will hold its annual cap
ping exercises tonight at 8 in the
evening. The candlelight ceremony
will be presented in Lane Hall of
the Medical School in San Francisco.
Capping will culminate the three
and - one - half - month probation
ary or trial period of the freshman

students. At this time, each "pro
bie" is given the Stanford cap to
wear as a symbol of her skill and
responsibility.
An open house following the cer
emony will be held in the Nurses'
Residence, 2340 Clay Street. All in
terested are cordially invited to at
tend.
Stanford University School of
Nudrsing will hold its annual cap
ping exercises tonight at 8 in the
evening. The candlelight ceremony
will be presented in Lane Hall of
the Medical School in San Francisco.
Capping will culminate the three
and - one - half - month probation
ary or trial period of the freshman

students. At this time, each "pro
bie" is given the Stanford cap to
wear as a symbol of her skill and
responsibility.
An open house following the cer
emony will be held in the Nurses'
Residence, 2340 Clay Street. All in
terested are cordially invited to at
tend.
Stanford University School of
Nudrsing will hold its annual cap
ping exercises tonight at 8 in the
evening. The candlelight ceremony
will be presented in Lane Hall of
the Medical School in San Francisco.
Capping will culminate the three
and - one - half - month probation
ary or trial period of the freshman

students. At this time, each "pro
bie" is given the Stanford cap to
wear as a symbol of her skill and
responsibility.
An open house following the cer
emony will be held in the Nurses'
Residence, 2340 Clay Street. All in
terested are cordially invited to at
tend.
Stanford University School of
Nudrsing will hold its annual cap
ping exercises tonight at 8 in the
evening. The candlelight ceremony
will be presented in Lane Hall of
the Medical School in San Francisco.
Capping will culminate the three
and - one - half - month probation
ary or trial period of the freshman

students. At this time, each "pro
bie" is given the Stanford cap to
wear as a symbol of her skill and
responsibility.
An open house following the cer
emony will be held in the Nurses'
Residence, 2340 Clay Street. All in
terested are cordially invited to at
tend.
Stanford University School of
Nudrsing will hold its annual cap
ping exercises tonight at 8 in the
evening. The candlelight ceremony
will be presented in Lane Hall of
the Medical School in San Francisco.
Capping will culminate the three
and - one - half - month probation
ary or trial period of the freshman

students. At this time, each "pro
bie" is given the Stanford cap to
wear as a symbol of her skill and
responsibility.
An open house following the cer
emony will be held in the Nurses'
Residence, 2340 Clay Street. All in
terested are cordially invited to at
tend.
Stanford University School of
Nudrsing will hold its annual cap
ping exercises tonight at 8 in the
evening. The candlelight ceremony
will be presented in Lane Hall of
the Medical School in San Francisco.
Capping will culminate the three
and - one - half - month probation
ary or trial period of the freshman

students. At this time, each "pro
bie" is given the Stanford cap to
wear as a symbol of her skill and
responsibility.
An open house following the cer
emony will be held in the Nurses'
Residence, 2340 Clay Street. All in
terested are cordially invited to at
tend.
Stanford University School of
Nudrsing will hold its annual cap
ping exercises tonight at 8 in the
evening. The candlelight ceremony
will be presented in Lane Hall of
the Medical School in San Francisco.
Capping will culminate the three
and - one - half - month probation
ary or trial period of the freshman

students. At this time, each "pro
bie" is given the Stanford cap to
wear as a symbol of her skill and
responsibility.
An open house following the cer
emony will be held in the Nurses'
Residence, 2340 Clay Street. All in
terested are cordially invited to at
tend.
Stanford University School of
Nudrsing will hold its annual cap
ping exercises tonight at 8 in the
evening. The candlelight ceremony
will be presented in Lane Hall of
the Medical School in San Francisco.
Capping will culminate the three
and - one - half - month probation
ary or trial period of the freshman

students. At this time, each "pro
bie" is given the Stanford cap to
wear as a symbol of her skill and
responsibility.
An open house following the cer
emony will be held in the Nurses'
Residence, 2340 Clay Street. All in
terested are cordially invited to at
tend.
