# 1953â€”1954 Graduate Grants Now Available
## 
### 
Students wishing to apply for
graduate scholarships and fellow
ships for the academic year 1953-
54 inay secure application blanks
from Room 111-M, Registrar's Of
tice. Applicants must submit com
pleted blanks by Feb. 15 in order
to be eligible for awards.
A spokesman for the Graduate
Study Committee said yesterday
that the committee will not con
sider any application submitted
after Feb. 15.
Students wishing to apply for
graduate scholarships and fellow
ships for the academic year 1953-
54 inay secure application blanks
from Room 111-M, Registrar's Of
tice. Applicants must submit com
pleted blanks by Feb. 15 in order
to be eligible for awards.
A spokesman for the Graduate
Study Committee said yesterday
that the committee will not con
sider any application submitted
after Feb. 15.
Students wishing to apply for
graduate scholarships and fellow
ships for the academic year 1953-
54 inay secure application blanks
from Room 111-M, Registrar's Of
tice. Applicants must submit com
pleted blanks by Feb. 15 in order
to be eligible for awards.
A spokesman for the Graduate
Study Committee said yesterday
that the committee will not con
sider any application submitted
after Feb. 15.
Students wishing to apply for
graduate scholarships and fellow
ships for the academic year 1953-
54 inay secure application blanks
from Room 111-M, Registrar's Of
tice. Applicants must submit com
pleted blanks by Feb. 15 in order
to be eligible for awards.
A spokesman for the Graduate
Study Committee said yesterday
that the committee will not con
sider any application submitted
after Feb. 15.
Students wishing to apply for
graduate scholarships and fellow
ships for the academic year 1953-
54 inay secure application blanks
from Room 111-M, Registrar's Of
tice. Applicants must submit com
pleted blanks by Feb. 15 in order
to be eligible for awards.
A spokesman for the Graduate
Study Committee said yesterday
that the committee will not con
sider any application submitted
after Feb. 15.
Students wishing to apply for
graduate scholarships and fellow
ships for the academic year 1953-
54 inay secure application blanks
from Room 111-M, Registrar's Of
tice. Applicants must submit com
pleted blanks by Feb. 15 in order
to be eligible for awards.
A spokesman for the Graduate
Study Committee said yesterday
that the committee will not con
sider any application submitted
after Feb. 15.
Students wishing to apply for
graduate scholarships and fellow
ships for the academic year 1953-
54 inay secure application blanks
from Room 111-M, Registrar's Of
tice. Applicants must submit com
pleted blanks by Feb. 15 in order
to be eligible for awards.
A spokesman for the Graduate
Study Committee said yesterday
that the committee will not con
sider any application submitted
after Feb. 15.
Students wishing to apply for
graduate scholarships and fellow
ships for the academic year 1953-
54 inay secure application blanks
from Room 111-M, Registrar's Of
tice. Applicants must submit com
pleted blanks by Feb. 15 in order
to be eligible for awards.
A spokesman for the Graduate
Study Committee said yesterday
that the committee will not con
sider any application submitted
after Feb. 15.
Students wishing to apply for
graduate scholarships and fellow
ships for the academic year 1953-
54 inay secure application blanks
from Room 111-M, Registrar's Of
tice. Applicants must submit com
pleted blanks by Feb. 15 in order
to be eligible for awards.
A spokesman for the Graduate
Study Committee said yesterday
that the committee will not con
sider any application submitted
after Feb. 15.
Students wishing to apply for
graduate scholarships and fellow
ships for the academic year 1953-
54 inay secure application blanks
from Room 111-M, Registrar's Of
tice. Applicants must submit com
pleted blanks by Feb. 15 in order
to be eligible for awards.
A spokesman for the Graduate
Study Committee said yesterday
that the committee will not con
sider any application submitted
after Feb. 15.
Students wishing to apply for
graduate scholarships and fellow
ships for the academic year 1953-
54 inay secure application blanks
from Room 111-M, Registrar's Of
tice. Applicants must submit com
pleted blanks by Feb. 15 in order
to be eligible for awards.
A spokesman for the Graduate
Study Committee said yesterday
that the committee will not con
sider any application submitted
after Feb. 15.
Students wishing to apply for
graduate scholarships and fellow
ships for the academic year 1953-
54 inay secure application blanks
from Room 111-M, Registrar's Of
tice. Applicants must submit com
pleted blanks by Feb. 15 in order
to be eligible for awards.
A spokesman for the Graduate
Study Committee said yesterday
that the committee will not con
sider any application submitted
after Feb. 15.
Students wishing to apply for
graduate scholarships and fellow
ships for the academic year 1953-
54 inay secure application blanks
from Room 111-M, Registrar's Of
tice. Applicants must submit com
pleted blanks by Feb. 15 in order
to be eligible for awards.
A spokesman for the Graduate
Study Committee said yesterday
that the committee will not con
sider any application submitted
after Feb. 15.
Students wishing to apply for
graduate scholarships and fellow
ships for the academic year 1953-
54 inay secure application blanks
from Room 111-M, Registrar's Of
tice. Applicants must submit com
pleted blanks by Feb. 15 in order
to be eligible for awards.
A spokesman for the Graduate
Study Committee said yesterday
that the committee will not con
sider any application submitted
after Feb. 15.
Students wishing to apply for
graduate scholarships and fellow
ships for the academic year 1953-
54 inay secure application blanks
from Room 111-M, Registrar's Of
tice. Applicants must submit com
pleted blanks by Feb. 15 in order
to be eligible for awards.
A spokesman for the Graduate
Study Committee said yesterday
that the committee will not con
sider any application submitted
after Feb. 15.
