# University Bulletin.
## 
### 
Friday.
Election of baseball captain, room
10, 1:80.
Geological lecture, Dr. J. C. Mer
riam, Chemistry lecture room,
7:30.
Sophomore-Freshman debate, chap
el, 7:30.
Saturday.
Intercollegiate tennis, California
courts, San Francisco, 9:30.
Second Antigone performance, As
sembly Hall, 11:00.
Intercollegiate field meet, oval,
2:00.
Musical Clubs' concert, Assembly
Hall, 8:00.
Friday.
Election of baseball captain, room
10, 1:80.
Geological lecture, Dr. J. C. Mer
riam, Chemistry lecture room,
7:30.
Sophomore-Freshman debate, chap
el, 7:30.
Saturday.
Intercollegiate tennis, California
courts, San Francisco, 9:30.
Second Antigone performance, As
sembly Hall, 11:00.
Intercollegiate field meet, oval,
2:00.
Musical Clubs' concert, Assembly
Hall, 8:00.
Friday.
Election of baseball captain, room
10, 1:80.
Geological lecture, Dr. J. C. Mer
riam, Chemistry lecture room,
7:30.
Sophomore-Freshman debate, chap
el, 7:30.
Saturday.
Intercollegiate tennis, California
courts, San Francisco, 9:30.
Second Antigone performance, As
sembly Hall, 11:00.
Intercollegiate field meet, oval,
2:00.
Musical Clubs' concert, Assembly
Hall, 8:00.
Friday.
Election of baseball captain, room
10, 1:80.
Geological lecture, Dr. J. C. Mer
riam, Chemistry lecture room,
7:30.
Sophomore-Freshman debate, chap
el, 7:30.
Saturday.
Intercollegiate tennis, California
courts, San Francisco, 9:30.
Second Antigone performance, As
sembly Hall, 11:00.
Intercollegiate field meet, oval,
2:00.
Musical Clubs' concert, Assembly
Hall, 8:00.
Friday.
Election of baseball captain, room
10, 1:80.
Geological lecture, Dr. J. C. Mer
riam, Chemistry lecture room,
7:30.
Sophomore-Freshman debate, chap
el, 7:30.
Saturday.
Intercollegiate tennis, California
courts, San Francisco, 9:30.
Second Antigone performance, As
sembly Hall, 11:00.
Intercollegiate field meet, oval,
2:00.
Musical Clubs' concert, Assembly
Hall, 8:00.
Friday.
Election of baseball captain, room
10, 1:80.
Geological lecture, Dr. J. C. Mer
riam, Chemistry lecture room,
7:30.
Sophomore-Freshman debate, chap
el, 7:30.
Saturday.
Intercollegiate tennis, California
courts, San Francisco, 9:30.
Second Antigone performance, As
sembly Hall, 11:00.
Intercollegiate field meet, oval,
2:00.
Musical Clubs' concert, Assembly
Hall, 8:00.
Friday.
Election of baseball captain, room
10, 1:80.
Geological lecture, Dr. J. C. Mer
riam, Chemistry lecture room,
7:30.
Sophomore-Freshman debate, chap
el, 7:30.
Saturday.
Intercollegiate tennis, California
courts, San Francisco, 9:30.
Second Antigone performance, As
sembly Hall, 11:00.
Intercollegiate field meet, oval,
2:00.
Musical Clubs' concert, Assembly
Hall, 8:00.
