# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—Franklin T. Schoti, '00, now
teaching in Los Angeles, is spend
ing a few days on (he campus.
—Franklin T. Schoti, '00, now
teaching in Los Angeles, is spend
ing a few days on (he campus.
—Franklin T. Schoti, '00, now
teaching in Los Angeles, is spend
ing a few days on (he campus.
—Franklin T. Schoti, '00, now
teaching in Los Angeles, is spend
ing a few days on (he campus.
—Franklin T. Schoti, '00, now
teaching in Los Angeles, is spend
ing a few days on (he campus.
—Franklin T. Schoti, '00, now
teaching in Los Angeles, is spend
ing a few days on (he campus.
—Franklin T. Schoti, '00, now
teaching in Los Angeles, is spend
ing a few days on (he campus.
