# Dr. Willis Presents Portrait of Irving
## 
### 
Dr. Bailey Willis, emeritus pro
fessor of geology, has presented a
mpzzjotint portrait of Sir Henry
Irving, English actor, to the de
partment of speech and drama, ac
cording to an announcement today
by Hubert Heffner, head of the de
partment.
Dr. Bailey Willis, emeritus pro
fessor of geology, has presented a
mpzzjotint portrait of Sir Henry
Irving, English actor, to the de
partment of speech and drama, ac
cording to an announcement today
by Hubert Heffner, head of the de
partment.
Dr. Bailey Willis, emeritus pro
fessor of geology, has presented a
mpzzjotint portrait of Sir Henry
Irving, English actor, to the de
partment of speech and drama, ac
cording to an announcement today
by Hubert Heffner, head of the de
partment.
Dr. Bailey Willis, emeritus pro
fessor of geology, has presented a
mpzzjotint portrait of Sir Henry
Irving, English actor, to the de
partment of speech and drama, ac
cording to an announcement today
by Hubert Heffner, head of the de
partment.
Dr. Bailey Willis, emeritus pro
fessor of geology, has presented a
mpzzjotint portrait of Sir Henry
Irving, English actor, to the de
partment of speech and drama, ac
cording to an announcement today
by Hubert Heffner, head of the de
partment.
Dr. Bailey Willis, emeritus pro
fessor of geology, has presented a
mpzzjotint portrait of Sir Henry
Irving, English actor, to the de
partment of speech and drama, ac
cording to an announcement today
by Hubert Heffner, head of the de
partment.
Dr. Bailey Willis, emeritus pro
fessor of geology, has presented a
mpzzjotint portrait of Sir Henry
Irving, English actor, to the de
partment of speech and drama, ac
cording to an announcement today
by Hubert Heffner, head of the de
partment.
Dr. Bailey Willis, emeritus pro
fessor of geology, has presented a
mpzzjotint portrait of Sir Henry
Irving, English actor, to the de
partment of speech and drama, ac
cording to an announcement today
by Hubert Heffner, head of the de
partment.
Dr. Bailey Willis, emeritus pro
fessor of geology, has presented a
mpzzjotint portrait of Sir Henry
Irving, English actor, to the de
partment of speech and drama, ac
cording to an announcement today
by Hubert Heffner, head of the de
partment.
Dr. Bailey Willis, emeritus pro
fessor of geology, has presented a
mpzzjotint portrait of Sir Henry
Irving, English actor, to the de
partment of speech and drama, ac
cording to an announcement today
by Hubert Heffner, head of the de
partment.
Dr. Bailey Willis, emeritus pro
fessor of geology, has presented a
mpzzjotint portrait of Sir Henry
Irving, English actor, to the de
partment of speech and drama, ac
cording to an announcement today
by Hubert Heffner, head of the de
partment.
Dr. Bailey Willis, emeritus pro
fessor of geology, has presented a
mpzzjotint portrait of Sir Henry
Irving, English actor, to the de
partment of speech and drama, ac
cording to an announcement today
by Hubert Heffner, head of the de
partment.
Dr. Bailey Willis, emeritus pro
fessor of geology, has presented a
mpzzjotint portrait of Sir Henry
Irving, English actor, to the de
partment of speech and drama, ac
cording to an announcement today
by Hubert Heffner, head of the de
partment.
Dr. Bailey Willis, emeritus pro
fessor of geology, has presented a
mpzzjotint portrait of Sir Henry
Irving, English actor, to the de
partment of speech and drama, ac
cording to an announcement today
by Hubert Heffner, head of the de
partment.
Dr. Bailey Willis, emeritus pro
fessor of geology, has presented a
mpzzjotint portrait of Sir Henry
Irving, English actor, to the de
partment of speech and drama, ac
cording to an announcement today
by Hubert Heffner, head of the de
partment.
Dr. Bailey Willis, emeritus pro
fessor of geology, has presented a
mpzzjotint portrait of Sir Henry
Irving, English actor, to the de
partment of speech and drama, ac
cording to an announcement today
by Hubert Heffner, head of the de
partment.
Dr. Bailey Willis, emeritus pro
fessor of geology, has presented a
mpzzjotint portrait of Sir Henry
Irving, English actor, to the de
partment of speech and drama, ac
cording to an announcement today
by Hubert Heffner, head of the de
partment.
Dr. Bailey Willis, emeritus pro
fessor of geology, has presented a
mpzzjotint portrait of Sir Henry
Irving, English actor, to the de
partment of speech and drama, ac
cording to an announcement today
by Hubert Heffner, head of the de
partment.
