# BEARS BLOCK BETTER
## 
### 
BERKELEY. Oct. 14 (UP).—Cali
fornia's varsity football team scrim
maged against the freshmen and
Ramblers today. Coach Stub Allison
said the first siring displayed the
"best blocking in weeks." Allison
planned to drill the men wilh a wet
ball because rain was forecast for
Portland, scene of California's game
with Oregon next week.
BERKELEY. Oct. 14 (UP).—Cali
fornia's varsity football team scrim
maged against the freshmen and
Ramblers today. Coach Stub Allison
said the first siring displayed the
"best blocking in weeks." Allison
planned to drill the men wilh a wet
ball because rain was forecast for
Portland, scene of California's game
with Oregon next week.
BERKELEY. Oct. 14 (UP).—Cali
fornia's varsity football team scrim
maged against the freshmen and
Ramblers today. Coach Stub Allison
said the first siring displayed the
"best blocking in weeks." Allison
planned to drill the men wilh a wet
ball because rain was forecast for
Portland, scene of California's game
with Oregon next week.
BERKELEY. Oct. 14 (UP).—Cali
fornia's varsity football team scrim
maged against the freshmen and
Ramblers today. Coach Stub Allison
said the first siring displayed the
"best blocking in weeks." Allison
planned to drill the men wilh a wet
ball because rain was forecast for
Portland, scene of California's game
with Oregon next week.
BERKELEY. Oct. 14 (UP).—Cali
fornia's varsity football team scrim
maged against the freshmen and
Ramblers today. Coach Stub Allison
said the first siring displayed the
"best blocking in weeks." Allison
planned to drill the men wilh a wet
ball because rain was forecast for
Portland, scene of California's game
with Oregon next week.
BERKELEY. Oct. 14 (UP).—Cali
fornia's varsity football team scrim
maged against the freshmen and
Ramblers today. Coach Stub Allison
said the first siring displayed the
"best blocking in weeks." Allison
planned to drill the men wilh a wet
ball because rain was forecast for
Portland, scene of California's game
with Oregon next week.
BERKELEY. Oct. 14 (UP).—Cali
fornia's varsity football team scrim
maged against the freshmen and
Ramblers today. Coach Stub Allison
said the first siring displayed the
"best blocking in weeks." Allison
planned to drill the men wilh a wet
ball because rain was forecast for
Portland, scene of California's game
with Oregon next week.
BERKELEY. Oct. 14 (UP).—Cali
fornia's varsity football team scrim
maged against the freshmen and
Ramblers today. Coach Stub Allison
said the first siring displayed the
"best blocking in weeks." Allison
planned to drill the men wilh a wet
ball because rain was forecast for
Portland, scene of California's game
with Oregon next week.
BERKELEY. Oct. 14 (UP).—Cali
fornia's varsity football team scrim
maged against the freshmen and
Ramblers today. Coach Stub Allison
said the first siring displayed the
"best blocking in weeks." Allison
planned to drill the men wilh a wet
ball because rain was forecast for
Portland, scene of California's game
with Oregon next week.
BERKELEY. Oct. 14 (UP).—Cali
fornia's varsity football team scrim
maged against the freshmen and
Ramblers today. Coach Stub Allison
said the first siring displayed the
"best blocking in weeks." Allison
planned to drill the men wilh a wet
ball because rain was forecast for
Portland, scene of California's game
with Oregon next week.
BERKELEY. Oct. 14 (UP).—Cali
fornia's varsity football team scrim
maged against the freshmen and
Ramblers today. Coach Stub Allison
said the first siring displayed the
"best blocking in weeks." Allison
planned to drill the men wilh a wet
ball because rain was forecast for
Portland, scene of California's game
with Oregon next week.
BERKELEY. Oct. 14 (UP).—Cali
fornia's varsity football team scrim
maged against the freshmen and
Ramblers today. Coach Stub Allison
said the first siring displayed the
"best blocking in weeks." Allison
planned to drill the men wilh a wet
ball because rain was forecast for
Portland, scene of California's game
with Oregon next week.
BERKELEY. Oct. 14 (UP).—Cali
fornia's varsity football team scrim
maged against the freshmen and
Ramblers today. Coach Stub Allison
said the first siring displayed the
"best blocking in weeks." Allison
planned to drill the men wilh a wet
ball because rain was forecast for
Portland, scene of California's game
with Oregon next week.
BERKELEY. Oct. 14 (UP).—Cali
fornia's varsity football team scrim
maged against the freshmen and
Ramblers today. Coach Stub Allison
said the first siring displayed the
"best blocking in weeks." Allison
planned to drill the men wilh a wet
ball because rain was forecast for
Portland, scene of California's game
with Oregon next week.
BERKELEY. Oct. 14 (UP).—Cali
fornia's varsity football team scrim
maged against the freshmen and
Ramblers today. Coach Stub Allison
said the first siring displayed the
"best blocking in weeks." Allison
planned to drill the men wilh a wet
ball because rain was forecast for
Portland, scene of California's game
with Oregon next week.
BERKELEY. Oct. 14 (UP).—Cali
fornia's varsity football team scrim
maged against the freshmen and
Ramblers today. Coach Stub Allison
said the first siring displayed the
"best blocking in weeks." Allison
planned to drill the men wilh a wet
ball because rain was forecast for
Portland, scene of California's game
with Oregon next week.
BERKELEY. Oct. 14 (UP).—Cali
fornia's varsity football team scrim
maged against the freshmen and
Ramblers today. Coach Stub Allison
said the first siring displayed the
"best blocking in weeks." Allison
planned to drill the men wilh a wet
ball because rain was forecast for
Portland, scene of California's game
with Oregon next week.
BERKELEY. Oct. 14 (UP).—Cali
fornia's varsity football team scrim
maged against the freshmen and
Ramblers today. Coach Stub Allison
said the first siring displayed the
"best blocking in weeks." Allison
planned to drill the men wilh a wet
ball because rain was forecast for
Portland, scene of California's game
with Oregon next week.
