# W.S.C. GOES SOUTH
## 
### 
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 14 (UP).—
Thirty Washington State football
players left tonight for Los Angeles
and their game with Southern Cali
fornia Saturday.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 14 (UP).—
Thirty Washington State football
players left tonight for Los Angeles
and their game with Southern Cali
fornia Saturday.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 14 (UP).—
Thirty Washington State football
players left tonight for Los Angeles
and their game with Southern Cali
fornia Saturday.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 14 (UP).—
Thirty Washington State football
players left tonight for Los Angeles
and their game with Southern Cali
fornia Saturday.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 14 (UP).—
Thirty Washington State football
players left tonight for Los Angeles
and their game with Southern Cali
fornia Saturday.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 14 (UP).—
Thirty Washington State football
players left tonight for Los Angeles
and their game with Southern Cali
fornia Saturday.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 14 (UP).—
Thirty Washington State football
players left tonight for Los Angeles
and their game with Southern Cali
fornia Saturday.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 14 (UP).—
Thirty Washington State football
players left tonight for Los Angeles
and their game with Southern Cali
fornia Saturday.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 14 (UP).—
Thirty Washington State football
players left tonight for Los Angeles
and their game with Southern Cali
fornia Saturday.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 14 (UP).—
Thirty Washington State football
players left tonight for Los Angeles
and their game with Southern Cali
fornia Saturday.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 14 (UP).—
Thirty Washington State football
players left tonight for Los Angeles
and their game with Southern Cali
fornia Saturday.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 14 (UP).—
Thirty Washington State football
players left tonight for Los Angeles
and their game with Southern Cali
fornia Saturday.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 14 (UP).—
Thirty Washington State football
players left tonight for Los Angeles
and their game with Southern Cali
fornia Saturday.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 14 (UP).—
Thirty Washington State football
players left tonight for Los Angeles
and their game with Southern Cali
fornia Saturday.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 14 (UP).—
Thirty Washington State football
players left tonight for Los Angeles
and their game with Southern Cali
fornia Saturday.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 14 (UP).—
Thirty Washington State football
players left tonight for Los Angeles
and their game with Southern Cali
fornia Saturday.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 14 (UP).—
Thirty Washington State football
players left tonight for Los Angeles
and their game with Southern Cali
fornia Saturday.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 14 (UP).—
Thirty Washington State football
players left tonight for Los Angeles
and their game with Southern Cali
fornia Saturday.
