# Quad Soph Queries Jackson's Status
## 
### 
Despite the number of times that
Student Body President George
Jackson's name has hit Daily
headlines, his fame is apparently
still unknown within the Quad
stalT.
Accompanied by a group of
prominent campus officials, Jack
sen walked over to the Quad yes
terday afternoon to pose for group
pictures to he used in the annual.
Looking the group over for iden
tification, a sophomore Quad pho
tographer pointed to Jackson and
queried, "What is he important
for?"
Despite the number of times that
Student Body President George
Jackson's name has hit Daily
headlines, his fame is apparently
still unknown within the Quad
stalT.
Accompanied by a group of
prominent campus officials, Jack
sen walked over to the Quad yes
terday afternoon to pose for group
pictures to he used in the annual.
Looking the group over for iden
tification, a sophomore Quad pho
tographer pointed to Jackson and
queried, "What is he important
for?"
Despite the number of times that
Student Body President George
Jackson's name has hit Daily
headlines, his fame is apparently
still unknown within the Quad
stalT.
Accompanied by a group of
prominent campus officials, Jack
sen walked over to the Quad yes
terday afternoon to pose for group
pictures to he used in the annual.
Looking the group over for iden
tification, a sophomore Quad pho
tographer pointed to Jackson and
queried, "What is he important
for?"
Despite the number of times that
Student Body President George
Jackson's name has hit Daily
headlines, his fame is apparently
still unknown within the Quad
stalT.
Accompanied by a group of
prominent campus officials, Jack
sen walked over to the Quad yes
terday afternoon to pose for group
pictures to he used in the annual.
Looking the group over for iden
tification, a sophomore Quad pho
tographer pointed to Jackson and
queried, "What is he important
for?"
Despite the number of times that
Student Body President George
Jackson's name has hit Daily
headlines, his fame is apparently
still unknown within the Quad
stalT.
Accompanied by a group of
prominent campus officials, Jack
sen walked over to the Quad yes
terday afternoon to pose for group
pictures to he used in the annual.
Looking the group over for iden
tification, a sophomore Quad pho
tographer pointed to Jackson and
queried, "What is he important
for?"
Despite the number of times that
Student Body President George
Jackson's name has hit Daily
headlines, his fame is apparently
still unknown within the Quad
stalT.
Accompanied by a group of
prominent campus officials, Jack
sen walked over to the Quad yes
terday afternoon to pose for group
pictures to he used in the annual.
Looking the group over for iden
tification, a sophomore Quad pho
tographer pointed to Jackson and
queried, "What is he important
for?"
Despite the number of times that
Student Body President George
Jackson's name has hit Daily
headlines, his fame is apparently
still unknown within the Quad
stalT.
Accompanied by a group of
prominent campus officials, Jack
sen walked over to the Quad yes
terday afternoon to pose for group
pictures to he used in the annual.
Looking the group over for iden
tification, a sophomore Quad pho
tographer pointed to Jackson and
queried, "What is he important
for?"
Despite the number of times that
Student Body President George
Jackson's name has hit Daily
headlines, his fame is apparently
still unknown within the Quad
stalT.
Accompanied by a group of
prominent campus officials, Jack
sen walked over to the Quad yes
terday afternoon to pose for group
pictures to he used in the annual.
Looking the group over for iden
tification, a sophomore Quad pho
tographer pointed to Jackson and
queried, "What is he important
for?"
Despite the number of times that
Student Body President George
Jackson's name has hit Daily
headlines, his fame is apparently
still unknown within the Quad
stalT.
Accompanied by a group of
prominent campus officials, Jack
sen walked over to the Quad yes
terday afternoon to pose for group
pictures to he used in the annual.
Looking the group over for iden
tification, a sophomore Quad pho
tographer pointed to Jackson and
queried, "What is he important
for?"
Despite the number of times that
Student Body President George
Jackson's name has hit Daily
headlines, his fame is apparently
still unknown within the Quad
stalT.
Accompanied by a group of
prominent campus officials, Jack
sen walked over to the Quad yes
terday afternoon to pose for group
pictures to he used in the annual.
Looking the group over for iden
tification, a sophomore Quad pho
tographer pointed to Jackson and
queried, "What is he important
for?"
Despite the number of times that
Student Body President George
Jackson's name has hit Daily
headlines, his fame is apparently
still unknown within the Quad
stalT.
Accompanied by a group of
prominent campus officials, Jack
sen walked over to the Quad yes
terday afternoon to pose for group
pictures to he used in the annual.
Looking the group over for iden
tification, a sophomore Quad pho
tographer pointed to Jackson and
queried, "What is he important
for?"
Despite the number of times that
Student Body President George
Jackson's name has hit Daily
headlines, his fame is apparently
still unknown within the Quad
stalT.
Accompanied by a group of
prominent campus officials, Jack
sen walked over to the Quad yes
terday afternoon to pose for group
pictures to he used in the annual.
Looking the group over for iden
tification, a sophomore Quad pho
tographer pointed to Jackson and
queried, "What is he important
for?"
Despite the number of times that
Student Body President George
Jackson's name has hit Daily
headlines, his fame is apparently
still unknown within the Quad
stalT.
Accompanied by a group of
prominent campus officials, Jack
sen walked over to the Quad yes
terday afternoon to pose for group
pictures to he used in the annual.
Looking the group over for iden
tification, a sophomore Quad pho
tographer pointed to Jackson and
queried, "What is he important
for?"
Despite the number of times that
Student Body President George
Jackson's name has hit Daily
headlines, his fame is apparently
still unknown within the Quad
stalT.
Accompanied by a group of
prominent campus officials, Jack
sen walked over to the Quad yes
terday afternoon to pose for group
pictures to he used in the annual.
Looking the group over for iden
tification, a sophomore Quad pho
tographer pointed to Jackson and
queried, "What is he important
for?"
Despite the number of times that
Student Body President George
Jackson's name has hit Daily
headlines, his fame is apparently
still unknown within the Quad
stalT.
Accompanied by a group of
prominent campus officials, Jack
sen walked over to the Quad yes
terday afternoon to pose for group
pictures to he used in the annual.
Looking the group over for iden
tification, a sophomore Quad pho
tographer pointed to Jackson and
queried, "What is he important
for?"
Despite the number of times that
Student Body President George
Jackson's name has hit Daily
headlines, his fame is apparently
still unknown within the Quad
stalT.
Accompanied by a group of
prominent campus officials, Jack
sen walked over to the Quad yes
terday afternoon to pose for group
pictures to he used in the annual.
Looking the group over for iden
tification, a sophomore Quad pho
tographer pointed to Jackson and
queried, "What is he important
for?"
Despite the number of times that
Student Body President George
Jackson's name has hit Daily
headlines, his fame is apparently
still unknown within the Quad
stalT.
Accompanied by a group of
prominent campus officials, Jack
sen walked over to the Quad yes
terday afternoon to pose for group
pictures to he used in the annual.
Looking the group over for iden
tification, a sophomore Quad pho
tographer pointed to Jackson and
queried, "What is he important
for?"
Despite the number of times that
Student Body President George
Jackson's name has hit Daily
headlines, his fame is apparently
still unknown within the Quad
stalT.
Accompanied by a group of
prominent campus officials, Jack
sen walked over to the Quad yes
terday afternoon to pose for group
pictures to he used in the annual.
Looking the group over for iden
tification, a sophomore Quad pho
tographer pointed to Jackson and
queried, "What is he important
for?"
