# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
1 Puzzled?
Perplexed?
H Feel like you're hexed? §
Hj Nothing wrong with rcj
you that some
new clothes
I ROOS BROS. -
won't fix up
I Ssw* I
1 Puzzled?
Perplexed?
H Feel like you're hexed? §
Hj Nothing wrong with rcj
you that some
new clothes
I ROOS BROS. -
won't fix up
I Ssw* I
1 Puzzled?
Perplexed?
H Feel like you're hexed? §
Hj Nothing wrong with rcj
you that some
new clothes
I ROOS BROS. -
won't fix up
I Ssw* I
1 Puzzled?
Perplexed?
H Feel like you're hexed? §
Hj Nothing wrong with rcj
you that some
new clothes
I ROOS BROS. -
won't fix up
I Ssw* I
1 Puzzled?
Perplexed?
H Feel like you're hexed? §
Hj Nothing wrong with rcj
you that some
new clothes
I ROOS BROS. -
won't fix up
I Ssw* I
1 Puzzled?
Perplexed?
H Feel like you're hexed? §
Hj Nothing wrong with rcj
you that some
new clothes
I ROOS BROS. -
won't fix up
I Ssw* I
1 Puzzled?
Perplexed?
H Feel like you're hexed? §
Hj Nothing wrong with rcj
you that some
new clothes
I ROOS BROS. -
won't fix up
I Ssw* I
1 Puzzled?
Perplexed?
H Feel like you're hexed? §
Hj Nothing wrong with rcj
you that some
new clothes
I ROOS BROS. -
won't fix up
I Ssw* I
1 Puzzled?
Perplexed?
H Feel like you're hexed? §
Hj Nothing wrong with rcj
you that some
new clothes
I ROOS BROS. -
won't fix up
I Ssw* I
1 Puzzled?
Perplexed?
H Feel like you're hexed? §
Hj Nothing wrong with rcj
you that some
new clothes
I ROOS BROS. -
won't fix up
I Ssw* I
1 Puzzled?
Perplexed?
H Feel like you're hexed? §
Hj Nothing wrong with rcj
you that some
new clothes
I ROOS BROS. -
won't fix up
I Ssw* I
1 Puzzled?
Perplexed?
H Feel like you're hexed? §
Hj Nothing wrong with rcj
you that some
new clothes
I ROOS BROS. -
won't fix up
I Ssw* I
1 Puzzled?
Perplexed?
H Feel like you're hexed? §
Hj Nothing wrong with rcj
you that some
new clothes
I ROOS BROS. -
won't fix up
I Ssw* I
1 Puzzled?
Perplexed?
H Feel like you're hexed? §
Hj Nothing wrong with rcj
you that some
new clothes
I ROOS BROS. -
won't fix up
I Ssw* I
1 Puzzled?
Perplexed?
H Feel like you're hexed? §
Hj Nothing wrong with rcj
you that some
new clothes
I ROOS BROS. -
won't fix up
I Ssw* I
