# TENNIS SCORES DUE TODAY
## 
### 
All first-round matches of the
tennis singles tournament must be
played by today at 5 p.m. All play
ers must post their scores in the
men's or women's gym by this time.
All first-round matches of the
tennis singles tournament must be
played by today at 5 p.m. All play
ers must post their scores in the
men's or women's gym by this time.
All first-round matches of the
tennis singles tournament must be
played by today at 5 p.m. All play
ers must post their scores in the
men's or women's gym by this time.
All first-round matches of the
tennis singles tournament must be
played by today at 5 p.m. All play
ers must post their scores in the
men's or women's gym by this time.
All first-round matches of the
tennis singles tournament must be
played by today at 5 p.m. All play
ers must post their scores in the
men's or women's gym by this time.
All first-round matches of the
tennis singles tournament must be
played by today at 5 p.m. All play
ers must post their scores in the
men's or women's gym by this time.
All first-round matches of the
tennis singles tournament must be
played by today at 5 p.m. All play
ers must post their scores in the
men's or women's gym by this time.
All first-round matches of the
tennis singles tournament must be
played by today at 5 p.m. All play
ers must post their scores in the
men's or women's gym by this time.
All first-round matches of the
tennis singles tournament must be
played by today at 5 p.m. All play
ers must post their scores in the
men's or women's gym by this time.
All first-round matches of the
tennis singles tournament must be
played by today at 5 p.m. All play
ers must post their scores in the
men's or women's gym by this time.
All first-round matches of the
tennis singles tournament must be
played by today at 5 p.m. All play
ers must post their scores in the
men's or women's gym by this time.
All first-round matches of the
tennis singles tournament must be
played by today at 5 p.m. All play
ers must post their scores in the
men's or women's gym by this time.
All first-round matches of the
tennis singles tournament must be
played by today at 5 p.m. All play
ers must post their scores in the
men's or women's gym by this time.
All first-round matches of the
tennis singles tournament must be
played by today at 5 p.m. All play
ers must post their scores in the
men's or women's gym by this time.
All first-round matches of the
tennis singles tournament must be
played by today at 5 p.m. All play
ers must post their scores in the
men's or women's gym by this time.
