# MORE HARDING POSTAGE STAMPS TO BE PRINTED
## 
### 
One billion additional Harding me
morial stamps were ordered printed

yesterday by Postmaster General New.
Two lots of 300,000,000 already have
been printed. The stamps are of two
cent denominations.
One billion additional Harding me
morial stamps were ordered printed

yesterday by Postmaster General New.
Two lots of 300,000,000 already have
been printed. The stamps are of two
cent denominations.
One billion additional Harding me
morial stamps were ordered printed

yesterday by Postmaster General New.
Two lots of 300,000,000 already have
been printed. The stamps are of two
cent denominations.
One billion additional Harding me
morial stamps were ordered printed

yesterday by Postmaster General New.
Two lots of 300,000,000 already have
been printed. The stamps are of two
cent denominations.
One billion additional Harding me
morial stamps were ordered printed

yesterday by Postmaster General New.
Two lots of 300,000,000 already have
been printed. The stamps are of two
cent denominations.
One billion additional Harding me
morial stamps were ordered printed

yesterday by Postmaster General New.
Two lots of 300,000,000 already have
been printed. The stamps are of two
cent denominations.
One billion additional Harding me
morial stamps were ordered printed

yesterday by Postmaster General New.
Two lots of 300,000,000 already have
been printed. The stamps are of two
cent denominations.
One billion additional Harding me
morial stamps were ordered printed

yesterday by Postmaster General New.
Two lots of 300,000,000 already have
been printed. The stamps are of two
cent denominations.
One billion additional Harding me
morial stamps were ordered printed

yesterday by Postmaster General New.
Two lots of 300,000,000 already have
been printed. The stamps are of two
cent denominations.
One billion additional Harding me
morial stamps were ordered printed

yesterday by Postmaster General New.
Two lots of 300,000,000 already have
been printed. The stamps are of two
cent denominations.
One billion additional Harding me
morial stamps were ordered printed

yesterday by Postmaster General New.
Two lots of 300,000,000 already have
been printed. The stamps are of two
cent denominations.
One billion additional Harding me
morial stamps were ordered printed

yesterday by Postmaster General New.
Two lots of 300,000,000 already have
been printed. The stamps are of two
cent denominations.
One billion additional Harding me
morial stamps were ordered printed

yesterday by Postmaster General New.
Two lots of 300,000,000 already have
been printed. The stamps are of two
cent denominations.
One billion additional Harding me
morial stamps were ordered printed

yesterday by Postmaster General New.
Two lots of 300,000,000 already have
been printed. The stamps are of two
cent denominations.
One billion additional Harding me
morial stamps were ordered printed

yesterday by Postmaster General New.
Two lots of 300,000,000 already have
been printed. The stamps are of two
cent denominations.
