# OPEN FORUM MARKS INITIAL MEETING OF YEAR FOR EUPHRONIA
## 
### 
Members of the Euphronia Debat
ing Society will hold their first meet
ing of the year tonight ni the Trophy
Room of the Old Union at 7:30. Visi
tors, especially from the. freshman
class, are welcome to attend and it is
hoped that all will take a part in the
Open Forum discussion which will be
part of the evening's prograih.
Euphronia members will open the
meeting with a few informal remarks
concerning their own organization, its
past history, and its immediate future
developments. The formal discussion
will be on the subject of Governor
Walton of Oklahoma and the Ku Klux
Klan.
Members of the Euphronia Debat
ing Society will hold their first meet
ing of the year tonight ni the Trophy
Room of the Old Union at 7:30. Visi
tors, especially from the. freshman
class, are welcome to attend and it is
hoped that all will take a part in the
Open Forum discussion which will be
part of the evening's prograih.
Euphronia members will open the
meeting with a few informal remarks
concerning their own organization, its
past history, and its immediate future
developments. The formal discussion
will be on the subject of Governor
Walton of Oklahoma and the Ku Klux
Klan.
Members of the Euphronia Debat
ing Society will hold their first meet
ing of the year tonight ni the Trophy
Room of the Old Union at 7:30. Visi
tors, especially from the. freshman
class, are welcome to attend and it is
hoped that all will take a part in the
Open Forum discussion which will be
part of the evening's prograih.
Euphronia members will open the
meeting with a few informal remarks
concerning their own organization, its
past history, and its immediate future
developments. The formal discussion
will be on the subject of Governor
Walton of Oklahoma and the Ku Klux
Klan.
Members of the Euphronia Debat
ing Society will hold their first meet
ing of the year tonight ni the Trophy
Room of the Old Union at 7:30. Visi
tors, especially from the. freshman
class, are welcome to attend and it is
hoped that all will take a part in the
Open Forum discussion which will be
part of the evening's prograih.
Euphronia members will open the
meeting with a few informal remarks
concerning their own organization, its
past history, and its immediate future
developments. The formal discussion
will be on the subject of Governor
Walton of Oklahoma and the Ku Klux
Klan.
Members of the Euphronia Debat
ing Society will hold their first meet
ing of the year tonight ni the Trophy
Room of the Old Union at 7:30. Visi
tors, especially from the. freshman
class, are welcome to attend and it is
hoped that all will take a part in the
Open Forum discussion which will be
part of the evening's prograih.
Euphronia members will open the
meeting with a few informal remarks
concerning their own organization, its
past history, and its immediate future
developments. The formal discussion
will be on the subject of Governor
Walton of Oklahoma and the Ku Klux
Klan.
Members of the Euphronia Debat
ing Society will hold their first meet
ing of the year tonight ni the Trophy
Room of the Old Union at 7:30. Visi
tors, especially from the. freshman
class, are welcome to attend and it is
hoped that all will take a part in the
Open Forum discussion which will be
part of the evening's prograih.
Euphronia members will open the
meeting with a few informal remarks
concerning their own organization, its
past history, and its immediate future
developments. The formal discussion
will be on the subject of Governor
Walton of Oklahoma and the Ku Klux
Klan.
Members of the Euphronia Debat
ing Society will hold their first meet
ing of the year tonight ni the Trophy
Room of the Old Union at 7:30. Visi
tors, especially from the. freshman
class, are welcome to attend and it is
hoped that all will take a part in the
Open Forum discussion which will be
part of the evening's prograih.
Euphronia members will open the
meeting with a few informal remarks
concerning their own organization, its
past history, and its immediate future
developments. The formal discussion
will be on the subject of Governor
Walton of Oklahoma and the Ku Klux
Klan.
Members of the Euphronia Debat
ing Society will hold their first meet
ing of the year tonight ni the Trophy
Room of the Old Union at 7:30. Visi
tors, especially from the. freshman
class, are welcome to attend and it is
hoped that all will take a part in the
Open Forum discussion which will be
part of the evening's prograih.
Euphronia members will open the
meeting with a few informal remarks
concerning their own organization, its
past history, and its immediate future
developments. The formal discussion
will be on the subject of Governor
Walton of Oklahoma and the Ku Klux
Klan.
Members of the Euphronia Debat
ing Society will hold their first meet
ing of the year tonight ni the Trophy
Room of the Old Union at 7:30. Visi
tors, especially from the. freshman
class, are welcome to attend and it is
hoped that all will take a part in the
Open Forum discussion which will be
part of the evening's prograih.
Euphronia members will open the
meeting with a few informal remarks
concerning their own organization, its
past history, and its immediate future
developments. The formal discussion
will be on the subject of Governor
Walton of Oklahoma and the Ku Klux
Klan.
Members of the Euphronia Debat
ing Society will hold their first meet
ing of the year tonight ni the Trophy
Room of the Old Union at 7:30. Visi
tors, especially from the. freshman
class, are welcome to attend and it is
hoped that all will take a part in the
Open Forum discussion which will be
part of the evening's prograih.
Euphronia members will open the
meeting with a few informal remarks
concerning their own organization, its
past history, and its immediate future
developments. The formal discussion
will be on the subject of Governor
Walton of Oklahoma and the Ku Klux
Klan.
Members of the Euphronia Debat
ing Society will hold their first meet
ing of the year tonight ni the Trophy
Room of the Old Union at 7:30. Visi
tors, especially from the. freshman
class, are welcome to attend and it is
hoped that all will take a part in the
Open Forum discussion which will be
part of the evening's prograih.
Euphronia members will open the
meeting with a few informal remarks
concerning their own organization, its
past history, and its immediate future
developments. The formal discussion
will be on the subject of Governor
Walton of Oklahoma and the Ku Klux
Klan.
Members of the Euphronia Debat
ing Society will hold their first meet
ing of the year tonight ni the Trophy
Room of the Old Union at 7:30. Visi
tors, especially from the. freshman
class, are welcome to attend and it is
hoped that all will take a part in the
Open Forum discussion which will be
part of the evening's prograih.
Euphronia members will open the
meeting with a few informal remarks
concerning their own organization, its
past history, and its immediate future
developments. The formal discussion
will be on the subject of Governor
Walton of Oklahoma and the Ku Klux
Klan.
Members of the Euphronia Debat
ing Society will hold their first meet
ing of the year tonight ni the Trophy
Room of the Old Union at 7:30. Visi
tors, especially from the. freshman
class, are welcome to attend and it is
hoped that all will take a part in the
Open Forum discussion which will be
part of the evening's prograih.
Euphronia members will open the
meeting with a few informal remarks
concerning their own organization, its
past history, and its immediate future
developments. The formal discussion
will be on the subject of Governor
Walton of Oklahoma and the Ku Klux
Klan.
Members of the Euphronia Debat
ing Society will hold their first meet
ing of the year tonight ni the Trophy
Room of the Old Union at 7:30. Visi
tors, especially from the. freshman
class, are welcome to attend and it is
hoped that all will take a part in the
Open Forum discussion which will be
part of the evening's prograih.
Euphronia members will open the
meeting with a few informal remarks
concerning their own organization, its
past history, and its immediate future
developments. The formal discussion
will be on the subject of Governor
Walton of Oklahoma and the Ku Klux
Klan.
Members of the Euphronia Debat
ing Society will hold their first meet
ing of the year tonight ni the Trophy
Room of the Old Union at 7:30. Visi
tors, especially from the. freshman
class, are welcome to attend and it is
hoped that all will take a part in the
Open Forum discussion which will be
part of the evening's prograih.
Euphronia members will open the
meeting with a few informal remarks
concerning their own organization, its
past history, and its immediate future
developments. The formal discussion
will be on the subject of Governor
Walton of Oklahoma and the Ku Klux
Klan.
