# Savelle Talks on Faith of Future
## 
### 
Dr. Max Savelle, Western Civili
zation professor and head of the His
tory Department, spoke to the stu
dent-faculty forum Sunday after
noon at Lagunita. Dr. Savelle spoke
on "The Faith of the Future."
He gave a brief history of the im
portance and effect upon nations of
the various types of religions in the
past and predicted what the reli
gion of the future would be. He
pointed out that the religion of the
past has been one in which the few
have controlled the masses, but the
present trend is a religion of the
people because democratic govern
ment demands democratic religion.
Dr. Savelle said, "There has never
been a time in the history of civili
zation when the masses of people
have been so self-conscious, so well
organized and so able to express
their own ideas. The religion of the
future will be one of the common
man; it will utilize our present sci
entific knowledge and will be prag
matic and humanistic. The religion
of today must be an adaptation of
past beliefs to present circumstances
by men who are without fear."
Following the talk the group par
ticipated in a heated discussion on
various points in the lecture. Sam
Hall acted as presiding chairman.
The remainder of the program
consisted of a reading by John
Moore, and community singing of
old-time favorites led by Ned Stan
ford. After the meeting refresh
ments were served by June Ellis.

There are 72 Stanford alumni em
ployed by General Electric and as
sociated companies.
Dr. Max Savelle, Western Civili
zation professor and head of the His
tory Department, spoke to the stu
dent-faculty forum Sunday after
noon at Lagunita. Dr. Savelle spoke
on "The Faith of the Future."
He gave a brief history of the im
portance and effect upon nations of
the various types of religions in the
past and predicted what the reli
gion of the future would be. He
pointed out that the religion of the
past has been one in which the few
have controlled the masses, but the
present trend is a religion of the
people because democratic govern
ment demands democratic religion.
Dr. Savelle said, "There has never
been a time in the history of civili
zation when the masses of people
have been so self-conscious, so well
organized and so able to express
their own ideas. The religion of the
future will be one of the common
man; it will utilize our present sci
entific knowledge and will be prag
matic and humanistic. The religion
of today must be an adaptation of
past beliefs to present circumstances
by men who are without fear."
Following the talk the group par
ticipated in a heated discussion on
various points in the lecture. Sam
Hall acted as presiding chairman.
The remainder of the program
consisted of a reading by John
Moore, and community singing of
old-time favorites led by Ned Stan
ford. After the meeting refresh
ments were served by June Ellis.

There are 72 Stanford alumni em
ployed by General Electric and as
sociated companies.
Dr. Max Savelle, Western Civili
zation professor and head of the His
tory Department, spoke to the stu
dent-faculty forum Sunday after
noon at Lagunita. Dr. Savelle spoke
on "The Faith of the Future."
He gave a brief history of the im
portance and effect upon nations of
the various types of religions in the
past and predicted what the reli
gion of the future would be. He
pointed out that the religion of the
past has been one in which the few
have controlled the masses, but the
present trend is a religion of the
people because democratic govern
ment demands democratic religion.
Dr. Savelle said, "There has never
been a time in the history of civili
zation when the masses of people
have been so self-conscious, so well
organized and so able to express
their own ideas. The religion of the
future will be one of the common
man; it will utilize our present sci
entific knowledge and will be prag
matic and humanistic. The religion
of today must be an adaptation of
past beliefs to present circumstances
by men who are without fear."
Following the talk the group par
ticipated in a heated discussion on
various points in the lecture. Sam
Hall acted as presiding chairman.
The remainder of the program
consisted of a reading by John
Moore, and community singing of
old-time favorites led by Ned Stan
ford. After the meeting refresh
ments were served by June Ellis.

There are 72 Stanford alumni em
ployed by General Electric and as
sociated companies.
Dr. Max Savelle, Western Civili
zation professor and head of the His
tory Department, spoke to the stu
dent-faculty forum Sunday after
noon at Lagunita. Dr. Savelle spoke
on "The Faith of the Future."
He gave a brief history of the im
portance and effect upon nations of
the various types of religions in the
past and predicted what the reli
gion of the future would be. He
pointed out that the religion of the
past has been one in which the few
have controlled the masses, but the
present trend is a religion of the
people because democratic govern
ment demands democratic religion.
Dr. Savelle said, "There has never
been a time in the history of civili
zation when the masses of people
have been so self-conscious, so well
organized and so able to express
their own ideas. The religion of the
future will be one of the common
man; it will utilize our present sci
entific knowledge and will be prag
matic and humanistic. The religion
of today must be an adaptation of
past beliefs to present circumstances
by men who are without fear."
Following the talk the group par
ticipated in a heated discussion on
various points in the lecture. Sam
Hall acted as presiding chairman.
The remainder of the program
consisted of a reading by John
Moore, and community singing of
old-time favorites led by Ned Stan
ford. After the meeting refresh
ments were served by June Ellis.

There are 72 Stanford alumni em
ployed by General Electric and as
sociated companies.
Dr. Max Savelle, Western Civili
zation professor and head of the His
tory Department, spoke to the stu
dent-faculty forum Sunday after
noon at Lagunita. Dr. Savelle spoke
on "The Faith of the Future."
He gave a brief history of the im
portance and effect upon nations of
the various types of religions in the
past and predicted what the reli
gion of the future would be. He
pointed out that the religion of the
past has been one in which the few
have controlled the masses, but the
present trend is a religion of the
people because democratic govern
ment demands democratic religion.
Dr. Savelle said, "There has never
been a time in the history of civili
zation when the masses of people
have been so self-conscious, so well
organized and so able to express
their own ideas. The religion of the
future will be one of the common
man; it will utilize our present sci
entific knowledge and will be prag
matic and humanistic. The religion
of today must be an adaptation of
past beliefs to present circumstances
by men who are without fear."
Following the talk the group par
ticipated in a heated discussion on
various points in the lecture. Sam
Hall acted as presiding chairman.
The remainder of the program
consisted of a reading by John
Moore, and community singing of
old-time favorites led by Ned Stan
ford. After the meeting refresh
ments were served by June Ellis.

There are 72 Stanford alumni em
ployed by General Electric and as
sociated companies.
Dr. Max Savelle, Western Civili
zation professor and head of the His
tory Department, spoke to the stu
dent-faculty forum Sunday after
noon at Lagunita. Dr. Savelle spoke
on "The Faith of the Future."
He gave a brief history of the im
portance and effect upon nations of
the various types of religions in the
past and predicted what the reli
gion of the future would be. He
pointed out that the religion of the
past has been one in which the few
have controlled the masses, but the
present trend is a religion of the
people because democratic govern
ment demands democratic religion.
Dr. Savelle said, "There has never
been a time in the history of civili
zation when the masses of people
have been so self-conscious, so well
organized and so able to express
their own ideas. The religion of the
future will be one of the common
man; it will utilize our present sci
entific knowledge and will be prag
matic and humanistic. The religion
of today must be an adaptation of
past beliefs to present circumstances
by men who are without fear."
Following the talk the group par
ticipated in a heated discussion on
various points in the lecture. Sam
Hall acted as presiding chairman.
The remainder of the program
consisted of a reading by John
Moore, and community singing of
old-time favorites led by Ned Stan
ford. After the meeting refresh
ments were served by June Ellis.

There are 72 Stanford alumni em
ployed by General Electric and as
sociated companies.
Dr. Max Savelle, Western Civili
zation professor and head of the His
tory Department, spoke to the stu
dent-faculty forum Sunday after
noon at Lagunita. Dr. Savelle spoke
on "The Faith of the Future."
He gave a brief history of the im
portance and effect upon nations of
the various types of religions in the
past and predicted what the reli
gion of the future would be. He
pointed out that the religion of the
past has been one in which the few
have controlled the masses, but the
present trend is a religion of the
people because democratic govern
ment demands democratic religion.
Dr. Savelle said, "There has never
been a time in the history of civili
zation when the masses of people
have been so self-conscious, so well
organized and so able to express
their own ideas. The religion of the
future will be one of the common
man; it will utilize our present sci
entific knowledge and will be prag
matic and humanistic. The religion
of today must be an adaptation of
past beliefs to present circumstances
by men who are without fear."
Following the talk the group par
ticipated in a heated discussion on
various points in the lecture. Sam
Hall acted as presiding chairman.
The remainder of the program
consisted of a reading by John
Moore, and community singing of
old-time favorites led by Ned Stan
ford. After the meeting refresh
ments were served by June Ellis.

There are 72 Stanford alumni em
ployed by General Electric and as
sociated companies.
Dr. Max Savelle, Western Civili
zation professor and head of the His
tory Department, spoke to the stu
dent-faculty forum Sunday after
noon at Lagunita. Dr. Savelle spoke
on "The Faith of the Future."
He gave a brief history of the im
portance and effect upon nations of
the various types of religions in the
past and predicted what the reli
gion of the future would be. He
pointed out that the religion of the
past has been one in which the few
have controlled the masses, but the
present trend is a religion of the
people because democratic govern
ment demands democratic religion.
Dr. Savelle said, "There has never
been a time in the history of civili
zation when the masses of people
have been so self-conscious, so well
organized and so able to express
their own ideas. The religion of the
future will be one of the common
man; it will utilize our present sci
entific knowledge and will be prag
matic and humanistic. The religion
of today must be an adaptation of
past beliefs to present circumstances
by men who are without fear."
Following the talk the group par
ticipated in a heated discussion on
various points in the lecture. Sam
Hall acted as presiding chairman.
The remainder of the program
consisted of a reading by John
Moore, and community singing of
old-time favorites led by Ned Stan
ford. After the meeting refresh
ments were served by June Ellis.

There are 72 Stanford alumni em
ployed by General Electric and as
sociated companies.
Dr. Max Savelle, Western Civili
zation professor and head of the His
tory Department, spoke to the stu
dent-faculty forum Sunday after
noon at Lagunita. Dr. Savelle spoke
on "The Faith of the Future."
He gave a brief history of the im
portance and effect upon nations of
the various types of religions in the
past and predicted what the reli
gion of the future would be. He
pointed out that the religion of the
past has been one in which the few
have controlled the masses, but the
present trend is a religion of the
people because democratic govern
ment demands democratic religion.
Dr. Savelle said, "There has never
been a time in the history of civili
zation when the masses of people
have been so self-conscious, so well
organized and so able to express
their own ideas. The religion of the
future will be one of the common
man; it will utilize our present sci
entific knowledge and will be prag
matic and humanistic. The religion
of today must be an adaptation of
past beliefs to present circumstances
by men who are without fear."
Following the talk the group par
ticipated in a heated discussion on
various points in the lecture. Sam
Hall acted as presiding chairman.
The remainder of the program
consisted of a reading by John
Moore, and community singing of
old-time favorites led by Ned Stan
ford. After the meeting refresh
ments were served by June Ellis.

There are 72 Stanford alumni em
ployed by General Electric and as
sociated companies.
Dr. Max Savelle, Western Civili
zation professor and head of the His
tory Department, spoke to the stu
dent-faculty forum Sunday after
noon at Lagunita. Dr. Savelle spoke
on "The Faith of the Future."
He gave a brief history of the im
portance and effect upon nations of
the various types of religions in the
past and predicted what the reli
gion of the future would be. He
pointed out that the religion of the
past has been one in which the few
have controlled the masses, but the
present trend is a religion of the
people because democratic govern
ment demands democratic religion.
Dr. Savelle said, "There has never
been a time in the history of civili
zation when the masses of people
have been so self-conscious, so well
organized and so able to express
their own ideas. The religion of the
future will be one of the common
man; it will utilize our present sci
entific knowledge and will be prag
matic and humanistic. The religion
of today must be an adaptation of
past beliefs to present circumstances
by men who are without fear."
Following the talk the group par
ticipated in a heated discussion on
various points in the lecture. Sam
Hall acted as presiding chairman.
The remainder of the program
consisted of a reading by John
Moore, and community singing of
old-time favorites led by Ned Stan
ford. After the meeting refresh
ments were served by June Ellis.

There are 72 Stanford alumni em
ployed by General Electric and as
sociated companies.
Dr. Max Savelle, Western Civili
zation professor and head of the His
tory Department, spoke to the stu
dent-faculty forum Sunday after
noon at Lagunita. Dr. Savelle spoke
on "The Faith of the Future."
He gave a brief history of the im
portance and effect upon nations of
the various types of religions in the
past and predicted what the reli
gion of the future would be. He
pointed out that the religion of the
past has been one in which the few
have controlled the masses, but the
present trend is a religion of the
people because democratic govern
ment demands democratic religion.
Dr. Savelle said, "There has never
been a time in the history of civili
zation when the masses of people
have been so self-conscious, so well
organized and so able to express
their own ideas. The religion of the
future will be one of the common
man; it will utilize our present sci
entific knowledge and will be prag
matic and humanistic. The religion
of today must be an adaptation of
past beliefs to present circumstances
by men who are without fear."
Following the talk the group par
ticipated in a heated discussion on
various points in the lecture. Sam
Hall acted as presiding chairman.
The remainder of the program
consisted of a reading by John
Moore, and community singing of
old-time favorites led by Ned Stan
ford. After the meeting refresh
ments were served by June Ellis.

There are 72 Stanford alumni em
ployed by General Electric and as
sociated companies.
Dr. Max Savelle, Western Civili
zation professor and head of the His
tory Department, spoke to the stu
dent-faculty forum Sunday after
noon at Lagunita. Dr. Savelle spoke
on "The Faith of the Future."
He gave a brief history of the im
portance and effect upon nations of
the various types of religions in the
past and predicted what the reli
gion of the future would be. He
pointed out that the religion of the
past has been one in which the few
have controlled the masses, but the
present trend is a religion of the
people because democratic govern
ment demands democratic religion.
Dr. Savelle said, "There has never
been a time in the history of civili
zation when the masses of people
have been so self-conscious, so well
organized and so able to express
their own ideas. The religion of the
future will be one of the common
man; it will utilize our present sci
entific knowledge and will be prag
matic and humanistic. The religion
of today must be an adaptation of
past beliefs to present circumstances
by men who are without fear."
Following the talk the group par
ticipated in a heated discussion on
various points in the lecture. Sam
Hall acted as presiding chairman.
The remainder of the program
consisted of a reading by John
Moore, and community singing of
old-time favorites led by Ned Stan
ford. After the meeting refresh
ments were served by June Ellis.

There are 72 Stanford alumni em
ployed by General Electric and as
sociated companies.
Dr. Max Savelle, Western Civili
zation professor and head of the His
tory Department, spoke to the stu
dent-faculty forum Sunday after
noon at Lagunita. Dr. Savelle spoke
on "The Faith of the Future."
He gave a brief history of the im
portance and effect upon nations of
the various types of religions in the
past and predicted what the reli
gion of the future would be. He
pointed out that the religion of the
past has been one in which the few
have controlled the masses, but the
present trend is a religion of the
people because democratic govern
ment demands democratic religion.
Dr. Savelle said, "There has never
been a time in the history of civili
zation when the masses of people
have been so self-conscious, so well
organized and so able to express
their own ideas. The religion of the
future will be one of the common
man; it will utilize our present sci
entific knowledge and will be prag
matic and humanistic. The religion
of today must be an adaptation of
past beliefs to present circumstances
by men who are without fear."
Following the talk the group par
ticipated in a heated discussion on
various points in the lecture. Sam
Hall acted as presiding chairman.
The remainder of the program
consisted of a reading by John
Moore, and community singing of
old-time favorites led by Ned Stan
ford. After the meeting refresh
ments were served by June Ellis.

There are 72 Stanford alumni em
ployed by General Electric and as
sociated companies.
Dr. Max Savelle, Western Civili
zation professor and head of the His
tory Department, spoke to the stu
dent-faculty forum Sunday after
noon at Lagunita. Dr. Savelle spoke
on "The Faith of the Future."
He gave a brief history of the im
portance and effect upon nations of
the various types of religions in the
past and predicted what the reli
gion of the future would be. He
pointed out that the religion of the
past has been one in which the few
have controlled the masses, but the
present trend is a religion of the
people because democratic govern
ment demands democratic religion.
Dr. Savelle said, "There has never
been a time in the history of civili
zation when the masses of people
have been so self-conscious, so well
organized and so able to express
their own ideas. The religion of the
future will be one of the common
man; it will utilize our present sci
entific knowledge and will be prag
matic and humanistic. The religion
of today must be an adaptation of
past beliefs to present circumstances
by men who are without fear."
Following the talk the group par
ticipated in a heated discussion on
various points in the lecture. Sam
Hall acted as presiding chairman.
The remainder of the program
consisted of a reading by John
Moore, and community singing of
old-time favorites led by Ned Stan
ford. After the meeting refresh
ments were served by June Ellis.

There are 72 Stanford alumni em
ployed by General Electric and as
sociated companies.
Dr. Max Savelle, Western Civili
zation professor and head of the His
tory Department, spoke to the stu
dent-faculty forum Sunday after
noon at Lagunita. Dr. Savelle spoke
on "The Faith of the Future."
He gave a brief history of the im
portance and effect upon nations of
the various types of religions in the
past and predicted what the reli
gion of the future would be. He
pointed out that the religion of the
past has been one in which the few
have controlled the masses, but the
present trend is a religion of the
people because democratic govern
ment demands democratic religion.
Dr. Savelle said, "There has never
been a time in the history of civili
zation when the masses of people
have been so self-conscious, so well
organized and so able to express
their own ideas. The religion of the
future will be one of the common
man; it will utilize our present sci
entific knowledge and will be prag
matic and humanistic. The religion
of today must be an adaptation of
past beliefs to present circumstances
by men who are without fear."
Following the talk the group par
ticipated in a heated discussion on
various points in the lecture. Sam
Hall acted as presiding chairman.
The remainder of the program
consisted of a reading by John
Moore, and community singing of
old-time favorites led by Ned Stan
ford. After the meeting refresh
ments were served by June Ellis.

There are 72 Stanford alumni em
ployed by General Electric and as
sociated companies.
Dr. Max Savelle, Western Civili
zation professor and head of the His
tory Department, spoke to the stu
dent-faculty forum Sunday after
noon at Lagunita. Dr. Savelle spoke
on "The Faith of the Future."
He gave a brief history of the im
portance and effect upon nations of
the various types of religions in the
past and predicted what the reli
gion of the future would be. He
pointed out that the religion of the
past has been one in which the few
have controlled the masses, but the
present trend is a religion of the
people because democratic govern
ment demands democratic religion.
Dr. Savelle said, "There has never
been a time in the history of civili
zation when the masses of people
have been so self-conscious, so well
organized and so able to express
their own ideas. The religion of the
future will be one of the common
man; it will utilize our present sci
entific knowledge and will be prag
matic and humanistic. The religion
of today must be an adaptation of
past beliefs to present circumstances
by men who are without fear."
Following the talk the group par
ticipated in a heated discussion on
various points in the lecture. Sam
Hall acted as presiding chairman.
The remainder of the program
consisted of a reading by John
Moore, and community singing of
old-time favorites led by Ned Stan
ford. After the meeting refresh
ments were served by June Ellis.

There are 72 Stanford alumni em
ployed by General Electric and as
sociated companies.
Dr. Max Savelle, Western Civili
zation professor and head of the His
tory Department, spoke to the stu
dent-faculty forum Sunday after
noon at Lagunita. Dr. Savelle spoke
on "The Faith of the Future."
He gave a brief history of the im
portance and effect upon nations of
the various types of religions in the
past and predicted what the reli
gion of the future would be. He
pointed out that the religion of the
past has been one in which the few
have controlled the masses, but the
present trend is a religion of the
people because democratic govern
ment demands democratic religion.
Dr. Savelle said, "There has never
been a time in the history of civili
zation when the masses of people
have been so self-conscious, so well
organized and so able to express
their own ideas. The religion of the
future will be one of the common
man; it will utilize our present sci
entific knowledge and will be prag
matic and humanistic. The religion
of today must be an adaptation of
past beliefs to present circumstances
by men who are without fear."
Following the talk the group par
ticipated in a heated discussion on
various points in the lecture. Sam
Hall acted as presiding chairman.
The remainder of the program
consisted of a reading by John
Moore, and community singing of
old-time favorites led by Ned Stan
ford. After the meeting refresh
ments were served by June Ellis.

There are 72 Stanford alumni em
ployed by General Electric and as
sociated companies.
