# Tickets on Sale For Orchid Ball
## 
### 
Tickets for the Orchid Ball, La
gunita-Union formal dance sched
uled for April 24 in the Women's
Gymnasium, went on sale this week.
They may be purchased by all Stan
ford women.
Music for dancing will be fur
nished by Paul Law and his orches
tra.
Tickets for the Orchid Ball, La
gunita-Union formal dance sched
uled for April 24 in the Women's
Gymnasium, went on sale this week.
They may be purchased by all Stan
ford women.
Music for dancing will be fur
nished by Paul Law and his orches
tra.
Tickets for the Orchid Ball, La
gunita-Union formal dance sched
uled for April 24 in the Women's
Gymnasium, went on sale this week.
They may be purchased by all Stan
ford women.
Music for dancing will be fur
nished by Paul Law and his orches
tra.
Tickets for the Orchid Ball, La
gunita-Union formal dance sched
uled for April 24 in the Women's
Gymnasium, went on sale this week.
They may be purchased by all Stan
ford women.
Music for dancing will be fur
nished by Paul Law and his orches
tra.
Tickets for the Orchid Ball, La
gunita-Union formal dance sched
uled for April 24 in the Women's
Gymnasium, went on sale this week.
They may be purchased by all Stan
ford women.
Music for dancing will be fur
nished by Paul Law and his orches
tra.
Tickets for the Orchid Ball, La
gunita-Union formal dance sched
uled for April 24 in the Women's
Gymnasium, went on sale this week.
They may be purchased by all Stan
ford women.
Music for dancing will be fur
nished by Paul Law and his orches
tra.
Tickets for the Orchid Ball, La
gunita-Union formal dance sched
uled for April 24 in the Women's
Gymnasium, went on sale this week.
They may be purchased by all Stan
ford women.
Music for dancing will be fur
nished by Paul Law and his orches
tra.
Tickets for the Orchid Ball, La
gunita-Union formal dance sched
uled for April 24 in the Women's
Gymnasium, went on sale this week.
They may be purchased by all Stan
ford women.
Music for dancing will be fur
nished by Paul Law and his orches
tra.
Tickets for the Orchid Ball, La
gunita-Union formal dance sched
uled for April 24 in the Women's
Gymnasium, went on sale this week.
They may be purchased by all Stan
ford women.
Music for dancing will be fur
nished by Paul Law and his orches
tra.
Tickets for the Orchid Ball, La
gunita-Union formal dance sched
uled for April 24 in the Women's
Gymnasium, went on sale this week.
They may be purchased by all Stan
ford women.
Music for dancing will be fur
nished by Paul Law and his orches
tra.
Tickets for the Orchid Ball, La
gunita-Union formal dance sched
uled for April 24 in the Women's
Gymnasium, went on sale this week.
They may be purchased by all Stan
ford women.
Music for dancing will be fur
nished by Paul Law and his orches
tra.
Tickets for the Orchid Ball, La
gunita-Union formal dance sched
uled for April 24 in the Women's
Gymnasium, went on sale this week.
They may be purchased by all Stan
ford women.
Music for dancing will be fur
nished by Paul Law and his orches
tra.
Tickets for the Orchid Ball, La
gunita-Union formal dance sched
uled for April 24 in the Women's
Gymnasium, went on sale this week.
They may be purchased by all Stan
ford women.
Music for dancing will be fur
nished by Paul Law and his orches
tra.
Tickets for the Orchid Ball, La
gunita-Union formal dance sched
uled for April 24 in the Women's
Gymnasium, went on sale this week.
They may be purchased by all Stan
ford women.
Music for dancing will be fur
nished by Paul Law and his orches
tra.
Tickets for the Orchid Ball, La
gunita-Union formal dance sched
uled for April 24 in the Women's
Gymnasium, went on sale this week.
They may be purchased by all Stan
ford women.
Music for dancing will be fur
nished by Paul Law and his orches
tra.
Tickets for the Orchid Ball, La
gunita-Union formal dance sched
uled for April 24 in the Women's
Gymnasium, went on sale this week.
They may be purchased by all Stan
ford women.
Music for dancing will be fur
nished by Paul Law and his orches
tra.
Tickets for the Orchid Ball, La
gunita-Union formal dance sched
uled for April 24 in the Women's
Gymnasium, went on sale this week.
They may be purchased by all Stan
ford women.
Music for dancing will be fur
nished by Paul Law and his orches
tra.
