# Tresidder Subject Of Sloss Article
## 
### 
WACO, Tex.. Apr. 13.—M. C.
Sloss. president of the Stanford
University Board oi Trustees, is
among eight of the nation's out
standing educators who contrib
uted to the latest issue of the
"University Administration Quar
terly." published at Baylor Uni
versity.
Mr. Sloss' articii is entitled
Stanford University New Presi
dent" and it pays tribute to l>r.
Donald Tresidder,
WACO, Tex.. Apr. 13.—M. C.
Sloss. president of the Stanford
University Board oi Trustees, is
among eight of the nation's out
standing educators who contrib
uted to the latest issue of the
"University Administration Quar
terly." published at Baylor Uni
versity.
Mr. Sloss' articii is entitled
Stanford University New Presi
dent" and it pays tribute to l>r.
Donald Tresidder,
WACO, Tex.. Apr. 13.—M. C.
Sloss. president of the Stanford
University Board oi Trustees, is
among eight of the nation's out
standing educators who contrib
uted to the latest issue of the
"University Administration Quar
terly." published at Baylor Uni
versity.
Mr. Sloss' articii is entitled
Stanford University New Presi
dent" and it pays tribute to l>r.
Donald Tresidder,
WACO, Tex.. Apr. 13.—M. C.
Sloss. president of the Stanford
University Board oi Trustees, is
among eight of the nation's out
standing educators who contrib
uted to the latest issue of the
"University Administration Quar
terly." published at Baylor Uni
versity.
Mr. Sloss' articii is entitled
Stanford University New Presi
dent" and it pays tribute to l>r.
Donald Tresidder,
WACO, Tex.. Apr. 13.—M. C.
Sloss. president of the Stanford
University Board oi Trustees, is
among eight of the nation's out
standing educators who contrib
uted to the latest issue of the
"University Administration Quar
terly." published at Baylor Uni
versity.
Mr. Sloss' articii is entitled
Stanford University New Presi
dent" and it pays tribute to l>r.
Donald Tresidder,
WACO, Tex.. Apr. 13.—M. C.
Sloss. president of the Stanford
University Board oi Trustees, is
among eight of the nation's out
standing educators who contrib
uted to the latest issue of the
"University Administration Quar
terly." published at Baylor Uni
versity.
Mr. Sloss' articii is entitled
Stanford University New Presi
dent" and it pays tribute to l>r.
Donald Tresidder,
WACO, Tex.. Apr. 13.—M. C.
Sloss. president of the Stanford
University Board oi Trustees, is
among eight of the nation's out
standing educators who contrib
uted to the latest issue of the
"University Administration Quar
terly." published at Baylor Uni
versity.
Mr. Sloss' articii is entitled
Stanford University New Presi
dent" and it pays tribute to l>r.
Donald Tresidder,
WACO, Tex.. Apr. 13.—M. C.
Sloss. president of the Stanford
University Board oi Trustees, is
among eight of the nation's out
standing educators who contrib
uted to the latest issue of the
"University Administration Quar
terly." published at Baylor Uni
versity.
Mr. Sloss' articii is entitled
Stanford University New Presi
dent" and it pays tribute to l>r.
Donald Tresidder,
WACO, Tex.. Apr. 13.—M. C.
Sloss. president of the Stanford
University Board oi Trustees, is
among eight of the nation's out
standing educators who contrib
uted to the latest issue of the
"University Administration Quar
terly." published at Baylor Uni
versity.
Mr. Sloss' articii is entitled
Stanford University New Presi
dent" and it pays tribute to l>r.
Donald Tresidder,
WACO, Tex.. Apr. 13.—M. C.
Sloss. president of the Stanford
University Board oi Trustees, is
among eight of the nation's out
standing educators who contrib
uted to the latest issue of the
"University Administration Quar
terly." published at Baylor Uni
versity.
Mr. Sloss' articii is entitled
Stanford University New Presi
dent" and it pays tribute to l>r.
Donald Tresidder,
WACO, Tex.. Apr. 13.—M. C.
Sloss. president of the Stanford
University Board oi Trustees, is
among eight of the nation's out
standing educators who contrib
uted to the latest issue of the
"University Administration Quar
terly." published at Baylor Uni
versity.
Mr. Sloss' articii is entitled
Stanford University New Presi
dent" and it pays tribute to l>r.
Donald Tresidder,
WACO, Tex.. Apr. 13.—M. C.
Sloss. president of the Stanford
University Board oi Trustees, is
among eight of the nation's out
standing educators who contrib
uted to the latest issue of the
"University Administration Quar
terly." published at Baylor Uni
versity.
Mr. Sloss' articii is entitled
Stanford University New Presi
dent" and it pays tribute to l>r.
Donald Tresidder,
WACO, Tex.. Apr. 13.—M. C.
Sloss. president of the Stanford
University Board oi Trustees, is
among eight of the nation's out
standing educators who contrib
uted to the latest issue of the
"University Administration Quar
terly." published at Baylor Uni
versity.
Mr. Sloss' articii is entitled
Stanford University New Presi
dent" and it pays tribute to l>r.
Donald Tresidder,
WACO, Tex.. Apr. 13.—M. C.
Sloss. president of the Stanford
University Board oi Trustees, is
among eight of the nation's out
standing educators who contrib
uted to the latest issue of the
"University Administration Quar
terly." published at Baylor Uni
versity.
Mr. Sloss' articii is entitled
Stanford University New Presi
dent" and it pays tribute to l>r.
Donald Tresidder,
WACO, Tex.. Apr. 13.—M. C.
Sloss. president of the Stanford
University Board oi Trustees, is
among eight of the nation's out
standing educators who contrib
uted to the latest issue of the
"University Administration Quar
terly." published at Baylor Uni
versity.
Mr. Sloss' articii is entitled
Stanford University New Presi
dent" and it pays tribute to l>r.
Donald Tresidder,
WACO, Tex.. Apr. 13.—M. C.
Sloss. president of the Stanford
University Board oi Trustees, is
among eight of the nation's out
standing educators who contrib
uted to the latest issue of the
"University Administration Quar
terly." published at Baylor Uni
versity.
Mr. Sloss' articii is entitled
Stanford University New Presi
dent" and it pays tribute to l>r.
Donald Tresidder,
WACO, Tex.. Apr. 13.—M. C.
Sloss. president of the Stanford
University Board oi Trustees, is
among eight of the nation's out
standing educators who contrib
uted to the latest issue of the
"University Administration Quar
terly." published at Baylor Uni
versity.
Mr. Sloss' articii is entitled
Stanford University New Presi
dent" and it pays tribute to l>r.
Donald Tresidder,
