# Players Open Tryouts Today for 'Philoctetes'
## 
### 
The Stanford Players open try
out today at 4 p.m. in the Little
Theater for the March production
of Sophocles’ tragedy, ‘‘Philoc
tetes.” There are available parts
for seven dancing-actors (men or
women), five speaking actors
(men), six chorus members (men

or /women), two musicians, a
composer, and a choreographer.

Five of the seven male roles of
the play require two actors. The
dancing actor in mask and cos
tume will interpret the dialogue
with movements. The speaking
actors in evening dross will give
their parts from the sides of the
stage.
The chorus will serve as “a hu
man vocal instrument producing
over a range from imitative
sounds to melody.” "A variety of
simple wind, string, and percus
sion instruments” will illustrate

“both movement and dialogue"
said Michael Addison and Jane
Loeb. publicity staff of the Stan
ford players.
Additional tryouts will be held
Wednesday at 7 p.m. in Room 205
of Memorial Auditorium, and
Thursday at 4 p.m. in the Little
Theater. Stanley Weese, a gradu
ate student in drama, will direct
the production.
The Stanford Players open try
out today at 4 p.m. in the Little
Theater for the March production
of Sophocles’ tragedy, ‘‘Philoc
tetes.” There are available parts
for seven dancing-actors (men or
women), five speaking actors
(men), six chorus members (men

or /women), two musicians, a
composer, and a choreographer.

Five of the seven male roles of
the play require two actors. The
dancing actor in mask and cos
tume will interpret the dialogue
with movements. The speaking
actors in evening dross will give
their parts from the sides of the
stage.
The chorus will serve as “a hu
man vocal instrument producing
over a range from imitative
sounds to melody.” "A variety of
simple wind, string, and percus
sion instruments” will illustrate

“both movement and dialogue"
said Michael Addison and Jane
Loeb. publicity staff of the Stan
ford players.
Additional tryouts will be held
Wednesday at 7 p.m. in Room 205
of Memorial Auditorium, and
Thursday at 4 p.m. in the Little
Theater. Stanley Weese, a gradu
ate student in drama, will direct
the production.
The Stanford Players open try
out today at 4 p.m. in the Little
Theater for the March production
of Sophocles’ tragedy, ‘‘Philoc
tetes.” There are available parts
for seven dancing-actors (men or
women), five speaking actors
(men), six chorus members (men

or /women), two musicians, a
composer, and a choreographer.

Five of the seven male roles of
the play require two actors. The
dancing actor in mask and cos
tume will interpret the dialogue
with movements. The speaking
actors in evening dross will give
their parts from the sides of the
stage.
The chorus will serve as “a hu
man vocal instrument producing
over a range from imitative
sounds to melody.” "A variety of
simple wind, string, and percus
sion instruments” will illustrate

“both movement and dialogue"
said Michael Addison and Jane
Loeb. publicity staff of the Stan
ford players.
Additional tryouts will be held
Wednesday at 7 p.m. in Room 205
of Memorial Auditorium, and
Thursday at 4 p.m. in the Little
Theater. Stanley Weese, a gradu
ate student in drama, will direct
the production.
The Stanford Players open try
out today at 4 p.m. in the Little
Theater for the March production
of Sophocles’ tragedy, ‘‘Philoc
tetes.” There are available parts
for seven dancing-actors (men or
women), five speaking actors
(men), six chorus members (men

or /women), two musicians, a
composer, and a choreographer.

Five of the seven male roles of
the play require two actors. The
dancing actor in mask and cos
tume will interpret the dialogue
with movements. The speaking
actors in evening dross will give
their parts from the sides of the
stage.
The chorus will serve as “a hu
man vocal instrument producing
over a range from imitative
sounds to melody.” "A variety of
simple wind, string, and percus
sion instruments” will illustrate

“both movement and dialogue"
said Michael Addison and Jane
Loeb. publicity staff of the Stan
ford players.
Additional tryouts will be held
Wednesday at 7 p.m. in Room 205
of Memorial Auditorium, and
Thursday at 4 p.m. in the Little
Theater. Stanley Weese, a gradu
ate student in drama, will direct
the production.
The Stanford Players open try
out today at 4 p.m. in the Little
Theater for the March production
of Sophocles’ tragedy, ‘‘Philoc
tetes.” There are available parts
for seven dancing-actors (men or
women), five speaking actors
(men), six chorus members (men

or /women), two musicians, a
composer, and a choreographer.

Five of the seven male roles of
the play require two actors. The
dancing actor in mask and cos
tume will interpret the dialogue
with movements. The speaking
actors in evening dross will give
their parts from the sides of the
stage.
The chorus will serve as “a hu
man vocal instrument producing
over a range from imitative
sounds to melody.” "A variety of
simple wind, string, and percus
sion instruments” will illustrate

“both movement and dialogue"
said Michael Addison and Jane
Loeb. publicity staff of the Stan
ford players.
Additional tryouts will be held
Wednesday at 7 p.m. in Room 205
of Memorial Auditorium, and
Thursday at 4 p.m. in the Little
Theater. Stanley Weese, a gradu
ate student in drama, will direct
the production.
The Stanford Players open try
out today at 4 p.m. in the Little
Theater for the March production
of Sophocles’ tragedy, ‘‘Philoc
tetes.” There are available parts
for seven dancing-actors (men or
women), five speaking actors
(men), six chorus members (men

or /women), two musicians, a
composer, and a choreographer.

Five of the seven male roles of
the play require two actors. The
dancing actor in mask and cos
tume will interpret the dialogue
with movements. The speaking
actors in evening dross will give
their parts from the sides of the
stage.
The chorus will serve as “a hu
man vocal instrument producing
over a range from imitative
sounds to melody.” "A variety of
simple wind, string, and percus
sion instruments” will illustrate

“both movement and dialogue"
said Michael Addison and Jane
Loeb. publicity staff of the Stan
ford players.
Additional tryouts will be held
Wednesday at 7 p.m. in Room 205
of Memorial Auditorium, and
Thursday at 4 p.m. in the Little
Theater. Stanley Weese, a gradu
ate student in drama, will direct
the production.
The Stanford Players open try
out today at 4 p.m. in the Little
Theater for the March production
of Sophocles’ tragedy, ‘‘Philoc
tetes.” There are available parts
for seven dancing-actors (men or
women), five speaking actors
(men), six chorus members (men

or /women), two musicians, a
composer, and a choreographer.

Five of the seven male roles of
the play require two actors. The
dancing actor in mask and cos
tume will interpret the dialogue
with movements. The speaking
actors in evening dross will give
their parts from the sides of the
stage.
The chorus will serve as “a hu
man vocal instrument producing
over a range from imitative
sounds to melody.” "A variety of
simple wind, string, and percus
sion instruments” will illustrate

“both movement and dialogue"
said Michael Addison and Jane
Loeb. publicity staff of the Stan
ford players.
Additional tryouts will be held
Wednesday at 7 p.m. in Room 205
of Memorial Auditorium, and
Thursday at 4 p.m. in the Little
Theater. Stanley Weese, a gradu
ate student in drama, will direct
the production.
The Stanford Players open try
out today at 4 p.m. in the Little
Theater for the March production
of Sophocles’ tragedy, ‘‘Philoc
tetes.” There are available parts
for seven dancing-actors (men or
women), five speaking actors
(men), six chorus members (men

or /women), two musicians, a
composer, and a choreographer.

Five of the seven male roles of
the play require two actors. The
dancing actor in mask and cos
tume will interpret the dialogue
with movements. The speaking
actors in evening dross will give
their parts from the sides of the
stage.
The chorus will serve as “a hu
man vocal instrument producing
over a range from imitative
sounds to melody.” "A variety of
simple wind, string, and percus
sion instruments” will illustrate

“both movement and dialogue"
said Michael Addison and Jane
Loeb. publicity staff of the Stan
ford players.
Additional tryouts will be held
Wednesday at 7 p.m. in Room 205
of Memorial Auditorium, and
Thursday at 4 p.m. in the Little
Theater. Stanley Weese, a gradu
ate student in drama, will direct
the production.
The Stanford Players open try
out today at 4 p.m. in the Little
Theater for the March production
of Sophocles’ tragedy, ‘‘Philoc
tetes.” There are available parts
for seven dancing-actors (men or
women), five speaking actors
(men), six chorus members (men

or /women), two musicians, a
composer, and a choreographer.

Five of the seven male roles of
the play require two actors. The
dancing actor in mask and cos
tume will interpret the dialogue
with movements. The speaking
actors in evening dross will give
their parts from the sides of the
stage.
The chorus will serve as “a hu
man vocal instrument producing
over a range from imitative
sounds to melody.” "A variety of
simple wind, string, and percus
sion instruments” will illustrate

“both movement and dialogue"
said Michael Addison and Jane
Loeb. publicity staff of the Stan
ford players.
Additional tryouts will be held
Wednesday at 7 p.m. in Room 205
of Memorial Auditorium, and
Thursday at 4 p.m. in the Little
Theater. Stanley Weese, a gradu
ate student in drama, will direct
the production.
The Stanford Players open try
out today at 4 p.m. in the Little
Theater for the March production
of Sophocles’ tragedy, ‘‘Philoc
tetes.” There are available parts
for seven dancing-actors (men or
women), five speaking actors
(men), six chorus members (men

or /women), two musicians, a
composer, and a choreographer.

Five of the seven male roles of
the play require two actors. The
dancing actor in mask and cos
tume will interpret the dialogue
with movements. The speaking
actors in evening dross will give
their parts from the sides of the
stage.
The chorus will serve as “a hu
man vocal instrument producing
over a range from imitative
sounds to melody.” "A variety of
simple wind, string, and percus
sion instruments” will illustrate

“both movement and dialogue"
said Michael Addison and Jane
Loeb. publicity staff of the Stan
ford players.
Additional tryouts will be held
Wednesday at 7 p.m. in Room 205
of Memorial Auditorium, and
Thursday at 4 p.m. in the Little
Theater. Stanley Weese, a gradu
ate student in drama, will direct
the production.
The Stanford Players open try
out today at 4 p.m. in the Little
Theater for the March production
of Sophocles’ tragedy, ‘‘Philoc
tetes.” There are available parts
for seven dancing-actors (men or
women), five speaking actors
(men), six chorus members (men

or /women), two musicians, a
composer, and a choreographer.

Five of the seven male roles of
the play require two actors. The
dancing actor in mask and cos
tume will interpret the dialogue
with movements. The speaking
actors in evening dross will give
their parts from the sides of the
stage.
The chorus will serve as “a hu
man vocal instrument producing
over a range from imitative
sounds to melody.” "A variety of
simple wind, string, and percus
sion instruments” will illustrate

“both movement and dialogue"
said Michael Addison and Jane
Loeb. publicity staff of the Stan
ford players.
Additional tryouts will be held
Wednesday at 7 p.m. in Room 205
of Memorial Auditorium, and
Thursday at 4 p.m. in the Little
Theater. Stanley Weese, a gradu
ate student in drama, will direct
the production.
The Stanford Players open try
out today at 4 p.m. in the Little
Theater for the March production
of Sophocles’ tragedy, ‘‘Philoc
tetes.” There are available parts
for seven dancing-actors (men or
women), five speaking actors
(men), six chorus members (men

or /women), two musicians, a
composer, and a choreographer.

Five of the seven male roles of
the play require two actors. The
dancing actor in mask and cos
tume will interpret the dialogue
with movements. The speaking
actors in evening dross will give
their parts from the sides of the
stage.
The chorus will serve as “a hu
man vocal instrument producing
over a range from imitative
sounds to melody.” "A variety of
simple wind, string, and percus
sion instruments” will illustrate

“both movement and dialogue"
said Michael Addison and Jane
Loeb. publicity staff of the Stan
ford players.
Additional tryouts will be held
Wednesday at 7 p.m. in Room 205
of Memorial Auditorium, and
Thursday at 4 p.m. in the Little
Theater. Stanley Weese, a gradu
ate student in drama, will direct
the production.
The Stanford Players open try
out today at 4 p.m. in the Little
Theater for the March production
of Sophocles’ tragedy, ‘‘Philoc
tetes.” There are available parts
for seven dancing-actors (men or
women), five speaking actors
(men), six chorus members (men

or /women), two musicians, a
composer, and a choreographer.

Five of the seven male roles of
the play require two actors. The
dancing actor in mask and cos
tume will interpret the dialogue
with movements. The speaking
actors in evening dross will give
their parts from the sides of the
stage.
The chorus will serve as “a hu
man vocal instrument producing
over a range from imitative
sounds to melody.” "A variety of
simple wind, string, and percus
sion instruments” will illustrate

“both movement and dialogue"
said Michael Addison and Jane
Loeb. publicity staff of the Stan
ford players.
Additional tryouts will be held
Wednesday at 7 p.m. in Room 205
of Memorial Auditorium, and
Thursday at 4 p.m. in the Little
Theater. Stanley Weese, a gradu
ate student in drama, will direct
the production.
The Stanford Players open try
out today at 4 p.m. in the Little
Theater for the March production
of Sophocles’ tragedy, ‘‘Philoc
tetes.” There are available parts
for seven dancing-actors (men or
women), five speaking actors
(men), six chorus members (men

or /women), two musicians, a
composer, and a choreographer.

Five of the seven male roles of
the play require two actors. The
dancing actor in mask and cos
tume will interpret the dialogue
with movements. The speaking
actors in evening dross will give
their parts from the sides of the
stage.
The chorus will serve as “a hu
man vocal instrument producing
over a range from imitative
sounds to melody.” "A variety of
simple wind, string, and percus
sion instruments” will illustrate

“both movement and dialogue"
said Michael Addison and Jane
Loeb. publicity staff of the Stan
ford players.
Additional tryouts will be held
Wednesday at 7 p.m. in Room 205
of Memorial Auditorium, and
Thursday at 4 p.m. in the Little
Theater. Stanley Weese, a gradu
ate student in drama, will direct
the production.
The Stanford Players open try
out today at 4 p.m. in the Little
Theater for the March production
of Sophocles’ tragedy, ‘‘Philoc
tetes.” There are available parts
for seven dancing-actors (men or
women), five speaking actors
(men), six chorus members (men

or /women), two musicians, a
composer, and a choreographer.

Five of the seven male roles of
the play require two actors. The
dancing actor in mask and cos
tume will interpret the dialogue
with movements. The speaking
actors in evening dross will give
their parts from the sides of the
stage.
The chorus will serve as “a hu
man vocal instrument producing
over a range from imitative
sounds to melody.” "A variety of
simple wind, string, and percus
sion instruments” will illustrate

“both movement and dialogue"
said Michael Addison and Jane
Loeb. publicity staff of the Stan
ford players.
Additional tryouts will be held
Wednesday at 7 p.m. in Room 205
of Memorial Auditorium, and
Thursday at 4 p.m. in the Little
Theater. Stanley Weese, a gradu
ate student in drama, will direct
the production.
The Stanford Players open try
out today at 4 p.m. in the Little
Theater for the March production
of Sophocles’ tragedy, ‘‘Philoc
tetes.” There are available parts
for seven dancing-actors (men or
women), five speaking actors
(men), six chorus members (men

or /women), two musicians, a
composer, and a choreographer.

Five of the seven male roles of
the play require two actors. The
dancing actor in mask and cos
tume will interpret the dialogue
with movements. The speaking
actors in evening dross will give
their parts from the sides of the
stage.
The chorus will serve as “a hu
man vocal instrument producing
over a range from imitative
sounds to melody.” "A variety of
simple wind, string, and percus
sion instruments” will illustrate

“both movement and dialogue"
said Michael Addison and Jane
Loeb. publicity staff of the Stan
ford players.
Additional tryouts will be held
Wednesday at 7 p.m. in Room 205
of Memorial Auditorium, and
Thursday at 4 p.m. in the Little
Theater. Stanley Weese, a gradu
ate student in drama, will direct
the production.
The Stanford Players open try
out today at 4 p.m. in the Little
Theater for the March production
of Sophocles’ tragedy, ‘‘Philoc
tetes.” There are available parts
for seven dancing-actors (men or
women), five speaking actors
(men), six chorus members (men

or /women), two musicians, a
composer, and a choreographer.

Five of the seven male roles of
the play require two actors. The
dancing actor in mask and cos
tume will interpret the dialogue
with movements. The speaking
actors in evening dross will give
their parts from the sides of the
stage.
The chorus will serve as “a hu
man vocal instrument producing
over a range from imitative
sounds to melody.” "A variety of
simple wind, string, and percus
sion instruments” will illustrate

“both movement and dialogue"
said Michael Addison and Jane
Loeb. publicity staff of the Stan
ford players.
Additional tryouts will be held
Wednesday at 7 p.m. in Room 205
of Memorial Auditorium, and
Thursday at 4 p.m. in the Little
Theater. Stanley Weese, a gradu
ate student in drama, will direct
the production.
