# Adv. 1 Page 2
## 
### 
llstrikeJ
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
llstrikeJ
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
llstrikeJ
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
llstrikeJ
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
llstrikeJ
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
llstrikeJ
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
llstrikeJ
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
llstrikeJ
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
llstrikeJ
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
llstrikeJ
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
llstrikeJ
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
llstrikeJ
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
llstrikeJ
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
llstrikeJ
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
llstrikeJ
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
llstrikeJ
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
