# Snakedom in Suspense As Coming Friday Night Has Message of Cheer
## 
### 
The passage of three days and three
nights will bring the campus snakes,
non-snakes, and even snake-haters so
lace when the music starts for the
opening round of Sigma I>elta Ohi's
All-University dance to be given this
coming Friday evening in the Wo
men's Clubhouse on the campus.
Music for the occasion will be dealt
out by Alabaster's orchestra, The regu
lar admission price of one dollar plus
nothing will be charged each couple.
Several important details disclosed by
the committee in charge last night re
veal the facts that the dance will not
be a costume affair; that a five-course
dinner will not be served; and that
decorations will not be omitted. Nine
o'clock is the hour set for the first
event.

That college sports are for the bene
fit of "the few" appears to be dis
proved by the official report of the
University Senate committee on inter
collegiate athletics at Minnesota,
which states that nearly 1,000 men stu
dents took part in organized athletics
last year.
The passage of three days and three
nights will bring the campus snakes,
non-snakes, and even snake-haters so
lace when the music starts for the
opening round of Sigma I>elta Ohi's
All-University dance to be given this
coming Friday evening in the Wo
men's Clubhouse on the campus.
Music for the occasion will be dealt
out by Alabaster's orchestra, The regu
lar admission price of one dollar plus
nothing will be charged each couple.
Several important details disclosed by
the committee in charge last night re
veal the facts that the dance will not
be a costume affair; that a five-course
dinner will not be served; and that
decorations will not be omitted. Nine
o'clock is the hour set for the first
event.

That college sports are for the bene
fit of "the few" appears to be dis
proved by the official report of the
University Senate committee on inter
collegiate athletics at Minnesota,
which states that nearly 1,000 men stu
dents took part in organized athletics
last year.
The passage of three days and three
nights will bring the campus snakes,
non-snakes, and even snake-haters so
lace when the music starts for the
opening round of Sigma I>elta Ohi's
All-University dance to be given this
coming Friday evening in the Wo
men's Clubhouse on the campus.
Music for the occasion will be dealt
out by Alabaster's orchestra, The regu
lar admission price of one dollar plus
nothing will be charged each couple.
Several important details disclosed by
the committee in charge last night re
veal the facts that the dance will not
be a costume affair; that a five-course
dinner will not be served; and that
decorations will not be omitted. Nine
o'clock is the hour set for the first
event.

That college sports are for the bene
fit of "the few" appears to be dis
proved by the official report of the
University Senate committee on inter
collegiate athletics at Minnesota,
which states that nearly 1,000 men stu
dents took part in organized athletics
last year.
The passage of three days and three
nights will bring the campus snakes,
non-snakes, and even snake-haters so
lace when the music starts for the
opening round of Sigma I>elta Ohi's
All-University dance to be given this
coming Friday evening in the Wo
men's Clubhouse on the campus.
Music for the occasion will be dealt
out by Alabaster's orchestra, The regu
lar admission price of one dollar plus
nothing will be charged each couple.
Several important details disclosed by
the committee in charge last night re
veal the facts that the dance will not
be a costume affair; that a five-course
dinner will not be served; and that
decorations will not be omitted. Nine
o'clock is the hour set for the first
event.

That college sports are for the bene
fit of "the few" appears to be dis
proved by the official report of the
University Senate committee on inter
collegiate athletics at Minnesota,
which states that nearly 1,000 men stu
dents took part in organized athletics
last year.
The passage of three days and three
nights will bring the campus snakes,
non-snakes, and even snake-haters so
lace when the music starts for the
opening round of Sigma I>elta Ohi's
All-University dance to be given this
coming Friday evening in the Wo
men's Clubhouse on the campus.
Music for the occasion will be dealt
out by Alabaster's orchestra, The regu
lar admission price of one dollar plus
nothing will be charged each couple.
Several important details disclosed by
the committee in charge last night re
veal the facts that the dance will not
be a costume affair; that a five-course
dinner will not be served; and that
decorations will not be omitted. Nine
o'clock is the hour set for the first
event.

That college sports are for the bene
fit of "the few" appears to be dis
proved by the official report of the
University Senate committee on inter
collegiate athletics at Minnesota,
which states that nearly 1,000 men stu
dents took part in organized athletics
last year.
The passage of three days and three
nights will bring the campus snakes,
non-snakes, and even snake-haters so
lace when the music starts for the
opening round of Sigma I>elta Ohi's
All-University dance to be given this
coming Friday evening in the Wo
men's Clubhouse on the campus.
Music for the occasion will be dealt
out by Alabaster's orchestra, The regu
lar admission price of one dollar plus
nothing will be charged each couple.
Several important details disclosed by
the committee in charge last night re
veal the facts that the dance will not
be a costume affair; that a five-course
dinner will not be served; and that
decorations will not be omitted. Nine
o'clock is the hour set for the first
event.

That college sports are for the bene
fit of "the few" appears to be dis
proved by the official report of the
University Senate committee on inter
collegiate athletics at Minnesota,
which states that nearly 1,000 men stu
dents took part in organized athletics
last year.
The passage of three days and three
nights will bring the campus snakes,
non-snakes, and even snake-haters so
lace when the music starts for the
opening round of Sigma I>elta Ohi's
All-University dance to be given this
coming Friday evening in the Wo
men's Clubhouse on the campus.
Music for the occasion will be dealt
out by Alabaster's orchestra, The regu
lar admission price of one dollar plus
nothing will be charged each couple.
Several important details disclosed by
the committee in charge last night re
veal the facts that the dance will not
be a costume affair; that a five-course
dinner will not be served; and that
decorations will not be omitted. Nine
o'clock is the hour set for the first
event.

That college sports are for the bene
fit of "the few" appears to be dis
proved by the official report of the
University Senate committee on inter
collegiate athletics at Minnesota,
which states that nearly 1,000 men stu
dents took part in organized athletics
last year.
The passage of three days and three
nights will bring the campus snakes,
non-snakes, and even snake-haters so
lace when the music starts for the
opening round of Sigma I>elta Ohi's
All-University dance to be given this
coming Friday evening in the Wo
men's Clubhouse on the campus.
Music for the occasion will be dealt
out by Alabaster's orchestra, The regu
lar admission price of one dollar plus
nothing will be charged each couple.
Several important details disclosed by
the committee in charge last night re
veal the facts that the dance will not
be a costume affair; that a five-course
dinner will not be served; and that
decorations will not be omitted. Nine
o'clock is the hour set for the first
event.

That college sports are for the bene
fit of "the few" appears to be dis
proved by the official report of the
University Senate committee on inter
collegiate athletics at Minnesota,
which states that nearly 1,000 men stu
dents took part in organized athletics
last year.
The passage of three days and three
nights will bring the campus snakes,
non-snakes, and even snake-haters so
lace when the music starts for the
opening round of Sigma I>elta Ohi's
All-University dance to be given this
coming Friday evening in the Wo
men's Clubhouse on the campus.
Music for the occasion will be dealt
out by Alabaster's orchestra, The regu
lar admission price of one dollar plus
nothing will be charged each couple.
Several important details disclosed by
the committee in charge last night re
veal the facts that the dance will not
be a costume affair; that a five-course
dinner will not be served; and that
decorations will not be omitted. Nine
o'clock is the hour set for the first
event.

That college sports are for the bene
fit of "the few" appears to be dis
proved by the official report of the
University Senate committee on inter
collegiate athletics at Minnesota,
which states that nearly 1,000 men stu
dents took part in organized athletics
last year.
The passage of three days and three
nights will bring the campus snakes,
non-snakes, and even snake-haters so
lace when the music starts for the
opening round of Sigma I>elta Ohi's
All-University dance to be given this
coming Friday evening in the Wo
men's Clubhouse on the campus.
Music for the occasion will be dealt
out by Alabaster's orchestra, The regu
lar admission price of one dollar plus
nothing will be charged each couple.
Several important details disclosed by
the committee in charge last night re
veal the facts that the dance will not
be a costume affair; that a five-course
dinner will not be served; and that
decorations will not be omitted. Nine
o'clock is the hour set for the first
event.

That college sports are for the bene
fit of "the few" appears to be dis
proved by the official report of the
University Senate committee on inter
collegiate athletics at Minnesota,
which states that nearly 1,000 men stu
dents took part in organized athletics
last year.
The passage of three days and three
nights will bring the campus snakes,
non-snakes, and even snake-haters so
lace when the music starts for the
opening round of Sigma I>elta Ohi's
All-University dance to be given this
coming Friday evening in the Wo
men's Clubhouse on the campus.
Music for the occasion will be dealt
out by Alabaster's orchestra, The regu
lar admission price of one dollar plus
nothing will be charged each couple.
Several important details disclosed by
the committee in charge last night re
veal the facts that the dance will not
be a costume affair; that a five-course
dinner will not be served; and that
decorations will not be omitted. Nine
o'clock is the hour set for the first
event.

That college sports are for the bene
fit of "the few" appears to be dis
proved by the official report of the
University Senate committee on inter
collegiate athletics at Minnesota,
which states that nearly 1,000 men stu
dents took part in organized athletics
last year.
The passage of three days and three
nights will bring the campus snakes,
non-snakes, and even snake-haters so
lace when the music starts for the
opening round of Sigma I>elta Ohi's
All-University dance to be given this
coming Friday evening in the Wo
men's Clubhouse on the campus.
Music for the occasion will be dealt
out by Alabaster's orchestra, The regu
lar admission price of one dollar plus
nothing will be charged each couple.
Several important details disclosed by
the committee in charge last night re
veal the facts that the dance will not
be a costume affair; that a five-course
dinner will not be served; and that
decorations will not be omitted. Nine
o'clock is the hour set for the first
event.

That college sports are for the bene
fit of "the few" appears to be dis
proved by the official report of the
University Senate committee on inter
collegiate athletics at Minnesota,
which states that nearly 1,000 men stu
dents took part in organized athletics
last year.
The passage of three days and three
nights will bring the campus snakes,
non-snakes, and even snake-haters so
lace when the music starts for the
opening round of Sigma I>elta Ohi's
All-University dance to be given this
coming Friday evening in the Wo
men's Clubhouse on the campus.
Music for the occasion will be dealt
out by Alabaster's orchestra, The regu
lar admission price of one dollar plus
nothing will be charged each couple.
Several important details disclosed by
the committee in charge last night re
veal the facts that the dance will not
be a costume affair; that a five-course
dinner will not be served; and that
decorations will not be omitted. Nine
o'clock is the hour set for the first
event.

That college sports are for the bene
fit of "the few" appears to be dis
proved by the official report of the
University Senate committee on inter
collegiate athletics at Minnesota,
which states that nearly 1,000 men stu
dents took part in organized athletics
last year.
The passage of three days and three
nights will bring the campus snakes,
non-snakes, and even snake-haters so
lace when the music starts for the
opening round of Sigma I>elta Ohi's
All-University dance to be given this
coming Friday evening in the Wo
men's Clubhouse on the campus.
Music for the occasion will be dealt
out by Alabaster's orchestra, The regu
lar admission price of one dollar plus
nothing will be charged each couple.
Several important details disclosed by
the committee in charge last night re
veal the facts that the dance will not
be a costume affair; that a five-course
dinner will not be served; and that
decorations will not be omitted. Nine
o'clock is the hour set for the first
event.

That college sports are for the bene
fit of "the few" appears to be dis
proved by the official report of the
University Senate committee on inter
collegiate athletics at Minnesota,
which states that nearly 1,000 men stu
dents took part in organized athletics
last year.
The passage of three days and three
nights will bring the campus snakes,
non-snakes, and even snake-haters so
lace when the music starts for the
opening round of Sigma I>elta Ohi's
All-University dance to be given this
coming Friday evening in the Wo
men's Clubhouse on the campus.
Music for the occasion will be dealt
out by Alabaster's orchestra, The regu
lar admission price of one dollar plus
nothing will be charged each couple.
Several important details disclosed by
the committee in charge last night re
veal the facts that the dance will not
be a costume affair; that a five-course
dinner will not be served; and that
decorations will not be omitted. Nine
o'clock is the hour set for the first
event.

That college sports are for the bene
fit of "the few" appears to be dis
proved by the official report of the
University Senate committee on inter
collegiate athletics at Minnesota,
which states that nearly 1,000 men stu
dents took part in organized athletics
last year.
The passage of three days and three
nights will bring the campus snakes,
non-snakes, and even snake-haters so
lace when the music starts for the
opening round of Sigma I>elta Ohi's
All-University dance to be given this
coming Friday evening in the Wo
men's Clubhouse on the campus.
Music for the occasion will be dealt
out by Alabaster's orchestra, The regu
lar admission price of one dollar plus
nothing will be charged each couple.
Several important details disclosed by
the committee in charge last night re
veal the facts that the dance will not
be a costume affair; that a five-course
dinner will not be served; and that
decorations will not be omitted. Nine
o'clock is the hour set for the first
event.

That college sports are for the bene
fit of "the few" appears to be dis
proved by the official report of the
University Senate committee on inter
collegiate athletics at Minnesota,
which states that nearly 1,000 men stu
dents took part in organized athletics
last year.
