# BRANNER HALL MEN ORGANIZE NEW CLUB
## 
### 
Students now living in Branner hall
met last night for the first time with
the purpose ot" organizing Branner
Club. A constitutional committee was
elected which was instructed to draw
up a constitution for the new club.
The constitution will be adopted and
the club formally inaugurated at its
next meeting to be held in the near
future.
Students now living in Branner hall
met last night for the first time with
the purpose ot" organizing Branner
Club. A constitutional committee was
elected which was instructed to draw
up a constitution for the new club.
The constitution will be adopted and
the club formally inaugurated at its
next meeting to be held in the near
future.
Students now living in Branner hall
met last night for the first time with
the purpose ot" organizing Branner
Club. A constitutional committee was
elected which was instructed to draw
up a constitution for the new club.
The constitution will be adopted and
the club formally inaugurated at its
next meeting to be held in the near
future.
Students now living in Branner hall
met last night for the first time with
the purpose ot" organizing Branner
Club. A constitutional committee was
elected which was instructed to draw
up a constitution for the new club.
The constitution will be adopted and
the club formally inaugurated at its
next meeting to be held in the near
future.
Students now living in Branner hall
met last night for the first time with
the purpose ot" organizing Branner
Club. A constitutional committee was
elected which was instructed to draw
up a constitution for the new club.
The constitution will be adopted and
the club formally inaugurated at its
next meeting to be held in the near
future.
Students now living in Branner hall
met last night for the first time with
the purpose ot" organizing Branner
Club. A constitutional committee was
elected which was instructed to draw
up a constitution for the new club.
The constitution will be adopted and
the club formally inaugurated at its
next meeting to be held in the near
future.
Students now living in Branner hall
met last night for the first time with
the purpose ot" organizing Branner
Club. A constitutional committee was
elected which was instructed to draw
up a constitution for the new club.
The constitution will be adopted and
the club formally inaugurated at its
next meeting to be held in the near
future.
Students now living in Branner hall
met last night for the first time with
the purpose ot" organizing Branner
Club. A constitutional committee was
elected which was instructed to draw
up a constitution for the new club.
The constitution will be adopted and
the club formally inaugurated at its
next meeting to be held in the near
future.
Students now living in Branner hall
met last night for the first time with
the purpose ot" organizing Branner
Club. A constitutional committee was
elected which was instructed to draw
up a constitution for the new club.
The constitution will be adopted and
the club formally inaugurated at its
next meeting to be held in the near
future.
Students now living in Branner hall
met last night for the first time with
the purpose ot" organizing Branner
Club. A constitutional committee was
elected which was instructed to draw
up a constitution for the new club.
The constitution will be adopted and
the club formally inaugurated at its
next meeting to be held in the near
future.
Students now living in Branner hall
met last night for the first time with
the purpose ot" organizing Branner
Club. A constitutional committee was
elected which was instructed to draw
up a constitution for the new club.
The constitution will be adopted and
the club formally inaugurated at its
next meeting to be held in the near
future.
Students now living in Branner hall
met last night for the first time with
the purpose ot" organizing Branner
Club. A constitutional committee was
elected which was instructed to draw
up a constitution for the new club.
The constitution will be adopted and
the club formally inaugurated at its
next meeting to be held in the near
future.
Students now living in Branner hall
met last night for the first time with
the purpose ot" organizing Branner
Club. A constitutional committee was
elected which was instructed to draw
up a constitution for the new club.
The constitution will be adopted and
the club formally inaugurated at its
next meeting to be held in the near
future.
Students now living in Branner hall
met last night for the first time with
the purpose ot" organizing Branner
Club. A constitutional committee was
elected which was instructed to draw
up a constitution for the new club.
The constitution will be adopted and
the club formally inaugurated at its
next meeting to be held in the near
future.
Students now living in Branner hall
met last night for the first time with
the purpose ot" organizing Branner
Club. A constitutional committee was
elected which was instructed to draw
up a constitution for the new club.
The constitution will be adopted and
the club formally inaugurated at its
next meeting to be held in the near
future.
Students now living in Branner hall
met last night for the first time with
the purpose ot" organizing Branner
Club. A constitutional committee was
elected which was instructed to draw
up a constitution for the new club.
The constitution will be adopted and
the club formally inaugurated at its
next meeting to be held in the near
future.
