# Interior of Gymnasium Enlarged.
## 
### 
The working space of the Gym
nasium has been materially in
creased by the removal of the bi
cycle shop and several changes in
the position of apparatus. The
space formerly occupied by the
cyclery now contains the rowing
machines. The work-room, which
was also located in the rear of the
building, has been moved to the
room on the north side of the Gym
nasium formerly occupied as a
dark-room and laboratory. The
additional space secured has been
filled by a new vaulting-bar and
two new fencing lockers. The sport
of fencing has not been actively
practiced for two years, and it is
expected that the addition of new
apparatus will revive interest in
the art.
The strain on the floor of the
Gymnasium has been lessened by
moving the vaulting-horse upstairs
and rearranging the position of the
remaining apparatus.
