# Adv. 23 Page 4
## 
### 
Mon.-T lies.-Wed.,
April 20-21-22
BETT COMPSON
WALLACE MacDONALD
THEODORE KOSLQFF
in
"New Lives for Old"
Betty will make your eyes
and heart dance, in the
fascinating role of a
Parisian Dancer.
IT'S BETTY'S BEST BET!
Lloyd Hamilton in
"HALF A HERO"
Kinograms
"Voice of the Nightingale"
Fable in Color
Mon.-T lies.-Wed.,
April 20-21-22
BETT COMPSON
WALLACE MacDONALD
THEODORE KOSLQFF
in
"New Lives for Old"
Betty will make your eyes
and heart dance, in the
fascinating role of a
Parisian Dancer.
IT'S BETTY'S BEST BET!
Lloyd Hamilton in
"HALF A HERO"
Kinograms
"Voice of the Nightingale"
Fable in Color
Mon.-T lies.-Wed.,
April 20-21-22
BETT COMPSON
WALLACE MacDONALD
THEODORE KOSLQFF
in
"New Lives for Old"
Betty will make your eyes
and heart dance, in the
fascinating role of a
Parisian Dancer.
IT'S BETTY'S BEST BET!
Lloyd Hamilton in
"HALF A HERO"
Kinograms
"Voice of the Nightingale"
Fable in Color
Mon.-T lies.-Wed.,
April 20-21-22
BETT COMPSON
WALLACE MacDONALD
THEODORE KOSLQFF
in
"New Lives for Old"
Betty will make your eyes
and heart dance, in the
fascinating role of a
Parisian Dancer.
IT'S BETTY'S BEST BET!
Lloyd Hamilton in
"HALF A HERO"
Kinograms
"Voice of the Nightingale"
Fable in Color
Mon.-T lies.-Wed.,
April 20-21-22
BETT COMPSON
WALLACE MacDONALD
THEODORE KOSLQFF
in
"New Lives for Old"
Betty will make your eyes
and heart dance, in the
fascinating role of a
Parisian Dancer.
IT'S BETTY'S BEST BET!
Lloyd Hamilton in
"HALF A HERO"
Kinograms
"Voice of the Nightingale"
Fable in Color
Mon.-T lies.-Wed.,
April 20-21-22
BETT COMPSON
WALLACE MacDONALD
THEODORE KOSLQFF
in
"New Lives for Old"
Betty will make your eyes
and heart dance, in the
fascinating role of a
Parisian Dancer.
IT'S BETTY'S BEST BET!
Lloyd Hamilton in
"HALF A HERO"
Kinograms
"Voice of the Nightingale"
Fable in Color
Mon.-T lies.-Wed.,
April 20-21-22
BETT COMPSON
WALLACE MacDONALD
THEODORE KOSLQFF
in
"New Lives for Old"
Betty will make your eyes
and heart dance, in the
fascinating role of a
Parisian Dancer.
IT'S BETTY'S BEST BET!
Lloyd Hamilton in
"HALF A HERO"
Kinograms
"Voice of the Nightingale"
Fable in Color
Mon.-T lies.-Wed.,
April 20-21-22
BETT COMPSON
WALLACE MacDONALD
THEODORE KOSLQFF
in
"New Lives for Old"
Betty will make your eyes
and heart dance, in the
fascinating role of a
Parisian Dancer.
IT'S BETTY'S BEST BET!
Lloyd Hamilton in
"HALF A HERO"
Kinograms
"Voice of the Nightingale"
Fable in Color
Mon.-T lies.-Wed.,
April 20-21-22
BETT COMPSON
WALLACE MacDONALD
THEODORE KOSLQFF
in
"New Lives for Old"
Betty will make your eyes
and heart dance, in the
fascinating role of a
Parisian Dancer.
IT'S BETTY'S BEST BET!
Lloyd Hamilton in
"HALF A HERO"
Kinograms
"Voice of the Nightingale"
Fable in Color
Mon.-T lies.-Wed.,
April 20-21-22
BETT COMPSON
WALLACE MacDONALD
THEODORE KOSLQFF
in
"New Lives for Old"
Betty will make your eyes
and heart dance, in the
fascinating role of a
Parisian Dancer.
IT'S BETTY'S BEST BET!
Lloyd Hamilton in
"HALF A HERO"
Kinograms
"Voice of the Nightingale"
Fable in Color
Mon.-T lies.-Wed.,
April 20-21-22
BETT COMPSON
WALLACE MacDONALD
THEODORE KOSLQFF
in
"New Lives for Old"
Betty will make your eyes
and heart dance, in the
fascinating role of a
Parisian Dancer.
IT'S BETTY'S BEST BET!
Lloyd Hamilton in
"HALF A HERO"
Kinograms
"Voice of the Nightingale"
Fable in Color
Mon.-T lies.-Wed.,
April 20-21-22
BETT COMPSON
WALLACE MacDONALD
THEODORE KOSLQFF
in
"New Lives for Old"
Betty will make your eyes
and heart dance, in the
fascinating role of a
Parisian Dancer.
IT'S BETTY'S BEST BET!
Lloyd Hamilton in
"HALF A HERO"
Kinograms
"Voice of the Nightingale"
Fable in Color
Mon.-T lies.-Wed.,
April 20-21-22
BETT COMPSON
WALLACE MacDONALD
THEODORE KOSLQFF
in
"New Lives for Old"
Betty will make your eyes
and heart dance, in the
fascinating role of a
Parisian Dancer.
IT'S BETTY'S BEST BET!
Lloyd Hamilton in
"HALF A HERO"
Kinograms
"Voice of the Nightingale"
Fable in Color
Mon.-T lies.-Wed.,
April 20-21-22
BETT COMPSON
WALLACE MacDONALD
THEODORE KOSLQFF
in
"New Lives for Old"
Betty will make your eyes
and heart dance, in the
fascinating role of a
Parisian Dancer.
IT'S BETTY'S BEST BET!
Lloyd Hamilton in
"HALF A HERO"
Kinograms
"Voice of the Nightingale"
Fable in Color
Mon.-T lies.-Wed.,
April 20-21-22
BETT COMPSON
WALLACE MacDONALD
THEODORE KOSLQFF
in
"New Lives for Old"
Betty will make your eyes
and heart dance, in the
fascinating role of a
Parisian Dancer.
IT'S BETTY'S BEST BET!
Lloyd Hamilton in
"HALF A HERO"
Kinograms
"Voice of the Nightingale"
Fable in Color
