# HE DID IT AGAIN
## 
### 

Coach "Dink" Templeton, youngest
track mentor in the United States,
who has defeated California twice in
succession.

Coach "Dink" Templeton, youngest
track mentor in the United States,
who has defeated California twice in
succession.

Coach "Dink" Templeton, youngest
track mentor in the United States,
who has defeated California twice in
succession.

Coach "Dink" Templeton, youngest
track mentor in the United States,
who has defeated California twice in
succession.

Coach "Dink" Templeton, youngest
track mentor in the United States,
who has defeated California twice in
succession.

Coach "Dink" Templeton, youngest
track mentor in the United States,
who has defeated California twice in
succession.

Coach "Dink" Templeton, youngest
track mentor in the United States,
who has defeated California twice in
succession.

Coach "Dink" Templeton, youngest
track mentor in the United States,
who has defeated California twice in
succession.

Coach "Dink" Templeton, youngest
track mentor in the United States,
who has defeated California twice in
succession.

Coach "Dink" Templeton, youngest
track mentor in the United States,
who has defeated California twice in
succession.

Coach "Dink" Templeton, youngest
track mentor in the United States,
who has defeated California twice in
succession.

Coach "Dink" Templeton, youngest
track mentor in the United States,
who has defeated California twice in
succession.

Coach "Dink" Templeton, youngest
track mentor in the United States,
who has defeated California twice in
succession.

Coach "Dink" Templeton, youngest
track mentor in the United States,
who has defeated California twice in
succession.

Coach "Dink" Templeton, youngest
track mentor in the United States,
who has defeated California twice in
succession.
