# Fontius, Quad Manager, Gets S.F. Advertising Job
## 
### 
First sophomore to be a Quael
manager, Charles Fontius, has risen
to the position of San Francisco ad
vestising manager, according to the
announcement of Harold Whitfield,
business manager of the yearbook.
Fontius gets the advancement clue
to outstanding work in his fresh
man year. Appointed at the same
time as other Quad managers, his
name was omitted in the Daily an
nouncement, due to an error.
Alabama football players drink
orange juice after every practice.
First sophomore to be a Quael
manager, Charles Fontius, has risen
to the position of San Francisco ad
vestising manager, according to the
announcement of Harold Whitfield,
business manager of the yearbook.
Fontius gets the advancement clue
to outstanding work in his fresh
man year. Appointed at the same
time as other Quad managers, his
name was omitted in the Daily an
nouncement, due to an error.
Alabama football players drink
orange juice after every practice.
First sophomore to be a Quael
manager, Charles Fontius, has risen
to the position of San Francisco ad
vestising manager, according to the
announcement of Harold Whitfield,
business manager of the yearbook.
Fontius gets the advancement clue
to outstanding work in his fresh
man year. Appointed at the same
time as other Quad managers, his
name was omitted in the Daily an
nouncement, due to an error.
Alabama football players drink
orange juice after every practice.
First sophomore to be a Quael
manager, Charles Fontius, has risen
to the position of San Francisco ad
vestising manager, according to the
announcement of Harold Whitfield,
business manager of the yearbook.
Fontius gets the advancement clue
to outstanding work in his fresh
man year. Appointed at the same
time as other Quad managers, his
name was omitted in the Daily an
nouncement, due to an error.
Alabama football players drink
orange juice after every practice.
First sophomore to be a Quael
manager, Charles Fontius, has risen
to the position of San Francisco ad
vestising manager, according to the
announcement of Harold Whitfield,
business manager of the yearbook.
Fontius gets the advancement clue
to outstanding work in his fresh
man year. Appointed at the same
time as other Quad managers, his
name was omitted in the Daily an
nouncement, due to an error.
Alabama football players drink
orange juice after every practice.
First sophomore to be a Quael
manager, Charles Fontius, has risen
to the position of San Francisco ad
vestising manager, according to the
announcement of Harold Whitfield,
business manager of the yearbook.
Fontius gets the advancement clue
to outstanding work in his fresh
man year. Appointed at the same
time as other Quad managers, his
name was omitted in the Daily an
nouncement, due to an error.
Alabama football players drink
orange juice after every practice.
First sophomore to be a Quael
manager, Charles Fontius, has risen
to the position of San Francisco ad
vestising manager, according to the
announcement of Harold Whitfield,
business manager of the yearbook.
Fontius gets the advancement clue
to outstanding work in his fresh
man year. Appointed at the same
time as other Quad managers, his
name was omitted in the Daily an
nouncement, due to an error.
Alabama football players drink
orange juice after every practice.
First sophomore to be a Quael
manager, Charles Fontius, has risen
to the position of San Francisco ad
vestising manager, according to the
announcement of Harold Whitfield,
business manager of the yearbook.
Fontius gets the advancement clue
to outstanding work in his fresh
man year. Appointed at the same
time as other Quad managers, his
name was omitted in the Daily an
nouncement, due to an error.
Alabama football players drink
orange juice after every practice.
First sophomore to be a Quael
manager, Charles Fontius, has risen
to the position of San Francisco ad
vestising manager, according to the
announcement of Harold Whitfield,
business manager of the yearbook.
Fontius gets the advancement clue
to outstanding work in his fresh
man year. Appointed at the same
time as other Quad managers, his
name was omitted in the Daily an
nouncement, due to an error.
Alabama football players drink
orange juice after every practice.
First sophomore to be a Quael
manager, Charles Fontius, has risen
to the position of San Francisco ad
vestising manager, according to the
announcement of Harold Whitfield,
business manager of the yearbook.
Fontius gets the advancement clue
to outstanding work in his fresh
man year. Appointed at the same
time as other Quad managers, his
name was omitted in the Daily an
nouncement, due to an error.
Alabama football players drink
orange juice after every practice.
First sophomore to be a Quael
manager, Charles Fontius, has risen
to the position of San Francisco ad
vestising manager, according to the
announcement of Harold Whitfield,
business manager of the yearbook.
Fontius gets the advancement clue
to outstanding work in his fresh
man year. Appointed at the same
time as other Quad managers, his
name was omitted in the Daily an
nouncement, due to an error.
Alabama football players drink
orange juice after every practice.
First sophomore to be a Quael
manager, Charles Fontius, has risen
to the position of San Francisco ad
vestising manager, according to the
announcement of Harold Whitfield,
business manager of the yearbook.
Fontius gets the advancement clue
to outstanding work in his fresh
man year. Appointed at the same
time as other Quad managers, his
name was omitted in the Daily an
nouncement, due to an error.
Alabama football players drink
orange juice after every practice.
First sophomore to be a Quael
manager, Charles Fontius, has risen
to the position of San Francisco ad
vestising manager, according to the
announcement of Harold Whitfield,
business manager of the yearbook.
Fontius gets the advancement clue
to outstanding work in his fresh
man year. Appointed at the same
time as other Quad managers, his
name was omitted in the Daily an
nouncement, due to an error.
Alabama football players drink
orange juice after every practice.
First sophomore to be a Quael
manager, Charles Fontius, has risen
to the position of San Francisco ad
vestising manager, according to the
announcement of Harold Whitfield,
business manager of the yearbook.
Fontius gets the advancement clue
to outstanding work in his fresh
man year. Appointed at the same
time as other Quad managers, his
name was omitted in the Daily an
nouncement, due to an error.
Alabama football players drink
orange juice after every practice.
First sophomore to be a Quael
manager, Charles Fontius, has risen
to the position of San Francisco ad
vestising manager, according to the
announcement of Harold Whitfield,
business manager of the yearbook.
Fontius gets the advancement clue
to outstanding work in his fresh
man year. Appointed at the same
time as other Quad managers, his
name was omitted in the Daily an
nouncement, due to an error.
Alabama football players drink
orange juice after every practice.
