# METHODIST PARTY
## 
### 
Welcoming new Stanford Metho
dists, 100 Stanford students at
tended the Methodist conference
party at the home of Professor and
Mrs. Robert E. Swain for a "get
ter,ether* last Friday night.
Welcoming new Stanford Metho
dists, 100 Stanford students at
tended the Methodist conference
party at the home of Professor and
Mrs. Robert E. Swain for a "get
ter,ether* last Friday night.
Welcoming new Stanford Metho
dists, 100 Stanford students at
tended the Methodist conference
party at the home of Professor and
Mrs. Robert E. Swain for a "get
ter,ether* last Friday night.
Welcoming new Stanford Metho
dists, 100 Stanford students at
tended the Methodist conference
party at the home of Professor and
Mrs. Robert E. Swain for a "get
ter,ether* last Friday night.
Welcoming new Stanford Metho
dists, 100 Stanford students at
tended the Methodist conference
party at the home of Professor and
Mrs. Robert E. Swain for a "get
ter,ether* last Friday night.
Welcoming new Stanford Metho
dists, 100 Stanford students at
tended the Methodist conference
party at the home of Professor and
Mrs. Robert E. Swain for a "get
ter,ether* last Friday night.
Welcoming new Stanford Metho
dists, 100 Stanford students at
tended the Methodist conference
party at the home of Professor and
Mrs. Robert E. Swain for a "get
ter,ether* last Friday night.
Welcoming new Stanford Metho
dists, 100 Stanford students at
tended the Methodist conference
party at the home of Professor and
Mrs. Robert E. Swain for a "get
ter,ether* last Friday night.
Welcoming new Stanford Metho
dists, 100 Stanford students at
tended the Methodist conference
party at the home of Professor and
Mrs. Robert E. Swain for a "get
ter,ether* last Friday night.
Welcoming new Stanford Metho
dists, 100 Stanford students at
tended the Methodist conference
party at the home of Professor and
Mrs. Robert E. Swain for a "get
ter,ether* last Friday night.
Welcoming new Stanford Metho
dists, 100 Stanford students at
tended the Methodist conference
party at the home of Professor and
Mrs. Robert E. Swain for a "get
ter,ether* last Friday night.
Welcoming new Stanford Metho
dists, 100 Stanford students at
tended the Methodist conference
party at the home of Professor and
Mrs. Robert E. Swain for a "get
ter,ether* last Friday night.
Welcoming new Stanford Metho
dists, 100 Stanford students at
tended the Methodist conference
party at the home of Professor and
Mrs. Robert E. Swain for a "get
ter,ether* last Friday night.
Welcoming new Stanford Metho
dists, 100 Stanford students at
tended the Methodist conference
party at the home of Professor and
Mrs. Robert E. Swain for a "get
ter,ether* last Friday night.
Welcoming new Stanford Metho
dists, 100 Stanford students at
tended the Methodist conference
party at the home of Professor and
Mrs. Robert E. Swain for a "get
ter,ether* last Friday night.
