# DELTA CHI PLEDGE
## 
### 
Delta Chi announces the pledg
ing of Gale R. Blosser, '.'55.
Delta Chi announces the pledg
ing of Gale R. Blosser, '.'55.
Delta Chi announces the pledg
ing of Gale R. Blosser, '.'55.
Delta Chi announces the pledg
ing of Gale R. Blosser, '.'55.
Delta Chi announces the pledg
ing of Gale R. Blosser, '.'55.
Delta Chi announces the pledg
ing of Gale R. Blosser, '.'55.
Delta Chi announces the pledg
ing of Gale R. Blosser, '.'55.
Delta Chi announces the pledg
ing of Gale R. Blosser, '.'55.
Delta Chi announces the pledg
ing of Gale R. Blosser, '.'55.
Delta Chi announces the pledg
ing of Gale R. Blosser, '.'55.
Delta Chi announces the pledg
ing of Gale R. Blosser, '.'55.
Delta Chi announces the pledg
ing of Gale R. Blosser, '.'55.
Delta Chi announces the pledg
ing of Gale R. Blosser, '.'55.
Delta Chi announces the pledg
ing of Gale R. Blosser, '.'55.
Delta Chi announces the pledg
ing of Gale R. Blosser, '.'55.
