# Pillows for Jean
## 
### 
Platinum head resting easily on a
white pillow, Jean Harlow recovers
fiom an emergency appendicitis op
eration, undergone .yesterday morn-
Platinum head resting easily on a
white pillow, Jean Harlow recovers
fiom an emergency appendicitis op
eration, undergone .yesterday morn-
Platinum head resting easily on a
white pillow, Jean Harlow recovers
fiom an emergency appendicitis op
eration, undergone .yesterday morn-
Platinum head resting easily on a
white pillow, Jean Harlow recovers
fiom an emergency appendicitis op
eration, undergone .yesterday morn-
Platinum head resting easily on a
white pillow, Jean Harlow recovers
fiom an emergency appendicitis op
eration, undergone .yesterday morn-
Platinum head resting easily on a
white pillow, Jean Harlow recovers
fiom an emergency appendicitis op
eration, undergone .yesterday morn-
Platinum head resting easily on a
white pillow, Jean Harlow recovers
fiom an emergency appendicitis op
eration, undergone .yesterday morn-
Platinum head resting easily on a
white pillow, Jean Harlow recovers
fiom an emergency appendicitis op
eration, undergone .yesterday morn-
Platinum head resting easily on a
white pillow, Jean Harlow recovers
fiom an emergency appendicitis op
eration, undergone .yesterday morn-
Platinum head resting easily on a
white pillow, Jean Harlow recovers
fiom an emergency appendicitis op
eration, undergone .yesterday morn-
Platinum head resting easily on a
white pillow, Jean Harlow recovers
fiom an emergency appendicitis op
eration, undergone .yesterday morn-
Platinum head resting easily on a
white pillow, Jean Harlow recovers
fiom an emergency appendicitis op
eration, undergone .yesterday morn-
Platinum head resting easily on a
white pillow, Jean Harlow recovers
fiom an emergency appendicitis op
eration, undergone .yesterday morn-
Platinum head resting easily on a
white pillow, Jean Harlow recovers
fiom an emergency appendicitis op
eration, undergone .yesterday morn-
Platinum head resting easily on a
white pillow, Jean Harlow recovers
fiom an emergency appendicitis op
eration, undergone .yesterday morn-
