# Two Trojans Suffer Leg Injuries in Gael Contest
## 
### 
Saturday's gruelling Gael-Trojan
contest left the latter team with two
injured men, Ford Palmer and Bob
Erskine.
Palmer, varsity captain, suffers an
injured leg. No dislocations or bone
fractures were revealed by the X
ray.
Erskine, hefty tackle, also com
plains of leg injury. Although his
knee is badly bruised, physicians do
not hold the hurt as permanently
damaging.
Saturday's gruelling Gael-Trojan
contest left the latter team with two
injured men, Ford Palmer and Bob
Erskine.
Palmer, varsity captain, suffers an
injured leg. No dislocations or bone
fractures were revealed by the X
ray.
Erskine, hefty tackle, also com
plains of leg injury. Although his
knee is badly bruised, physicians do
not hold the hurt as permanently
damaging.
Saturday's gruelling Gael-Trojan
contest left the latter team with two
injured men, Ford Palmer and Bob
Erskine.
Palmer, varsity captain, suffers an
injured leg. No dislocations or bone
fractures were revealed by the X
ray.
Erskine, hefty tackle, also com
plains of leg injury. Although his
knee is badly bruised, physicians do
not hold the hurt as permanently
damaging.
Saturday's gruelling Gael-Trojan
contest left the latter team with two
injured men, Ford Palmer and Bob
Erskine.
Palmer, varsity captain, suffers an
injured leg. No dislocations or bone
fractures were revealed by the X
ray.
Erskine, hefty tackle, also com
plains of leg injury. Although his
knee is badly bruised, physicians do
not hold the hurt as permanently
damaging.
Saturday's gruelling Gael-Trojan
contest left the latter team with two
injured men, Ford Palmer and Bob
Erskine.
Palmer, varsity captain, suffers an
injured leg. No dislocations or bone
fractures were revealed by the X
ray.
Erskine, hefty tackle, also com
plains of leg injury. Although his
knee is badly bruised, physicians do
not hold the hurt as permanently
damaging.
Saturday's gruelling Gael-Trojan
contest left the latter team with two
injured men, Ford Palmer and Bob
Erskine.
Palmer, varsity captain, suffers an
injured leg. No dislocations or bone
fractures were revealed by the X
ray.
Erskine, hefty tackle, also com
plains of leg injury. Although his
knee is badly bruised, physicians do
not hold the hurt as permanently
damaging.
Saturday's gruelling Gael-Trojan
contest left the latter team with two
injured men, Ford Palmer and Bob
Erskine.
Palmer, varsity captain, suffers an
injured leg. No dislocations or bone
fractures were revealed by the X
ray.
Erskine, hefty tackle, also com
plains of leg injury. Although his
knee is badly bruised, physicians do
not hold the hurt as permanently
damaging.
Saturday's gruelling Gael-Trojan
contest left the latter team with two
injured men, Ford Palmer and Bob
Erskine.
Palmer, varsity captain, suffers an
injured leg. No dislocations or bone
fractures were revealed by the X
ray.
Erskine, hefty tackle, also com
plains of leg injury. Although his
knee is badly bruised, physicians do
not hold the hurt as permanently
damaging.
Saturday's gruelling Gael-Trojan
contest left the latter team with two
injured men, Ford Palmer and Bob
Erskine.
Palmer, varsity captain, suffers an
injured leg. No dislocations or bone
fractures were revealed by the X
ray.
Erskine, hefty tackle, also com
plains of leg injury. Although his
knee is badly bruised, physicians do
not hold the hurt as permanently
damaging.
Saturday's gruelling Gael-Trojan
contest left the latter team with two
injured men, Ford Palmer and Bob
Erskine.
Palmer, varsity captain, suffers an
injured leg. No dislocations or bone
fractures were revealed by the X
ray.
Erskine, hefty tackle, also com
plains of leg injury. Although his
knee is badly bruised, physicians do
not hold the hurt as permanently
damaging.
Saturday's gruelling Gael-Trojan
contest left the latter team with two
injured men, Ford Palmer and Bob
Erskine.
Palmer, varsity captain, suffers an
injured leg. No dislocations or bone
fractures were revealed by the X
ray.
Erskine, hefty tackle, also com
plains of leg injury. Although his
knee is badly bruised, physicians do
not hold the hurt as permanently
damaging.
Saturday's gruelling Gael-Trojan
contest left the latter team with two
injured men, Ford Palmer and Bob
Erskine.
Palmer, varsity captain, suffers an
injured leg. No dislocations or bone
fractures were revealed by the X
ray.
Erskine, hefty tackle, also com
plains of leg injury. Although his
knee is badly bruised, physicians do
not hold the hurt as permanently
damaging.
Saturday's gruelling Gael-Trojan
contest left the latter team with two
injured men, Ford Palmer and Bob
Erskine.
Palmer, varsity captain, suffers an
injured leg. No dislocations or bone
fractures were revealed by the X
ray.
Erskine, hefty tackle, also com
plains of leg injury. Although his
knee is badly bruised, physicians do
not hold the hurt as permanently
damaging.
Saturday's gruelling Gael-Trojan
contest left the latter team with two
injured men, Ford Palmer and Bob
Erskine.
Palmer, varsity captain, suffers an
injured leg. No dislocations or bone
fractures were revealed by the X
ray.
Erskine, hefty tackle, also com
plains of leg injury. Although his
knee is badly bruised, physicians do
not hold the hurt as permanently
damaging.
Saturday's gruelling Gael-Trojan
contest left the latter team with two
injured men, Ford Palmer and Bob
Erskine.
Palmer, varsity captain, suffers an
injured leg. No dislocations or bone
fractures were revealed by the X
ray.
Erskine, hefty tackle, also com
plains of leg injury. Although his
knee is badly bruised, physicians do
not hold the hurt as permanently
damaging.
