# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Campus Drug Store—Carries
complete line of drugs and toilet ar
ticles. Ice Cream Soda and Cafidv.
Southwest of Quad. Phone Main 161.
The Campus Drug Store—Carries
complete line of drugs and toilet ar
ticles. Ice Cream Soda and Cafidv.
Southwest of Quad. Phone Main 161.
The Campus Drug Store—Carries
complete line of drugs and toilet ar
ticles. Ice Cream Soda and Cafidv.
Southwest of Quad. Phone Main 161.
The Campus Drug Store—Carries
complete line of drugs and toilet ar
ticles. Ice Cream Soda and Cafidv.
Southwest of Quad. Phone Main 161.
The Campus Drug Store—Carries
complete line of drugs and toilet ar
ticles. Ice Cream Soda and Cafidv.
Southwest of Quad. Phone Main 161.
The Campus Drug Store—Carries
complete line of drugs and toilet ar
ticles. Ice Cream Soda and Cafidv.
Southwest of Quad. Phone Main 161.
The Campus Drug Store—Carries
complete line of drugs and toilet ar
ticles. Ice Cream Soda and Cafidv.
Southwest of Quad. Phone Main 161.
The Campus Drug Store—Carries
complete line of drugs and toilet ar
ticles. Ice Cream Soda and Cafidv.
Southwest of Quad. Phone Main 161.
The Campus Drug Store—Carries
complete line of drugs and toilet ar
ticles. Ice Cream Soda and Cafidv.
Southwest of Quad. Phone Main 161.
