# Adv. 7 Page 4
## 
### 
It's your page!
The Daily welcomes opinions, letters and
cartoons on topics of interest to the Stanford
community. Materials submitted for publica
tion must be double spaced on a 57 character
line. We reserve the right to edit for brevity
and clarity.
It's your page!
The Daily welcomes opinions, letters and
cartoons on topics of interest to the Stanford
community. Materials submitted for publica
tion must be double spaced on a 57 character
line. We reserve the right to edit for brevity
and clarity.
It's your page!
The Daily welcomes opinions, letters and
cartoons on topics of interest to the Stanford
community. Materials submitted for publica
tion must be double spaced on a 57 character
line. We reserve the right to edit for brevity
and clarity.
It's your page!
The Daily welcomes opinions, letters and
cartoons on topics of interest to the Stanford
community. Materials submitted for publica
tion must be double spaced on a 57 character
line. We reserve the right to edit for brevity
and clarity.
It's your page!
The Daily welcomes opinions, letters and
cartoons on topics of interest to the Stanford
community. Materials submitted for publica
tion must be double spaced on a 57 character
line. We reserve the right to edit for brevity
and clarity.
It's your page!
The Daily welcomes opinions, letters and
cartoons on topics of interest to the Stanford
community. Materials submitted for publica
tion must be double spaced on a 57 character
line. We reserve the right to edit for brevity
and clarity.
It's your page!
The Daily welcomes opinions, letters and
cartoons on topics of interest to the Stanford
community. Materials submitted for publica
tion must be double spaced on a 57 character
line. We reserve the right to edit for brevity
and clarity.
It's your page!
The Daily welcomes opinions, letters and
cartoons on topics of interest to the Stanford
community. Materials submitted for publica
tion must be double spaced on a 57 character
line. We reserve the right to edit for brevity
and clarity.
It's your page!
The Daily welcomes opinions, letters and
cartoons on topics of interest to the Stanford
community. Materials submitted for publica
tion must be double spaced on a 57 character
line. We reserve the right to edit for brevity
and clarity.
It's your page!
The Daily welcomes opinions, letters and
cartoons on topics of interest to the Stanford
community. Materials submitted for publica
tion must be double spaced on a 57 character
line. We reserve the right to edit for brevity
and clarity.
It's your page!
The Daily welcomes opinions, letters and
cartoons on topics of interest to the Stanford
community. Materials submitted for publica
tion must be double spaced on a 57 character
line. We reserve the right to edit for brevity
and clarity.
It's your page!
The Daily welcomes opinions, letters and
cartoons on topics of interest to the Stanford
community. Materials submitted for publica
tion must be double spaced on a 57 character
line. We reserve the right to edit for brevity
and clarity.
It's your page!
The Daily welcomes opinions, letters and
cartoons on topics of interest to the Stanford
community. Materials submitted for publica
tion must be double spaced on a 57 character
line. We reserve the right to edit for brevity
and clarity.
It's your page!
The Daily welcomes opinions, letters and
cartoons on topics of interest to the Stanford
community. Materials submitted for publica
tion must be double spaced on a 57 character
line. We reserve the right to edit for brevity
and clarity.
