# STATUES OF WILDCATS PLACED AT LOS GATOS
## 
### 
Robert Payne, the sculptor in charge
of the Proctor studio on the campus,
during the absence of A. Phimister
Proctor, who is now on his way to
New York, has recently completed two
statues. These works, which are two
huge wildcats, cast in cement, have
been placed at the foot of the Wood
place on the recently opened highway
from Los Gatos to Santa Cruz. The
statues were executed at the request
of Mr. Wood, of Los Gatos, a friend of
the Proctors.
Robert Payne, the sculptor in charge
of the Proctor studio on the campus,
during the absence of A. Phimister
Proctor, who is now on his way to
New York, has recently completed two
statues. These works, which are two
huge wildcats, cast in cement, have
been placed at the foot of the Wood
place on the recently opened highway
from Los Gatos to Santa Cruz. The
statues were executed at the request
of Mr. Wood, of Los Gatos, a friend of
the Proctors.
Robert Payne, the sculptor in charge
of the Proctor studio on the campus,
during the absence of A. Phimister
Proctor, who is now on his way to
New York, has recently completed two
statues. These works, which are two
huge wildcats, cast in cement, have
been placed at the foot of the Wood
place on the recently opened highway
from Los Gatos to Santa Cruz. The
statues were executed at the request
of Mr. Wood, of Los Gatos, a friend of
the Proctors.
Robert Payne, the sculptor in charge
of the Proctor studio on the campus,
during the absence of A. Phimister
Proctor, who is now on his way to
New York, has recently completed two
statues. These works, which are two
huge wildcats, cast in cement, have
been placed at the foot of the Wood
place on the recently opened highway
from Los Gatos to Santa Cruz. The
statues were executed at the request
of Mr. Wood, of Los Gatos, a friend of
the Proctors.
Robert Payne, the sculptor in charge
of the Proctor studio on the campus,
during the absence of A. Phimister
Proctor, who is now on his way to
New York, has recently completed two
statues. These works, which are two
huge wildcats, cast in cement, have
been placed at the foot of the Wood
place on the recently opened highway
from Los Gatos to Santa Cruz. The
statues were executed at the request
of Mr. Wood, of Los Gatos, a friend of
the Proctors.
Robert Payne, the sculptor in charge
of the Proctor studio on the campus,
during the absence of A. Phimister
Proctor, who is now on his way to
New York, has recently completed two
statues. These works, which are two
huge wildcats, cast in cement, have
been placed at the foot of the Wood
place on the recently opened highway
from Los Gatos to Santa Cruz. The
statues were executed at the request
of Mr. Wood, of Los Gatos, a friend of
the Proctors.
Robert Payne, the sculptor in charge
of the Proctor studio on the campus,
during the absence of A. Phimister
Proctor, who is now on his way to
New York, has recently completed two
statues. These works, which are two
huge wildcats, cast in cement, have
been placed at the foot of the Wood
place on the recently opened highway
from Los Gatos to Santa Cruz. The
statues were executed at the request
of Mr. Wood, of Los Gatos, a friend of
the Proctors.
Robert Payne, the sculptor in charge
of the Proctor studio on the campus,
during the absence of A. Phimister
Proctor, who is now on his way to
New York, has recently completed two
statues. These works, which are two
huge wildcats, cast in cement, have
been placed at the foot of the Wood
place on the recently opened highway
from Los Gatos to Santa Cruz. The
statues were executed at the request
of Mr. Wood, of Los Gatos, a friend of
the Proctors.
Robert Payne, the sculptor in charge
of the Proctor studio on the campus,
during the absence of A. Phimister
Proctor, who is now on his way to
New York, has recently completed two
statues. These works, which are two
huge wildcats, cast in cement, have
been placed at the foot of the Wood
place on the recently opened highway
from Los Gatos to Santa Cruz. The
statues were executed at the request
of Mr. Wood, of Los Gatos, a friend of
the Proctors.
Robert Payne, the sculptor in charge
of the Proctor studio on the campus,
during the absence of A. Phimister
Proctor, who is now on his way to
New York, has recently completed two
statues. These works, which are two
huge wildcats, cast in cement, have
been placed at the foot of the Wood
place on the recently opened highway
from Los Gatos to Santa Cruz. The
statues were executed at the request
of Mr. Wood, of Los Gatos, a friend of
the Proctors.
Robert Payne, the sculptor in charge
of the Proctor studio on the campus,
during the absence of A. Phimister
Proctor, who is now on his way to
New York, has recently completed two
statues. These works, which are two
huge wildcats, cast in cement, have
been placed at the foot of the Wood
place on the recently opened highway
from Los Gatos to Santa Cruz. The
statues were executed at the request
of Mr. Wood, of Los Gatos, a friend of
the Proctors.
Robert Payne, the sculptor in charge
of the Proctor studio on the campus,
during the absence of A. Phimister
Proctor, who is now on his way to
New York, has recently completed two
statues. These works, which are two
huge wildcats, cast in cement, have
been placed at the foot of the Wood
place on the recently opened highway
from Los Gatos to Santa Cruz. The
statues were executed at the request
of Mr. Wood, of Los Gatos, a friend of
the Proctors.
Robert Payne, the sculptor in charge
of the Proctor studio on the campus,
during the absence of A. Phimister
Proctor, who is now on his way to
New York, has recently completed two
statues. These works, which are two
huge wildcats, cast in cement, have
been placed at the foot of the Wood
place on the recently opened highway
from Los Gatos to Santa Cruz. The
statues were executed at the request
of Mr. Wood, of Los Gatos, a friend of
the Proctors.
