# AT HOME
## 
### 
Dr. and Mrs. Harvey Hall, regis
trar, at homo to students tonight,
7 to 10, 543 Foothill Road, Stan
ford.
Dr. and Mrs. Harvey Hall, regis
trar, at homo to students tonight,
7 to 10, 543 Foothill Road, Stan
ford.
Dr. and Mrs. Harvey Hall, regis
trar, at homo to students tonight,
7 to 10, 543 Foothill Road, Stan
ford.
Dr. and Mrs. Harvey Hall, regis
trar, at homo to students tonight,
7 to 10, 543 Foothill Road, Stan
ford.
Dr. and Mrs. Harvey Hall, regis
trar, at homo to students tonight,
7 to 10, 543 Foothill Road, Stan
ford.
Dr. and Mrs. Harvey Hall, regis
trar, at homo to students tonight,
7 to 10, 543 Foothill Road, Stan
ford.
Dr. and Mrs. Harvey Hall, regis
trar, at homo to students tonight,
7 to 10, 543 Foothill Road, Stan
ford.
Dr. and Mrs. Harvey Hall, regis
trar, at homo to students tonight,
7 to 10, 543 Foothill Road, Stan
ford.
Dr. and Mrs. Harvey Hall, regis
trar, at homo to students tonight,
7 to 10, 543 Foothill Road, Stan
ford.
Dr. and Mrs. Harvey Hall, regis
trar, at homo to students tonight,
7 to 10, 543 Foothill Road, Stan
ford.
Dr. and Mrs. Harvey Hall, regis
trar, at homo to students tonight,
7 to 10, 543 Foothill Road, Stan
ford.
Dr. and Mrs. Harvey Hall, regis
trar, at homo to students tonight,
7 to 10, 543 Foothill Road, Stan
ford.
Dr. and Mrs. Harvey Hall, regis
trar, at homo to students tonight,
7 to 10, 543 Foothill Road, Stan
ford.
Dr. and Mrs. Harvey Hall, regis
trar, at homo to students tonight,
7 to 10, 543 Foothill Road, Stan
ford.
Dr. and Mrs. Harvey Hall, regis
trar, at homo to students tonight,
7 to 10, 543 Foothill Road, Stan
ford.
Dr. and Mrs. Harvey Hall, regis
trar, at homo to students tonight,
7 to 10, 543 Foothill Road, Stan
ford.
