# Algeria Subject Of Professor's Talk
## 
### 
The French club will present
Jean-Paul Malaquais, visiting pro
fessor of French literature, speak
ing on “Les intellectuels francais
face a la crise algerienne” in the
Muir Lounge, Stern Hall, at 4 p.m.
today.
Malaquais is the author of sev
eral novels and short stories. He
has been visiting professor at
NYU, the University of Texas and
the University of Minnesota. He is
presently teaching courses on ro
manticism, contemporary theater
and a seminar on Gide and Mai
raux.
The French club will present
Jean-Paul Malaquais, visiting pro
fessor of French literature, speak
ing on “Les intellectuels francais
face a la crise algerienne” in the
Muir Lounge, Stern Hall, at 4 p.m.
today.
Malaquais is the author of sev
eral novels and short stories. He
has been visiting professor at
NYU, the University of Texas and
the University of Minnesota. He is
presently teaching courses on ro
manticism, contemporary theater
and a seminar on Gide and Mai
raux.
The French club will present
Jean-Paul Malaquais, visiting pro
fessor of French literature, speak
ing on “Les intellectuels francais
face a la crise algerienne” in the
Muir Lounge, Stern Hall, at 4 p.m.
today.
Malaquais is the author of sev
eral novels and short stories. He
has been visiting professor at
NYU, the University of Texas and
the University of Minnesota. He is
presently teaching courses on ro
manticism, contemporary theater
and a seminar on Gide and Mai
raux.
The French club will present
Jean-Paul Malaquais, visiting pro
fessor of French literature, speak
ing on “Les intellectuels francais
face a la crise algerienne” in the
Muir Lounge, Stern Hall, at 4 p.m.
today.
Malaquais is the author of sev
eral novels and short stories. He
has been visiting professor at
NYU, the University of Texas and
the University of Minnesota. He is
presently teaching courses on ro
manticism, contemporary theater
and a seminar on Gide and Mai
raux.
The French club will present
Jean-Paul Malaquais, visiting pro
fessor of French literature, speak
ing on “Les intellectuels francais
face a la crise algerienne” in the
Muir Lounge, Stern Hall, at 4 p.m.
today.
Malaquais is the author of sev
eral novels and short stories. He
has been visiting professor at
NYU, the University of Texas and
the University of Minnesota. He is
presently teaching courses on ro
manticism, contemporary theater
and a seminar on Gide and Mai
raux.
The French club will present
Jean-Paul Malaquais, visiting pro
fessor of French literature, speak
ing on “Les intellectuels francais
face a la crise algerienne” in the
Muir Lounge, Stern Hall, at 4 p.m.
today.
Malaquais is the author of sev
eral novels and short stories. He
has been visiting professor at
NYU, the University of Texas and
the University of Minnesota. He is
presently teaching courses on ro
manticism, contemporary theater
and a seminar on Gide and Mai
raux.
The French club will present
Jean-Paul Malaquais, visiting pro
fessor of French literature, speak
ing on “Les intellectuels francais
face a la crise algerienne” in the
Muir Lounge, Stern Hall, at 4 p.m.
today.
Malaquais is the author of sev
eral novels and short stories. He
has been visiting professor at
NYU, the University of Texas and
the University of Minnesota. He is
presently teaching courses on ro
manticism, contemporary theater
and a seminar on Gide and Mai
raux.
The French club will present
Jean-Paul Malaquais, visiting pro
fessor of French literature, speak
ing on “Les intellectuels francais
face a la crise algerienne” in the
Muir Lounge, Stern Hall, at 4 p.m.
today.
Malaquais is the author of sev
eral novels and short stories. He
has been visiting professor at
NYU, the University of Texas and
the University of Minnesota. He is
presently teaching courses on ro
manticism, contemporary theater
and a seminar on Gide and Mai
raux.
The French club will present
Jean-Paul Malaquais, visiting pro
fessor of French literature, speak
ing on “Les intellectuels francais
face a la crise algerienne” in the
Muir Lounge, Stern Hall, at 4 p.m.
today.
Malaquais is the author of sev
eral novels and short stories. He
has been visiting professor at
NYU, the University of Texas and
the University of Minnesota. He is
presently teaching courses on ro
manticism, contemporary theater
and a seminar on Gide and Mai
raux.
The French club will present
Jean-Paul Malaquais, visiting pro
fessor of French literature, speak
ing on “Les intellectuels francais
face a la crise algerienne” in the
Muir Lounge, Stern Hall, at 4 p.m.
today.
Malaquais is the author of sev
eral novels and short stories. He
has been visiting professor at
NYU, the University of Texas and
the University of Minnesota. He is
presently teaching courses on ro
manticism, contemporary theater
and a seminar on Gide and Mai
raux.
The French club will present
Jean-Paul Malaquais, visiting pro
fessor of French literature, speak
ing on “Les intellectuels francais
face a la crise algerienne” in the
Muir Lounge, Stern Hall, at 4 p.m.
today.
Malaquais is the author of sev
eral novels and short stories. He
has been visiting professor at
NYU, the University of Texas and
the University of Minnesota. He is
presently teaching courses on ro
manticism, contemporary theater
and a seminar on Gide and Mai
raux.
The French club will present
Jean-Paul Malaquais, visiting pro
fessor of French literature, speak
ing on “Les intellectuels francais
face a la crise algerienne” in the
Muir Lounge, Stern Hall, at 4 p.m.
today.
Malaquais is the author of sev
eral novels and short stories. He
has been visiting professor at
NYU, the University of Texas and
the University of Minnesota. He is
presently teaching courses on ro
manticism, contemporary theater
and a seminar on Gide and Mai
raux.
The French club will present
Jean-Paul Malaquais, visiting pro
fessor of French literature, speak
ing on “Les intellectuels francais
face a la crise algerienne” in the
Muir Lounge, Stern Hall, at 4 p.m.
today.
Malaquais is the author of sev
eral novels and short stories. He
has been visiting professor at
NYU, the University of Texas and
the University of Minnesota. He is
presently teaching courses on ro
manticism, contemporary theater
and a seminar on Gide and Mai
raux.
The French club will present
Jean-Paul Malaquais, visiting pro
fessor of French literature, speak
ing on “Les intellectuels francais
face a la crise algerienne” in the
Muir Lounge, Stern Hall, at 4 p.m.
today.
Malaquais is the author of sev
eral novels and short stories. He
has been visiting professor at
NYU, the University of Texas and
the University of Minnesota. He is
presently teaching courses on ro
manticism, contemporary theater
and a seminar on Gide and Mai
raux.
The French club will present
Jean-Paul Malaquais, visiting pro
fessor of French literature, speak
ing on “Les intellectuels francais
face a la crise algerienne” in the
Muir Lounge, Stern Hall, at 4 p.m.
today.
Malaquais is the author of sev
eral novels and short stories. He
has been visiting professor at
NYU, the University of Texas and
the University of Minnesota. He is
presently teaching courses on ro
manticism, contemporary theater
and a seminar on Gide and Mai
raux.
The French club will present
Jean-Paul Malaquais, visiting pro
fessor of French literature, speak
ing on “Les intellectuels francais
face a la crise algerienne” in the
Muir Lounge, Stern Hall, at 4 p.m.
today.
Malaquais is the author of sev
eral novels and short stories. He
has been visiting professor at
NYU, the University of Texas and
the University of Minnesota. He is
presently teaching courses on ro
manticism, contemporary theater
and a seminar on Gide and Mai
raux.
