# LASSU Agenda Topics Announced
## 
### 
A variety of topics faces Legis
lature in its last meeting of the
quarter today at 7 p.m. at Bow
man Alumni House.
On the agenda as of yesterday
afternoon were:
Discussion of an appropriation
for an addendum to the Stanford
Professor handbook discussion of
Student-Faculty Board; report on
the Big Game pancake breakfast;
approval of the Socialist Caucus
for Political Union; approval of
the Democratic Caucus chairman;
report on the Art Board; report
on the proposed HR jazz concert;
report on the I-Clubâ€™s Interna
tional Ball; and discussion of an
incident which occurred at the
Oregon-Stanford football game.
The meeting is open to all stu
dents.
