# Violinist Szgeti Opens Concert Series With First Farm Appearance Thursday
## 
### 
Hall.
Joseph Szgeti, ranking as one
of the great violinists of the world,
is making his initial appearance at
Stanford this Thursday, Nov. 1.

Secured by the Conccrt Scries
commitee, Mr. Szgeti will play a
concert interesting to the average
student as well as the musical
minded, according to Jo Glasson,
concert manager.
Szgeti made his debut in America
lin 1925 with Leopold Stokowski,
and to this day he shares many of
the views of the conductor. He has
been noted for his feat of perform
ing eighteen Mozart sonatas in a
New York scries, as well as being
considered the greatest interpreter
of the Serge ProkofiefT D Major Con
certo by the composer himself.
There arc still a few single tick
ets available in the Concert Series
office for the concert, which will
be held in the Memorial Audito
rium at 8:15.


JOSEPH SZGETI, violinist, will
begin (he Concert Series (his
Thursday, Nov. 1, in (he Memorial
Hall.
Joseph Szgeti, ranking as one
of the great violinists of the world,
is making his initial appearance at
Stanford this Thursday, Nov. 1.

Secured by the Conccrt Scries
commitee, Mr. Szgeti will play a
concert interesting to the average
student as well as the musical
minded, according to Jo Glasson,
concert manager.
Szgeti made his debut in America
lin 1925 with Leopold Stokowski,
and to this day he shares many of
the views of the conductor. He has
been noted for his feat of perform
ing eighteen Mozart sonatas in a
New York scries, as well as being
considered the greatest interpreter
of the Serge ProkofiefT D Major Con
certo by the composer himself.
There arc still a few single tick
ets available in the Concert Series
office for the concert, which will
be held in the Memorial Audito
rium at 8:15.


JOSEPH SZGETI, violinist, will
begin (he Concert Series (his
Thursday, Nov. 1, in (he Memorial
Hall.
Joseph Szgeti, ranking as one
of the great violinists of the world,
is making his initial appearance at
Stanford this Thursday, Nov. 1.

Secured by the Conccrt Scries
commitee, Mr. Szgeti will play a
concert interesting to the average
student as well as the musical
minded, according to Jo Glasson,
concert manager.
Szgeti made his debut in America
lin 1925 with Leopold Stokowski,
and to this day he shares many of
the views of the conductor. He has
been noted for his feat of perform
ing eighteen Mozart sonatas in a
New York scries, as well as being
considered the greatest interpreter
of the Serge ProkofiefT D Major Con
certo by the composer himself.
There arc still a few single tick
ets available in the Concert Series
office for the concert, which will
be held in the Memorial Audito
rium at 8:15.


JOSEPH SZGETI, violinist, will
begin (he Concert Series (his
Thursday, Nov. 1, in (he Memorial
Hall.
Joseph Szgeti, ranking as one
of the great violinists of the world,
is making his initial appearance at
Stanford this Thursday, Nov. 1.

Secured by the Conccrt Scries
commitee, Mr. Szgeti will play a
concert interesting to the average
student as well as the musical
minded, according to Jo Glasson,
concert manager.
Szgeti made his debut in America
lin 1925 with Leopold Stokowski,
and to this day he shares many of
the views of the conductor. He has
been noted for his feat of perform
ing eighteen Mozart sonatas in a
New York scries, as well as being
considered the greatest interpreter
of the Serge ProkofiefT D Major Con
certo by the composer himself.
There arc still a few single tick
ets available in the Concert Series
office for the concert, which will
be held in the Memorial Audito
rium at 8:15.


JOSEPH SZGETI, violinist, will
begin (he Concert Series (his
Thursday, Nov. 1, in (he Memorial
Hall.
Joseph Szgeti, ranking as one
of the great violinists of the world,
is making his initial appearance at
Stanford this Thursday, Nov. 1.

Secured by the Conccrt Scries
commitee, Mr. Szgeti will play a
concert interesting to the average
student as well as the musical
minded, according to Jo Glasson,
concert manager.
Szgeti made his debut in America
lin 1925 with Leopold Stokowski,
and to this day he shares many of
the views of the conductor. He has
been noted for his feat of perform
ing eighteen Mozart sonatas in a
New York scries, as well as being
considered the greatest interpreter
of the Serge ProkofiefT D Major Con
certo by the composer himself.
There arc still a few single tick
ets available in the Concert Series
office for the concert, which will
be held in the Memorial Audito
rium at 8:15.


JOSEPH SZGETI, violinist, will
begin (he Concert Series (his
Thursday, Nov. 1, in (he Memorial
Hall.
Joseph Szgeti, ranking as one
of the great violinists of the world,
is making his initial appearance at
Stanford this Thursday, Nov. 1.

Secured by the Conccrt Scries
commitee, Mr. Szgeti will play a
concert interesting to the average
student as well as the musical
minded, according to Jo Glasson,
concert manager.
Szgeti made his debut in America
lin 1925 with Leopold Stokowski,
and to this day he shares many of
the views of the conductor. He has
been noted for his feat of perform
ing eighteen Mozart sonatas in a
New York scries, as well as being
considered the greatest interpreter
of the Serge ProkofiefT D Major Con
certo by the composer himself.
There arc still a few single tick
ets available in the Concert Series
office for the concert, which will
be held in the Memorial Audito
rium at 8:15.


JOSEPH SZGETI, violinist, will
begin (he Concert Series (his
Thursday, Nov. 1, in (he Memorial
Hall.
Joseph Szgeti, ranking as one
of the great violinists of the world,
is making his initial appearance at
Stanford this Thursday, Nov. 1.

Secured by the Conccrt Scries
commitee, Mr. Szgeti will play a
concert interesting to the average
student as well as the musical
minded, according to Jo Glasson,
concert manager.
Szgeti made his debut in America
lin 1925 with Leopold Stokowski,
and to this day he shares many of
the views of the conductor. He has
been noted for his feat of perform
ing eighteen Mozart sonatas in a
New York scries, as well as being
considered the greatest interpreter
of the Serge ProkofiefT D Major Con
certo by the composer himself.
There arc still a few single tick
ets available in the Concert Series
office for the concert, which will
be held in the Memorial Audito
rium at 8:15.


JOSEPH SZGETI, violinist, will
begin (he Concert Series (his
Thursday, Nov. 1, in (he Memorial
Hall.
Joseph Szgeti, ranking as one
of the great violinists of the world,
is making his initial appearance at
Stanford this Thursday, Nov. 1.

Secured by the Conccrt Scries
commitee, Mr. Szgeti will play a
concert interesting to the average
student as well as the musical
minded, according to Jo Glasson,
concert manager.
Szgeti made his debut in America
lin 1925 with Leopold Stokowski,
and to this day he shares many of
the views of the conductor. He has
been noted for his feat of perform
ing eighteen Mozart sonatas in a
New York scries, as well as being
considered the greatest interpreter
of the Serge ProkofiefT D Major Con
certo by the composer himself.
There arc still a few single tick
ets available in the Concert Series
office for the concert, which will
be held in the Memorial Audito
rium at 8:15.


JOSEPH SZGETI, violinist, will
begin (he Concert Series (his
Thursday, Nov. 1, in (he Memorial
Hall.
Joseph Szgeti, ranking as one
of the great violinists of the world,
is making his initial appearance at
Stanford this Thursday, Nov. 1.

Secured by the Conccrt Scries
commitee, Mr. Szgeti will play a
concert interesting to the average
student as well as the musical
minded, according to Jo Glasson,
concert manager.
Szgeti made his debut in America
lin 1925 with Leopold Stokowski,
and to this day he shares many of
the views of the conductor. He has
been noted for his feat of perform
ing eighteen Mozart sonatas in a
New York scries, as well as being
considered the greatest interpreter
of the Serge ProkofiefT D Major Con
certo by the composer himself.
There arc still a few single tick
ets available in the Concert Series
office for the concert, which will
be held in the Memorial Audito
rium at 8:15.


JOSEPH SZGETI, violinist, will
begin (he Concert Series (his
Thursday, Nov. 1, in (he Memorial
Hall.
Joseph Szgeti, ranking as one
of the great violinists of the world,
is making his initial appearance at
Stanford this Thursday, Nov. 1.

Secured by the Conccrt Scries
commitee, Mr. Szgeti will play a
concert interesting to the average
student as well as the musical
minded, according to Jo Glasson,
concert manager.
Szgeti made his debut in America
lin 1925 with Leopold Stokowski,
and to this day he shares many of
the views of the conductor. He has
been noted for his feat of perform
ing eighteen Mozart sonatas in a
New York scries, as well as being
considered the greatest interpreter
of the Serge ProkofiefT D Major Con
certo by the composer himself.
There arc still a few single tick
ets available in the Concert Series
office for the concert, which will
be held in the Memorial Audito
rium at 8:15.


JOSEPH SZGETI, violinist, will
begin (he Concert Series (his
Thursday, Nov. 1, in (he Memorial
Hall.
Joseph Szgeti, ranking as one
of the great violinists of the world,
is making his initial appearance at
Stanford this Thursday, Nov. 1.

Secured by the Conccrt Scries
commitee, Mr. Szgeti will play a
concert interesting to the average
student as well as the musical
minded, according to Jo Glasson,
concert manager.
Szgeti made his debut in America
lin 1925 with Leopold Stokowski,
and to this day he shares many of
the views of the conductor. He has
been noted for his feat of perform
ing eighteen Mozart sonatas in a
New York scries, as well as being
considered the greatest interpreter
of the Serge ProkofiefT D Major Con
certo by the composer himself.
There arc still a few single tick
ets available in the Concert Series
office for the concert, which will
be held in the Memorial Audito
rium at 8:15.


JOSEPH SZGETI, violinist, will
begin (he Concert Series (his
Thursday, Nov. 1, in (he Memorial
Hall.
Joseph Szgeti, ranking as one
of the great violinists of the world,
is making his initial appearance at
Stanford this Thursday, Nov. 1.

Secured by the Conccrt Scries
commitee, Mr. Szgeti will play a
concert interesting to the average
student as well as the musical
minded, according to Jo Glasson,
concert manager.
Szgeti made his debut in America
lin 1925 with Leopold Stokowski,
and to this day he shares many of
the views of the conductor. He has
been noted for his feat of perform
ing eighteen Mozart sonatas in a
New York scries, as well as being
considered the greatest interpreter
of the Serge ProkofiefT D Major Con
certo by the composer himself.
There arc still a few single tick
ets available in the Concert Series
office for the concert, which will
be held in the Memorial Audito
rium at 8:15.


JOSEPH SZGETI, violinist, will
begin (he Concert Series (his
Thursday, Nov. 1, in (he Memorial
Hall.
Joseph Szgeti, ranking as one
of the great violinists of the world,
is making his initial appearance at
Stanford this Thursday, Nov. 1.

Secured by the Conccrt Scries
commitee, Mr. Szgeti will play a
concert interesting to the average
student as well as the musical
minded, according to Jo Glasson,
concert manager.
Szgeti made his debut in America
lin 1925 with Leopold Stokowski,
and to this day he shares many of
the views of the conductor. He has
been noted for his feat of perform
ing eighteen Mozart sonatas in a
New York scries, as well as being
considered the greatest interpreter
of the Serge ProkofiefT D Major Con
certo by the composer himself.
There arc still a few single tick
ets available in the Concert Series
office for the concert, which will
be held in the Memorial Audito
rium at 8:15.


JOSEPH SZGETI, violinist, will
begin (he Concert Series (his
Thursday, Nov. 1, in (he Memorial
Hall.
Joseph Szgeti, ranking as one
of the great violinists of the world,
is making his initial appearance at
Stanford this Thursday, Nov. 1.

Secured by the Conccrt Scries
commitee, Mr. Szgeti will play a
concert interesting to the average
student as well as the musical
minded, according to Jo Glasson,
concert manager.
Szgeti made his debut in America
lin 1925 with Leopold Stokowski,
and to this day he shares many of
the views of the conductor. He has
been noted for his feat of perform
ing eighteen Mozart sonatas in a
New York scries, as well as being
considered the greatest interpreter
of the Serge ProkofiefT D Major Con
certo by the composer himself.
There arc still a few single tick
ets available in the Concert Series
office for the concert, which will
be held in the Memorial Audito
rium at 8:15.


JOSEPH SZGETI, violinist, will
begin (he Concert Series (his
Thursday, Nov. 1, in (he Memorial
Hall.
Joseph Szgeti, ranking as one
of the great violinists of the world,
is making his initial appearance at
Stanford this Thursday, Nov. 1.

Secured by the Conccrt Scries
commitee, Mr. Szgeti will play a
concert interesting to the average
student as well as the musical
minded, according to Jo Glasson,
concert manager.
Szgeti made his debut in America
lin 1925 with Leopold Stokowski,
and to this day he shares many of
the views of the conductor. He has
been noted for his feat of perform
ing eighteen Mozart sonatas in a
New York scries, as well as being
considered the greatest interpreter
of the Serge ProkofiefT D Major Con
certo by the composer himself.
There arc still a few single tick
ets available in the Concert Series
office for the concert, which will
be held in the Memorial Audito
rium at 8:15.


JOSEPH SZGETI, violinist, will
begin (he Concert Series (his
Thursday, Nov. 1, in (he Memorial
Hall.
Joseph Szgeti, ranking as one
of the great violinists of the world,
is making his initial appearance at
Stanford this Thursday, Nov. 1.

Secured by the Conccrt Scries
commitee, Mr. Szgeti will play a
concert interesting to the average
student as well as the musical
minded, according to Jo Glasson,
concert manager.
Szgeti made his debut in America
lin 1925 with Leopold Stokowski,
and to this day he shares many of
the views of the conductor. He has
been noted for his feat of perform
ing eighteen Mozart sonatas in a
New York scries, as well as being
considered the greatest interpreter
of the Serge ProkofiefT D Major Con
certo by the composer himself.
There arc still a few single tick
ets available in the Concert Series
office for the concert, which will
be held in the Memorial Audito
rium at 8:15.


JOSEPH SZGETI, violinist, will
begin (he Concert Series (his
Thursday, Nov. 1, in (he Memorial
