# Untitled Article
## 
### 

By United Press
This first air view of the Panama Canal to be released since the war shows one of seven aircraft carriers
passing through the Pedro Miguel locks in the canal. The ship is a unit of Task Force 1 on its way from
Pacific to Atlantic waters. An clectric engine in the center of the lock helps inch the big ship through.

By United Press
This first air view of the Panama Canal to be released since the war shows one of seven aircraft carriers
passing through the Pedro Miguel locks in the canal. The ship is a unit of Task Force 1 on its way from
Pacific to Atlantic waters. An clectric engine in the center of the lock helps inch the big ship through.

By United Press
This first air view of the Panama Canal to be released since the war shows one of seven aircraft carriers
passing through the Pedro Miguel locks in the canal. The ship is a unit of Task Force 1 on its way from
Pacific to Atlantic waters. An clectric engine in the center of the lock helps inch the big ship through.

By United Press
This first air view of the Panama Canal to be released since the war shows one of seven aircraft carriers
passing through the Pedro Miguel locks in the canal. The ship is a unit of Task Force 1 on its way from
Pacific to Atlantic waters. An clectric engine in the center of the lock helps inch the big ship through.

By United Press
This first air view of the Panama Canal to be released since the war shows one of seven aircraft carriers
passing through the Pedro Miguel locks in the canal. The ship is a unit of Task Force 1 on its way from
Pacific to Atlantic waters. An clectric engine in the center of the lock helps inch the big ship through.

By United Press
This first air view of the Panama Canal to be released since the war shows one of seven aircraft carriers
passing through the Pedro Miguel locks in the canal. The ship is a unit of Task Force 1 on its way from
Pacific to Atlantic waters. An clectric engine in the center of the lock helps inch the big ship through.

By United Press
This first air view of the Panama Canal to be released since the war shows one of seven aircraft carriers
passing through the Pedro Miguel locks in the canal. The ship is a unit of Task Force 1 on its way from
Pacific to Atlantic waters. An clectric engine in the center of the lock helps inch the big ship through.

By United Press
This first air view of the Panama Canal to be released since the war shows one of seven aircraft carriers
passing through the Pedro Miguel locks in the canal. The ship is a unit of Task Force 1 on its way from
Pacific to Atlantic waters. An clectric engine in the center of the lock helps inch the big ship through.

By United Press
This first air view of the Panama Canal to be released since the war shows one of seven aircraft carriers
passing through the Pedro Miguel locks in the canal. The ship is a unit of Task Force 1 on its way from
Pacific to Atlantic waters. An clectric engine in the center of the lock helps inch the big ship through.

By United Press
This first air view of the Panama Canal to be released since the war shows one of seven aircraft carriers
passing through the Pedro Miguel locks in the canal. The ship is a unit of Task Force 1 on its way from
Pacific to Atlantic waters. An clectric engine in the center of the lock helps inch the big ship through.

By United Press
This first air view of the Panama Canal to be released since the war shows one of seven aircraft carriers
passing through the Pedro Miguel locks in the canal. The ship is a unit of Task Force 1 on its way from
Pacific to Atlantic waters. An clectric engine in the center of the lock helps inch the big ship through.

By United Press
This first air view of the Panama Canal to be released since the war shows one of seven aircraft carriers
passing through the Pedro Miguel locks in the canal. The ship is a unit of Task Force 1 on its way from
Pacific to Atlantic waters. An clectric engine in the center of the lock helps inch the big ship through.

By United Press
This first air view of the Panama Canal to be released since the war shows one of seven aircraft carriers
passing through the Pedro Miguel locks in the canal. The ship is a unit of Task Force 1 on its way from
Pacific to Atlantic waters. An clectric engine in the center of the lock helps inch the big ship through.

By United Press
This first air view of the Panama Canal to be released since the war shows one of seven aircraft carriers
passing through the Pedro Miguel locks in the canal. The ship is a unit of Task Force 1 on its way from
Pacific to Atlantic waters. An clectric engine in the center of the lock helps inch the big ship through.

By United Press
This first air view of the Panama Canal to be released since the war shows one of seven aircraft carriers
passing through the Pedro Miguel locks in the canal. The ship is a unit of Task Force 1 on its way from
Pacific to Atlantic waters. An clectric engine in the center of the lock helps inch the big ship through.

By United Press
This first air view of the Panama Canal to be released since the war shows one of seven aircraft carriers
passing through the Pedro Miguel locks in the canal. The ship is a unit of Task Force 1 on its way from
Pacific to Atlantic waters. An clectric engine in the center of the lock helps inch the big ship through.
