# Poet Hour Changed
## Work Will Read From War Poets 
### 
James Work, acting professor of
English, will read poetry from the
two World Wars in the Social Room
on the third floor of the Education
Building this afternoon from 4:15
to 5.
Bccause of the fire in the Briggs
Room last Friday, the weekly poetry
reading meetings have permanently
been changed to Tuesday in the
Social Room.
From the World War I period.
Professor Work will read the po
etry of Wilfred Owen, Siegfried
Sassoon, and Archibald MacLcish
(librarian of Congress), whom he
considers some of the best writers
of that time.
Poetry by writers of this war will
include the work of W. H. Auden,
Stephen Spender, Mariame Moore,
John Manifold, Ivor Winters, and
perhaps some others if time allows.
Next Tuesday, Nov. 6, Wallace
Stegner will read from the poetry
of Robert Frost; Nov. 13, William
Irvine will read from the poetry of
W. B. Yeats; Nov. 20, George Sensa
baugh will read from the Cavalier
poets; and Nov. 27, John McClelland
will read from the poetry of W. H.
Auden and Louis MacNeice.
This series of readings of poetry
is scheduled for every Tuesday af
ternoon in November. Students are
invited to attend.
