# CITY SCHOOLS WANT TO JOIN RUGBY FEDERATION
## Decision of San Francisco Teams Is Distinct Roost to Open Game 
### 
According to information received j
from Benjamin Oliver, the secretary .
of the California Interscholastic Fed
eration, the schools of San Francisco
playing rugby will in all probability
ask for membership in the California
Interscholastic Federation within a
short time. The hgh schools around
the bay have belonged to the San
Francisco Athletic League and have
never taken part in the rugby cham
pionships. The reasons for this were
that the rules of the state organiza
tion were too stringent, and that the
city schools were not given a square
deal.
If these schools are taken into the
California Interscholastic Federation
the rugby situation on the coast will
be much stronger as the city schools
are of great importance.
According to information received j
from Benjamin Oliver, the secretary .
of the California Interscholastic Fed
eration, the schools of San Francisco
playing rugby will in all probability
ask for membership in the California
Interscholastic Federation within a
short time. The hgh schools around
the bay have belonged to the San
Francisco Athletic League and have
never taken part in the rugby cham
pionships. The reasons for this were
that the rules of the state organiza
tion were too stringent, and that the
city schools were not given a square
deal.
If these schools are taken into the
California Interscholastic Federation
the rugby situation on the coast will
be much stronger as the city schools
are of great importance.
According to information received j
from Benjamin Oliver, the secretary .
of the California Interscholastic Fed
eration, the schools of San Francisco
playing rugby will in all probability
ask for membership in the California
Interscholastic Federation within a
short time. The hgh schools around
the bay have belonged to the San
Francisco Athletic League and have
never taken part in the rugby cham
pionships. The reasons for this were
that the rules of the state organiza
tion were too stringent, and that the
city schools were not given a square
deal.
If these schools are taken into the
California Interscholastic Federation
the rugby situation on the coast will
be much stronger as the city schools
are of great importance.
According to information received j
from Benjamin Oliver, the secretary .
of the California Interscholastic Fed
eration, the schools of San Francisco
playing rugby will in all probability
ask for membership in the California
Interscholastic Federation within a
short time. The hgh schools around
the bay have belonged to the San
Francisco Athletic League and have
never taken part in the rugby cham
pionships. The reasons for this were
that the rules of the state organiza
tion were too stringent, and that the
city schools were not given a square
deal.
If these schools are taken into the
California Interscholastic Federation
the rugby situation on the coast will
be much stronger as the city schools
are of great importance.
According to information received j
from Benjamin Oliver, the secretary .
of the California Interscholastic Fed
eration, the schools of San Francisco
playing rugby will in all probability
ask for membership in the California
Interscholastic Federation within a
short time. The hgh schools around
the bay have belonged to the San
Francisco Athletic League and have
never taken part in the rugby cham
pionships. The reasons for this were
that the rules of the state organiza
tion were too stringent, and that the
city schools were not given a square
deal.
If these schools are taken into the
California Interscholastic Federation
the rugby situation on the coast will
be much stronger as the city schools
are of great importance.
According to information received j
from Benjamin Oliver, the secretary .
of the California Interscholastic Fed
eration, the schools of San Francisco
playing rugby will in all probability
ask for membership in the California
Interscholastic Federation within a
short time. The hgh schools around
the bay have belonged to the San
Francisco Athletic League and have
never taken part in the rugby cham
pionships. The reasons for this were
that the rules of the state organiza
tion were too stringent, and that the
city schools were not given a square
deal.
If these schools are taken into the
California Interscholastic Federation
the rugby situation on the coast will
be much stronger as the city schools
are of great importance.
According to information received j
from Benjamin Oliver, the secretary .
of the California Interscholastic Fed
eration, the schools of San Francisco
playing rugby will in all probability
ask for membership in the California
Interscholastic Federation within a
short time. The hgh schools around
the bay have belonged to the San
Francisco Athletic League and have
never taken part in the rugby cham
pionships. The reasons for this were
that the rules of the state organiza
tion were too stringent, and that the
city schools were not given a square
deal.
If these schools are taken into the
California Interscholastic Federation
the rugby situation on the coast will
be much stronger as the city schools
are of great importance.
According to information received j
from Benjamin Oliver, the secretary .
of the California Interscholastic Fed
eration, the schools of San Francisco
playing rugby will in all probability
ask for membership in the California
Interscholastic Federation within a
short time. The hgh schools around
the bay have belonged to the San
Francisco Athletic League and have
never taken part in the rugby cham
pionships. The reasons for this were
that the rules of the state organiza
tion were too stringent, and that the
city schools were not given a square
deal.
If these schools are taken into the
California Interscholastic Federation
the rugby situation on the coast will
be much stronger as the city schools
are of great importance.
According to information received j
from Benjamin Oliver, the secretary .
of the California Interscholastic Fed
eration, the schools of San Francisco
playing rugby will in all probability
ask for membership in the California
Interscholastic Federation within a
short time. The hgh schools around
the bay have belonged to the San
Francisco Athletic League and have
never taken part in the rugby cham
pionships. The reasons for this were
that the rules of the state organiza
tion were too stringent, and that the
city schools were not given a square
deal.
If these schools are taken into the
California Interscholastic Federation
the rugby situation on the coast will
be much stronger as the city schools
are of great importance.
According to information received j
from Benjamin Oliver, the secretary .
of the California Interscholastic Fed
eration, the schools of San Francisco
playing rugby will in all probability
ask for membership in the California
Interscholastic Federation within a
short time. The hgh schools around
the bay have belonged to the San
Francisco Athletic League and have
never taken part in the rugby cham
pionships. The reasons for this were
that the rules of the state organiza
tion were too stringent, and that the
city schools were not given a square
deal.
If these schools are taken into the
California Interscholastic Federation
the rugby situation on the coast will
be much stronger as the city schools
are of great importance.
According to information received j
from Benjamin Oliver, the secretary .
of the California Interscholastic Fed
eration, the schools of San Francisco
playing rugby will in all probability
ask for membership in the California
Interscholastic Federation within a
short time. The hgh schools around
the bay have belonged to the San
Francisco Athletic League and have
never taken part in the rugby cham
pionships. The reasons for this were
that the rules of the state organiza
tion were too stringent, and that the
city schools were not given a square
deal.
If these schools are taken into the
California Interscholastic Federation
the rugby situation on the coast will
be much stronger as the city schools
are of great importance.
According to information received j
from Benjamin Oliver, the secretary .
of the California Interscholastic Fed
eration, the schools of San Francisco
playing rugby will in all probability
ask for membership in the California
Interscholastic Federation within a
short time. The hgh schools around
the bay have belonged to the San
Francisco Athletic League and have
never taken part in the rugby cham
pionships. The reasons for this were
that the rules of the state organiza
tion were too stringent, and that the
city schools were not given a square
deal.
If these schools are taken into the
California Interscholastic Federation
the rugby situation on the coast will
be much stronger as the city schools
are of great importance.
According to information received j
from Benjamin Oliver, the secretary .
of the California Interscholastic Fed
eration, the schools of San Francisco
playing rugby will in all probability
ask for membership in the California
Interscholastic Federation within a
short time. The hgh schools around
the bay have belonged to the San
Francisco Athletic League and have
never taken part in the rugby cham
pionships. The reasons for this were
that the rules of the state organiza
tion were too stringent, and that the
city schools were not given a square
deal.
If these schools are taken into the
California Interscholastic Federation
the rugby situation on the coast will
be much stronger as the city schools
are of great importance.
