# Untitled Article
## 
### 
As the result, of the game with
Washington Saturday, University of
California students held a rally in
honor of Coach Schaeffer, who has re
signed.
As the result, of the game with
Washington Saturday, University of
California students held a rally in
honor of Coach Schaeffer, who has re
signed.
As the result, of the game with
Washington Saturday, University of
California students held a rally in
honor of Coach Schaeffer, who has re
signed.
As the result, of the game with
Washington Saturday, University of
California students held a rally in
honor of Coach Schaeffer, who has re
signed.
As the result, of the game with
Washington Saturday, University of
California students held a rally in
honor of Coach Schaeffer, who has re
signed.
As the result, of the game with
Washington Saturday, University of
California students held a rally in
honor of Coach Schaeffer, who has re
signed.
As the result, of the game with
Washington Saturday, University of
California students held a rally in
honor of Coach Schaeffer, who has re
signed.
As the result, of the game with
Washington Saturday, University of
California students held a rally in
honor of Coach Schaeffer, who has re
signed.
As the result, of the game with
Washington Saturday, University of
California students held a rally in
honor of Coach Schaeffer, who has re
signed.
As the result, of the game with
Washington Saturday, University of
California students held a rally in
honor of Coach Schaeffer, who has re
signed.
As the result, of the game with
Washington Saturday, University of
California students held a rally in
honor of Coach Schaeffer, who has re
signed.
As the result, of the game with
Washington Saturday, University of
California students held a rally in
honor of Coach Schaeffer, who has re
signed.
As the result, of the game with
Washington Saturday, University of
California students held a rally in
honor of Coach Schaeffer, who has re
signed.
