# RAM'S HEAD ELECTS TWO MEN TO FULL MEMBERSHIP
## L.W. MrDermott, '17, and J.T. Reynolds, '18, Join Men's Dramatic Club 
### 
L. W. McDermott, '17, and .T. T. Rey
nolds, '18, have been elected to Rani's
Head, the men's dramatic society.
lyicDermott lias lieen prominent in
both dramatic and art circles, taking
part in the sophomore play of last
year, and "Stop Thief." He also is on
the Chaparral staff and was recently
elected to the Press Club. Reynolds
was in "Hobby Rurnit," and was also
chairman of the 101 <S sophomore play
committee.
L. W. McDermott, '17, and .T. T. Rey
nolds, '18, have been elected to Rani's
Head, the men's dramatic society.
lyicDermott lias lieen prominent in
both dramatic and art circles, taking
part in the sophomore play of last
year, and "Stop Thief." He also is on
the Chaparral staff and was recently
elected to the Press Club. Reynolds
was in "Hobby Rurnit," and was also
chairman of the 101 <S sophomore play
committee.
L. W. McDermott, '17, and .T. T. Rey
nolds, '18, have been elected to Rani's
Head, the men's dramatic society.
lyicDermott lias lieen prominent in
both dramatic and art circles, taking
part in the sophomore play of last
year, and "Stop Thief." He also is on
the Chaparral staff and was recently
elected to the Press Club. Reynolds
was in "Hobby Rurnit," and was also
chairman of the 101 <S sophomore play
committee.
L. W. McDermott, '17, and .T. T. Rey
nolds, '18, have been elected to Rani's
Head, the men's dramatic society.
lyicDermott lias lieen prominent in
both dramatic and art circles, taking
part in the sophomore play of last
year, and "Stop Thief." He also is on
the Chaparral staff and was recently
elected to the Press Club. Reynolds
was in "Hobby Rurnit," and was also
chairman of the 101 <S sophomore play
committee.
L. W. McDermott, '17, and .T. T. Rey
nolds, '18, have been elected to Rani's
Head, the men's dramatic society.
lyicDermott lias lieen prominent in
both dramatic and art circles, taking
part in the sophomore play of last
year, and "Stop Thief." He also is on
the Chaparral staff and was recently
elected to the Press Club. Reynolds
was in "Hobby Rurnit," and was also
chairman of the 101 <S sophomore play
committee.
L. W. McDermott, '17, and .T. T. Rey
nolds, '18, have been elected to Rani's
Head, the men's dramatic society.
lyicDermott lias lieen prominent in
both dramatic and art circles, taking
part in the sophomore play of last
year, and "Stop Thief." He also is on
the Chaparral staff and was recently
elected to the Press Club. Reynolds
was in "Hobby Rurnit," and was also
chairman of the 101 <S sophomore play
committee.
L. W. McDermott, '17, and .T. T. Rey
nolds, '18, have been elected to Rani's
Head, the men's dramatic society.
lyicDermott lias lieen prominent in
both dramatic and art circles, taking
part in the sophomore play of last
year, and "Stop Thief." He also is on
the Chaparral staff and was recently
elected to the Press Club. Reynolds
was in "Hobby Rurnit," and was also
chairman of the 101 <S sophomore play
committee.
L. W. McDermott, '17, and .T. T. Rey
nolds, '18, have been elected to Rani's
Head, the men's dramatic society.
lyicDermott lias lieen prominent in
both dramatic and art circles, taking
part in the sophomore play of last
year, and "Stop Thief." He also is on
the Chaparral staff and was recently
elected to the Press Club. Reynolds
was in "Hobby Rurnit," and was also
chairman of the 101 <S sophomore play
committee.
L. W. McDermott, '17, and .T. T. Rey
nolds, '18, have been elected to Rani's
Head, the men's dramatic society.
lyicDermott lias lieen prominent in
both dramatic and art circles, taking
part in the sophomore play of last
year, and "Stop Thief." He also is on
the Chaparral staff and was recently
elected to the Press Club. Reynolds
was in "Hobby Rurnit," and was also
chairman of the 101 <S sophomore play
committee.
L. W. McDermott, '17, and .T. T. Rey
nolds, '18, have been elected to Rani's
Head, the men's dramatic society.
lyicDermott lias lieen prominent in
both dramatic and art circles, taking
part in the sophomore play of last
year, and "Stop Thief." He also is on
the Chaparral staff and was recently
elected to the Press Club. Reynolds
was in "Hobby Rurnit," and was also
chairman of the 101 <S sophomore play
committee.
L. W. McDermott, '17, and .T. T. Rey
nolds, '18, have been elected to Rani's
Head, the men's dramatic society.
lyicDermott lias lieen prominent in
both dramatic and art circles, taking
part in the sophomore play of last
year, and "Stop Thief." He also is on
the Chaparral staff and was recently
elected to the Press Club. Reynolds
was in "Hobby Rurnit," and was also
chairman of the 101 <S sophomore play
committee.
L. W. McDermott, '17, and .T. T. Rey
nolds, '18, have been elected to Rani's
Head, the men's dramatic society.
lyicDermott lias lieen prominent in
both dramatic and art circles, taking
part in the sophomore play of last
year, and "Stop Thief." He also is on
the Chaparral staff and was recently
elected to the Press Club. Reynolds
was in "Hobby Rurnit," and was also
chairman of the 101 <S sophomore play
committee.
L. W. McDermott, '17, and .T. T. Rey
nolds, '18, have been elected to Rani's
Head, the men's dramatic society.
lyicDermott lias lieen prominent in
both dramatic and art circles, taking
part in the sophomore play of last
year, and "Stop Thief." He also is on
the Chaparral staff and was recently
elected to the Press Club. Reynolds
was in "Hobby Rurnit," and was also
chairman of the 101 <S sophomore play
committee.
