# Alumni Honor Dr. Eliot Blackwelder at Dinner
## 
### 
Graduates and former students of the
Department of Geology honored Dr.
Eliot Blackwelder, new head of the Ge
ology department, at a dinner of wel
come Friday evening in the Engineers'
Club, Mechanics' Institute building, San
Francisco. Brief speeches were made at
the dinner by E. B. Kimball. '95. E. H.
Nutter, '02, R. P. McLaughlin, '02, and
others. Dr. Blackwelder comes to Stan
ford after a long career as consulting
geologist and professor of geology.
Graduates and former students of the
Department of Geology honored Dr.
Eliot Blackwelder, new head of the Ge
ology department, at a dinner of wel
come Friday evening in the Engineers'
Club, Mechanics' Institute building, San
Francisco. Brief speeches were made at
the dinner by E. B. Kimball. '95. E. H.
Nutter, '02, R. P. McLaughlin, '02, and
others. Dr. Blackwelder comes to Stan
ford after a long career as consulting
geologist and professor of geology.
Graduates and former students of the
Department of Geology honored Dr.
Eliot Blackwelder, new head of the Ge
ology department, at a dinner of wel
come Friday evening in the Engineers'
Club, Mechanics' Institute building, San
Francisco. Brief speeches were made at
the dinner by E. B. Kimball. '95. E. H.
Nutter, '02, R. P. McLaughlin, '02, and
others. Dr. Blackwelder comes to Stan
ford after a long career as consulting
geologist and professor of geology.
Graduates and former students of the
Department of Geology honored Dr.
Eliot Blackwelder, new head of the Ge
ology department, at a dinner of wel
come Friday evening in the Engineers'
Club, Mechanics' Institute building, San
Francisco. Brief speeches were made at
the dinner by E. B. Kimball. '95. E. H.
Nutter, '02, R. P. McLaughlin, '02, and
others. Dr. Blackwelder comes to Stan
ford after a long career as consulting
geologist and professor of geology.
Graduates and former students of the
Department of Geology honored Dr.
Eliot Blackwelder, new head of the Ge
ology department, at a dinner of wel
come Friday evening in the Engineers'
Club, Mechanics' Institute building, San
Francisco. Brief speeches were made at
the dinner by E. B. Kimball. '95. E. H.
Nutter, '02, R. P. McLaughlin, '02, and
others. Dr. Blackwelder comes to Stan
ford after a long career as consulting
geologist and professor of geology.
Graduates and former students of the
Department of Geology honored Dr.
Eliot Blackwelder, new head of the Ge
ology department, at a dinner of wel
come Friday evening in the Engineers'
Club, Mechanics' Institute building, San
Francisco. Brief speeches were made at
the dinner by E. B. Kimball. '95. E. H.
Nutter, '02, R. P. McLaughlin, '02, and
others. Dr. Blackwelder comes to Stan
ford after a long career as consulting
geologist and professor of geology.
Graduates and former students of the
Department of Geology honored Dr.
Eliot Blackwelder, new head of the Ge
ology department, at a dinner of wel
come Friday evening in the Engineers'
Club, Mechanics' Institute building, San
Francisco. Brief speeches were made at
the dinner by E. B. Kimball. '95. E. H.
Nutter, '02, R. P. McLaughlin, '02, and
others. Dr. Blackwelder comes to Stan
ford after a long career as consulting
geologist and professor of geology.
Graduates and former students of the
Department of Geology honored Dr.
Eliot Blackwelder, new head of the Ge
ology department, at a dinner of wel
come Friday evening in the Engineers'
Club, Mechanics' Institute building, San
Francisco. Brief speeches were made at
the dinner by E. B. Kimball. '95. E. H.
Nutter, '02, R. P. McLaughlin, '02, and
others. Dr. Blackwelder comes to Stan
ford after a long career as consulting
geologist and professor of geology.
Graduates and former students of the
Department of Geology honored Dr.
Eliot Blackwelder, new head of the Ge
ology department, at a dinner of wel
come Friday evening in the Engineers'
Club, Mechanics' Institute building, San
Francisco. Brief speeches were made at
the dinner by E. B. Kimball. '95. E. H.
Nutter, '02, R. P. McLaughlin, '02, and
others. Dr. Blackwelder comes to Stan
ford after a long career as consulting
geologist and professor of geology.
Graduates and former students of the
Department of Geology honored Dr.
Eliot Blackwelder, new head of the Ge
ology department, at a dinner of wel
come Friday evening in the Engineers'
Club, Mechanics' Institute building, San
Francisco. Brief speeches were made at
the dinner by E. B. Kimball. '95. E. H.
Nutter, '02, R. P. McLaughlin, '02, and
others. Dr. Blackwelder comes to Stan
ford after a long career as consulting
geologist and professor of geology.
Graduates and former students of the
Department of Geology honored Dr.
Eliot Blackwelder, new head of the Ge
ology department, at a dinner of wel
come Friday evening in the Engineers'
Club, Mechanics' Institute building, San
Francisco. Brief speeches were made at
the dinner by E. B. Kimball. '95. E. H.
Nutter, '02, R. P. McLaughlin, '02, and
others. Dr. Blackwelder comes to Stan
ford after a long career as consulting
geologist and professor of geology.
Graduates and former students of the
Department of Geology honored Dr.
Eliot Blackwelder, new head of the Ge
ology department, at a dinner of wel
come Friday evening in the Engineers'
Club, Mechanics' Institute building, San
Francisco. Brief speeches were made at
the dinner by E. B. Kimball. '95. E. H.
Nutter, '02, R. P. McLaughlin, '02, and
others. Dr. Blackwelder comes to Stan
ford after a long career as consulting
geologist and professor of geology.
Graduates and former students of the
Department of Geology honored Dr.
Eliot Blackwelder, new head of the Ge
ology department, at a dinner of wel
come Friday evening in the Engineers'
Club, Mechanics' Institute building, San
Francisco. Brief speeches were made at
the dinner by E. B. Kimball. '95. E. H.
Nutter, '02, R. P. McLaughlin, '02, and
others. Dr. Blackwelder comes to Stan
ford after a long career as consulting
geologist and professor of geology.
Graduates and former students of the
Department of Geology honored Dr.
Eliot Blackwelder, new head of the Ge
ology department, at a dinner of wel
come Friday evening in the Engineers'
Club, Mechanics' Institute building, San
Francisco. Brief speeches were made at
the dinner by E. B. Kimball. '95. E. H.
Nutter, '02, R. P. McLaughlin, '02, and
others. Dr. Blackwelder comes to Stan
ford after a long career as consulting
geologist and professor of geology.
Graduates and former students of the
Department of Geology honored Dr.
Eliot Blackwelder, new head of the Ge
ology department, at a dinner of wel
come Friday evening in the Engineers'
Club, Mechanics' Institute building, San
Francisco. Brief speeches were made at
the dinner by E. B. Kimball. '95. E. H.
Nutter, '02, R. P. McLaughlin, '02, and
others. Dr. Blackwelder comes to Stan
ford after a long career as consulting
geologist and professor of geology.
