# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Rooters' and general admission
tickets for the Stanford-Califor
nia basketball game at Harmon
Gym Wednesday night go on sale
tomorrow afternoon from one to
five upstairs in the Administra
tion building.
Stanford has been allotted 250
rooters' tickets and 50 general
admission tickets. With student
cards, the tickets will be fifty
cents. General admission will be
$1.
Tickets for the second game in
the Pavilion Saturday night will
go on sale Thursday.
Rooters' and general admission
tickets for the Stanford-Califor
nia basketball game at Harmon
Gym Wednesday night go on sale
tomorrow afternoon from one to
five upstairs in the Administra
tion building.
Stanford has been allotted 250
rooters' tickets and 50 general
admission tickets. With student
cards, the tickets will be fifty
cents. General admission will be
$1.
Tickets for the second game in
the Pavilion Saturday night will
go on sale Thursday.
Rooters' and general admission
tickets for the Stanford-Califor
nia basketball game at Harmon
Gym Wednesday night go on sale
tomorrow afternoon from one to
five upstairs in the Administra
tion building.
Stanford has been allotted 250
rooters' tickets and 50 general
admission tickets. With student
cards, the tickets will be fifty
cents. General admission will be
$1.
Tickets for the second game in
the Pavilion Saturday night will
go on sale Thursday.
Rooters' and general admission
tickets for the Stanford-Califor
nia basketball game at Harmon
Gym Wednesday night go on sale
tomorrow afternoon from one to
five upstairs in the Administra
tion building.
Stanford has been allotted 250
rooters' tickets and 50 general
admission tickets. With student
cards, the tickets will be fifty
cents. General admission will be
$1.
Tickets for the second game in
the Pavilion Saturday night will
go on sale Thursday.
Rooters' and general admission
tickets for the Stanford-Califor
nia basketball game at Harmon
Gym Wednesday night go on sale
tomorrow afternoon from one to
five upstairs in the Administra
tion building.
Stanford has been allotted 250
rooters' tickets and 50 general
admission tickets. With student
cards, the tickets will be fifty
cents. General admission will be
$1.
Tickets for the second game in
the Pavilion Saturday night will
go on sale Thursday.
Rooters' and general admission
tickets for the Stanford-Califor
nia basketball game at Harmon
Gym Wednesday night go on sale
tomorrow afternoon from one to
five upstairs in the Administra
tion building.
Stanford has been allotted 250
rooters' tickets and 50 general
admission tickets. With student
cards, the tickets will be fifty
cents. General admission will be
$1.
Tickets for the second game in
the Pavilion Saturday night will
go on sale Thursday.
Rooters' and general admission
tickets for the Stanford-Califor
nia basketball game at Harmon
Gym Wednesday night go on sale
tomorrow afternoon from one to
five upstairs in the Administra
tion building.
Stanford has been allotted 250
rooters' tickets and 50 general
admission tickets. With student
cards, the tickets will be fifty
cents. General admission will be
$1.
Tickets for the second game in
the Pavilion Saturday night will
go on sale Thursday.
Rooters' and general admission
tickets for the Stanford-Califor
nia basketball game at Harmon
Gym Wednesday night go on sale
tomorrow afternoon from one to
five upstairs in the Administra
tion building.
Stanford has been allotted 250
rooters' tickets and 50 general
admission tickets. With student
cards, the tickets will be fifty
cents. General admission will be
$1.
Tickets for the second game in
the Pavilion Saturday night will
go on sale Thursday.
Rooters' and general admission
tickets for the Stanford-Califor
nia basketball game at Harmon
Gym Wednesday night go on sale
tomorrow afternoon from one to
five upstairs in the Administra
tion building.
Stanford has been allotted 250
rooters' tickets and 50 general
admission tickets. With student
cards, the tickets will be fifty
cents. General admission will be
$1.
Tickets for the second game in
the Pavilion Saturday night will
go on sale Thursday.
Rooters' and general admission
tickets for the Stanford-Califor
nia basketball game at Harmon
Gym Wednesday night go on sale
tomorrow afternoon from one to
five upstairs in the Administra
tion building.
Stanford has been allotted 250
rooters' tickets and 50 general
admission tickets. With student
cards, the tickets will be fifty
cents. General admission will be
$1.
Tickets for the second game in
the Pavilion Saturday night will
go on sale Thursday.
Rooters' and general admission
tickets for the Stanford-Califor
nia basketball game at Harmon
Gym Wednesday night go on sale
tomorrow afternoon from one to
five upstairs in the Administra
tion building.
Stanford has been allotted 250
rooters' tickets and 50 general
admission tickets. With student
cards, the tickets will be fifty
cents. General admission will be
$1.
Tickets for the second game in
the Pavilion Saturday night will
go on sale Thursday.
Rooters' and general admission
tickets for the Stanford-Califor
nia basketball game at Harmon
Gym Wednesday night go on sale
tomorrow afternoon from one to
five upstairs in the Administra
tion building.
Stanford has been allotted 250
rooters' tickets and 50 general
admission tickets. With student
cards, the tickets will be fifty
cents. General admission will be
$1.
Tickets for the second game in
the Pavilion Saturday night will
go on sale Thursday.
Rooters' and general admission
tickets for the Stanford-Califor
nia basketball game at Harmon
Gym Wednesday night go on sale
tomorrow afternoon from one to
five upstairs in the Administra
tion building.
Stanford has been allotted 250
rooters' tickets and 50 general
admission tickets. With student
cards, the tickets will be fifty
cents. General admission will be
$1.
Tickets for the second game in
the Pavilion Saturday night will
go on sale Thursday.
Rooters' and general admission
tickets for the Stanford-Califor
nia basketball game at Harmon
Gym Wednesday night go on sale
tomorrow afternoon from one to
five upstairs in the Administra
tion building.
Stanford has been allotted 250
rooters' tickets and 50 general
admission tickets. With student
cards, the tickets will be fifty
cents. General admission will be
$1.
Tickets for the second game in
the Pavilion Saturday night will
go on sale Thursday.
Rooters' and general admission
tickets for the Stanford-Califor
nia basketball game at Harmon
Gym Wednesday night go on sale
tomorrow afternoon from one to
five upstairs in the Administra
tion building.
Stanford has been allotted 250
rooters' tickets and 50 general
admission tickets. With student
cards, the tickets will be fifty
cents. General admission will be
$1.
Tickets for the second game in
the Pavilion Saturday night will
go on sale Thursday.
