# Morell Is Recovering.
## 
### 
A second cablegram has been re
ceived to-day by Mrs. Morel 1 of Palo
Alto, stating that her son G. F. Mor
ell, '09, who was recently injured in
an automobile accident in Europe, is
recovering from the effects of his in
juries. Xo particulars as to when or
where the accident occurred have been
received. It is expected that Morell
will return home as soon as possible
in accordance with his original plans.
A second cablegram has been re
ceived to-day by Mrs. Morel 1 of Palo
Alto, stating that her son G. F. Mor
ell, '09, who was recently injured in
an automobile accident in Europe, is
recovering from the effects of his in
juries. Xo particulars as to when or
where the accident occurred have been
received. It is expected that Morell
will return home as soon as possible
in accordance with his original plans.
A second cablegram has been re
ceived to-day by Mrs. Morel 1 of Palo
Alto, stating that her son G. F. Mor
ell, '09, who was recently injured in
an automobile accident in Europe, is
recovering from the effects of his in
juries. Xo particulars as to when or
where the accident occurred have been
received. It is expected that Morell
will return home as soon as possible
in accordance with his original plans.
A second cablegram has been re
ceived to-day by Mrs. Morel 1 of Palo
Alto, stating that her son G. F. Mor
ell, '09, who was recently injured in
an automobile accident in Europe, is
recovering from the effects of his in
juries. Xo particulars as to when or
where the accident occurred have been
received. It is expected that Morell
will return home as soon as possible
in accordance with his original plans.
A second cablegram has been re
ceived to-day by Mrs. Morel 1 of Palo
Alto, stating that her son G. F. Mor
ell, '09, who was recently injured in
an automobile accident in Europe, is
recovering from the effects of his in
juries. Xo particulars as to when or
where the accident occurred have been
received. It is expected that Morell
will return home as soon as possible
in accordance with his original plans.
A second cablegram has been re
ceived to-day by Mrs. Morel 1 of Palo
Alto, stating that her son G. F. Mor
ell, '09, who was recently injured in
an automobile accident in Europe, is
recovering from the effects of his in
juries. Xo particulars as to when or
where the accident occurred have been
received. It is expected that Morell
will return home as soon as possible
in accordance with his original plans.
A second cablegram has been re
ceived to-day by Mrs. Morel 1 of Palo
Alto, stating that her son G. F. Mor
ell, '09, who was recently injured in
an automobile accident in Europe, is
recovering from the effects of his in
juries. Xo particulars as to when or
where the accident occurred have been
received. It is expected that Morell
will return home as soon as possible
in accordance with his original plans.
A second cablegram has been re
ceived to-day by Mrs. Morel 1 of Palo
Alto, stating that her son G. F. Mor
ell, '09, who was recently injured in
an automobile accident in Europe, is
recovering from the effects of his in
juries. Xo particulars as to when or
where the accident occurred have been
received. It is expected that Morell
will return home as soon as possible
in accordance with his original plans.
A second cablegram has been re
ceived to-day by Mrs. Morel 1 of Palo
Alto, stating that her son G. F. Mor
ell, '09, who was recently injured in
an automobile accident in Europe, is
recovering from the effects of his in
juries. Xo particulars as to when or
where the accident occurred have been
received. It is expected that Morell
will return home as soon as possible
in accordance with his original plans.
A second cablegram has been re
ceived to-day by Mrs. Morel 1 of Palo
Alto, stating that her son G. F. Mor
ell, '09, who was recently injured in
an automobile accident in Europe, is
recovering from the effects of his in
juries. Xo particulars as to when or
where the accident occurred have been
received. It is expected that Morell
will return home as soon as possible
in accordance with his original plans.
A second cablegram has been re
ceived to-day by Mrs. Morel 1 of Palo
Alto, stating that her son G. F. Mor
ell, '09, who was recently injured in
an automobile accident in Europe, is
recovering from the effects of his in
juries. Xo particulars as to when or
where the accident occurred have been
received. It is expected that Morell
will return home as soon as possible
in accordance with his original plans.
