# Adv. 19 Page 5
## 
### 
i|§r
Omicron now features a
complete selection of
handcrafted bags, belts,
wallets and other leather
articles. Our fresh new
designs will delight you and
our low prices will surprise
you. Come in and iudge for
yourself. Handbags from
$10. Belts from $5.
OMICRON
170 Country Shopper, Ladera
'Alpine Rd. just past Fwy 280'
Near Edith Hansen
Open 10-6 daily—Closed Sun.
i|§r
Omicron now features a
complete selection of
handcrafted bags, belts,
wallets and other leather
articles. Our fresh new
designs will delight you and
our low prices will surprise
you. Come in and iudge for
yourself. Handbags from
$10. Belts from $5.
OMICRON
170 Country Shopper, Ladera
'Alpine Rd. just past Fwy 280'
Near Edith Hansen
Open 10-6 daily—Closed Sun.
i|§r
Omicron now features a
complete selection of
handcrafted bags, belts,
wallets and other leather
articles. Our fresh new
designs will delight you and
our low prices will surprise
you. Come in and iudge for
yourself. Handbags from
$10. Belts from $5.
OMICRON
170 Country Shopper, Ladera
'Alpine Rd. just past Fwy 280'
Near Edith Hansen
Open 10-6 daily—Closed Sun.
i|§r
Omicron now features a
complete selection of
handcrafted bags, belts,
wallets and other leather
articles. Our fresh new
designs will delight you and
our low prices will surprise
you. Come in and iudge for
yourself. Handbags from
$10. Belts from $5.
OMICRON
170 Country Shopper, Ladera
'Alpine Rd. just past Fwy 280'
Near Edith Hansen
Open 10-6 daily—Closed Sun.
i|§r
Omicron now features a
complete selection of
handcrafted bags, belts,
wallets and other leather
articles. Our fresh new
designs will delight you and
our low prices will surprise
you. Come in and iudge for
yourself. Handbags from
$10. Belts from $5.
OMICRON
170 Country Shopper, Ladera
'Alpine Rd. just past Fwy 280'
Near Edith Hansen
Open 10-6 daily—Closed Sun.
i|§r
Omicron now features a
complete selection of
handcrafted bags, belts,
wallets and other leather
articles. Our fresh new
designs will delight you and
our low prices will surprise
you. Come in and iudge for
yourself. Handbags from
$10. Belts from $5.
OMICRON
170 Country Shopper, Ladera
'Alpine Rd. just past Fwy 280'
Near Edith Hansen
Open 10-6 daily—Closed Sun.
i|§r
Omicron now features a
complete selection of
handcrafted bags, belts,
wallets and other leather
articles. Our fresh new
designs will delight you and
our low prices will surprise
you. Come in and iudge for
yourself. Handbags from
$10. Belts from $5.
OMICRON
170 Country Shopper, Ladera
'Alpine Rd. just past Fwy 280'
Near Edith Hansen
Open 10-6 daily—Closed Sun.
i|§r
Omicron now features a
complete selection of
handcrafted bags, belts,
wallets and other leather
articles. Our fresh new
designs will delight you and
our low prices will surprise
you. Come in and iudge for
yourself. Handbags from
$10. Belts from $5.
OMICRON
170 Country Shopper, Ladera
'Alpine Rd. just past Fwy 280'
Near Edith Hansen
Open 10-6 daily—Closed Sun.
i|§r
Omicron now features a
complete selection of
handcrafted bags, belts,
wallets and other leather
articles. Our fresh new
designs will delight you and
our low prices will surprise
you. Come in and iudge for
yourself. Handbags from
$10. Belts from $5.
OMICRON
170 Country Shopper, Ladera
'Alpine Rd. just past Fwy 280'
Near Edith Hansen
Open 10-6 daily—Closed Sun.
i|§r
Omicron now features a
complete selection of
handcrafted bags, belts,
wallets and other leather
articles. Our fresh new
designs will delight you and
our low prices will surprise
you. Come in and iudge for
yourself. Handbags from
$10. Belts from $5.
OMICRON
170 Country Shopper, Ladera
'Alpine Rd. just past Fwy 280'
Near Edith Hansen
Open 10-6 daily—Closed Sun.
i|§r
Omicron now features a
complete selection of
handcrafted bags, belts,
wallets and other leather
articles. Our fresh new
designs will delight you and
our low prices will surprise
you. Come in and iudge for
yourself. Handbags from
$10. Belts from $5.
OMICRON
170 Country Shopper, Ladera
'Alpine Rd. just past Fwy 280'
Near Edith Hansen
Open 10-6 daily—Closed Sun.
i|§r
Omicron now features a
complete selection of
handcrafted bags, belts,
wallets and other leather
articles. Our fresh new
designs will delight you and
our low prices will surprise
you. Come in and iudge for
yourself. Handbags from
$10. Belts from $5.
OMICRON
170 Country Shopper, Ladera
'Alpine Rd. just past Fwy 280'
Near Edith Hansen
Open 10-6 daily—Closed Sun.
i|§r
Omicron now features a
complete selection of
handcrafted bags, belts,
wallets and other leather
articles. Our fresh new
designs will delight you and
our low prices will surprise
you. Come in and iudge for
yourself. Handbags from
$10. Belts from $5.
OMICRON
170 Country Shopper, Ladera
'Alpine Rd. just past Fwy 280'
Near Edith Hansen
Open 10-6 daily—Closed Sun.
i|§r
Omicron now features a
complete selection of
handcrafted bags, belts,
wallets and other leather
articles. Our fresh new
designs will delight you and
our low prices will surprise
you. Come in and iudge for
yourself. Handbags from
$10. Belts from $5.
OMICRON
170 Country Shopper, Ladera
'Alpine Rd. just past Fwy 280'
Near Edith Hansen
Open 10-6 daily—Closed Sun.
