# KZSU 90.1 FM
## 
### 
Highlighting Public Affairs
today is the Presidential
Debate, tonight at 8 where
representatives of Richard
Nixon and George McGovern
will discuss the issues. You can
question the participants about
their candidates by calling
328-2000 during the show.
KZSU also examines the
congressional race today, with
an interview with Congressman
Pete McClosky, running for
re-election in this district.

At 7:30, "Onadas
Chicanas," a new program
dedicated to examining issues
of concern to Chicanos, will
look into the farm labor
problem and the United Farm
Workers organization. This
afternoon at 3 p.m. there will
be a special review and
interview on "Marjoe."
Highlighting Public Affairs
today is the Presidential
Debate, tonight at 8 where
representatives of Richard
Nixon and George McGovern
will discuss the issues. You can
question the participants about
their candidates by calling
328-2000 during the show.
KZSU also examines the
congressional race today, with
an interview with Congressman
Pete McClosky, running for
re-election in this district.

At 7:30, "Onadas
Chicanas," a new program
dedicated to examining issues
of concern to Chicanos, will
look into the farm labor
problem and the United Farm
Workers organization. This
afternoon at 3 p.m. there will
be a special review and
interview on "Marjoe."
Highlighting Public Affairs
today is the Presidential
Debate, tonight at 8 where
representatives of Richard
Nixon and George McGovern
will discuss the issues. You can
question the participants about
their candidates by calling
328-2000 during the show.
KZSU also examines the
congressional race today, with
an interview with Congressman
Pete McClosky, running for
re-election in this district.

At 7:30, "Onadas
Chicanas," a new program
dedicated to examining issues
of concern to Chicanos, will
look into the farm labor
problem and the United Farm
Workers organization. This
afternoon at 3 p.m. there will
be a special review and
interview on "Marjoe."
Highlighting Public Affairs
today is the Presidential
Debate, tonight at 8 where
representatives of Richard
Nixon and George McGovern
will discuss the issues. You can
question the participants about
their candidates by calling
328-2000 during the show.
KZSU also examines the
congressional race today, with
an interview with Congressman
Pete McClosky, running for
re-election in this district.

At 7:30, "Onadas
Chicanas," a new program
dedicated to examining issues
of concern to Chicanos, will
look into the farm labor
problem and the United Farm
Workers organization. This
afternoon at 3 p.m. there will
be a special review and
interview on "Marjoe."
Highlighting Public Affairs
today is the Presidential
Debate, tonight at 8 where
representatives of Richard
Nixon and George McGovern
will discuss the issues. You can
question the participants about
their candidates by calling
328-2000 during the show.
KZSU also examines the
congressional race today, with
an interview with Congressman
Pete McClosky, running for
re-election in this district.

At 7:30, "Onadas
Chicanas," a new program
dedicated to examining issues
of concern to Chicanos, will
look into the farm labor
problem and the United Farm
Workers organization. This
afternoon at 3 p.m. there will
be a special review and
interview on "Marjoe."
Highlighting Public Affairs
today is the Presidential
Debate, tonight at 8 where
representatives of Richard
Nixon and George McGovern
will discuss the issues. You can
question the participants about
their candidates by calling
328-2000 during the show.
KZSU also examines the
congressional race today, with
an interview with Congressman
Pete McClosky, running for
re-election in this district.

At 7:30, "Onadas
Chicanas," a new program
dedicated to examining issues
of concern to Chicanos, will
look into the farm labor
problem and the United Farm
Workers organization. This
afternoon at 3 p.m. there will
be a special review and
interview on "Marjoe."
Highlighting Public Affairs
today is the Presidential
Debate, tonight at 8 where
representatives of Richard
Nixon and George McGovern
will discuss the issues. You can
question the participants about
their candidates by calling
328-2000 during the show.
KZSU also examines the
congressional race today, with
an interview with Congressman
Pete McClosky, running for
re-election in this district.

At 7:30, "Onadas
Chicanas," a new program
dedicated to examining issues
of concern to Chicanos, will
look into the farm labor
problem and the United Farm
Workers organization. This
afternoon at 3 p.m. there will
be a special review and
interview on "Marjoe."
Highlighting Public Affairs
today is the Presidential
Debate, tonight at 8 where
representatives of Richard
Nixon and George McGovern
will discuss the issues. You can
question the participants about
their candidates by calling
328-2000 during the show.
KZSU also examines the
congressional race today, with
an interview with Congressman
Pete McClosky, running for
re-election in this district.

At 7:30, "Onadas
Chicanas," a new program
dedicated to examining issues
of concern to Chicanos, will
look into the farm labor
problem and the United Farm
Workers organization. This
afternoon at 3 p.m. there will
be a special review and
interview on "Marjoe."
Highlighting Public Affairs
today is the Presidential
Debate, tonight at 8 where
representatives of Richard
Nixon and George McGovern
will discuss the issues. You can
question the participants about
their candidates by calling
328-2000 during the show.
KZSU also examines the
congressional race today, with
an interview with Congressman
Pete McClosky, running for
re-election in this district.

At 7:30, "Onadas
Chicanas," a new program
dedicated to examining issues
of concern to Chicanos, will
look into the farm labor
problem and the United Farm
Workers organization. This
afternoon at 3 p.m. there will
be a special review and
interview on "Marjoe."
Highlighting Public Affairs
today is the Presidential
Debate, tonight at 8 where
representatives of Richard
Nixon and George McGovern
will discuss the issues. You can
question the participants about
their candidates by calling
328-2000 during the show.
KZSU also examines the
congressional race today, with
an interview with Congressman
Pete McClosky, running for
re-election in this district.

At 7:30, "Onadas
Chicanas," a new program
dedicated to examining issues
of concern to Chicanos, will
look into the farm labor
problem and the United Farm
Workers organization. This
afternoon at 3 p.m. there will
be a special review and
interview on "Marjoe."
Highlighting Public Affairs
today is the Presidential
Debate, tonight at 8 where
representatives of Richard
Nixon and George McGovern
will discuss the issues. You can
question the participants about
their candidates by calling
328-2000 during the show.
KZSU also examines the
congressional race today, with
an interview with Congressman
Pete McClosky, running for
re-election in this district.

At 7:30, "Onadas
Chicanas," a new program
dedicated to examining issues
of concern to Chicanos, will
look into the farm labor
problem and the United Farm
Workers organization. This
afternoon at 3 p.m. there will
be a special review and
interview on "Marjoe."
Highlighting Public Affairs
today is the Presidential
Debate, tonight at 8 where
representatives of Richard
Nixon and George McGovern
will discuss the issues. You can
question the participants about
their candidates by calling
328-2000 during the show.
KZSU also examines the
congressional race today, with
an interview with Congressman
Pete McClosky, running for
re-election in this district.

At 7:30, "Onadas
Chicanas," a new program
dedicated to examining issues
of concern to Chicanos, will
look into the farm labor
problem and the United Farm
Workers organization. This
afternoon at 3 p.m. there will
be a special review and
interview on "Marjoe."
Highlighting Public Affairs
today is the Presidential
Debate, tonight at 8 where
representatives of Richard
Nixon and George McGovern
will discuss the issues. You can
question the participants about
their candidates by calling
328-2000 during the show.
KZSU also examines the
congressional race today, with
an interview with Congressman
Pete McClosky, running for
re-election in this district.

At 7:30, "Onadas
Chicanas," a new program
dedicated to examining issues
of concern to Chicanos, will
look into the farm labor
problem and the United Farm
Workers organization. This
afternoon at 3 p.m. there will
be a special review and
interview on "Marjoe."
Highlighting Public Affairs
today is the Presidential
Debate, tonight at 8 where
representatives of Richard
Nixon and George McGovern
will discuss the issues. You can
question the participants about
their candidates by calling
328-2000 during the show.
KZSU also examines the
congressional race today, with
an interview with Congressman
Pete McClosky, running for
re-election in this district.

At 7:30, "Onadas
Chicanas," a new program
dedicated to examining issues
of concern to Chicanos, will
look into the farm labor
problem and the United Farm
Workers organization. This
afternoon at 3 p.m. there will
be a special review and
interview on "Marjoe."
