# Right Wing Sees New NSA Trend
## 
### 
PHILADELPHIA (CPS) A
second major organization of col
logo conservatives has issued a
favorable report on recent activi
ties by the U.S. National Student
Associat ion.
In its monthly newsletter, the
Intercollegiate Society of In
dividualists. Inc.. a Philadelphia
based national student group, re
ported that the NSA "moved to
ward the middle" during its 16th
National Student Congress last
summer at Indiana University."
The Congress pushed "major
reforms" and elected a "moder
ate" slate of officers, according
to a front-page article by James
A. Rock, who represented ISI nt
the meeting.
Rock, in his report for ISI,
said, "In all. the 16th National
Student Congress signalled the
beginning of a new era in NSA
history, with moderates and con
servatives initiating reforms."
