# SU to Debate Cal In Big Game Meet
## 
### 
A two-gal team of debaters will
take on a male pair from UC-
Berkoley as a Big Game Week
highlight today at noon in Oak
land. The Stanford duo is Jill
Gregory and Connie Baker,
Stanford will take the affirma
tive side of: Resolved, that the
Federal government should in
crease its control over advert is-
A two-gal team of debaters will
take on a male pair from UC-
Berkoley as a Big Game Week
highlight today at noon in Oak
land. The Stanford duo is Jill
Gregory and Connie Baker,
Stanford will take the affirma
tive side of: Resolved, that the
Federal government should in
crease its control over advert is-
A two-gal team of debaters will
take on a male pair from UC-
Berkoley as a Big Game Week
highlight today at noon in Oak
land. The Stanford duo is Jill
Gregory and Connie Baker,
Stanford will take the affirma
tive side of: Resolved, that the
Federal government should in
crease its control over advert is-
A two-gal team of debaters will
take on a male pair from UC-
Berkoley as a Big Game Week
highlight today at noon in Oak
land. The Stanford duo is Jill
Gregory and Connie Baker,
Stanford will take the affirma
tive side of: Resolved, that the
Federal government should in
crease its control over advert is-
A two-gal team of debaters will
take on a male pair from UC-
Berkoley as a Big Game Week
highlight today at noon in Oak
land. The Stanford duo is Jill
Gregory and Connie Baker,
Stanford will take the affirma
tive side of: Resolved, that the
Federal government should in
crease its control over advert is-
A two-gal team of debaters will
take on a male pair from UC-
Berkoley as a Big Game Week
highlight today at noon in Oak
land. The Stanford duo is Jill
Gregory and Connie Baker,
Stanford will take the affirma
tive side of: Resolved, that the
Federal government should in
crease its control over advert is-
A two-gal team of debaters will
take on a male pair from UC-
Berkoley as a Big Game Week
highlight today at noon in Oak
land. The Stanford duo is Jill
Gregory and Connie Baker,
Stanford will take the affirma
tive side of: Resolved, that the
Federal government should in
crease its control over advert is-
A two-gal team of debaters will
take on a male pair from UC-
Berkoley as a Big Game Week
highlight today at noon in Oak
land. The Stanford duo is Jill
Gregory and Connie Baker,
Stanford will take the affirma
tive side of: Resolved, that the
Federal government should in
crease its control over advert is-
A two-gal team of debaters will
take on a male pair from UC-
Berkoley as a Big Game Week
highlight today at noon in Oak
land. The Stanford duo is Jill
Gregory and Connie Baker,
Stanford will take the affirma
tive side of: Resolved, that the
Federal government should in
crease its control over advert is-
A two-gal team of debaters will
take on a male pair from UC-
Berkoley as a Big Game Week
highlight today at noon in Oak
land. The Stanford duo is Jill
Gregory and Connie Baker,
Stanford will take the affirma
tive side of: Resolved, that the
Federal government should in
crease its control over advert is-
A two-gal team of debaters will
take on a male pair from UC-
Berkoley as a Big Game Week
highlight today at noon in Oak
land. The Stanford duo is Jill
Gregory and Connie Baker,
Stanford will take the affirma
tive side of: Resolved, that the
Federal government should in
crease its control over advert is-
A two-gal team of debaters will
take on a male pair from UC-
Berkoley as a Big Game Week
highlight today at noon in Oak
land. The Stanford duo is Jill
Gregory and Connie Baker,
Stanford will take the affirma
tive side of: Resolved, that the
Federal government should in
crease its control over advert is-
A two-gal team of debaters will
take on a male pair from UC-
Berkoley as a Big Game Week
highlight today at noon in Oak
land. The Stanford duo is Jill
Gregory and Connie Baker,
Stanford will take the affirma
tive side of: Resolved, that the
Federal government should in
crease its control over advert is-
A two-gal team of debaters will
take on a male pair from UC-
Berkoley as a Big Game Week
highlight today at noon in Oak
land. The Stanford duo is Jill
Gregory and Connie Baker,
Stanford will take the affirma
tive side of: Resolved, that the
Federal government should in
crease its control over advert is-
A two-gal team of debaters will
take on a male pair from UC-
Berkoley as a Big Game Week
highlight today at noon in Oak
land. The Stanford duo is Jill
Gregory and Connie Baker,
Stanford will take the affirma
tive side of: Resolved, that the
Federal government should in
crease its control over advert is-
A two-gal team of debaters will
take on a male pair from UC-
Berkoley as a Big Game Week
highlight today at noon in Oak
land. The Stanford duo is Jill
Gregory and Connie Baker,
Stanford will take the affirma
tive side of: Resolved, that the
Federal government should in
crease its control over advert is-
A two-gal team of debaters will
take on a male pair from UC-
Berkoley as a Big Game Week
highlight today at noon in Oak
land. The Stanford duo is Jill
Gregory and Connie Baker,
Stanford will take the affirma
tive side of: Resolved, that the
Federal government should in
crease its control over advert is-
