# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Action was last at the Pa
vilion ticket window yesterday,
as all student and faculty sea
son basketball ticket booklets
were sold within two and a half
hours alter sales coniincnccd
at X a.m.
Action was last at the Pa
vilion ticket window yesterday,
as all student and faculty sea
son basketball ticket booklets
were sold within two and a half
hours alter sales coniincnccd
at X a.m.
Action was last at the Pa
vilion ticket window yesterday,
as all student and faculty sea
son basketball ticket booklets
were sold within two and a half
hours alter sales coniincnccd
at X a.m.
Action was last at the Pa
vilion ticket window yesterday,
as all student and faculty sea
son basketball ticket booklets
were sold within two and a half
hours alter sales coniincnccd
at X a.m.
Action was last at the Pa
vilion ticket window yesterday,
as all student and faculty sea
son basketball ticket booklets
were sold within two and a half
hours alter sales coniincnccd
at X a.m.
Action was last at the Pa
vilion ticket window yesterday,
as all student and faculty sea
son basketball ticket booklets
were sold within two and a half
hours alter sales coniincnccd
at X a.m.
Action was last at the Pa
vilion ticket window yesterday,
as all student and faculty sea
son basketball ticket booklets
were sold within two and a half
hours alter sales coniincnccd
at X a.m.
Action was last at the Pa
vilion ticket window yesterday,
as all student and faculty sea
son basketball ticket booklets
were sold within two and a half
hours alter sales coniincnccd
at X a.m.
Action was last at the Pa
vilion ticket window yesterday,
as all student and faculty sea
son basketball ticket booklets
were sold within two and a half
hours alter sales coniincnccd
at X a.m.
Action was last at the Pa
vilion ticket window yesterday,
as all student and faculty sea
son basketball ticket booklets
were sold within two and a half
hours alter sales coniincnccd
at X a.m.
Action was last at the Pa
vilion ticket window yesterday,
as all student and faculty sea
son basketball ticket booklets
were sold within two and a half
hours alter sales coniincnccd
at X a.m.
Action was last at the Pa
vilion ticket window yesterday,
as all student and faculty sea
son basketball ticket booklets
were sold within two and a half
hours alter sales coniincnccd
at X a.m.
Action was last at the Pa
vilion ticket window yesterday,
as all student and faculty sea
son basketball ticket booklets
were sold within two and a half
hours alter sales coniincnccd
at X a.m.
Action was last at the Pa
vilion ticket window yesterday,
as all student and faculty sea
son basketball ticket booklets
were sold within two and a half
hours alter sales coniincnccd
at X a.m.
Action was last at the Pa
vilion ticket window yesterday,
as all student and faculty sea
son basketball ticket booklets
were sold within two and a half
hours alter sales coniincnccd
at X a.m.
Action was last at the Pa
vilion ticket window yesterday,
as all student and faculty sea
son basketball ticket booklets
were sold within two and a half
hours alter sales coniincnccd
at X a.m.
Action was last at the Pa
vilion ticket window yesterday,
as all student and faculty sea
son basketball ticket booklets
were sold within two and a half
hours alter sales coniincnccd
at X a.m.
