# '1963 Gaieties' Features 'Tootmanny,' 'El Librador'
## 
### 
"TOOTMANNY," a parody of
the television show "Hootc
nanny," and "El Librador" or why
a girl joins the Peace Corps, are
some of the highlights of the
Rain's Head "1963 Gaieties." The
show will be presented, tomorrow
through Friday, as part of Big
Game activities.
Ram's Head, Stanford's st u -
dent theatrical group, is a self
supporting, non-profit organiza
tion under the auspices of th e
ASSU. At the end of each aca

demic year, the profits are divided
between a scholarship fund and
the Dramatic Improvement Fund.
Since 1952, Ram's Head ha d
contributed over $20,000 to the
endowment of the scholarship for
deserving student. The Improve
ment Fund is used to better the
theatrical facilities at Stanford
and in recent years has purchased
the curtain from the Fox Theatre
in San Francisco (to be used for
the first time in 1963 Gaities).
Ram's Head presents three
shows a year; the Fall Show,
"Gaieties," is about Stanford,
Stanford life, and Big Game. This
year's show with 19 skits is
termed by the producer, Joseph
Jacobs, as "an old-fashioned musi
cal revue with a forward look."
Among those in lead parts are:
Richard McKee. who appeared in
San Francisco Opera Ring 1958-
59; Susan Leich, who has ap
peared in many Stanford produc
tions and who had a lead in last
year's highly acclaimed Match
maker, Reba Waters, a Stanford
freshman who has been acting
professionally in movies and on
TV for ten years, and who has
recently appeared in an episode
of the TV show "Mr. Novaks";
and Gretchen Diebenkorn, who
has played lead roles for 1 h e
London Circle Players in Oak
land.
The director of "1963 Gaities,"
is Cary Clasz, a graduate student
in Speech and Drama with sev
ei-al years of professional experi
ence; the producer, Joseph Ja
cobs. a Stanford junior long as
sociated with Ram's Head shows.
The musical director is David
Quattrone. a sophomore music
major who also played Lieut.
Cable in Ram's Head's production
of "South Pacific."
The over ;?11 quality of the cast
and orchestra* led to a profes
sional recording session at Coast
Recording Co. in San Francisco
on November 10. This profes
sional recording of the show's
music and songs is a first in
Ram's Head history. In the past
only performance tapes have been
used if a record was made at all.
Sets for Gaieties were designed
by Holmes Easley of the Speech
and Drama department, and Ter
ry Asia, a student in Speech and
Drama. The new single unit
turntable, built for "Dor Hofmei
ster" this summer, is being used
in this production.
"1963 Gaieties" the 52nd annual
show will be presented in Memo
rial Hall and tickets are available
at the Tresidder Box Office. Cur
tain time is 8:30 every night ex
cept 9:30 on Friday.
