# FENCING FOR WOMEN
## 
### 
Advanced instruction in fencing will
be offered women of the University by
Elwyn B. Bugge, instructor in Physi
cal Education and Hygiene. Days and
hours of instruction may be arranged
at Roble Gymnasium by those wishing
to take the course.
Advanced instruction in fencing will
be offered women of the University by
Elwyn B. Bugge, instructor in Physi
cal Education and Hygiene. Days and
hours of instruction may be arranged
at Roble Gymnasium by those wishing
to take the course.
Advanced instruction in fencing will
be offered women of the University by
Elwyn B. Bugge, instructor in Physi
cal Education and Hygiene. Days and
hours of instruction may be arranged
at Roble Gymnasium by those wishing
to take the course.
Advanced instruction in fencing will
be offered women of the University by
Elwyn B. Bugge, instructor in Physi
cal Education and Hygiene. Days and
hours of instruction may be arranged
at Roble Gymnasium by those wishing
to take the course.
Advanced instruction in fencing will
be offered women of the University by
Elwyn B. Bugge, instructor in Physi
cal Education and Hygiene. Days and
hours of instruction may be arranged
at Roble Gymnasium by those wishing
to take the course.
Advanced instruction in fencing will
be offered women of the University by
Elwyn B. Bugge, instructor in Physi
cal Education and Hygiene. Days and
hours of instruction may be arranged
at Roble Gymnasium by those wishing
to take the course.
Advanced instruction in fencing will
be offered women of the University by
Elwyn B. Bugge, instructor in Physi
cal Education and Hygiene. Days and
hours of instruction may be arranged
at Roble Gymnasium by those wishing
to take the course.
Advanced instruction in fencing will
be offered women of the University by
Elwyn B. Bugge, instructor in Physi
cal Education and Hygiene. Days and
hours of instruction may be arranged
at Roble Gymnasium by those wishing
to take the course.
Advanced instruction in fencing will
be offered women of the University by
Elwyn B. Bugge, instructor in Physi
cal Education and Hygiene. Days and
hours of instruction may be arranged
at Roble Gymnasium by those wishing
to take the course.
Advanced instruction in fencing will
be offered women of the University by
Elwyn B. Bugge, instructor in Physi
cal Education and Hygiene. Days and
hours of instruction may be arranged
at Roble Gymnasium by those wishing
to take the course.
Advanced instruction in fencing will
be offered women of the University by
Elwyn B. Bugge, instructor in Physi
cal Education and Hygiene. Days and
hours of instruction may be arranged
at Roble Gymnasium by those wishing
to take the course.
Advanced instruction in fencing will
be offered women of the University by
Elwyn B. Bugge, instructor in Physi
cal Education and Hygiene. Days and
hours of instruction may be arranged
at Roble Gymnasium by those wishing
to take the course.
Advanced instruction in fencing will
be offered women of the University by
Elwyn B. Bugge, instructor in Physi
cal Education and Hygiene. Days and
hours of instruction may be arranged
at Roble Gymnasium by those wishing
to take the course.
Advanced instruction in fencing will
be offered women of the University by
Elwyn B. Bugge, instructor in Physi
cal Education and Hygiene. Days and
hours of instruction may be arranged
at Roble Gymnasium by those wishing
to take the course.
Advanced instruction in fencing will
be offered women of the University by
Elwyn B. Bugge, instructor in Physi
cal Education and Hygiene. Days and
hours of instruction may be arranged
at Roble Gymnasium by those wishing
to take the course.
