# Lowly Browns Wallop St. Louis Nationals
## 
### 
ST. LOUIS, April 13 (UP).—The
Cardinals, favored to win the Na
tional League pennant this season,
dropped a 7-3 decision to the lowly
Browns here today, with the Ameri
can Leaguers combing the offerings
of three Card hurlers for ten base
its.
ST. LOUIS, April 13 (UP).—The
Cardinals, favored to win the Na
tional League pennant this season,
dropped a 7-3 decision to the lowly
Browns here today, with the Ameri
can Leaguers combing the offerings
of three Card hurlers for ten base
its.
ST. LOUIS, April 13 (UP).—The
Cardinals, favored to win the Na
tional League pennant this season,
dropped a 7-3 decision to the lowly
Browns here today, with the Ameri
can Leaguers combing the offerings
of three Card hurlers for ten base
its.
ST. LOUIS, April 13 (UP).—The
Cardinals, favored to win the Na
tional League pennant this season,
dropped a 7-3 decision to the lowly
Browns here today, with the Ameri
can Leaguers combing the offerings
of three Card hurlers for ten base
its.
ST. LOUIS, April 13 (UP).—The
Cardinals, favored to win the Na
tional League pennant this season,
dropped a 7-3 decision to the lowly
Browns here today, with the Ameri
can Leaguers combing the offerings
of three Card hurlers for ten base
its.
ST. LOUIS, April 13 (UP).—The
Cardinals, favored to win the Na
tional League pennant this season,
dropped a 7-3 decision to the lowly
Browns here today, with the Ameri
can Leaguers combing the offerings
of three Card hurlers for ten base
its.
ST. LOUIS, April 13 (UP).—The
Cardinals, favored to win the Na
tional League pennant this season,
dropped a 7-3 decision to the lowly
Browns here today, with the Ameri
can Leaguers combing the offerings
of three Card hurlers for ten base
its.
ST. LOUIS, April 13 (UP).—The
Cardinals, favored to win the Na
tional League pennant this season,
dropped a 7-3 decision to the lowly
Browns here today, with the Ameri
can Leaguers combing the offerings
of three Card hurlers for ten base
its.
ST. LOUIS, April 13 (UP).—The
Cardinals, favored to win the Na
tional League pennant this season,
dropped a 7-3 decision to the lowly
Browns here today, with the Ameri
can Leaguers combing the offerings
of three Card hurlers for ten base
its.
ST. LOUIS, April 13 (UP).—The
Cardinals, favored to win the Na
tional League pennant this season,
dropped a 7-3 decision to the lowly
Browns here today, with the Ameri
can Leaguers combing the offerings
of three Card hurlers for ten base
its.
ST. LOUIS, April 13 (UP).—The
Cardinals, favored to win the Na
tional League pennant this season,
dropped a 7-3 decision to the lowly
Browns here today, with the Ameri
can Leaguers combing the offerings
of three Card hurlers for ten base
its.
ST. LOUIS, April 13 (UP).—The
Cardinals, favored to win the Na
tional League pennant this season,
dropped a 7-3 decision to the lowly
Browns here today, with the Ameri
can Leaguers combing the offerings
of three Card hurlers for ten base
its.
ST. LOUIS, April 13 (UP).—The
Cardinals, favored to win the Na
tional League pennant this season,
dropped a 7-3 decision to the lowly
Browns here today, with the Ameri
can Leaguers combing the offerings
of three Card hurlers for ten base
its.
ST. LOUIS, April 13 (UP).—The
Cardinals, favored to win the Na
tional League pennant this season,
dropped a 7-3 decision to the lowly
Browns here today, with the Ameri
can Leaguers combing the offerings
of three Card hurlers for ten base
its.
ST. LOUIS, April 13 (UP).—The
Cardinals, favored to win the Na
tional League pennant this season,
dropped a 7-3 decision to the lowly
Browns here today, with the Ameri
can Leaguers combing the offerings
of three Card hurlers for ten base
its.
ST. LOUIS, April 13 (UP).—The
Cardinals, favored to win the Na
tional League pennant this season,
dropped a 7-3 decision to the lowly
Browns here today, with the Ameri
can Leaguers combing the offerings
of three Card hurlers for ten base
its.
ST. LOUIS, April 13 (UP).—The
Cardinals, favored to win the Na
tional League pennant this season,
dropped a 7-3 decision to the lowly
Browns here today, with the Ameri
can Leaguers combing the offerings
of three Card hurlers for ten base
its.
