# Job Interviews
## 
### 
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Tide Water Associated Oil Co.:
ChemE, CE, chemistry—summer
and permanent employment. EE,
ME for permanent. ME for sum
mer. Petroleum engineering, M.A.
in geophysics—summer and per
manent. Geology — summer and
permanent.
National Security Agency: EE,
ME, physics, math. Research de
si g n and development. Liberal
arts, languages, physical sciences
—B.A.
J. I. Case Co.: Agricultural and
mechanical engineering, lE.
Northwestern Mutual Life In
surance Co.: Business administra
tion.
The Texas Co., Research and
Technical Division: Chemists —
M.S. and Ph.p. Physics — Ph.D.
Mechanical engineers- M.S.
