# CARDINAL SWORDSMEN DEFEATED BY BEARS, OLYMPIC CLUB TEAM
## 
### 
Stanford's three-man dueling team,
entered in the American Amateur
Fencing League's informal match at
Berkeley Friday night, was defeated
by the University of California's
swordsmen and the Olympic Club.
Don Alden was the outstanding per
former of the Cardinal Cohorts, win
ning two of his three bouts. Coit
Coolidge and Arthur Scutten com
prised the rest of the team. Richard
Hull, an alternate took part in the
round-robin fights of the evening.
Stanford's three-man dueling team,
entered in the American Amateur
Fencing League's informal match at
Berkeley Friday night, was defeated
by the University of California's
swordsmen and the Olympic Club.
Don Alden was the outstanding per
former of the Cardinal Cohorts, win
ning two of his three bouts. Coit
Coolidge and Arthur Scutten com
prised the rest of the team. Richard
Hull, an alternate took part in the
round-robin fights of the evening.
Stanford's three-man dueling team,
entered in the American Amateur
Fencing League's informal match at
Berkeley Friday night, was defeated
by the University of California's
swordsmen and the Olympic Club.
Don Alden was the outstanding per
former of the Cardinal Cohorts, win
ning two of his three bouts. Coit
Coolidge and Arthur Scutten com
prised the rest of the team. Richard
Hull, an alternate took part in the
round-robin fights of the evening.
Stanford's three-man dueling team,
entered in the American Amateur
Fencing League's informal match at
Berkeley Friday night, was defeated
by the University of California's
swordsmen and the Olympic Club.
Don Alden was the outstanding per
former of the Cardinal Cohorts, win
ning two of his three bouts. Coit
Coolidge and Arthur Scutten com
prised the rest of the team. Richard
Hull, an alternate took part in the
round-robin fights of the evening.
Stanford's three-man dueling team,
entered in the American Amateur
Fencing League's informal match at
Berkeley Friday night, was defeated
by the University of California's
swordsmen and the Olympic Club.
Don Alden was the outstanding per
former of the Cardinal Cohorts, win
ning two of his three bouts. Coit
Coolidge and Arthur Scutten com
prised the rest of the team. Richard
Hull, an alternate took part in the
round-robin fights of the evening.
Stanford's three-man dueling team,
entered in the American Amateur
Fencing League's informal match at
Berkeley Friday night, was defeated
by the University of California's
swordsmen and the Olympic Club.
Don Alden was the outstanding per
former of the Cardinal Cohorts, win
ning two of his three bouts. Coit
Coolidge and Arthur Scutten com
prised the rest of the team. Richard
Hull, an alternate took part in the
round-robin fights of the evening.
Stanford's three-man dueling team,
entered in the American Amateur
Fencing League's informal match at
Berkeley Friday night, was defeated
by the University of California's
swordsmen and the Olympic Club.
Don Alden was the outstanding per
former of the Cardinal Cohorts, win
ning two of his three bouts. Coit
Coolidge and Arthur Scutten com
prised the rest of the team. Richard
Hull, an alternate took part in the
round-robin fights of the evening.
Stanford's three-man dueling team,
entered in the American Amateur
Fencing League's informal match at
Berkeley Friday night, was defeated
by the University of California's
swordsmen and the Olympic Club.
Don Alden was the outstanding per
former of the Cardinal Cohorts, win
ning two of his three bouts. Coit
Coolidge and Arthur Scutten com
prised the rest of the team. Richard
Hull, an alternate took part in the
round-robin fights of the evening.
Stanford's three-man dueling team,
entered in the American Amateur
Fencing League's informal match at
Berkeley Friday night, was defeated
by the University of California's
swordsmen and the Olympic Club.
Don Alden was the outstanding per
former of the Cardinal Cohorts, win
ning two of his three bouts. Coit
Coolidge and Arthur Scutten com
prised the rest of the team. Richard
Hull, an alternate took part in the
round-robin fights of the evening.
Stanford's three-man dueling team,
entered in the American Amateur
Fencing League's informal match at
Berkeley Friday night, was defeated
by the University of California's
swordsmen and the Olympic Club.
Don Alden was the outstanding per
former of the Cardinal Cohorts, win
ning two of his three bouts. Coit
Coolidge and Arthur Scutten com
prised the rest of the team. Richard
Hull, an alternate took part in the
round-robin fights of the evening.
Stanford's three-man dueling team,
entered in the American Amateur
Fencing League's informal match at
Berkeley Friday night, was defeated
by the University of California's
swordsmen and the Olympic Club.
Don Alden was the outstanding per
former of the Cardinal Cohorts, win
ning two of his three bouts. Coit
Coolidge and Arthur Scutten com
prised the rest of the team. Richard
Hull, an alternate took part in the
round-robin fights of the evening.
Stanford's three-man dueling team,
entered in the American Amateur
Fencing League's informal match at
Berkeley Friday night, was defeated
by the University of California's
swordsmen and the Olympic Club.
Don Alden was the outstanding per
former of the Cardinal Cohorts, win
ning two of his three bouts. Coit
Coolidge and Arthur Scutten com
prised the rest of the team. Richard
Hull, an alternate took part in the
round-robin fights of the evening.
Stanford's three-man dueling team,
entered in the American Amateur
Fencing League's informal match at
Berkeley Friday night, was defeated
by the University of California's
swordsmen and the Olympic Club.
Don Alden was the outstanding per
former of the Cardinal Cohorts, win
ning two of his three bouts. Coit
Coolidge and Arthur Scutten com
prised the rest of the team. Richard
Hull, an alternate took part in the
round-robin fights of the evening.
Stanford's three-man dueling team,
entered in the American Amateur
Fencing League's informal match at
Berkeley Friday night, was defeated
by the University of California's
swordsmen and the Olympic Club.
Don Alden was the outstanding per
former of the Cardinal Cohorts, win
ning two of his three bouts. Coit
Coolidge and Arthur Scutten com
prised the rest of the team. Richard
Hull, an alternate took part in the
round-robin fights of the evening.
Stanford's three-man dueling team,
entered in the American Amateur
Fencing League's informal match at
Berkeley Friday night, was defeated
by the University of California's
swordsmen and the Olympic Club.
Don Alden was the outstanding per
former of the Cardinal Cohorts, win
ning two of his three bouts. Coit
Coolidge and Arthur Scutten com
prised the rest of the team. Richard
Hull, an alternate took part in the
round-robin fights of the evening.
