# Siemon Muller Lecturer At Journal Club Meeting
## 
### 
"Paleozoic and Mesozoic Seas of
Australasia" is the title of a paper
to be delivered by Sietnon Muller at
the meeting of the Journal Club at
7:45 tonight in Room 334, Geology
building.
"Paleozoic and Mesozoic Seas of
Australasia" is the title of a paper
to be delivered by Sietnon Muller at
the meeting of the Journal Club at
7:45 tonight in Room 334, Geology
building.
"Paleozoic and Mesozoic Seas of
Australasia" is the title of a paper
to be delivered by Sietnon Muller at
the meeting of the Journal Club at
7:45 tonight in Room 334, Geology
building.
"Paleozoic and Mesozoic Seas of
Australasia" is the title of a paper
to be delivered by Sietnon Muller at
the meeting of the Journal Club at
7:45 tonight in Room 334, Geology
building.
"Paleozoic and Mesozoic Seas of
Australasia" is the title of a paper
to be delivered by Sietnon Muller at
the meeting of the Journal Club at
7:45 tonight in Room 334, Geology
building.
"Paleozoic and Mesozoic Seas of
Australasia" is the title of a paper
to be delivered by Sietnon Muller at
the meeting of the Journal Club at
7:45 tonight in Room 334, Geology
building.
"Paleozoic and Mesozoic Seas of
Australasia" is the title of a paper
to be delivered by Sietnon Muller at
the meeting of the Journal Club at
7:45 tonight in Room 334, Geology
building.
"Paleozoic and Mesozoic Seas of
Australasia" is the title of a paper
to be delivered by Sietnon Muller at
the meeting of the Journal Club at
7:45 tonight in Room 334, Geology
building.
"Paleozoic and Mesozoic Seas of
Australasia" is the title of a paper
to be delivered by Sietnon Muller at
the meeting of the Journal Club at
7:45 tonight in Room 334, Geology
building.
"Paleozoic and Mesozoic Seas of
Australasia" is the title of a paper
to be delivered by Sietnon Muller at
the meeting of the Journal Club at
7:45 tonight in Room 334, Geology
building.
"Paleozoic and Mesozoic Seas of
Australasia" is the title of a paper
to be delivered by Sietnon Muller at
the meeting of the Journal Club at
7:45 tonight in Room 334, Geology
building.
"Paleozoic and Mesozoic Seas of
Australasia" is the title of a paper
to be delivered by Sietnon Muller at
the meeting of the Journal Club at
7:45 tonight in Room 334, Geology
building.
"Paleozoic and Mesozoic Seas of
Australasia" is the title of a paper
to be delivered by Sietnon Muller at
the meeting of the Journal Club at
7:45 tonight in Room 334, Geology
building.
"Paleozoic and Mesozoic Seas of
Australasia" is the title of a paper
to be delivered by Sietnon Muller at
the meeting of the Journal Club at
7:45 tonight in Room 334, Geology
building.
"Paleozoic and Mesozoic Seas of
Australasia" is the title of a paper
to be delivered by Sietnon Muller at
the meeting of the Journal Club at
7:45 tonight in Room 334, Geology
building.
