# Stanford Site of Prep Track Meet
## 
### 
California's best high school
track and field men of the coming
1960 season will meet at Stanford
June 4 in the state prep cham
pionships, it was announced yes
terday.
The state's top "Ifi athletes in
each event, as determined by
sectional eliminations, will com
pete.
Track Coach Payton Jordan
termed the awarding of the meet
another step forward for Stan
ford in its drive to attract out
ing spikefests to the campus.
California's best high school
track and field men of the coming
1960 season will meet at Stanford
June 4 in the state prep cham
pionships, it was announced yes
terday.
The state's top "Ifi athletes in
each event, as determined by
sectional eliminations, will com
pete.
Track Coach Payton Jordan
termed the awarding of the meet
another step forward for Stan
ford in its drive to attract out
ing spikefests to the campus.
California's best high school
track and field men of the coming
1960 season will meet at Stanford
June 4 in the state prep cham
pionships, it was announced yes
terday.
The state's top "Ifi athletes in
each event, as determined by
sectional eliminations, will com
pete.
Track Coach Payton Jordan
termed the awarding of the meet
another step forward for Stan
ford in its drive to attract out
ing spikefests to the campus.
California's best high school
track and field men of the coming
1960 season will meet at Stanford
June 4 in the state prep cham
pionships, it was announced yes
terday.
The state's top "Ifi athletes in
each event, as determined by
sectional eliminations, will com
pete.
Track Coach Payton Jordan
termed the awarding of the meet
another step forward for Stan
ford in its drive to attract out
ing spikefests to the campus.
California's best high school
track and field men of the coming
1960 season will meet at Stanford
June 4 in the state prep cham
pionships, it was announced yes
terday.
The state's top "Ifi athletes in
each event, as determined by
sectional eliminations, will com
pete.
Track Coach Payton Jordan
termed the awarding of the meet
another step forward for Stan
ford in its drive to attract out
ing spikefests to the campus.
California's best high school
track and field men of the coming
1960 season will meet at Stanford
June 4 in the state prep cham
pionships, it was announced yes
terday.
The state's top "Ifi athletes in
each event, as determined by
sectional eliminations, will com
pete.
Track Coach Payton Jordan
termed the awarding of the meet
another step forward for Stan
ford in its drive to attract out
ing spikefests to the campus.
California's best high school
track and field men of the coming
1960 season will meet at Stanford
June 4 in the state prep cham
pionships, it was announced yes
terday.
The state's top "Ifi athletes in
each event, as determined by
sectional eliminations, will com
pete.
Track Coach Payton Jordan
termed the awarding of the meet
another step forward for Stan
ford in its drive to attract out
ing spikefests to the campus.
California's best high school
track and field men of the coming
1960 season will meet at Stanford
June 4 in the state prep cham
pionships, it was announced yes
terday.
The state's top "Ifi athletes in
each event, as determined by
sectional eliminations, will com
pete.
Track Coach Payton Jordan
termed the awarding of the meet
another step forward for Stan
ford in its drive to attract out
ing spikefests to the campus.
California's best high school
track and field men of the coming
1960 season will meet at Stanford
June 4 in the state prep cham
pionships, it was announced yes
terday.
The state's top "Ifi athletes in
each event, as determined by
sectional eliminations, will com
pete.
Track Coach Payton Jordan
termed the awarding of the meet
another step forward for Stan
ford in its drive to attract out
ing spikefests to the campus.
California's best high school
track and field men of the coming
1960 season will meet at Stanford
June 4 in the state prep cham
pionships, it was announced yes
terday.
The state's top "Ifi athletes in
each event, as determined by
sectional eliminations, will com
pete.
Track Coach Payton Jordan
termed the awarding of the meet
another step forward for Stan
ford in its drive to attract out
ing spikefests to the campus.
California's best high school
track and field men of the coming
1960 season will meet at Stanford
June 4 in the state prep cham
pionships, it was announced yes
terday.
The state's top "Ifi athletes in
each event, as determined by
sectional eliminations, will com
pete.
Track Coach Payton Jordan
termed the awarding of the meet
another step forward for Stan
ford in its drive to attract out
ing spikefests to the campus.
California's best high school
track and field men of the coming
1960 season will meet at Stanford
June 4 in the state prep cham
pionships, it was announced yes
terday.
The state's top "Ifi athletes in
each event, as determined by
sectional eliminations, will com
pete.
Track Coach Payton Jordan
termed the awarding of the meet
another step forward for Stan
ford in its drive to attract out
ing spikefests to the campus.
California's best high school
track and field men of the coming
1960 season will meet at Stanford
June 4 in the state prep cham
pionships, it was announced yes
terday.
The state's top "Ifi athletes in
each event, as determined by
sectional eliminations, will com
pete.
Track Coach Payton Jordan
termed the awarding of the meet
another step forward for Stan
ford in its drive to attract out
ing spikefests to the campus.
California's best high school
track and field men of the coming
1960 season will meet at Stanford
June 4 in the state prep cham
pionships, it was announced yes
terday.
The state's top "Ifi athletes in
each event, as determined by
sectional eliminations, will com
pete.
Track Coach Payton Jordan
termed the awarding of the meet
another step forward for Stan
ford in its drive to attract out
ing spikefests to the campus.
California's best high school
track and field men of the coming
1960 season will meet at Stanford
June 4 in the state prep cham
pionships, it was announced yes
terday.
The state's top "Ifi athletes in
each event, as determined by
sectional eliminations, will com
pete.
Track Coach Payton Jordan
termed the awarding of the meet
another step forward for Stan
ford in its drive to attract out
ing spikefests to the campus.
California's best high school
track and field men of the coming
1960 season will meet at Stanford
June 4 in the state prep cham
pionships, it was announced yes
terday.
The state's top "Ifi athletes in
each event, as determined by
sectional eliminations, will com
pete.
Track Coach Payton Jordan
termed the awarding of the meet
another step forward for Stan
ford in its drive to attract out
ing spikefests to the campus.
California's best high school
track and field men of the coming
1960 season will meet at Stanford
June 4 in the state prep cham
pionships, it was announced yes
terday.
The state's top "Ifi athletes in
each event, as determined by
sectional eliminations, will com
pete.
Track Coach Payton Jordan
termed the awarding of the meet
another step forward for Stan
ford in its drive to attract out
ing spikefests to the campus.
California's best high school
track and field men of the coming
1960 season will meet at Stanford
June 4 in the state prep cham
pionships, it was announced yes
terday.
The state's top "Ifi athletes in
each event, as determined by
sectional eliminations, will com
pete.
Track Coach Payton Jordan
termed the awarding of the meet
another step forward for Stan
ford in its drive to attract out
ing spikefests to the campus.
