# L.E. BASSETT READS FOR ENGLISH CLUB
## 
### 
Professor L. E. Bassett gave an
excellent and impressive reading of
Stephen Philip's "Herod" at the first
regular meeting of English Club last
night.
13. C. Wohlford, '18, editor of this
year's Quad, and J. M. Sawtelle, '18,
manager of the Sequoia for the com
ing year, were elected to member
ship in the organization. In addi
tion to other business attended to,
Miss Nellita Clioate, '17, president,
appointed two play committees. One,
consisting of CI. A. Davis, '18, chair
man, S. Chapman, '17, Velona Pilcher,
'18, and Miss Marjorie Bailey, consti
tutes the Little Theater committee,
and will attend to any English Club
productions given there. The other
committee, of which Miss Elizabeth
Buckingham is chairman, will have
charge of the English Club play to
be given next semester. Other mem
bers of this committee are J. C.
Cross, '17, L. Warren, '17, and Pro
fessor L. E. Bassett of the English
department.
