# COUGHLIN MYSTERY FINALLY UNFOLDED
## 
### United Press 
HARRISBURG, Pa., Oct. 11.â€”A four
months' search for Baby Blakcley Cough
lin ended today with the confession of
August Pasquale. The infant was ac
cidentally smothered to death and later
buried by Pasquale near Egg Harbor,
N. J., according to Pasquale's confession
to Major Adams of State Police. Adams
announced that Pasquale had revealed
complete details of the kidnapping. I'as
quale said he entered the Coughlin home
in Norristown and placed the child un
der his coat while he made the Getaway.
Some distance from the house he unbut
toned his coat and found the baby dead.
Detectives were sent to New Jersey to
search for the body. Recently Pasquale
wrote a series of notes to the baby's
father, demanding a $12,000-dollar ran
som. At present Pasquale is held on
charges of Blackmail extortion, but if
his confession is borne out, the charge
probbalv will be changcd to kidnapping
or murder.
