# Thanksgiving Dinners May Lose Cranberries
## 
### United Press 
MADISON, Wis., October 11. (United
Press.) —Thanksgiving and Christmas
dinner tables may be minus the cus
tomary cranberry. Wisconsin's cran
berry (Top will be approximately 38,-
000 barrels htis year as compared to
44,000 last year, according to reports
from growers to Joseph A. Becker, of
the Wisconsin Co-operative Crop Re
porting Service, (U. S. Bureau of Crop
Estimates and the Wisconsin State De
partment of Agriculture.)
It was said here there is a shortage
in other cranberry growing states.
MADISON, Wis., October 11. (United
Press.) —Thanksgiving and Christmas
dinner tables may be minus the cus
tomary cranberry. Wisconsin's cran
berry (Top will be approximately 38,-
000 barrels htis year as compared to
44,000 last year, according to reports
from growers to Joseph A. Becker, of
the Wisconsin Co-operative Crop Re
porting Service, (U. S. Bureau of Crop
Estimates and the Wisconsin State De
partment of Agriculture.)
It was said here there is a shortage
in other cranberry growing states.
MADISON, Wis., October 11. (United
Press.) —Thanksgiving and Christmas
dinner tables may be minus the cus
tomary cranberry. Wisconsin's cran
berry (Top will be approximately 38,-
000 barrels htis year as compared to
44,000 last year, according to reports
from growers to Joseph A. Becker, of
the Wisconsin Co-operative Crop Re
porting Service, (U. S. Bureau of Crop
Estimates and the Wisconsin State De
partment of Agriculture.)
It was said here there is a shortage
in other cranberry growing states.
MADISON, Wis., October 11. (United
Press.) —Thanksgiving and Christmas
dinner tables may be minus the cus
tomary cranberry. Wisconsin's cran
berry (Top will be approximately 38,-
000 barrels htis year as compared to
44,000 last year, according to reports
from growers to Joseph A. Becker, of
the Wisconsin Co-operative Crop Re
porting Service, (U. S. Bureau of Crop
Estimates and the Wisconsin State De
partment of Agriculture.)
It was said here there is a shortage
in other cranberry growing states.
MADISON, Wis., October 11. (United
Press.) —Thanksgiving and Christmas
dinner tables may be minus the cus
tomary cranberry. Wisconsin's cran
berry (Top will be approximately 38,-
000 barrels htis year as compared to
44,000 last year, according to reports
from growers to Joseph A. Becker, of
the Wisconsin Co-operative Crop Re
porting Service, (U. S. Bureau of Crop
Estimates and the Wisconsin State De
partment of Agriculture.)
It was said here there is a shortage
in other cranberry growing states.
MADISON, Wis., October 11. (United
Press.) —Thanksgiving and Christmas
dinner tables may be minus the cus
tomary cranberry. Wisconsin's cran
berry (Top will be approximately 38,-
000 barrels htis year as compared to
44,000 last year, according to reports
from growers to Joseph A. Becker, of
the Wisconsin Co-operative Crop Re
porting Service, (U. S. Bureau of Crop
Estimates and the Wisconsin State De
partment of Agriculture.)
It was said here there is a shortage
in other cranberry growing states.
MADISON, Wis., October 11. (United
Press.) —Thanksgiving and Christmas
dinner tables may be minus the cus
tomary cranberry. Wisconsin's cran
berry (Top will be approximately 38,-
000 barrels htis year as compared to
44,000 last year, according to reports
from growers to Joseph A. Becker, of
the Wisconsin Co-operative Crop Re
porting Service, (U. S. Bureau of Crop
Estimates and the Wisconsin State De
partment of Agriculture.)
It was said here there is a shortage
in other cranberry growing states.
MADISON, Wis., October 11. (United
Press.) —Thanksgiving and Christmas
dinner tables may be minus the cus
tomary cranberry. Wisconsin's cran
berry (Top will be approximately 38,-
000 barrels htis year as compared to
44,000 last year, according to reports
from growers to Joseph A. Becker, of
the Wisconsin Co-operative Crop Re
porting Service, (U. S. Bureau of Crop
Estimates and the Wisconsin State De
partment of Agriculture.)
It was said here there is a shortage
in other cranberry growing states.
MADISON, Wis., October 11. (United
Press.) —Thanksgiving and Christmas
dinner tables may be minus the cus
tomary cranberry. Wisconsin's cran
berry (Top will be approximately 38,-
000 barrels htis year as compared to
44,000 last year, according to reports
from growers to Joseph A. Becker, of
the Wisconsin Co-operative Crop Re
porting Service, (U. S. Bureau of Crop
Estimates and the Wisconsin State De
partment of Agriculture.)
It was said here there is a shortage
in other cranberry growing states.
MADISON, Wis., October 11. (United
Press.) —Thanksgiving and Christmas
dinner tables may be minus the cus
tomary cranberry. Wisconsin's cran
berry (Top will be approximately 38,-
000 barrels htis year as compared to
44,000 last year, according to reports
from growers to Joseph A. Becker, of
the Wisconsin Co-operative Crop Re
porting Service, (U. S. Bureau of Crop
Estimates and the Wisconsin State De
partment of Agriculture.)
It was said here there is a shortage
in other cranberry growing states.
MADISON, Wis., October 11. (United
Press.) —Thanksgiving and Christmas
dinner tables may be minus the cus
tomary cranberry. Wisconsin's cran
berry (Top will be approximately 38,-
000 barrels htis year as compared to
44,000 last year, according to reports
from growers to Joseph A. Becker, of
the Wisconsin Co-operative Crop Re
porting Service, (U. S. Bureau of Crop
Estimates and the Wisconsin State De
partment of Agriculture.)
It was said here there is a shortage
in other cranberry growing states.
MADISON, Wis., October 11. (United
Press.) —Thanksgiving and Christmas
dinner tables may be minus the cus
tomary cranberry. Wisconsin's cran
berry (Top will be approximately 38,-
000 barrels htis year as compared to
44,000 last year, according to reports
from growers to Joseph A. Becker, of
the Wisconsin Co-operative Crop Re
porting Service, (U. S. Bureau of Crop
Estimates and the Wisconsin State De
partment of Agriculture.)
It was said here there is a shortage
in other cranberry growing states.
MADISON, Wis., October 11. (United
Press.) —Thanksgiving and Christmas
dinner tables may be minus the cus
tomary cranberry. Wisconsin's cran
berry (Top will be approximately 38,-
000 barrels htis year as compared to
44,000 last year, according to reports
from growers to Joseph A. Becker, of
the Wisconsin Co-operative Crop Re
porting Service, (U. S. Bureau of Crop
Estimates and the Wisconsin State De
partment of Agriculture.)
It was said here there is a shortage
in other cranberry growing states.
