# NOTICE!
## 
### 
No freshman rally will be held this
evening, due to the smoker scheduled
at Sequoia Hall.
No freshman rally will be held this
evening, due to the smoker scheduled
at Sequoia Hall.
No freshman rally will be held this
evening, due to the smoker scheduled
at Sequoia Hall.
No freshman rally will be held this
evening, due to the smoker scheduled
at Sequoia Hall.
No freshman rally will be held this
evening, due to the smoker scheduled
at Sequoia Hall.
No freshman rally will be held this
evening, due to the smoker scheduled
at Sequoia Hall.
No freshman rally will be held this
evening, due to the smoker scheduled
at Sequoia Hall.
No freshman rally will be held this
evening, due to the smoker scheduled
at Sequoia Hall.
No freshman rally will be held this
evening, due to the smoker scheduled
at Sequoia Hall.
No freshman rally will be held this
evening, due to the smoker scheduled
at Sequoia Hall.
No freshman rally will be held this
evening, due to the smoker scheduled
at Sequoia Hall.
No freshman rally will be held this
evening, due to the smoker scheduled
at Sequoia Hall.
No freshman rally will be held this
evening, due to the smoker scheduled
at Sequoia Hall.
