# COX SCORES HARDING AS "IRRECONCILABLE"
## 
### United Press 
SPRINGFIELD, Til., Oct. 11.—Open
ing his invasion of Illinois here today
Governor Cox said his main objective
from now on will be a drive on pro
leaguers in the Republican ranks. Cok
declared that hi senergies frvould be
aimed along this line because "Harding
has deserted Taft, Hughes, Wickersham,
and root, and has gone over into the
camp of the irreconcilables by rejection
of the covenant." To accomplish his aim,
Cox plans to use both "persuasion" and
"force."
SPRINGFIELD, Til., Oct. 11.—Open
ing his invasion of Illinois here today
Governor Cox said his main objective
from now on will be a drive on pro
leaguers in the Republican ranks. Cok
declared that hi senergies frvould be
aimed along this line because "Harding
has deserted Taft, Hughes, Wickersham,
and root, and has gone over into the
camp of the irreconcilables by rejection
of the covenant." To accomplish his aim,
Cox plans to use both "persuasion" and
"force."
SPRINGFIELD, Til., Oct. 11.—Open
ing his invasion of Illinois here today
Governor Cox said his main objective
from now on will be a drive on pro
leaguers in the Republican ranks. Cok
declared that hi senergies frvould be
aimed along this line because "Harding
has deserted Taft, Hughes, Wickersham,
and root, and has gone over into the
camp of the irreconcilables by rejection
of the covenant." To accomplish his aim,
Cox plans to use both "persuasion" and
"force."
SPRINGFIELD, Til., Oct. 11.—Open
ing his invasion of Illinois here today
Governor Cox said his main objective
from now on will be a drive on pro
leaguers in the Republican ranks. Cok
declared that hi senergies frvould be
aimed along this line because "Harding
has deserted Taft, Hughes, Wickersham,
and root, and has gone over into the
camp of the irreconcilables by rejection
of the covenant." To accomplish his aim,
Cox plans to use both "persuasion" and
"force."
SPRINGFIELD, Til., Oct. 11.—Open
ing his invasion of Illinois here today
Governor Cox said his main objective
from now on will be a drive on pro
leaguers in the Republican ranks. Cok
declared that hi senergies frvould be
aimed along this line because "Harding
has deserted Taft, Hughes, Wickersham,
and root, and has gone over into the
camp of the irreconcilables by rejection
of the covenant." To accomplish his aim,
Cox plans to use both "persuasion" and
"force."
SPRINGFIELD, Til., Oct. 11.—Open
ing his invasion of Illinois here today
Governor Cox said his main objective
from now on will be a drive on pro
leaguers in the Republican ranks. Cok
declared that hi senergies frvould be
aimed along this line because "Harding
has deserted Taft, Hughes, Wickersham,
and root, and has gone over into the
camp of the irreconcilables by rejection
of the covenant." To accomplish his aim,
Cox plans to use both "persuasion" and
"force."
SPRINGFIELD, Til., Oct. 11.—Open
ing his invasion of Illinois here today
Governor Cox said his main objective
from now on will be a drive on pro
leaguers in the Republican ranks. Cok
declared that hi senergies frvould be
aimed along this line because "Harding
has deserted Taft, Hughes, Wickersham,
and root, and has gone over into the
camp of the irreconcilables by rejection
of the covenant." To accomplish his aim,
Cox plans to use both "persuasion" and
"force."
SPRINGFIELD, Til., Oct. 11.—Open
ing his invasion of Illinois here today
Governor Cox said his main objective
from now on will be a drive on pro
leaguers in the Republican ranks. Cok
declared that hi senergies frvould be
aimed along this line because "Harding
has deserted Taft, Hughes, Wickersham,
and root, and has gone over into the
camp of the irreconcilables by rejection
of the covenant." To accomplish his aim,
Cox plans to use both "persuasion" and
"force."
SPRINGFIELD, Til., Oct. 11.—Open
ing his invasion of Illinois here today
Governor Cox said his main objective
from now on will be a drive on pro
leaguers in the Republican ranks. Cok
declared that hi senergies frvould be
aimed along this line because "Harding
has deserted Taft, Hughes, Wickersham,
and root, and has gone over into the
camp of the irreconcilables by rejection
of the covenant." To accomplish his aim,
Cox plans to use both "persuasion" and
"force."
SPRINGFIELD, Til., Oct. 11.—Open
ing his invasion of Illinois here today
Governor Cox said his main objective
from now on will be a drive on pro
leaguers in the Republican ranks. Cok
declared that hi senergies frvould be
aimed along this line because "Harding
has deserted Taft, Hughes, Wickersham,
and root, and has gone over into the
camp of the irreconcilables by rejection
of the covenant." To accomplish his aim,
Cox plans to use both "persuasion" and
"force."
SPRINGFIELD, Til., Oct. 11.—Open
ing his invasion of Illinois here today
Governor Cox said his main objective
from now on will be a drive on pro
leaguers in the Republican ranks. Cok
declared that hi senergies frvould be
aimed along this line because "Harding
has deserted Taft, Hughes, Wickersham,
and root, and has gone over into the
camp of the irreconcilables by rejection
of the covenant." To accomplish his aim,
Cox plans to use both "persuasion" and
"force."
SPRINGFIELD, Til., Oct. 11.—Open
ing his invasion of Illinois here today
Governor Cox said his main objective
from now on will be a drive on pro
leaguers in the Republican ranks. Cok
declared that hi senergies frvould be
aimed along this line because "Harding
has deserted Taft, Hughes, Wickersham,
and root, and has gone over into the
camp of the irreconcilables by rejection
of the covenant." To accomplish his aim,
Cox plans to use both "persuasion" and
"force."
SPRINGFIELD, Til., Oct. 11.—Open
ing his invasion of Illinois here today
Governor Cox said his main objective
from now on will be a drive on pro
leaguers in the Republican ranks. Cok
declared that hi senergies frvould be
aimed along this line because "Harding
has deserted Taft, Hughes, Wickersham,
and root, and has gone over into the
camp of the irreconcilables by rejection
of the covenant." To accomplish his aim,
Cox plans to use both "persuasion" and
"force."
