# Oregon Abolishes Capital Punishment.
## 
### 
Salem, Or., Dec. 1. —Complete official
returns from the election of November
?> shows thai rapital punishment was
abolished by the small majority of 157.
Salem, Or., Dec. 1. —Complete official
returns from the election of November
?> shows thai rapital punishment was
abolished by the small majority of 157.
Salem, Or., Dec. 1. —Complete official
returns from the election of November
?> shows thai rapital punishment was
abolished by the small majority of 157.
Salem, Or., Dec. 1. —Complete official
returns from the election of November
?> shows thai rapital punishment was
abolished by the small majority of 157.
Salem, Or., Dec. 1. —Complete official
returns from the election of November
?> shows thai rapital punishment was
abolished by the small majority of 157.
Salem, Or., Dec. 1. —Complete official
returns from the election of November
?> shows thai rapital punishment was
abolished by the small majority of 157.
Salem, Or., Dec. 1. —Complete official
returns from the election of November
?> shows thai rapital punishment was
abolished by the small majority of 157.
Salem, Or., Dec. 1. —Complete official
returns from the election of November
?> shows thai rapital punishment was
abolished by the small majority of 157.
Salem, Or., Dec. 1. —Complete official
returns from the election of November
?> shows thai rapital punishment was
abolished by the small majority of 157.
Salem, Or., Dec. 1. —Complete official
returns from the election of November
?> shows thai rapital punishment was
abolished by the small majority of 157.
Salem, Or., Dec. 1. —Complete official
returns from the election of November
?> shows thai rapital punishment was
abolished by the small majority of 157.
Salem, Or., Dec. 1. —Complete official
returns from the election of November
?> shows thai rapital punishment was
abolished by the small majority of 157.
Salem, Or., Dec. 1. —Complete official
returns from the election of November
?> shows thai rapital punishment was
abolished by the small majority of 157.
Salem, Or., Dec. 1. —Complete official
returns from the election of November
?> shows thai rapital punishment was
abolished by the small majority of 157.
