# Students Liked Girls' Cooking.
## 
### 
A guard has been found necessary at
the University of Montana to keep
hungry students from eating the food
cooked by the girls in the domestic
science department.
A guard has been found necessary at
the University of Montana to keep
hungry students from eating the food
cooked by the girls in the domestic
science department.
A guard has been found necessary at
the University of Montana to keep
hungry students from eating the food
cooked by the girls in the domestic
science department.
A guard has been found necessary at
the University of Montana to keep
hungry students from eating the food
cooked by the girls in the domestic
science department.
A guard has been found necessary at
the University of Montana to keep
hungry students from eating the food
cooked by the girls in the domestic
science department.
A guard has been found necessary at
the University of Montana to keep
hungry students from eating the food
cooked by the girls in the domestic
science department.
A guard has been found necessary at
the University of Montana to keep
hungry students from eating the food
cooked by the girls in the domestic
science department.
A guard has been found necessary at
the University of Montana to keep
hungry students from eating the food
cooked by the girls in the domestic
science department.
A guard has been found necessary at
the University of Montana to keep
hungry students from eating the food
cooked by the girls in the domestic
science department.
A guard has been found necessary at
the University of Montana to keep
hungry students from eating the food
cooked by the girls in the domestic
science department.
A guard has been found necessary at
the University of Montana to keep
hungry students from eating the food
cooked by the girls in the domestic
science department.
A guard has been found necessary at
the University of Montana to keep
hungry students from eating the food
cooked by the girls in the domestic
science department.
A guard has been found necessary at
the University of Montana to keep
hungry students from eating the food
cooked by the girls in the domestic
science department.
A guard has been found necessary at
the University of Montana to keep
hungry students from eating the food
cooked by the girls in the domestic
science department.
