# A 						New Minor Sport.
## 
### 
Walking is a recognized sport for
eirls at Illinois College.
Walking is a recognized sport for
eirls at Illinois College.
Walking is a recognized sport for
eirls at Illinois College.
Walking is a recognized sport for
eirls at Illinois College.
Walking is a recognized sport for
eirls at Illinois College.
Walking is a recognized sport for
eirls at Illinois College.
Walking is a recognized sport for
eirls at Illinois College.
Walking is a recognized sport for
eirls at Illinois College.
Walking is a recognized sport for
eirls at Illinois College.
Walking is a recognized sport for
eirls at Illinois College.
Walking is a recognized sport for
eirls at Illinois College.
Walking is a recognized sport for
eirls at Illinois College.
Walking is a recognized sport for
eirls at Illinois College.
Walking is a recognized sport for
eirls at Illinois College.
