# SIN AND WORLDLINESS IN CHICAGO IS APPALLING
## 
### (By United Press 
CHICAGO, Oct. 26. —"Sin and world
liness" have become so appalling in
Chicago that the Chicago Church Fed
eration has issued a call for a special
meeting to offer earnest prayers for
relief.
CHICAGO, Oct. 26. —"Sin and world
liness" have become so appalling in
Chicago that the Chicago Church Fed
eration has issued a call for a special
meeting to offer earnest prayers for
relief.
CHICAGO, Oct. 26. —"Sin and world
liness" have become so appalling in
Chicago that the Chicago Church Fed
eration has issued a call for a special
meeting to offer earnest prayers for
relief.
CHICAGO, Oct. 26. —"Sin and world
liness" have become so appalling in
Chicago that the Chicago Church Fed
eration has issued a call for a special
meeting to offer earnest prayers for
relief.
CHICAGO, Oct. 26. —"Sin and world
liness" have become so appalling in
Chicago that the Chicago Church Fed
eration has issued a call for a special
meeting to offer earnest prayers for
relief.
CHICAGO, Oct. 26. —"Sin and world
liness" have become so appalling in
Chicago that the Chicago Church Fed
eration has issued a call for a special
meeting to offer earnest prayers for
relief.
CHICAGO, Oct. 26. —"Sin and world
liness" have become so appalling in
Chicago that the Chicago Church Fed
eration has issued a call for a special
meeting to offer earnest prayers for
relief.
CHICAGO, Oct. 26. —"Sin and world
liness" have become so appalling in
Chicago that the Chicago Church Fed
eration has issued a call for a special
meeting to offer earnest prayers for
relief.
CHICAGO, Oct. 26. —"Sin and world
liness" have become so appalling in
Chicago that the Chicago Church Fed
eration has issued a call for a special
meeting to offer earnest prayers for
relief.
CHICAGO, Oct. 26. —"Sin and world
liness" have become so appalling in
Chicago that the Chicago Church Fed
eration has issued a call for a special
meeting to offer earnest prayers for
relief.
CHICAGO, Oct. 26. —"Sin and world
liness" have become so appalling in
Chicago that the Chicago Church Fed
eration has issued a call for a special
meeting to offer earnest prayers for
relief.
CHICAGO, Oct. 26. —"Sin and world
liness" have become so appalling in
Chicago that the Chicago Church Fed
eration has issued a call for a special
meeting to offer earnest prayers for
relief.
CHICAGO, Oct. 26. —"Sin and world
liness" have become so appalling in
Chicago that the Chicago Church Fed
eration has issued a call for a special
meeting to offer earnest prayers for
relief.
CHICAGO, Oct. 26. —"Sin and world
liness" have become so appalling in
Chicago that the Chicago Church Fed
eration has issued a call for a special
meeting to offer earnest prayers for
relief.
