# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
No 'Daily' Monday
There will be no issue of the
Stanford Daily on Monday due to
the University holiday. The Daily
will resume publication Tuesday
morning.
No 'Daily' Monday
There will be no issue of the
Stanford Daily on Monday due to
the University holiday. The Daily
will resume publication Tuesday
morning.
No 'Daily' Monday
There will be no issue of the
Stanford Daily on Monday due to
the University holiday. The Daily
will resume publication Tuesday
morning.
No 'Daily' Monday
There will be no issue of the
Stanford Daily on Monday due to
the University holiday. The Daily
will resume publication Tuesday
morning.
No 'Daily' Monday
There will be no issue of the
Stanford Daily on Monday due to
the University holiday. The Daily
will resume publication Tuesday
morning.
No 'Daily' Monday
There will be no issue of the
Stanford Daily on Monday due to
the University holiday. The Daily
will resume publication Tuesday
morning.
No 'Daily' Monday
There will be no issue of the
Stanford Daily on Monday due to
the University holiday. The Daily
will resume publication Tuesday
morning.
No 'Daily' Monday
There will be no issue of the
Stanford Daily on Monday due to
the University holiday. The Daily
will resume publication Tuesday
morning.
No 'Daily' Monday
There will be no issue of the
Stanford Daily on Monday due to
the University holiday. The Daily
will resume publication Tuesday
morning.
No 'Daily' Monday
There will be no issue of the
Stanford Daily on Monday due to
the University holiday. The Daily
will resume publication Tuesday
morning.
No 'Daily' Monday
There will be no issue of the
Stanford Daily on Monday due to
the University holiday. The Daily
will resume publication Tuesday
morning.
No 'Daily' Monday
There will be no issue of the
Stanford Daily on Monday due to
the University holiday. The Daily
will resume publication Tuesday
morning.
No 'Daily' Monday
There will be no issue of the
Stanford Daily on Monday due to
the University holiday. The Daily
will resume publication Tuesday
morning.
No 'Daily' Monday
There will be no issue of the
Stanford Daily on Monday due to
the University holiday. The Daily
will resume publication Tuesday
morning.
No 'Daily' Monday
There will be no issue of the
Stanford Daily on Monday due to
the University holiday. The Daily
will resume publication Tuesday
morning.
