# Adv. 12 Page 4
## 
### 
THERE'S LIFE
IN HOLLYWOOD
HOLLYWOOD /
PALE DRY
GINGER ALE
The Drink of (lie Stars
HOLLYWOOD ,
POMO DRY
"Drink your grapefruit!"
Pomo is made of the juice
of true ripe grapefruit.
•
HOLLYWOOD
LiME RICKEY
DRY
Blended fresh lime and
lemon juice
THERE'S LIFE
IN HOLLYWOOD
HOLLYWOOD /
PALE DRY
GINGER ALE
The Drink of (lie Stars
HOLLYWOOD ,
POMO DRY
"Drink your grapefruit!"
Pomo is made of the juice
of true ripe grapefruit.
•
HOLLYWOOD
LiME RICKEY
DRY
Blended fresh lime and
lemon juice
THERE'S LIFE
IN HOLLYWOOD
HOLLYWOOD /
PALE DRY
GINGER ALE
The Drink of (lie Stars
HOLLYWOOD ,
POMO DRY
"Drink your grapefruit!"
Pomo is made of the juice
of true ripe grapefruit.
•
HOLLYWOOD
LiME RICKEY
DRY
Blended fresh lime and
lemon juice
THERE'S LIFE
IN HOLLYWOOD
HOLLYWOOD /
PALE DRY
GINGER ALE
The Drink of (lie Stars
HOLLYWOOD ,
POMO DRY
"Drink your grapefruit!"
Pomo is made of the juice
of true ripe grapefruit.
•
HOLLYWOOD
LiME RICKEY
DRY
Blended fresh lime and
lemon juice
THERE'S LIFE
IN HOLLYWOOD
HOLLYWOOD /
PALE DRY
GINGER ALE
The Drink of (lie Stars
HOLLYWOOD ,
POMO DRY
"Drink your grapefruit!"
Pomo is made of the juice
of true ripe grapefruit.
•
HOLLYWOOD
LiME RICKEY
DRY
Blended fresh lime and
lemon juice
THERE'S LIFE
IN HOLLYWOOD
HOLLYWOOD /
PALE DRY
GINGER ALE
The Drink of (lie Stars
HOLLYWOOD ,
POMO DRY
"Drink your grapefruit!"
Pomo is made of the juice
of true ripe grapefruit.
•
HOLLYWOOD
LiME RICKEY
DRY
Blended fresh lime and
lemon juice
THERE'S LIFE
IN HOLLYWOOD
HOLLYWOOD /
PALE DRY
GINGER ALE
The Drink of (lie Stars
HOLLYWOOD ,
POMO DRY
"Drink your grapefruit!"
Pomo is made of the juice
of true ripe grapefruit.
•
HOLLYWOOD
LiME RICKEY
DRY
Blended fresh lime and
lemon juice
THERE'S LIFE
IN HOLLYWOOD
HOLLYWOOD /
PALE DRY
GINGER ALE
The Drink of (lie Stars
HOLLYWOOD ,
POMO DRY
"Drink your grapefruit!"
Pomo is made of the juice
of true ripe grapefruit.
•
HOLLYWOOD
LiME RICKEY
DRY
Blended fresh lime and
lemon juice
THERE'S LIFE
IN HOLLYWOOD
HOLLYWOOD /
PALE DRY
GINGER ALE
The Drink of (lie Stars
HOLLYWOOD ,
POMO DRY
"Drink your grapefruit!"
Pomo is made of the juice
of true ripe grapefruit.
•
HOLLYWOOD
LiME RICKEY
DRY
Blended fresh lime and
lemon juice
THERE'S LIFE
IN HOLLYWOOD
HOLLYWOOD /
PALE DRY
GINGER ALE
The Drink of (lie Stars
HOLLYWOOD ,
POMO DRY
"Drink your grapefruit!"
Pomo is made of the juice
of true ripe grapefruit.
•
HOLLYWOOD
LiME RICKEY
DRY
Blended fresh lime and
lemon juice
THERE'S LIFE
IN HOLLYWOOD
HOLLYWOOD /
PALE DRY
GINGER ALE
The Drink of (lie Stars
HOLLYWOOD ,
POMO DRY
"Drink your grapefruit!"
Pomo is made of the juice
of true ripe grapefruit.
•
HOLLYWOOD
LiME RICKEY
DRY
Blended fresh lime and
lemon juice
THERE'S LIFE
IN HOLLYWOOD
HOLLYWOOD /
PALE DRY
GINGER ALE
The Drink of (lie Stars
HOLLYWOOD ,
POMO DRY
"Drink your grapefruit!"
Pomo is made of the juice
of true ripe grapefruit.
•
HOLLYWOOD
LiME RICKEY
DRY
Blended fresh lime and
lemon juice
THERE'S LIFE
IN HOLLYWOOD
HOLLYWOOD /
PALE DRY
GINGER ALE
The Drink of (lie Stars
HOLLYWOOD ,
POMO DRY
"Drink your grapefruit!"
Pomo is made of the juice
of true ripe grapefruit.
•
HOLLYWOOD
LiME RICKEY
DRY
Blended fresh lime and
lemon juice
THERE'S LIFE
IN HOLLYWOOD
HOLLYWOOD /
PALE DRY
GINGER ALE
The Drink of (lie Stars
HOLLYWOOD ,
POMO DRY
"Drink your grapefruit!"
Pomo is made of the juice
of true ripe grapefruit.
•
HOLLYWOOD
LiME RICKEY
DRY
Blended fresh lime and
lemon juice
THERE'S LIFE
IN HOLLYWOOD
HOLLYWOOD /
PALE DRY
GINGER ALE
The Drink of (lie Stars
HOLLYWOOD ,
POMO DRY
"Drink your grapefruit!"
Pomo is made of the juice
of true ripe grapefruit.
•
HOLLYWOOD
LiME RICKEY
DRY
Blended fresh lime and
lemon juice
