# AIR-MINDED EXPLORER
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 8 (/P). —'The
lost cities of the Mayas on Yucatan
peninsula will be sought by Robert
B. Stacy-Judd, explorer, who is ne
gotiating for a small dirigible to
make the trip.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 8 (/P). —'The
lost cities of the Mayas on Yucatan
peninsula will be sought by Robert
B. Stacy-Judd, explorer, who is ne
gotiating for a small dirigible to
make the trip.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 8 (/P). —'The
lost cities of the Mayas on Yucatan
peninsula will be sought by Robert
B. Stacy-Judd, explorer, who is ne
gotiating for a small dirigible to
make the trip.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 8 (/P). —'The
lost cities of the Mayas on Yucatan
peninsula will be sought by Robert
B. Stacy-Judd, explorer, who is ne
gotiating for a small dirigible to
make the trip.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 8 (/P). —'The
lost cities of the Mayas on Yucatan
peninsula will be sought by Robert
B. Stacy-Judd, explorer, who is ne
gotiating for a small dirigible to
make the trip.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 8 (/P). —'The
lost cities of the Mayas on Yucatan
peninsula will be sought by Robert
B. Stacy-Judd, explorer, who is ne
gotiating for a small dirigible to
make the trip.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 8 (/P). —'The
lost cities of the Mayas on Yucatan
peninsula will be sought by Robert
B. Stacy-Judd, explorer, who is ne
gotiating for a small dirigible to
make the trip.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 8 (/P). —'The
lost cities of the Mayas on Yucatan
peninsula will be sought by Robert
B. Stacy-Judd, explorer, who is ne
gotiating for a small dirigible to
make the trip.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 8 (/P). —'The
lost cities of the Mayas on Yucatan
peninsula will be sought by Robert
B. Stacy-Judd, explorer, who is ne
gotiating for a small dirigible to
make the trip.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 8 (/P). —'The
lost cities of the Mayas on Yucatan
peninsula will be sought by Robert
B. Stacy-Judd, explorer, who is ne
gotiating for a small dirigible to
make the trip.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 8 (/P). —'The
lost cities of the Mayas on Yucatan
peninsula will be sought by Robert
B. Stacy-Judd, explorer, who is ne
gotiating for a small dirigible to
make the trip.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 8 (/P). —'The
lost cities of the Mayas on Yucatan
peninsula will be sought by Robert
B. Stacy-Judd, explorer, who is ne
gotiating for a small dirigible to
make the trip.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 8 (/P). —'The
lost cities of the Mayas on Yucatan
peninsula will be sought by Robert
B. Stacy-Judd, explorer, who is ne
gotiating for a small dirigible to
make the trip.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 8 (/P). —'The
lost cities of the Mayas on Yucatan
peninsula will be sought by Robert
B. Stacy-Judd, explorer, who is ne
gotiating for a small dirigible to
make the trip.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 8 (/P). —'The
lost cities of the Mayas on Yucatan
peninsula will be sought by Robert
B. Stacy-Judd, explorer, who is ne
gotiating for a small dirigible to
make the trip.
