# DEMOS BLAME G.O.P. FOR PRESENT CRISIS
## 
### 
GAINESVILLE, C.a„ Oct. 8 (£>).—
Senator Walter F. George of Georgia
today blamed a "series of respon
sible human acts, policies, and prac
tices of government" for the depres
sion and attributed to the Washing
ton Administration during the last
ten years the major share of respon
sibility for conditions.
"Business depressions do not pro
duce themselves," Senator George
told the Georgia convention of Ki
wanis clubs here. He said with the
inauguration of President Harding
"the business interests of this coun
try assumed complete control of the
affairs of government. The indus
trial, commercial, financial —in a
word, the corporate interests of
America—converged in the person
of Andrew W. Mellon, the Secretary
of the Treasury.
GAINESVILLE, C.a„ Oct. 8 (£>).—
Senator Walter F. George of Georgia
today blamed a "series of respon
sible human acts, policies, and prac
tices of government" for the depres
sion and attributed to the Washing
ton Administration during the last
ten years the major share of respon
sibility for conditions.
"Business depressions do not pro
duce themselves," Senator George
told the Georgia convention of Ki
wanis clubs here. He said with the
inauguration of President Harding
"the business interests of this coun
try assumed complete control of the
affairs of government. The indus
trial, commercial, financial —in a
word, the corporate interests of
America—converged in the person
of Andrew W. Mellon, the Secretary
of the Treasury.
GAINESVILLE, C.a„ Oct. 8 (£>).—
Senator Walter F. George of Georgia
today blamed a "series of respon
sible human acts, policies, and prac
tices of government" for the depres
sion and attributed to the Washing
ton Administration during the last
ten years the major share of respon
sibility for conditions.
"Business depressions do not pro
duce themselves," Senator George
told the Georgia convention of Ki
wanis clubs here. He said with the
inauguration of President Harding
"the business interests of this coun
try assumed complete control of the
affairs of government. The indus
trial, commercial, financial —in a
word, the corporate interests of
America—converged in the person
of Andrew W. Mellon, the Secretary
of the Treasury.
GAINESVILLE, C.a„ Oct. 8 (£>).—
Senator Walter F. George of Georgia
today blamed a "series of respon
sible human acts, policies, and prac
tices of government" for the depres
sion and attributed to the Washing
ton Administration during the last
ten years the major share of respon
sibility for conditions.
"Business depressions do not pro
duce themselves," Senator George
told the Georgia convention of Ki
wanis clubs here. He said with the
inauguration of President Harding
"the business interests of this coun
try assumed complete control of the
affairs of government. The indus
trial, commercial, financial —in a
word, the corporate interests of
America—converged in the person
of Andrew W. Mellon, the Secretary
of the Treasury.
GAINESVILLE, C.a„ Oct. 8 (£>).—
Senator Walter F. George of Georgia
today blamed a "series of respon
sible human acts, policies, and prac
tices of government" for the depres
sion and attributed to the Washing
ton Administration during the last
ten years the major share of respon
sibility for conditions.
"Business depressions do not pro
duce themselves," Senator George
told the Georgia convention of Ki
wanis clubs here. He said with the
inauguration of President Harding
"the business interests of this coun
try assumed complete control of the
affairs of government. The indus
trial, commercial, financial —in a
word, the corporate interests of
America—converged in the person
of Andrew W. Mellon, the Secretary
of the Treasury.
GAINESVILLE, C.a„ Oct. 8 (£>).—
Senator Walter F. George of Georgia
today blamed a "series of respon
sible human acts, policies, and prac
tices of government" for the depres
sion and attributed to the Washing
ton Administration during the last
ten years the major share of respon
sibility for conditions.
"Business depressions do not pro
duce themselves," Senator George
told the Georgia convention of Ki
wanis clubs here. He said with the
inauguration of President Harding
"the business interests of this coun
try assumed complete control of the
affairs of government. The indus
trial, commercial, financial —in a
word, the corporate interests of
America—converged in the person
of Andrew W. Mellon, the Secretary
of the Treasury.
GAINESVILLE, C.a„ Oct. 8 (£>).—
Senator Walter F. George of Georgia
today blamed a "series of respon
sible human acts, policies, and prac
tices of government" for the depres
sion and attributed to the Washing
ton Administration during the last
ten years the major share of respon
sibility for conditions.
"Business depressions do not pro
duce themselves," Senator George
told the Georgia convention of Ki
wanis clubs here. He said with the
inauguration of President Harding
"the business interests of this coun
try assumed complete control of the
affairs of government. The indus
trial, commercial, financial —in a
word, the corporate interests of
America—converged in the person
of Andrew W. Mellon, the Secretary
of the Treasury.
GAINESVILLE, C.a„ Oct. 8 (£>).—
Senator Walter F. George of Georgia
today blamed a "series of respon
sible human acts, policies, and prac
tices of government" for the depres
sion and attributed to the Washing
ton Administration during the last
ten years the major share of respon
sibility for conditions.
"Business depressions do not pro
duce themselves," Senator George
told the Georgia convention of Ki
wanis clubs here. He said with the
inauguration of President Harding
"the business interests of this coun
try assumed complete control of the
affairs of government. The indus
trial, commercial, financial —in a
word, the corporate interests of
America—converged in the person
of Andrew W. Mellon, the Secretary
of the Treasury.
GAINESVILLE, C.a„ Oct. 8 (£>).—
Senator Walter F. George of Georgia
today blamed a "series of respon
sible human acts, policies, and prac
tices of government" for the depres
sion and attributed to the Washing
ton Administration during the last
ten years the major share of respon
sibility for conditions.
"Business depressions do not pro
duce themselves," Senator George
told the Georgia convention of Ki
wanis clubs here. He said with the
inauguration of President Harding
"the business interests of this coun
try assumed complete control of the
affairs of government. The indus
trial, commercial, financial —in a
word, the corporate interests of
America—converged in the person
of Andrew W. Mellon, the Secretary
of the Treasury.
GAINESVILLE, C.a„ Oct. 8 (£>).—
Senator Walter F. George of Georgia
today blamed a "series of respon
sible human acts, policies, and prac
tices of government" for the depres
sion and attributed to the Washing
ton Administration during the last
ten years the major share of respon
sibility for conditions.
"Business depressions do not pro
duce themselves," Senator George
told the Georgia convention of Ki
wanis clubs here. He said with the
inauguration of President Harding
"the business interests of this coun
try assumed complete control of the
affairs of government. The indus
trial, commercial, financial —in a
word, the corporate interests of
America—converged in the person
of Andrew W. Mellon, the Secretary
of the Treasury.
GAINESVILLE, C.a„ Oct. 8 (£>).—
Senator Walter F. George of Georgia
today blamed a "series of respon
sible human acts, policies, and prac
tices of government" for the depres
sion and attributed to the Washing
ton Administration during the last
ten years the major share of respon
sibility for conditions.
"Business depressions do not pro
duce themselves," Senator George
told the Georgia convention of Ki
wanis clubs here. He said with the
inauguration of President Harding
"the business interests of this coun
try assumed complete control of the
affairs of government. The indus
trial, commercial, financial —in a
word, the corporate interests of
America—converged in the person
of Andrew W. Mellon, the Secretary
of the Treasury.
GAINESVILLE, C.a„ Oct. 8 (£>).—
Senator Walter F. George of Georgia
today blamed a "series of respon
sible human acts, policies, and prac
tices of government" for the depres
sion and attributed to the Washing
ton Administration during the last
ten years the major share of respon
sibility for conditions.
"Business depressions do not pro
duce themselves," Senator George
told the Georgia convention of Ki
wanis clubs here. He said with the
inauguration of President Harding
"the business interests of this coun
try assumed complete control of the
affairs of government. The indus
trial, commercial, financial —in a
word, the corporate interests of
America—converged in the person
of Andrew W. Mellon, the Secretary
of the Treasury.
GAINESVILLE, C.a„ Oct. 8 (£>).—
Senator Walter F. George of Georgia
today blamed a "series of respon
sible human acts, policies, and prac
tices of government" for the depres
sion and attributed to the Washing
ton Administration during the last
ten years the major share of respon
sibility for conditions.
"Business depressions do not pro
duce themselves," Senator George
told the Georgia convention of Ki
wanis clubs here. He said with the
inauguration of President Harding
"the business interests of this coun
try assumed complete control of the
affairs of government. The indus
trial, commercial, financial —in a
word, the corporate interests of
America—converged in the person
of Andrew W. Mellon, the Secretary
of the Treasury.
GAINESVILLE, C.a„ Oct. 8 (£>).—
Senator Walter F. George of Georgia
today blamed a "series of respon
sible human acts, policies, and prac
tices of government" for the depres
sion and attributed to the Washing
ton Administration during the last
ten years the major share of respon
sibility for conditions.
"Business depressions do not pro
duce themselves," Senator George
told the Georgia convention of Ki
wanis clubs here. He said with the
inauguration of President Harding
"the business interests of this coun
try assumed complete control of the
affairs of government. The indus
trial, commercial, financial —in a
word, the corporate interests of
America—converged in the person
of Andrew W. Mellon, the Secretary
of the Treasury.
GAINESVILLE, C.a„ Oct. 8 (£>).—
Senator Walter F. George of Georgia
today blamed a "series of respon
sible human acts, policies, and prac
tices of government" for the depres
sion and attributed to the Washing
ton Administration during the last
ten years the major share of respon
sibility for conditions.
"Business depressions do not pro
duce themselves," Senator George
told the Georgia convention of Ki
wanis clubs here. He said with the
inauguration of President Harding
"the business interests of this coun
try assumed complete control of the
affairs of government. The indus
trial, commercial, financial —in a
word, the corporate interests of
America—converged in the person
of Andrew W. Mellon, the Secretary
of the Treasury.
