# MANY THRONG DAILY OFFICE IN TRYOUTS
## 
### 
With an office full of tryoutees
fighting to help. Daily stall' members
are relieved this week from the
petty tasks of proof-reading, typing
heads, running errands, and answer- j
ing phones, lor the would-be jour- I
nalist who is the most useful has |
the best chance.
The first assignment, a news story,
turned in last night, showed a start
ling variety of ideas on newspaper ;
style, since no instruction has been
given. At, the meeting in the Daily
office this afternoon Mary Lee Rich- |
mond, women's editor, will point out
the most radical mistakes.
Tryoutees can Still sign up today, I
since no definite office hours have
been assigned. Although many as
pirants have already appeared, the j
large number of reporting positions
open nives more opportunity to pull
through the next two weeks of trial .
period successfully.
