# Offer to Scientific Women.
## 
### 
A prize competition that should
appeal very strongly to the women
of our scientific departments lias
lust been made the subject of pre
jiminary announcement. The As
sociation for Promoting Scientific
Research Among Women, a thor
oughly reliable organization, com
posed of leading female educators,
is the inaugurator. Stanford
women are eligible to compete by
virtue of the University's member
ship in the Association of Collegi
ate Alumnae.
The offer consists of a prize of
one thousand dollars for the best
thesis presented by a woman on a
scientific subject, embodying the
results of her independent labora
tory research in any part of the
field covered by the biological,
chemical, and physical sciences.
The theses presented will be
judged by a regularly appointed
board of examiners, consisting of
twelve specialists representing the
departments above named. The
association reserves the right to
withhold the award of the prize
if the theses are not in the judg
ment of the board of adequate
merit to deserve the award.
The theses must be presented to
the executive committee of the as
sociation, through the secretary,
before December 31, 1902. The
prize will be awarded at the an
nual meeting in April, 1903. Each
thesis must be accompanied by a
seiiled envelope, enclosing the au
thor's name and address and su
perscribed with a title correspond
ing to the one borne by the manu
script The secretary pro tem is
Florence M. Cushing, 8 Walnut
street, Boston, Mass.
A prize competition that should
appeal very strongly to the women
of our scientific departments lias
lust been made the subject of pre
jiminary announcement. The As
sociation for Promoting Scientific
Research Among Women, a thor
oughly reliable organization, com
posed of leading female educators,
is the inaugurator. Stanford
women are eligible to compete by
virtue of the University's member
ship in the Association of Collegi
ate Alumnae.
The offer consists of a prize of
one thousand dollars for the best
thesis presented by a woman on a
scientific subject, embodying the
results of her independent labora
tory research in any part of the
field covered by the biological,
chemical, and physical sciences.
The theses presented will be
judged by a regularly appointed
board of examiners, consisting of
twelve specialists representing the
departments above named. The
association reserves the right to
withhold the award of the prize
if the theses are not in the judg
ment of the board of adequate
merit to deserve the award.
The theses must be presented to
the executive committee of the as
sociation, through the secretary,
before December 31, 1902. The
prize will be awarded at the an
nual meeting in April, 1903. Each
thesis must be accompanied by a
seiiled envelope, enclosing the au
thor's name and address and su
perscribed with a title correspond
ing to the one borne by the manu
script The secretary pro tem is
Florence M. Cushing, 8 Walnut
street, Boston, Mass.
A prize competition that should
appeal very strongly to the women
of our scientific departments lias
lust been made the subject of pre
jiminary announcement. The As
sociation for Promoting Scientific
Research Among Women, a thor
oughly reliable organization, com
posed of leading female educators,
is the inaugurator. Stanford
women are eligible to compete by
virtue of the University's member
ship in the Association of Collegi
ate Alumnae.
The offer consists of a prize of
one thousand dollars for the best
thesis presented by a woman on a
scientific subject, embodying the
results of her independent labora
tory research in any part of the
field covered by the biological,
chemical, and physical sciences.
The theses presented will be
judged by a regularly appointed
board of examiners, consisting of
twelve specialists representing the
departments above named. The
association reserves the right to
withhold the award of the prize
if the theses are not in the judg
ment of the board of adequate
merit to deserve the award.
The theses must be presented to
the executive committee of the as
sociation, through the secretary,
before December 31, 1902. The
prize will be awarded at the an
nual meeting in April, 1903. Each
thesis must be accompanied by a
seiiled envelope, enclosing the au
thor's name and address and su
perscribed with a title correspond
ing to the one borne by the manu
script The secretary pro tem is
Florence M. Cushing, 8 Walnut
street, Boston, Mass.
A prize competition that should
appeal very strongly to the women
of our scientific departments lias
lust been made the subject of pre
jiminary announcement. The As
sociation for Promoting Scientific
Research Among Women, a thor
oughly reliable organization, com
posed of leading female educators,
is the inaugurator. Stanford
women are eligible to compete by
virtue of the University's member
ship in the Association of Collegi
ate Alumnae.
The offer consists of a prize of
one thousand dollars for the best
thesis presented by a woman on a
scientific subject, embodying the
results of her independent labora
tory research in any part of the
field covered by the biological,
chemical, and physical sciences.
The theses presented will be
judged by a regularly appointed
board of examiners, consisting of
twelve specialists representing the
departments above named. The
association reserves the right to
withhold the award of the prize
if the theses are not in the judg
ment of the board of adequate
merit to deserve the award.
The theses must be presented to
the executive committee of the as
sociation, through the secretary,
before December 31, 1902. The
prize will be awarded at the an
nual meeting in April, 1903. Each
thesis must be accompanied by a
seiiled envelope, enclosing the au
thor's name and address and su
perscribed with a title correspond
ing to the one borne by the manu
script The secretary pro tem is
Florence M. Cushing, 8 Walnut
street, Boston, Mass.
A prize competition that should
appeal very strongly to the women
of our scientific departments lias
lust been made the subject of pre
jiminary announcement. The As
sociation for Promoting Scientific
Research Among Women, a thor
oughly reliable organization, com
posed of leading female educators,
is the inaugurator. Stanford
women are eligible to compete by
virtue of the University's member
ship in the Association of Collegi
ate Alumnae.
The offer consists of a prize of
one thousand dollars for the best
thesis presented by a woman on a
scientific subject, embodying the
results of her independent labora
tory research in any part of the
field covered by the biological,
chemical, and physical sciences.
The theses presented will be
judged by a regularly appointed
board of examiners, consisting of
twelve specialists representing the
departments above named. The
association reserves the right to
withhold the award of the prize
if the theses are not in the judg
ment of the board of adequate
merit to deserve the award.
The theses must be presented to
the executive committee of the as
sociation, through the secretary,
before December 31, 1902. The
prize will be awarded at the an
nual meeting in April, 1903. Each
thesis must be accompanied by a
seiiled envelope, enclosing the au
thor's name and address and su
perscribed with a title correspond
ing to the one borne by the manu
script The secretary pro tem is
Florence M. Cushing, 8 Walnut
street, Boston, Mass.
A prize competition that should
appeal very strongly to the women
of our scientific departments lias
lust been made the subject of pre
jiminary announcement. The As
sociation for Promoting Scientific
Research Among Women, a thor
oughly reliable organization, com
posed of leading female educators,
is the inaugurator. Stanford
women are eligible to compete by
virtue of the University's member
ship in the Association of Collegi
ate Alumnae.
The offer consists of a prize of
one thousand dollars for the best
thesis presented by a woman on a
scientific subject, embodying the
results of her independent labora
tory research in any part of the
field covered by the biological,
chemical, and physical sciences.
The theses presented will be
judged by a regularly appointed
board of examiners, consisting of
twelve specialists representing the
departments above named. The
association reserves the right to
withhold the award of the prize
if the theses are not in the judg
ment of the board of adequate
merit to deserve the award.
The theses must be presented to
the executive committee of the as
sociation, through the secretary,
before December 31, 1902. The
prize will be awarded at the an
nual meeting in April, 1903. Each
thesis must be accompanied by a
seiiled envelope, enclosing the au
thor's name and address and su
perscribed with a title correspond
ing to the one borne by the manu
script The secretary pro tem is
Florence M. Cushing, 8 Walnut
street, Boston, Mass.
A prize competition that should
appeal very strongly to the women
of our scientific departments lias
lust been made the subject of pre
jiminary announcement. The As
sociation for Promoting Scientific
Research Among Women, a thor
oughly reliable organization, com
posed of leading female educators,
is the inaugurator. Stanford
women are eligible to compete by
virtue of the University's member
ship in the Association of Collegi
ate Alumnae.
The offer consists of a prize of
one thousand dollars for the best
thesis presented by a woman on a
scientific subject, embodying the
results of her independent labora
tory research in any part of the
field covered by the biological,
chemical, and physical sciences.
The theses presented will be
judged by a regularly appointed
board of examiners, consisting of
twelve specialists representing the
departments above named. The
association reserves the right to
withhold the award of the prize
if the theses are not in the judg
ment of the board of adequate
merit to deserve the award.
The theses must be presented to
the executive committee of the as
sociation, through the secretary,
before December 31, 1902. The
prize will be awarded at the an
nual meeting in April, 1903. Each
thesis must be accompanied by a
seiiled envelope, enclosing the au
thor's name and address and su
perscribed with a title correspond
ing to the one borne by the manu
script The secretary pro tem is
Florence M. Cushing, 8 Walnut
street, Boston, Mass.
