# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Subscriptions to this paper for
the current semester are due and
should be paid at once. Payment
may he made either to the collec
tors or at this office.
Subscriptions to this paper for
the current semester are due and
should be paid at once. Payment
may he made either to the collec
tors or at this office.
Subscriptions to this paper for
the current semester are due and
should be paid at once. Payment
may he made either to the collec
tors or at this office.
Subscriptions to this paper for
the current semester are due and
should be paid at once. Payment
may he made either to the collec
tors or at this office.
Subscriptions to this paper for
the current semester are due and
should be paid at once. Payment
may he made either to the collec
tors or at this office.
Subscriptions to this paper for
the current semester are due and
should be paid at once. Payment
may he made either to the collec
tors or at this office.
Subscriptions to this paper for
the current semester are due and
should be paid at once. Payment
may he made either to the collec
tors or at this office.
