# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Attention is called to the an
nouncement made in another col
umn of the one thousand dollar
prize offered to college women by
the Association for the Promotion
of Scientific Research for Women.
The women of this University are
eligible to compete in this contest,
and there can be no doubt that
there are n good number of women
at this University who, if they did
but try, would make a very good
showing. Such- opportunities as
this contest offers are not to be
neglected, and it is to be hoped
that some of the women here will
enter the contest. In doing so they
can remember that whatever credit
they may gain for themselves is
reflected on ihe University where
they were trained.
