# Adv. 14 Page 4
## 
### 
111®
k V\ Is
More
Couples
com* to
Carlyle Jewelers
for thoir
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared atirf
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'til
111®
k V\ Is
More
Couples
com* to
Carlyle Jewelers
for thoir
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared atirf
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'til
111®
k V\ Is
More
Couples
com* to
Carlyle Jewelers
for thoir
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared atirf
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'til
111®
k V\ Is
More
Couples
com* to
Carlyle Jewelers
for thoir
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared atirf
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'til
111®
k V\ Is
More
Couples
com* to
Carlyle Jewelers
for thoir
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared atirf
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'til
111®
k V\ Is
More
Couples
com* to
Carlyle Jewelers
for thoir
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared atirf
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'til
111®
k V\ Is
More
Couples
com* to
Carlyle Jewelers
for thoir
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared atirf
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'til
111®
k V\ Is
More
Couples
com* to
Carlyle Jewelers
for thoir
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared atirf
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'til
111®
k V\ Is
More
Couples
com* to
Carlyle Jewelers
for thoir
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared atirf
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'til
111®
k V\ Is
More
Couples
com* to
Carlyle Jewelers
for thoir
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared atirf
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'til
111®
k V\ Is
More
Couples
com* to
Carlyle Jewelers
for thoir
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared atirf
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'til
111®
k V\ Is
More
Couples
com* to
Carlyle Jewelers
for thoir
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared atirf
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'til
111®
k V\ Is
More
Couples
com* to
Carlyle Jewelers
for thoir
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared atirf
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'til
111®
k V\ Is
More
Couples
com* to
Carlyle Jewelers
for thoir
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared atirf
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'til
111®
k V\ Is
More
Couples
com* to
Carlyle Jewelers
for thoir
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared atirf
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'til
111®
k V\ Is
More
Couples
com* to
Carlyle Jewelers
for thoir
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared atirf
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'til
