# Whitaker Will Discuss 'Lear'
## 
### 
"Shakespeare's TrA g i c Method'
King Lear" will be the subject. of
a talk lo be given today before llu
Stanford Philological Society by
Professor Virgil K. Whitaker, ex
ecutive head of the English Depart
ment.
Professor Whitaker will .speak at
4:15 this afternoon in the lower
lounge of (he Women's Clubhouse
on campus.
Whitaker's talk will hinge on his
theory that Shakespeare may have
been motivated by religions con
cepts in writing his plays. "To teach
and to delight were therefore to
present a particular action in its
metaphysical or oven theological
context. King Lear represents the
extreme development of many of
these tendencies."
Professor Whitaker is the author
and editor of several books and
many articles. If is chief works in
clude "Shakespeare's Use of Learn
ing" and"The Religious Basis of
Spenser's Thought."
