# Adv. 34 Page 12
## 
### 
Relax. Contemplate
The Skull. Just one of our
unusual candles. He and
his brethren can be found
at...
www.joshuastree.com
< SAIM DIEGO
2 SUMMER SESSION
DC £w£l*M*£
Over
200 day,
evening,
and weekend
courses
available.
Housing and
parking
available.
Telephone: M
[858] 534-4364 I
Toll Free:
(877) 321-UCSD
(858) 534-8271
Email:
summer@ucsd.edu
Website:
orpheus.ucsd.edu/summerjß
UCSD IS THE PLACE TO BE!
Relax. Contemplate
The Skull. Just one of our
unusual candles. He and
his brethren can be found
at...
www.joshuastree.com
< SAIM DIEGO
2 SUMMER SESSION
DC £w£l*M*£
Over
200 day,
evening,
and weekend
courses
available.
Housing and
parking
available.
Telephone: M
[858] 534-4364 I
Toll Free:
(877) 321-UCSD
(858) 534-8271
Email:
summer@ucsd.edu
Website:
orpheus.ucsd.edu/summerjß
UCSD IS THE PLACE TO BE!
Relax. Contemplate
The Skull. Just one of our
unusual candles. He and
his brethren can be found
at...
www.joshuastree.com
< SAIM DIEGO
2 SUMMER SESSION
DC £w£l*M*£
Over
200 day,
evening,
and weekend
courses
available.
Housing and
parking
available.
Telephone: M
[858] 534-4364 I
Toll Free:
(877) 321-UCSD
(858) 534-8271
Email:
summer@ucsd.edu
Website:
orpheus.ucsd.edu/summerjß
UCSD IS THE PLACE TO BE!
Relax. Contemplate
The Skull. Just one of our
unusual candles. He and
his brethren can be found
at...
www.joshuastree.com
< SAIM DIEGO
2 SUMMER SESSION
DC £w£l*M*£
Over
200 day,
evening,
and weekend
courses
available.
Housing and
parking
available.
Telephone: M
[858] 534-4364 I
Toll Free:
(877) 321-UCSD
(858) 534-8271
Email:
summer@ucsd.edu
Website:
orpheus.ucsd.edu/summerjß
UCSD IS THE PLACE TO BE!
Relax. Contemplate
The Skull. Just one of our
unusual candles. He and
his brethren can be found
at...
www.joshuastree.com
< SAIM DIEGO
2 SUMMER SESSION
DC £w£l*M*£
Over
200 day,
evening,
and weekend
courses
available.
Housing and
parking
available.
Telephone: M
[858] 534-4364 I
Toll Free:
(877) 321-UCSD
(858) 534-8271
Email:
summer@ucsd.edu
Website:
orpheus.ucsd.edu/summerjß
UCSD IS THE PLACE TO BE!
Relax. Contemplate
The Skull. Just one of our
unusual candles. He and
his brethren can be found
at...
www.joshuastree.com
< SAIM DIEGO
2 SUMMER SESSION
DC £w£l*M*£
Over
200 day,
evening,
and weekend
courses
available.
Housing and
parking
available.
Telephone: M
[858] 534-4364 I
Toll Free:
(877) 321-UCSD
(858) 534-8271
Email:
summer@ucsd.edu
Website:
orpheus.ucsd.edu/summerjß
UCSD IS THE PLACE TO BE!
