# Preview
## 
### 
Wednesday
News

Julia Butterfly, who spent two years in a tree
house in Luna, a giant old growth redwood in
Humboldt county, speaks tonight in Kresge
Auditorium at 7p.m. In tomorrow's Daily, read
about her fight to preserve the last remaining
old growth redwoods on private land in Cali
fornia.
Wednesday
News

Julia Butterfly, who spent two years in a tree
house in Luna, a giant old growth redwood in
Humboldt county, speaks tonight in Kresge
Auditorium at 7p.m. In tomorrow's Daily, read
about her fight to preserve the last remaining
old growth redwoods on private land in Cali
fornia.
Wednesday
News

Julia Butterfly, who spent two years in a tree
house in Luna, a giant old growth redwood in
Humboldt county, speaks tonight in Kresge
Auditorium at 7p.m. In tomorrow's Daily, read
about her fight to preserve the last remaining
old growth redwoods on private land in Cali
fornia.
Wednesday
News

Julia Butterfly, who spent two years in a tree
house in Luna, a giant old growth redwood in
Humboldt county, speaks tonight in Kresge
Auditorium at 7p.m. In tomorrow's Daily, read
about her fight to preserve the last remaining
old growth redwoods on private land in Cali
fornia.
Wednesday
News

Julia Butterfly, who spent two years in a tree
house in Luna, a giant old growth redwood in
Humboldt county, speaks tonight in Kresge
Auditorium at 7p.m. In tomorrow's Daily, read
about her fight to preserve the last remaining
old growth redwoods on private land in Cali
fornia.
Wednesday
News

Julia Butterfly, who spent two years in a tree
house in Luna, a giant old growth redwood in
Humboldt county, speaks tonight in Kresge
Auditorium at 7p.m. In tomorrow's Daily, read
about her fight to preserve the last remaining
old growth redwoods on private land in Cali
fornia.
