# Tobe-Coburn Offers Prize
## 
### 
Three Fashion Fellowships cov
ering lull tuition for a one-year
course at the Tobe-Coburn School
for Fashion Careers, New York, will
be awarded in the annual nation
wide competition among college
seniors.
The fellowships, valued at $90U
each, are ottered to senior women
graduating before Aug. 20, 1949,
who wish to train for executive
positions in fashion work.
The one-year course at the Tobe-
Coburn School emphasizes actual
contact with the industry through
lectures by fashion personalities,
visits to manufacturers, department
stores, fashion shows, museums, and
periodic working experience in
stores and other fashion organiza
tions.
Registration blanks may be ob
tained from Miss Doyle in the
Women's Counselling office. Regis
tration must be made before Jan.
31. 1949.
Three Fashion Fellowships cov
ering lull tuition for a one-year
course at the Tobe-Coburn School
for Fashion Careers, New York, will
be awarded in the annual nation
wide competition among college
seniors.
The fellowships, valued at $90U
each, are ottered to senior women
graduating before Aug. 20, 1949,
who wish to train for executive
positions in fashion work.
The one-year course at the Tobe-
Coburn School emphasizes actual
contact with the industry through
lectures by fashion personalities,
visits to manufacturers, department
stores, fashion shows, museums, and
periodic working experience in
stores and other fashion organiza
tions.
Registration blanks may be ob
tained from Miss Doyle in the
Women's Counselling office. Regis
tration must be made before Jan.
31. 1949.
Three Fashion Fellowships cov
ering lull tuition for a one-year
course at the Tobe-Coburn School
for Fashion Careers, New York, will
be awarded in the annual nation
wide competition among college
seniors.
The fellowships, valued at $90U
each, are ottered to senior women
graduating before Aug. 20, 1949,
who wish to train for executive
positions in fashion work.
The one-year course at the Tobe-
Coburn School emphasizes actual
contact with the industry through
lectures by fashion personalities,
visits to manufacturers, department
stores, fashion shows, museums, and
periodic working experience in
stores and other fashion organiza
tions.
Registration blanks may be ob
tained from Miss Doyle in the
Women's Counselling office. Regis
tration must be made before Jan.
31. 1949.
Three Fashion Fellowships cov
ering lull tuition for a one-year
course at the Tobe-Coburn School
for Fashion Careers, New York, will
be awarded in the annual nation
wide competition among college
seniors.
The fellowships, valued at $90U
each, are ottered to senior women
graduating before Aug. 20, 1949,
who wish to train for executive
positions in fashion work.
The one-year course at the Tobe-
Coburn School emphasizes actual
contact with the industry through
lectures by fashion personalities,
visits to manufacturers, department
stores, fashion shows, museums, and
periodic working experience in
stores and other fashion organiza
tions.
Registration blanks may be ob
tained from Miss Doyle in the
Women's Counselling office. Regis
tration must be made before Jan.
31. 1949.
Three Fashion Fellowships cov
ering lull tuition for a one-year
course at the Tobe-Coburn School
for Fashion Careers, New York, will
be awarded in the annual nation
wide competition among college
seniors.
The fellowships, valued at $90U
each, are ottered to senior women
graduating before Aug. 20, 1949,
who wish to train for executive
positions in fashion work.
The one-year course at the Tobe-
Coburn School emphasizes actual
contact with the industry through
lectures by fashion personalities,
visits to manufacturers, department
stores, fashion shows, museums, and
periodic working experience in
stores and other fashion organiza
tions.
Registration blanks may be ob
tained from Miss Doyle in the
Women's Counselling office. Regis
tration must be made before Jan.
31. 1949.
Three Fashion Fellowships cov
ering lull tuition for a one-year
course at the Tobe-Coburn School
for Fashion Careers, New York, will
be awarded in the annual nation
wide competition among college
seniors.
The fellowships, valued at $90U
each, are ottered to senior women
graduating before Aug. 20, 1949,
who wish to train for executive
positions in fashion work.
The one-year course at the Tobe-
Coburn School emphasizes actual
contact with the industry through
lectures by fashion personalities,
visits to manufacturers, department
stores, fashion shows, museums, and
periodic working experience in
stores and other fashion organiza
tions.
Registration blanks may be ob
tained from Miss Doyle in the
Women's Counselling office. Regis
tration must be made before Jan.
31. 1949.
Three Fashion Fellowships cov
ering lull tuition for a one-year
course at the Tobe-Coburn School
for Fashion Careers, New York, will
be awarded in the annual nation
wide competition among college
seniors.
The fellowships, valued at $90U
each, are ottered to senior women
graduating before Aug. 20, 1949,
who wish to train for executive
positions in fashion work.
The one-year course at the Tobe-
Coburn School emphasizes actual
contact with the industry through
lectures by fashion personalities,
visits to manufacturers, department
stores, fashion shows, museums, and
periodic working experience in
stores and other fashion organiza
tions.
Registration blanks may be ob
tained from Miss Doyle in the
Women's Counselling office. Regis
tration must be made before Jan.
31. 1949.
Three Fashion Fellowships cov
ering lull tuition for a one-year
course at the Tobe-Coburn School
for Fashion Careers, New York, will
be awarded in the annual nation
wide competition among college
seniors.
The fellowships, valued at $90U
each, are ottered to senior women
graduating before Aug. 20, 1949,
who wish to train for executive
positions in fashion work.
The one-year course at the Tobe-
Coburn School emphasizes actual
contact with the industry through
lectures by fashion personalities,
visits to manufacturers, department
stores, fashion shows, museums, and
periodic working experience in
stores and other fashion organiza
tions.
Registration blanks may be ob
tained from Miss Doyle in the
Women's Counselling office. Regis
tration must be made before Jan.
31. 1949.
Three Fashion Fellowships cov
ering lull tuition for a one-year
course at the Tobe-Coburn School
for Fashion Careers, New York, will
be awarded in the annual nation
wide competition among college
seniors.
The fellowships, valued at $90U
each, are ottered to senior women
graduating before Aug. 20, 1949,
who wish to train for executive
positions in fashion work.
The one-year course at the Tobe-
Coburn School emphasizes actual
contact with the industry through
lectures by fashion personalities,
visits to manufacturers, department
stores, fashion shows, museums, and
periodic working experience in
stores and other fashion organiza
tions.
Registration blanks may be ob
tained from Miss Doyle in the
Women's Counselling office. Regis
tration must be made before Jan.
31. 1949.
Three Fashion Fellowships cov
ering lull tuition for a one-year
course at the Tobe-Coburn School
for Fashion Careers, New York, will
be awarded in the annual nation
wide competition among college
seniors.
The fellowships, valued at $90U
each, are ottered to senior women
graduating before Aug. 20, 1949,
who wish to train for executive
positions in fashion work.
The one-year course at the Tobe-
Coburn School emphasizes actual
contact with the industry through
lectures by fashion personalities,
visits to manufacturers, department
stores, fashion shows, museums, and
periodic working experience in
stores and other fashion organiza
tions.
Registration blanks may be ob
tained from Miss Doyle in the
Women's Counselling office. Regis
tration must be made before Jan.
31. 1949.
Three Fashion Fellowships cov
ering lull tuition for a one-year
course at the Tobe-Coburn School
for Fashion Careers, New York, will
be awarded in the annual nation
wide competition among college
seniors.
The fellowships, valued at $90U
each, are ottered to senior women
graduating before Aug. 20, 1949,
who wish to train for executive
positions in fashion work.
The one-year course at the Tobe-
Coburn School emphasizes actual
contact with the industry through
lectures by fashion personalities,
visits to manufacturers, department
stores, fashion shows, museums, and
periodic working experience in
stores and other fashion organiza
tions.
Registration blanks may be ob
tained from Miss Doyle in the
Women's Counselling office. Regis
tration must be made before Jan.
31. 1949.
Three Fashion Fellowships cov
ering lull tuition for a one-year
course at the Tobe-Coburn School
for Fashion Careers, New York, will
be awarded in the annual nation
wide competition among college
seniors.
The fellowships, valued at $90U
each, are ottered to senior women
graduating before Aug. 20, 1949,
who wish to train for executive
positions in fashion work.
The one-year course at the Tobe-
Coburn School emphasizes actual
contact with the industry through
lectures by fashion personalities,
visits to manufacturers, department
stores, fashion shows, museums, and
periodic working experience in
stores and other fashion organiza
tions.
Registration blanks may be ob
tained from Miss Doyle in the
Women's Counselling office. Regis
tration must be made before Jan.
31. 1949.
Three Fashion Fellowships cov
ering lull tuition for a one-year
course at the Tobe-Coburn School
for Fashion Careers, New York, will
be awarded in the annual nation
wide competition among college
seniors.
The fellowships, valued at $90U
each, are ottered to senior women
graduating before Aug. 20, 1949,
who wish to train for executive
positions in fashion work.
The one-year course at the Tobe-
Coburn School emphasizes actual
contact with the industry through
lectures by fashion personalities,
visits to manufacturers, department
stores, fashion shows, museums, and
periodic working experience in
stores and other fashion organiza
tions.
Registration blanks may be ob
tained from Miss Doyle in the
Women's Counselling office. Regis
tration must be made before Jan.
31. 1949.
Three Fashion Fellowships cov
ering lull tuition for a one-year
course at the Tobe-Coburn School
for Fashion Careers, New York, will
be awarded in the annual nation
wide competition among college
seniors.
The fellowships, valued at $90U
each, are ottered to senior women
graduating before Aug. 20, 1949,
who wish to train for executive
positions in fashion work.
The one-year course at the Tobe-
Coburn School emphasizes actual
contact with the industry through
lectures by fashion personalities,
visits to manufacturers, department
stores, fashion shows, museums, and
periodic working experience in
stores and other fashion organiza
tions.
Registration blanks may be ob
tained from Miss Doyle in the
Women's Counselling office. Regis
tration must be made before Jan.
31. 1949.
Three Fashion Fellowships cov
ering lull tuition for a one-year
course at the Tobe-Coburn School
for Fashion Careers, New York, will
be awarded in the annual nation
wide competition among college
seniors.
The fellowships, valued at $90U
each, are ottered to senior women
graduating before Aug. 20, 1949,
who wish to train for executive
positions in fashion work.
The one-year course at the Tobe-
Coburn School emphasizes actual
contact with the industry through
lectures by fashion personalities,
visits to manufacturers, department
stores, fashion shows, museums, and
periodic working experience in
stores and other fashion organiza
tions.
Registration blanks may be ob
tained from Miss Doyle in the
Women's Counselling office. Regis
tration must be made before Jan.
31. 1949.
