# Organists to Give Program at Farm
## 
### 
The American Guild of Organists,
now holding its national convention
in San Francisco, will present a se
ries of events at Stanford Memorial
Church Thursday.
The Rev. Robert Hayburn, assist
ant pastor. St. Paul's Church, San
Francisco, will give a lecture at
10:30 a.m. on '"Interpretation of
Gregorian Chant." At 11 a.m. David
Craighead of Pasadena will give a
recital, and at 1 p.m. Robert Noeh
ren of the University of Michigan
will play.
Craighead's program will include,
works by Vaughn Williams, Mozart.
Simonds, Bach, Leach. Urner, and j
Willan.
Selections from Saint - Saens.
Reubke, Roger-Ducasse, and Reger
will be presented by Noehren.
There will be no organ recital at
4:15 this Thursday. The regular re
citals will be resumed on Thursday.
July 10. All events in the Memo
rial Church are open to the public.
