# UNDER THE WEATHER
## 
### 
Palo Alto Hospital—lrving Mar?::.
Isolation Hospital—Dunstan Cur
tis.
Palo Alto Hospital—lrving Mar?::.
Isolation Hospital—Dunstan Cur
tis.
Palo Alto Hospital—lrving Mar?::.
Isolation Hospital—Dunstan Cur
tis.
Palo Alto Hospital—lrving Mar?::.
Isolation Hospital—Dunstan Cur
tis.
Palo Alto Hospital—lrving Mar?::.
Isolation Hospital—Dunstan Cur
tis.
Palo Alto Hospital—lrving Mar?::.
Isolation Hospital—Dunstan Cur
tis.
Palo Alto Hospital—lrving Mar?::.
Isolation Hospital—Dunstan Cur
tis.
Palo Alto Hospital—lrving Mar?::.
Isolation Hospital—Dunstan Cur
tis.
Palo Alto Hospital—lrving Mar?::.
Isolation Hospital—Dunstan Cur
tis.
Palo Alto Hospital—lrving Mar?::.
Isolation Hospital—Dunstan Cur
tis.
Palo Alto Hospital—lrving Mar?::.
Isolation Hospital—Dunstan Cur
tis.
Palo Alto Hospital—lrving Mar?::.
Isolation Hospital—Dunstan Cur
tis.
Palo Alto Hospital—lrving Mar?::.
Isolation Hospital—Dunstan Cur
tis.
Palo Alto Hospital—lrving Mar?::.
Isolation Hospital—Dunstan Cur
tis.
Palo Alto Hospital—lrving Mar?::.
Isolation Hospital—Dunstan Cur
tis.
Palo Alto Hospital—lrving Mar?::.
Isolation Hospital—Dunstan Cur
tis.
