# NEW CONCESSION GRANTED.
## Senior Circus Is Growing Rapidly. Free Show To Be Especially Attractive This Year. 
### 
The committee in charge of the
Senior Circus is at present putting
most of its attention on the parade
and free show. At least four bands
will furnish music for the proces
sion.
In the free show inside, the two
cowboys who are engaged to do
broncho-busting have been reinforced
by three students, who are well able
to take part in this, performance.
The committee asks for two volun
teers to participate in the balloon
ascension. Those who have had
some experience in the profession
will be preferred. Members of the
Gymnasium Club will walk a tight
wire between the bleachers and also
form a troupe of tumbling clowns for
a free performance.
The Senior women will be in
charge of booths for the sale of con
fetti, dusters, squawkers, and simi
lar novelties, as well as pop-corn
and peanuts. It. has been decided
t-.t hold most of the large conces
sions in tents. This insures that
poor weather will not interfere with
t lie circus.
The committee in charge of the
Senior Circus is at present putting
most of its attention on the parade
and free show. At least four bands
will furnish music for the proces
sion.
In the free show inside, the two
cowboys who are engaged to do
broncho-busting have been reinforced
by three students, who are well able
to take part in this, performance.
The committee asks for two volun
teers to participate in the balloon
ascension. Those who have had
some experience in the profession
will be preferred. Members of the
Gymnasium Club will walk a tight
wire between the bleachers and also
form a troupe of tumbling clowns for
a free performance.
The Senior women will be in
charge of booths for the sale of con
fetti, dusters, squawkers, and simi
lar novelties, as well as pop-corn
and peanuts. It. has been decided
t-.t hold most of the large conces
sions in tents. This insures that
poor weather will not interfere with
t lie circus.
The committee in charge of the
Senior Circus is at present putting
most of its attention on the parade
and free show. At least four bands
will furnish music for the proces
sion.
In the free show inside, the two
cowboys who are engaged to do
broncho-busting have been reinforced
by three students, who are well able
to take part in this, performance.
The committee asks for two volun
teers to participate in the balloon
ascension. Those who have had
some experience in the profession
will be preferred. Members of the
Gymnasium Club will walk a tight
wire between the bleachers and also
form a troupe of tumbling clowns for
a free performance.
The Senior women will be in
charge of booths for the sale of con
fetti, dusters, squawkers, and simi
lar novelties, as well as pop-corn
and peanuts. It. has been decided
t-.t hold most of the large conces
sions in tents. This insures that
poor weather will not interfere with
t lie circus.
The committee in charge of the
Senior Circus is at present putting
most of its attention on the parade
and free show. At least four bands
will furnish music for the proces
sion.
In the free show inside, the two
cowboys who are engaged to do
broncho-busting have been reinforced
by three students, who are well able
to take part in this, performance.
The committee asks for two volun
teers to participate in the balloon
ascension. Those who have had
some experience in the profession
will be preferred. Members of the
Gymnasium Club will walk a tight
wire between the bleachers and also
form a troupe of tumbling clowns for
a free performance.
The Senior women will be in
charge of booths for the sale of con
fetti, dusters, squawkers, and simi
lar novelties, as well as pop-corn
and peanuts. It. has been decided
t-.t hold most of the large conces
sions in tents. This insures that
poor weather will not interfere with
t lie circus.
The committee in charge of the
Senior Circus is at present putting
most of its attention on the parade
and free show. At least four bands
will furnish music for the proces
sion.
In the free show inside, the two
cowboys who are engaged to do
broncho-busting have been reinforced
by three students, who are well able
to take part in this, performance.
The committee asks for two volun
teers to participate in the balloon
ascension. Those who have had
some experience in the profession
will be preferred. Members of the
Gymnasium Club will walk a tight
wire between the bleachers and also
form a troupe of tumbling clowns for
a free performance.
The Senior women will be in
charge of booths for the sale of con
fetti, dusters, squawkers, and simi
lar novelties, as well as pop-corn
and peanuts. It. has been decided
t-.t hold most of the large conces
sions in tents. This insures that
poor weather will not interfere with
t lie circus.
The committee in charge of the
Senior Circus is at present putting
most of its attention on the parade
and free show. At least four bands
will furnish music for the proces
sion.
In the free show inside, the two
cowboys who are engaged to do
broncho-busting have been reinforced
by three students, who are well able
to take part in this, performance.
The committee asks for two volun
teers to participate in the balloon
ascension. Those who have had
some experience in the profession
will be preferred. Members of the
Gymnasium Club will walk a tight
wire between the bleachers and also
form a troupe of tumbling clowns for
a free performance.
The Senior women will be in
charge of booths for the sale of con
fetti, dusters, squawkers, and simi
lar novelties, as well as pop-corn
and peanuts. It. has been decided
t-.t hold most of the large conces
sions in tents. This insures that
poor weather will not interfere with
t lie circus.
The committee in charge of the
Senior Circus is at present putting
most of its attention on the parade
and free show. At least four bands
will furnish music for the proces
sion.
In the free show inside, the two
cowboys who are engaged to do
broncho-busting have been reinforced
by three students, who are well able
to take part in this, performance.
The committee asks for two volun
teers to participate in the balloon
ascension. Those who have had
some experience in the profession
will be preferred. Members of the
Gymnasium Club will walk a tight
wire between the bleachers and also
form a troupe of tumbling clowns for
a free performance.
The Senior women will be in
charge of booths for the sale of con
fetti, dusters, squawkers, and simi
lar novelties, as well as pop-corn
and peanuts. It. has been decided
t-.t hold most of the large conces
sions in tents. This insures that
poor weather will not interfere with
t lie circus.
The committee in charge of the
Senior Circus is at present putting
most of its attention on the parade
and free show. At least four bands
will furnish music for the proces
sion.
In the free show inside, the two
cowboys who are engaged to do
broncho-busting have been reinforced
by three students, who are well able
to take part in this, performance.
The committee asks for two volun
teers to participate in the balloon
ascension. Those who have had
some experience in the profession
will be preferred. Members of the
Gymnasium Club will walk a tight
wire between the bleachers and also
form a troupe of tumbling clowns for
a free performance.
The Senior women will be in
charge of booths for the sale of con
fetti, dusters, squawkers, and simi
lar novelties, as well as pop-corn
and peanuts. It. has been decided
t-.t hold most of the large conces
sions in tents. This insures that
poor weather will not interfere with
t lie circus.
The committee in charge of the
Senior Circus is at present putting
most of its attention on the parade
and free show. At least four bands
will furnish music for the proces
sion.
In the free show inside, the two
cowboys who are engaged to do
broncho-busting have been reinforced
by three students, who are well able
to take part in this, performance.
The committee asks for two volun
teers to participate in the balloon
ascension. Those who have had
some experience in the profession
will be preferred. Members of the
Gymnasium Club will walk a tight
wire between the bleachers and also
form a troupe of tumbling clowns for
a free performance.
The Senior women will be in
charge of booths for the sale of con
fetti, dusters, squawkers, and simi
lar novelties, as well as pop-corn
and peanuts. It. has been decided
t-.t hold most of the large conces
sions in tents. This insures that
poor weather will not interfere with
t lie circus.
