# RUSSIAN CEREMONY OF MASS TO BE OBSERVED AT STANFORD SUNDAY
## 
### 
Archbishop Alexy of the Greek
Orthodox Church will celebrate Mass
according to the rite of the Russian
Church Sunday morning at the Me
morial Chapel. The Reverend Father
Sakovitch will assist the Archbishop
Alexy.
The music of the Mass will be sung
by the choir of Holy Trinity Cathe
dral of San Francisco. Russian
Church music, according to the Arch
bishop, has been the admiration of
visitors for years past, and many
have declared it to be the most mar
velous choral music known.
Warren D. Allen will present a num
ber of Russian compositions in the
organ recital Sunday afternoon at 4
o'clock. The program for the recital
follows:
Prelude in G Minor Rachmaninoff
Nocturne
At the Convent
Finale to Act I, "Prince Igor"
Borodin
Music of the Spheres Rubinstein
Berceause and Finale from "The
Bird of Fire" Stravinsky
