# Stanford Philologists Meet; Two Research Papers Read
## 
### 
Stanford University's Philological
Society held a meeting in the Wo
men's Clubhouse yesterday afternoon
at 4:15 o'clock. Papers were read by
Professor A. G. Kennedy on "Progress
in Teaching of Early English." and
by Dr. Ida Stauf on "Recherches Sur
Ne Redondant."
Stanford University's Philological
Society held a meeting in the Wo
men's Clubhouse yesterday afternoon
at 4:15 o'clock. Papers were read by
Professor A. G. Kennedy on "Progress
in Teaching of Early English." and
by Dr. Ida Stauf on "Recherches Sur
Ne Redondant."
Stanford University's Philological
Society held a meeting in the Wo
men's Clubhouse yesterday afternoon
at 4:15 o'clock. Papers were read by
Professor A. G. Kennedy on "Progress
in Teaching of Early English." and
by Dr. Ida Stauf on "Recherches Sur
Ne Redondant."
Stanford University's Philological
Society held a meeting in the Wo
men's Clubhouse yesterday afternoon
at 4:15 o'clock. Papers were read by
Professor A. G. Kennedy on "Progress
in Teaching of Early English." and
by Dr. Ida Stauf on "Recherches Sur
Ne Redondant."
Stanford University's Philological
Society held a meeting in the Wo
men's Clubhouse yesterday afternoon
at 4:15 o'clock. Papers were read by
Professor A. G. Kennedy on "Progress
in Teaching of Early English." and
by Dr. Ida Stauf on "Recherches Sur
Ne Redondant."
Stanford University's Philological
Society held a meeting in the Wo
men's Clubhouse yesterday afternoon
at 4:15 o'clock. Papers were read by
Professor A. G. Kennedy on "Progress
in Teaching of Early English." and
by Dr. Ida Stauf on "Recherches Sur
Ne Redondant."
Stanford University's Philological
Society held a meeting in the Wo
men's Clubhouse yesterday afternoon
at 4:15 o'clock. Papers were read by
Professor A. G. Kennedy on "Progress
in Teaching of Early English." and
by Dr. Ida Stauf on "Recherches Sur
Ne Redondant."
Stanford University's Philological
Society held a meeting in the Wo
men's Clubhouse yesterday afternoon
at 4:15 o'clock. Papers were read by
Professor A. G. Kennedy on "Progress
in Teaching of Early English." and
by Dr. Ida Stauf on "Recherches Sur
Ne Redondant."
Stanford University's Philological
Society held a meeting in the Wo
men's Clubhouse yesterday afternoon
at 4:15 o'clock. Papers were read by
Professor A. G. Kennedy on "Progress
in Teaching of Early English." and
by Dr. Ida Stauf on "Recherches Sur
Ne Redondant."
Stanford University's Philological
Society held a meeting in the Wo
men's Clubhouse yesterday afternoon
at 4:15 o'clock. Papers were read by
Professor A. G. Kennedy on "Progress
in Teaching of Early English." and
by Dr. Ida Stauf on "Recherches Sur
Ne Redondant."
Stanford University's Philological
Society held a meeting in the Wo
men's Clubhouse yesterday afternoon
at 4:15 o'clock. Papers were read by
Professor A. G. Kennedy on "Progress
in Teaching of Early English." and
by Dr. Ida Stauf on "Recherches Sur
Ne Redondant."
Stanford University's Philological
Society held a meeting in the Wo
men's Clubhouse yesterday afternoon
at 4:15 o'clock. Papers were read by
Professor A. G. Kennedy on "Progress
in Teaching of Early English." and
by Dr. Ida Stauf on "Recherches Sur
Ne Redondant."
Stanford University's Philological
Society held a meeting in the Wo
men's Clubhouse yesterday afternoon
at 4:15 o'clock. Papers were read by
Professor A. G. Kennedy on "Progress
in Teaching of Early English." and
by Dr. Ida Stauf on "Recherches Sur
Ne Redondant."
Stanford University's Philological
Society held a meeting in the Wo
men's Clubhouse yesterday afternoon
at 4:15 o'clock. Papers were read by
Professor A. G. Kennedy on "Progress
in Teaching of Early English." and
by Dr. Ida Stauf on "Recherches Sur
Ne Redondant."
Stanford University's Philological
Society held a meeting in the Wo
men's Clubhouse yesterday afternoon
at 4:15 o'clock. Papers were read by
Professor A. G. Kennedy on "Progress
in Teaching of Early English." and
by Dr. Ida Stauf on "Recherches Sur
Ne Redondant."
Stanford University's Philological
Society held a meeting in the Wo
men's Clubhouse yesterday afternoon
at 4:15 o'clock. Papers were read by
Professor A. G. Kennedy on "Progress
in Teaching of Early English." and
by Dr. Ida Stauf on "Recherches Sur
Ne Redondant."
