# HIGH SCHOOL TEAMS WILL HOLD MEET IN STADIUM TOMORROW
## 
### 
Track athletes from twenty-one
Northern California high schools will
compete in a track and field meet in
the Stanford Stadium tomorrow for
the 1928 N.C.S. championships.
Stanford men hold five of the pres
ent records for the annual meet.
"Swede" Leistner holds the 120-yard
high hurdle and the 220 low hurdle
marks of 15.8 seconds, and 25.6 sec
onds, respectively. Herb Fleishhacker
established a 12-pound shot record
with a put of 49 feet 4 5-8 inches.
Walt Hulsman holds the vaulting
record with a mark of 12 feet 4 3-8
inches, while Eddie Sudden's 220-yard
record of 22 seconds still stands.
The schools competing Saturday
are as follows: Alameda, Antioch,
Berkeley, Burlingame, Campbell, Cen
terville, Concord, Gilroy, Hayward,
Healdsburg, King City, Monterey,
Petaluma, Martinez, Piedmont, Pitts
burg, San Jose, Santa Cruz, and
Tamalpais.
