# TENNIS TOURNAMENT OF W.A.A. TO START WITHIN TWO WEEKS
## 
### 
Ruth Silliman, women's tennis
manager, announced yesterday that
the annual spring tennis tournament
would commence within the next two
weeks. Lists are now posted on the
W.A.A. board on which entries to the
tournament should be made immedi
ately.
All girls registered for tennis are
eligible as entrants, which gives be
ginners and intermediate students, as
well as those in the advanced and
competitive classes, opportunity for
participating. Ruth Silliman urged
the girls to enter the tournament re
gardless of inexperience, for the train
ing to be gained.
Play-offs will be scheduled within
the different classes, thus making
eliminations as fair as possible. Ths
tournament will proceed through the
semi-finals, so that only the eight
finalists will remain on the Annual
Field Day, to be held May 30. Their
matches will be run off at this time,
and the championship of the school
decided.
Training regulations go in force for
all prospective competitors beginning
today.
Ruth Silliman, women's tennis
manager, announced yesterday that
the annual spring tennis tournament
would commence within the next two
weeks. Lists are now posted on the
W.A.A. board on which entries to the
tournament should be made immedi
ately.
All girls registered for tennis are
eligible as entrants, which gives be
ginners and intermediate students, as
well as those in the advanced and
competitive classes, opportunity for
participating. Ruth Silliman urged
the girls to enter the tournament re
gardless of inexperience, for the train
ing to be gained.
Play-offs will be scheduled within
the different classes, thus making
eliminations as fair as possible. Ths
tournament will proceed through the
semi-finals, so that only the eight
finalists will remain on the Annual
Field Day, to be held May 30. Their
matches will be run off at this time,
and the championship of the school
decided.
Training regulations go in force for
all prospective competitors beginning
today.
Ruth Silliman, women's tennis
manager, announced yesterday that
the annual spring tennis tournament
would commence within the next two
weeks. Lists are now posted on the
W.A.A. board on which entries to the
tournament should be made immedi
ately.
All girls registered for tennis are
eligible as entrants, which gives be
ginners and intermediate students, as
well as those in the advanced and
competitive classes, opportunity for
participating. Ruth Silliman urged
the girls to enter the tournament re
gardless of inexperience, for the train
ing to be gained.
Play-offs will be scheduled within
the different classes, thus making
eliminations as fair as possible. Ths
tournament will proceed through the
semi-finals, so that only the eight
finalists will remain on the Annual
Field Day, to be held May 30. Their
matches will be run off at this time,
and the championship of the school
decided.
Training regulations go in force for
all prospective competitors beginning
today.
Ruth Silliman, women's tennis
manager, announced yesterday that
the annual spring tennis tournament
would commence within the next two
weeks. Lists are now posted on the
W.A.A. board on which entries to the
tournament should be made immedi
ately.
All girls registered for tennis are
eligible as entrants, which gives be
ginners and intermediate students, as
well as those in the advanced and
competitive classes, opportunity for
participating. Ruth Silliman urged
the girls to enter the tournament re
gardless of inexperience, for the train
ing to be gained.
Play-offs will be scheduled within
the different classes, thus making
eliminations as fair as possible. Ths
tournament will proceed through the
semi-finals, so that only the eight
finalists will remain on the Annual
Field Day, to be held May 30. Their
matches will be run off at this time,
and the championship of the school
decided.
Training regulations go in force for
all prospective competitors beginning
today.
Ruth Silliman, women's tennis
manager, announced yesterday that
the annual spring tennis tournament
would commence within the next two
weeks. Lists are now posted on the
W.A.A. board on which entries to the
tournament should be made immedi
ately.
All girls registered for tennis are
eligible as entrants, which gives be
ginners and intermediate students, as
well as those in the advanced and
competitive classes, opportunity for
participating. Ruth Silliman urged
the girls to enter the tournament re
gardless of inexperience, for the train
ing to be gained.
Play-offs will be scheduled within
the different classes, thus making
eliminations as fair as possible. Ths
tournament will proceed through the
semi-finals, so that only the eight
finalists will remain on the Annual
Field Day, to be held May 30. Their
matches will be run off at this time,
and the championship of the school
decided.
Training regulations go in force for
all prospective competitors beginning
today.
Ruth Silliman, women's tennis
manager, announced yesterday that
the annual spring tennis tournament
would commence within the next two
weeks. Lists are now posted on the
W.A.A. board on which entries to the
tournament should be made immedi
ately.
All girls registered for tennis are
eligible as entrants, which gives be
ginners and intermediate students, as
well as those in the advanced and
competitive classes, opportunity for
participating. Ruth Silliman urged
the girls to enter the tournament re
gardless of inexperience, for the train
ing to be gained.
Play-offs will be scheduled within
the different classes, thus making
eliminations as fair as possible. Ths
tournament will proceed through the
semi-finals, so that only the eight
finalists will remain on the Annual
Field Day, to be held May 30. Their
matches will be run off at this time,
and the championship of the school
decided.
Training regulations go in force for
all prospective competitors beginning
today.
Ruth Silliman, women's tennis
manager, announced yesterday that
the annual spring tennis tournament
would commence within the next two
weeks. Lists are now posted on the
W.A.A. board on which entries to the
tournament should be made immedi
ately.
All girls registered for tennis are
eligible as entrants, which gives be
ginners and intermediate students, as
well as those in the advanced and
competitive classes, opportunity for
participating. Ruth Silliman urged
the girls to enter the tournament re
gardless of inexperience, for the train
ing to be gained.
Play-offs will be scheduled within
the different classes, thus making
eliminations as fair as possible. Ths
tournament will proceed through the
semi-finals, so that only the eight
finalists will remain on the Annual
Field Day, to be held May 30. Their
matches will be run off at this time,
and the championship of the school
decided.
Training regulations go in force for
all prospective competitors beginning
today.
Ruth Silliman, women's tennis
manager, announced yesterday that
the annual spring tennis tournament
would commence within the next two
weeks. Lists are now posted on the
W.A.A. board on which entries to the
tournament should be made immedi
ately.
All girls registered for tennis are
eligible as entrants, which gives be
ginners and intermediate students, as
well as those in the advanced and
competitive classes, opportunity for
participating. Ruth Silliman urged
the girls to enter the tournament re
gardless of inexperience, for the train
ing to be gained.
Play-offs will be scheduled within
the different classes, thus making
eliminations as fair as possible. Ths
tournament will proceed through the
semi-finals, so that only the eight
finalists will remain on the Annual
Field Day, to be held May 30. Their
matches will be run off at this time,
and the championship of the school
decided.
Training regulations go in force for
all prospective competitors beginning
today.
Ruth Silliman, women's tennis
manager, announced yesterday that
the annual spring tennis tournament
would commence within the next two
weeks. Lists are now posted on the
W.A.A. board on which entries to the
tournament should be made immedi
ately.
All girls registered for tennis are
eligible as entrants, which gives be
ginners and intermediate students, as
well as those in the advanced and
competitive classes, opportunity for
participating. Ruth Silliman urged
the girls to enter the tournament re
gardless of inexperience, for the train
ing to be gained.
Play-offs will be scheduled within
the different classes, thus making
eliminations as fair as possible. Ths
tournament will proceed through the
semi-finals, so that only the eight
finalists will remain on the Annual
Field Day, to be held May 30. Their
matches will be run off at this time,
and the championship of the school
decided.
Training regulations go in force for
all prospective competitors beginning
today.
Ruth Silliman, women's tennis
manager, announced yesterday that
the annual spring tennis tournament
would commence within the next two
weeks. Lists are now posted on the
W.A.A. board on which entries to the
tournament should be made immedi
ately.
All girls registered for tennis are
eligible as entrants, which gives be
ginners and intermediate students, as
well as those in the advanced and
competitive classes, opportunity for
participating. Ruth Silliman urged
the girls to enter the tournament re
gardless of inexperience, for the train
ing to be gained.
Play-offs will be scheduled within
the different classes, thus making
eliminations as fair as possible. Ths
tournament will proceed through the
semi-finals, so that only the eight
finalists will remain on the Annual
Field Day, to be held May 30. Their
matches will be run off at this time,
and the championship of the school
decided.
Training regulations go in force for
all prospective competitors beginning
today.
Ruth Silliman, women's tennis
manager, announced yesterday that
the annual spring tennis tournament
would commence within the next two
weeks. Lists are now posted on the
W.A.A. board on which entries to the
tournament should be made immedi
ately.
All girls registered for tennis are
eligible as entrants, which gives be
ginners and intermediate students, as
well as those in the advanced and
competitive classes, opportunity for
participating. Ruth Silliman urged
the girls to enter the tournament re
gardless of inexperience, for the train
ing to be gained.
Play-offs will be scheduled within
the different classes, thus making
eliminations as fair as possible. Ths
tournament will proceed through the
semi-finals, so that only the eight
finalists will remain on the Annual
Field Day, to be held May 30. Their
matches will be run off at this time,
and the championship of the school
decided.
Training regulations go in force for
all prospective competitors beginning
today.
Ruth Silliman, women's tennis
manager, announced yesterday that
the annual spring tennis tournament
would commence within the next two
weeks. Lists are now posted on the
W.A.A. board on which entries to the
tournament should be made immedi
ately.
All girls registered for tennis are
eligible as entrants, which gives be
ginners and intermediate students, as
well as those in the advanced and
competitive classes, opportunity for
participating. Ruth Silliman urged
the girls to enter the tournament re
gardless of inexperience, for the train
ing to be gained.
Play-offs will be scheduled within
the different classes, thus making
eliminations as fair as possible. Ths
tournament will proceed through the
semi-finals, so that only the eight
finalists will remain on the Annual
Field Day, to be held May 30. Their
matches will be run off at this time,
and the championship of the school
decided.
Training regulations go in force for
all prospective competitors beginning
today.
Ruth Silliman, women's tennis
manager, announced yesterday that
the annual spring tennis tournament
would commence within the next two
weeks. Lists are now posted on the
W.A.A. board on which entries to the
tournament should be made immedi
ately.
All girls registered for tennis are
eligible as entrants, which gives be
ginners and intermediate students, as
well as those in the advanced and
competitive classes, opportunity for
participating. Ruth Silliman urged
the girls to enter the tournament re
gardless of inexperience, for the train
ing to be gained.
Play-offs will be scheduled within
the different classes, thus making
eliminations as fair as possible. Ths
tournament will proceed through the
semi-finals, so that only the eight
finalists will remain on the Annual
Field Day, to be held May 30. Their
matches will be run off at this time,
and the championship of the school
decided.
Training regulations go in force for
all prospective competitors beginning
today.
Ruth Silliman, women's tennis
manager, announced yesterday that
the annual spring tennis tournament
would commence within the next two
weeks. Lists are now posted on the
W.A.A. board on which entries to the
tournament should be made immedi
ately.
All girls registered for tennis are
eligible as entrants, which gives be
ginners and intermediate students, as
well as those in the advanced and
competitive classes, opportunity for
participating. Ruth Silliman urged
the girls to enter the tournament re
gardless of inexperience, for the train
ing to be gained.
Play-offs will be scheduled within
the different classes, thus making
eliminations as fair as possible. Ths
tournament will proceed through the
semi-finals, so that only the eight
finalists will remain on the Annual
Field Day, to be held May 30. Their
matches will be run off at this time,
and the championship of the school
decided.
Training regulations go in force for
all prospective competitors beginning
today.
Ruth Silliman, women's tennis
manager, announced yesterday that
the annual spring tennis tournament
would commence within the next two
weeks. Lists are now posted on the
W.A.A. board on which entries to the
tournament should be made immedi
ately.
All girls registered for tennis are
eligible as entrants, which gives be
ginners and intermediate students, as
well as those in the advanced and
competitive classes, opportunity for
participating. Ruth Silliman urged
the girls to enter the tournament re
gardless of inexperience, for the train
ing to be gained.
Play-offs will be scheduled within
the different classes, thus making
eliminations as fair as possible. Ths
tournament will proceed through the
semi-finals, so that only the eight
finalists will remain on the Annual
Field Day, to be held May 30. Their
matches will be run off at this time,
and the championship of the school
decided.
Training regulations go in force for
all prospective competitors beginning
today.
Ruth Silliman, women's tennis
manager, announced yesterday that
the annual spring tennis tournament
would commence within the next two
weeks. Lists are now posted on the
W.A.A. board on which entries to the
tournament should be made immedi
ately.
All girls registered for tennis are
eligible as entrants, which gives be
ginners and intermediate students, as
well as those in the advanced and
competitive classes, opportunity for
participating. Ruth Silliman urged
the girls to enter the tournament re
gardless of inexperience, for the train
ing to be gained.
Play-offs will be scheduled within
the different classes, thus making
eliminations as fair as possible. Ths
tournament will proceed through the
semi-finals, so that only the eight
finalists will remain on the Annual
Field Day, to be held May 30. Their
matches will be run off at this time,
and the championship of the school
decided.
Training regulations go in force for
all prospective competitors beginning
today.
