# Works of Famous Etchers On Exhibition Here Today
## 
### 
Works of several internationally
known etchers will be on sale exhibit
today at 4 o'clock in Rooms 310 and
314. This sale, which includes the
etchings and blockprints of lArxnin
Hansen, Thomas Handforth, Lee
Sturges, Kazau Matsubara, Howard
Simon, Franz Geritz, Cortes Stanford,
and Ralph Fletcher Seymour, will be
held by the Graphic Art department
and is not at all connected with the
Art Gallery.
Works of several internationally
known etchers will be on sale exhibit
today at 4 o'clock in Rooms 310 and
314. This sale, which includes the
etchings and blockprints of lArxnin
Hansen, Thomas Handforth, Lee
Sturges, Kazau Matsubara, Howard
Simon, Franz Geritz, Cortes Stanford,
and Ralph Fletcher Seymour, will be
held by the Graphic Art department
and is not at all connected with the
Art Gallery.
Works of several internationally
known etchers will be on sale exhibit
today at 4 o'clock in Rooms 310 and
314. This sale, which includes the
etchings and blockprints of lArxnin
Hansen, Thomas Handforth, Lee
Sturges, Kazau Matsubara, Howard
Simon, Franz Geritz, Cortes Stanford,
and Ralph Fletcher Seymour, will be
held by the Graphic Art department
and is not at all connected with the
Art Gallery.
Works of several internationally
known etchers will be on sale exhibit
today at 4 o'clock in Rooms 310 and
314. This sale, which includes the
etchings and blockprints of lArxnin
Hansen, Thomas Handforth, Lee
Sturges, Kazau Matsubara, Howard
Simon, Franz Geritz, Cortes Stanford,
and Ralph Fletcher Seymour, will be
held by the Graphic Art department
and is not at all connected with the
Art Gallery.
Works of several internationally
known etchers will be on sale exhibit
today at 4 o'clock in Rooms 310 and
314. This sale, which includes the
etchings and blockprints of lArxnin
Hansen, Thomas Handforth, Lee
Sturges, Kazau Matsubara, Howard
Simon, Franz Geritz, Cortes Stanford,
and Ralph Fletcher Seymour, will be
held by the Graphic Art department
and is not at all connected with the
Art Gallery.
Works of several internationally
known etchers will be on sale exhibit
today at 4 o'clock in Rooms 310 and
314. This sale, which includes the
etchings and blockprints of lArxnin
Hansen, Thomas Handforth, Lee
Sturges, Kazau Matsubara, Howard
Simon, Franz Geritz, Cortes Stanford,
and Ralph Fletcher Seymour, will be
held by the Graphic Art department
and is not at all connected with the
Art Gallery.
Works of several internationally
known etchers will be on sale exhibit
today at 4 o'clock in Rooms 310 and
314. This sale, which includes the
etchings and blockprints of lArxnin
Hansen, Thomas Handforth, Lee
Sturges, Kazau Matsubara, Howard
Simon, Franz Geritz, Cortes Stanford,
and Ralph Fletcher Seymour, will be
held by the Graphic Art department
and is not at all connected with the
Art Gallery.
Works of several internationally
known etchers will be on sale exhibit
today at 4 o'clock in Rooms 310 and
314. This sale, which includes the
etchings and blockprints of lArxnin
Hansen, Thomas Handforth, Lee
Sturges, Kazau Matsubara, Howard
Simon, Franz Geritz, Cortes Stanford,
and Ralph Fletcher Seymour, will be
held by the Graphic Art department
and is not at all connected with the
Art Gallery.
Works of several internationally
known etchers will be on sale exhibit
today at 4 o'clock in Rooms 310 and
314. This sale, which includes the
etchings and blockprints of lArxnin
Hansen, Thomas Handforth, Lee
Sturges, Kazau Matsubara, Howard
Simon, Franz Geritz, Cortes Stanford,
and Ralph Fletcher Seymour, will be
held by the Graphic Art department
and is not at all connected with the
Art Gallery.
Works of several internationally
known etchers will be on sale exhibit
today at 4 o'clock in Rooms 310 and
314. This sale, which includes the
etchings and blockprints of lArxnin
Hansen, Thomas Handforth, Lee
Sturges, Kazau Matsubara, Howard
Simon, Franz Geritz, Cortes Stanford,
and Ralph Fletcher Seymour, will be
held by the Graphic Art department
and is not at all connected with the
Art Gallery.
Works of several internationally
known etchers will be on sale exhibit
today at 4 o'clock in Rooms 310 and
314. This sale, which includes the
etchings and blockprints of lArxnin
Hansen, Thomas Handforth, Lee
Sturges, Kazau Matsubara, Howard
Simon, Franz Geritz, Cortes Stanford,
and Ralph Fletcher Seymour, will be
held by the Graphic Art department
and is not at all connected with the
Art Gallery.
Works of several internationally
known etchers will be on sale exhibit
today at 4 o'clock in Rooms 310 and
314. This sale, which includes the
etchings and blockprints of lArxnin
Hansen, Thomas Handforth, Lee
Sturges, Kazau Matsubara, Howard
Simon, Franz Geritz, Cortes Stanford,
and Ralph Fletcher Seymour, will be
held by the Graphic Art department
and is not at all connected with the
Art Gallery.
Works of several internationally
known etchers will be on sale exhibit
today at 4 o'clock in Rooms 310 and
314. This sale, which includes the
etchings and blockprints of lArxnin
Hansen, Thomas Handforth, Lee
Sturges, Kazau Matsubara, Howard
Simon, Franz Geritz, Cortes Stanford,
and Ralph Fletcher Seymour, will be
held by the Graphic Art department
and is not at all connected with the
Art Gallery.
Works of several internationally
known etchers will be on sale exhibit
today at 4 o'clock in Rooms 310 and
314. This sale, which includes the
etchings and blockprints of lArxnin
Hansen, Thomas Handforth, Lee
Sturges, Kazau Matsubara, Howard
Simon, Franz Geritz, Cortes Stanford,
and Ralph Fletcher Seymour, will be
held by the Graphic Art department
and is not at all connected with the
Art Gallery.
Works of several internationally
known etchers will be on sale exhibit
today at 4 o'clock in Rooms 310 and
314. This sale, which includes the
etchings and blockprints of lArxnin
Hansen, Thomas Handforth, Lee
Sturges, Kazau Matsubara, Howard
Simon, Franz Geritz, Cortes Stanford,
and Ralph Fletcher Seymour, will be
held by the Graphic Art department
and is not at all connected with the
Art Gallery.
Works of several internationally
known etchers will be on sale exhibit
today at 4 o'clock in Rooms 310 and
314. This sale, which includes the
etchings and blockprints of lArxnin
Hansen, Thomas Handforth, Lee
Sturges, Kazau Matsubara, Howard
Simon, Franz Geritz, Cortes Stanford,
and Ralph Fletcher Seymour, will be
held by the Graphic Art department
and is not at all connected with the
Art Gallery.
