# 75 Tickets Left For Janis Concert
## 
### 
Seventy-five remaining tickets
for the Byron Janis concert will
go on sale today at 1 p.m. in Ihe
Nitery.
Pianist Janis, who is making his
12th tour of the United States,
will appear in Memorial Auditor
ium Monday, Nov. 30, at 8:15
p.m. At the age of 9, he made his
professional debut and at 15, was
a soloist with the NBC Symphony.
Janis was a pupil of Vladimir
Horowitz before he made his first
appearance in Carnegie Hall.
Seventy-five remaining tickets
for the Byron Janis concert will
go on sale today at 1 p.m. in Ihe
Nitery.
Pianist Janis, who is making his
12th tour of the United States,
will appear in Memorial Auditor
ium Monday, Nov. 30, at 8:15
p.m. At the age of 9, he made his
professional debut and at 15, was
a soloist with the NBC Symphony.
Janis was a pupil of Vladimir
Horowitz before he made his first
appearance in Carnegie Hall.
Seventy-five remaining tickets
for the Byron Janis concert will
go on sale today at 1 p.m. in Ihe
Nitery.
Pianist Janis, who is making his
12th tour of the United States,
will appear in Memorial Auditor
ium Monday, Nov. 30, at 8:15
p.m. At the age of 9, he made his
professional debut and at 15, was
a soloist with the NBC Symphony.
Janis was a pupil of Vladimir
Horowitz before he made his first
appearance in Carnegie Hall.
Seventy-five remaining tickets
for the Byron Janis concert will
go on sale today at 1 p.m. in Ihe
Nitery.
Pianist Janis, who is making his
12th tour of the United States,
will appear in Memorial Auditor
ium Monday, Nov. 30, at 8:15
p.m. At the age of 9, he made his
professional debut and at 15, was
a soloist with the NBC Symphony.
Janis was a pupil of Vladimir
Horowitz before he made his first
appearance in Carnegie Hall.
Seventy-five remaining tickets
for the Byron Janis concert will
go on sale today at 1 p.m. in Ihe
Nitery.
Pianist Janis, who is making his
12th tour of the United States,
will appear in Memorial Auditor
ium Monday, Nov. 30, at 8:15
p.m. At the age of 9, he made his
professional debut and at 15, was
a soloist with the NBC Symphony.
Janis was a pupil of Vladimir
Horowitz before he made his first
appearance in Carnegie Hall.
Seventy-five remaining tickets
for the Byron Janis concert will
go on sale today at 1 p.m. in Ihe
Nitery.
Pianist Janis, who is making his
12th tour of the United States,
will appear in Memorial Auditor
ium Monday, Nov. 30, at 8:15
p.m. At the age of 9, he made his
professional debut and at 15, was
a soloist with the NBC Symphony.
Janis was a pupil of Vladimir
Horowitz before he made his first
appearance in Carnegie Hall.
Seventy-five remaining tickets
for the Byron Janis concert will
go on sale today at 1 p.m. in Ihe
Nitery.
Pianist Janis, who is making his
12th tour of the United States,
will appear in Memorial Auditor
ium Monday, Nov. 30, at 8:15
p.m. At the age of 9, he made his
professional debut and at 15, was
a soloist with the NBC Symphony.
Janis was a pupil of Vladimir
Horowitz before he made his first
appearance in Carnegie Hall.
Seventy-five remaining tickets
for the Byron Janis concert will
go on sale today at 1 p.m. in Ihe
Nitery.
Pianist Janis, who is making his
12th tour of the United States,
will appear in Memorial Auditor
ium Monday, Nov. 30, at 8:15
p.m. At the age of 9, he made his
professional debut and at 15, was
a soloist with the NBC Symphony.
Janis was a pupil of Vladimir
Horowitz before he made his first
appearance in Carnegie Hall.
Seventy-five remaining tickets
for the Byron Janis concert will
go on sale today at 1 p.m. in Ihe
Nitery.
Pianist Janis, who is making his
12th tour of the United States,
will appear in Memorial Auditor
ium Monday, Nov. 30, at 8:15
p.m. At the age of 9, he made his
professional debut and at 15, was
a soloist with the NBC Symphony.
Janis was a pupil of Vladimir
Horowitz before he made his first
appearance in Carnegie Hall.
Seventy-five remaining tickets
for the Byron Janis concert will
go on sale today at 1 p.m. in Ihe
Nitery.
Pianist Janis, who is making his
12th tour of the United States,
will appear in Memorial Auditor
ium Monday, Nov. 30, at 8:15
p.m. At the age of 9, he made his
professional debut and at 15, was
a soloist with the NBC Symphony.
Janis was a pupil of Vladimir
Horowitz before he made his first
appearance in Carnegie Hall.
Seventy-five remaining tickets
for the Byron Janis concert will
go on sale today at 1 p.m. in Ihe
Nitery.
Pianist Janis, who is making his
12th tour of the United States,
will appear in Memorial Auditor
ium Monday, Nov. 30, at 8:15
p.m. At the age of 9, he made his
professional debut and at 15, was
a soloist with the NBC Symphony.
Janis was a pupil of Vladimir
Horowitz before he made his first
appearance in Carnegie Hall.
Seventy-five remaining tickets
for the Byron Janis concert will
go on sale today at 1 p.m. in Ihe
Nitery.
Pianist Janis, who is making his
12th tour of the United States,
will appear in Memorial Auditor
ium Monday, Nov. 30, at 8:15
p.m. At the age of 9, he made his
professional debut and at 15, was
a soloist with the NBC Symphony.
Janis was a pupil of Vladimir
Horowitz before he made his first
appearance in Carnegie Hall.
Seventy-five remaining tickets
for the Byron Janis concert will
go on sale today at 1 p.m. in Ihe
Nitery.
Pianist Janis, who is making his
12th tour of the United States,
will appear in Memorial Auditor
ium Monday, Nov. 30, at 8:15
p.m. At the age of 9, he made his
professional debut and at 15, was
a soloist with the NBC Symphony.
Janis was a pupil of Vladimir
Horowitz before he made his first
appearance in Carnegie Hall.
Seventy-five remaining tickets
for the Byron Janis concert will
go on sale today at 1 p.m. in Ihe
Nitery.
Pianist Janis, who is making his
12th tour of the United States,
will appear in Memorial Auditor
ium Monday, Nov. 30, at 8:15
p.m. At the age of 9, he made his
professional debut and at 15, was
a soloist with the NBC Symphony.
Janis was a pupil of Vladimir
Horowitz before he made his first
appearance in Carnegie Hall.
Seventy-five remaining tickets
for the Byron Janis concert will
go on sale today at 1 p.m. in Ihe
Nitery.
Pianist Janis, who is making his
12th tour of the United States,
will appear in Memorial Auditor
ium Monday, Nov. 30, at 8:15
p.m. At the age of 9, he made his
professional debut and at 15, was
a soloist with the NBC Symphony.
Janis was a pupil of Vladimir
Horowitz before he made his first
appearance in Carnegie Hall.
Seventy-five remaining tickets
for the Byron Janis concert will
go on sale today at 1 p.m. in Ihe
Nitery.
Pianist Janis, who is making his
12th tour of the United States,
will appear in Memorial Auditor
ium Monday, Nov. 30, at 8:15
p.m. At the age of 9, he made his
professional debut and at 15, was
a soloist with the NBC Symphony.
Janis was a pupil of Vladimir
Horowitz before he made his first
appearance in Carnegie Hall.
Seventy-five remaining tickets
for the Byron Janis concert will
go on sale today at 1 p.m. in Ihe
Nitery.
Pianist Janis, who is making his
12th tour of the United States,
will appear in Memorial Auditor
ium Monday, Nov. 30, at 8:15
p.m. At the age of 9, he made his
professional debut and at 15, was
a soloist with the NBC Symphony.
Janis was a pupil of Vladimir
Horowitz before he made his first
appearance in Carnegie Hall.
Seventy-five remaining tickets
for the Byron Janis concert will
go on sale today at 1 p.m. in Ihe
Nitery.
Pianist Janis, who is making his
12th tour of the United States,
will appear in Memorial Auditor
ium Monday, Nov. 30, at 8:15
p.m. At the age of 9, he made his
professional debut and at 15, was
a soloist with the NBC Symphony.
Janis was a pupil of Vladimir
Horowitz before he made his first
appearance in Carnegie Hall.
