# Untitled Article
## 
### 

PLANS ARE already well under
way for the Sophomore Cotillion,
to be held at The Village in San
Francisco on Friday night, Jan.
19. Two bands will play at the
9-to-1 affair, which will cost
$3.75 per couple for members of
the class of '64, and $4.50 for un
lucky squares. Transportation to
and from the dance may be had
through a charter bus service, at
$2.45 per couple.

PLANS ARE already well under
way for the Sophomore Cotillion,
to be held at The Village in San
Francisco on Friday night, Jan.
19. Two bands will play at the
9-to-1 affair, which will cost
$3.75 per couple for members of
the class of '64, and $4.50 for un
lucky squares. Transportation to
and from the dance may be had
through a charter bus service, at
$2.45 per couple.

PLANS ARE already well under
way for the Sophomore Cotillion,
to be held at The Village in San
Francisco on Friday night, Jan.
19. Two bands will play at the
9-to-1 affair, which will cost
$3.75 per couple for members of
the class of '64, and $4.50 for un
lucky squares. Transportation to
and from the dance may be had
through a charter bus service, at
$2.45 per couple.

PLANS ARE already well under
way for the Sophomore Cotillion,
to be held at The Village in San
Francisco on Friday night, Jan.
19. Two bands will play at the
9-to-1 affair, which will cost
$3.75 per couple for members of
the class of '64, and $4.50 for un
lucky squares. Transportation to
and from the dance may be had
through a charter bus service, at
$2.45 per couple.

PLANS ARE already well under
way for the Sophomore Cotillion,
to be held at The Village in San
Francisco on Friday night, Jan.
19. Two bands will play at the
9-to-1 affair, which will cost
$3.75 per couple for members of
the class of '64, and $4.50 for un
lucky squares. Transportation to
and from the dance may be had
through a charter bus service, at
$2.45 per couple.

PLANS ARE already well under
way for the Sophomore Cotillion,
to be held at The Village in San
Francisco on Friday night, Jan.
19. Two bands will play at the
9-to-1 affair, which will cost
$3.75 per couple for members of
the class of '64, and $4.50 for un
lucky squares. Transportation to
and from the dance may be had
through a charter bus service, at
$2.45 per couple.

PLANS ARE already well under
way for the Sophomore Cotillion,
to be held at The Village in San
Francisco on Friday night, Jan.
19. Two bands will play at the
9-to-1 affair, which will cost
$3.75 per couple for members of
the class of '64, and $4.50 for un
lucky squares. Transportation to
and from the dance may be had
through a charter bus service, at
$2.45 per couple.

PLANS ARE already well under
way for the Sophomore Cotillion,
to be held at The Village in San
Francisco on Friday night, Jan.
19. Two bands will play at the
9-to-1 affair, which will cost
$3.75 per couple for members of
the class of '64, and $4.50 for un
lucky squares. Transportation to
and from the dance may be had
through a charter bus service, at
$2.45 per couple.

PLANS ARE already well under
way for the Sophomore Cotillion,
to be held at The Village in San
Francisco on Friday night, Jan.
19. Two bands will play at the
9-to-1 affair, which will cost
$3.75 per couple for members of
the class of '64, and $4.50 for un
lucky squares. Transportation to
and from the dance may be had
through a charter bus service, at
$2.45 per couple.

PLANS ARE already well under
way for the Sophomore Cotillion,
to be held at The Village in San
Francisco on Friday night, Jan.
19. Two bands will play at the
9-to-1 affair, which will cost
$3.75 per couple for members of
the class of '64, and $4.50 for un
lucky squares. Transportation to
and from the dance may be had
through a charter bus service, at
$2.45 per couple.

PLANS ARE already well under
way for the Sophomore Cotillion,
to be held at The Village in San
Francisco on Friday night, Jan.
19. Two bands will play at the
9-to-1 affair, which will cost
$3.75 per couple for members of
the class of '64, and $4.50 for un
lucky squares. Transportation to
and from the dance may be had
through a charter bus service, at
$2.45 per couple.

PLANS ARE already well under
way for the Sophomore Cotillion,
to be held at The Village in San
Francisco on Friday night, Jan.
19. Two bands will play at the
9-to-1 affair, which will cost
$3.75 per couple for members of
the class of '64, and $4.50 for un
lucky squares. Transportation to
and from the dance may be had
through a charter bus service, at
$2.45 per couple.

PLANS ARE already well under
way for the Sophomore Cotillion,
to be held at The Village in San
Francisco on Friday night, Jan.
19. Two bands will play at the
9-to-1 affair, which will cost
$3.75 per couple for members of
the class of '64, and $4.50 for un
lucky squares. Transportation to
and from the dance may be had
through a charter bus service, at
$2.45 per couple.

PLANS ARE already well under
way for the Sophomore Cotillion,
to be held at The Village in San
Francisco on Friday night, Jan.
19. Two bands will play at the
9-to-1 affair, which will cost
$3.75 per couple for members of
the class of '64, and $4.50 for un
lucky squares. Transportation to
and from the dance may be had
through a charter bus service, at
$2.45 per couple.

PLANS ARE already well under
way for the Sophomore Cotillion,
to be held at The Village in San
Francisco on Friday night, Jan.
19. Two bands will play at the
9-to-1 affair, which will cost
$3.75 per couple for members of
the class of '64, and $4.50 for un
lucky squares. Transportation to
and from the dance may be had
through a charter bus service, at
$2.45 per couple.

PLANS ARE already well under
way for the Sophomore Cotillion,
to be held at The Village in San
Francisco on Friday night, Jan.
19. Two bands will play at the
9-to-1 affair, which will cost
$3.75 per couple for members of
the class of '64, and $4.50 for un
lucky squares. Transportation to
and from the dance may be had
through a charter bus service, at
$2.45 per couple.

PLANS ARE already well under
way for the Sophomore Cotillion,
to be held at The Village in San
Francisco on Friday night, Jan.
19. Two bands will play at the
9-to-1 affair, which will cost
$3.75 per couple for members of
the class of '64, and $4.50 for un
lucky squares. Transportation to
and from the dance may be had
through a charter bus service, at
$2.45 per couple.
