# Play Tryouts End Tonight
## 
### 
Tryouts for Ram’s Head
Productions’ Winter- One-Acts
will end with tonight's audi
tions from 7:30 to 9:30 at
Memorial Auditorium. The
three plays will be presented
February 9, 10, 16 and 17.

“Friends of the Universe”
portrays the sometimes hu
morous results of a Negro
boy’s dinner with a Southern
family. “The Inquisition” is a
stark drama about the effects
of the Spanish persecution of
heretics. The third play, “As
I Was Going to St. Ives,” is a
farce based on the standard
English mitr d e r mystery.
Actors, crew members and
production staff people are
needed.
