# Berl Cops Title By 8-7 Victory
## 
### 
Warren Berl, Indian golf ace, beat
Charles "Bud" Finger, junior golfer
on the Farm 8 to 7 to win the Stan
ford Invitational Meet here Sunday.
This was Berl's second Invitational
championship on the Farm in two
years, having come through the
finals exactly as he did last year,
when he won over Finger, then of
Menlo Junior College.
Berl made the best shot of the
tournament on the 12th hole of the
morning round when he hooked a tee
shot under one tree and almost
around another to drop the ball 15
feet from the green. Berl then pro
ceeded to shoot four straight threes
for what proved to be the deciding
factor of the match. Finger scored
the day's second best shot with a
number 2 iron shot that stopped 3
feet from the cup on the second
hole.
Tony Ferrari of Menlo Junior Col
lege won the first flight finals over
Johnson, 5 and 4; Bill Roth d. Mar
tin 3 and 2 for the second flight
championship; Mac√üae beat Hamp
ton 2 and 1 in the third flight; May
d. Murray in the fourth flight 2-up;
Ahreus d. Hartley 4 and 3 in the
fifth flight; DuPrau d. Webber 3 and
2 in the sixth flight; Beard d. Doe
5 and 3 in the seventh flight.
