# Expert Assails Federal Spending
## 
### 
Recovery brought about by gov
ernment spending, instead of pri
vate investment, will mean regi
mentation and dictatorship, was
shown by Professor Harley L. Lutz,
Princeton finance expert at the
Stanford third annual business con
ference last week.
There are only two ways of stim
ulating national income, he said.
They are by giving people more
money to spend, a "policy which
can be most easily accomplished by
printing paper money," or by in
creasing production.
Dr. Nathan van Patten, director of
Stanford University Libraries, has
been elected chairman of the Uni
versity Libraries Subsection of the
Association of Colleges and Refer
ence Libraries, it was anounced yes
terday.
