# Time Schedule Changes
## The 						Stanford Daily (000) 
### 
003 Add: Night Editing
hours— 7 p.m.-midnight
SMTWTh
room — Storke Publ. Bldg.
004 Add: Wire Editing
hours — 7 p.m.-9 p.m.
SMTWTh
room — Storke Publ. Bldg.

007 Add: Staff Writer
hours — one story a week
room — Storke Publ. Bldg.
105 Add: Happy hour
hour — 5 p.m. F
room — Storke Publ. Bldg.

These are some of the new
courses we're offering at
The Stanford Daily. Don't
miss out, add them to your
schedule right away. Work
for The Daily.
003 Add: Night Editing
hours— 7 p.m.-midnight
SMTWTh
room — Storke Publ. Bldg.
004 Add: Wire Editing
hours — 7 p.m.-9 p.m.
SMTWTh
room — Storke Publ. Bldg.

007 Add: Staff Writer
hours — one story a week
room — Storke Publ. Bldg.
105 Add: Happy hour
hour — 5 p.m. F
room — Storke Publ. Bldg.

These are some of the new
courses we're offering at
The Stanford Daily. Don't
miss out, add them to your
schedule right away. Work
for The Daily.
003 Add: Night Editing
hours— 7 p.m.-midnight
SMTWTh
room — Storke Publ. Bldg.
004 Add: Wire Editing
hours — 7 p.m.-9 p.m.
SMTWTh
room — Storke Publ. Bldg.

007 Add: Staff Writer
hours — one story a week
room — Storke Publ. Bldg.
105 Add: Happy hour
hour — 5 p.m. F
room — Storke Publ. Bldg.

These are some of the new
courses we're offering at
The Stanford Daily. Don't
miss out, add them to your
schedule right away. Work
for The Daily.
003 Add: Night Editing
hours— 7 p.m.-midnight
SMTWTh
room — Storke Publ. Bldg.
004 Add: Wire Editing
hours — 7 p.m.-9 p.m.
SMTWTh
room — Storke Publ. Bldg.

007 Add: Staff Writer
hours — one story a week
room — Storke Publ. Bldg.
105 Add: Happy hour
hour — 5 p.m. F
room — Storke Publ. Bldg.

These are some of the new
courses we're offering at
The Stanford Daily. Don't
miss out, add them to your
schedule right away. Work
for The Daily.
003 Add: Night Editing
hours— 7 p.m.-midnight
SMTWTh
room — Storke Publ. Bldg.
004 Add: Wire Editing
hours — 7 p.m.-9 p.m.
SMTWTh
room — Storke Publ. Bldg.

007 Add: Staff Writer
hours — one story a week
room — Storke Publ. Bldg.
105 Add: Happy hour
hour — 5 p.m. F
room — Storke Publ. Bldg.

These are some of the new
courses we're offering at
The Stanford Daily. Don't
miss out, add them to your
schedule right away. Work
for The Daily.
003 Add: Night Editing
hours— 7 p.m.-midnight
SMTWTh
room — Storke Publ. Bldg.
004 Add: Wire Editing
hours — 7 p.m.-9 p.m.
SMTWTh
room — Storke Publ. Bldg.

007 Add: Staff Writer
hours — one story a week
room — Storke Publ. Bldg.
105 Add: Happy hour
hour — 5 p.m. F
room — Storke Publ. Bldg.

These are some of the new
courses we're offering at
The Stanford Daily. Don't
miss out, add them to your
schedule right away. Work
for The Daily.
003 Add: Night Editing
hours— 7 p.m.-midnight
SMTWTh
room — Storke Publ. Bldg.
004 Add: Wire Editing
hours — 7 p.m.-9 p.m.
SMTWTh
room — Storke Publ. Bldg.

007 Add: Staff Writer
hours — one story a week
room — Storke Publ. Bldg.
105 Add: Happy hour
hour — 5 p.m. F
room — Storke Publ. Bldg.

These are some of the new
courses we're offering at
The Stanford Daily. Don't
miss out, add them to your
schedule right away. Work
for The Daily.
003 Add: Night Editing
hours— 7 p.m.-midnight
SMTWTh
room — Storke Publ. Bldg.
004 Add: Wire Editing
hours — 7 p.m.-9 p.m.
SMTWTh
room — Storke Publ. Bldg.

007 Add: Staff Writer
hours — one story a week
room — Storke Publ. Bldg.
105 Add: Happy hour
hour — 5 p.m. F
room — Storke Publ. Bldg.

These are some of the new
courses we're offering at
The Stanford Daily. Don't
miss out, add them to your
schedule right away. Work
for The Daily.
