# Strike Speakers
## 
### 
Cesar Chavez, head of the Na
tional Farm Workers' Associa
tion, one of two grape-pickers'
unions on strike in the San
Joaquin Valley, will speak today
at 4:15 in the Largo Lounge of
Tresidder Union.
Robert McAfee Brown, profes
sor of religion, will introduce
Chavez and speak himself. The
talks are being sponsored by the
United Campus Christian Minis
try (UCCM) and the Stanford
Friends of SNCC.
The NFWA, along with the
Agricultural Workers' Organiz
ing Committee (AWOC), an af
filiate of AFL-CIO, have been
striking in a 400-square-mile
area around Delano, Calif, for
the past six weeks.
The strikers are asking for
recognition of the unions by the
growers in the form of a con
tract, and for a raise to $1/40
an hour.
During the past two weeks,
friends of SNCC. has collected
$400 and 1.50 signatures in the
Stanford area in support of the
strike.
Over the weekend, several
members of the UCCM went
down to Delano to give their sup
port to the present strike and
also to plan for a Christmas va
cation work project in the area.
