# Hibler Hits Hard
## 
### 
Stanford followers last. Sat
urday had liltle to smile at ancl
no reason to feel happy towards
the end of the Trojan foolball
game, hut the fighting spirit of
Lineman Mike Hibler, that
would never say die, added a
brief but striking finish to the
defeat.
Hibler's defensive horoics held
the great Garrett intact for the
most part throughout the first
three quarters of play. Hibler
was also part of the mighty de
fensive blow that kept the Tro
jans from penetrating the goal
on four plays from the seven
yard line.
Hibler, a junior, was voted
lineman of the game against
Navy, hut one must admit the
blows he dealt out in the SC
game were more dramatic.


Mike Hibler
