# Correction
## 
### 
The research ouportunities
available in Russia and the East
ern European countries is not
part of the Fulbright Scholar
ship Program, as was published
yesterday in the Daily. The East
ern European program is open
only to Stanford graduates, post
doctoral researchers and faculty.
Deadline for completed appli
cations is Nov. 1.
The research ouportunities
available in Russia and the East
ern European countries is not
part of the Fulbright Scholar
ship Program, as was published
yesterday in the Daily. The East
ern European program is open
only to Stanford graduates, post
doctoral researchers and faculty.
Deadline for completed appli
cations is Nov. 1.
The research ouportunities
available in Russia and the East
ern European countries is not
part of the Fulbright Scholar
ship Program, as was published
yesterday in the Daily. The East
ern European program is open
only to Stanford graduates, post
doctoral researchers and faculty.
Deadline for completed appli
cations is Nov. 1.
The research ouportunities
available in Russia and the East
ern European countries is not
part of the Fulbright Scholar
ship Program, as was published
yesterday in the Daily. The East
ern European program is open
only to Stanford graduates, post
doctoral researchers and faculty.
Deadline for completed appli
cations is Nov. 1.
The research ouportunities
available in Russia and the East
ern European countries is not
part of the Fulbright Scholar
ship Program, as was published
yesterday in the Daily. The East
ern European program is open
only to Stanford graduates, post
doctoral researchers and faculty.
Deadline for completed appli
cations is Nov. 1.
The research ouportunities
available in Russia and the East
ern European countries is not
part of the Fulbright Scholar
ship Program, as was published
yesterday in the Daily. The East
ern European program is open
only to Stanford graduates, post
doctoral researchers and faculty.
Deadline for completed appli
cations is Nov. 1.
The research ouportunities
available in Russia and the East
ern European countries is not
part of the Fulbright Scholar
ship Program, as was published
yesterday in the Daily. The East
ern European program is open
only to Stanford graduates, post
doctoral researchers and faculty.
Deadline for completed appli
cations is Nov. 1.
The research ouportunities
available in Russia and the East
ern European countries is not
part of the Fulbright Scholar
ship Program, as was published
yesterday in the Daily. The East
ern European program is open
only to Stanford graduates, post
doctoral researchers and faculty.
Deadline for completed appli
cations is Nov. 1.
The research ouportunities
available in Russia and the East
ern European countries is not
part of the Fulbright Scholar
ship Program, as was published
yesterday in the Daily. The East
ern European program is open
only to Stanford graduates, post
doctoral researchers and faculty.
Deadline for completed appli
cations is Nov. 1.
The research ouportunities
available in Russia and the East
ern European countries is not
part of the Fulbright Scholar
ship Program, as was published
yesterday in the Daily. The East
ern European program is open
only to Stanford graduates, post
doctoral researchers and faculty.
Deadline for completed appli
cations is Nov. 1.
The research ouportunities
available in Russia and the East
ern European countries is not
part of the Fulbright Scholar
ship Program, as was published
yesterday in the Daily. The East
ern European program is open
only to Stanford graduates, post
doctoral researchers and faculty.
Deadline for completed appli
cations is Nov. 1.
The research ouportunities
available in Russia and the East
ern European countries is not
part of the Fulbright Scholar
ship Program, as was published
yesterday in the Daily. The East
ern European program is open
only to Stanford graduates, post
doctoral researchers and faculty.
Deadline for completed appli
cations is Nov. 1.
The research ouportunities
available in Russia and the East
ern European countries is not
part of the Fulbright Scholar
ship Program, as was published
yesterday in the Daily. The East
ern European program is open
only to Stanford graduates, post
doctoral researchers and faculty.
Deadline for completed appli
cations is Nov. 1.
The research ouportunities
available in Russia and the East
ern European countries is not
part of the Fulbright Scholar
ship Program, as was published
yesterday in the Daily. The East
ern European program is open
only to Stanford graduates, post
doctoral researchers and faculty.
Deadline for completed appli
cations is Nov. 1.
The research ouportunities
available in Russia and the East
ern European countries is not
part of the Fulbright Scholar
ship Program, as was published
yesterday in the Daily. The East
ern European program is open
only to Stanford graduates, post
doctoral researchers and faculty.
Deadline for completed appli
cations is Nov. 1.
The research ouportunities
available in Russia and the East
ern European countries is not
part of the Fulbright Scholar
ship Program, as was published
yesterday in the Daily. The East
ern European program is open
only to Stanford graduates, post
doctoral researchers and faculty.
Deadline for completed appli
cations is Nov. 1.
