# Tresidders Invite All Students to Open House
## 
### 
Dr. ancl Mrs. Tresidder will hold a
reception this Sunday evening be
tween 7:30 and 9. The whole campus
is invited, although the open house
will be primarily for old students
and those who were not able to at
tend the first reception given last
week.
The reception will be at the
Tresidder's home on Mirada avenue.
Dr. ancl Mrs. Tresidder will hold a
reception this Sunday evening be
tween 7:30 and 9. The whole campus
is invited, although the open house
will be primarily for old students
and those who were not able to at
tend the first reception given last
week.
The reception will be at the
Tresidder's home on Mirada avenue.
Dr. ancl Mrs. Tresidder will hold a
reception this Sunday evening be
tween 7:30 and 9. The whole campus
is invited, although the open house
will be primarily for old students
and those who were not able to at
tend the first reception given last
week.
The reception will be at the
Tresidder's home on Mirada avenue.
Dr. ancl Mrs. Tresidder will hold a
reception this Sunday evening be
tween 7:30 and 9. The whole campus
is invited, although the open house
will be primarily for old students
and those who were not able to at
tend the first reception given last
week.
The reception will be at the
Tresidder's home on Mirada avenue.
Dr. ancl Mrs. Tresidder will hold a
reception this Sunday evening be
tween 7:30 and 9. The whole campus
is invited, although the open house
will be primarily for old students
and those who were not able to at
tend the first reception given last
week.
The reception will be at the
Tresidder's home on Mirada avenue.
Dr. ancl Mrs. Tresidder will hold a
reception this Sunday evening be
tween 7:30 and 9. The whole campus
is invited, although the open house
will be primarily for old students
and those who were not able to at
tend the first reception given last
week.
The reception will be at the
Tresidder's home on Mirada avenue.
Dr. ancl Mrs. Tresidder will hold a
reception this Sunday evening be
tween 7:30 and 9. The whole campus
is invited, although the open house
will be primarily for old students
and those who were not able to at
tend the first reception given last
week.
The reception will be at the
Tresidder's home on Mirada avenue.
Dr. ancl Mrs. Tresidder will hold a
reception this Sunday evening be
tween 7:30 and 9. The whole campus
is invited, although the open house
will be primarily for old students
and those who were not able to at
tend the first reception given last
week.
The reception will be at the
Tresidder's home on Mirada avenue.
Dr. ancl Mrs. Tresidder will hold a
reception this Sunday evening be
tween 7:30 and 9. The whole campus
is invited, although the open house
will be primarily for old students
and those who were not able to at
tend the first reception given last
week.
The reception will be at the
Tresidder's home on Mirada avenue.
Dr. ancl Mrs. Tresidder will hold a
reception this Sunday evening be
tween 7:30 and 9. The whole campus
is invited, although the open house
will be primarily for old students
and those who were not able to at
tend the first reception given last
week.
The reception will be at the
Tresidder's home on Mirada avenue.
Dr. ancl Mrs. Tresidder will hold a
reception this Sunday evening be
tween 7:30 and 9. The whole campus
is invited, although the open house
will be primarily for old students
and those who were not able to at
tend the first reception given last
week.
The reception will be at the
Tresidder's home on Mirada avenue.
Dr. ancl Mrs. Tresidder will hold a
reception this Sunday evening be
tween 7:30 and 9. The whole campus
is invited, although the open house
will be primarily for old students
and those who were not able to at
tend the first reception given last
week.
The reception will be at the
Tresidder's home on Mirada avenue.
Dr. ancl Mrs. Tresidder will hold a
reception this Sunday evening be
tween 7:30 and 9. The whole campus
is invited, although the open house
will be primarily for old students
and those who were not able to at
tend the first reception given last
week.
The reception will be at the
Tresidder's home on Mirada avenue.
Dr. ancl Mrs. Tresidder will hold a
reception this Sunday evening be
tween 7:30 and 9. The whole campus
is invited, although the open house
will be primarily for old students
and those who were not able to at
tend the first reception given last
week.
The reception will be at the
Tresidder's home on Mirada avenue.
Dr. ancl Mrs. Tresidder will hold a
reception this Sunday evening be
tween 7:30 and 9. The whole campus
is invited, although the open house
will be primarily for old students
and those who were not able to at
tend the first reception given last
week.
The reception will be at the
Tresidder's home on Mirada avenue.
