# HOOVER LIBE TOURS
## 
### 
Student tours will bo conducted
through the Hoover War Library to
morrow afternoon between 3 and 5.
Committee head for organizing the
tours is Gerry Moore, with Newton
Arnold and Ray Saunders assisting.
Student tours will bo conducted
through the Hoover War Library to
morrow afternoon between 3 and 5.
Committee head for organizing the
tours is Gerry Moore, with Newton
Arnold and Ray Saunders assisting.
Student tours will bo conducted
through the Hoover War Library to
morrow afternoon between 3 and 5.
Committee head for organizing the
tours is Gerry Moore, with Newton
Arnold and Ray Saunders assisting.
Student tours will bo conducted
through the Hoover War Library to
morrow afternoon between 3 and 5.
Committee head for organizing the
tours is Gerry Moore, with Newton
Arnold and Ray Saunders assisting.
Student tours will bo conducted
through the Hoover War Library to
morrow afternoon between 3 and 5.
Committee head for organizing the
tours is Gerry Moore, with Newton
Arnold and Ray Saunders assisting.
Student tours will bo conducted
through the Hoover War Library to
morrow afternoon between 3 and 5.
Committee head for organizing the
tours is Gerry Moore, with Newton
Arnold and Ray Saunders assisting.
Student tours will bo conducted
through the Hoover War Library to
morrow afternoon between 3 and 5.
Committee head for organizing the
tours is Gerry Moore, with Newton
Arnold and Ray Saunders assisting.
Student tours will bo conducted
through the Hoover War Library to
morrow afternoon between 3 and 5.
Committee head for organizing the
tours is Gerry Moore, with Newton
Arnold and Ray Saunders assisting.
Student tours will bo conducted
through the Hoover War Library to
morrow afternoon between 3 and 5.
Committee head for organizing the
tours is Gerry Moore, with Newton
Arnold and Ray Saunders assisting.
Student tours will bo conducted
through the Hoover War Library to
morrow afternoon between 3 and 5.
Committee head for organizing the
tours is Gerry Moore, with Newton
Arnold and Ray Saunders assisting.
Student tours will bo conducted
through the Hoover War Library to
morrow afternoon between 3 and 5.
Committee head for organizing the
tours is Gerry Moore, with Newton
Arnold and Ray Saunders assisting.
Student tours will bo conducted
through the Hoover War Library to
morrow afternoon between 3 and 5.
Committee head for organizing the
tours is Gerry Moore, with Newton
Arnold and Ray Saunders assisting.
Student tours will bo conducted
through the Hoover War Library to
morrow afternoon between 3 and 5.
Committee head for organizing the
tours is Gerry Moore, with Newton
Arnold and Ray Saunders assisting.
Student tours will bo conducted
through the Hoover War Library to
morrow afternoon between 3 and 5.
Committee head for organizing the
tours is Gerry Moore, with Newton
Arnold and Ray Saunders assisting.
Student tours will bo conducted
through the Hoover War Library to
morrow afternoon between 3 and 5.
Committee head for organizing the
tours is Gerry Moore, with Newton
Arnold and Ray Saunders assisting.
