# TRUSTEES', ASSOCIATES' HEADS
## 
### 

GEORGE E. DITZ, right, president of Stanford Associates, receives the
congratulations of President Inland W. Cutler of the Board of Trustees
for the showing made by the Stanford Fund's annual appeal to alumni.

GEORGE E. DITZ, right, president of Stanford Associates, receives the
congratulations of President Inland W. Cutler of the Board of Trustees
for the showing made by the Stanford Fund's annual appeal to alumni.

GEORGE E. DITZ, right, president of Stanford Associates, receives the
congratulations of President Inland W. Cutler of the Board of Trustees
for the showing made by the Stanford Fund's annual appeal to alumni.

GEORGE E. DITZ, right, president of Stanford Associates, receives the
congratulations of President Inland W. Cutler of the Board of Trustees
for the showing made by the Stanford Fund's annual appeal to alumni.

GEORGE E. DITZ, right, president of Stanford Associates, receives the
congratulations of President Inland W. Cutler of the Board of Trustees
for the showing made by the Stanford Fund's annual appeal to alumni.

GEORGE E. DITZ, right, president of Stanford Associates, receives the
congratulations of President Inland W. Cutler of the Board of Trustees
for the showing made by the Stanford Fund's annual appeal to alumni.

GEORGE E. DITZ, right, president of Stanford Associates, receives the
congratulations of President Inland W. Cutler of the Board of Trustees
for the showing made by the Stanford Fund's annual appeal to alumni.

GEORGE E. DITZ, right, president of Stanford Associates, receives the
congratulations of President Inland W. Cutler of the Board of Trustees
for the showing made by the Stanford Fund's annual appeal to alumni.

GEORGE E. DITZ, right, president of Stanford Associates, receives the
congratulations of President Inland W. Cutler of the Board of Trustees
for the showing made by the Stanford Fund's annual appeal to alumni.

GEORGE E. DITZ, right, president of Stanford Associates, receives the
congratulations of President Inland W. Cutler of the Board of Trustees
for the showing made by the Stanford Fund's annual appeal to alumni.

GEORGE E. DITZ, right, president of Stanford Associates, receives the
congratulations of President Inland W. Cutler of the Board of Trustees
for the showing made by the Stanford Fund's annual appeal to alumni.

GEORGE E. DITZ, right, president of Stanford Associates, receives the
congratulations of President Inland W. Cutler of the Board of Trustees
for the showing made by the Stanford Fund's annual appeal to alumni.

GEORGE E. DITZ, right, president of Stanford Associates, receives the
congratulations of President Inland W. Cutler of the Board of Trustees
for the showing made by the Stanford Fund's annual appeal to alumni.

GEORGE E. DITZ, right, president of Stanford Associates, receives the
congratulations of President Inland W. Cutler of the Board of Trustees
for the showing made by the Stanford Fund's annual appeal to alumni.

GEORGE E. DITZ, right, president of Stanford Associates, receives the
congratulations of President Inland W. Cutler of the Board of Trustees
for the showing made by the Stanford Fund's annual appeal to alumni.

GEORGE E. DITZ, right, president of Stanford Associates, receives the
congratulations of President Inland W. Cutler of the Board of Trustees
for the showing made by the Stanford Fund's annual appeal to alumni.

GEORGE E. DITZ, right, president of Stanford Associates, receives the
congratulations of President Inland W. Cutler of the Board of Trustees
for the showing made by the Stanford Fund's annual appeal to alumni.
