# Adv. 6 Page 3
## 
### 
(Lieutenant Means was severely
wounded and had finally to undergo
(Lieutenant Means was severely
wounded and had finally to undergo
(Lieutenant Means was severely
wounded and had finally to undergo
(Lieutenant Means was severely
wounded and had finally to undergo
(Lieutenant Means was severely
wounded and had finally to undergo
(Lieutenant Means was severely
wounded and had finally to undergo
(Lieutenant Means was severely
wounded and had finally to undergo
(Lieutenant Means was severely
wounded and had finally to undergo
(Lieutenant Means was severely
wounded and had finally to undergo
(Lieutenant Means was severely
wounded and had finally to undergo
(Lieutenant Means was severely
wounded and had finally to undergo
(Lieutenant Means was severely
wounded and had finally to undergo
(Lieutenant Means was severely
wounded and had finally to undergo
(Lieutenant Means was severely
wounded and had finally to undergo
(Lieutenant Means was severely
wounded and had finally to undergo
