# VAN NIEL HONORED
## 
### 
Dr. Cornells B. van Niel, professor
of microbiology at Stanford Univer
sity's Hopkins Marine Station at Pa
cific Grove, has been awarded a
Guggenheim fellowship for the study
ol new concepts of chemical and
physical phenomena with a view to
application in general biochemistry.
Dr. Cornells B. van Niel, professor
of microbiology at Stanford Univer
sity's Hopkins Marine Station at Pa
cific Grove, has been awarded a
Guggenheim fellowship for the study
ol new concepts of chemical and
physical phenomena with a view to
application in general biochemistry.
Dr. Cornells B. van Niel, professor
of microbiology at Stanford Univer
sity's Hopkins Marine Station at Pa
cific Grove, has been awarded a
Guggenheim fellowship for the study
ol new concepts of chemical and
physical phenomena with a view to
application in general biochemistry.
Dr. Cornells B. van Niel, professor
of microbiology at Stanford Univer
sity's Hopkins Marine Station at Pa
cific Grove, has been awarded a
Guggenheim fellowship for the study
ol new concepts of chemical and
physical phenomena with a view to
application in general biochemistry.
Dr. Cornells B. van Niel, professor
of microbiology at Stanford Univer
sity's Hopkins Marine Station at Pa
cific Grove, has been awarded a
Guggenheim fellowship for the study
ol new concepts of chemical and
physical phenomena with a view to
application in general biochemistry.
Dr. Cornells B. van Niel, professor
of microbiology at Stanford Univer
sity's Hopkins Marine Station at Pa
cific Grove, has been awarded a
Guggenheim fellowship for the study
ol new concepts of chemical and
physical phenomena with a view to
application in general biochemistry.
Dr. Cornells B. van Niel, professor
of microbiology at Stanford Univer
sity's Hopkins Marine Station at Pa
cific Grove, has been awarded a
Guggenheim fellowship for the study
ol new concepts of chemical and
physical phenomena with a view to
application in general biochemistry.
Dr. Cornells B. van Niel, professor
of microbiology at Stanford Univer
sity's Hopkins Marine Station at Pa
cific Grove, has been awarded a
Guggenheim fellowship for the study
ol new concepts of chemical and
physical phenomena with a view to
application in general biochemistry.
Dr. Cornells B. van Niel, professor
of microbiology at Stanford Univer
sity's Hopkins Marine Station at Pa
cific Grove, has been awarded a
Guggenheim fellowship for the study
ol new concepts of chemical and
physical phenomena with a view to
application in general biochemistry.
Dr. Cornells B. van Niel, professor
of microbiology at Stanford Univer
sity's Hopkins Marine Station at Pa
cific Grove, has been awarded a
Guggenheim fellowship for the study
ol new concepts of chemical and
physical phenomena with a view to
application in general biochemistry.
Dr. Cornells B. van Niel, professor
of microbiology at Stanford Univer
sity's Hopkins Marine Station at Pa
cific Grove, has been awarded a
Guggenheim fellowship for the study
ol new concepts of chemical and
physical phenomena with a view to
application in general biochemistry.
Dr. Cornells B. van Niel, professor
of microbiology at Stanford Univer
sity's Hopkins Marine Station at Pa
cific Grove, has been awarded a
Guggenheim fellowship for the study
ol new concepts of chemical and
physical phenomena with a view to
application in general biochemistry.
Dr. Cornells B. van Niel, professor
of microbiology at Stanford Univer
sity's Hopkins Marine Station at Pa
cific Grove, has been awarded a
Guggenheim fellowship for the study
ol new concepts of chemical and
physical phenomena with a view to
application in general biochemistry.
Dr. Cornells B. van Niel, professor
of microbiology at Stanford Univer
sity's Hopkins Marine Station at Pa
cific Grove, has been awarded a
Guggenheim fellowship for the study
ol new concepts of chemical and
physical phenomena with a view to
application in general biochemistry.
Dr. Cornells B. van Niel, professor
of microbiology at Stanford Univer
sity's Hopkins Marine Station at Pa
cific Grove, has been awarded a
Guggenheim fellowship for the study
ol new concepts of chemical and
physical phenomena with a view to
application in general biochemistry.
