# REDUCE NUMBER IN CLUB.
## Glee Holds Final Tryout and Twenty-two are Successful.—Sixteen To Go North. 
### 
The final tryout for the Glee Club
was held last evening at the Phi
Delta Theta house. Twenty-two men
were successful: First tenors—L. Y.
Mattes, '08, E. S. Pridham, 'OS, F.
W. McNulty, '08, E. J. Swift, *08, J.
.1 Hill, '08. Second tenors—F. H.
Bernard, 'OS, C. B. Bradford, '09, W.
W. Todd, '09, T. A. De Bolt, '10, H.
E. Reed, '10, E. E. Chase, '11. First
Bassos —R. S. Kellogg, '08, E. Hor
ner. *09, R. H. Brown, '10, L. N.
George, '10, N. Taylor, '10, E. L.
Coffin, '11. Second Bassos —M. Ves
tal, '08, A. D. Hughes, '08, C. E.
Sampson, '09, S. Bryan, '10, W. H.
McConnell, '11.
This season the club has five more
members than it had last. year.
Twenty-nine men will make the Nor
thern trip during the Christmas hol
idays and out of this number six
teen will represent the Glee. The
Combined Musical Clubs will be ac
companied by a manager, who will
be selected by Graduate Manager
Knupp. Shingles and possibly watch
fobs will be awarded to those who
make the trip.
The final tryout for the Glee Club
was held last evening at the Phi
Delta Theta house. Twenty-two men
were successful: First tenors—L. Y.
Mattes, '08, E. S. Pridham, 'OS, F.
W. McNulty, '08, E. J. Swift, *08, J.
.1 Hill, '08. Second tenors—F. H.
Bernard, 'OS, C. B. Bradford, '09, W.
W. Todd, '09, T. A. De Bolt, '10, H.
E. Reed, '10, E. E. Chase, '11. First
Bassos —R. S. Kellogg, '08, E. Hor
ner. *09, R. H. Brown, '10, L. N.
George, '10, N. Taylor, '10, E. L.
Coffin, '11. Second Bassos —M. Ves
tal, '08, A. D. Hughes, '08, C. E.
Sampson, '09, S. Bryan, '10, W. H.
McConnell, '11.
This season the club has five more
members than it had last. year.
Twenty-nine men will make the Nor
thern trip during the Christmas hol
idays and out of this number six
teen will represent the Glee. The
Combined Musical Clubs will be ac
companied by a manager, who will
be selected by Graduate Manager
Knupp. Shingles and possibly watch
fobs will be awarded to those who
make the trip.
The final tryout for the Glee Club
was held last evening at the Phi
Delta Theta house. Twenty-two men
were successful: First tenors—L. Y.
Mattes, '08, E. S. Pridham, 'OS, F.
W. McNulty, '08, E. J. Swift, *08, J.
.1 Hill, '08. Second tenors—F. H.
Bernard, 'OS, C. B. Bradford, '09, W.
W. Todd, '09, T. A. De Bolt, '10, H.
E. Reed, '10, E. E. Chase, '11. First
Bassos —R. S. Kellogg, '08, E. Hor
ner. *09, R. H. Brown, '10, L. N.
George, '10, N. Taylor, '10, E. L.
Coffin, '11. Second Bassos —M. Ves
tal, '08, A. D. Hughes, '08, C. E.
Sampson, '09, S. Bryan, '10, W. H.
McConnell, '11.
This season the club has five more
members than it had last. year.
Twenty-nine men will make the Nor
thern trip during the Christmas hol
idays and out of this number six
teen will represent the Glee. The
Combined Musical Clubs will be ac
companied by a manager, who will
be selected by Graduate Manager
Knupp. Shingles and possibly watch
fobs will be awarded to those who
make the trip.
The final tryout for the Glee Club
was held last evening at the Phi
Delta Theta house. Twenty-two men
were successful: First tenors—L. Y.
Mattes, '08, E. S. Pridham, 'OS, F.
W. McNulty, '08, E. J. Swift, *08, J.
.1 Hill, '08. Second tenors—F. H.
Bernard, 'OS, C. B. Bradford, '09, W.
W. Todd, '09, T. A. De Bolt, '10, H.
E. Reed, '10, E. E. Chase, '11. First
Bassos —R. S. Kellogg, '08, E. Hor
ner. *09, R. H. Brown, '10, L. N.
George, '10, N. Taylor, '10, E. L.
Coffin, '11. Second Bassos —M. Ves
tal, '08, A. D. Hughes, '08, C. E.
Sampson, '09, S. Bryan, '10, W. H.
McConnell, '11.
This season the club has five more
members than it had last. year.
Twenty-nine men will make the Nor
thern trip during the Christmas hol
idays and out of this number six
teen will represent the Glee. The
Combined Musical Clubs will be ac
companied by a manager, who will
be selected by Graduate Manager
Knupp. Shingles and possibly watch
fobs will be awarded to those who
make the trip.
The final tryout for the Glee Club
was held last evening at the Phi
Delta Theta house. Twenty-two men
were successful: First tenors—L. Y.
Mattes, '08, E. S. Pridham, 'OS, F.
W. McNulty, '08, E. J. Swift, *08, J.
.1 Hill, '08. Second tenors—F. H.
Bernard, 'OS, C. B. Bradford, '09, W.
W. Todd, '09, T. A. De Bolt, '10, H.
E. Reed, '10, E. E. Chase, '11. First
Bassos —R. S. Kellogg, '08, E. Hor
ner. *09, R. H. Brown, '10, L. N.
George, '10, N. Taylor, '10, E. L.
Coffin, '11. Second Bassos —M. Ves
tal, '08, A. D. Hughes, '08, C. E.
Sampson, '09, S. Bryan, '10, W. H.
McConnell, '11.
This season the club has five more
members than it had last. year.
Twenty-nine men will make the Nor
thern trip during the Christmas hol
idays and out of this number six
teen will represent the Glee. The
Combined Musical Clubs will be ac
companied by a manager, who will
be selected by Graduate Manager
Knupp. Shingles and possibly watch
fobs will be awarded to those who
make the trip.
The final tryout for the Glee Club
was held last evening at the Phi
Delta Theta house. Twenty-two men
were successful: First tenors—L. Y.
Mattes, '08, E. S. Pridham, 'OS, F.
W. McNulty, '08, E. J. Swift, *08, J.
.1 Hill, '08. Second tenors—F. H.
Bernard, 'OS, C. B. Bradford, '09, W.
W. Todd, '09, T. A. De Bolt, '10, H.
E. Reed, '10, E. E. Chase, '11. First
Bassos —R. S. Kellogg, '08, E. Hor
ner. *09, R. H. Brown, '10, L. N.
George, '10, N. Taylor, '10, E. L.
Coffin, '11. Second Bassos —M. Ves
tal, '08, A. D. Hughes, '08, C. E.
Sampson, '09, S. Bryan, '10, W. H.
McConnell, '11.
This season the club has five more
members than it had last. year.
Twenty-nine men will make the Nor
thern trip during the Christmas hol
idays and out of this number six
teen will represent the Glee. The
Combined Musical Clubs will be ac
companied by a manager, who will
be selected by Graduate Manager
Knupp. Shingles and possibly watch
fobs will be awarded to those who
make the trip.
The final tryout for the Glee Club
was held last evening at the Phi
Delta Theta house. Twenty-two men
were successful: First tenors—L. Y.
Mattes, '08, E. S. Pridham, 'OS, F.
W. McNulty, '08, E. J. Swift, *08, J.
.1 Hill, '08. Second tenors—F. H.
Bernard, 'OS, C. B. Bradford, '09, W.
W. Todd, '09, T. A. De Bolt, '10, H.
E. Reed, '10, E. E. Chase, '11. First
Bassos —R. S. Kellogg, '08, E. Hor
ner. *09, R. H. Brown, '10, L. N.
George, '10, N. Taylor, '10, E. L.
Coffin, '11. Second Bassos —M. Ves
tal, '08, A. D. Hughes, '08, C. E.
Sampson, '09, S. Bryan, '10, W. H.
McConnell, '11.
This season the club has five more
members than it had last. year.
Twenty-nine men will make the Nor
thern trip during the Christmas hol
idays and out of this number six
teen will represent the Glee. The
Combined Musical Clubs will be ac
companied by a manager, who will
be selected by Graduate Manager
Knupp. Shingles and possibly watch
fobs will be awarded to those who
make the trip.
The final tryout for the Glee Club
was held last evening at the Phi
Delta Theta house. Twenty-two men
were successful: First tenors—L. Y.
Mattes, '08, E. S. Pridham, 'OS, F.
W. McNulty, '08, E. J. Swift, *08, J.
.1 Hill, '08. Second tenors—F. H.
Bernard, 'OS, C. B. Bradford, '09, W.
W. Todd, '09, T. A. De Bolt, '10, H.
E. Reed, '10, E. E. Chase, '11. First
Bassos —R. S. Kellogg, '08, E. Hor
ner. *09, R. H. Brown, '10, L. N.
George, '10, N. Taylor, '10, E. L.
Coffin, '11. Second Bassos —M. Ves
tal, '08, A. D. Hughes, '08, C. E.
Sampson, '09, S. Bryan, '10, W. H.
McConnell, '11.
This season the club has five more
members than it had last. year.
Twenty-nine men will make the Nor
thern trip during the Christmas hol
idays and out of this number six
teen will represent the Glee. The
Combined Musical Clubs will be ac
companied by a manager, who will
be selected by Graduate Manager
Knupp. Shingles and possibly watch
fobs will be awarded to those who
make the trip.
The final tryout for the Glee Club
was held last evening at the Phi
Delta Theta house. Twenty-two men
were successful: First tenors—L. Y.
Mattes, '08, E. S. Pridham, 'OS, F.
W. McNulty, '08, E. J. Swift, *08, J.
.1 Hill, '08. Second tenors—F. H.
Bernard, 'OS, C. B. Bradford, '09, W.
W. Todd, '09, T. A. De Bolt, '10, H.
E. Reed, '10, E. E. Chase, '11. First
Bassos —R. S. Kellogg, '08, E. Hor
ner. *09, R. H. Brown, '10, L. N.
George, '10, N. Taylor, '10, E. L.
Coffin, '11. Second Bassos —M. Ves
tal, '08, A. D. Hughes, '08, C. E.
Sampson, '09, S. Bryan, '10, W. H.
McConnell, '11.
This season the club has five more
members than it had last. year.
Twenty-nine men will make the Nor
thern trip during the Christmas hol
idays and out of this number six
teen will represent the Glee. The
Combined Musical Clubs will be ac
companied by a manager, who will
be selected by Graduate Manager
Knupp. Shingles and possibly watch
fobs will be awarded to those who
make the trip.
