# PHILOSOPHY LECTURE
## 
### 
Professor Evert Beth, visiting
professor from the University of
Amsterdam, currently at the Uni
versity of California at Berkeley,
will speak in the lower lounge of
the Women's Clubhouse today at
4:15 p.m. on the topic "Nieuwentyt
and Kant on Analytic and Synthetic
Propositions."
Professor Evert Beth, visiting
professor from the University of
Amsterdam, currently at the Uni
versity of California at Berkeley,
will speak in the lower lounge of
the Women's Clubhouse today at
4:15 p.m. on the topic "Nieuwentyt
and Kant on Analytic and Synthetic
Propositions."
Professor Evert Beth, visiting
professor from the University of
Amsterdam, currently at the Uni
versity of California at Berkeley,
will speak in the lower lounge of
the Women's Clubhouse today at
4:15 p.m. on the topic "Nieuwentyt
and Kant on Analytic and Synthetic
Propositions."
Professor Evert Beth, visiting
professor from the University of
Amsterdam, currently at the Uni
versity of California at Berkeley,
will speak in the lower lounge of
the Women's Clubhouse today at
4:15 p.m. on the topic "Nieuwentyt
and Kant on Analytic and Synthetic
Propositions."
Professor Evert Beth, visiting
professor from the University of
Amsterdam, currently at the Uni
versity of California at Berkeley,
will speak in the lower lounge of
the Women's Clubhouse today at
4:15 p.m. on the topic "Nieuwentyt
and Kant on Analytic and Synthetic
Propositions."
Professor Evert Beth, visiting
professor from the University of
Amsterdam, currently at the Uni
versity of California at Berkeley,
will speak in the lower lounge of
the Women's Clubhouse today at
4:15 p.m. on the topic "Nieuwentyt
and Kant on Analytic and Synthetic
Propositions."
Professor Evert Beth, visiting
professor from the University of
Amsterdam, currently at the Uni
versity of California at Berkeley,
will speak in the lower lounge of
the Women's Clubhouse today at
4:15 p.m. on the topic "Nieuwentyt
and Kant on Analytic and Synthetic
Propositions."
Professor Evert Beth, visiting
professor from the University of
Amsterdam, currently at the Uni
versity of California at Berkeley,
will speak in the lower lounge of
the Women's Clubhouse today at
4:15 p.m. on the topic "Nieuwentyt
and Kant on Analytic and Synthetic
Propositions."
Professor Evert Beth, visiting
professor from the University of
Amsterdam, currently at the Uni
versity of California at Berkeley,
will speak in the lower lounge of
the Women's Clubhouse today at
4:15 p.m. on the topic "Nieuwentyt
and Kant on Analytic and Synthetic
Propositions."
Professor Evert Beth, visiting
professor from the University of
Amsterdam, currently at the Uni
versity of California at Berkeley,
will speak in the lower lounge of
the Women's Clubhouse today at
4:15 p.m. on the topic "Nieuwentyt
and Kant on Analytic and Synthetic
Propositions."
Professor Evert Beth, visiting
professor from the University of
Amsterdam, currently at the Uni
versity of California at Berkeley,
will speak in the lower lounge of
the Women's Clubhouse today at
4:15 p.m. on the topic "Nieuwentyt
and Kant on Analytic and Synthetic
Propositions."
Professor Evert Beth, visiting
professor from the University of
Amsterdam, currently at the Uni
versity of California at Berkeley,
will speak in the lower lounge of
the Women's Clubhouse today at
4:15 p.m. on the topic "Nieuwentyt
and Kant on Analytic and Synthetic
Propositions."
Professor Evert Beth, visiting
professor from the University of
Amsterdam, currently at the Uni
versity of California at Berkeley,
will speak in the lower lounge of
the Women's Clubhouse today at
4:15 p.m. on the topic "Nieuwentyt
and Kant on Analytic and Synthetic
Propositions."
Professor Evert Beth, visiting
professor from the University of
Amsterdam, currently at the Uni
versity of California at Berkeley,
will speak in the lower lounge of
the Women's Clubhouse today at
4:15 p.m. on the topic "Nieuwentyt
and Kant on Analytic and Synthetic
Propositions."
Professor Evert Beth, visiting
professor from the University of
Amsterdam, currently at the Uni
versity of California at Berkeley,
will speak in the lower lounge of
the Women's Clubhouse today at
4:15 p.m. on the topic "Nieuwentyt
and Kant on Analytic and Synthetic
Propositions."
Professor Evert Beth, visiting
professor from the University of
Amsterdam, currently at the Uni
versity of California at Berkeley,
will speak in the lower lounge of
the Women's Clubhouse today at
4:15 p.m. on the topic "Nieuwentyt
and Kant on Analytic and Synthetic
Propositions."
