# VENTURA ELECTIONS
## 
### 
Recently elected officers for next
year at Ventura Hall arc: Nancy
Teichert, president; Alicc Pink,
vice-president; Lee Barlow, secre
tary; Barbara Kuckuck, treasurer;
and Sandy Collins, social chairman.
Recently elected officers for next
year at Ventura Hall arc: Nancy
Teichert, president; Alicc Pink,
vice-president; Lee Barlow, secre
tary; Barbara Kuckuck, treasurer;
and Sandy Collins, social chairman.
Recently elected officers for next
year at Ventura Hall arc: Nancy
Teichert, president; Alicc Pink,
vice-president; Lee Barlow, secre
tary; Barbara Kuckuck, treasurer;
and Sandy Collins, social chairman.
Recently elected officers for next
year at Ventura Hall arc: Nancy
Teichert, president; Alicc Pink,
vice-president; Lee Barlow, secre
tary; Barbara Kuckuck, treasurer;
and Sandy Collins, social chairman.
Recently elected officers for next
year at Ventura Hall arc: Nancy
Teichert, president; Alicc Pink,
vice-president; Lee Barlow, secre
tary; Barbara Kuckuck, treasurer;
and Sandy Collins, social chairman.
Recently elected officers for next
year at Ventura Hall arc: Nancy
Teichert, president; Alicc Pink,
vice-president; Lee Barlow, secre
tary; Barbara Kuckuck, treasurer;
and Sandy Collins, social chairman.
Recently elected officers for next
year at Ventura Hall arc: Nancy
Teichert, president; Alicc Pink,
vice-president; Lee Barlow, secre
tary; Barbara Kuckuck, treasurer;
and Sandy Collins, social chairman.
Recently elected officers for next
year at Ventura Hall arc: Nancy
Teichert, president; Alicc Pink,
vice-president; Lee Barlow, secre
tary; Barbara Kuckuck, treasurer;
and Sandy Collins, social chairman.
Recently elected officers for next
year at Ventura Hall arc: Nancy
Teichert, president; Alicc Pink,
vice-president; Lee Barlow, secre
tary; Barbara Kuckuck, treasurer;
and Sandy Collins, social chairman.
Recently elected officers for next
year at Ventura Hall arc: Nancy
Teichert, president; Alicc Pink,
vice-president; Lee Barlow, secre
tary; Barbara Kuckuck, treasurer;
and Sandy Collins, social chairman.
Recently elected officers for next
year at Ventura Hall arc: Nancy
Teichert, president; Alicc Pink,
vice-president; Lee Barlow, secre
tary; Barbara Kuckuck, treasurer;
and Sandy Collins, social chairman.
Recently elected officers for next
year at Ventura Hall arc: Nancy
Teichert, president; Alicc Pink,
vice-president; Lee Barlow, secre
tary; Barbara Kuckuck, treasurer;
and Sandy Collins, social chairman.
Recently elected officers for next
year at Ventura Hall arc: Nancy
Teichert, president; Alicc Pink,
vice-president; Lee Barlow, secre
tary; Barbara Kuckuck, treasurer;
and Sandy Collins, social chairman.
Recently elected officers for next
year at Ventura Hall arc: Nancy
Teichert, president; Alicc Pink,
vice-president; Lee Barlow, secre
tary; Barbara Kuckuck, treasurer;
and Sandy Collins, social chairman.
Recently elected officers for next
year at Ventura Hall arc: Nancy
Teichert, president; Alicc Pink,
vice-president; Lee Barlow, secre
tary; Barbara Kuckuck, treasurer;
and Sandy Collins, social chairman.
Recently elected officers for next
year at Ventura Hall arc: Nancy
Teichert, president; Alicc Pink,
vice-president; Lee Barlow, secre
tary; Barbara Kuckuck, treasurer;
and Sandy Collins, social chairman.
