# Group Elections
## ALPHA SIG ELECTIONS 
### 
Alpha Sigma Phi has announced
the election of new house officers
for next term. They are: Bill Gon
ser, president: Dick McLean, vice
president; Boh Dolton, secretary;
Keith Mulrooncy, scribe; Bruce
Lancton, pledge captain; Ed Ward,
rushing chairman; John Sisson, so
cial chairman; Pete Sylvester, house
pianager; Ken Lewis, resident as
fclstant; and Jerry Haserot, sports
chairman.
Alpha Sigma Phi has announced
the election of new house officers
for next term. They are: Bill Gon
ser, president: Dick McLean, vice
president; Boh Dolton, secretary;
Keith Mulrooncy, scribe; Bruce
Lancton, pledge captain; Ed Ward,
rushing chairman; John Sisson, so
cial chairman; Pete Sylvester, house
pianager; Ken Lewis, resident as
fclstant; and Jerry Haserot, sports
chairman.
Alpha Sigma Phi has announced
the election of new house officers
for next term. They are: Bill Gon
ser, president: Dick McLean, vice
president; Boh Dolton, secretary;
Keith Mulrooncy, scribe; Bruce
Lancton, pledge captain; Ed Ward,
rushing chairman; John Sisson, so
cial chairman; Pete Sylvester, house
pianager; Ken Lewis, resident as
fclstant; and Jerry Haserot, sports
chairman.
Alpha Sigma Phi has announced
the election of new house officers
for next term. They are: Bill Gon
ser, president: Dick McLean, vice
president; Boh Dolton, secretary;
Keith Mulrooncy, scribe; Bruce
Lancton, pledge captain; Ed Ward,
rushing chairman; John Sisson, so
cial chairman; Pete Sylvester, house
pianager; Ken Lewis, resident as
fclstant; and Jerry Haserot, sports
chairman.
Alpha Sigma Phi has announced
the election of new house officers
for next term. They are: Bill Gon
ser, president: Dick McLean, vice
president; Boh Dolton, secretary;
Keith Mulrooncy, scribe; Bruce
Lancton, pledge captain; Ed Ward,
rushing chairman; John Sisson, so
cial chairman; Pete Sylvester, house
pianager; Ken Lewis, resident as
fclstant; and Jerry Haserot, sports
chairman.
Alpha Sigma Phi has announced
the election of new house officers
for next term. They are: Bill Gon
ser, president: Dick McLean, vice
president; Boh Dolton, secretary;
Keith Mulrooncy, scribe; Bruce
Lancton, pledge captain; Ed Ward,
rushing chairman; John Sisson, so
cial chairman; Pete Sylvester, house
pianager; Ken Lewis, resident as
fclstant; and Jerry Haserot, sports
chairman.
Alpha Sigma Phi has announced
the election of new house officers
for next term. They are: Bill Gon
ser, president: Dick McLean, vice
president; Boh Dolton, secretary;
Keith Mulrooncy, scribe; Bruce
Lancton, pledge captain; Ed Ward,
rushing chairman; John Sisson, so
cial chairman; Pete Sylvester, house
pianager; Ken Lewis, resident as
fclstant; and Jerry Haserot, sports
chairman.
Alpha Sigma Phi has announced
the election of new house officers
for next term. They are: Bill Gon
ser, president: Dick McLean, vice
president; Boh Dolton, secretary;
Keith Mulrooncy, scribe; Bruce
Lancton, pledge captain; Ed Ward,
rushing chairman; John Sisson, so
cial chairman; Pete Sylvester, house
pianager; Ken Lewis, resident as
fclstant; and Jerry Haserot, sports
chairman.
Alpha Sigma Phi has announced
the election of new house officers
for next term. They are: Bill Gon
ser, president: Dick McLean, vice
president; Boh Dolton, secretary;
Keith Mulrooncy, scribe; Bruce
Lancton, pledge captain; Ed Ward,
rushing chairman; John Sisson, so
cial chairman; Pete Sylvester, house
pianager; Ken Lewis, resident as
fclstant; and Jerry Haserot, sports
chairman.
Alpha Sigma Phi has announced
the election of new house officers
for next term. They are: Bill Gon
ser, president: Dick McLean, vice
president; Boh Dolton, secretary;
Keith Mulrooncy, scribe; Bruce
Lancton, pledge captain; Ed Ward,
rushing chairman; John Sisson, so
cial chairman; Pete Sylvester, house
pianager; Ken Lewis, resident as
fclstant; and Jerry Haserot, sports
chairman.
Alpha Sigma Phi has announced
the election of new house officers
for next term. They are: Bill Gon
ser, president: Dick McLean, vice
president; Boh Dolton, secretary;
Keith Mulrooncy, scribe; Bruce
Lancton, pledge captain; Ed Ward,
rushing chairman; John Sisson, so
cial chairman; Pete Sylvester, house
pianager; Ken Lewis, resident as
fclstant; and Jerry Haserot, sports
chairman.
Alpha Sigma Phi has announced
the election of new house officers
for next term. They are: Bill Gon
ser, president: Dick McLean, vice
president; Boh Dolton, secretary;
Keith Mulrooncy, scribe; Bruce
Lancton, pledge captain; Ed Ward,
rushing chairman; John Sisson, so
cial chairman; Pete Sylvester, house
pianager; Ken Lewis, resident as
fclstant; and Jerry Haserot, sports
chairman.
Alpha Sigma Phi has announced
the election of new house officers
for next term. They are: Bill Gon
ser, president: Dick McLean, vice
president; Boh Dolton, secretary;
Keith Mulrooncy, scribe; Bruce
Lancton, pledge captain; Ed Ward,
rushing chairman; John Sisson, so
cial chairman; Pete Sylvester, house
pianager; Ken Lewis, resident as
fclstant; and Jerry Haserot, sports
chairman.
Alpha Sigma Phi has announced
the election of new house officers
for next term. They are: Bill Gon
ser, president: Dick McLean, vice
president; Boh Dolton, secretary;
Keith Mulrooncy, scribe; Bruce
Lancton, pledge captain; Ed Ward,
rushing chairman; John Sisson, so
cial chairman; Pete Sylvester, house
pianager; Ken Lewis, resident as
fclstant; and Jerry Haserot, sports
chairman.
Alpha Sigma Phi has announced
the election of new house officers
for next term. They are: Bill Gon
ser, president: Dick McLean, vice
president; Boh Dolton, secretary;
Keith Mulrooncy, scribe; Bruce
Lancton, pledge captain; Ed Ward,
rushing chairman; John Sisson, so
cial chairman; Pete Sylvester, house
pianager; Ken Lewis, resident as
fclstant; and Jerry Haserot, sports
chairman.
Alpha Sigma Phi has announced
the election of new house officers
for next term. They are: Bill Gon
ser, president: Dick McLean, vice
president; Boh Dolton, secretary;
Keith Mulrooncy, scribe; Bruce
Lancton, pledge captain; Ed Ward,
rushing chairman; John Sisson, so
cial chairman; Pete Sylvester, house
pianager; Ken Lewis, resident as
fclstant; and Jerry Haserot, sports
chairman.
