# Seniors to Enter Team in Marathon.
## 
### 
At a meeting of the Senior class
this afternoon in room 68, it was de
cided to enter a relay team in the
Marathon race on St. Patrick's Day,
March 17. Thirty-one men have signed
up, but this does not complete the
list, as a great many men not at to
day's meeting have signified their in
tention of trying for the team. All
men in the 1909 class who wish to
tryout should hand their names to
e:'ther C. Coonan or C. B. Bradford.
At a meeting of the Senior class
this afternoon in room 68, it was de
cided to enter a relay team in the
Marathon race on St. Patrick's Day,
March 17. Thirty-one men have signed
up, but this does not complete the
list, as a great many men not at to
day's meeting have signified their in
tention of trying for the team. All
men in the 1909 class who wish to
tryout should hand their names to
e:'ther C. Coonan or C. B. Bradford.
At a meeting of the Senior class
this afternoon in room 68, it was de
cided to enter a relay team in the
Marathon race on St. Patrick's Day,
March 17. Thirty-one men have signed
up, but this does not complete the
list, as a great many men not at to
day's meeting have signified their in
tention of trying for the team. All
men in the 1909 class who wish to
tryout should hand their names to
e:'ther C. Coonan or C. B. Bradford.
At a meeting of the Senior class
this afternoon in room 68, it was de
cided to enter a relay team in the
Marathon race on St. Patrick's Day,
March 17. Thirty-one men have signed
up, but this does not complete the
list, as a great many men not at to
day's meeting have signified their in
tention of trying for the team. All
men in the 1909 class who wish to
tryout should hand their names to
e:'ther C. Coonan or C. B. Bradford.
At a meeting of the Senior class
this afternoon in room 68, it was de
cided to enter a relay team in the
Marathon race on St. Patrick's Day,
March 17. Thirty-one men have signed
up, but this does not complete the
list, as a great many men not at to
day's meeting have signified their in
tention of trying for the team. All
men in the 1909 class who wish to
tryout should hand their names to
e:'ther C. Coonan or C. B. Bradford.
At a meeting of the Senior class
this afternoon in room 68, it was de
cided to enter a relay team in the
Marathon race on St. Patrick's Day,
March 17. Thirty-one men have signed
up, but this does not complete the
list, as a great many men not at to
day's meeting have signified their in
tention of trying for the team. All
men in the 1909 class who wish to
tryout should hand their names to
e:'ther C. Coonan or C. B. Bradford.
At a meeting of the Senior class
this afternoon in room 68, it was de
cided to enter a relay team in the
Marathon race on St. Patrick's Day,
March 17. Thirty-one men have signed
up, but this does not complete the
list, as a great many men not at to
day's meeting have signified their in
tention of trying for the team. All
men in the 1909 class who wish to
tryout should hand their names to
e:'ther C. Coonan or C. B. Bradford.
At a meeting of the Senior class
this afternoon in room 68, it was de
cided to enter a relay team in the
Marathon race on St. Patrick's Day,
March 17. Thirty-one men have signed
up, but this does not complete the
list, as a great many men not at to
day's meeting have signified their in
tention of trying for the team. All
men in the 1909 class who wish to
tryout should hand their names to
e:'ther C. Coonan or C. B. Bradford.
At a meeting of the Senior class
this afternoon in room 68, it was de
cided to enter a relay team in the
Marathon race on St. Patrick's Day,
March 17. Thirty-one men have signed
up, but this does not complete the
list, as a great many men not at to
day's meeting have signified their in
tention of trying for the team. All
men in the 1909 class who wish to
tryout should hand their names to
e:'ther C. Coonan or C. B. Bradford.
At a meeting of the Senior class
this afternoon in room 68, it was de
cided to enter a relay team in the
Marathon race on St. Patrick's Day,
March 17. Thirty-one men have signed
up, but this does not complete the
list, as a great many men not at to
day's meeting have signified their in
tention of trying for the team. All
men in the 1909 class who wish to
tryout should hand their names to
e:'ther C. Coonan or C. B. Bradford.
