# Rare Japanese Prints on Exhibition,
## 
### 
Under tlie auspices of the Art Club
a rare collection of Japanese prints,
the property of Dr. .). M. Stillman, is
on exhibition in the old studio. The
collection is one of the most noted
and complete 011 the Pacific Coas\
find comprises street and town scenes,
landscapes, portraits of actors and
actresses and New Year's cards. These
works are by such noted artists as
llarunabu, whose paintings date from
1718; Utamoro, Moron Ã¼bo, Hokusai,
Toyokuni Kumisada and Hiroshige.
Prints by Harunabo are very difficult
to obtain. The prints are made from
wood blocks, by hand, and each color
011 the print represents a separate
block.
The prints will be 011 exhibition
daily from 1 to 5 o'clock until March
10.
