# More Letters for Crew Men.
## 
### 
The Executive Committee convened
just long enough last evening to make
;i minor change in the granting of
letters to crew men this semester. As
an added incentive to the oarsmen, it
was decided to award four German
"S's" to crew substitutes instead of
only two, as lias been the past cus
tom. Such a decision was considered
advisable as a means of assuring <i
strong second four with which to give
lite Varsity the best possible prelim
inary practice.
The Executive Committee convened
just long enough last evening to make
;i minor change in the granting of
letters to crew men this semester. As
an added incentive to the oarsmen, it
was decided to award four German
"S's" to crew substitutes instead of
only two, as lias been the past cus
tom. Such a decision was considered
advisable as a means of assuring <i
strong second four with which to give
lite Varsity the best possible prelim
inary practice.
The Executive Committee convened
just long enough last evening to make
;i minor change in the granting of
letters to crew men this semester. As
an added incentive to the oarsmen, it
was decided to award four German
"S's" to crew substitutes instead of
only two, as lias been the past cus
tom. Such a decision was considered
advisable as a means of assuring <i
strong second four with which to give
lite Varsity the best possible prelim
inary practice.
The Executive Committee convened
just long enough last evening to make
;i minor change in the granting of
letters to crew men this semester. As
an added incentive to the oarsmen, it
was decided to award four German
"S's" to crew substitutes instead of
only two, as lias been the past cus
tom. Such a decision was considered
advisable as a means of assuring <i
strong second four with which to give
lite Varsity the best possible prelim
inary practice.
The Executive Committee convened
just long enough last evening to make
;i minor change in the granting of
letters to crew men this semester. As
an added incentive to the oarsmen, it
was decided to award four German
"S's" to crew substitutes instead of
only two, as lias been the past cus
tom. Such a decision was considered
advisable as a means of assuring <i
strong second four with which to give
lite Varsity the best possible prelim
inary practice.
The Executive Committee convened
just long enough last evening to make
;i minor change in the granting of
letters to crew men this semester. As
an added incentive to the oarsmen, it
was decided to award four German
"S's" to crew substitutes instead of
only two, as lias been the past cus
tom. Such a decision was considered
advisable as a means of assuring <i
strong second four with which to give
lite Varsity the best possible prelim
inary practice.
The Executive Committee convened
just long enough last evening to make
;i minor change in the granting of
letters to crew men this semester. As
an added incentive to the oarsmen, it
was decided to award four German
"S's" to crew substitutes instead of
only two, as lias been the past cus
tom. Such a decision was considered
advisable as a means of assuring <i
strong second four with which to give
lite Varsity the best possible prelim
inary practice.
The Executive Committee convened
just long enough last evening to make
;i minor change in the granting of
letters to crew men this semester. As
an added incentive to the oarsmen, it
was decided to award four German
"S's" to crew substitutes instead of
only two, as lias been the past cus
tom. Such a decision was considered
advisable as a means of assuring <i
strong second four with which to give
lite Varsity the best possible prelim
inary practice.
The Executive Committee convened
just long enough last evening to make
;i minor change in the granting of
letters to crew men this semester. As
an added incentive to the oarsmen, it
was decided to award four German
"S's" to crew substitutes instead of
only two, as lias been the past cus
tom. Such a decision was considered
advisable as a means of assuring <i
strong second four with which to give
lite Varsity the best possible prelim
inary practice.
The Executive Committee convened
just long enough last evening to make
;i minor change in the granting of
letters to crew men this semester. As
an added incentive to the oarsmen, it
was decided to award four German
"S's" to crew substitutes instead of
only two, as lias been the past cus
tom. Such a decision was considered
advisable as a means of assuring <i
strong second four with which to give
lite Varsity the best possible prelim
inary practice.
