# Untitled Article
## 
### 
In connection with the news that
h copy of the Buddhist scriptures is
cm the way to our libraiy from tlie
King of Sin hi, the following from
the Brown JI era Id may be of inter
est:
The library bus just received from
the Siamese Consul-Oeneial at New
York, a set in thirtv-ei<?ht volumes
of the Tripitaka, or Buddhist Scrip
tures, presented by the King of
Siam in commemoration of the
twenty-fifth anniversary of his? reign.
The library already possesses the
manuscript of nearly all this great
work, as well as most of tlie v 1
urnea of the l'ali Text Society, and
the addition of this magnificent
piinted ediiion of the i-acred writ
mgs of the Southern Buddhists furn
ishes the library with an excellent
outfit for the study of the original
sources of knowledge in respect to
this "most intellectual of all relig
ions."
In connection with the news that
h copy of the Buddhist scriptures is
cm the way to our libraiy from tlie
King of Sin hi, the following from
the Brown JI era Id may be of inter
est:
The library bus just received from
the Siamese Consul-Oeneial at New
York, a set in thirtv-ei<?ht volumes
of the Tripitaka, or Buddhist Scrip
tures, presented by the King of
Siam in commemoration of the
twenty-fifth anniversary of his? reign.
The library already possesses the
manuscript of nearly all this great
work, as well as most of tlie v 1
urnea of the l'ali Text Society, and
the addition of this magnificent
piinted ediiion of the i-acred writ
mgs of the Southern Buddhists furn
ishes the library with an excellent
outfit for the study of the original
sources of knowledge in respect to
this "most intellectual of all relig
ions."
In connection with the news that
h copy of the Buddhist scriptures is
cm the way to our libraiy from tlie
King of Sin hi, the following from
the Brown JI era Id may be of inter
est:
The library bus just received from
the Siamese Consul-Oeneial at New
York, a set in thirtv-ei<?ht volumes
of the Tripitaka, or Buddhist Scrip
tures, presented by the King of
Siam in commemoration of the
twenty-fifth anniversary of his? reign.
The library already possesses the
manuscript of nearly all this great
work, as well as most of tlie v 1
urnea of the l'ali Text Society, and
the addition of this magnificent
piinted ediiion of the i-acred writ
mgs of the Southern Buddhists furn
ishes the library with an excellent
outfit for the study of the original
sources of knowledge in respect to
this "most intellectual of all relig
ions."
In connection with the news that
h copy of the Buddhist scriptures is
cm the way to our libraiy from tlie
King of Sin hi, the following from
the Brown JI era Id may be of inter
est:
The library bus just received from
the Siamese Consul-Oeneial at New
York, a set in thirtv-ei<?ht volumes
of the Tripitaka, or Buddhist Scrip
tures, presented by the King of
Siam in commemoration of the
twenty-fifth anniversary of his? reign.
The library already possesses the
manuscript of nearly all this great
work, as well as most of tlie v 1
urnea of the l'ali Text Society, and
the addition of this magnificent
piinted ediiion of the i-acred writ
mgs of the Southern Buddhists furn
ishes the library with an excellent
outfit for the study of the original
sources of knowledge in respect to
this "most intellectual of all relig
ions."
