# Scoreboard sadness
## 
### 
Dejected Stanford linebacker Mike Noble leaves Stanford Stadium
after the Washington State University Cougars roared from behind
with 42 second-half points to beat the Cardinal, 49-42. The loss,

which shocked thousands of fans who left the stadium with Stanford
comfortably ahead, dropped the Card to 1-3 in the Pacific 10 Con
ference and 3-4 overall.

Dejected Stanford linebacker Mike Noble leaves Stanford Stadium
after the Washington State University Cougars roared from behind
with 42 second-half points to beat the Cardinal, 49-42. The loss,

which shocked thousands of fans who left the stadium with Stanford
comfortably ahead, dropped the Card to 1-3 in the Pacific 10 Con
ference and 3-4 overall.

Dejected Stanford linebacker Mike Noble leaves Stanford Stadium
after the Washington State University Cougars roared from behind
with 42 second-half points to beat the Cardinal, 49-42. The loss,

which shocked thousands of fans who left the stadium with Stanford
comfortably ahead, dropped the Card to 1-3 in the Pacific 10 Con
ference and 3-4 overall.

Dejected Stanford linebacker Mike Noble leaves Stanford Stadium
after the Washington State University Cougars roared from behind
with 42 second-half points to beat the Cardinal, 49-42. The loss,

which shocked thousands of fans who left the stadium with Stanford
comfortably ahead, dropped the Card to 1-3 in the Pacific 10 Con
ference and 3-4 overall.

Dejected Stanford linebacker Mike Noble leaves Stanford Stadium
after the Washington State University Cougars roared from behind
with 42 second-half points to beat the Cardinal, 49-42. The loss,

which shocked thousands of fans who left the stadium with Stanford
comfortably ahead, dropped the Card to 1-3 in the Pacific 10 Con
ference and 3-4 overall.

Dejected Stanford linebacker Mike Noble leaves Stanford Stadium
after the Washington State University Cougars roared from behind
with 42 second-half points to beat the Cardinal, 49-42. The loss,

which shocked thousands of fans who left the stadium with Stanford
comfortably ahead, dropped the Card to 1-3 in the Pacific 10 Con
ference and 3-4 overall.

Dejected Stanford linebacker Mike Noble leaves Stanford Stadium
after the Washington State University Cougars roared from behind
with 42 second-half points to beat the Cardinal, 49-42. The loss,

which shocked thousands of fans who left the stadium with Stanford
comfortably ahead, dropped the Card to 1-3 in the Pacific 10 Con
ference and 3-4 overall.

Dejected Stanford linebacker Mike Noble leaves Stanford Stadium
after the Washington State University Cougars roared from behind
with 42 second-half points to beat the Cardinal, 49-42. The loss,

which shocked thousands of fans who left the stadium with Stanford
comfortably ahead, dropped the Card to 1-3 in the Pacific 10 Con
ference and 3-4 overall.

