# Adv. 5 Page 3
## 
### 
LOST THAT KEY?
Your Car, Trunk
or
Suitcase
keys replaced
Speci.il Student Rates
open 24 hours
B-B LOCKSMITH
545 Santa Cruz DA 2-9456
ACME
GLASS
Company
• MIRRORS
o AUTO CLASS
635 Emerson St.
Pnlo Alto DA 3-4127
LOST THAT KEY?
Your Car, Trunk
or
Suitcase
keys replaced
Speci.il Student Rates
open 24 hours
B-B LOCKSMITH
545 Santa Cruz DA 2-9456
ACME
GLASS
Company
• MIRRORS
o AUTO CLASS
635 Emerson St.
Pnlo Alto DA 3-4127
LOST THAT KEY?
Your Car, Trunk
or
Suitcase
keys replaced
Speci.il Student Rates
open 24 hours
B-B LOCKSMITH
545 Santa Cruz DA 2-9456
ACME
GLASS
Company
• MIRRORS
o AUTO CLASS
635 Emerson St.
Pnlo Alto DA 3-4127
LOST THAT KEY?
Your Car, Trunk
or
Suitcase
keys replaced
Speci.il Student Rates
open 24 hours
B-B LOCKSMITH
545 Santa Cruz DA 2-9456
ACME
GLASS
Company
• MIRRORS
o AUTO CLASS
635 Emerson St.
Pnlo Alto DA 3-4127
LOST THAT KEY?
Your Car, Trunk
or
Suitcase
keys replaced
Speci.il Student Rates
open 24 hours
B-B LOCKSMITH
545 Santa Cruz DA 2-9456
ACME
GLASS
Company
• MIRRORS
o AUTO CLASS
635 Emerson St.
Pnlo Alto DA 3-4127
LOST THAT KEY?
Your Car, Trunk
or
Suitcase
keys replaced
Speci.il Student Rates
open 24 hours
B-B LOCKSMITH
545 Santa Cruz DA 2-9456
ACME
GLASS
Company
• MIRRORS
o AUTO CLASS
635 Emerson St.
Pnlo Alto DA 3-4127
LOST THAT KEY?
Your Car, Trunk
or
Suitcase
keys replaced
Speci.il Student Rates
open 24 hours
B-B LOCKSMITH
545 Santa Cruz DA 2-9456
ACME
GLASS
Company
• MIRRORS
o AUTO CLASS
635 Emerson St.
Pnlo Alto DA 3-4127
LOST THAT KEY?
Your Car, Trunk
or
Suitcase
keys replaced
Speci.il Student Rates
open 24 hours
B-B LOCKSMITH
545 Santa Cruz DA 2-9456
ACME
GLASS
Company
• MIRRORS
o AUTO CLASS
635 Emerson St.
Pnlo Alto DA 3-4127
LOST THAT KEY?
Your Car, Trunk
or
Suitcase
keys replaced
Speci.il Student Rates
open 24 hours
B-B LOCKSMITH
545 Santa Cruz DA 2-9456
ACME
GLASS
Company
• MIRRORS
o AUTO CLASS
635 Emerson St.
Pnlo Alto DA 3-4127
LOST THAT KEY?
Your Car, Trunk
or
Suitcase
keys replaced
Speci.il Student Rates
open 24 hours
B-B LOCKSMITH
545 Santa Cruz DA 2-9456
ACME
GLASS
Company
• MIRRORS
o AUTO CLASS
635 Emerson St.
Pnlo Alto DA 3-4127
LOST THAT KEY?
Your Car, Trunk
or
Suitcase
keys replaced
Speci.il Student Rates
open 24 hours
B-B LOCKSMITH
545 Santa Cruz DA 2-9456
ACME
GLASS
Company
• MIRRORS
o AUTO CLASS
635 Emerson St.
Pnlo Alto DA 3-4127
LOST THAT KEY?
Your Car, Trunk
or
Suitcase
keys replaced
Speci.il Student Rates
open 24 hours
B-B LOCKSMITH
545 Santa Cruz DA 2-9456
ACME
GLASS
Company
• MIRRORS
o AUTO CLASS
635 Emerson St.
Pnlo Alto DA 3-4127
LOST THAT KEY?
Your Car, Trunk
or
Suitcase
keys replaced
Speci.il Student Rates
open 24 hours
B-B LOCKSMITH
545 Santa Cruz DA 2-9456
ACME
GLASS
Company
• MIRRORS
o AUTO CLASS
635 Emerson St.
Pnlo Alto DA 3-4127
LOST THAT KEY?
Your Car, Trunk
or
Suitcase
keys replaced
Speci.il Student Rates
open 24 hours
B-B LOCKSMITH
545 Santa Cruz DA 2-9456
ACME
GLASS
Company
• MIRRORS
o AUTO CLASS
635 Emerson St.
Pnlo Alto DA 3-4127
LOST THAT KEY?
Your Car, Trunk
or
Suitcase
keys replaced
Speci.il Student Rates
open 24 hours
B-B LOCKSMITH
545 Santa Cruz DA 2-9456
ACME
GLASS
Company
• MIRRORS
o AUTO CLASS
635 Emerson St.
Pnlo Alto DA 3-4127
LOST THAT KEY?
Your Car, Trunk
or
Suitcase
keys replaced
Speci.il Student Rates
open 24 hours
B-B LOCKSMITH
545 Santa Cruz DA 2-9456
ACME
GLASS
Company
• MIRRORS
o AUTO CLASS
635 Emerson St.
Pnlo Alto DA 3-4127
