# SENIOR ANNOUNCEMENTS
## 
### 
Friday is the deadline for ordei -
ing senior programs and aniiouwe
ments. They are available at the
stationery department of the Book
store.
Friday is the deadline for ordei -
ing senior programs and aniiouwe
ments. They are available at the
stationery department of the Book
store.
Friday is the deadline for ordei -
ing senior programs and aniiouwe
ments. They are available at the
stationery department of the Book
store.
Friday is the deadline for ordei -
ing senior programs and aniiouwe
ments. They are available at the
stationery department of the Book
store.
Friday is the deadline for ordei -
ing senior programs and aniiouwe
ments. They are available at the
stationery department of the Book
store.
Friday is the deadline for ordei -
ing senior programs and aniiouwe
ments. They are available at the
stationery department of the Book
store.
Friday is the deadline for ordei -
ing senior programs and aniiouwe
ments. They are available at the
stationery department of the Book
store.
Friday is the deadline for ordei -
ing senior programs and aniiouwe
ments. They are available at the
stationery department of the Book
store.
Friday is the deadline for ordei -
ing senior programs and aniiouwe
ments. They are available at the
stationery department of the Book
store.
Friday is the deadline for ordei -
ing senior programs and aniiouwe
ments. They are available at the
stationery department of the Book
store.
Friday is the deadline for ordei -
ing senior programs and aniiouwe
ments. They are available at the
stationery department of the Book
store.
Friday is the deadline for ordei -
ing senior programs and aniiouwe
ments. They are available at the
stationery department of the Book
store.
Friday is the deadline for ordei -
ing senior programs and aniiouwe
ments. They are available at the
stationery department of the Book
store.
Friday is the deadline for ordei -
ing senior programs and aniiouwe
ments. They are available at the
stationery department of the Book
store.
Friday is the deadline for ordei -
ing senior programs and aniiouwe
ments. They are available at the
stationery department of the Book
store.
Friday is the deadline for ordei -
ing senior programs and aniiouwe
ments. They are available at the
stationery department of the Book
store.
