# CONTENTS OF CORNERSTONE.
## List of Articles Placed in the Sealed Bronze Receptacle in the Library Walls. 
### 
The following is the official list
of the articles placed in the corner
stone of the new Library: Photo
graphs of Mrs. Stanford, Governor
Stanford, and Leland Stanford Jr.;
University Register; Directory of
Students; Alumni Directory; sched
ule of studies; earlier addresses of
Mrs. Stanford; the '06 Quad: latest
issues of the Stanford Alumnus, the
Stanford Sequoia, and the Chapar
ral; latest issues of the Palo Alto
Times, and the Palo Allan; issues of
the Call, the Examiner, the Chron
icle, and the Mercury for May 15,
1905; the Daily Palo Alto issues
of May 9th and 12th; students'
autographs; library blanks and
forms; program of the cornerstone
exercises; report of the Board of
Trustees on the organization of the
faculty; the coins issued by the San
Francisco mint during 1905; Mrs.
Stanford's address; speeches by Dr.
David S. Jordan, A. R. Fletcher,
Rev. Cecil Marrack, 1). D. Sales, M.
G. Dodge; the plan of organization
of the university; card of the super
vising architect, Charles E. Hodges.
The following is the official list
of the articles placed in the corner
stone of the new Library: Photo
graphs of Mrs. Stanford, Governor
Stanford, and Leland Stanford Jr.;
University Register; Directory of
Students; Alumni Directory; sched
ule of studies; earlier addresses of
Mrs. Stanford; the '06 Quad: latest
issues of the Stanford Alumnus, the
Stanford Sequoia, and the Chapar
ral; latest issues of the Palo Alto
Times, and the Palo Allan; issues of
the Call, the Examiner, the Chron
icle, and the Mercury for May 15,
1905; the Daily Palo Alto issues
of May 9th and 12th; students'
autographs; library blanks and
forms; program of the cornerstone
exercises; report of the Board of
Trustees on the organization of the
faculty; the coins issued by the San
Francisco mint during 1905; Mrs.
Stanford's address; speeches by Dr.
David S. Jordan, A. R. Fletcher,
Rev. Cecil Marrack, 1). D. Sales, M.
G. Dodge; the plan of organization
of the university; card of the super
vising architect, Charles E. Hodges.
The following is the official list
of the articles placed in the corner
stone of the new Library: Photo
graphs of Mrs. Stanford, Governor
Stanford, and Leland Stanford Jr.;
University Register; Directory of
Students; Alumni Directory; sched
ule of studies; earlier addresses of
Mrs. Stanford; the '06 Quad: latest
issues of the Stanford Alumnus, the
Stanford Sequoia, and the Chapar
ral; latest issues of the Palo Alto
Times, and the Palo Allan; issues of
the Call, the Examiner, the Chron
icle, and the Mercury for May 15,
1905; the Daily Palo Alto issues
of May 9th and 12th; students'
autographs; library blanks and
forms; program of the cornerstone
exercises; report of the Board of
Trustees on the organization of the
faculty; the coins issued by the San
Francisco mint during 1905; Mrs.
Stanford's address; speeches by Dr.
David S. Jordan, A. R. Fletcher,
Rev. Cecil Marrack, 1). D. Sales, M.
G. Dodge; the plan of organization
of the university; card of the super
vising architect, Charles E. Hodges.
The following is the official list
of the articles placed in the corner
stone of the new Library: Photo
graphs of Mrs. Stanford, Governor
Stanford, and Leland Stanford Jr.;
University Register; Directory of
Students; Alumni Directory; sched
ule of studies; earlier addresses of
Mrs. Stanford; the '06 Quad: latest
issues of the Stanford Alumnus, the
Stanford Sequoia, and the Chapar
ral; latest issues of the Palo Alto
Times, and the Palo Allan; issues of
the Call, the Examiner, the Chron
icle, and the Mercury for May 15,
1905; the Daily Palo Alto issues
of May 9th and 12th; students'
autographs; library blanks and
forms; program of the cornerstone
exercises; report of the Board of
Trustees on the organization of the
faculty; the coins issued by the San
Francisco mint during 1905; Mrs.
Stanford's address; speeches by Dr.
David S. Jordan, A. R. Fletcher,
Rev. Cecil Marrack, 1). D. Sales, M.
G. Dodge; the plan of organization
of the university; card of the super
vising architect, Charles E. Hodges.
The following is the official list
of the articles placed in the corner
stone of the new Library: Photo
graphs of Mrs. Stanford, Governor
Stanford, and Leland Stanford Jr.;
University Register; Directory of
Students; Alumni Directory; sched
ule of studies; earlier addresses of
Mrs. Stanford; the '06 Quad: latest
issues of the Stanford Alumnus, the
Stanford Sequoia, and the Chapar
ral; latest issues of the Palo Alto
Times, and the Palo Allan; issues of
the Call, the Examiner, the Chron
icle, and the Mercury for May 15,
1905; the Daily Palo Alto issues
of May 9th and 12th; students'
autographs; library blanks and
forms; program of the cornerstone
exercises; report of the Board of
Trustees on the organization of the
faculty; the coins issued by the San
Francisco mint during 1905; Mrs.
Stanford's address; speeches by Dr.
David S. Jordan, A. R. Fletcher,
Rev. Cecil Marrack, 1). D. Sales, M.
G. Dodge; the plan of organization
of the university; card of the super
vising architect, Charles E. Hodges.
The following is the official list
of the articles placed in the corner
stone of the new Library: Photo
graphs of Mrs. Stanford, Governor
Stanford, and Leland Stanford Jr.;
University Register; Directory of
Students; Alumni Directory; sched
ule of studies; earlier addresses of
Mrs. Stanford; the '06 Quad: latest
issues of the Stanford Alumnus, the
Stanford Sequoia, and the Chapar
ral; latest issues of the Palo Alto
Times, and the Palo Allan; issues of
the Call, the Examiner, the Chron
icle, and the Mercury for May 15,
1905; the Daily Palo Alto issues
of May 9th and 12th; students'
autographs; library blanks and
forms; program of the cornerstone
exercises; report of the Board of
Trustees on the organization of the
faculty; the coins issued by the San
Francisco mint during 1905; Mrs.
Stanford's address; speeches by Dr.
David S. Jordan, A. R. Fletcher,
Rev. Cecil Marrack, 1). D. Sales, M.
G. Dodge; the plan of organization
of the university; card of the super
vising architect, Charles E. Hodges.
The following is the official list
of the articles placed in the corner
stone of the new Library: Photo
graphs of Mrs. Stanford, Governor
Stanford, and Leland Stanford Jr.;
University Register; Directory of
Students; Alumni Directory; sched
ule of studies; earlier addresses of
Mrs. Stanford; the '06 Quad: latest
issues of the Stanford Alumnus, the
Stanford Sequoia, and the Chapar
ral; latest issues of the Palo Alto
Times, and the Palo Allan; issues of
the Call, the Examiner, the Chron
icle, and the Mercury for May 15,
1905; the Daily Palo Alto issues
of May 9th and 12th; students'
autographs; library blanks and
forms; program of the cornerstone
exercises; report of the Board of
Trustees on the organization of the
faculty; the coins issued by the San
Francisco mint during 1905; Mrs.
Stanford's address; speeches by Dr.
David S. Jordan, A. R. Fletcher,
Rev. Cecil Marrack, 1). D. Sales, M.
G. Dodge; the plan of organization
of the university; card of the super
vising architect, Charles E. Hodges.
The following is the official list
of the articles placed in the corner
stone of the new Library: Photo
graphs of Mrs. Stanford, Governor
Stanford, and Leland Stanford Jr.;
University Register; Directory of
Students; Alumni Directory; sched
ule of studies; earlier addresses of
Mrs. Stanford; the '06 Quad: latest
issues of the Stanford Alumnus, the
Stanford Sequoia, and the Chapar
ral; latest issues of the Palo Alto
Times, and the Palo Allan; issues of
the Call, the Examiner, the Chron
icle, and the Mercury for May 15,
1905; the Daily Palo Alto issues
of May 9th and 12th; students'
autographs; library blanks and
forms; program of the cornerstone
exercises; report of the Board of
Trustees on the organization of the
faculty; the coins issued by the San
Francisco mint during 1905; Mrs.
Stanford's address; speeches by Dr.
David S. Jordan, A. R. Fletcher,
Rev. Cecil Marrack, 1). D. Sales, M.
G. Dodge; the plan of organization
of the university; card of the super
vising architect, Charles E. Hodges.
