# Adv. 24 Page 7
## 
### 
Q^^lore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RUNGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Curli/le
«/ JEWELERB
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto,
323-2834
Q^^lore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RUNGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Curli/le
«/ JEWELERB
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto,
323-2834
Q^^lore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RUNGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Curli/le
«/ JEWELERB
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto,
323-2834
Q^^lore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RUNGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Curli/le
«/ JEWELERB
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto,
323-2834
Q^^lore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RUNGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Curli/le
«/ JEWELERB
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto,
323-2834
Q^^lore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RUNGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Curli/le
«/ JEWELERB
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto,
323-2834
Q^^lore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RUNGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Curli/le
«/ JEWELERB
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto,
323-2834
Q^^lore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RUNGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Curli/le
«/ JEWELERB
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto,
323-2834
Q^^lore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RUNGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Curli/le
«/ JEWELERB
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto,
323-2834
Q^^lore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RUNGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Curli/le
«/ JEWELERB
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto,
323-2834
Q^^lore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RUNGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Curli/le
«/ JEWELERB
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto,
323-2834
Q^^lore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RUNGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Curli/le
«/ JEWELERB
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto,
323-2834
Q^^lore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RUNGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Curli/le
«/ JEWELERB
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto,
323-2834
Q^^lore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RUNGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Curli/le
«/ JEWELERB
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto,
323-2834
