# FRENCH PLAYS NET SUM FOR ORPHANS
## 
### 
Stanford response was generous in
answering the appeal of the "Fatherless
Children of France" last evening, when
students, professors, and off-campus res
idents crowded the Little Theatre to the
doors for the French Club plays.
Throughout, the action was lively, and
the lines were clever and bright. George
Nivon, in his character part of "Carbon
nel," was not only gifted but showed
some unusual dramatic ability. Raoul
May, '22, and Dorothy Flfving, '21, play
ing the leading roles in "L'etc dc la
Saint Martin," were well fitted for the
parts, and carried them out well. The
others entered fully itno the spirit of
their various parts.
Stanford response was generous in
answering the appeal of the "Fatherless
Children of France" last evening, when
students, professors, and off-campus res
idents crowded the Little Theatre to the
doors for the French Club plays.
Throughout, the action was lively, and
the lines were clever and bright. George
Nivon, in his character part of "Carbon
nel," was not only gifted but showed
some unusual dramatic ability. Raoul
May, '22, and Dorothy Flfving, '21, play
ing the leading roles in "L'etc dc la
Saint Martin," were well fitted for the
parts, and carried them out well. The
others entered fully itno the spirit of
their various parts.
Stanford response was generous in
answering the appeal of the "Fatherless
Children of France" last evening, when
students, professors, and off-campus res
idents crowded the Little Theatre to the
doors for the French Club plays.
Throughout, the action was lively, and
the lines were clever and bright. George
Nivon, in his character part of "Carbon
nel," was not only gifted but showed
some unusual dramatic ability. Raoul
May, '22, and Dorothy Flfving, '21, play
ing the leading roles in "L'etc dc la
Saint Martin," were well fitted for the
parts, and carried them out well. The
others entered fully itno the spirit of
their various parts.
Stanford response was generous in
answering the appeal of the "Fatherless
Children of France" last evening, when
students, professors, and off-campus res
idents crowded the Little Theatre to the
doors for the French Club plays.
Throughout, the action was lively, and
the lines were clever and bright. George
Nivon, in his character part of "Carbon
nel," was not only gifted but showed
some unusual dramatic ability. Raoul
May, '22, and Dorothy Flfving, '21, play
ing the leading roles in "L'etc dc la
Saint Martin," were well fitted for the
parts, and carried them out well. The
others entered fully itno the spirit of
their various parts.
Stanford response was generous in
answering the appeal of the "Fatherless
Children of France" last evening, when
students, professors, and off-campus res
idents crowded the Little Theatre to the
doors for the French Club plays.
Throughout, the action was lively, and
the lines were clever and bright. George
Nivon, in his character part of "Carbon
nel," was not only gifted but showed
some unusual dramatic ability. Raoul
May, '22, and Dorothy Flfving, '21, play
ing the leading roles in "L'etc dc la
Saint Martin," were well fitted for the
parts, and carried them out well. The
others entered fully itno the spirit of
their various parts.
Stanford response was generous in
answering the appeal of the "Fatherless
Children of France" last evening, when
students, professors, and off-campus res
idents crowded the Little Theatre to the
doors for the French Club plays.
Throughout, the action was lively, and
the lines were clever and bright. George
Nivon, in his character part of "Carbon
nel," was not only gifted but showed
some unusual dramatic ability. Raoul
May, '22, and Dorothy Flfving, '21, play
ing the leading roles in "L'etc dc la
Saint Martin," were well fitted for the
parts, and carried them out well. The
others entered fully itno the spirit of
their various parts.
Stanford response was generous in
answering the appeal of the "Fatherless
Children of France" last evening, when
students, professors, and off-campus res
idents crowded the Little Theatre to the
doors for the French Club plays.
Throughout, the action was lively, and
the lines were clever and bright. George
Nivon, in his character part of "Carbon
nel," was not only gifted but showed
some unusual dramatic ability. Raoul
May, '22, and Dorothy Flfving, '21, play
ing the leading roles in "L'etc dc la
Saint Martin," were well fitted for the
parts, and carried them out well. The
others entered fully itno the spirit of
their various parts.
Stanford response was generous in
answering the appeal of the "Fatherless
Children of France" last evening, when
students, professors, and off-campus res
idents crowded the Little Theatre to the
doors for the French Club plays.
Throughout, the action was lively, and
the lines were clever and bright. George
Nivon, in his character part of "Carbon
nel," was not only gifted but showed
some unusual dramatic ability. Raoul
May, '22, and Dorothy Flfving, '21, play
ing the leading roles in "L'etc dc la
Saint Martin," were well fitted for the
parts, and carried them out well. The
others entered fully itno the spirit of
their various parts.
Stanford response was generous in
answering the appeal of the "Fatherless
Children of France" last evening, when
students, professors, and off-campus res
idents crowded the Little Theatre to the
doors for the French Club plays.
Throughout, the action was lively, and
the lines were clever and bright. George
Nivon, in his character part of "Carbon
nel," was not only gifted but showed
some unusual dramatic ability. Raoul
May, '22, and Dorothy Flfving, '21, play
ing the leading roles in "L'etc dc la
Saint Martin," were well fitted for the
parts, and carried them out well. The
others entered fully itno the spirit of
their various parts.
Stanford response was generous in
answering the appeal of the "Fatherless
Children of France" last evening, when
students, professors, and off-campus res
idents crowded the Little Theatre to the
doors for the French Club plays.
Throughout, the action was lively, and
the lines were clever and bright. George
Nivon, in his character part of "Carbon
nel," was not only gifted but showed
some unusual dramatic ability. Raoul
May, '22, and Dorothy Flfving, '21, play
ing the leading roles in "L'etc dc la
Saint Martin," were well fitted for the
parts, and carried them out well. The
others entered fully itno the spirit of
their various parts.
Stanford response was generous in
answering the appeal of the "Fatherless
Children of France" last evening, when
students, professors, and off-campus res
idents crowded the Little Theatre to the
doors for the French Club plays.
Throughout, the action was lively, and
the lines were clever and bright. George
Nivon, in his character part of "Carbon
nel," was not only gifted but showed
some unusual dramatic ability. Raoul
May, '22, and Dorothy Flfving, '21, play
ing the leading roles in "L'etc dc la
Saint Martin," were well fitted for the
parts, and carried them out well. The
others entered fully itno the spirit of
their various parts.
Stanford response was generous in
answering the appeal of the "Fatherless
Children of France" last evening, when
students, professors, and off-campus res
idents crowded the Little Theatre to the
doors for the French Club plays.
Throughout, the action was lively, and
the lines were clever and bright. George
Nivon, in his character part of "Carbon
nel," was not only gifted but showed
some unusual dramatic ability. Raoul
May, '22, and Dorothy Flfving, '21, play
ing the leading roles in "L'etc dc la
Saint Martin," were well fitted for the
parts, and carried them out well. The
others entered fully itno the spirit of
their various parts.
