# Brotherhood Week Planned
## 
### 
Brotherhood Week, which is in
tended to further understanding
among people of different back
grounds, races and beliefs, will be
Feb. 22 to 28 on the Stanford
campus.
The YWCA and I 111 have ar
ranged a hostel at Big Sur this
weekend for a three day discus
sion on the general topic "Broth
erhood: wishful thinking or prac
tical necessity?"
YWCA 1 u nch e on discussion
next week will consider "Brother
hood" and a showing of Ihe film
"Burden of Truth" is planned.
The YWCA has also arranged tor
a main library display illustrat
ing some facts of racial differ
ences and biases.
Brotherhood Wesk is sponsored
nationally by the National Con
ference of Christians and Jews.
