# WOMEN'S ROW OFFICIOUS
## 
### 
President, Michcle Hedding
secretary • treasurer, Jane Fail
social chairman, Sue Piatt.
President, Michcle Hedding
secretary • treasurer, Jane Fail
social chairman, Sue Piatt.
President, Michcle Hedding
secretary • treasurer, Jane Fail
social chairman, Sue Piatt.
President, Michcle Hedding
secretary • treasurer, Jane Fail
social chairman, Sue Piatt.
President, Michcle Hedding
secretary • treasurer, Jane Fail
social chairman, Sue Piatt.
President, Michcle Hedding
secretary • treasurer, Jane Fail
social chairman, Sue Piatt.
President, Michcle Hedding
secretary • treasurer, Jane Fail
social chairman, Sue Piatt.
President, Michcle Hedding
secretary • treasurer, Jane Fail
social chairman, Sue Piatt.
President, Michcle Hedding
secretary • treasurer, Jane Fail
social chairman, Sue Piatt.
President, Michcle Hedding
secretary • treasurer, Jane Fail
social chairman, Sue Piatt.
President, Michcle Hedding
secretary • treasurer, Jane Fail
social chairman, Sue Piatt.
President, Michcle Hedding
secretary • treasurer, Jane Fail
social chairman, Sue Piatt.
President, Michcle Hedding
secretary • treasurer, Jane Fail
social chairman, Sue Piatt.
President, Michcle Hedding
secretary • treasurer, Jane Fail
social chairman, Sue Piatt.
President, Michcle Hedding
secretary • treasurer, Jane Fail
social chairman, Sue Piatt.
President, Michcle Hedding
secretary • treasurer, Jane Fail
social chairman, Sue Piatt.
President, Michcle Hedding
secretary • treasurer, Jane Fail
social chairman, Sue Piatt.
