# ALCHEMIA NOW IS CHAPTER OF IOTA SIGMA PI
## 
### 
National amalgamation of Alchcmia
and lota Sigma Pi, Chemistry honor
fraternities for women, has made
possible the installation of a chapter
of the latter at Stanford. lota Sigma
Pi has chapters at the universities of
Washington, Oregon. Nevada, and Ne
braska, and will now be represented
in California, U. S. C. and Stanford.
Miss Louisette Aubert, '16, is presi
dent. of the new chapter, with Miss
Carol Jameson, '17, secretary, and
Miss Fannie Stadden, '17, treasurer.
Other members are: Miss Elizabeth
Judah, '17, Miss Alice Williams, '18,
Miss Fleta Williams, '18, and Miss
Antonia Hyatt, '18. Honary members
are: Mrs. PI C. Franklin, Mrs. R. E.
Swain, and Mrs. J. M. Stillman. Miss
Alice Purge, gr., is an associate mem
ber.
