# Professor Pellissier Dies in Somme Attack
## 
### 
Assistant Professor Robert E. Pel
lissier of the French department, was
killed in the attack on Sonine. accord
ing to a telegram received late today
by President Wilbur. Professor Pel
lissier left Stanford to take up arms
for France against the Germans.
Professor Pellissier has been on ex
tended leave of absence from the fac
ulty since IWI4.
Assistant Professor Robert E. Pel
lissier of the French department, was
killed in the attack on Sonine. accord
ing to a telegram received late today
by President Wilbur. Professor Pel
lissier left Stanford to take up arms
for France against the Germans.
Professor Pellissier has been on ex
tended leave of absence from the fac
ulty since IWI4.
Assistant Professor Robert E. Pel
lissier of the French department, was
killed in the attack on Sonine. accord
ing to a telegram received late today
by President Wilbur. Professor Pel
lissier left Stanford to take up arms
for France against the Germans.
Professor Pellissier has been on ex
tended leave of absence from the fac
ulty since IWI4.
Assistant Professor Robert E. Pel
lissier of the French department, was
killed in the attack on Sonine. accord
ing to a telegram received late today
by President Wilbur. Professor Pel
lissier left Stanford to take up arms
for France against the Germans.
Professor Pellissier has been on ex
tended leave of absence from the fac
ulty since IWI4.
Assistant Professor Robert E. Pel
lissier of the French department, was
killed in the attack on Sonine. accord
ing to a telegram received late today
by President Wilbur. Professor Pel
lissier left Stanford to take up arms
for France against the Germans.
Professor Pellissier has been on ex
tended leave of absence from the fac
ulty since IWI4.
Assistant Professor Robert E. Pel
lissier of the French department, was
killed in the attack on Sonine. accord
ing to a telegram received late today
by President Wilbur. Professor Pel
lissier left Stanford to take up arms
for France against the Germans.
Professor Pellissier has been on ex
tended leave of absence from the fac
ulty since IWI4.
Assistant Professor Robert E. Pel
lissier of the French department, was
killed in the attack on Sonine. accord
ing to a telegram received late today
by President Wilbur. Professor Pel
lissier left Stanford to take up arms
for France against the Germans.
Professor Pellissier has been on ex
tended leave of absence from the fac
ulty since IWI4.
Assistant Professor Robert E. Pel
lissier of the French department, was
killed in the attack on Sonine. accord
ing to a telegram received late today
by President Wilbur. Professor Pel
lissier left Stanford to take up arms
for France against the Germans.
Professor Pellissier has been on ex
tended leave of absence from the fac
ulty since IWI4.
Assistant Professor Robert E. Pel
lissier of the French department, was
killed in the attack on Sonine. accord
ing to a telegram received late today
by President Wilbur. Professor Pel
lissier left Stanford to take up arms
for France against the Germans.
Professor Pellissier has been on ex
tended leave of absence from the fac
ulty since IWI4.
Assistant Professor Robert E. Pel
lissier of the French department, was
killed in the attack on Sonine. accord
ing to a telegram received late today
by President Wilbur. Professor Pel
lissier left Stanford to take up arms
for France against the Germans.
Professor Pellissier has been on ex
tended leave of absence from the fac
ulty since IWI4.
Assistant Professor Robert E. Pel
lissier of the French department, was
killed in the attack on Sonine. accord
ing to a telegram received late today
by President Wilbur. Professor Pel
lissier left Stanford to take up arms
for France against the Germans.
Professor Pellissier has been on ex
tended leave of absence from the fac
ulty since IWI4.
Assistant Professor Robert E. Pel
lissier of the French department, was
killed in the attack on Sonine. accord
ing to a telegram received late today
by President Wilbur. Professor Pel
lissier left Stanford to take up arms
for France against the Germans.
Professor Pellissier has been on ex
tended leave of absence from the fac
ulty since IWI4.
Assistant Professor Robert E. Pel
lissier of the French department, was
killed in the attack on Sonine. accord
ing to a telegram received late today
by President Wilbur. Professor Pel
lissier left Stanford to take up arms
for France against the Germans.
Professor Pellissier has been on ex
tended leave of absence from the fac
ulty since IWI4.
Assistant Professor Robert E. Pel
lissier of the French department, was
killed in the attack on Sonine. accord
ing to a telegram received late today
by President Wilbur. Professor Pel
lissier left Stanford to take up arms
for France against the Germans.
Professor Pellissier has been on ex
tended leave of absence from the fac
ulty since IWI4.
