# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The action of the Orchestra in
charging for its services on Junior
Day shows a strange misconception
of the relation that musical organiza
tions should bear to the University.
While it is just and right fora
charge to be made for concerts given
l>y the musical organizations, as the
proceeds of such concerts are neces
sary for the actual running expenses,
the practice of charging on other
occasions should be and is strongly
condemned. Our musical organiza
tions have alwajs been well pup
ported by the University, nud their
prestige and success in concerts out
hide of the campus has been almost
entirely due to the fact that the
organizations were representing

Stanford. Without the use of Stan
ford as their charm, it is doubtful if
they would attain any marked suc
cess, though they possess more than
usual merit. Our musical talent must
bear this fuct in mind. Kesides he
lo}alty which is expected from every
member of the University, this fact
binds those musical organizations*
which give concerts in other places
than on the campus, to a stronger
patriotism and loyalty. But in the
past our musical organizations have
been greatly remiss in showing ap
preciation of the student body sup
port or loyalty to the institution
Instead of offering their services
freely, a mercenary spirit has been
predominant, and such a spirit will
eventually prove the downfall of the
organization which fosters it as its
policy.
The action of the Orchestra in
charging for its services on Junior
Day shows a strange misconception
of the relation that musical organiza
tions should bear to the University.
While it is just and right fora
charge to be made for concerts given
l>y the musical organizations, as the
proceeds of such concerts are neces
sary for the actual running expenses,
the practice of charging on other
occasions should be and is strongly
condemned. Our musical organiza
tions have alwajs been well pup
ported by the University, nud their
prestige and success in concerts out
hide of the campus has been almost
entirely due to the fact that the
organizations were representing

Stanford. Without the use of Stan
ford as their charm, it is doubtful if
they would attain any marked suc
cess, though they possess more than
usual merit. Our musical talent must
bear this fuct in mind. Kesides he
lo}alty which is expected from every
member of the University, this fact
binds those musical organizations*
which give concerts in other places
than on the campus, to a stronger
patriotism and loyalty. But in the
past our musical organizations have
been greatly remiss in showing ap
preciation of the student body sup
port or loyalty to the institution
Instead of offering their services
freely, a mercenary spirit has been
predominant, and such a spirit will
eventually prove the downfall of the
organization which fosters it as its
policy.
The action of the Orchestra in
charging for its services on Junior
Day shows a strange misconception
of the relation that musical organiza
tions should bear to the University.
While it is just and right fora
charge to be made for concerts given
l>y the musical organizations, as the
proceeds of such concerts are neces
sary for the actual running expenses,
the practice of charging on other
occasions should be and is strongly
condemned. Our musical organiza
tions have alwajs been well pup
ported by the University, nud their
prestige and success in concerts out
hide of the campus has been almost
entirely due to the fact that the
organizations were representing

Stanford. Without the use of Stan
ford as their charm, it is doubtful if
they would attain any marked suc
cess, though they possess more than
usual merit. Our musical talent must
bear this fuct in mind. Kesides he
lo}alty which is expected from every
member of the University, this fact
binds those musical organizations*
which give concerts in other places
than on the campus, to a stronger
patriotism and loyalty. But in the
past our musical organizations have
been greatly remiss in showing ap
preciation of the student body sup
port or loyalty to the institution
Instead of offering their services
freely, a mercenary spirit has been
predominant, and such a spirit will
eventually prove the downfall of the
organization which fosters it as its
policy.
The action of the Orchestra in
charging for its services on Junior
Day shows a strange misconception
of the relation that musical organiza
tions should bear to the University.
While it is just and right fora
charge to be made for concerts given
l>y the musical organizations, as the
proceeds of such concerts are neces
sary for the actual running expenses,
the practice of charging on other
occasions should be and is strongly
condemned. Our musical organiza
tions have alwajs been well pup
ported by the University, nud their
prestige and success in concerts out
hide of the campus has been almost
entirely due to the fact that the
organizations were representing

Stanford. Without the use of Stan
ford as their charm, it is doubtful if
they would attain any marked suc
cess, though they possess more than
usual merit. Our musical talent must
bear this fuct in mind. Kesides he
lo}alty which is expected from every
member of the University, this fact
binds those musical organizations*
which give concerts in other places
than on the campus, to a stronger
patriotism and loyalty. But in the
past our musical organizations have
been greatly remiss in showing ap
preciation of the student body sup
port or loyalty to the institution
Instead of offering their services
freely, a mercenary spirit has been
predominant, and such a spirit will
eventually prove the downfall of the
organization which fosters it as its
policy.
