# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Harvard faculty have forbidden
football contests with Yale, and re
stricted other panics to the college
grounds. The outcome of next ) ear's
season will probably determine the
question of football with Harvard.
The Harvard faculty have forbidden
football contests with Yale, and re
stricted other panics to the college
grounds. The outcome of next ) ear's
season will probably determine the
question of football with Harvard.
The Harvard faculty have forbidden
football contests with Yale, and re
stricted other panics to the college
grounds. The outcome of next ) ear's
season will probably determine the
question of football with Harvard.
The Harvard faculty have forbidden
football contests with Yale, and re
stricted other panics to the college
grounds. The outcome of next ) ear's
season will probably determine the
question of football with Harvard.
