# W.A.A. WILL PROVIDE BUSSES FOR SPORTS MEET AT BERKELEY
## 
### 
Women who wish to attend the Tri
angular Sports Day at Berkeley Sat
urday morning may still sign up for it
at the Roble gymnasium, according to
Margaret Owen, who is in charge of
arrangements for Stanford's attend
ance. Mills, California, and Stanford
are each to be represented by sixty
women.
Busses, which are provided by
W.A.A., will leave the campus at 6:30
o'clock Saturday morning to take the
contestants to Berkeley. They are
scheduled to reach there at 9 o'clock.
The women will be placed in squads
of thirty, each made up of ten women
from each university. Squad leaders
will be chosen in advance, two from
each institution.
The major sports for the day are
hockey, swimming, tennis, and volley
ball. Teams for these will be made up
of women from the three universities
in equal representation. In addition
there will be free swimming all morn
ing, and informal games.
