# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Students from the South at Columbia
University are organized into a
club.
Students from the South at Columbia
University are organized into a
club.
Students from the South at Columbia
University are organized into a
club.
Students from the South at Columbia
University are organized into a
club.
Students from the South at Columbia
University are organized into a
club.
Students from the South at Columbia
University are organized into a
club.
Students from the South at Columbia
University are organized into a
club.
Students from the South at Columbia
University are organized into a
club.
Students from the South at Columbia
University are organized into a
club.
Students from the South at Columbia
University are organized into a
club.
Students from the South at Columbia
University are organized into a
club.
Students from the South at Columbia
University are organized into a
club.
Students from the South at Columbia
University are organized into a
club.
Students from the South at Columbia
University are organized into a
club.
Students from the South at Columbia
University are organized into a
club.
