# No Repairs Planned for West Bank of Lagunita
## 
### 
No repairs willfbe made on the west
side of Lake Lagunita this fall unless
had breaks suddenly develop, declares
Comptroller A. 10. Roth. Severnl leaks
were reported last fall, but so far
nothing in the way of a serious break
lian been notlrorl
No repairs willfbe made on the west
side of Lake Lagunita this fall unless
had breaks suddenly develop, declares
Comptroller A. 10. Roth. Severnl leaks
were reported last fall, but so far
nothing in the way of a serious break
lian been notlrorl
No repairs willfbe made on the west
side of Lake Lagunita this fall unless
had breaks suddenly develop, declares
Comptroller A. 10. Roth. Severnl leaks
were reported last fall, but so far
nothing in the way of a serious break
lian been notlrorl
No repairs willfbe made on the west
side of Lake Lagunita this fall unless
had breaks suddenly develop, declares
Comptroller A. 10. Roth. Severnl leaks
were reported last fall, but so far
nothing in the way of a serious break
lian been notlrorl
No repairs willfbe made on the west
side of Lake Lagunita this fall unless
had breaks suddenly develop, declares
Comptroller A. 10. Roth. Severnl leaks
were reported last fall, but so far
nothing in the way of a serious break
lian been notlrorl
No repairs willfbe made on the west
side of Lake Lagunita this fall unless
had breaks suddenly develop, declares
Comptroller A. 10. Roth. Severnl leaks
were reported last fall, but so far
nothing in the way of a serious break
lian been notlrorl
No repairs willfbe made on the west
side of Lake Lagunita this fall unless
had breaks suddenly develop, declares
Comptroller A. 10. Roth. Severnl leaks
were reported last fall, but so far
nothing in the way of a serious break
lian been notlrorl
No repairs willfbe made on the west
side of Lake Lagunita this fall unless
had breaks suddenly develop, declares
Comptroller A. 10. Roth. Severnl leaks
were reported last fall, but so far
nothing in the way of a serious break
lian been notlrorl
No repairs willfbe made on the west
side of Lake Lagunita this fall unless
had breaks suddenly develop, declares
Comptroller A. 10. Roth. Severnl leaks
were reported last fall, but so far
nothing in the way of a serious break
lian been notlrorl
No repairs willfbe made on the west
side of Lake Lagunita this fall unless
had breaks suddenly develop, declares
Comptroller A. 10. Roth. Severnl leaks
were reported last fall, but so far
nothing in the way of a serious break
lian been notlrorl
No repairs willfbe made on the west
side of Lake Lagunita this fall unless
had breaks suddenly develop, declares
Comptroller A. 10. Roth. Severnl leaks
were reported last fall, but so far
nothing in the way of a serious break
lian been notlrorl
No repairs willfbe made on the west
side of Lake Lagunita this fall unless
had breaks suddenly develop, declares
Comptroller A. 10. Roth. Severnl leaks
were reported last fall, but so far
nothing in the way of a serious break
lian been notlrorl
No repairs willfbe made on the west
side of Lake Lagunita this fall unless
had breaks suddenly develop, declares
Comptroller A. 10. Roth. Severnl leaks
were reported last fall, but so far
nothing in the way of a serious break
lian been notlrorl
No repairs willfbe made on the west
side of Lake Lagunita this fall unless
had breaks suddenly develop, declares
Comptroller A. 10. Roth. Severnl leaks
were reported last fall, but so far
nothing in the way of a serious break
lian been notlrorl
No repairs willfbe made on the west
side of Lake Lagunita this fall unless
had breaks suddenly develop, declares
Comptroller A. 10. Roth. Severnl leaks
were reported last fall, but so far
nothing in the way of a serious break
lian been notlrorl
