# POST-SEASON GAME WITH SAINTS TEAM BARREDâ€”MASTERS
## 
### 
Stanford will not i>lay St.
Mary's in a post-season football
game despite unofficial proposals
for such a contest. This was defi
nitely announced yesterday by
Alfred Masters, Stanford gradu
ate manager, who says that there
is absolutely no foundation in the
report that the Cardinals might
clash with the Saints in a post
season game, and that further
more there is not a chance in the
world of the game being played.
This decision is endorsed by
other Stanford officials, all of
whom declare that the Cardinals
are not interested in a post-sea
son tilt with St. Mary's.
No official challenge has been
made St. Mary's. The only pro
posals for holding the game have
come from interested outsiders.
Stanford will not i>lay St.
Mary's in a post-season football
game despite unofficial proposals
for such a contest. This was defi
nitely announced yesterday by
Alfred Masters, Stanford gradu
ate manager, who says that there
is absolutely no foundation in the
report that the Cardinals might
clash with the Saints in a post
season game, and that further
more there is not a chance in the
world of the game being played.
This decision is endorsed by
other Stanford officials, all of
whom declare that the Cardinals
are not interested in a post-sea
son tilt with St. Mary's.
No official challenge has been
made St. Mary's. The only pro
posals for holding the game have
come from interested outsiders.
Stanford will not i>lay St.
Mary's in a post-season football
game despite unofficial proposals
for such a contest. This was defi
nitely announced yesterday by
Alfred Masters, Stanford gradu
ate manager, who says that there
is absolutely no foundation in the
report that the Cardinals might
clash with the Saints in a post
season game, and that further
more there is not a chance in the
world of the game being played.
This decision is endorsed by
other Stanford officials, all of
whom declare that the Cardinals
are not interested in a post-sea
son tilt with St. Mary's.
No official challenge has been
made St. Mary's. The only pro
posals for holding the game have
come from interested outsiders.
Stanford will not i>lay St.
Mary's in a post-season football
game despite unofficial proposals
for such a contest. This was defi
nitely announced yesterday by
Alfred Masters, Stanford gradu
ate manager, who says that there
is absolutely no foundation in the
report that the Cardinals might
clash with the Saints in a post
season game, and that further
more there is not a chance in the
world of the game being played.
This decision is endorsed by
other Stanford officials, all of
whom declare that the Cardinals
are not interested in a post-sea
son tilt with St. Mary's.
No official challenge has been
made St. Mary's. The only pro
posals for holding the game have
come from interested outsiders.
Stanford will not i>lay St.
Mary's in a post-season football
game despite unofficial proposals
for such a contest. This was defi
nitely announced yesterday by
Alfred Masters, Stanford gradu
ate manager, who says that there
is absolutely no foundation in the
report that the Cardinals might
clash with the Saints in a post
season game, and that further
more there is not a chance in the
world of the game being played.
This decision is endorsed by
other Stanford officials, all of
whom declare that the Cardinals
are not interested in a post-sea
son tilt with St. Mary's.
No official challenge has been
made St. Mary's. The only pro
posals for holding the game have
come from interested outsiders.
Stanford will not i>lay St.
Mary's in a post-season football
game despite unofficial proposals
for such a contest. This was defi
nitely announced yesterday by
Alfred Masters, Stanford gradu
ate manager, who says that there
is absolutely no foundation in the
report that the Cardinals might
clash with the Saints in a post
season game, and that further
more there is not a chance in the
world of the game being played.
This decision is endorsed by
other Stanford officials, all of
whom declare that the Cardinals
are not interested in a post-sea
son tilt with St. Mary's.
No official challenge has been
made St. Mary's. The only pro
posals for holding the game have
come from interested outsiders.
Stanford will not i>lay St.
Mary's in a post-season football
game despite unofficial proposals
for such a contest. This was defi
nitely announced yesterday by
Alfred Masters, Stanford gradu
ate manager, who says that there
is absolutely no foundation in the
report that the Cardinals might
clash with the Saints in a post
season game, and that further
more there is not a chance in the
world of the game being played.
This decision is endorsed by
other Stanford officials, all of
whom declare that the Cardinals
are not interested in a post-sea
son tilt with St. Mary's.
No official challenge has been
made St. Mary's. The only pro
posals for holding the game have
come from interested outsiders.
Stanford will not i>lay St.
Mary's in a post-season football
game despite unofficial proposals
for such a contest. This was defi
nitely announced yesterday by
Alfred Masters, Stanford gradu
ate manager, who says that there
is absolutely no foundation in the
report that the Cardinals might
clash with the Saints in a post
season game, and that further
more there is not a chance in the
world of the game being played.
This decision is endorsed by
other Stanford officials, all of
whom declare that the Cardinals
are not interested in a post-sea
son tilt with St. Mary's.
No official challenge has been
made St. Mary's. The only pro
posals for holding the game have
come from interested outsiders.
Stanford will not i>lay St.
Mary's in a post-season football
game despite unofficial proposals
for such a contest. This was defi
nitely announced yesterday by
Alfred Masters, Stanford gradu
ate manager, who says that there
is absolutely no foundation in the
report that the Cardinals might
clash with the Saints in a post
season game, and that further
more there is not a chance in the
world of the game being played.
This decision is endorsed by
other Stanford officials, all of
whom declare that the Cardinals
are not interested in a post-sea
son tilt with St. Mary's.
No official challenge has been
made St. Mary's. The only pro
posals for holding the game have
come from interested outsiders.
Stanford will not i>lay St.
Mary's in a post-season football
game despite unofficial proposals
for such a contest. This was defi
nitely announced yesterday by
Alfred Masters, Stanford gradu
ate manager, who says that there
is absolutely no foundation in the
report that the Cardinals might
clash with the Saints in a post
season game, and that further
more there is not a chance in the
world of the game being played.
This decision is endorsed by
other Stanford officials, all of
whom declare that the Cardinals
are not interested in a post-sea
son tilt with St. Mary's.
No official challenge has been
made St. Mary's. The only pro
posals for holding the game have
come from interested outsiders.
Stanford will not i>lay St.
Mary's in a post-season football
game despite unofficial proposals
for such a contest. This was defi
nitely announced yesterday by
Alfred Masters, Stanford gradu
ate manager, who says that there
is absolutely no foundation in the
report that the Cardinals might
clash with the Saints in a post
season game, and that further
more there is not a chance in the
world of the game being played.
This decision is endorsed by
other Stanford officials, all of
whom declare that the Cardinals
are not interested in a post-sea
son tilt with St. Mary's.
No official challenge has been
made St. Mary's. The only pro
posals for holding the game have
come from interested outsiders.
Stanford will not i>lay St.
Mary's in a post-season football
game despite unofficial proposals
for such a contest. This was defi
nitely announced yesterday by
Alfred Masters, Stanford gradu
ate manager, who says that there
is absolutely no foundation in the
report that the Cardinals might
clash with the Saints in a post
season game, and that further
more there is not a chance in the
world of the game being played.
This decision is endorsed by
other Stanford officials, all of
whom declare that the Cardinals
are not interested in a post-sea
son tilt with St. Mary's.
No official challenge has been
made St. Mary's. The only pro
posals for holding the game have
come from interested outsiders.
Stanford will not i>lay St.
Mary's in a post-season football
game despite unofficial proposals
for such a contest. This was defi
nitely announced yesterday by
Alfred Masters, Stanford gradu
ate manager, who says that there
is absolutely no foundation in the
report that the Cardinals might
clash with the Saints in a post
season game, and that further
more there is not a chance in the
world of the game being played.
This decision is endorsed by
other Stanford officials, all of
whom declare that the Cardinals
are not interested in a post-sea
son tilt with St. Mary's.
No official challenge has been
made St. Mary's. The only pro
posals for holding the game have
come from interested outsiders.
Stanford will not i>lay St.
Mary's in a post-season football
game despite unofficial proposals
for such a contest. This was defi
nitely announced yesterday by
Alfred Masters, Stanford gradu
ate manager, who says that there
is absolutely no foundation in the
report that the Cardinals might
clash with the Saints in a post
season game, and that further
more there is not a chance in the
world of the game being played.
This decision is endorsed by
other Stanford officials, all of
whom declare that the Cardinals
are not interested in a post-sea
son tilt with St. Mary's.
No official challenge has been
made St. Mary's. The only pro
posals for holding the game have
come from interested outsiders.
Stanford will not i>lay St.
Mary's in a post-season football
game despite unofficial proposals
for such a contest. This was defi
nitely announced yesterday by
Alfred Masters, Stanford gradu
ate manager, who says that there
is absolutely no foundation in the
report that the Cardinals might
clash with the Saints in a post
season game, and that further
more there is not a chance in the
world of the game being played.
This decision is endorsed by
other Stanford officials, all of
whom declare that the Cardinals
are not interested in a post-sea
son tilt with St. Mary's.
No official challenge has been
made St. Mary's. The only pro
posals for holding the game have
come from interested outsiders.
