# Chappie Extends Literary Copy Deadline to Friday
## 
### 
The copy deadline for the Football
number of Chaparral has been extend
ed to Friday, November 5, owing to
serious shortage of copy, Thomas
Breeze, editor, announced yesterday.
This refers only to literary work,
enough art copy having been already
turned in.
Breeze also stated that, no further
<"rv relating to the Big Game or foot
ball is desired, but that literary con
tributions of any other variety are
needed.
The copy deadline for the Football
number of Chaparral has been extend
ed to Friday, November 5, owing to
serious shortage of copy, Thomas
Breeze, editor, announced yesterday.
This refers only to literary work,
enough art copy having been already
turned in.
Breeze also stated that, no further
<"rv relating to the Big Game or foot
ball is desired, but that literary con
tributions of any other variety are
needed.
The copy deadline for the Football
number of Chaparral has been extend
ed to Friday, November 5, owing to
serious shortage of copy, Thomas
Breeze, editor, announced yesterday.
This refers only to literary work,
enough art copy having been already
turned in.
Breeze also stated that, no further
<"rv relating to the Big Game or foot
ball is desired, but that literary con
tributions of any other variety are
needed.
The copy deadline for the Football
number of Chaparral has been extend
ed to Friday, November 5, owing to
serious shortage of copy, Thomas
Breeze, editor, announced yesterday.
This refers only to literary work,
enough art copy having been already
turned in.
Breeze also stated that, no further
<"rv relating to the Big Game or foot
ball is desired, but that literary con
tributions of any other variety are
needed.
The copy deadline for the Football
number of Chaparral has been extend
ed to Friday, November 5, owing to
serious shortage of copy, Thomas
Breeze, editor, announced yesterday.
This refers only to literary work,
enough art copy having been already
turned in.
Breeze also stated that, no further
<"rv relating to the Big Game or foot
ball is desired, but that literary con
tributions of any other variety are
needed.
The copy deadline for the Football
number of Chaparral has been extend
ed to Friday, November 5, owing to
serious shortage of copy, Thomas
Breeze, editor, announced yesterday.
This refers only to literary work,
enough art copy having been already
turned in.
Breeze also stated that, no further
<"rv relating to the Big Game or foot
ball is desired, but that literary con
tributions of any other variety are
needed.
The copy deadline for the Football
number of Chaparral has been extend
ed to Friday, November 5, owing to
serious shortage of copy, Thomas
Breeze, editor, announced yesterday.
This refers only to literary work,
enough art copy having been already
turned in.
Breeze also stated that, no further
<"rv relating to the Big Game or foot
ball is desired, but that literary con
tributions of any other variety are
needed.
The copy deadline for the Football
number of Chaparral has been extend
ed to Friday, November 5, owing to
serious shortage of copy, Thomas
Breeze, editor, announced yesterday.
This refers only to literary work,
enough art copy having been already
turned in.
Breeze also stated that, no further
<"rv relating to the Big Game or foot
ball is desired, but that literary con
tributions of any other variety are
needed.
The copy deadline for the Football
number of Chaparral has been extend
ed to Friday, November 5, owing to
serious shortage of copy, Thomas
Breeze, editor, announced yesterday.
This refers only to literary work,
enough art copy having been already
turned in.
Breeze also stated that, no further
<"rv relating to the Big Game or foot
ball is desired, but that literary con
tributions of any other variety are
needed.
The copy deadline for the Football
number of Chaparral has been extend
ed to Friday, November 5, owing to
serious shortage of copy, Thomas
Breeze, editor, announced yesterday.
This refers only to literary work,
enough art copy having been already
turned in.
Breeze also stated that, no further
<"rv relating to the Big Game or foot
ball is desired, but that literary con
tributions of any other variety are
needed.
The copy deadline for the Football
number of Chaparral has been extend
ed to Friday, November 5, owing to
serious shortage of copy, Thomas
Breeze, editor, announced yesterday.
This refers only to literary work,
enough art copy having been already
turned in.
Breeze also stated that, no further
<"rv relating to the Big Game or foot
ball is desired, but that literary con
tributions of any other variety are
needed.
The copy deadline for the Football
number of Chaparral has been extend
ed to Friday, November 5, owing to
serious shortage of copy, Thomas
Breeze, editor, announced yesterday.
This refers only to literary work,
enough art copy having been already
turned in.
Breeze also stated that, no further
<"rv relating to the Big Game or foot
ball is desired, but that literary con
tributions of any other variety are
needed.
The copy deadline for the Football
number of Chaparral has been extend
ed to Friday, November 5, owing to
serious shortage of copy, Thomas
Breeze, editor, announced yesterday.
This refers only to literary work,
enough art copy having been already
turned in.
Breeze also stated that, no further
<"rv relating to the Big Game or foot
ball is desired, but that literary con
tributions of any other variety are
needed.
The copy deadline for the Football
number of Chaparral has been extend
ed to Friday, November 5, owing to
serious shortage of copy, Thomas
Breeze, editor, announced yesterday.
This refers only to literary work,
enough art copy having been already
turned in.
Breeze also stated that, no further
<"rv relating to the Big Game or foot
ball is desired, but that literary con
tributions of any other variety are
needed.
The copy deadline for the Football
number of Chaparral has been extend
ed to Friday, November 5, owing to
serious shortage of copy, Thomas
Breeze, editor, announced yesterday.
This refers only to literary work,
enough art copy having been already
turned in.
Breeze also stated that, no further
<"rv relating to the Big Game or foot
ball is desired, but that literary con
tributions of any other variety are
needed.
