# OARSMEN AND HELMSMEN COVER REDWOOD COURSE
## 
### 
The crew list for today includes the
customary number of two varsity and
two freshman crews. Goodman and
Hazzard are scheduled to steer the var
sity boats. Skinner will hold the til
ler on one of the freshman boats,
while Coach Guerena pilots the other.
Those in the varsity shells are: Maur
er stroke, McEuen, Jacomini, Rogers,
Orme, Green, Worth, and Hamaker;
Russell stroke, Hulsman, Andrews,
Rehm, Bloeser, Pettingill, Scovel, and
Kester. The first-year oarsmen arc:
Eaton stroke, McAdams, Bullis, Keller,
Pehl, Chandler, Ferguson, and Ped
ley; Steinbeck stroke, Prior, Heron,
Greer, Roberts, Jeffers, Alderton, and
Saunders.
The crew list for today includes the
customary number of two varsity and
two freshman crews. Goodman and
Hazzard are scheduled to steer the var
sity boats. Skinner will hold the til
ler on one of the freshman boats,
while Coach Guerena pilots the other.
Those in the varsity shells are: Maur
er stroke, McEuen, Jacomini, Rogers,
Orme, Green, Worth, and Hamaker;
Russell stroke, Hulsman, Andrews,
Rehm, Bloeser, Pettingill, Scovel, and
Kester. The first-year oarsmen arc:
Eaton stroke, McAdams, Bullis, Keller,
Pehl, Chandler, Ferguson, and Ped
ley; Steinbeck stroke, Prior, Heron,
Greer, Roberts, Jeffers, Alderton, and
Saunders.
The crew list for today includes the
customary number of two varsity and
two freshman crews. Goodman and
Hazzard are scheduled to steer the var
sity boats. Skinner will hold the til
ler on one of the freshman boats,
while Coach Guerena pilots the other.
Those in the varsity shells are: Maur
er stroke, McEuen, Jacomini, Rogers,
Orme, Green, Worth, and Hamaker;
Russell stroke, Hulsman, Andrews,
Rehm, Bloeser, Pettingill, Scovel, and
Kester. The first-year oarsmen arc:
Eaton stroke, McAdams, Bullis, Keller,
Pehl, Chandler, Ferguson, and Ped
ley; Steinbeck stroke, Prior, Heron,
Greer, Roberts, Jeffers, Alderton, and
Saunders.
The crew list for today includes the
customary number of two varsity and
two freshman crews. Goodman and
Hazzard are scheduled to steer the var
sity boats. Skinner will hold the til
ler on one of the freshman boats,
while Coach Guerena pilots the other.
Those in the varsity shells are: Maur
er stroke, McEuen, Jacomini, Rogers,
Orme, Green, Worth, and Hamaker;
Russell stroke, Hulsman, Andrews,
Rehm, Bloeser, Pettingill, Scovel, and
Kester. The first-year oarsmen arc:
Eaton stroke, McAdams, Bullis, Keller,
Pehl, Chandler, Ferguson, and Ped
ley; Steinbeck stroke, Prior, Heron,
Greer, Roberts, Jeffers, Alderton, and
Saunders.
The crew list for today includes the
customary number of two varsity and
two freshman crews. Goodman and
Hazzard are scheduled to steer the var
sity boats. Skinner will hold the til
ler on one of the freshman boats,
while Coach Guerena pilots the other.
Those in the varsity shells are: Maur
er stroke, McEuen, Jacomini, Rogers,
Orme, Green, Worth, and Hamaker;
Russell stroke, Hulsman, Andrews,
Rehm, Bloeser, Pettingill, Scovel, and
Kester. The first-year oarsmen arc:
Eaton stroke, McAdams, Bullis, Keller,
Pehl, Chandler, Ferguson, and Ped
ley; Steinbeck stroke, Prior, Heron,
Greer, Roberts, Jeffers, Alderton, and
Saunders.
The crew list for today includes the
customary number of two varsity and
two freshman crews. Goodman and
Hazzard are scheduled to steer the var
sity boats. Skinner will hold the til
ler on one of the freshman boats,
while Coach Guerena pilots the other.
Those in the varsity shells are: Maur
er stroke, McEuen, Jacomini, Rogers,
Orme, Green, Worth, and Hamaker;
Russell stroke, Hulsman, Andrews,
Rehm, Bloeser, Pettingill, Scovel, and
Kester. The first-year oarsmen arc:
Eaton stroke, McAdams, Bullis, Keller,
Pehl, Chandler, Ferguson, and Ped
ley; Steinbeck stroke, Prior, Heron,
Greer, Roberts, Jeffers, Alderton, and
Saunders.
The crew list for today includes the
customary number of two varsity and
two freshman crews. Goodman and
Hazzard are scheduled to steer the var
sity boats. Skinner will hold the til
ler on one of the freshman boats,
while Coach Guerena pilots the other.
Those in the varsity shells are: Maur
er stroke, McEuen, Jacomini, Rogers,
Orme, Green, Worth, and Hamaker;
Russell stroke, Hulsman, Andrews,
Rehm, Bloeser, Pettingill, Scovel, and
Kester. The first-year oarsmen arc:
Eaton stroke, McAdams, Bullis, Keller,
Pehl, Chandler, Ferguson, and Ped
ley; Steinbeck stroke, Prior, Heron,
Greer, Roberts, Jeffers, Alderton, and
Saunders.
The crew list for today includes the
customary number of two varsity and
two freshman crews. Goodman and
Hazzard are scheduled to steer the var
sity boats. Skinner will hold the til
ler on one of the freshman boats,
while Coach Guerena pilots the other.
Those in the varsity shells are: Maur
er stroke, McEuen, Jacomini, Rogers,
Orme, Green, Worth, and Hamaker;
Russell stroke, Hulsman, Andrews,
Rehm, Bloeser, Pettingill, Scovel, and
Kester. The first-year oarsmen arc:
Eaton stroke, McAdams, Bullis, Keller,
Pehl, Chandler, Ferguson, and Ped
ley; Steinbeck stroke, Prior, Heron,
Greer, Roberts, Jeffers, Alderton, and
Saunders.
The crew list for today includes the
customary number of two varsity and
two freshman crews. Goodman and
Hazzard are scheduled to steer the var
sity boats. Skinner will hold the til
ler on one of the freshman boats,
while Coach Guerena pilots the other.
Those in the varsity shells are: Maur
er stroke, McEuen, Jacomini, Rogers,
Orme, Green, Worth, and Hamaker;
Russell stroke, Hulsman, Andrews,
Rehm, Bloeser, Pettingill, Scovel, and
Kester. The first-year oarsmen arc:
Eaton stroke, McAdams, Bullis, Keller,
Pehl, Chandler, Ferguson, and Ped
ley; Steinbeck stroke, Prior, Heron,
Greer, Roberts, Jeffers, Alderton, and
Saunders.
The crew list for today includes the
customary number of two varsity and
two freshman crews. Goodman and
Hazzard are scheduled to steer the var
sity boats. Skinner will hold the til
ler on one of the freshman boats,
while Coach Guerena pilots the other.
Those in the varsity shells are: Maur
er stroke, McEuen, Jacomini, Rogers,
Orme, Green, Worth, and Hamaker;
Russell stroke, Hulsman, Andrews,
Rehm, Bloeser, Pettingill, Scovel, and
Kester. The first-year oarsmen arc:
Eaton stroke, McAdams, Bullis, Keller,
Pehl, Chandler, Ferguson, and Ped
ley; Steinbeck stroke, Prior, Heron,
Greer, Roberts, Jeffers, Alderton, and
Saunders.
The crew list for today includes the
customary number of two varsity and
two freshman crews. Goodman and
Hazzard are scheduled to steer the var
sity boats. Skinner will hold the til
ler on one of the freshman boats,
while Coach Guerena pilots the other.
Those in the varsity shells are: Maur
er stroke, McEuen, Jacomini, Rogers,
Orme, Green, Worth, and Hamaker;
Russell stroke, Hulsman, Andrews,
Rehm, Bloeser, Pettingill, Scovel, and
Kester. The first-year oarsmen arc:
Eaton stroke, McAdams, Bullis, Keller,
Pehl, Chandler, Ferguson, and Ped
ley; Steinbeck stroke, Prior, Heron,
Greer, Roberts, Jeffers, Alderton, and
Saunders.
The crew list for today includes the
customary number of two varsity and
two freshman crews. Goodman and
Hazzard are scheduled to steer the var
sity boats. Skinner will hold the til
ler on one of the freshman boats,
while Coach Guerena pilots the other.
Those in the varsity shells are: Maur
er stroke, McEuen, Jacomini, Rogers,
Orme, Green, Worth, and Hamaker;
Russell stroke, Hulsman, Andrews,
Rehm, Bloeser, Pettingill, Scovel, and
Kester. The first-year oarsmen arc:
Eaton stroke, McAdams, Bullis, Keller,
Pehl, Chandler, Ferguson, and Ped
ley; Steinbeck stroke, Prior, Heron,
Greer, Roberts, Jeffers, Alderton, and
Saunders.
The crew list for today includes the
customary number of two varsity and
two freshman crews. Goodman and
Hazzard are scheduled to steer the var
sity boats. Skinner will hold the til
ler on one of the freshman boats,
while Coach Guerena pilots the other.
Those in the varsity shells are: Maur
er stroke, McEuen, Jacomini, Rogers,
Orme, Green, Worth, and Hamaker;
Russell stroke, Hulsman, Andrews,
Rehm, Bloeser, Pettingill, Scovel, and
Kester. The first-year oarsmen arc:
Eaton stroke, McAdams, Bullis, Keller,
Pehl, Chandler, Ferguson, and Ped
ley; Steinbeck stroke, Prior, Heron,
Greer, Roberts, Jeffers, Alderton, and
Saunders.
