# THE
						DAY AFTER THE NIGHT BEFORE
## 
### 
No one disputes the fact that mid
semester examinations are necessary
in many of the courses given in the
University. They enable the student to
find himself, to learn what he is do
ing, and to tighten the strings in the
subjects in which he is below par. By
means of examinations the professors
discover deficiencies in their systems
of instruction.
There are holidays and other occa
sions of celebration, in which no one
will deny the student a right to par
ticipate. It is an incontrovertible fact,
attested by experience, that the stu
dent cannot do justice to himself, ana
to his work, in an examination that
directly follows a season of mental re
laxation.
As a matter of coincidence, very fre
quently examinations are given on a
day following a holiday or an event of
University importance. To do justice
to the examination the student must
forego the celebration, or to take
part in the celebration he must nec
essarily present himself unprepared
for the examination. It is to the in
terest of the professors to give an ex
amination under the most favorable
conditions, and certainly not to his
disadvantage to schedule an examin
ation under favorable conditions. It
has frequently happened that import
ant mid-semester examinations are ar
ranged for the day following the date
of a special event, with the inevitable
result that, either students take 110
part in the event, or they sacrifice
their interests in the examination.
It is earnestly hoped that members of
the Faculty will consider this view
point and endeavor to schedule exam
inations hereafter at some other time
than the day after the night before.
