# Noted Food Scientist Will Give Free Lecture
## Professor Jaffa State Board of Health Chemist, to Speak on Pure Food Problems. 
### 
Preparations are being made for tlie
coming of Professor M, E, Jaffa, of the
Department of Agricultural Chemistry
at the University of California, who is
to give a free lecture to the public on
some phase of the problems connected
with the enforcement of the pure food
and drug act, Tuesday evening at S
o'clock in room 20 of the Chemistry
building. Professor .Jaffa is well qual
ified to speak on this topic. He serves
as the official chemist of the State
Hoard of Health, in addition to per
forming his faculty duties at the State
University.
To illustrate h's lecture Professor
Jaffa will bring with him a large num
ber of lantern slide?, which will be re
produced on the screen in tbe Chemis
try lecture room.
This is the first lecture of a series
to lie given on subjects of popular
scientific interest, under the auspices
of the local chapter of Phi Lambda
Upsilon. the national chemistry honor
fraternity. It is hoped that the gener
al public will take advantage of the
opportunities afforded to hear noted
visiting scientists at these free lec
tures.
Preparations are being made for tlie
coming of Professor M, E, Jaffa, of the
Department of Agricultural Chemistry
at the University of California, who is
to give a free lecture to the public on
some phase of the problems connected
with the enforcement of the pure food
and drug act, Tuesday evening at S
o'clock in room 20 of the Chemistry
building. Professor .Jaffa is well qual
ified to speak on this topic. He serves
as the official chemist of the State
Hoard of Health, in addition to per
forming his faculty duties at the State
University.
To illustrate h's lecture Professor
Jaffa will bring with him a large num
ber of lantern slide?, which will be re
produced on the screen in tbe Chemis
try lecture room.
This is the first lecture of a series
to lie given on subjects of popular
scientific interest, under the auspices
of the local chapter of Phi Lambda
Upsilon. the national chemistry honor
fraternity. It is hoped that the gener
al public will take advantage of the
opportunities afforded to hear noted
visiting scientists at these free lec
tures.
Preparations are being made for tlie
coming of Professor M, E, Jaffa, of the
Department of Agricultural Chemistry
at the University of California, who is
to give a free lecture to the public on
some phase of the problems connected
with the enforcement of the pure food
and drug act, Tuesday evening at S
o'clock in room 20 of the Chemistry
building. Professor .Jaffa is well qual
ified to speak on this topic. He serves
as the official chemist of the State
Hoard of Health, in addition to per
forming his faculty duties at the State
University.
To illustrate h's lecture Professor
Jaffa will bring with him a large num
ber of lantern slide?, which will be re
produced on the screen in tbe Chemis
try lecture room.
This is the first lecture of a series
to lie given on subjects of popular
scientific interest, under the auspices
of the local chapter of Phi Lambda
Upsilon. the national chemistry honor
fraternity. It is hoped that the gener
al public will take advantage of the
opportunities afforded to hear noted
visiting scientists at these free lec
tures.
Preparations are being made for tlie
coming of Professor M, E, Jaffa, of the
Department of Agricultural Chemistry
at the University of California, who is
to give a free lecture to the public on
some phase of the problems connected
with the enforcement of the pure food
and drug act, Tuesday evening at S
o'clock in room 20 of the Chemistry
building. Professor .Jaffa is well qual
ified to speak on this topic. He serves
as the official chemist of the State
Hoard of Health, in addition to per
forming his faculty duties at the State
University.
To illustrate h's lecture Professor
Jaffa will bring with him a large num
ber of lantern slide?, which will be re
produced on the screen in tbe Chemis
try lecture room.
This is the first lecture of a series
to lie given on subjects of popular
scientific interest, under the auspices
of the local chapter of Phi Lambda
Upsilon. the national chemistry honor
fraternity. It is hoped that the gener
al public will take advantage of the
opportunities afforded to hear noted
visiting scientists at these free lec
tures.
Preparations are being made for tlie
coming of Professor M, E, Jaffa, of the
Department of Agricultural Chemistry
at the University of California, who is
to give a free lecture to the public on
some phase of the problems connected
with the enforcement of the pure food
and drug act, Tuesday evening at S
o'clock in room 20 of the Chemistry
building. Professor .Jaffa is well qual
ified to speak on this topic. He serves
as the official chemist of the State
Hoard of Health, in addition to per
forming his faculty duties at the State
University.
To illustrate h's lecture Professor
Jaffa will bring with him a large num
ber of lantern slide?, which will be re
produced on the screen in tbe Chemis
try lecture room.
This is the first lecture of a series
to lie given on subjects of popular
scientific interest, under the auspices
of the local chapter of Phi Lambda
Upsilon. the national chemistry honor
fraternity. It is hoped that the gener
al public will take advantage of the
opportunities afforded to hear noted
visiting scientists at these free lec
tures.
Preparations are being made for tlie
coming of Professor M, E, Jaffa, of the
Department of Agricultural Chemistry
at the University of California, who is
to give a free lecture to the public on
some phase of the problems connected
with the enforcement of the pure food
and drug act, Tuesday evening at S
o'clock in room 20 of the Chemistry
building. Professor .Jaffa is well qual
ified to speak on this topic. He serves
as the official chemist of the State
Hoard of Health, in addition to per
forming his faculty duties at the State
University.
To illustrate h's lecture Professor
Jaffa will bring with him a large num
ber of lantern slide?, which will be re
produced on the screen in tbe Chemis
try lecture room.
This is the first lecture of a series
to lie given on subjects of popular
scientific interest, under the auspices
of the local chapter of Phi Lambda
Upsilon. the national chemistry honor
fraternity. It is hoped that the gener
al public will take advantage of the
opportunities afforded to hear noted
visiting scientists at these free lec
tures.
Preparations are being made for tlie
coming of Professor M, E, Jaffa, of the
Department of Agricultural Chemistry
at the University of California, who is
to give a free lecture to the public on
some phase of the problems connected
with the enforcement of the pure food
and drug act, Tuesday evening at S
o'clock in room 20 of the Chemistry
building. Professor .Jaffa is well qual
ified to speak on this topic. He serves
as the official chemist of the State
Hoard of Health, in addition to per
forming his faculty duties at the State
University.
To illustrate h's lecture Professor
Jaffa will bring with him a large num
ber of lantern slide?, which will be re
produced on the screen in tbe Chemis
try lecture room.
This is the first lecture of a series
to lie given on subjects of popular
scientific interest, under the auspices
of the local chapter of Phi Lambda
Upsilon. the national chemistry honor
fraternity. It is hoped that the gener
al public will take advantage of the
opportunities afforded to hear noted
visiting scientists at these free lec
tures.
Preparations are being made for tlie
coming of Professor M, E, Jaffa, of the
Department of Agricultural Chemistry
at the University of California, who is
to give a free lecture to the public on
some phase of the problems connected
with the enforcement of the pure food
and drug act, Tuesday evening at S
o'clock in room 20 of the Chemistry
building. Professor .Jaffa is well qual
ified to speak on this topic. He serves
as the official chemist of the State
Hoard of Health, in addition to per
forming his faculty duties at the State
University.
To illustrate h's lecture Professor
Jaffa will bring with him a large num
ber of lantern slide?, which will be re
produced on the screen in tbe Chemis
try lecture room.
This is the first lecture of a series
to lie given on subjects of popular
scientific interest, under the auspices
of the local chapter of Phi Lambda
Upsilon. the national chemistry honor
fraternity. It is hoped that the gener
al public will take advantage of the
opportunities afforded to hear noted
visiting scientists at these free lec
tures.
Preparations are being made for tlie
coming of Professor M, E, Jaffa, of the
Department of Agricultural Chemistry
at the University of California, who is
to give a free lecture to the public on
some phase of the problems connected
with the enforcement of the pure food
and drug act, Tuesday evening at S
o'clock in room 20 of the Chemistry
building. Professor .Jaffa is well qual
ified to speak on this topic. He serves
as the official chemist of the State
Hoard of Health, in addition to per
forming his faculty duties at the State
University.
To illustrate h's lecture Professor
Jaffa will bring with him a large num
ber of lantern slide?, which will be re
produced on the screen in tbe Chemis
try lecture room.
This is the first lecture of a series
to lie given on subjects of popular
scientific interest, under the auspices
of the local chapter of Phi Lambda
Upsilon. the national chemistry honor
fraternity. It is hoped that the gener
al public will take advantage of the
opportunities afforded to hear noted
visiting scientists at these free lec
tures.
Preparations are being made for tlie
coming of Professor M, E, Jaffa, of the
Department of Agricultural Chemistry
at the University of California, who is
to give a free lecture to the public on
some phase of the problems connected
with the enforcement of the pure food
and drug act, Tuesday evening at S
o'clock in room 20 of the Chemistry
building. Professor .Jaffa is well qual
ified to speak on this topic. He serves
as the official chemist of the State
Hoard of Health, in addition to per
forming his faculty duties at the State
University.
To illustrate h's lecture Professor
Jaffa will bring with him a large num
ber of lantern slide?, which will be re
produced on the screen in tbe Chemis
try lecture room.
This is the first lecture of a series
to lie given on subjects of popular
scientific interest, under the auspices
of the local chapter of Phi Lambda
Upsilon. the national chemistry honor
fraternity. It is hoped that the gener
al public will take advantage of the
opportunities afforded to hear noted
visiting scientists at these free lec
tures.
Preparations are being made for tlie
coming of Professor M, E, Jaffa, of the
Department of Agricultural Chemistry
at the University of California, who is
to give a free lecture to the public on
some phase of the problems connected
with the enforcement of the pure food
and drug act, Tuesday evening at S
o'clock in room 20 of the Chemistry
building. Professor .Jaffa is well qual
ified to speak on this topic. He serves
as the official chemist of the State
Hoard of Health, in addition to per
forming his faculty duties at the State
University.
To illustrate h's lecture Professor
Jaffa will bring with him a large num
ber of lantern slide?, which will be re
produced on the screen in tbe Chemis
try lecture room.
This is the first lecture of a series
to lie given on subjects of popular
scientific interest, under the auspices
of the local chapter of Phi Lambda
Upsilon. the national chemistry honor
fraternity. It is hoped that the gener
al public will take advantage of the
opportunities afforded to hear noted
visiting scientists at these free lec
tures.
Preparations are being made for tlie
coming of Professor M, E, Jaffa, of the
Department of Agricultural Chemistry
at the University of California, who is
to give a free lecture to the public on
some phase of the problems connected
with the enforcement of the pure food
and drug act, Tuesday evening at S
o'clock in room 20 of the Chemistry
building. Professor .Jaffa is well qual
ified to speak on this topic. He serves
as the official chemist of the State
Hoard of Health, in addition to per
forming his faculty duties at the State
University.
To illustrate h's lecture Professor
Jaffa will bring with him a large num
ber of lantern slide?, which will be re
produced on the screen in tbe Chemis
try lecture room.
This is the first lecture of a series
to lie given on subjects of popular
scientific interest, under the auspices
of the local chapter of Phi Lambda
Upsilon. the national chemistry honor
fraternity. It is hoped that the gener
al public will take advantage of the
opportunities afforded to hear noted
visiting scientists at these free lec
tures.
Preparations are being made for tlie
coming of Professor M, E, Jaffa, of the
Department of Agricultural Chemistry
at the University of California, who is
to give a free lecture to the public on
some phase of the problems connected
with the enforcement of the pure food
and drug act, Tuesday evening at S
o'clock in room 20 of the Chemistry
building. Professor .Jaffa is well qual
ified to speak on this topic. He serves
as the official chemist of the State
Hoard of Health, in addition to per
forming his faculty duties at the State
University.
To illustrate h's lecture Professor
Jaffa will bring with him a large num
ber of lantern slide?, which will be re
produced on the screen in tbe Chemis
try lecture room.
This is the first lecture of a series
to lie given on subjects of popular
scientific interest, under the auspices
of the local chapter of Phi Lambda
Upsilon. the national chemistry honor
fraternity. It is hoped that the gener
al public will take advantage of the
opportunities afforded to hear noted
visiting scientists at these free lec
tures.
