# Benefit Game Nets Swain Large Sum.
## 
### 
Charlie Swain, a younger brother of
professor Swain, of the Chemistry de
partment, was presented with a chock
for $2150 at a luncheon of baseball
promoters Tuesday. The check re
sulted from tho game played Sunday
for his benefit. A recent accident
made necessary the amputation of one
of Swain's less.
Charlie Swain, a younger brother of
professor Swain, of the Chemistry de
partment, was presented with a chock
for $2150 at a luncheon of baseball
promoters Tuesday. The check re
sulted from tho game played Sunday
for his benefit. A recent accident
made necessary the amputation of one
of Swain's less.
Charlie Swain, a younger brother of
professor Swain, of the Chemistry de
partment, was presented with a chock
for $2150 at a luncheon of baseball
promoters Tuesday. The check re
sulted from tho game played Sunday
for his benefit. A recent accident
made necessary the amputation of one
of Swain's less.
Charlie Swain, a younger brother of
professor Swain, of the Chemistry de
partment, was presented with a chock
for $2150 at a luncheon of baseball
promoters Tuesday. The check re
sulted from tho game played Sunday
for his benefit. A recent accident
made necessary the amputation of one
of Swain's less.
Charlie Swain, a younger brother of
professor Swain, of the Chemistry de
partment, was presented with a chock
for $2150 at a luncheon of baseball
promoters Tuesday. The check re
sulted from tho game played Sunday
for his benefit. A recent accident
made necessary the amputation of one
of Swain's less.
Charlie Swain, a younger brother of
professor Swain, of the Chemistry de
partment, was presented with a chock
for $2150 at a luncheon of baseball
promoters Tuesday. The check re
sulted from tho game played Sunday
for his benefit. A recent accident
made necessary the amputation of one
of Swain's less.
Charlie Swain, a younger brother of
professor Swain, of the Chemistry de
partment, was presented with a chock
for $2150 at a luncheon of baseball
promoters Tuesday. The check re
sulted from tho game played Sunday
for his benefit. A recent accident
made necessary the amputation of one
of Swain's less.
Charlie Swain, a younger brother of
professor Swain, of the Chemistry de
partment, was presented with a chock
for $2150 at a luncheon of baseball
promoters Tuesday. The check re
sulted from tho game played Sunday
for his benefit. A recent accident
made necessary the amputation of one
of Swain's less.
Charlie Swain, a younger brother of
professor Swain, of the Chemistry de
partment, was presented with a chock
for $2150 at a luncheon of baseball
promoters Tuesday. The check re
sulted from tho game played Sunday
for his benefit. A recent accident
made necessary the amputation of one
of Swain's less.
Charlie Swain, a younger brother of
professor Swain, of the Chemistry de
partment, was presented with a chock
for $2150 at a luncheon of baseball
promoters Tuesday. The check re
sulted from tho game played Sunday
for his benefit. A recent accident
made necessary the amputation of one
of Swain's less.
Charlie Swain, a younger brother of
professor Swain, of the Chemistry de
partment, was presented with a chock
for $2150 at a luncheon of baseball
promoters Tuesday. The check re
sulted from tho game played Sunday
for his benefit. A recent accident
made necessary the amputation of one
of Swain's less.
Charlie Swain, a younger brother of
professor Swain, of the Chemistry de
partment, was presented with a chock
for $2150 at a luncheon of baseball
promoters Tuesday. The check re
sulted from tho game played Sunday
for his benefit. A recent accident
made necessary the amputation of one
of Swain's less.
Charlie Swain, a younger brother of
professor Swain, of the Chemistry de
partment, was presented with a chock
for $2150 at a luncheon of baseball
promoters Tuesday. The check re
sulted from tho game played Sunday
for his benefit. A recent accident
made necessary the amputation of one
of Swain's less.
