# DESTRUCTION OF OLD BLEACHERS COMPLETE
## 
### 
1 he old football field, scene of many
"Big Games," is approaching the final
Mage of its transformation into a prac
tice ground. The last of the old'wooden
bleachers has been torn down, and where
there once rose tiers of scats there is
now vacancy.
\ fence will be built up around the
field, and temporary seats erected for
those who may be interested in seeing
the practice of the football squads.
Henceforth the field will be used merely
for practice, as all football games will
be played in the stadium.
1 he old football field, scene of many
"Big Games," is approaching the final
Mage of its transformation into a prac
tice ground. The last of the old'wooden
bleachers has been torn down, and where
there once rose tiers of scats there is
now vacancy.
\ fence will be built up around the
field, and temporary seats erected for
those who may be interested in seeing
the practice of the football squads.
Henceforth the field will be used merely
for practice, as all football games will
be played in the stadium.
1 he old football field, scene of many
"Big Games," is approaching the final
Mage of its transformation into a prac
tice ground. The last of the old'wooden
bleachers has been torn down, and where
there once rose tiers of scats there is
now vacancy.
\ fence will be built up around the
field, and temporary seats erected for
those who may be interested in seeing
the practice of the football squads.
Henceforth the field will be used merely
for practice, as all football games will
be played in the stadium.
1 he old football field, scene of many
"Big Games," is approaching the final
Mage of its transformation into a prac
tice ground. The last of the old'wooden
bleachers has been torn down, and where
there once rose tiers of scats there is
now vacancy.
\ fence will be built up around the
field, and temporary seats erected for
those who may be interested in seeing
the practice of the football squads.
Henceforth the field will be used merely
for practice, as all football games will
be played in the stadium.
1 he old football field, scene of many
"Big Games," is approaching the final
Mage of its transformation into a prac
tice ground. The last of the old'wooden
bleachers has been torn down, and where
there once rose tiers of scats there is
now vacancy.
\ fence will be built up around the
field, and temporary seats erected for
those who may be interested in seeing
the practice of the football squads.
Henceforth the field will be used merely
for practice, as all football games will
be played in the stadium.
1 he old football field, scene of many
"Big Games," is approaching the final
Mage of its transformation into a prac
tice ground. The last of the old'wooden
bleachers has been torn down, and where
there once rose tiers of scats there is
now vacancy.
\ fence will be built up around the
field, and temporary seats erected for
those who may be interested in seeing
the practice of the football squads.
Henceforth the field will be used merely
for practice, as all football games will
be played in the stadium.
1 he old football field, scene of many
"Big Games," is approaching the final
Mage of its transformation into a prac
tice ground. The last of the old'wooden
bleachers has been torn down, and where
there once rose tiers of scats there is
now vacancy.
\ fence will be built up around the
field, and temporary seats erected for
those who may be interested in seeing
the practice of the football squads.
Henceforth the field will be used merely
for practice, as all football games will
be played in the stadium.
1 he old football field, scene of many
"Big Games," is approaching the final
Mage of its transformation into a prac
tice ground. The last of the old'wooden
bleachers has been torn down, and where
there once rose tiers of scats there is
now vacancy.
\ fence will be built up around the
field, and temporary seats erected for
those who may be interested in seeing
the practice of the football squads.
Henceforth the field will be used merely
for practice, as all football games will
be played in the stadium.
1 he old football field, scene of many
"Big Games," is approaching the final
Mage of its transformation into a prac
tice ground. The last of the old'wooden
bleachers has been torn down, and where
there once rose tiers of scats there is
now vacancy.
\ fence will be built up around the
field, and temporary seats erected for
those who may be interested in seeing
the practice of the football squads.
Henceforth the field will be used merely
for practice, as all football games will
be played in the stadium.
1 he old football field, scene of many
"Big Games," is approaching the final
Mage of its transformation into a prac
tice ground. The last of the old'wooden
bleachers has been torn down, and where
there once rose tiers of scats there is
now vacancy.
\ fence will be built up around the
field, and temporary seats erected for
those who may be interested in seeing
the practice of the football squads.
Henceforth the field will be used merely
for practice, as all football games will
be played in the stadium.
1 he old football field, scene of many
"Big Games," is approaching the final
Mage of its transformation into a prac
tice ground. The last of the old'wooden
bleachers has been torn down, and where
there once rose tiers of scats there is
now vacancy.
\ fence will be built up around the
field, and temporary seats erected for
those who may be interested in seeing
the practice of the football squads.
Henceforth the field will be used merely
for practice, as all football games will
be played in the stadium.
1 he old football field, scene of many
"Big Games," is approaching the final
Mage of its transformation into a prac
tice ground. The last of the old'wooden
bleachers has been torn down, and where
there once rose tiers of scats there is
now vacancy.
\ fence will be built up around the
field, and temporary seats erected for
those who may be interested in seeing
the practice of the football squads.
Henceforth the field will be used merely
for practice, as all football games will
be played in the stadium.
1 he old football field, scene of many
"Big Games," is approaching the final
Mage of its transformation into a prac
tice ground. The last of the old'wooden
bleachers has been torn down, and where
there once rose tiers of scats there is
now vacancy.
\ fence will be built up around the
field, and temporary seats erected for
those who may be interested in seeing
the practice of the football squads.
Henceforth the field will be used merely
for practice, as all football games will
be played in the stadium.
1 he old football field, scene of many
"Big Games," is approaching the final
Mage of its transformation into a prac
tice ground. The last of the old'wooden
bleachers has been torn down, and where
there once rose tiers of scats there is
now vacancy.
\ fence will be built up around the
field, and temporary seats erected for
those who may be interested in seeing
the practice of the football squads.
Henceforth the field will be used merely
for practice, as all football games will
be played in the stadium.
