# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
Planning the future
Big things later —but now
pleasures count —like Fatimas.
With each package of Fatima yoa
get a pennant coupon. 25 of Wfitch
secure a handsome felt college pen
nant ■ / 2x 32) —*election of 100.
Planning the future
Big things later —but now
pleasures count —like Fatimas.
With each package of Fatima yoa
get a pennant coupon. 25 of Wfitch
secure a handsome felt college pen
nant ■ / 2x 32) —*election of 100.
Planning the future
Big things later —but now
pleasures count —like Fatimas.
With each package of Fatima yoa
get a pennant coupon. 25 of Wfitch
secure a handsome felt college pen
nant ■ / 2x 32) —*election of 100.
Planning the future
Big things later —but now
pleasures count —like Fatimas.
With each package of Fatima yoa
get a pennant coupon. 25 of Wfitch
secure a handsome felt college pen
nant ■ / 2x 32) —*election of 100.
Planning the future
Big things later —but now
pleasures count —like Fatimas.
With each package of Fatima yoa
get a pennant coupon. 25 of Wfitch
secure a handsome felt college pen
nant ■ / 2x 32) —*election of 100.
Planning the future
Big things later —but now
pleasures count —like Fatimas.
With each package of Fatima yoa
get a pennant coupon. 25 of Wfitch
secure a handsome felt college pen
nant ■ / 2x 32) —*election of 100.
Planning the future
Big things later —but now
pleasures count —like Fatimas.
With each package of Fatima yoa
get a pennant coupon. 25 of Wfitch
secure a handsome felt college pen
nant ■ / 2x 32) —*election of 100.
Planning the future
Big things later —but now
pleasures count —like Fatimas.
With each package of Fatima yoa
get a pennant coupon. 25 of Wfitch
secure a handsome felt college pen
nant ■ / 2x 32) —*election of 100.
Planning the future
Big things later —but now
pleasures count —like Fatimas.
With each package of Fatima yoa
get a pennant coupon. 25 of Wfitch
secure a handsome felt college pen
nant ■ / 2x 32) —*election of 100.
Planning the future
Big things later —but now
pleasures count —like Fatimas.
With each package of Fatima yoa
get a pennant coupon. 25 of Wfitch
secure a handsome felt college pen
nant ■ / 2x 32) —*election of 100.
Planning the future
Big things later —but now
pleasures count —like Fatimas.
With each package of Fatima yoa
get a pennant coupon. 25 of Wfitch
secure a handsome felt college pen
nant ■ / 2x 32) —*election of 100.
Planning the future
Big things later —but now
pleasures count —like Fatimas.
With each package of Fatima yoa
get a pennant coupon. 25 of Wfitch
secure a handsome felt college pen
nant ■ / 2x 32) —*election of 100.
Planning the future
Big things later —but now
pleasures count —like Fatimas.
With each package of Fatima yoa
get a pennant coupon. 25 of Wfitch
secure a handsome felt college pen
nant ■ / 2x 32) —*election of 100.
