# Miss Blanchard Y.W.C.A. Secretary.
## 
### 
Miss L. Blanchard, '12, has been se
lected by the Advisory Board to fill the
position of General Secretary of the
Younir Women's Christian Association.
She will succeed Miss M. Hutchins, '09,
who has held the office for the past
three years.
Miss L. Blanchard, '12, has been se
lected by the Advisory Board to fill the
position of General Secretary of the
Younir Women's Christian Association.
She will succeed Miss M. Hutchins, '09,
who has held the office for the past
three years.
Miss L. Blanchard, '12, has been se
lected by the Advisory Board to fill the
position of General Secretary of the
Younir Women's Christian Association.
She will succeed Miss M. Hutchins, '09,
who has held the office for the past
three years.
Miss L. Blanchard, '12, has been se
lected by the Advisory Board to fill the
position of General Secretary of the
Younir Women's Christian Association.
She will succeed Miss M. Hutchins, '09,
who has held the office for the past
three years.
Miss L. Blanchard, '12, has been se
lected by the Advisory Board to fill the
position of General Secretary of the
Younir Women's Christian Association.
She will succeed Miss M. Hutchins, '09,
who has held the office for the past
three years.
Miss L. Blanchard, '12, has been se
lected by the Advisory Board to fill the
position of General Secretary of the
Younir Women's Christian Association.
She will succeed Miss M. Hutchins, '09,
who has held the office for the past
three years.
Miss L. Blanchard, '12, has been se
lected by the Advisory Board to fill the
position of General Secretary of the
Younir Women's Christian Association.
She will succeed Miss M. Hutchins, '09,
who has held the office for the past
three years.
Miss L. Blanchard, '12, has been se
lected by the Advisory Board to fill the
position of General Secretary of the
Younir Women's Christian Association.
She will succeed Miss M. Hutchins, '09,
who has held the office for the past
three years.
Miss L. Blanchard, '12, has been se
lected by the Advisory Board to fill the
position of General Secretary of the
Younir Women's Christian Association.
She will succeed Miss M. Hutchins, '09,
who has held the office for the past
three years.
Miss L. Blanchard, '12, has been se
lected by the Advisory Board to fill the
position of General Secretary of the
Younir Women's Christian Association.
She will succeed Miss M. Hutchins, '09,
who has held the office for the past
three years.
Miss L. Blanchard, '12, has been se
lected by the Advisory Board to fill the
position of General Secretary of the
Younir Women's Christian Association.
She will succeed Miss M. Hutchins, '09,
who has held the office for the past
three years.
Miss L. Blanchard, '12, has been se
lected by the Advisory Board to fill the
position of General Secretary of the
Younir Women's Christian Association.
She will succeed Miss M. Hutchins, '09,
who has held the office for the past
three years.
Miss L. Blanchard, '12, has been se
lected by the Advisory Board to fill the
position of General Secretary of the
Younir Women's Christian Association.
She will succeed Miss M. Hutchins, '09,
who has held the office for the past
three years.
