# Stanford Boxers Line Up Schedule
## 
### 
Boxing Coach tTlayton Frye has
lined up four dual meets and a
tournament for his men this quar
ter, to open his first year of work
on the Farm.
The first meet comes up in some
thing over three weeks, and will be
with Cal Aggies at Davis. Stanford
boxers will meet U.C.L.A. on Febru
ary 19 at Los Angeles, Cal on Feb
ruary 24 at Berkeley, and Cal on
March 3 here. They will enter the
Pacific Coast Tourney sometime after
this on a date yet to be announced.
Boxing Coach tTlayton Frye has
lined up four dual meets and a
tournament for his men this quar
ter, to open his first year of work
on the Farm.
The first meet comes up in some
thing over three weeks, and will be
with Cal Aggies at Davis. Stanford
boxers will meet U.C.L.A. on Febru
ary 19 at Los Angeles, Cal on Feb
ruary 24 at Berkeley, and Cal on
March 3 here. They will enter the
Pacific Coast Tourney sometime after
this on a date yet to be announced.
Boxing Coach tTlayton Frye has
lined up four dual meets and a
tournament for his men this quar
ter, to open his first year of work
on the Farm.
The first meet comes up in some
thing over three weeks, and will be
with Cal Aggies at Davis. Stanford
boxers will meet U.C.L.A. on Febru
ary 19 at Los Angeles, Cal on Feb
ruary 24 at Berkeley, and Cal on
March 3 here. They will enter the
Pacific Coast Tourney sometime after
this on a date yet to be announced.
Boxing Coach tTlayton Frye has
lined up four dual meets and a
tournament for his men this quar
ter, to open his first year of work
on the Farm.
The first meet comes up in some
thing over three weeks, and will be
with Cal Aggies at Davis. Stanford
boxers will meet U.C.L.A. on Febru
ary 19 at Los Angeles, Cal on Feb
ruary 24 at Berkeley, and Cal on
March 3 here. They will enter the
Pacific Coast Tourney sometime after
this on a date yet to be announced.
Boxing Coach tTlayton Frye has
lined up four dual meets and a
tournament for his men this quar
ter, to open his first year of work
on the Farm.
The first meet comes up in some
thing over three weeks, and will be
with Cal Aggies at Davis. Stanford
boxers will meet U.C.L.A. on Febru
ary 19 at Los Angeles, Cal on Feb
ruary 24 at Berkeley, and Cal on
March 3 here. They will enter the
Pacific Coast Tourney sometime after
this on a date yet to be announced.
Boxing Coach tTlayton Frye has
lined up four dual meets and a
tournament for his men this quar
ter, to open his first year of work
on the Farm.
The first meet comes up in some
thing over three weeks, and will be
with Cal Aggies at Davis. Stanford
boxers will meet U.C.L.A. on Febru
ary 19 at Los Angeles, Cal on Feb
ruary 24 at Berkeley, and Cal on
March 3 here. They will enter the
Pacific Coast Tourney sometime after
this on a date yet to be announced.
Boxing Coach tTlayton Frye has
lined up four dual meets and a
tournament for his men this quar
ter, to open his first year of work
on the Farm.
The first meet comes up in some
thing over three weeks, and will be
with Cal Aggies at Davis. Stanford
boxers will meet U.C.L.A. on Febru
ary 19 at Los Angeles, Cal on Feb
ruary 24 at Berkeley, and Cal on
March 3 here. They will enter the
Pacific Coast Tourney sometime after
this on a date yet to be announced.
Boxing Coach tTlayton Frye has
lined up four dual meets and a
tournament for his men this quar
ter, to open his first year of work
on the Farm.
The first meet comes up in some
thing over three weeks, and will be
with Cal Aggies at Davis. Stanford
boxers will meet U.C.L.A. on Febru
ary 19 at Los Angeles, Cal on Feb
ruary 24 at Berkeley, and Cal on
March 3 here. They will enter the
Pacific Coast Tourney sometime after
this on a date yet to be announced.
Boxing Coach tTlayton Frye has
lined up four dual meets and a
tournament for his men this quar
ter, to open his first year of work
on the Farm.
The first meet comes up in some
thing over three weeks, and will be
with Cal Aggies at Davis. Stanford
boxers will meet U.C.L.A. on Febru
ary 19 at Los Angeles, Cal on Feb
ruary 24 at Berkeley, and Cal on
March 3 here. They will enter the
Pacific Coast Tourney sometime after
this on a date yet to be announced.
Boxing Coach tTlayton Frye has
lined up four dual meets and a
tournament for his men this quar
ter, to open his first year of work
on the Farm.
The first meet comes up in some
thing over three weeks, and will be
with Cal Aggies at Davis. Stanford
boxers will meet U.C.L.A. on Febru
ary 19 at Los Angeles, Cal on Feb
ruary 24 at Berkeley, and Cal on
March 3 here. They will enter the
Pacific Coast Tourney sometime after
this on a date yet to be announced.
Boxing Coach tTlayton Frye has
lined up four dual meets and a
tournament for his men this quar
ter, to open his first year of work
on the Farm.
The first meet comes up in some
thing over three weeks, and will be
with Cal Aggies at Davis. Stanford
boxers will meet U.C.L.A. on Febru
ary 19 at Los Angeles, Cal on Feb
ruary 24 at Berkeley, and Cal on
March 3 here. They will enter the
Pacific Coast Tourney sometime after
this on a date yet to be announced.
Boxing Coach tTlayton Frye has
lined up four dual meets and a
tournament for his men this quar
ter, to open his first year of work
on the Farm.
The first meet comes up in some
thing over three weeks, and will be
with Cal Aggies at Davis. Stanford
boxers will meet U.C.L.A. on Febru
ary 19 at Los Angeles, Cal on Feb
ruary 24 at Berkeley, and Cal on
March 3 here. They will enter the
Pacific Coast Tourney sometime after
this on a date yet to be announced.
Boxing Coach tTlayton Frye has
lined up four dual meets and a
tournament for his men this quar
ter, to open his first year of work
on the Farm.
The first meet comes up in some
thing over three weeks, and will be
with Cal Aggies at Davis. Stanford
boxers will meet U.C.L.A. on Febru
ary 19 at Los Angeles, Cal on Feb
ruary 24 at Berkeley, and Cal on
March 3 here. They will enter the
Pacific Coast Tourney sometime after
this on a date yet to be announced.
Boxing Coach tTlayton Frye has
lined up four dual meets and a
tournament for his men this quar
ter, to open his first year of work
on the Farm.
The first meet comes up in some
thing over three weeks, and will be
with Cal Aggies at Davis. Stanford
boxers will meet U.C.L.A. on Febru
ary 19 at Los Angeles, Cal on Feb
ruary 24 at Berkeley, and Cal on
March 3 here. They will enter the
Pacific Coast Tourney sometime after
this on a date yet to be announced.
Boxing Coach tTlayton Frye has
lined up four dual meets and a
tournament for his men this quar
ter, to open his first year of work
on the Farm.
The first meet comes up in some
thing over three weeks, and will be
with Cal Aggies at Davis. Stanford
boxers will meet U.C.L.A. on Febru
ary 19 at Los Angeles, Cal on Feb
ruary 24 at Berkeley, and Cal on
March 3 here. They will enter the
Pacific Coast Tourney sometime after
this on a date yet to be announced.
