# NEW CITY PICKS MAYOR
## 
### 
SHAFTER, Calif., Jan. 25 (UP).—
Peter Ohanneson, first mayor of
Shafter, California's youngest in
corporated community, took office
today following his election at the
initial meeting of the new city coun
cil last night.
SHAFTER, Calif., Jan. 25 (UP).—
Peter Ohanneson, first mayor of
Shafter, California's youngest in
corporated community, took office
today following his election at the
initial meeting of the new city coun
cil last night.
SHAFTER, Calif., Jan. 25 (UP).—
Peter Ohanneson, first mayor of
Shafter, California's youngest in
corporated community, took office
today following his election at the
initial meeting of the new city coun
cil last night.
SHAFTER, Calif., Jan. 25 (UP).—
Peter Ohanneson, first mayor of
Shafter, California's youngest in
corporated community, took office
today following his election at the
initial meeting of the new city coun
cil last night.
SHAFTER, Calif., Jan. 25 (UP).—
Peter Ohanneson, first mayor of
Shafter, California's youngest in
corporated community, took office
today following his election at the
initial meeting of the new city coun
cil last night.
SHAFTER, Calif., Jan. 25 (UP).—
Peter Ohanneson, first mayor of
Shafter, California's youngest in
corporated community, took office
today following his election at the
initial meeting of the new city coun
cil last night.
SHAFTER, Calif., Jan. 25 (UP).—
Peter Ohanneson, first mayor of
Shafter, California's youngest in
corporated community, took office
today following his election at the
initial meeting of the new city coun
cil last night.
SHAFTER, Calif., Jan. 25 (UP).—
Peter Ohanneson, first mayor of
Shafter, California's youngest in
corporated community, took office
today following his election at the
initial meeting of the new city coun
cil last night.
SHAFTER, Calif., Jan. 25 (UP).—
Peter Ohanneson, first mayor of
Shafter, California's youngest in
corporated community, took office
today following his election at the
initial meeting of the new city coun
cil last night.
SHAFTER, Calif., Jan. 25 (UP).—
Peter Ohanneson, first mayor of
Shafter, California's youngest in
corporated community, took office
today following his election at the
initial meeting of the new city coun
cil last night.
SHAFTER, Calif., Jan. 25 (UP).—
Peter Ohanneson, first mayor of
Shafter, California's youngest in
corporated community, took office
today following his election at the
initial meeting of the new city coun
cil last night.
SHAFTER, Calif., Jan. 25 (UP).—
Peter Ohanneson, first mayor of
Shafter, California's youngest in
corporated community, took office
today following his election at the
initial meeting of the new city coun
cil last night.
SHAFTER, Calif., Jan. 25 (UP).—
Peter Ohanneson, first mayor of
Shafter, California's youngest in
corporated community, took office
today following his election at the
initial meeting of the new city coun
cil last night.
SHAFTER, Calif., Jan. 25 (UP).—
Peter Ohanneson, first mayor of
Shafter, California's youngest in
corporated community, took office
today following his election at the
initial meeting of the new city coun
cil last night.
SHAFTER, Calif., Jan. 25 (UP).—
Peter Ohanneson, first mayor of
Shafter, California's youngest in
corporated community, took office
today following his election at the
initial meeting of the new city coun
cil last night.
