# VARSITY BASEBALL SQUAD TO TACKLE SEMI-PRO OUTFIT
## Lee's Haberdashery Nine Boasts Big League Ball Players 
### 
Coach Wolter's varsity diamond
artists will take on the highly
touted Lee's Haberdashery nine at
3:15 o'clock this afternoon in the
varsity ball orchard. This will be
the varsity's fourth appearance of
the year, with a record of one vic
tory and two defeats.
Outside of the news that the
semi-pro outfit is reputed to be up
to its usual standard, little is
known of its personnel. If is said
that Fenlon, regular first-baseman
of the Oakland team of the Coast
League, will play first for the visi
tors, and that Larry Bt ttencourt,
former football ami baseball star
at St. Mary's and now affiliated
with the St. Louis Browns in the
Big Leagues, will be behind tli"
plate. At any rate, there will be a
bunch of good ringers to give the
varsity plenty of competition.
Sinus trouble and a hand blister
may keep Perry Taylor out of the
Stanford lineup, in which case Wal
ter Leveren'4 will do the twirling
for the Cards. Oswill will .catch,
Wright, Churchill, Laird, and John
son will play tin- infield, and Hun
ken, ILintala, and Campbell will
patrol the outer gardens.
Coach Wolter's varsity diamond
artists will take on the highly
touted Lee's Haberdashery nine at
3:15 o'clock this afternoon in the
varsity ball orchard. This will be
the varsity's fourth appearance of
the year, with a record of one vic
tory and two defeats.
Outside of the news that the
semi-pro outfit is reputed to be up
to its usual standard, little is
known of its personnel. If is said
that Fenlon, regular first-baseman
of the Oakland team of the Coast
League, will play first for the visi
tors, and that Larry Bt ttencourt,
former football ami baseball star
at St. Mary's and now affiliated
with the St. Louis Browns in the
Big Leagues, will be behind tli"
plate. At any rate, there will be a
bunch of good ringers to give the
varsity plenty of competition.
Sinus trouble and a hand blister
may keep Perry Taylor out of the
Stanford lineup, in which case Wal
ter Leveren'4 will do the twirling
for the Cards. Oswill will .catch,
Wright, Churchill, Laird, and John
son will play tin- infield, and Hun
ken, ILintala, and Campbell will
patrol the outer gardens.
Coach Wolter's varsity diamond
artists will take on the highly
touted Lee's Haberdashery nine at
3:15 o'clock this afternoon in the
varsity ball orchard. This will be
the varsity's fourth appearance of
the year, with a record of one vic
tory and two defeats.
Outside of the news that the
semi-pro outfit is reputed to be up
to its usual standard, little is
known of its personnel. If is said
that Fenlon, regular first-baseman
of the Oakland team of the Coast
League, will play first for the visi
tors, and that Larry Bt ttencourt,
former football ami baseball star
at St. Mary's and now affiliated
with the St. Louis Browns in the
Big Leagues, will be behind tli"
plate. At any rate, there will be a
bunch of good ringers to give the
varsity plenty of competition.
Sinus trouble and a hand blister
may keep Perry Taylor out of the
Stanford lineup, in which case Wal
ter Leveren'4 will do the twirling
for the Cards. Oswill will .catch,
Wright, Churchill, Laird, and John
son will play tin- infield, and Hun
ken, ILintala, and Campbell will
patrol the outer gardens.
Coach Wolter's varsity diamond
artists will take on the highly
touted Lee's Haberdashery nine at
3:15 o'clock this afternoon in the
varsity ball orchard. This will be
the varsity's fourth appearance of
the year, with a record of one vic
tory and two defeats.
Outside of the news that the
semi-pro outfit is reputed to be up
to its usual standard, little is
known of its personnel. If is said
that Fenlon, regular first-baseman
of the Oakland team of the Coast
League, will play first for the visi
tors, and that Larry Bt ttencourt,
former football ami baseball star
at St. Mary's and now affiliated
with the St. Louis Browns in the
Big Leagues, will be behind tli"
plate. At any rate, there will be a
bunch of good ringers to give the
varsity plenty of competition.
Sinus trouble and a hand blister
may keep Perry Taylor out of the
Stanford lineup, in which case Wal
ter Leveren'4 will do the twirling
for the Cards. Oswill will .catch,
Wright, Churchill, Laird, and John
son will play tin- infield, and Hun
ken, ILintala, and Campbell will
patrol the outer gardens.
Coach Wolter's varsity diamond
artists will take on the highly
touted Lee's Haberdashery nine at
3:15 o'clock this afternoon in the
varsity ball orchard. This will be
the varsity's fourth appearance of
the year, with a record of one vic
tory and two defeats.
Outside of the news that the
semi-pro outfit is reputed to be up
to its usual standard, little is
known of its personnel. If is said
that Fenlon, regular first-baseman
of the Oakland team of the Coast
League, will play first for the visi
tors, and that Larry Bt ttencourt,
former football ami baseball star
at St. Mary's and now affiliated
with the St. Louis Browns in the
Big Leagues, will be behind tli"
plate. At any rate, there will be a
bunch of good ringers to give the
varsity plenty of competition.
Sinus trouble and a hand blister
may keep Perry Taylor out of the
Stanford lineup, in which case Wal
ter Leveren'4 will do the twirling
for the Cards. Oswill will .catch,
Wright, Churchill, Laird, and John
son will play tin- infield, and Hun
ken, ILintala, and Campbell will
patrol the outer gardens.
Coach Wolter's varsity diamond
artists will take on the highly
touted Lee's Haberdashery nine at
3:15 o'clock this afternoon in the
varsity ball orchard. This will be
the varsity's fourth appearance of
the year, with a record of one vic
tory and two defeats.
Outside of the news that the
semi-pro outfit is reputed to be up
to its usual standard, little is
known of its personnel. If is said
that Fenlon, regular first-baseman
of the Oakland team of the Coast
League, will play first for the visi
tors, and that Larry Bt ttencourt,
former football ami baseball star
at St. Mary's and now affiliated
with the St. Louis Browns in the
Big Leagues, will be behind tli"
plate. At any rate, there will be a
bunch of good ringers to give the
varsity plenty of competition.
Sinus trouble and a hand blister
may keep Perry Taylor out of the
Stanford lineup, in which case Wal
ter Leveren'4 will do the twirling
for the Cards. Oswill will .catch,
Wright, Churchill, Laird, and John
son will play tin- infield, and Hun
ken, ILintala, and Campbell will
patrol the outer gardens.
Coach Wolter's varsity diamond
artists will take on the highly
touted Lee's Haberdashery nine at
3:15 o'clock this afternoon in the
varsity ball orchard. This will be
the varsity's fourth appearance of
the year, with a record of one vic
tory and two defeats.
Outside of the news that the
semi-pro outfit is reputed to be up
to its usual standard, little is
known of its personnel. If is said
that Fenlon, regular first-baseman
of the Oakland team of the Coast
League, will play first for the visi
tors, and that Larry Bt ttencourt,
former football ami baseball star
at St. Mary's and now affiliated
with the St. Louis Browns in the
Big Leagues, will be behind tli"
plate. At any rate, there will be a
bunch of good ringers to give the
varsity plenty of competition.
Sinus trouble and a hand blister
may keep Perry Taylor out of the
Stanford lineup, in which case Wal
ter Leveren'4 will do the twirling
for the Cards. Oswill will .catch,
Wright, Churchill, Laird, and John
son will play tin- infield, and Hun
ken, ILintala, and Campbell will
patrol the outer gardens.
Coach Wolter's varsity diamond
artists will take on the highly
touted Lee's Haberdashery nine at
3:15 o'clock this afternoon in the
varsity ball orchard. This will be
the varsity's fourth appearance of
the year, with a record of one vic
tory and two defeats.
Outside of the news that the
semi-pro outfit is reputed to be up
to its usual standard, little is
known of its personnel. If is said
that Fenlon, regular first-baseman
of the Oakland team of the Coast
League, will play first for the visi
tors, and that Larry Bt ttencourt,
former football ami baseball star
at St. Mary's and now affiliated
with the St. Louis Browns in the
Big Leagues, will be behind tli"
plate. At any rate, there will be a
bunch of good ringers to give the
varsity plenty of competition.
Sinus trouble and a hand blister
may keep Perry Taylor out of the
Stanford lineup, in which case Wal
ter Leveren'4 will do the twirling
for the Cards. Oswill will .catch,
Wright, Churchill, Laird, and John
son will play tin- infield, and Hun
ken, ILintala, and Campbell will
patrol the outer gardens.
Coach Wolter's varsity diamond
artists will take on the highly
touted Lee's Haberdashery nine at
3:15 o'clock this afternoon in the
varsity ball orchard. This will be
the varsity's fourth appearance of
the year, with a record of one vic
tory and two defeats.
Outside of the news that the
semi-pro outfit is reputed to be up
to its usual standard, little is
known of its personnel. If is said
that Fenlon, regular first-baseman
of the Oakland team of the Coast
League, will play first for the visi
tors, and that Larry Bt ttencourt,
former football ami baseball star
at St. Mary's and now affiliated
with the St. Louis Browns in the
Big Leagues, will be behind tli"
plate. At any rate, there will be a
bunch of good ringers to give the
varsity plenty of competition.
Sinus trouble and a hand blister
may keep Perry Taylor out of the
Stanford lineup, in which case Wal
ter Leveren'4 will do the twirling
for the Cards. Oswill will .catch,
Wright, Churchill, Laird, and John
son will play tin- infield, and Hun
ken, ILintala, and Campbell will
patrol the outer gardens.
Coach Wolter's varsity diamond
artists will take on the highly
touted Lee's Haberdashery nine at
3:15 o'clock this afternoon in the
varsity ball orchard. This will be
the varsity's fourth appearance of
the year, with a record of one vic
tory and two defeats.
Outside of the news that the
semi-pro outfit is reputed to be up
to its usual standard, little is
known of its personnel. If is said
that Fenlon, regular first-baseman
of the Oakland team of the Coast
League, will play first for the visi
tors, and that Larry Bt ttencourt,
former football ami baseball star
at St. Mary's and now affiliated
with the St. Louis Browns in the
Big Leagues, will be behind tli"
plate. At any rate, there will be a
bunch of good ringers to give the
varsity plenty of competition.
Sinus trouble and a hand blister
may keep Perry Taylor out of the
Stanford lineup, in which case Wal
ter Leveren'4 will do the twirling
for the Cards. Oswill will .catch,
Wright, Churchill, Laird, and John
son will play tin- infield, and Hun
ken, ILintala, and Campbell will
patrol the outer gardens.
Coach Wolter's varsity diamond
artists will take on the highly
touted Lee's Haberdashery nine at
3:15 o'clock this afternoon in the
varsity ball orchard. This will be
the varsity's fourth appearance of
the year, with a record of one vic
tory and two defeats.
Outside of the news that the
semi-pro outfit is reputed to be up
to its usual standard, little is
known of its personnel. If is said
that Fenlon, regular first-baseman
of the Oakland team of the Coast
League, will play first for the visi
tors, and that Larry Bt ttencourt,
former football ami baseball star
at St. Mary's and now affiliated
with the St. Louis Browns in the
Big Leagues, will be behind tli"
plate. At any rate, there will be a
bunch of good ringers to give the
varsity plenty of competition.
Sinus trouble and a hand blister
may keep Perry Taylor out of the
Stanford lineup, in which case Wal
ter Leveren'4 will do the twirling
for the Cards. Oswill will .catch,
Wright, Churchill, Laird, and John
son will play tin- infield, and Hun
ken, ILintala, and Campbell will
patrol the outer gardens.
Coach Wolter's varsity diamond
artists will take on the highly
touted Lee's Haberdashery nine at
3:15 o'clock this afternoon in the
varsity ball orchard. This will be
the varsity's fourth appearance of
the year, with a record of one vic
tory and two defeats.
Outside of the news that the
semi-pro outfit is reputed to be up
to its usual standard, little is
known of its personnel. If is said
that Fenlon, regular first-baseman
of the Oakland team of the Coast
League, will play first for the visi
tors, and that Larry Bt ttencourt,
former football ami baseball star
at St. Mary's and now affiliated
with the St. Louis Browns in the
Big Leagues, will be behind tli"
plate. At any rate, there will be a
bunch of good ringers to give the
varsity plenty of competition.
Sinus trouble and a hand blister
may keep Perry Taylor out of the
Stanford lineup, in which case Wal
ter Leveren'4 will do the twirling
for the Cards. Oswill will .catch,
Wright, Churchill, Laird, and John
son will play tin- infield, and Hun
ken, ILintala, and Campbell will
patrol the outer gardens.
Coach Wolter's varsity diamond
artists will take on the highly
touted Lee's Haberdashery nine at
3:15 o'clock this afternoon in the
varsity ball orchard. This will be
the varsity's fourth appearance of
the year, with a record of one vic
tory and two defeats.
Outside of the news that the
semi-pro outfit is reputed to be up
to its usual standard, little is
known of its personnel. If is said
that Fenlon, regular first-baseman
of the Oakland team of the Coast
League, will play first for the visi
tors, and that Larry Bt ttencourt,
former football ami baseball star
at St. Mary's and now affiliated
with the St. Louis Browns in the
Big Leagues, will be behind tli"
plate. At any rate, there will be a
bunch of good ringers to give the
varsity plenty of competition.
Sinus trouble and a hand blister
may keep Perry Taylor out of the
Stanford lineup, in which case Wal
ter Leveren'4 will do the twirling
for the Cards. Oswill will .catch,
Wright, Churchill, Laird, and John
son will play tin- infield, and Hun
ken, ILintala, and Campbell will
patrol the outer gardens.
Coach Wolter's varsity diamond
artists will take on the highly
touted Lee's Haberdashery nine at
3:15 o'clock this afternoon in the
varsity ball orchard. This will be
the varsity's fourth appearance of
the year, with a record of one vic
tory and two defeats.
Outside of the news that the
semi-pro outfit is reputed to be up
to its usual standard, little is
known of its personnel. If is said
that Fenlon, regular first-baseman
of the Oakland team of the Coast
League, will play first for the visi
tors, and that Larry Bt ttencourt,
former football ami baseball star
at St. Mary's and now affiliated
with the St. Louis Browns in the
Big Leagues, will be behind tli"
plate. At any rate, there will be a
bunch of good ringers to give the
varsity plenty of competition.
Sinus trouble and a hand blister
may keep Perry Taylor out of the
Stanford lineup, in which case Wal
ter Leveren'4 will do the twirling
for the Cards. Oswill will .catch,
Wright, Churchill, Laird, and John
son will play tin- infield, and Hun
ken, ILintala, and Campbell will
patrol the outer gardens.
Coach Wolter's varsity diamond
artists will take on the highly
touted Lee's Haberdashery nine at
3:15 o'clock this afternoon in the
varsity ball orchard. This will be
the varsity's fourth appearance of
the year, with a record of one vic
tory and two defeats.
Outside of the news that the
semi-pro outfit is reputed to be up
to its usual standard, little is
known of its personnel. If is said
that Fenlon, regular first-baseman
of the Oakland team of the Coast
League, will play first for the visi
tors, and that Larry Bt ttencourt,
former football ami baseball star
at St. Mary's and now affiliated
with the St. Louis Browns in the
Big Leagues, will be behind tli"
plate. At any rate, there will be a
bunch of good ringers to give the
varsity plenty of competition.
Sinus trouble and a hand blister
may keep Perry Taylor out of the
Stanford lineup, in which case Wal
ter Leveren'4 will do the twirling
for the Cards. Oswill will .catch,
Wright, Churchill, Laird, and John
son will play tin- infield, and Hun
ken, ILintala, and Campbell will
patrol the outer gardens.
