# HELVENSTON NAMES 16 TRYOUTEES FOR ENGLISH CLUB PLAY
## 
### 
As ;i result ot, yesterday's prelimi
nary tryouts for the- F.nglish Club
play, "Granite," the following 16 stu
dents are requested to meet at the
Little Theater today at 4 o'clock, ac
cording to Harold Helvenston, acting
director of dramatics:
Tom Watt, Kchnund North, Ward
Foultz, Lewis Ncwbaucr, Alfred
Leonhardt, John Huncke, Douglas
Gregg, Kat her inc Kclio, M-arienne
Smith. Gladys Grofoot, Lucilc Mor
gan, Paul Spcegle, Kben Stromquist,
Boh Gathcart, Bradley Pischcl, Ray
Lnulman.
Intensive work on the play, which is
to be presented here next month, will
begin immediately alter the produc
tion of "The Mistress of the Inn."
"Granite," which is a story of the
soil, will have its world amateur pre
i miere here.
As ;i result ot, yesterday's prelimi
nary tryouts for the- F.nglish Club
play, "Granite," the following 16 stu
dents are requested to meet at the
Little Theater today at 4 o'clock, ac
cording to Harold Helvenston, acting
director of dramatics:
Tom Watt, Kchnund North, Ward
Foultz, Lewis Ncwbaucr, Alfred
Leonhardt, John Huncke, Douglas
Gregg, Kat her inc Kclio, M-arienne
Smith. Gladys Grofoot, Lucilc Mor
gan, Paul Spcegle, Kben Stromquist,
Boh Gathcart, Bradley Pischcl, Ray
Lnulman.
Intensive work on the play, which is
to be presented here next month, will
begin immediately alter the produc
tion of "The Mistress of the Inn."
"Granite," which is a story of the
soil, will have its world amateur pre
i miere here.
As ;i result ot, yesterday's prelimi
nary tryouts for the- F.nglish Club
play, "Granite," the following 16 stu
dents are requested to meet at the
Little Theater today at 4 o'clock, ac
cording to Harold Helvenston, acting
director of dramatics:
Tom Watt, Kchnund North, Ward
Foultz, Lewis Ncwbaucr, Alfred
Leonhardt, John Huncke, Douglas
Gregg, Kat her inc Kclio, M-arienne
Smith. Gladys Grofoot, Lucilc Mor
gan, Paul Spcegle, Kben Stromquist,
Boh Gathcart, Bradley Pischcl, Ray
Lnulman.
Intensive work on the play, which is
to be presented here next month, will
begin immediately alter the produc
tion of "The Mistress of the Inn."
"Granite," which is a story of the
soil, will have its world amateur pre
i miere here.
As ;i result ot, yesterday's prelimi
nary tryouts for the- F.nglish Club
play, "Granite," the following 16 stu
dents are requested to meet at the
Little Theater today at 4 o'clock, ac
cording to Harold Helvenston, acting
director of dramatics:
Tom Watt, Kchnund North, Ward
Foultz, Lewis Ncwbaucr, Alfred
Leonhardt, John Huncke, Douglas
Gregg, Kat her inc Kclio, M-arienne
Smith. Gladys Grofoot, Lucilc Mor
gan, Paul Spcegle, Kben Stromquist,
Boh Gathcart, Bradley Pischcl, Ray
Lnulman.
Intensive work on the play, which is
to be presented here next month, will
begin immediately alter the produc
tion of "The Mistress of the Inn."
"Granite," which is a story of the
soil, will have its world amateur pre
i miere here.
As ;i result ot, yesterday's prelimi
nary tryouts for the- F.nglish Club
play, "Granite," the following 16 stu
dents are requested to meet at the
Little Theater today at 4 o'clock, ac
cording to Harold Helvenston, acting
director of dramatics:
Tom Watt, Kchnund North, Ward
Foultz, Lewis Ncwbaucr, Alfred
Leonhardt, John Huncke, Douglas
Gregg, Kat her inc Kclio, M-arienne
Smith. Gladys Grofoot, Lucilc Mor
gan, Paul Spcegle, Kben Stromquist,
Boh Gathcart, Bradley Pischcl, Ray
Lnulman.
Intensive work on the play, which is
to be presented here next month, will
begin immediately alter the produc
tion of "The Mistress of the Inn."
"Granite," which is a story of the
soil, will have its world amateur pre
i miere here.
As ;i result ot, yesterday's prelimi
nary tryouts for the- F.nglish Club
play, "Granite," the following 16 stu
dents are requested to meet at the
Little Theater today at 4 o'clock, ac
cording to Harold Helvenston, acting
director of dramatics:
Tom Watt, Kchnund North, Ward
Foultz, Lewis Ncwbaucr, Alfred
Leonhardt, John Huncke, Douglas
Gregg, Kat her inc Kclio, M-arienne
Smith. Gladys Grofoot, Lucilc Mor
gan, Paul Spcegle, Kben Stromquist,
Boh Gathcart, Bradley Pischcl, Ray
Lnulman.
Intensive work on the play, which is
to be presented here next month, will
begin immediately alter the produc
tion of "The Mistress of the Inn."
"Granite," which is a story of the
soil, will have its world amateur pre
i miere here.
As ;i result ot, yesterday's prelimi
nary tryouts for the- F.nglish Club
play, "Granite," the following 16 stu
dents are requested to meet at the
Little Theater today at 4 o'clock, ac
cording to Harold Helvenston, acting
director of dramatics:
Tom Watt, Kchnund North, Ward
Foultz, Lewis Ncwbaucr, Alfred
Leonhardt, John Huncke, Douglas
Gregg, Kat her inc Kclio, M-arienne
Smith. Gladys Grofoot, Lucilc Mor
gan, Paul Spcegle, Kben Stromquist,
Boh Gathcart, Bradley Pischcl, Ray
Lnulman.
Intensive work on the play, which is
to be presented here next month, will
begin immediately alter the produc
tion of "The Mistress of the Inn."
"Granite," which is a story of the
soil, will have its world amateur pre
i miere here.
As ;i result ot, yesterday's prelimi
nary tryouts for the- F.nglish Club
play, "Granite," the following 16 stu
dents are requested to meet at the
Little Theater today at 4 o'clock, ac
cording to Harold Helvenston, acting
director of dramatics:
Tom Watt, Kchnund North, Ward
Foultz, Lewis Ncwbaucr, Alfred
Leonhardt, John Huncke, Douglas
Gregg, Kat her inc Kclio, M-arienne
Smith. Gladys Grofoot, Lucilc Mor
gan, Paul Spcegle, Kben Stromquist,
Boh Gathcart, Bradley Pischcl, Ray
Lnulman.
Intensive work on the play, which is
to be presented here next month, will
begin immediately alter the produc
tion of "The Mistress of the Inn."
"Granite," which is a story of the
soil, will have its world amateur pre
i miere here.
As ;i result ot, yesterday's prelimi
nary tryouts for the- F.nglish Club
play, "Granite," the following 16 stu
dents are requested to meet at the
Little Theater today at 4 o'clock, ac
cording to Harold Helvenston, acting
director of dramatics:
Tom Watt, Kchnund North, Ward
Foultz, Lewis Ncwbaucr, Alfred
Leonhardt, John Huncke, Douglas
Gregg, Kat her inc Kclio, M-arienne
Smith. Gladys Grofoot, Lucilc Mor
gan, Paul Spcegle, Kben Stromquist,
Boh Gathcart, Bradley Pischcl, Ray
Lnulman.
Intensive work on the play, which is
to be presented here next month, will
begin immediately alter the produc
tion of "The Mistress of the Inn."
"Granite," which is a story of the
soil, will have its world amateur pre
i miere here.
As ;i result ot, yesterday's prelimi
nary tryouts for the- F.nglish Club
play, "Granite," the following 16 stu
dents are requested to meet at the
Little Theater today at 4 o'clock, ac
cording to Harold Helvenston, acting
director of dramatics:
Tom Watt, Kchnund North, Ward
Foultz, Lewis Ncwbaucr, Alfred
Leonhardt, John Huncke, Douglas
Gregg, Kat her inc Kclio, M-arienne
Smith. Gladys Grofoot, Lucilc Mor
gan, Paul Spcegle, Kben Stromquist,
Boh Gathcart, Bradley Pischcl, Ray
Lnulman.
Intensive work on the play, which is
to be presented here next month, will
begin immediately alter the produc
tion of "The Mistress of the Inn."
"Granite," which is a story of the
soil, will have its world amateur pre
i miere here.
As ;i result ot, yesterday's prelimi
nary tryouts for the- F.nglish Club
play, "Granite," the following 16 stu
dents are requested to meet at the
Little Theater today at 4 o'clock, ac
cording to Harold Helvenston, acting
director of dramatics:
Tom Watt, Kchnund North, Ward
Foultz, Lewis Ncwbaucr, Alfred
Leonhardt, John Huncke, Douglas
Gregg, Kat her inc Kclio, M-arienne
Smith. Gladys Grofoot, Lucilc Mor
gan, Paul Spcegle, Kben Stromquist,
Boh Gathcart, Bradley Pischcl, Ray
Lnulman.
Intensive work on the play, which is
to be presented here next month, will
begin immediately alter the produc
tion of "The Mistress of the Inn."
"Granite," which is a story of the
soil, will have its world amateur pre
i miere here.
As ;i result ot, yesterday's prelimi
nary tryouts for the- F.nglish Club
play, "Granite," the following 16 stu
dents are requested to meet at the
Little Theater today at 4 o'clock, ac
cording to Harold Helvenston, acting
director of dramatics:
Tom Watt, Kchnund North, Ward
Foultz, Lewis Ncwbaucr, Alfred
Leonhardt, John Huncke, Douglas
Gregg, Kat her inc Kclio, M-arienne
Smith. Gladys Grofoot, Lucilc Mor
gan, Paul Spcegle, Kben Stromquist,
Boh Gathcart, Bradley Pischcl, Ray
Lnulman.
Intensive work on the play, which is
to be presented here next month, will
begin immediately alter the produc
tion of "The Mistress of the Inn."
"Granite," which is a story of the
soil, will have its world amateur pre
i miere here.
As ;i result ot, yesterday's prelimi
nary tryouts for the- F.nglish Club
play, "Granite," the following 16 stu
dents are requested to meet at the
Little Theater today at 4 o'clock, ac
cording to Harold Helvenston, acting
director of dramatics:
Tom Watt, Kchnund North, Ward
Foultz, Lewis Ncwbaucr, Alfred
Leonhardt, John Huncke, Douglas
Gregg, Kat her inc Kclio, M-arienne
Smith. Gladys Grofoot, Lucilc Mor
gan, Paul Spcegle, Kben Stromquist,
Boh Gathcart, Bradley Pischcl, Ray
Lnulman.
Intensive work on the play, which is
to be presented here next month, will
begin immediately alter the produc
tion of "The Mistress of the Inn."
"Granite," which is a story of the
soil, will have its world amateur pre
i miere here.
As ;i result ot, yesterday's prelimi
nary tryouts for the- F.nglish Club
play, "Granite," the following 16 stu
dents are requested to meet at the
Little Theater today at 4 o'clock, ac
cording to Harold Helvenston, acting
director of dramatics:
Tom Watt, Kchnund North, Ward
Foultz, Lewis Ncwbaucr, Alfred
Leonhardt, John Huncke, Douglas
Gregg, Kat her inc Kclio, M-arienne
Smith. Gladys Grofoot, Lucilc Mor
gan, Paul Spcegle, Kben Stromquist,
Boh Gathcart, Bradley Pischcl, Ray
Lnulman.
Intensive work on the play, which is
to be presented here next month, will
begin immediately alter the produc
tion of "The Mistress of the Inn."
"Granite," which is a story of the
soil, will have its world amateur pre
i miere here.
As ;i result ot, yesterday's prelimi
nary tryouts for the- F.nglish Club
play, "Granite," the following 16 stu
dents are requested to meet at the
Little Theater today at 4 o'clock, ac
cording to Harold Helvenston, acting
director of dramatics:
Tom Watt, Kchnund North, Ward
Foultz, Lewis Ncwbaucr, Alfred
Leonhardt, John Huncke, Douglas
Gregg, Kat her inc Kclio, M-arienne
Smith. Gladys Grofoot, Lucilc Mor
gan, Paul Spcegle, Kben Stromquist,
Boh Gathcart, Bradley Pischcl, Ray
Lnulman.
Intensive work on the play, which is
to be presented here next month, will
begin immediately alter the produc
tion of "The Mistress of the Inn."
"Granite," which is a story of the
soil, will have its world amateur pre
i miere here.
