# SURGICAL DRESSINGS
## 
### 
Yesterday the number of surgical
bandages made by the Red Cross on
the campus fell over 350 below its
quota. The totalm ade- was 629.
Thirteen of the 19 persons who
worked were students. Of the band
ages made, 86 were the 4x4 size, and
543 were 2x2.
Yesterday the number of surgical
bandages made by the Red Cross on
the campus fell over 350 below its
quota. The totalm ade- was 629.
Thirteen of the 19 persons who
worked were students. Of the band
ages made, 86 were the 4x4 size, and
543 were 2x2.
Yesterday the number of surgical
bandages made by the Red Cross on
the campus fell over 350 below its
quota. The totalm ade- was 629.
Thirteen of the 19 persons who
worked were students. Of the band
ages made, 86 were the 4x4 size, and
543 were 2x2.
Yesterday the number of surgical
bandages made by the Red Cross on
the campus fell over 350 below its
quota. The totalm ade- was 629.
Thirteen of the 19 persons who
worked were students. Of the band
ages made, 86 were the 4x4 size, and
543 were 2x2.
Yesterday the number of surgical
bandages made by the Red Cross on
the campus fell over 350 below its
quota. The totalm ade- was 629.
Thirteen of the 19 persons who
worked were students. Of the band
ages made, 86 were the 4x4 size, and
543 were 2x2.
Yesterday the number of surgical
bandages made by the Red Cross on
the campus fell over 350 below its
quota. The totalm ade- was 629.
Thirteen of the 19 persons who
worked were students. Of the band
ages made, 86 were the 4x4 size, and
543 were 2x2.
Yesterday the number of surgical
bandages made by the Red Cross on
the campus fell over 350 below its
quota. The totalm ade- was 629.
Thirteen of the 19 persons who
worked were students. Of the band
ages made, 86 were the 4x4 size, and
543 were 2x2.
Yesterday the number of surgical
bandages made by the Red Cross on
the campus fell over 350 below its
quota. The totalm ade- was 629.
Thirteen of the 19 persons who
worked were students. Of the band
ages made, 86 were the 4x4 size, and
543 were 2x2.
Yesterday the number of surgical
bandages made by the Red Cross on
the campus fell over 350 below its
quota. The totalm ade- was 629.
Thirteen of the 19 persons who
worked were students. Of the band
ages made, 86 were the 4x4 size, and
543 were 2x2.
Yesterday the number of surgical
bandages made by the Red Cross on
the campus fell over 350 below its
quota. The totalm ade- was 629.
Thirteen of the 19 persons who
worked were students. Of the band
ages made, 86 were the 4x4 size, and
543 were 2x2.
Yesterday the number of surgical
bandages made by the Red Cross on
the campus fell over 350 below its
quota. The totalm ade- was 629.
Thirteen of the 19 persons who
worked were students. Of the band
ages made, 86 were the 4x4 size, and
543 were 2x2.
Yesterday the number of surgical
bandages made by the Red Cross on
the campus fell over 350 below its
quota. The totalm ade- was 629.
Thirteen of the 19 persons who
worked were students. Of the band
ages made, 86 were the 4x4 size, and
543 were 2x2.
Yesterday the number of surgical
bandages made by the Red Cross on
the campus fell over 350 below its
quota. The totalm ade- was 629.
Thirteen of the 19 persons who
worked were students. Of the band
ages made, 86 were the 4x4 size, and
543 were 2x2.
Yesterday the number of surgical
bandages made by the Red Cross on
the campus fell over 350 below its
quota. The totalm ade- was 629.
Thirteen of the 19 persons who
worked were students. Of the band
ages made, 86 were the 4x4 size, and
543 were 2x2.
Yesterday the number of surgical
bandages made by the Red Cross on
the campus fell over 350 below its
quota. The totalm ade- was 629.
Thirteen of the 19 persons who
worked were students. Of the band
ages made, 86 were the 4x4 size, and
543 were 2x2.
Yesterday the number of surgical
bandages made by the Red Cross on
the campus fell over 350 below its
quota. The totalm ade- was 629.
Thirteen of the 19 persons who
worked were students. Of the band
ages made, 86 were the 4x4 size, and
543 were 2x2.
