# Anderson's Text Named in 60 Best
## 
### 
Dr. Virgil Anderson's book,
"Training the Speaking Voice," has
been chosen by the American Insti
tute of Graphic Art as one of the 60
best textbooks of the year.
The selection is made on the basis
of excellence of design and format.
The Oxford University Press pub
lished his book, which will be ex
hibited in New York and then dis
played across the country. Dr. An
derson is an associate professor of
speech and drama, and wrote "Train
ing the Speaking Voice" at Stanford.
Dr. Virgil Anderson's book,
"Training the Speaking Voice," has
been chosen by the American Insti
tute of Graphic Art as one of the 60
best textbooks of the year.
The selection is made on the basis
of excellence of design and format.
The Oxford University Press pub
lished his book, which will be ex
hibited in New York and then dis
played across the country. Dr. An
derson is an associate professor of
speech and drama, and wrote "Train
ing the Speaking Voice" at Stanford.
Dr. Virgil Anderson's book,
"Training the Speaking Voice," has
been chosen by the American Insti
tute of Graphic Art as one of the 60
best textbooks of the year.
The selection is made on the basis
of excellence of design and format.
The Oxford University Press pub
lished his book, which will be ex
hibited in New York and then dis
played across the country. Dr. An
derson is an associate professor of
speech and drama, and wrote "Train
ing the Speaking Voice" at Stanford.
Dr. Virgil Anderson's book,
"Training the Speaking Voice," has
been chosen by the American Insti
tute of Graphic Art as one of the 60
best textbooks of the year.
The selection is made on the basis
of excellence of design and format.
The Oxford University Press pub
lished his book, which will be ex
hibited in New York and then dis
played across the country. Dr. An
derson is an associate professor of
speech and drama, and wrote "Train
ing the Speaking Voice" at Stanford.
Dr. Virgil Anderson's book,
"Training the Speaking Voice," has
been chosen by the American Insti
tute of Graphic Art as one of the 60
best textbooks of the year.
The selection is made on the basis
of excellence of design and format.
The Oxford University Press pub
lished his book, which will be ex
hibited in New York and then dis
played across the country. Dr. An
derson is an associate professor of
speech and drama, and wrote "Train
ing the Speaking Voice" at Stanford.
Dr. Virgil Anderson's book,
"Training the Speaking Voice," has
been chosen by the American Insti
tute of Graphic Art as one of the 60
best textbooks of the year.
The selection is made on the basis
of excellence of design and format.
The Oxford University Press pub
lished his book, which will be ex
hibited in New York and then dis
played across the country. Dr. An
derson is an associate professor of
speech and drama, and wrote "Train
ing the Speaking Voice" at Stanford.
Dr. Virgil Anderson's book,
"Training the Speaking Voice," has
been chosen by the American Insti
tute of Graphic Art as one of the 60
best textbooks of the year.
The selection is made on the basis
of excellence of design and format.
The Oxford University Press pub
lished his book, which will be ex
hibited in New York and then dis
played across the country. Dr. An
derson is an associate professor of
speech and drama, and wrote "Train
ing the Speaking Voice" at Stanford.
Dr. Virgil Anderson's book,
"Training the Speaking Voice," has
been chosen by the American Insti
tute of Graphic Art as one of the 60
best textbooks of the year.
The selection is made on the basis
of excellence of design and format.
The Oxford University Press pub
lished his book, which will be ex
hibited in New York and then dis
played across the country. Dr. An
derson is an associate professor of
speech and drama, and wrote "Train
ing the Speaking Voice" at Stanford.
Dr. Virgil Anderson's book,
"Training the Speaking Voice," has
been chosen by the American Insti
tute of Graphic Art as one of the 60
best textbooks of the year.
The selection is made on the basis
of excellence of design and format.
The Oxford University Press pub
lished his book, which will be ex
hibited in New York and then dis
played across the country. Dr. An
derson is an associate professor of
speech and drama, and wrote "Train
ing the Speaking Voice" at Stanford.
Dr. Virgil Anderson's book,
"Training the Speaking Voice," has
been chosen by the American Insti
tute of Graphic Art as one of the 60
best textbooks of the year.
The selection is made on the basis
of excellence of design and format.
The Oxford University Press pub
lished his book, which will be ex
hibited in New York and then dis
played across the country. Dr. An
derson is an associate professor of
speech and drama, and wrote "Train
ing the Speaking Voice" at Stanford.
Dr. Virgil Anderson's book,
"Training the Speaking Voice," has
been chosen by the American Insti
tute of Graphic Art as one of the 60
best textbooks of the year.
The selection is made on the basis
of excellence of design and format.
The Oxford University Press pub
lished his book, which will be ex
hibited in New York and then dis
played across the country. Dr. An
derson is an associate professor of
speech and drama, and wrote "Train
ing the Speaking Voice" at Stanford.
Dr. Virgil Anderson's book,
"Training the Speaking Voice," has
been chosen by the American Insti
tute of Graphic Art as one of the 60
best textbooks of the year.
The selection is made on the basis
of excellence of design and format.
The Oxford University Press pub
lished his book, which will be ex
hibited in New York and then dis
played across the country. Dr. An
derson is an associate professor of
speech and drama, and wrote "Train
ing the Speaking Voice" at Stanford.
Dr. Virgil Anderson's book,
"Training the Speaking Voice," has
been chosen by the American Insti
tute of Graphic Art as one of the 60
best textbooks of the year.
The selection is made on the basis
of excellence of design and format.
The Oxford University Press pub
lished his book, which will be ex
hibited in New York and then dis
played across the country. Dr. An
derson is an associate professor of
speech and drama, and wrote "Train
ing the Speaking Voice" at Stanford.
Dr. Virgil Anderson's book,
"Training the Speaking Voice," has
been chosen by the American Insti
tute of Graphic Art as one of the 60
best textbooks of the year.
The selection is made on the basis
of excellence of design and format.
The Oxford University Press pub
lished his book, which will be ex
hibited in New York and then dis
played across the country. Dr. An
derson is an associate professor of
speech and drama, and wrote "Train
ing the Speaking Voice" at Stanford.
Dr. Virgil Anderson's book,
"Training the Speaking Voice," has
been chosen by the American Insti
tute of Graphic Art as one of the 60
best textbooks of the year.
The selection is made on the basis
of excellence of design and format.
The Oxford University Press pub
lished his book, which will be ex
hibited in New York and then dis
played across the country. Dr. An
derson is an associate professor of
speech and drama, and wrote "Train
ing the Speaking Voice" at Stanford.
Dr. Virgil Anderson's book,
"Training the Speaking Voice," has
been chosen by the American Insti
tute of Graphic Art as one of the 60
best textbooks of the year.
The selection is made on the basis
of excellence of design and format.
The Oxford University Press pub
lished his book, which will be ex
hibited in New York and then dis
played across the country. Dr. An
derson is an associate professor of
speech and drama, and wrote "Train
ing the Speaking Voice" at Stanford.
