# Critic to Speak On Radio and TV
## 
### 
Terrence O'Flaherty, radio-TV
critic for the San Francisco
Chronicle, will speak to speech
and drama students on "The Crit
icism of Television and Radio" lo
night at 8:3(1 in Bowman Alumni
House. His talk will be followed
by an informal discussion.
Terrence O'Flaherty, radio-TV
critic for the San Francisco
Chronicle, will speak to speech
and drama students on "The Crit
icism of Television and Radio" lo
night at 8:3(1 in Bowman Alumni
House. His talk will be followed
by an informal discussion.
Terrence O'Flaherty, radio-TV
critic for the San Francisco
Chronicle, will speak to speech
and drama students on "The Crit
icism of Television and Radio" lo
night at 8:3(1 in Bowman Alumni
House. His talk will be followed
by an informal discussion.
Terrence O'Flaherty, radio-TV
critic for the San Francisco
Chronicle, will speak to speech
and drama students on "The Crit
icism of Television and Radio" lo
night at 8:3(1 in Bowman Alumni
House. His talk will be followed
by an informal discussion.
Terrence O'Flaherty, radio-TV
critic for the San Francisco
Chronicle, will speak to speech
and drama students on "The Crit
icism of Television and Radio" lo
night at 8:3(1 in Bowman Alumni
House. His talk will be followed
by an informal discussion.
Terrence O'Flaherty, radio-TV
critic for the San Francisco
Chronicle, will speak to speech
and drama students on "The Crit
icism of Television and Radio" lo
night at 8:3(1 in Bowman Alumni
House. His talk will be followed
by an informal discussion.
Terrence O'Flaherty, radio-TV
critic for the San Francisco
Chronicle, will speak to speech
and drama students on "The Crit
icism of Television and Radio" lo
night at 8:3(1 in Bowman Alumni
House. His talk will be followed
by an informal discussion.
Terrence O'Flaherty, radio-TV
critic for the San Francisco
Chronicle, will speak to speech
and drama students on "The Crit
icism of Television and Radio" lo
night at 8:3(1 in Bowman Alumni
House. His talk will be followed
by an informal discussion.
Terrence O'Flaherty, radio-TV
critic for the San Francisco
Chronicle, will speak to speech
and drama students on "The Crit
icism of Television and Radio" lo
night at 8:3(1 in Bowman Alumni
House. His talk will be followed
by an informal discussion.
Terrence O'Flaherty, radio-TV
critic for the San Francisco
Chronicle, will speak to speech
and drama students on "The Crit
icism of Television and Radio" lo
night at 8:3(1 in Bowman Alumni
House. His talk will be followed
by an informal discussion.
Terrence O'Flaherty, radio-TV
critic for the San Francisco
Chronicle, will speak to speech
and drama students on "The Crit
icism of Television and Radio" lo
night at 8:3(1 in Bowman Alumni
House. His talk will be followed
by an informal discussion.
Terrence O'Flaherty, radio-TV
critic for the San Francisco
Chronicle, will speak to speech
and drama students on "The Crit
icism of Television and Radio" lo
night at 8:3(1 in Bowman Alumni
House. His talk will be followed
by an informal discussion.
Terrence O'Flaherty, radio-TV
critic for the San Francisco
Chronicle, will speak to speech
and drama students on "The Crit
icism of Television and Radio" lo
night at 8:3(1 in Bowman Alumni
House. His talk will be followed
by an informal discussion.
Terrence O'Flaherty, radio-TV
critic for the San Francisco
Chronicle, will speak to speech
and drama students on "The Crit
icism of Television and Radio" lo
night at 8:3(1 in Bowman Alumni
House. His talk will be followed
by an informal discussion.
Terrence O'Flaherty, radio-TV
critic for the San Francisco
Chronicle, will speak to speech
and drama students on "The Crit
icism of Television and Radio" lo
night at 8:3(1 in Bowman Alumni
House. His talk will be followed
by an informal discussion.
Terrence O'Flaherty, radio-TV
critic for the San Francisco
Chronicle, will speak to speech
and drama students on "The Crit
icism of Television and Radio" lo
night at 8:3(1 in Bowman Alumni
House. His talk will be followed
by an informal discussion.
