# Grant Application Deadline Nears
## 
### 
Deadline for filing applications
for university graduate scholar
ships and fellowships is Feb. 15,
according to the-Ol'fice of Finan
cial Aid.
Forms may he obtained at the
office.
Mrs. Virginia Rothwell, finan
cial awards secretary, said that
two fellowships of $1500 each are
being offered by the Pacific Re
gion of American Federation of
Soroptimisl Clubs. Women in any
field of study wilh a bachelor's
degree may use Ihe fellowships
in any accredited school in the
Pacific region.
Application deadline for the
women's fellowships is April 1
and forms may be obtained from
Mrs. Lillian Throne, chairman,
2514 Via Tejon, Palos Verdes Es
tates, Calif.
