# NO CLASSES JULY 3-4
## 
### 
No University classes will be held
on July 3 or July 4, according to an
announcement by the Committee on
Public Exercises. Next issue of The
Daily will appear Thursday, July 6.
No University classes will be held
on July 3 or July 4, according to an
announcement by the Committee on
Public Exercises. Next issue of The
Daily will appear Thursday, July 6.
No University classes will be held
on July 3 or July 4, according to an
announcement by the Committee on
Public Exercises. Next issue of The
Daily will appear Thursday, July 6.
No University classes will be held
on July 3 or July 4, according to an
announcement by the Committee on
Public Exercises. Next issue of The
Daily will appear Thursday, July 6.
No University classes will be held
on July 3 or July 4, according to an
announcement by the Committee on
Public Exercises. Next issue of The
Daily will appear Thursday, July 6.
No University classes will be held
on July 3 or July 4, according to an
announcement by the Committee on
Public Exercises. Next issue of The
Daily will appear Thursday, July 6.
No University classes will be held
on July 3 or July 4, according to an
announcement by the Committee on
Public Exercises. Next issue of The
Daily will appear Thursday, July 6.
No University classes will be held
on July 3 or July 4, according to an
announcement by the Committee on
Public Exercises. Next issue of The
Daily will appear Thursday, July 6.
No University classes will be held
on July 3 or July 4, according to an
announcement by the Committee on
Public Exercises. Next issue of The
Daily will appear Thursday, July 6.
No University classes will be held
on July 3 or July 4, according to an
announcement by the Committee on
Public Exercises. Next issue of The
Daily will appear Thursday, July 6.
No University classes will be held
on July 3 or July 4, according to an
announcement by the Committee on
Public Exercises. Next issue of The
Daily will appear Thursday, July 6.
No University classes will be held
on July 3 or July 4, according to an
announcement by the Committee on
Public Exercises. Next issue of The
Daily will appear Thursday, July 6.
No University classes will be held
on July 3 or July 4, according to an
announcement by the Committee on
Public Exercises. Next issue of The
Daily will appear Thursday, July 6.
No University classes will be held
on July 3 or July 4, according to an
announcement by the Committee on
Public Exercises. Next issue of The
Daily will appear Thursday, July 6.
No University classes will be held
on July 3 or July 4, according to an
announcement by the Committee on
Public Exercises. Next issue of The
Daily will appear Thursday, July 6.
No University classes will be held
on July 3 or July 4, according to an
announcement by the Committee on
Public Exercises. Next issue of The
Daily will appear Thursday, July 6.
