# U.C. Professor Objects To S.F. Gangster Prison
## 
### 
"Alcatraz Island for Federal pris
oners! H's a bad idea," commented
Dr. Herman Arller, professor of psy
chiatry at California across the bay.
Adler objected to the classification
of prisoners according to the crimes
they commit. "The individual con
siderations also ought to bo taken
into account." He also pointed out
111: ' adjacent populations* fears and
emotions would bo aroused by the
quartering of "dangerous gangsters '
so near.
"Alcatraz Island for Federal pris
oners! H's a bad idea," commented
Dr. Herman Arller, professor of psy
chiatry at California across the bay.
Adler objected to the classification
of prisoners according to the crimes
they commit. "The individual con
siderations also ought to bo taken
into account." He also pointed out
111: ' adjacent populations* fears and
emotions would bo aroused by the
quartering of "dangerous gangsters '
so near.
"Alcatraz Island for Federal pris
oners! H's a bad idea," commented
Dr. Herman Arller, professor of psy
chiatry at California across the bay.
Adler objected to the classification
of prisoners according to the crimes
they commit. "The individual con
siderations also ought to bo taken
into account." He also pointed out
111: ' adjacent populations* fears and
emotions would bo aroused by the
quartering of "dangerous gangsters '
so near.
"Alcatraz Island for Federal pris
oners! H's a bad idea," commented
Dr. Herman Arller, professor of psy
chiatry at California across the bay.
Adler objected to the classification
of prisoners according to the crimes
they commit. "The individual con
siderations also ought to bo taken
into account." He also pointed out
111: ' adjacent populations* fears and
emotions would bo aroused by the
quartering of "dangerous gangsters '
so near.
"Alcatraz Island for Federal pris
oners! H's a bad idea," commented
Dr. Herman Arller, professor of psy
chiatry at California across the bay.
Adler objected to the classification
of prisoners according to the crimes
they commit. "The individual con
siderations also ought to bo taken
into account." He also pointed out
111: ' adjacent populations* fears and
emotions would bo aroused by the
quartering of "dangerous gangsters '
so near.
"Alcatraz Island for Federal pris
oners! H's a bad idea," commented
Dr. Herman Arller, professor of psy
chiatry at California across the bay.
Adler objected to the classification
of prisoners according to the crimes
they commit. "The individual con
siderations also ought to bo taken
into account." He also pointed out
111: ' adjacent populations* fears and
emotions would bo aroused by the
quartering of "dangerous gangsters '
so near.
"Alcatraz Island for Federal pris
oners! H's a bad idea," commented
Dr. Herman Arller, professor of psy
chiatry at California across the bay.
Adler objected to the classification
of prisoners according to the crimes
they commit. "The individual con
siderations also ought to bo taken
into account." He also pointed out
111: ' adjacent populations* fears and
emotions would bo aroused by the
quartering of "dangerous gangsters '
so near.
"Alcatraz Island for Federal pris
oners! H's a bad idea," commented
Dr. Herman Arller, professor of psy
chiatry at California across the bay.
Adler objected to the classification
of prisoners according to the crimes
they commit. "The individual con
siderations also ought to bo taken
into account." He also pointed out
111: ' adjacent populations* fears and
emotions would bo aroused by the
quartering of "dangerous gangsters '
so near.
"Alcatraz Island for Federal pris
oners! H's a bad idea," commented
Dr. Herman Arller, professor of psy
chiatry at California across the bay.
Adler objected to the classification
of prisoners according to the crimes
they commit. "The individual con
siderations also ought to bo taken
into account." He also pointed out
111: ' adjacent populations* fears and
emotions would bo aroused by the
quartering of "dangerous gangsters '
so near.
"Alcatraz Island for Federal pris
oners! H's a bad idea," commented
Dr. Herman Arller, professor of psy
chiatry at California across the bay.
Adler objected to the classification
of prisoners according to the crimes
they commit. "The individual con
siderations also ought to bo taken
into account." He also pointed out
111: ' adjacent populations* fears and
emotions would bo aroused by the
quartering of "dangerous gangsters '
so near.
"Alcatraz Island for Federal pris
oners! H's a bad idea," commented
Dr. Herman Arller, professor of psy
chiatry at California across the bay.
Adler objected to the classification
of prisoners according to the crimes
they commit. "The individual con
siderations also ought to bo taken
into account." He also pointed out
111: ' adjacent populations* fears and
emotions would bo aroused by the
quartering of "dangerous gangsters '
so near.
"Alcatraz Island for Federal pris
oners! H's a bad idea," commented
Dr. Herman Arller, professor of psy
chiatry at California across the bay.
Adler objected to the classification
of prisoners according to the crimes
they commit. "The individual con
siderations also ought to bo taken
into account." He also pointed out
111: ' adjacent populations* fears and
emotions would bo aroused by the
quartering of "dangerous gangsters '
so near.
"Alcatraz Island for Federal pris
oners! H's a bad idea," commented
Dr. Herman Arller, professor of psy
chiatry at California across the bay.
Adler objected to the classification
of prisoners according to the crimes
they commit. "The individual con
siderations also ought to bo taken
into account." He also pointed out
111: ' adjacent populations* fears and
emotions would bo aroused by the
quartering of "dangerous gangsters '
so near.
"Alcatraz Island for Federal pris
oners! H's a bad idea," commented
Dr. Herman Arller, professor of psy
chiatry at California across the bay.
Adler objected to the classification
of prisoners according to the crimes
they commit. "The individual con
siderations also ought to bo taken
into account." He also pointed out
111: ' adjacent populations* fears and
emotions would bo aroused by the
quartering of "dangerous gangsters '
so near.
"Alcatraz Island for Federal pris
oners! H's a bad idea," commented
Dr. Herman Arller, professor of psy
chiatry at California across the bay.
Adler objected to the classification
of prisoners according to the crimes
they commit. "The individual con
siderations also ought to bo taken
into account." He also pointed out
111: ' adjacent populations* fears and
emotions would bo aroused by the
quartering of "dangerous gangsters '
so near.
