# SEES STRIKE'S END
## 
### 

Criticized, colorful Governor Rolph has taken tlie roll of strike leader
in the San Joaquin cotton trouble; has announced probable farm loan to
growers; has effected wage compromise; has called conferences to smooth
over all difficulties. (A.P. Photo)

Criticized, colorful Governor Rolph has taken tlie roll of strike leader
in the San Joaquin cotton trouble; has announced probable farm loan to
growers; has effected wage compromise; has called conferences to smooth
over all difficulties. (A.P. Photo)

Criticized, colorful Governor Rolph has taken tlie roll of strike leader
in the San Joaquin cotton trouble; has announced probable farm loan to
growers; has effected wage compromise; has called conferences to smooth
over all difficulties. (A.P. Photo)

Criticized, colorful Governor Rolph has taken tlie roll of strike leader
in the San Joaquin cotton trouble; has announced probable farm loan to
growers; has effected wage compromise; has called conferences to smooth
over all difficulties. (A.P. Photo)

Criticized, colorful Governor Rolph has taken tlie roll of strike leader
in the San Joaquin cotton trouble; has announced probable farm loan to
growers; has effected wage compromise; has called conferences to smooth
over all difficulties. (A.P. Photo)

Criticized, colorful Governor Rolph has taken tlie roll of strike leader
in the San Joaquin cotton trouble; has announced probable farm loan to
growers; has effected wage compromise; has called conferences to smooth
over all difficulties. (A.P. Photo)

Criticized, colorful Governor Rolph has taken tlie roll of strike leader
in the San Joaquin cotton trouble; has announced probable farm loan to
growers; has effected wage compromise; has called conferences to smooth
over all difficulties. (A.P. Photo)

Criticized, colorful Governor Rolph has taken tlie roll of strike leader
in the San Joaquin cotton trouble; has announced probable farm loan to
growers; has effected wage compromise; has called conferences to smooth
over all difficulties. (A.P. Photo)

Criticized, colorful Governor Rolph has taken tlie roll of strike leader
in the San Joaquin cotton trouble; has announced probable farm loan to
growers; has effected wage compromise; has called conferences to smooth
over all difficulties. (A.P. Photo)

Criticized, colorful Governor Rolph has taken tlie roll of strike leader
in the San Joaquin cotton trouble; has announced probable farm loan to
growers; has effected wage compromise; has called conferences to smooth
over all difficulties. (A.P. Photo)

Criticized, colorful Governor Rolph has taken tlie roll of strike leader
in the San Joaquin cotton trouble; has announced probable farm loan to
growers; has effected wage compromise; has called conferences to smooth
over all difficulties. (A.P. Photo)

Criticized, colorful Governor Rolph has taken tlie roll of strike leader
in the San Joaquin cotton trouble; has announced probable farm loan to
growers; has effected wage compromise; has called conferences to smooth
over all difficulties. (A.P. Photo)

Criticized, colorful Governor Rolph has taken tlie roll of strike leader
in the San Joaquin cotton trouble; has announced probable farm loan to
growers; has effected wage compromise; has called conferences to smooth
over all difficulties. (A.P. Photo)

Criticized, colorful Governor Rolph has taken tlie roll of strike leader
in the San Joaquin cotton trouble; has announced probable farm loan to
growers; has effected wage compromise; has called conferences to smooth
over all difficulties. (A.P. Photo)

Criticized, colorful Governor Rolph has taken tlie roll of strike leader
in the San Joaquin cotton trouble; has announced probable farm loan to
growers; has effected wage compromise; has called conferences to smooth
over all difficulties. (A.P. Photo)
