# Frosh Water Poloists Win Prep School Outfit Game
## 
### 
Knifing through Sequoia High
School's best, Nort Thornton's
promising freshmen water poioists
whipped the more inexperienced
paddlers, 9-3.
Captain Hoover of the frosh high
pointed with three goals. Stars Mc-
Kenzie, Peterson were unstoppable.
Well meaning second stringers
came in during the second period to
score three more goals against the
Sequoiamen, but allowed three by
the visitors for their only after
noon's scores.
Knifing through Sequoia High
School's best, Nort Thornton's
promising freshmen water poioists
whipped the more inexperienced
paddlers, 9-3.
Captain Hoover of the frosh high
pointed with three goals. Stars Mc-
Kenzie, Peterson were unstoppable.
Well meaning second stringers
came in during the second period to
score three more goals against the
Sequoiamen, but allowed three by
the visitors for their only after
noon's scores.
Knifing through Sequoia High
School's best, Nort Thornton's
promising freshmen water poioists
whipped the more inexperienced
paddlers, 9-3.
Captain Hoover of the frosh high
pointed with three goals. Stars Mc-
Kenzie, Peterson were unstoppable.
Well meaning second stringers
came in during the second period to
score three more goals against the
Sequoiamen, but allowed three by
the visitors for their only after
noon's scores.
Knifing through Sequoia High
School's best, Nort Thornton's
promising freshmen water poioists
whipped the more inexperienced
paddlers, 9-3.
Captain Hoover of the frosh high
pointed with three goals. Stars Mc-
Kenzie, Peterson were unstoppable.
Well meaning second stringers
came in during the second period to
score three more goals against the
Sequoiamen, but allowed three by
the visitors for their only after
noon's scores.
Knifing through Sequoia High
School's best, Nort Thornton's
promising freshmen water poioists
whipped the more inexperienced
paddlers, 9-3.
Captain Hoover of the frosh high
pointed with three goals. Stars Mc-
Kenzie, Peterson were unstoppable.
Well meaning second stringers
came in during the second period to
score three more goals against the
Sequoiamen, but allowed three by
the visitors for their only after
noon's scores.
Knifing through Sequoia High
School's best, Nort Thornton's
promising freshmen water poioists
whipped the more inexperienced
paddlers, 9-3.
Captain Hoover of the frosh high
pointed with three goals. Stars Mc-
Kenzie, Peterson were unstoppable.
Well meaning second stringers
came in during the second period to
score three more goals against the
Sequoiamen, but allowed three by
the visitors for their only after
noon's scores.
Knifing through Sequoia High
School's best, Nort Thornton's
promising freshmen water poioists
whipped the more inexperienced
paddlers, 9-3.
Captain Hoover of the frosh high
pointed with three goals. Stars Mc-
Kenzie, Peterson were unstoppable.
Well meaning second stringers
came in during the second period to
score three more goals against the
Sequoiamen, but allowed three by
the visitors for their only after
noon's scores.
Knifing through Sequoia High
School's best, Nort Thornton's
promising freshmen water poioists
whipped the more inexperienced
paddlers, 9-3.
Captain Hoover of the frosh high
pointed with three goals. Stars Mc-
Kenzie, Peterson were unstoppable.
Well meaning second stringers
came in during the second period to
score three more goals against the
Sequoiamen, but allowed three by
the visitors for their only after
noon's scores.
Knifing through Sequoia High
School's best, Nort Thornton's
promising freshmen water poioists
whipped the more inexperienced
paddlers, 9-3.
Captain Hoover of the frosh high
pointed with three goals. Stars Mc-
Kenzie, Peterson were unstoppable.
Well meaning second stringers
came in during the second period to
score three more goals against the
Sequoiamen, but allowed three by
the visitors for their only after
noon's scores.
Knifing through Sequoia High
School's best, Nort Thornton's
promising freshmen water poioists
whipped the more inexperienced
paddlers, 9-3.
Captain Hoover of the frosh high
pointed with three goals. Stars Mc-
Kenzie, Peterson were unstoppable.
Well meaning second stringers
came in during the second period to
score three more goals against the
Sequoiamen, but allowed three by
the visitors for their only after
noon's scores.
Knifing through Sequoia High
School's best, Nort Thornton's
promising freshmen water poioists
whipped the more inexperienced
paddlers, 9-3.
Captain Hoover of the frosh high
pointed with three goals. Stars Mc-
Kenzie, Peterson were unstoppable.
Well meaning second stringers
came in during the second period to
score three more goals against the
Sequoiamen, but allowed three by
the visitors for their only after
noon's scores.
Knifing through Sequoia High
School's best, Nort Thornton's
promising freshmen water poioists
whipped the more inexperienced
paddlers, 9-3.
Captain Hoover of the frosh high
pointed with three goals. Stars Mc-
Kenzie, Peterson were unstoppable.
Well meaning second stringers
came in during the second period to
score three more goals against the
Sequoiamen, but allowed three by
the visitors for their only after
noon's scores.
Knifing through Sequoia High
School's best, Nort Thornton's
promising freshmen water poioists
whipped the more inexperienced
paddlers, 9-3.
Captain Hoover of the frosh high
pointed with three goals. Stars Mc-
Kenzie, Peterson were unstoppable.
Well meaning second stringers
came in during the second period to
score three more goals against the
Sequoiamen, but allowed three by
the visitors for their only after
noon's scores.
Knifing through Sequoia High
School's best, Nort Thornton's
promising freshmen water poioists
whipped the more inexperienced
paddlers, 9-3.
Captain Hoover of the frosh high
pointed with three goals. Stars Mc-
Kenzie, Peterson were unstoppable.
Well meaning second stringers
came in during the second period to
score three more goals against the
Sequoiamen, but allowed three by
the visitors for their only after
noon's scores.
Knifing through Sequoia High
School's best, Nort Thornton's
promising freshmen water poioists
whipped the more inexperienced
paddlers, 9-3.
Captain Hoover of the frosh high
pointed with three goals. Stars Mc-
Kenzie, Peterson were unstoppable.
Well meaning second stringers
came in during the second period to
score three more goals against the
Sequoiamen, but allowed three by
the visitors for their only after
noon's scores.
