# STORY PRIZE OFFERED
## 
### 
"Story" magazine offers prizes of
£100 and $50 for short stories sub
mitted by college studenls anywhere
in the United States. Stories must
be between 1,500 and G,OOO words,
approved by a faculty member,
mailed before April 15, 19154. Only
two entries from caeh school are
permitted. See English Department
:or further information.
"Story" magazine offers prizes of
£100 and $50 for short stories sub
mitted by college studenls anywhere
in the United States. Stories must
be between 1,500 and G,OOO words,
approved by a faculty member,
mailed before April 15, 19154. Only
two entries from caeh school are
permitted. See English Department
:or further information.
"Story" magazine offers prizes of
£100 and $50 for short stories sub
mitted by college studenls anywhere
in the United States. Stories must
be between 1,500 and G,OOO words,
approved by a faculty member,
mailed before April 15, 19154. Only
two entries from caeh school are
permitted. See English Department
:or further information.
"Story" magazine offers prizes of
£100 and $50 for short stories sub
mitted by college studenls anywhere
in the United States. Stories must
be between 1,500 and G,OOO words,
approved by a faculty member,
mailed before April 15, 19154. Only
two entries from caeh school are
permitted. See English Department
:or further information.
"Story" magazine offers prizes of
£100 and $50 for short stories sub
mitted by college studenls anywhere
in the United States. Stories must
be between 1,500 and G,OOO words,
approved by a faculty member,
mailed before April 15, 19154. Only
two entries from caeh school are
permitted. See English Department
:or further information.
"Story" magazine offers prizes of
£100 and $50 for short stories sub
mitted by college studenls anywhere
in the United States. Stories must
be between 1,500 and G,OOO words,
approved by a faculty member,
mailed before April 15, 19154. Only
two entries from caeh school are
permitted. See English Department
:or further information.
"Story" magazine offers prizes of
£100 and $50 for short stories sub
mitted by college studenls anywhere
in the United States. Stories must
be between 1,500 and G,OOO words,
approved by a faculty member,
mailed before April 15, 19154. Only
two entries from caeh school are
permitted. See English Department
:or further information.
"Story" magazine offers prizes of
£100 and $50 for short stories sub
mitted by college studenls anywhere
in the United States. Stories must
be between 1,500 and G,OOO words,
approved by a faculty member,
mailed before April 15, 19154. Only
two entries from caeh school are
permitted. See English Department
:or further information.
"Story" magazine offers prizes of
£100 and $50 for short stories sub
mitted by college studenls anywhere
in the United States. Stories must
be between 1,500 and G,OOO words,
approved by a faculty member,
mailed before April 15, 19154. Only
two entries from caeh school are
permitted. See English Department
:or further information.
"Story" magazine offers prizes of
£100 and $50 for short stories sub
mitted by college studenls anywhere
in the United States. Stories must
be between 1,500 and G,OOO words,
approved by a faculty member,
mailed before April 15, 19154. Only
two entries from caeh school are
permitted. See English Department
:or further information.
"Story" magazine offers prizes of
£100 and $50 for short stories sub
mitted by college studenls anywhere
in the United States. Stories must
be between 1,500 and G,OOO words,
approved by a faculty member,
mailed before April 15, 19154. Only
two entries from caeh school are
permitted. See English Department
:or further information.
"Story" magazine offers prizes of
£100 and $50 for short stories sub
mitted by college studenls anywhere
in the United States. Stories must
be between 1,500 and G,OOO words,
approved by a faculty member,
mailed before April 15, 19154. Only
two entries from caeh school are
permitted. See English Department
:or further information.
"Story" magazine offers prizes of
£100 and $50 for short stories sub
mitted by college studenls anywhere
in the United States. Stories must
be between 1,500 and G,OOO words,
approved by a faculty member,
mailed before April 15, 19154. Only
two entries from caeh school are
permitted. See English Department
:or further information.
"Story" magazine offers prizes of
£100 and $50 for short stories sub
mitted by college studenls anywhere
in the United States. Stories must
be between 1,500 and G,OOO words,
approved by a faculty member,
mailed before April 15, 19154. Only
two entries from caeh school are
permitted. See English Department
:or further information.
"Story" magazine offers prizes of
£100 and $50 for short stories sub
mitted by college studenls anywhere
in the United States. Stories must
be between 1,500 and G,OOO words,
approved by a faculty member,
mailed before April 15, 19154. Only
two entries from caeh school are
permitted. See English Department
:or further information.
