# Cruiser Wreck
## 
### 
12th Naval District appointed a
three-man investigation board to
fact-find on the cruiser Chicago-
Silverpalni collisison. A red
brown ghost ship that passed off
in the fog and may have been
unwittingly responsible is being
sought.
12th Naval District appointed a
three-man investigation board to
fact-find on the cruiser Chicago-
Silverpalni collisison. A red
brown ghost ship that passed off
in the fog and may have been
unwittingly responsible is being
sought.
12th Naval District appointed a
three-man investigation board to
fact-find on the cruiser Chicago-
Silverpalni collisison. A red
brown ghost ship that passed off
in the fog and may have been
unwittingly responsible is being
sought.
12th Naval District appointed a
three-man investigation board to
fact-find on the cruiser Chicago-
Silverpalni collisison. A red
brown ghost ship that passed off
in the fog and may have been
unwittingly responsible is being
sought.
12th Naval District appointed a
three-man investigation board to
fact-find on the cruiser Chicago-
Silverpalni collisison. A red
brown ghost ship that passed off
in the fog and may have been
unwittingly responsible is being
sought.
12th Naval District appointed a
three-man investigation board to
fact-find on the cruiser Chicago-
Silverpalni collisison. A red
brown ghost ship that passed off
in the fog and may have been
unwittingly responsible is being
sought.
12th Naval District appointed a
three-man investigation board to
fact-find on the cruiser Chicago-
Silverpalni collisison. A red
brown ghost ship that passed off
in the fog and may have been
unwittingly responsible is being
sought.
12th Naval District appointed a
three-man investigation board to
fact-find on the cruiser Chicago-
Silverpalni collisison. A red
brown ghost ship that passed off
in the fog and may have been
unwittingly responsible is being
sought.
12th Naval District appointed a
three-man investigation board to
fact-find on the cruiser Chicago-
Silverpalni collisison. A red
brown ghost ship that passed off
in the fog and may have been
unwittingly responsible is being
sought.
12th Naval District appointed a
three-man investigation board to
fact-find on the cruiser Chicago-
Silverpalni collisison. A red
brown ghost ship that passed off
in the fog and may have been
unwittingly responsible is being
sought.
12th Naval District appointed a
three-man investigation board to
fact-find on the cruiser Chicago-
Silverpalni collisison. A red
brown ghost ship that passed off
in the fog and may have been
unwittingly responsible is being
sought.
12th Naval District appointed a
three-man investigation board to
fact-find on the cruiser Chicago-
Silverpalni collisison. A red
brown ghost ship that passed off
in the fog and may have been
unwittingly responsible is being
sought.
12th Naval District appointed a
three-man investigation board to
fact-find on the cruiser Chicago-
Silverpalni collisison. A red
brown ghost ship that passed off
in the fog and may have been
unwittingly responsible is being
sought.
12th Naval District appointed a
three-man investigation board to
fact-find on the cruiser Chicago-
Silverpalni collisison. A red
brown ghost ship that passed off
in the fog and may have been
unwittingly responsible is being
sought.
12th Naval District appointed a
three-man investigation board to
fact-find on the cruiser Chicago-
Silverpalni collisison. A red
brown ghost ship that passed off
in the fog and may have been
unwittingly responsible is being
sought.
