# Scene From Euripides' Read to Classical Club
## 
### 
A scene from Dr. Gilbert Murray's
translation of Euripides' "Iphigenia
Among the Taurians" was impressive
ly read by Miss Dorothea Spinney in
the Little Theater last night, under
the auspices of the Classical Club.
Miss Spinney appeared in Grecian
costume, and included the chanting
chorus of the drama in her reading.
She is an English woman, and ap
peared here three years ago. enter
taining the Classical students with
readings of Grecian translations.
A scene from Dr. Gilbert Murray's
translation of Euripides' "Iphigenia
Among the Taurians" was impressive
ly read by Miss Dorothea Spinney in
the Little Theater last night, under
the auspices of the Classical Club.
Miss Spinney appeared in Grecian
costume, and included the chanting
chorus of the drama in her reading.
She is an English woman, and ap
peared here three years ago. enter
taining the Classical students with
readings of Grecian translations.
A scene from Dr. Gilbert Murray's
translation of Euripides' "Iphigenia
Among the Taurians" was impressive
ly read by Miss Dorothea Spinney in
the Little Theater last night, under
the auspices of the Classical Club.
Miss Spinney appeared in Grecian
costume, and included the chanting
chorus of the drama in her reading.
She is an English woman, and ap
peared here three years ago. enter
taining the Classical students with
readings of Grecian translations.
A scene from Dr. Gilbert Murray's
translation of Euripides' "Iphigenia
Among the Taurians" was impressive
ly read by Miss Dorothea Spinney in
the Little Theater last night, under
the auspices of the Classical Club.
Miss Spinney appeared in Grecian
costume, and included the chanting
chorus of the drama in her reading.
She is an English woman, and ap
peared here three years ago. enter
taining the Classical students with
readings of Grecian translations.
A scene from Dr. Gilbert Murray's
translation of Euripides' "Iphigenia
Among the Taurians" was impressive
ly read by Miss Dorothea Spinney in
the Little Theater last night, under
the auspices of the Classical Club.
Miss Spinney appeared in Grecian
costume, and included the chanting
chorus of the drama in her reading.
She is an English woman, and ap
peared here three years ago. enter
taining the Classical students with
readings of Grecian translations.
A scene from Dr. Gilbert Murray's
translation of Euripides' "Iphigenia
Among the Taurians" was impressive
ly read by Miss Dorothea Spinney in
the Little Theater last night, under
the auspices of the Classical Club.
Miss Spinney appeared in Grecian
costume, and included the chanting
chorus of the drama in her reading.
She is an English woman, and ap
peared here three years ago. enter
taining the Classical students with
readings of Grecian translations.
A scene from Dr. Gilbert Murray's
translation of Euripides' "Iphigenia
Among the Taurians" was impressive
ly read by Miss Dorothea Spinney in
the Little Theater last night, under
the auspices of the Classical Club.
Miss Spinney appeared in Grecian
costume, and included the chanting
chorus of the drama in her reading.
She is an English woman, and ap
peared here three years ago. enter
taining the Classical students with
readings of Grecian translations.
A scene from Dr. Gilbert Murray's
translation of Euripides' "Iphigenia
Among the Taurians" was impressive
ly read by Miss Dorothea Spinney in
the Little Theater last night, under
the auspices of the Classical Club.
Miss Spinney appeared in Grecian
costume, and included the chanting
chorus of the drama in her reading.
She is an English woman, and ap
peared here three years ago. enter
taining the Classical students with
readings of Grecian translations.
A scene from Dr. Gilbert Murray's
translation of Euripides' "Iphigenia
Among the Taurians" was impressive
ly read by Miss Dorothea Spinney in
the Little Theater last night, under
the auspices of the Classical Club.
Miss Spinney appeared in Grecian
costume, and included the chanting
chorus of the drama in her reading.
She is an English woman, and ap
peared here three years ago. enter
taining the Classical students with
readings of Grecian translations.
A scene from Dr. Gilbert Murray's
translation of Euripides' "Iphigenia
Among the Taurians" was impressive
ly read by Miss Dorothea Spinney in
the Little Theater last night, under
the auspices of the Classical Club.
Miss Spinney appeared in Grecian
costume, and included the chanting
chorus of the drama in her reading.
She is an English woman, and ap
peared here three years ago. enter
taining the Classical students with
readings of Grecian translations.
A scene from Dr. Gilbert Murray's
translation of Euripides' "Iphigenia
Among the Taurians" was impressive
ly read by Miss Dorothea Spinney in
the Little Theater last night, under
the auspices of the Classical Club.
Miss Spinney appeared in Grecian
costume, and included the chanting
chorus of the drama in her reading.
She is an English woman, and ap
peared here three years ago. enter
taining the Classical students with
readings of Grecian translations.
A scene from Dr. Gilbert Murray's
translation of Euripides' "Iphigenia
Among the Taurians" was impressive
ly read by Miss Dorothea Spinney in
the Little Theater last night, under
the auspices of the Classical Club.
Miss Spinney appeared in Grecian
costume, and included the chanting
chorus of the drama in her reading.
She is an English woman, and ap
peared here three years ago. enter
taining the Classical students with
readings of Grecian translations.
A scene from Dr. Gilbert Murray's
translation of Euripides' "Iphigenia
Among the Taurians" was impressive
ly read by Miss Dorothea Spinney in
the Little Theater last night, under
the auspices of the Classical Club.
Miss Spinney appeared in Grecian
costume, and included the chanting
chorus of the drama in her reading.
She is an English woman, and ap
peared here three years ago. enter
taining the Classical students with
readings of Grecian translations.
A scene from Dr. Gilbert Murray's
translation of Euripides' "Iphigenia
Among the Taurians" was impressive
ly read by Miss Dorothea Spinney in
the Little Theater last night, under
the auspices of the Classical Club.
Miss Spinney appeared in Grecian
costume, and included the chanting
chorus of the drama in her reading.
She is an English woman, and ap
peared here three years ago. enter
taining the Classical students with
readings of Grecian translations.
