# Letters to the Editor
## 
### 
DISCRIMINATION
Editor, The Daily:
Sigma Nil’s fight against dis
crimination makes painful read
ing, painful because the main is
sues are so completely ignored.
If Sigma Nu can persuade the na
tional chapter to admit Negroes
and Orientals to its brotherhood,
that is, of course, a gain. But it
is no matter for much congratula
tion.
The issue is discrimination it
self, not what groups are at the
moment being discriminated
against. Sigma Nu and all frater
nities on this campus exist on a
basis of discrimination, have dis
crimination written into their
very way of life. Negroes and Ori
entals are the immediate issue,
but when they are admitted then
what about the Turkeys and the
Loners and the Short Guys with i
Acne?
IF SIGMA Nu and the other!
fraternities on this campus would |
come out against discrimination
itself, then that would be news,
and I would contribute to their
self-applause. But they should
not, I think, take quite so much
credit for moral heroism until j
they are willing to attack the'
principle behind this abuse and
not just one of its symptoms.
Licking stamps in their present j
good cause is work but it isn’t j
suffering, and Sigma Nu ought to j
remember that the moral fit now j
shaking their house ought to have
shaken it 30 years ago. Being con
science-struck at this late date,
when the cause is a popular one,
hardly warrants the contortions
of self-righteousness we have

seen exhibited in The Daily.
What could Sigma Nu, or any I
fraternity, do to attack discrimi- {
nation? The answer is simple and |
effective: abolish rush. If next i
year just one fraternity had the
moral courage to announce that I
any freshman who wished to live j
in their brotherhood had only to |
sign up and take his chances in a |
random drawing, then discrimina-1
tion as a policy would he less evi
dent on this campus. If a frater
nity is against discrimination and
not just against being known as
discriminatory, then it has in my
opinion, no course but one such j
as this.
WHY SHOULD the rule not bo: I
Let the man choose the house and
not tin 1 house the man? Why
should fraternities not he able to
accept the premise that if a man’s
good enough to get into Stanford
he’s good enough for their com
pany? Doubtless the hairy old
answer about a man’s right to
choose his own associates will he
invoked. But that's no answer.
What about the right of those re
jected to choose you? Are their
rights less sacred?
Doubtless too it will be pointed
out that discrimination is a func
tion of life and that the Admis
sions Office discriminates in ad
mitting students. Granted. But a
serious attempt is made to base
such discrimination on rational
and not prejudicial grounds—and
for a high purpose. That is the
only kind of discrimination this
University should condone. By
permitting the other kind, the
University in effect socially dis
inherits a large number of its stu
dents.
Wilfred Stone
Associate Professor of Knglisb
