# Untitled Article
## 
### 
In the rush of University life,!
young men and women subject
themselves to a nervous strain
scarcely exceeded by that of any one
class of people in the world. Al
though in the formative period, they j
neglect health and future happiness
consequent upon it, by "burning!
their candle at both ends." Older
people, who have reached the age of
calm philosophy, or common sense,
regard the modern youth with amaze
ment. He is seldom too delicate, if
he be at all ambitious or capable, to
have many irons in the lire, and uses
up his nervous energy at an incred-!
ible rate. is strong !
to young people to test themselves
in various directions, but they
should apply the laws of Political
Economy to their daily life, and not
use up vital force faster than they
can generate it.
In the rush of University life,!
young men and women subject
themselves to a nervous strain
scarcely exceeded by that of any one
class of people in the world. Al
though in the formative period, they j
neglect health and future happiness
consequent upon it, by "burning!
their candle at both ends." Older
people, who have reached the age of
calm philosophy, or common sense,
regard the modern youth with amaze
ment. He is seldom too delicate, if
he be at all ambitious or capable, to
have many irons in the lire, and uses
up his nervous energy at an incred-!
ible rate. is strong !
to young people to test themselves
in various directions, but they
should apply the laws of Political
Economy to their daily life, and not
use up vital force faster than they
can generate it.
In the rush of University life,!
young men and women subject
themselves to a nervous strain
scarcely exceeded by that of any one
class of people in the world. Al
though in the formative period, they j
neglect health and future happiness
consequent upon it, by "burning!
their candle at both ends." Older
people, who have reached the age of
calm philosophy, or common sense,
regard the modern youth with amaze
ment. He is seldom too delicate, if
he be at all ambitious or capable, to
have many irons in the lire, and uses
up his nervous energy at an incred-!
ible rate. is strong !
to young people to test themselves
in various directions, but they
should apply the laws of Political
Economy to their daily life, and not
use up vital force faster than they
can generate it.
In the rush of University life,!
young men and women subject
themselves to a nervous strain
scarcely exceeded by that of any one
class of people in the world. Al
though in the formative period, they j
neglect health and future happiness
consequent upon it, by "burning!
their candle at both ends." Older
people, who have reached the age of
calm philosophy, or common sense,
regard the modern youth with amaze
ment. He is seldom too delicate, if
he be at all ambitious or capable, to
have many irons in the lire, and uses
up his nervous energy at an incred-!
ible rate. is strong !
to young people to test themselves
in various directions, but they
should apply the laws of Political
Economy to their daily life, and not
use up vital force faster than they
can generate it.
