# Adv. 24 Page 5
## 
### 
CHOIR AUDITIONS
Singers are needed for the
Stanford summer chorus.
Interested vocalists should
contact Professor Schmidt at
ext. 2874. Rehearsals will
take place on Monday and
Thursday evenings from 7 to
8:30 p.m.
CHOIR AUDITIONS
Singers are needed for the
Stanford summer chorus.
Interested vocalists should
contact Professor Schmidt at
ext. 2874. Rehearsals will
take place on Monday and
Thursday evenings from 7 to
8:30 p.m.
CHOIR AUDITIONS
Singers are needed for the
Stanford summer chorus.
Interested vocalists should
contact Professor Schmidt at
ext. 2874. Rehearsals will
take place on Monday and
Thursday evenings from 7 to
8:30 p.m.
CHOIR AUDITIONS
Singers are needed for the
Stanford summer chorus.
Interested vocalists should
contact Professor Schmidt at
ext. 2874. Rehearsals will
take place on Monday and
Thursday evenings from 7 to
8:30 p.m.
CHOIR AUDITIONS
Singers are needed for the
Stanford summer chorus.
Interested vocalists should
contact Professor Schmidt at
ext. 2874. Rehearsals will
take place on Monday and
Thursday evenings from 7 to
8:30 p.m.
CHOIR AUDITIONS
Singers are needed for the
Stanford summer chorus.
Interested vocalists should
contact Professor Schmidt at
ext. 2874. Rehearsals will
take place on Monday and
Thursday evenings from 7 to
8:30 p.m.
CHOIR AUDITIONS
Singers are needed for the
Stanford summer chorus.
Interested vocalists should
contact Professor Schmidt at
ext. 2874. Rehearsals will
take place on Monday and
Thursday evenings from 7 to
8:30 p.m.
CHOIR AUDITIONS
Singers are needed for the
Stanford summer chorus.
Interested vocalists should
contact Professor Schmidt at
ext. 2874. Rehearsals will
take place on Monday and
Thursday evenings from 7 to
8:30 p.m.
CHOIR AUDITIONS
Singers are needed for the
Stanford summer chorus.
Interested vocalists should
contact Professor Schmidt at
ext. 2874. Rehearsals will
take place on Monday and
Thursday evenings from 7 to
8:30 p.m.
CHOIR AUDITIONS
Singers are needed for the
Stanford summer chorus.
Interested vocalists should
contact Professor Schmidt at
ext. 2874. Rehearsals will
take place on Monday and
Thursday evenings from 7 to
8:30 p.m.
CHOIR AUDITIONS
Singers are needed for the
Stanford summer chorus.
Interested vocalists should
contact Professor Schmidt at
ext. 2874. Rehearsals will
take place on Monday and
Thursday evenings from 7 to
8:30 p.m.
CHOIR AUDITIONS
Singers are needed for the
Stanford summer chorus.
Interested vocalists should
contact Professor Schmidt at
ext. 2874. Rehearsals will
take place on Monday and
Thursday evenings from 7 to
8:30 p.m.
CHOIR AUDITIONS
Singers are needed for the
Stanford summer chorus.
Interested vocalists should
contact Professor Schmidt at
ext. 2874. Rehearsals will
take place on Monday and
Thursday evenings from 7 to
8:30 p.m.
CHOIR AUDITIONS
Singers are needed for the
Stanford summer chorus.
Interested vocalists should
contact Professor Schmidt at
ext. 2874. Rehearsals will
take place on Monday and
Thursday evenings from 7 to
8:30 p.m.
