# Sale of Rooter's Hats Wednesday.
## 
### 
Rooters' hats will be on sale on the
Quad all day Wednesday at forty cents
each.
Rooters' hats will be on sale on the
Quad all day Wednesday at forty cents
each.
Rooters' hats will be on sale on the
Quad all day Wednesday at forty cents
each.
Rooters' hats will be on sale on the
Quad all day Wednesday at forty cents
each.
Rooters' hats will be on sale on the
Quad all day Wednesday at forty cents
each.
Rooters' hats will be on sale on the
Quad all day Wednesday at forty cents
each.
Rooters' hats will be on sale on the
Quad all day Wednesday at forty cents
each.
Rooters' hats will be on sale on the
Quad all day Wednesday at forty cents
each.
Rooters' hats will be on sale on the
Quad all day Wednesday at forty cents
each.
Rooters' hats will be on sale on the
Quad all day Wednesday at forty cents
each.
Rooters' hats will be on sale on the
Quad all day Wednesday at forty cents
each.
Rooters' hats will be on sale on the
Quad all day Wednesday at forty cents
each.
Rooters' hats will be on sale on the
Quad all day Wednesday at forty cents
each.
