# Untitled Article
## 
### 
President Kinney of the freshman
class has appointed the following
Jolly-np committee: Philippi Hard
ing, chairman; Virgina Younger, Ger
trude Aicher, Hubert Lloyd and
Sheppard King.
President Kinney of the freshman
class has appointed the following
Jolly-np committee: Philippi Hard
ing, chairman; Virgina Younger, Ger
trude Aicher, Hubert Lloyd and
Sheppard King.
President Kinney of the freshman
class has appointed the following
Jolly-np committee: Philippi Hard
ing, chairman; Virgina Younger, Ger
trude Aicher, Hubert Lloyd and
Sheppard King.
President Kinney of the freshman
class has appointed the following
Jolly-np committee: Philippi Hard
ing, chairman; Virgina Younger, Ger
trude Aicher, Hubert Lloyd and
Sheppard King.
President Kinney of the freshman
class has appointed the following
Jolly-np committee: Philippi Hard
ing, chairman; Virgina Younger, Ger
trude Aicher, Hubert Lloyd and
Sheppard King.
President Kinney of the freshman
class has appointed the following
Jolly-np committee: Philippi Hard
ing, chairman; Virgina Younger, Ger
trude Aicher, Hubert Lloyd and
Sheppard King.
President Kinney of the freshman
class has appointed the following
Jolly-np committee: Philippi Hard
ing, chairman; Virgina Younger, Ger
trude Aicher, Hubert Lloyd and
Sheppard King.
President Kinney of the freshman
class has appointed the following
Jolly-np committee: Philippi Hard
ing, chairman; Virgina Younger, Ger
trude Aicher, Hubert Lloyd and
Sheppard King.
President Kinney of the freshman
class has appointed the following
Jolly-np committee: Philippi Hard
ing, chairman; Virgina Younger, Ger
trude Aicher, Hubert Lloyd and
Sheppard King.
President Kinney of the freshman
class has appointed the following
Jolly-np committee: Philippi Hard
ing, chairman; Virgina Younger, Ger
trude Aicher, Hubert Lloyd and
Sheppard King.
President Kinney of the freshman
class has appointed the following
Jolly-np committee: Philippi Hard
ing, chairman; Virgina Younger, Ger
trude Aicher, Hubert Lloyd and
Sheppard King.
President Kinney of the freshman
class has appointed the following
Jolly-np committee: Philippi Hard
ing, chairman; Virgina Younger, Ger
trude Aicher, Hubert Lloyd and
Sheppard King.
President Kinney of the freshman
class has appointed the following
Jolly-np committee: Philippi Hard
ing, chairman; Virgina Younger, Ger
trude Aicher, Hubert Lloyd and
Sheppard King.
President Kinney of the freshman
class has appointed the following
Jolly-np committee: Philippi Hard
ing, chairman; Virgina Younger, Ger
trude Aicher, Hubert Lloyd and
Sheppard King.
President Kinney of the freshman
class has appointed the following
Jolly-np committee: Philippi Hard
ing, chairman; Virgina Younger, Ger
trude Aicher, Hubert Lloyd and
Sheppard King.
