# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Spanish Club will hold the first
meeting of the year tonight at the
home of Professor Allen, 2f> Alvarado
Flow. There will he an important
business session for the election of
officers and new members to the club.
Spanish Club will hold the first
meeting of the year tonight at the
home of Professor Allen, 2f> Alvarado
Flow. There will he an important
business session for the election of
officers and new members to the club.
Spanish Club will hold the first
meeting of the year tonight at the
home of Professor Allen, 2f> Alvarado
Flow. There will he an important
business session for the election of
officers and new members to the club.
Spanish Club will hold the first
meeting of the year tonight at the
home of Professor Allen, 2f> Alvarado
Flow. There will he an important
business session for the election of
officers and new members to the club.
Spanish Club will hold the first
meeting of the year tonight at the
home of Professor Allen, 2f> Alvarado
Flow. There will he an important
business session for the election of
officers and new members to the club.
Spanish Club will hold the first
meeting of the year tonight at the
home of Professor Allen, 2f> Alvarado
Flow. There will he an important
business session for the election of
officers and new members to the club.
Spanish Club will hold the first
meeting of the year tonight at the
home of Professor Allen, 2f> Alvarado
Flow. There will he an important
business session for the election of
officers and new members to the club.
Spanish Club will hold the first
meeting of the year tonight at the
home of Professor Allen, 2f> Alvarado
Flow. There will he an important
business session for the election of
officers and new members to the club.
Spanish Club will hold the first
meeting of the year tonight at the
home of Professor Allen, 2f> Alvarado
Flow. There will he an important
business session for the election of
officers and new members to the club.
Spanish Club will hold the first
meeting of the year tonight at the
home of Professor Allen, 2f> Alvarado
Flow. There will he an important
business session for the election of
officers and new members to the club.
Spanish Club will hold the first
meeting of the year tonight at the
home of Professor Allen, 2f> Alvarado
Flow. There will he an important
business session for the election of
officers and new members to the club.
Spanish Club will hold the first
meeting of the year tonight at the
home of Professor Allen, 2f> Alvarado
Flow. There will he an important
business session for the election of
officers and new members to the club.
Spanish Club will hold the first
meeting of the year tonight at the
home of Professor Allen, 2f> Alvarado
Flow. There will he an important
business session for the election of
officers and new members to the club.
Spanish Club will hold the first
meeting of the year tonight at the
home of Professor Allen, 2f> Alvarado
Flow. There will he an important
business session for the election of
officers and new members to the club.
Spanish Club will hold the first
meeting of the year tonight at the
home of Professor Allen, 2f> Alvarado
Flow. There will he an important
business session for the election of
officers and new members to the club.
