# DAVIDSON, HERRINGTON WIN TENNIS MATCH IN MIXED DOUBLES PLAY
## 
### 
Helena Davidson and A1 Herring
ion defeated Lida Rittler and Ralph
McElvenny by the score of 7-5, 7-5,
in a mixed doubles tournament match
yesterday. The match decided the
fourth of the best teams in the tour
nament so far, the other three teams
being Sue Hetty Dunlap and Larry
Hall, Helen Dell and John Wlieatley,
and Ruth Thatcher and Ernest Ren
zel.
Semi-finals of the mixed doubles
tournament will be played Monday
afternoon. In the championship
matches the schedule is as follows:
Sue Betty Dunlap, Larry Hall vs.
Helena Davidson, A1 Herrington;
Helen Dell, John Wheatley vs. Ruth
Thatcher, Ernest Renzel.
Finals will be played Tuesday be
tween the winners of the matches on
Monday, and between the winners of
the semi-finals in the consolation
tournament, who are Mary Edith
Jones, Jesse Wilson, and Edith Matt
son, Albert Cook.
Helena Davidson and A1 Herring
ion defeated Lida Rittler and Ralph
McElvenny by the score of 7-5, 7-5,
in a mixed doubles tournament match
yesterday. The match decided the
fourth of the best teams in the tour
nament so far, the other three teams
being Sue Hetty Dunlap and Larry
Hall, Helen Dell and John Wlieatley,
and Ruth Thatcher and Ernest Ren
zel.
Semi-finals of the mixed doubles
tournament will be played Monday
afternoon. In the championship
matches the schedule is as follows:
Sue Betty Dunlap, Larry Hall vs.
Helena Davidson, A1 Herrington;
Helen Dell, John Wheatley vs. Ruth
Thatcher, Ernest Renzel.
Finals will be played Tuesday be
tween the winners of the matches on
Monday, and between the winners of
the semi-finals in the consolation
tournament, who are Mary Edith
Jones, Jesse Wilson, and Edith Matt
son, Albert Cook.
Helena Davidson and A1 Herring
ion defeated Lida Rittler and Ralph
McElvenny by the score of 7-5, 7-5,
in a mixed doubles tournament match
yesterday. The match decided the
fourth of the best teams in the tour
nament so far, the other three teams
being Sue Hetty Dunlap and Larry
Hall, Helen Dell and John Wlieatley,
and Ruth Thatcher and Ernest Ren
zel.
Semi-finals of the mixed doubles
tournament will be played Monday
afternoon. In the championship
matches the schedule is as follows:
Sue Betty Dunlap, Larry Hall vs.
Helena Davidson, A1 Herrington;
Helen Dell, John Wheatley vs. Ruth
Thatcher, Ernest Renzel.
Finals will be played Tuesday be
tween the winners of the matches on
Monday, and between the winners of
the semi-finals in the consolation
tournament, who are Mary Edith
Jones, Jesse Wilson, and Edith Matt
son, Albert Cook.
Helena Davidson and A1 Herring
ion defeated Lida Rittler and Ralph
McElvenny by the score of 7-5, 7-5,
in a mixed doubles tournament match
yesterday. The match decided the
fourth of the best teams in the tour
nament so far, the other three teams
being Sue Hetty Dunlap and Larry
Hall, Helen Dell and John Wlieatley,
and Ruth Thatcher and Ernest Ren
zel.
Semi-finals of the mixed doubles
tournament will be played Monday
afternoon. In the championship
matches the schedule is as follows:
Sue Betty Dunlap, Larry Hall vs.
Helena Davidson, A1 Herrington;
Helen Dell, John Wheatley vs. Ruth
Thatcher, Ernest Renzel.
Finals will be played Tuesday be
tween the winners of the matches on
Monday, and between the winners of
the semi-finals in the consolation
tournament, who are Mary Edith
Jones, Jesse Wilson, and Edith Matt
son, Albert Cook.
Helena Davidson and A1 Herring
ion defeated Lida Rittler and Ralph
McElvenny by the score of 7-5, 7-5,
in a mixed doubles tournament match
yesterday. The match decided the
fourth of the best teams in the tour
nament so far, the other three teams
being Sue Hetty Dunlap and Larry
Hall, Helen Dell and John Wlieatley,
and Ruth Thatcher and Ernest Ren
zel.
Semi-finals of the mixed doubles
tournament will be played Monday
afternoon. In the championship
matches the schedule is as follows:
Sue Betty Dunlap, Larry Hall vs.
Helena Davidson, A1 Herrington;
Helen Dell, John Wheatley vs. Ruth
Thatcher, Ernest Renzel.
Finals will be played Tuesday be
tween the winners of the matches on
Monday, and between the winners of
the semi-finals in the consolation
tournament, who are Mary Edith
Jones, Jesse Wilson, and Edith Matt
son, Albert Cook.
Helena Davidson and A1 Herring
ion defeated Lida Rittler and Ralph
McElvenny by the score of 7-5, 7-5,
in a mixed doubles tournament match
yesterday. The match decided the
fourth of the best teams in the tour
nament so far, the other three teams
being Sue Hetty Dunlap and Larry
Hall, Helen Dell and John Wlieatley,
and Ruth Thatcher and Ernest Ren
zel.
Semi-finals of the mixed doubles
tournament will be played Monday
afternoon. In the championship
matches the schedule is as follows:
Sue Betty Dunlap, Larry Hall vs.
Helena Davidson, A1 Herrington;
Helen Dell, John Wheatley vs. Ruth
Thatcher, Ernest Renzel.
Finals will be played Tuesday be
tween the winners of the matches on
Monday, and between the winners of
the semi-finals in the consolation
tournament, who are Mary Edith
Jones, Jesse Wilson, and Edith Matt
son, Albert Cook.
Helena Davidson and A1 Herring
ion defeated Lida Rittler and Ralph
McElvenny by the score of 7-5, 7-5,
in a mixed doubles tournament match
yesterday. The match decided the
fourth of the best teams in the tour
nament so far, the other three teams
being Sue Hetty Dunlap and Larry
Hall, Helen Dell and John Wlieatley,
and Ruth Thatcher and Ernest Ren
zel.
Semi-finals of the mixed doubles
tournament will be played Monday
afternoon. In the championship
matches the schedule is as follows:
Sue Betty Dunlap, Larry Hall vs.
Helena Davidson, A1 Herrington;
Helen Dell, John Wheatley vs. Ruth
Thatcher, Ernest Renzel.
Finals will be played Tuesday be
tween the winners of the matches on
Monday, and between the winners of
the semi-finals in the consolation
tournament, who are Mary Edith
Jones, Jesse Wilson, and Edith Matt
son, Albert Cook.
Helena Davidson and A1 Herring
ion defeated Lida Rittler and Ralph
McElvenny by the score of 7-5, 7-5,
in a mixed doubles tournament match
yesterday. The match decided the
fourth of the best teams in the tour
nament so far, the other three teams
being Sue Hetty Dunlap and Larry
Hall, Helen Dell and John Wlieatley,
and Ruth Thatcher and Ernest Ren
zel.
Semi-finals of the mixed doubles
tournament will be played Monday
afternoon. In the championship
matches the schedule is as follows:
Sue Betty Dunlap, Larry Hall vs.
Helena Davidson, A1 Herrington;
Helen Dell, John Wheatley vs. Ruth
Thatcher, Ernest Renzel.
Finals will be played Tuesday be
tween the winners of the matches on
Monday, and between the winners of
the semi-finals in the consolation
tournament, who are Mary Edith
Jones, Jesse Wilson, and Edith Matt
son, Albert Cook.
Helena Davidson and A1 Herring
ion defeated Lida Rittler and Ralph
McElvenny by the score of 7-5, 7-5,
in a mixed doubles tournament match
yesterday. The match decided the
fourth of the best teams in the tour
nament so far, the other three teams
being Sue Hetty Dunlap and Larry
Hall, Helen Dell and John Wlieatley,
and Ruth Thatcher and Ernest Ren
zel.
Semi-finals of the mixed doubles
tournament will be played Monday
afternoon. In the championship
matches the schedule is as follows:
Sue Betty Dunlap, Larry Hall vs.
Helena Davidson, A1 Herrington;
Helen Dell, John Wheatley vs. Ruth
Thatcher, Ernest Renzel.
Finals will be played Tuesday be
tween the winners of the matches on
Monday, and between the winners of
the semi-finals in the consolation
tournament, who are Mary Edith
Jones, Jesse Wilson, and Edith Matt
son, Albert Cook.
Helena Davidson and A1 Herring
ion defeated Lida Rittler and Ralph
McElvenny by the score of 7-5, 7-5,
in a mixed doubles tournament match
yesterday. The match decided the
fourth of the best teams in the tour
nament so far, the other three teams
being Sue Hetty Dunlap and Larry
Hall, Helen Dell and John Wlieatley,
and Ruth Thatcher and Ernest Ren
zel.
Semi-finals of the mixed doubles
tournament will be played Monday
afternoon. In the championship
matches the schedule is as follows:
Sue Betty Dunlap, Larry Hall vs.
Helena Davidson, A1 Herrington;
Helen Dell, John Wheatley vs. Ruth
Thatcher, Ernest Renzel.
Finals will be played Tuesday be
tween the winners of the matches on
Monday, and between the winners of
the semi-finals in the consolation
tournament, who are Mary Edith
Jones, Jesse Wilson, and Edith Matt
son, Albert Cook.
Helena Davidson and A1 Herring
ion defeated Lida Rittler and Ralph
McElvenny by the score of 7-5, 7-5,
in a mixed doubles tournament match
yesterday. The match decided the
fourth of the best teams in the tour
nament so far, the other three teams
being Sue Hetty Dunlap and Larry
Hall, Helen Dell and John Wlieatley,
and Ruth Thatcher and Ernest Ren
zel.
Semi-finals of the mixed doubles
tournament will be played Monday
afternoon. In the championship
matches the schedule is as follows:
Sue Betty Dunlap, Larry Hall vs.
Helena Davidson, A1 Herrington;
Helen Dell, John Wheatley vs. Ruth
Thatcher, Ernest Renzel.
Finals will be played Tuesday be
tween the winners of the matches on
Monday, and between the winners of
the semi-finals in the consolation
tournament, who are Mary Edith
Jones, Jesse Wilson, and Edith Matt
son, Albert Cook.
Helena Davidson and A1 Herring
ion defeated Lida Rittler and Ralph
McElvenny by the score of 7-5, 7-5,
in a mixed doubles tournament match
yesterday. The match decided the
fourth of the best teams in the tour
nament so far, the other three teams
being Sue Hetty Dunlap and Larry
Hall, Helen Dell and John Wlieatley,
and Ruth Thatcher and Ernest Ren
zel.
Semi-finals of the mixed doubles
tournament will be played Monday
afternoon. In the championship
matches the schedule is as follows:
Sue Betty Dunlap, Larry Hall vs.
Helena Davidson, A1 Herrington;
Helen Dell, John Wheatley vs. Ruth
Thatcher, Ernest Renzel.
Finals will be played Tuesday be
tween the winners of the matches on
Monday, and between the winners of
the semi-finals in the consolation
tournament, who are Mary Edith
Jones, Jesse Wilson, and Edith Matt
son, Albert Cook.
Helena Davidson and A1 Herring
ion defeated Lida Rittler and Ralph
McElvenny by the score of 7-5, 7-5,
in a mixed doubles tournament match
yesterday. The match decided the
fourth of the best teams in the tour
nament so far, the other three teams
being Sue Hetty Dunlap and Larry
Hall, Helen Dell and John Wlieatley,
and Ruth Thatcher and Ernest Ren
zel.
Semi-finals of the mixed doubles
tournament will be played Monday
afternoon. In the championship
matches the schedule is as follows:
Sue Betty Dunlap, Larry Hall vs.
Helena Davidson, A1 Herrington;
Helen Dell, John Wheatley vs. Ruth
Thatcher, Ernest Renzel.
Finals will be played Tuesday be
tween the winners of the matches on
Monday, and between the winners of
the semi-finals in the consolation
tournament, who are Mary Edith
Jones, Jesse Wilson, and Edith Matt
son, Albert Cook.
Helena Davidson and A1 Herring
ion defeated Lida Rittler and Ralph
McElvenny by the score of 7-5, 7-5,
in a mixed doubles tournament match
yesterday. The match decided the
fourth of the best teams in the tour
nament so far, the other three teams
being Sue Hetty Dunlap and Larry
Hall, Helen Dell and John Wlieatley,
and Ruth Thatcher and Ernest Ren
zel.
Semi-finals of the mixed doubles
tournament will be played Monday
afternoon. In the championship
matches the schedule is as follows:
Sue Betty Dunlap, Larry Hall vs.
Helena Davidson, A1 Herrington;
Helen Dell, John Wheatley vs. Ruth
Thatcher, Ernest Renzel.
Finals will be played Tuesday be
tween the winners of the matches on
Monday, and between the winners of
the semi-finals in the consolation
tournament, who are Mary Edith
Jones, Jesse Wilson, and Edith Matt
son, Albert Cook.
Helena Davidson and A1 Herring
ion defeated Lida Rittler and Ralph
McElvenny by the score of 7-5, 7-5,
in a mixed doubles tournament match
yesterday. The match decided the
fourth of the best teams in the tour
nament so far, the other three teams
being Sue Hetty Dunlap and Larry
Hall, Helen Dell and John Wlieatley,
and Ruth Thatcher and Ernest Ren
zel.
Semi-finals of the mixed doubles
tournament will be played Monday
afternoon. In the championship
matches the schedule is as follows:
Sue Betty Dunlap, Larry Hall vs.
Helena Davidson, A1 Herrington;
Helen Dell, John Wheatley vs. Ruth
Thatcher, Ernest Renzel.
Finals will be played Tuesday be
tween the winners of the matches on
Monday, and between the winners of
the semi-finals in the consolation
tournament, who are Mary Edith
Jones, Jesse Wilson, and Edith Matt
son, Albert Cook.
Helena Davidson and A1 Herring
ion defeated Lida Rittler and Ralph
McElvenny by the score of 7-5, 7-5,
in a mixed doubles tournament match
yesterday. The match decided the
fourth of the best teams in the tour
nament so far, the other three teams
being Sue Hetty Dunlap and Larry
Hall, Helen Dell and John Wlieatley,
and Ruth Thatcher and Ernest Ren
zel.
Semi-finals of the mixed doubles
tournament will be played Monday
afternoon. In the championship
matches the schedule is as follows:
Sue Betty Dunlap, Larry Hall vs.
Helena Davidson, A1 Herrington;
Helen Dell, John Wheatley vs. Ruth
Thatcher, Ernest Renzel.
Finals will be played Tuesday be
tween the winners of the matches on
Monday, and between the winners of
the semi-finals in the consolation
tournament, who are Mary Edith
Jones, Jesse Wilson, and Edith Matt
son, Albert Cook.
