# Thirty-Six Insurgents Slain By Mexican Federal Army
## 
### 
MEXICO CITY, May 25.—( U.P.) —
Thirty-six rebels were killed in two
battles with Federal forces in the
Htate of Jalisco, an announcement to
night said.
Nineteen of the rebels were slain
after they had attacked the town of
Atenguillo, and the others whilo they
were laying Biege to the town of
Jalpa.
MEXICO CITY, May 25.—( U.P.) —
Thirty-six rebels were killed in two
battles with Federal forces in the
Htate of Jalisco, an announcement to
night said.
Nineteen of the rebels were slain
after they had attacked the town of
Atenguillo, and the others whilo they
were laying Biege to the town of
Jalpa.
MEXICO CITY, May 25.—( U.P.) —
Thirty-six rebels were killed in two
battles with Federal forces in the
Htate of Jalisco, an announcement to
night said.
Nineteen of the rebels were slain
after they had attacked the town of
Atenguillo, and the others whilo they
were laying Biege to the town of
Jalpa.
MEXICO CITY, May 25.—( U.P.) —
Thirty-six rebels were killed in two
battles with Federal forces in the
Htate of Jalisco, an announcement to
night said.
Nineteen of the rebels were slain
after they had attacked the town of
Atenguillo, and the others whilo they
were laying Biege to the town of
Jalpa.
MEXICO CITY, May 25.—( U.P.) —
Thirty-six rebels were killed in two
battles with Federal forces in the
Htate of Jalisco, an announcement to
night said.
Nineteen of the rebels were slain
after they had attacked the town of
Atenguillo, and the others whilo they
were laying Biege to the town of
Jalpa.
MEXICO CITY, May 25.—( U.P.) —
Thirty-six rebels were killed in two
battles with Federal forces in the
Htate of Jalisco, an announcement to
night said.
Nineteen of the rebels were slain
after they had attacked the town of
Atenguillo, and the others whilo they
were laying Biege to the town of
Jalpa.
MEXICO CITY, May 25.—( U.P.) —
Thirty-six rebels were killed in two
battles with Federal forces in the
Htate of Jalisco, an announcement to
night said.
Nineteen of the rebels were slain
after they had attacked the town of
Atenguillo, and the others whilo they
were laying Biege to the town of
Jalpa.
MEXICO CITY, May 25.—( U.P.) —
Thirty-six rebels were killed in two
battles with Federal forces in the
Htate of Jalisco, an announcement to
night said.
Nineteen of the rebels were slain
after they had attacked the town of
Atenguillo, and the others whilo they
were laying Biege to the town of
Jalpa.
MEXICO CITY, May 25.—( U.P.) —
Thirty-six rebels were killed in two
battles with Federal forces in the
Htate of Jalisco, an announcement to
night said.
Nineteen of the rebels were slain
after they had attacked the town of
Atenguillo, and the others whilo they
were laying Biege to the town of
Jalpa.
MEXICO CITY, May 25.—( U.P.) —
Thirty-six rebels were killed in two
battles with Federal forces in the
Htate of Jalisco, an announcement to
night said.
Nineteen of the rebels were slain
after they had attacked the town of
Atenguillo, and the others whilo they
were laying Biege to the town of
Jalpa.
MEXICO CITY, May 25.—( U.P.) —
Thirty-six rebels were killed in two
battles with Federal forces in the
Htate of Jalisco, an announcement to
night said.
Nineteen of the rebels were slain
after they had attacked the town of
Atenguillo, and the others whilo they
were laying Biege to the town of
Jalpa.
MEXICO CITY, May 25.—( U.P.) —
Thirty-six rebels were killed in two
battles with Federal forces in the
Htate of Jalisco, an announcement to
night said.
Nineteen of the rebels were slain
after they had attacked the town of
Atenguillo, and the others whilo they
were laying Biege to the town of
Jalpa.
MEXICO CITY, May 25.—( U.P.) —
Thirty-six rebels were killed in two
battles with Federal forces in the
Htate of Jalisco, an announcement to
night said.
Nineteen of the rebels were slain
after they had attacked the town of
Atenguillo, and the others whilo they
were laying Biege to the town of
Jalpa.
MEXICO CITY, May 25.—( U.P.) —
Thirty-six rebels were killed in two
battles with Federal forces in the
Htate of Jalisco, an announcement to
night said.
Nineteen of the rebels were slain
after they had attacked the town of
Atenguillo, and the others whilo they
were laying Biege to the town of
Jalpa.
MEXICO CITY, May 25.—( U.P.) —
Thirty-six rebels were killed in two
battles with Federal forces in the
Htate of Jalisco, an announcement to
night said.
Nineteen of the rebels were slain
after they had attacked the town of
Atenguillo, and the others whilo they
were laying Biege to the town of
Jalpa.
MEXICO CITY, May 25.—( U.P.) —
Thirty-six rebels were killed in two
battles with Federal forces in the
Htate of Jalisco, an announcement to
night said.
Nineteen of the rebels were slain
after they had attacked the town of
Atenguillo, and the others whilo they
were laying Biege to the town of
Jalpa.
