# "FAMOUS ROAD SHOW" WILL BE STAGED HERE BY SCIOTS TOMORROW
## 
### 
The San Francisco Sciots will pre
sent their "Famous Road Show" at 8
o'clock tomorrow night in the Stan
ford Basketball Pavilion under the
auspices of the Palo Alto Pyramid
Number 18 of Sciots. The money ob
tained from this presentation will go
to benefit the Palo Alto Bureau of
Youths' Activities.
Two hundred people, most of them
professional actors, are included in
the cast of the "Famous Road Show"
of which one of the main attractions
is a minstrel act with nine opera
stars, and 11 other actors. Toe and
tap dancing, singing and juggling
numbers, with several skits form a
vaudeville program, another feature
of the show.
The Sciot drill team, which has
won several honors and prizes
throughout California, and their 52-
piece band, will be included in the
show, admission to which will be
seventy-five cents.
