# World & Nation
## 
### 

Associated Press
Safety first
A Peruvian voter is searched for weapons at a polling station in Lima,
Peru. Peru held presidential elections yesterday under tight security
intended to prevent attacks by leftist guerillas. Elections were also
held in Greece, Hungary and Slovenia, while in Nepal multiparty elec
tions were announced for the first time in 29 years.

Associated Press
Safety first
A Peruvian voter is searched for weapons at a polling station in Lima,
Peru. Peru held presidential elections yesterday under tight security
intended to prevent attacks by leftist guerillas. Elections were also
held in Greece, Hungary and Slovenia, while in Nepal multiparty elec
tions were announced for the first time in 29 years.

Associated Press
Safety first
A Peruvian voter is searched for weapons at a polling station in Lima,
Peru. Peru held presidential elections yesterday under tight security
intended to prevent attacks by leftist guerillas. Elections were also
held in Greece, Hungary and Slovenia, while in Nepal multiparty elec
tions were announced for the first time in 29 years.

Associated Press
Safety first
A Peruvian voter is searched for weapons at a polling station in Lima,
Peru. Peru held presidential elections yesterday under tight security
intended to prevent attacks by leftist guerillas. Elections were also
held in Greece, Hungary and Slovenia, while in Nepal multiparty elec
tions were announced for the first time in 29 years.

Associated Press
Safety first
A Peruvian voter is searched for weapons at a polling station in Lima,
Peru. Peru held presidential elections yesterday under tight security
intended to prevent attacks by leftist guerillas. Elections were also
held in Greece, Hungary and Slovenia, while in Nepal multiparty elec
tions were announced for the first time in 29 years.

Associated Press
Safety first
A Peruvian voter is searched for weapons at a polling station in Lima,
Peru. Peru held presidential elections yesterday under tight security
intended to prevent attacks by leftist guerillas. Elections were also
held in Greece, Hungary and Slovenia, while in Nepal multiparty elec
tions were announced for the first time in 29 years.

Associated Press
Safety first
A Peruvian voter is searched for weapons at a polling station in Lima,
Peru. Peru held presidential elections yesterday under tight security
intended to prevent attacks by leftist guerillas. Elections were also
held in Greece, Hungary and Slovenia, while in Nepal multiparty elec
tions were announced for the first time in 29 years.
