# Shuttle will still run â€” for now
## 
### Rob Baedeker 
Although a shortage of funds
reportedly threatened its imme
diate future, the Gutenberg Ex
press, the shuttle that runs
between the libraries of Stan
ford and UC-Berkeley, will most
likely continue operating
through next year. Beyond that,
however, its future is uncertain.
According to Kevin Mathy, op
erations supervisor at UC-
Berkeley's Department of
Transportation Services, the

Express is experiencing a "tem
porary reprieve" and will
probably receive enough funding
from Berkeley and Stanford to
continue operating next year.
In the meantime, Berkeley
Transportation Services, which
currently oversees operations of
the shuttle, will have to look
for alternative sources of fund
ing.
The Gutenberg Express began
in 1976 as a means for the ex
change of books between the two
library systems, as well as a wav

to provide students and faculty
access to both campuses for re
search, meetings or other busi
ness.
Originally, the Express was
subsidized equally by both uni
versities. David Weber, director
of Stanford University Libra
ries, said that about five years
ago the Berkeley library decided
it could no longer afford the
shuttle, and Transportation
Services at Berkeley forced
