# Curtice Wasn't Joking
## 
### John Anderson 
EUGENE, Ore., Nov. Bâ€”Coach
Jack Curtice was not in his usual
humorous mood after the Indians'
defeat at the hands of Oregon's
Ducks today.
It was the fumbles that lost the
game for Stanford, according to
Curtice. He was referring mainly
to the fumble on the Oregon 13
which ended the biggest scoring
threat that the Cards were able
to engineer here today.
The general feeling in the lock
er room was one of quiet confu
sion as everyone was hurrying to
catch the plane back to San Fran
cisco. Nobody had too much to
say, anyway.
Curtice seemed much more in
terested in hustling the team
along than in stopping to analyze
the contest. He seemed to take
this defeat much more seriously
than he has Stanford's five others
this season.
But it probably was because he
thought Stanford could have, and
really should have, won this one.
"If we'd only passed more," he
said, a couple of times at least.
"We got no breaks," he said,
adding "these defeats sure go
tough."
The usually happy coach did

pause long enough to say that j
this was one of his team's finest
defensive efforts this season.
"If we'd run that hook-swing
pass more, and alternated with
the shovel pass, we'd have won."
Curtice later stopped to compli
ment some of his boys. Wingback
Dick Bowers, fullbacks Doug Dick
and Gil Dowd, ends Jim Ukropina
and Chris Burford, and interior
linemen Ron Fernandes, Chris
Plain and Troy Barbee all got spe
cial mention from the Indian
mentor, but then he hastened to
add, "I think they all played !
hard."
"Our spirit was high, the boys
sure tackled hard." The coach
thought a while longer. "You
know, I think we'd have gone if
only we could have broken away
once or twice."
And you know, he's probably
right.
