# FIRST SONG PRACTICE HELD.
## Meeting in Chapel Confined to Singing of Football Songs. 
### 
The first of a series of weekly
song practices, preparatory to the
Varsity game, was held last night
in the chapel, and was attended by
a large number of students. The
practice began at 7:30 and lasted
for about an hour, all the Bongs in
cluded in the new song-book being
sung a number of times.
Yell-Leaders Cunha, Kellogg, and
Collom directed the singing, and
succeeded in getting greater volume
into the songs than has been in
evidence at practices on the bleach
ers this year. Owing to a new
regulation, no practicing of yells
could be done in the chapel, and
for that reason the entire hour was
devoted to practicing songs.
The next song practice will take
place next Thursday evening at
7:30 in the chapel.
The first of a series of weekly
song practices, preparatory to the
Varsity game, was held last night
in the chapel, and was attended by
a large number of students. The
practice began at 7:30 and lasted
for about an hour, all the Bongs in
cluded in the new song-book being
sung a number of times.
Yell-Leaders Cunha, Kellogg, and
Collom directed the singing, and
succeeded in getting greater volume
into the songs than has been in
evidence at practices on the bleach
ers this year. Owing to a new
regulation, no practicing of yells
could be done in the chapel, and
for that reason the entire hour was
devoted to practicing songs.
The next song practice will take
place next Thursday evening at
7:30 in the chapel.
The first of a series of weekly
song practices, preparatory to the
Varsity game, was held last night
in the chapel, and was attended by
a large number of students. The
practice began at 7:30 and lasted
for about an hour, all the Bongs in
cluded in the new song-book being
sung a number of times.
Yell-Leaders Cunha, Kellogg, and
Collom directed the singing, and
succeeded in getting greater volume
into the songs than has been in
evidence at practices on the bleach
ers this year. Owing to a new
regulation, no practicing of yells
could be done in the chapel, and
for that reason the entire hour was
devoted to practicing songs.
The next song practice will take
place next Thursday evening at
7:30 in the chapel.
The first of a series of weekly
song practices, preparatory to the
Varsity game, was held last night
in the chapel, and was attended by
a large number of students. The
practice began at 7:30 and lasted
for about an hour, all the Bongs in
cluded in the new song-book being
sung a number of times.
Yell-Leaders Cunha, Kellogg, and
Collom directed the singing, and
succeeded in getting greater volume
into the songs than has been in
evidence at practices on the bleach
ers this year. Owing to a new
regulation, no practicing of yells
could be done in the chapel, and
for that reason the entire hour was
devoted to practicing songs.
The next song practice will take
place next Thursday evening at
7:30 in the chapel.
The first of a series of weekly
song practices, preparatory to the
Varsity game, was held last night
in the chapel, and was attended by
a large number of students. The
practice began at 7:30 and lasted
for about an hour, all the Bongs in
cluded in the new song-book being
sung a number of times.
Yell-Leaders Cunha, Kellogg, and
Collom directed the singing, and
succeeded in getting greater volume
into the songs than has been in
evidence at practices on the bleach
ers this year. Owing to a new
regulation, no practicing of yells
could be done in the chapel, and
for that reason the entire hour was
devoted to practicing songs.
The next song practice will take
place next Thursday evening at
7:30 in the chapel.
The first of a series of weekly
song practices, preparatory to the
Varsity game, was held last night
in the chapel, and was attended by
a large number of students. The
practice began at 7:30 and lasted
for about an hour, all the Bongs in
cluded in the new song-book being
sung a number of times.
Yell-Leaders Cunha, Kellogg, and
Collom directed the singing, and
succeeded in getting greater volume
into the songs than has been in
evidence at practices on the bleach
ers this year. Owing to a new
regulation, no practicing of yells
could be done in the chapel, and
for that reason the entire hour was
devoted to practicing songs.
The next song practice will take
place next Thursday evening at
7:30 in the chapel.
The first of a series of weekly
song practices, preparatory to the
Varsity game, was held last night
in the chapel, and was attended by
a large number of students. The
practice began at 7:30 and lasted
for about an hour, all the Bongs in
cluded in the new song-book being
sung a number of times.
Yell-Leaders Cunha, Kellogg, and
Collom directed the singing, and
succeeded in getting greater volume
into the songs than has been in
evidence at practices on the bleach
ers this year. Owing to a new
regulation, no practicing of yells
could be done in the chapel, and
for that reason the entire hour was
devoted to practicing songs.
The next song practice will take
place next Thursday evening at
7:30 in the chapel.
The first of a series of weekly
song practices, preparatory to the
Varsity game, was held last night
in the chapel, and was attended by
a large number of students. The
practice began at 7:30 and lasted
for about an hour, all the Bongs in
cluded in the new song-book being
sung a number of times.
Yell-Leaders Cunha, Kellogg, and
Collom directed the singing, and
succeeded in getting greater volume
into the songs than has been in
evidence at practices on the bleach
ers this year. Owing to a new
regulation, no practicing of yells
could be done in the chapel, and
for that reason the entire hour was
devoted to practicing songs.
The next song practice will take
place next Thursday evening at
7:30 in the chapel.
The first of a series of weekly
song practices, preparatory to the
Varsity game, was held last night
in the chapel, and was attended by
a large number of students. The
practice began at 7:30 and lasted
for about an hour, all the Bongs in
cluded in the new song-book being
sung a number of times.
Yell-Leaders Cunha, Kellogg, and
Collom directed the singing, and
succeeded in getting greater volume
into the songs than has been in
evidence at practices on the bleach
ers this year. Owing to a new
regulation, no practicing of yells
could be done in the chapel, and
for that reason the entire hour was
devoted to practicing songs.
The next song practice will take
place next Thursday evening at
7:30 in the chapel.
