# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A1! members of the literary societies
of the University are requested to meet
in the chemical lecture-room on Fri
day, March 2, at 1:30 p.m. Important
business concerning the Intersociety
Debating League will be transacted.
Charles, Chair, of Ex. Com.
A1! members of the literary societies
of the University are requested to meet
in the chemical lecture-room on Fri
day, March 2, at 1:30 p.m. Important
business concerning the Intersociety
Debating League will be transacted.
Charles, Chair, of Ex. Com.
A1! members of the literary societies
of the University are requested to meet
in the chemical lecture-room on Fri
day, March 2, at 1:30 p.m. Important
business concerning the Intersociety
Debating League will be transacted.
Charles, Chair, of Ex. Com.
