# Adv. 17 Page 4
## 
### 
-
Stanford
Theatre
'112 IP
WEDNESDAY, OCT. 25
NAZIMOVA
IN
"A Doll's
House"
Ibsen's ruost famous play done
in an inimitable way by the
famous Nazimova.
Kinograms
Fun From The Press
COMEDY
-
Stanford
Theatre
'112 IP
WEDNESDAY, OCT. 25
NAZIMOVA
IN
"A Doll's
House"
Ibsen's ruost famous play done
in an inimitable way by the
famous Nazimova.
Kinograms
Fun From The Press
COMEDY
-
Stanford
Theatre
'112 IP
WEDNESDAY, OCT. 25
NAZIMOVA
IN
"A Doll's
House"
Ibsen's ruost famous play done
in an inimitable way by the
famous Nazimova.
Kinograms
Fun From The Press
COMEDY
-
Stanford
Theatre
'112 IP
WEDNESDAY, OCT. 25
NAZIMOVA
IN
"A Doll's
House"
Ibsen's ruost famous play done
in an inimitable way by the
famous Nazimova.
Kinograms
Fun From The Press
COMEDY
-
Stanford
Theatre
'112 IP
WEDNESDAY, OCT. 25
NAZIMOVA
IN
"A Doll's
House"
Ibsen's ruost famous play done
in an inimitable way by the
famous Nazimova.
Kinograms
Fun From The Press
COMEDY
-
Stanford
Theatre
'112 IP
WEDNESDAY, OCT. 25
NAZIMOVA
IN
"A Doll's
House"
Ibsen's ruost famous play done
in an inimitable way by the
famous Nazimova.
Kinograms
Fun From The Press
COMEDY
-
Stanford
Theatre
'112 IP
WEDNESDAY, OCT. 25
NAZIMOVA
IN
"A Doll's
House"
Ibsen's ruost famous play done
in an inimitable way by the
famous Nazimova.
Kinograms
Fun From The Press
COMEDY
-
Stanford
Theatre
'112 IP
WEDNESDAY, OCT. 25
NAZIMOVA
IN
"A Doll's
House"
Ibsen's ruost famous play done
in an inimitable way by the
famous Nazimova.
Kinograms
Fun From The Press
COMEDY
-
Stanford
Theatre
'112 IP
WEDNESDAY, OCT. 25
NAZIMOVA
IN
"A Doll's
House"
Ibsen's ruost famous play done
in an inimitable way by the
famous Nazimova.
Kinograms
Fun From The Press
COMEDY
-
Stanford
Theatre
'112 IP
WEDNESDAY, OCT. 25
NAZIMOVA
IN
"A Doll's
House"
Ibsen's ruost famous play done
in an inimitable way by the
famous Nazimova.
Kinograms
Fun From The Press
COMEDY
-
Stanford
Theatre
'112 IP
WEDNESDAY, OCT. 25
NAZIMOVA
IN
"A Doll's
House"
Ibsen's ruost famous play done
in an inimitable way by the
famous Nazimova.
Kinograms
Fun From The Press
COMEDY
-
Stanford
Theatre
'112 IP
WEDNESDAY, OCT. 25
NAZIMOVA
IN
"A Doll's
House"
Ibsen's ruost famous play done
in an inimitable way by the
famous Nazimova.
Kinograms
Fun From The Press
COMEDY
-
Stanford
Theatre
'112 IP
WEDNESDAY, OCT. 25
NAZIMOVA
IN
"A Doll's
House"
Ibsen's ruost famous play done
in an inimitable way by the
famous Nazimova.
Kinograms
Fun From The Press
COMEDY
-
Stanford
Theatre
'112 IP
WEDNESDAY, OCT. 25
NAZIMOVA
IN
"A Doll's
House"
Ibsen's ruost famous play done
in an inimitable way by the
famous Nazimova.
Kinograms
Fun From The Press
COMEDY
