# DIGEST of THE DAY'S NEWS
## LLOYD GEORGE SAYS BRITAIN MUST PAY HER DEBT TO U.S. 
### 
(By United Press)

I.ON DON, Oct. 25. —Great Britain
must pay all of her debt to America,
Lloyd George declared today in a
speech at a meeting of national lib
erals.
It is imperative that America and
Britain work together, the former
premier asserted.
It was Lloyd George's first real
"stump speech" of his campaign.
Great Britain passed formally out
of the control of the Lloyd George
coalition government when King
George welcomed the new Unionist
ministers in office and turned over
their seals to them this afternoon.
(By United Press)

I.ON DON, Oct. 25. —Great Britain
must pay all of her debt to America,
Lloyd George declared today in a
speech at a meeting of national lib
erals.
It is imperative that America and
Britain work together, the former
premier asserted.
It was Lloyd George's first real
"stump speech" of his campaign.
Great Britain passed formally out
of the control of the Lloyd George
coalition government when King
George welcomed the new Unionist
ministers in office and turned over
their seals to them this afternoon.
(By United Press)

I.ON DON, Oct. 25. —Great Britain
must pay all of her debt to America,
Lloyd George declared today in a
speech at a meeting of national lib
erals.
It is imperative that America and
Britain work together, the former
premier asserted.
It was Lloyd George's first real
"stump speech" of his campaign.
Great Britain passed formally out
of the control of the Lloyd George
coalition government when King
George welcomed the new Unionist
ministers in office and turned over
their seals to them this afternoon.
(By United Press)

I.ON DON, Oct. 25. —Great Britain
must pay all of her debt to America,
Lloyd George declared today in a
speech at a meeting of national lib
erals.
It is imperative that America and
Britain work together, the former
premier asserted.
It was Lloyd George's first real
"stump speech" of his campaign.
Great Britain passed formally out
of the control of the Lloyd George
coalition government when King
George welcomed the new Unionist
ministers in office and turned over
their seals to them this afternoon.
(By United Press)

I.ON DON, Oct. 25. —Great Britain
must pay all of her debt to America,
Lloyd George declared today in a
speech at a meeting of national lib
erals.
It is imperative that America and
Britain work together, the former
premier asserted.
It was Lloyd George's first real
"stump speech" of his campaign.
Great Britain passed formally out
of the control of the Lloyd George
coalition government when King
George welcomed the new Unionist
ministers in office and turned over
their seals to them this afternoon.
(By United Press)

I.ON DON, Oct. 25. —Great Britain
must pay all of her debt to America,
Lloyd George declared today in a
speech at a meeting of national lib
erals.
It is imperative that America and
Britain work together, the former
premier asserted.
It was Lloyd George's first real
"stump speech" of his campaign.
Great Britain passed formally out
of the control of the Lloyd George
coalition government when King
George welcomed the new Unionist
ministers in office and turned over
their seals to them this afternoon.
(By United Press)

I.ON DON, Oct. 25. —Great Britain
must pay all of her debt to America,
Lloyd George declared today in a
speech at a meeting of national lib
erals.
It is imperative that America and
Britain work together, the former
premier asserted.
It was Lloyd George's first real
"stump speech" of his campaign.
Great Britain passed formally out
of the control of the Lloyd George
coalition government when King
George welcomed the new Unionist
ministers in office and turned over
their seals to them this afternoon.
(By United Press)

I.ON DON, Oct. 25. —Great Britain
must pay all of her debt to America,
Lloyd George declared today in a
speech at a meeting of national lib
erals.
It is imperative that America and
Britain work together, the former
premier asserted.
It was Lloyd George's first real
"stump speech" of his campaign.
Great Britain passed formally out
of the control of the Lloyd George
coalition government when King
George welcomed the new Unionist
ministers in office and turned over
their seals to them this afternoon.
(By United Press)

I.ON DON, Oct. 25. —Great Britain
must pay all of her debt to America,
Lloyd George declared today in a
speech at a meeting of national lib
erals.
It is imperative that America and
Britain work together, the former
premier asserted.
It was Lloyd George's first real
"stump speech" of his campaign.
Great Britain passed formally out
of the control of the Lloyd George
coalition government when King
George welcomed the new Unionist
ministers in office and turned over
their seals to them this afternoon.
(By United Press)

I.ON DON, Oct. 25. —Great Britain
must pay all of her debt to America,
Lloyd George declared today in a
speech at a meeting of national lib
erals.
It is imperative that America and
Britain work together, the former
premier asserted.
It was Lloyd George's first real
"stump speech" of his campaign.
Great Britain passed formally out
of the control of the Lloyd George
coalition government when King
George welcomed the new Unionist
ministers in office and turned over
their seals to them this afternoon.
(By United Press)

I.ON DON, Oct. 25. —Great Britain
must pay all of her debt to America,
Lloyd George declared today in a
speech at a meeting of national lib
erals.
It is imperative that America and
Britain work together, the former
premier asserted.
It was Lloyd George's first real
"stump speech" of his campaign.
Great Britain passed formally out
of the control of the Lloyd George
coalition government when King
George welcomed the new Unionist
ministers in office and turned over
their seals to them this afternoon.
(By United Press)

I.ON DON, Oct. 25. —Great Britain
must pay all of her debt to America,
Lloyd George declared today in a
speech at a meeting of national lib
erals.
It is imperative that America and
Britain work together, the former
premier asserted.
It was Lloyd George's first real
"stump speech" of his campaign.
Great Britain passed formally out
of the control of the Lloyd George
coalition government when King
George welcomed the new Unionist
ministers in office and turned over
their seals to them this afternoon.
(By United Press)

I.ON DON, Oct. 25. —Great Britain
must pay all of her debt to America,
Lloyd George declared today in a
speech at a meeting of national lib
erals.
It is imperative that America and
Britain work together, the former
premier asserted.
It was Lloyd George's first real
"stump speech" of his campaign.
Great Britain passed formally out
of the control of the Lloyd George
coalition government when King
George welcomed the new Unionist
ministers in office and turned over
their seals to them this afternoon.
(By United Press)

I.ON DON, Oct. 25. —Great Britain
must pay all of her debt to America,
Lloyd George declared today in a
speech at a meeting of national lib
erals.
It is imperative that America and
Britain work together, the former
premier asserted.
It was Lloyd George's first real
"stump speech" of his campaign.
Great Britain passed formally out
of the control of the Lloyd George
coalition government when King
George welcomed the new Unionist
ministers in office and turned over
their seals to them this afternoon.
