# STUDENTS TAKE SWIMMING EXAMINATIONS AT OREGON
## 
### 
Out of 500 students taking the swim
ming test now required for graduation
at tho Oregon Agricultural College,
412 passed. It was required of each
one to swim the length of the 100-foot
tank.
Out of 500 students taking the swim
ming test now required for graduation
at tho Oregon Agricultural College,
412 passed. It was required of each
one to swim the length of the 100-foot
tank.
Out of 500 students taking the swim
ming test now required for graduation
at tho Oregon Agricultural College,
412 passed. It was required of each
one to swim the length of the 100-foot
tank.
Out of 500 students taking the swim
ming test now required for graduation
at tho Oregon Agricultural College,
412 passed. It was required of each
one to swim the length of the 100-foot
tank.
Out of 500 students taking the swim
ming test now required for graduation
at tho Oregon Agricultural College,
412 passed. It was required of each
one to swim the length of the 100-foot
tank.
Out of 500 students taking the swim
ming test now required for graduation
at tho Oregon Agricultural College,
412 passed. It was required of each
one to swim the length of the 100-foot
tank.
Out of 500 students taking the swim
ming test now required for graduation
at tho Oregon Agricultural College,
412 passed. It was required of each
one to swim the length of the 100-foot
tank.
Out of 500 students taking the swim
ming test now required for graduation
at tho Oregon Agricultural College,
412 passed. It was required of each
one to swim the length of the 100-foot
tank.
Out of 500 students taking the swim
ming test now required for graduation
at tho Oregon Agricultural College,
412 passed. It was required of each
one to swim the length of the 100-foot
tank.
Out of 500 students taking the swim
ming test now required for graduation
at tho Oregon Agricultural College,
412 passed. It was required of each
one to swim the length of the 100-foot
tank.
Out of 500 students taking the swim
ming test now required for graduation
at tho Oregon Agricultural College,
412 passed. It was required of each
one to swim the length of the 100-foot
tank.
Out of 500 students taking the swim
ming test now required for graduation
at tho Oregon Agricultural College,
412 passed. It was required of each
one to swim the length of the 100-foot
tank.
Out of 500 students taking the swim
ming test now required for graduation
at tho Oregon Agricultural College,
412 passed. It was required of each
one to swim the length of the 100-foot
tank.
Out of 500 students taking the swim
ming test now required for graduation
at tho Oregon Agricultural College,
412 passed. It was required of each
one to swim the length of the 100-foot
tank.
