# WHITMAN COLLEGE "HIGH BROWS" WILL BE FAVORED
## 
### 
A plan whereby exceptional students
will be given extra work and accorded
special privileges was announced by
President S. B. L. Penrose of Whit
man College. The rules of the college
and graduation requirements will be
modified for the benefit of the high
brows.
A plan whereby exceptional students
will be given extra work and accorded
special privileges was announced by
President S. B. L. Penrose of Whit
man College. The rules of the college
and graduation requirements will be
modified for the benefit of the high
brows.
A plan whereby exceptional students
will be given extra work and accorded
special privileges was announced by
President S. B. L. Penrose of Whit
man College. The rules of the college
and graduation requirements will be
modified for the benefit of the high
brows.
A plan whereby exceptional students
will be given extra work and accorded
special privileges was announced by
President S. B. L. Penrose of Whit
man College. The rules of the college
and graduation requirements will be
modified for the benefit of the high
brows.
A plan whereby exceptional students
will be given extra work and accorded
special privileges was announced by
President S. B. L. Penrose of Whit
man College. The rules of the college
and graduation requirements will be
modified for the benefit of the high
brows.
A plan whereby exceptional students
will be given extra work and accorded
special privileges was announced by
President S. B. L. Penrose of Whit
man College. The rules of the college
and graduation requirements will be
modified for the benefit of the high
brows.
A plan whereby exceptional students
will be given extra work and accorded
special privileges was announced by
President S. B. L. Penrose of Whit
man College. The rules of the college
and graduation requirements will be
modified for the benefit of the high
brows.
A plan whereby exceptional students
will be given extra work and accorded
special privileges was announced by
President S. B. L. Penrose of Whit
man College. The rules of the college
and graduation requirements will be
modified for the benefit of the high
brows.
A plan whereby exceptional students
will be given extra work and accorded
special privileges was announced by
President S. B. L. Penrose of Whit
man College. The rules of the college
and graduation requirements will be
modified for the benefit of the high
brows.
A plan whereby exceptional students
will be given extra work and accorded
special privileges was announced by
President S. B. L. Penrose of Whit
man College. The rules of the college
and graduation requirements will be
modified for the benefit of the high
brows.
A plan whereby exceptional students
will be given extra work and accorded
special privileges was announced by
President S. B. L. Penrose of Whit
man College. The rules of the college
and graduation requirements will be
modified for the benefit of the high
brows.
A plan whereby exceptional students
will be given extra work and accorded
special privileges was announced by
President S. B. L. Penrose of Whit
man College. The rules of the college
and graduation requirements will be
modified for the benefit of the high
brows.
A plan whereby exceptional students
will be given extra work and accorded
special privileges was announced by
President S. B. L. Penrose of Whit
man College. The rules of the college
and graduation requirements will be
modified for the benefit of the high
brows.
A plan whereby exceptional students
will be given extra work and accorded
special privileges was announced by
President S. B. L. Penrose of Whit
man College. The rules of the college
and graduation requirements will be
modified for the benefit of the high
brows.
