# New Dancing Club.
## 
### 
A dancing club was started last
Saturday evening at Nortree Hall,
under the direction of J. G. Malun,
music being furnished by E. B.
Bartholomew (piano) and C. G.
Gregory (violin). At the regular
Saturday evening meetings of the
organization, Mr. Malun will give
instruction from 7.30 to 8:45,
charging fifty cents to gentlemen
and ladies alike for each lesson.
The remainder of the evening, from
9 to 12, will be given to a social
dance, all those remaining from
the dancing class being charged
nothing. To this part of thednnee
all ladies will be admitted free and
men who did not attend the danc
ing class will be charged fifty
cents. The club, which is open to
all, gives in the last period live
waltzes, seven two-steps, and three
extras.
A dancing club was started last
Saturday evening at Nortree Hall,
under the direction of J. G. Malun,
music being furnished by E. B.
Bartholomew (piano) and C. G.
Gregory (violin). At the regular
Saturday evening meetings of the
organization, Mr. Malun will give
instruction from 7.30 to 8:45,
charging fifty cents to gentlemen
and ladies alike for each lesson.
The remainder of the evening, from
9 to 12, will be given to a social
dance, all those remaining from
the dancing class being charged
nothing. To this part of thednnee
all ladies will be admitted free and
men who did not attend the danc
ing class will be charged fifty
cents. The club, which is open to
all, gives in the last period live
waltzes, seven two-steps, and three
extras.
A dancing club was started last
Saturday evening at Nortree Hall,
under the direction of J. G. Malun,
music being furnished by E. B.
Bartholomew (piano) and C. G.
Gregory (violin). At the regular
Saturday evening meetings of the
organization, Mr. Malun will give
instruction from 7.30 to 8:45,
charging fifty cents to gentlemen
and ladies alike for each lesson.
The remainder of the evening, from
9 to 12, will be given to a social
dance, all those remaining from
the dancing class being charged
nothing. To this part of thednnee
all ladies will be admitted free and
men who did not attend the danc
ing class will be charged fifty
cents. The club, which is open to
all, gives in the last period live
waltzes, seven two-steps, and three
extras.
A dancing club was started last
Saturday evening at Nortree Hall,
under the direction of J. G. Malun,
music being furnished by E. B.
Bartholomew (piano) and C. G.
Gregory (violin). At the regular
Saturday evening meetings of the
organization, Mr. Malun will give
instruction from 7.30 to 8:45,
charging fifty cents to gentlemen
and ladies alike for each lesson.
The remainder of the evening, from
9 to 12, will be given to a social
dance, all those remaining from
the dancing class being charged
nothing. To this part of thednnee
all ladies will be admitted free and
men who did not attend the danc
ing class will be charged fifty
cents. The club, which is open to
all, gives in the last period live
waltzes, seven two-steps, and three
extras.
A dancing club was started last
Saturday evening at Nortree Hall,
under the direction of J. G. Malun,
music being furnished by E. B.
Bartholomew (piano) and C. G.
Gregory (violin). At the regular
Saturday evening meetings of the
organization, Mr. Malun will give
instruction from 7.30 to 8:45,
charging fifty cents to gentlemen
and ladies alike for each lesson.
The remainder of the evening, from
9 to 12, will be given to a social
dance, all those remaining from
the dancing class being charged
nothing. To this part of thednnee
all ladies will be admitted free and
men who did not attend the danc
ing class will be charged fifty
cents. The club, which is open to
all, gives in the last period live
waltzes, seven two-steps, and three
extras.
A dancing club was started last
Saturday evening at Nortree Hall,
under the direction of J. G. Malun,
music being furnished by E. B.
Bartholomew (piano) and C. G.
Gregory (violin). At the regular
Saturday evening meetings of the
organization, Mr. Malun will give
instruction from 7.30 to 8:45,
charging fifty cents to gentlemen
and ladies alike for each lesson.
The remainder of the evening, from
9 to 12, will be given to a social
dance, all those remaining from
the dancing class being charged
nothing. To this part of thednnee
all ladies will be admitted free and
men who did not attend the danc
ing class will be charged fifty
cents. The club, which is open to
all, gives in the last period live
waltzes, seven two-steps, and three
extras.
A dancing club was started last
Saturday evening at Nortree Hall,
under the direction of J. G. Malun,
music being furnished by E. B.
Bartholomew (piano) and C. G.
Gregory (violin). At the regular
Saturday evening meetings of the
organization, Mr. Malun will give
instruction from 7.30 to 8:45,
charging fifty cents to gentlemen
and ladies alike for each lesson.
The remainder of the evening, from
9 to 12, will be given to a social
dance, all those remaining from
the dancing class being charged
nothing. To this part of thednnee
all ladies will be admitted free and
men who did not attend the danc
ing class will be charged fifty
cents. The club, which is open to
all, gives in the last period live
waltzes, seven two-steps, and three
extras.
