# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Several track meets ought to be
arranged for immediate future.
Now is the time they will be valu
able in helping to develop new
material. The proposed trip to
Washington at the end of the se
mester will not aid in creating in
terest in the track now. But if we
could have something of this kind
during the Easter vacation, or if
we could have several field-days
before that time, it would greatly
augment the interest of everyone.
If we are to make a creditable show
ing against Berkeley, it is high
time for the management to do
something to show the athletes that
they have the support of the stu
dents, and to give the students a
chance to show their appreciation.
Several track meets ought to be
arranged for immediate future.
Now is the time they will be valu
able in helping to develop new
material. The proposed trip to
Washington at the end of the se
mester will not aid in creating in
terest in the track now. But if we
could have something of this kind
during the Easter vacation, or if
we could have several field-days
before that time, it would greatly
augment the interest of everyone.
If we are to make a creditable show
ing against Berkeley, it is high
time for the management to do
something to show the athletes that
they have the support of the stu
dents, and to give the students a
chance to show their appreciation.
Several track meets ought to be
arranged for immediate future.
Now is the time they will be valu
able in helping to develop new
material. The proposed trip to
Washington at the end of the se
mester will not aid in creating in
terest in the track now. But if we
could have something of this kind
during the Easter vacation, or if
we could have several field-days
before that time, it would greatly
augment the interest of everyone.
If we are to make a creditable show
ing against Berkeley, it is high
time for the management to do
something to show the athletes that
they have the support of the stu
dents, and to give the students a
chance to show their appreciation.
Several track meets ought to be
arranged for immediate future.
Now is the time they will be valu
able in helping to develop new
material. The proposed trip to
Washington at the end of the se
mester will not aid in creating in
terest in the track now. But if we
could have something of this kind
during the Easter vacation, or if
we could have several field-days
before that time, it would greatly
augment the interest of everyone.
If we are to make a creditable show
ing against Berkeley, it is high
time for the management to do
something to show the athletes that
they have the support of the stu
dents, and to give the students a
chance to show their appreciation.
Several track meets ought to be
arranged for immediate future.
Now is the time they will be valu
able in helping to develop new
material. The proposed trip to
Washington at the end of the se
mester will not aid in creating in
terest in the track now. But if we
could have something of this kind
during the Easter vacation, or if
we could have several field-days
before that time, it would greatly
augment the interest of everyone.
If we are to make a creditable show
ing against Berkeley, it is high
time for the management to do
something to show the athletes that
they have the support of the stu
dents, and to give the students a
chance to show their appreciation.
Several track meets ought to be
arranged for immediate future.
Now is the time they will be valu
able in helping to develop new
material. The proposed trip to
Washington at the end of the se
mester will not aid in creating in
terest in the track now. But if we
could have something of this kind
during the Easter vacation, or if
we could have several field-days
before that time, it would greatly
augment the interest of everyone.
If we are to make a creditable show
ing against Berkeley, it is high
time for the management to do
something to show the athletes that
they have the support of the stu
dents, and to give the students a
chance to show their appreciation.
Several track meets ought to be
arranged for immediate future.
Now is the time they will be valu
able in helping to develop new
material. The proposed trip to
Washington at the end of the se
mester will not aid in creating in
terest in the track now. But if we
could have something of this kind
during the Easter vacation, or if
we could have several field-days
before that time, it would greatly
augment the interest of everyone.
If we are to make a creditable show
ing against Berkeley, it is high
time for the management to do
something to show the athletes that
they have the support of the stu
dents, and to give the students a
chance to show their appreciation.
