# "Faculty" Gym Classes Will Be Conducted
## 
### 
Regular classes in swimming, bask
etball, and gymnasium work for mem
bers of the faculty will be held this
quarter, it was announced today by
physical trainer W. F. Maloney. The
classes will be held Mondays' Wednes
days, and Fridays from 12:30 to 1:15
p.m. Plans have been made for the
classes to commence January 9 under
the direction of professors Maloney
and Brandsten.
Regular classes in swimming, bask
etball, and gymnasium work for mem
bers of the faculty will be held this
quarter, it was announced today by
physical trainer W. F. Maloney. The
classes will be held Mondays' Wednes
days, and Fridays from 12:30 to 1:15
p.m. Plans have been made for the
classes to commence January 9 under
the direction of professors Maloney
and Brandsten.
Regular classes in swimming, bask
etball, and gymnasium work for mem
bers of the faculty will be held this
quarter, it was announced today by
physical trainer W. F. Maloney. The
classes will be held Mondays' Wednes
days, and Fridays from 12:30 to 1:15
p.m. Plans have been made for the
classes to commence January 9 under
the direction of professors Maloney
and Brandsten.
Regular classes in swimming, bask
etball, and gymnasium work for mem
bers of the faculty will be held this
quarter, it was announced today by
physical trainer W. F. Maloney. The
classes will be held Mondays' Wednes
days, and Fridays from 12:30 to 1:15
p.m. Plans have been made for the
classes to commence January 9 under
the direction of professors Maloney
and Brandsten.
Regular classes in swimming, bask
etball, and gymnasium work for mem
bers of the faculty will be held this
quarter, it was announced today by
physical trainer W. F. Maloney. The
classes will be held Mondays' Wednes
days, and Fridays from 12:30 to 1:15
p.m. Plans have been made for the
classes to commence January 9 under
the direction of professors Maloney
and Brandsten.
Regular classes in swimming, bask
etball, and gymnasium work for mem
bers of the faculty will be held this
quarter, it was announced today by
physical trainer W. F. Maloney. The
classes will be held Mondays' Wednes
days, and Fridays from 12:30 to 1:15
p.m. Plans have been made for the
classes to commence January 9 under
the direction of professors Maloney
and Brandsten.
Regular classes in swimming, bask
etball, and gymnasium work for mem
bers of the faculty will be held this
quarter, it was announced today by
physical trainer W. F. Maloney. The
classes will be held Mondays' Wednes
days, and Fridays from 12:30 to 1:15
p.m. Plans have been made for the
classes to commence January 9 under
the direction of professors Maloney
and Brandsten.
Regular classes in swimming, bask
etball, and gymnasium work for mem
bers of the faculty will be held this
quarter, it was announced today by
physical trainer W. F. Maloney. The
classes will be held Mondays' Wednes
days, and Fridays from 12:30 to 1:15
p.m. Plans have been made for the
classes to commence January 9 under
the direction of professors Maloney
and Brandsten.
Regular classes in swimming, bask
etball, and gymnasium work for mem
bers of the faculty will be held this
quarter, it was announced today by
physical trainer W. F. Maloney. The
classes will be held Mondays' Wednes
days, and Fridays from 12:30 to 1:15
p.m. Plans have been made for the
classes to commence January 9 under
the direction of professors Maloney
and Brandsten.
Regular classes in swimming, bask
etball, and gymnasium work for mem
bers of the faculty will be held this
quarter, it was announced today by
physical trainer W. F. Maloney. The
classes will be held Mondays' Wednes
days, and Fridays from 12:30 to 1:15
p.m. Plans have been made for the
classes to commence January 9 under
the direction of professors Maloney
and Brandsten.
Regular classes in swimming, bask
etball, and gymnasium work for mem
bers of the faculty will be held this
quarter, it was announced today by
physical trainer W. F. Maloney. The
classes will be held Mondays' Wednes
days, and Fridays from 12:30 to 1:15
p.m. Plans have been made for the
classes to commence January 9 under
the direction of professors Maloney
and Brandsten.
Regular classes in swimming, bask
etball, and gymnasium work for mem
bers of the faculty will be held this
quarter, it was announced today by
physical trainer W. F. Maloney. The
classes will be held Mondays' Wednes
days, and Fridays from 12:30 to 1:15
p.m. Plans have been made for the
classes to commence January 9 under
the direction of professors Maloney
and Brandsten.
