# Important Text Books Arrive at Bookstore
## 
### 
Texts which have been newly re
ceived by the Stanford Bookstore are
as follows: Sierra's "Teatro de Ensu
eno"; Ibanez's, "La Barraca," and
Hawk, Luby, and Teuton's, "Second
Course in Algebra."
Texts which have been newly re
ceived by the Stanford Bookstore are
as follows: Sierra's "Teatro de Ensu
eno"; Ibanez's, "La Barraca," and
Hawk, Luby, and Teuton's, "Second
Course in Algebra."
Texts which have been newly re
ceived by the Stanford Bookstore are
as follows: Sierra's "Teatro de Ensu
eno"; Ibanez's, "La Barraca," and
Hawk, Luby, and Teuton's, "Second
Course in Algebra."
Texts which have been newly re
ceived by the Stanford Bookstore are
as follows: Sierra's "Teatro de Ensu
eno"; Ibanez's, "La Barraca," and
Hawk, Luby, and Teuton's, "Second
Course in Algebra."
Texts which have been newly re
ceived by the Stanford Bookstore are
as follows: Sierra's "Teatro de Ensu
eno"; Ibanez's, "La Barraca," and
Hawk, Luby, and Teuton's, "Second
Course in Algebra."
Texts which have been newly re
ceived by the Stanford Bookstore are
as follows: Sierra's "Teatro de Ensu
eno"; Ibanez's, "La Barraca," and
Hawk, Luby, and Teuton's, "Second
Course in Algebra."
Texts which have been newly re
ceived by the Stanford Bookstore are
as follows: Sierra's "Teatro de Ensu
eno"; Ibanez's, "La Barraca," and
Hawk, Luby, and Teuton's, "Second
Course in Algebra."
Texts which have been newly re
ceived by the Stanford Bookstore are
as follows: Sierra's "Teatro de Ensu
eno"; Ibanez's, "La Barraca," and
Hawk, Luby, and Teuton's, "Second
Course in Algebra."
Texts which have been newly re
ceived by the Stanford Bookstore are
as follows: Sierra's "Teatro de Ensu
eno"; Ibanez's, "La Barraca," and
Hawk, Luby, and Teuton's, "Second
Course in Algebra."
Texts which have been newly re
ceived by the Stanford Bookstore are
as follows: Sierra's "Teatro de Ensu
eno"; Ibanez's, "La Barraca," and
Hawk, Luby, and Teuton's, "Second
Course in Algebra."
Texts which have been newly re
ceived by the Stanford Bookstore are
as follows: Sierra's "Teatro de Ensu
eno"; Ibanez's, "La Barraca," and
Hawk, Luby, and Teuton's, "Second
Course in Algebra."
Texts which have been newly re
ceived by the Stanford Bookstore are
as follows: Sierra's "Teatro de Ensu
eno"; Ibanez's, "La Barraca," and
Hawk, Luby, and Teuton's, "Second
Course in Algebra."
