# Russ Marshals Admit West Helped in WW II
## 
### 
LONDONâ€”Two Russian marshals
admitted today that the United
States helped win World War 11,
but both agreed the defeat of Nazi
Germany was really a victory for
Soviet "socialism."
Marshal I. S. Koniev presented his
version of history in a V-E anni
versary .speech broadcast by Radio
Moscow. Defense Minister G. K.
Zhukov made his comments in an
article published by the Moscow
Communist organ Pravda and in a
speech in Communist East Berlin.
Koniev did not mention U.S. and
British aid to Russia, nor did he
refer to the Nazi-Soviet pact which
gave Hitler the green light for war.
Zhukov said in his Pravda article
the Western Allies "made their wor
thy contribution to the common
struggle."
