# Warning System Set
## 
### 
NEW SIREN Stanford fireman Albert Ramies tests the new Farm air raid siren, located atop the
Firehouse hose tower. The siren was installed recently as part of the now Civil Defense-devised
warning system. Under the new system, an "alert" is signaled by a steady siren tone three to five
minutes long, and the "take cover" by a three-minute wailing siren or group of short air whistle
blasts. There is no "all-clear" signal in the system, for radioactive fallout prevents a simulta
neous all-clear for all areas.


Keith Fr.nscr
NEW SIREN Stanford fireman Albert Ramies tests the new Farm air raid siren, located atop the
Firehouse hose tower. The siren was installed recently as part of the now Civil Defense-devised
warning system. Under the new system, an "alert" is signaled by a steady siren tone three to five
minutes long, and the "take cover" by a three-minute wailing siren or group of short air whistle
blasts. There is no "all-clear" signal in the system, for radioactive fallout prevents a simulta
neous all-clear for all areas.


Keith Fr.nscr
NEW SIREN Stanford fireman Albert Ramies tests the new Farm air raid siren, located atop the
Firehouse hose tower. The siren was installed recently as part of the now Civil Defense-devised
warning system. Under the new system, an "alert" is signaled by a steady siren tone three to five
minutes long, and the "take cover" by a three-minute wailing siren or group of short air whistle
blasts. There is no "all-clear" signal in the system, for radioactive fallout prevents a simulta
neous all-clear for all areas.


Keith Fr.nscr
NEW SIREN Stanford fireman Albert Ramies tests the new Farm air raid siren, located atop the
Firehouse hose tower. The siren was installed recently as part of the now Civil Defense-devised
warning system. Under the new system, an "alert" is signaled by a steady siren tone three to five
minutes long, and the "take cover" by a three-minute wailing siren or group of short air whistle
blasts. There is no "all-clear" signal in the system, for radioactive fallout prevents a simulta
neous all-clear for all areas.


Keith Fr.nscr
NEW SIREN Stanford fireman Albert Ramies tests the new Farm air raid siren, located atop the
Firehouse hose tower. The siren was installed recently as part of the now Civil Defense-devised
warning system. Under the new system, an "alert" is signaled by a steady siren tone three to five
minutes long, and the "take cover" by a three-minute wailing siren or group of short air whistle
blasts. There is no "all-clear" signal in the system, for radioactive fallout prevents a simulta
neous all-clear for all areas.


Keith Fr.nscr
NEW SIREN Stanford fireman Albert Ramies tests the new Farm air raid siren, located atop the
Firehouse hose tower. The siren was installed recently as part of the now Civil Defense-devised
warning system. Under the new system, an "alert" is signaled by a steady siren tone three to five
minutes long, and the "take cover" by a three-minute wailing siren or group of short air whistle
blasts. There is no "all-clear" signal in the system, for radioactive fallout prevents a simulta
neous all-clear for all areas.


Keith Fr.nscr
NEW SIREN Stanford fireman Albert Ramies tests the new Farm air raid siren, located atop the
Firehouse hose tower. The siren was installed recently as part of the now Civil Defense-devised
warning system. Under the new system, an "alert" is signaled by a steady siren tone three to five
minutes long, and the "take cover" by a three-minute wailing siren or group of short air whistle
blasts. There is no "all-clear" signal in the system, for radioactive fallout prevents a simulta
neous all-clear for all areas.


Keith Fr.nscr
NEW SIREN Stanford fireman Albert Ramies tests the new Farm air raid siren, located atop the
Firehouse hose tower. The siren was installed recently as part of the now Civil Defense-devised
warning system. Under the new system, an "alert" is signaled by a steady siren tone three to five
minutes long, and the "take cover" by a three-minute wailing siren or group of short air whistle
blasts. There is no "all-clear" signal in the system, for radioactive fallout prevents a simulta
neous all-clear for all areas.


Keith Fr.nscr
NEW SIREN Stanford fireman Albert Ramies tests the new Farm air raid siren, located atop the
Firehouse hose tower. The siren was installed recently as part of the now Civil Defense-devised
warning system. Under the new system, an "alert" is signaled by a steady siren tone three to five
minutes long, and the "take cover" by a three-minute wailing siren or group of short air whistle
blasts. There is no "all-clear" signal in the system, for radioactive fallout prevents a simulta
neous all-clear for all areas.


Keith Fr.nscr
NEW SIREN Stanford fireman Albert Ramies tests the new Farm air raid siren, located atop the
Firehouse hose tower. The siren was installed recently as part of the now Civil Defense-devised
warning system. Under the new system, an "alert" is signaled by a steady siren tone three to five
minutes long, and the "take cover" by a three-minute wailing siren or group of short air whistle
blasts. There is no "all-clear" signal in the system, for radioactive fallout prevents a simulta
neous all-clear for all areas.


Keith Fr.nscr
NEW SIREN Stanford fireman Albert Ramies tests the new Farm air raid siren, located atop the
Firehouse hose tower. The siren was installed recently as part of the now Civil Defense-devised
warning system. Under the new system, an "alert" is signaled by a steady siren tone three to five
minutes long, and the "take cover" by a three-minute wailing siren or group of short air whistle
blasts. There is no "all-clear" signal in the system, for radioactive fallout prevents a simulta
neous all-clear for all areas.


Keith Fr.nscr
NEW SIREN Stanford fireman Albert Ramies tests the new Farm air raid siren, located atop the
Firehouse hose tower. The siren was installed recently as part of the now Civil Defense-devised
warning system. Under the new system, an "alert" is signaled by a steady siren tone three to five
minutes long, and the "take cover" by a three-minute wailing siren or group of short air whistle
blasts. There is no "all-clear" signal in the system, for radioactive fallout prevents a simulta
neous all-clear for all areas.


Keith Fr.nscr
NEW SIREN Stanford fireman Albert Ramies tests the new Farm air raid siren, located atop the
Firehouse hose tower. The siren was installed recently as part of the now Civil Defense-devised
warning system. Under the new system, an "alert" is signaled by a steady siren tone three to five
minutes long, and the "take cover" by a three-minute wailing siren or group of short air whistle
blasts. There is no "all-clear" signal in the system, for radioactive fallout prevents a simulta
neous all-clear for all areas.


Keith Fr.nscr
NEW SIREN Stanford fireman Albert Ramies tests the new Farm air raid siren, located atop the
Firehouse hose tower. The siren was installed recently as part of the now Civil Defense-devised
warning system. Under the new system, an "alert" is signaled by a steady siren tone three to five
minutes long, and the "take cover" by a three-minute wailing siren or group of short air whistle
blasts. There is no "all-clear" signal in the system, for radioactive fallout prevents a simulta
neous all-clear for all areas.


Keith Fr.nscr
NEW SIREN Stanford fireman Albert Ramies tests the new Farm air raid siren, located atop the
Firehouse hose tower. The siren was installed recently as part of the now Civil Defense-devised
warning system. Under the new system, an "alert" is signaled by a steady siren tone three to five
minutes long, and the "take cover" by a three-minute wailing siren or group of short air whistle
blasts. There is no "all-clear" signal in the system, for radioactive fallout prevents a simulta
neous all-clear for all areas.


Keith Fr.nscr
