# Adv. 16 Page 6
## 
### 
COLLEGE TEACHING
COOPERATIVE COLLEGE
REGISTRY
Recruiting college teachers for
over 200 four year accredited
liberal arts colleges through
out the United States. Service
is free to all registrants. Ad
ministrative and faculty posi
tions in all areas of the cur
riculum. Master's Degree is
minimum requirement, Ph.D.
degree or near preferred. Sal
aries $6500-$22,000. Make
appointments for interviews
through the STANFORD Uni-
VERSITY PLACEMENT SERV
ICES, White Memorial Plaza,
Monday, January 8 through
Wednesday, Jan. 10, 1968.
COLLEGE TEACHING
COOPERATIVE COLLEGE
REGISTRY
Recruiting college teachers for
over 200 four year accredited
liberal arts colleges through
out the United States. Service
is free to all registrants. Ad
ministrative and faculty posi
tions in all areas of the cur
riculum. Master's Degree is
minimum requirement, Ph.D.
degree or near preferred. Sal
aries $6500-$22,000. Make
appointments for interviews
through the STANFORD Uni-
VERSITY PLACEMENT SERV
ICES, White Memorial Plaza,
Monday, January 8 through
Wednesday, Jan. 10, 1968.
COLLEGE TEACHING
COOPERATIVE COLLEGE
REGISTRY
Recruiting college teachers for
over 200 four year accredited
liberal arts colleges through
out the United States. Service
is free to all registrants. Ad
ministrative and faculty posi
tions in all areas of the cur
riculum. Master's Degree is
minimum requirement, Ph.D.
degree or near preferred. Sal
aries $6500-$22,000. Make
appointments for interviews
through the STANFORD Uni-
VERSITY PLACEMENT SERV
ICES, White Memorial Plaza,
Monday, January 8 through
Wednesday, Jan. 10, 1968.
COLLEGE TEACHING
COOPERATIVE COLLEGE
REGISTRY
Recruiting college teachers for
over 200 four year accredited
liberal arts colleges through
out the United States. Service
is free to all registrants. Ad
ministrative and faculty posi
tions in all areas of the cur
riculum. Master's Degree is
minimum requirement, Ph.D.
degree or near preferred. Sal
aries $6500-$22,000. Make
appointments for interviews
through the STANFORD Uni-
VERSITY PLACEMENT SERV
ICES, White Memorial Plaza,
Monday, January 8 through
Wednesday, Jan. 10, 1968.
COLLEGE TEACHING
COOPERATIVE COLLEGE
REGISTRY
Recruiting college teachers for
over 200 four year accredited
liberal arts colleges through
out the United States. Service
is free to all registrants. Ad
ministrative and faculty posi
tions in all areas of the cur
riculum. Master's Degree is
minimum requirement, Ph.D.
degree or near preferred. Sal
aries $6500-$22,000. Make
appointments for interviews
through the STANFORD Uni-
VERSITY PLACEMENT SERV
ICES, White Memorial Plaza,
Monday, January 8 through
Wednesday, Jan. 10, 1968.
COLLEGE TEACHING
COOPERATIVE COLLEGE
REGISTRY
Recruiting college teachers for
over 200 four year accredited
liberal arts colleges through
out the United States. Service
is free to all registrants. Ad
ministrative and faculty posi
tions in all areas of the cur
riculum. Master's Degree is
minimum requirement, Ph.D.
degree or near preferred. Sal
aries $6500-$22,000. Make
appointments for interviews
through the STANFORD Uni-
VERSITY PLACEMENT SERV
ICES, White Memorial Plaza,
Monday, January 8 through
Wednesday, Jan. 10, 1968.
COLLEGE TEACHING
COOPERATIVE COLLEGE
REGISTRY
Recruiting college teachers for
over 200 four year accredited
liberal arts colleges through
out the United States. Service
is free to all registrants. Ad
ministrative and faculty posi
tions in all areas of the cur
riculum. Master's Degree is
minimum requirement, Ph.D.
degree or near preferred. Sal
aries $6500-$22,000. Make
appointments for interviews
through the STANFORD Uni-
VERSITY PLACEMENT SERV
ICES, White Memorial Plaza,
Monday, January 8 through
Wednesday, Jan. 10, 1968.
COLLEGE TEACHING
COOPERATIVE COLLEGE
REGISTRY
Recruiting college teachers for
over 200 four year accredited
liberal arts colleges through
out the United States. Service
is free to all registrants. Ad
ministrative and faculty posi
tions in all areas of the cur
riculum. Master's Degree is
minimum requirement, Ph.D.
degree or near preferred. Sal
aries $6500-$22,000. Make
appointments for interviews
through the STANFORD Uni-
VERSITY PLACEMENT SERV
ICES, White Memorial Plaza,
Monday, January 8 through
Wednesday, Jan. 10, 1968.
COLLEGE TEACHING
COOPERATIVE COLLEGE
REGISTRY
Recruiting college teachers for
over 200 four year accredited
liberal arts colleges through
out the United States. Service
is free to all registrants. Ad
ministrative and faculty posi
tions in all areas of the cur
riculum. Master's Degree is
minimum requirement, Ph.D.
degree or near preferred. Sal
aries $6500-$22,000. Make
appointments for interviews
through the STANFORD Uni-
VERSITY PLACEMENT SERV
ICES, White Memorial Plaza,
Monday, January 8 through
Wednesday, Jan. 10, 1968.
COLLEGE TEACHING
COOPERATIVE COLLEGE
REGISTRY
Recruiting college teachers for
over 200 four year accredited
liberal arts colleges through
out the United States. Service
is free to all registrants. Ad
ministrative and faculty posi
tions in all areas of the cur
riculum. Master's Degree is
minimum requirement, Ph.D.
degree or near preferred. Sal
aries $6500-$22,000. Make
appointments for interviews
through the STANFORD Uni-
VERSITY PLACEMENT SERV
ICES, White Memorial Plaza,
Monday, January 8 through
Wednesday, Jan. 10, 1968.
COLLEGE TEACHING
COOPERATIVE COLLEGE
REGISTRY
Recruiting college teachers for
over 200 four year accredited
liberal arts colleges through
out the United States. Service
is free to all registrants. Ad
ministrative and faculty posi
tions in all areas of the cur
riculum. Master's Degree is
minimum requirement, Ph.D.
degree or near preferred. Sal
aries $6500-$22,000. Make
appointments for interviews
through the STANFORD Uni-
VERSITY PLACEMENT SERV
ICES, White Memorial Plaza,
Monday, January 8 through
Wednesday, Jan. 10, 1968.
COLLEGE TEACHING
COOPERATIVE COLLEGE
REGISTRY
Recruiting college teachers for
over 200 four year accredited
liberal arts colleges through
out the United States. Service
is free to all registrants. Ad
ministrative and faculty posi
tions in all areas of the cur
riculum. Master's Degree is
minimum requirement, Ph.D.
degree or near preferred. Sal
aries $6500-$22,000. Make
appointments for interviews
through the STANFORD Uni-
VERSITY PLACEMENT SERV
ICES, White Memorial Plaza,
Monday, January 8 through
Wednesday, Jan. 10, 1968.
COLLEGE TEACHING
COOPERATIVE COLLEGE
REGISTRY
Recruiting college teachers for
over 200 four year accredited
liberal arts colleges through
out the United States. Service
is free to all registrants. Ad
ministrative and faculty posi
tions in all areas of the cur
riculum. Master's Degree is
minimum requirement, Ph.D.
degree or near preferred. Sal
aries $6500-$22,000. Make
appointments for interviews
through the STANFORD Uni-
VERSITY PLACEMENT SERV
ICES, White Memorial Plaza,
Monday, January 8 through
Wednesday, Jan. 10, 1968.
COLLEGE TEACHING
COOPERATIVE COLLEGE
REGISTRY
Recruiting college teachers for
over 200 four year accredited
liberal arts colleges through
out the United States. Service
is free to all registrants. Ad
ministrative and faculty posi
tions in all areas of the cur
riculum. Master's Degree is
minimum requirement, Ph.D.
degree or near preferred. Sal
aries $6500-$22,000. Make
appointments for interviews
through the STANFORD Uni-
VERSITY PLACEMENT SERV
ICES, White Memorial Plaza,
Monday, January 8 through
Wednesday, Jan. 10, 1968.
COLLEGE TEACHING
COOPERATIVE COLLEGE
REGISTRY
Recruiting college teachers for
over 200 four year accredited
liberal arts colleges through
out the United States. Service
is free to all registrants. Ad
ministrative and faculty posi
tions in all areas of the cur
riculum. Master's Degree is
minimum requirement, Ph.D.
degree or near preferred. Sal
aries $6500-$22,000. Make
appointments for interviews
through the STANFORD Uni-
VERSITY PLACEMENT SERV
ICES, White Memorial Plaza,
Monday, January 8 through
Wednesday, Jan. 10, 1968.
