# Harris To Refuse Induction
## 
### 
David Harris, former student
body president, says he will re
fuse induction into the Armed
Forces January 17.
The 21-year-old Harris recently
announced that his draft board
in Fresno has transferred his
records to the Oakland Induc
tion Center. Harris says he will
refuse to enter the building,
scene of week-long demonstra
tions in October. He was among
those arrested during the "Stop
the Draft Week" demonstra
tions.
Harris took part in the Decern

ber 18 anti-draft protest in Oak
land though he was not among
those arrested. He said he
"thought the turnout at the
Center was "good."
Convictions for violations of
draft laws doubled in the last
year, and judges handed out
stiffer sentences, Federal court
figures showed recently.
Statistics show that 748 per
sons were convicted during the
fiscal year ending last June 30.
This compares with 372 during
the 1966 fiscal year. The aver
age sentence meted out to the

666 persons who went to prison
was 32.1 months compared with
26.4 months in 1966 and 21
months in 1965.
Of those imprisoned last year,
58 received sentences of 5 years
or more, 291 received 3 to 5
years, and 270 a year and a day
to 3 years.
The figures show also that the
Justice Department has obtained
convictions in about half the
cases it prosecutes. The govern
ment initiated 1388 cases dur
ing the first four months of the
fiscal year which began last
July 1.
David Harris, former student
body president, says he will re
fuse induction into the Armed
Forces January 17.
The 21-year-old Harris recently
announced that his draft board
in Fresno has transferred his
records to the Oakland Induc
tion Center. Harris says he will
refuse to enter the building,
scene of week-long demonstra
tions in October. He was among
those arrested during the "Stop
the Draft Week" demonstra
tions.
Harris took part in the Decern

ber 18 anti-draft protest in Oak
land though he was not among
those arrested. He said he
"thought the turnout at the
Center was "good."
Convictions for violations of
draft laws doubled in the last
year, and judges handed out
stiffer sentences, Federal court
figures showed recently.
Statistics show that 748 per
sons were convicted during the
fiscal year ending last June 30.
This compares with 372 during
the 1966 fiscal year. The aver
age sentence meted out to the

666 persons who went to prison
was 32.1 months compared with
26.4 months in 1966 and 21
months in 1965.
Of those imprisoned last year,
58 received sentences of 5 years
or more, 291 received 3 to 5
years, and 270 a year and a day
to 3 years.
The figures show also that the
Justice Department has obtained
convictions in about half the
cases it prosecutes. The govern
ment initiated 1388 cases dur
ing the first four months of the
fiscal year which began last
July 1.
David Harris, former student
body president, says he will re
fuse induction into the Armed
Forces January 17.
The 21-year-old Harris recently
announced that his draft board
in Fresno has transferred his
records to the Oakland Induc
tion Center. Harris says he will
refuse to enter the building,
scene of week-long demonstra
tions in October. He was among
those arrested during the "Stop
the Draft Week" demonstra
tions.
Harris took part in the Decern

ber 18 anti-draft protest in Oak
land though he was not among
those arrested. He said he
"thought the turnout at the
Center was "good."
Convictions for violations of
draft laws doubled in the last
year, and judges handed out
stiffer sentences, Federal court
figures showed recently.
Statistics show that 748 per
sons were convicted during the
fiscal year ending last June 30.
This compares with 372 during
the 1966 fiscal year. The aver
age sentence meted out to the

666 persons who went to prison
was 32.1 months compared with
26.4 months in 1966 and 21
months in 1965.
Of those imprisoned last year,
58 received sentences of 5 years
or more, 291 received 3 to 5
years, and 270 a year and a day
to 3 years.
The figures show also that the
Justice Department has obtained
convictions in about half the
cases it prosecutes. The govern
ment initiated 1388 cases dur
ing the first four months of the
fiscal year which began last
July 1.
David Harris, former student
body president, says he will re
fuse induction into the Armed
Forces January 17.
The 21-year-old Harris recently
announced that his draft board
in Fresno has transferred his
records to the Oakland Induc
tion Center. Harris says he will
refuse to enter the building,
scene of week-long demonstra
tions in October. He was among
those arrested during the "Stop
the Draft Week" demonstra
tions.
Harris took part in the Decern

ber 18 anti-draft protest in Oak
land though he was not among
those arrested. He said he
"thought the turnout at the
Center was "good."
Convictions for violations of
draft laws doubled in the last
year, and judges handed out
stiffer sentences, Federal court
figures showed recently.
Statistics show that 748 per
sons were convicted during the
fiscal year ending last June 30.
This compares with 372 during
the 1966 fiscal year. The aver
age sentence meted out to the

666 persons who went to prison
was 32.1 months compared with
26.4 months in 1966 and 21
months in 1965.
Of those imprisoned last year,
58 received sentences of 5 years
or more, 291 received 3 to 5
years, and 270 a year and a day
to 3 years.
The figures show also that the
Justice Department has obtained
convictions in about half the
cases it prosecutes. The govern
ment initiated 1388 cases dur
ing the first four months of the
fiscal year which began last
July 1.
David Harris, former student
body president, says he will re
fuse induction into the Armed
Forces January 17.
The 21-year-old Harris recently
announced that his draft board
in Fresno has transferred his
records to the Oakland Induc
tion Center. Harris says he will
refuse to enter the building,
scene of week-long demonstra
tions in October. He was among
those arrested during the "Stop
the Draft Week" demonstra
tions.
Harris took part in the Decern

ber 18 anti-draft protest in Oak
land though he was not among
those arrested. He said he
"thought the turnout at the
Center was "good."
Convictions for violations of
draft laws doubled in the last
year, and judges handed out
stiffer sentences, Federal court
figures showed recently.
Statistics show that 748 per
sons were convicted during the
fiscal year ending last June 30.
This compares with 372 during
the 1966 fiscal year. The aver
age sentence meted out to the

666 persons who went to prison
was 32.1 months compared with
26.4 months in 1966 and 21
months in 1965.
Of those imprisoned last year,
58 received sentences of 5 years
or more, 291 received 3 to 5
years, and 270 a year and a day
to 3 years.
The figures show also that the
Justice Department has obtained
convictions in about half the
cases it prosecutes. The govern
ment initiated 1388 cases dur
ing the first four months of the
fiscal year which began last
July 1.
David Harris, former student
body president, says he will re
fuse induction into the Armed
Forces January 17.
The 21-year-old Harris recently
announced that his draft board
in Fresno has transferred his
records to the Oakland Induc
tion Center. Harris says he will
refuse to enter the building,
scene of week-long demonstra
tions in October. He was among
those arrested during the "Stop
the Draft Week" demonstra
tions.
Harris took part in the Decern

ber 18 anti-draft protest in Oak
land though he was not among
those arrested. He said he
"thought the turnout at the
Center was "good."
Convictions for violations of
draft laws doubled in the last
year, and judges handed out
stiffer sentences, Federal court
figures showed recently.
Statistics show that 748 per
sons were convicted during the
fiscal year ending last June 30.
This compares with 372 during
the 1966 fiscal year. The aver
age sentence meted out to the

666 persons who went to prison
was 32.1 months compared with
26.4 months in 1966 and 21
months in 1965.
Of those imprisoned last year,
58 received sentences of 5 years
or more, 291 received 3 to 5
years, and 270 a year and a day
to 3 years.
The figures show also that the
Justice Department has obtained
convictions in about half the
cases it prosecutes. The govern
ment initiated 1388 cases dur
ing the first four months of the
fiscal year which began last
July 1.
David Harris, former student
body president, says he will re
fuse induction into the Armed
Forces January 17.
The 21-year-old Harris recently
announced that his draft board
in Fresno has transferred his
records to the Oakland Induc
tion Center. Harris says he will
refuse to enter the building,
scene of week-long demonstra
tions in October. He was among
those arrested during the "Stop
the Draft Week" demonstra
tions.
Harris took part in the Decern

ber 18 anti-draft protest in Oak
land though he was not among
those arrested. He said he
"thought the turnout at the
Center was "good."
Convictions for violations of
draft laws doubled in the last
year, and judges handed out
stiffer sentences, Federal court
figures showed recently.
Statistics show that 748 per
sons were convicted during the
fiscal year ending last June 30.
This compares with 372 during
the 1966 fiscal year. The aver
age sentence meted out to the

666 persons who went to prison
was 32.1 months compared with
26.4 months in 1966 and 21
months in 1965.
Of those imprisoned last year,
58 received sentences of 5 years
or more, 291 received 3 to 5
years, and 270 a year and a day
to 3 years.
The figures show also that the
Justice Department has obtained
convictions in about half the
cases it prosecutes. The govern
ment initiated 1388 cases dur
ing the first four months of the
fiscal year which began last
July 1.
David Harris, former student
body president, says he will re
fuse induction into the Armed
Forces January 17.
The 21-year-old Harris recently
announced that his draft board
in Fresno has transferred his
records to the Oakland Induc
tion Center. Harris says he will
refuse to enter the building,
scene of week-long demonstra
tions in October. He was among
those arrested during the "Stop
the Draft Week" demonstra
tions.
Harris took part in the Decern

ber 18 anti-draft protest in Oak
land though he was not among
those arrested. He said he
"thought the turnout at the
Center was "good."
Convictions for violations of
draft laws doubled in the last
year, and judges handed out
stiffer sentences, Federal court
figures showed recently.
Statistics show that 748 per
sons were convicted during the
fiscal year ending last June 30.
This compares with 372 during
the 1966 fiscal year. The aver
age sentence meted out to the

666 persons who went to prison
was 32.1 months compared with
26.4 months in 1966 and 21
months in 1965.
Of those imprisoned last year,
58 received sentences of 5 years
or more, 291 received 3 to 5
years, and 270 a year and a day
to 3 years.
The figures show also that the
Justice Department has obtained
convictions in about half the
cases it prosecutes. The govern
ment initiated 1388 cases dur
ing the first four months of the
fiscal year which began last
July 1.
David Harris, former student
body president, says he will re
fuse induction into the Armed
Forces January 17.
The 21-year-old Harris recently
announced that his draft board
in Fresno has transferred his
records to the Oakland Induc
tion Center. Harris says he will
refuse to enter the building,
scene of week-long demonstra
tions in October. He was among
those arrested during the "Stop
the Draft Week" demonstra
tions.
Harris took part in the Decern

ber 18 anti-draft protest in Oak
land though he was not among
those arrested. He said he
"thought the turnout at the
Center was "good."
Convictions for violations of
draft laws doubled in the last
year, and judges handed out
stiffer sentences, Federal court
figures showed recently.
Statistics show that 748 per
sons were convicted during the
fiscal year ending last June 30.
This compares with 372 during
the 1966 fiscal year. The aver
age sentence meted out to the

666 persons who went to prison
was 32.1 months compared with
26.4 months in 1966 and 21
months in 1965.
Of those imprisoned last year,
58 received sentences of 5 years
or more, 291 received 3 to 5
years, and 270 a year and a day
to 3 years.
The figures show also that the
Justice Department has obtained
convictions in about half the
cases it prosecutes. The govern
ment initiated 1388 cases dur
ing the first four months of the
fiscal year which began last
July 1.
David Harris, former student
body president, says he will re
fuse induction into the Armed
Forces January 17.
The 21-year-old Harris recently
announced that his draft board
in Fresno has transferred his
records to the Oakland Induc
tion Center. Harris says he will
refuse to enter the building,
scene of week-long demonstra
tions in October. He was among
those arrested during the "Stop
the Draft Week" demonstra
tions.
Harris took part in the Decern

ber 18 anti-draft protest in Oak
land though he was not among
those arrested. He said he
"thought the turnout at the
Center was "good."
Convictions for violations of
draft laws doubled in the last
year, and judges handed out
stiffer sentences, Federal court
figures showed recently.
Statistics show that 748 per
sons were convicted during the
fiscal year ending last June 30.
This compares with 372 during
the 1966 fiscal year. The aver
age sentence meted out to the

666 persons who went to prison
was 32.1 months compared with
26.4 months in 1966 and 21
months in 1965.
Of those imprisoned last year,
58 received sentences of 5 years
or more, 291 received 3 to 5
years, and 270 a year and a day
to 3 years.
The figures show also that the
Justice Department has obtained
convictions in about half the
cases it prosecutes. The govern
ment initiated 1388 cases dur
ing the first four months of the
fiscal year which began last
July 1.
David Harris, former student
body president, says he will re
fuse induction into the Armed
Forces January 17.
The 21-year-old Harris recently
announced that his draft board
in Fresno has transferred his
records to the Oakland Induc
tion Center. Harris says he will
refuse to enter the building,
scene of week-long demonstra
tions in October. He was among
those arrested during the "Stop
the Draft Week" demonstra
tions.
Harris took part in the Decern

ber 18 anti-draft protest in Oak
land though he was not among
those arrested. He said he
"thought the turnout at the
Center was "good."
Convictions for violations of
draft laws doubled in the last
year, and judges handed out
stiffer sentences, Federal court
figures showed recently.
Statistics show that 748 per
sons were convicted during the
fiscal year ending last June 30.
This compares with 372 during
the 1966 fiscal year. The aver
age sentence meted out to the

666 persons who went to prison
was 32.1 months compared with
26.4 months in 1966 and 21
months in 1965.
Of those imprisoned last year,
58 received sentences of 5 years
or more, 291 received 3 to 5
years, and 270 a year and a day
to 3 years.
The figures show also that the
Justice Department has obtained
convictions in about half the
cases it prosecutes. The govern
ment initiated 1388 cases dur
ing the first four months of the
fiscal year which began last
July 1.
David Harris, former student
body president, says he will re
fuse induction into the Armed
Forces January 17.
The 21-year-old Harris recently
announced that his draft board
in Fresno has transferred his
records to the Oakland Induc
tion Center. Harris says he will
refuse to enter the building,
scene of week-long demonstra
tions in October. He was among
those arrested during the "Stop
the Draft Week" demonstra
tions.
Harris took part in the Decern

ber 18 anti-draft protest in Oak
land though he was not among
those arrested. He said he
"thought the turnout at the
Center was "good."
Convictions for violations of
draft laws doubled in the last
year, and judges handed out
stiffer sentences, Federal court
figures showed recently.
Statistics show that 748 per
sons were convicted during the
fiscal year ending last June 30.
This compares with 372 during
the 1966 fiscal year. The aver
age sentence meted out to the

666 persons who went to prison
was 32.1 months compared with
26.4 months in 1966 and 21
months in 1965.
Of those imprisoned last year,
58 received sentences of 5 years
or more, 291 received 3 to 5
years, and 270 a year and a day
to 3 years.
The figures show also that the
Justice Department has obtained
convictions in about half the
cases it prosecutes. The govern
ment initiated 1388 cases dur
ing the first four months of the
fiscal year which began last
July 1.
David Harris, former student
body president, says he will re
fuse induction into the Armed
Forces January 17.
The 21-year-old Harris recently
announced that his draft board
in Fresno has transferred his
records to the Oakland Induc
tion Center. Harris says he will
refuse to enter the building,
scene of week-long demonstra
tions in October. He was among
those arrested during the "Stop
the Draft Week" demonstra
tions.
Harris took part in the Decern

ber 18 anti-draft protest in Oak
land though he was not among
those arrested. He said he
"thought the turnout at the
Center was "good."
Convictions for violations of
draft laws doubled in the last
year, and judges handed out
stiffer sentences, Federal court
figures showed recently.
Statistics show that 748 per
sons were convicted during the
fiscal year ending last June 30.
This compares with 372 during
the 1966 fiscal year. The aver
age sentence meted out to the

666 persons who went to prison
was 32.1 months compared with
26.4 months in 1966 and 21
months in 1965.
Of those imprisoned last year,
58 received sentences of 5 years
or more, 291 received 3 to 5
years, and 270 a year and a day
to 3 years.
The figures show also that the
Justice Department has obtained
convictions in about half the
cases it prosecutes. The govern
ment initiated 1388 cases dur
ing the first four months of the
fiscal year which began last
July 1.
David Harris, former student
body president, says he will re
fuse induction into the Armed
Forces January 17.
The 21-year-old Harris recently
announced that his draft board
in Fresno has transferred his
records to the Oakland Induc
tion Center. Harris says he will
refuse to enter the building,
scene of week-long demonstra
tions in October. He was among
those arrested during the "Stop
the Draft Week" demonstra
tions.
Harris took part in the Decern

ber 18 anti-draft protest in Oak
land though he was not among
those arrested. He said he
"thought the turnout at the
Center was "good."
Convictions for violations of
draft laws doubled in the last
year, and judges handed out
stiffer sentences, Federal court
figures showed recently.
Statistics show that 748 per
sons were convicted during the
fiscal year ending last June 30.
This compares with 372 during
the 1966 fiscal year. The aver
age sentence meted out to the

666 persons who went to prison
was 32.1 months compared with
26.4 months in 1966 and 21
months in 1965.
Of those imprisoned last year,
58 received sentences of 5 years
or more, 291 received 3 to 5
years, and 270 a year and a day
to 3 years.
The figures show also that the
Justice Department has obtained
convictions in about half the
cases it prosecutes. The govern
ment initiated 1388 cases dur
ing the first four months of the
fiscal year which began last
July 1.
David Harris, former student
body president, says he will re
fuse induction into the Armed
Forces January 17.
The 21-year-old Harris recently
announced that his draft board
in Fresno has transferred his
records to the Oakland Induc
tion Center. Harris says he will
refuse to enter the building,
scene of week-long demonstra
tions in October. He was among
those arrested during the "Stop
the Draft Week" demonstra
tions.
Harris took part in the Decern

ber 18 anti-draft protest in Oak
land though he was not among
those arrested. He said he
"thought the turnout at the
Center was "good."
Convictions for violations of
draft laws doubled in the last
year, and judges handed out
stiffer sentences, Federal court
figures showed recently.
Statistics show that 748 per
sons were convicted during the
fiscal year ending last June 30.
This compares with 372 during
the 1966 fiscal year. The aver
age sentence meted out to the

666 persons who went to prison
was 32.1 months compared with
26.4 months in 1966 and 21
months in 1965.
Of those imprisoned last year,
58 received sentences of 5 years
or more, 291 received 3 to 5
years, and 270 a year and a day
to 3 years.
The figures show also that the
Justice Department has obtained
convictions in about half the
cases it prosecutes. The govern
ment initiated 1388 cases dur
ing the first four months of the
fiscal year which began last
July 1.
