# OHIO STATE ENGINEERS HAVE FAMOUS ROGUES' GALLERY
## 
### 
Ohio State University has a famous :
"rogues' gallery" in the Engineering;
building. On the walls of this building
hang the pictures of all but six of the
600 students who have been graduated
from th-e department of civil engineer
ing.
Ohio State University has a famous :
"rogues' gallery" in the Engineering;
building. On the walls of this building
hang the pictures of all but six of the
600 students who have been graduated
from th-e department of civil engineer
ing.
Ohio State University has a famous :
"rogues' gallery" in the Engineering;
building. On the walls of this building
hang the pictures of all but six of the
600 students who have been graduated
from th-e department of civil engineer
ing.
Ohio State University has a famous :
"rogues' gallery" in the Engineering;
building. On the walls of this building
hang the pictures of all but six of the
600 students who have been graduated
from th-e department of civil engineer
ing.
Ohio State University has a famous :
"rogues' gallery" in the Engineering;
building. On the walls of this building
hang the pictures of all but six of the
600 students who have been graduated
from th-e department of civil engineer
ing.
Ohio State University has a famous :
"rogues' gallery" in the Engineering;
building. On the walls of this building
hang the pictures of all but six of the
600 students who have been graduated
from th-e department of civil engineer
ing.
Ohio State University has a famous :
"rogues' gallery" in the Engineering;
building. On the walls of this building
hang the pictures of all but six of the
600 students who have been graduated
from th-e department of civil engineer
ing.
Ohio State University has a famous :
"rogues' gallery" in the Engineering;
building. On the walls of this building
hang the pictures of all but six of the
600 students who have been graduated
from th-e department of civil engineer
ing.
Ohio State University has a famous :
"rogues' gallery" in the Engineering;
building. On the walls of this building
hang the pictures of all but six of the
600 students who have been graduated
from th-e department of civil engineer
ing.
Ohio State University has a famous :
"rogues' gallery" in the Engineering;
building. On the walls of this building
hang the pictures of all but six of the
600 students who have been graduated
from th-e department of civil engineer
ing.
Ohio State University has a famous :
"rogues' gallery" in the Engineering;
building. On the walls of this building
hang the pictures of all but six of the
600 students who have been graduated
from th-e department of civil engineer
ing.
Ohio State University has a famous :
"rogues' gallery" in the Engineering;
building. On the walls of this building
hang the pictures of all but six of the
600 students who have been graduated
from th-e department of civil engineer
ing.
Ohio State University has a famous :
"rogues' gallery" in the Engineering;
building. On the walls of this building
hang the pictures of all but six of the
600 students who have been graduated
from th-e department of civil engineer
ing.
Ohio State University has a famous :
"rogues' gallery" in the Engineering;
building. On the walls of this building
hang the pictures of all but six of the
600 students who have been graduated
from th-e department of civil engineer
ing.
Ohio State University has a famous :
"rogues' gallery" in the Engineering;
building. On the walls of this building
hang the pictures of all but six of the
600 students who have been graduated
from th-e department of civil engineer
ing.
