# O. A. C. NEWS EDITORS ENGAGE IN DAILY BATTLE
## 
### 
Day and night editors for each is
sue of the O. A. C. Barometer are en
rolled in a contest each week to de
termine which combination can "put
the sheet to bed" the earliest.
Boxers in the rebellion of 1900 were
largely recruited from the ranks of
the old-established society of vege
tarians, who neither eat, smoke, nor
drink.
Day and night editors for each is
sue of the O. A. C. Barometer are en
rolled in a contest each week to de
termine which combination can "put
the sheet to bed" the earliest.
Boxers in the rebellion of 1900 were
largely recruited from the ranks of
the old-established society of vege
tarians, who neither eat, smoke, nor
drink.
Day and night editors for each is
sue of the O. A. C. Barometer are en
rolled in a contest each week to de
termine which combination can "put
the sheet to bed" the earliest.
Boxers in the rebellion of 1900 were
largely recruited from the ranks of
the old-established society of vege
tarians, who neither eat, smoke, nor
drink.
Day and night editors for each is
sue of the O. A. C. Barometer are en
rolled in a contest each week to de
termine which combination can "put
the sheet to bed" the earliest.
Boxers in the rebellion of 1900 were
largely recruited from the ranks of
the old-established society of vege
tarians, who neither eat, smoke, nor
drink.
Day and night editors for each is
sue of the O. A. C. Barometer are en
rolled in a contest each week to de
termine which combination can "put
the sheet to bed" the earliest.
Boxers in the rebellion of 1900 were
largely recruited from the ranks of
the old-established society of vege
tarians, who neither eat, smoke, nor
drink.
Day and night editors for each is
sue of the O. A. C. Barometer are en
rolled in a contest each week to de
termine which combination can "put
the sheet to bed" the earliest.
Boxers in the rebellion of 1900 were
largely recruited from the ranks of
the old-established society of vege
tarians, who neither eat, smoke, nor
drink.
Day and night editors for each is
sue of the O. A. C. Barometer are en
rolled in a contest each week to de
termine which combination can "put
the sheet to bed" the earliest.
Boxers in the rebellion of 1900 were
largely recruited from the ranks of
the old-established society of vege
tarians, who neither eat, smoke, nor
drink.
Day and night editors for each is
sue of the O. A. C. Barometer are en
rolled in a contest each week to de
termine which combination can "put
the sheet to bed" the earliest.
Boxers in the rebellion of 1900 were
largely recruited from the ranks of
the old-established society of vege
tarians, who neither eat, smoke, nor
drink.
Day and night editors for each is
sue of the O. A. C. Barometer are en
rolled in a contest each week to de
termine which combination can "put
the sheet to bed" the earliest.
Boxers in the rebellion of 1900 were
largely recruited from the ranks of
the old-established society of vege
tarians, who neither eat, smoke, nor
drink.
Day and night editors for each is
sue of the O. A. C. Barometer are en
rolled in a contest each week to de
termine which combination can "put
the sheet to bed" the earliest.
Boxers in the rebellion of 1900 were
largely recruited from the ranks of
the old-established society of vege
tarians, who neither eat, smoke, nor
drink.
Day and night editors for each is
sue of the O. A. C. Barometer are en
rolled in a contest each week to de
termine which combination can "put
the sheet to bed" the earliest.
Boxers in the rebellion of 1900 were
largely recruited from the ranks of
the old-established society of vege
tarians, who neither eat, smoke, nor
drink.
Day and night editors for each is
sue of the O. A. C. Barometer are en
rolled in a contest each week to de
termine which combination can "put
the sheet to bed" the earliest.
Boxers in the rebellion of 1900 were
largely recruited from the ranks of
the old-established society of vege
tarians, who neither eat, smoke, nor
drink.
Day and night editors for each is
sue of the O. A. C. Barometer are en
rolled in a contest each week to de
termine which combination can "put
the sheet to bed" the earliest.
Boxers in the rebellion of 1900 were
largely recruited from the ranks of
the old-established society of vege
tarians, who neither eat, smoke, nor
drink.
Day and night editors for each is
sue of the O. A. C. Barometer are en
rolled in a contest each week to de
termine which combination can "put
the sheet to bed" the earliest.
Boxers in the rebellion of 1900 were
largely recruited from the ranks of
the old-established society of vege
tarians, who neither eat, smoke, nor
drink.
Day and night editors for each is
sue of the O. A. C. Barometer are en
rolled in a contest each week to de
termine which combination can "put
the sheet to bed" the earliest.
Boxers in the rebellion of 1900 were
largely recruited from the ranks of
the old-established society of vege
tarians, who neither eat, smoke, nor
drink.
