# Senior Nine Meets '30 In Baseball Game Tomorrow
## 
### 
The Senior and Junior class base- i
hall teams will play the second game
of the 1929 interclass series tomorrow
afternoon on the freshman baseball
diamond at 3:30 o'clock. The sopho
mores started their season yesterday
afternoon by unexpectedly defeating
♦he 1932 team 8-3.
The Senior and Junior class base- i
hall teams will play the second game
of the 1929 interclass series tomorrow
afternoon on the freshman baseball
diamond at 3:30 o'clock. The sopho
mores started their season yesterday
afternoon by unexpectedly defeating
♦he 1932 team 8-3.
The Senior and Junior class base- i
hall teams will play the second game
of the 1929 interclass series tomorrow
afternoon on the freshman baseball
diamond at 3:30 o'clock. The sopho
mores started their season yesterday
afternoon by unexpectedly defeating
♦he 1932 team 8-3.
The Senior and Junior class base- i
hall teams will play the second game
of the 1929 interclass series tomorrow
afternoon on the freshman baseball
diamond at 3:30 o'clock. The sopho
mores started their season yesterday
afternoon by unexpectedly defeating
♦he 1932 team 8-3.
The Senior and Junior class base- i
hall teams will play the second game
of the 1929 interclass series tomorrow
afternoon on the freshman baseball
diamond at 3:30 o'clock. The sopho
mores started their season yesterday
afternoon by unexpectedly defeating
♦he 1932 team 8-3.
The Senior and Junior class base- i
hall teams will play the second game
of the 1929 interclass series tomorrow
afternoon on the freshman baseball
diamond at 3:30 o'clock. The sopho
mores started their season yesterday
afternoon by unexpectedly defeating
♦he 1932 team 8-3.
The Senior and Junior class base- i
hall teams will play the second game
of the 1929 interclass series tomorrow
afternoon on the freshman baseball
diamond at 3:30 o'clock. The sopho
mores started their season yesterday
afternoon by unexpectedly defeating
♦he 1932 team 8-3.
The Senior and Junior class base- i
hall teams will play the second game
of the 1929 interclass series tomorrow
afternoon on the freshman baseball
diamond at 3:30 o'clock. The sopho
mores started their season yesterday
afternoon by unexpectedly defeating
♦he 1932 team 8-3.
The Senior and Junior class base- i
hall teams will play the second game
of the 1929 interclass series tomorrow
afternoon on the freshman baseball
diamond at 3:30 o'clock. The sopho
mores started their season yesterday
afternoon by unexpectedly defeating
♦he 1932 team 8-3.
The Senior and Junior class base- i
hall teams will play the second game
of the 1929 interclass series tomorrow
afternoon on the freshman baseball
diamond at 3:30 o'clock. The sopho
mores started their season yesterday
afternoon by unexpectedly defeating
♦he 1932 team 8-3.
The Senior and Junior class base- i
hall teams will play the second game
of the 1929 interclass series tomorrow
afternoon on the freshman baseball
diamond at 3:30 o'clock. The sopho
mores started their season yesterday
afternoon by unexpectedly defeating
♦he 1932 team 8-3.
The Senior and Junior class base- i
hall teams will play the second game
of the 1929 interclass series tomorrow
afternoon on the freshman baseball
diamond at 3:30 o'clock. The sopho
mores started their season yesterday
afternoon by unexpectedly defeating
♦he 1932 team 8-3.
The Senior and Junior class base- i
hall teams will play the second game
of the 1929 interclass series tomorrow
afternoon on the freshman baseball
diamond at 3:30 o'clock. The sopho
mores started their season yesterday
afternoon by unexpectedly defeating
♦he 1932 team 8-3.
The Senior and Junior class base- i
hall teams will play the second game
of the 1929 interclass series tomorrow
afternoon on the freshman baseball
diamond at 3:30 o'clock. The sopho
mores started their season yesterday
afternoon by unexpectedly defeating
♦he 1932 team 8-3.
The Senior and Junior class base- i
hall teams will play the second game
of the 1929 interclass series tomorrow
afternoon on the freshman baseball
diamond at 3:30 o'clock. The sopho
mores started their season yesterday
afternoon by unexpectedly defeating
♦he 1932 team 8-3.
The Senior and Junior class base- i
hall teams will play the second game
of the 1929 interclass series tomorrow
afternoon on the freshman baseball
diamond at 3:30 o'clock. The sopho
mores started their season yesterday
afternoon by unexpectedly defeating
♦he 1932 team 8-3.
The Senior and Junior class base- i
hall teams will play the second game
of the 1929 interclass series tomorrow
afternoon on the freshman baseball
diamond at 3:30 o'clock. The sopho
mores started their season yesterday
afternoon by unexpectedly defeating
♦he 1932 team 8-3.
