# CARD FORENSIC SQUAD DEBATES WASHINGTON HERE ON FEBRUARY 28
## 
### 
Arrangements for a previously un
scheduled meeting between repre
sentatives of the University of Wash
ington debating squad and a Stanford
team here on February 28 have been
completed, Steve Halsted, debate man
ager, announced last night. John Me-
Clintock and William Shaw will take
the affirmative on the question, "Re
solved, That the Plea of Temporary
Insanity Be Abolished in Criminal
Cases."
Early Stanford forensic schedules
did not contemplate a contest with
Washington on the campus this year,
although plans were made for a de
bate between teams from the two in
stitutions when a two-man team from
Stanford tours the Northwest during
the spring vacation.

Before coming to the Stanford cam
pus, the Washington debaters will
make a tour of the southern part of
the state, meeting IJ.S.C. and other
forensic squads in the South.

Wheeler Barger, assistant debate
coach, is preparing the Stanford men
for the newly scheduled contest. An
other Stanford team will take the
negative side of the same question
when the Cards meet the University
of Montana here on April 8.
