# President Eliot Not Coming.
## 
### 
President Charles Eliot of Har
vard University has been compelled
to abandon the Western trip ar
ranged for next month, on account
of the illness of Mrs. Eliot. He
was to have visited Stanford and
delivered the Charter Day address
at the University of California.
President Charles Eliot of Har
vard University has been compelled
to abandon the Western trip ar
ranged for next month, on account
of the illness of Mrs. Eliot. He
was to have visited Stanford and
delivered the Charter Day address
at the University of California.
President Charles Eliot of Har
vard University has been compelled
to abandon the Western trip ar
ranged for next month, on account
of the illness of Mrs. Eliot. He
was to have visited Stanford and
delivered the Charter Day address
at the University of California.
President Charles Eliot of Har
vard University has been compelled
to abandon the Western trip ar
ranged for next month, on account
of the illness of Mrs. Eliot. He
was to have visited Stanford and
delivered the Charter Day address
at the University of California.
President Charles Eliot of Har
vard University has been compelled
to abandon the Western trip ar
ranged for next month, on account
of the illness of Mrs. Eliot. He
was to have visited Stanford and
delivered the Charter Day address
at the University of California.
President Charles Eliot of Har
vard University has been compelled
to abandon the Western trip ar
ranged for next month, on account
of the illness of Mrs. Eliot. He
was to have visited Stanford and
delivered the Charter Day address
at the University of California.
President Charles Eliot of Har
vard University has been compelled
to abandon the Western trip ar
ranged for next month, on account
of the illness of Mrs. Eliot. He
was to have visited Stanford and
delivered the Charter Day address
at the University of California.
