# News of the World.
## 
### 
Congress will not reopen the San
tiago naval battle controversy.
Miss Stone, the captive mission
ary, has been released by the bri
gands.
Considerable live stock has per
ished from the drouth in Southern
California.
The famous sanitarium at Battle
Creek, Michigan, burned yesterday.
One life was lost.
Dr. Levy C. Lane, founder of
Cooper Medical College and Lane
Hospital, is dead.
The Spanish riots at Barcelona
threaten to involve the entire prov
ince of Catalonia.
A big conflagration in the Tread
well Gold Mines, Alaska, caused
considerable damage to that fa
mous property.
John A. Stewn t, retiring presi
dent of the United States Trust
Company, will he succeeded by
Lyman J Gage.
Representatives of the Women's
Suffrage Associa'ion have pre
sented their claim? before the com
mittees of Congress.
Congress will not reopen the San
tiago naval battle controversy.
Miss Stone, the captive mission
ary, has been released by the bri
gands.
Considerable live stock has per
ished from the drouth in Southern
California.
The famous sanitarium at Battle
Creek, Michigan, burned yesterday.
One life was lost.
Dr. Levy C. Lane, founder of
Cooper Medical College and Lane
Hospital, is dead.
The Spanish riots at Barcelona
threaten to involve the entire prov
ince of Catalonia.
A big conflagration in the Tread
well Gold Mines, Alaska, caused
considerable damage to that fa
mous property.
John A. Stewn t, retiring presi
dent of the United States Trust
Company, will he succeeded by
Lyman J Gage.
Representatives of the Women's
Suffrage Associa'ion have pre
sented their claim? before the com
mittees of Congress.
Congress will not reopen the San
tiago naval battle controversy.
Miss Stone, the captive mission
ary, has been released by the bri
gands.
Considerable live stock has per
ished from the drouth in Southern
California.
The famous sanitarium at Battle
Creek, Michigan, burned yesterday.
One life was lost.
Dr. Levy C. Lane, founder of
Cooper Medical College and Lane
Hospital, is dead.
The Spanish riots at Barcelona
threaten to involve the entire prov
ince of Catalonia.
A big conflagration in the Tread
well Gold Mines, Alaska, caused
considerable damage to that fa
mous property.
John A. Stewn t, retiring presi
dent of the United States Trust
Company, will he succeeded by
Lyman J Gage.
Representatives of the Women's
Suffrage Associa'ion have pre
sented their claim? before the com
mittees of Congress.
Congress will not reopen the San
tiago naval battle controversy.
Miss Stone, the captive mission
ary, has been released by the bri
gands.
Considerable live stock has per
ished from the drouth in Southern
California.
The famous sanitarium at Battle
Creek, Michigan, burned yesterday.
One life was lost.
Dr. Levy C. Lane, founder of
Cooper Medical College and Lane
Hospital, is dead.
The Spanish riots at Barcelona
threaten to involve the entire prov
ince of Catalonia.
A big conflagration in the Tread
well Gold Mines, Alaska, caused
considerable damage to that fa
mous property.
John A. Stewn t, retiring presi
dent of the United States Trust
Company, will he succeeded by
Lyman J Gage.
Representatives of the Women's
Suffrage Associa'ion have pre
sented their claim? before the com
mittees of Congress.
Congress will not reopen the San
tiago naval battle controversy.
Miss Stone, the captive mission
ary, has been released by the bri
gands.
Considerable live stock has per
ished from the drouth in Southern
California.
The famous sanitarium at Battle
Creek, Michigan, burned yesterday.
One life was lost.
Dr. Levy C. Lane, founder of
Cooper Medical College and Lane
Hospital, is dead.
The Spanish riots at Barcelona
threaten to involve the entire prov
ince of Catalonia.
A big conflagration in the Tread
well Gold Mines, Alaska, caused
considerable damage to that fa
mous property.
John A. Stewn t, retiring presi
dent of the United States Trust
Company, will he succeeded by
Lyman J Gage.
Representatives of the Women's
Suffrage Associa'ion have pre
sented their claim? before the com
mittees of Congress.
Congress will not reopen the San
tiago naval battle controversy.
Miss Stone, the captive mission
ary, has been released by the bri
gands.
Considerable live stock has per
ished from the drouth in Southern
California.
The famous sanitarium at Battle
Creek, Michigan, burned yesterday.
One life was lost.
Dr. Levy C. Lane, founder of
Cooper Medical College and Lane
Hospital, is dead.
The Spanish riots at Barcelona
threaten to involve the entire prov
ince of Catalonia.
A big conflagration in the Tread
well Gold Mines, Alaska, caused
considerable damage to that fa
mous property.
John A. Stewn t, retiring presi
dent of the United States Trust
Company, will he succeeded by
Lyman J Gage.
Representatives of the Women's
Suffrage Associa'ion have pre
sented their claim? before the com
mittees of Congress.
Congress will not reopen the San
tiago naval battle controversy.
Miss Stone, the captive mission
ary, has been released by the bri
gands.
Considerable live stock has per
ished from the drouth in Southern
California.
The famous sanitarium at Battle
Creek, Michigan, burned yesterday.
One life was lost.
Dr. Levy C. Lane, founder of
Cooper Medical College and Lane
Hospital, is dead.
The Spanish riots at Barcelona
threaten to involve the entire prov
ince of Catalonia.
A big conflagration in the Tread
well Gold Mines, Alaska, caused
considerable damage to that fa
mous property.
John A. Stewn t, retiring presi
dent of the United States Trust
Company, will he succeeded by
Lyman J Gage.
Representatives of the Women's
Suffrage Associa'ion have pre
sented their claim? before the com
mittees of Congress.
