# Coolidge Club on Campus Enlists 600 Supporters
## 
### 
Six hundred members is the total
membership enlisted in a drive by the
Coolidge Club on this campus. Two
weeks ago the movement was started
and the attempt was organized on the
basis of living groups.
No financial obligations were im
posed and no definite promise to vote
for Calvin Coolidge was exacted. The
only effort was to secure the names
of those who were actively in support
of Coolidge's candidacy. The names
will be used both as an indication of
Coolidge's probable strength and to
serve as a mailing list for Coolidge
literature.
Six hundred members is the total
membership enlisted in a drive by the
Coolidge Club on this campus. Two
weeks ago the movement was started
and the attempt was organized on the
basis of living groups.
No financial obligations were im
posed and no definite promise to vote
for Calvin Coolidge was exacted. The
only effort was to secure the names
of those who were actively in support
of Coolidge's candidacy. The names
will be used both as an indication of
Coolidge's probable strength and to
serve as a mailing list for Coolidge
literature.
Six hundred members is the total
membership enlisted in a drive by the
Coolidge Club on this campus. Two
weeks ago the movement was started
and the attempt was organized on the
basis of living groups.
No financial obligations were im
posed and no definite promise to vote
for Calvin Coolidge was exacted. The
only effort was to secure the names
of those who were actively in support
of Coolidge's candidacy. The names
will be used both as an indication of
Coolidge's probable strength and to
serve as a mailing list for Coolidge
literature.
Six hundred members is the total
membership enlisted in a drive by the
Coolidge Club on this campus. Two
weeks ago the movement was started
and the attempt was organized on the
basis of living groups.
No financial obligations were im
posed and no definite promise to vote
for Calvin Coolidge was exacted. The
only effort was to secure the names
of those who were actively in support
of Coolidge's candidacy. The names
will be used both as an indication of
Coolidge's probable strength and to
serve as a mailing list for Coolidge
literature.
Six hundred members is the total
membership enlisted in a drive by the
Coolidge Club on this campus. Two
weeks ago the movement was started
and the attempt was organized on the
basis of living groups.
No financial obligations were im
posed and no definite promise to vote
for Calvin Coolidge was exacted. The
only effort was to secure the names
of those who were actively in support
of Coolidge's candidacy. The names
will be used both as an indication of
Coolidge's probable strength and to
serve as a mailing list for Coolidge
literature.
Six hundred members is the total
membership enlisted in a drive by the
Coolidge Club on this campus. Two
weeks ago the movement was started
and the attempt was organized on the
basis of living groups.
No financial obligations were im
posed and no definite promise to vote
for Calvin Coolidge was exacted. The
only effort was to secure the names
of those who were actively in support
of Coolidge's candidacy. The names
will be used both as an indication of
Coolidge's probable strength and to
serve as a mailing list for Coolidge
literature.
Six hundred members is the total
membership enlisted in a drive by the
Coolidge Club on this campus. Two
weeks ago the movement was started
and the attempt was organized on the
basis of living groups.
No financial obligations were im
posed and no definite promise to vote
for Calvin Coolidge was exacted. The
only effort was to secure the names
of those who were actively in support
of Coolidge's candidacy. The names
will be used both as an indication of
Coolidge's probable strength and to
serve as a mailing list for Coolidge
literature.
Six hundred members is the total
membership enlisted in a drive by the
Coolidge Club on this campus. Two
weeks ago the movement was started
and the attempt was organized on the
basis of living groups.
No financial obligations were im
posed and no definite promise to vote
for Calvin Coolidge was exacted. The
only effort was to secure the names
of those who were actively in support
of Coolidge's candidacy. The names
will be used both as an indication of
Coolidge's probable strength and to
serve as a mailing list for Coolidge
literature.
Six hundred members is the total
membership enlisted in a drive by the
Coolidge Club on this campus. Two
weeks ago the movement was started
and the attempt was organized on the
basis of living groups.
No financial obligations were im
posed and no definite promise to vote
for Calvin Coolidge was exacted. The
only effort was to secure the names
of those who were actively in support
of Coolidge's candidacy. The names
will be used both as an indication of
Coolidge's probable strength and to
serve as a mailing list for Coolidge
literature.
Six hundred members is the total
membership enlisted in a drive by the
Coolidge Club on this campus. Two
weeks ago the movement was started
and the attempt was organized on the
basis of living groups.
No financial obligations were im
posed and no definite promise to vote
for Calvin Coolidge was exacted. The
only effort was to secure the names
of those who were actively in support
of Coolidge's candidacy. The names
will be used both as an indication of
Coolidge's probable strength and to
serve as a mailing list for Coolidge
literature.
Six hundred members is the total
membership enlisted in a drive by the
Coolidge Club on this campus. Two
weeks ago the movement was started
and the attempt was organized on the
basis of living groups.
No financial obligations were im
posed and no definite promise to vote
for Calvin Coolidge was exacted. The
only effort was to secure the names
of those who were actively in support
of Coolidge's candidacy. The names
will be used both as an indication of
Coolidge's probable strength and to
serve as a mailing list for Coolidge
literature.
Six hundred members is the total
membership enlisted in a drive by the
Coolidge Club on this campus. Two
weeks ago the movement was started
and the attempt was organized on the
basis of living groups.
No financial obligations were im
posed and no definite promise to vote
for Calvin Coolidge was exacted. The
only effort was to secure the names
of those who were actively in support
of Coolidge's candidacy. The names
will be used both as an indication of
Coolidge's probable strength and to
serve as a mailing list for Coolidge
literature.
Six hundred members is the total
membership enlisted in a drive by the
Coolidge Club on this campus. Two
weeks ago the movement was started
and the attempt was organized on the
basis of living groups.
No financial obligations were im
posed and no definite promise to vote
for Calvin Coolidge was exacted. The
only effort was to secure the names
of those who were actively in support
of Coolidge's candidacy. The names
will be used both as an indication of
Coolidge's probable strength and to
serve as a mailing list for Coolidge
literature.
Six hundred members is the total
membership enlisted in a drive by the
Coolidge Club on this campus. Two
weeks ago the movement was started
and the attempt was organized on the
basis of living groups.
No financial obligations were im
posed and no definite promise to vote
for Calvin Coolidge was exacted. The
only effort was to secure the names
of those who were actively in support
of Coolidge's candidacy. The names
will be used both as an indication of
Coolidge's probable strength and to
serve as a mailing list for Coolidge
literature.
