# NOTICE TO WOMEN
## 
### 
Application for tuition notes or
renewal of notes for the summer and
autumn quarters may be made in the
office of the Dean of Women on Mon
day and Tuesday, June 16 and 17, from
9 to 12 o'clock.
Application for tuition notes or
renewal of notes for the summer and
autumn quarters may be made in the
office of the Dean of Women on Mon
day and Tuesday, June 16 and 17, from
9 to 12 o'clock.
Application for tuition notes or
renewal of notes for the summer and
autumn quarters may be made in the
office of the Dean of Women on Mon
day and Tuesday, June 16 and 17, from
9 to 12 o'clock.
Application for tuition notes or
renewal of notes for the summer and
autumn quarters may be made in the
office of the Dean of Women on Mon
day and Tuesday, June 16 and 17, from
9 to 12 o'clock.
Application for tuition notes or
renewal of notes for the summer and
autumn quarters may be made in the
office of the Dean of Women on Mon
day and Tuesday, June 16 and 17, from
9 to 12 o'clock.
Application for tuition notes or
renewal of notes for the summer and
autumn quarters may be made in the
office of the Dean of Women on Mon
day and Tuesday, June 16 and 17, from
9 to 12 o'clock.
Application for tuition notes or
renewal of notes for the summer and
autumn quarters may be made in the
office of the Dean of Women on Mon
day and Tuesday, June 16 and 17, from
9 to 12 o'clock.
Application for tuition notes or
renewal of notes for the summer and
autumn quarters may be made in the
office of the Dean of Women on Mon
day and Tuesday, June 16 and 17, from
9 to 12 o'clock.
Application for tuition notes or
renewal of notes for the summer and
autumn quarters may be made in the
office of the Dean of Women on Mon
day and Tuesday, June 16 and 17, from
9 to 12 o'clock.
Application for tuition notes or
renewal of notes for the summer and
autumn quarters may be made in the
office of the Dean of Women on Mon
day and Tuesday, June 16 and 17, from
9 to 12 o'clock.
Application for tuition notes or
renewal of notes for the summer and
autumn quarters may be made in the
office of the Dean of Women on Mon
day and Tuesday, June 16 and 17, from
9 to 12 o'clock.
Application for tuition notes or
renewal of notes for the summer and
autumn quarters may be made in the
office of the Dean of Women on Mon
day and Tuesday, June 16 and 17, from
9 to 12 o'clock.
Application for tuition notes or
renewal of notes for the summer and
autumn quarters may be made in the
office of the Dean of Women on Mon
day and Tuesday, June 16 and 17, from
9 to 12 o'clock.
Application for tuition notes or
renewal of notes for the summer and
autumn quarters may be made in the
office of the Dean of Women on Mon
day and Tuesday, June 16 and 17, from
9 to 12 o'clock.
