# Handball Tournament.
## 
### 
The remainder of the semi-final
series of the handball tournament
were played off this afternoon.
Dunn defeated Copp, the score be
ing 21-15,21-6. Frisselle defeated
Harkins by a score of 21-4, 21-10.
Dunn won from Marx by a score of
12-21,21-15, 21-18. This leaves
Dunn, '04, and Frisselle, '03, to
play the final game for the cham
pionship which is scheduled for
Saturday.
The remainder of the semi-final
series of the handball tournament
were played off this afternoon.
Dunn defeated Copp, the score be
ing 21-15,21-6. Frisselle defeated
Harkins by a score of 21-4, 21-10.
Dunn won from Marx by a score of
12-21,21-15, 21-18. This leaves
Dunn, '04, and Frisselle, '03, to
play the final game for the cham
pionship which is scheduled for
Saturday.
The remainder of the semi-final
series of the handball tournament
were played off this afternoon.
Dunn defeated Copp, the score be
ing 21-15,21-6. Frisselle defeated
Harkins by a score of 21-4, 21-10.
Dunn won from Marx by a score of
12-21,21-15, 21-18. This leaves
Dunn, '04, and Frisselle, '03, to
play the final game for the cham
pionship which is scheduled for
Saturday.
The remainder of the semi-final
series of the handball tournament
were played off this afternoon.
Dunn defeated Copp, the score be
ing 21-15,21-6. Frisselle defeated
Harkins by a score of 21-4, 21-10.
Dunn won from Marx by a score of
12-21,21-15, 21-18. This leaves
Dunn, '04, and Frisselle, '03, to
play the final game for the cham
pionship which is scheduled for
Saturday.
The remainder of the semi-final
series of the handball tournament
were played off this afternoon.
Dunn defeated Copp, the score be
ing 21-15,21-6. Frisselle defeated
Harkins by a score of 21-4, 21-10.
Dunn won from Marx by a score of
12-21,21-15, 21-18. This leaves
Dunn, '04, and Frisselle, '03, to
play the final game for the cham
pionship which is scheduled for
Saturday.
The remainder of the semi-final
series of the handball tournament
were played off this afternoon.
Dunn defeated Copp, the score be
ing 21-15,21-6. Frisselle defeated
Harkins by a score of 21-4, 21-10.
Dunn won from Marx by a score of
12-21,21-15, 21-18. This leaves
Dunn, '04, and Frisselle, '03, to
play the final game for the cham
pionship which is scheduled for
Saturday.
The remainder of the semi-final
series of the handball tournament
were played off this afternoon.
Dunn defeated Copp, the score be
ing 21-15,21-6. Frisselle defeated
Harkins by a score of 21-4, 21-10.
Dunn won from Marx by a score of
12-21,21-15, 21-18. This leaves
Dunn, '04, and Frisselle, '03, to
play the final game for the cham
pionship which is scheduled for
Saturday.
