# Features
## This week in Stanford history 
### 
March 15, 1%8
The Stanford Daily
The Board of Trustees
prepared to consider the
conversion of Roble and
Foyon Halls, and houses in
Lagunita Court, Wilbur and
Stern Halls to coeducational
housing. Cost estimates
were less than $25,000.
According to the proposal
nearly 1,000 men and 600
women would live in the
newly coeducational residen
ces, including about half of
the freshman class.
March 14, 1974
The Stanford Daily
Forty-five Branner Hall
freshman, calling them
selves the "Bay Area Run
ners Extraordinaire Associ
ation of Stanford Streakers"
(BARE-ASS), ran across the
Golden Gate Bridge wearing
only "hats, shoes and Stan
ford regalia," in Friday af
ternoon commuter traffic.
Although the event caused
a "massive" traffic jam,
police officers on the scene
made no arrests.
Two male and two female
streakers ran through White
Plaza at noon of the same
day, but did not attract as
much attention. One witness
remarked that, "They
weren't much to look at."
Compiled by Steve Lippman
March 15, 1%8
The Stanford Daily
The Board of Trustees
prepared to consider the
conversion of Roble and
Foyon Halls, and houses in
Lagunita Court, Wilbur and
Stern Halls to coeducational
housing. Cost estimates
were less than $25,000.
According to the proposal
nearly 1,000 men and 600
women would live in the
newly coeducational residen
ces, including about half of
the freshman class.
March 14, 1974
The Stanford Daily
Forty-five Branner Hall
freshman, calling them
selves the "Bay Area Run
ners Extraordinaire Associ
ation of Stanford Streakers"
(BARE-ASS), ran across the
Golden Gate Bridge wearing
only "hats, shoes and Stan
ford regalia," in Friday af
ternoon commuter traffic.
Although the event caused
a "massive" traffic jam,
police officers on the scene
made no arrests.
Two male and two female
streakers ran through White
Plaza at noon of the same
day, but did not attract as
much attention. One witness
remarked that, "They
weren't much to look at."
Compiled by Steve Lippman
March 15, 1%8
The Stanford Daily
The Board of Trustees
prepared to consider the
conversion of Roble and
Foyon Halls, and houses in
Lagunita Court, Wilbur and
Stern Halls to coeducational
housing. Cost estimates
were less than $25,000.
According to the proposal
nearly 1,000 men and 600
women would live in the
newly coeducational residen
ces, including about half of
the freshman class.
March 14, 1974
The Stanford Daily
Forty-five Branner Hall
freshman, calling them
selves the "Bay Area Run
ners Extraordinaire Associ
ation of Stanford Streakers"
(BARE-ASS), ran across the
Golden Gate Bridge wearing
only "hats, shoes and Stan
ford regalia," in Friday af
ternoon commuter traffic.
Although the event caused
a "massive" traffic jam,
police officers on the scene
made no arrests.
Two male and two female
streakers ran through White
Plaza at noon of the same
day, but did not attract as
much attention. One witness
remarked that, "They
weren't much to look at."
Compiled by Steve Lippman
March 15, 1%8
The Stanford Daily
The Board of Trustees
prepared to consider the
conversion of Roble and
Foyon Halls, and houses in
Lagunita Court, Wilbur and
Stern Halls to coeducational
housing. Cost estimates
were less than $25,000.
According to the proposal
nearly 1,000 men and 600
women would live in the
newly coeducational residen
ces, including about half of
the freshman class.
March 14, 1974
The Stanford Daily
Forty-five Branner Hall
freshman, calling them
selves the "Bay Area Run
ners Extraordinaire Associ
ation of Stanford Streakers"
(BARE-ASS), ran across the
Golden Gate Bridge wearing
only "hats, shoes and Stan
ford regalia," in Friday af
ternoon commuter traffic.
Although the event caused
a "massive" traffic jam,
police officers on the scene
made no arrests.
Two male and two female
streakers ran through White
Plaza at noon of the same
day, but did not attract as
much attention. One witness
remarked that, "They
weren't much to look at."
Compiled by Steve Lippman
March 15, 1%8
The Stanford Daily
The Board of Trustees
prepared to consider the
conversion of Roble and
Foyon Halls, and houses in
Lagunita Court, Wilbur and
Stern Halls to coeducational
housing. Cost estimates
were less than $25,000.
According to the proposal
nearly 1,000 men and 600
women would live in the
newly coeducational residen
ces, including about half of
the freshman class.
March 14, 1974
The Stanford Daily
Forty-five Branner Hall
freshman, calling them
selves the "Bay Area Run
ners Extraordinaire Associ
ation of Stanford Streakers"
(BARE-ASS), ran across the
Golden Gate Bridge wearing
only "hats, shoes and Stan
ford regalia," in Friday af
ternoon commuter traffic.
Although the event caused
a "massive" traffic jam,
police officers on the scene
made no arrests.
Two male and two female
streakers ran through White
Plaza at noon of the same
day, but did not attract as
much attention. One witness
remarked that, "They
weren't much to look at."
Compiled by Steve Lippman
March 15, 1%8
The Stanford Daily
The Board of Trustees
prepared to consider the
conversion of Roble and
Foyon Halls, and houses in
Lagunita Court, Wilbur and
Stern Halls to coeducational
housing. Cost estimates
were less than $25,000.
According to the proposal
nearly 1,000 men and 600
women would live in the
newly coeducational residen
ces, including about half of
the freshman class.
March 14, 1974
The Stanford Daily
Forty-five Branner Hall
freshman, calling them
selves the "Bay Area Run
ners Extraordinaire Associ
ation of Stanford Streakers"
(BARE-ASS), ran across the
Golden Gate Bridge wearing
only "hats, shoes and Stan
ford regalia," in Friday af
ternoon commuter traffic.
Although the event caused
a "massive" traffic jam,
police officers on the scene
made no arrests.
Two male and two female
streakers ran through White
Plaza at noon of the same
day, but did not attract as
much attention. One witness
remarked that, "They
weren't much to look at."
Compiled by Steve Lippman
March 15, 1%8
The Stanford Daily
The Board of Trustees
prepared to consider the
conversion of Roble and
Foyon Halls, and houses in
Lagunita Court, Wilbur and
Stern Halls to coeducational
housing. Cost estimates
were less than $25,000.
According to the proposal
nearly 1,000 men and 600
women would live in the
newly coeducational residen
ces, including about half of
the freshman class.
March 14, 1974
The Stanford Daily
Forty-five Branner Hall
freshman, calling them
selves the "Bay Area Run
ners Extraordinaire Associ
ation of Stanford Streakers"
(BARE-ASS), ran across the
Golden Gate Bridge wearing
only "hats, shoes and Stan
ford regalia," in Friday af
ternoon commuter traffic.
Although the event caused
a "massive" traffic jam,
police officers on the scene
made no arrests.
Two male and two female
streakers ran through White
Plaza at noon of the same
day, but did not attract as
much attention. One witness
remarked that, "They
weren't much to look at."
Compiled by Steve Lippman
March 15, 1%8
The Stanford Daily
The Board of Trustees
prepared to consider the
conversion of Roble and
Foyon Halls, and houses in
Lagunita Court, Wilbur and
Stern Halls to coeducational
housing. Cost estimates
were less than $25,000.
According to the proposal
nearly 1,000 men and 600
women would live in the
newly coeducational residen
ces, including about half of
the freshman class.
March 14, 1974
The Stanford Daily
Forty-five Branner Hall
freshman, calling them
selves the "Bay Area Run
ners Extraordinaire Associ
ation of Stanford Streakers"
(BARE-ASS), ran across the
Golden Gate Bridge wearing
only "hats, shoes and Stan
ford regalia," in Friday af
ternoon commuter traffic.
Although the event caused
a "massive" traffic jam,
police officers on the scene
made no arrests.
Two male and two female
streakers ran through White
Plaza at noon of the same
day, but did not attract as
much attention. One witness
remarked that, "They
weren't much to look at."
Compiled by Steve Lippman
