# The
						Science Bug
## 
### Alan Gutman Staff writer 
Q # What are freckles ? Is it
• possible to become one big
freckle when they all connect
and fill in the spaces ?
A. Little Orphan Annie's
• freckles are a response to

high exposure to the sun, ac
cording to Dermatology Asst.
Prof. Elizabeth Abel.
Ultraviolet rays in sunlight
cause yellow, brown or black
tan spots on the faces, the back
of the hands or the necks of
individuals predisposed to
freckles. Since these harmless
spots are caused by the sun,
they usually appear during the
summer and fade during the
winter.
Freckles are the result of an
increase of the skin pigment,
melanin. Melanin is the same
pigment responsible for tan
ning. Though it has never hap
pened, if the spaces between
freckles were to fill in com
pletely with other freckles, an
individual would have a tan.
Actually, freckles also occur
in people who do not tan well.
These individuals usually have
fair complexions, Celtic an
cestry, or red or blond hair.
This condition is probably ge
netic, Abel said.

If you have a question about
science, send it to The Science
Bug, do The Stanford Daily,
Storke Publications Bldg.,
Stanford, CA 94305 or drop it
by the Daily offices. Or, send
electronic mail to science-bug
(a) macbeth.

