# New Captain of Reliance.
## 
### 
George Mueller, who plays left
halfback on the Reliance Club
team, has been elected captain to
succeed Atkinson, resigned. Muel
ler played for two years on the
Purdue varsity, and two on the
Cornell eleven.
George Mueller, who plays left
halfback on the Reliance Club
team, has been elected captain to
succeed Atkinson, resigned. Muel
ler played for two years on the
Purdue varsity, and two on the
Cornell eleven.
George Mueller, who plays left
halfback on the Reliance Club
team, has been elected captain to
succeed Atkinson, resigned. Muel
ler played for two years on the
Purdue varsity, and two on the
Cornell eleven.
George Mueller, who plays left
halfback on the Reliance Club
team, has been elected captain to
succeed Atkinson, resigned. Muel
ler played for two years on the
Purdue varsity, and two on the
Cornell eleven.
George Mueller, who plays left
halfback on the Reliance Club
team, has been elected captain to
succeed Atkinson, resigned. Muel
ler played for two years on the
Purdue varsity, and two on the
Cornell eleven.
George Mueller, who plays left
halfback on the Reliance Club
team, has been elected captain to
succeed Atkinson, resigned. Muel
ler played for two years on the
Purdue varsity, and two on the
Cornell eleven.
George Mueller, who plays left
halfback on the Reliance Club
team, has been elected captain to
succeed Atkinson, resigned. Muel
ler played for two years on the
Purdue varsity, and two on the
Cornell eleven.
George Mueller, who plays left
halfback on the Reliance Club
team, has been elected captain to
succeed Atkinson, resigned. Muel
ler played for two years on the
Purdue varsity, and two on the
Cornell eleven.
