# GROUP OF NEW BUILDINGS FOR U. S. C. CAMPUS PLANT
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES, California—Three
hundred thousand dollars has been set
aside for the construction of a group
of buildings for use by the Science De
partment and College of Pharmacy at
the University of Southern California.
The Geology building will be three
stories high and will contain one of
the most complete laboratories ip the
country. The present Geology building
has been doing service for thirty
years, and prior to the time that it
was taken over by the university was
used as a grocery store and meat mar
ket.
LOS ANGELES, California—Three
hundred thousand dollars has been set
aside for the construction of a group
of buildings for use by the Science De
partment and College of Pharmacy at
the University of Southern California.
The Geology building will be three
stories high and will contain one of
the most complete laboratories ip the
country. The present Geology building
has been doing service for thirty
years, and prior to the time that it
was taken over by the university was
used as a grocery store and meat mar
ket.
LOS ANGELES, California—Three
hundred thousand dollars has been set
aside for the construction of a group
of buildings for use by the Science De
partment and College of Pharmacy at
the University of Southern California.
The Geology building will be three
stories high and will contain one of
the most complete laboratories ip the
country. The present Geology building
has been doing service for thirty
years, and prior to the time that it
was taken over by the university was
used as a grocery store and meat mar
ket.
LOS ANGELES, California—Three
hundred thousand dollars has been set
aside for the construction of a group
of buildings for use by the Science De
partment and College of Pharmacy at
the University of Southern California.
The Geology building will be three
stories high and will contain one of
the most complete laboratories ip the
country. The present Geology building
has been doing service for thirty
years, and prior to the time that it
was taken over by the university was
used as a grocery store and meat mar
ket.
LOS ANGELES, California—Three
hundred thousand dollars has been set
aside for the construction of a group
of buildings for use by the Science De
partment and College of Pharmacy at
the University of Southern California.
The Geology building will be three
stories high and will contain one of
the most complete laboratories ip the
country. The present Geology building
has been doing service for thirty
years, and prior to the time that it
was taken over by the university was
used as a grocery store and meat mar
ket.
LOS ANGELES, California—Three
hundred thousand dollars has been set
aside for the construction of a group
of buildings for use by the Science De
partment and College of Pharmacy at
the University of Southern California.
The Geology building will be three
stories high and will contain one of
the most complete laboratories ip the
country. The present Geology building
has been doing service for thirty
years, and prior to the time that it
was taken over by the university was
used as a grocery store and meat mar
ket.
LOS ANGELES, California—Three
hundred thousand dollars has been set
aside for the construction of a group
of buildings for use by the Science De
partment and College of Pharmacy at
the University of Southern California.
The Geology building will be three
stories high and will contain one of
the most complete laboratories ip the
country. The present Geology building
has been doing service for thirty
years, and prior to the time that it
was taken over by the university was
used as a grocery store and meat mar
ket.
LOS ANGELES, California—Three
hundred thousand dollars has been set
aside for the construction of a group
of buildings for use by the Science De
partment and College of Pharmacy at
the University of Southern California.
The Geology building will be three
stories high and will contain one of
the most complete laboratories ip the
country. The present Geology building
has been doing service for thirty
years, and prior to the time that it
was taken over by the university was
used as a grocery store and meat mar
ket.
LOS ANGELES, California—Three
hundred thousand dollars has been set
aside for the construction of a group
of buildings for use by the Science De
partment and College of Pharmacy at
the University of Southern California.
The Geology building will be three
stories high and will contain one of
the most complete laboratories ip the
country. The present Geology building
has been doing service for thirty
years, and prior to the time that it
was taken over by the university was
used as a grocery store and meat mar
ket.
LOS ANGELES, California—Three
hundred thousand dollars has been set
aside for the construction of a group
of buildings for use by the Science De
partment and College of Pharmacy at
the University of Southern California.
The Geology building will be three
stories high and will contain one of
the most complete laboratories ip the
country. The present Geology building
has been doing service for thirty
years, and prior to the time that it
was taken over by the university was
used as a grocery store and meat mar
ket.
LOS ANGELES, California—Three
hundred thousand dollars has been set
aside for the construction of a group
of buildings for use by the Science De
partment and College of Pharmacy at
the University of Southern California.
The Geology building will be three
stories high and will contain one of
the most complete laboratories ip the
country. The present Geology building
has been doing service for thirty
years, and prior to the time that it
was taken over by the university was
used as a grocery store and meat mar
ket.
LOS ANGELES, California—Three
hundred thousand dollars has been set
aside for the construction of a group
of buildings for use by the Science De
partment and College of Pharmacy at
the University of Southern California.
The Geology building will be three
stories high and will contain one of
the most complete laboratories ip the
country. The present Geology building
has been doing service for thirty
years, and prior to the time that it
was taken over by the university was
used as a grocery store and meat mar
ket.
LOS ANGELES, California—Three
hundred thousand dollars has been set
aside for the construction of a group
of buildings for use by the Science De
partment and College of Pharmacy at
the University of Southern California.
The Geology building will be three
stories high and will contain one of
the most complete laboratories ip the
country. The present Geology building
has been doing service for thirty
years, and prior to the time that it
was taken over by the university was
used as a grocery store and meat mar
ket.
LOS ANGELES, California—Three
hundred thousand dollars has been set
aside for the construction of a group
of buildings for use by the Science De
partment and College of Pharmacy at
the University of Southern California.
The Geology building will be three
stories high and will contain one of
the most complete laboratories ip the
country. The present Geology building
has been doing service for thirty
years, and prior to the time that it
was taken over by the university was
used as a grocery store and meat mar
ket.
LOS ANGELES, California—Three
hundred thousand dollars has been set
aside for the construction of a group
of buildings for use by the Science De
partment and College of Pharmacy at
the University of Southern California.
The Geology building will be three
stories high and will contain one of
the most complete laboratories ip the
country. The present Geology building
has been doing service for thirty
years, and prior to the time that it
was taken over by the university was
used as a grocery store and meat mar
ket.
