# DOPE DOUBTFUL---BUT FAVORS CARDS
## 
### Raymond S. Bartlett 
Back in the days when Harry Mor
ton ran low hurdles for Stanford and
Freddy Lanagan was holding up the
Cardinal reputation lor crack pole
vaulters, a young fellow down Palo
Alto way was shipped on a one-way
ticket to a place where they incar
cerate crazy people. This lad stood
six feet 111 his sox, looked good on
l he outside and played a mighty smart
hand at poker when the cards went
round. This fine, big fellow went
crazier than a blind bat one April
afternoon when the sky looked just as
it does today, and the same question
was uppermost in the minds of the
student fans.
It was this way. Like the rest of
them, this lad was engaged in the
forlorn task of "doping" the track
meet. When things failed to look the
way he wanted them to he went and
went plumb looney. And who could
blame him?
Track meets won't dope. Every bit
as bad as college baseball. Take your
pick and let it go at that. When the
season starts it looks one way, but

when things taper off into the rare,
fair days of April, the early tabula
tions fall short, the figures lie and
everything goes wrong. This year w.
started with an overwhelming Stan
ford win. Now we're down to an
eyelash edge, with the result falling
to the justly dramatic relay. Thai
is, we think so.
it looks as if Stanford should take
enough points on the track to counter
balance a glaring weakness in two
events, the hammer and pele vault.
In the sprints anyone can win. Grav>)
and Murray may turn the triek, while
Christie's "dark horse" is being
figured by some in the points. Ono
thing is certain. Give Stanford the
one-two places in both events, the
one-three perhaps, and look for a
Palo Alto win.
That's about all. California will
send some splendid place men into
harness. These second and third
berths count in the point list and
enough of them will turn defeat to
victory. But —we think Stanford will
win—we really think so.
Back in the days when Harry Mor
ton ran low hurdles for Stanford and
Freddy Lanagan was holding up the
Cardinal reputation lor crack pole
vaulters, a young fellow down Palo
Alto way was shipped on a one-way
ticket to a place where they incar
cerate crazy people. This lad stood
six feet 111 his sox, looked good on
l he outside and played a mighty smart
hand at poker when the cards went
round. This fine, big fellow went
crazier than a blind bat one April
afternoon when the sky looked just as
it does today, and the same question
was uppermost in the minds of the
student fans.
It was this way. Like the rest of
them, this lad was engaged in the
forlorn task of "doping" the track
meet. When things failed to look the
way he wanted them to he went and
went plumb looney. And who could
blame him?
Track meets won't dope. Every bit
as bad as college baseball. Take your
pick and let it go at that. When the
season starts it looks one way, but

when things taper off into the rare,
fair days of April, the early tabula
tions fall short, the figures lie and
everything goes wrong. This year w.
started with an overwhelming Stan
ford win. Now we're down to an
eyelash edge, with the result falling
to the justly dramatic relay. Thai
is, we think so.
it looks as if Stanford should take
enough points on the track to counter
balance a glaring weakness in two
events, the hammer and pele vault.
In the sprints anyone can win. Grav>)
and Murray may turn the triek, while
Christie's "dark horse" is being
figured by some in the points. Ono
thing is certain. Give Stanford the
one-two places in both events, the
one-three perhaps, and look for a
Palo Alto win.
That's about all. California will
send some splendid place men into
harness. These second and third
berths count in the point list and
enough of them will turn defeat to
victory. But —we think Stanford will
win—we really think so.
Back in the days when Harry Mor
ton ran low hurdles for Stanford and
Freddy Lanagan was holding up the
Cardinal reputation lor crack pole
vaulters, a young fellow down Palo
Alto way was shipped on a one-way
ticket to a place where they incar
cerate crazy people. This lad stood
six feet 111 his sox, looked good on
l he outside and played a mighty smart
hand at poker when the cards went
round. This fine, big fellow went
crazier than a blind bat one April
afternoon when the sky looked just as
it does today, and the same question
was uppermost in the minds of the
student fans.
It was this way. Like the rest of
them, this lad was engaged in the
forlorn task of "doping" the track
meet. When things failed to look the
way he wanted them to he went and
went plumb looney. And who could
blame him?
Track meets won't dope. Every bit
as bad as college baseball. Take your
pick and let it go at that. When the
season starts it looks one way, but

when things taper off into the rare,
fair days of April, the early tabula
tions fall short, the figures lie and
everything goes wrong. This year w.
started with an overwhelming Stan
ford win. Now we're down to an
eyelash edge, with the result falling
to the justly dramatic relay. Thai
is, we think so.
it looks as if Stanford should take
enough points on the track to counter
balance a glaring weakness in two
events, the hammer and pele vault.
In the sprints anyone can win. Grav>)
and Murray may turn the triek, while
Christie's "dark horse" is being
figured by some in the points. Ono
thing is certain. Give Stanford the
one-two places in both events, the
one-three perhaps, and look for a
Palo Alto win.
That's about all. California will
send some splendid place men into
harness. These second and third
berths count in the point list and
enough of them will turn defeat to
victory. But —we think Stanford will
win—we really think so.
Back in the days when Harry Mor
ton ran low hurdles for Stanford and
Freddy Lanagan was holding up the
Cardinal reputation lor crack pole
vaulters, a young fellow down Palo
Alto way was shipped on a one-way
ticket to a place where they incar
cerate crazy people. This lad stood
six feet 111 his sox, looked good on
l he outside and played a mighty smart
hand at poker when the cards went
round. This fine, big fellow went
crazier than a blind bat one April
afternoon when the sky looked just as
it does today, and the same question
was uppermost in the minds of the
student fans.
It was this way. Like the rest of
them, this lad was engaged in the
forlorn task of "doping" the track
meet. When things failed to look the
way he wanted them to he went and
went plumb looney. And who could
blame him?
Track meets won't dope. Every bit
as bad as college baseball. Take your
pick and let it go at that. When the
season starts it looks one way, but

when things taper off into the rare,
fair days of April, the early tabula
tions fall short, the figures lie and
everything goes wrong. This year w.
started with an overwhelming Stan
ford win. Now we're down to an
eyelash edge, with the result falling
to the justly dramatic relay. Thai
is, we think so.
it looks as if Stanford should take
enough points on the track to counter
balance a glaring weakness in two
events, the hammer and pele vault.
In the sprints anyone can win. Grav>)
and Murray may turn the triek, while
Christie's "dark horse" is being
figured by some in the points. Ono
thing is certain. Give Stanford the
one-two places in both events, the
one-three perhaps, and look for a
Palo Alto win.
That's about all. California will
send some splendid place men into
harness. These second and third
berths count in the point list and
enough of them will turn defeat to
victory. But —we think Stanford will
win—we really think so.
Back in the days when Harry Mor
ton ran low hurdles for Stanford and
Freddy Lanagan was holding up the
Cardinal reputation lor crack pole
vaulters, a young fellow down Palo
Alto way was shipped on a one-way
ticket to a place where they incar
cerate crazy people. This lad stood
six feet 111 his sox, looked good on
l he outside and played a mighty smart
hand at poker when the cards went
round. This fine, big fellow went
crazier than a blind bat one April
afternoon when the sky looked just as
it does today, and the same question
was uppermost in the minds of the
student fans.
It was this way. Like the rest of
them, this lad was engaged in the
forlorn task of "doping" the track
meet. When things failed to look the
way he wanted them to he went and
went plumb looney. And who could
blame him?
Track meets won't dope. Every bit
as bad as college baseball. Take your
pick and let it go at that. When the
season starts it looks one way, but

when things taper off into the rare,
fair days of April, the early tabula
tions fall short, the figures lie and
everything goes wrong. This year w.
started with an overwhelming Stan
ford win. Now we're down to an
eyelash edge, with the result falling
to the justly dramatic relay. Thai
is, we think so.
it looks as if Stanford should take
enough points on the track to counter
balance a glaring weakness in two
events, the hammer and pele vault.
In the sprints anyone can win. Grav>)
and Murray may turn the triek, while
Christie's "dark horse" is being
figured by some in the points. Ono
thing is certain. Give Stanford the
one-two places in both events, the
one-three perhaps, and look for a
Palo Alto win.
That's about all. California will
send some splendid place men into
harness. These second and third
berths count in the point list and
enough of them will turn defeat to
victory. But —we think Stanford will
win—we really think so.
Back in the days when Harry Mor
ton ran low hurdles for Stanford and
Freddy Lanagan was holding up the
Cardinal reputation lor crack pole
vaulters, a young fellow down Palo
Alto way was shipped on a one-way
ticket to a place where they incar
cerate crazy people. This lad stood
six feet 111 his sox, looked good on
l he outside and played a mighty smart
hand at poker when the cards went
round. This fine, big fellow went
crazier than a blind bat one April
afternoon when the sky looked just as
it does today, and the same question
was uppermost in the minds of the
student fans.
It was this way. Like the rest of
them, this lad was engaged in the
forlorn task of "doping" the track
meet. When things failed to look the
way he wanted them to he went and
went plumb looney. And who could
blame him?
Track meets won't dope. Every bit
as bad as college baseball. Take your
pick and let it go at that. When the
season starts it looks one way, but

when things taper off into the rare,
fair days of April, the early tabula
tions fall short, the figures lie and
everything goes wrong. This year w.
started with an overwhelming Stan
ford win. Now we're down to an
eyelash edge, with the result falling
to the justly dramatic relay. Thai
is, we think so.
it looks as if Stanford should take
enough points on the track to counter
balance a glaring weakness in two
events, the hammer and pele vault.
In the sprints anyone can win. Grav>)
and Murray may turn the triek, while
Christie's "dark horse" is being
figured by some in the points. Ono
thing is certain. Give Stanford the
one-two places in both events, the
one-three perhaps, and look for a
Palo Alto win.
That's about all. California will
send some splendid place men into
harness. These second and third
berths count in the point list and
enough of them will turn defeat to
victory. But —we think Stanford will
win—we really think so.
Back in the days when Harry Mor
ton ran low hurdles for Stanford and
Freddy Lanagan was holding up the
Cardinal reputation lor crack pole
vaulters, a young fellow down Palo
Alto way was shipped on a one-way
ticket to a place where they incar
cerate crazy people. This lad stood
six feet 111 his sox, looked good on
l he outside and played a mighty smart
hand at poker when the cards went
round. This fine, big fellow went
crazier than a blind bat one April
afternoon when the sky looked just as
it does today, and the same question
was uppermost in the minds of the
student fans.
It was this way. Like the rest of
them, this lad was engaged in the
forlorn task of "doping" the track
meet. When things failed to look the
way he wanted them to he went and
went plumb looney. And who could
blame him?
Track meets won't dope. Every bit
as bad as college baseball. Take your
pick and let it go at that. When the
season starts it looks one way, but

when things taper off into the rare,
fair days of April, the early tabula
tions fall short, the figures lie and
everything goes wrong. This year w.
started with an overwhelming Stan
ford win. Now we're down to an
eyelash edge, with the result falling
to the justly dramatic relay. Thai
is, we think so.
it looks as if Stanford should take
enough points on the track to counter
balance a glaring weakness in two
events, the hammer and pele vault.
In the sprints anyone can win. Grav>)
and Murray may turn the triek, while
Christie's "dark horse" is being
figured by some in the points. Ono
thing is certain. Give Stanford the
one-two places in both events, the
one-three perhaps, and look for a
Palo Alto win.
That's about all. California will
send some splendid place men into
harness. These second and third
berths count in the point list and
enough of them will turn defeat to
victory. But —we think Stanford will
win—we really think so.
Back in the days when Harry Mor
ton ran low hurdles for Stanford and
Freddy Lanagan was holding up the
Cardinal reputation lor crack pole
vaulters, a young fellow down Palo
Alto way was shipped on a one-way
ticket to a place where they incar
cerate crazy people. This lad stood
six feet 111 his sox, looked good on
l he outside and played a mighty smart
hand at poker when the cards went
round. This fine, big fellow went
crazier than a blind bat one April
afternoon when the sky looked just as
it does today, and the same question
was uppermost in the minds of the
student fans.
It was this way. Like the rest of
them, this lad was engaged in the
forlorn task of "doping" the track
meet. When things failed to look the
way he wanted them to he went and
went plumb looney. And who could
blame him?
Track meets won't dope. Every bit
as bad as college baseball. Take your
pick and let it go at that. When the
season starts it looks one way, but

when things taper off into the rare,
fair days of April, the early tabula
tions fall short, the figures lie and
everything goes wrong. This year w.
started with an overwhelming Stan
ford win. Now we're down to an
eyelash edge, with the result falling
to the justly dramatic relay. Thai
is, we think so.
it looks as if Stanford should take
enough points on the track to counter
balance a glaring weakness in two
events, the hammer and pele vault.
In the sprints anyone can win. Grav>)
and Murray may turn the triek, while
Christie's "dark horse" is being
figured by some in the points. Ono
thing is certain. Give Stanford the
one-two places in both events, the
one-three perhaps, and look for a
Palo Alto win.
That's about all. California will
send some splendid place men into
harness. These second and third
berths count in the point list and
enough of them will turn defeat to
victory. But —we think Stanford will
win—we really think so.
Back in the days when Harry Mor
ton ran low hurdles for Stanford and
Freddy Lanagan was holding up the
Cardinal reputation lor crack pole
vaulters, a young fellow down Palo
Alto way was shipped on a one-way
ticket to a place where they incar
cerate crazy people. This lad stood
six feet 111 his sox, looked good on
l he outside and played a mighty smart
hand at poker when the cards went
round. This fine, big fellow went
crazier than a blind bat one April
afternoon when the sky looked just as
it does today, and the same question
was uppermost in the minds of the
student fans.
It was this way. Like the rest of
them, this lad was engaged in the
forlorn task of "doping" the track
meet. When things failed to look the
way he wanted them to he went and
went plumb looney. And who could
blame him?
Track meets won't dope. Every bit
as bad as college baseball. Take your
pick and let it go at that. When the
season starts it looks one way, but

when things taper off into the rare,
fair days of April, the early tabula
tions fall short, the figures lie and
everything goes wrong. This year w.
started with an overwhelming Stan
ford win. Now we're down to an
eyelash edge, with the result falling
to the justly dramatic relay. Thai
is, we think so.
it looks as if Stanford should take
enough points on the track to counter
balance a glaring weakness in two
events, the hammer and pele vault.
In the sprints anyone can win. Grav>)
and Murray may turn the triek, while
Christie's "dark horse" is being
figured by some in the points. Ono
thing is certain. Give Stanford the
one-two places in both events, the
one-three perhaps, and look for a
Palo Alto win.
That's about all. California will
send some splendid place men into
harness. These second and third
berths count in the point list and
enough of them will turn defeat to
victory. But —we think Stanford will
win—we really think so.
Back in the days when Harry Mor
ton ran low hurdles for Stanford and
Freddy Lanagan was holding up the
Cardinal reputation lor crack pole
vaulters, a young fellow down Palo
Alto way was shipped on a one-way
ticket to a place where they incar
cerate crazy people. This lad stood
six feet 111 his sox, looked good on
l he outside and played a mighty smart
hand at poker when the cards went
round. This fine, big fellow went
crazier than a blind bat one April
afternoon when the sky looked just as
it does today, and the same question
was uppermost in the minds of the
student fans.
It was this way. Like the rest of
them, this lad was engaged in the
forlorn task of "doping" the track
meet. When things failed to look the
way he wanted them to he went and
went plumb looney. And who could
blame him?
Track meets won't dope. Every bit
as bad as college baseball. Take your
pick and let it go at that. When the
season starts it looks one way, but

when things taper off into the rare,
fair days of April, the early tabula
tions fall short, the figures lie and
everything goes wrong. This year w.
started with an overwhelming Stan
ford win. Now we're down to an
eyelash edge, with the result falling
to the justly dramatic relay. Thai
is, we think so.
it looks as if Stanford should take
enough points on the track to counter
balance a glaring weakness in two
events, the hammer and pele vault.
In the sprints anyone can win. Grav>)
and Murray may turn the triek, while
Christie's "dark horse" is being
figured by some in the points. Ono
thing is certain. Give Stanford the
one-two places in both events, the
one-three perhaps, and look for a
Palo Alto win.
That's about all. California will
send some splendid place men into
harness. These second and third
berths count in the point list and
enough of them will turn defeat to
victory. But —we think Stanford will
win—we really think so.
Back in the days when Harry Mor
ton ran low hurdles for Stanford and
Freddy Lanagan was holding up the
Cardinal reputation lor crack pole
vaulters, a young fellow down Palo
Alto way was shipped on a one-way
ticket to a place where they incar
cerate crazy people. This lad stood
six feet 111 his sox, looked good on
l he outside and played a mighty smart
hand at poker when the cards went
round. This fine, big fellow went
crazier than a blind bat one April
afternoon when the sky looked just as
it does today, and the same question
was uppermost in the minds of the
student fans.
It was this way. Like the rest of
them, this lad was engaged in the
forlorn task of "doping" the track
meet. When things failed to look the
way he wanted them to he went and
went plumb looney. And who could
blame him?
Track meets won't dope. Every bit
as bad as college baseball. Take your
pick and let it go at that. When the
season starts it looks one way, but

when things taper off into the rare,
fair days of April, the early tabula
tions fall short, the figures lie and
everything goes wrong. This year w.
started with an overwhelming Stan
ford win. Now we're down to an
eyelash edge, with the result falling
to the justly dramatic relay. Thai
is, we think so.
it looks as if Stanford should take
enough points on the track to counter
balance a glaring weakness in two
events, the hammer and pele vault.
In the sprints anyone can win. Grav>)
and Murray may turn the triek, while
Christie's "dark horse" is being
figured by some in the points. Ono
thing is certain. Give Stanford the
one-two places in both events, the
one-three perhaps, and look for a
Palo Alto win.
That's about all. California will
send some splendid place men into
harness. These second and third
berths count in the point list and
enough of them will turn defeat to
victory. But —we think Stanford will
win—we really think so.
Back in the days when Harry Mor
ton ran low hurdles for Stanford and
Freddy Lanagan was holding up the
Cardinal reputation lor crack pole
vaulters, a young fellow down Palo
Alto way was shipped on a one-way
ticket to a place where they incar
cerate crazy people. This lad stood
six feet 111 his sox, looked good on
l he outside and played a mighty smart
hand at poker when the cards went
round. This fine, big fellow went
crazier than a blind bat one April
afternoon when the sky looked just as
it does today, and the same question
was uppermost in the minds of the
student fans.
It was this way. Like the rest of
them, this lad was engaged in the
forlorn task of "doping" the track
meet. When things failed to look the
way he wanted them to he went and
went plumb looney. And who could
blame him?
Track meets won't dope. Every bit
as bad as college baseball. Take your
pick and let it go at that. When the
season starts it looks one way, but

when things taper off into the rare,
fair days of April, the early tabula
tions fall short, the figures lie and
everything goes wrong. This year w.
started with an overwhelming Stan
ford win. Now we're down to an
eyelash edge, with the result falling
to the justly dramatic relay. Thai
is, we think so.
it looks as if Stanford should take
enough points on the track to counter
balance a glaring weakness in two
events, the hammer and pele vault.
In the sprints anyone can win. Grav>)
and Murray may turn the triek, while
Christie's "dark horse" is being
figured by some in the points. Ono
thing is certain. Give Stanford the
one-two places in both events, the
one-three perhaps, and look for a
Palo Alto win.
That's about all. California will
send some splendid place men into
harness. These second and third
berths count in the point list and
enough of them will turn defeat to
victory. But —we think Stanford will
win—we really think so.
Back in the days when Harry Mor
ton ran low hurdles for Stanford and
Freddy Lanagan was holding up the
Cardinal reputation lor crack pole
vaulters, a young fellow down Palo
Alto way was shipped on a one-way
ticket to a place where they incar
cerate crazy people. This lad stood
six feet 111 his sox, looked good on
l he outside and played a mighty smart
hand at poker when the cards went
round. This fine, big fellow went
crazier than a blind bat one April
afternoon when the sky looked just as
it does today, and the same question
was uppermost in the minds of the
student fans.
It was this way. Like the rest of
them, this lad was engaged in the
forlorn task of "doping" the track
meet. When things failed to look the
way he wanted them to he went and
went plumb looney. And who could
blame him?
Track meets won't dope. Every bit
as bad as college baseball. Take your
pick and let it go at that. When the
season starts it looks one way, but

when things taper off into the rare,
fair days of April, the early tabula
tions fall short, the figures lie and
everything goes wrong. This year w.
started with an overwhelming Stan
ford win. Now we're down to an
eyelash edge, with the result falling
to the justly dramatic relay. Thai
is, we think so.
it looks as if Stanford should take
enough points on the track to counter
balance a glaring weakness in two
events, the hammer and pele vault.
In the sprints anyone can win. Grav>)
and Murray may turn the triek, while
Christie's "dark horse" is being
figured by some in the points. Ono
thing is certain. Give Stanford the
one-two places in both events, the
one-three perhaps, and look for a
Palo Alto win.
That's about all. California will
send some splendid place men into
harness. These second and third
berths count in the point list and
enough of them will turn defeat to
victory. But —we think Stanford will
win—we really think so.
Back in the days when Harry Mor
ton ran low hurdles for Stanford and
Freddy Lanagan was holding up the
Cardinal reputation lor crack pole
vaulters, a young fellow down Palo
Alto way was shipped on a one-way
ticket to a place where they incar
cerate crazy people. This lad stood
six feet 111 his sox, looked good on
l he outside and played a mighty smart
hand at poker when the cards went
round. This fine, big fellow went
crazier than a blind bat one April
afternoon when the sky looked just as
it does today, and the same question
was uppermost in the minds of the
student fans.
It was this way. Like the rest of
them, this lad was engaged in the
forlorn task of "doping" the track
meet. When things failed to look the
way he wanted them to he went and
went plumb looney. And who could
blame him?
Track meets won't dope. Every bit
as bad as college baseball. Take your
pick and let it go at that. When the
season starts it looks one way, but

when things taper off into the rare,
fair days of April, the early tabula
tions fall short, the figures lie and
everything goes wrong. This year w.
started with an overwhelming Stan
ford win. Now we're down to an
eyelash edge, with the result falling
to the justly dramatic relay. Thai
is, we think so.
it looks as if Stanford should take
enough points on the track to counter
balance a glaring weakness in two
events, the hammer and pele vault.
In the sprints anyone can win. Grav>)
and Murray may turn the triek, while
Christie's "dark horse" is being
figured by some in the points. Ono
thing is certain. Give Stanford the
one-two places in both events, the
one-three perhaps, and look for a
Palo Alto win.
That's about all. California will
send some splendid place men into
harness. These second and third
berths count in the point list and
enough of them will turn defeat to
victory. But —we think Stanford will
win—we really think so.
