# SHOULD THE DAILY RUN CROSSWORD PUZZLES?
## 
### 
If you want these puzzles
continued write the editor and
let him know your feelings.
The puzzles will he continued
if the demand is large enough
to so warrant.
If you want these puzzles
continued write the editor and
let him know your feelings.
The puzzles will he continued
if the demand is large enough
to so warrant.
If you want these puzzles
continued write the editor and
let him know your feelings.
The puzzles will he continued
if the demand is large enough
to so warrant.
If you want these puzzles
continued write the editor and
let him know your feelings.
The puzzles will he continued
if the demand is large enough
to so warrant.
If you want these puzzles
continued write the editor and
let him know your feelings.
The puzzles will he continued
if the demand is large enough
to so warrant.
If you want these puzzles
continued write the editor and
let him know your feelings.
The puzzles will he continued
if the demand is large enough
to so warrant.
If you want these puzzles
continued write the editor and
let him know your feelings.
The puzzles will he continued
if the demand is large enough
to so warrant.
If you want these puzzles
continued write the editor and
let him know your feelings.
The puzzles will he continued
if the demand is large enough
to so warrant.
If you want these puzzles
continued write the editor and
let him know your feelings.
The puzzles will he continued
if the demand is large enough
to so warrant.
If you want these puzzles
continued write the editor and
let him know your feelings.
The puzzles will he continued
if the demand is large enough
to so warrant.
If you want these puzzles
continued write the editor and
let him know your feelings.
The puzzles will he continued
if the demand is large enough
to so warrant.
If you want these puzzles
continued write the editor and
let him know your feelings.
The puzzles will he continued
if the demand is large enough
to so warrant.
If you want these puzzles
continued write the editor and
let him know your feelings.
The puzzles will he continued
if the demand is large enough
to so warrant.
If you want these puzzles
continued write the editor and
let him know your feelings.
The puzzles will he continued
if the demand is large enough
to so warrant.
If you want these puzzles
continued write the editor and
let him know your feelings.
The puzzles will he continued
if the demand is large enough
to so warrant.
