# MASQUERS TRYOUTS
## 
### 
Tryouts will be held Monday af
ternoon in the Little Theater for the
two winning plays in the Masquers
quarterly contest, the titles and au
thors of which will be announced
later. All students of the University
are eligible.
Tryouts will be held Monday af
ternoon in the Little Theater for the
two winning plays in the Masquers
quarterly contest, the titles and au
thors of which will be announced
later. All students of the University
are eligible.
Tryouts will be held Monday af
ternoon in the Little Theater for the
two winning plays in the Masquers
quarterly contest, the titles and au
thors of which will be announced
later. All students of the University
are eligible.
Tryouts will be held Monday af
ternoon in the Little Theater for the
two winning plays in the Masquers
quarterly contest, the titles and au
thors of which will be announced
later. All students of the University
are eligible.
Tryouts will be held Monday af
ternoon in the Little Theater for the
two winning plays in the Masquers
quarterly contest, the titles and au
thors of which will be announced
later. All students of the University
are eligible.
Tryouts will be held Monday af
ternoon in the Little Theater for the
two winning plays in the Masquers
quarterly contest, the titles and au
thors of which will be announced
later. All students of the University
are eligible.
Tryouts will be held Monday af
ternoon in the Little Theater for the
two winning plays in the Masquers
quarterly contest, the titles and au
thors of which will be announced
later. All students of the University
are eligible.
Tryouts will be held Monday af
ternoon in the Little Theater for the
two winning plays in the Masquers
quarterly contest, the titles and au
thors of which will be announced
later. All students of the University
are eligible.
Tryouts will be held Monday af
ternoon in the Little Theater for the
two winning plays in the Masquers
quarterly contest, the titles and au
thors of which will be announced
later. All students of the University
are eligible.
Tryouts will be held Monday af
ternoon in the Little Theater for the
two winning plays in the Masquers
quarterly contest, the titles and au
thors of which will be announced
later. All students of the University
are eligible.
Tryouts will be held Monday af
ternoon in the Little Theater for the
two winning plays in the Masquers
quarterly contest, the titles and au
thors of which will be announced
later. All students of the University
are eligible.
Tryouts will be held Monday af
ternoon in the Little Theater for the
two winning plays in the Masquers
quarterly contest, the titles and au
thors of which will be announced
later. All students of the University
are eligible.
Tryouts will be held Monday af
ternoon in the Little Theater for the
two winning plays in the Masquers
quarterly contest, the titles and au
thors of which will be announced
later. All students of the University
are eligible.
Tryouts will be held Monday af
ternoon in the Little Theater for the
two winning plays in the Masquers
quarterly contest, the titles and au
thors of which will be announced
later. All students of the University
are eligible.
Tryouts will be held Monday af
ternoon in the Little Theater for the
two winning plays in the Masquers
quarterly contest, the titles and au
thors of which will be announced
later. All students of the University
are eligible.
