# Relief Director Will Cut Off States' Dole
## 
### 
WASHINGTON. Oct. 31 (4').—De
claring the work relief program
already had enough funds available
from the Treasury to put. 3.500.000
to work, Harry L. Hopkins, relief
director, said today New York Crty
and 20 states would be cut off the
dole on November 15.
Hopkins declined to estimate how
many already have work relief jobs
on the eve of the original November
deadline tor liquidating the relief
administration, but reiterated that
no state would receive funds for un
employed after December 1.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 31 (4').—De
claring the work relief program
already had enough funds available
from the Treasury to put. 3.500.000
to work, Harry L. Hopkins, relief
director, said today New York Crty
and 20 states would be cut off the
dole on November 15.
Hopkins declined to estimate how
many already have work relief jobs
on the eve of the original November
deadline tor liquidating the relief
administration, but reiterated that
no state would receive funds for un
employed after December 1.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 31 (4').—De
claring the work relief program
already had enough funds available
from the Treasury to put. 3.500.000
to work, Harry L. Hopkins, relief
director, said today New York Crty
and 20 states would be cut off the
dole on November 15.
Hopkins declined to estimate how
many already have work relief jobs
on the eve of the original November
deadline tor liquidating the relief
administration, but reiterated that
no state would receive funds for un
employed after December 1.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 31 (4').—De
claring the work relief program
already had enough funds available
from the Treasury to put. 3.500.000
to work, Harry L. Hopkins, relief
director, said today New York Crty
and 20 states would be cut off the
dole on November 15.
Hopkins declined to estimate how
many already have work relief jobs
on the eve of the original November
deadline tor liquidating the relief
administration, but reiterated that
no state would receive funds for un
employed after December 1.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 31 (4').—De
claring the work relief program
already had enough funds available
from the Treasury to put. 3.500.000
to work, Harry L. Hopkins, relief
director, said today New York Crty
and 20 states would be cut off the
dole on November 15.
Hopkins declined to estimate how
many already have work relief jobs
on the eve of the original November
deadline tor liquidating the relief
administration, but reiterated that
no state would receive funds for un
employed after December 1.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 31 (4').—De
claring the work relief program
already had enough funds available
from the Treasury to put. 3.500.000
to work, Harry L. Hopkins, relief
director, said today New York Crty
and 20 states would be cut off the
dole on November 15.
Hopkins declined to estimate how
many already have work relief jobs
on the eve of the original November
deadline tor liquidating the relief
administration, but reiterated that
no state would receive funds for un
employed after December 1.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 31 (4').—De
claring the work relief program
already had enough funds available
from the Treasury to put. 3.500.000
to work, Harry L. Hopkins, relief
director, said today New York Crty
and 20 states would be cut off the
dole on November 15.
Hopkins declined to estimate how
many already have work relief jobs
on the eve of the original November
deadline tor liquidating the relief
administration, but reiterated that
no state would receive funds for un
employed after December 1.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 31 (4').—De
claring the work relief program
already had enough funds available
from the Treasury to put. 3.500.000
to work, Harry L. Hopkins, relief
director, said today New York Crty
and 20 states would be cut off the
dole on November 15.
Hopkins declined to estimate how
many already have work relief jobs
on the eve of the original November
deadline tor liquidating the relief
administration, but reiterated that
no state would receive funds for un
employed after December 1.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 31 (4').—De
claring the work relief program
already had enough funds available
from the Treasury to put. 3.500.000
to work, Harry L. Hopkins, relief
director, said today New York Crty
and 20 states would be cut off the
dole on November 15.
Hopkins declined to estimate how
many already have work relief jobs
on the eve of the original November
deadline tor liquidating the relief
administration, but reiterated that
no state would receive funds for un
employed after December 1.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 31 (4').—De
claring the work relief program
already had enough funds available
from the Treasury to put. 3.500.000
to work, Harry L. Hopkins, relief
director, said today New York Crty
and 20 states would be cut off the
dole on November 15.
Hopkins declined to estimate how
many already have work relief jobs
on the eve of the original November
deadline tor liquidating the relief
administration, but reiterated that
no state would receive funds for un
employed after December 1.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 31 (4').—De
claring the work relief program
already had enough funds available
from the Treasury to put. 3.500.000
to work, Harry L. Hopkins, relief
director, said today New York Crty
and 20 states would be cut off the
dole on November 15.
Hopkins declined to estimate how
many already have work relief jobs
on the eve of the original November
deadline tor liquidating the relief
administration, but reiterated that
no state would receive funds for un
employed after December 1.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 31 (4').—De
claring the work relief program
already had enough funds available
from the Treasury to put. 3.500.000
to work, Harry L. Hopkins, relief
director, said today New York Crty
and 20 states would be cut off the
dole on November 15.
Hopkins declined to estimate how
many already have work relief jobs
on the eve of the original November
deadline tor liquidating the relief
administration, but reiterated that
no state would receive funds for un
employed after December 1.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 31 (4').—De
claring the work relief program
already had enough funds available
from the Treasury to put. 3.500.000
to work, Harry L. Hopkins, relief
director, said today New York Crty
and 20 states would be cut off the
dole on November 15.
Hopkins declined to estimate how
many already have work relief jobs
on the eve of the original November
deadline tor liquidating the relief
administration, but reiterated that
no state would receive funds for un
employed after December 1.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 31 (4').—De
claring the work relief program
already had enough funds available
from the Treasury to put. 3.500.000
to work, Harry L. Hopkins, relief
director, said today New York Crty
and 20 states would be cut off the
dole on November 15.
Hopkins declined to estimate how
many already have work relief jobs
on the eve of the original November
deadline tor liquidating the relief
administration, but reiterated that
no state would receive funds for un
employed after December 1.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 31 (4').—De
claring the work relief program
already had enough funds available
from the Treasury to put. 3.500.000
to work, Harry L. Hopkins, relief
director, said today New York Crty
and 20 states would be cut off the
dole on November 15.
Hopkins declined to estimate how
many already have work relief jobs
on the eve of the original November
deadline tor liquidating the relief
administration, but reiterated that
no state would receive funds for un
employed after December 1.
