# FEW RUSH CARDS LEFT
## 
### 
After a complete sell-out of 2200
rushing cards yesterday in the Union,
all but 40 of an additional 200 cards
were sold. If any fraternity wishes
to procure more cards, they will be
available today until all are sold.
After a complete sell-out of 2200
rushing cards yesterday in the Union,
all but 40 of an additional 200 cards
were sold. If any fraternity wishes
to procure more cards, they will be
available today until all are sold.
After a complete sell-out of 2200
rushing cards yesterday in the Union,
all but 40 of an additional 200 cards
were sold. If any fraternity wishes
to procure more cards, they will be
available today until all are sold.
After a complete sell-out of 2200
rushing cards yesterday in the Union,
all but 40 of an additional 200 cards
were sold. If any fraternity wishes
to procure more cards, they will be
available today until all are sold.
After a complete sell-out of 2200
rushing cards yesterday in the Union,
all but 40 of an additional 200 cards
were sold. If any fraternity wishes
to procure more cards, they will be
available today until all are sold.
After a complete sell-out of 2200
rushing cards yesterday in the Union,
all but 40 of an additional 200 cards
were sold. If any fraternity wishes
to procure more cards, they will be
available today until all are sold.
After a complete sell-out of 2200
rushing cards yesterday in the Union,
all but 40 of an additional 200 cards
were sold. If any fraternity wishes
to procure more cards, they will be
available today until all are sold.
After a complete sell-out of 2200
rushing cards yesterday in the Union,
all but 40 of an additional 200 cards
were sold. If any fraternity wishes
to procure more cards, they will be
available today until all are sold.
After a complete sell-out of 2200
rushing cards yesterday in the Union,
all but 40 of an additional 200 cards
were sold. If any fraternity wishes
to procure more cards, they will be
available today until all are sold.
After a complete sell-out of 2200
rushing cards yesterday in the Union,
all but 40 of an additional 200 cards
were sold. If any fraternity wishes
to procure more cards, they will be
available today until all are sold.
After a complete sell-out of 2200
rushing cards yesterday in the Union,
all but 40 of an additional 200 cards
were sold. If any fraternity wishes
to procure more cards, they will be
available today until all are sold.
After a complete sell-out of 2200
rushing cards yesterday in the Union,
all but 40 of an additional 200 cards
were sold. If any fraternity wishes
to procure more cards, they will be
available today until all are sold.
After a complete sell-out of 2200
rushing cards yesterday in the Union,
all but 40 of an additional 200 cards
were sold. If any fraternity wishes
to procure more cards, they will be
available today until all are sold.
After a complete sell-out of 2200
rushing cards yesterday in the Union,
all but 40 of an additional 200 cards
were sold. If any fraternity wishes
to procure more cards, they will be
available today until all are sold.
After a complete sell-out of 2200
rushing cards yesterday in the Union,
all but 40 of an additional 200 cards
were sold. If any fraternity wishes
to procure more cards, they will be
available today until all are sold.
