# Tickell To Tell Of Oil Industry
## Professor Will Describe Technical Advances 
### 
The story of some of the technical
achievements in the petroleum in
dustry will he. told by Frederick
George Tickeil, professor of petro
leum engineering, on the Stanford
Radio Hour Monday evening at 6
o'clock.
Professor Tickeil, who is a consult
ing engineer for western oil com
panies as well as a teacher, was a
geologist and petroleum engineer
for the Southern Pacific and Asso
ciated Oil companies from 1916 to
IS2I. Previously he was employed in
various engineering capacities by
the Yuk;>n Gold Company, the
Marin Municipal Water District',,
and the Croesus Gold Mining and
Milling Company.
The story of some of the technical
achievements in the petroleum in
dustry will he. told by Frederick
George Tickeil, professor of petro
leum engineering, on the Stanford
Radio Hour Monday evening at 6
o'clock.
Professor Tickeil, who is a consult
ing engineer for western oil com
panies as well as a teacher, was a
geologist and petroleum engineer
for the Southern Pacific and Asso
ciated Oil companies from 1916 to
IS2I. Previously he was employed in
various engineering capacities by
the Yuk;>n Gold Company, the
Marin Municipal Water District',,
and the Croesus Gold Mining and
Milling Company.
The story of some of the technical
achievements in the petroleum in
dustry will he. told by Frederick
George Tickeil, professor of petro
leum engineering, on the Stanford
Radio Hour Monday evening at 6
o'clock.
Professor Tickeil, who is a consult
ing engineer for western oil com
panies as well as a teacher, was a
geologist and petroleum engineer
for the Southern Pacific and Asso
ciated Oil companies from 1916 to
IS2I. Previously he was employed in
various engineering capacities by
the Yuk;>n Gold Company, the
Marin Municipal Water District',,
and the Croesus Gold Mining and
Milling Company.
The story of some of the technical
achievements in the petroleum in
dustry will he. told by Frederick
George Tickeil, professor of petro
leum engineering, on the Stanford
Radio Hour Monday evening at 6
o'clock.
Professor Tickeil, who is a consult
ing engineer for western oil com
panies as well as a teacher, was a
geologist and petroleum engineer
for the Southern Pacific and Asso
ciated Oil companies from 1916 to
IS2I. Previously he was employed in
various engineering capacities by
the Yuk;>n Gold Company, the
Marin Municipal Water District',,
and the Croesus Gold Mining and
Milling Company.
The story of some of the technical
achievements in the petroleum in
dustry will he. told by Frederick
George Tickeil, professor of petro
leum engineering, on the Stanford
Radio Hour Monday evening at 6
o'clock.
Professor Tickeil, who is a consult
ing engineer for western oil com
panies as well as a teacher, was a
geologist and petroleum engineer
for the Southern Pacific and Asso
ciated Oil companies from 1916 to
IS2I. Previously he was employed in
various engineering capacities by
the Yuk;>n Gold Company, the
Marin Municipal Water District',,
and the Croesus Gold Mining and
Milling Company.
The story of some of the technical
achievements in the petroleum in
dustry will he. told by Frederick
George Tickeil, professor of petro
leum engineering, on the Stanford
Radio Hour Monday evening at 6
o'clock.
Professor Tickeil, who is a consult
ing engineer for western oil com
panies as well as a teacher, was a
geologist and petroleum engineer
for the Southern Pacific and Asso
ciated Oil companies from 1916 to
IS2I. Previously he was employed in
various engineering capacities by
the Yuk;>n Gold Company, the
Marin Municipal Water District',,
and the Croesus Gold Mining and
Milling Company.
The story of some of the technical
achievements in the petroleum in
dustry will he. told by Frederick
George Tickeil, professor of petro
leum engineering, on the Stanford
Radio Hour Monday evening at 6
o'clock.
Professor Tickeil, who is a consult
ing engineer for western oil com
panies as well as a teacher, was a
geologist and petroleum engineer
for the Southern Pacific and Asso
ciated Oil companies from 1916 to
IS2I. Previously he was employed in
various engineering capacities by
the Yuk;>n Gold Company, the
Marin Municipal Water District',,
and the Croesus Gold Mining and
Milling Company.
The story of some of the technical
achievements in the petroleum in
dustry will he. told by Frederick
George Tickeil, professor of petro
leum engineering, on the Stanford
Radio Hour Monday evening at 6
o'clock.
Professor Tickeil, who is a consult
ing engineer for western oil com
panies as well as a teacher, was a
geologist and petroleum engineer
for the Southern Pacific and Asso
ciated Oil companies from 1916 to
IS2I. Previously he was employed in
various engineering capacities by
the Yuk;>n Gold Company, the
Marin Municipal Water District',,
and the Croesus Gold Mining and
Milling Company.
The story of some of the technical
achievements in the petroleum in
dustry will he. told by Frederick
George Tickeil, professor of petro
leum engineering, on the Stanford
Radio Hour Monday evening at 6
o'clock.
Professor Tickeil, who is a consult
ing engineer for western oil com
panies as well as a teacher, was a
geologist and petroleum engineer
for the Southern Pacific and Asso
ciated Oil companies from 1916 to
IS2I. Previously he was employed in
various engineering capacities by
the Yuk;>n Gold Company, the
Marin Municipal Water District',,
and the Croesus Gold Mining and
Milling Company.
The story of some of the technical
achievements in the petroleum in
dustry will he. told by Frederick
George Tickeil, professor of petro
leum engineering, on the Stanford
Radio Hour Monday evening at 6
o'clock.
Professor Tickeil, who is a consult
ing engineer for western oil com
panies as well as a teacher, was a
geologist and petroleum engineer
for the Southern Pacific and Asso
ciated Oil companies from 1916 to
IS2I. Previously he was employed in
various engineering capacities by
the Yuk;>n Gold Company, the
Marin Municipal Water District',,
and the Croesus Gold Mining and
Milling Company.
The story of some of the technical
achievements in the petroleum in
dustry will he. told by Frederick
George Tickeil, professor of petro
leum engineering, on the Stanford
Radio Hour Monday evening at 6
o'clock.
Professor Tickeil, who is a consult
ing engineer for western oil com
panies as well as a teacher, was a
geologist and petroleum engineer
for the Southern Pacific and Asso
ciated Oil companies from 1916 to
IS2I. Previously he was employed in
various engineering capacities by
the Yuk;>n Gold Company, the
Marin Municipal Water District',,
and the Croesus Gold Mining and
Milling Company.
The story of some of the technical
achievements in the petroleum in
dustry will he. told by Frederick
George Tickeil, professor of petro
leum engineering, on the Stanford
Radio Hour Monday evening at 6
o'clock.
Professor Tickeil, who is a consult
ing engineer for western oil com
panies as well as a teacher, was a
geologist and petroleum engineer
for the Southern Pacific and Asso
ciated Oil companies from 1916 to
IS2I. Previously he was employed in
various engineering capacities by
the Yuk;>n Gold Company, the
Marin Municipal Water District',,
and the Croesus Gold Mining and
Milling Company.
The story of some of the technical
achievements in the petroleum in
dustry will he. told by Frederick
George Tickeil, professor of petro
leum engineering, on the Stanford
Radio Hour Monday evening at 6
o'clock.
Professor Tickeil, who is a consult
ing engineer for western oil com
panies as well as a teacher, was a
geologist and petroleum engineer
for the Southern Pacific and Asso
ciated Oil companies from 1916 to
IS2I. Previously he was employed in
various engineering capacities by
the Yuk;>n Gold Company, the
Marin Municipal Water District',,
and the Croesus Gold Mining and
Milling Company.
The story of some of the technical
achievements in the petroleum in
dustry will he. told by Frederick
George Tickeil, professor of petro
leum engineering, on the Stanford
Radio Hour Monday evening at 6
o'clock.
Professor Tickeil, who is a consult
ing engineer for western oil com
panies as well as a teacher, was a
geologist and petroleum engineer
for the Southern Pacific and Asso
ciated Oil companies from 1916 to
IS2I. Previously he was employed in
various engineering capacities by
the Yuk;>n Gold Company, the
Marin Municipal Water District',,
and the Croesus Gold Mining and
Milling Company.
The story of some of the technical
achievements in the petroleum in
dustry will he. told by Frederick
George Tickeil, professor of petro
leum engineering, on the Stanford
Radio Hour Monday evening at 6
o'clock.
Professor Tickeil, who is a consult
ing engineer for western oil com
panies as well as a teacher, was a
geologist and petroleum engineer
for the Southern Pacific and Asso
ciated Oil companies from 1916 to
IS2I. Previously he was employed in
various engineering capacities by
the Yuk;>n Gold Company, the
Marin Municipal Water District',,
and the Croesus Gold Mining and
Milling Company.
