# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Sure
Women's soccer raised their
hands in victory against St.
Mary's, 2-1.
Sports, page 7

Secret
Jand Blandz says beauty is
strong enough for a man, but
made for a woman.
Opinions, page 4

Right Guard
Anything less than Yo La Tengo
and the Spinanes would be
uncivilized.
Intermission

Sure
Women's soccer raised their
hands in victory against St.
Mary's, 2-1.
Sports, page 7

Secret
Jand Blandz says beauty is
strong enough for a man, but
made for a woman.
Opinions, page 4

Right Guard
Anything less than Yo La Tengo
and the Spinanes would be
uncivilized.
Intermission

Sure
Women's soccer raised their
hands in victory against St.
Mary's, 2-1.
Sports, page 7

Secret
Jand Blandz says beauty is
strong enough for a man, but
made for a woman.
Opinions, page 4

Right Guard
Anything less than Yo La Tengo
and the Spinanes would be
uncivilized.
Intermission

Sure
Women's soccer raised their
hands in victory against St.
Mary's, 2-1.
Sports, page 7

Secret
Jand Blandz says beauty is
strong enough for a man, but
made for a woman.
Opinions, page 4

Right Guard
Anything less than Yo La Tengo
and the Spinanes would be
uncivilized.
Intermission

Sure
Women's soccer raised their
hands in victory against St.
Mary's, 2-1.
Sports, page 7

Secret
Jand Blandz says beauty is
strong enough for a man, but
made for a woman.
Opinions, page 4

Right Guard
Anything less than Yo La Tengo
and the Spinanes would be
uncivilized.
Intermission

Sure
Women's soccer raised their
hands in victory against St.
Mary's, 2-1.
Sports, page 7

Secret
Jand Blandz says beauty is
strong enough for a man, but
made for a woman.
Opinions, page 4

Right Guard
Anything less than Yo La Tengo
and the Spinanes would be
uncivilized.
Intermission

Sure
Women's soccer raised their
hands in victory against St.
Mary's, 2-1.
Sports, page 7

Secret
Jand Blandz says beauty is
strong enough for a man, but
made for a woman.
Opinions, page 4

Right Guard
Anything less than Yo La Tengo
and the Spinanes would be
uncivilized.
Intermission

Sure
Women's soccer raised their
hands in victory against St.
Mary's, 2-1.
Sports, page 7

Secret
Jand Blandz says beauty is
strong enough for a man, but
made for a woman.
Opinions, page 4

Right Guard
Anything less than Yo La Tengo
and the Spinanes would be
uncivilized.
Intermission

