# Adv. 14 Page 3
## 
### 
DOUBLE
BREASTED
oAsk for
" c lhe Lipton"
Some new and dressy
fabrics in rough blue
cheviots. And some in
the hue called "London,
Light", a color that
looks well for evening
wear.,
$ 39 *47 *55 -
V . :
f . .a
*-
Six-Store Buying Power
||
DOUBLE
BREASTED
oAsk for
" c lhe Lipton"
Some new and dressy
fabrics in rough blue
cheviots. And some in
the hue called "London,
Light", a color that
looks well for evening
wear.,
$ 39 *47 *55 -
V . :
f . .a
*-
Six-Store Buying Power
||
DOUBLE
BREASTED
oAsk for
" c lhe Lipton"
Some new and dressy
fabrics in rough blue
cheviots. And some in
the hue called "London,
Light", a color that
looks well for evening
wear.,
$ 39 *47 *55 -
V . :
f . .a
*-
Six-Store Buying Power
||
DOUBLE
BREASTED
oAsk for
" c lhe Lipton"
Some new and dressy
fabrics in rough blue
cheviots. And some in
the hue called "London,
Light", a color that
looks well for evening
wear.,
$ 39 *47 *55 -
V . :
f . .a
*-
Six-Store Buying Power
||
DOUBLE
BREASTED
oAsk for
" c lhe Lipton"
Some new and dressy
fabrics in rough blue
cheviots. And some in
the hue called "London,
Light", a color that
looks well for evening
wear.,
$ 39 *47 *55 -
V . :
f . .a
*-
Six-Store Buying Power
||
DOUBLE
BREASTED
oAsk for
" c lhe Lipton"
Some new and dressy
fabrics in rough blue
cheviots. And some in
the hue called "London,
Light", a color that
looks well for evening
wear.,
$ 39 *47 *55 -
V . :
f . .a
*-
Six-Store Buying Power
||
DOUBLE
BREASTED
oAsk for
" c lhe Lipton"
Some new and dressy
fabrics in rough blue
cheviots. And some in
the hue called "London,
Light", a color that
looks well for evening
wear.,
$ 39 *47 *55 -
V . :
f . .a
*-
Six-Store Buying Power
||
DOUBLE
BREASTED
oAsk for
" c lhe Lipton"
Some new and dressy
fabrics in rough blue
cheviots. And some in
the hue called "London,
Light", a color that
looks well for evening
wear.,
$ 39 *47 *55 -
V . :
f . .a
*-
Six-Store Buying Power
||
DOUBLE
BREASTED
oAsk for
" c lhe Lipton"
Some new and dressy
fabrics in rough blue
cheviots. And some in
the hue called "London,
Light", a color that
looks well for evening
wear.,
$ 39 *47 *55 -
V . :
f . .a
*-
Six-Store Buying Power
||
DOUBLE
BREASTED
oAsk for
" c lhe Lipton"
Some new and dressy
fabrics in rough blue
cheviots. And some in
the hue called "London,
Light", a color that
looks well for evening
wear.,
$ 39 *47 *55 -
V . :
f . .a
*-
Six-Store Buying Power
||
DOUBLE
BREASTED
oAsk for
" c lhe Lipton"
Some new and dressy
fabrics in rough blue
cheviots. And some in
the hue called "London,
Light", a color that
looks well for evening
wear.,
$ 39 *47 *55 -
V . :
f . .a
*-
Six-Store Buying Power
||
DOUBLE
BREASTED
oAsk for
" c lhe Lipton"
Some new and dressy
fabrics in rough blue
cheviots. And some in
the hue called "London,
Light", a color that
looks well for evening
wear.,
$ 39 *47 *55 -
V . :
f . .a
*-
Six-Store Buying Power
||
DOUBLE
BREASTED
oAsk for
" c lhe Lipton"
Some new and dressy
fabrics in rough blue
cheviots. And some in
the hue called "London,
Light", a color that
looks well for evening
wear.,
$ 39 *47 *55 -
V . :
f . .a
*-
Six-Store Buying Power
||
DOUBLE
BREASTED
oAsk for
" c lhe Lipton"
Some new and dressy
fabrics in rough blue
cheviots. And some in
the hue called "London,
Light", a color that
looks well for evening
wear.,
$ 39 *47 *55 -
V . :
f . .a
*-
Six-Store Buying Power
||
DOUBLE
BREASTED
oAsk for
" c lhe Lipton"
Some new and dressy
fabrics in rough blue
cheviots. And some in
the hue called "London,
Light", a color that
looks well for evening
wear.,
$ 39 *47 *55 -
V . :
f . .a
*-
Six-Store Buying Power
||
