# STANFORD SWIMMERS ENTERED IN A. A. U.
## 
### 
Three Stanford men, Arden Allen,
David Fall, and Carl Stevenson are
entered in the A. A. U. Championships
at Seattle. The contest started yester
day and will end on August 1. AI
White, international high board cham
pion and Stanford graduate, is also
taking part.
Allen is entered in the medley. Ste
venson has signed up for the half mile
and mile, in the latter of which he
took second place in the A. A. U. meet
at San Francisco last spring, but will
probably only compete in the mile.
Fall will compete in the high fancy
diving and the ten-foot springboard
diving contests.
Three Stanford men, Arden Allen,
David Fall, and Carl Stevenson are
entered in the A. A. U. Championships
at Seattle. The contest started yester
day and will end on August 1. AI
White, international high board cham
pion and Stanford graduate, is also
taking part.
Allen is entered in the medley. Ste
venson has signed up for the half mile
and mile, in the latter of which he
took second place in the A. A. U. meet
at San Francisco last spring, but will
probably only compete in the mile.
Fall will compete in the high fancy
diving and the ten-foot springboard
diving contests.
Three Stanford men, Arden Allen,
David Fall, and Carl Stevenson are
entered in the A. A. U. Championships
at Seattle. The contest started yester
day and will end on August 1. AI
White, international high board cham
pion and Stanford graduate, is also
taking part.
Allen is entered in the medley. Ste
venson has signed up for the half mile
and mile, in the latter of which he
took second place in the A. A. U. meet
at San Francisco last spring, but will
probably only compete in the mile.
Fall will compete in the high fancy
diving and the ten-foot springboard
diving contests.
Three Stanford men, Arden Allen,
David Fall, and Carl Stevenson are
entered in the A. A. U. Championships
at Seattle. The contest started yester
day and will end on August 1. AI
White, international high board cham
pion and Stanford graduate, is also
taking part.
Allen is entered in the medley. Ste
venson has signed up for the half mile
and mile, in the latter of which he
took second place in the A. A. U. meet
at San Francisco last spring, but will
probably only compete in the mile.
Fall will compete in the high fancy
diving and the ten-foot springboard
diving contests.
Three Stanford men, Arden Allen,
David Fall, and Carl Stevenson are
entered in the A. A. U. Championships
at Seattle. The contest started yester
day and will end on August 1. AI
White, international high board cham
pion and Stanford graduate, is also
taking part.
Allen is entered in the medley. Ste
venson has signed up for the half mile
and mile, in the latter of which he
took second place in the A. A. U. meet
at San Francisco last spring, but will
probably only compete in the mile.
Fall will compete in the high fancy
diving and the ten-foot springboard
diving contests.
Three Stanford men, Arden Allen,
David Fall, and Carl Stevenson are
entered in the A. A. U. Championships
at Seattle. The contest started yester
day and will end on August 1. AI
White, international high board cham
pion and Stanford graduate, is also
taking part.
Allen is entered in the medley. Ste
venson has signed up for the half mile
and mile, in the latter of which he
took second place in the A. A. U. meet
at San Francisco last spring, but will
probably only compete in the mile.
Fall will compete in the high fancy
diving and the ten-foot springboard
diving contests.
Three Stanford men, Arden Allen,
David Fall, and Carl Stevenson are
entered in the A. A. U. Championships
at Seattle. The contest started yester
day and will end on August 1. AI
White, international high board cham
pion and Stanford graduate, is also
taking part.
Allen is entered in the medley. Ste
venson has signed up for the half mile
and mile, in the latter of which he
took second place in the A. A. U. meet
at San Francisco last spring, but will
probably only compete in the mile.
Fall will compete in the high fancy
diving and the ten-foot springboard
diving contests.
Three Stanford men, Arden Allen,
David Fall, and Carl Stevenson are
entered in the A. A. U. Championships
at Seattle. The contest started yester
day and will end on August 1. AI
White, international high board cham
pion and Stanford graduate, is also
taking part.
Allen is entered in the medley. Ste
venson has signed up for the half mile
and mile, in the latter of which he
took second place in the A. A. U. meet
at San Francisco last spring, but will
probably only compete in the mile.
Fall will compete in the high fancy
diving and the ten-foot springboard
diving contests.
Three Stanford men, Arden Allen,
David Fall, and Carl Stevenson are
entered in the A. A. U. Championships
at Seattle. The contest started yester
day and will end on August 1. AI
White, international high board cham
pion and Stanford graduate, is also
taking part.
Allen is entered in the medley. Ste
venson has signed up for the half mile
and mile, in the latter of which he
took second place in the A. A. U. meet
at San Francisco last spring, but will
probably only compete in the mile.
Fall will compete in the high fancy
diving and the ten-foot springboard
diving contests.
Three Stanford men, Arden Allen,
David Fall, and Carl Stevenson are
entered in the A. A. U. Championships
at Seattle. The contest started yester
day and will end on August 1. AI
White, international high board cham
pion and Stanford graduate, is also
taking part.
Allen is entered in the medley. Ste
venson has signed up for the half mile
and mile, in the latter of which he
took second place in the A. A. U. meet
at San Francisco last spring, but will
probably only compete in the mile.
Fall will compete in the high fancy
diving and the ten-foot springboard
diving contests.
Three Stanford men, Arden Allen,
David Fall, and Carl Stevenson are
entered in the A. A. U. Championships
at Seattle. The contest started yester
day and will end on August 1. AI
White, international high board cham
pion and Stanford graduate, is also
taking part.
Allen is entered in the medley. Ste
venson has signed up for the half mile
and mile, in the latter of which he
took second place in the A. A. U. meet
at San Francisco last spring, but will
probably only compete in the mile.
Fall will compete in the high fancy
diving and the ten-foot springboard
diving contests.
Three Stanford men, Arden Allen,
David Fall, and Carl Stevenson are
entered in the A. A. U. Championships
at Seattle. The contest started yester
day and will end on August 1. AI
White, international high board cham
pion and Stanford graduate, is also
taking part.
Allen is entered in the medley. Ste
venson has signed up for the half mile
and mile, in the latter of which he
took second place in the A. A. U. meet
at San Francisco last spring, but will
probably only compete in the mile.
Fall will compete in the high fancy
diving and the ten-foot springboard
diving contests.
Three Stanford men, Arden Allen,
David Fall, and Carl Stevenson are
entered in the A. A. U. Championships
at Seattle. The contest started yester
day and will end on August 1. AI
White, international high board cham
pion and Stanford graduate, is also
taking part.
Allen is entered in the medley. Ste
venson has signed up for the half mile
and mile, in the latter of which he
took second place in the A. A. U. meet
at San Francisco last spring, but will
probably only compete in the mile.
Fall will compete in the high fancy
diving and the ten-foot springboard
diving contests.
Three Stanford men, Arden Allen,
David Fall, and Carl Stevenson are
entered in the A. A. U. Championships
at Seattle. The contest started yester
day and will end on August 1. AI
White, international high board cham
pion and Stanford graduate, is also
taking part.
Allen is entered in the medley. Ste
venson has signed up for the half mile
and mile, in the latter of which he
took second place in the A. A. U. meet
at San Francisco last spring, but will
probably only compete in the mile.
Fall will compete in the high fancy
diving and the ten-foot springboard
diving contests.
Three Stanford men, Arden Allen,
David Fall, and Carl Stevenson are
entered in the A. A. U. Championships
at Seattle. The contest started yester
day and will end on August 1. AI
White, international high board cham
pion and Stanford graduate, is also
taking part.
Allen is entered in the medley. Ste
venson has signed up for the half mile
and mile, in the latter of which he
took second place in the A. A. U. meet
at San Francisco last spring, but will
probably only compete in the mile.
Fall will compete in the high fancy
diving and the ten-foot springboard
diving contests.
