# For the record
## 
### 
An article in yesterday's Daily
incorrectly stated that the Program
Board's funding passed despite ob
jections that it unfairly denied
money for organizations that lost
special fees as part of larger "um
brella" groups. In fact, the Pro
gram Board funding passed despite
objections that it unfairly gave
money to organizations that lost
special fees as part of larger "um
brella" groups.
I n addition, the article incorrect
ly stated that the senate upheld the
Program Board's decision to deny
funds to any group that received
more than 50 percent of its budget
from another group which also re
ceives funding from the Programs
Board. The decision was made by
the Appropriations Committee.
An article in yesterday's Daily
incorrectly stated that the Program
Board's funding passed despite ob
jections that it unfairly denied
money for organizations that lost
special fees as part of larger "um
brella" groups. In fact, the Pro
gram Board funding passed despite
objections that it unfairly gave
money to organizations that lost
special fees as part of larger "um
brella" groups.
I n addition, the article incorrect
ly stated that the senate upheld the
Program Board's decision to deny
funds to any group that received
more than 50 percent of its budget
from another group which also re
ceives funding from the Programs
Board. The decision was made by
the Appropriations Committee.
An article in yesterday's Daily
incorrectly stated that the Program
Board's funding passed despite ob
jections that it unfairly denied
money for organizations that lost
special fees as part of larger "um
brella" groups. In fact, the Pro
gram Board funding passed despite
objections that it unfairly gave
money to organizations that lost
special fees as part of larger "um
brella" groups.
I n addition, the article incorrect
ly stated that the senate upheld the
Program Board's decision to deny
funds to any group that received
more than 50 percent of its budget
from another group which also re
ceives funding from the Programs
Board. The decision was made by
the Appropriations Committee.
An article in yesterday's Daily
incorrectly stated that the Program
Board's funding passed despite ob
jections that it unfairly denied
money for organizations that lost
special fees as part of larger "um
brella" groups. In fact, the Pro
gram Board funding passed despite
objections that it unfairly gave
money to organizations that lost
special fees as part of larger "um
brella" groups.
I n addition, the article incorrect
ly stated that the senate upheld the
Program Board's decision to deny
funds to any group that received
more than 50 percent of its budget
from another group which also re
ceives funding from the Programs
Board. The decision was made by
the Appropriations Committee.
An article in yesterday's Daily
incorrectly stated that the Program
Board's funding passed despite ob
jections that it unfairly denied
money for organizations that lost
special fees as part of larger "um
brella" groups. In fact, the Pro
gram Board funding passed despite
objections that it unfairly gave
money to organizations that lost
special fees as part of larger "um
brella" groups.
I n addition, the article incorrect
ly stated that the senate upheld the
Program Board's decision to deny
funds to any group that received
more than 50 percent of its budget
from another group which also re
ceives funding from the Programs
Board. The decision was made by
the Appropriations Committee.
