# Winery Operators Want Agreement
## 
### 
FRESNO, Feb. 16 (UP).—A cam
paign to eliminate averted unfair
trade practices by means of an en
forcement bureau to require com
pliance with the State Unfair Prac
tices Act was launched here today
by San Joaquin Valley vintners af
filiated with the California Wine
Institute.
The winery operators and their
representatives, meeting here last
night, voted to ask the Federal
Trade Commission to approve for
mally a code of fair trade practices.
The vintners urged a co-operative
plan for aging wine. Details of the
proposal will be presented at the
fourth annual meetng of the Wine
Institute in San Francisco next
week. Fresno, Madera, Kings, Tu
lare, and Kern Counties were rep
resented at last night's session.
FRESNO, Feb. 16 (UP).—A cam
paign to eliminate averted unfair
trade practices by means of an en
forcement bureau to require com
pliance with the State Unfair Prac
tices Act was launched here today
by San Joaquin Valley vintners af
filiated with the California Wine
Institute.
The winery operators and their
representatives, meeting here last
night, voted to ask the Federal
Trade Commission to approve for
mally a code of fair trade practices.
The vintners urged a co-operative
plan for aging wine. Details of the
proposal will be presented at the
fourth annual meetng of the Wine
Institute in San Francisco next
week. Fresno, Madera, Kings, Tu
lare, and Kern Counties were rep
resented at last night's session.
FRESNO, Feb. 16 (UP).—A cam
paign to eliminate averted unfair
trade practices by means of an en
forcement bureau to require com
pliance with the State Unfair Prac
tices Act was launched here today
by San Joaquin Valley vintners af
filiated with the California Wine
Institute.
The winery operators and their
representatives, meeting here last
night, voted to ask the Federal
Trade Commission to approve for
mally a code of fair trade practices.
The vintners urged a co-operative
plan for aging wine. Details of the
proposal will be presented at the
fourth annual meetng of the Wine
Institute in San Francisco next
week. Fresno, Madera, Kings, Tu
lare, and Kern Counties were rep
resented at last night's session.
FRESNO, Feb. 16 (UP).—A cam
paign to eliminate averted unfair
trade practices by means of an en
forcement bureau to require com
pliance with the State Unfair Prac
tices Act was launched here today
by San Joaquin Valley vintners af
filiated with the California Wine
Institute.
The winery operators and their
representatives, meeting here last
night, voted to ask the Federal
Trade Commission to approve for
mally a code of fair trade practices.
The vintners urged a co-operative
plan for aging wine. Details of the
proposal will be presented at the
fourth annual meetng of the Wine
Institute in San Francisco next
week. Fresno, Madera, Kings, Tu
lare, and Kern Counties were rep
resented at last night's session.
FRESNO, Feb. 16 (UP).—A cam
paign to eliminate averted unfair
trade practices by means of an en
forcement bureau to require com
pliance with the State Unfair Prac
tices Act was launched here today
by San Joaquin Valley vintners af
filiated with the California Wine
Institute.
The winery operators and their
representatives, meeting here last
night, voted to ask the Federal
Trade Commission to approve for
mally a code of fair trade practices.
The vintners urged a co-operative
plan for aging wine. Details of the
proposal will be presented at the
fourth annual meetng of the Wine
Institute in San Francisco next
week. Fresno, Madera, Kings, Tu
lare, and Kern Counties were rep
resented at last night's session.
FRESNO, Feb. 16 (UP).—A cam
paign to eliminate averted unfair
trade practices by means of an en
forcement bureau to require com
pliance with the State Unfair Prac
tices Act was launched here today
by San Joaquin Valley vintners af
filiated with the California Wine
Institute.
The winery operators and their
representatives, meeting here last
night, voted to ask the Federal
Trade Commission to approve for
mally a code of fair trade practices.
The vintners urged a co-operative
plan for aging wine. Details of the
proposal will be presented at the
fourth annual meetng of the Wine
Institute in San Francisco next
week. Fresno, Madera, Kings, Tu
lare, and Kern Counties were rep
resented at last night's session.
FRESNO, Feb. 16 (UP).—A cam
paign to eliminate averted unfair
trade practices by means of an en
forcement bureau to require com
pliance with the State Unfair Prac
tices Act was launched here today
by San Joaquin Valley vintners af
filiated with the California Wine
Institute.
The winery operators and their
representatives, meeting here last
night, voted to ask the Federal
Trade Commission to approve for
mally a code of fair trade practices.
The vintners urged a co-operative
plan for aging wine. Details of the
proposal will be presented at the
fourth annual meetng of the Wine
Institute in San Francisco next
week. Fresno, Madera, Kings, Tu
lare, and Kern Counties were rep
resented at last night's session.
FRESNO, Feb. 16 (UP).—A cam
paign to eliminate averted unfair
trade practices by means of an en
forcement bureau to require com
pliance with the State Unfair Prac
tices Act was launched here today
by San Joaquin Valley vintners af
filiated with the California Wine
Institute.
The winery operators and their
representatives, meeting here last
night, voted to ask the Federal
Trade Commission to approve for
mally a code of fair trade practices.
The vintners urged a co-operative
plan for aging wine. Details of the
proposal will be presented at the
fourth annual meetng of the Wine
Institute in San Francisco next
week. Fresno, Madera, Kings, Tu
lare, and Kern Counties were rep
resented at last night's session.
FRESNO, Feb. 16 (UP).—A cam
paign to eliminate averted unfair
trade practices by means of an en
forcement bureau to require com
pliance with the State Unfair Prac
tices Act was launched here today
by San Joaquin Valley vintners af
filiated with the California Wine
Institute.
The winery operators and their
representatives, meeting here last
night, voted to ask the Federal
Trade Commission to approve for
mally a code of fair trade practices.
The vintners urged a co-operative
plan for aging wine. Details of the
proposal will be presented at the
fourth annual meetng of the Wine
Institute in San Francisco next
week. Fresno, Madera, Kings, Tu
lare, and Kern Counties were rep
resented at last night's session.
FRESNO, Feb. 16 (UP).—A cam
paign to eliminate averted unfair
trade practices by means of an en
forcement bureau to require com
pliance with the State Unfair Prac
tices Act was launched here today
by San Joaquin Valley vintners af
filiated with the California Wine
Institute.
The winery operators and their
representatives, meeting here last
night, voted to ask the Federal
Trade Commission to approve for
mally a code of fair trade practices.
The vintners urged a co-operative
plan for aging wine. Details of the
proposal will be presented at the
fourth annual meetng of the Wine
Institute in San Francisco next
week. Fresno, Madera, Kings, Tu
lare, and Kern Counties were rep
resented at last night's session.
FRESNO, Feb. 16 (UP).—A cam
paign to eliminate averted unfair
trade practices by means of an en
forcement bureau to require com
pliance with the State Unfair Prac
tices Act was launched here today
by San Joaquin Valley vintners af
filiated with the California Wine
Institute.
The winery operators and their
representatives, meeting here last
night, voted to ask the Federal
Trade Commission to approve for
mally a code of fair trade practices.
The vintners urged a co-operative
plan for aging wine. Details of the
proposal will be presented at the
fourth annual meetng of the Wine
Institute in San Francisco next
week. Fresno, Madera, Kings, Tu
lare, and Kern Counties were rep
resented at last night's session.
FRESNO, Feb. 16 (UP).—A cam
paign to eliminate averted unfair
trade practices by means of an en
forcement bureau to require com
pliance with the State Unfair Prac
tices Act was launched here today
by San Joaquin Valley vintners af
filiated with the California Wine
Institute.
The winery operators and their
representatives, meeting here last
night, voted to ask the Federal
Trade Commission to approve for
mally a code of fair trade practices.
The vintners urged a co-operative
plan for aging wine. Details of the
proposal will be presented at the
fourth annual meetng of the Wine
Institute in San Francisco next
week. Fresno, Madera, Kings, Tu
lare, and Kern Counties were rep
resented at last night's session.
FRESNO, Feb. 16 (UP).—A cam
paign to eliminate averted unfair
trade practices by means of an en
forcement bureau to require com
pliance with the State Unfair Prac
tices Act was launched here today
by San Joaquin Valley vintners af
filiated with the California Wine
Institute.
The winery operators and their
representatives, meeting here last
night, voted to ask the Federal
Trade Commission to approve for
mally a code of fair trade practices.
The vintners urged a co-operative
plan for aging wine. Details of the
proposal will be presented at the
fourth annual meetng of the Wine
Institute in San Francisco next
week. Fresno, Madera, Kings, Tu
lare, and Kern Counties were rep
resented at last night's session.
FRESNO, Feb. 16 (UP).—A cam
paign to eliminate averted unfair
trade practices by means of an en
forcement bureau to require com
pliance with the State Unfair Prac
tices Act was launched here today
by San Joaquin Valley vintners af
filiated with the California Wine
Institute.
The winery operators and their
representatives, meeting here last
night, voted to ask the Federal
Trade Commission to approve for
mally a code of fair trade practices.
The vintners urged a co-operative
plan for aging wine. Details of the
proposal will be presented at the
fourth annual meetng of the Wine
Institute in San Francisco next
week. Fresno, Madera, Kings, Tu
lare, and Kern Counties were rep
resented at last night's session.
FRESNO, Feb. 16 (UP).—A cam
paign to eliminate averted unfair
trade practices by means of an en
forcement bureau to require com
pliance with the State Unfair Prac
tices Act was launched here today
by San Joaquin Valley vintners af
filiated with the California Wine
Institute.
The winery operators and their
representatives, meeting here last
night, voted to ask the Federal
Trade Commission to approve for
mally a code of fair trade practices.
The vintners urged a co-operative
plan for aging wine. Details of the
proposal will be presented at the
fourth annual meetng of the Wine
Institute in San Francisco next
week. Fresno, Madera, Kings, Tu
lare, and Kern Counties were rep
resented at last night's session.
