# To Entertain Visitors.
## 
### 
The Stanford Chapter of the Cos
mopolitan club will entertain the Cal
ifornia Chapter at a picnic and lunch
eon here on the day of the Stanford-
California game.
The Stanford Chapter of the Cos
mopolitan club will entertain the Cal
ifornia Chapter at a picnic and lunch
eon here on the day of the Stanford-
California game.
The Stanford Chapter of the Cos
mopolitan club will entertain the Cal
ifornia Chapter at a picnic and lunch
eon here on the day of the Stanford-
California game.
The Stanford Chapter of the Cos
mopolitan club will entertain the Cal
ifornia Chapter at a picnic and lunch
eon here on the day of the Stanford-
California game.
The Stanford Chapter of the Cos
mopolitan club will entertain the Cal
ifornia Chapter at a picnic and lunch
eon here on the day of the Stanford-
California game.
The Stanford Chapter of the Cos
mopolitan club will entertain the Cal
ifornia Chapter at a picnic and lunch
eon here on the day of the Stanford-
California game.
The Stanford Chapter of the Cos
mopolitan club will entertain the Cal
ifornia Chapter at a picnic and lunch
eon here on the day of the Stanford-
California game.
The Stanford Chapter of the Cos
mopolitan club will entertain the Cal
ifornia Chapter at a picnic and lunch
eon here on the day of the Stanford-
California game.
The Stanford Chapter of the Cos
mopolitan club will entertain the Cal
ifornia Chapter at a picnic and lunch
eon here on the day of the Stanford-
California game.
The Stanford Chapter of the Cos
mopolitan club will entertain the Cal
ifornia Chapter at a picnic and lunch
eon here on the day of the Stanford-
California game.
The Stanford Chapter of the Cos
mopolitan club will entertain the Cal
ifornia Chapter at a picnic and lunch
eon here on the day of the Stanford-
California game.
The Stanford Chapter of the Cos
mopolitan club will entertain the Cal
ifornia Chapter at a picnic and lunch
eon here on the day of the Stanford-
California game.
The Stanford Chapter of the Cos
mopolitan club will entertain the Cal
ifornia Chapter at a picnic and lunch
eon here on the day of the Stanford-
California game.
The Stanford Chapter of the Cos
mopolitan club will entertain the Cal
ifornia Chapter at a picnic and lunch
eon here on the day of the Stanford-
California game.
