# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The abolishment of the "Tango" is
favored by the co-eds at Illinois.
The abolishment of the "Tango" is
favored by the co-eds at Illinois.
The abolishment of the "Tango" is
favored by the co-eds at Illinois.
The abolishment of the "Tango" is
favored by the co-eds at Illinois.
The abolishment of the "Tango" is
favored by the co-eds at Illinois.
The abolishment of the "Tango" is
favored by the co-eds at Illinois.
The abolishment of the "Tango" is
favored by the co-eds at Illinois.
The abolishment of the "Tango" is
favored by the co-eds at Illinois.
The abolishment of the "Tango" is
favored by the co-eds at Illinois.
The abolishment of the "Tango" is
favored by the co-eds at Illinois.
The abolishment of the "Tango" is
favored by the co-eds at Illinois.
The abolishment of the "Tango" is
favored by the co-eds at Illinois.
The abolishment of the "Tango" is
favored by the co-eds at Illinois.
The abolishment of the "Tango" is
favored by the co-eds at Illinois.
