# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Stanford band will go to San
Francisco tomorrow afternoon at the
invitation of the Portola Committee to
play at the rugby games in the Golden
Gate Park.
The Stanford band will go to San
Francisco tomorrow afternoon at the
invitation of the Portola Committee to
play at the rugby games in the Golden
Gate Park.
The Stanford band will go to San
Francisco tomorrow afternoon at the
invitation of the Portola Committee to
play at the rugby games in the Golden
Gate Park.
The Stanford band will go to San
Francisco tomorrow afternoon at the
invitation of the Portola Committee to
play at the rugby games in the Golden
Gate Park.
The Stanford band will go to San
Francisco tomorrow afternoon at the
invitation of the Portola Committee to
play at the rugby games in the Golden
Gate Park.
The Stanford band will go to San
Francisco tomorrow afternoon at the
invitation of the Portola Committee to
play at the rugby games in the Golden
Gate Park.
The Stanford band will go to San
Francisco tomorrow afternoon at the
invitation of the Portola Committee to
play at the rugby games in the Golden
Gate Park.
The Stanford band will go to San
Francisco tomorrow afternoon at the
invitation of the Portola Committee to
play at the rugby games in the Golden
Gate Park.
The Stanford band will go to San
Francisco tomorrow afternoon at the
invitation of the Portola Committee to
play at the rugby games in the Golden
Gate Park.
The Stanford band will go to San
Francisco tomorrow afternoon at the
invitation of the Portola Committee to
play at the rugby games in the Golden
Gate Park.
The Stanford band will go to San
Francisco tomorrow afternoon at the
invitation of the Portola Committee to
play at the rugby games in the Golden
Gate Park.
The Stanford band will go to San
Francisco tomorrow afternoon at the
invitation of the Portola Committee to
play at the rugby games in the Golden
Gate Park.
The Stanford band will go to San
Francisco tomorrow afternoon at the
invitation of the Portola Committee to
play at the rugby games in the Golden
Gate Park.
The Stanford band will go to San
Francisco tomorrow afternoon at the
invitation of the Portola Committee to
play at the rugby games in the Golden
Gate Park.
