# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Freshmen have been barred from
intercollegiate teams at Pomona Col
lege.
Freshmen have been barred from
intercollegiate teams at Pomona Col
lege.
Freshmen have been barred from
intercollegiate teams at Pomona Col
lege.
Freshmen have been barred from
intercollegiate teams at Pomona Col
lege.
Freshmen have been barred from
intercollegiate teams at Pomona Col
lege.
Freshmen have been barred from
intercollegiate teams at Pomona Col
lege.
Freshmen have been barred from
intercollegiate teams at Pomona Col
lege.
Freshmen have been barred from
intercollegiate teams at Pomona Col
lege.
Freshmen have been barred from
intercollegiate teams at Pomona Col
lege.
Freshmen have been barred from
intercollegiate teams at Pomona Col
lege.
Freshmen have been barred from
intercollegiate teams at Pomona Col
lege.
Freshmen have been barred from
intercollegiate teams at Pomona Col
lege.
Freshmen have been barred from
intercollegiate teams at Pomona Col
lege.
Freshmen have been barred from
intercollegiate teams at Pomona Col
lege.
