# PROFESSOR HYDE MAY BE SENATE CANDIDATE
## 
### 
Professor James M. Hyde, professor
of metallurgy at Stanford University,
said this week that he has under con
sideration a proposal to declare his
candidacy for the United States Senate
at an early date.
Professor Hyde was actively inter
ested in the senatorial campaign of
Charles C. Moore of San Francisco a
few years ago, touring the state in
Moore's behalf. ,

A literary publication, called the
McGill Fortnightly Review, is being
established at McGill University.
Professor James M. Hyde, professor
of metallurgy at Stanford University,
said this week that he has under con
sideration a proposal to declare his
candidacy for the United States Senate
at an early date.
Professor Hyde was actively inter
ested in the senatorial campaign of
Charles C. Moore of San Francisco a
few years ago, touring the state in
Moore's behalf. ,

A literary publication, called the
McGill Fortnightly Review, is being
established at McGill University.
Professor James M. Hyde, professor
of metallurgy at Stanford University,
said this week that he has under con
sideration a proposal to declare his
candidacy for the United States Senate
at an early date.
Professor Hyde was actively inter
ested in the senatorial campaign of
Charles C. Moore of San Francisco a
few years ago, touring the state in
Moore's behalf. ,

A literary publication, called the
McGill Fortnightly Review, is being
established at McGill University.
Professor James M. Hyde, professor
of metallurgy at Stanford University,
said this week that he has under con
sideration a proposal to declare his
candidacy for the United States Senate
at an early date.
Professor Hyde was actively inter
ested in the senatorial campaign of
Charles C. Moore of San Francisco a
few years ago, touring the state in
Moore's behalf. ,

A literary publication, called the
McGill Fortnightly Review, is being
established at McGill University.
Professor James M. Hyde, professor
of metallurgy at Stanford University,
said this week that he has under con
sideration a proposal to declare his
candidacy for the United States Senate
at an early date.
Professor Hyde was actively inter
ested in the senatorial campaign of
Charles C. Moore of San Francisco a
few years ago, touring the state in
Moore's behalf. ,

A literary publication, called the
McGill Fortnightly Review, is being
established at McGill University.
Professor James M. Hyde, professor
of metallurgy at Stanford University,
said this week that he has under con
sideration a proposal to declare his
candidacy for the United States Senate
at an early date.
Professor Hyde was actively inter
ested in the senatorial campaign of
Charles C. Moore of San Francisco a
few years ago, touring the state in
Moore's behalf. ,

A literary publication, called the
McGill Fortnightly Review, is being
established at McGill University.
Professor James M. Hyde, professor
of metallurgy at Stanford University,
said this week that he has under con
sideration a proposal to declare his
candidacy for the United States Senate
at an early date.
Professor Hyde was actively inter
ested in the senatorial campaign of
Charles C. Moore of San Francisco a
few years ago, touring the state in
Moore's behalf. ,

A literary publication, called the
McGill Fortnightly Review, is being
established at McGill University.
Professor James M. Hyde, professor
of metallurgy at Stanford University,
said this week that he has under con
sideration a proposal to declare his
candidacy for the United States Senate
at an early date.
Professor Hyde was actively inter
ested in the senatorial campaign of
Charles C. Moore of San Francisco a
few years ago, touring the state in
Moore's behalf. ,

A literary publication, called the
McGill Fortnightly Review, is being
established at McGill University.
Professor James M. Hyde, professor
of metallurgy at Stanford University,
said this week that he has under con
sideration a proposal to declare his
candidacy for the United States Senate
at an early date.
Professor Hyde was actively inter
ested in the senatorial campaign of
Charles C. Moore of San Francisco a
few years ago, touring the state in
Moore's behalf. ,

A literary publication, called the
McGill Fortnightly Review, is being
established at McGill University.
Professor James M. Hyde, professor
of metallurgy at Stanford University,
said this week that he has under con
sideration a proposal to declare his
candidacy for the United States Senate
at an early date.
Professor Hyde was actively inter
ested in the senatorial campaign of
Charles C. Moore of San Francisco a
few years ago, touring the state in
Moore's behalf. ,

A literary publication, called the
McGill Fortnightly Review, is being
established at McGill University.
Professor James M. Hyde, professor
of metallurgy at Stanford University,
said this week that he has under con
sideration a proposal to declare his
candidacy for the United States Senate
at an early date.
Professor Hyde was actively inter
ested in the senatorial campaign of
Charles C. Moore of San Francisco a
few years ago, touring the state in
Moore's behalf. ,

A literary publication, called the
McGill Fortnightly Review, is being
established at McGill University.
Professor James M. Hyde, professor
of metallurgy at Stanford University,
said this week that he has under con
sideration a proposal to declare his
candidacy for the United States Senate
at an early date.
Professor Hyde was actively inter
ested in the senatorial campaign of
Charles C. Moore of San Francisco a
few years ago, touring the state in
Moore's behalf. ,

A literary publication, called the
McGill Fortnightly Review, is being
established at McGill University.
Professor James M. Hyde, professor
of metallurgy at Stanford University,
said this week that he has under con
sideration a proposal to declare his
candidacy for the United States Senate
at an early date.
Professor Hyde was actively inter
ested in the senatorial campaign of
Charles C. Moore of San Francisco a
few years ago, touring the state in
Moore's behalf. ,

A literary publication, called the
McGill Fortnightly Review, is being
established at McGill University.
Professor James M. Hyde, professor
of metallurgy at Stanford University,
said this week that he has under con
sideration a proposal to declare his
candidacy for the United States Senate
at an early date.
Professor Hyde was actively inter
ested in the senatorial campaign of
Charles C. Moore of San Francisco a
few years ago, touring the state in
Moore's behalf. ,

A literary publication, called the
McGill Fortnightly Review, is being
established at McGill University.
Professor James M. Hyde, professor
of metallurgy at Stanford University,
said this week that he has under con
sideration a proposal to declare his
candidacy for the United States Senate
at an early date.
Professor Hyde was actively inter
ested in the senatorial campaign of
Charles C. Moore of San Francisco a
few years ago, touring the state in
Moore's behalf. ,

A literary publication, called the
McGill Fortnightly Review, is being
established at McGill University.
