# DATE OF STANFORD, U. C. CROSS-COUNTRY CONTEST CHANGED
## 
### 
Date of the Stanford-California
cross-country run has been changed;
from Nov. 21 to Dec. 2, it was an
nounced yesterday. The meet had i
originally been planned for the morn-1
ing of the Big Game, but because many ,
of the runners had other arrangements |
for that day, the postponement was
necessary.
In the past, the run has been held
on the Wednesday succeeding Thanks-j
giving Day, and as plans now stand, J
this custom will be continued this
year.
The run will be held over a course
which differs slightly from that used
here in the past. The race will begin ,
and end at the Phi Delta Theta house, ■
instead of at the stadium track, as in
the past. This change will the course
approximately one mile shorter. The j
run will now be about four and one-1
half miles long.
Efforts are being made to arrange
practice runs for the Card team before 1
the meet with California. Plans to j
bring the Sherman Indian School team
! here have been abandoned, but meets j
j with the Humboldt Athletic Club and
the Olympic Club are practically as-1
sured. No dates have as yet been set j
for these runs.
The Stanford team has developed
rapidly this year, and with Captain
Bill Kerr as the individual star, pre
sents a strong lineup. The Cards arc
favored to defeat California again this
season, but the Olympic Club is be
lieved to be capable of downing Kerr's
team. Little is known of the Humboldt
runners.
Date of the Stanford-California
cross-country run has been changed;
from Nov. 21 to Dec. 2, it was an
nounced yesterday. The meet had i
originally been planned for the morn-1
ing of the Big Game, but because many ,
of the runners had other arrangements |
for that day, the postponement was
necessary.
In the past, the run has been held
on the Wednesday succeeding Thanks-j
giving Day, and as plans now stand, J
this custom will be continued this
year.
The run will be held over a course
which differs slightly from that used
here in the past. The race will begin ,
and end at the Phi Delta Theta house, ■
instead of at the stadium track, as in
the past. This change will the course
approximately one mile shorter. The j
run will now be about four and one-1
half miles long.
Efforts are being made to arrange
practice runs for the Card team before 1
the meet with California. Plans to j
bring the Sherman Indian School team
! here have been abandoned, but meets j
j with the Humboldt Athletic Club and
the Olympic Club are practically as-1
sured. No dates have as yet been set j
for these runs.
The Stanford team has developed
rapidly this year, and with Captain
Bill Kerr as the individual star, pre
sents a strong lineup. The Cards arc
favored to defeat California again this
season, but the Olympic Club is be
lieved to be capable of downing Kerr's
team. Little is known of the Humboldt
runners.
Date of the Stanford-California
cross-country run has been changed;
from Nov. 21 to Dec. 2, it was an
nounced yesterday. The meet had i
originally been planned for the morn-1
ing of the Big Game, but because many ,
of the runners had other arrangements |
for that day, the postponement was
necessary.
In the past, the run has been held
on the Wednesday succeeding Thanks-j
giving Day, and as plans now stand, J
this custom will be continued this
year.
The run will be held over a course
which differs slightly from that used
here in the past. The race will begin ,
and end at the Phi Delta Theta house, ■
instead of at the stadium track, as in
the past. This change will the course
approximately one mile shorter. The j
run will now be about four and one-1
half miles long.
Efforts are being made to arrange
practice runs for the Card team before 1
the meet with California. Plans to j
bring the Sherman Indian School team
! here have been abandoned, but meets j
j with the Humboldt Athletic Club and
the Olympic Club are practically as-1
sured. No dates have as yet been set j
for these runs.
The Stanford team has developed
rapidly this year, and with Captain
Bill Kerr as the individual star, pre
sents a strong lineup. The Cards arc
favored to defeat California again this
season, but the Olympic Club is be
lieved to be capable of downing Kerr's
team. Little is known of the Humboldt
runners.
Date of the Stanford-California
cross-country run has been changed;
from Nov. 21 to Dec. 2, it was an
nounced yesterday. The meet had i
originally been planned for the morn-1
ing of the Big Game, but because many ,
of the runners had other arrangements |
for that day, the postponement was
necessary.
In the past, the run has been held
on the Wednesday succeeding Thanks-j
giving Day, and as plans now stand, J
this custom will be continued this
year.
The run will be held over a course
which differs slightly from that used
here in the past. The race will begin ,
and end at the Phi Delta Theta house, ■
instead of at the stadium track, as in
the past. This change will the course
approximately one mile shorter. The j
run will now be about four and one-1
half miles long.
Efforts are being made to arrange
practice runs for the Card team before 1
the meet with California. Plans to j
bring the Sherman Indian School team
! here have been abandoned, but meets j
j with the Humboldt Athletic Club and
the Olympic Club are practically as-1
sured. No dates have as yet been set j
for these runs.
The Stanford team has developed
rapidly this year, and with Captain
Bill Kerr as the individual star, pre
sents a strong lineup. The Cards arc
favored to defeat California again this
season, but the Olympic Club is be
lieved to be capable of downing Kerr's
team. Little is known of the Humboldt
runners.
Date of the Stanford-California
cross-country run has been changed;
from Nov. 21 to Dec. 2, it was an
nounced yesterday. The meet had i
originally been planned for the morn-1
ing of the Big Game, but because many ,
of the runners had other arrangements |
for that day, the postponement was
necessary.
In the past, the run has been held
on the Wednesday succeeding Thanks-j
giving Day, and as plans now stand, J
this custom will be continued this
year.
The run will be held over a course
which differs slightly from that used
here in the past. The race will begin ,
and end at the Phi Delta Theta house, ■
instead of at the stadium track, as in
the past. This change will the course
approximately one mile shorter. The j
run will now be about four and one-1
half miles long.
Efforts are being made to arrange
practice runs for the Card team before 1
the meet with California. Plans to j
bring the Sherman Indian School team
! here have been abandoned, but meets j
j with the Humboldt Athletic Club and
the Olympic Club are practically as-1
sured. No dates have as yet been set j
for these runs.
The Stanford team has developed
rapidly this year, and with Captain
Bill Kerr as the individual star, pre
sents a strong lineup. The Cards arc
favored to defeat California again this
season, but the Olympic Club is be
lieved to be capable of downing Kerr's
team. Little is known of the Humboldt
runners.
Date of the Stanford-California
cross-country run has been changed;
from Nov. 21 to Dec. 2, it was an
nounced yesterday. The meet had i
originally been planned for the morn-1
ing of the Big Game, but because many ,
of the runners had other arrangements |
for that day, the postponement was
necessary.
In the past, the run has been held
on the Wednesday succeeding Thanks-j
giving Day, and as plans now stand, J
this custom will be continued this
year.
The run will be held over a course
which differs slightly from that used
here in the past. The race will begin ,
and end at the Phi Delta Theta house, ■
instead of at the stadium track, as in
the past. This change will the course
approximately one mile shorter. The j
run will now be about four and one-1
half miles long.
Efforts are being made to arrange
practice runs for the Card team before 1
the meet with California. Plans to j
bring the Sherman Indian School team
! here have been abandoned, but meets j
j with the Humboldt Athletic Club and
the Olympic Club are practically as-1
sured. No dates have as yet been set j
for these runs.
The Stanford team has developed
rapidly this year, and with Captain
Bill Kerr as the individual star, pre
sents a strong lineup. The Cards arc
favored to defeat California again this
season, but the Olympic Club is be
lieved to be capable of downing Kerr's
team. Little is known of the Humboldt
runners.
Date of the Stanford-California
cross-country run has been changed;
from Nov. 21 to Dec. 2, it was an
nounced yesterday. The meet had i
originally been planned for the morn-1
ing of the Big Game, but because many ,
of the runners had other arrangements |
for that day, the postponement was
necessary.
In the past, the run has been held
on the Wednesday succeeding Thanks-j
giving Day, and as plans now stand, J
this custom will be continued this
year.
The run will be held over a course
which differs slightly from that used
here in the past. The race will begin ,
and end at the Phi Delta Theta house, ■
instead of at the stadium track, as in
the past. This change will the course
approximately one mile shorter. The j
run will now be about four and one-1
half miles long.
Efforts are being made to arrange
practice runs for the Card team before 1
the meet with California. Plans to j
bring the Sherman Indian School team
! here have been abandoned, but meets j
j with the Humboldt Athletic Club and
the Olympic Club are practically as-1
sured. No dates have as yet been set j
for these runs.
The Stanford team has developed
rapidly this year, and with Captain
Bill Kerr as the individual star, pre
sents a strong lineup. The Cards arc
favored to defeat California again this
season, but the Olympic Club is be
lieved to be capable of downing Kerr's
team. Little is known of the Humboldt
runners.
Date of the Stanford-California
cross-country run has been changed;
from Nov. 21 to Dec. 2, it was an
nounced yesterday. The meet had i
originally been planned for the morn-1
ing of the Big Game, but because many ,
of the runners had other arrangements |
for that day, the postponement was
necessary.
In the past, the run has been held
on the Wednesday succeeding Thanks-j
giving Day, and as plans now stand, J
this custom will be continued this
year.
The run will be held over a course
which differs slightly from that used
here in the past. The race will begin ,
and end at the Phi Delta Theta house, ■
instead of at the stadium track, as in
the past. This change will the course
approximately one mile shorter. The j
run will now be about four and one-1
half miles long.
Efforts are being made to arrange
practice runs for the Card team before 1
the meet with California. Plans to j
bring the Sherman Indian School team
! here have been abandoned, but meets j
j with the Humboldt Athletic Club and
the Olympic Club are practically as-1
sured. No dates have as yet been set j
for these runs.
The Stanford team has developed
rapidly this year, and with Captain
Bill Kerr as the individual star, pre
sents a strong lineup. The Cards arc
favored to defeat California again this
season, but the Olympic Club is be
lieved to be capable of downing Kerr's
team. Little is known of the Humboldt
runners.
Date of the Stanford-California
cross-country run has been changed;
from Nov. 21 to Dec. 2, it was an
nounced yesterday. The meet had i
originally been planned for the morn-1
ing of the Big Game, but because many ,
of the runners had other arrangements |
for that day, the postponement was
necessary.
In the past, the run has been held
on the Wednesday succeeding Thanks-j
giving Day, and as plans now stand, J
this custom will be continued this
year.
The run will be held over a course
which differs slightly from that used
here in the past. The race will begin ,
and end at the Phi Delta Theta house, ■
instead of at the stadium track, as in
the past. This change will the course
approximately one mile shorter. The j
run will now be about four and one-1
half miles long.
Efforts are being made to arrange
practice runs for the Card team before 1
the meet with California. Plans to j
bring the Sherman Indian School team
! here have been abandoned, but meets j
j with the Humboldt Athletic Club and
the Olympic Club are practically as-1
sured. No dates have as yet been set j
for these runs.
The Stanford team has developed
rapidly this year, and with Captain
Bill Kerr as the individual star, pre
sents a strong lineup. The Cards arc
favored to defeat California again this
season, but the Olympic Club is be
lieved to be capable of downing Kerr's
team. Little is known of the Humboldt
runners.
Date of the Stanford-California
cross-country run has been changed;
from Nov. 21 to Dec. 2, it was an
nounced yesterday. The meet had i
originally been planned for the morn-1
ing of the Big Game, but because many ,
of the runners had other arrangements |
for that day, the postponement was
necessary.
In the past, the run has been held
on the Wednesday succeeding Thanks-j
giving Day, and as plans now stand, J
this custom will be continued this
year.
The run will be held over a course
which differs slightly from that used
here in the past. The race will begin ,
and end at the Phi Delta Theta house, ■
instead of at the stadium track, as in
the past. This change will the course
approximately one mile shorter. The j
run will now be about four and one-1
half miles long.
Efforts are being made to arrange
practice runs for the Card team before 1
the meet with California. Plans to j
bring the Sherman Indian School team
! here have been abandoned, but meets j
j with the Humboldt Athletic Club and
the Olympic Club are practically as-1
sured. No dates have as yet been set j
for these runs.
The Stanford team has developed
rapidly this year, and with Captain
Bill Kerr as the individual star, pre
sents a strong lineup. The Cards arc
favored to defeat California again this
season, but the Olympic Club is be
lieved to be capable of downing Kerr's
team. Little is known of the Humboldt
runners.
Date of the Stanford-California
cross-country run has been changed;
from Nov. 21 to Dec. 2, it was an
nounced yesterday. The meet had i
originally been planned for the morn-1
ing of the Big Game, but because many ,
of the runners had other arrangements |
for that day, the postponement was
necessary.
In the past, the run has been held
on the Wednesday succeeding Thanks-j
giving Day, and as plans now stand, J
this custom will be continued this
year.
The run will be held over a course
which differs slightly from that used
here in the past. The race will begin ,
and end at the Phi Delta Theta house, ■
instead of at the stadium track, as in
the past. This change will the course
approximately one mile shorter. The j
run will now be about four and one-1
half miles long.
Efforts are being made to arrange
practice runs for the Card team before 1
the meet with California. Plans to j
bring the Sherman Indian School team
! here have been abandoned, but meets j
j with the Humboldt Athletic Club and
the Olympic Club are practically as-1
sured. No dates have as yet been set j
for these runs.
The Stanford team has developed
rapidly this year, and with Captain
Bill Kerr as the individual star, pre
sents a strong lineup. The Cards arc
favored to defeat California again this
season, but the Olympic Club is be
lieved to be capable of downing Kerr's
team. Little is known of the Humboldt
runners.
Date of the Stanford-California
cross-country run has been changed;
from Nov. 21 to Dec. 2, it was an
nounced yesterday. The meet had i
originally been planned for the morn-1
ing of the Big Game, but because many ,
of the runners had other arrangements |
for that day, the postponement was
necessary.
In the past, the run has been held
on the Wednesday succeeding Thanks-j
giving Day, and as plans now stand, J
this custom will be continued this
year.
The run will be held over a course
which differs slightly from that used
here in the past. The race will begin ,
and end at the Phi Delta Theta house, ■
instead of at the stadium track, as in
the past. This change will the course
approximately one mile shorter. The j
run will now be about four and one-1
half miles long.
Efforts are being made to arrange
practice runs for the Card team before 1
the meet with California. Plans to j
bring the Sherman Indian School team
! here have been abandoned, but meets j
j with the Humboldt Athletic Club and
the Olympic Club are practically as-1
sured. No dates have as yet been set j
for these runs.
The Stanford team has developed
rapidly this year, and with Captain
Bill Kerr as the individual star, pre
sents a strong lineup. The Cards arc
favored to defeat California again this
season, but the Olympic Club is be
lieved to be capable of downing Kerr's
team. Little is known of the Humboldt
runners.
Date of the Stanford-California
cross-country run has been changed;
from Nov. 21 to Dec. 2, it was an
nounced yesterday. The meet had i
originally been planned for the morn-1
ing of the Big Game, but because many ,
of the runners had other arrangements |
for that day, the postponement was
necessary.
In the past, the run has been held
on the Wednesday succeeding Thanks-j
giving Day, and as plans now stand, J
this custom will be continued this
year.
The run will be held over a course
which differs slightly from that used
here in the past. The race will begin ,
and end at the Phi Delta Theta house, ■
instead of at the stadium track, as in
the past. This change will the course
approximately one mile shorter. The j
run will now be about four and one-1
half miles long.
Efforts are being made to arrange
practice runs for the Card team before 1
the meet with California. Plans to j
bring the Sherman Indian School team
! here have been abandoned, but meets j
j with the Humboldt Athletic Club and
the Olympic Club are practically as-1
sured. No dates have as yet been set j
for these runs.
The Stanford team has developed
rapidly this year, and with Captain
Bill Kerr as the individual star, pre
sents a strong lineup. The Cards arc
favored to defeat California again this
season, but the Olympic Club is be
lieved to be capable of downing Kerr's
team. Little is known of the Humboldt
runners.
Date of the Stanford-California
cross-country run has been changed;
from Nov. 21 to Dec. 2, it was an
nounced yesterday. The meet had i
originally been planned for the morn-1
ing of the Big Game, but because many ,
of the runners had other arrangements |
for that day, the postponement was
necessary.
In the past, the run has been held
on the Wednesday succeeding Thanks-j
giving Day, and as plans now stand, J
this custom will be continued this
year.
The run will be held over a course
which differs slightly from that used
here in the past. The race will begin ,
and end at the Phi Delta Theta house, ■
instead of at the stadium track, as in
the past. This change will the course
approximately one mile shorter. The j
run will now be about four and one-1
half miles long.
Efforts are being made to arrange
practice runs for the Card team before 1
the meet with California. Plans to j
bring the Sherman Indian School team
! here have been abandoned, but meets j
j with the Humboldt Athletic Club and
the Olympic Club are practically as-1
sured. No dates have as yet been set j
for these runs.
The Stanford team has developed
rapidly this year, and with Captain
Bill Kerr as the individual star, pre
sents a strong lineup. The Cards arc
favored to defeat California again this
season, but the Olympic Club is be
lieved to be capable of downing Kerr's
team. Little is known of the Humboldt
runners.
Date of the Stanford-California
cross-country run has been changed;
from Nov. 21 to Dec. 2, it was an
nounced yesterday. The meet had i
originally been planned for the morn-1
ing of the Big Game, but because many ,
of the runners had other arrangements |
for that day, the postponement was
necessary.
In the past, the run has been held
on the Wednesday succeeding Thanks-j
giving Day, and as plans now stand, J
this custom will be continued this
year.
The run will be held over a course
which differs slightly from that used
here in the past. The race will begin ,
and end at the Phi Delta Theta house, ■
instead of at the stadium track, as in
the past. This change will the course
approximately one mile shorter. The j
run will now be about four and one-1
half miles long.
Efforts are being made to arrange
practice runs for the Card team before 1
the meet with California. Plans to j
bring the Sherman Indian School team
! here have been abandoned, but meets j
j with the Humboldt Athletic Club and
the Olympic Club are practically as-1
sured. No dates have as yet been set j
for these runs.
The Stanford team has developed
rapidly this year, and with Captain
Bill Kerr as the individual star, pre
sents a strong lineup. The Cards arc
favored to defeat California again this
season, but the Olympic Club is be
lieved to be capable of downing Kerr's
team. Little is known of the Humboldt
runners.
