# COLLEGE WOMEN COOK
## 
### 
Sorority girls at the University of
Washington are demonstrating their
culinary ability in a contest sponsored
hy a Seattle newspaper. After a cook
ing contest was held for Seattle girls
in grammar school, critics argued that
the university women were ones who
scorned the frying pan and measuring
cup, and who were dance-crazy. 'I lie
present contest is an answer.
Sorority girls at the University of
Washington are demonstrating their
culinary ability in a contest sponsored
hy a Seattle newspaper. After a cook
ing contest was held for Seattle girls
in grammar school, critics argued that
the university women were ones who
scorned the frying pan and measuring
cup, and who were dance-crazy. 'I lie
present contest is an answer.
Sorority girls at the University of
Washington are demonstrating their
culinary ability in a contest sponsored
hy a Seattle newspaper. After a cook
ing contest was held for Seattle girls
in grammar school, critics argued that
the university women were ones who
scorned the frying pan and measuring
cup, and who were dance-crazy. 'I lie
present contest is an answer.
Sorority girls at the University of
Washington are demonstrating their
culinary ability in a contest sponsored
hy a Seattle newspaper. After a cook
ing contest was held for Seattle girls
in grammar school, critics argued that
the university women were ones who
scorned the frying pan and measuring
cup, and who were dance-crazy. 'I lie
present contest is an answer.
Sorority girls at the University of
Washington are demonstrating their
culinary ability in a contest sponsored
hy a Seattle newspaper. After a cook
ing contest was held for Seattle girls
in grammar school, critics argued that
the university women were ones who
scorned the frying pan and measuring
cup, and who were dance-crazy. 'I lie
present contest is an answer.
Sorority girls at the University of
Washington are demonstrating their
culinary ability in a contest sponsored
hy a Seattle newspaper. After a cook
ing contest was held for Seattle girls
in grammar school, critics argued that
the university women were ones who
scorned the frying pan and measuring
cup, and who were dance-crazy. 'I lie
present contest is an answer.
Sorority girls at the University of
Washington are demonstrating their
culinary ability in a contest sponsored
hy a Seattle newspaper. After a cook
ing contest was held for Seattle girls
in grammar school, critics argued that
the university women were ones who
scorned the frying pan and measuring
cup, and who were dance-crazy. 'I lie
present contest is an answer.
Sorority girls at the University of
Washington are demonstrating their
culinary ability in a contest sponsored
hy a Seattle newspaper. After a cook
ing contest was held for Seattle girls
in grammar school, critics argued that
the university women were ones who
scorned the frying pan and measuring
cup, and who were dance-crazy. 'I lie
present contest is an answer.
Sorority girls at the University of
Washington are demonstrating their
culinary ability in a contest sponsored
hy a Seattle newspaper. After a cook
ing contest was held for Seattle girls
in grammar school, critics argued that
the university women were ones who
scorned the frying pan and measuring
cup, and who were dance-crazy. 'I lie
present contest is an answer.
Sorority girls at the University of
Washington are demonstrating their
culinary ability in a contest sponsored
hy a Seattle newspaper. After a cook
ing contest was held for Seattle girls
in grammar school, critics argued that
the university women were ones who
scorned the frying pan and measuring
cup, and who were dance-crazy. 'I lie
present contest is an answer.
Sorority girls at the University of
Washington are demonstrating their
culinary ability in a contest sponsored
hy a Seattle newspaper. After a cook
ing contest was held for Seattle girls
in grammar school, critics argued that
the university women were ones who
scorned the frying pan and measuring
cup, and who were dance-crazy. 'I lie
present contest is an answer.
Sorority girls at the University of
Washington are demonstrating their
culinary ability in a contest sponsored
hy a Seattle newspaper. After a cook
ing contest was held for Seattle girls
in grammar school, critics argued that
the university women were ones who
scorned the frying pan and measuring
cup, and who were dance-crazy. 'I lie
present contest is an answer.
Sorority girls at the University of
Washington are demonstrating their
culinary ability in a contest sponsored
hy a Seattle newspaper. After a cook
ing contest was held for Seattle girls
in grammar school, critics argued that
the university women were ones who
scorned the frying pan and measuring
cup, and who were dance-crazy. 'I lie
present contest is an answer.
Sorority girls at the University of
Washington are demonstrating their
culinary ability in a contest sponsored
hy a Seattle newspaper. After a cook
ing contest was held for Seattle girls
in grammar school, critics argued that
the university women were ones who
scorned the frying pan and measuring
cup, and who were dance-crazy. 'I lie
present contest is an answer.
Sorority girls at the University of
Washington are demonstrating their
culinary ability in a contest sponsored
hy a Seattle newspaper. After a cook
ing contest was held for Seattle girls
in grammar school, critics argued that
the university women were ones who
scorned the frying pan and measuring
cup, and who were dance-crazy. 'I lie
present contest is an answer.
