# LEVI ATTENDS SIGMA DELTA CHI CONVENTION
## 
### 
John N. Levi left this morning for
Boulder, Colorado, where he will at
tend (he annual convention of Sigma
Delta Chi, national journalistic fra
ternity. He will represent the Stan
ford chapter of Sigma Delta Chi and
will be gone until next Saturday. He
left in company with the delegate from
the University of California chapter.
John N. Levi is managing editor of the
Daily Palo Alto.
John N. Levi left this morning for
Boulder, Colorado, where he will at
tend (he annual convention of Sigma
Delta Chi, national journalistic fra
ternity. He will represent the Stan
ford chapter of Sigma Delta Chi and
will be gone until next Saturday. He
left in company with the delegate from
the University of California chapter.
John N. Levi is managing editor of the
Daily Palo Alto.
John N. Levi left this morning for
Boulder, Colorado, where he will at
tend (he annual convention of Sigma
Delta Chi, national journalistic fra
ternity. He will represent the Stan
ford chapter of Sigma Delta Chi and
will be gone until next Saturday. He
left in company with the delegate from
the University of California chapter.
John N. Levi is managing editor of the
Daily Palo Alto.
John N. Levi left this morning for
Boulder, Colorado, where he will at
tend (he annual convention of Sigma
Delta Chi, national journalistic fra
ternity. He will represent the Stan
ford chapter of Sigma Delta Chi and
will be gone until next Saturday. He
left in company with the delegate from
the University of California chapter.
John N. Levi is managing editor of the
Daily Palo Alto.
John N. Levi left this morning for
Boulder, Colorado, where he will at
tend (he annual convention of Sigma
Delta Chi, national journalistic fra
ternity. He will represent the Stan
ford chapter of Sigma Delta Chi and
will be gone until next Saturday. He
left in company with the delegate from
the University of California chapter.
John N. Levi is managing editor of the
Daily Palo Alto.
John N. Levi left this morning for
Boulder, Colorado, where he will at
tend (he annual convention of Sigma
Delta Chi, national journalistic fra
ternity. He will represent the Stan
ford chapter of Sigma Delta Chi and
will be gone until next Saturday. He
left in company with the delegate from
the University of California chapter.
John N. Levi is managing editor of the
Daily Palo Alto.
John N. Levi left this morning for
Boulder, Colorado, where he will at
tend (he annual convention of Sigma
Delta Chi, national journalistic fra
ternity. He will represent the Stan
ford chapter of Sigma Delta Chi and
will be gone until next Saturday. He
left in company with the delegate from
the University of California chapter.
John N. Levi is managing editor of the
Daily Palo Alto.
John N. Levi left this morning for
Boulder, Colorado, where he will at
tend (he annual convention of Sigma
Delta Chi, national journalistic fra
ternity. He will represent the Stan
ford chapter of Sigma Delta Chi and
will be gone until next Saturday. He
left in company with the delegate from
the University of California chapter.
John N. Levi is managing editor of the
Daily Palo Alto.
John N. Levi left this morning for
Boulder, Colorado, where he will at
tend (he annual convention of Sigma
Delta Chi, national journalistic fra
ternity. He will represent the Stan
ford chapter of Sigma Delta Chi and
will be gone until next Saturday. He
left in company with the delegate from
the University of California chapter.
John N. Levi is managing editor of the
Daily Palo Alto.
John N. Levi left this morning for
Boulder, Colorado, where he will at
tend (he annual convention of Sigma
Delta Chi, national journalistic fra
ternity. He will represent the Stan
ford chapter of Sigma Delta Chi and
will be gone until next Saturday. He
left in company with the delegate from
the University of California chapter.
John N. Levi is managing editor of the
Daily Palo Alto.
John N. Levi left this morning for
Boulder, Colorado, where he will at
tend (he annual convention of Sigma
Delta Chi, national journalistic fra
ternity. He will represent the Stan
ford chapter of Sigma Delta Chi and
will be gone until next Saturday. He
left in company with the delegate from
the University of California chapter.
John N. Levi is managing editor of the
Daily Palo Alto.
John N. Levi left this morning for
Boulder, Colorado, where he will at
tend (he annual convention of Sigma
Delta Chi, national journalistic fra
ternity. He will represent the Stan
ford chapter of Sigma Delta Chi and
will be gone until next Saturday. He
left in company with the delegate from
the University of California chapter.
John N. Levi is managing editor of the
Daily Palo Alto.
John N. Levi left this morning for
Boulder, Colorado, where he will at
tend (he annual convention of Sigma
Delta Chi, national journalistic fra
ternity. He will represent the Stan
ford chapter of Sigma Delta Chi and
will be gone until next Saturday. He
left in company with the delegate from
the University of California chapter.
John N. Levi is managing editor of the
Daily Palo Alto.
John N. Levi left this morning for
Boulder, Colorado, where he will at
tend (he annual convention of Sigma
Delta Chi, national journalistic fra
ternity. He will represent the Stan
ford chapter of Sigma Delta Chi and
will be gone until next Saturday. He
left in company with the delegate from
the University of California chapter.
John N. Levi is managing editor of the
Daily Palo Alto.
John N. Levi left this morning for
Boulder, Colorado, where he will at
tend (he annual convention of Sigma
Delta Chi, national journalistic fra
ternity. He will represent the Stan
ford chapter of Sigma Delta Chi and
will be gone until next Saturday. He
left in company with the delegate from
the University of California chapter.
John N. Levi is managing editor of the
Daily Palo Alto.
