# Ireland Cancels Game.
## 
### 
Owing to a death in his family, Ire
land has postponed all the remainder
of the schedule between his baseball

nine and all outside teams. The Var
sity was to have played the Indepen
dents this afternoon and also on Fri
day the 17th. An attempt will be
made to secure a game with some
other outside team for this week's
end same, which will come on Friday,
as the Freshman Track meet is sched
lviod for Saturday.
Owing to a death in his family, Ire
land has postponed all the remainder
of the schedule between his baseball

nine and all outside teams. The Var
sity was to have played the Indepen
dents this afternoon and also on Fri
day the 17th. An attempt will be
made to secure a game with some
other outside team for this week's
end same, which will come on Friday,
as the Freshman Track meet is sched
lviod for Saturday.
Owing to a death in his family, Ire
land has postponed all the remainder
of the schedule between his baseball

nine and all outside teams. The Var
sity was to have played the Indepen
dents this afternoon and also on Fri
day the 17th. An attempt will be
made to secure a game with some
other outside team for this week's
end same, which will come on Friday,
as the Freshman Track meet is sched
lviod for Saturday.
Owing to a death in his family, Ire
land has postponed all the remainder
of the schedule between his baseball

nine and all outside teams. The Var
sity was to have played the Indepen
dents this afternoon and also on Fri
day the 17th. An attempt will be
made to secure a game with some
other outside team for this week's
end same, which will come on Friday,
as the Freshman Track meet is sched
lviod for Saturday.
Owing to a death in his family, Ire
land has postponed all the remainder
of the schedule between his baseball

nine and all outside teams. The Var
sity was to have played the Indepen
dents this afternoon and also on Fri
day the 17th. An attempt will be
made to secure a game with some
other outside team for this week's
end same, which will come on Friday,
as the Freshman Track meet is sched
lviod for Saturday.
Owing to a death in his family, Ire
land has postponed all the remainder
of the schedule between his baseball

nine and all outside teams. The Var
sity was to have played the Indepen
dents this afternoon and also on Fri
day the 17th. An attempt will be
made to secure a game with some
other outside team for this week's
end same, which will come on Friday,
as the Freshman Track meet is sched
lviod for Saturday.
Owing to a death in his family, Ire
land has postponed all the remainder
of the schedule between his baseball

nine and all outside teams. The Var
sity was to have played the Indepen
dents this afternoon and also on Fri
day the 17th. An attempt will be
made to secure a game with some
other outside team for this week's
end same, which will come on Friday,
as the Freshman Track meet is sched
lviod for Saturday.
Owing to a death in his family, Ire
land has postponed all the remainder
of the schedule between his baseball

nine and all outside teams. The Var
sity was to have played the Indepen
dents this afternoon and also on Fri
day the 17th. An attempt will be
made to secure a game with some
other outside team for this week's
end same, which will come on Friday,
as the Freshman Track meet is sched
lviod for Saturday.
Owing to a death in his family, Ire
land has postponed all the remainder
of the schedule between his baseball

nine and all outside teams. The Var
sity was to have played the Indepen
dents this afternoon and also on Fri
day the 17th. An attempt will be
made to secure a game with some
other outside team for this week's
end same, which will come on Friday,
as the Freshman Track meet is sched
lviod for Saturday.
Owing to a death in his family, Ire
land has postponed all the remainder
of the schedule between his baseball

nine and all outside teams. The Var
sity was to have played the Indepen
dents this afternoon and also on Fri
day the 17th. An attempt will be
made to secure a game with some
other outside team for this week's
end same, which will come on Friday,
as the Freshman Track meet is sched
lviod for Saturday.
Owing to a death in his family, Ire
land has postponed all the remainder
of the schedule between his baseball

nine and all outside teams. The Var
sity was to have played the Indepen
dents this afternoon and also on Fri
day the 17th. An attempt will be
made to secure a game with some
other outside team for this week's
end same, which will come on Friday,
as the Freshman Track meet is sched
lviod for Saturday.
Owing to a death in his family, Ire
land has postponed all the remainder
of the schedule between his baseball

nine and all outside teams. The Var
sity was to have played the Indepen
dents this afternoon and also on Fri
day the 17th. An attempt will be
made to secure a game with some
other outside team for this week's
end same, which will come on Friday,
as the Freshman Track meet is sched
lviod for Saturday.
