# Speech therapy Group Will Meet Here
## 
### 
Members ol the Northern Srotion
»>f the California Speech Therapy
Association will hold their fall
quarterly meeting at the Stanford
Little Theater, Memorial Hall, at
1:30 p.m. tomorrow.
Professor Virgil A. Ander on of
Stanford's Speech and Drama De

partment, and director of the Stan
foi'd Speech and Hearing Clinic, will
be chairman.
Dr. Lucie Lawson, director of the
speech clinic at Franklin Hospital,
San Francisco, will he the keynote
speaker.
Members ol the Northern Srotion
»>f the California Speech Therapy
Association will hold their fall
quarterly meeting at the Stanford
Little Theater, Memorial Hall, at
1:30 p.m. tomorrow.
Professor Virgil A. Ander on of
Stanford's Speech and Drama De

partment, and director of the Stan
foi'd Speech and Hearing Clinic, will
be chairman.
Dr. Lucie Lawson, director of the
speech clinic at Franklin Hospital,
San Francisco, will he the keynote
speaker.
Members ol the Northern Srotion
»>f the California Speech Therapy
Association will hold their fall
quarterly meeting at the Stanford
Little Theater, Memorial Hall, at
1:30 p.m. tomorrow.
Professor Virgil A. Ander on of
Stanford's Speech and Drama De

partment, and director of the Stan
foi'd Speech and Hearing Clinic, will
be chairman.
Dr. Lucie Lawson, director of the
speech clinic at Franklin Hospital,
San Francisco, will he the keynote
speaker.
Members ol the Northern Srotion
»>f the California Speech Therapy
Association will hold their fall
quarterly meeting at the Stanford
Little Theater, Memorial Hall, at
1:30 p.m. tomorrow.
Professor Virgil A. Ander on of
Stanford's Speech and Drama De

partment, and director of the Stan
foi'd Speech and Hearing Clinic, will
be chairman.
Dr. Lucie Lawson, director of the
speech clinic at Franklin Hospital,
San Francisco, will he the keynote
speaker.
Members ol the Northern Srotion
»>f the California Speech Therapy
Association will hold their fall
quarterly meeting at the Stanford
Little Theater, Memorial Hall, at
1:30 p.m. tomorrow.
Professor Virgil A. Ander on of
Stanford's Speech and Drama De

partment, and director of the Stan
foi'd Speech and Hearing Clinic, will
be chairman.
Dr. Lucie Lawson, director of the
speech clinic at Franklin Hospital,
San Francisco, will he the keynote
speaker.
Members ol the Northern Srotion
»>f the California Speech Therapy
Association will hold their fall
quarterly meeting at the Stanford
Little Theater, Memorial Hall, at
1:30 p.m. tomorrow.
Professor Virgil A. Ander on of
Stanford's Speech and Drama De

partment, and director of the Stan
foi'd Speech and Hearing Clinic, will
be chairman.
Dr. Lucie Lawson, director of the
speech clinic at Franklin Hospital,
San Francisco, will he the keynote
speaker.
Members ol the Northern Srotion
»>f the California Speech Therapy
Association will hold their fall
quarterly meeting at the Stanford
Little Theater, Memorial Hall, at
1:30 p.m. tomorrow.
Professor Virgil A. Ander on of
Stanford's Speech and Drama De

partment, and director of the Stan
foi'd Speech and Hearing Clinic, will
be chairman.
Dr. Lucie Lawson, director of the
speech clinic at Franklin Hospital,
San Francisco, will he the keynote
speaker.
Members ol the Northern Srotion
»>f the California Speech Therapy
Association will hold their fall
quarterly meeting at the Stanford
Little Theater, Memorial Hall, at
1:30 p.m. tomorrow.
Professor Virgil A. Ander on of
Stanford's Speech and Drama De

partment, and director of the Stan
foi'd Speech and Hearing Clinic, will
be chairman.
Dr. Lucie Lawson, director of the
speech clinic at Franklin Hospital,
San Francisco, will he the keynote
speaker.
Members ol the Northern Srotion
»>f the California Speech Therapy
Association will hold their fall
quarterly meeting at the Stanford
Little Theater, Memorial Hall, at
1:30 p.m. tomorrow.
Professor Virgil A. Ander on of
Stanford's Speech and Drama De

partment, and director of the Stan
foi'd Speech and Hearing Clinic, will
be chairman.
Dr. Lucie Lawson, director of the
speech clinic at Franklin Hospital,
San Francisco, will he the keynote
speaker.
Members ol the Northern Srotion
»>f the California Speech Therapy
Association will hold their fall
quarterly meeting at the Stanford
Little Theater, Memorial Hall, at
1:30 p.m. tomorrow.
Professor Virgil A. Ander on of
Stanford's Speech and Drama De

partment, and director of the Stan
foi'd Speech and Hearing Clinic, will
be chairman.
Dr. Lucie Lawson, director of the
speech clinic at Franklin Hospital,
San Francisco, will he the keynote
speaker.
Members ol the Northern Srotion
»>f the California Speech Therapy
Association will hold their fall
quarterly meeting at the Stanford
Little Theater, Memorial Hall, at
1:30 p.m. tomorrow.
Professor Virgil A. Ander on of
Stanford's Speech and Drama De

partment, and director of the Stan
foi'd Speech and Hearing Clinic, will
be chairman.
Dr. Lucie Lawson, director of the
speech clinic at Franklin Hospital,
San Francisco, will he the keynote
speaker.
Members ol the Northern Srotion
»>f the California Speech Therapy
Association will hold their fall
quarterly meeting at the Stanford
Little Theater, Memorial Hall, at
1:30 p.m. tomorrow.
Professor Virgil A. Ander on of
Stanford's Speech and Drama De

partment, and director of the Stan
foi'd Speech and Hearing Clinic, will
be chairman.
Dr. Lucie Lawson, director of the
speech clinic at Franklin Hospital,
San Francisco, will he the keynote
speaker.
Members ol the Northern Srotion
»>f the California Speech Therapy
Association will hold their fall
quarterly meeting at the Stanford
Little Theater, Memorial Hall, at
1:30 p.m. tomorrow.
Professor Virgil A. Ander on of
Stanford's Speech and Drama De

partment, and director of the Stan
foi'd Speech and Hearing Clinic, will
be chairman.
Dr. Lucie Lawson, director of the
speech clinic at Franklin Hospital,
San Francisco, will he the keynote
speaker.
Members ol the Northern Srotion
»>f the California Speech Therapy
Association will hold their fall
quarterly meeting at the Stanford
Little Theater, Memorial Hall, at
1:30 p.m. tomorrow.
Professor Virgil A. Ander on of
Stanford's Speech and Drama De

partment, and director of the Stan
foi'd Speech and Hearing Clinic, will
be chairman.
Dr. Lucie Lawson, director of the
speech clinic at Franklin Hospital,
San Francisco, will he the keynote
speaker.
Members ol the Northern Srotion
»>f the California Speech Therapy
Association will hold their fall
quarterly meeting at the Stanford
Little Theater, Memorial Hall, at
1:30 p.m. tomorrow.
Professor Virgil A. Ander on of
Stanford's Speech and Drama De

partment, and director of the Stan
foi'd Speech and Hearing Clinic, will
be chairman.
Dr. Lucie Lawson, director of the
speech clinic at Franklin Hospital,
San Francisco, will he the keynote
speaker.
Members ol the Northern Srotion
»>f the California Speech Therapy
Association will hold their fall
quarterly meeting at the Stanford
Little Theater, Memorial Hall, at
1:30 p.m. tomorrow.
Professor Virgil A. Ander on of
Stanford's Speech and Drama De

partment, and director of the Stan
foi'd Speech and Hearing Clinic, will
be chairman.
Dr. Lucie Lawson, director of the
speech clinic at Franklin Hospital,
San Francisco, will he the keynote
speaker.
