# Untitled Article
## 
### 

THE BATTLE IS ON—Tomorrow King Football takes precedence
over campus week end activities as conference play again
moves forward. The Indians will have their job cut out for
them as they tackle revitalized Oregon State. Following the
Beaver encounter a rugged Bruin eleven moves into Palo Alto
hoping to add another win to their impressive string.

THE BATTLE IS ON—Tomorrow King Football takes precedence
over campus week end activities as conference play again
moves forward. The Indians will have their job cut out for
them as they tackle revitalized Oregon State. Following the
Beaver encounter a rugged Bruin eleven moves into Palo Alto
hoping to add another win to their impressive string.

THE BATTLE IS ON—Tomorrow King Football takes precedence
over campus week end activities as conference play again
moves forward. The Indians will have their job cut out for
them as they tackle revitalized Oregon State. Following the
Beaver encounter a rugged Bruin eleven moves into Palo Alto
hoping to add another win to their impressive string.

THE BATTLE IS ON—Tomorrow King Football takes precedence
over campus week end activities as conference play again
moves forward. The Indians will have their job cut out for
them as they tackle revitalized Oregon State. Following the
Beaver encounter a rugged Bruin eleven moves into Palo Alto
hoping to add another win to their impressive string.

THE BATTLE IS ON—Tomorrow King Football takes precedence
over campus week end activities as conference play again
moves forward. The Indians will have their job cut out for
them as they tackle revitalized Oregon State. Following the
Beaver encounter a rugged Bruin eleven moves into Palo Alto
hoping to add another win to their impressive string.

THE BATTLE IS ON—Tomorrow King Football takes precedence
over campus week end activities as conference play again
moves forward. The Indians will have their job cut out for
them as they tackle revitalized Oregon State. Following the
Beaver encounter a rugged Bruin eleven moves into Palo Alto
hoping to add another win to their impressive string.

THE BATTLE IS ON—Tomorrow King Football takes precedence
over campus week end activities as conference play again
moves forward. The Indians will have their job cut out for
them as they tackle revitalized Oregon State. Following the
Beaver encounter a rugged Bruin eleven moves into Palo Alto
hoping to add another win to their impressive string.

THE BATTLE IS ON—Tomorrow King Football takes precedence
over campus week end activities as conference play again
moves forward. The Indians will have their job cut out for
them as they tackle revitalized Oregon State. Following the
Beaver encounter a rugged Bruin eleven moves into Palo Alto
hoping to add another win to their impressive string.

THE BATTLE IS ON—Tomorrow King Football takes precedence
over campus week end activities as conference play again
moves forward. The Indians will have their job cut out for
them as they tackle revitalized Oregon State. Following the
Beaver encounter a rugged Bruin eleven moves into Palo Alto
hoping to add another win to their impressive string.

THE BATTLE IS ON—Tomorrow King Football takes precedence
over campus week end activities as conference play again
moves forward. The Indians will have their job cut out for
them as they tackle revitalized Oregon State. Following the
Beaver encounter a rugged Bruin eleven moves into Palo Alto
hoping to add another win to their impressive string.

THE BATTLE IS ON—Tomorrow King Football takes precedence
over campus week end activities as conference play again
moves forward. The Indians will have their job cut out for
them as they tackle revitalized Oregon State. Following the
Beaver encounter a rugged Bruin eleven moves into Palo Alto
hoping to add another win to their impressive string.

THE BATTLE IS ON—Tomorrow King Football takes precedence
over campus week end activities as conference play again
moves forward. The Indians will have their job cut out for
them as they tackle revitalized Oregon State. Following the
Beaver encounter a rugged Bruin eleven moves into Palo Alto
hoping to add another win to their impressive string.

THE BATTLE IS ON—Tomorrow King Football takes precedence
over campus week end activities as conference play again
moves forward. The Indians will have their job cut out for
them as they tackle revitalized Oregon State. Following the
Beaver encounter a rugged Bruin eleven moves into Palo Alto
hoping to add another win to their impressive string.

THE BATTLE IS ON—Tomorrow King Football takes precedence
over campus week end activities as conference play again
moves forward. The Indians will have their job cut out for
them as they tackle revitalized Oregon State. Following the
Beaver encounter a rugged Bruin eleven moves into Palo Alto
hoping to add another win to their impressive string.

THE BATTLE IS ON—Tomorrow King Football takes precedence
over campus week end activities as conference play again
moves forward. The Indians will have their job cut out for
them as they tackle revitalized Oregon State. Following the
Beaver encounter a rugged Bruin eleven moves into Palo Alto
hoping to add another win to their impressive string.

THE BATTLE IS ON—Tomorrow King Football takes precedence
over campus week end activities as conference play again
moves forward. The Indians will have their job cut out for
them as they tackle revitalized Oregon State. Following the
Beaver encounter a rugged Bruin eleven moves into Palo Alto
hoping to add another win to their impressive string.
