# Inn Will Remain Open.
## 
### 
Since the opening of the Univer
sity Inn under the present manage
ment about fifty regular hoarders
have eaten there daily, and at
times the number of people served
has been as high as seventy. While
this number of people does not
allow of very great profit to the
management, it is nevertheless
great enough to warrant the opera
tion of the Inn. There will un
doubtedly be a much greater
patronage of the eating-house next
semester. It is definitely an
nounced that the doors will he kept
open during the holiday recess, and
also during next semester. The
operation of the Inn during vaca
tion will offer a convenience that
students remaining on the campus
at that time have not had in the past.
Since the opening of the Univer
sity Inn under the present manage
ment about fifty regular hoarders
have eaten there daily, and at
times the number of people served
has been as high as seventy. While
this number of people does not
allow of very great profit to the
management, it is nevertheless
great enough to warrant the opera
tion of the Inn. There will un
doubtedly be a much greater
patronage of the eating-house next
semester. It is definitely an
nounced that the doors will he kept
open during the holiday recess, and
also during next semester. The
operation of the Inn during vaca
tion will offer a convenience that
students remaining on the campus
at that time have not had in the past.
Since the opening of the Univer
sity Inn under the present manage
ment about fifty regular hoarders
have eaten there daily, and at
times the number of people served
has been as high as seventy. While
this number of people does not
allow of very great profit to the
management, it is nevertheless
great enough to warrant the opera
tion of the Inn. There will un
doubtedly be a much greater
patronage of the eating-house next
semester. It is definitely an
nounced that the doors will he kept
open during the holiday recess, and
also during next semester. The
operation of the Inn during vaca
tion will offer a convenience that
students remaining on the campus
at that time have not had in the past.
Since the opening of the Univer
sity Inn under the present manage
ment about fifty regular hoarders
have eaten there daily, and at
times the number of people served
has been as high as seventy. While
this number of people does not
allow of very great profit to the
management, it is nevertheless
great enough to warrant the opera
tion of the Inn. There will un
doubtedly be a much greater
patronage of the eating-house next
semester. It is definitely an
nounced that the doors will he kept
open during the holiday recess, and
also during next semester. The
operation of the Inn during vaca
tion will offer a convenience that
students remaining on the campus
at that time have not had in the past.
Since the opening of the Univer
sity Inn under the present manage
ment about fifty regular hoarders
have eaten there daily, and at
times the number of people served
has been as high as seventy. While
this number of people does not
allow of very great profit to the
management, it is nevertheless
great enough to warrant the opera
tion of the Inn. There will un
doubtedly be a much greater
patronage of the eating-house next
semester. It is definitely an
nounced that the doors will he kept
open during the holiday recess, and
also during next semester. The
operation of the Inn during vaca
tion will offer a convenience that
students remaining on the campus
at that time have not had in the past.
Since the opening of the Univer
sity Inn under the present manage
ment about fifty regular hoarders
have eaten there daily, and at
times the number of people served
has been as high as seventy. While
this number of people does not
allow of very great profit to the
management, it is nevertheless
great enough to warrant the opera
tion of the Inn. There will un
doubtedly be a much greater
patronage of the eating-house next
semester. It is definitely an
nounced that the doors will he kept
open during the holiday recess, and
also during next semester. The
operation of the Inn during vaca
tion will offer a convenience that
students remaining on the campus
at that time have not had in the past.
Since the opening of the Univer
sity Inn under the present manage
ment about fifty regular hoarders
have eaten there daily, and at
times the number of people served
has been as high as seventy. While
this number of people does not
allow of very great profit to the
management, it is nevertheless
great enough to warrant the opera
tion of the Inn. There will un
doubtedly be a much greater
patronage of the eating-house next
semester. It is definitely an
nounced that the doors will he kept
open during the holiday recess, and
also during next semester. The
operation of the Inn during vaca
tion will offer a convenience that
students remaining on the campus
at that time have not had in the past.
Since the opening of the Univer
sity Inn under the present manage
ment about fifty regular hoarders
have eaten there daily, and at
times the number of people served
has been as high as seventy. While
this number of people does not
allow of very great profit to the
management, it is nevertheless
great enough to warrant the opera
tion of the Inn. There will un
doubtedly be a much greater
patronage of the eating-house next
semester. It is definitely an
nounced that the doors will he kept
open during the holiday recess, and
also during next semester. The
operation of the Inn during vaca
tion will offer a convenience that
students remaining on the campus
at that time have not had in the past.
