# DRAFT CATCHES STOCK HEAD
## 
### 

WILLIAM McCHESNEY. left, |j4-year-old president of the New York
Stock Exchange at $48,000 a year, is finger-printed by Herbert Knoll
as he was inducted into the United States Army at New York under the
Selective Service Act. He'll get $21 a month along with the other
draftees.

WILLIAM McCHESNEY. left, |j4-year-old president of the New York
Stock Exchange at $48,000 a year, is finger-printed by Herbert Knoll
as he was inducted into the United States Army at New York under the
Selective Service Act. He'll get $21 a month along with the other
draftees.

WILLIAM McCHESNEY. left, |j4-year-old president of the New York
Stock Exchange at $48,000 a year, is finger-printed by Herbert Knoll
as he was inducted into the United States Army at New York under the
Selective Service Act. He'll get $21 a month along with the other
draftees.

WILLIAM McCHESNEY. left, |j4-year-old president of the New York
Stock Exchange at $48,000 a year, is finger-printed by Herbert Knoll
as he was inducted into the United States Army at New York under the
Selective Service Act. He'll get $21 a month along with the other
draftees.

WILLIAM McCHESNEY. left, |j4-year-old president of the New York
Stock Exchange at $48,000 a year, is finger-printed by Herbert Knoll
as he was inducted into the United States Army at New York under the
Selective Service Act. He'll get $21 a month along with the other
draftees.

WILLIAM McCHESNEY. left, |j4-year-old president of the New York
Stock Exchange at $48,000 a year, is finger-printed by Herbert Knoll
as he was inducted into the United States Army at New York under the
Selective Service Act. He'll get $21 a month along with the other
draftees.

WILLIAM McCHESNEY. left, |j4-year-old president of the New York
Stock Exchange at $48,000 a year, is finger-printed by Herbert Knoll
as he was inducted into the United States Army at New York under the
Selective Service Act. He'll get $21 a month along with the other
draftees.

WILLIAM McCHESNEY. left, |j4-year-old president of the New York
Stock Exchange at $48,000 a year, is finger-printed by Herbert Knoll
as he was inducted into the United States Army at New York under the
Selective Service Act. He'll get $21 a month along with the other
draftees.

WILLIAM McCHESNEY. left, |j4-year-old president of the New York
Stock Exchange at $48,000 a year, is finger-printed by Herbert Knoll
as he was inducted into the United States Army at New York under the
Selective Service Act. He'll get $21 a month along with the other
draftees.

WILLIAM McCHESNEY. left, |j4-year-old president of the New York
Stock Exchange at $48,000 a year, is finger-printed by Herbert Knoll
as he was inducted into the United States Army at New York under the
Selective Service Act. He'll get $21 a month along with the other
draftees.

WILLIAM McCHESNEY. left, |j4-year-old president of the New York
Stock Exchange at $48,000 a year, is finger-printed by Herbert Knoll
as he was inducted into the United States Army at New York under the
Selective Service Act. He'll get $21 a month along with the other
draftees.

WILLIAM McCHESNEY. left, |j4-year-old president of the New York
Stock Exchange at $48,000 a year, is finger-printed by Herbert Knoll
as he was inducted into the United States Army at New York under the
Selective Service Act. He'll get $21 a month along with the other
draftees.

WILLIAM McCHESNEY. left, |j4-year-old president of the New York
Stock Exchange at $48,000 a year, is finger-printed by Herbert Knoll
as he was inducted into the United States Army at New York under the
Selective Service Act. He'll get $21 a month along with the other
draftees.

WILLIAM McCHESNEY. left, |j4-year-old president of the New York
Stock Exchange at $48,000 a year, is finger-printed by Herbert Knoll
as he was inducted into the United States Army at New York under the
Selective Service Act. He'll get $21 a month along with the other
draftees.

WILLIAM McCHESNEY. left, |j4-year-old president of the New York
Stock Exchange at $48,000 a year, is finger-printed by Herbert Knoll
as he was inducted into the United States Army at New York under the
Selective Service Act. He'll get $21 a month along with the other
draftees.

WILLIAM McCHESNEY. left, |j4-year-old president of the New York
Stock Exchange at $48,000 a year, is finger-printed by Herbert Knoll
as he was inducted into the United States Army at New York under the
Selective Service Act. He'll get $21 a month along with the other
draftees.

WILLIAM McCHESNEY. left, |j4-year-old president of the New York
Stock Exchange at $48,000 a year, is finger-printed by Herbert Knoll
as he was inducted into the United States Army at New York under the
Selective Service Act. He'll get $21 a month along with the other
draftees.

WILLIAM McCHESNEY. left, |j4-year-old president of the New York
Stock Exchange at $48,000 a year, is finger-printed by Herbert Knoll
as he was inducted into the United States Army at New York under the
Selective Service Act. He'll get $21 a month along with the other
draftees.
