# Wilbur Announces Staff Promotions
## 
### 
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur today an- j
nounced the following faculty pro
motions, to be effective at the be- j
ginning of the next academic year: \
From Associate Professor to Pro
fessor: Willis 11. Johnson, biology;
Henry Lanz, Slavic languages; J. j
Murray Luck, chemistry; Siemon W. !
MuHer, geology; David Harris and
Maxwell H. Savelle, history; Philip
W. Buck and Charles Fairman, po- !
litical science; Alvin J. Cox Jr., I
pathology.
From Assistant Professor to Asso
ciate Professor: Arthur C. Giese,
biology; John Hedberg and Harry A.
Williams, civil engineering; A. Yvor
Winters, English; Charles W. Bar
nett, medicine; Windsor C. Cutting, j
therapeutics; W. Allen Wallis, eco
nomics.
From Instructor to Assistant Pro
fessor: Alexander L. London, me
chanical engineering; B. Paul Davies,
health; Mrs. Margaret Barr, health
(women); Rodney R. Beard, public
health and preventive medicine; Al
bert C. Schaeffer, mathematics; John
W. Masland, political science.
From Instructor to Acting Assist
ant Professor: Hans Staub, physics.
