# Peace Strike Set For 400 Colleges
## 
### 
Wednesday, at 11 a.m. "a million
students at 400 colleges" have been
summoned by the Youth Committee
Against War of the Keep America
Out of War Congress to leave their
classes rm strike. This organization,
with which are affiliated such or
ganizations as the Young People's
Soicalist League and the National
Council of Methodist Youth, claims
to be working with Senators Nye
and Wheeler and Norman Thomas to
"demonstrate their opposition to in
volvement. in war."
In previous years this has been
celebrated as Peace Day at Stan
ford, however, as there is no longer
a committee for this there arc no
plans for observance this year.
A.S.S.U. President Bruce Jcssup ex
plained that the Thomas Mann as
sembly of last month was the only
event of this kind ever scheduled.
No official support of the strike
movement is expected at Stanford.
Wednesday, at 11 a.m. "a million
students at 400 colleges" have been
summoned by the Youth Committee
Against War of the Keep America
Out of War Congress to leave their
classes rm strike. This organization,
with which are affiliated such or
ganizations as the Young People's
Soicalist League and the National
Council of Methodist Youth, claims
to be working with Senators Nye
and Wheeler and Norman Thomas to
"demonstrate their opposition to in
volvement. in war."
In previous years this has been
celebrated as Peace Day at Stan
ford, however, as there is no longer
a committee for this there arc no
plans for observance this year.
A.S.S.U. President Bruce Jcssup ex
plained that the Thomas Mann as
sembly of last month was the only
event of this kind ever scheduled.
No official support of the strike
movement is expected at Stanford.
Wednesday, at 11 a.m. "a million
students at 400 colleges" have been
summoned by the Youth Committee
Against War of the Keep America
Out of War Congress to leave their
classes rm strike. This organization,
with which are affiliated such or
ganizations as the Young People's
Soicalist League and the National
Council of Methodist Youth, claims
to be working with Senators Nye
and Wheeler and Norman Thomas to
"demonstrate their opposition to in
volvement. in war."
In previous years this has been
celebrated as Peace Day at Stan
ford, however, as there is no longer
a committee for this there arc no
plans for observance this year.
A.S.S.U. President Bruce Jcssup ex
plained that the Thomas Mann as
sembly of last month was the only
event of this kind ever scheduled.
No official support of the strike
movement is expected at Stanford.
Wednesday, at 11 a.m. "a million
students at 400 colleges" have been
summoned by the Youth Committee
Against War of the Keep America
Out of War Congress to leave their
classes rm strike. This organization,
with which are affiliated such or
ganizations as the Young People's
Soicalist League and the National
Council of Methodist Youth, claims
to be working with Senators Nye
and Wheeler and Norman Thomas to
"demonstrate their opposition to in
volvement. in war."
In previous years this has been
celebrated as Peace Day at Stan
ford, however, as there is no longer
a committee for this there arc no
plans for observance this year.
A.S.S.U. President Bruce Jcssup ex
plained that the Thomas Mann as
sembly of last month was the only
event of this kind ever scheduled.
No official support of the strike
movement is expected at Stanford.
Wednesday, at 11 a.m. "a million
students at 400 colleges" have been
summoned by the Youth Committee
Against War of the Keep America
Out of War Congress to leave their
classes rm strike. This organization,
with which are affiliated such or
ganizations as the Young People's
Soicalist League and the National
Council of Methodist Youth, claims
to be working with Senators Nye
and Wheeler and Norman Thomas to
"demonstrate their opposition to in
volvement. in war."
In previous years this has been
celebrated as Peace Day at Stan
ford, however, as there is no longer
a committee for this there arc no
plans for observance this year.
A.S.S.U. President Bruce Jcssup ex
plained that the Thomas Mann as
sembly of last month was the only
event of this kind ever scheduled.
No official support of the strike
movement is expected at Stanford.
Wednesday, at 11 a.m. "a million
students at 400 colleges" have been
summoned by the Youth Committee
Against War of the Keep America
Out of War Congress to leave their
classes rm strike. This organization,
with which are affiliated such or
ganizations as the Young People's
Soicalist League and the National
Council of Methodist Youth, claims
to be working with Senators Nye
and Wheeler and Norman Thomas to
"demonstrate their opposition to in
volvement. in war."
In previous years this has been
celebrated as Peace Day at Stan
ford, however, as there is no longer
a committee for this there arc no
plans for observance this year.
A.S.S.U. President Bruce Jcssup ex
plained that the Thomas Mann as
sembly of last month was the only
event of this kind ever scheduled.
No official support of the strike
movement is expected at Stanford.
Wednesday, at 11 a.m. "a million
students at 400 colleges" have been
summoned by the Youth Committee
Against War of the Keep America
Out of War Congress to leave their
classes rm strike. This organization,
with which are affiliated such or
ganizations as the Young People's
Soicalist League and the National
Council of Methodist Youth, claims
to be working with Senators Nye
and Wheeler and Norman Thomas to
"demonstrate their opposition to in
volvement. in war."
In previous years this has been
celebrated as Peace Day at Stan
ford, however, as there is no longer
a committee for this there arc no
plans for observance this year.
A.S.S.U. President Bruce Jcssup ex
plained that the Thomas Mann as
sembly of last month was the only
event of this kind ever scheduled.
No official support of the strike
movement is expected at Stanford.
Wednesday, at 11 a.m. "a million
students at 400 colleges" have been
summoned by the Youth Committee
Against War of the Keep America
Out of War Congress to leave their
classes rm strike. This organization,
with which are affiliated such or
ganizations as the Young People's
Soicalist League and the National
Council of Methodist Youth, claims
to be working with Senators Nye
and Wheeler and Norman Thomas to
"demonstrate their opposition to in
volvement. in war."
In previous years this has been
celebrated as Peace Day at Stan
ford, however, as there is no longer
a committee for this there arc no
plans for observance this year.
A.S.S.U. President Bruce Jcssup ex
plained that the Thomas Mann as
sembly of last month was the only
event of this kind ever scheduled.
No official support of the strike
movement is expected at Stanford.
Wednesday, at 11 a.m. "a million
students at 400 colleges" have been
summoned by the Youth Committee
Against War of the Keep America
Out of War Congress to leave their
classes rm strike. This organization,
with which are affiliated such or
ganizations as the Young People's
Soicalist League and the National
Council of Methodist Youth, claims
to be working with Senators Nye
and Wheeler and Norman Thomas to
"demonstrate their opposition to in
volvement. in war."
In previous years this has been
celebrated as Peace Day at Stan
ford, however, as there is no longer
a committee for this there arc no
plans for observance this year.
A.S.S.U. President Bruce Jcssup ex
plained that the Thomas Mann as
sembly of last month was the only
event of this kind ever scheduled.
No official support of the strike
movement is expected at Stanford.
Wednesday, at 11 a.m. "a million
students at 400 colleges" have been
summoned by the Youth Committee
Against War of the Keep America
Out of War Congress to leave their
classes rm strike. This organization,
with which are affiliated such or
ganizations as the Young People's
Soicalist League and the National
Council of Methodist Youth, claims
to be working with Senators Nye
and Wheeler and Norman Thomas to
"demonstrate their opposition to in
volvement. in war."
In previous years this has been
celebrated as Peace Day at Stan
ford, however, as there is no longer
a committee for this there arc no
plans for observance this year.
A.S.S.U. President Bruce Jcssup ex
plained that the Thomas Mann as
sembly of last month was the only
event of this kind ever scheduled.
No official support of the strike
movement is expected at Stanford.
Wednesday, at 11 a.m. "a million
students at 400 colleges" have been
summoned by the Youth Committee
Against War of the Keep America
Out of War Congress to leave their
classes rm strike. This organization,
with which are affiliated such or
ganizations as the Young People's
Soicalist League and the National
Council of Methodist Youth, claims
to be working with Senators Nye
and Wheeler and Norman Thomas to
"demonstrate their opposition to in
volvement. in war."
In previous years this has been
celebrated as Peace Day at Stan
ford, however, as there is no longer
a committee for this there arc no
plans for observance this year.
A.S.S.U. President Bruce Jcssup ex
plained that the Thomas Mann as
sembly of last month was the only
event of this kind ever scheduled.
No official support of the strike
movement is expected at Stanford.
Wednesday, at 11 a.m. "a million
students at 400 colleges" have been
summoned by the Youth Committee
Against War of the Keep America
Out of War Congress to leave their
classes rm strike. This organization,
with which are affiliated such or
ganizations as the Young People's
Soicalist League and the National
Council of Methodist Youth, claims
to be working with Senators Nye
and Wheeler and Norman Thomas to
"demonstrate their opposition to in
volvement. in war."
In previous years this has been
celebrated as Peace Day at Stan
ford, however, as there is no longer
a committee for this there arc no
plans for observance this year.
A.S.S.U. President Bruce Jcssup ex
plained that the Thomas Mann as
sembly of last month was the only
event of this kind ever scheduled.
No official support of the strike
movement is expected at Stanford.
Wednesday, at 11 a.m. "a million
students at 400 colleges" have been
summoned by the Youth Committee
Against War of the Keep America
Out of War Congress to leave their
classes rm strike. This organization,
with which are affiliated such or
ganizations as the Young People's
Soicalist League and the National
Council of Methodist Youth, claims
to be working with Senators Nye
and Wheeler and Norman Thomas to
"demonstrate their opposition to in
volvement. in war."
In previous years this has been
celebrated as Peace Day at Stan
ford, however, as there is no longer
a committee for this there arc no
plans for observance this year.
A.S.S.U. President Bruce Jcssup ex
plained that the Thomas Mann as
sembly of last month was the only
event of this kind ever scheduled.
No official support of the strike
movement is expected at Stanford.
Wednesday, at 11 a.m. "a million
students at 400 colleges" have been
summoned by the Youth Committee
Against War of the Keep America
Out of War Congress to leave their
classes rm strike. This organization,
with which are affiliated such or
ganizations as the Young People's
Soicalist League and the National
Council of Methodist Youth, claims
to be working with Senators Nye
and Wheeler and Norman Thomas to
"demonstrate their opposition to in
volvement. in war."
In previous years this has been
celebrated as Peace Day at Stan
ford, however, as there is no longer
a committee for this there arc no
plans for observance this year.
A.S.S.U. President Bruce Jcssup ex
plained that the Thomas Mann as
sembly of last month was the only
event of this kind ever scheduled.
No official support of the strike
movement is expected at Stanford.
Wednesday, at 11 a.m. "a million
students at 400 colleges" have been
summoned by the Youth Committee
Against War of the Keep America
Out of War Congress to leave their
classes rm strike. This organization,
with which are affiliated such or
ganizations as the Young People's
Soicalist League and the National
Council of Methodist Youth, claims
to be working with Senators Nye
and Wheeler and Norman Thomas to
"demonstrate their opposition to in
volvement. in war."
In previous years this has been
celebrated as Peace Day at Stan
ford, however, as there is no longer
a committee for this there arc no
plans for observance this year.
A.S.S.U. President Bruce Jcssup ex
plained that the Thomas Mann as
sembly of last month was the only
event of this kind ever scheduled.
No official support of the strike
movement is expected at Stanford.
Wednesday, at 11 a.m. "a million
students at 400 colleges" have been
summoned by the Youth Committee
Against War of the Keep America
Out of War Congress to leave their
classes rm strike. This organization,
with which are affiliated such or
ganizations as the Young People's
Soicalist League and the National
Council of Methodist Youth, claims
to be working with Senators Nye
and Wheeler and Norman Thomas to
"demonstrate their opposition to in
volvement. in war."
In previous years this has been
celebrated as Peace Day at Stan
ford, however, as there is no longer
a committee for this there arc no
plans for observance this year.
A.S.S.U. President Bruce Jcssup ex
plained that the Thomas Mann as
sembly of last month was the only
event of this kind ever scheduled.
No official support of the strike
movement is expected at Stanford.
Wednesday, at 11 a.m. "a million
students at 400 colleges" have been
summoned by the Youth Committee
Against War of the Keep America
Out of War Congress to leave their
classes rm strike. This organization,
with which are affiliated such or
ganizations as the Young People's
Soicalist League and the National
Council of Methodist Youth, claims
to be working with Senators Nye
and Wheeler and Norman Thomas to
"demonstrate their opposition to in
volvement. in war."
In previous years this has been
celebrated as Peace Day at Stan
ford, however, as there is no longer
a committee for this there arc no
plans for observance this year.
A.S.S.U. President Bruce Jcssup ex
plained that the Thomas Mann as
sembly of last month was the only
event of this kind ever scheduled.
No official support of the strike
movement is expected at Stanford.
Wednesday, at 11 a.m. "a million
students at 400 colleges" have been
summoned by the Youth Committee
Against War of the Keep America
Out of War Congress to leave their
classes rm strike. This organization,
with which are affiliated such or
ganizations as the Young People's
Soicalist League and the National
Council of Methodist Youth, claims
to be working with Senators Nye
and Wheeler and Norman Thomas to
"demonstrate their opposition to in
volvement. in war."
In previous years this has been
celebrated as Peace Day at Stan
ford, however, as there is no longer
a committee for this there arc no
plans for observance this year.
A.S.S.U. President Bruce Jcssup ex
plained that the Thomas Mann as
sembly of last month was the only
event of this kind ever scheduled.
No official support of the strike
movement is expected at Stanford.
