# Little Man on Campus
## 
### Dick Bibler 

"Your term paper is sloppy, bad spelling, no organization,
poor topic—but I'll accept it. I want to finish grading these
papers, so tell mother 1 may be a little late tor supper."

"Your term paper is sloppy, bad spelling, no organization,
poor topic—but I'll accept it. I want to finish grading these
papers, so tell mother 1 may be a little late tor supper."

"Your term paper is sloppy, bad spelling, no organization,
poor topic—but I'll accept it. I want to finish grading these
papers, so tell mother 1 may be a little late tor supper."

"Your term paper is sloppy, bad spelling, no organization,
poor topic—but I'll accept it. I want to finish grading these
papers, so tell mother 1 may be a little late tor supper."

"Your term paper is sloppy, bad spelling, no organization,
poor topic—but I'll accept it. I want to finish grading these
papers, so tell mother 1 may be a little late tor supper."

"Your term paper is sloppy, bad spelling, no organization,
poor topic—but I'll accept it. I want to finish grading these
papers, so tell mother 1 may be a little late tor supper."

"Your term paper is sloppy, bad spelling, no organization,
poor topic—but I'll accept it. I want to finish grading these
papers, so tell mother 1 may be a little late tor supper."

"Your term paper is sloppy, bad spelling, no organization,
poor topic—but I'll accept it. I want to finish grading these
papers, so tell mother 1 may be a little late tor supper."

"Your term paper is sloppy, bad spelling, no organization,
poor topic—but I'll accept it. I want to finish grading these
papers, so tell mother 1 may be a little late tor supper."

"Your term paper is sloppy, bad spelling, no organization,
poor topic—but I'll accept it. I want to finish grading these
papers, so tell mother 1 may be a little late tor supper."

"Your term paper is sloppy, bad spelling, no organization,
poor topic—but I'll accept it. I want to finish grading these
papers, so tell mother 1 may be a little late tor supper."

"Your term paper is sloppy, bad spelling, no organization,
poor topic—but I'll accept it. I want to finish grading these
papers, so tell mother 1 may be a little late tor supper."

"Your term paper is sloppy, bad spelling, no organization,
poor topic—but I'll accept it. I want to finish grading these
papers, so tell mother 1 may be a little late tor supper."

"Your term paper is sloppy, bad spelling, no organization,
poor topic—but I'll accept it. I want to finish grading these
papers, so tell mother 1 may be a little late tor supper."

"Your term paper is sloppy, bad spelling, no organization,
poor topic—but I'll accept it. I want to finish grading these
papers, so tell mother 1 may be a little late tor supper."
