# Theme Chosen for Toyon Spring Ball
## 
### 
"A Night, on Capri" has been cho
sen as the theme for the Toyon
Spring Formal to be held Saturday,
April 30. from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. in
the Toyon lounge.
Tickets for the all-campus affair,
which will feature the band of Walt
Tolleson, will go on sale tomorrow
on Quad, at. the Cellar, and at the
Post Office.
As a publicity stunt for the dance,
Toyon will sponsor a peach-eating
contest, on Quad Monday noon.
"A Night, on Capri" has been cho
sen as the theme for the Toyon
Spring Formal to be held Saturday,
April 30. from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. in
the Toyon lounge.
Tickets for the all-campus affair,
which will feature the band of Walt
Tolleson, will go on sale tomorrow
on Quad, at. the Cellar, and at the
Post Office.
As a publicity stunt for the dance,
Toyon will sponsor a peach-eating
contest, on Quad Monday noon.
"A Night, on Capri" has been cho
sen as the theme for the Toyon
Spring Formal to be held Saturday,
April 30. from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. in
the Toyon lounge.
Tickets for the all-campus affair,
which will feature the band of Walt
Tolleson, will go on sale tomorrow
on Quad, at. the Cellar, and at the
Post Office.
As a publicity stunt for the dance,
Toyon will sponsor a peach-eating
contest, on Quad Monday noon.
"A Night, on Capri" has been cho
sen as the theme for the Toyon
Spring Formal to be held Saturday,
April 30. from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. in
the Toyon lounge.
Tickets for the all-campus affair,
which will feature the band of Walt
Tolleson, will go on sale tomorrow
on Quad, at. the Cellar, and at the
Post Office.
As a publicity stunt for the dance,
Toyon will sponsor a peach-eating
contest, on Quad Monday noon.
"A Night, on Capri" has been cho
sen as the theme for the Toyon
Spring Formal to be held Saturday,
April 30. from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. in
the Toyon lounge.
Tickets for the all-campus affair,
which will feature the band of Walt
Tolleson, will go on sale tomorrow
on Quad, at. the Cellar, and at the
Post Office.
As a publicity stunt for the dance,
Toyon will sponsor a peach-eating
contest, on Quad Monday noon.
"A Night, on Capri" has been cho
sen as the theme for the Toyon
Spring Formal to be held Saturday,
April 30. from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. in
the Toyon lounge.
Tickets for the all-campus affair,
which will feature the band of Walt
Tolleson, will go on sale tomorrow
on Quad, at. the Cellar, and at the
Post Office.
As a publicity stunt for the dance,
Toyon will sponsor a peach-eating
contest, on Quad Monday noon.
"A Night, on Capri" has been cho
sen as the theme for the Toyon
Spring Formal to be held Saturday,
April 30. from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. in
the Toyon lounge.
Tickets for the all-campus affair,
which will feature the band of Walt
Tolleson, will go on sale tomorrow
on Quad, at. the Cellar, and at the
Post Office.
As a publicity stunt for the dance,
Toyon will sponsor a peach-eating
contest, on Quad Monday noon.
"A Night, on Capri" has been cho
sen as the theme for the Toyon
Spring Formal to be held Saturday,
April 30. from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. in
the Toyon lounge.
Tickets for the all-campus affair,
which will feature the band of Walt
Tolleson, will go on sale tomorrow
on Quad, at. the Cellar, and at the
Post Office.
As a publicity stunt for the dance,
Toyon will sponsor a peach-eating
contest, on Quad Monday noon.
"A Night, on Capri" has been cho
sen as the theme for the Toyon
Spring Formal to be held Saturday,
April 30. from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. in
the Toyon lounge.
Tickets for the all-campus affair,
which will feature the band of Walt
Tolleson, will go on sale tomorrow
on Quad, at. the Cellar, and at the
Post Office.
As a publicity stunt for the dance,
Toyon will sponsor a peach-eating
contest, on Quad Monday noon.
"A Night, on Capri" has been cho
sen as the theme for the Toyon
Spring Formal to be held Saturday,
April 30. from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. in
the Toyon lounge.
Tickets for the all-campus affair,
which will feature the band of Walt
Tolleson, will go on sale tomorrow
on Quad, at. the Cellar, and at the
Post Office.
As a publicity stunt for the dance,
Toyon will sponsor a peach-eating
contest, on Quad Monday noon.
"A Night, on Capri" has been cho
sen as the theme for the Toyon
Spring Formal to be held Saturday,
April 30. from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. in
the Toyon lounge.
Tickets for the all-campus affair,
which will feature the band of Walt
Tolleson, will go on sale tomorrow
on Quad, at. the Cellar, and at the
Post Office.
As a publicity stunt for the dance,
Toyon will sponsor a peach-eating
contest, on Quad Monday noon.
"A Night, on Capri" has been cho
sen as the theme for the Toyon
Spring Formal to be held Saturday,
April 30. from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. in
the Toyon lounge.
Tickets for the all-campus affair,
which will feature the band of Walt
Tolleson, will go on sale tomorrow
on Quad, at. the Cellar, and at the
Post Office.
As a publicity stunt for the dance,
Toyon will sponsor a peach-eating
contest, on Quad Monday noon.
"A Night, on Capri" has been cho
sen as the theme for the Toyon
Spring Formal to be held Saturday,
April 30. from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. in
the Toyon lounge.
Tickets for the all-campus affair,
which will feature the band of Walt
Tolleson, will go on sale tomorrow
on Quad, at. the Cellar, and at the
Post Office.
As a publicity stunt for the dance,
Toyon will sponsor a peach-eating
contest, on Quad Monday noon.
"A Night, on Capri" has been cho
sen as the theme for the Toyon
Spring Formal to be held Saturday,
April 30. from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. in
the Toyon lounge.
Tickets for the all-campus affair,
which will feature the band of Walt
Tolleson, will go on sale tomorrow
on Quad, at. the Cellar, and at the
Post Office.
As a publicity stunt for the dance,
Toyon will sponsor a peach-eating
contest, on Quad Monday noon.
"A Night, on Capri" has been cho
sen as the theme for the Toyon
Spring Formal to be held Saturday,
April 30. from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. in
the Toyon lounge.
Tickets for the all-campus affair,
which will feature the band of Walt
Tolleson, will go on sale tomorrow
on Quad, at. the Cellar, and at the
Post Office.
As a publicity stunt for the dance,
Toyon will sponsor a peach-eating
contest, on Quad Monday noon.
