# UNION CELLAR.
## Service Stops Temporarily. Some Changes Will Be Made. A 						New Self-service Bar. 
### 
To facilitate the proposed con
struction of a new soda fountain
and service bar, the Union Cellar
will be closed during spring vaca
tion.
During vacation week, with the
exception of Sunday, March 24, an
impromptu food service will be
handled from the cigar counter. Or
ange juice, pastries, and beverages
will be available at breakfast time
and plain sandwiches at noon. The
cigar counter will close at 5 o'clock
daily.
The major alterations will be the
enlargement of the counter to in
clude a permanent self-service bar
and a new soda fountain. The self
service bar, used by approximately I
1,800 students daily, will be located
near the entrance of the main din
ing parlor.
The same counters will be remod- '
eled and enlarged by seven seats to |
allow for the service bar and for
increased space within the counters.
The entrance from the cigar counter
will be closed as the steps are to be
removed to allow for the enlarge- I
mem.
To facilitate the proposed con
struction of a new soda fountain
and service bar, the Union Cellar
will be closed during spring vaca
tion.
During vacation week, with the
exception of Sunday, March 24, an
impromptu food service will be
handled from the cigar counter. Or
ange juice, pastries, and beverages
will be available at breakfast time
and plain sandwiches at noon. The
cigar counter will close at 5 o'clock
daily.
The major alterations will be the
enlargement of the counter to in
clude a permanent self-service bar
and a new soda fountain. The self
service bar, used by approximately I
1,800 students daily, will be located
near the entrance of the main din
ing parlor.
The same counters will be remod- '
eled and enlarged by seven seats to |
allow for the service bar and for
increased space within the counters.
The entrance from the cigar counter
will be closed as the steps are to be
removed to allow for the enlarge- I
mem.
To facilitate the proposed con
struction of a new soda fountain
and service bar, the Union Cellar
will be closed during spring vaca
tion.
During vacation week, with the
exception of Sunday, March 24, an
impromptu food service will be
handled from the cigar counter. Or
ange juice, pastries, and beverages
will be available at breakfast time
and plain sandwiches at noon. The
cigar counter will close at 5 o'clock
daily.
The major alterations will be the
enlargement of the counter to in
clude a permanent self-service bar
and a new soda fountain. The self
service bar, used by approximately I
1,800 students daily, will be located
near the entrance of the main din
ing parlor.
The same counters will be remod- '
eled and enlarged by seven seats to |
allow for the service bar and for
increased space within the counters.
The entrance from the cigar counter
will be closed as the steps are to be
removed to allow for the enlarge- I
mem.
To facilitate the proposed con
struction of a new soda fountain
and service bar, the Union Cellar
will be closed during spring vaca
tion.
During vacation week, with the
exception of Sunday, March 24, an
impromptu food service will be
handled from the cigar counter. Or
ange juice, pastries, and beverages
will be available at breakfast time
and plain sandwiches at noon. The
cigar counter will close at 5 o'clock
daily.
The major alterations will be the
enlargement of the counter to in
clude a permanent self-service bar
and a new soda fountain. The self
service bar, used by approximately I
1,800 students daily, will be located
near the entrance of the main din
ing parlor.
The same counters will be remod- '
eled and enlarged by seven seats to |
allow for the service bar and for
increased space within the counters.
The entrance from the cigar counter
will be closed as the steps are to be
removed to allow for the enlarge- I
mem.
To facilitate the proposed con
struction of a new soda fountain
and service bar, the Union Cellar
will be closed during spring vaca
tion.
During vacation week, with the
exception of Sunday, March 24, an
impromptu food service will be
handled from the cigar counter. Or
ange juice, pastries, and beverages
will be available at breakfast time
and plain sandwiches at noon. The
cigar counter will close at 5 o'clock
daily.
The major alterations will be the
enlargement of the counter to in
clude a permanent self-service bar
and a new soda fountain. The self
service bar, used by approximately I
1,800 students daily, will be located
near the entrance of the main din
ing parlor.
The same counters will be remod- '
eled and enlarged by seven seats to |
allow for the service bar and for
increased space within the counters.
The entrance from the cigar counter
will be closed as the steps are to be
removed to allow for the enlarge- I
mem.
To facilitate the proposed con
struction of a new soda fountain
and service bar, the Union Cellar
will be closed during spring vaca
tion.
During vacation week, with the
exception of Sunday, March 24, an
impromptu food service will be
handled from the cigar counter. Or
ange juice, pastries, and beverages
will be available at breakfast time
and plain sandwiches at noon. The
cigar counter will close at 5 o'clock
daily.
The major alterations will be the
enlargement of the counter to in
clude a permanent self-service bar
and a new soda fountain. The self
service bar, used by approximately I
1,800 students daily, will be located
near the entrance of the main din
ing parlor.
The same counters will be remod- '
eled and enlarged by seven seats to |
allow for the service bar and for
increased space within the counters.
The entrance from the cigar counter
will be closed as the steps are to be
removed to allow for the enlarge- I
mem.
To facilitate the proposed con
struction of a new soda fountain
and service bar, the Union Cellar
will be closed during spring vaca
tion.
During vacation week, with the
exception of Sunday, March 24, an
impromptu food service will be
handled from the cigar counter. Or
ange juice, pastries, and beverages
will be available at breakfast time
and plain sandwiches at noon. The
cigar counter will close at 5 o'clock
daily.
The major alterations will be the
enlargement of the counter to in
clude a permanent self-service bar
and a new soda fountain. The self
service bar, used by approximately I
1,800 students daily, will be located
near the entrance of the main din
ing parlor.
The same counters will be remod- '
eled and enlarged by seven seats to |
allow for the service bar and for
increased space within the counters.
The entrance from the cigar counter
will be closed as the steps are to be
removed to allow for the enlarge- I
mem.
To facilitate the proposed con
struction of a new soda fountain
and service bar, the Union Cellar
will be closed during spring vaca
tion.
During vacation week, with the
exception of Sunday, March 24, an
impromptu food service will be
handled from the cigar counter. Or
ange juice, pastries, and beverages
will be available at breakfast time
and plain sandwiches at noon. The
cigar counter will close at 5 o'clock
daily.
The major alterations will be the
enlargement of the counter to in
clude a permanent self-service bar
and a new soda fountain. The self
service bar, used by approximately I
1,800 students daily, will be located
near the entrance of the main din
ing parlor.
The same counters will be remod- '
eled and enlarged by seven seats to |
allow for the service bar and for
increased space within the counters.
The entrance from the cigar counter
will be closed as the steps are to be
removed to allow for the enlarge- I
mem.
To facilitate the proposed con
struction of a new soda fountain
and service bar, the Union Cellar
will be closed during spring vaca
tion.
During vacation week, with the
exception of Sunday, March 24, an
impromptu food service will be
handled from the cigar counter. Or
ange juice, pastries, and beverages
will be available at breakfast time
and plain sandwiches at noon. The
cigar counter will close at 5 o'clock
daily.
The major alterations will be the
enlargement of the counter to in
clude a permanent self-service bar
and a new soda fountain. The self
service bar, used by approximately I
1,800 students daily, will be located
near the entrance of the main din
ing parlor.
The same counters will be remod- '
eled and enlarged by seven seats to |
allow for the service bar and for
increased space within the counters.
The entrance from the cigar counter
will be closed as the steps are to be
removed to allow for the enlarge- I
mem.
To facilitate the proposed con
struction of a new soda fountain
and service bar, the Union Cellar
will be closed during spring vaca
tion.
During vacation week, with the
exception of Sunday, March 24, an
impromptu food service will be
handled from the cigar counter. Or
ange juice, pastries, and beverages
will be available at breakfast time
and plain sandwiches at noon. The
cigar counter will close at 5 o'clock
daily.
The major alterations will be the
enlargement of the counter to in
clude a permanent self-service bar
and a new soda fountain. The self
service bar, used by approximately I
1,800 students daily, will be located
near the entrance of the main din
ing parlor.
The same counters will be remod- '
eled and enlarged by seven seats to |
allow for the service bar and for
increased space within the counters.
The entrance from the cigar counter
will be closed as the steps are to be
removed to allow for the enlarge- I
mem.
To facilitate the proposed con
struction of a new soda fountain
and service bar, the Union Cellar
will be closed during spring vaca
tion.
During vacation week, with the
exception of Sunday, March 24, an
impromptu food service will be
handled from the cigar counter. Or
ange juice, pastries, and beverages
will be available at breakfast time
and plain sandwiches at noon. The
cigar counter will close at 5 o'clock
daily.
The major alterations will be the
enlargement of the counter to in
clude a permanent self-service bar
and a new soda fountain. The self
service bar, used by approximately I
1,800 students daily, will be located
near the entrance of the main din
ing parlor.
The same counters will be remod- '
eled and enlarged by seven seats to |
allow for the service bar and for
increased space within the counters.
The entrance from the cigar counter
will be closed as the steps are to be
removed to allow for the enlarge- I
mem.
To facilitate the proposed con
struction of a new soda fountain
and service bar, the Union Cellar
will be closed during spring vaca
tion.
During vacation week, with the
exception of Sunday, March 24, an
impromptu food service will be
handled from the cigar counter. Or
ange juice, pastries, and beverages
will be available at breakfast time
and plain sandwiches at noon. The
cigar counter will close at 5 o'clock
daily.
The major alterations will be the
enlargement of the counter to in
clude a permanent self-service bar
and a new soda fountain. The self
service bar, used by approximately I
1,800 students daily, will be located
near the entrance of the main din
ing parlor.
The same counters will be remod- '
eled and enlarged by seven seats to |
allow for the service bar and for
increased space within the counters.
The entrance from the cigar counter
will be closed as the steps are to be
removed to allow for the enlarge- I
mem.
To facilitate the proposed con
struction of a new soda fountain
and service bar, the Union Cellar
will be closed during spring vaca
tion.
During vacation week, with the
exception of Sunday, March 24, an
impromptu food service will be
handled from the cigar counter. Or
ange juice, pastries, and beverages
will be available at breakfast time
and plain sandwiches at noon. The
cigar counter will close at 5 o'clock
daily.
The major alterations will be the
enlargement of the counter to in
clude a permanent self-service bar
and a new soda fountain. The self
service bar, used by approximately I
1,800 students daily, will be located
near the entrance of the main din
ing parlor.
The same counters will be remod- '
eled and enlarged by seven seats to |
allow for the service bar and for
increased space within the counters.
The entrance from the cigar counter
will be closed as the steps are to be
removed to allow for the enlarge- I
mem.
To facilitate the proposed con
struction of a new soda fountain
and service bar, the Union Cellar
will be closed during spring vaca
tion.
During vacation week, with the
exception of Sunday, March 24, an
impromptu food service will be
handled from the cigar counter. Or
ange juice, pastries, and beverages
will be available at breakfast time
and plain sandwiches at noon. The
cigar counter will close at 5 o'clock
daily.
The major alterations will be the
enlargement of the counter to in
clude a permanent self-service bar
and a new soda fountain. The self
service bar, used by approximately I
1,800 students daily, will be located
near the entrance of the main din
ing parlor.
The same counters will be remod- '
eled and enlarged by seven seats to |
allow for the service bar and for
increased space within the counters.
The entrance from the cigar counter
will be closed as the steps are to be
removed to allow for the enlarge- I
mem.
To facilitate the proposed con
struction of a new soda fountain
and service bar, the Union Cellar
will be closed during spring vaca
tion.
During vacation week, with the
exception of Sunday, March 24, an
impromptu food service will be
handled from the cigar counter. Or
ange juice, pastries, and beverages
will be available at breakfast time
and plain sandwiches at noon. The
cigar counter will close at 5 o'clock
daily.
The major alterations will be the
enlargement of the counter to in
clude a permanent self-service bar
and a new soda fountain. The self
service bar, used by approximately I
1,800 students daily, will be located
near the entrance of the main din
ing parlor.
The same counters will be remod- '
eled and enlarged by seven seats to |
allow for the service bar and for
increased space within the counters.
The entrance from the cigar counter
will be closed as the steps are to be
removed to allow for the enlarge- I
mem.
To facilitate the proposed con
struction of a new soda fountain
and service bar, the Union Cellar
will be closed during spring vaca
tion.
During vacation week, with the
exception of Sunday, March 24, an
impromptu food service will be
handled from the cigar counter. Or
ange juice, pastries, and beverages
will be available at breakfast time
and plain sandwiches at noon. The
cigar counter will close at 5 o'clock
daily.
The major alterations will be the
enlargement of the counter to in
clude a permanent self-service bar
and a new soda fountain. The self
service bar, used by approximately I
1,800 students daily, will be located
near the entrance of the main din
ing parlor.
The same counters will be remod- '
eled and enlarged by seven seats to |
allow for the service bar and for
increased space within the counters.
The entrance from the cigar counter
will be closed as the steps are to be
removed to allow for the enlarge- I
mem.
To facilitate the proposed con
struction of a new soda fountain
and service bar, the Union Cellar
will be closed during spring vaca
tion.
During vacation week, with the
exception of Sunday, March 24, an
impromptu food service will be
handled from the cigar counter. Or
ange juice, pastries, and beverages
will be available at breakfast time
and plain sandwiches at noon. The
cigar counter will close at 5 o'clock
daily.
The major alterations will be the
enlargement of the counter to in
clude a permanent self-service bar
and a new soda fountain. The self
service bar, used by approximately I
1,800 students daily, will be located
near the entrance of the main din
ing parlor.
The same counters will be remod- '
eled and enlarged by seven seats to |
allow for the service bar and for
increased space within the counters.
The entrance from the cigar counter
will be closed as the steps are to be
removed to allow for the enlarge- I
mem.
