# After-School Sports
## FRANK GUTHRIE, Sports Editor HERE ROUGHS USED TO PROCURE THEIR NEW, USED BICYCLES 
### 

The Columbia Cyclery, shown here, was known as one ci the finest purveyors of' wheeled goods over
the entire peninsula. Stanford men, and women, too, bought their new and used one and twa-scated
models here.

The Columbia Cyclery, shown here, was known as one ci the finest purveyors of' wheeled goods over
the entire peninsula. Stanford men, and women, too, bought their new and used one and twa-scated
models here.

The Columbia Cyclery, shown here, was known as one ci the finest purveyors of' wheeled goods over
the entire peninsula. Stanford men, and women, too, bought their new and used one and twa-scated
models here.

The Columbia Cyclery, shown here, was known as one ci the finest purveyors of' wheeled goods over
the entire peninsula. Stanford men, and women, too, bought their new and used one and twa-scated
models here.

The Columbia Cyclery, shown here, was known as one ci the finest purveyors of' wheeled goods over
the entire peninsula. Stanford men, and women, too, bought their new and used one and twa-scated
models here.

The Columbia Cyclery, shown here, was known as one ci the finest purveyors of' wheeled goods over
the entire peninsula. Stanford men, and women, too, bought their new and used one and twa-scated
models here.

The Columbia Cyclery, shown here, was known as one ci the finest purveyors of' wheeled goods over
the entire peninsula. Stanford men, and women, too, bought their new and used one and twa-scated
models here.

The Columbia Cyclery, shown here, was known as one ci the finest purveyors of' wheeled goods over
the entire peninsula. Stanford men, and women, too, bought their new and used one and twa-scated
models here.

The Columbia Cyclery, shown here, was known as one ci the finest purveyors of' wheeled goods over
the entire peninsula. Stanford men, and women, too, bought their new and used one and twa-scated
models here.

The Columbia Cyclery, shown here, was known as one ci the finest purveyors of' wheeled goods over
the entire peninsula. Stanford men, and women, too, bought their new and used one and twa-scated
models here.

The Columbia Cyclery, shown here, was known as one ci the finest purveyors of' wheeled goods over
the entire peninsula. Stanford men, and women, too, bought their new and used one and twa-scated
models here.

The Columbia Cyclery, shown here, was known as one ci the finest purveyors of' wheeled goods over
the entire peninsula. Stanford men, and women, too, bought their new and used one and twa-scated
models here.

The Columbia Cyclery, shown here, was known as one ci the finest purveyors of' wheeled goods over
the entire peninsula. Stanford men, and women, too, bought their new and used one and twa-scated
models here.

The Columbia Cyclery, shown here, was known as one ci the finest purveyors of' wheeled goods over
the entire peninsula. Stanford men, and women, too, bought their new and used one and twa-scated
models here.

The Columbia Cyclery, shown here, was known as one ci the finest purveyors of' wheeled goods over
the entire peninsula. Stanford men, and women, too, bought their new and used one and twa-scated
models here.

The Columbia Cyclery, shown here, was known as one ci the finest purveyors of' wheeled goods over
the entire peninsula. Stanford men, and women, too, bought their new and used one and twa-scated
models here.

The Columbia Cyclery, shown here, was known as one ci the finest purveyors of' wheeled goods over
the entire peninsula. Stanford men, and women, too, bought their new and used one and twa-scated
models here.
