# Money Lost.
## 
### 
A checking account is the only safe
guard,—it costs you nothing and helps
you to aconomize. The jingle is a
temptation to spend,—you think be
fore you write a check. We want to
help you.
FHtST NATIONAL BANK
Palo Alto.
A checking account is the only safe
guard,—it costs you nothing and helps
you to aconomize. The jingle is a
temptation to spend,—you think be
fore you write a check. We want to
help you.
FHtST NATIONAL BANK
Palo Alto.
A checking account is the only safe
guard,—it costs you nothing and helps
you to aconomize. The jingle is a
temptation to spend,—you think be
fore you write a check. We want to
help you.
FHtST NATIONAL BANK
Palo Alto.
A checking account is the only safe
guard,—it costs you nothing and helps
you to aconomize. The jingle is a
temptation to spend,—you think be
fore you write a check. We want to
help you.
FHtST NATIONAL BANK
Palo Alto.
A checking account is the only safe
guard,—it costs you nothing and helps
you to aconomize. The jingle is a
temptation to spend,—you think be
fore you write a check. We want to
help you.
FHtST NATIONAL BANK
Palo Alto.
A checking account is the only safe
guard,—it costs you nothing and helps
you to aconomize. The jingle is a
temptation to spend,—you think be
fore you write a check. We want to
help you.
FHtST NATIONAL BANK
Palo Alto.
A checking account is the only safe
guard,—it costs you nothing and helps
you to aconomize. The jingle is a
temptation to spend,—you think be
fore you write a check. We want to
help you.
FHtST NATIONAL BANK
Palo Alto.
A checking account is the only safe
guard,—it costs you nothing and helps
you to aconomize. The jingle is a
temptation to spend,—you think be
fore you write a check. We want to
help you.
FHtST NATIONAL BANK
Palo Alto.
A checking account is the only safe
guard,—it costs you nothing and helps
you to aconomize. The jingle is a
temptation to spend,—you think be
fore you write a check. We want to
help you.
FHtST NATIONAL BANK
Palo Alto.
A checking account is the only safe
guard,—it costs you nothing and helps
you to aconomize. The jingle is a
temptation to spend,—you think be
fore you write a check. We want to
help you.
FHtST NATIONAL BANK
Palo Alto.
A checking account is the only safe
guard,—it costs you nothing and helps
you to aconomize. The jingle is a
temptation to spend,—you think be
fore you write a check. We want to
help you.
FHtST NATIONAL BANK
Palo Alto.
