# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A portion of the Student Body ap
pear to have forgotten that they are a
part of the University and that as
such they owe a certain respect and
reverence for that institution. There
is no easier or more dignified manner
of showing this respect than by the
observation of the custom of rising
and remaining standing throughout
the singing of "Hail Stanford Hail."
Yet at the opening game of the season,
many students hurried away from the
bleachers without taking part in, or
waiting for the conclusion of that
song. This is a small act upon the
part of any student, but it is signifi
cant of much that is due the Univer
sity as an institution. This custom
should be continued and those who do
not enter into the spirit of the tradi
tion are to be severely censured.
