# Former Secretary Charged With Theft
## 
### 
HOLLYWOOD. May 1 (UP). —
Simone Simon, film actress, will be
recalled to the witness stand in Su
perior Court tomorrow to conclude
testimony against a former secre
tary who is charged with appro
priating $20,000 from the actress'
bank account.
The state contends the secretary.
Sandra Martin, 32. transformed the
money into frocks, coats and jewels,
after forging Miss Simon's power of
attorney.
HOLLYWOOD. May 1 (UP). —
Simone Simon, film actress, will be
recalled to the witness stand in Su
perior Court tomorrow to conclude
testimony against a former secre
tary who is charged with appro
priating $20,000 from the actress'
bank account.
The state contends the secretary.
Sandra Martin, 32. transformed the
money into frocks, coats and jewels,
after forging Miss Simon's power of
attorney.
HOLLYWOOD. May 1 (UP). —
Simone Simon, film actress, will be
recalled to the witness stand in Su
perior Court tomorrow to conclude
testimony against a former secre
tary who is charged with appro
priating $20,000 from the actress'
bank account.
The state contends the secretary.
Sandra Martin, 32. transformed the
money into frocks, coats and jewels,
after forging Miss Simon's power of
attorney.
HOLLYWOOD. May 1 (UP). —
Simone Simon, film actress, will be
recalled to the witness stand in Su
perior Court tomorrow to conclude
testimony against a former secre
tary who is charged with appro
priating $20,000 from the actress'
bank account.
The state contends the secretary.
Sandra Martin, 32. transformed the
money into frocks, coats and jewels,
after forging Miss Simon's power of
attorney.
HOLLYWOOD. May 1 (UP). —
Simone Simon, film actress, will be
recalled to the witness stand in Su
perior Court tomorrow to conclude
testimony against a former secre
tary who is charged with appro
priating $20,000 from the actress'
bank account.
The state contends the secretary.
Sandra Martin, 32. transformed the
money into frocks, coats and jewels,
after forging Miss Simon's power of
attorney.
HOLLYWOOD. May 1 (UP). —
Simone Simon, film actress, will be
recalled to the witness stand in Su
perior Court tomorrow to conclude
testimony against a former secre
tary who is charged with appro
priating $20,000 from the actress'
bank account.
The state contends the secretary.
Sandra Martin, 32. transformed the
money into frocks, coats and jewels,
after forging Miss Simon's power of
attorney.
HOLLYWOOD. May 1 (UP). —
Simone Simon, film actress, will be
recalled to the witness stand in Su
perior Court tomorrow to conclude
testimony against a former secre
tary who is charged with appro
priating $20,000 from the actress'
bank account.
The state contends the secretary.
Sandra Martin, 32. transformed the
money into frocks, coats and jewels,
after forging Miss Simon's power of
attorney.
HOLLYWOOD. May 1 (UP). —
Simone Simon, film actress, will be
recalled to the witness stand in Su
perior Court tomorrow to conclude
testimony against a former secre
tary who is charged with appro
priating $20,000 from the actress'
bank account.
The state contends the secretary.
Sandra Martin, 32. transformed the
money into frocks, coats and jewels,
after forging Miss Simon's power of
attorney.
HOLLYWOOD. May 1 (UP). —
Simone Simon, film actress, will be
recalled to the witness stand in Su
perior Court tomorrow to conclude
testimony against a former secre
tary who is charged with appro
priating $20,000 from the actress'
bank account.
The state contends the secretary.
Sandra Martin, 32. transformed the
money into frocks, coats and jewels,
after forging Miss Simon's power of
attorney.
HOLLYWOOD. May 1 (UP). —
Simone Simon, film actress, will be
recalled to the witness stand in Su
perior Court tomorrow to conclude
testimony against a former secre
tary who is charged with appro
priating $20,000 from the actress'
bank account.
The state contends the secretary.
Sandra Martin, 32. transformed the
money into frocks, coats and jewels,
after forging Miss Simon's power of
attorney.
HOLLYWOOD. May 1 (UP). —
Simone Simon, film actress, will be
recalled to the witness stand in Su
perior Court tomorrow to conclude
testimony against a former secre
tary who is charged with appro
priating $20,000 from the actress'
bank account.
The state contends the secretary.
Sandra Martin, 32. transformed the
money into frocks, coats and jewels,
after forging Miss Simon's power of
attorney.
HOLLYWOOD. May 1 (UP). —
Simone Simon, film actress, will be
recalled to the witness stand in Su
perior Court tomorrow to conclude
testimony against a former secre
tary who is charged with appro
priating $20,000 from the actress'
bank account.
The state contends the secretary.
Sandra Martin, 32. transformed the
money into frocks, coats and jewels,
after forging Miss Simon's power of
attorney.
HOLLYWOOD. May 1 (UP). —
Simone Simon, film actress, will be
recalled to the witness stand in Su
perior Court tomorrow to conclude
testimony against a former secre
tary who is charged with appro
priating $20,000 from the actress'
bank account.
The state contends the secretary.
Sandra Martin, 32. transformed the
money into frocks, coats and jewels,
after forging Miss Simon's power of
attorney.
HOLLYWOOD. May 1 (UP). —
Simone Simon, film actress, will be
recalled to the witness stand in Su
perior Court tomorrow to conclude
testimony against a former secre
tary who is charged with appro
priating $20,000 from the actress'
bank account.
The state contends the secretary.
Sandra Martin, 32. transformed the
money into frocks, coats and jewels,
after forging Miss Simon's power of
attorney.
HOLLYWOOD. May 1 (UP). —
Simone Simon, film actress, will be
recalled to the witness stand in Su
perior Court tomorrow to conclude
testimony against a former secre
tary who is charged with appro
priating $20,000 from the actress'
bank account.
The state contends the secretary.
Sandra Martin, 32. transformed the
money into frocks, coats and jewels,
after forging Miss Simon's power of
attorney.
