# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Calamity has always served to
bring out the highest and noblest
qualities in men and women. When
the call for volunteers to relieve
the sufferers of San Francisco waß
made this morning, every student
in the University was eager to ten
der his services to the cause of
humanity. Nothing could he more
magnificent than the unselfish de
votion displayed by the brave men
and women of the University. It
furnishes the grandest commentary
on our spirit and our ideals that
could possibly be desired.
Calamity has always served to
bring out the highest and noblest
qualities in men and women. When
the call for volunteers to relieve
the sufferers of San Francisco waß
made this morning, every student
in the University was eager to ten
der his services to the cause of
humanity. Nothing could he more
magnificent than the unselfish de
votion displayed by the brave men
and women of the University. It
furnishes the grandest commentary
on our spirit and our ideals that
could possibly be desired.
Calamity has always served to
bring out the highest and noblest
qualities in men and women. When
the call for volunteers to relieve
the sufferers of San Francisco waß
made this morning, every student
in the University was eager to ten
der his services to the cause of
humanity. Nothing could he more
magnificent than the unselfish de
votion displayed by the brave men
and women of the University. It
furnishes the grandest commentary
on our spirit and our ideals that
could possibly be desired.
Calamity has always served to
bring out the highest and noblest
qualities in men and women. When
the call for volunteers to relieve
the sufferers of San Francisco waß
made this morning, every student
in the University was eager to ten
der his services to the cause of
humanity. Nothing could he more
magnificent than the unselfish de
votion displayed by the brave men
and women of the University. It
furnishes the grandest commentary
on our spirit and our ideals that
could possibly be desired.
Calamity has always served to
bring out the highest and noblest
qualities in men and women. When
the call for volunteers to relieve
the sufferers of San Francisco waß
made this morning, every student
in the University was eager to ten
der his services to the cause of
humanity. Nothing could he more
magnificent than the unselfish de
votion displayed by the brave men
and women of the University. It
furnishes the grandest commentary
on our spirit and our ideals that
could possibly be desired.
Calamity has always served to
bring out the highest and noblest
qualities in men and women. When
the call for volunteers to relieve
the sufferers of San Francisco waß
made this morning, every student
in the University was eager to ten
der his services to the cause of
humanity. Nothing could he more
magnificent than the unselfish de
votion displayed by the brave men
and women of the University. It
furnishes the grandest commentary
on our spirit and our ideals that
could possibly be desired.
Calamity has always served to
bring out the highest and noblest
qualities in men and women. When
the call for volunteers to relieve
the sufferers of San Francisco waß
made this morning, every student
in the University was eager to ten
der his services to the cause of
humanity. Nothing could he more
magnificent than the unselfish de
votion displayed by the brave men
and women of the University. It
furnishes the grandest commentary
on our spirit and our ideals that
could possibly be desired.
Calamity has always served to
bring out the highest and noblest
qualities in men and women. When
the call for volunteers to relieve
the sufferers of San Francisco waß
made this morning, every student
in the University was eager to ten
der his services to the cause of
humanity. Nothing could he more
magnificent than the unselfish de
votion displayed by the brave men
and women of the University. It
furnishes the grandest commentary
on our spirit and our ideals that
could possibly be desired.
