# Rebuilding Not a Present Issue
## 
### 
Dr. Jordan states, in view of va
rious rumors, that in his judgment
the Board of Trustees will approve
the immediate restoration of the
injured parts of the quadrangles
and Engineering buildings, of the
Chemistry building and of Encina
and Roble.
The question of further building
rests with the Board of Trustees,
and Dr. Jordan does not feel that
he should speak for them. He
thinks it probable, however, that no
effort will be made to restore the
remaining buildings at present,
and perhaps not for a long time to
come.
The first consideration will nat
urally be the strengthening of the
University as a center of instruc
tion and research and the adequate
equipment of the departments that
exist.
