# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Nancy Foss, '52, to Ter
ry Pureell, Oregon State Theta Xi
'47, Stanford Business School '49.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Nancy Foss, '52, to Ter
ry Pureell, Oregon State Theta Xi
'47, Stanford Business School '49.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Nancy Foss, '52, to Ter
ry Pureell, Oregon State Theta Xi
'47, Stanford Business School '49.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Nancy Foss, '52, to Ter
ry Pureell, Oregon State Theta Xi
'47, Stanford Business School '49.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Nancy Foss, '52, to Ter
ry Pureell, Oregon State Theta Xi
'47, Stanford Business School '49.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Nancy Foss, '52, to Ter
ry Pureell, Oregon State Theta Xi
'47, Stanford Business School '49.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Nancy Foss, '52, to Ter
ry Pureell, Oregon State Theta Xi
'47, Stanford Business School '49.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Nancy Foss, '52, to Ter
ry Pureell, Oregon State Theta Xi
'47, Stanford Business School '49.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Nancy Foss, '52, to Ter
ry Pureell, Oregon State Theta Xi
'47, Stanford Business School '49.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Nancy Foss, '52, to Ter
ry Pureell, Oregon State Theta Xi
'47, Stanford Business School '49.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Nancy Foss, '52, to Ter
ry Pureell, Oregon State Theta Xi
'47, Stanford Business School '49.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Nancy Foss, '52, to Ter
ry Pureell, Oregon State Theta Xi
'47, Stanford Business School '49.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Nancy Foss, '52, to Ter
ry Pureell, Oregon State Theta Xi
'47, Stanford Business School '49.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Nancy Foss, '52, to Ter
ry Pureell, Oregon State Theta Xi
'47, Stanford Business School '49.
