# Girl Cagers Start
## 
### 
The WRA winter quarter bas
ketball season begins this week
with practice sessions for the in
tramural basketball tournament.
All women's residences have been
invited to enter teams. Games
will be played on Tuesday and
Thursday for the rest of the
quarter. A trophy will be awarded
in March to the intramural cham
pion.
The girls intercollegiate basket
ball team has also scheduled
games with San Francisco State,
San Jose State, and Cal, one of
the toughest schedules the girls
have had in recent years.
The WRA winter quarter bas
ketball season begins this week
with practice sessions for the in
tramural basketball tournament.
All women's residences have been
invited to enter teams. Games
will be played on Tuesday and
Thursday for the rest of the
quarter. A trophy will be awarded
in March to the intramural cham
pion.
The girls intercollegiate basket
ball team has also scheduled
games with San Francisco State,
San Jose State, and Cal, one of
the toughest schedules the girls
have had in recent years.
The WRA winter quarter bas
ketball season begins this week
with practice sessions for the in
tramural basketball tournament.
All women's residences have been
invited to enter teams. Games
will be played on Tuesday and
Thursday for the rest of the
quarter. A trophy will be awarded
in March to the intramural cham
pion.
The girls intercollegiate basket
ball team has also scheduled
games with San Francisco State,
San Jose State, and Cal, one of
the toughest schedules the girls
have had in recent years.
The WRA winter quarter bas
ketball season begins this week
with practice sessions for the in
tramural basketball tournament.
All women's residences have been
invited to enter teams. Games
will be played on Tuesday and
Thursday for the rest of the
quarter. A trophy will be awarded
in March to the intramural cham
pion.
The girls intercollegiate basket
ball team has also scheduled
games with San Francisco State,
San Jose State, and Cal, one of
the toughest schedules the girls
have had in recent years.
The WRA winter quarter bas
ketball season begins this week
with practice sessions for the in
tramural basketball tournament.
All women's residences have been
invited to enter teams. Games
will be played on Tuesday and
Thursday for the rest of the
quarter. A trophy will be awarded
in March to the intramural cham
pion.
The girls intercollegiate basket
ball team has also scheduled
games with San Francisco State,
San Jose State, and Cal, one of
the toughest schedules the girls
have had in recent years.
The WRA winter quarter bas
ketball season begins this week
with practice sessions for the in
tramural basketball tournament.
All women's residences have been
invited to enter teams. Games
will be played on Tuesday and
Thursday for the rest of the
quarter. A trophy will be awarded
in March to the intramural cham
pion.
The girls intercollegiate basket
ball team has also scheduled
games with San Francisco State,
San Jose State, and Cal, one of
the toughest schedules the girls
have had in recent years.
The WRA winter quarter bas
ketball season begins this week
with practice sessions for the in
tramural basketball tournament.
All women's residences have been
invited to enter teams. Games
will be played on Tuesday and
Thursday for the rest of the
quarter. A trophy will be awarded
in March to the intramural cham
pion.
The girls intercollegiate basket
ball team has also scheduled
games with San Francisco State,
San Jose State, and Cal, one of
the toughest schedules the girls
have had in recent years.
The WRA winter quarter bas
ketball season begins this week
with practice sessions for the in
tramural basketball tournament.
All women's residences have been
invited to enter teams. Games
will be played on Tuesday and
Thursday for the rest of the
quarter. A trophy will be awarded
in March to the intramural cham
pion.
The girls intercollegiate basket
ball team has also scheduled
games with San Francisco State,
San Jose State, and Cal, one of
the toughest schedules the girls
have had in recent years.
The WRA winter quarter bas
ketball season begins this week
with practice sessions for the in
tramural basketball tournament.
All women's residences have been
invited to enter teams. Games
will be played on Tuesday and
Thursday for the rest of the
quarter. A trophy will be awarded
in March to the intramural cham
pion.
The girls intercollegiate basket
ball team has also scheduled
games with San Francisco State,
San Jose State, and Cal, one of
the toughest schedules the girls
have had in recent years.
The WRA winter quarter bas
ketball season begins this week
with practice sessions for the in
tramural basketball tournament.
All women's residences have been
invited to enter teams. Games
will be played on Tuesday and
Thursday for the rest of the
quarter. A trophy will be awarded
in March to the intramural cham
pion.
The girls intercollegiate basket
ball team has also scheduled
games with San Francisco State,
San Jose State, and Cal, one of
the toughest schedules the girls
have had in recent years.
The WRA winter quarter bas
ketball season begins this week
with practice sessions for the in
tramural basketball tournament.
All women's residences have been
invited to enter teams. Games
will be played on Tuesday and
Thursday for the rest of the
quarter. A trophy will be awarded
in March to the intramural cham
pion.
The girls intercollegiate basket
ball team has also scheduled
games with San Francisco State,
San Jose State, and Cal, one of
the toughest schedules the girls
have had in recent years.
The WRA winter quarter bas
ketball season begins this week
with practice sessions for the in
tramural basketball tournament.
All women's residences have been
invited to enter teams. Games
will be played on Tuesday and
Thursday for the rest of the
quarter. A trophy will be awarded
in March to the intramural cham
pion.
The girls intercollegiate basket
ball team has also scheduled
games with San Francisco State,
San Jose State, and Cal, one of
the toughest schedules the girls
have had in recent years.
The WRA winter quarter bas
ketball season begins this week
with practice sessions for the in
tramural basketball tournament.
All women's residences have been
invited to enter teams. Games
will be played on Tuesday and
Thursday for the rest of the
quarter. A trophy will be awarded
in March to the intramural cham
pion.
The girls intercollegiate basket
ball team has also scheduled
games with San Francisco State,
San Jose State, and Cal, one of
the toughest schedules the girls
have had in recent years.
The WRA winter quarter bas
ketball season begins this week
with practice sessions for the in
tramural basketball tournament.
All women's residences have been
invited to enter teams. Games
will be played on Tuesday and
Thursday for the rest of the
quarter. A trophy will be awarded
in March to the intramural cham
pion.
The girls intercollegiate basket
ball team has also scheduled
games with San Francisco State,
San Jose State, and Cal, one of
the toughest schedules the girls
have had in recent years.
The WRA winter quarter bas
ketball season begins this week
with practice sessions for the in
tramural basketball tournament.
All women's residences have been
invited to enter teams. Games
will be played on Tuesday and
Thursday for the rest of the
quarter. A trophy will be awarded
in March to the intramural cham
pion.
The girls intercollegiate basket
ball team has also scheduled
games with San Francisco State,
San Jose State, and Cal, one of
the toughest schedules the girls
have had in recent years.
