# Untitled Article
## 
### 
C.E. Pemberton, '10, has been ap
pointed assistant quarantine entomol
ogist. at Honolulu.
C.E. Pemberton, '10, has been ap
pointed assistant quarantine entomol
ogist. at Honolulu.
C.E. Pemberton, '10, has been ap
pointed assistant quarantine entomol
ogist. at Honolulu.
C.E. Pemberton, '10, has been ap
pointed assistant quarantine entomol
ogist. at Honolulu.
C.E. Pemberton, '10, has been ap
pointed assistant quarantine entomol
ogist. at Honolulu.
C.E. Pemberton, '10, has been ap
pointed assistant quarantine entomol
ogist. at Honolulu.
C.E. Pemberton, '10, has been ap
pointed assistant quarantine entomol
ogist. at Honolulu.
C.E. Pemberton, '10, has been ap
pointed assistant quarantine entomol
ogist. at Honolulu.
C.E. Pemberton, '10, has been ap
pointed assistant quarantine entomol
ogist. at Honolulu.
C.E. Pemberton, '10, has been ap
pointed assistant quarantine entomol
ogist. at Honolulu.
C.E. Pemberton, '10, has been ap
pointed assistant quarantine entomol
ogist. at Honolulu.
C.E. Pemberton, '10, has been ap
pointed assistant quarantine entomol
ogist. at Honolulu.
C.E. Pemberton, '10, has been ap
pointed assistant quarantine entomol
ogist. at Honolulu.
