# Untitled Article
## 
### 
E.W. Rust, '08, has renewed his
crntract as assistant government en
tomologist of Peru, with headquarters
. at Lima.
E.W. Rust, '08, has renewed his
crntract as assistant government en
tomologist of Peru, with headquarters
. at Lima.
E.W. Rust, '08, has renewed his
crntract as assistant government en
tomologist of Peru, with headquarters
. at Lima.
E.W. Rust, '08, has renewed his
crntract as assistant government en
tomologist of Peru, with headquarters
. at Lima.
E.W. Rust, '08, has renewed his
crntract as assistant government en
tomologist of Peru, with headquarters
. at Lima.
E.W. Rust, '08, has renewed his
crntract as assistant government en
tomologist of Peru, with headquarters
. at Lima.
E.W. Rust, '08, has renewed his
crntract as assistant government en
tomologist of Peru, with headquarters
. at Lima.
E.W. Rust, '08, has renewed his
crntract as assistant government en
tomologist of Peru, with headquarters
. at Lima.
E.W. Rust, '08, has renewed his
crntract as assistant government en
tomologist of Peru, with headquarters
. at Lima.
E.W. Rust, '08, has renewed his
crntract as assistant government en
tomologist of Peru, with headquarters
. at Lima.
E.W. Rust, '08, has renewed his
crntract as assistant government en
tomologist of Peru, with headquarters
. at Lima.
E.W. Rust, '08, has renewed his
crntract as assistant government en
tomologist of Peru, with headquarters
. at Lima.
E.W. Rust, '08, has renewed his
crntract as assistant government en
tomologist of Peru, with headquarters
. at Lima.
