# ELMORE ADDRESSES LIBRARY ASSOCIATION
## 
### 
Professor J. Elmore, of the Depart
ment of Latin, addressed the Second
District California Library Associa
tion in Palo Alto last Friday on "The
Book Agent." Saturday afternoon
Professor R. L. Green, of the Mathe
matics Department, reviewed the "Old
Missions and Their Founding" before
the association.
Professor J. Elmore, of the Depart
ment of Latin, addressed the Second
District California Library Associa
tion in Palo Alto last Friday on "The
Book Agent." Saturday afternoon
Professor R. L. Green, of the Mathe
matics Department, reviewed the "Old
Missions and Their Founding" before
the association.
Professor J. Elmore, of the Depart
ment of Latin, addressed the Second
District California Library Associa
tion in Palo Alto last Friday on "The
Book Agent." Saturday afternoon
Professor R. L. Green, of the Mathe
matics Department, reviewed the "Old
Missions and Their Founding" before
the association.
Professor J. Elmore, of the Depart
ment of Latin, addressed the Second
District California Library Associa
tion in Palo Alto last Friday on "The
Book Agent." Saturday afternoon
Professor R. L. Green, of the Mathe
matics Department, reviewed the "Old
Missions and Their Founding" before
the association.
Professor J. Elmore, of the Depart
ment of Latin, addressed the Second
District California Library Associa
tion in Palo Alto last Friday on "The
Book Agent." Saturday afternoon
Professor R. L. Green, of the Mathe
matics Department, reviewed the "Old
Missions and Their Founding" before
the association.
Professor J. Elmore, of the Depart
ment of Latin, addressed the Second
District California Library Associa
tion in Palo Alto last Friday on "The
Book Agent." Saturday afternoon
Professor R. L. Green, of the Mathe
matics Department, reviewed the "Old
Missions and Their Founding" before
the association.
Professor J. Elmore, of the Depart
ment of Latin, addressed the Second
District California Library Associa
tion in Palo Alto last Friday on "The
Book Agent." Saturday afternoon
Professor R. L. Green, of the Mathe
matics Department, reviewed the "Old
Missions and Their Founding" before
the association.
Professor J. Elmore, of the Depart
ment of Latin, addressed the Second
District California Library Associa
tion in Palo Alto last Friday on "The
Book Agent." Saturday afternoon
Professor R. L. Green, of the Mathe
matics Department, reviewed the "Old
Missions and Their Founding" before
the association.
Professor J. Elmore, of the Depart
ment of Latin, addressed the Second
District California Library Associa
tion in Palo Alto last Friday on "The
Book Agent." Saturday afternoon
Professor R. L. Green, of the Mathe
matics Department, reviewed the "Old
Missions and Their Founding" before
the association.
Professor J. Elmore, of the Depart
ment of Latin, addressed the Second
District California Library Associa
tion in Palo Alto last Friday on "The
Book Agent." Saturday afternoon
Professor R. L. Green, of the Mathe
matics Department, reviewed the "Old
Missions and Their Founding" before
the association.
Professor J. Elmore, of the Depart
ment of Latin, addressed the Second
District California Library Associa
tion in Palo Alto last Friday on "The
Book Agent." Saturday afternoon
Professor R. L. Green, of the Mathe
matics Department, reviewed the "Old
Missions and Their Founding" before
the association.
Professor J. Elmore, of the Depart
ment of Latin, addressed the Second
District California Library Associa
tion in Palo Alto last Friday on "The
Book Agent." Saturday afternoon
Professor R. L. Green, of the Mathe
matics Department, reviewed the "Old
Missions and Their Founding" before
the association.
Professor J. Elmore, of the Depart
ment of Latin, addressed the Second
District California Library Associa
tion in Palo Alto last Friday on "The
Book Agent." Saturday afternoon
Professor R. L. Green, of the Mathe
matics Department, reviewed the "Old
Missions and Their Founding" before
the association.
