# ADDITIONAL COMMITTEES NAMED BY CAP AND GOWN
## 
### 
Cap and Gown announces the ap
pointment of two more undergradu
ate committees to assist in the prepa
rations for the Founders' Day dinner
on the evening of March 9. The com
mittee which will have charge of the
sale of tickets on the campus is com
posed of the Misses Ileen Bullis, '13,
Laura Herron, '14, Beatrice Bingham,
'14, and Isabel Rowell, '14. Arrange
ments for the dinner proper will be
made by a committee composed of the
Misses Florence Ober, '13, Miriam
Harrier, '14, and Eileen Everett, '14.
The undergraduates are already ac
tively engaged in preparations tor the
great home-coming celebration. The
Executive Committee of the Alumni
Association are lending their efforts
to make the affair a success.
Cap and Gown announces the ap
pointment of two more undergradu
ate committees to assist in the prepa
rations for the Founders' Day dinner
on the evening of March 9. The com
mittee which will have charge of the
sale of tickets on the campus is com
posed of the Misses Ileen Bullis, '13,
Laura Herron, '14, Beatrice Bingham,
'14, and Isabel Rowell, '14. Arrange
ments for the dinner proper will be
made by a committee composed of the
Misses Florence Ober, '13, Miriam
Harrier, '14, and Eileen Everett, '14.
The undergraduates are already ac
tively engaged in preparations tor the
great home-coming celebration. The
Executive Committee of the Alumni
Association are lending their efforts
to make the affair a success.
Cap and Gown announces the ap
pointment of two more undergradu
ate committees to assist in the prepa
rations for the Founders' Day dinner
on the evening of March 9. The com
mittee which will have charge of the
sale of tickets on the campus is com
posed of the Misses Ileen Bullis, '13,
Laura Herron, '14, Beatrice Bingham,
'14, and Isabel Rowell, '14. Arrange
ments for the dinner proper will be
made by a committee composed of the
Misses Florence Ober, '13, Miriam
Harrier, '14, and Eileen Everett, '14.
The undergraduates are already ac
tively engaged in preparations tor the
great home-coming celebration. The
Executive Committee of the Alumni
Association are lending their efforts
to make the affair a success.
Cap and Gown announces the ap
pointment of two more undergradu
ate committees to assist in the prepa
rations for the Founders' Day dinner
on the evening of March 9. The com
mittee which will have charge of the
sale of tickets on the campus is com
posed of the Misses Ileen Bullis, '13,
Laura Herron, '14, Beatrice Bingham,
'14, and Isabel Rowell, '14. Arrange
ments for the dinner proper will be
made by a committee composed of the
Misses Florence Ober, '13, Miriam
Harrier, '14, and Eileen Everett, '14.
The undergraduates are already ac
tively engaged in preparations tor the
great home-coming celebration. The
Executive Committee of the Alumni
Association are lending their efforts
to make the affair a success.
Cap and Gown announces the ap
pointment of two more undergradu
ate committees to assist in the prepa
rations for the Founders' Day dinner
on the evening of March 9. The com
mittee which will have charge of the
sale of tickets on the campus is com
posed of the Misses Ileen Bullis, '13,
Laura Herron, '14, Beatrice Bingham,
'14, and Isabel Rowell, '14. Arrange
ments for the dinner proper will be
made by a committee composed of the
Misses Florence Ober, '13, Miriam
Harrier, '14, and Eileen Everett, '14.
The undergraduates are already ac
tively engaged in preparations tor the
great home-coming celebration. The
Executive Committee of the Alumni
Association are lending their efforts
to make the affair a success.
Cap and Gown announces the ap
pointment of two more undergradu
ate committees to assist in the prepa
rations for the Founders' Day dinner
on the evening of March 9. The com
mittee which will have charge of the
sale of tickets on the campus is com
posed of the Misses Ileen Bullis, '13,
Laura Herron, '14, Beatrice Bingham,
'14, and Isabel Rowell, '14. Arrange
ments for the dinner proper will be
made by a committee composed of the
Misses Florence Ober, '13, Miriam
Harrier, '14, and Eileen Everett, '14.
The undergraduates are already ac
tively engaged in preparations tor the
great home-coming celebration. The
Executive Committee of the Alumni
Association are lending their efforts
to make the affair a success.
Cap and Gown announces the ap
pointment of two more undergradu
ate committees to assist in the prepa
rations for the Founders' Day dinner
on the evening of March 9. The com
mittee which will have charge of the
sale of tickets on the campus is com
posed of the Misses Ileen Bullis, '13,
Laura Herron, '14, Beatrice Bingham,
'14, and Isabel Rowell, '14. Arrange
ments for the dinner proper will be
made by a committee composed of the
Misses Florence Ober, '13, Miriam
Harrier, '14, and Eileen Everett, '14.
The undergraduates are already ac
tively engaged in preparations tor the
great home-coming celebration. The
Executive Committee of the Alumni
Association are lending their efforts
to make the affair a success.
Cap and Gown announces the ap
pointment of two more undergradu
ate committees to assist in the prepa
rations for the Founders' Day dinner
on the evening of March 9. The com
mittee which will have charge of the
sale of tickets on the campus is com
posed of the Misses Ileen Bullis, '13,
Laura Herron, '14, Beatrice Bingham,
'14, and Isabel Rowell, '14. Arrange
ments for the dinner proper will be
made by a committee composed of the
Misses Florence Ober, '13, Miriam
Harrier, '14, and Eileen Everett, '14.
The undergraduates are already ac
tively engaged in preparations tor the
great home-coming celebration. The
Executive Committee of the Alumni
Association are lending their efforts
to make the affair a success.
Cap and Gown announces the ap
pointment of two more undergradu
ate committees to assist in the prepa
rations for the Founders' Day dinner
on the evening of March 9. The com
mittee which will have charge of the
sale of tickets on the campus is com
posed of the Misses Ileen Bullis, '13,
Laura Herron, '14, Beatrice Bingham,
'14, and Isabel Rowell, '14. Arrange
ments for the dinner proper will be
made by a committee composed of the
Misses Florence Ober, '13, Miriam
Harrier, '14, and Eileen Everett, '14.
The undergraduates are already ac
tively engaged in preparations tor the
great home-coming celebration. The
Executive Committee of the Alumni
Association are lending their efforts
to make the affair a success.
Cap and Gown announces the ap
pointment of two more undergradu
ate committees to assist in the prepa
rations for the Founders' Day dinner
on the evening of March 9. The com
mittee which will have charge of the
sale of tickets on the campus is com
posed of the Misses Ileen Bullis, '13,
Laura Herron, '14, Beatrice Bingham,
'14, and Isabel Rowell, '14. Arrange
ments for the dinner proper will be
made by a committee composed of the
Misses Florence Ober, '13, Miriam
Harrier, '14, and Eileen Everett, '14.
The undergraduates are already ac
tively engaged in preparations tor the
great home-coming celebration. The
Executive Committee of the Alumni
Association are lending their efforts
to make the affair a success.
Cap and Gown announces the ap
pointment of two more undergradu
ate committees to assist in the prepa
rations for the Founders' Day dinner
on the evening of March 9. The com
mittee which will have charge of the
sale of tickets on the campus is com
posed of the Misses Ileen Bullis, '13,
Laura Herron, '14, Beatrice Bingham,
'14, and Isabel Rowell, '14. Arrange
ments for the dinner proper will be
made by a committee composed of the
Misses Florence Ober, '13, Miriam
Harrier, '14, and Eileen Everett, '14.
The undergraduates are already ac
tively engaged in preparations tor the
great home-coming celebration. The
Executive Committee of the Alumni
Association are lending their efforts
to make the affair a success.
Cap and Gown announces the ap
pointment of two more undergradu
ate committees to assist in the prepa
rations for the Founders' Day dinner
on the evening of March 9. The com
mittee which will have charge of the
sale of tickets on the campus is com
posed of the Misses Ileen Bullis, '13,
Laura Herron, '14, Beatrice Bingham,
'14, and Isabel Rowell, '14. Arrange
ments for the dinner proper will be
made by a committee composed of the
Misses Florence Ober, '13, Miriam
Harrier, '14, and Eileen Everett, '14.
The undergraduates are already ac
tively engaged in preparations tor the
great home-coming celebration. The
Executive Committee of the Alumni
Association are lending their efforts
to make the affair a success.
Cap and Gown announces the ap
pointment of two more undergradu
ate committees to assist in the prepa
rations for the Founders' Day dinner
on the evening of March 9. The com
mittee which will have charge of the
sale of tickets on the campus is com
posed of the Misses Ileen Bullis, '13,
Laura Herron, '14, Beatrice Bingham,
'14, and Isabel Rowell, '14. Arrange
ments for the dinner proper will be
made by a committee composed of the
Misses Florence Ober, '13, Miriam
Harrier, '14, and Eileen Everett, '14.
The undergraduates are already ac
tively engaged in preparations tor the
great home-coming celebration. The
Executive Committee of the Alumni
Association are lending their efforts
to make the affair a success.
