# MAY BE POSTPONED.
## Condition of Track Will Probably Delay First Field-Meet.â€”Order of Events. 
### 
The field-day scheduled for the
22d of this month may have to be
postponed. It will take several
days to get the cinders spread and
the track in shape for hard work.
If the present had weather con
tinues, it may not be ready in time
for practice. It is not thought best
to hold the field-day without hav
ing given the men two or three
days' training on the new track.
The cinders have been taken from
the car and placed beside the track
preparatory to the working of them
into the clay. The best tracks are
made of a mixture of loam and
cinders, but as there is no loam
obtainable the cinders will be
worked into the clay covering
which is now on the track. The
advantage of a cinder path over
the clay is that the former may be
used continually during wet
weather, and when dry it does not
bake hard like the latter. Every
runner has a fear of the splints, a
soreness resulting from exercise on
hard ground. Some soreness is un
avoidable, but a great deal will be
obviated by the new track.
The order of track events as
changed by last year's athletic
agreement will be run through in
the preliminary meets as follows:
(1) mile run; (2) 100-yard heats;
(3) 120-yard hurdle heats; (4) 100-
yard final; (5) 120-yard hurdle
final; (6) 440-yard run; (7) two
mile run; (8) 220-yard hurdle
heats; (9) 220-yard dash heats;
(10) one-half-mile run; (11) 220-
yard hurdle final; (12) 220-yard
dash final; (13) one-mile relay
race.
The order of field events was not
changed. it is: (1) 16-pound
hammer-throw; (2) running high
jump; (3) shot-put; (4) running
broad jump; (5) pole-vault.
The relay race between the differ
ent University organizations will
not take place until later in the
season, probably in the middle of
March.
