# Student Volunteers' Union.
## 
### 
The Around-the-Bay Student
Volunteer Union" is holding a
meeting at Berkeley, one session
being at 4 o'clock this afternoon
and another at 9:30 Saturday morn
ing. The union is composed of
about thirty students, who are can
didates for the foreign mission field,
from Berkeley, Stanford, Cooper
Medical College, San Ansel mo Sem
inary, and the University of the
Pacific. Stanford has four dele
gates present.
It is expected that the next pub
lic meeting will be at Stanford
sometime in April, at which the
three Berkeley delegates to the
great international assembly, soon
to convene in Toronto, Canada,will
give short reports. The executive
committee will make provisional
plans regarding their meeting on
Saturday morning.
The Around-the-Bay Student
Volunteer Union" is holding a
meeting at Berkeley, one session
being at 4 o'clock this afternoon
and another at 9:30 Saturday morn
ing. The union is composed of
about thirty students, who are can
didates for the foreign mission field,
from Berkeley, Stanford, Cooper
Medical College, San Ansel mo Sem
inary, and the University of the
Pacific. Stanford has four dele
gates present.
It is expected that the next pub
lic meeting will be at Stanford
sometime in April, at which the
three Berkeley delegates to the
great international assembly, soon
to convene in Toronto, Canada,will
give short reports. The executive
committee will make provisional
plans regarding their meeting on
Saturday morning.
The Around-the-Bay Student
Volunteer Union" is holding a
meeting at Berkeley, one session
being at 4 o'clock this afternoon
and another at 9:30 Saturday morn
ing. The union is composed of
about thirty students, who are can
didates for the foreign mission field,
from Berkeley, Stanford, Cooper
Medical College, San Ansel mo Sem
inary, and the University of the
Pacific. Stanford has four dele
gates present.
It is expected that the next pub
lic meeting will be at Stanford
sometime in April, at which the
three Berkeley delegates to the
great international assembly, soon
to convene in Toronto, Canada,will
give short reports. The executive
committee will make provisional
plans regarding their meeting on
Saturday morning.
The Around-the-Bay Student
Volunteer Union" is holding a
meeting at Berkeley, one session
being at 4 o'clock this afternoon
and another at 9:30 Saturday morn
ing. The union is composed of
about thirty students, who are can
didates for the foreign mission field,
from Berkeley, Stanford, Cooper
Medical College, San Ansel mo Sem
inary, and the University of the
Pacific. Stanford has four dele
gates present.
It is expected that the next pub
lic meeting will be at Stanford
sometime in April, at which the
three Berkeley delegates to the
great international assembly, soon
to convene in Toronto, Canada,will
give short reports. The executive
committee will make provisional
plans regarding their meeting on
Saturday morning.
The Around-the-Bay Student
Volunteer Union" is holding a
meeting at Berkeley, one session
being at 4 o'clock this afternoon
and another at 9:30 Saturday morn
ing. The union is composed of
about thirty students, who are can
didates for the foreign mission field,
from Berkeley, Stanford, Cooper
Medical College, San Ansel mo Sem
inary, and the University of the
Pacific. Stanford has four dele
gates present.
It is expected that the next pub
lic meeting will be at Stanford
sometime in April, at which the
three Berkeley delegates to the
great international assembly, soon
to convene in Toronto, Canada,will
give short reports. The executive
committee will make provisional
plans regarding their meeting on
Saturday morning.
The Around-the-Bay Student
Volunteer Union" is holding a
meeting at Berkeley, one session
being at 4 o'clock this afternoon
and another at 9:30 Saturday morn
ing. The union is composed of
about thirty students, who are can
didates for the foreign mission field,
from Berkeley, Stanford, Cooper
Medical College, San Ansel mo Sem
inary, and the University of the
Pacific. Stanford has four dele
gates present.
It is expected that the next pub
lic meeting will be at Stanford
sometime in April, at which the
three Berkeley delegates to the
great international assembly, soon
to convene in Toronto, Canada,will
give short reports. The executive
committee will make provisional
plans regarding their meeting on
Saturday morning.
The Around-the-Bay Student
Volunteer Union" is holding a
meeting at Berkeley, one session
being at 4 o'clock this afternoon
and another at 9:30 Saturday morn
ing. The union is composed of
about thirty students, who are can
didates for the foreign mission field,
from Berkeley, Stanford, Cooper
Medical College, San Ansel mo Sem
inary, and the University of the
Pacific. Stanford has four dele
gates present.
It is expected that the next pub
lic meeting will be at Stanford
sometime in April, at which the
three Berkeley delegates to the
great international assembly, soon
to convene in Toronto, Canada,will
give short reports. The executive
committee will make provisional
plans regarding their meeting on
Saturday morning.
