# New Botany Text-Book.
## 
### 
Professor Douglas Houghton
Campbell of the liotany depart
ment has written a university text
book on botany, a work of 600
pages, which will be published in
about six weeks by the Macmillan
Company. This is the first book
written on the subject for American
universities, others being mere
translations from the German and
French. The book is not a labor
atory manual, but a work of refer
ence, covering the most important
topics in the different branches of
the science. In addition to the
sections dealing with general mor
phology and physiology, the struc
ture and classification of the prin
cipal plant groups are fully treat
ed. Special chapters treat of the
adjustment of plants to their sur
roundings and the factors govern
ing the distribution of plants, es
pecially in the United States. The
illustrations, 500 [in number, are
mainly original, and drawn by the
author from native flora. A series
of photographs illustrating botan
ical regions of the United States
will be a feature of the book. Each
section is followed by a bibliogra
phy of the more important works
bearing on the topics treated in it.
