# Graduate Women's Five Will Commence Practice
## 
### 
Graduate women's basketball will 1
get under way during the next week,
announces Astrid Arnoldson, man
ager. All graduate women interested
in the activity are asked to sign up
before Thursday.
Graduate women's basketball will 1
get under way during the next week,
announces Astrid Arnoldson, man
ager. All graduate women interested
in the activity are asked to sign up
before Thursday.
Graduate women's basketball will 1
get under way during the next week,
announces Astrid Arnoldson, man
ager. All graduate women interested
in the activity are asked to sign up
before Thursday.
Graduate women's basketball will 1
get under way during the next week,
announces Astrid Arnoldson, man
ager. All graduate women interested
in the activity are asked to sign up
before Thursday.
Graduate women's basketball will 1
get under way during the next week,
announces Astrid Arnoldson, man
ager. All graduate women interested
in the activity are asked to sign up
before Thursday.
Graduate women's basketball will 1
get under way during the next week,
announces Astrid Arnoldson, man
ager. All graduate women interested
in the activity are asked to sign up
before Thursday.
Graduate women's basketball will 1
get under way during the next week,
announces Astrid Arnoldson, man
ager. All graduate women interested
in the activity are asked to sign up
before Thursday.
Graduate women's basketball will 1
get under way during the next week,
announces Astrid Arnoldson, man
ager. All graduate women interested
in the activity are asked to sign up
before Thursday.
Graduate women's basketball will 1
get under way during the next week,
announces Astrid Arnoldson, man
ager. All graduate women interested
in the activity are asked to sign up
before Thursday.
Graduate women's basketball will 1
get under way during the next week,
announces Astrid Arnoldson, man
ager. All graduate women interested
in the activity are asked to sign up
before Thursday.
Graduate women's basketball will 1
get under way during the next week,
announces Astrid Arnoldson, man
ager. All graduate women interested
in the activity are asked to sign up
before Thursday.
Graduate women's basketball will 1
get under way during the next week,
announces Astrid Arnoldson, man
ager. All graduate women interested
in the activity are asked to sign up
before Thursday.
Graduate women's basketball will 1
get under way during the next week,
announces Astrid Arnoldson, man
ager. All graduate women interested
in the activity are asked to sign up
before Thursday.
Graduate women's basketball will 1
get under way during the next week,
announces Astrid Arnoldson, man
ager. All graduate women interested
in the activity are asked to sign up
before Thursday.
Graduate women's basketball will 1
get under way during the next week,
announces Astrid Arnoldson, man
ager. All graduate women interested
in the activity are asked to sign up
before Thursday.
Graduate women's basketball will 1
get under way during the next week,
announces Astrid Arnoldson, man
ager. All graduate women interested
in the activity are asked to sign up
before Thursday.
