# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Professor C.H. Robertson, ar the
University of California after 25 years
in China, asserts that large classes
learn more quickly than small ones.
Professor C.H. Robertson, ar the
University of California after 25 years
in China, asserts that large classes
learn more quickly than small ones.
Professor C.H. Robertson, ar the
University of California after 25 years
in China, asserts that large classes
learn more quickly than small ones.
Professor C.H. Robertson, ar the
University of California after 25 years
in China, asserts that large classes
learn more quickly than small ones.
Professor C.H. Robertson, ar the
University of California after 25 years
in China, asserts that large classes
learn more quickly than small ones.
Professor C.H. Robertson, ar the
University of California after 25 years
in China, asserts that large classes
learn more quickly than small ones.
Professor C.H. Robertson, ar the
University of California after 25 years
in China, asserts that large classes
learn more quickly than small ones.
Professor C.H. Robertson, ar the
University of California after 25 years
in China, asserts that large classes
learn more quickly than small ones.
Professor C.H. Robertson, ar the
University of California after 25 years
in China, asserts that large classes
learn more quickly than small ones.
Professor C.H. Robertson, ar the
University of California after 25 years
in China, asserts that large classes
learn more quickly than small ones.
Professor C.H. Robertson, ar the
University of California after 25 years
in China, asserts that large classes
learn more quickly than small ones.
Professor C.H. Robertson, ar the
University of California after 25 years
in China, asserts that large classes
learn more quickly than small ones.
Professor C.H. Robertson, ar the
University of California after 25 years
in China, asserts that large classes
learn more quickly than small ones.
Professor C.H. Robertson, ar the
University of California after 25 years
in China, asserts that large classes
learn more quickly than small ones.
Professor C.H. Robertson, ar the
University of California after 25 years
in China, asserts that large classes
learn more quickly than small ones.
Professor C.H. Robertson, ar the
University of California after 25 years
in China, asserts that large classes
learn more quickly than small ones.
