# LITERARY MAGAZINE TO CONTINUE TRIALS FOR BUSINESS STAFF
## 
### 
Managerial tryouts for the Stanford
Literary Magazine will continue this
week, and students interested, who
have not reported before, may sign up
at any time until Friday. Juniors,
sophomores, and freshmen are eli
gible.
Tryoutees will he graded on a point
system basis, working toward posi
tions on the staff, both this year and
next year. Two salaried positions are
open for the coming year, and several
minor staff positions, which carry
with them special privileges. Work
will be done on the magazine itself,
so tryoutees will have the chance to
become acquainted with the actual
publication of the issues, according
to George F. Mott, Jr., business di
rector.
Managerial tryoutees will have the
possibility of transferring to the edi
torial staff later, if their work is of
sufficient grade to allow them the
privilege. '
As there are only six more issues
of the magazine this year, the routine
work will be light. Experience is not
necessary, although previous work on
high school books or college publica
tions is an asset. Typing is not es
sential, although desirable. Students
interested are asked to report be
tween 1:30 and 2:30 at the office in
the Press building.
Managerial tryouts for the Stanford
Literary Magazine will continue this
week, and students interested, who
have not reported before, may sign up
at any time until Friday. Juniors,
sophomores, and freshmen are eli
gible.
Tryoutees will he graded on a point
system basis, working toward posi
tions on the staff, both this year and
next year. Two salaried positions are
open for the coming year, and several
minor staff positions, which carry
with them special privileges. Work
will be done on the magazine itself,
so tryoutees will have the chance to
become acquainted with the actual
publication of the issues, according
to George F. Mott, Jr., business di
rector.
Managerial tryoutees will have the
possibility of transferring to the edi
torial staff later, if their work is of
sufficient grade to allow them the
privilege. '
As there are only six more issues
of the magazine this year, the routine
work will be light. Experience is not
necessary, although previous work on
high school books or college publica
tions is an asset. Typing is not es
sential, although desirable. Students
interested are asked to report be
tween 1:30 and 2:30 at the office in
the Press building.
Managerial tryouts for the Stanford
Literary Magazine will continue this
week, and students interested, who
have not reported before, may sign up
at any time until Friday. Juniors,
sophomores, and freshmen are eli
gible.
Tryoutees will he graded on a point
system basis, working toward posi
tions on the staff, both this year and
next year. Two salaried positions are
open for the coming year, and several
minor staff positions, which carry
with them special privileges. Work
will be done on the magazine itself,
so tryoutees will have the chance to
become acquainted with the actual
publication of the issues, according
to George F. Mott, Jr., business di
rector.
Managerial tryoutees will have the
possibility of transferring to the edi
torial staff later, if their work is of
sufficient grade to allow them the
privilege. '
As there are only six more issues
of the magazine this year, the routine
work will be light. Experience is not
necessary, although previous work on
high school books or college publica
tions is an asset. Typing is not es
sential, although desirable. Students
interested are asked to report be
tween 1:30 and 2:30 at the office in
the Press building.
Managerial tryouts for the Stanford
Literary Magazine will continue this
week, and students interested, who
have not reported before, may sign up
at any time until Friday. Juniors,
sophomores, and freshmen are eli
gible.
Tryoutees will he graded on a point
system basis, working toward posi
tions on the staff, both this year and
next year. Two salaried positions are
open for the coming year, and several
minor staff positions, which carry
with them special privileges. Work
will be done on the magazine itself,
so tryoutees will have the chance to
become acquainted with the actual
publication of the issues, according
to George F. Mott, Jr., business di
rector.
Managerial tryoutees will have the
possibility of transferring to the edi
torial staff later, if their work is of
sufficient grade to allow them the
privilege. '
As there are only six more issues
of the magazine this year, the routine
work will be light. Experience is not
necessary, although previous work on
high school books or college publica
tions is an asset. Typing is not es
sential, although desirable. Students
interested are asked to report be
tween 1:30 and 2:30 at the office in
the Press building.
Managerial tryouts for the Stanford
Literary Magazine will continue this
week, and students interested, who
have not reported before, may sign up
at any time until Friday. Juniors,
sophomores, and freshmen are eli
gible.
Tryoutees will he graded on a point
system basis, working toward posi
tions on the staff, both this year and
next year. Two salaried positions are
open for the coming year, and several
minor staff positions, which carry
with them special privileges. Work
will be done on the magazine itself,
so tryoutees will have the chance to
become acquainted with the actual
publication of the issues, according
to George F. Mott, Jr., business di
rector.
Managerial tryoutees will have the
possibility of transferring to the edi
torial staff later, if their work is of
sufficient grade to allow them the
privilege. '
As there are only six more issues
of the magazine this year, the routine
work will be light. Experience is not
necessary, although previous work on
high school books or college publica
tions is an asset. Typing is not es
sential, although desirable. Students
interested are asked to report be
tween 1:30 and 2:30 at the office in
the Press building.
Managerial tryouts for the Stanford
Literary Magazine will continue this
week, and students interested, who
have not reported before, may sign up
at any time until Friday. Juniors,
sophomores, and freshmen are eli
gible.
Tryoutees will he graded on a point
system basis, working toward posi
tions on the staff, both this year and
next year. Two salaried positions are
open for the coming year, and several
minor staff positions, which carry
with them special privileges. Work
will be done on the magazine itself,
so tryoutees will have the chance to
become acquainted with the actual
publication of the issues, according
to George F. Mott, Jr., business di
rector.
Managerial tryoutees will have the
possibility of transferring to the edi
torial staff later, if their work is of
sufficient grade to allow them the
privilege. '
As there are only six more issues
of the magazine this year, the routine
work will be light. Experience is not
necessary, although previous work on
high school books or college publica
tions is an asset. Typing is not es
sential, although desirable. Students
interested are asked to report be
tween 1:30 and 2:30 at the office in
the Press building.
Managerial tryouts for the Stanford
Literary Magazine will continue this
week, and students interested, who
have not reported before, may sign up
at any time until Friday. Juniors,
sophomores, and freshmen are eli
gible.
Tryoutees will he graded on a point
system basis, working toward posi
tions on the staff, both this year and
next year. Two salaried positions are
open for the coming year, and several
minor staff positions, which carry
with them special privileges. Work
will be done on the magazine itself,
so tryoutees will have the chance to
become acquainted with the actual
publication of the issues, according
to George F. Mott, Jr., business di
rector.
Managerial tryoutees will have the
possibility of transferring to the edi
torial staff later, if their work is of
sufficient grade to allow them the
privilege. '
As there are only six more issues
of the magazine this year, the routine
work will be light. Experience is not
necessary, although previous work on
high school books or college publica
tions is an asset. Typing is not es
sential, although desirable. Students
interested are asked to report be
tween 1:30 and 2:30 at the office in
the Press building.
Managerial tryouts for the Stanford
Literary Magazine will continue this
week, and students interested, who
have not reported before, may sign up
at any time until Friday. Juniors,
sophomores, and freshmen are eli
gible.
Tryoutees will he graded on a point
system basis, working toward posi
tions on the staff, both this year and
next year. Two salaried positions are
open for the coming year, and several
minor staff positions, which carry
with them special privileges. Work
will be done on the magazine itself,
so tryoutees will have the chance to
become acquainted with the actual
publication of the issues, according
to George F. Mott, Jr., business di
rector.
Managerial tryoutees will have the
possibility of transferring to the edi
torial staff later, if their work is of
sufficient grade to allow them the
privilege. '
As there are only six more issues
of the magazine this year, the routine
work will be light. Experience is not
necessary, although previous work on
high school books or college publica
tions is an asset. Typing is not es
sential, although desirable. Students
interested are asked to report be
tween 1:30 and 2:30 at the office in
the Press building.
Managerial tryouts for the Stanford
Literary Magazine will continue this
week, and students interested, who
have not reported before, may sign up
at any time until Friday. Juniors,
sophomores, and freshmen are eli
gible.
Tryoutees will he graded on a point
system basis, working toward posi
tions on the staff, both this year and
next year. Two salaried positions are
open for the coming year, and several
minor staff positions, which carry
with them special privileges. Work
will be done on the magazine itself,
so tryoutees will have the chance to
become acquainted with the actual
publication of the issues, according
to George F. Mott, Jr., business di
rector.
Managerial tryoutees will have the
possibility of transferring to the edi
torial staff later, if their work is of
sufficient grade to allow them the
privilege. '
As there are only six more issues
of the magazine this year, the routine
work will be light. Experience is not
necessary, although previous work on
high school books or college publica
tions is an asset. Typing is not es
sential, although desirable. Students
interested are asked to report be
tween 1:30 and 2:30 at the office in
the Press building.
Managerial tryouts for the Stanford
Literary Magazine will continue this
week, and students interested, who
have not reported before, may sign up
at any time until Friday. Juniors,
sophomores, and freshmen are eli
gible.
Tryoutees will he graded on a point
system basis, working toward posi
tions on the staff, both this year and
next year. Two salaried positions are
open for the coming year, and several
minor staff positions, which carry
with them special privileges. Work
will be done on the magazine itself,
so tryoutees will have the chance to
become acquainted with the actual
publication of the issues, according
to George F. Mott, Jr., business di
rector.
Managerial tryoutees will have the
possibility of transferring to the edi
torial staff later, if their work is of
sufficient grade to allow them the
privilege. '
As there are only six more issues
of the magazine this year, the routine
work will be light. Experience is not
necessary, although previous work on
high school books or college publica
tions is an asset. Typing is not es
sential, although desirable. Students
interested are asked to report be
tween 1:30 and 2:30 at the office in
the Press building.
Managerial tryouts for the Stanford
Literary Magazine will continue this
week, and students interested, who
have not reported before, may sign up
at any time until Friday. Juniors,
sophomores, and freshmen are eli
gible.
Tryoutees will he graded on a point
system basis, working toward posi
tions on the staff, both this year and
next year. Two salaried positions are
open for the coming year, and several
minor staff positions, which carry
with them special privileges. Work
will be done on the magazine itself,
so tryoutees will have the chance to
become acquainted with the actual
publication of the issues, according
to George F. Mott, Jr., business di
rector.
Managerial tryoutees will have the
possibility of transferring to the edi
torial staff later, if their work is of
sufficient grade to allow them the
privilege. '
As there are only six more issues
of the magazine this year, the routine
work will be light. Experience is not
necessary, although previous work on
high school books or college publica
tions is an asset. Typing is not es
sential, although desirable. Students
interested are asked to report be
tween 1:30 and 2:30 at the office in
the Press building.
Managerial tryouts for the Stanford
Literary Magazine will continue this
week, and students interested, who
have not reported before, may sign up
at any time until Friday. Juniors,
sophomores, and freshmen are eli
gible.
Tryoutees will he graded on a point
system basis, working toward posi
tions on the staff, both this year and
next year. Two salaried positions are
open for the coming year, and several
minor staff positions, which carry
with them special privileges. Work
will be done on the magazine itself,
so tryoutees will have the chance to
become acquainted with the actual
publication of the issues, according
to George F. Mott, Jr., business di
rector.
Managerial tryoutees will have the
possibility of transferring to the edi
torial staff later, if their work is of
sufficient grade to allow them the
privilege. '
As there are only six more issues
of the magazine this year, the routine
work will be light. Experience is not
necessary, although previous work on
high school books or college publica
tions is an asset. Typing is not es
sential, although desirable. Students
interested are asked to report be
tween 1:30 and 2:30 at the office in
the Press building.
Managerial tryouts for the Stanford
Literary Magazine will continue this
week, and students interested, who
have not reported before, may sign up
at any time until Friday. Juniors,
sophomores, and freshmen are eli
gible.
Tryoutees will he graded on a point
system basis, working toward posi
tions on the staff, both this year and
next year. Two salaried positions are
open for the coming year, and several
minor staff positions, which carry
with them special privileges. Work
will be done on the magazine itself,
so tryoutees will have the chance to
become acquainted with the actual
publication of the issues, according
to George F. Mott, Jr., business di
rector.
Managerial tryoutees will have the
possibility of transferring to the edi
torial staff later, if their work is of
sufficient grade to allow them the
privilege. '
As there are only six more issues
of the magazine this year, the routine
work will be light. Experience is not
necessary, although previous work on
high school books or college publica
tions is an asset. Typing is not es
sential, although desirable. Students
interested are asked to report be
tween 1:30 and 2:30 at the office in
the Press building.
Managerial tryouts for the Stanford
Literary Magazine will continue this
week, and students interested, who
have not reported before, may sign up
at any time until Friday. Juniors,
sophomores, and freshmen are eli
gible.
Tryoutees will he graded on a point
system basis, working toward posi
tions on the staff, both this year and
next year. Two salaried positions are
open for the coming year, and several
minor staff positions, which carry
with them special privileges. Work
will be done on the magazine itself,
so tryoutees will have the chance to
become acquainted with the actual
publication of the issues, according
to George F. Mott, Jr., business di
rector.
Managerial tryoutees will have the
possibility of transferring to the edi
torial staff later, if their work is of
sufficient grade to allow them the
privilege. '
As there are only six more issues
of the magazine this year, the routine
work will be light. Experience is not
necessary, although previous work on
high school books or college publica
tions is an asset. Typing is not es
sential, although desirable. Students
interested are asked to report be
tween 1:30 and 2:30 at the office in
the Press building.
Managerial tryouts for the Stanford
Literary Magazine will continue this
week, and students interested, who
have not reported before, may sign up
at any time until Friday. Juniors,
sophomores, and freshmen are eli
gible.
Tryoutees will he graded on a point
system basis, working toward posi
tions on the staff, both this year and
next year. Two salaried positions are
open for the coming year, and several
minor staff positions, which carry
with them special privileges. Work
will be done on the magazine itself,
so tryoutees will have the chance to
become acquainted with the actual
publication of the issues, according
to George F. Mott, Jr., business di
rector.
Managerial tryoutees will have the
possibility of transferring to the edi
torial staff later, if their work is of
sufficient grade to allow them the
privilege. '
As there are only six more issues
of the magazine this year, the routine
work will be light. Experience is not
necessary, although previous work on
high school books or college publica
tions is an asset. Typing is not es
sential, although desirable. Students
interested are asked to report be
tween 1:30 and 2:30 at the office in
the Press building.
Managerial tryouts for the Stanford
Literary Magazine will continue this
week, and students interested, who
have not reported before, may sign up
at any time until Friday. Juniors,
sophomores, and freshmen are eli
gible.
Tryoutees will he graded on a point
system basis, working toward posi
tions on the staff, both this year and
next year. Two salaried positions are
open for the coming year, and several
minor staff positions, which carry
with them special privileges. Work
will be done on the magazine itself,
so tryoutees will have the chance to
become acquainted with the actual
publication of the issues, according
to George F. Mott, Jr., business di
rector.
Managerial tryoutees will have the
possibility of transferring to the edi
torial staff later, if their work is of
sufficient grade to allow them the
privilege. '
As there are only six more issues
of the magazine this year, the routine
work will be light. Experience is not
necessary, although previous work on
high school books or college publica
tions is an asset. Typing is not es
sential, although desirable. Students
interested are asked to report be
tween 1:30 and 2:30 at the office in
the Press building.
