# "DAS RHEINGOLD" IS DANCE DRAMA THEME
## 
### 
"Das Rheingold," by Wagner, was
chosen as the theme of the Dance
Drama to be given toward the end of
this quarter by members of the Dance
Composition class. The opera was cho
sen yesterday afternoon by a student
committee made up of members of
the Composition class, Miss Helen
Bunting, head of the Physical Educa
tion department, and Helen Stuart
Cramer.
The regular story of the opera wlil
be followed and the music will be in
terpreted by the various types of
dancing best suited to fit the mood
of the music.
"Das Rheingold," by Wagner, was
chosen as the theme of the Dance
Drama to be given toward the end of
this quarter by members of the Dance
Composition class. The opera was cho
sen yesterday afternoon by a student
committee made up of members of
the Composition class, Miss Helen
Bunting, head of the Physical Educa
tion department, and Helen Stuart
Cramer.
The regular story of the opera wlil
be followed and the music will be in
terpreted by the various types of
dancing best suited to fit the mood
of the music.
"Das Rheingold," by Wagner, was
chosen as the theme of the Dance
Drama to be given toward the end of
this quarter by members of the Dance
Composition class. The opera was cho
sen yesterday afternoon by a student
committee made up of members of
the Composition class, Miss Helen
Bunting, head of the Physical Educa
tion department, and Helen Stuart
Cramer.
The regular story of the opera wlil
be followed and the music will be in
terpreted by the various types of
dancing best suited to fit the mood
of the music.
"Das Rheingold," by Wagner, was
chosen as the theme of the Dance
Drama to be given toward the end of
this quarter by members of the Dance
Composition class. The opera was cho
sen yesterday afternoon by a student
committee made up of members of
the Composition class, Miss Helen
Bunting, head of the Physical Educa
tion department, and Helen Stuart
Cramer.
The regular story of the opera wlil
be followed and the music will be in
terpreted by the various types of
dancing best suited to fit the mood
of the music.
"Das Rheingold," by Wagner, was
chosen as the theme of the Dance
Drama to be given toward the end of
this quarter by members of the Dance
Composition class. The opera was cho
sen yesterday afternoon by a student
committee made up of members of
the Composition class, Miss Helen
Bunting, head of the Physical Educa
tion department, and Helen Stuart
Cramer.
The regular story of the opera wlil
be followed and the music will be in
terpreted by the various types of
dancing best suited to fit the mood
of the music.
"Das Rheingold," by Wagner, was
chosen as the theme of the Dance
Drama to be given toward the end of
this quarter by members of the Dance
Composition class. The opera was cho
sen yesterday afternoon by a student
committee made up of members of
the Composition class, Miss Helen
Bunting, head of the Physical Educa
tion department, and Helen Stuart
Cramer.
The regular story of the opera wlil
be followed and the music will be in
terpreted by the various types of
dancing best suited to fit the mood
of the music.
"Das Rheingold," by Wagner, was
chosen as the theme of the Dance
Drama to be given toward the end of
this quarter by members of the Dance
Composition class. The opera was cho
sen yesterday afternoon by a student
committee made up of members of
the Composition class, Miss Helen
Bunting, head of the Physical Educa
tion department, and Helen Stuart
Cramer.
The regular story of the opera wlil
be followed and the music will be in
terpreted by the various types of
dancing best suited to fit the mood
of the music.
"Das Rheingold," by Wagner, was
chosen as the theme of the Dance
Drama to be given toward the end of
this quarter by members of the Dance
Composition class. The opera was cho
sen yesterday afternoon by a student
committee made up of members of
the Composition class, Miss Helen
Bunting, head of the Physical Educa
tion department, and Helen Stuart
Cramer.
The regular story of the opera wlil
be followed and the music will be in
terpreted by the various types of
dancing best suited to fit the mood
of the music.
"Das Rheingold," by Wagner, was
chosen as the theme of the Dance
Drama to be given toward the end of
this quarter by members of the Dance
Composition class. The opera was cho
sen yesterday afternoon by a student
committee made up of members of
the Composition class, Miss Helen
Bunting, head of the Physical Educa
tion department, and Helen Stuart
Cramer.
The regular story of the opera wlil
be followed and the music will be in
terpreted by the various types of
dancing best suited to fit the mood
of the music.
"Das Rheingold," by Wagner, was
chosen as the theme of the Dance
Drama to be given toward the end of
this quarter by members of the Dance
Composition class. The opera was cho
sen yesterday afternoon by a student
committee made up of members of
the Composition class, Miss Helen
Bunting, head of the Physical Educa
tion department, and Helen Stuart
Cramer.
The regular story of the opera wlil
be followed and the music will be in
terpreted by the various types of
dancing best suited to fit the mood
of the music.
"Das Rheingold," by Wagner, was
chosen as the theme of the Dance
Drama to be given toward the end of
this quarter by members of the Dance
Composition class. The opera was cho
sen yesterday afternoon by a student
committee made up of members of
the Composition class, Miss Helen
Bunting, head of the Physical Educa
tion department, and Helen Stuart
Cramer.
The regular story of the opera wlil
be followed and the music will be in
terpreted by the various types of
dancing best suited to fit the mood
of the music.
"Das Rheingold," by Wagner, was
chosen as the theme of the Dance
Drama to be given toward the end of
this quarter by members of the Dance
Composition class. The opera was cho
sen yesterday afternoon by a student
committee made up of members of
the Composition class, Miss Helen
Bunting, head of the Physical Educa
tion department, and Helen Stuart
Cramer.
The regular story of the opera wlil
be followed and the music will be in
terpreted by the various types of
dancing best suited to fit the mood
of the music.
"Das Rheingold," by Wagner, was
chosen as the theme of the Dance
Drama to be given toward the end of
this quarter by members of the Dance
Composition class. The opera was cho
sen yesterday afternoon by a student
committee made up of members of
the Composition class, Miss Helen
Bunting, head of the Physical Educa
tion department, and Helen Stuart
Cramer.
The regular story of the opera wlil
be followed and the music will be in
terpreted by the various types of
dancing best suited to fit the mood
of the music.
"Das Rheingold," by Wagner, was
chosen as the theme of the Dance
Drama to be given toward the end of
this quarter by members of the Dance
Composition class. The opera was cho
sen yesterday afternoon by a student
committee made up of members of
the Composition class, Miss Helen
Bunting, head of the Physical Educa
tion department, and Helen Stuart
Cramer.
The regular story of the opera wlil
be followed and the music will be in
terpreted by the various types of
dancing best suited to fit the mood
of the music.
"Das Rheingold," by Wagner, was
chosen as the theme of the Dance
Drama to be given toward the end of
this quarter by members of the Dance
Composition class. The opera was cho
sen yesterday afternoon by a student
committee made up of members of
the Composition class, Miss Helen
Bunting, head of the Physical Educa
tion department, and Helen Stuart
Cramer.
The regular story of the opera wlil
be followed and the music will be in
terpreted by the various types of
dancing best suited to fit the mood
of the music.
"Das Rheingold," by Wagner, was
chosen as the theme of the Dance
Drama to be given toward the end of
this quarter by members of the Dance
Composition class. The opera was cho
sen yesterday afternoon by a student
committee made up of members of
the Composition class, Miss Helen
Bunting, head of the Physical Educa
tion department, and Helen Stuart
Cramer.
The regular story of the opera wlil
be followed and the music will be in
terpreted by the various types of
dancing best suited to fit the mood
of the music.
