# Economic Departments Organize.
## 
### 
The members of the Economic
departments of Stanford and Cali
fornia met recently at Berkeley and
organized a "Political Economy
Clnb." The organization is com
posed of the members of the teach
ing staff of the two universities,
and proposes to hold meetings in
San Francisco at frequent intervals
for the discussion of economic
problems.
The members of the Economic
departments of Stanford and Cali
fornia met recently at Berkeley and
organized a "Political Economy
Clnb." The organization is com
posed of the members of the teach
ing staff of the two universities,
and proposes to hold meetings in
San Francisco at frequent intervals
for the discussion of economic
problems.
The members of the Economic
departments of Stanford and Cali
fornia met recently at Berkeley and
organized a "Political Economy
Clnb." The organization is com
posed of the members of the teach
ing staff of the two universities,
and proposes to hold meetings in
San Francisco at frequent intervals
for the discussion of economic
problems.
The members of the Economic
departments of Stanford and Cali
fornia met recently at Berkeley and
organized a "Political Economy
Clnb." The organization is com
posed of the members of the teach
ing staff of the two universities,
and proposes to hold meetings in
San Francisco at frequent intervals
for the discussion of economic
problems.
The members of the Economic
departments of Stanford and Cali
fornia met recently at Berkeley and
organized a "Political Economy
Clnb." The organization is com
posed of the members of the teach
ing staff of the two universities,
and proposes to hold meetings in
San Francisco at frequent intervals
for the discussion of economic
problems.
The members of the Economic
departments of Stanford and Cali
fornia met recently at Berkeley and
organized a "Political Economy
Clnb." The organization is com
posed of the members of the teach
ing staff of the two universities,
and proposes to hold meetings in
San Francisco at frequent intervals
for the discussion of economic
problems.
The members of the Economic
departments of Stanford and Cali
fornia met recently at Berkeley and
organized a "Political Economy
Clnb." The organization is com
posed of the members of the teach
ing staff of the two universities,
and proposes to hold meetings in
San Francisco at frequent intervals
for the discussion of economic
problems.
The members of the Economic
departments of Stanford and Cali
fornia met recently at Berkeley and
organized a "Political Economy
Clnb." The organization is com
posed of the members of the teach
ing staff of the two universities,
and proposes to hold meetings in
San Francisco at frequent intervals
for the discussion of economic
problems.
The members of the Economic
departments of Stanford and Cali
fornia met recently at Berkeley and
organized a "Political Economy
Clnb." The organization is com
posed of the members of the teach
ing staff of the two universities,
and proposes to hold meetings in
San Francisco at frequent intervals
for the discussion of economic
problems.
