# Berkeley High Wins Championship.
## 
### 
The Berkeley High School foot
ball team won the championship of
the Academic League Saturday, de
feating Lowell by the score of 5
to 0.
The Berkeley High School foot
ball team won the championship of
the Academic League Saturday, de
feating Lowell by the score of 5
to 0.
The Berkeley High School foot
ball team won the championship of
the Academic League Saturday, de
feating Lowell by the score of 5
to 0.
The Berkeley High School foot
ball team won the championship of
the Academic League Saturday, de
feating Lowell by the score of 5
to 0.
The Berkeley High School foot
ball team won the championship of
the Academic League Saturday, de
feating Lowell by the score of 5
to 0.
The Berkeley High School foot
ball team won the championship of
the Academic League Saturday, de
feating Lowell by the score of 5
to 0.
The Berkeley High School foot
ball team won the championship of
the Academic League Saturday, de
feating Lowell by the score of 5
to 0.
The Berkeley High School foot
ball team won the championship of
the Academic League Saturday, de
feating Lowell by the score of 5
to 0.
The Berkeley High School foot
ball team won the championship of
the Academic League Saturday, de
feating Lowell by the score of 5
to 0.
