# Alumni Unsuccessful.
## 
### 
Of the Stanford alumni who were
candidates for office at the late
election but one was successful.
Hamilton A. Bauer, '99, candidate
for Assembly in the Fortieth dis
trict, defeated his classmate, S. P.
Elias, '99, who was the Democratic
nominee for the same office. James
E. Murphy, '98, candidate for Po
lice Judge in San Francisco, was
defeated, but made a good showing.
B. F. Bledsoe, '96, Democratic can
didate for Superior Judge of San
Bernardino county, was defeated
by thirty votes.
Of the Stanford alumni who were
candidates for office at the late
election but one was successful.
Hamilton A. Bauer, '99, candidate
for Assembly in the Fortieth dis
trict, defeated his classmate, S. P.
Elias, '99, who was the Democratic
nominee for the same office. James
E. Murphy, '98, candidate for Po
lice Judge in San Francisco, was
defeated, but made a good showing.
B. F. Bledsoe, '96, Democratic can
didate for Superior Judge of San
Bernardino county, was defeated
by thirty votes.
Of the Stanford alumni who were
candidates for office at the late
election but one was successful.
Hamilton A. Bauer, '99, candidate
for Assembly in the Fortieth dis
trict, defeated his classmate, S. P.
Elias, '99, who was the Democratic
nominee for the same office. James
E. Murphy, '98, candidate for Po
lice Judge in San Francisco, was
defeated, but made a good showing.
B. F. Bledsoe, '96, Democratic can
didate for Superior Judge of San
Bernardino county, was defeated
by thirty votes.
Of the Stanford alumni who were
candidates for office at the late
election but one was successful.
Hamilton A. Bauer, '99, candidate
for Assembly in the Fortieth dis
trict, defeated his classmate, S. P.
Elias, '99, who was the Democratic
nominee for the same office. James
E. Murphy, '98, candidate for Po
lice Judge in San Francisco, was
defeated, but made a good showing.
B. F. Bledsoe, '96, Democratic can
didate for Superior Judge of San
Bernardino county, was defeated
by thirty votes.
Of the Stanford alumni who were
candidates for office at the late
election but one was successful.
Hamilton A. Bauer, '99, candidate
for Assembly in the Fortieth dis
trict, defeated his classmate, S. P.
Elias, '99, who was the Democratic
nominee for the same office. James
E. Murphy, '98, candidate for Po
lice Judge in San Francisco, was
defeated, but made a good showing.
B. F. Bledsoe, '96, Democratic can
didate for Superior Judge of San
Bernardino county, was defeated
by thirty votes.
Of the Stanford alumni who were
candidates for office at the late
election but one was successful.
Hamilton A. Bauer, '99, candidate
for Assembly in the Fortieth dis
trict, defeated his classmate, S. P.
Elias, '99, who was the Democratic
nominee for the same office. James
E. Murphy, '98, candidate for Po
lice Judge in San Francisco, was
defeated, but made a good showing.
B. F. Bledsoe, '96, Democratic can
didate for Superior Judge of San
Bernardino county, was defeated
by thirty votes.
Of the Stanford alumni who were
candidates for office at the late
election but one was successful.
Hamilton A. Bauer, '99, candidate
for Assembly in the Fortieth dis
trict, defeated his classmate, S. P.
Elias, '99, who was the Democratic
nominee for the same office. James
E. Murphy, '98, candidate for Po
lice Judge in San Francisco, was
defeated, but made a good showing.
B. F. Bledsoe, '96, Democratic can
didate for Superior Judge of San
Bernardino county, was defeated
by thirty votes.
