# Adv. 6 Page 2
## 
### 
I
*
! 1 —
jJUQAXiJuLriAs
3io untvEPsnv avrnuc
women's dVesses
TO 3 10 °-°
I
i
STOP AT
| ChiSiville
THE LITTLE PLACE
WITH THE BIG
BOWL
•
Wc also specialize in
hot sandwiches and
short orders
i
e
ON THE HIGHWAY
SOUTH OF MENLO
I
*
! 1 —
jJUQAXiJuLriAs
3io untvEPsnv avrnuc
women's dVesses
TO 3 10 °-°
I
i
STOP AT
| ChiSiville
THE LITTLE PLACE
WITH THE BIG
BOWL
•
Wc also specialize in
hot sandwiches and
short orders
i
e
ON THE HIGHWAY
SOUTH OF MENLO
I
*
! 1 —
jJUQAXiJuLriAs
3io untvEPsnv avrnuc
women's dVesses
TO 3 10 °-°
I
i
STOP AT
| ChiSiville
THE LITTLE PLACE
WITH THE BIG
BOWL
•
Wc also specialize in
hot sandwiches and
short orders
i
e
ON THE HIGHWAY
SOUTH OF MENLO
I
*
! 1 —
jJUQAXiJuLriAs
3io untvEPsnv avrnuc
women's dVesses
TO 3 10 °-°
I
i
STOP AT
| ChiSiville
THE LITTLE PLACE
WITH THE BIG
BOWL
•
Wc also specialize in
hot sandwiches and
short orders
i
e
ON THE HIGHWAY
SOUTH OF MENLO
I
*
! 1 —
jJUQAXiJuLriAs
3io untvEPsnv avrnuc
women's dVesses
TO 3 10 °-°
I
i
STOP AT
| ChiSiville
THE LITTLE PLACE
WITH THE BIG
BOWL
•
Wc also specialize in
hot sandwiches and
short orders
i
e
ON THE HIGHWAY
SOUTH OF MENLO
I
*
! 1 —
jJUQAXiJuLriAs
3io untvEPsnv avrnuc
women's dVesses
TO 3 10 °-°
I
i
STOP AT
| ChiSiville
THE LITTLE PLACE
WITH THE BIG
BOWL
•
Wc also specialize in
hot sandwiches and
short orders
i
e
ON THE HIGHWAY
SOUTH OF MENLO
I
*
! 1 —
jJUQAXiJuLriAs
3io untvEPsnv avrnuc
women's dVesses
TO 3 10 °-°
I
i
STOP AT
| ChiSiville
THE LITTLE PLACE
WITH THE BIG
BOWL
•
Wc also specialize in
hot sandwiches and
short orders
i
e
ON THE HIGHWAY
SOUTH OF MENLO
I
*
! 1 —
jJUQAXiJuLriAs
3io untvEPsnv avrnuc
women's dVesses
TO 3 10 °-°
I
i
STOP AT
| ChiSiville
THE LITTLE PLACE
WITH THE BIG
BOWL
•
Wc also specialize in
hot sandwiches and
short orders
i
e
ON THE HIGHWAY
SOUTH OF MENLO
I
*
! 1 —
jJUQAXiJuLriAs
3io untvEPsnv avrnuc
women's dVesses
TO 3 10 °-°
I
i
STOP AT
| ChiSiville
THE LITTLE PLACE
WITH THE BIG
BOWL
•
Wc also specialize in
hot sandwiches and
short orders
i
e
ON THE HIGHWAY
SOUTH OF MENLO
I
*
! 1 —
jJUQAXiJuLriAs
3io untvEPsnv avrnuc
women's dVesses
TO 3 10 °-°
I
i
STOP AT
| ChiSiville
THE LITTLE PLACE
WITH THE BIG
BOWL
•
Wc also specialize in
hot sandwiches and
short orders
i
e
ON THE HIGHWAY
SOUTH OF MENLO
I
*
! 1 —
jJUQAXiJuLriAs
3io untvEPsnv avrnuc
women's dVesses
TO 3 10 °-°
I
i
STOP AT
| ChiSiville
THE LITTLE PLACE
WITH THE BIG
BOWL
•
Wc also specialize in
hot sandwiches and
short orders
i
e
ON THE HIGHWAY
SOUTH OF MENLO
I
*
! 1 —
jJUQAXiJuLriAs
3io untvEPsnv avrnuc
women's dVesses
TO 3 10 °-°
I
i
STOP AT
| ChiSiville
THE LITTLE PLACE
WITH THE BIG
BOWL
•
Wc also specialize in
hot sandwiches and
short orders
i
e
ON THE HIGHWAY
SOUTH OF MENLO
I
*
! 1 —
jJUQAXiJuLriAs
3io untvEPsnv avrnuc
women's dVesses
TO 3 10 °-°
I
i
STOP AT
| ChiSiville
THE LITTLE PLACE
WITH THE BIG
BOWL
•
Wc also specialize in
hot sandwiches and
short orders
i
e
ON THE HIGHWAY
SOUTH OF MENLO
I
*
! 1 —
jJUQAXiJuLriAs
3io untvEPsnv avrnuc
women's dVesses
TO 3 10 °-°
I
i
STOP AT
| ChiSiville
THE LITTLE PLACE
WITH THE BIG
BOWL
•
Wc also specialize in
hot sandwiches and
short orders
i
e
ON THE HIGHWAY
SOUTH OF MENLO
I
*
! 1 —
jJUQAXiJuLriAs
3io untvEPsnv avrnuc
women's dVesses
TO 3 10 °-°
I
i
STOP AT
| ChiSiville
THE LITTLE PLACE
WITH THE BIG
BOWL
•
Wc also specialize in
hot sandwiches and
short orders
i
e
ON THE HIGHWAY
SOUTH OF MENLO
I
*
! 1 —
jJUQAXiJuLriAs
3io untvEPsnv avrnuc
women's dVesses
TO 3 10 °-°
I
i
STOP AT
| ChiSiville
THE LITTLE PLACE
WITH THE BIG
BOWL
•
Wc also specialize in
hot sandwiches and
short orders
i
e
ON THE HIGHWAY
SOUTH OF MENLO
