# Oregon Alumni Aide Hits "Wolves" After Callison
## 
### 
EUGENE, Ore., Dec. 5 (PIP) -
Lashing back at the "wolves" who
demanded the head of Prink Calli
son, University of Oregon football
coach, after the Wobfoots were
overwhelmed by the U.S.C. Trojans,
3IJ-0, and were nosed out by St.
Mary's, 7-0, Alexander Brown,
ulumni secretary of the Oregon in
stitution, stated that financial con
ditions demand the retention of the
present coach.
Handicapped by injuries this year,
Callison nevertheless managed to
turn out a fairly successful squad,
said the alumni secretary. Obviously
striving to win games in his first
season, the Oregon mentor perhaps
failed to develop the younger mem
bers of the team; but given another
year, it will be possible to get a
better idea of the coach's possibili
ties.
