# Ban 'Babe' Didrikson In Amateur Competition
## 
### 
I NEW YORK, Dec. 5 (TP) — Dan 1
Ferris, secretary-treasurer of the
National Amateur Athletic Union,'
announced tonight that Mildred
("Babe") Didrikson, star all-around
athlete from Texas had disqualified
herself from further amateur com- j
petition by permitting her name to
be used for advertising a commer- j
cial product.
Local newspapers on Sunday |
printed advertisements by an auto- j
mobile company, in which Miss j
Didrikson was quoted as praising j
the performance of a new model. An !
action picture of the Texas girl j
clearing a hurdle accompanied the i
advertisement.
I NEW YORK, Dec. 5 (TP) — Dan 1
Ferris, secretary-treasurer of the
National Amateur Athletic Union,'
announced tonight that Mildred
("Babe") Didrikson, star all-around
athlete from Texas had disqualified
herself from further amateur com- j
petition by permitting her name to
be used for advertising a commer- j
cial product.
Local newspapers on Sunday |
printed advertisements by an auto- j
mobile company, in which Miss j
Didrikson was quoted as praising j
the performance of a new model. An !
action picture of the Texas girl j
clearing a hurdle accompanied the i
advertisement.
I NEW YORK, Dec. 5 (TP) — Dan 1
Ferris, secretary-treasurer of the
National Amateur Athletic Union,'
announced tonight that Mildred
("Babe") Didrikson, star all-around
athlete from Texas had disqualified
herself from further amateur com- j
petition by permitting her name to
be used for advertising a commer- j
cial product.
Local newspapers on Sunday |
printed advertisements by an auto- j
mobile company, in which Miss j
Didrikson was quoted as praising j
the performance of a new model. An !
action picture of the Texas girl j
clearing a hurdle accompanied the i
advertisement.
I NEW YORK, Dec. 5 (TP) — Dan 1
Ferris, secretary-treasurer of the
National Amateur Athletic Union,'
announced tonight that Mildred
("Babe") Didrikson, star all-around
athlete from Texas had disqualified
herself from further amateur com- j
petition by permitting her name to
be used for advertising a commer- j
cial product.
Local newspapers on Sunday |
printed advertisements by an auto- j
mobile company, in which Miss j
Didrikson was quoted as praising j
the performance of a new model. An !
action picture of the Texas girl j
clearing a hurdle accompanied the i
advertisement.
I NEW YORK, Dec. 5 (TP) — Dan 1
Ferris, secretary-treasurer of the
National Amateur Athletic Union,'
announced tonight that Mildred
("Babe") Didrikson, star all-around
athlete from Texas had disqualified
herself from further amateur com- j
petition by permitting her name to
be used for advertising a commer- j
cial product.
Local newspapers on Sunday |
printed advertisements by an auto- j
mobile company, in which Miss j
Didrikson was quoted as praising j
the performance of a new model. An !
action picture of the Texas girl j
clearing a hurdle accompanied the i
advertisement.
I NEW YORK, Dec. 5 (TP) — Dan 1
Ferris, secretary-treasurer of the
National Amateur Athletic Union,'
announced tonight that Mildred
("Babe") Didrikson, star all-around
athlete from Texas had disqualified
herself from further amateur com- j
petition by permitting her name to
be used for advertising a commer- j
cial product.
Local newspapers on Sunday |
printed advertisements by an auto- j
mobile company, in which Miss j
Didrikson was quoted as praising j
the performance of a new model. An !
action picture of the Texas girl j
clearing a hurdle accompanied the i
advertisement.
I NEW YORK, Dec. 5 (TP) — Dan 1
Ferris, secretary-treasurer of the
National Amateur Athletic Union,'
announced tonight that Mildred
("Babe") Didrikson, star all-around
athlete from Texas had disqualified
herself from further amateur com- j
petition by permitting her name to
be used for advertising a commer- j
cial product.
Local newspapers on Sunday |
printed advertisements by an auto- j
mobile company, in which Miss j
Didrikson was quoted as praising j
the performance of a new model. An !
action picture of the Texas girl j
clearing a hurdle accompanied the i
advertisement.
I NEW YORK, Dec. 5 (TP) — Dan 1
Ferris, secretary-treasurer of the
National Amateur Athletic Union,'
announced tonight that Mildred
("Babe") Didrikson, star all-around
athlete from Texas had disqualified
herself from further amateur com- j
petition by permitting her name to
be used for advertising a commer- j
cial product.
Local newspapers on Sunday |
printed advertisements by an auto- j
mobile company, in which Miss j
Didrikson was quoted as praising j
the performance of a new model. An !
action picture of the Texas girl j
clearing a hurdle accompanied the i
advertisement.
I NEW YORK, Dec. 5 (TP) — Dan 1
Ferris, secretary-treasurer of the
National Amateur Athletic Union,'
announced tonight that Mildred
("Babe") Didrikson, star all-around
athlete from Texas had disqualified
herself from further amateur com- j
petition by permitting her name to
be used for advertising a commer- j
cial product.
Local newspapers on Sunday |
printed advertisements by an auto- j
mobile company, in which Miss j
Didrikson was quoted as praising j
the performance of a new model. An !
action picture of the Texas girl j
clearing a hurdle accompanied the i
advertisement.
I NEW YORK, Dec. 5 (TP) — Dan 1
Ferris, secretary-treasurer of the
National Amateur Athletic Union,'
announced tonight that Mildred
("Babe") Didrikson, star all-around
athlete from Texas had disqualified
herself from further amateur com- j
petition by permitting her name to
be used for advertising a commer- j
cial product.
Local newspapers on Sunday |
printed advertisements by an auto- j
mobile company, in which Miss j
Didrikson was quoted as praising j
the performance of a new model. An !
action picture of the Texas girl j
clearing a hurdle accompanied the i
advertisement.
I NEW YORK, Dec. 5 (TP) — Dan 1
Ferris, secretary-treasurer of the
National Amateur Athletic Union,'
announced tonight that Mildred
("Babe") Didrikson, star all-around
athlete from Texas had disqualified
herself from further amateur com- j
petition by permitting her name to
be used for advertising a commer- j
cial product.
Local newspapers on Sunday |
printed advertisements by an auto- j
mobile company, in which Miss j
Didrikson was quoted as praising j
the performance of a new model. An !
action picture of the Texas girl j
clearing a hurdle accompanied the i
advertisement.
I NEW YORK, Dec. 5 (TP) — Dan 1
Ferris, secretary-treasurer of the
National Amateur Athletic Union,'
announced tonight that Mildred
("Babe") Didrikson, star all-around
athlete from Texas had disqualified
herself from further amateur com- j
petition by permitting her name to
be used for advertising a commer- j
cial product.
Local newspapers on Sunday |
printed advertisements by an auto- j
mobile company, in which Miss j
Didrikson was quoted as praising j
the performance of a new model. An !
action picture of the Texas girl j
clearing a hurdle accompanied the i
advertisement.
I NEW YORK, Dec. 5 (TP) — Dan 1
Ferris, secretary-treasurer of the
National Amateur Athletic Union,'
announced tonight that Mildred
("Babe") Didrikson, star all-around
athlete from Texas had disqualified
herself from further amateur com- j
petition by permitting her name to
be used for advertising a commer- j
cial product.
Local newspapers on Sunday |
printed advertisements by an auto- j
mobile company, in which Miss j
Didrikson was quoted as praising j
the performance of a new model. An !
action picture of the Texas girl j
clearing a hurdle accompanied the i
advertisement.
I NEW YORK, Dec. 5 (TP) — Dan 1
Ferris, secretary-treasurer of the
National Amateur Athletic Union,'
announced tonight that Mildred
("Babe") Didrikson, star all-around
athlete from Texas had disqualified
herself from further amateur com- j
petition by permitting her name to
be used for advertising a commer- j
cial product.
Local newspapers on Sunday |
printed advertisements by an auto- j
mobile company, in which Miss j
Didrikson was quoted as praising j
the performance of a new model. An !
action picture of the Texas girl j
clearing a hurdle accompanied the i
advertisement.
I NEW YORK, Dec. 5 (TP) — Dan 1
Ferris, secretary-treasurer of the
National Amateur Athletic Union,'
announced tonight that Mildred
("Babe") Didrikson, star all-around
athlete from Texas had disqualified
herself from further amateur com- j
petition by permitting her name to
be used for advertising a commer- j
cial product.
Local newspapers on Sunday |
printed advertisements by an auto- j
mobile company, in which Miss j
Didrikson was quoted as praising j
the performance of a new model. An !
action picture of the Texas girl j
clearing a hurdle accompanied the i
advertisement.
I NEW YORK, Dec. 5 (TP) — Dan 1
Ferris, secretary-treasurer of the
National Amateur Athletic Union,'
announced tonight that Mildred
("Babe") Didrikson, star all-around
athlete from Texas had disqualified
herself from further amateur com- j
petition by permitting her name to
be used for advertising a commer- j
cial product.
Local newspapers on Sunday |
printed advertisements by an auto- j
mobile company, in which Miss j
Didrikson was quoted as praising j
the performance of a new model. An !
action picture of the Texas girl j
clearing a hurdle accompanied the i
advertisement.
