# Rehabilitation Starts In Flooded South
## 
### 
GAINESVILLE. Ga., April 8 (/P).—
Rebuilding began today in tornado
wrecked Tupelo, Miss., and Gaines
ville, Ga., as the slow surge of de
structive floods claimed attention at
other points in the South. Five flood
deaths lifted the week's toll of the
elements to 429.
Even as funerals progressed, WPA
Administrator Harry L. Hopkins an
nounced the allotment of $1,000,000
each to Georgia and Mississippi for
tornado relief. South Carolina was
allotted $200,000 and Alabama, Ar
kansas, and Tennessee $100,000 each.
GAINESVILLE. Ga., April 8 (/P).—
Rebuilding began today in tornado
wrecked Tupelo, Miss., and Gaines
ville, Ga., as the slow surge of de
structive floods claimed attention at
other points in the South. Five flood
deaths lifted the week's toll of the
elements to 429.
Even as funerals progressed, WPA
Administrator Harry L. Hopkins an
nounced the allotment of $1,000,000
each to Georgia and Mississippi for
tornado relief. South Carolina was
allotted $200,000 and Alabama, Ar
kansas, and Tennessee $100,000 each.
GAINESVILLE. Ga., April 8 (/P).—
Rebuilding began today in tornado
wrecked Tupelo, Miss., and Gaines
ville, Ga., as the slow surge of de
structive floods claimed attention at
other points in the South. Five flood
deaths lifted the week's toll of the
elements to 429.
Even as funerals progressed, WPA
Administrator Harry L. Hopkins an
nounced the allotment of $1,000,000
each to Georgia and Mississippi for
tornado relief. South Carolina was
allotted $200,000 and Alabama, Ar
kansas, and Tennessee $100,000 each.
GAINESVILLE. Ga., April 8 (/P).—
Rebuilding began today in tornado
wrecked Tupelo, Miss., and Gaines
ville, Ga., as the slow surge of de
structive floods claimed attention at
other points in the South. Five flood
deaths lifted the week's toll of the
elements to 429.
Even as funerals progressed, WPA
Administrator Harry L. Hopkins an
nounced the allotment of $1,000,000
each to Georgia and Mississippi for
tornado relief. South Carolina was
allotted $200,000 and Alabama, Ar
kansas, and Tennessee $100,000 each.
GAINESVILLE. Ga., April 8 (/P).—
Rebuilding began today in tornado
wrecked Tupelo, Miss., and Gaines
ville, Ga., as the slow surge of de
structive floods claimed attention at
other points in the South. Five flood
deaths lifted the week's toll of the
elements to 429.
Even as funerals progressed, WPA
Administrator Harry L. Hopkins an
nounced the allotment of $1,000,000
each to Georgia and Mississippi for
tornado relief. South Carolina was
allotted $200,000 and Alabama, Ar
kansas, and Tennessee $100,000 each.
GAINESVILLE. Ga., April 8 (/P).—
Rebuilding began today in tornado
wrecked Tupelo, Miss., and Gaines
ville, Ga., as the slow surge of de
structive floods claimed attention at
other points in the South. Five flood
deaths lifted the week's toll of the
elements to 429.
Even as funerals progressed, WPA
Administrator Harry L. Hopkins an
nounced the allotment of $1,000,000
each to Georgia and Mississippi for
tornado relief. South Carolina was
allotted $200,000 and Alabama, Ar
kansas, and Tennessee $100,000 each.
GAINESVILLE. Ga., April 8 (/P).—
Rebuilding began today in tornado
wrecked Tupelo, Miss., and Gaines
ville, Ga., as the slow surge of de
structive floods claimed attention at
other points in the South. Five flood
deaths lifted the week's toll of the
elements to 429.
Even as funerals progressed, WPA
Administrator Harry L. Hopkins an
nounced the allotment of $1,000,000
each to Georgia and Mississippi for
tornado relief. South Carolina was
allotted $200,000 and Alabama, Ar
kansas, and Tennessee $100,000 each.
GAINESVILLE. Ga., April 8 (/P).—
Rebuilding began today in tornado
wrecked Tupelo, Miss., and Gaines
ville, Ga., as the slow surge of de
structive floods claimed attention at
other points in the South. Five flood
deaths lifted the week's toll of the
elements to 429.
Even as funerals progressed, WPA
Administrator Harry L. Hopkins an
nounced the allotment of $1,000,000
each to Georgia and Mississippi for
tornado relief. South Carolina was
allotted $200,000 and Alabama, Ar
kansas, and Tennessee $100,000 each.
GAINESVILLE. Ga., April 8 (/P).—
Rebuilding began today in tornado
wrecked Tupelo, Miss., and Gaines
ville, Ga., as the slow surge of de
structive floods claimed attention at
other points in the South. Five flood
deaths lifted the week's toll of the
elements to 429.
Even as funerals progressed, WPA
Administrator Harry L. Hopkins an
nounced the allotment of $1,000,000
each to Georgia and Mississippi for
tornado relief. South Carolina was
allotted $200,000 and Alabama, Ar
kansas, and Tennessee $100,000 each.
GAINESVILLE. Ga., April 8 (/P).—
Rebuilding began today in tornado
wrecked Tupelo, Miss., and Gaines
ville, Ga., as the slow surge of de
structive floods claimed attention at
other points in the South. Five flood
deaths lifted the week's toll of the
elements to 429.
Even as funerals progressed, WPA
Administrator Harry L. Hopkins an
nounced the allotment of $1,000,000
each to Georgia and Mississippi for
tornado relief. South Carolina was
allotted $200,000 and Alabama, Ar
kansas, and Tennessee $100,000 each.
GAINESVILLE. Ga., April 8 (/P).—
Rebuilding began today in tornado
wrecked Tupelo, Miss., and Gaines
ville, Ga., as the slow surge of de
structive floods claimed attention at
other points in the South. Five flood
deaths lifted the week's toll of the
elements to 429.
Even as funerals progressed, WPA
Administrator Harry L. Hopkins an
nounced the allotment of $1,000,000
each to Georgia and Mississippi for
tornado relief. South Carolina was
allotted $200,000 and Alabama, Ar
kansas, and Tennessee $100,000 each.
GAINESVILLE. Ga., April 8 (/P).—
Rebuilding began today in tornado
wrecked Tupelo, Miss., and Gaines
ville, Ga., as the slow surge of de
structive floods claimed attention at
other points in the South. Five flood
deaths lifted the week's toll of the
elements to 429.
Even as funerals progressed, WPA
Administrator Harry L. Hopkins an
nounced the allotment of $1,000,000
each to Georgia and Mississippi for
tornado relief. South Carolina was
allotted $200,000 and Alabama, Ar
kansas, and Tennessee $100,000 each.
GAINESVILLE. Ga., April 8 (/P).—
Rebuilding began today in tornado
wrecked Tupelo, Miss., and Gaines
ville, Ga., as the slow surge of de
structive floods claimed attention at
other points in the South. Five flood
deaths lifted the week's toll of the
elements to 429.
Even as funerals progressed, WPA
Administrator Harry L. Hopkins an
nounced the allotment of $1,000,000
each to Georgia and Mississippi for
tornado relief. South Carolina was
allotted $200,000 and Alabama, Ar
kansas, and Tennessee $100,000 each.
GAINESVILLE. Ga., April 8 (/P).—
Rebuilding began today in tornado
wrecked Tupelo, Miss., and Gaines
ville, Ga., as the slow surge of de
structive floods claimed attention at
other points in the South. Five flood
deaths lifted the week's toll of the
elements to 429.
Even as funerals progressed, WPA
Administrator Harry L. Hopkins an
nounced the allotment of $1,000,000
each to Georgia and Mississippi for
tornado relief. South Carolina was
allotted $200,000 and Alabama, Ar
kansas, and Tennessee $100,000 each.
GAINESVILLE. Ga., April 8 (/P).—
Rebuilding began today in tornado
wrecked Tupelo, Miss., and Gaines
ville, Ga., as the slow surge of de
structive floods claimed attention at
other points in the South. Five flood
deaths lifted the week's toll of the
elements to 429.
Even as funerals progressed, WPA
Administrator Harry L. Hopkins an
nounced the allotment of $1,000,000
each to Georgia and Mississippi for
tornado relief. South Carolina was
allotted $200,000 and Alabama, Ar
kansas, and Tennessee $100,000 each.
GAINESVILLE. Ga., April 8 (/P).—
Rebuilding began today in tornado
wrecked Tupelo, Miss., and Gaines
ville, Ga., as the slow surge of de
structive floods claimed attention at
other points in the South. Five flood
deaths lifted the week's toll of the
elements to 429.
Even as funerals progressed, WPA
Administrator Harry L. Hopkins an
nounced the allotment of $1,000,000
each to Georgia and Mississippi for
tornado relief. South Carolina was
allotted $200,000 and Alabama, Ar
kansas, and Tennessee $100,000 each.
