# Two-Mile King
## 
### 

INTRODUCING Edson Burrows.
Coach Dink Templeton's lanky
sophomore distance runner who
is a sure point winner in the
two-mile.

INTRODUCING Edson Burrows.
Coach Dink Templeton's lanky
sophomore distance runner who
is a sure point winner in the
two-mile.

INTRODUCING Edson Burrows.
Coach Dink Templeton's lanky
sophomore distance runner who
is a sure point winner in the
two-mile.

INTRODUCING Edson Burrows.
Coach Dink Templeton's lanky
sophomore distance runner who
is a sure point winner in the
two-mile.

INTRODUCING Edson Burrows.
Coach Dink Templeton's lanky
sophomore distance runner who
is a sure point winner in the
two-mile.

INTRODUCING Edson Burrows.
Coach Dink Templeton's lanky
sophomore distance runner who
is a sure point winner in the
two-mile.

INTRODUCING Edson Burrows.
Coach Dink Templeton's lanky
sophomore distance runner who
is a sure point winner in the
two-mile.

INTRODUCING Edson Burrows.
Coach Dink Templeton's lanky
sophomore distance runner who
is a sure point winner in the
two-mile.

INTRODUCING Edson Burrows.
Coach Dink Templeton's lanky
sophomore distance runner who
is a sure point winner in the
two-mile.

INTRODUCING Edson Burrows.
Coach Dink Templeton's lanky
sophomore distance runner who
is a sure point winner in the
two-mile.

INTRODUCING Edson Burrows.
Coach Dink Templeton's lanky
sophomore distance runner who
is a sure point winner in the
two-mile.

INTRODUCING Edson Burrows.
Coach Dink Templeton's lanky
sophomore distance runner who
is a sure point winner in the
two-mile.

INTRODUCING Edson Burrows.
Coach Dink Templeton's lanky
sophomore distance runner who
is a sure point winner in the
two-mile.

INTRODUCING Edson Burrows.
Coach Dink Templeton's lanky
sophomore distance runner who
is a sure point winner in the
two-mile.

INTRODUCING Edson Burrows.
Coach Dink Templeton's lanky
sophomore distance runner who
is a sure point winner in the
two-mile.

INTRODUCING Edson Burrows.
Coach Dink Templeton's lanky
sophomore distance runner who
is a sure point winner in the
two-mile.
