# Rough Walks Down Row B.V.D. Clad
## 
### 
Ed Proctor, clad in underwear
and shirt-tails, was escorted by
some twenty-odd honking auto
mobiles yesterday afternoon as he
calmly walked down the hill from
the Sigma Nu house, along the
shaded sidewalks of Lasuen street,
past the post office, and up the
steps of the library.
Eleven dollars that "said he
wouldn't" provided the motive.
Proctor ambled into the reference
reading room on the first floor of
the library, and looked at the
clock. The time was almost 3:30
o'clockâ€”if he happened to notice.
Satisfied (hat he was IN the li
brary, Proctor turned around and
went out . . . just another guy
who was calm and collected!
