# RANKING NET PLAY SCHEDULED TODAY, POSTPONED BY RAIN
## 
### 
Three exhibition ranking tennis
matches scheduled for today on the
varsity courts have been postponed
by prolonged rain which has put t
a damper on all outdoor sports.
Matches were to be Weesner vs. !
Hall; Easton vs. Driscoll; and Ply- i
mire vs. McKellip. Ranking match (
play will he resumed as soon as
possible.
While Coach Ragan is not wor- |
lied about the temporary check \
put upon singles practice, lie is
anxious to get started on experi- 1
mental doubles combinations. The j
anticipated Doeg-Weesner combina
tion being broken up by the ab- |
sence of I)oeg, another crack team
is yet to be found. The first, half
dozen or so men on the squad are
approximately on a par in their
singles game, making all sorts of |
smooth-working hook-ups possible, i
Three exhibition ranking tennis
matches scheduled for today on the
varsity courts have been postponed
by prolonged rain which has put t
a damper on all outdoor sports.
Matches were to be Weesner vs. !
Hall; Easton vs. Driscoll; and Ply- i
mire vs. McKellip. Ranking match (
play will he resumed as soon as
possible.
While Coach Ragan is not wor- |
lied about the temporary check \
put upon singles practice, lie is
anxious to get started on experi- 1
mental doubles combinations. The j
anticipated Doeg-Weesner combina
tion being broken up by the ab- |
sence of I)oeg, another crack team
is yet to be found. The first, half
dozen or so men on the squad are
approximately on a par in their
singles game, making all sorts of |
smooth-working hook-ups possible, i
Three exhibition ranking tennis
matches scheduled for today on the
varsity courts have been postponed
by prolonged rain which has put t
a damper on all outdoor sports.
Matches were to be Weesner vs. !
Hall; Easton vs. Driscoll; and Ply- i
mire vs. McKellip. Ranking match (
play will he resumed as soon as
possible.
While Coach Ragan is not wor- |
lied about the temporary check \
put upon singles practice, lie is
anxious to get started on experi- 1
mental doubles combinations. The j
anticipated Doeg-Weesner combina
tion being broken up by the ab- |
sence of I)oeg, another crack team
is yet to be found. The first, half
dozen or so men on the squad are
approximately on a par in their
singles game, making all sorts of |
smooth-working hook-ups possible, i
Three exhibition ranking tennis
matches scheduled for today on the
varsity courts have been postponed
by prolonged rain which has put t
a damper on all outdoor sports.
Matches were to be Weesner vs. !
Hall; Easton vs. Driscoll; and Ply- i
mire vs. McKellip. Ranking match (
play will he resumed as soon as
possible.
While Coach Ragan is not wor- |
lied about the temporary check \
put upon singles practice, lie is
anxious to get started on experi- 1
mental doubles combinations. The j
anticipated Doeg-Weesner combina
tion being broken up by the ab- |
sence of I)oeg, another crack team
is yet to be found. The first, half
dozen or so men on the squad are
approximately on a par in their
singles game, making all sorts of |
smooth-working hook-ups possible, i
Three exhibition ranking tennis
matches scheduled for today on the
varsity courts have been postponed
by prolonged rain which has put t
a damper on all outdoor sports.
Matches were to be Weesner vs. !
Hall; Easton vs. Driscoll; and Ply- i
mire vs. McKellip. Ranking match (
play will he resumed as soon as
possible.
While Coach Ragan is not wor- |
lied about the temporary check \
put upon singles practice, lie is
anxious to get started on experi- 1
mental doubles combinations. The j
anticipated Doeg-Weesner combina
tion being broken up by the ab- |
sence of I)oeg, another crack team
is yet to be found. The first, half
dozen or so men on the squad are
approximately on a par in their
singles game, making all sorts of |
smooth-working hook-ups possible, i
Three exhibition ranking tennis
matches scheduled for today on the
varsity courts have been postponed
by prolonged rain which has put t
a damper on all outdoor sports.
Matches were to be Weesner vs. !
Hall; Easton vs. Driscoll; and Ply- i
mire vs. McKellip. Ranking match (
play will he resumed as soon as
possible.
While Coach Ragan is not wor- |
lied about the temporary check \
put upon singles practice, lie is
anxious to get started on experi- 1
mental doubles combinations. The j
anticipated Doeg-Weesner combina
tion being broken up by the ab- |
sence of I)oeg, another crack team
is yet to be found. The first, half
dozen or so men on the squad are
approximately on a par in their
singles game, making all sorts of |
smooth-working hook-ups possible, i
Three exhibition ranking tennis
matches scheduled for today on the
varsity courts have been postponed
by prolonged rain which has put t
a damper on all outdoor sports.
Matches were to be Weesner vs. !
Hall; Easton vs. Driscoll; and Ply- i
mire vs. McKellip. Ranking match (
play will he resumed as soon as
possible.
While Coach Ragan is not wor- |
lied about the temporary check \
put upon singles practice, lie is
anxious to get started on experi- 1
mental doubles combinations. The j
anticipated Doeg-Weesner combina
tion being broken up by the ab- |
sence of I)oeg, another crack team
is yet to be found. The first, half
dozen or so men on the squad are
approximately on a par in their
singles game, making all sorts of |
smooth-working hook-ups possible, i
Three exhibition ranking tennis
matches scheduled for today on the
varsity courts have been postponed
by prolonged rain which has put t
a damper on all outdoor sports.
Matches were to be Weesner vs. !
Hall; Easton vs. Driscoll; and Ply- i
mire vs. McKellip. Ranking match (
play will he resumed as soon as
possible.
While Coach Ragan is not wor- |
lied about the temporary check \
put upon singles practice, lie is
anxious to get started on experi- 1
mental doubles combinations. The j
anticipated Doeg-Weesner combina
tion being broken up by the ab- |
sence of I)oeg, another crack team
is yet to be found. The first, half
dozen or so men on the squad are
approximately on a par in their
singles game, making all sorts of |
smooth-working hook-ups possible, i
Three exhibition ranking tennis
matches scheduled for today on the
varsity courts have been postponed
by prolonged rain which has put t
a damper on all outdoor sports.
Matches were to be Weesner vs. !
Hall; Easton vs. Driscoll; and Ply- i
mire vs. McKellip. Ranking match (
play will he resumed as soon as
possible.
While Coach Ragan is not wor- |
lied about the temporary check \
put upon singles practice, lie is
anxious to get started on experi- 1
mental doubles combinations. The j
anticipated Doeg-Weesner combina
tion being broken up by the ab- |
sence of I)oeg, another crack team
is yet to be found. The first, half
dozen or so men on the squad are
approximately on a par in their
singles game, making all sorts of |
smooth-working hook-ups possible, i
Three exhibition ranking tennis
matches scheduled for today on the
varsity courts have been postponed
by prolonged rain which has put t
a damper on all outdoor sports.
Matches were to be Weesner vs. !
Hall; Easton vs. Driscoll; and Ply- i
mire vs. McKellip. Ranking match (
play will he resumed as soon as
possible.
While Coach Ragan is not wor- |
lied about the temporary check \
put upon singles practice, lie is
anxious to get started on experi- 1
mental doubles combinations. The j
anticipated Doeg-Weesner combina
tion being broken up by the ab- |
sence of I)oeg, another crack team
is yet to be found. The first, half
dozen or so men on the squad are
approximately on a par in their
singles game, making all sorts of |
smooth-working hook-ups possible, i
Three exhibition ranking tennis
matches scheduled for today on the
varsity courts have been postponed
by prolonged rain which has put t
a damper on all outdoor sports.
Matches were to be Weesner vs. !
Hall; Easton vs. Driscoll; and Ply- i
mire vs. McKellip. Ranking match (
play will he resumed as soon as
possible.
While Coach Ragan is not wor- |
lied about the temporary check \
put upon singles practice, lie is
anxious to get started on experi- 1
mental doubles combinations. The j
anticipated Doeg-Weesner combina
tion being broken up by the ab- |
sence of I)oeg, another crack team
is yet to be found. The first, half
dozen or so men on the squad are
approximately on a par in their
singles game, making all sorts of |
smooth-working hook-ups possible, i
Three exhibition ranking tennis
matches scheduled for today on the
varsity courts have been postponed
by prolonged rain which has put t
a damper on all outdoor sports.
Matches were to be Weesner vs. !
Hall; Easton vs. Driscoll; and Ply- i
mire vs. McKellip. Ranking match (
play will he resumed as soon as
possible.
While Coach Ragan is not wor- |
lied about the temporary check \
put upon singles practice, lie is
anxious to get started on experi- 1
mental doubles combinations. The j
anticipated Doeg-Weesner combina
tion being broken up by the ab- |
sence of I)oeg, another crack team
is yet to be found. The first, half
dozen or so men on the squad are
approximately on a par in their
singles game, making all sorts of |
smooth-working hook-ups possible, i
Three exhibition ranking tennis
matches scheduled for today on the
varsity courts have been postponed
by prolonged rain which has put t
a damper on all outdoor sports.
Matches were to be Weesner vs. !
Hall; Easton vs. Driscoll; and Ply- i
mire vs. McKellip. Ranking match (
play will he resumed as soon as
possible.
While Coach Ragan is not wor- |
lied about the temporary check \
put upon singles practice, lie is
anxious to get started on experi- 1
mental doubles combinations. The j
anticipated Doeg-Weesner combina
tion being broken up by the ab- |
sence of I)oeg, another crack team
is yet to be found. The first, half
dozen or so men on the squad are
approximately on a par in their
singles game, making all sorts of |
smooth-working hook-ups possible, i
Three exhibition ranking tennis
matches scheduled for today on the
varsity courts have been postponed
by prolonged rain which has put t
a damper on all outdoor sports.
Matches were to be Weesner vs. !
Hall; Easton vs. Driscoll; and Ply- i
mire vs. McKellip. Ranking match (
play will he resumed as soon as
possible.
While Coach Ragan is not wor- |
lied about the temporary check \
put upon singles practice, lie is
anxious to get started on experi- 1
mental doubles combinations. The j
anticipated Doeg-Weesner combina
tion being broken up by the ab- |
sence of I)oeg, another crack team
is yet to be found. The first, half
dozen or so men on the squad are
approximately on a par in their
singles game, making all sorts of |
smooth-working hook-ups possible, i
Three exhibition ranking tennis
matches scheduled for today on the
varsity courts have been postponed
by prolonged rain which has put t
a damper on all outdoor sports.
Matches were to be Weesner vs. !
Hall; Easton vs. Driscoll; and Ply- i
mire vs. McKellip. Ranking match (
play will he resumed as soon as
possible.
While Coach Ragan is not wor- |
lied about the temporary check \
put upon singles practice, lie is
anxious to get started on experi- 1
mental doubles combinations. The j
anticipated Doeg-Weesner combina
tion being broken up by the ab- |
sence of I)oeg, another crack team
is yet to be found. The first, half
dozen or so men on the squad are
approximately on a par in their
singles game, making all sorts of |
smooth-working hook-ups possible, i
Three exhibition ranking tennis
matches scheduled for today on the
varsity courts have been postponed
by prolonged rain which has put t
a damper on all outdoor sports.
Matches were to be Weesner vs. !
Hall; Easton vs. Driscoll; and Ply- i
mire vs. McKellip. Ranking match (
play will he resumed as soon as
possible.
While Coach Ragan is not wor- |
lied about the temporary check \
put upon singles practice, lie is
anxious to get started on experi- 1
mental doubles combinations. The j
anticipated Doeg-Weesner combina
tion being broken up by the ab- |
sence of I)oeg, another crack team
is yet to be found. The first, half
dozen or so men on the squad are
approximately on a par in their
singles game, making all sorts of |
smooth-working hook-ups possible, i
