# Eulau Says Politicians' Aims Differ
## 
### 
Professor Heinz Eulau of the
political science department said
in a Poli Union talk last night
that it was a misconception to
think that state political figures
had to move up a political ladder
to reach a top position.
This was true, he said, in a
highly competitive two-party state
such as New Jersey, but not in a
one-party, noncompetitive state
such as Tennessee where friends
and neighbors outside the party
select the man who will be their
legislator.
Citing evidence from a survey
he had helped to take, Eulau said
that a legislator in Tennessee was
more likely to be in politics for
personal gain and to combine
private business and politics. A
legislator in competitive New Jer
sey was more likely to be al
truistic, skilled in law, and in
terested in politics as a career.
Eulau's 1957 statistics place
California as changing from a
non-partisan to a competitive sys
tem, but its politics more closely
resemble those of Tennessee than
New Jersey.
