# Sopranos to Lead Symphony Forum
## 
### 
Two of the leading sopranos in
the world of opera, Leontync
Price and Frances Bible, will be
guests at the 20th annual Stan
ford Symphony Forum to be held
tomorrow in the Little Theatre at
Memorial Auditorium at 4:15 p.m.
The two artists will discuss the
symphony, opera and their own
careers. The informal panel will
be moderated by San Francisco
Examiner music critic, Alexander
Friend, and will be followed by a
question and answer period.
Miss Price and Miss Bible will
appear as soloists in Verdi's Re
quiem to be presented by the San
Francisco Symphony Orchestra
with the Stanford Chorus tomor
row, Thursday and Friday in San
Francisco.
Miss Price, a graduate of New
York's Julliard School of Music,
is well known for her role of the
heroine in Gershwin's "Porgy and
Bess" in its 1952 Broadway pro
duct ion.
Miss Bible, who is also a gradu
ate of the Julliard School, made
her debut in 1948. She is now best
known for her performance in
Rossini's "Cinderella."
