# Scholarships
## 
### 
The Jake Gimbel Scholarship
Loal Fund will loan $1,000 without
interest to eight male applicants.
Application deadline is May 1.
1960. More information can bo
obtained in the Financial Aids
Office.
Turlock Soroptimist Club Schol
arship for Upper Division Work:
$250.00 -scholarship each year to
a local outstanding girl to help
defray expenses of her junior and
senior college year. More informa
tion and application blanks are
available in the Financial Aids
Office. Room 102-G. Deadline is
April 20.
The Jake Gimbel Scholarship
Loal Fund will loan $1,000 without
interest to eight male applicants.
Application deadline is May 1.
1960. More information can bo
obtained in the Financial Aids
Office.
Turlock Soroptimist Club Schol
arship for Upper Division Work:
$250.00 -scholarship each year to
a local outstanding girl to help
defray expenses of her junior and
senior college year. More informa
tion and application blanks are
available in the Financial Aids
Office. Room 102-G. Deadline is
April 20.
The Jake Gimbel Scholarship
Loal Fund will loan $1,000 without
interest to eight male applicants.
Application deadline is May 1.
1960. More information can bo
obtained in the Financial Aids
Office.
Turlock Soroptimist Club Schol
arship for Upper Division Work:
$250.00 -scholarship each year to
a local outstanding girl to help
defray expenses of her junior and
senior college year. More informa
tion and application blanks are
available in the Financial Aids
Office. Room 102-G. Deadline is
April 20.
The Jake Gimbel Scholarship
Loal Fund will loan $1,000 without
interest to eight male applicants.
Application deadline is May 1.
1960. More information can bo
obtained in the Financial Aids
Office.
Turlock Soroptimist Club Schol
arship for Upper Division Work:
$250.00 -scholarship each year to
a local outstanding girl to help
defray expenses of her junior and
senior college year. More informa
tion and application blanks are
available in the Financial Aids
Office. Room 102-G. Deadline is
April 20.
The Jake Gimbel Scholarship
Loal Fund will loan $1,000 without
interest to eight male applicants.
Application deadline is May 1.
1960. More information can bo
obtained in the Financial Aids
Office.
Turlock Soroptimist Club Schol
arship for Upper Division Work:
$250.00 -scholarship each year to
a local outstanding girl to help
defray expenses of her junior and
senior college year. More informa
tion and application blanks are
available in the Financial Aids
Office. Room 102-G. Deadline is
April 20.
The Jake Gimbel Scholarship
Loal Fund will loan $1,000 without
interest to eight male applicants.
Application deadline is May 1.
1960. More information can bo
obtained in the Financial Aids
Office.
Turlock Soroptimist Club Schol
arship for Upper Division Work:
$250.00 -scholarship each year to
a local outstanding girl to help
defray expenses of her junior and
senior college year. More informa
tion and application blanks are
available in the Financial Aids
Office. Room 102-G. Deadline is
April 20.
The Jake Gimbel Scholarship
Loal Fund will loan $1,000 without
interest to eight male applicants.
Application deadline is May 1.
1960. More information can bo
obtained in the Financial Aids
Office.
Turlock Soroptimist Club Schol
arship for Upper Division Work:
$250.00 -scholarship each year to
a local outstanding girl to help
defray expenses of her junior and
senior college year. More informa
tion and application blanks are
available in the Financial Aids
Office. Room 102-G. Deadline is
April 20.
The Jake Gimbel Scholarship
Loal Fund will loan $1,000 without
interest to eight male applicants.
Application deadline is May 1.
1960. More information can bo
obtained in the Financial Aids
Office.
Turlock Soroptimist Club Schol
arship for Upper Division Work:
$250.00 -scholarship each year to
a local outstanding girl to help
defray expenses of her junior and
senior college year. More informa
tion and application blanks are
available in the Financial Aids
Office. Room 102-G. Deadline is
April 20.
The Jake Gimbel Scholarship
Loal Fund will loan $1,000 without
interest to eight male applicants.
Application deadline is May 1.
1960. More information can bo
obtained in the Financial Aids
Office.
Turlock Soroptimist Club Schol
arship for Upper Division Work:
$250.00 -scholarship each year to
a local outstanding girl to help
defray expenses of her junior and
senior college year. More informa
tion and application blanks are
available in the Financial Aids
Office. Room 102-G. Deadline is
April 20.
The Jake Gimbel Scholarship
Loal Fund will loan $1,000 without
interest to eight male applicants.
Application deadline is May 1.
1960. More information can bo
obtained in the Financial Aids
Office.
Turlock Soroptimist Club Schol
arship for Upper Division Work:
$250.00 -scholarship each year to
a local outstanding girl to help
defray expenses of her junior and
senior college year. More informa
tion and application blanks are
available in the Financial Aids
Office. Room 102-G. Deadline is
April 20.
The Jake Gimbel Scholarship
Loal Fund will loan $1,000 without
interest to eight male applicants.
Application deadline is May 1.
1960. More information can bo
obtained in the Financial Aids
Office.
Turlock Soroptimist Club Schol
arship for Upper Division Work:
$250.00 -scholarship each year to
a local outstanding girl to help
defray expenses of her junior and
senior college year. More informa
tion and application blanks are
available in the Financial Aids
Office. Room 102-G. Deadline is
April 20.
The Jake Gimbel Scholarship
Loal Fund will loan $1,000 without
interest to eight male applicants.
Application deadline is May 1.
1960. More information can bo
obtained in the Financial Aids
Office.
Turlock Soroptimist Club Schol
arship for Upper Division Work:
$250.00 -scholarship each year to
a local outstanding girl to help
defray expenses of her junior and
senior college year. More informa
tion and application blanks are
available in the Financial Aids
Office. Room 102-G. Deadline is
April 20.
The Jake Gimbel Scholarship
Loal Fund will loan $1,000 without
interest to eight male applicants.
Application deadline is May 1.
1960. More information can bo
obtained in the Financial Aids
Office.
Turlock Soroptimist Club Schol
arship for Upper Division Work:
$250.00 -scholarship each year to
a local outstanding girl to help
defray expenses of her junior and
senior college year. More informa
tion and application blanks are
available in the Financial Aids
Office. Room 102-G. Deadline is
April 20.
The Jake Gimbel Scholarship
Loal Fund will loan $1,000 without
interest to eight male applicants.
Application deadline is May 1.
1960. More information can bo
obtained in the Financial Aids
Office.
Turlock Soroptimist Club Schol
arship for Upper Division Work:
$250.00 -scholarship each year to
a local outstanding girl to help
defray expenses of her junior and
senior college year. More informa
tion and application blanks are
available in the Financial Aids
Office. Room 102-G. Deadline is
April 20.
The Jake Gimbel Scholarship
Loal Fund will loan $1,000 without
interest to eight male applicants.
Application deadline is May 1.
1960. More information can bo
obtained in the Financial Aids
Office.
Turlock Soroptimist Club Schol
arship for Upper Division Work:
$250.00 -scholarship each year to
a local outstanding girl to help
defray expenses of her junior and
senior college year. More informa
tion and application blanks are
available in the Financial Aids
Office. Room 102-G. Deadline is
April 20.
The Jake Gimbel Scholarship
Loal Fund will loan $1,000 without
interest to eight male applicants.
Application deadline is May 1.
1960. More information can bo
obtained in the Financial Aids
Office.
Turlock Soroptimist Club Schol
arship for Upper Division Work:
$250.00 -scholarship each year to
a local outstanding girl to help
defray expenses of her junior and
senior college year. More informa
tion and application blanks are
available in the Financial Aids
Office. Room 102-G. Deadline is
April 20.
