# CAP AND GOWN TO MEET
## 
### 
Cap and Gown, women's honorary
society, will meet this afternoon at
1 o'clock in the Chi Omega house.
Plans for an affair for the incom
ing freshmen will be discussed, Lil
lian Schuck, president, announced.
All active members are urged to be
present.
In 1930 there were 1,000,000 trac
tors at work on farms of the United
States.
Cap and Gown, women's honorary
society, will meet this afternoon at
1 o'clock in the Chi Omega house.
Plans for an affair for the incom
ing freshmen will be discussed, Lil
lian Schuck, president, announced.
All active members are urged to be
present.
In 1930 there were 1,000,000 trac
tors at work on farms of the United
States.
Cap and Gown, women's honorary
society, will meet this afternoon at
1 o'clock in the Chi Omega house.
Plans for an affair for the incom
ing freshmen will be discussed, Lil
lian Schuck, president, announced.
All active members are urged to be
present.
In 1930 there were 1,000,000 trac
tors at work on farms of the United
States.
Cap and Gown, women's honorary
society, will meet this afternoon at
1 o'clock in the Chi Omega house.
Plans for an affair for the incom
ing freshmen will be discussed, Lil
lian Schuck, president, announced.
All active members are urged to be
present.
In 1930 there were 1,000,000 trac
tors at work on farms of the United
States.
Cap and Gown, women's honorary
society, will meet this afternoon at
1 o'clock in the Chi Omega house.
Plans for an affair for the incom
ing freshmen will be discussed, Lil
lian Schuck, president, announced.
All active members are urged to be
present.
In 1930 there were 1,000,000 trac
tors at work on farms of the United
States.
Cap and Gown, women's honorary
society, will meet this afternoon at
1 o'clock in the Chi Omega house.
Plans for an affair for the incom
ing freshmen will be discussed, Lil
lian Schuck, president, announced.
All active members are urged to be
present.
In 1930 there were 1,000,000 trac
tors at work on farms of the United
States.
Cap and Gown, women's honorary
society, will meet this afternoon at
1 o'clock in the Chi Omega house.
Plans for an affair for the incom
ing freshmen will be discussed, Lil
lian Schuck, president, announced.
All active members are urged to be
present.
In 1930 there were 1,000,000 trac
tors at work on farms of the United
States.
Cap and Gown, women's honorary
society, will meet this afternoon at
1 o'clock in the Chi Omega house.
Plans for an affair for the incom
ing freshmen will be discussed, Lil
lian Schuck, president, announced.
All active members are urged to be
present.
In 1930 there were 1,000,000 trac
tors at work on farms of the United
States.
Cap and Gown, women's honorary
society, will meet this afternoon at
1 o'clock in the Chi Omega house.
Plans for an affair for the incom
ing freshmen will be discussed, Lil
lian Schuck, president, announced.
All active members are urged to be
present.
In 1930 there were 1,000,000 trac
tors at work on farms of the United
States.
Cap and Gown, women's honorary
society, will meet this afternoon at
1 o'clock in the Chi Omega house.
Plans for an affair for the incom
ing freshmen will be discussed, Lil
lian Schuck, president, announced.
All active members are urged to be
present.
In 1930 there were 1,000,000 trac
tors at work on farms of the United
States.
Cap and Gown, women's honorary
society, will meet this afternoon at
1 o'clock in the Chi Omega house.
Plans for an affair for the incom
ing freshmen will be discussed, Lil
lian Schuck, president, announced.
All active members are urged to be
present.
In 1930 there were 1,000,000 trac
tors at work on farms of the United
States.
Cap and Gown, women's honorary
society, will meet this afternoon at
1 o'clock in the Chi Omega house.
Plans for an affair for the incom
ing freshmen will be discussed, Lil
lian Schuck, president, announced.
All active members are urged to be
present.
In 1930 there were 1,000,000 trac
tors at work on farms of the United
States.
Cap and Gown, women's honorary
society, will meet this afternoon at
1 o'clock in the Chi Omega house.
Plans for an affair for the incom
ing freshmen will be discussed, Lil
lian Schuck, president, announced.
All active members are urged to be
present.
In 1930 there were 1,000,000 trac
tors at work on farms of the United
States.
Cap and Gown, women's honorary
society, will meet this afternoon at
1 o'clock in the Chi Omega house.
Plans for an affair for the incom
ing freshmen will be discussed, Lil
lian Schuck, president, announced.
All active members are urged to be
present.
In 1930 there were 1,000,000 trac
tors at work on farms of the United
States.
Cap and Gown, women's honorary
society, will meet this afternoon at
1 o'clock in the Chi Omega house.
Plans for an affair for the incom
ing freshmen will be discussed, Lil
lian Schuck, president, announced.
All active members are urged to be
present.
In 1930 there were 1,000,000 trac
tors at work on farms of the United
States.
