# For President
## 
### 

Associated I'rcss I'hoto
Neighbors in Malone and Hills
boro, Tex., organized several
months ago to declare Melvin A.
Traylor, Chicago rail executive,
their choice for the democratic
presidential nomination.

Associated I'rcss I'hoto
Neighbors in Malone and Hills
boro, Tex., organized several
months ago to declare Melvin A.
Traylor, Chicago rail executive,
their choice for the democratic
presidential nomination.

Associated I'rcss I'hoto
Neighbors in Malone and Hills
boro, Tex., organized several
months ago to declare Melvin A.
Traylor, Chicago rail executive,
their choice for the democratic
presidential nomination.

Associated I'rcss I'hoto
Neighbors in Malone and Hills
boro, Tex., organized several
months ago to declare Melvin A.
Traylor, Chicago rail executive,
their choice for the democratic
presidential nomination.

Associated I'rcss I'hoto
Neighbors in Malone and Hills
boro, Tex., organized several
months ago to declare Melvin A.
Traylor, Chicago rail executive,
their choice for the democratic
presidential nomination.

Associated I'rcss I'hoto
Neighbors in Malone and Hills
boro, Tex., organized several
months ago to declare Melvin A.
Traylor, Chicago rail executive,
their choice for the democratic
presidential nomination.

Associated I'rcss I'hoto
Neighbors in Malone and Hills
boro, Tex., organized several
months ago to declare Melvin A.
Traylor, Chicago rail executive,
their choice for the democratic
presidential nomination.

Associated I'rcss I'hoto
Neighbors in Malone and Hills
boro, Tex., organized several
months ago to declare Melvin A.
Traylor, Chicago rail executive,
their choice for the democratic
presidential nomination.

Associated I'rcss I'hoto
Neighbors in Malone and Hills
boro, Tex., organized several
months ago to declare Melvin A.
Traylor, Chicago rail executive,
their choice for the democratic
presidential nomination.

Associated I'rcss I'hoto
Neighbors in Malone and Hills
boro, Tex., organized several
months ago to declare Melvin A.
Traylor, Chicago rail executive,
their choice for the democratic
presidential nomination.

Associated I'rcss I'hoto
Neighbors in Malone and Hills
boro, Tex., organized several
months ago to declare Melvin A.
Traylor, Chicago rail executive,
their choice for the democratic
presidential nomination.

Associated I'rcss I'hoto
Neighbors in Malone and Hills
boro, Tex., organized several
months ago to declare Melvin A.
Traylor, Chicago rail executive,
their choice for the democratic
presidential nomination.

Associated I'rcss I'hoto
Neighbors in Malone and Hills
boro, Tex., organized several
months ago to declare Melvin A.
Traylor, Chicago rail executive,
their choice for the democratic
presidential nomination.

Associated I'rcss I'hoto
Neighbors in Malone and Hills
boro, Tex., organized several
months ago to declare Melvin A.
Traylor, Chicago rail executive,
their choice for the democratic
presidential nomination.

Associated I'rcss I'hoto
Neighbors in Malone and Hills
boro, Tex., organized several
months ago to declare Melvin A.
Traylor, Chicago rail executive,
their choice for the democratic
presidential nomination.
