# JOURNALISM STAFF HAS NEW MEMBERS
## 
### 
Charles E. Rogers, head of the j
Department of Journalism at Kansas j
State College, is taking advanced j
work and teaching at Stanford this j
year. He is giving courses in news
writing and copy reading this quar
ter. Rogers is the author of the re
cent book "Journalistic Vocations."
Another new man in the Journal
ism department is Elmer Emig, head j
of the Journalism Department at the
University of Florida. He is taking
advanced work this quarter but will
give some courses in Winter, Spring,
and Summer Quarters.
Germany's sales of industrial ma- |
chinery to New Zealand in the first
four months of this year wer<>
greater than those of the entire year
of 1928.
