# JOHNNY FARRELL TO MARRY IN AUTUMN
## 
### 
NEW YORK, Oct. 1. (/P)—Johnny
Farrell, dandy of the fairways and
United States open golf champion
of 1928, is to be married this fall,
friends revealed today, to Miss
Catherine Hush of Greenwich, Con
necticut.

They met last fall at an exhibition
match in which Johnny was a par
ticipant and Miss Hush r.n onlooker.
Miss Hush is 20 years old. Farrell
is 30.
NEW YORK, Oct. 1. (/P)—Johnny
Farrell, dandy of the fairways and
United States open golf champion
of 1928, is to be married this fall,
friends revealed today, to Miss
Catherine Hush of Greenwich, Con
necticut.

They met last fall at an exhibition
match in which Johnny was a par
ticipant and Miss Hush r.n onlooker.
Miss Hush is 20 years old. Farrell
is 30.
NEW YORK, Oct. 1. (/P)—Johnny
Farrell, dandy of the fairways and
United States open golf champion
of 1928, is to be married this fall,
friends revealed today, to Miss
Catherine Hush of Greenwich, Con
necticut.

They met last fall at an exhibition
match in which Johnny was a par
ticipant and Miss Hush r.n onlooker.
Miss Hush is 20 years old. Farrell
is 30.
NEW YORK, Oct. 1. (/P)—Johnny
Farrell, dandy of the fairways and
United States open golf champion
of 1928, is to be married this fall,
friends revealed today, to Miss
Catherine Hush of Greenwich, Con
necticut.

They met last fall at an exhibition
match in which Johnny was a par
ticipant and Miss Hush r.n onlooker.
Miss Hush is 20 years old. Farrell
is 30.
NEW YORK, Oct. 1. (/P)—Johnny
Farrell, dandy of the fairways and
United States open golf champion
of 1928, is to be married this fall,
friends revealed today, to Miss
Catherine Hush of Greenwich, Con
necticut.

They met last fall at an exhibition
match in which Johnny was a par
ticipant and Miss Hush r.n onlooker.
Miss Hush is 20 years old. Farrell
is 30.
NEW YORK, Oct. 1. (/P)—Johnny
Farrell, dandy of the fairways and
United States open golf champion
of 1928, is to be married this fall,
friends revealed today, to Miss
Catherine Hush of Greenwich, Con
necticut.

They met last fall at an exhibition
match in which Johnny was a par
ticipant and Miss Hush r.n onlooker.
Miss Hush is 20 years old. Farrell
is 30.
NEW YORK, Oct. 1. (/P)—Johnny
Farrell, dandy of the fairways and
United States open golf champion
of 1928, is to be married this fall,
friends revealed today, to Miss
Catherine Hush of Greenwich, Con
necticut.

They met last fall at an exhibition
match in which Johnny was a par
ticipant and Miss Hush r.n onlooker.
Miss Hush is 20 years old. Farrell
is 30.
NEW YORK, Oct. 1. (/P)—Johnny
Farrell, dandy of the fairways and
United States open golf champion
of 1928, is to be married this fall,
friends revealed today, to Miss
Catherine Hush of Greenwich, Con
necticut.

They met last fall at an exhibition
match in which Johnny was a par
ticipant and Miss Hush r.n onlooker.
Miss Hush is 20 years old. Farrell
is 30.
NEW YORK, Oct. 1. (/P)—Johnny
Farrell, dandy of the fairways and
United States open golf champion
of 1928, is to be married this fall,
friends revealed today, to Miss
Catherine Hush of Greenwich, Con
necticut.

They met last fall at an exhibition
match in which Johnny was a par
ticipant and Miss Hush r.n onlooker.
Miss Hush is 20 years old. Farrell
is 30.
NEW YORK, Oct. 1. (/P)—Johnny
Farrell, dandy of the fairways and
United States open golf champion
of 1928, is to be married this fall,
friends revealed today, to Miss
Catherine Hush of Greenwich, Con
necticut.

They met last fall at an exhibition
match in which Johnny was a par
ticipant and Miss Hush r.n onlooker.
Miss Hush is 20 years old. Farrell
is 30.
NEW YORK, Oct. 1. (/P)—Johnny
Farrell, dandy of the fairways and
United States open golf champion
of 1928, is to be married this fall,
friends revealed today, to Miss
Catherine Hush of Greenwich, Con
necticut.

They met last fall at an exhibition
match in which Johnny was a par
ticipant and Miss Hush r.n onlooker.
Miss Hush is 20 years old. Farrell
is 30.
NEW YORK, Oct. 1. (/P)—Johnny
Farrell, dandy of the fairways and
United States open golf champion
of 1928, is to be married this fall,
friends revealed today, to Miss
Catherine Hush of Greenwich, Con
necticut.

They met last fall at an exhibition
match in which Johnny was a par
ticipant and Miss Hush r.n onlooker.
Miss Hush is 20 years old. Farrell
is 30.
NEW YORK, Oct. 1. (/P)—Johnny
Farrell, dandy of the fairways and
United States open golf champion
of 1928, is to be married this fall,
friends revealed today, to Miss
Catherine Hush of Greenwich, Con
necticut.

They met last fall at an exhibition
match in which Johnny was a par
ticipant and Miss Hush r.n onlooker.
Miss Hush is 20 years old. Farrell
is 30.
NEW YORK, Oct. 1. (/P)—Johnny
Farrell, dandy of the fairways and
United States open golf champion
of 1928, is to be married this fall,
friends revealed today, to Miss
Catherine Hush of Greenwich, Con
necticut.

They met last fall at an exhibition
match in which Johnny was a par
ticipant and Miss Hush r.n onlooker.
Miss Hush is 20 years old. Farrell
is 30.
NEW YORK, Oct. 1. (/P)—Johnny
Farrell, dandy of the fairways and
United States open golf champion
of 1928, is to be married this fall,
friends revealed today, to Miss
Catherine Hush of Greenwich, Con
necticut.

They met last fall at an exhibition
match in which Johnny was a par
ticipant and Miss Hush r.n onlooker.
Miss Hush is 20 years old. Farrell
is 30.
