# NO LIGHTS WHEN PRISONERS FLEE JAIL WITH FUSES
## 
### 
CANON CITY, Colo., Oct. 1.
(/P)—The lights went out at the
Colorado State Penitentiary last
night.
"Call out the guard, call out
the electricians, the lights arc
out." shouted the captain of the
guard.
"The guard is here, but the
electricians are out, they went
out with the lights and they
took the fuses with them," re
ported a subaltern.
The electricians, Ted Cole
and Ray Little, convicts, were
still out today. They pulled the
fuses from the prison wire sys
tem and went over the wall in
the darkness.
CANON CITY, Colo., Oct. 1.
(/P)—The lights went out at the
Colorado State Penitentiary last
night.
"Call out the guard, call out
the electricians, the lights arc
out." shouted the captain of the
guard.
"The guard is here, but the
electricians are out, they went
out with the lights and they
took the fuses with them," re
ported a subaltern.
The electricians, Ted Cole
and Ray Little, convicts, were
still out today. They pulled the
fuses from the prison wire sys
tem and went over the wall in
the darkness.
CANON CITY, Colo., Oct. 1.
(/P)—The lights went out at the
Colorado State Penitentiary last
night.
"Call out the guard, call out
the electricians, the lights arc
out." shouted the captain of the
guard.
"The guard is here, but the
electricians are out, they went
out with the lights and they
took the fuses with them," re
ported a subaltern.
The electricians, Ted Cole
and Ray Little, convicts, were
still out today. They pulled the
fuses from the prison wire sys
tem and went over the wall in
the darkness.
CANON CITY, Colo., Oct. 1.
(/P)—The lights went out at the
Colorado State Penitentiary last
night.
"Call out the guard, call out
the electricians, the lights arc
out." shouted the captain of the
guard.
"The guard is here, but the
electricians are out, they went
out with the lights and they
took the fuses with them," re
ported a subaltern.
The electricians, Ted Cole
and Ray Little, convicts, were
still out today. They pulled the
fuses from the prison wire sys
tem and went over the wall in
the darkness.
CANON CITY, Colo., Oct. 1.
(/P)—The lights went out at the
Colorado State Penitentiary last
night.
"Call out the guard, call out
the electricians, the lights arc
out." shouted the captain of the
guard.
"The guard is here, but the
electricians are out, they went
out with the lights and they
took the fuses with them," re
ported a subaltern.
The electricians, Ted Cole
and Ray Little, convicts, were
still out today. They pulled the
fuses from the prison wire sys
tem and went over the wall in
the darkness.
CANON CITY, Colo., Oct. 1.
(/P)—The lights went out at the
Colorado State Penitentiary last
night.
"Call out the guard, call out
the electricians, the lights arc
out." shouted the captain of the
guard.
"The guard is here, but the
electricians are out, they went
out with the lights and they
took the fuses with them," re
ported a subaltern.
The electricians, Ted Cole
and Ray Little, convicts, were
still out today. They pulled the
fuses from the prison wire sys
tem and went over the wall in
the darkness.
CANON CITY, Colo., Oct. 1.
(/P)—The lights went out at the
Colorado State Penitentiary last
night.
"Call out the guard, call out
the electricians, the lights arc
out." shouted the captain of the
guard.
"The guard is here, but the
electricians are out, they went
out with the lights and they
took the fuses with them," re
ported a subaltern.
The electricians, Ted Cole
and Ray Little, convicts, were
still out today. They pulled the
fuses from the prison wire sys
tem and went over the wall in
the darkness.
CANON CITY, Colo., Oct. 1.
(/P)—The lights went out at the
Colorado State Penitentiary last
night.
"Call out the guard, call out
the electricians, the lights arc
out." shouted the captain of the
guard.
"The guard is here, but the
electricians are out, they went
out with the lights and they
took the fuses with them," re
ported a subaltern.
The electricians, Ted Cole
and Ray Little, convicts, were
still out today. They pulled the
fuses from the prison wire sys
tem and went over the wall in
the darkness.
CANON CITY, Colo., Oct. 1.
(/P)—The lights went out at the
Colorado State Penitentiary last
night.
"Call out the guard, call out
the electricians, the lights arc
out." shouted the captain of the
guard.
"The guard is here, but the
electricians are out, they went
out with the lights and they
took the fuses with them," re
ported a subaltern.
The electricians, Ted Cole
and Ray Little, convicts, were
still out today. They pulled the
fuses from the prison wire sys
tem and went over the wall in
the darkness.
CANON CITY, Colo., Oct. 1.
(/P)—The lights went out at the
Colorado State Penitentiary last
night.
"Call out the guard, call out
the electricians, the lights arc
out." shouted the captain of the
guard.
"The guard is here, but the
electricians are out, they went
out with the lights and they
took the fuses with them," re
ported a subaltern.
The electricians, Ted Cole
and Ray Little, convicts, were
still out today. They pulled the
fuses from the prison wire sys
tem and went over the wall in
the darkness.
CANON CITY, Colo., Oct. 1.
(/P)—The lights went out at the
Colorado State Penitentiary last
night.
"Call out the guard, call out
the electricians, the lights arc
out." shouted the captain of the
guard.
"The guard is here, but the
electricians are out, they went
out with the lights and they
took the fuses with them," re
ported a subaltern.
The electricians, Ted Cole
and Ray Little, convicts, were
still out today. They pulled the
fuses from the prison wire sys
tem and went over the wall in
the darkness.
CANON CITY, Colo., Oct. 1.
(/P)—The lights went out at the
Colorado State Penitentiary last
night.
"Call out the guard, call out
the electricians, the lights arc
out." shouted the captain of the
guard.
"The guard is here, but the
electricians are out, they went
out with the lights and they
took the fuses with them," re
ported a subaltern.
The electricians, Ted Cole
and Ray Little, convicts, were
still out today. They pulled the
fuses from the prison wire sys
tem and went over the wall in
the darkness.
CANON CITY, Colo., Oct. 1.
(/P)—The lights went out at the
Colorado State Penitentiary last
night.
"Call out the guard, call out
the electricians, the lights arc
out." shouted the captain of the
guard.
"The guard is here, but the
electricians are out, they went
out with the lights and they
took the fuses with them," re
ported a subaltern.
The electricians, Ted Cole
and Ray Little, convicts, were
still out today. They pulled the
fuses from the prison wire sys
tem and went over the wall in
the darkness.
CANON CITY, Colo., Oct. 1.
(/P)—The lights went out at the
Colorado State Penitentiary last
night.
"Call out the guard, call out
the electricians, the lights arc
out." shouted the captain of the
guard.
"The guard is here, but the
electricians are out, they went
out with the lights and they
took the fuses with them," re
ported a subaltern.
The electricians, Ted Cole
and Ray Little, convicts, were
still out today. They pulled the
fuses from the prison wire sys
tem and went over the wall in
the darkness.
CANON CITY, Colo., Oct. 1.
(/P)—The lights went out at the
Colorado State Penitentiary last
night.
"Call out the guard, call out
the electricians, the lights arc
out." shouted the captain of the
guard.
"The guard is here, but the
electricians are out, they went
out with the lights and they
took the fuses with them," re
ported a subaltern.
The electricians, Ted Cole
and Ray Little, convicts, were
still out today. They pulled the
fuses from the prison wire sys
tem and went over the wall in
the darkness.
