# Lecture Topic: Riot Commission
## 
### 
A high-ranking member of the
Riot Commission, Victor H. Pal
mieri, will speak today at 4:15
in the Tresidder large lounge on
"After the Riot Commission â€”
What?" The talk is this year's
William Haas Memorial Lecture,
and the speech will include a
panel discussion.
Panelists will be Dr. Robert M.
Rosenzweig, Associate Provost;
Professor Michael S. Wald,
Schooll of Law; and John A.
Powell, member of the Black
Student Union.
Palmieri was appointed deputy
executive director of the com
mission by the President. For
merly he was president of the
Janss Investment Corp.
Born in Chicago, Palmieri
graduated from Stanford Law
School in 1954. He practiced law
in Los Angeles with O'Melveny
and Myers. In 1959 he joined the
Janss Corp.
He has been active in such
groups as the Governor's Ad
visory Commission on Housing,
the Coordinating Council on Ur
ban Policy, and the Advisory
Commission on Metropolitan
Area Problems. He was also a
member of the board of trus
tees of the California State Col
leges.
