# Adv. 19 Page 4
## 
### 
J
TONIGHT
"THE GOOSE
HANGS HIGH"
(A Paramount Production)
A RARIN' ROMEO
Grand Canyon of Arizona
in color
e ATTEND
the matinees
and avoid
crowds
J
TONIGHT
"THE GOOSE
HANGS HIGH"
(A Paramount Production)
A RARIN' ROMEO
Grand Canyon of Arizona
in color
e ATTEND
the matinees
and avoid
crowds
J
TONIGHT
"THE GOOSE
HANGS HIGH"
(A Paramount Production)
A RARIN' ROMEO
Grand Canyon of Arizona
in color
e ATTEND
the matinees
and avoid
crowds
J
TONIGHT
"THE GOOSE
HANGS HIGH"
(A Paramount Production)
A RARIN' ROMEO
Grand Canyon of Arizona
in color
e ATTEND
the matinees
and avoid
crowds
J
TONIGHT
"THE GOOSE
HANGS HIGH"
(A Paramount Production)
A RARIN' ROMEO
Grand Canyon of Arizona
in color
e ATTEND
the matinees
and avoid
crowds
J
TONIGHT
"THE GOOSE
HANGS HIGH"
(A Paramount Production)
A RARIN' ROMEO
Grand Canyon of Arizona
in color
e ATTEND
the matinees
and avoid
crowds
J
TONIGHT
"THE GOOSE
HANGS HIGH"
(A Paramount Production)
A RARIN' ROMEO
Grand Canyon of Arizona
in color
e ATTEND
the matinees
and avoid
crowds
J
TONIGHT
"THE GOOSE
HANGS HIGH"
(A Paramount Production)
A RARIN' ROMEO
Grand Canyon of Arizona
in color
e ATTEND
the matinees
and avoid
crowds
J
TONIGHT
"THE GOOSE
HANGS HIGH"
(A Paramount Production)
A RARIN' ROMEO
Grand Canyon of Arizona
in color
e ATTEND
the matinees
and avoid
crowds
J
TONIGHT
"THE GOOSE
HANGS HIGH"
(A Paramount Production)
A RARIN' ROMEO
Grand Canyon of Arizona
in color
e ATTEND
the matinees
and avoid
crowds
J
TONIGHT
"THE GOOSE
HANGS HIGH"
(A Paramount Production)
A RARIN' ROMEO
Grand Canyon of Arizona
in color
e ATTEND
the matinees
and avoid
crowds
J
TONIGHT
"THE GOOSE
HANGS HIGH"
(A Paramount Production)
A RARIN' ROMEO
Grand Canyon of Arizona
in color
e ATTEND
the matinees
and avoid
crowds
J
TONIGHT
"THE GOOSE
HANGS HIGH"
(A Paramount Production)
A RARIN' ROMEO
Grand Canyon of Arizona
in color
e ATTEND
the matinees
and avoid
crowds
J
TONIGHT
"THE GOOSE
HANGS HIGH"
(A Paramount Production)
A RARIN' ROMEO
Grand Canyon of Arizona
in color
e ATTEND
the matinees
and avoid
crowds
J
TONIGHT
"THE GOOSE
HANGS HIGH"
(A Paramount Production)
A RARIN' ROMEO
Grand Canyon of Arizona
in color
e ATTEND
the matinees
and avoid
crowds
