# NEW ART MATERIAL IS INVENTED BY LEMOS
## 
### 
Reliefo. a new art material producing
both relief and color at the same opera
tion, lias been invented by Pedro j. Le
nios. director of the Stanford Museum
of Fine Arts. The American Crayon
Company of Sandusky, Ohio, will manu
facture the new product in large quan
tities.
Lemos developed the material from
an old Venetian artist's recipe found
written on the end leaf of an early
Italian treatise on art. Modern sub
stitutes have been found for the old in
gredients. and the formula was changed
to meet the needs of modern materials.
The Stanford artist was in the East
last summer and attracted the attention
o.f the American Crayon Company with
his specimens. Thorough tests and ap
plications of Reliefo have led officials
of that company to predict that Lemos'
material will be the most popular decor
ative material placed on the market for
many years.
ft may be used for decorating all kinds
of art objects.
