# PROFESSOR SMITH IS HONORED AT MEETING
## 
### 
Everett W. Smith, head of the Stan
ford journalism classes, has been cho
sen president of the American Associ
ation of Teachers of Journalism, for
the coming year and he was also made
president of the American Associa
tion of College News Bureaus, at con
ventions of these two organizations,
which were held from December 28 to
December 31 at Madison, Wisconsin.
Professor Smith also led the round
table discussions on "Copy Reading"
at the news bureau convention. He
is expected to return to the campus
late today.
The next convention will be held at
the Joseph Medill School of Journal
ism. at Northwestern University, Chi
cago.
Bristow Adams, Stanford 'Ofi. was
president of the American Association
of College News Bureaus last year.
