# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Gerry tylartin, '50, to
Gordon Levy, '49.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Gerry tylartin, '50, to
Gordon Levy, '49.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Gerry tylartin, '50, to
Gordon Levy, '49.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Gerry tylartin, '50, to
Gordon Levy, '49.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Gerry tylartin, '50, to
Gordon Levy, '49.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Gerry tylartin, '50, to
Gordon Levy, '49.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Gerry tylartin, '50, to
Gordon Levy, '49.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Gerry tylartin, '50, to
Gordon Levy, '49.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Gerry tylartin, '50, to
Gordon Levy, '49.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Gerry tylartin, '50, to
Gordon Levy, '49.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Gerry tylartin, '50, to
Gordon Levy, '49.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Gerry tylartin, '50, to
Gordon Levy, '49.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Gerry tylartin, '50, to
Gordon Levy, '49.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Gerry tylartin, '50, to
Gordon Levy, '49.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Gerry tylartin, '50, to
Gordon Levy, '49.
Casa Ventura announces the en
gagement of Gerry tylartin, '50, to
Gordon Levy, '49.
