# FAIRMONT HOTEL
## 
### 
San Francisco's Fairmont Hotel is
now seeking campus representatives.
Students interested in such a posi
tion are to contact Connie Hardy or
John Weidler in The Daily business
office today.
San Francisco's Fairmont Hotel is
now seeking campus representatives.
Students interested in such a posi
tion are to contact Connie Hardy or
John Weidler in The Daily business
office today.
San Francisco's Fairmont Hotel is
now seeking campus representatives.
Students interested in such a posi
tion are to contact Connie Hardy or
John Weidler in The Daily business
office today.
San Francisco's Fairmont Hotel is
now seeking campus representatives.
Students interested in such a posi
tion are to contact Connie Hardy or
John Weidler in The Daily business
office today.
San Francisco's Fairmont Hotel is
now seeking campus representatives.
Students interested in such a posi
tion are to contact Connie Hardy or
John Weidler in The Daily business
office today.
San Francisco's Fairmont Hotel is
now seeking campus representatives.
Students interested in such a posi
tion are to contact Connie Hardy or
John Weidler in The Daily business
office today.
San Francisco's Fairmont Hotel is
now seeking campus representatives.
Students interested in such a posi
tion are to contact Connie Hardy or
John Weidler in The Daily business
office today.
San Francisco's Fairmont Hotel is
now seeking campus representatives.
Students interested in such a posi
tion are to contact Connie Hardy or
John Weidler in The Daily business
office today.
San Francisco's Fairmont Hotel is
now seeking campus representatives.
Students interested in such a posi
tion are to contact Connie Hardy or
John Weidler in The Daily business
office today.
San Francisco's Fairmont Hotel is
now seeking campus representatives.
Students interested in such a posi
tion are to contact Connie Hardy or
John Weidler in The Daily business
office today.
San Francisco's Fairmont Hotel is
now seeking campus representatives.
Students interested in such a posi
tion are to contact Connie Hardy or
John Weidler in The Daily business
office today.
San Francisco's Fairmont Hotel is
now seeking campus representatives.
Students interested in such a posi
tion are to contact Connie Hardy or
John Weidler in The Daily business
office today.
San Francisco's Fairmont Hotel is
now seeking campus representatives.
Students interested in such a posi
tion are to contact Connie Hardy or
John Weidler in The Daily business
office today.
San Francisco's Fairmont Hotel is
now seeking campus representatives.
Students interested in such a posi
tion are to contact Connie Hardy or
John Weidler in The Daily business
office today.
San Francisco's Fairmont Hotel is
now seeking campus representatives.
Students interested in such a posi
tion are to contact Connie Hardy or
John Weidler in The Daily business
office today.
San Francisco's Fairmont Hotel is
now seeking campus representatives.
Students interested in such a posi
tion are to contact Connie Hardy or
John Weidler in The Daily business
office today.
