# Tennis Club Calls For New Players
## 
### 
Tryouts for the Tennis Club will
be held Thursday and next Tuesday
at 1 p.m. on the women's tennis
courts. Women who are interested
but unable to come may make a
special appointment with Miss Luell
Weed, Tennis Club adviser, at the
Women's Gym.
All Stanford students are invited
to sign up immediately for the all-
University tennis tournament which
will start on the weekend of Octo
ber 15. Women's singles are planned.
Both women's doubles and mixed
doubles will be held if enough peo
ple show interest.
Signups can be made at the Wom
en's Gym, the Men's Gym, or by
contacting Lynne Powell or Joan
Symon at Lagunita. If possible,
mixed doubles partners will be ar
ranged for those who sign up sepa
rately.
