# This Morning's Headlines
## Streamliner Derailed 
### 
AMES, la., Oct. 3 (/!*). —THc crack
City of San Francisco streamliner
left the rails at more than 40 miles
an hour here early today and one
passenger was killed when half the
side of a passenger coach was
sheared away.
Four persons were injured se
verely and 35 others aboard the
damaged coach said it was miracu
lous they escaped with minor cuts
and bruises.
Although live cars filled with
slumbering passengers left the rails
the only major damage was to chair
ear 101. It was gashed open for 30
feet, when it plowed against a box
car on a siding.
AMES, la., Oct. 3 (/!*). —THc crack
City of San Francisco streamliner
left the rails at more than 40 miles
an hour here early today and one
passenger was killed when half the
side of a passenger coach was
sheared away.
Four persons were injured se
verely and 35 others aboard the
damaged coach said it was miracu
lous they escaped with minor cuts
and bruises.
Although live cars filled with
slumbering passengers left the rails
the only major damage was to chair
ear 101. It was gashed open for 30
feet, when it plowed against a box
car on a siding.
AMES, la., Oct. 3 (/!*). —THc crack
City of San Francisco streamliner
left the rails at more than 40 miles
an hour here early today and one
passenger was killed when half the
side of a passenger coach was
sheared away.
Four persons were injured se
verely and 35 others aboard the
damaged coach said it was miracu
lous they escaped with minor cuts
and bruises.
Although live cars filled with
slumbering passengers left the rails
the only major damage was to chair
ear 101. It was gashed open for 30
feet, when it plowed against a box
car on a siding.
AMES, la., Oct. 3 (/!*). —THc crack
City of San Francisco streamliner
left the rails at more than 40 miles
an hour here early today and one
passenger was killed when half the
side of a passenger coach was
sheared away.
Four persons were injured se
verely and 35 others aboard the
damaged coach said it was miracu
lous they escaped with minor cuts
and bruises.
Although live cars filled with
slumbering passengers left the rails
the only major damage was to chair
ear 101. It was gashed open for 30
feet, when it plowed against a box
car on a siding.
AMES, la., Oct. 3 (/!*). —THc crack
City of San Francisco streamliner
left the rails at more than 40 miles
an hour here early today and one
passenger was killed when half the
side of a passenger coach was
sheared away.
Four persons were injured se
verely and 35 others aboard the
damaged coach said it was miracu
lous they escaped with minor cuts
and bruises.
Although live cars filled with
slumbering passengers left the rails
the only major damage was to chair
ear 101. It was gashed open for 30
feet, when it plowed against a box
car on a siding.
AMES, la., Oct. 3 (/!*). —THc crack
City of San Francisco streamliner
left the rails at more than 40 miles
an hour here early today and one
passenger was killed when half the
side of a passenger coach was
sheared away.
Four persons were injured se
verely and 35 others aboard the
damaged coach said it was miracu
lous they escaped with minor cuts
and bruises.
Although live cars filled with
slumbering passengers left the rails
the only major damage was to chair
ear 101. It was gashed open for 30
feet, when it plowed against a box
car on a siding.
AMES, la., Oct. 3 (/!*). —THc crack
City of San Francisco streamliner
left the rails at more than 40 miles
an hour here early today and one
passenger was killed when half the
side of a passenger coach was
sheared away.
Four persons were injured se
verely and 35 others aboard the
damaged coach said it was miracu
lous they escaped with minor cuts
and bruises.
Although live cars filled with
slumbering passengers left the rails
the only major damage was to chair
ear 101. It was gashed open for 30
feet, when it plowed against a box
car on a siding.
AMES, la., Oct. 3 (/!*). —THc crack
City of San Francisco streamliner
left the rails at more than 40 miles
an hour here early today and one
passenger was killed when half the
side of a passenger coach was
sheared away.
Four persons were injured se
verely and 35 others aboard the
damaged coach said it was miracu
lous they escaped with minor cuts
and bruises.
Although live cars filled with
slumbering passengers left the rails
the only major damage was to chair
ear 101. It was gashed open for 30
feet, when it plowed against a box
car on a siding.
AMES, la., Oct. 3 (/!*). —THc crack
City of San Francisco streamliner
left the rails at more than 40 miles
an hour here early today and one
passenger was killed when half the
side of a passenger coach was
sheared away.
Four persons were injured se
verely and 35 others aboard the
damaged coach said it was miracu
lous they escaped with minor cuts
and bruises.
Although live cars filled with
slumbering passengers left the rails
the only major damage was to chair
ear 101. It was gashed open for 30
feet, when it plowed against a box
car on a siding.
AMES, la., Oct. 3 (/!*). —THc crack
City of San Francisco streamliner
left the rails at more than 40 miles
an hour here early today and one
passenger was killed when half the
side of a passenger coach was
sheared away.
Four persons were injured se
verely and 35 others aboard the
damaged coach said it was miracu
lous they escaped with minor cuts
and bruises.
Although live cars filled with
slumbering passengers left the rails
the only major damage was to chair
ear 101. It was gashed open for 30
feet, when it plowed against a box
car on a siding.
AMES, la., Oct. 3 (/!*). —THc crack
City of San Francisco streamliner
left the rails at more than 40 miles
an hour here early today and one
passenger was killed when half the
side of a passenger coach was
sheared away.
Four persons were injured se
verely and 35 others aboard the
damaged coach said it was miracu
lous they escaped with minor cuts
and bruises.
Although live cars filled with
slumbering passengers left the rails
the only major damage was to chair
ear 101. It was gashed open for 30
feet, when it plowed against a box
car on a siding.
AMES, la., Oct. 3 (/!*). —THc crack
City of San Francisco streamliner
left the rails at more than 40 miles
an hour here early today and one
passenger was killed when half the
side of a passenger coach was
sheared away.
Four persons were injured se
verely and 35 others aboard the
damaged coach said it was miracu
lous they escaped with minor cuts
and bruises.
Although live cars filled with
slumbering passengers left the rails
the only major damage was to chair
ear 101. It was gashed open for 30
feet, when it plowed against a box
car on a siding.
AMES, la., Oct. 3 (/!*). —THc crack
City of San Francisco streamliner
left the rails at more than 40 miles
an hour here early today and one
passenger was killed when half the
side of a passenger coach was
sheared away.
Four persons were injured se
verely and 35 others aboard the
damaged coach said it was miracu
lous they escaped with minor cuts
and bruises.
Although live cars filled with
slumbering passengers left the rails
the only major damage was to chair
ear 101. It was gashed open for 30
feet, when it plowed against a box
car on a siding.
AMES, la., Oct. 3 (/!*). —THc crack
City of San Francisco streamliner
left the rails at more than 40 miles
an hour here early today and one
passenger was killed when half the
side of a passenger coach was
sheared away.
Four persons were injured se
verely and 35 others aboard the
damaged coach said it was miracu
lous they escaped with minor cuts
and bruises.
Although live cars filled with
slumbering passengers left the rails
the only major damage was to chair
ear 101. It was gashed open for 30
feet, when it plowed against a box
car on a siding.
AMES, la., Oct. 3 (/!*). —THc crack
City of San Francisco streamliner
left the rails at more than 40 miles
an hour here early today and one
passenger was killed when half the
side of a passenger coach was
sheared away.
Four persons were injured se
verely and 35 others aboard the
damaged coach said it was miracu
lous they escaped with minor cuts
and bruises.
Although live cars filled with
slumbering passengers left the rails
the only major damage was to chair
ear 101. It was gashed open for 30
feet, when it plowed against a box
car on a siding.
AMES, la., Oct. 3 (/!*). —THc crack
City of San Francisco streamliner
left the rails at more than 40 miles
an hour here early today and one
passenger was killed when half the
side of a passenger coach was
sheared away.
Four persons were injured se
verely and 35 others aboard the
damaged coach said it was miracu
lous they escaped with minor cuts
and bruises.
Although live cars filled with
slumbering passengers left the rails
the only major damage was to chair
ear 101. It was gashed open for 30
feet, when it plowed against a box
car on a siding.
