# Experts to Discuss Mental Health
## 
### 
Reside nts of San Mateo County
will have an opportunity to hear an
authoritative discussion of the men
tal health situation in this area on
Octoljer 13 in the Hurlingame Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Under the general heading "A

Program for Tomorrow" a group of
eight experts drawn from the ex
ecutive board of the society will
present a survey dealing with all
aspects of mental health in San Ma
teo County.
Reside nts of San Mateo County
will have an opportunity to hear an
authoritative discussion of the men
tal health situation in this area on
Octoljer 13 in the Hurlingame Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Under the general heading "A

Program for Tomorrow" a group of
eight experts drawn from the ex
ecutive board of the society will
present a survey dealing with all
aspects of mental health in San Ma
teo County.
Reside nts of San Mateo County
will have an opportunity to hear an
authoritative discussion of the men
tal health situation in this area on
Octoljer 13 in the Hurlingame Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Under the general heading "A

Program for Tomorrow" a group of
eight experts drawn from the ex
ecutive board of the society will
present a survey dealing with all
aspects of mental health in San Ma
teo County.
Reside nts of San Mateo County
will have an opportunity to hear an
authoritative discussion of the men
tal health situation in this area on
Octoljer 13 in the Hurlingame Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Under the general heading "A

Program for Tomorrow" a group of
eight experts drawn from the ex
ecutive board of the society will
present a survey dealing with all
aspects of mental health in San Ma
teo County.
Reside nts of San Mateo County
will have an opportunity to hear an
authoritative discussion of the men
tal health situation in this area on
Octoljer 13 in the Hurlingame Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Under the general heading "A

Program for Tomorrow" a group of
eight experts drawn from the ex
ecutive board of the society will
present a survey dealing with all
aspects of mental health in San Ma
teo County.
Reside nts of San Mateo County
will have an opportunity to hear an
authoritative discussion of the men
tal health situation in this area on
Octoljer 13 in the Hurlingame Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Under the general heading "A

Program for Tomorrow" a group of
eight experts drawn from the ex
ecutive board of the society will
present a survey dealing with all
aspects of mental health in San Ma
teo County.
Reside nts of San Mateo County
will have an opportunity to hear an
authoritative discussion of the men
tal health situation in this area on
Octoljer 13 in the Hurlingame Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Under the general heading "A

Program for Tomorrow" a group of
eight experts drawn from the ex
ecutive board of the society will
present a survey dealing with all
aspects of mental health in San Ma
teo County.
Reside nts of San Mateo County
will have an opportunity to hear an
authoritative discussion of the men
tal health situation in this area on
Octoljer 13 in the Hurlingame Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Under the general heading "A

Program for Tomorrow" a group of
eight experts drawn from the ex
ecutive board of the society will
present a survey dealing with all
aspects of mental health in San Ma
teo County.
Reside nts of San Mateo County
will have an opportunity to hear an
authoritative discussion of the men
tal health situation in this area on
Octoljer 13 in the Hurlingame Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Under the general heading "A

Program for Tomorrow" a group of
eight experts drawn from the ex
ecutive board of the society will
present a survey dealing with all
aspects of mental health in San Ma
teo County.
Reside nts of San Mateo County
will have an opportunity to hear an
authoritative discussion of the men
tal health situation in this area on
Octoljer 13 in the Hurlingame Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Under the general heading "A

Program for Tomorrow" a group of
eight experts drawn from the ex
ecutive board of the society will
present a survey dealing with all
aspects of mental health in San Ma
teo County.
Reside nts of San Mateo County
will have an opportunity to hear an
authoritative discussion of the men
tal health situation in this area on
Octoljer 13 in the Hurlingame Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Under the general heading "A

Program for Tomorrow" a group of
eight experts drawn from the ex
ecutive board of the society will
present a survey dealing with all
aspects of mental health in San Ma
teo County.
Reside nts of San Mateo County
will have an opportunity to hear an
authoritative discussion of the men
tal health situation in this area on
Octoljer 13 in the Hurlingame Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Under the general heading "A

Program for Tomorrow" a group of
eight experts drawn from the ex
ecutive board of the society will
present a survey dealing with all
aspects of mental health in San Ma
teo County.
Reside nts of San Mateo County
will have an opportunity to hear an
authoritative discussion of the men
tal health situation in this area on
Octoljer 13 in the Hurlingame Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Under the general heading "A

Program for Tomorrow" a group of
eight experts drawn from the ex
ecutive board of the society will
present a survey dealing with all
aspects of mental health in San Ma
teo County.
Reside nts of San Mateo County
will have an opportunity to hear an
authoritative discussion of the men
tal health situation in this area on
Octoljer 13 in the Hurlingame Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Under the general heading "A

Program for Tomorrow" a group of
eight experts drawn from the ex
ecutive board of the society will
present a survey dealing with all
aspects of mental health in San Ma
teo County.
Reside nts of San Mateo County
will have an opportunity to hear an
authoritative discussion of the men
tal health situation in this area on
Octoljer 13 in the Hurlingame Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Under the general heading "A

Program for Tomorrow" a group of
eight experts drawn from the ex
ecutive board of the society will
present a survey dealing with all
aspects of mental health in San Ma
teo County.
Reside nts of San Mateo County
will have an opportunity to hear an
authoritative discussion of the men
tal health situation in this area on
Octoljer 13 in the Hurlingame Wom
en's Clubhouse.
Under the general heading "A

Program for Tomorrow" a group of
eight experts drawn from the ex
ecutive board of the society will
present a survey dealing with all
aspects of mental health in San Ma
teo County.
