# It's Time to Pay Room, Board Bill
## 
### 
All bills for room and board fall
quarter must be paid by noon this
Saturday to avoid fine, Controller
Duncan I. Mcß'adilen announced
yesterday. The University cashier
in Encina Hall will be on duty from
8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. during the
week and from 8:30 to noon on Sat
urday.
The cashiers office at the Village
will be open from 9:30 a.m. to 12:30
p.m. and from 1:30 to 3:30 p.m.
through Friday and from 9:30 to 11
a.m. Saturday for payment of Vil
lage bills.
All bills for room and board fall
quarter must be paid by noon this
Saturday to avoid fine, Controller
Duncan I. Mcß'adilen announced
yesterday. The University cashier
in Encina Hall will be on duty from
8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. during the
week and from 8:30 to noon on Sat
urday.
The cashiers office at the Village
will be open from 9:30 a.m. to 12:30
p.m. and from 1:30 to 3:30 p.m.
through Friday and from 9:30 to 11
a.m. Saturday for payment of Vil
lage bills.
All bills for room and board fall
quarter must be paid by noon this
Saturday to avoid fine, Controller
Duncan I. Mcß'adilen announced
yesterday. The University cashier
in Encina Hall will be on duty from
8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. during the
week and from 8:30 to noon on Sat
urday.
The cashiers office at the Village
will be open from 9:30 a.m. to 12:30
p.m. and from 1:30 to 3:30 p.m.
through Friday and from 9:30 to 11
a.m. Saturday for payment of Vil
lage bills.
All bills for room and board fall
quarter must be paid by noon this
Saturday to avoid fine, Controller
Duncan I. Mcß'adilen announced
yesterday. The University cashier
in Encina Hall will be on duty from
8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. during the
week and from 8:30 to noon on Sat
urday.
The cashiers office at the Village
will be open from 9:30 a.m. to 12:30
p.m. and from 1:30 to 3:30 p.m.
through Friday and from 9:30 to 11
a.m. Saturday for payment of Vil
lage bills.
All bills for room and board fall
quarter must be paid by noon this
Saturday to avoid fine, Controller
Duncan I. Mcß'adilen announced
yesterday. The University cashier
in Encina Hall will be on duty from
8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. during the
week and from 8:30 to noon on Sat
urday.
The cashiers office at the Village
will be open from 9:30 a.m. to 12:30
p.m. and from 1:30 to 3:30 p.m.
through Friday and from 9:30 to 11
a.m. Saturday for payment of Vil
lage bills.
All bills for room and board fall
quarter must be paid by noon this
Saturday to avoid fine, Controller
Duncan I. Mcß'adilen announced
yesterday. The University cashier
in Encina Hall will be on duty from
8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. during the
week and from 8:30 to noon on Sat
urday.
The cashiers office at the Village
will be open from 9:30 a.m. to 12:30
p.m. and from 1:30 to 3:30 p.m.
through Friday and from 9:30 to 11
a.m. Saturday for payment of Vil
lage bills.
All bills for room and board fall
quarter must be paid by noon this
Saturday to avoid fine, Controller
Duncan I. Mcß'adilen announced
yesterday. The University cashier
in Encina Hall will be on duty from
8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. during the
week and from 8:30 to noon on Sat
urday.
The cashiers office at the Village
will be open from 9:30 a.m. to 12:30
p.m. and from 1:30 to 3:30 p.m.
through Friday and from 9:30 to 11
a.m. Saturday for payment of Vil
lage bills.
All bills for room and board fall
quarter must be paid by noon this
Saturday to avoid fine, Controller
Duncan I. Mcß'adilen announced
yesterday. The University cashier
in Encina Hall will be on duty from
8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. during the
week and from 8:30 to noon on Sat
urday.
The cashiers office at the Village
will be open from 9:30 a.m. to 12:30
p.m. and from 1:30 to 3:30 p.m.
through Friday and from 9:30 to 11
a.m. Saturday for payment of Vil
lage bills.
All bills for room and board fall
quarter must be paid by noon this
Saturday to avoid fine, Controller
Duncan I. Mcß'adilen announced
yesterday. The University cashier
in Encina Hall will be on duty from
8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. during the
week and from 8:30 to noon on Sat
urday.
The cashiers office at the Village
will be open from 9:30 a.m. to 12:30
p.m. and from 1:30 to 3:30 p.m.
through Friday and from 9:30 to 11
a.m. Saturday for payment of Vil
lage bills.
All bills for room and board fall
quarter must be paid by noon this
Saturday to avoid fine, Controller
Duncan I. Mcß'adilen announced
yesterday. The University cashier
in Encina Hall will be on duty from
8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. during the
week and from 8:30 to noon on Sat
urday.
The cashiers office at the Village
will be open from 9:30 a.m. to 12:30
p.m. and from 1:30 to 3:30 p.m.
through Friday and from 9:30 to 11
a.m. Saturday for payment of Vil
lage bills.
All bills for room and board fall
quarter must be paid by noon this
Saturday to avoid fine, Controller
Duncan I. Mcß'adilen announced
yesterday. The University cashier
in Encina Hall will be on duty from
8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. during the
week and from 8:30 to noon on Sat
urday.
The cashiers office at the Village
will be open from 9:30 a.m. to 12:30
p.m. and from 1:30 to 3:30 p.m.
through Friday and from 9:30 to 11
a.m. Saturday for payment of Vil
lage bills.
All bills for room and board fall
quarter must be paid by noon this
Saturday to avoid fine, Controller
Duncan I. Mcß'adilen announced
yesterday. The University cashier
in Encina Hall will be on duty from
8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. during the
week and from 8:30 to noon on Sat
urday.
The cashiers office at the Village
will be open from 9:30 a.m. to 12:30
p.m. and from 1:30 to 3:30 p.m.
through Friday and from 9:30 to 11
a.m. Saturday for payment of Vil
lage bills.
All bills for room and board fall
quarter must be paid by noon this
Saturday to avoid fine, Controller
Duncan I. Mcß'adilen announced
yesterday. The University cashier
in Encina Hall will be on duty from
8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. during the
week and from 8:30 to noon on Sat
urday.
The cashiers office at the Village
will be open from 9:30 a.m. to 12:30
p.m. and from 1:30 to 3:30 p.m.
through Friday and from 9:30 to 11
a.m. Saturday for payment of Vil
lage bills.
All bills for room and board fall
quarter must be paid by noon this
Saturday to avoid fine, Controller
Duncan I. Mcß'adilen announced
yesterday. The University cashier
in Encina Hall will be on duty from
8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. during the
week and from 8:30 to noon on Sat
urday.
The cashiers office at the Village
will be open from 9:30 a.m. to 12:30
p.m. and from 1:30 to 3:30 p.m.
through Friday and from 9:30 to 11
a.m. Saturday for payment of Vil
lage bills.
All bills for room and board fall
quarter must be paid by noon this
Saturday to avoid fine, Controller
Duncan I. Mcß'adilen announced
yesterday. The University cashier
in Encina Hall will be on duty from
8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. during the
week and from 8:30 to noon on Sat
urday.
The cashiers office at the Village
will be open from 9:30 a.m. to 12:30
p.m. and from 1:30 to 3:30 p.m.
through Friday and from 9:30 to 11
a.m. Saturday for payment of Vil
lage bills.
All bills for room and board fall
quarter must be paid by noon this
Saturday to avoid fine, Controller
Duncan I. Mcß'adilen announced
yesterday. The University cashier
in Encina Hall will be on duty from
8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. during the
week and from 8:30 to noon on Sat
urday.
The cashiers office at the Village
will be open from 9:30 a.m. to 12:30
p.m. and from 1:30 to 3:30 p.m.
through Friday and from 9:30 to 11
a.m. Saturday for payment of Vil
lage bills.
