# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Captain Nelson Van Judab, who runs his last race for the Cardinal tomor-
He is doped to Dl:-$9£ the 440. His fast fi?M*h in the relay event in
last year's meet won the. Van is a veteran ipaeK man and an able leader
of the squad.

Captain Nelson Van Judab, who runs his last race for the Cardinal tomor-
He is doped to Dl:-$9£ the 440. His fast fi?M*h in the relay event in
last year's meet won the. Van is a veteran ipaeK man and an able leader
of the squad.

Captain Nelson Van Judab, who runs his last race for the Cardinal tomor-
He is doped to Dl:-$9£ the 440. His fast fi?M*h in the relay event in
last year's meet won the. Van is a veteran ipaeK man and an able leader
of the squad.

Captain Nelson Van Judab, who runs his last race for the Cardinal tomor-
He is doped to Dl:-$9£ the 440. His fast fi?M*h in the relay event in
last year's meet won the. Van is a veteran ipaeK man and an able leader
of the squad.

Captain Nelson Van Judab, who runs his last race for the Cardinal tomor-
He is doped to Dl:-$9£ the 440. His fast fi?M*h in the relay event in
last year's meet won the. Van is a veteran ipaeK man and an able leader
of the squad.

Captain Nelson Van Judab, who runs his last race for the Cardinal tomor-
He is doped to Dl:-$9£ the 440. His fast fi?M*h in the relay event in
last year's meet won the. Van is a veteran ipaeK man and an able leader
of the squad.

Captain Nelson Van Judab, who runs his last race for the Cardinal tomor-
He is doped to Dl:-$9£ the 440. His fast fi?M*h in the relay event in
last year's meet won the. Van is a veteran ipaeK man and an able leader
of the squad.

Captain Nelson Van Judab, who runs his last race for the Cardinal tomor-
He is doped to Dl:-$9£ the 440. His fast fi?M*h in the relay event in
last year's meet won the. Van is a veteran ipaeK man and an able leader
of the squad.

Captain Nelson Van Judab, who runs his last race for the Cardinal tomor-
He is doped to Dl:-$9£ the 440. His fast fi?M*h in the relay event in
last year's meet won the. Van is a veteran ipaeK man and an able leader
of the squad.

Captain Nelson Van Judab, who runs his last race for the Cardinal tomor-
He is doped to Dl:-$9£ the 440. His fast fi?M*h in the relay event in
last year's meet won the. Van is a veteran ipaeK man and an able leader
of the squad.

Captain Nelson Van Judab, who runs his last race for the Cardinal tomor-
He is doped to Dl:-$9£ the 440. His fast fi?M*h in the relay event in
last year's meet won the. Van is a veteran ipaeK man and an able leader
of the squad.

Captain Nelson Van Judab, who runs his last race for the Cardinal tomor-
He is doped to Dl:-$9£ the 440. His fast fi?M*h in the relay event in
last year's meet won the. Van is a veteran ipaeK man and an able leader
of the squad.

Captain Nelson Van Judab, who runs his last race for the Cardinal tomor-
He is doped to Dl:-$9£ the 440. His fast fi?M*h in the relay event in
last year's meet won the. Van is a veteran ipaeK man and an able leader
of the squad.

Captain Nelson Van Judab, who runs his last race for the Cardinal tomor-
He is doped to Dl:-$9£ the 440. His fast fi?M*h in the relay event in
last year's meet won the. Van is a veteran ipaeK man and an able leader
of the squad.

Captain Nelson Van Judab, who runs his last race for the Cardinal tomor-
He is doped to Dl:-$9£ the 440. His fast fi?M*h in the relay event in
last year's meet won the. Van is a veteran ipaeK man and an able leader
of the squad.
