# LEADS BRUINS
## 
### 

Captain Bill Neufeldt, whose ability
in field events may make him high
point man tomorrow with a first and
two seconds.

Captain Bill Neufeldt, whose ability
in field events may make him high
point man tomorrow with a first and
two seconds.

Captain Bill Neufeldt, whose ability
in field events may make him high
point man tomorrow with a first and
two seconds.

Captain Bill Neufeldt, whose ability
in field events may make him high
point man tomorrow with a first and
two seconds.

Captain Bill Neufeldt, whose ability
in field events may make him high
point man tomorrow with a first and
two seconds.

Captain Bill Neufeldt, whose ability
in field events may make him high
point man tomorrow with a first and
two seconds.

Captain Bill Neufeldt, whose ability
in field events may make him high
point man tomorrow with a first and
two seconds.

Captain Bill Neufeldt, whose ability
in field events may make him high
point man tomorrow with a first and
two seconds.

Captain Bill Neufeldt, whose ability
in field events may make him high
point man tomorrow with a first and
two seconds.

Captain Bill Neufeldt, whose ability
in field events may make him high
point man tomorrow with a first and
two seconds.

Captain Bill Neufeldt, whose ability
in field events may make him high
point man tomorrow with a first and
two seconds.

Captain Bill Neufeldt, whose ability
in field events may make him high
point man tomorrow with a first and
two seconds.

Captain Bill Neufeldt, whose ability
in field events may make him high
point man tomorrow with a first and
two seconds.

Captain Bill Neufeldt, whose ability
in field events may make him high
point man tomorrow with a first and
two seconds.

Captain Bill Neufeldt, whose ability
in field events may make him high
point man tomorrow with a first and
two seconds.
