# RECORD-BREAKER
## 
### 

Ted Miller bids fair
to lower the record in
the 440 on the new
oval tomorrow. His
:imes so far this sea
son have consistently
jeen under 50 flat,
vhich is the present
•ecord.

Ted Miller bids fair
to lower the record in
the 440 on the new
oval tomorrow. His
:imes so far this sea
son have consistently
jeen under 50 flat,
vhich is the present
•ecord.

Ted Miller bids fair
to lower the record in
the 440 on the new
oval tomorrow. His
:imes so far this sea
son have consistently
jeen under 50 flat,
vhich is the present
•ecord.

Ted Miller bids fair
to lower the record in
the 440 on the new
oval tomorrow. His
:imes so far this sea
son have consistently
jeen under 50 flat,
vhich is the present
•ecord.

Ted Miller bids fair
to lower the record in
the 440 on the new
oval tomorrow. His
:imes so far this sea
son have consistently
jeen under 50 flat,
vhich is the present
•ecord.

Ted Miller bids fair
to lower the record in
the 440 on the new
oval tomorrow. His
:imes so far this sea
son have consistently
jeen under 50 flat,
vhich is the present
•ecord.

Ted Miller bids fair
to lower the record in
the 440 on the new
oval tomorrow. His
:imes so far this sea
son have consistently
jeen under 50 flat,
vhich is the present
•ecord.

Ted Miller bids fair
to lower the record in
the 440 on the new
oval tomorrow. His
:imes so far this sea
son have consistently
jeen under 50 flat,
vhich is the present
•ecord.

Ted Miller bids fair
to lower the record in
the 440 on the new
oval tomorrow. His
:imes so far this sea
son have consistently
jeen under 50 flat,
vhich is the present
•ecord.

Ted Miller bids fair
to lower the record in
the 440 on the new
oval tomorrow. His
:imes so far this sea
son have consistently
jeen under 50 flat,
vhich is the present
•ecord.

Ted Miller bids fair
to lower the record in
the 440 on the new
oval tomorrow. His
:imes so far this sea
son have consistently
jeen under 50 flat,
vhich is the present
•ecord.

Ted Miller bids fair
to lower the record in
the 440 on the new
oval tomorrow. His
:imes so far this sea
son have consistently
jeen under 50 flat,
vhich is the present
•ecord.

Ted Miller bids fair
to lower the record in
the 440 on the new
oval tomorrow. His
:imes so far this sea
son have consistently
jeen under 50 flat,
vhich is the present
•ecord.

Ted Miller bids fair
to lower the record in
the 440 on the new
oval tomorrow. His
:imes so far this sea
son have consistently
jeen under 50 flat,
vhich is the present
•ecord.

Ted Miller bids fair
to lower the record in
the 440 on the new
oval tomorrow. His
:imes so far this sea
son have consistently
jeen under 50 flat,
vhich is the present
•ecord.
