# COPYRIGHT CONGRESS OPENS
## 
### 
ROME, May 7. — (U.P.) —A Copy
right Congress, with forty nations
represented, was opened today. The
congress will consider especially
creative productions, endeavoring to
evolve a world-wide plan guarantee
ing exclusive rights to such produc
tions.

F. M. Johnston reviewed R. A. i
Daly's "Geology of St. Helena" and
William Bowie gave an account of ,
"Isosiasy" by William Howie at a ,
meeting of the Geology Journal Club |
last night.
ROME, May 7. — (U.P.) —A Copy
right Congress, with forty nations
represented, was opened today. The
congress will consider especially
creative productions, endeavoring to
evolve a world-wide plan guarantee
ing exclusive rights to such produc
tions.

F. M. Johnston reviewed R. A. i
Daly's "Geology of St. Helena" and
William Bowie gave an account of ,
"Isosiasy" by William Howie at a ,
meeting of the Geology Journal Club |
last night.
ROME, May 7. — (U.P.) —A Copy
right Congress, with forty nations
represented, was opened today. The
congress will consider especially
creative productions, endeavoring to
evolve a world-wide plan guarantee
ing exclusive rights to such produc
tions.

F. M. Johnston reviewed R. A. i
Daly's "Geology of St. Helena" and
William Bowie gave an account of ,
"Isosiasy" by William Howie at a ,
meeting of the Geology Journal Club |
last night.
ROME, May 7. — (U.P.) —A Copy
right Congress, with forty nations
represented, was opened today. The
congress will consider especially
creative productions, endeavoring to
evolve a world-wide plan guarantee
ing exclusive rights to such produc
tions.

F. M. Johnston reviewed R. A. i
Daly's "Geology of St. Helena" and
William Bowie gave an account of ,
"Isosiasy" by William Howie at a ,
meeting of the Geology Journal Club |
last night.
ROME, May 7. — (U.P.) —A Copy
right Congress, with forty nations
represented, was opened today. The
congress will consider especially
creative productions, endeavoring to
evolve a world-wide plan guarantee
ing exclusive rights to such produc
tions.

F. M. Johnston reviewed R. A. i
Daly's "Geology of St. Helena" and
William Bowie gave an account of ,
"Isosiasy" by William Howie at a ,
meeting of the Geology Journal Club |
last night.
ROME, May 7. — (U.P.) —A Copy
right Congress, with forty nations
represented, was opened today. The
congress will consider especially
creative productions, endeavoring to
evolve a world-wide plan guarantee
ing exclusive rights to such produc
tions.

F. M. Johnston reviewed R. A. i
Daly's "Geology of St. Helena" and
William Bowie gave an account of ,
"Isosiasy" by William Howie at a ,
meeting of the Geology Journal Club |
last night.
ROME, May 7. — (U.P.) —A Copy
right Congress, with forty nations
represented, was opened today. The
congress will consider especially
creative productions, endeavoring to
evolve a world-wide plan guarantee
ing exclusive rights to such produc
tions.

F. M. Johnston reviewed R. A. i
Daly's "Geology of St. Helena" and
William Bowie gave an account of ,
"Isosiasy" by William Howie at a ,
meeting of the Geology Journal Club |
last night.
ROME, May 7. — (U.P.) —A Copy
right Congress, with forty nations
represented, was opened today. The
congress will consider especially
creative productions, endeavoring to
evolve a world-wide plan guarantee
ing exclusive rights to such produc
tions.

F. M. Johnston reviewed R. A. i
Daly's "Geology of St. Helena" and
William Bowie gave an account of ,
"Isosiasy" by William Howie at a ,
meeting of the Geology Journal Club |
last night.
ROME, May 7. — (U.P.) —A Copy
right Congress, with forty nations
represented, was opened today. The
congress will consider especially
creative productions, endeavoring to
evolve a world-wide plan guarantee
ing exclusive rights to such produc
tions.

F. M. Johnston reviewed R. A. i
Daly's "Geology of St. Helena" and
William Bowie gave an account of ,
"Isosiasy" by William Howie at a ,
meeting of the Geology Journal Club |
last night.
ROME, May 7. — (U.P.) —A Copy
right Congress, with forty nations
represented, was opened today. The
congress will consider especially
creative productions, endeavoring to
evolve a world-wide plan guarantee
ing exclusive rights to such produc
tions.

F. M. Johnston reviewed R. A. i
Daly's "Geology of St. Helena" and
William Bowie gave an account of ,
"Isosiasy" by William Howie at a ,
meeting of the Geology Journal Club |
last night.
ROME, May 7. — (U.P.) —A Copy
right Congress, with forty nations
represented, was opened today. The
congress will consider especially
creative productions, endeavoring to
evolve a world-wide plan guarantee
ing exclusive rights to such produc
tions.

F. M. Johnston reviewed R. A. i
Daly's "Geology of St. Helena" and
William Bowie gave an account of ,
"Isosiasy" by William Howie at a ,
meeting of the Geology Journal Club |
last night.
ROME, May 7. — (U.P.) —A Copy
right Congress, with forty nations
represented, was opened today. The
congress will consider especially
creative productions, endeavoring to
evolve a world-wide plan guarantee
ing exclusive rights to such produc
tions.

F. M. Johnston reviewed R. A. i
Daly's "Geology of St. Helena" and
William Bowie gave an account of ,
"Isosiasy" by William Howie at a ,
meeting of the Geology Journal Club |
last night.
ROME, May 7. — (U.P.) —A Copy
right Congress, with forty nations
represented, was opened today. The
congress will consider especially
creative productions, endeavoring to
evolve a world-wide plan guarantee
ing exclusive rights to such produc
tions.

F. M. Johnston reviewed R. A. i
Daly's "Geology of St. Helena" and
William Bowie gave an account of ,
"Isosiasy" by William Howie at a ,
meeting of the Geology Journal Club |
last night.
ROME, May 7. — (U.P.) —A Copy
right Congress, with forty nations
represented, was opened today. The
congress will consider especially
creative productions, endeavoring to
evolve a world-wide plan guarantee
ing exclusive rights to such produc
tions.

F. M. Johnston reviewed R. A. i
Daly's "Geology of St. Helena" and
William Bowie gave an account of ,
"Isosiasy" by William Howie at a ,
meeting of the Geology Journal Club |
last night.
ROME, May 7. — (U.P.) —A Copy
right Congress, with forty nations
represented, was opened today. The
congress will consider especially
creative productions, endeavoring to
evolve a world-wide plan guarantee
ing exclusive rights to such produc
tions.

F. M. Johnston reviewed R. A. i
Daly's "Geology of St. Helena" and
William Bowie gave an account of ,
"Isosiasy" by William Howie at a ,
meeting of the Geology Journal Club |
last night.
ROME, May 7. — (U.P.) —A Copy
right Congress, with forty nations
represented, was opened today. The
congress will consider especially
creative productions, endeavoring to
evolve a world-wide plan guarantee
ing exclusive rights to such produc
tions.

F. M. Johnston reviewed R. A. i
Daly's "Geology of St. Helena" and
William Bowie gave an account of ,
"Isosiasy" by William Howie at a ,
meeting of the Geology Journal Club |
last night.
