# Will Show Three Rolls Of Films to R.O.T.C. Men
## 
### 
Three rolls of film belonging to
Captain F. J. Atwood will be shown
to his Ordnance students and any
R.O.T.C. students who wish to see
them tonight at 7 o'clock in Room
550. One film concerns the 3-inch
shrapnel; the second, the recoil
mechanism in a 155 millimeter How
itzer; and the third, modern percus
sion fuses. These films were shown
yesterday afternoon to Captain At
wood's Reserve Officers.
Three rolls of film belonging to
Captain F. J. Atwood will be shown
to his Ordnance students and any
R.O.T.C. students who wish to see
them tonight at 7 o'clock in Room
550. One film concerns the 3-inch
shrapnel; the second, the recoil
mechanism in a 155 millimeter How
itzer; and the third, modern percus
sion fuses. These films were shown
yesterday afternoon to Captain At
wood's Reserve Officers.
Three rolls of film belonging to
Captain F. J. Atwood will be shown
to his Ordnance students and any
R.O.T.C. students who wish to see
them tonight at 7 o'clock in Room
550. One film concerns the 3-inch
shrapnel; the second, the recoil
mechanism in a 155 millimeter How
itzer; and the third, modern percus
sion fuses. These films were shown
yesterday afternoon to Captain At
wood's Reserve Officers.
Three rolls of film belonging to
Captain F. J. Atwood will be shown
to his Ordnance students and any
R.O.T.C. students who wish to see
them tonight at 7 o'clock in Room
550. One film concerns the 3-inch
shrapnel; the second, the recoil
mechanism in a 155 millimeter How
itzer; and the third, modern percus
sion fuses. These films were shown
yesterday afternoon to Captain At
wood's Reserve Officers.
Three rolls of film belonging to
Captain F. J. Atwood will be shown
to his Ordnance students and any
R.O.T.C. students who wish to see
them tonight at 7 o'clock in Room
550. One film concerns the 3-inch
shrapnel; the second, the recoil
mechanism in a 155 millimeter How
itzer; and the third, modern percus
sion fuses. These films were shown
yesterday afternoon to Captain At
wood's Reserve Officers.
Three rolls of film belonging to
Captain F. J. Atwood will be shown
to his Ordnance students and any
R.O.T.C. students who wish to see
them tonight at 7 o'clock in Room
550. One film concerns the 3-inch
shrapnel; the second, the recoil
mechanism in a 155 millimeter How
itzer; and the third, modern percus
sion fuses. These films were shown
yesterday afternoon to Captain At
wood's Reserve Officers.
Three rolls of film belonging to
Captain F. J. Atwood will be shown
to his Ordnance students and any
R.O.T.C. students who wish to see
them tonight at 7 o'clock in Room
550. One film concerns the 3-inch
shrapnel; the second, the recoil
mechanism in a 155 millimeter How
itzer; and the third, modern percus
sion fuses. These films were shown
yesterday afternoon to Captain At
wood's Reserve Officers.
Three rolls of film belonging to
Captain F. J. Atwood will be shown
to his Ordnance students and any
R.O.T.C. students who wish to see
them tonight at 7 o'clock in Room
550. One film concerns the 3-inch
shrapnel; the second, the recoil
mechanism in a 155 millimeter How
itzer; and the third, modern percus
sion fuses. These films were shown
yesterday afternoon to Captain At
wood's Reserve Officers.
Three rolls of film belonging to
Captain F. J. Atwood will be shown
to his Ordnance students and any
R.O.T.C. students who wish to see
them tonight at 7 o'clock in Room
550. One film concerns the 3-inch
shrapnel; the second, the recoil
mechanism in a 155 millimeter How
itzer; and the third, modern percus
sion fuses. These films were shown
yesterday afternoon to Captain At
wood's Reserve Officers.
Three rolls of film belonging to
Captain F. J. Atwood will be shown
to his Ordnance students and any
R.O.T.C. students who wish to see
them tonight at 7 o'clock in Room
550. One film concerns the 3-inch
shrapnel; the second, the recoil
mechanism in a 155 millimeter How
itzer; and the third, modern percus
sion fuses. These films were shown
yesterday afternoon to Captain At
wood's Reserve Officers.
Three rolls of film belonging to
Captain F. J. Atwood will be shown
to his Ordnance students and any
R.O.T.C. students who wish to see
them tonight at 7 o'clock in Room
550. One film concerns the 3-inch
shrapnel; the second, the recoil
mechanism in a 155 millimeter How
itzer; and the third, modern percus
sion fuses. These films were shown
yesterday afternoon to Captain At
wood's Reserve Officers.
Three rolls of film belonging to
Captain F. J. Atwood will be shown
to his Ordnance students and any
R.O.T.C. students who wish to see
them tonight at 7 o'clock in Room
550. One film concerns the 3-inch
shrapnel; the second, the recoil
mechanism in a 155 millimeter How
itzer; and the third, modern percus
sion fuses. These films were shown
yesterday afternoon to Captain At
wood's Reserve Officers.
Three rolls of film belonging to
Captain F. J. Atwood will be shown
to his Ordnance students and any
R.O.T.C. students who wish to see
them tonight at 7 o'clock in Room
550. One film concerns the 3-inch
shrapnel; the second, the recoil
mechanism in a 155 millimeter How
itzer; and the third, modern percus
sion fuses. These films were shown
yesterday afternoon to Captain At
wood's Reserve Officers.
Three rolls of film belonging to
Captain F. J. Atwood will be shown
to his Ordnance students and any
R.O.T.C. students who wish to see
them tonight at 7 o'clock in Room
550. One film concerns the 3-inch
shrapnel; the second, the recoil
mechanism in a 155 millimeter How
itzer; and the third, modern percus
sion fuses. These films were shown
yesterday afternoon to Captain At
wood's Reserve Officers.
Three rolls of film belonging to
Captain F. J. Atwood will be shown
to his Ordnance students and any
R.O.T.C. students who wish to see
them tonight at 7 o'clock in Room
550. One film concerns the 3-inch
shrapnel; the second, the recoil
mechanism in a 155 millimeter How
itzer; and the third, modern percus
sion fuses. These films were shown
yesterday afternoon to Captain At
wood's Reserve Officers.
Three rolls of film belonging to
Captain F. J. Atwood will be shown
to his Ordnance students and any
R.O.T.C. students who wish to see
them tonight at 7 o'clock in Room
550. One film concerns the 3-inch
shrapnel; the second, the recoil
mechanism in a 155 millimeter How
itzer; and the third, modern percus
sion fuses. These films were shown
yesterday afternoon to Captain At
wood's Reserve Officers.
