# Betty Ford Will Review Book at German Club Meet
## 
### 
Betty Ford will give a review of
ested, as well as club members, are
zollern" at the meeting of the Ger
man Club tomorrow night at 7:30
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be a varied program of
music and games. Everyone inter
ester, as well as club members, are
invited to attend.
Betty Ford will give a review of
ested, as well as club members, are
zollern" at the meeting of the Ger
man Club tomorrow night at 7:30
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be a varied program of
music and games. Everyone inter
ester, as well as club members, are
invited to attend.
Betty Ford will give a review of
ested, as well as club members, are
zollern" at the meeting of the Ger
man Club tomorrow night at 7:30
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be a varied program of
music and games. Everyone inter
ester, as well as club members, are
invited to attend.
Betty Ford will give a review of
ested, as well as club members, are
zollern" at the meeting of the Ger
man Club tomorrow night at 7:30
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be a varied program of
music and games. Everyone inter
ester, as well as club members, are
invited to attend.
Betty Ford will give a review of
ested, as well as club members, are
zollern" at the meeting of the Ger
man Club tomorrow night at 7:30
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be a varied program of
music and games. Everyone inter
ester, as well as club members, are
invited to attend.
Betty Ford will give a review of
ested, as well as club members, are
zollern" at the meeting of the Ger
man Club tomorrow night at 7:30
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be a varied program of
music and games. Everyone inter
ester, as well as club members, are
invited to attend.
Betty Ford will give a review of
ested, as well as club members, are
zollern" at the meeting of the Ger
man Club tomorrow night at 7:30
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be a varied program of
music and games. Everyone inter
ester, as well as club members, are
invited to attend.
Betty Ford will give a review of
ested, as well as club members, are
zollern" at the meeting of the Ger
man Club tomorrow night at 7:30
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be a varied program of
music and games. Everyone inter
ester, as well as club members, are
invited to attend.
Betty Ford will give a review of
ested, as well as club members, are
zollern" at the meeting of the Ger
man Club tomorrow night at 7:30
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be a varied program of
music and games. Everyone inter
ester, as well as club members, are
invited to attend.
Betty Ford will give a review of
ested, as well as club members, are
zollern" at the meeting of the Ger
man Club tomorrow night at 7:30
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be a varied program of
music and games. Everyone inter
ester, as well as club members, are
invited to attend.
Betty Ford will give a review of
ested, as well as club members, are
zollern" at the meeting of the Ger
man Club tomorrow night at 7:30
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be a varied program of
music and games. Everyone inter
ester, as well as club members, are
invited to attend.
Betty Ford will give a review of
ested, as well as club members, are
zollern" at the meeting of the Ger
man Club tomorrow night at 7:30
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be a varied program of
music and games. Everyone inter
ester, as well as club members, are
invited to attend.
Betty Ford will give a review of
ested, as well as club members, are
zollern" at the meeting of the Ger
man Club tomorrow night at 7:30
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be a varied program of
music and games. Everyone inter
ester, as well as club members, are
invited to attend.
Betty Ford will give a review of
ested, as well as club members, are
zollern" at the meeting of the Ger
man Club tomorrow night at 7:30
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be a varied program of
music and games. Everyone inter
ester, as well as club members, are
invited to attend.
Betty Ford will give a review of
ested, as well as club members, are
zollern" at the meeting of the Ger
man Club tomorrow night at 7:30
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be a varied program of
music and games. Everyone inter
ester, as well as club members, are
invited to attend.
Betty Ford will give a review of
ested, as well as club members, are
zollern" at the meeting of the Ger
man Club tomorrow night at 7:30
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be a varied program of
music and games. Everyone inter
ester, as well as club members, are
invited to attend.
