# PI LAMBDA THETA TO HOLD MEETING TODAY
## 
### 
Plans will be made for a reception
to be given Wednesday evening, July
11, by Pi Lambda Theta, Women's Na
tional Honorary Educational Frater
nity, at its first meeting of the Sum
mer Quarter, to be held Monday, July
2, at. 5:15 o'clock at the Women's
Clubhouse. All members are urged to
attend and an invitation is extended
to all visiting Pi Lambda Thetas.
Plans will be made for a reception
to be given Wednesday evening, July
11, by Pi Lambda Theta, Women's Na
tional Honorary Educational Frater
nity, at its first meeting of the Sum
mer Quarter, to be held Monday, July
2, at. 5:15 o'clock at the Women's
Clubhouse. All members are urged to
attend and an invitation is extended
to all visiting Pi Lambda Thetas.
Plans will be made for a reception
to be given Wednesday evening, July
11, by Pi Lambda Theta, Women's Na
tional Honorary Educational Frater
nity, at its first meeting of the Sum
mer Quarter, to be held Monday, July
2, at. 5:15 o'clock at the Women's
Clubhouse. All members are urged to
attend and an invitation is extended
to all visiting Pi Lambda Thetas.
Plans will be made for a reception
to be given Wednesday evening, July
11, by Pi Lambda Theta, Women's Na
tional Honorary Educational Frater
nity, at its first meeting of the Sum
mer Quarter, to be held Monday, July
2, at. 5:15 o'clock at the Women's
Clubhouse. All members are urged to
attend and an invitation is extended
to all visiting Pi Lambda Thetas.
Plans will be made for a reception
to be given Wednesday evening, July
11, by Pi Lambda Theta, Women's Na
tional Honorary Educational Frater
nity, at its first meeting of the Sum
mer Quarter, to be held Monday, July
2, at. 5:15 o'clock at the Women's
Clubhouse. All members are urged to
attend and an invitation is extended
to all visiting Pi Lambda Thetas.
Plans will be made for a reception
to be given Wednesday evening, July
11, by Pi Lambda Theta, Women's Na
tional Honorary Educational Frater
nity, at its first meeting of the Sum
mer Quarter, to be held Monday, July
2, at. 5:15 o'clock at the Women's
Clubhouse. All members are urged to
attend and an invitation is extended
to all visiting Pi Lambda Thetas.
Plans will be made for a reception
to be given Wednesday evening, July
11, by Pi Lambda Theta, Women's Na
tional Honorary Educational Frater
nity, at its first meeting of the Sum
mer Quarter, to be held Monday, July
2, at. 5:15 o'clock at the Women's
Clubhouse. All members are urged to
attend and an invitation is extended
to all visiting Pi Lambda Thetas.
Plans will be made for a reception
to be given Wednesday evening, July
11, by Pi Lambda Theta, Women's Na
tional Honorary Educational Frater
nity, at its first meeting of the Sum
mer Quarter, to be held Monday, July
2, at. 5:15 o'clock at the Women's
Clubhouse. All members are urged to
attend and an invitation is extended
to all visiting Pi Lambda Thetas.
Plans will be made for a reception
to be given Wednesday evening, July
11, by Pi Lambda Theta, Women's Na
tional Honorary Educational Frater
nity, at its first meeting of the Sum
mer Quarter, to be held Monday, July
2, at. 5:15 o'clock at the Women's
Clubhouse. All members are urged to
attend and an invitation is extended
to all visiting Pi Lambda Thetas.
Plans will be made for a reception
to be given Wednesday evening, July
11, by Pi Lambda Theta, Women's Na
tional Honorary Educational Frater
nity, at its first meeting of the Sum
mer Quarter, to be held Monday, July
2, at. 5:15 o'clock at the Women's
Clubhouse. All members are urged to
attend and an invitation is extended
to all visiting Pi Lambda Thetas.
Plans will be made for a reception
to be given Wednesday evening, July
11, by Pi Lambda Theta, Women's Na
tional Honorary Educational Frater
nity, at its first meeting of the Sum
mer Quarter, to be held Monday, July
2, at. 5:15 o'clock at the Women's
Clubhouse. All members are urged to
attend and an invitation is extended
to all visiting Pi Lambda Thetas.
Plans will be made for a reception
to be given Wednesday evening, July
11, by Pi Lambda Theta, Women's Na
tional Honorary Educational Frater
nity, at its first meeting of the Sum
mer Quarter, to be held Monday, July
2, at. 5:15 o'clock at the Women's
Clubhouse. All members are urged to
attend and an invitation is extended
to all visiting Pi Lambda Thetas.
Plans will be made for a reception
to be given Wednesday evening, July
11, by Pi Lambda Theta, Women's Na
tional Honorary Educational Frater
nity, at its first meeting of the Sum
mer Quarter, to be held Monday, July
2, at. 5:15 o'clock at the Women's
Clubhouse. All members are urged to
attend and an invitation is extended
to all visiting Pi Lambda Thetas.
Plans will be made for a reception
to be given Wednesday evening, July
11, by Pi Lambda Theta, Women's Na
tional Honorary Educational Frater
nity, at its first meeting of the Sum
mer Quarter, to be held Monday, July
2, at. 5:15 o'clock at the Women's
Clubhouse. All members are urged to
attend and an invitation is extended
to all visiting Pi Lambda Thetas.
Plans will be made for a reception
to be given Wednesday evening, July
11, by Pi Lambda Theta, Women's Na
tional Honorary Educational Frater
nity, at its first meeting of the Sum
mer Quarter, to be held Monday, July
2, at. 5:15 o'clock at the Women's
Clubhouse. All members are urged to
attend and an invitation is extended
to all visiting Pi Lambda Thetas.
Plans will be made for a reception
to be given Wednesday evening, July
11, by Pi Lambda Theta, Women's Na
tional Honorary Educational Frater
nity, at its first meeting of the Sum
mer Quarter, to be held Monday, July
2, at. 5:15 o'clock at the Women's
Clubhouse. All members are urged to
attend and an invitation is extended
to all visiting Pi Lambda Thetas.
