# PSYCHOLOGISTS MEET VISITING PROFESSORS
## 
### 
Dr. Kate Gordon of the University
of California at Los Angeles, and Dr.
Edward A. Bott, University of To
ronto, were guests of honor at an in
formal reception given by Tau Psi
Epsilon, psychology fraternity, Wed
nesday afternoon on the second floor
of the Psychology Building. Those in
vited to meet Dr. Gordon and Dr. Bott
included members of the faculty, psy
chology majors, research workers, and
any one interested in the study of
psychology.
About sixty people attended the re
ception. Refreshments of punch and
cakes were served. Miss Barbara
Mayer, President of the fraternity,
acted as hostess.
Dr. Kate Gordon of the University
of California at Los Angeles, and Dr.
Edward A. Bott, University of To
ronto, were guests of honor at an in
formal reception given by Tau Psi
Epsilon, psychology fraternity, Wed
nesday afternoon on the second floor
of the Psychology Building. Those in
vited to meet Dr. Gordon and Dr. Bott
included members of the faculty, psy
chology majors, research workers, and
any one interested in the study of
psychology.
About sixty people attended the re
ception. Refreshments of punch and
cakes were served. Miss Barbara
Mayer, President of the fraternity,
acted as hostess.
Dr. Kate Gordon of the University
of California at Los Angeles, and Dr.
Edward A. Bott, University of To
ronto, were guests of honor at an in
formal reception given by Tau Psi
Epsilon, psychology fraternity, Wed
nesday afternoon on the second floor
of the Psychology Building. Those in
vited to meet Dr. Gordon and Dr. Bott
included members of the faculty, psy
chology majors, research workers, and
any one interested in the study of
psychology.
About sixty people attended the re
ception. Refreshments of punch and
cakes were served. Miss Barbara
Mayer, President of the fraternity,
acted as hostess.
Dr. Kate Gordon of the University
of California at Los Angeles, and Dr.
Edward A. Bott, University of To
ronto, were guests of honor at an in
formal reception given by Tau Psi
Epsilon, psychology fraternity, Wed
nesday afternoon on the second floor
of the Psychology Building. Those in
vited to meet Dr. Gordon and Dr. Bott
included members of the faculty, psy
chology majors, research workers, and
any one interested in the study of
psychology.
About sixty people attended the re
ception. Refreshments of punch and
cakes were served. Miss Barbara
Mayer, President of the fraternity,
acted as hostess.
Dr. Kate Gordon of the University
of California at Los Angeles, and Dr.
Edward A. Bott, University of To
ronto, were guests of honor at an in
formal reception given by Tau Psi
Epsilon, psychology fraternity, Wed
nesday afternoon on the second floor
of the Psychology Building. Those in
vited to meet Dr. Gordon and Dr. Bott
included members of the faculty, psy
chology majors, research workers, and
any one interested in the study of
psychology.
About sixty people attended the re
ception. Refreshments of punch and
cakes were served. Miss Barbara
Mayer, President of the fraternity,
acted as hostess.
Dr. Kate Gordon of the University
of California at Los Angeles, and Dr.
Edward A. Bott, University of To
ronto, were guests of honor at an in
formal reception given by Tau Psi
Epsilon, psychology fraternity, Wed
nesday afternoon on the second floor
of the Psychology Building. Those in
vited to meet Dr. Gordon and Dr. Bott
included members of the faculty, psy
chology majors, research workers, and
any one interested in the study of
psychology.
About sixty people attended the re
ception. Refreshments of punch and
cakes were served. Miss Barbara
Mayer, President of the fraternity,
acted as hostess.
Dr. Kate Gordon of the University
of California at Los Angeles, and Dr.
Edward A. Bott, University of To
ronto, were guests of honor at an in
formal reception given by Tau Psi
Epsilon, psychology fraternity, Wed
nesday afternoon on the second floor
of the Psychology Building. Those in
vited to meet Dr. Gordon and Dr. Bott
included members of the faculty, psy
chology majors, research workers, and
any one interested in the study of
psychology.
About sixty people attended the re
ception. Refreshments of punch and
cakes were served. Miss Barbara
Mayer, President of the fraternity,
acted as hostess.
Dr. Kate Gordon of the University
of California at Los Angeles, and Dr.
Edward A. Bott, University of To
ronto, were guests of honor at an in
formal reception given by Tau Psi
Epsilon, psychology fraternity, Wed
nesday afternoon on the second floor
of the Psychology Building. Those in
vited to meet Dr. Gordon and Dr. Bott
included members of the faculty, psy
chology majors, research workers, and
any one interested in the study of
psychology.
About sixty people attended the re
ception. Refreshments of punch and
cakes were served. Miss Barbara
Mayer, President of the fraternity,
acted as hostess.
Dr. Kate Gordon of the University
of California at Los Angeles, and Dr.
Edward A. Bott, University of To
ronto, were guests of honor at an in
formal reception given by Tau Psi
Epsilon, psychology fraternity, Wed
nesday afternoon on the second floor
of the Psychology Building. Those in
vited to meet Dr. Gordon and Dr. Bott
included members of the faculty, psy
chology majors, research workers, and
any one interested in the study of
psychology.
About sixty people attended the re
ception. Refreshments of punch and
cakes were served. Miss Barbara
Mayer, President of the fraternity,
acted as hostess.
Dr. Kate Gordon of the University
of California at Los Angeles, and Dr.
Edward A. Bott, University of To
ronto, were guests of honor at an in
formal reception given by Tau Psi
Epsilon, psychology fraternity, Wed
nesday afternoon on the second floor
of the Psychology Building. Those in
vited to meet Dr. Gordon and Dr. Bott
included members of the faculty, psy
chology majors, research workers, and
any one interested in the study of
psychology.
About sixty people attended the re
ception. Refreshments of punch and
cakes were served. Miss Barbara
Mayer, President of the fraternity,
acted as hostess.
Dr. Kate Gordon of the University
of California at Los Angeles, and Dr.
Edward A. Bott, University of To
ronto, were guests of honor at an in
formal reception given by Tau Psi
Epsilon, psychology fraternity, Wed
nesday afternoon on the second floor
of the Psychology Building. Those in
vited to meet Dr. Gordon and Dr. Bott
included members of the faculty, psy
chology majors, research workers, and
any one interested in the study of
psychology.
About sixty people attended the re
ception. Refreshments of punch and
cakes were served. Miss Barbara
Mayer, President of the fraternity,
acted as hostess.
Dr. Kate Gordon of the University
of California at Los Angeles, and Dr.
Edward A. Bott, University of To
ronto, were guests of honor at an in
formal reception given by Tau Psi
Epsilon, psychology fraternity, Wed
nesday afternoon on the second floor
of the Psychology Building. Those in
vited to meet Dr. Gordon and Dr. Bott
included members of the faculty, psy
chology majors, research workers, and
any one interested in the study of
psychology.
About sixty people attended the re
ception. Refreshments of punch and
cakes were served. Miss Barbara
Mayer, President of the fraternity,
acted as hostess.
Dr. Kate Gordon of the University
of California at Los Angeles, and Dr.
Edward A. Bott, University of To
ronto, were guests of honor at an in
formal reception given by Tau Psi
Epsilon, psychology fraternity, Wed
nesday afternoon on the second floor
of the Psychology Building. Those in
vited to meet Dr. Gordon and Dr. Bott
included members of the faculty, psy
chology majors, research workers, and
any one interested in the study of
psychology.
About sixty people attended the re
ception. Refreshments of punch and
cakes were served. Miss Barbara
Mayer, President of the fraternity,
acted as hostess.
Dr. Kate Gordon of the University
of California at Los Angeles, and Dr.
Edward A. Bott, University of To
ronto, were guests of honor at an in
formal reception given by Tau Psi
Epsilon, psychology fraternity, Wed
nesday afternoon on the second floor
of the Psychology Building. Those in
vited to meet Dr. Gordon and Dr. Bott
included members of the faculty, psy
chology majors, research workers, and
any one interested in the study of
psychology.
About sixty people attended the re
ception. Refreshments of punch and
cakes were served. Miss Barbara
Mayer, President of the fraternity,
acted as hostess.
Dr. Kate Gordon of the University
of California at Los Angeles, and Dr.
Edward A. Bott, University of To
ronto, were guests of honor at an in
formal reception given by Tau Psi
Epsilon, psychology fraternity, Wed
nesday afternoon on the second floor
of the Psychology Building. Those in
vited to meet Dr. Gordon and Dr. Bott
included members of the faculty, psy
chology majors, research workers, and
any one interested in the study of
psychology.
About sixty people attended the re
ception. Refreshments of punch and
cakes were served. Miss Barbara
Mayer, President of the fraternity,
acted as hostess.
Dr. Kate Gordon of the University
of California at Los Angeles, and Dr.
Edward A. Bott, University of To
ronto, were guests of honor at an in
formal reception given by Tau Psi
Epsilon, psychology fraternity, Wed
nesday afternoon on the second floor
of the Psychology Building. Those in
vited to meet Dr. Gordon and Dr. Bott
included members of the faculty, psy
chology majors, research workers, and
any one interested in the study of
psychology.
About sixty people attended the re
ception. Refreshments of punch and
cakes were served. Miss Barbara
Mayer, President of the fraternity,
acted as hostess.
