# JULY 5 IS LAST DAY TO CHANGE SCHEDULES
## 
### 
Students who are going the full
Sujnmer Quarter, but have only made
out their schedule for the first half
should make out the schedule for the
last half before July 5 if they wish
to escape a fine., according to an an
nouncement from the Registrar's of
fice. These additions will be regarded
as changes in schedule, and the last
day which schedules may be changed
without fine is July 5.

A freak June snowstorm blanketed
Gunnison, Colo., with six inches of
snow, but melted rapidly.
Students who are going the full
Sujnmer Quarter, but have only made
out their schedule for the first half
should make out the schedule for the
last half before July 5 if they wish
to escape a fine., according to an an
nouncement from the Registrar's of
fice. These additions will be regarded
as changes in schedule, and the last
day which schedules may be changed
without fine is July 5.

A freak June snowstorm blanketed
Gunnison, Colo., with six inches of
snow, but melted rapidly.
Students who are going the full
Sujnmer Quarter, but have only made
out their schedule for the first half
should make out the schedule for the
last half before July 5 if they wish
to escape a fine., according to an an
nouncement from the Registrar's of
fice. These additions will be regarded
as changes in schedule, and the last
day which schedules may be changed
without fine is July 5.

A freak June snowstorm blanketed
Gunnison, Colo., with six inches of
snow, but melted rapidly.
Students who are going the full
Sujnmer Quarter, but have only made
out their schedule for the first half
should make out the schedule for the
last half before July 5 if they wish
to escape a fine., according to an an
nouncement from the Registrar's of
fice. These additions will be regarded
as changes in schedule, and the last
day which schedules may be changed
without fine is July 5.

A freak June snowstorm blanketed
Gunnison, Colo., with six inches of
snow, but melted rapidly.
Students who are going the full
Sujnmer Quarter, but have only made
out their schedule for the first half
should make out the schedule for the
last half before July 5 if they wish
to escape a fine., according to an an
nouncement from the Registrar's of
fice. These additions will be regarded
as changes in schedule, and the last
day which schedules may be changed
without fine is July 5.

A freak June snowstorm blanketed
Gunnison, Colo., with six inches of
snow, but melted rapidly.
Students who are going the full
Sujnmer Quarter, but have only made
out their schedule for the first half
should make out the schedule for the
last half before July 5 if they wish
to escape a fine., according to an an
nouncement from the Registrar's of
fice. These additions will be regarded
as changes in schedule, and the last
day which schedules may be changed
without fine is July 5.

A freak June snowstorm blanketed
Gunnison, Colo., with six inches of
snow, but melted rapidly.
Students who are going the full
Sujnmer Quarter, but have only made
out their schedule for the first half
should make out the schedule for the
last half before July 5 if they wish
to escape a fine., according to an an
nouncement from the Registrar's of
fice. These additions will be regarded
as changes in schedule, and the last
day which schedules may be changed
without fine is July 5.

A freak June snowstorm blanketed
Gunnison, Colo., with six inches of
snow, but melted rapidly.
Students who are going the full
Sujnmer Quarter, but have only made
out their schedule for the first half
should make out the schedule for the
last half before July 5 if they wish
to escape a fine., according to an an
nouncement from the Registrar's of
fice. These additions will be regarded
as changes in schedule, and the last
day which schedules may be changed
without fine is July 5.

A freak June snowstorm blanketed
Gunnison, Colo., with six inches of
snow, but melted rapidly.
Students who are going the full
Sujnmer Quarter, but have only made
out their schedule for the first half
should make out the schedule for the
last half before July 5 if they wish
to escape a fine., according to an an
nouncement from the Registrar's of
fice. These additions will be regarded
as changes in schedule, and the last
day which schedules may be changed
without fine is July 5.

A freak June snowstorm blanketed
Gunnison, Colo., with six inches of
snow, but melted rapidly.
Students who are going the full
Sujnmer Quarter, but have only made
out their schedule for the first half
should make out the schedule for the
last half before July 5 if they wish
to escape a fine., according to an an
nouncement from the Registrar's of
fice. These additions will be regarded
as changes in schedule, and the last
day which schedules may be changed
without fine is July 5.

A freak June snowstorm blanketed
Gunnison, Colo., with six inches of
snow, but melted rapidly.
Students who are going the full
Sujnmer Quarter, but have only made
out their schedule for the first half
should make out the schedule for the
last half before July 5 if they wish
to escape a fine., according to an an
nouncement from the Registrar's of
fice. These additions will be regarded
as changes in schedule, and the last
day which schedules may be changed
without fine is July 5.

A freak June snowstorm blanketed
Gunnison, Colo., with six inches of
snow, but melted rapidly.
Students who are going the full
Sujnmer Quarter, but have only made
out their schedule for the first half
should make out the schedule for the
last half before July 5 if they wish
to escape a fine., according to an an
nouncement from the Registrar's of
fice. These additions will be regarded
as changes in schedule, and the last
day which schedules may be changed
without fine is July 5.

A freak June snowstorm blanketed
Gunnison, Colo., with six inches of
snow, but melted rapidly.
Students who are going the full
Sujnmer Quarter, but have only made
out their schedule for the first half
should make out the schedule for the
last half before July 5 if they wish
to escape a fine., according to an an
nouncement from the Registrar's of
fice. These additions will be regarded
as changes in schedule, and the last
day which schedules may be changed
without fine is July 5.

A freak June snowstorm blanketed
Gunnison, Colo., with six inches of
snow, but melted rapidly.
Students who are going the full
Sujnmer Quarter, but have only made
out their schedule for the first half
should make out the schedule for the
last half before July 5 if they wish
to escape a fine., according to an an
nouncement from the Registrar's of
fice. These additions will be regarded
as changes in schedule, and the last
day which schedules may be changed
without fine is July 5.

A freak June snowstorm blanketed
Gunnison, Colo., with six inches of
snow, but melted rapidly.
Students who are going the full
Sujnmer Quarter, but have only made
out their schedule for the first half
should make out the schedule for the
last half before July 5 if they wish
to escape a fine., according to an an
nouncement from the Registrar's of
fice. These additions will be regarded
as changes in schedule, and the last
day which schedules may be changed
without fine is July 5.

A freak June snowstorm blanketed
Gunnison, Colo., with six inches of
snow, but melted rapidly.
Students who are going the full
Sujnmer Quarter, but have only made
out their schedule for the first half
should make out the schedule for the
last half before July 5 if they wish
to escape a fine., according to an an
nouncement from the Registrar's of
fice. These additions will be regarded
as changes in schedule, and the last
day which schedules may be changed
without fine is July 5.

A freak June snowstorm blanketed
Gunnison, Colo., with six inches of
snow, but melted rapidly.
