# Australian Artist's Work To Be Put in Art Gallery
## 
### 
Landscape paintings depicting
scenes of Australia will be on display
in the Thomas Welton Stanford Art
Gallery after July 1. These paintings
are the work of J. W. Curtis, Aus
tralian artist. Mr. Curtis' work was
presented to Stanford University by
Thomas Welton Stanford, wbose ex
tensive art collection is part of the
University collection. The exhibit of
the Carmel Art Association will also
be on view until July 1, and the Wil
liam S. Rice exhibit of wood block
printing will be on view until July 8.
Landscape paintings depicting
scenes of Australia will be on display
in the Thomas Welton Stanford Art
Gallery after July 1. These paintings
are the work of J. W. Curtis, Aus
tralian artist. Mr. Curtis' work was
presented to Stanford University by
Thomas Welton Stanford, wbose ex
tensive art collection is part of the
University collection. The exhibit of
the Carmel Art Association will also
be on view until July 1, and the Wil
liam S. Rice exhibit of wood block
printing will be on view until July 8.
Landscape paintings depicting
scenes of Australia will be on display
in the Thomas Welton Stanford Art
Gallery after July 1. These paintings
are the work of J. W. Curtis, Aus
tralian artist. Mr. Curtis' work was
presented to Stanford University by
Thomas Welton Stanford, wbose ex
tensive art collection is part of the
University collection. The exhibit of
the Carmel Art Association will also
be on view until July 1, and the Wil
liam S. Rice exhibit of wood block
printing will be on view until July 8.
Landscape paintings depicting
scenes of Australia will be on display
in the Thomas Welton Stanford Art
Gallery after July 1. These paintings
are the work of J. W. Curtis, Aus
tralian artist. Mr. Curtis' work was
presented to Stanford University by
Thomas Welton Stanford, wbose ex
tensive art collection is part of the
University collection. The exhibit of
the Carmel Art Association will also
be on view until July 1, and the Wil
liam S. Rice exhibit of wood block
printing will be on view until July 8.
Landscape paintings depicting
scenes of Australia will be on display
in the Thomas Welton Stanford Art
Gallery after July 1. These paintings
are the work of J. W. Curtis, Aus
tralian artist. Mr. Curtis' work was
presented to Stanford University by
Thomas Welton Stanford, wbose ex
tensive art collection is part of the
University collection. The exhibit of
the Carmel Art Association will also
be on view until July 1, and the Wil
liam S. Rice exhibit of wood block
printing will be on view until July 8.
Landscape paintings depicting
scenes of Australia will be on display
in the Thomas Welton Stanford Art
Gallery after July 1. These paintings
are the work of J. W. Curtis, Aus
tralian artist. Mr. Curtis' work was
presented to Stanford University by
Thomas Welton Stanford, wbose ex
tensive art collection is part of the
University collection. The exhibit of
the Carmel Art Association will also
be on view until July 1, and the Wil
liam S. Rice exhibit of wood block
printing will be on view until July 8.
Landscape paintings depicting
scenes of Australia will be on display
in the Thomas Welton Stanford Art
Gallery after July 1. These paintings
are the work of J. W. Curtis, Aus
tralian artist. Mr. Curtis' work was
presented to Stanford University by
Thomas Welton Stanford, wbose ex
tensive art collection is part of the
University collection. The exhibit of
the Carmel Art Association will also
be on view until July 1, and the Wil
liam S. Rice exhibit of wood block
printing will be on view until July 8.
Landscape paintings depicting
scenes of Australia will be on display
in the Thomas Welton Stanford Art
Gallery after July 1. These paintings
are the work of J. W. Curtis, Aus
tralian artist. Mr. Curtis' work was
presented to Stanford University by
Thomas Welton Stanford, wbose ex
tensive art collection is part of the
University collection. The exhibit of
the Carmel Art Association will also
be on view until July 1, and the Wil
liam S. Rice exhibit of wood block
printing will be on view until July 8.
Landscape paintings depicting
scenes of Australia will be on display
in the Thomas Welton Stanford Art
Gallery after July 1. These paintings
are the work of J. W. Curtis, Aus
tralian artist. Mr. Curtis' work was
presented to Stanford University by
Thomas Welton Stanford, wbose ex
tensive art collection is part of the
University collection. The exhibit of
the Carmel Art Association will also
be on view until July 1, and the Wil
liam S. Rice exhibit of wood block
printing will be on view until July 8.
Landscape paintings depicting
scenes of Australia will be on display
in the Thomas Welton Stanford Art
Gallery after July 1. These paintings
are the work of J. W. Curtis, Aus
tralian artist. Mr. Curtis' work was
presented to Stanford University by
Thomas Welton Stanford, wbose ex
tensive art collection is part of the
University collection. The exhibit of
the Carmel Art Association will also
be on view until July 1, and the Wil
liam S. Rice exhibit of wood block
printing will be on view until July 8.
Landscape paintings depicting
scenes of Australia will be on display
in the Thomas Welton Stanford Art
Gallery after July 1. These paintings
are the work of J. W. Curtis, Aus
tralian artist. Mr. Curtis' work was
presented to Stanford University by
Thomas Welton Stanford, wbose ex
tensive art collection is part of the
University collection. The exhibit of
the Carmel Art Association will also
be on view until July 1, and the Wil
liam S. Rice exhibit of wood block
printing will be on view until July 8.
Landscape paintings depicting
scenes of Australia will be on display
in the Thomas Welton Stanford Art
Gallery after July 1. These paintings
are the work of J. W. Curtis, Aus
tralian artist. Mr. Curtis' work was
presented to Stanford University by
Thomas Welton Stanford, wbose ex
tensive art collection is part of the
University collection. The exhibit of
the Carmel Art Association will also
be on view until July 1, and the Wil
liam S. Rice exhibit of wood block
printing will be on view until July 8.
Landscape paintings depicting
scenes of Australia will be on display
in the Thomas Welton Stanford Art
Gallery after July 1. These paintings
are the work of J. W. Curtis, Aus
tralian artist. Mr. Curtis' work was
presented to Stanford University by
Thomas Welton Stanford, wbose ex
tensive art collection is part of the
University collection. The exhibit of
the Carmel Art Association will also
be on view until July 1, and the Wil
liam S. Rice exhibit of wood block
printing will be on view until July 8.
Landscape paintings depicting
scenes of Australia will be on display
in the Thomas Welton Stanford Art
Gallery after July 1. These paintings
are the work of J. W. Curtis, Aus
tralian artist. Mr. Curtis' work was
presented to Stanford University by
Thomas Welton Stanford, wbose ex
tensive art collection is part of the
University collection. The exhibit of
the Carmel Art Association will also
be on view until July 1, and the Wil
liam S. Rice exhibit of wood block
printing will be on view until July 8.
Landscape paintings depicting
scenes of Australia will be on display
in the Thomas Welton Stanford Art
Gallery after July 1. These paintings
are the work of J. W. Curtis, Aus
tralian artist. Mr. Curtis' work was
presented to Stanford University by
Thomas Welton Stanford, wbose ex
tensive art collection is part of the
University collection. The exhibit of
the Carmel Art Association will also
be on view until July 1, and the Wil
liam S. Rice exhibit of wood block
printing will be on view until July 8.
Landscape paintings depicting
scenes of Australia will be on display
in the Thomas Welton Stanford Art
Gallery after July 1. These paintings
are the work of J. W. Curtis, Aus
tralian artist. Mr. Curtis' work was
presented to Stanford University by
Thomas Welton Stanford, wbose ex
tensive art collection is part of the
University collection. The exhibit of
the Carmel Art Association will also
be on view until July 1, and the Wil
liam S. Rice exhibit of wood block
printing will be on view until July 8.
