# SUMMER QUARTER WILL HAVE BAND; FORTY OR MORE PIECES LIKELY
## Practice Starts This Weekâ€” Concerts to Be Given Weekly on Campus 
### 
At a meeting held last Tuesday
evening, in the Band House, sufficient
interest was shown for the organiza
tion of a band for the summer quar
ter. The personnel of the band is ex
pected to exceed forty and may reach
fifty by the end of the week. Accord
ing to Dr. Ernest W. Martin, director
of the band, this number will be fully
adequate for concert purposes.
Practice is to begin this week, and
within two weeks the first concert
will be held. The Band House and the
Union will be used alternately for the
concerts which will be held weekly.
Richard Snow, of the music depart
ment of San Jose High School, will
assist Dr. Martin in directing, and
Francis W. Martin, '29, has been
chosen business manager. Lloyd M.
Smith, '29, is to serve as assistant
business manager.
Dr. Martin says that there is still
room for two clarinets, saxophones,
and altos, and one oboe, bassoon,
trumpet, slide trombone, and a bass
horn.
At a meeting held last Tuesday
evening, in the Band House, sufficient
interest was shown for the organiza
tion of a band for the summer quar
ter. The personnel of the band is ex
pected to exceed forty and may reach
fifty by the end of the week. Accord
ing to Dr. Ernest W. Martin, director
of the band, this number will be fully
adequate for concert purposes.
Practice is to begin this week, and
within two weeks the first concert
will be held. The Band House and the
Union will be used alternately for the
concerts which will be held weekly.
Richard Snow, of the music depart
ment of San Jose High School, will
assist Dr. Martin in directing, and
Francis W. Martin, '29, has been
chosen business manager. Lloyd M.
Smith, '29, is to serve as assistant
business manager.
Dr. Martin says that there is still
room for two clarinets, saxophones,
and altos, and one oboe, bassoon,
trumpet, slide trombone, and a bass
horn.
At a meeting held last Tuesday
evening, in the Band House, sufficient
interest was shown for the organiza
tion of a band for the summer quar
ter. The personnel of the band is ex
pected to exceed forty and may reach
fifty by the end of the week. Accord
ing to Dr. Ernest W. Martin, director
of the band, this number will be fully
adequate for concert purposes.
Practice is to begin this week, and
within two weeks the first concert
will be held. The Band House and the
Union will be used alternately for the
concerts which will be held weekly.
Richard Snow, of the music depart
ment of San Jose High School, will
assist Dr. Martin in directing, and
Francis W. Martin, '29, has been
chosen business manager. Lloyd M.
Smith, '29, is to serve as assistant
business manager.
Dr. Martin says that there is still
room for two clarinets, saxophones,
and altos, and one oboe, bassoon,
trumpet, slide trombone, and a bass
horn.
At a meeting held last Tuesday
evening, in the Band House, sufficient
interest was shown for the organiza
tion of a band for the summer quar
ter. The personnel of the band is ex
pected to exceed forty and may reach
fifty by the end of the week. Accord
ing to Dr. Ernest W. Martin, director
of the band, this number will be fully
adequate for concert purposes.
Practice is to begin this week, and
within two weeks the first concert
will be held. The Band House and the
Union will be used alternately for the
concerts which will be held weekly.
Richard Snow, of the music depart
ment of San Jose High School, will
assist Dr. Martin in directing, and
Francis W. Martin, '29, has been
chosen business manager. Lloyd M.
Smith, '29, is to serve as assistant
business manager.
Dr. Martin says that there is still
room for two clarinets, saxophones,
and altos, and one oboe, bassoon,
trumpet, slide trombone, and a bass
horn.
At a meeting held last Tuesday
evening, in the Band House, sufficient
interest was shown for the organiza
tion of a band for the summer quar
ter. The personnel of the band is ex
pected to exceed forty and may reach
fifty by the end of the week. Accord
ing to Dr. Ernest W. Martin, director
of the band, this number will be fully
adequate for concert purposes.
Practice is to begin this week, and
within two weeks the first concert
will be held. The Band House and the
Union will be used alternately for the
concerts which will be held weekly.
Richard Snow, of the music depart
ment of San Jose High School, will
assist Dr. Martin in directing, and
Francis W. Martin, '29, has been
chosen business manager. Lloyd M.
Smith, '29, is to serve as assistant
business manager.
Dr. Martin says that there is still
room for two clarinets, saxophones,
and altos, and one oboe, bassoon,
trumpet, slide trombone, and a bass
horn.
At a meeting held last Tuesday
evening, in the Band House, sufficient
interest was shown for the organiza
tion of a band for the summer quar
ter. The personnel of the band is ex
pected to exceed forty and may reach
fifty by the end of the week. Accord
ing to Dr. Ernest W. Martin, director
of the band, this number will be fully
adequate for concert purposes.
Practice is to begin this week, and
within two weeks the first concert
will be held. The Band House and the
Union will be used alternately for the
concerts which will be held weekly.
Richard Snow, of the music depart
ment of San Jose High School, will
assist Dr. Martin in directing, and
Francis W. Martin, '29, has been
chosen business manager. Lloyd M.
Smith, '29, is to serve as assistant
business manager.
Dr. Martin says that there is still
room for two clarinets, saxophones,
and altos, and one oboe, bassoon,
trumpet, slide trombone, and a bass
horn.
At a meeting held last Tuesday
evening, in the Band House, sufficient
interest was shown for the organiza
tion of a band for the summer quar
ter. The personnel of the band is ex
pected to exceed forty and may reach
fifty by the end of the week. Accord
ing to Dr. Ernest W. Martin, director
of the band, this number will be fully
adequate for concert purposes.
Practice is to begin this week, and
within two weeks the first concert
will be held. The Band House and the
Union will be used alternately for the
concerts which will be held weekly.
Richard Snow, of the music depart
ment of San Jose High School, will
assist Dr. Martin in directing, and
Francis W. Martin, '29, has been
chosen business manager. Lloyd M.
Smith, '29, is to serve as assistant
business manager.
Dr. Martin says that there is still
room for two clarinets, saxophones,
and altos, and one oboe, bassoon,
trumpet, slide trombone, and a bass
horn.
At a meeting held last Tuesday
evening, in the Band House, sufficient
interest was shown for the organiza
tion of a band for the summer quar
ter. The personnel of the band is ex
pected to exceed forty and may reach
fifty by the end of the week. Accord
ing to Dr. Ernest W. Martin, director
of the band, this number will be fully
adequate for concert purposes.
Practice is to begin this week, and
within two weeks the first concert
will be held. The Band House and the
Union will be used alternately for the
concerts which will be held weekly.
Richard Snow, of the music depart
ment of San Jose High School, will
assist Dr. Martin in directing, and
Francis W. Martin, '29, has been
chosen business manager. Lloyd M.
Smith, '29, is to serve as assistant
business manager.
Dr. Martin says that there is still
room for two clarinets, saxophones,
and altos, and one oboe, bassoon,
trumpet, slide trombone, and a bass
horn.
At a meeting held last Tuesday
evening, in the Band House, sufficient
interest was shown for the organiza
tion of a band for the summer quar
ter. The personnel of the band is ex
pected to exceed forty and may reach
fifty by the end of the week. Accord
ing to Dr. Ernest W. Martin, director
of the band, this number will be fully
adequate for concert purposes.
Practice is to begin this week, and
within two weeks the first concert
will be held. The Band House and the
Union will be used alternately for the
concerts which will be held weekly.
Richard Snow, of the music depart
ment of San Jose High School, will
assist Dr. Martin in directing, and
Francis W. Martin, '29, has been
chosen business manager. Lloyd M.
Smith, '29, is to serve as assistant
business manager.
Dr. Martin says that there is still
room for two clarinets, saxophones,
and altos, and one oboe, bassoon,
trumpet, slide trombone, and a bass
horn.
At a meeting held last Tuesday
evening, in the Band House, sufficient
interest was shown for the organiza
tion of a band for the summer quar
ter. The personnel of the band is ex
pected to exceed forty and may reach
fifty by the end of the week. Accord
ing to Dr. Ernest W. Martin, director
of the band, this number will be fully
adequate for concert purposes.
Practice is to begin this week, and
within two weeks the first concert
will be held. The Band House and the
Union will be used alternately for the
concerts which will be held weekly.
Richard Snow, of the music depart
ment of San Jose High School, will
assist Dr. Martin in directing, and
Francis W. Martin, '29, has been
chosen business manager. Lloyd M.
Smith, '29, is to serve as assistant
business manager.
Dr. Martin says that there is still
room for two clarinets, saxophones,
and altos, and one oboe, bassoon,
trumpet, slide trombone, and a bass
horn.
At a meeting held last Tuesday
evening, in the Band House, sufficient
interest was shown for the organiza
tion of a band for the summer quar
ter. The personnel of the band is ex
pected to exceed forty and may reach
fifty by the end of the week. Accord
ing to Dr. Ernest W. Martin, director
of the band, this number will be fully
adequate for concert purposes.
Practice is to begin this week, and
within two weeks the first concert
will be held. The Band House and the
Union will be used alternately for the
concerts which will be held weekly.
Richard Snow, of the music depart
ment of San Jose High School, will
assist Dr. Martin in directing, and
Francis W. Martin, '29, has been
chosen business manager. Lloyd M.
Smith, '29, is to serve as assistant
business manager.
Dr. Martin says that there is still
room for two clarinets, saxophones,
and altos, and one oboe, bassoon,
trumpet, slide trombone, and a bass
horn.
At a meeting held last Tuesday
evening, in the Band House, sufficient
interest was shown for the organiza
tion of a band for the summer quar
ter. The personnel of the band is ex
pected to exceed forty and may reach
fifty by the end of the week. Accord
ing to Dr. Ernest W. Martin, director
of the band, this number will be fully
adequate for concert purposes.
Practice is to begin this week, and
within two weeks the first concert
will be held. The Band House and the
Union will be used alternately for the
concerts which will be held weekly.
Richard Snow, of the music depart
ment of San Jose High School, will
assist Dr. Martin in directing, and
Francis W. Martin, '29, has been
chosen business manager. Lloyd M.
Smith, '29, is to serve as assistant
business manager.
Dr. Martin says that there is still
room for two clarinets, saxophones,
and altos, and one oboe, bassoon,
trumpet, slide trombone, and a bass
horn.
At a meeting held last Tuesday
evening, in the Band House, sufficient
interest was shown for the organiza
tion of a band for the summer quar
ter. The personnel of the band is ex
pected to exceed forty and may reach
fifty by the end of the week. Accord
ing to Dr. Ernest W. Martin, director
of the band, this number will be fully
adequate for concert purposes.
Practice is to begin this week, and
within two weeks the first concert
will be held. The Band House and the
Union will be used alternately for the
concerts which will be held weekly.
Richard Snow, of the music depart
ment of San Jose High School, will
assist Dr. Martin in directing, and
Francis W. Martin, '29, has been
chosen business manager. Lloyd M.
Smith, '29, is to serve as assistant
business manager.
Dr. Martin says that there is still
room for two clarinets, saxophones,
and altos, and one oboe, bassoon,
trumpet, slide trombone, and a bass
horn.
At a meeting held last Tuesday
evening, in the Band House, sufficient
interest was shown for the organiza
tion of a band for the summer quar
ter. The personnel of the band is ex
pected to exceed forty and may reach
fifty by the end of the week. Accord
ing to Dr. Ernest W. Martin, director
of the band, this number will be fully
adequate for concert purposes.
Practice is to begin this week, and
within two weeks the first concert
will be held. The Band House and the
Union will be used alternately for the
concerts which will be held weekly.
Richard Snow, of the music depart
ment of San Jose High School, will
assist Dr. Martin in directing, and
Francis W. Martin, '29, has been
chosen business manager. Lloyd M.
Smith, '29, is to serve as assistant
business manager.
Dr. Martin says that there is still
room for two clarinets, saxophones,
and altos, and one oboe, bassoon,
trumpet, slide trombone, and a bass
horn.
At a meeting held last Tuesday
evening, in the Band House, sufficient
interest was shown for the organiza
tion of a band for the summer quar
ter. The personnel of the band is ex
pected to exceed forty and may reach
fifty by the end of the week. Accord
ing to Dr. Ernest W. Martin, director
of the band, this number will be fully
adequate for concert purposes.
Practice is to begin this week, and
within two weeks the first concert
will be held. The Band House and the
Union will be used alternately for the
concerts which will be held weekly.
Richard Snow, of the music depart
ment of San Jose High School, will
assist Dr. Martin in directing, and
Francis W. Martin, '29, has been
chosen business manager. Lloyd M.
Smith, '29, is to serve as assistant
business manager.
Dr. Martin says that there is still
room for two clarinets, saxophones,
and altos, and one oboe, bassoon,
trumpet, slide trombone, and a bass
horn.
At a meeting held last Tuesday
evening, in the Band House, sufficient
interest was shown for the organiza
tion of a band for the summer quar
ter. The personnel of the band is ex
pected to exceed forty and may reach
fifty by the end of the week. Accord
ing to Dr. Ernest W. Martin, director
of the band, this number will be fully
adequate for concert purposes.
Practice is to begin this week, and
within two weeks the first concert
will be held. The Band House and the
Union will be used alternately for the
concerts which will be held weekly.
Richard Snow, of the music depart
ment of San Jose High School, will
assist Dr. Martin in directing, and
Francis W. Martin, '29, has been
chosen business manager. Lloyd M.
Smith, '29, is to serve as assistant
business manager.
Dr. Martin says that there is still
room for two clarinets, saxophones,
and altos, and one oboe, bassoon,
trumpet, slide trombone, and a bass
horn.
