# Placement Head Wins Croup Post
## 
### 
Eugene W. Dils, dirrtoi'i of the
Stanford Placement Service, was
elected president of the Western
College Placement and Recruitment
A sociation last week at. the or
ganization's annual conference in
Phoenix.
He will serve a two-year term
succeeding Florence B. Watt, Bu
reau of Employment director at the
University of Southern California
Eugene W. Dils, dirrtoi'i of the
Stanford Placement Service, was
elected president of the Western
College Placement and Recruitment
A sociation last week at. the or
ganization's annual conference in
Phoenix.
He will serve a two-year term
succeeding Florence B. Watt, Bu
reau of Employment director at the
University of Southern California
Eugene W. Dils, dirrtoi'i of the
Stanford Placement Service, was
elected president of the Western
College Placement and Recruitment
A sociation last week at. the or
ganization's annual conference in
Phoenix.
He will serve a two-year term
succeeding Florence B. Watt, Bu
reau of Employment director at the
University of Southern California
Eugene W. Dils, dirrtoi'i of the
Stanford Placement Service, was
elected president of the Western
College Placement and Recruitment
A sociation last week at. the or
ganization's annual conference in
Phoenix.
He will serve a two-year term
succeeding Florence B. Watt, Bu
reau of Employment director at the
University of Southern California
Eugene W. Dils, dirrtoi'i of the
Stanford Placement Service, was
elected president of the Western
College Placement and Recruitment
A sociation last week at. the or
ganization's annual conference in
Phoenix.
He will serve a two-year term
succeeding Florence B. Watt, Bu
reau of Employment director at the
University of Southern California
Eugene W. Dils, dirrtoi'i of the
Stanford Placement Service, was
elected president of the Western
College Placement and Recruitment
A sociation last week at. the or
ganization's annual conference in
Phoenix.
He will serve a two-year term
succeeding Florence B. Watt, Bu
reau of Employment director at the
University of Southern California
Eugene W. Dils, dirrtoi'i of the
Stanford Placement Service, was
elected president of the Western
College Placement and Recruitment
A sociation last week at. the or
ganization's annual conference in
Phoenix.
He will serve a two-year term
succeeding Florence B. Watt, Bu
reau of Employment director at the
University of Southern California
Eugene W. Dils, dirrtoi'i of the
Stanford Placement Service, was
elected president of the Western
College Placement and Recruitment
A sociation last week at. the or
ganization's annual conference in
Phoenix.
He will serve a two-year term
succeeding Florence B. Watt, Bu
reau of Employment director at the
University of Southern California
Eugene W. Dils, dirrtoi'i of the
Stanford Placement Service, was
elected president of the Western
College Placement and Recruitment
A sociation last week at. the or
ganization's annual conference in
Phoenix.
He will serve a two-year term
succeeding Florence B. Watt, Bu
reau of Employment director at the
University of Southern California
Eugene W. Dils, dirrtoi'i of the
Stanford Placement Service, was
elected president of the Western
College Placement and Recruitment
A sociation last week at. the or
ganization's annual conference in
Phoenix.
He will serve a two-year term
succeeding Florence B. Watt, Bu
reau of Employment director at the
University of Southern California
Eugene W. Dils, dirrtoi'i of the
Stanford Placement Service, was
elected president of the Western
College Placement and Recruitment
A sociation last week at. the or
ganization's annual conference in
Phoenix.
He will serve a two-year term
succeeding Florence B. Watt, Bu
reau of Employment director at the
University of Southern California
Eugene W. Dils, dirrtoi'i of the
Stanford Placement Service, was
elected president of the Western
College Placement and Recruitment
A sociation last week at. the or
ganization's annual conference in
Phoenix.
He will serve a two-year term
succeeding Florence B. Watt, Bu
reau of Employment director at the
University of Southern California
Eugene W. Dils, dirrtoi'i of the
Stanford Placement Service, was
elected president of the Western
College Placement and Recruitment
A sociation last week at. the or
ganization's annual conference in
Phoenix.
He will serve a two-year term
succeeding Florence B. Watt, Bu
reau of Employment director at the
University of Southern California
Eugene W. Dils, dirrtoi'i of the
Stanford Placement Service, was
elected president of the Western
College Placement and Recruitment
A sociation last week at. the or
ganization's annual conference in
Phoenix.
He will serve a two-year term
succeeding Florence B. Watt, Bu
reau of Employment director at the
University of Southern California
Eugene W. Dils, dirrtoi'i of the
Stanford Placement Service, was
elected president of the Western
College Placement and Recruitment
A sociation last week at. the or
ganization's annual conference in
Phoenix.
He will serve a two-year term
succeeding Florence B. Watt, Bu
reau of Employment director at the
University of Southern California
