# Untitled Article
## 
### 
J. M. Ostrander, '15, is holding a
responsible position in the bank of
Glendora.
J. M. Ostrander, '15, is holding a
responsible position in the bank of
Glendora.
J. M. Ostrander, '15, is holding a
responsible position in the bank of
Glendora.
J. M. Ostrander, '15, is holding a
responsible position in the bank of
Glendora.
J. M. Ostrander, '15, is holding a
responsible position in the bank of
Glendora.
J. M. Ostrander, '15, is holding a
responsible position in the bank of
Glendora.
J. M. Ostrander, '15, is holding a
responsible position in the bank of
Glendora.
J. M. Ostrander, '15, is holding a
responsible position in the bank of
Glendora.
J. M. Ostrander, '15, is holding a
responsible position in the bank of
Glendora.
J. M. Ostrander, '15, is holding a
responsible position in the bank of
Glendora.
J. M. Ostrander, '15, is holding a
responsible position in the bank of
Glendora.
J. M. Ostrander, '15, is holding a
responsible position in the bank of
Glendora.
J. M. Ostrander, '15, is holding a
responsible position in the bank of
Glendora.
