# West Lecturer to Deliver Sermon
## 
### 
Reverend Dr. Slavery, pastor of (ho
Grace church, New York City, who is
now on the campus as the lecturer
under the West Memorial Foundation,
will deliver the serin ti in the Memo
rial church Sunday movning. The
anthem, "I Am Alpha and Omsya," will
be sung by Miss Helen Kegley, while
Leslie McCormick will sinp "'Teach Me
to Pray." The services will be held
at the usual hour, eleven o'clock.
Reverend Dr. Slavery, pastor of (ho
Grace church, New York City, who is
now on the campus as the lecturer
under the West Memorial Foundation,
will deliver the serin ti in the Memo
rial church Sunday movning. The
anthem, "I Am Alpha and Omsya," will
be sung by Miss Helen Kegley, while
Leslie McCormick will sinp "'Teach Me
to Pray." The services will be held
at the usual hour, eleven o'clock.
Reverend Dr. Slavery, pastor of (ho
Grace church, New York City, who is
now on the campus as the lecturer
under the West Memorial Foundation,
will deliver the serin ti in the Memo
rial church Sunday movning. The
anthem, "I Am Alpha and Omsya," will
be sung by Miss Helen Kegley, while
Leslie McCormick will sinp "'Teach Me
to Pray." The services will be held
at the usual hour, eleven o'clock.
Reverend Dr. Slavery, pastor of (ho
Grace church, New York City, who is
now on the campus as the lecturer
under the West Memorial Foundation,
will deliver the serin ti in the Memo
rial church Sunday movning. The
anthem, "I Am Alpha and Omsya," will
be sung by Miss Helen Kegley, while
Leslie McCormick will sinp "'Teach Me
to Pray." The services will be held
at the usual hour, eleven o'clock.
Reverend Dr. Slavery, pastor of (ho
Grace church, New York City, who is
now on the campus as the lecturer
under the West Memorial Foundation,
will deliver the serin ti in the Memo
rial church Sunday movning. The
anthem, "I Am Alpha and Omsya," will
be sung by Miss Helen Kegley, while
Leslie McCormick will sinp "'Teach Me
to Pray." The services will be held
at the usual hour, eleven o'clock.
Reverend Dr. Slavery, pastor of (ho
Grace church, New York City, who is
now on the campus as the lecturer
under the West Memorial Foundation,
will deliver the serin ti in the Memo
rial church Sunday movning. The
anthem, "I Am Alpha and Omsya," will
be sung by Miss Helen Kegley, while
Leslie McCormick will sinp "'Teach Me
to Pray." The services will be held
at the usual hour, eleven o'clock.
Reverend Dr. Slavery, pastor of (ho
Grace church, New York City, who is
now on the campus as the lecturer
under the West Memorial Foundation,
will deliver the serin ti in the Memo
rial church Sunday movning. The
anthem, "I Am Alpha and Omsya," will
be sung by Miss Helen Kegley, while
Leslie McCormick will sinp "'Teach Me
to Pray." The services will be held
at the usual hour, eleven o'clock.
Reverend Dr. Slavery, pastor of (ho
Grace church, New York City, who is
now on the campus as the lecturer
under the West Memorial Foundation,
will deliver the serin ti in the Memo
rial church Sunday movning. The
anthem, "I Am Alpha and Omsya," will
be sung by Miss Helen Kegley, while
Leslie McCormick will sinp "'Teach Me
to Pray." The services will be held
at the usual hour, eleven o'clock.
Reverend Dr. Slavery, pastor of (ho
Grace church, New York City, who is
now on the campus as the lecturer
under the West Memorial Foundation,
will deliver the serin ti in the Memo
rial church Sunday movning. The
anthem, "I Am Alpha and Omsya," will
be sung by Miss Helen Kegley, while
Leslie McCormick will sinp "'Teach Me
to Pray." The services will be held
at the usual hour, eleven o'clock.
Reverend Dr. Slavery, pastor of (ho
Grace church, New York City, who is
now on the campus as the lecturer
under the West Memorial Foundation,
will deliver the serin ti in the Memo
rial church Sunday movning. The
anthem, "I Am Alpha and Omsya," will
be sung by Miss Helen Kegley, while
Leslie McCormick will sinp "'Teach Me
to Pray." The services will be held
at the usual hour, eleven o'clock.
Reverend Dr. Slavery, pastor of (ho
Grace church, New York City, who is
now on the campus as the lecturer
under the West Memorial Foundation,
will deliver the serin ti in the Memo
rial church Sunday movning. The
anthem, "I Am Alpha and Omsya," will
be sung by Miss Helen Kegley, while
Leslie McCormick will sinp "'Teach Me
to Pray." The services will be held
at the usual hour, eleven o'clock.
Reverend Dr. Slavery, pastor of (ho
Grace church, New York City, who is
now on the campus as the lecturer
under the West Memorial Foundation,
will deliver the serin ti in the Memo
rial church Sunday movning. The
anthem, "I Am Alpha and Omsya," will
be sung by Miss Helen Kegley, while
Leslie McCormick will sinp "'Teach Me
to Pray." The services will be held
at the usual hour, eleven o'clock.
Reverend Dr. Slavery, pastor of (ho
Grace church, New York City, who is
now on the campus as the lecturer
under the West Memorial Foundation,
will deliver the serin ti in the Memo
rial church Sunday movning. The
anthem, "I Am Alpha and Omsya," will
be sung by Miss Helen Kegley, while
Leslie McCormick will sinp "'Teach Me
to Pray." The services will be held
at the usual hour, eleven o'clock.
