# Police Granted Radio license
## 
### 
Palo Alto police were last night
notified by telegram that the Fed
eral Radio Commission has granted
them a license to operate a short
wave radio transmitter. Similar to
.stations operated by other police de
partments throughout the country,
Palo Alto's new station will operate
on a carrier wave of 1674 kilocycles
with 20 watts power.
The transmitter, constructed in the
radio laboratories of the University
under the supervision of Dr. F. E.
Terman, associate professor of elec
trical engineering, and Jim Sharpe,
assistant in the radio lab, is com
pleted with the exception of tuning
the antenna. It will be ready for use
when the receivers, which have been
ordered but have not arrived, are
delivered and installd in patrol cars.
Present plans of the police depart
ment call for two patrol cars to op
crate on the campus, while three
more cover the Palo Alto and May
field districts. Menlo Park and Ath
erton are also expected to make use
of the station within the next few
months.
The transmitter will be located at
police headquarters in Palo Alto, and
orders will be sent the patrol cars
from that point.
