# Bird Movies to Be Shown At Ornithological Meet
## 
### 
Presenting his moving pictures of
birds peculiar to the Stanford cam
pus, John Price, zoology graduate,
will be featured at ihe meeting of
the Stanford Division of the Cooper
Ornithological Club tomorrow night.
The meeting is scheduled for 8
o'clock in Room 430 of the Zoology
Building, with a short business ses
sion conducted by Dr. Willis Rich,
chapter president, preceding the pro
gram. Anyone interested in birds is
invited to attend.
Presenting his moving pictures of
birds peculiar to the Stanford cam
pus, John Price, zoology graduate,
will be featured at ihe meeting of
the Stanford Division of the Cooper
Ornithological Club tomorrow night.
The meeting is scheduled for 8
o'clock in Room 430 of the Zoology
Building, with a short business ses
sion conducted by Dr. Willis Rich,
chapter president, preceding the pro
gram. Anyone interested in birds is
invited to attend.
Presenting his moving pictures of
birds peculiar to the Stanford cam
pus, John Price, zoology graduate,
will be featured at ihe meeting of
the Stanford Division of the Cooper
Ornithological Club tomorrow night.
The meeting is scheduled for 8
o'clock in Room 430 of the Zoology
Building, with a short business ses
sion conducted by Dr. Willis Rich,
chapter president, preceding the pro
gram. Anyone interested in birds is
invited to attend.
Presenting his moving pictures of
birds peculiar to the Stanford cam
pus, John Price, zoology graduate,
will be featured at ihe meeting of
the Stanford Division of the Cooper
Ornithological Club tomorrow night.
The meeting is scheduled for 8
o'clock in Room 430 of the Zoology
Building, with a short business ses
sion conducted by Dr. Willis Rich,
chapter president, preceding the pro
gram. Anyone interested in birds is
invited to attend.
Presenting his moving pictures of
birds peculiar to the Stanford cam
pus, John Price, zoology graduate,
will be featured at ihe meeting of
the Stanford Division of the Cooper
Ornithological Club tomorrow night.
The meeting is scheduled for 8
o'clock in Room 430 of the Zoology
Building, with a short business ses
sion conducted by Dr. Willis Rich,
chapter president, preceding the pro
gram. Anyone interested in birds is
invited to attend.
Presenting his moving pictures of
birds peculiar to the Stanford cam
pus, John Price, zoology graduate,
will be featured at ihe meeting of
the Stanford Division of the Cooper
Ornithological Club tomorrow night.
The meeting is scheduled for 8
o'clock in Room 430 of the Zoology
Building, with a short business ses
sion conducted by Dr. Willis Rich,
chapter president, preceding the pro
gram. Anyone interested in birds is
invited to attend.
Presenting his moving pictures of
birds peculiar to the Stanford cam
pus, John Price, zoology graduate,
will be featured at ihe meeting of
the Stanford Division of the Cooper
Ornithological Club tomorrow night.
The meeting is scheduled for 8
o'clock in Room 430 of the Zoology
Building, with a short business ses
sion conducted by Dr. Willis Rich,
chapter president, preceding the pro
gram. Anyone interested in birds is
invited to attend.
Presenting his moving pictures of
birds peculiar to the Stanford cam
pus, John Price, zoology graduate,
will be featured at ihe meeting of
the Stanford Division of the Cooper
Ornithological Club tomorrow night.
The meeting is scheduled for 8
o'clock in Room 430 of the Zoology
Building, with a short business ses
sion conducted by Dr. Willis Rich,
chapter president, preceding the pro
gram. Anyone interested in birds is
invited to attend.
Presenting his moving pictures of
birds peculiar to the Stanford cam
pus, John Price, zoology graduate,
will be featured at ihe meeting of
the Stanford Division of the Cooper
Ornithological Club tomorrow night.
The meeting is scheduled for 8
o'clock in Room 430 of the Zoology
Building, with a short business ses
sion conducted by Dr. Willis Rich,
chapter president, preceding the pro
gram. Anyone interested in birds is
invited to attend.
Presenting his moving pictures of
birds peculiar to the Stanford cam
pus, John Price, zoology graduate,
will be featured at ihe meeting of
the Stanford Division of the Cooper
Ornithological Club tomorrow night.
The meeting is scheduled for 8
o'clock in Room 430 of the Zoology
Building, with a short business ses
sion conducted by Dr. Willis Rich,
chapter president, preceding the pro
gram. Anyone interested in birds is
invited to attend.
Presenting his moving pictures of
birds peculiar to the Stanford cam
pus, John Price, zoology graduate,
will be featured at ihe meeting of
the Stanford Division of the Cooper
Ornithological Club tomorrow night.
The meeting is scheduled for 8
o'clock in Room 430 of the Zoology
Building, with a short business ses
sion conducted by Dr. Willis Rich,
chapter president, preceding the pro
gram. Anyone interested in birds is
invited to attend.
Presenting his moving pictures of
birds peculiar to the Stanford cam
pus, John Price, zoology graduate,
will be featured at ihe meeting of
the Stanford Division of the Cooper
Ornithological Club tomorrow night.
The meeting is scheduled for 8
o'clock in Room 430 of the Zoology
Building, with a short business ses
sion conducted by Dr. Willis Rich,
chapter president, preceding the pro
gram. Anyone interested in birds is
invited to attend.
Presenting his moving pictures of
birds peculiar to the Stanford cam
pus, John Price, zoology graduate,
will be featured at ihe meeting of
the Stanford Division of the Cooper
Ornithological Club tomorrow night.
The meeting is scheduled for 8
o'clock in Room 430 of the Zoology
Building, with a short business ses
sion conducted by Dr. Willis Rich,
chapter president, preceding the pro
gram. Anyone interested in birds is
invited to attend.
Presenting his moving pictures of
birds peculiar to the Stanford cam
pus, John Price, zoology graduate,
will be featured at ihe meeting of
the Stanford Division of the Cooper
Ornithological Club tomorrow night.
The meeting is scheduled for 8
o'clock in Room 430 of the Zoology
Building, with a short business ses
sion conducted by Dr. Willis Rich,
chapter president, preceding the pro
gram. Anyone interested in birds is
invited to attend.
Presenting his moving pictures of
birds peculiar to the Stanford cam
pus, John Price, zoology graduate,
will be featured at ihe meeting of
the Stanford Division of the Cooper
Ornithological Club tomorrow night.
The meeting is scheduled for 8
o'clock in Room 430 of the Zoology
Building, with a short business ses
sion conducted by Dr. Willis Rich,
chapter president, preceding the pro
gram. Anyone interested in birds is
invited to attend.
