# Debate Men Win in South
## 
### 
Two more moral victories were
chalked up by Stanford's debating
quartet in Southern California when
they met L,os Angeles Junior College
and Glendale Junior College teams
Tuesday, wired Dave Mellinkoff from
Los Angeles yesterday.
"Resolved, 'Chat the powers of the
President should be substantially in
creased as a settled policy," is the
question being debated. Meeting the
Los Angeles debaters Tuesday after
noon, the Cards presented negative
arguments, while the affirmative was
upheld that evening at Glendale.
Following the evening debate the;
Stanford men were entertained at a
reception by the principal of the
school.
Fred Bold, Andy Bright, Herschcl
Champlin, and MellinkolT are making
(he southern tour.
Two more moral victories were
chalked up by Stanford's debating
quartet in Southern California when
they met L,os Angeles Junior College
and Glendale Junior College teams
Tuesday, wired Dave Mellinkoff from
Los Angeles yesterday.
"Resolved, 'Chat the powers of the
President should be substantially in
creased as a settled policy," is the
question being debated. Meeting the
Los Angeles debaters Tuesday after
noon, the Cards presented negative
arguments, while the affirmative was
upheld that evening at Glendale.
Following the evening debate the;
Stanford men were entertained at a
reception by the principal of the
school.
Fred Bold, Andy Bright, Herschcl
Champlin, and MellinkolT are making
(he southern tour.
Two more moral victories were
chalked up by Stanford's debating
quartet in Southern California when
they met L,os Angeles Junior College
and Glendale Junior College teams
Tuesday, wired Dave Mellinkoff from
Los Angeles yesterday.
"Resolved, 'Chat the powers of the
President should be substantially in
creased as a settled policy," is the
question being debated. Meeting the
Los Angeles debaters Tuesday after
noon, the Cards presented negative
arguments, while the affirmative was
upheld that evening at Glendale.
Following the evening debate the;
Stanford men were entertained at a
reception by the principal of the
school.
Fred Bold, Andy Bright, Herschcl
Champlin, and MellinkolT are making
(he southern tour.
Two more moral victories were
chalked up by Stanford's debating
quartet in Southern California when
they met L,os Angeles Junior College
and Glendale Junior College teams
Tuesday, wired Dave Mellinkoff from
Los Angeles yesterday.
"Resolved, 'Chat the powers of the
President should be substantially in
creased as a settled policy," is the
question being debated. Meeting the
Los Angeles debaters Tuesday after
noon, the Cards presented negative
arguments, while the affirmative was
upheld that evening at Glendale.
Following the evening debate the;
Stanford men were entertained at a
reception by the principal of the
school.
Fred Bold, Andy Bright, Herschcl
Champlin, and MellinkolT are making
(he southern tour.
Two more moral victories were
chalked up by Stanford's debating
quartet in Southern California when
they met L,os Angeles Junior College
and Glendale Junior College teams
Tuesday, wired Dave Mellinkoff from
Los Angeles yesterday.
"Resolved, 'Chat the powers of the
President should be substantially in
creased as a settled policy," is the
question being debated. Meeting the
Los Angeles debaters Tuesday after
noon, the Cards presented negative
arguments, while the affirmative was
upheld that evening at Glendale.
Following the evening debate the;
Stanford men were entertained at a
reception by the principal of the
school.
Fred Bold, Andy Bright, Herschcl
Champlin, and MellinkolT are making
(he southern tour.
Two more moral victories were
chalked up by Stanford's debating
quartet in Southern California when
they met L,os Angeles Junior College
and Glendale Junior College teams
Tuesday, wired Dave Mellinkoff from
Los Angeles yesterday.
"Resolved, 'Chat the powers of the
President should be substantially in
creased as a settled policy," is the
question being debated. Meeting the
Los Angeles debaters Tuesday after
noon, the Cards presented negative
arguments, while the affirmative was
upheld that evening at Glendale.
Following the evening debate the;
Stanford men were entertained at a
reception by the principal of the
school.
Fred Bold, Andy Bright, Herschcl
Champlin, and MellinkolT are making
(he southern tour.
Two more moral victories were
chalked up by Stanford's debating
quartet in Southern California when
they met L,os Angeles Junior College
and Glendale Junior College teams
Tuesday, wired Dave Mellinkoff from
Los Angeles yesterday.
"Resolved, 'Chat the powers of the
President should be substantially in
creased as a settled policy," is the
question being debated. Meeting the
Los Angeles debaters Tuesday after
noon, the Cards presented negative
arguments, while the affirmative was
upheld that evening at Glendale.
Following the evening debate the;
Stanford men were entertained at a
reception by the principal of the
school.
Fred Bold, Andy Bright, Herschcl
Champlin, and MellinkolT are making
(he southern tour.
Two more moral victories were
chalked up by Stanford's debating
quartet in Southern California when
they met L,os Angeles Junior College
and Glendale Junior College teams
Tuesday, wired Dave Mellinkoff from
Los Angeles yesterday.
"Resolved, 'Chat the powers of the
President should be substantially in
creased as a settled policy," is the
question being debated. Meeting the
Los Angeles debaters Tuesday after
noon, the Cards presented negative
arguments, while the affirmative was
upheld that evening at Glendale.
Following the evening debate the;
Stanford men were entertained at a
reception by the principal of the
school.
Fred Bold, Andy Bright, Herschcl
Champlin, and MellinkolT are making
(he southern tour.
Two more moral victories were
chalked up by Stanford's debating
quartet in Southern California when
they met L,os Angeles Junior College
and Glendale Junior College teams
Tuesday, wired Dave Mellinkoff from
Los Angeles yesterday.
"Resolved, 'Chat the powers of the
President should be substantially in
creased as a settled policy," is the
question being debated. Meeting the
Los Angeles debaters Tuesday after
noon, the Cards presented negative
arguments, while the affirmative was
upheld that evening at Glendale.
Following the evening debate the;
Stanford men were entertained at a
reception by the principal of the
school.
Fred Bold, Andy Bright, Herschcl
Champlin, and MellinkolT are making
(he southern tour.
Two more moral victories were
chalked up by Stanford's debating
quartet in Southern California when
they met L,os Angeles Junior College
and Glendale Junior College teams
Tuesday, wired Dave Mellinkoff from
Los Angeles yesterday.
"Resolved, 'Chat the powers of the
President should be substantially in
creased as a settled policy," is the
question being debated. Meeting the
Los Angeles debaters Tuesday after
noon, the Cards presented negative
arguments, while the affirmative was
upheld that evening at Glendale.
Following the evening debate the;
Stanford men were entertained at a
reception by the principal of the
school.
Fred Bold, Andy Bright, Herschcl
Champlin, and MellinkolT are making
(he southern tour.
Two more moral victories were
chalked up by Stanford's debating
quartet in Southern California when
they met L,os Angeles Junior College
and Glendale Junior College teams
Tuesday, wired Dave Mellinkoff from
Los Angeles yesterday.
"Resolved, 'Chat the powers of the
President should be substantially in
creased as a settled policy," is the
question being debated. Meeting the
Los Angeles debaters Tuesday after
noon, the Cards presented negative
arguments, while the affirmative was
upheld that evening at Glendale.
Following the evening debate the;
Stanford men were entertained at a
reception by the principal of the
school.
Fred Bold, Andy Bright, Herschcl
Champlin, and MellinkolT are making
(he southern tour.
Two more moral victories were
chalked up by Stanford's debating
quartet in Southern California when
they met L,os Angeles Junior College
and Glendale Junior College teams
Tuesday, wired Dave Mellinkoff from
Los Angeles yesterday.
"Resolved, 'Chat the powers of the
President should be substantially in
creased as a settled policy," is the
question being debated. Meeting the
Los Angeles debaters Tuesday after
noon, the Cards presented negative
arguments, while the affirmative was
upheld that evening at Glendale.
Following the evening debate the;
Stanford men were entertained at a
reception by the principal of the
school.
Fred Bold, Andy Bright, Herschcl
Champlin, and MellinkolT are making
(he southern tour.
Two more moral victories were
chalked up by Stanford's debating
quartet in Southern California when
they met L,os Angeles Junior College
and Glendale Junior College teams
Tuesday, wired Dave Mellinkoff from
Los Angeles yesterday.
"Resolved, 'Chat the powers of the
President should be substantially in
creased as a settled policy," is the
question being debated. Meeting the
Los Angeles debaters Tuesday after
noon, the Cards presented negative
arguments, while the affirmative was
upheld that evening at Glendale.
Following the evening debate the;
Stanford men were entertained at a
reception by the principal of the
school.
Fred Bold, Andy Bright, Herschcl
Champlin, and MellinkolT are making
(he southern tour.
Two more moral victories were
chalked up by Stanford's debating
quartet in Southern California when
they met L,os Angeles Junior College
and Glendale Junior College teams
Tuesday, wired Dave Mellinkoff from
Los Angeles yesterday.
"Resolved, 'Chat the powers of the
President should be substantially in
creased as a settled policy," is the
question being debated. Meeting the
Los Angeles debaters Tuesday after
noon, the Cards presented negative
arguments, while the affirmative was
upheld that evening at Glendale.
Following the evening debate the;
Stanford men were entertained at a
reception by the principal of the
school.
Fred Bold, Andy Bright, Herschcl
Champlin, and MellinkolT are making
(he southern tour.
Two more moral victories were
chalked up by Stanford's debating
quartet in Southern California when
they met L,os Angeles Junior College
and Glendale Junior College teams
Tuesday, wired Dave Mellinkoff from
Los Angeles yesterday.
"Resolved, 'Chat the powers of the
President should be substantially in
creased as a settled policy," is the
question being debated. Meeting the
Los Angeles debaters Tuesday after
noon, the Cards presented negative
arguments, while the affirmative was
upheld that evening at Glendale.
Following the evening debate the;
Stanford men were entertained at a
reception by the principal of the
school.
Fred Bold, Andy Bright, Herschcl
Champlin, and MellinkolT are making
(he southern tour.
