# Adv. 18 Page 4
## 
### 
SPACE
yesterday did not permit
listing U. of Minn. Band,
Yale U. Bell? and other
participants in the colossal
new 1812.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. DA 3-5791
SPACE
yesterday did not permit
listing U. of Minn. Band,
Yale U. Bell? and other
participants in the colossal
new 1812.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. DA 3-5791
SPACE
yesterday did not permit
listing U. of Minn. Band,
Yale U. Bell? and other
participants in the colossal
new 1812.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. DA 3-5791
SPACE
yesterday did not permit
listing U. of Minn. Band,
Yale U. Bell? and other
participants in the colossal
new 1812.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. DA 3-5791
SPACE
yesterday did not permit
listing U. of Minn. Band,
Yale U. Bell? and other
participants in the colossal
new 1812.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. DA 3-5791
SPACE
yesterday did not permit
listing U. of Minn. Band,
Yale U. Bell? and other
participants in the colossal
new 1812.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. DA 3-5791
SPACE
yesterday did not permit
listing U. of Minn. Band,
Yale U. Bell? and other
participants in the colossal
new 1812.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. DA 3-5791
SPACE
yesterday did not permit
listing U. of Minn. Band,
Yale U. Bell? and other
participants in the colossal
new 1812.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. DA 3-5791
SPACE
yesterday did not permit
listing U. of Minn. Band,
Yale U. Bell? and other
participants in the colossal
new 1812.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. DA 3-5791
SPACE
yesterday did not permit
listing U. of Minn. Band,
Yale U. Bell? and other
participants in the colossal
new 1812.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. DA 3-5791
SPACE
yesterday did not permit
listing U. of Minn. Band,
Yale U. Bell? and other
participants in the colossal
new 1812.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. DA 3-5791
SPACE
yesterday did not permit
listing U. of Minn. Band,
Yale U. Bell? and other
participants in the colossal
new 1812.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. DA 3-5791
SPACE
yesterday did not permit
listing U. of Minn. Band,
Yale U. Bell? and other
participants in the colossal
new 1812.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. DA 3-5791
SPACE
yesterday did not permit
listing U. of Minn. Band,
Yale U. Bell? and other
participants in the colossal
new 1812.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. DA 3-5791
SPACE
yesterday did not permit
listing U. of Minn. Band,
Yale U. Bell? and other
participants in the colossal
new 1812.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. DA 3-5791
