# Jordan House
## 
### 
New Jordan House officers are:
President, Nancy Roselyn; vice
president, Beverly Brown; secre
tary, Judy Sproul; treasurer, Ka
ren Peterson; committee of nine
member, Carolyn Fratessa; and
social chairman, Judy Raymona.
New Jordan House officers are:
President, Nancy Roselyn; vice
president, Beverly Brown; secre
tary, Judy Sproul; treasurer, Ka
ren Peterson; committee of nine
member, Carolyn Fratessa; and
social chairman, Judy Raymona.
New Jordan House officers are:
President, Nancy Roselyn; vice
president, Beverly Brown; secre
tary, Judy Sproul; treasurer, Ka
ren Peterson; committee of nine
member, Carolyn Fratessa; and
social chairman, Judy Raymona.
New Jordan House officers are:
President, Nancy Roselyn; vice
president, Beverly Brown; secre
tary, Judy Sproul; treasurer, Ka
ren Peterson; committee of nine
member, Carolyn Fratessa; and
social chairman, Judy Raymona.
New Jordan House officers are:
President, Nancy Roselyn; vice
president, Beverly Brown; secre
tary, Judy Sproul; treasurer, Ka
ren Peterson; committee of nine
member, Carolyn Fratessa; and
social chairman, Judy Raymona.
New Jordan House officers are:
President, Nancy Roselyn; vice
president, Beverly Brown; secre
tary, Judy Sproul; treasurer, Ka
ren Peterson; committee of nine
member, Carolyn Fratessa; and
social chairman, Judy Raymona.
New Jordan House officers are:
President, Nancy Roselyn; vice
president, Beverly Brown; secre
tary, Judy Sproul; treasurer, Ka
ren Peterson; committee of nine
member, Carolyn Fratessa; and
social chairman, Judy Raymona.
New Jordan House officers are:
President, Nancy Roselyn; vice
president, Beverly Brown; secre
tary, Judy Sproul; treasurer, Ka
ren Peterson; committee of nine
member, Carolyn Fratessa; and
social chairman, Judy Raymona.
New Jordan House officers are:
President, Nancy Roselyn; vice
president, Beverly Brown; secre
tary, Judy Sproul; treasurer, Ka
ren Peterson; committee of nine
member, Carolyn Fratessa; and
social chairman, Judy Raymona.
New Jordan House officers are:
President, Nancy Roselyn; vice
president, Beverly Brown; secre
tary, Judy Sproul; treasurer, Ka
ren Peterson; committee of nine
member, Carolyn Fratessa; and
social chairman, Judy Raymona.
New Jordan House officers are:
President, Nancy Roselyn; vice
president, Beverly Brown; secre
tary, Judy Sproul; treasurer, Ka
ren Peterson; committee of nine
member, Carolyn Fratessa; and
social chairman, Judy Raymona.
New Jordan House officers are:
President, Nancy Roselyn; vice
president, Beverly Brown; secre
tary, Judy Sproul; treasurer, Ka
ren Peterson; committee of nine
member, Carolyn Fratessa; and
social chairman, Judy Raymona.
New Jordan House officers are:
President, Nancy Roselyn; vice
president, Beverly Brown; secre
tary, Judy Sproul; treasurer, Ka
ren Peterson; committee of nine
member, Carolyn Fratessa; and
social chairman, Judy Raymona.
New Jordan House officers are:
President, Nancy Roselyn; vice
president, Beverly Brown; secre
tary, Judy Sproul; treasurer, Ka
ren Peterson; committee of nine
member, Carolyn Fratessa; and
social chairman, Judy Raymona.
New Jordan House officers are:
President, Nancy Roselyn; vice
president, Beverly Brown; secre
tary, Judy Sproul; treasurer, Ka
ren Peterson; committee of nine
member, Carolyn Fratessa; and
social chairman, Judy Raymona.
