# Kappa Alpha
## 
### 
Kappa A 1p h a fraternity an
nounces the following election re
sults: Bob Hyde, president; Jon
Meyer, vice-president; Bill Lang,
secretary; and Phil Hughes and
Bill Carls, rushing chairmen.
Kappa A 1p h a fraternity an
nounces the following election re
sults: Bob Hyde, president; Jon
Meyer, vice-president; Bill Lang,
secretary; and Phil Hughes and
Bill Carls, rushing chairmen.
Kappa A 1p h a fraternity an
nounces the following election re
sults: Bob Hyde, president; Jon
Meyer, vice-president; Bill Lang,
secretary; and Phil Hughes and
Bill Carls, rushing chairmen.
Kappa A 1p h a fraternity an
nounces the following election re
sults: Bob Hyde, president; Jon
Meyer, vice-president; Bill Lang,
secretary; and Phil Hughes and
Bill Carls, rushing chairmen.
Kappa A 1p h a fraternity an
nounces the following election re
sults: Bob Hyde, president; Jon
Meyer, vice-president; Bill Lang,
secretary; and Phil Hughes and
Bill Carls, rushing chairmen.
Kappa A 1p h a fraternity an
nounces the following election re
sults: Bob Hyde, president; Jon
Meyer, vice-president; Bill Lang,
secretary; and Phil Hughes and
Bill Carls, rushing chairmen.
Kappa A 1p h a fraternity an
nounces the following election re
sults: Bob Hyde, president; Jon
Meyer, vice-president; Bill Lang,
secretary; and Phil Hughes and
Bill Carls, rushing chairmen.
Kappa A 1p h a fraternity an
nounces the following election re
sults: Bob Hyde, president; Jon
Meyer, vice-president; Bill Lang,
secretary; and Phil Hughes and
Bill Carls, rushing chairmen.
Kappa A 1p h a fraternity an
nounces the following election re
sults: Bob Hyde, president; Jon
Meyer, vice-president; Bill Lang,
secretary; and Phil Hughes and
Bill Carls, rushing chairmen.
Kappa A 1p h a fraternity an
nounces the following election re
sults: Bob Hyde, president; Jon
Meyer, vice-president; Bill Lang,
secretary; and Phil Hughes and
Bill Carls, rushing chairmen.
Kappa A 1p h a fraternity an
nounces the following election re
sults: Bob Hyde, president; Jon
Meyer, vice-president; Bill Lang,
secretary; and Phil Hughes and
Bill Carls, rushing chairmen.
Kappa A 1p h a fraternity an
nounces the following election re
sults: Bob Hyde, president; Jon
Meyer, vice-president; Bill Lang,
secretary; and Phil Hughes and
Bill Carls, rushing chairmen.
Kappa A 1p h a fraternity an
nounces the following election re
sults: Bob Hyde, president; Jon
Meyer, vice-president; Bill Lang,
secretary; and Phil Hughes and
Bill Carls, rushing chairmen.
Kappa A 1p h a fraternity an
nounces the following election re
sults: Bob Hyde, president; Jon
Meyer, vice-president; Bill Lang,
secretary; and Phil Hughes and
Bill Carls, rushing chairmen.
Kappa A 1p h a fraternity an
nounces the following election re
sults: Bob Hyde, president; Jon
Meyer, vice-president; Bill Lang,
secretary; and Phil Hughes and
Bill Carls, rushing chairmen.
