# Mural Notice
## 
### 
The intramural table • tennis
tourney must be finished Ibis
week, according to Elwyn Bugge,
director of intramural activities.
The intramural table • tennis
tourney must be finished Ibis
week, according to Elwyn Bugge,
director of intramural activities.
The intramural table • tennis
tourney must be finished Ibis
week, according to Elwyn Bugge,
director of intramural activities.
The intramural table • tennis
tourney must be finished Ibis
week, according to Elwyn Bugge,
director of intramural activities.
The intramural table • tennis
tourney must be finished Ibis
week, according to Elwyn Bugge,
director of intramural activities.
The intramural table • tennis
tourney must be finished Ibis
week, according to Elwyn Bugge,
director of intramural activities.
The intramural table • tennis
tourney must be finished Ibis
week, according to Elwyn Bugge,
director of intramural activities.
The intramural table • tennis
tourney must be finished Ibis
week, according to Elwyn Bugge,
director of intramural activities.
The intramural table • tennis
tourney must be finished Ibis
week, according to Elwyn Bugge,
director of intramural activities.
The intramural table • tennis
tourney must be finished Ibis
week, according to Elwyn Bugge,
director of intramural activities.
The intramural table • tennis
tourney must be finished Ibis
week, according to Elwyn Bugge,
director of intramural activities.
The intramural table • tennis
tourney must be finished Ibis
week, according to Elwyn Bugge,
director of intramural activities.
The intramural table • tennis
tourney must be finished Ibis
week, according to Elwyn Bugge,
director of intramural activities.
The intramural table • tennis
tourney must be finished Ibis
week, according to Elwyn Bugge,
director of intramural activities.
The intramural table • tennis
tourney must be finished Ibis
week, according to Elwyn Bugge,
director of intramural activities.
