# DRAMA CLASS GIVES FINAL PLAYS TONIGHT
## 
### 
Miss Buckingham's dramatic class is
presenting two plays tonight at 8:15 in
the Little Theatre. The plays are
"Smarty's Party" and "The Goal." The
public is invited.
"Smarty's Party" is written by
George Kelly, directed by Hildegarde
Tolman and Mabel Marsh, and man
aged by Carelton Byrne. The cast con
sists of Helen Lewis as Mrs. Auden
ricli, Gregory Williamson as Charles
Audenrich, her son, Beatrice Fenner
as Mildred Audenrich, the latter's
wife, and Luck Westall as Marie, the
maid.
"The Goal" is written by Henry Ar
thur Jones, directed by Edmund Spel
lacy, and managed by Marie Camp. In
the cast Peggie Lovel is played by
Sarah L. Plant, Dr. Crane by Gregory
Williamson, the nurse by Frances
Keach, Daniel Famariss by William
Dekker, Adams, the butler, by John S.
Walker, and Sir Stephen Famariss by
Herbert F. Smith.
Miss Buckingham's dramatic class is
presenting two plays tonight at 8:15 in
the Little Theatre. The plays are
"Smarty's Party" and "The Goal." The
public is invited.
"Smarty's Party" is written by
George Kelly, directed by Hildegarde
Tolman and Mabel Marsh, and man
aged by Carelton Byrne. The cast con
sists of Helen Lewis as Mrs. Auden
ricli, Gregory Williamson as Charles
Audenrich, her son, Beatrice Fenner
as Mildred Audenrich, the latter's
wife, and Luck Westall as Marie, the
maid.
"The Goal" is written by Henry Ar
thur Jones, directed by Edmund Spel
lacy, and managed by Marie Camp. In
the cast Peggie Lovel is played by
Sarah L. Plant, Dr. Crane by Gregory
Williamson, the nurse by Frances
Keach, Daniel Famariss by William
Dekker, Adams, the butler, by John S.
Walker, and Sir Stephen Famariss by
Herbert F. Smith.
Miss Buckingham's dramatic class is
presenting two plays tonight at 8:15 in
the Little Theatre. The plays are
"Smarty's Party" and "The Goal." The
public is invited.
"Smarty's Party" is written by
George Kelly, directed by Hildegarde
Tolman and Mabel Marsh, and man
aged by Carelton Byrne. The cast con
sists of Helen Lewis as Mrs. Auden
ricli, Gregory Williamson as Charles
Audenrich, her son, Beatrice Fenner
as Mildred Audenrich, the latter's
wife, and Luck Westall as Marie, the
maid.
"The Goal" is written by Henry Ar
thur Jones, directed by Edmund Spel
lacy, and managed by Marie Camp. In
the cast Peggie Lovel is played by
Sarah L. Plant, Dr. Crane by Gregory
Williamson, the nurse by Frances
Keach, Daniel Famariss by William
Dekker, Adams, the butler, by John S.
Walker, and Sir Stephen Famariss by
Herbert F. Smith.
Miss Buckingham's dramatic class is
presenting two plays tonight at 8:15 in
the Little Theatre. The plays are
"Smarty's Party" and "The Goal." The
public is invited.
"Smarty's Party" is written by
George Kelly, directed by Hildegarde
Tolman and Mabel Marsh, and man
aged by Carelton Byrne. The cast con
sists of Helen Lewis as Mrs. Auden
ricli, Gregory Williamson as Charles
Audenrich, her son, Beatrice Fenner
as Mildred Audenrich, the latter's
wife, and Luck Westall as Marie, the
maid.
"The Goal" is written by Henry Ar
thur Jones, directed by Edmund Spel
lacy, and managed by Marie Camp. In
the cast Peggie Lovel is played by
Sarah L. Plant, Dr. Crane by Gregory
Williamson, the nurse by Frances
Keach, Daniel Famariss by William
Dekker, Adams, the butler, by John S.
Walker, and Sir Stephen Famariss by
Herbert F. Smith.
Miss Buckingham's dramatic class is
presenting two plays tonight at 8:15 in
the Little Theatre. The plays are
"Smarty's Party" and "The Goal." The
public is invited.
"Smarty's Party" is written by
George Kelly, directed by Hildegarde
Tolman and Mabel Marsh, and man
aged by Carelton Byrne. The cast con
sists of Helen Lewis as Mrs. Auden
ricli, Gregory Williamson as Charles
Audenrich, her son, Beatrice Fenner
as Mildred Audenrich, the latter's
wife, and Luck Westall as Marie, the
maid.
"The Goal" is written by Henry Ar
thur Jones, directed by Edmund Spel
lacy, and managed by Marie Camp. In
the cast Peggie Lovel is played by
Sarah L. Plant, Dr. Crane by Gregory
Williamson, the nurse by Frances
Keach, Daniel Famariss by William
Dekker, Adams, the butler, by John S.
Walker, and Sir Stephen Famariss by
Herbert F. Smith.
Miss Buckingham's dramatic class is
presenting two plays tonight at 8:15 in
the Little Theatre. The plays are
"Smarty's Party" and "The Goal." The
public is invited.
"Smarty's Party" is written by
George Kelly, directed by Hildegarde
Tolman and Mabel Marsh, and man
aged by Carelton Byrne. The cast con
sists of Helen Lewis as Mrs. Auden
ricli, Gregory Williamson as Charles
Audenrich, her son, Beatrice Fenner
as Mildred Audenrich, the latter's
wife, and Luck Westall as Marie, the
maid.
"The Goal" is written by Henry Ar
thur Jones, directed by Edmund Spel
lacy, and managed by Marie Camp. In
the cast Peggie Lovel is played by
Sarah L. Plant, Dr. Crane by Gregory
Williamson, the nurse by Frances
Keach, Daniel Famariss by William
Dekker, Adams, the butler, by John S.
Walker, and Sir Stephen Famariss by
Herbert F. Smith.
Miss Buckingham's dramatic class is
presenting two plays tonight at 8:15 in
the Little Theatre. The plays are
"Smarty's Party" and "The Goal." The
public is invited.
"Smarty's Party" is written by
George Kelly, directed by Hildegarde
Tolman and Mabel Marsh, and man
aged by Carelton Byrne. The cast con
sists of Helen Lewis as Mrs. Auden
ricli, Gregory Williamson as Charles
Audenrich, her son, Beatrice Fenner
as Mildred Audenrich, the latter's
wife, and Luck Westall as Marie, the
maid.
"The Goal" is written by Henry Ar
thur Jones, directed by Edmund Spel
lacy, and managed by Marie Camp. In
the cast Peggie Lovel is played by
Sarah L. Plant, Dr. Crane by Gregory
Williamson, the nurse by Frances
Keach, Daniel Famariss by William
Dekker, Adams, the butler, by John S.
Walker, and Sir Stephen Famariss by
Herbert F. Smith.
Miss Buckingham's dramatic class is
presenting two plays tonight at 8:15 in
the Little Theatre. The plays are
"Smarty's Party" and "The Goal." The
public is invited.
"Smarty's Party" is written by
George Kelly, directed by Hildegarde
Tolman and Mabel Marsh, and man
aged by Carelton Byrne. The cast con
sists of Helen Lewis as Mrs. Auden
ricli, Gregory Williamson as Charles
Audenrich, her son, Beatrice Fenner
as Mildred Audenrich, the latter's
wife, and Luck Westall as Marie, the
maid.
"The Goal" is written by Henry Ar
thur Jones, directed by Edmund Spel
lacy, and managed by Marie Camp. In
the cast Peggie Lovel is played by
Sarah L. Plant, Dr. Crane by Gregory
Williamson, the nurse by Frances
Keach, Daniel Famariss by William
Dekker, Adams, the butler, by John S.
Walker, and Sir Stephen Famariss by
Herbert F. Smith.
Miss Buckingham's dramatic class is
presenting two plays tonight at 8:15 in
the Little Theatre. The plays are
"Smarty's Party" and "The Goal." The
public is invited.
"Smarty's Party" is written by
George Kelly, directed by Hildegarde
Tolman and Mabel Marsh, and man
aged by Carelton Byrne. The cast con
sists of Helen Lewis as Mrs. Auden
ricli, Gregory Williamson as Charles
Audenrich, her son, Beatrice Fenner
as Mildred Audenrich, the latter's
wife, and Luck Westall as Marie, the
maid.
"The Goal" is written by Henry Ar
thur Jones, directed by Edmund Spel
lacy, and managed by Marie Camp. In
the cast Peggie Lovel is played by
Sarah L. Plant, Dr. Crane by Gregory
Williamson, the nurse by Frances
Keach, Daniel Famariss by William
Dekker, Adams, the butler, by John S.
Walker, and Sir Stephen Famariss by
Herbert F. Smith.
Miss Buckingham's dramatic class is
presenting two plays tonight at 8:15 in
the Little Theatre. The plays are
"Smarty's Party" and "The Goal." The
public is invited.
"Smarty's Party" is written by
George Kelly, directed by Hildegarde
Tolman and Mabel Marsh, and man
aged by Carelton Byrne. The cast con
sists of Helen Lewis as Mrs. Auden
ricli, Gregory Williamson as Charles
Audenrich, her son, Beatrice Fenner
as Mildred Audenrich, the latter's
wife, and Luck Westall as Marie, the
maid.
"The Goal" is written by Henry Ar
thur Jones, directed by Edmund Spel
lacy, and managed by Marie Camp. In
the cast Peggie Lovel is played by
Sarah L. Plant, Dr. Crane by Gregory
Williamson, the nurse by Frances
Keach, Daniel Famariss by William
Dekker, Adams, the butler, by John S.
Walker, and Sir Stephen Famariss by
Herbert F. Smith.
Miss Buckingham's dramatic class is
presenting two plays tonight at 8:15 in
the Little Theatre. The plays are
"Smarty's Party" and "The Goal." The
public is invited.
"Smarty's Party" is written by
George Kelly, directed by Hildegarde
Tolman and Mabel Marsh, and man
aged by Carelton Byrne. The cast con
sists of Helen Lewis as Mrs. Auden
ricli, Gregory Williamson as Charles
Audenrich, her son, Beatrice Fenner
as Mildred Audenrich, the latter's
wife, and Luck Westall as Marie, the
maid.
"The Goal" is written by Henry Ar
thur Jones, directed by Edmund Spel
lacy, and managed by Marie Camp. In
the cast Peggie Lovel is played by
Sarah L. Plant, Dr. Crane by Gregory
Williamson, the nurse by Frances
Keach, Daniel Famariss by William
Dekker, Adams, the butler, by John S.
Walker, and Sir Stephen Famariss by
Herbert F. Smith.
Miss Buckingham's dramatic class is
presenting two plays tonight at 8:15 in
the Little Theatre. The plays are
"Smarty's Party" and "The Goal." The
public is invited.
"Smarty's Party" is written by
George Kelly, directed by Hildegarde
Tolman and Mabel Marsh, and man
aged by Carelton Byrne. The cast con
sists of Helen Lewis as Mrs. Auden
ricli, Gregory Williamson as Charles
Audenrich, her son, Beatrice Fenner
as Mildred Audenrich, the latter's
wife, and Luck Westall as Marie, the
maid.
"The Goal" is written by Henry Ar
thur Jones, directed by Edmund Spel
lacy, and managed by Marie Camp. In
the cast Peggie Lovel is played by
Sarah L. Plant, Dr. Crane by Gregory
Williamson, the nurse by Frances
Keach, Daniel Famariss by William
Dekker, Adams, the butler, by John S.
Walker, and Sir Stephen Famariss by
Herbert F. Smith.
Miss Buckingham's dramatic class is
presenting two plays tonight at 8:15 in
the Little Theatre. The plays are
"Smarty's Party" and "The Goal." The
public is invited.
"Smarty's Party" is written by
George Kelly, directed by Hildegarde
Tolman and Mabel Marsh, and man
aged by Carelton Byrne. The cast con
sists of Helen Lewis as Mrs. Auden
ricli, Gregory Williamson as Charles
Audenrich, her son, Beatrice Fenner
as Mildred Audenrich, the latter's
wife, and Luck Westall as Marie, the
maid.
"The Goal" is written by Henry Ar
thur Jones, directed by Edmund Spel
lacy, and managed by Marie Camp. In
the cast Peggie Lovel is played by
Sarah L. Plant, Dr. Crane by Gregory
Williamson, the nurse by Frances
Keach, Daniel Famariss by William
Dekker, Adams, the butler, by John S.
Walker, and Sir Stephen Famariss by
Herbert F. Smith.
Miss Buckingham's dramatic class is
presenting two plays tonight at 8:15 in
the Little Theatre. The plays are
"Smarty's Party" and "The Goal." The
public is invited.
"Smarty's Party" is written by
George Kelly, directed by Hildegarde
Tolman and Mabel Marsh, and man
aged by Carelton Byrne. The cast con
sists of Helen Lewis as Mrs. Auden
ricli, Gregory Williamson as Charles
Audenrich, her son, Beatrice Fenner
as Mildred Audenrich, the latter's
wife, and Luck Westall as Marie, the
maid.
"The Goal" is written by Henry Ar
thur Jones, directed by Edmund Spel
lacy, and managed by Marie Camp. In
the cast Peggie Lovel is played by
Sarah L. Plant, Dr. Crane by Gregory
Williamson, the nurse by Frances
Keach, Daniel Famariss by William
Dekker, Adams, the butler, by John S.
Walker, and Sir Stephen Famariss by
Herbert F. Smith.
Miss Buckingham's dramatic class is
presenting two plays tonight at 8:15 in
the Little Theatre. The plays are
"Smarty's Party" and "The Goal." The
public is invited.
"Smarty's Party" is written by
George Kelly, directed by Hildegarde
Tolman and Mabel Marsh, and man
aged by Carelton Byrne. The cast con
sists of Helen Lewis as Mrs. Auden
ricli, Gregory Williamson as Charles
Audenrich, her son, Beatrice Fenner
as Mildred Audenrich, the latter's
wife, and Luck Westall as Marie, the
maid.
"The Goal" is written by Henry Ar
thur Jones, directed by Edmund Spel
lacy, and managed by Marie Camp. In
the cast Peggie Lovel is played by
Sarah L. Plant, Dr. Crane by Gregory
Williamson, the nurse by Frances
Keach, Daniel Famariss by William
Dekker, Adams, the butler, by John S.
Walker, and Sir Stephen Famariss by
Herbert F. Smith.
