# A.C. Eurich Returns From Utah Convention
## 
### 
Dr. Alvin C. Enrich, academic vice
president, returned to the campus
today from Salt Lake City where he
was one of the keynote speakers at
the annual convention of the Utah
Education Association held on Nov.
2-3.

The theme of Dr. Eurich's five
speeches before the convention was
"Reconversion in Education." In each
address, he analyzed one aspect of
the problem, including educational
programs for returning veterans and
implications of (he college war pro
grams.
Dr. Alvin C. Enrich, academic vice
president, returned to the campus
today from Salt Lake City where he
was one of the keynote speakers at
the annual convention of the Utah
Education Association held on Nov.
2-3.

The theme of Dr. Eurich's five
speeches before the convention was
"Reconversion in Education." In each
address, he analyzed one aspect of
the problem, including educational
programs for returning veterans and
implications of (he college war pro
grams.
Dr. Alvin C. Enrich, academic vice
president, returned to the campus
today from Salt Lake City where he
was one of the keynote speakers at
the annual convention of the Utah
Education Association held on Nov.
2-3.

The theme of Dr. Eurich's five
speeches before the convention was
"Reconversion in Education." In each
address, he analyzed one aspect of
the problem, including educational
programs for returning veterans and
implications of (he college war pro
grams.
Dr. Alvin C. Enrich, academic vice
president, returned to the campus
today from Salt Lake City where he
was one of the keynote speakers at
the annual convention of the Utah
Education Association held on Nov.
2-3.

The theme of Dr. Eurich's five
speeches before the convention was
"Reconversion in Education." In each
address, he analyzed one aspect of
the problem, including educational
programs for returning veterans and
implications of (he college war pro
grams.
Dr. Alvin C. Enrich, academic vice
president, returned to the campus
today from Salt Lake City where he
was one of the keynote speakers at
the annual convention of the Utah
Education Association held on Nov.
2-3.

The theme of Dr. Eurich's five
speeches before the convention was
"Reconversion in Education." In each
address, he analyzed one aspect of
the problem, including educational
programs for returning veterans and
implications of (he college war pro
grams.
Dr. Alvin C. Enrich, academic vice
president, returned to the campus
today from Salt Lake City where he
was one of the keynote speakers at
the annual convention of the Utah
Education Association held on Nov.
2-3.

The theme of Dr. Eurich's five
speeches before the convention was
"Reconversion in Education." In each
address, he analyzed one aspect of
the problem, including educational
programs for returning veterans and
implications of (he college war pro
grams.
Dr. Alvin C. Enrich, academic vice
president, returned to the campus
today from Salt Lake City where he
was one of the keynote speakers at
the annual convention of the Utah
Education Association held on Nov.
2-3.

The theme of Dr. Eurich's five
speeches before the convention was
"Reconversion in Education." In each
address, he analyzed one aspect of
the problem, including educational
programs for returning veterans and
implications of (he college war pro
grams.
Dr. Alvin C. Enrich, academic vice
president, returned to the campus
today from Salt Lake City where he
was one of the keynote speakers at
the annual convention of the Utah
Education Association held on Nov.
2-3.

The theme of Dr. Eurich's five
speeches before the convention was
"Reconversion in Education." In each
address, he analyzed one aspect of
the problem, including educational
programs for returning veterans and
implications of (he college war pro
grams.
Dr. Alvin C. Enrich, academic vice
president, returned to the campus
today from Salt Lake City where he
was one of the keynote speakers at
the annual convention of the Utah
Education Association held on Nov.
2-3.

The theme of Dr. Eurich's five
speeches before the convention was
"Reconversion in Education." In each
address, he analyzed one aspect of
the problem, including educational
programs for returning veterans and
implications of (he college war pro
grams.
Dr. Alvin C. Enrich, academic vice
president, returned to the campus
today from Salt Lake City where he
was one of the keynote speakers at
the annual convention of the Utah
Education Association held on Nov.
2-3.

The theme of Dr. Eurich's five
speeches before the convention was
"Reconversion in Education." In each
address, he analyzed one aspect of
the problem, including educational
programs for returning veterans and
implications of (he college war pro
grams.
Dr. Alvin C. Enrich, academic vice
president, returned to the campus
today from Salt Lake City where he
was one of the keynote speakers at
the annual convention of the Utah
Education Association held on Nov.
2-3.

The theme of Dr. Eurich's five
speeches before the convention was
"Reconversion in Education." In each
address, he analyzed one aspect of
the problem, including educational
programs for returning veterans and
implications of (he college war pro
grams.
Dr. Alvin C. Enrich, academic vice
president, returned to the campus
today from Salt Lake City where he
was one of the keynote speakers at
the annual convention of the Utah
Education Association held on Nov.
2-3.

The theme of Dr. Eurich's five
speeches before the convention was
"Reconversion in Education." In each
address, he analyzed one aspect of
the problem, including educational
programs for returning veterans and
implications of (he college war pro
grams.
Dr. Alvin C. Enrich, academic vice
president, returned to the campus
today from Salt Lake City where he
was one of the keynote speakers at
the annual convention of the Utah
Education Association held on Nov.
2-3.

The theme of Dr. Eurich's five
speeches before the convention was
"Reconversion in Education." In each
address, he analyzed one aspect of
the problem, including educational
programs for returning veterans and
implications of (he college war pro
grams.
Dr. Alvin C. Enrich, academic vice
president, returned to the campus
today from Salt Lake City where he
was one of the keynote speakers at
the annual convention of the Utah
Education Association held on Nov.
2-3.

The theme of Dr. Eurich's five
speeches before the convention was
"Reconversion in Education." In each
address, he analyzed one aspect of
the problem, including educational
programs for returning veterans and
implications of (he college war pro
grams.
Dr. Alvin C. Enrich, academic vice
president, returned to the campus
today from Salt Lake City where he
was one of the keynote speakers at
the annual convention of the Utah
Education Association held on Nov.
2-3.

The theme of Dr. Eurich's five
speeches before the convention was
"Reconversion in Education." In each
address, he analyzed one aspect of
the problem, including educational
programs for returning veterans and
implications of (he college war pro
grams.
Dr. Alvin C. Enrich, academic vice
president, returned to the campus
today from Salt Lake City where he
was one of the keynote speakers at
the annual convention of the Utah
Education Association held on Nov.
2-3.

The theme of Dr. Eurich's five
speeches before the convention was
"Reconversion in Education." In each
address, he analyzed one aspect of
the problem, including educational
programs for returning veterans and
implications of (he college war pro
grams.
