# SURGICAL DRESSINGS
## 
### 
The surgical dressing committee,
headed by Mnrie Wagner, has ex
pressed its appreciation for the
promptness and regularity with
which Stanford women have been
fulfilling the University bandage
quota. "Please help maintain the
record so well begun," Miss Wagner
stated.
The surgical dressing committee,
headed by Mnrie Wagner, has ex
pressed its appreciation for the
promptness and regularity with
which Stanford women have been
fulfilling the University bandage
quota. "Please help maintain the
record so well begun," Miss Wagner
stated.
The surgical dressing committee,
headed by Mnrie Wagner, has ex
pressed its appreciation for the
promptness and regularity with
which Stanford women have been
fulfilling the University bandage
quota. "Please help maintain the
record so well begun," Miss Wagner
stated.
The surgical dressing committee,
headed by Mnrie Wagner, has ex
pressed its appreciation for the
promptness and regularity with
which Stanford women have been
fulfilling the University bandage
quota. "Please help maintain the
record so well begun," Miss Wagner
stated.
The surgical dressing committee,
headed by Mnrie Wagner, has ex
pressed its appreciation for the
promptness and regularity with
which Stanford women have been
fulfilling the University bandage
quota. "Please help maintain the
record so well begun," Miss Wagner
stated.
The surgical dressing committee,
headed by Mnrie Wagner, has ex
pressed its appreciation for the
promptness and regularity with
which Stanford women have been
fulfilling the University bandage
quota. "Please help maintain the
record so well begun," Miss Wagner
stated.
The surgical dressing committee,
headed by Mnrie Wagner, has ex
pressed its appreciation for the
promptness and regularity with
which Stanford women have been
fulfilling the University bandage
quota. "Please help maintain the
record so well begun," Miss Wagner
stated.
The surgical dressing committee,
headed by Mnrie Wagner, has ex
pressed its appreciation for the
promptness and regularity with
which Stanford women have been
fulfilling the University bandage
quota. "Please help maintain the
record so well begun," Miss Wagner
stated.
The surgical dressing committee,
headed by Mnrie Wagner, has ex
pressed its appreciation for the
promptness and regularity with
which Stanford women have been
fulfilling the University bandage
quota. "Please help maintain the
record so well begun," Miss Wagner
stated.
The surgical dressing committee,
headed by Mnrie Wagner, has ex
pressed its appreciation for the
promptness and regularity with
which Stanford women have been
fulfilling the University bandage
quota. "Please help maintain the
record so well begun," Miss Wagner
stated.
The surgical dressing committee,
headed by Mnrie Wagner, has ex
pressed its appreciation for the
promptness and regularity with
which Stanford women have been
fulfilling the University bandage
quota. "Please help maintain the
record so well begun," Miss Wagner
stated.
The surgical dressing committee,
headed by Mnrie Wagner, has ex
pressed its appreciation for the
promptness and regularity with
which Stanford women have been
fulfilling the University bandage
quota. "Please help maintain the
record so well begun," Miss Wagner
stated.
The surgical dressing committee,
headed by Mnrie Wagner, has ex
pressed its appreciation for the
promptness and regularity with
which Stanford women have been
fulfilling the University bandage
quota. "Please help maintain the
record so well begun," Miss Wagner
stated.
The surgical dressing committee,
headed by Mnrie Wagner, has ex
pressed its appreciation for the
promptness and regularity with
which Stanford women have been
fulfilling the University bandage
quota. "Please help maintain the
record so well begun," Miss Wagner
stated.
The surgical dressing committee,
headed by Mnrie Wagner, has ex
pressed its appreciation for the
promptness and regularity with
which Stanford women have been
fulfilling the University bandage
quota. "Please help maintain the
record so well begun," Miss Wagner
stated.
The surgical dressing committee,
headed by Mnrie Wagner, has ex
pressed its appreciation for the
promptness and regularity with
which Stanford women have been
fulfilling the University bandage
quota. "Please help maintain the
record so well begun," Miss Wagner
stated.
