# STANFORD DAMES MEET
## 
### 
Plans of the organization of the
bridge group of the Stanford Dames
were discussed at a meeting of the
group at the home of Mrs. Virgil A.
Anderson yesterday afternoon. Sev
eral tables of bridge followed the
discussion.
Plans of the organization of the
bridge group of the Stanford Dames
were discussed at a meeting of the
group at the home of Mrs. Virgil A.
Anderson yesterday afternoon. Sev
eral tables of bridge followed the
discussion.
Plans of the organization of the
bridge group of the Stanford Dames
were discussed at a meeting of the
group at the home of Mrs. Virgil A.
Anderson yesterday afternoon. Sev
eral tables of bridge followed the
discussion.
Plans of the organization of the
bridge group of the Stanford Dames
were discussed at a meeting of the
group at the home of Mrs. Virgil A.
Anderson yesterday afternoon. Sev
eral tables of bridge followed the
discussion.
Plans of the organization of the
bridge group of the Stanford Dames
were discussed at a meeting of the
group at the home of Mrs. Virgil A.
Anderson yesterday afternoon. Sev
eral tables of bridge followed the
discussion.
Plans of the organization of the
bridge group of the Stanford Dames
were discussed at a meeting of the
group at the home of Mrs. Virgil A.
Anderson yesterday afternoon. Sev
eral tables of bridge followed the
discussion.
Plans of the organization of the
bridge group of the Stanford Dames
were discussed at a meeting of the
group at the home of Mrs. Virgil A.
Anderson yesterday afternoon. Sev
eral tables of bridge followed the
discussion.
Plans of the organization of the
bridge group of the Stanford Dames
were discussed at a meeting of the
group at the home of Mrs. Virgil A.
Anderson yesterday afternoon. Sev
eral tables of bridge followed the
discussion.
Plans of the organization of the
bridge group of the Stanford Dames
were discussed at a meeting of the
group at the home of Mrs. Virgil A.
Anderson yesterday afternoon. Sev
eral tables of bridge followed the
discussion.
Plans of the organization of the
bridge group of the Stanford Dames
were discussed at a meeting of the
group at the home of Mrs. Virgil A.
Anderson yesterday afternoon. Sev
eral tables of bridge followed the
discussion.
Plans of the organization of the
bridge group of the Stanford Dames
were discussed at a meeting of the
group at the home of Mrs. Virgil A.
Anderson yesterday afternoon. Sev
eral tables of bridge followed the
discussion.
Plans of the organization of the
bridge group of the Stanford Dames
were discussed at a meeting of the
group at the home of Mrs. Virgil A.
Anderson yesterday afternoon. Sev
eral tables of bridge followed the
discussion.
Plans of the organization of the
bridge group of the Stanford Dames
were discussed at a meeting of the
group at the home of Mrs. Virgil A.
Anderson yesterday afternoon. Sev
eral tables of bridge followed the
discussion.
Plans of the organization of the
bridge group of the Stanford Dames
were discussed at a meeting of the
group at the home of Mrs. Virgil A.
Anderson yesterday afternoon. Sev
eral tables of bridge followed the
discussion.
Plans of the organization of the
bridge group of the Stanford Dames
were discussed at a meeting of the
group at the home of Mrs. Virgil A.
Anderson yesterday afternoon. Sev
eral tables of bridge followed the
discussion.
