# RUSSIA IS BETTER PLACE TO LIVE SINCE WAR, STATES ACTING ECONOMICS HEAD
## 
### 
"Russia is, on the whole, a better t
place in which to live than before j
the war, though personally I would- j
n't want to live there," remarked j
Bernard Francis Haley, acting head j
of the economics department, last
night at the third weekly meeting
of the Business Club in the Union j
dining hall.
Jack McDowell, president of the ;
organization, presented Haley, who i
spoke on the importance of the j
Russian situation to the American
business man.
The Five Year Plan in Russia is j
not an experiment, Haley stated,
and to dale has been successful in
all of its phases. Opponents of the
plan base their criticisms on the
lack of liberties experienced by the
Russian people today, but reports I
from leading economic authorities I
of the country who have seen Rus- I

sia before and after ihe war say
that the people are in a better con
dition at this time than previous to
1914.
While the general condition is im
proved, it is not improved to such
an extent as the Communistic party
would have the world believe, con
tinued Haley.
World economists who are becom
ing alarmed at the manner in which
Russia is exporting need have no
fear, stated Haley, as it is because
of their exports that the Russians
are able to import the machinery
and raw materials that come from
this country.
While the Russian people are suc
ceeding in the Five Year Plan, they
have not yet reached the ultimata
communistic goal which is the elimi
nation of all profit-seeking private
concerns, he concluded.
