# PROFESSOR HOOKER ADDRESSES SCHOOL TEACHERS' MEETING
## 
### 
Co-operation between Palo High
School and Stanford University in
the teacher training program was
advocated by Professor Grover C.
Hooker of the education department
in a speech to a group of high
school tcachers Monday afternoon.
Professor Hooker also recently
addressed a convention of the City
and County Superintendents of
California on the "Relation of
Placement Bureaus to Local School
Systems."
Professor Hooker denied the pop
ularly accepted idea that we have
an over-supply of teachers, stating
that we have not an over-supply of
well-qualified and competent teach
ers but rather of candidates who
desire teaching positions.
Co-operation between Palo High
School and Stanford University in
the teacher training program was
advocated by Professor Grover C.
Hooker of the education department
in a speech to a group of high
school tcachers Monday afternoon.
Professor Hooker also recently
addressed a convention of the City
and County Superintendents of
California on the "Relation of
Placement Bureaus to Local School
Systems."
Professor Hooker denied the pop
ularly accepted idea that we have
an over-supply of teachers, stating
that we have not an over-supply of
well-qualified and competent teach
ers but rather of candidates who
desire teaching positions.
Co-operation between Palo High
School and Stanford University in
the teacher training program was
advocated by Professor Grover C.
Hooker of the education department
in a speech to a group of high
school tcachers Monday afternoon.
Professor Hooker also recently
addressed a convention of the City
and County Superintendents of
California on the "Relation of
Placement Bureaus to Local School
Systems."
Professor Hooker denied the pop
ularly accepted idea that we have
an over-supply of teachers, stating
that we have not an over-supply of
well-qualified and competent teach
ers but rather of candidates who
desire teaching positions.
Co-operation between Palo High
School and Stanford University in
the teacher training program was
advocated by Professor Grover C.
Hooker of the education department
in a speech to a group of high
school tcachers Monday afternoon.
Professor Hooker also recently
addressed a convention of the City
and County Superintendents of
California on the "Relation of
Placement Bureaus to Local School
Systems."
Professor Hooker denied the pop
ularly accepted idea that we have
an over-supply of teachers, stating
that we have not an over-supply of
well-qualified and competent teach
ers but rather of candidates who
desire teaching positions.
Co-operation between Palo High
School and Stanford University in
the teacher training program was
advocated by Professor Grover C.
Hooker of the education department
in a speech to a group of high
school tcachers Monday afternoon.
Professor Hooker also recently
addressed a convention of the City
and County Superintendents of
California on the "Relation of
Placement Bureaus to Local School
Systems."
Professor Hooker denied the pop
ularly accepted idea that we have
an over-supply of teachers, stating
that we have not an over-supply of
well-qualified and competent teach
ers but rather of candidates who
desire teaching positions.
Co-operation between Palo High
School and Stanford University in
the teacher training program was
advocated by Professor Grover C.
Hooker of the education department
in a speech to a group of high
school tcachers Monday afternoon.
Professor Hooker also recently
addressed a convention of the City
and County Superintendents of
California on the "Relation of
Placement Bureaus to Local School
Systems."
Professor Hooker denied the pop
ularly accepted idea that we have
an over-supply of teachers, stating
that we have not an over-supply of
well-qualified and competent teach
ers but rather of candidates who
desire teaching positions.
Co-operation between Palo High
School and Stanford University in
the teacher training program was
advocated by Professor Grover C.
Hooker of the education department
in a speech to a group of high
school tcachers Monday afternoon.
Professor Hooker also recently
addressed a convention of the City
and County Superintendents of
California on the "Relation of
Placement Bureaus to Local School
Systems."
Professor Hooker denied the pop
ularly accepted idea that we have
an over-supply of teachers, stating
that we have not an over-supply of
well-qualified and competent teach
ers but rather of candidates who
desire teaching positions.
Co-operation between Palo High
School and Stanford University in
the teacher training program was
advocated by Professor Grover C.
Hooker of the education department
in a speech to a group of high
school tcachers Monday afternoon.
Professor Hooker also recently
addressed a convention of the City
and County Superintendents of
California on the "Relation of
Placement Bureaus to Local School
Systems."
Professor Hooker denied the pop
ularly accepted idea that we have
an over-supply of teachers, stating
that we have not an over-supply of
well-qualified and competent teach
ers but rather of candidates who
desire teaching positions.
Co-operation between Palo High
School and Stanford University in
the teacher training program was
advocated by Professor Grover C.
Hooker of the education department
in a speech to a group of high
school tcachers Monday afternoon.
Professor Hooker also recently
addressed a convention of the City
and County Superintendents of
California on the "Relation of
Placement Bureaus to Local School
Systems."
Professor Hooker denied the pop
ularly accepted idea that we have
an over-supply of teachers, stating
that we have not an over-supply of
well-qualified and competent teach
ers but rather of candidates who
desire teaching positions.
Co-operation between Palo High
School and Stanford University in
the teacher training program was
advocated by Professor Grover C.
Hooker of the education department
in a speech to a group of high
school tcachers Monday afternoon.
Professor Hooker also recently
addressed a convention of the City
and County Superintendents of
California on the "Relation of
Placement Bureaus to Local School
Systems."
Professor Hooker denied the pop
ularly accepted idea that we have
an over-supply of teachers, stating
that we have not an over-supply of
well-qualified and competent teach
ers but rather of candidates who
desire teaching positions.
Co-operation between Palo High
School and Stanford University in
the teacher training program was
advocated by Professor Grover C.
Hooker of the education department
in a speech to a group of high
school tcachers Monday afternoon.
Professor Hooker also recently
addressed a convention of the City
and County Superintendents of
California on the "Relation of
Placement Bureaus to Local School
Systems."
Professor Hooker denied the pop
ularly accepted idea that we have
an over-supply of teachers, stating
that we have not an over-supply of
well-qualified and competent teach
ers but rather of candidates who
desire teaching positions.
Co-operation between Palo High
School and Stanford University in
the teacher training program was
advocated by Professor Grover C.
Hooker of the education department
in a speech to a group of high
school tcachers Monday afternoon.
Professor Hooker also recently
addressed a convention of the City
and County Superintendents of
California on the "Relation of
Placement Bureaus to Local School
Systems."
Professor Hooker denied the pop
ularly accepted idea that we have
an over-supply of teachers, stating
that we have not an over-supply of
well-qualified and competent teach
ers but rather of candidates who
desire teaching positions.
Co-operation between Palo High
School and Stanford University in
the teacher training program was
advocated by Professor Grover C.
Hooker of the education department
in a speech to a group of high
school tcachers Monday afternoon.
Professor Hooker also recently
addressed a convention of the City
and County Superintendents of
California on the "Relation of
Placement Bureaus to Local School
Systems."
Professor Hooker denied the pop
ularly accepted idea that we have
an over-supply of teachers, stating
that we have not an over-supply of
well-qualified and competent teach
ers but rather of candidates who
desire teaching positions.
Co-operation between Palo High
School and Stanford University in
the teacher training program was
advocated by Professor Grover C.
Hooker of the education department
in a speech to a group of high
school tcachers Monday afternoon.
Professor Hooker also recently
addressed a convention of the City
and County Superintendents of
California on the "Relation of
Placement Bureaus to Local School
Systems."
Professor Hooker denied the pop
ularly accepted idea that we have
an over-supply of teachers, stating
that we have not an over-supply of
well-qualified and competent teach
ers but rather of candidates who
desire teaching positions.
Co-operation between Palo High
School and Stanford University in
the teacher training program was
advocated by Professor Grover C.
Hooker of the education department
in a speech to a group of high
school tcachers Monday afternoon.
Professor Hooker also recently
addressed a convention of the City
and County Superintendents of
California on the "Relation of
Placement Bureaus to Local School
Systems."
Professor Hooker denied the pop
ularly accepted idea that we have
an over-supply of teachers, stating
that we have not an over-supply of
well-qualified and competent teach
ers but rather of candidates who
desire teaching positions.
