# SOPHOMORE FIESTA COTILLION WILL BE HELD NOVEMBER 13
## 
### 
Stanford students will dance to
the gay music of a Spanish-cos
tumed orchestra in the fiesta-deco
rated Women's Gymnasium at the
formal Sophomore Cotillion to be
held Friday evening, November 13,
according to an announcement made
last night by North Baker, manager
of the affair.
Ihe Class of '34 plans to make
this formal dance unusually attrac
tive not only to sophomores, but
also to all University students, in
cluding freshmen, who may pur
rhase the bids which go on sale
within the next week.
The general committee met last
night at the Pi Phi house to start
work for the Cotillion. Committee
members are: Manager, North
Baker; Business Manager, John
Henry Pockham; Work, Bill Skil
lern, Bill Wallace; Program and
Bids, Bill Stark, Dick Gholson; Ad
vertising, Rusty Maino, Jane Hew
lett; Music, Los Roos, Sally Reit
veldt; Refreshments, Andy Harris,
Mary Rath; Entertainment, Kelly
Thorpe, Dorothy Wche; Chaperonos,
Dan Murphy; Decorations, Bob Wal
ter, Phyllis Doane.
Stanford students will dance to
the gay music of a Spanish-cos
tumed orchestra in the fiesta-deco
rated Women's Gymnasium at the
formal Sophomore Cotillion to be
held Friday evening, November 13,
according to an announcement made
last night by North Baker, manager
of the affair.
Ihe Class of '34 plans to make
this formal dance unusually attrac
tive not only to sophomores, but
also to all University students, in
cluding freshmen, who may pur
rhase the bids which go on sale
within the next week.
The general committee met last
night at the Pi Phi house to start
work for the Cotillion. Committee
members are: Manager, North
Baker; Business Manager, John
Henry Pockham; Work, Bill Skil
lern, Bill Wallace; Program and
Bids, Bill Stark, Dick Gholson; Ad
vertising, Rusty Maino, Jane Hew
lett; Music, Los Roos, Sally Reit
veldt; Refreshments, Andy Harris,
Mary Rath; Entertainment, Kelly
Thorpe, Dorothy Wche; Chaperonos,
Dan Murphy; Decorations, Bob Wal
ter, Phyllis Doane.
Stanford students will dance to
the gay music of a Spanish-cos
tumed orchestra in the fiesta-deco
rated Women's Gymnasium at the
formal Sophomore Cotillion to be
held Friday evening, November 13,
according to an announcement made
last night by North Baker, manager
of the affair.
Ihe Class of '34 plans to make
this formal dance unusually attrac
tive not only to sophomores, but
also to all University students, in
cluding freshmen, who may pur
rhase the bids which go on sale
within the next week.
The general committee met last
night at the Pi Phi house to start
work for the Cotillion. Committee
members are: Manager, North
Baker; Business Manager, John
Henry Pockham; Work, Bill Skil
lern, Bill Wallace; Program and
Bids, Bill Stark, Dick Gholson; Ad
vertising, Rusty Maino, Jane Hew
lett; Music, Los Roos, Sally Reit
veldt; Refreshments, Andy Harris,
Mary Rath; Entertainment, Kelly
Thorpe, Dorothy Wche; Chaperonos,
Dan Murphy; Decorations, Bob Wal
ter, Phyllis Doane.
Stanford students will dance to
the gay music of a Spanish-cos
tumed orchestra in the fiesta-deco
rated Women's Gymnasium at the
formal Sophomore Cotillion to be
held Friday evening, November 13,
according to an announcement made
last night by North Baker, manager
of the affair.
Ihe Class of '34 plans to make
this formal dance unusually attrac
tive not only to sophomores, but
also to all University students, in
cluding freshmen, who may pur
rhase the bids which go on sale
within the next week.
The general committee met last
night at the Pi Phi house to start
work for the Cotillion. Committee
members are: Manager, North
Baker; Business Manager, John
Henry Pockham; Work, Bill Skil
lern, Bill Wallace; Program and
Bids, Bill Stark, Dick Gholson; Ad
vertising, Rusty Maino, Jane Hew
lett; Music, Los Roos, Sally Reit
veldt; Refreshments, Andy Harris,
Mary Rath; Entertainment, Kelly
Thorpe, Dorothy Wche; Chaperonos,
Dan Murphy; Decorations, Bob Wal
ter, Phyllis Doane.
Stanford students will dance to
the gay music of a Spanish-cos
tumed orchestra in the fiesta-deco
rated Women's Gymnasium at the
formal Sophomore Cotillion to be
held Friday evening, November 13,
according to an announcement made
last night by North Baker, manager
of the affair.
Ihe Class of '34 plans to make
this formal dance unusually attrac
tive not only to sophomores, but
also to all University students, in
cluding freshmen, who may pur
rhase the bids which go on sale
within the next week.
The general committee met last
night at the Pi Phi house to start
work for the Cotillion. Committee
members are: Manager, North
Baker; Business Manager, John
Henry Pockham; Work, Bill Skil
lern, Bill Wallace; Program and
Bids, Bill Stark, Dick Gholson; Ad
vertising, Rusty Maino, Jane Hew
lett; Music, Los Roos, Sally Reit
veldt; Refreshments, Andy Harris,
Mary Rath; Entertainment, Kelly
Thorpe, Dorothy Wche; Chaperonos,
Dan Murphy; Decorations, Bob Wal
ter, Phyllis Doane.
Stanford students will dance to
the gay music of a Spanish-cos
tumed orchestra in the fiesta-deco
rated Women's Gymnasium at the
formal Sophomore Cotillion to be
held Friday evening, November 13,
according to an announcement made
last night by North Baker, manager
of the affair.
Ihe Class of '34 plans to make
this formal dance unusually attrac
tive not only to sophomores, but
also to all University students, in
cluding freshmen, who may pur
rhase the bids which go on sale
within the next week.
The general committee met last
night at the Pi Phi house to start
work for the Cotillion. Committee
members are: Manager, North
Baker; Business Manager, John
Henry Pockham; Work, Bill Skil
lern, Bill Wallace; Program and
Bids, Bill Stark, Dick Gholson; Ad
vertising, Rusty Maino, Jane Hew
lett; Music, Los Roos, Sally Reit
veldt; Refreshments, Andy Harris,
Mary Rath; Entertainment, Kelly
Thorpe, Dorothy Wche; Chaperonos,
Dan Murphy; Decorations, Bob Wal
ter, Phyllis Doane.
Stanford students will dance to
the gay music of a Spanish-cos
tumed orchestra in the fiesta-deco
rated Women's Gymnasium at the
formal Sophomore Cotillion to be
held Friday evening, November 13,
according to an announcement made
last night by North Baker, manager
of the affair.
Ihe Class of '34 plans to make
this formal dance unusually attrac
tive not only to sophomores, but
also to all University students, in
cluding freshmen, who may pur
rhase the bids which go on sale
within the next week.
The general committee met last
night at the Pi Phi house to start
work for the Cotillion. Committee
members are: Manager, North
Baker; Business Manager, John
Henry Pockham; Work, Bill Skil
lern, Bill Wallace; Program and
Bids, Bill Stark, Dick Gholson; Ad
vertising, Rusty Maino, Jane Hew
lett; Music, Los Roos, Sally Reit
veldt; Refreshments, Andy Harris,
Mary Rath; Entertainment, Kelly
Thorpe, Dorothy Wche; Chaperonos,
Dan Murphy; Decorations, Bob Wal
ter, Phyllis Doane.
Stanford students will dance to
the gay music of a Spanish-cos
tumed orchestra in the fiesta-deco
rated Women's Gymnasium at the
formal Sophomore Cotillion to be
held Friday evening, November 13,
according to an announcement made
last night by North Baker, manager
of the affair.
Ihe Class of '34 plans to make
this formal dance unusually attrac
tive not only to sophomores, but
also to all University students, in
cluding freshmen, who may pur
rhase the bids which go on sale
within the next week.
The general committee met last
night at the Pi Phi house to start
work for the Cotillion. Committee
members are: Manager, North
Baker; Business Manager, John
Henry Pockham; Work, Bill Skil
lern, Bill Wallace; Program and
Bids, Bill Stark, Dick Gholson; Ad
vertising, Rusty Maino, Jane Hew
lett; Music, Los Roos, Sally Reit
veldt; Refreshments, Andy Harris,
Mary Rath; Entertainment, Kelly
Thorpe, Dorothy Wche; Chaperonos,
Dan Murphy; Decorations, Bob Wal
ter, Phyllis Doane.
Stanford students will dance to
the gay music of a Spanish-cos
tumed orchestra in the fiesta-deco
rated Women's Gymnasium at the
formal Sophomore Cotillion to be
held Friday evening, November 13,
according to an announcement made
last night by North Baker, manager
of the affair.
Ihe Class of '34 plans to make
this formal dance unusually attrac
tive not only to sophomores, but
also to all University students, in
cluding freshmen, who may pur
rhase the bids which go on sale
within the next week.
The general committee met last
night at the Pi Phi house to start
work for the Cotillion. Committee
members are: Manager, North
Baker; Business Manager, John
Henry Pockham; Work, Bill Skil
lern, Bill Wallace; Program and
Bids, Bill Stark, Dick Gholson; Ad
vertising, Rusty Maino, Jane Hew
lett; Music, Los Roos, Sally Reit
veldt; Refreshments, Andy Harris,
Mary Rath; Entertainment, Kelly
Thorpe, Dorothy Wche; Chaperonos,
Dan Murphy; Decorations, Bob Wal
ter, Phyllis Doane.
Stanford students will dance to
the gay music of a Spanish-cos
tumed orchestra in the fiesta-deco
rated Women's Gymnasium at the
formal Sophomore Cotillion to be
held Friday evening, November 13,
according to an announcement made
last night by North Baker, manager
of the affair.
Ihe Class of '34 plans to make
this formal dance unusually attrac
tive not only to sophomores, but
also to all University students, in
cluding freshmen, who may pur
rhase the bids which go on sale
within the next week.
The general committee met last
night at the Pi Phi house to start
work for the Cotillion. Committee
members are: Manager, North
Baker; Business Manager, John
Henry Pockham; Work, Bill Skil
lern, Bill Wallace; Program and
Bids, Bill Stark, Dick Gholson; Ad
vertising, Rusty Maino, Jane Hew
lett; Music, Los Roos, Sally Reit
veldt; Refreshments, Andy Harris,
Mary Rath; Entertainment, Kelly
Thorpe, Dorothy Wche; Chaperonos,
Dan Murphy; Decorations, Bob Wal
ter, Phyllis Doane.
Stanford students will dance to
the gay music of a Spanish-cos
tumed orchestra in the fiesta-deco
rated Women's Gymnasium at the
formal Sophomore Cotillion to be
held Friday evening, November 13,
according to an announcement made
last night by North Baker, manager
of the affair.
Ihe Class of '34 plans to make
this formal dance unusually attrac
tive not only to sophomores, but
also to all University students, in
cluding freshmen, who may pur
rhase the bids which go on sale
within the next week.
The general committee met last
night at the Pi Phi house to start
work for the Cotillion. Committee
members are: Manager, North
Baker; Business Manager, John
Henry Pockham; Work, Bill Skil
lern, Bill Wallace; Program and
Bids, Bill Stark, Dick Gholson; Ad
vertising, Rusty Maino, Jane Hew
lett; Music, Los Roos, Sally Reit
veldt; Refreshments, Andy Harris,
Mary Rath; Entertainment, Kelly
Thorpe, Dorothy Wche; Chaperonos,
Dan Murphy; Decorations, Bob Wal
ter, Phyllis Doane.
Stanford students will dance to
the gay music of a Spanish-cos
tumed orchestra in the fiesta-deco
rated Women's Gymnasium at the
formal Sophomore Cotillion to be
held Friday evening, November 13,
according to an announcement made
last night by North Baker, manager
of the affair.
Ihe Class of '34 plans to make
this formal dance unusually attrac
tive not only to sophomores, but
also to all University students, in
cluding freshmen, who may pur
rhase the bids which go on sale
within the next week.
The general committee met last
night at the Pi Phi house to start
work for the Cotillion. Committee
members are: Manager, North
Baker; Business Manager, John
Henry Pockham; Work, Bill Skil
lern, Bill Wallace; Program and
Bids, Bill Stark, Dick Gholson; Ad
vertising, Rusty Maino, Jane Hew
lett; Music, Los Roos, Sally Reit
veldt; Refreshments, Andy Harris,
Mary Rath; Entertainment, Kelly
Thorpe, Dorothy Wche; Chaperonos,
Dan Murphy; Decorations, Bob Wal
ter, Phyllis Doane.
Stanford students will dance to
the gay music of a Spanish-cos
tumed orchestra in the fiesta-deco
rated Women's Gymnasium at the
formal Sophomore Cotillion to be
held Friday evening, November 13,
according to an announcement made
last night by North Baker, manager
of the affair.
Ihe Class of '34 plans to make
this formal dance unusually attrac
tive not only to sophomores, but
also to all University students, in
cluding freshmen, who may pur
rhase the bids which go on sale
within the next week.
The general committee met last
night at the Pi Phi house to start
work for the Cotillion. Committee
members are: Manager, North
Baker; Business Manager, John
Henry Pockham; Work, Bill Skil
lern, Bill Wallace; Program and
Bids, Bill Stark, Dick Gholson; Ad
vertising, Rusty Maino, Jane Hew
lett; Music, Los Roos, Sally Reit
veldt; Refreshments, Andy Harris,
Mary Rath; Entertainment, Kelly
Thorpe, Dorothy Wche; Chaperonos,
Dan Murphy; Decorations, Bob Wal
ter, Phyllis Doane.
Stanford students will dance to
the gay music of a Spanish-cos
tumed orchestra in the fiesta-deco
rated Women's Gymnasium at the
formal Sophomore Cotillion to be
held Friday evening, November 13,
according to an announcement made
last night by North Baker, manager
of the affair.
Ihe Class of '34 plans to make
this formal dance unusually attrac
tive not only to sophomores, but
also to all University students, in
cluding freshmen, who may pur
rhase the bids which go on sale
within the next week.
The general committee met last
night at the Pi Phi house to start
work for the Cotillion. Committee
members are: Manager, North
Baker; Business Manager, John
Henry Pockham; Work, Bill Skil
lern, Bill Wallace; Program and
Bids, Bill Stark, Dick Gholson; Ad
vertising, Rusty Maino, Jane Hew
lett; Music, Los Roos, Sally Reit
veldt; Refreshments, Andy Harris,
Mary Rath; Entertainment, Kelly
Thorpe, Dorothy Wche; Chaperonos,
Dan Murphy; Decorations, Bob Wal
ter, Phyllis Doane.
Stanford students will dance to
the gay music of a Spanish-cos
tumed orchestra in the fiesta-deco
rated Women's Gymnasium at the
formal Sophomore Cotillion to be
held Friday evening, November 13,
according to an announcement made
last night by North Baker, manager
of the affair.
Ihe Class of '34 plans to make
this formal dance unusually attrac
tive not only to sophomores, but
also to all University students, in
cluding freshmen, who may pur
rhase the bids which go on sale
within the next week.
The general committee met last
night at the Pi Phi house to start
work for the Cotillion. Committee
members are: Manager, North
Baker; Business Manager, John
Henry Pockham; Work, Bill Skil
lern, Bill Wallace; Program and
Bids, Bill Stark, Dick Gholson; Ad
vertising, Rusty Maino, Jane Hew
lett; Music, Los Roos, Sally Reit
veldt; Refreshments, Andy Harris,
Mary Rath; Entertainment, Kelly
Thorpe, Dorothy Wche; Chaperonos,
Dan Murphy; Decorations, Bob Wal
ter, Phyllis Doane.
