# ANNOUNCEMENTS
## 
### 
2:30 p.m.—First meeting of the
quarter of the sewing section of
the Stanford Dames at the home
of Mrs. John C. Almuck, 683 Al
varado, Campus.
THURSDAY
12 noon—French Table will meet
for lunch in the Union dining
room. All students are invited.
1:15 p.m.—Members of Ram's Head
will meet in the Green Room to
discuss plans for the Big Game
Gaieties.
2:30 p.m.—Meeting of the reading
group of the Stanford Dames at
the home of Mrs. Ellwood Cub
berley, 610 Cabrillo, Campus. All
members of the organization in
vited.
8 p.m.—Daily tryoutee meeting will
be held Thursday evening at 8
o'clock instead of Wednesday eve
ning, as previously announced.
7:30 p.m.—The Christian Science
Society will meet on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
FRIDAY
8 p.m.—Cosmopolitan Club is hold
ing a party in the Old Union. All
persons interested arc cordially
invited.
2:30 p.m.—First meeting of the
quarter of the sewing section of
the Stanford Dames at the home
of Mrs. John C. Almuck, 683 Al
varado, Campus.
THURSDAY
12 noon—French Table will meet
for lunch in the Union dining
room. All students are invited.
1:15 p.m.—Members of Ram's Head
will meet in the Green Room to
discuss plans for the Big Game
Gaieties.
2:30 p.m.—Meeting of the reading
group of the Stanford Dames at
the home of Mrs. Ellwood Cub
berley, 610 Cabrillo, Campus. All
members of the organization in
vited.
8 p.m.—Daily tryoutee meeting will
be held Thursday evening at 8
o'clock instead of Wednesday eve
ning, as previously announced.
7:30 p.m.—The Christian Science
Society will meet on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
FRIDAY
8 p.m.—Cosmopolitan Club is hold
ing a party in the Old Union. All
persons interested arc cordially
invited.
2:30 p.m.—First meeting of the
quarter of the sewing section of
the Stanford Dames at the home
of Mrs. John C. Almuck, 683 Al
varado, Campus.
THURSDAY
12 noon—French Table will meet
for lunch in the Union dining
room. All students are invited.
1:15 p.m.—Members of Ram's Head
will meet in the Green Room to
discuss plans for the Big Game
Gaieties.
2:30 p.m.—Meeting of the reading
group of the Stanford Dames at
the home of Mrs. Ellwood Cub
berley, 610 Cabrillo, Campus. All
members of the organization in
vited.
8 p.m.—Daily tryoutee meeting will
be held Thursday evening at 8
o'clock instead of Wednesday eve
ning, as previously announced.
7:30 p.m.—The Christian Science
Society will meet on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
FRIDAY
8 p.m.—Cosmopolitan Club is hold
ing a party in the Old Union. All
persons interested arc cordially
invited.
2:30 p.m.—First meeting of the
quarter of the sewing section of
the Stanford Dames at the home
of Mrs. John C. Almuck, 683 Al
varado, Campus.
THURSDAY
12 noon—French Table will meet
for lunch in the Union dining
room. All students are invited.
1:15 p.m.—Members of Ram's Head
will meet in the Green Room to
discuss plans for the Big Game
Gaieties.
2:30 p.m.—Meeting of the reading
group of the Stanford Dames at
the home of Mrs. Ellwood Cub
berley, 610 Cabrillo, Campus. All
members of the organization in
vited.
8 p.m.—Daily tryoutee meeting will
be held Thursday evening at 8
o'clock instead of Wednesday eve
ning, as previously announced.
7:30 p.m.—The Christian Science
Society will meet on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
FRIDAY
8 p.m.—Cosmopolitan Club is hold
ing a party in the Old Union. All
persons interested arc cordially
invited.
2:30 p.m.—First meeting of the
quarter of the sewing section of
the Stanford Dames at the home
of Mrs. John C. Almuck, 683 Al
varado, Campus.
THURSDAY
12 noon—French Table will meet
for lunch in the Union dining
room. All students are invited.
1:15 p.m.—Members of Ram's Head
will meet in the Green Room to
discuss plans for the Big Game
Gaieties.
2:30 p.m.—Meeting of the reading
group of the Stanford Dames at
the home of Mrs. Ellwood Cub
berley, 610 Cabrillo, Campus. All
members of the organization in
vited.
8 p.m.—Daily tryoutee meeting will
be held Thursday evening at 8
o'clock instead of Wednesday eve
ning, as previously announced.
7:30 p.m.—The Christian Science
Society will meet on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
FRIDAY
8 p.m.—Cosmopolitan Club is hold
ing a party in the Old Union. All
persons interested arc cordially
invited.
2:30 p.m.—First meeting of the
quarter of the sewing section of
the Stanford Dames at the home
of Mrs. John C. Almuck, 683 Al
varado, Campus.
THURSDAY
12 noon—French Table will meet
for lunch in the Union dining
room. All students are invited.
1:15 p.m.—Members of Ram's Head
will meet in the Green Room to
discuss plans for the Big Game
Gaieties.
2:30 p.m.—Meeting of the reading
group of the Stanford Dames at
the home of Mrs. Ellwood Cub
berley, 610 Cabrillo, Campus. All
members of the organization in
vited.
8 p.m.—Daily tryoutee meeting will
be held Thursday evening at 8
o'clock instead of Wednesday eve
ning, as previously announced.
7:30 p.m.—The Christian Science
Society will meet on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
FRIDAY
8 p.m.—Cosmopolitan Club is hold
ing a party in the Old Union. All
persons interested arc cordially
invited.
2:30 p.m.—First meeting of the
quarter of the sewing section of
the Stanford Dames at the home
of Mrs. John C. Almuck, 683 Al
varado, Campus.
THURSDAY
12 noon—French Table will meet
for lunch in the Union dining
room. All students are invited.
1:15 p.m.—Members of Ram's Head
will meet in the Green Room to
discuss plans for the Big Game
Gaieties.
2:30 p.m.—Meeting of the reading
group of the Stanford Dames at
the home of Mrs. Ellwood Cub
berley, 610 Cabrillo, Campus. All
members of the organization in
vited.
8 p.m.—Daily tryoutee meeting will
be held Thursday evening at 8
o'clock instead of Wednesday eve
ning, as previously announced.
7:30 p.m.—The Christian Science
Society will meet on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
FRIDAY
8 p.m.—Cosmopolitan Club is hold
ing a party in the Old Union. All
persons interested arc cordially
invited.
2:30 p.m.—First meeting of the
quarter of the sewing section of
the Stanford Dames at the home
of Mrs. John C. Almuck, 683 Al
varado, Campus.
THURSDAY
12 noon—French Table will meet
for lunch in the Union dining
room. All students are invited.
1:15 p.m.—Members of Ram's Head
will meet in the Green Room to
discuss plans for the Big Game
Gaieties.
2:30 p.m.—Meeting of the reading
group of the Stanford Dames at
the home of Mrs. Ellwood Cub
berley, 610 Cabrillo, Campus. All
members of the organization in
vited.
8 p.m.—Daily tryoutee meeting will
be held Thursday evening at 8
o'clock instead of Wednesday eve
ning, as previously announced.
7:30 p.m.—The Christian Science
Society will meet on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
FRIDAY
8 p.m.—Cosmopolitan Club is hold
ing a party in the Old Union. All
persons interested arc cordially
invited.
2:30 p.m.—First meeting of the
quarter of the sewing section of
the Stanford Dames at the home
of Mrs. John C. Almuck, 683 Al
varado, Campus.
THURSDAY
12 noon—French Table will meet
for lunch in the Union dining
room. All students are invited.
1:15 p.m.—Members of Ram's Head
will meet in the Green Room to
discuss plans for the Big Game
Gaieties.
2:30 p.m.—Meeting of the reading
group of the Stanford Dames at
the home of Mrs. Ellwood Cub
berley, 610 Cabrillo, Campus. All
members of the organization in
vited.
8 p.m.—Daily tryoutee meeting will
be held Thursday evening at 8
o'clock instead of Wednesday eve
ning, as previously announced.
7:30 p.m.—The Christian Science
Society will meet on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
FRIDAY
8 p.m.—Cosmopolitan Club is hold
ing a party in the Old Union. All
persons interested arc cordially
invited.
2:30 p.m.—First meeting of the
quarter of the sewing section of
the Stanford Dames at the home
of Mrs. John C. Almuck, 683 Al
varado, Campus.
THURSDAY
12 noon—French Table will meet
for lunch in the Union dining
room. All students are invited.
1:15 p.m.—Members of Ram's Head
will meet in the Green Room to
discuss plans for the Big Game
Gaieties.
2:30 p.m.—Meeting of the reading
group of the Stanford Dames at
the home of Mrs. Ellwood Cub
berley, 610 Cabrillo, Campus. All
members of the organization in
vited.
8 p.m.—Daily tryoutee meeting will
be held Thursday evening at 8
o'clock instead of Wednesday eve
ning, as previously announced.
7:30 p.m.—The Christian Science
Society will meet on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
FRIDAY
8 p.m.—Cosmopolitan Club is hold
ing a party in the Old Union. All
persons interested arc cordially
invited.
2:30 p.m.—First meeting of the
quarter of the sewing section of
the Stanford Dames at the home
of Mrs. John C. Almuck, 683 Al
varado, Campus.
THURSDAY
12 noon—French Table will meet
for lunch in the Union dining
room. All students are invited.
1:15 p.m.—Members of Ram's Head
will meet in the Green Room to
discuss plans for the Big Game
Gaieties.
2:30 p.m.—Meeting of the reading
group of the Stanford Dames at
the home of Mrs. Ellwood Cub
berley, 610 Cabrillo, Campus. All
members of the organization in
vited.
8 p.m.—Daily tryoutee meeting will
be held Thursday evening at 8
o'clock instead of Wednesday eve
ning, as previously announced.
7:30 p.m.—The Christian Science
Society will meet on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
FRIDAY
8 p.m.—Cosmopolitan Club is hold
ing a party in the Old Union. All
persons interested arc cordially
invited.
2:30 p.m.—First meeting of the
quarter of the sewing section of
the Stanford Dames at the home
of Mrs. John C. Almuck, 683 Al
varado, Campus.
THURSDAY
12 noon—French Table will meet
for lunch in the Union dining
room. All students are invited.
1:15 p.m.—Members of Ram's Head
will meet in the Green Room to
discuss plans for the Big Game
Gaieties.
2:30 p.m.—Meeting of the reading
group of the Stanford Dames at
the home of Mrs. Ellwood Cub
berley, 610 Cabrillo, Campus. All
members of the organization in
vited.
8 p.m.—Daily tryoutee meeting will
be held Thursday evening at 8
o'clock instead of Wednesday eve
ning, as previously announced.
7:30 p.m.—The Christian Science
Society will meet on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
FRIDAY
8 p.m.—Cosmopolitan Club is hold
ing a party in the Old Union. All
persons interested arc cordially
invited.
2:30 p.m.—First meeting of the
quarter of the sewing section of
the Stanford Dames at the home
of Mrs. John C. Almuck, 683 Al
varado, Campus.
THURSDAY
12 noon—French Table will meet
for lunch in the Union dining
room. All students are invited.
1:15 p.m.—Members of Ram's Head
will meet in the Green Room to
discuss plans for the Big Game
Gaieties.
2:30 p.m.—Meeting of the reading
group of the Stanford Dames at
the home of Mrs. Ellwood Cub
berley, 610 Cabrillo, Campus. All
members of the organization in
vited.
8 p.m.—Daily tryoutee meeting will
be held Thursday evening at 8
o'clock instead of Wednesday eve
ning, as previously announced.
7:30 p.m.—The Christian Science
Society will meet on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
FRIDAY
8 p.m.—Cosmopolitan Club is hold
ing a party in the Old Union. All
persons interested arc cordially
invited.
2:30 p.m.—First meeting of the
quarter of the sewing section of
the Stanford Dames at the home
of Mrs. John C. Almuck, 683 Al
varado, Campus.
THURSDAY
12 noon—French Table will meet
for lunch in the Union dining
room. All students are invited.
1:15 p.m.—Members of Ram's Head
will meet in the Green Room to
discuss plans for the Big Game
Gaieties.
2:30 p.m.—Meeting of the reading
group of the Stanford Dames at
the home of Mrs. Ellwood Cub
berley, 610 Cabrillo, Campus. All
members of the organization in
vited.
8 p.m.—Daily tryoutee meeting will
be held Thursday evening at 8
o'clock instead of Wednesday eve
ning, as previously announced.
7:30 p.m.—The Christian Science
Society will meet on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
FRIDAY
8 p.m.—Cosmopolitan Club is hold
ing a party in the Old Union. All
persons interested arc cordially
invited.
2:30 p.m.—First meeting of the
quarter of the sewing section of
the Stanford Dames at the home
of Mrs. John C. Almuck, 683 Al
varado, Campus.
THURSDAY
12 noon—French Table will meet
for lunch in the Union dining
room. All students are invited.
1:15 p.m.—Members of Ram's Head
will meet in the Green Room to
discuss plans for the Big Game
Gaieties.
2:30 p.m.—Meeting of the reading
group of the Stanford Dames at
the home of Mrs. Ellwood Cub
berley, 610 Cabrillo, Campus. All
members of the organization in
vited.
8 p.m.—Daily tryoutee meeting will
be held Thursday evening at 8
o'clock instead of Wednesday eve
ning, as previously announced.
7:30 p.m.—The Christian Science
Society will meet on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
FRIDAY
8 p.m.—Cosmopolitan Club is hold
ing a party in the Old Union. All
persons interested arc cordially
invited.
