# Chairman Named
## 
### 
Dr. Count D. Gibson, Jr., a
nationally recognized leader in
community health program ad
ministration, has been appointed
professor and chairman of the
Department of Community and
Preventive Medicine at Stanford
University School of Medicine.
Announcement of Dr. Gibson's
appointment was made by Dr.
Robert J. Glaser, vice-president
for medical affairs and dean of the
medical school.
Dr. Count D. Gibson, Jr., a
nationally recognized leader in
community health program ad
ministration, has been appointed
professor and chairman of the
Department of Community and
Preventive Medicine at Stanford
University School of Medicine.
Announcement of Dr. Gibson's
appointment was made by Dr.
Robert J. Glaser, vice-president
for medical affairs and dean of the
medical school.
Dr. Count D. Gibson, Jr., a
nationally recognized leader in
community health program ad
ministration, has been appointed
professor and chairman of the
Department of Community and
Preventive Medicine at Stanford
University School of Medicine.
Announcement of Dr. Gibson's
appointment was made by Dr.
Robert J. Glaser, vice-president
for medical affairs and dean of the
medical school.
Dr. Count D. Gibson, Jr., a
nationally recognized leader in
community health program ad
ministration, has been appointed
professor and chairman of the
Department of Community and
Preventive Medicine at Stanford
University School of Medicine.
Announcement of Dr. Gibson's
appointment was made by Dr.
Robert J. Glaser, vice-president
for medical affairs and dean of the
medical school.
Dr. Count D. Gibson, Jr., a
nationally recognized leader in
community health program ad
ministration, has been appointed
professor and chairman of the
Department of Community and
Preventive Medicine at Stanford
University School of Medicine.
Announcement of Dr. Gibson's
appointment was made by Dr.
Robert J. Glaser, vice-president
for medical affairs and dean of the
medical school.
Dr. Count D. Gibson, Jr., a
nationally recognized leader in
community health program ad
ministration, has been appointed
professor and chairman of the
Department of Community and
Preventive Medicine at Stanford
University School of Medicine.
Announcement of Dr. Gibson's
appointment was made by Dr.
Robert J. Glaser, vice-president
for medical affairs and dean of the
medical school.
Dr. Count D. Gibson, Jr., a
nationally recognized leader in
community health program ad
ministration, has been appointed
professor and chairman of the
Department of Community and
Preventive Medicine at Stanford
University School of Medicine.
Announcement of Dr. Gibson's
appointment was made by Dr.
Robert J. Glaser, vice-president
for medical affairs and dean of the
medical school.
Dr. Count D. Gibson, Jr., a
nationally recognized leader in
community health program ad
ministration, has been appointed
professor and chairman of the
Department of Community and
Preventive Medicine at Stanford
University School of Medicine.
Announcement of Dr. Gibson's
appointment was made by Dr.
Robert J. Glaser, vice-president
for medical affairs and dean of the
medical school.
Dr. Count D. Gibson, Jr., a
nationally recognized leader in
community health program ad
ministration, has been appointed
professor and chairman of the
Department of Community and
Preventive Medicine at Stanford
University School of Medicine.
Announcement of Dr. Gibson's
appointment was made by Dr.
Robert J. Glaser, vice-president
for medical affairs and dean of the
medical school.
Dr. Count D. Gibson, Jr., a
nationally recognized leader in
community health program ad
ministration, has been appointed
professor and chairman of the
Department of Community and
Preventive Medicine at Stanford
University School of Medicine.
Announcement of Dr. Gibson's
appointment was made by Dr.
Robert J. Glaser, vice-president
for medical affairs and dean of the
medical school.
Dr. Count D. Gibson, Jr., a
nationally recognized leader in
community health program ad
ministration, has been appointed
professor and chairman of the
Department of Community and
Preventive Medicine at Stanford
University School of Medicine.
Announcement of Dr. Gibson's
appointment was made by Dr.
Robert J. Glaser, vice-president
for medical affairs and dean of the
medical school.
Dr. Count D. Gibson, Jr., a
nationally recognized leader in
community health program ad
ministration, has been appointed
professor and chairman of the
Department of Community and
Preventive Medicine at Stanford
University School of Medicine.
Announcement of Dr. Gibson's
appointment was made by Dr.
Robert J. Glaser, vice-president
for medical affairs and dean of the
medical school.
Dr. Count D. Gibson, Jr., a
nationally recognized leader in
community health program ad
ministration, has been appointed
professor and chairman of the
Department of Community and
Preventive Medicine at Stanford
University School of Medicine.
Announcement of Dr. Gibson's
appointment was made by Dr.
Robert J. Glaser, vice-president
for medical affairs and dean of the
medical school.
Dr. Count D. Gibson, Jr., a
nationally recognized leader in
community health program ad
ministration, has been appointed
professor and chairman of the
Department of Community and
Preventive Medicine at Stanford
University School of Medicine.
Announcement of Dr. Gibson's
appointment was made by Dr.
Robert J. Glaser, vice-president
for medical affairs and dean of the
medical school.
