# Adv. 14 Page 3
## 
### 
Deadline for Daily classified ads
is 4:150 p.m. on the day before
publication.
Deadline for Daily classified ads
is 4:150 p.m. on the day before
publication.
Deadline for Daily classified ads
is 4:150 p.m. on the day before
publication.
Deadline for Daily classified ads
is 4:150 p.m. on the day before
publication.
Deadline for Daily classified ads
is 4:150 p.m. on the day before
publication.
Deadline for Daily classified ads
is 4:150 p.m. on the day before
publication.
Deadline for Daily classified ads
is 4:150 p.m. on the day before
publication.
Deadline for Daily classified ads
is 4:150 p.m. on the day before
publication.
Deadline for Daily classified ads
is 4:150 p.m. on the day before
publication.
Deadline for Daily classified ads
is 4:150 p.m. on the day before
publication.
Deadline for Daily classified ads
is 4:150 p.m. on the day before
publication.
Deadline for Daily classified ads
is 4:150 p.m. on the day before
publication.
Deadline for Daily classified ads
is 4:150 p.m. on the day before
publication.
Deadline for Daily classified ads
is 4:150 p.m. on the day before
publication.
Deadline for Daily classified ads
is 4:150 p.m. on the day before
publication.
Deadline for Daily classified ads
is 4:150 p.m. on the day before
publication.
