# Adv. 4 Page 2
## 
### 
SALE
78 rpm classical sets ... i
no extra charge for the
dust if they've been here '
a long time.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
GUARANTEED
REPAIRING
Watches Repaired
Beads Restrung
eatr & m ' ss
JEWELERS
121 University DA 2-8556
Next to Roos Bros.
SALE
78 rpm classical sets ... i
no extra charge for the
dust if they've been here '
a long time.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
GUARANTEED
REPAIRING
Watches Repaired
Beads Restrung
eatr & m ' ss
JEWELERS
121 University DA 2-8556
Next to Roos Bros.
SALE
78 rpm classical sets ... i
no extra charge for the
dust if they've been here '
a long time.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
GUARANTEED
REPAIRING
Watches Repaired
Beads Restrung
eatr & m ' ss
JEWELERS
121 University DA 2-8556
Next to Roos Bros.
SALE
78 rpm classical sets ... i
no extra charge for the
dust if they've been here '
a long time.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
GUARANTEED
REPAIRING
Watches Repaired
Beads Restrung
eatr & m ' ss
JEWELERS
121 University DA 2-8556
Next to Roos Bros.
SALE
78 rpm classical sets ... i
no extra charge for the
dust if they've been here '
a long time.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
GUARANTEED
REPAIRING
Watches Repaired
Beads Restrung
eatr & m ' ss
JEWELERS
121 University DA 2-8556
Next to Roos Bros.
SALE
78 rpm classical sets ... i
no extra charge for the
dust if they've been here '
a long time.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
GUARANTEED
REPAIRING
Watches Repaired
Beads Restrung
eatr & m ' ss
JEWELERS
121 University DA 2-8556
Next to Roos Bros.
SALE
78 rpm classical sets ... i
no extra charge for the
dust if they've been here '
a long time.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
GUARANTEED
REPAIRING
Watches Repaired
Beads Restrung
eatr & m ' ss
JEWELERS
121 University DA 2-8556
Next to Roos Bros.
SALE
78 rpm classical sets ... i
no extra charge for the
dust if they've been here '
a long time.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
GUARANTEED
REPAIRING
Watches Repaired
Beads Restrung
eatr & m ' ss
JEWELERS
121 University DA 2-8556
Next to Roos Bros.
SALE
78 rpm classical sets ... i
no extra charge for the
dust if they've been here '
a long time.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
GUARANTEED
REPAIRING
Watches Repaired
Beads Restrung
eatr & m ' ss
JEWELERS
121 University DA 2-8556
Next to Roos Bros.
SALE
78 rpm classical sets ... i
no extra charge for the
dust if they've been here '
a long time.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
GUARANTEED
REPAIRING
Watches Repaired
Beads Restrung
eatr & m ' ss
JEWELERS
121 University DA 2-8556
Next to Roos Bros.
SALE
78 rpm classical sets ... i
no extra charge for the
dust if they've been here '
a long time.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
GUARANTEED
REPAIRING
Watches Repaired
Beads Restrung
eatr & m ' ss
JEWELERS
121 University DA 2-8556
Next to Roos Bros.
SALE
78 rpm classical sets ... i
no extra charge for the
dust if they've been here '
a long time.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
GUARANTEED
REPAIRING
Watches Repaired
Beads Restrung
eatr & m ' ss
JEWELERS
121 University DA 2-8556
Next to Roos Bros.
SALE
78 rpm classical sets ... i
no extra charge for the
dust if they've been here '
a long time.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
GUARANTEED
REPAIRING
Watches Repaired
Beads Restrung
eatr & m ' ss
JEWELERS
121 University DA 2-8556
Next to Roos Bros.
SALE
78 rpm classical sets ... i
no extra charge for the
dust if they've been here '
a long time.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
GUARANTEED
REPAIRING
Watches Repaired
Beads Restrung
eatr & m ' ss
JEWELERS
121 University DA 2-8556
Next to Roos Bros.
SALE
78 rpm classical sets ... i
no extra charge for the
dust if they've been here '
a long time.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
GUARANTEED
REPAIRING
Watches Repaired
Beads Restrung
eatr & m ' ss
JEWELERS
121 University DA 2-8556
Next to Roos Bros.
SALE
78 rpm classical sets ... i
no extra charge for the
dust if they've been here '
a long time.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
GUARANTEED
REPAIRING
Watches Repaired
Beads Restrung
eatr & m ' ss
JEWELERS
121 University DA 2-8556
Next to Roos Bros.
