# AKL ELECTIONS
## 
### 
Jack Peters was recently elected
president of Alpha Kappa Lambda
fraternity. Other results of the AKL
elections are Mort Yelton, vice-pres
ident; John Stahr, junior represen
tative; Art Breisky, house secre
tary; and Hank Adams, alumni sec
retary.
Jack Peters was recently elected
president of Alpha Kappa Lambda
fraternity. Other results of the AKL
elections are Mort Yelton, vice-pres
ident; John Stahr, junior represen
tative; Art Breisky, house secre
tary; and Hank Adams, alumni sec
retary.
Jack Peters was recently elected
president of Alpha Kappa Lambda
fraternity. Other results of the AKL
elections are Mort Yelton, vice-pres
ident; John Stahr, junior represen
tative; Art Breisky, house secre
tary; and Hank Adams, alumni sec
retary.
Jack Peters was recently elected
president of Alpha Kappa Lambda
fraternity. Other results of the AKL
elections are Mort Yelton, vice-pres
ident; John Stahr, junior represen
tative; Art Breisky, house secre
tary; and Hank Adams, alumni sec
retary.
Jack Peters was recently elected
president of Alpha Kappa Lambda
fraternity. Other results of the AKL
elections are Mort Yelton, vice-pres
ident; John Stahr, junior represen
tative; Art Breisky, house secre
tary; and Hank Adams, alumni sec
retary.
Jack Peters was recently elected
president of Alpha Kappa Lambda
fraternity. Other results of the AKL
elections are Mort Yelton, vice-pres
ident; John Stahr, junior represen
tative; Art Breisky, house secre
tary; and Hank Adams, alumni sec
retary.
Jack Peters was recently elected
president of Alpha Kappa Lambda
fraternity. Other results of the AKL
elections are Mort Yelton, vice-pres
ident; John Stahr, junior represen
tative; Art Breisky, house secre
tary; and Hank Adams, alumni sec
retary.
Jack Peters was recently elected
president of Alpha Kappa Lambda
fraternity. Other results of the AKL
elections are Mort Yelton, vice-pres
ident; John Stahr, junior represen
tative; Art Breisky, house secre
tary; and Hank Adams, alumni sec
retary.
Jack Peters was recently elected
president of Alpha Kappa Lambda
fraternity. Other results of the AKL
elections are Mort Yelton, vice-pres
ident; John Stahr, junior represen
tative; Art Breisky, house secre
tary; and Hank Adams, alumni sec
retary.
Jack Peters was recently elected
president of Alpha Kappa Lambda
fraternity. Other results of the AKL
elections are Mort Yelton, vice-pres
ident; John Stahr, junior represen
tative; Art Breisky, house secre
tary; and Hank Adams, alumni sec
retary.
Jack Peters was recently elected
president of Alpha Kappa Lambda
fraternity. Other results of the AKL
elections are Mort Yelton, vice-pres
ident; John Stahr, junior represen
tative; Art Breisky, house secre
tary; and Hank Adams, alumni sec
retary.
Jack Peters was recently elected
president of Alpha Kappa Lambda
fraternity. Other results of the AKL
elections are Mort Yelton, vice-pres
ident; John Stahr, junior represen
tative; Art Breisky, house secre
tary; and Hank Adams, alumni sec
retary.
Jack Peters was recently elected
president of Alpha Kappa Lambda
fraternity. Other results of the AKL
elections are Mort Yelton, vice-pres
ident; John Stahr, junior represen
tative; Art Breisky, house secre
tary; and Hank Adams, alumni sec
retary.
Jack Peters was recently elected
president of Alpha Kappa Lambda
fraternity. Other results of the AKL
elections are Mort Yelton, vice-pres
ident; John Stahr, junior represen
tative; Art Breisky, house secre
tary; and Hank Adams, alumni sec
retary.
Jack Peters was recently elected
president of Alpha Kappa Lambda
fraternity. Other results of the AKL
elections are Mort Yelton, vice-pres
ident; John Stahr, junior represen
tative; Art Breisky, house secre
tary; and Hank Adams, alumni sec
retary.
Jack Peters was recently elected
president of Alpha Kappa Lambda
fraternity. Other results of the AKL
elections are Mort Yelton, vice-pres
ident; John Stahr, junior represen
tative; Art Breisky, house secre
tary; and Hank Adams, alumni sec
retary.
