# UNDER THE WEATHER
## 
### 
Women's Re:;t Home — Devora
Constanten.
Men's Itest Home — Fred Mim
mack, Howard Feder.
Palo Alto Hospital— Ellen Gensh
lc;i.
Isolation Hospital Kobcrt Grif
fith.
Women's Re:;t Home — Devora
Constanten.
Men's Itest Home — Fred Mim
mack, Howard Feder.
Palo Alto Hospital— Ellen Gensh
lc;i.
Isolation Hospital Kobcrt Grif
fith.
Women's Re:;t Home — Devora
Constanten.
Men's Itest Home — Fred Mim
mack, Howard Feder.
Palo Alto Hospital— Ellen Gensh
lc;i.
Isolation Hospital Kobcrt Grif
fith.
Women's Re:;t Home — Devora
Constanten.
Men's Itest Home — Fred Mim
mack, Howard Feder.
Palo Alto Hospital— Ellen Gensh
lc;i.
Isolation Hospital Kobcrt Grif
fith.
Women's Re:;t Home — Devora
Constanten.
Men's Itest Home — Fred Mim
mack, Howard Feder.
Palo Alto Hospital— Ellen Gensh
lc;i.
Isolation Hospital Kobcrt Grif
fith.
Women's Re:;t Home — Devora
Constanten.
Men's Itest Home — Fred Mim
mack, Howard Feder.
Palo Alto Hospital— Ellen Gensh
lc;i.
Isolation Hospital Kobcrt Grif
fith.
Women's Re:;t Home — Devora
Constanten.
Men's Itest Home — Fred Mim
mack, Howard Feder.
Palo Alto Hospital— Ellen Gensh
lc;i.
Isolation Hospital Kobcrt Grif
fith.
Women's Re:;t Home — Devora
Constanten.
Men's Itest Home — Fred Mim
mack, Howard Feder.
Palo Alto Hospital— Ellen Gensh
lc;i.
Isolation Hospital Kobcrt Grif
fith.
Women's Re:;t Home — Devora
Constanten.
Men's Itest Home — Fred Mim
mack, Howard Feder.
Palo Alto Hospital— Ellen Gensh
lc;i.
Isolation Hospital Kobcrt Grif
fith.
Women's Re:;t Home — Devora
Constanten.
Men's Itest Home — Fred Mim
mack, Howard Feder.
Palo Alto Hospital— Ellen Gensh
lc;i.
Isolation Hospital Kobcrt Grif
fith.
Women's Re:;t Home — Devora
Constanten.
Men's Itest Home — Fred Mim
mack, Howard Feder.
Palo Alto Hospital— Ellen Gensh
lc;i.
Isolation Hospital Kobcrt Grif
fith.
Women's Re:;t Home — Devora
Constanten.
Men's Itest Home — Fred Mim
mack, Howard Feder.
Palo Alto Hospital— Ellen Gensh
lc;i.
Isolation Hospital Kobcrt Grif
fith.
Women's Re:;t Home — Devora
Constanten.
Men's Itest Home — Fred Mim
mack, Howard Feder.
Palo Alto Hospital— Ellen Gensh
lc;i.
Isolation Hospital Kobcrt Grif
fith.
Women's Re:;t Home — Devora
Constanten.
Men's Itest Home — Fred Mim
mack, Howard Feder.
Palo Alto Hospital— Ellen Gensh
lc;i.
Isolation Hospital Kobcrt Grif
fith.
Women's Re:;t Home — Devora
Constanten.
Men's Itest Home — Fred Mim
mack, Howard Feder.
Palo Alto Hospital— Ellen Gensh
lc;i.
Isolation Hospital Kobcrt Grif
fith.
Women's Re:;t Home — Devora
Constanten.
Men's Itest Home — Fred Mim
mack, Howard Feder.
Palo Alto Hospital— Ellen Gensh
lc;i.
Isolation Hospital Kobcrt Grif
fith.
