# PCC Roundup
## 
### 
Stanford's next opponent, UCLA,
split two contests against Bay Area
foes last weekend. They dumped
San Jose State and last Saturday
they were upset by Santa Clara, GG
to 59. Don Johnson hit 22 lor the
losers.
Up north, Washington continued
their drive for the Northern Divi
sion crown by beating Oregon twice.
Six-ft. 8-in. Bob Houlbregs tanked
58 points in the two games.
Stanford's next opponent, UCLA,
split two contests against Bay Area
foes last weekend. They dumped
San Jose State and last Saturday
they were upset by Santa Clara, GG
to 59. Don Johnson hit 22 lor the
losers.
Up north, Washington continued
their drive for the Northern Divi
sion crown by beating Oregon twice.
Six-ft. 8-in. Bob Houlbregs tanked
58 points in the two games.
Stanford's next opponent, UCLA,
split two contests against Bay Area
foes last weekend. They dumped
San Jose State and last Saturday
they were upset by Santa Clara, GG
to 59. Don Johnson hit 22 lor the
losers.
Up north, Washington continued
their drive for the Northern Divi
sion crown by beating Oregon twice.
Six-ft. 8-in. Bob Houlbregs tanked
58 points in the two games.
Stanford's next opponent, UCLA,
split two contests against Bay Area
foes last weekend. They dumped
San Jose State and last Saturday
they were upset by Santa Clara, GG
to 59. Don Johnson hit 22 lor the
losers.
Up north, Washington continued
their drive for the Northern Divi
sion crown by beating Oregon twice.
Six-ft. 8-in. Bob Houlbregs tanked
58 points in the two games.
Stanford's next opponent, UCLA,
split two contests against Bay Area
foes last weekend. They dumped
San Jose State and last Saturday
they were upset by Santa Clara, GG
to 59. Don Johnson hit 22 lor the
losers.
Up north, Washington continued
their drive for the Northern Divi
sion crown by beating Oregon twice.
Six-ft. 8-in. Bob Houlbregs tanked
58 points in the two games.
Stanford's next opponent, UCLA,
split two contests against Bay Area
foes last weekend. They dumped
San Jose State and last Saturday
they were upset by Santa Clara, GG
to 59. Don Johnson hit 22 lor the
losers.
Up north, Washington continued
their drive for the Northern Divi
sion crown by beating Oregon twice.
Six-ft. 8-in. Bob Houlbregs tanked
58 points in the two games.
Stanford's next opponent, UCLA,
split two contests against Bay Area
foes last weekend. They dumped
San Jose State and last Saturday
they were upset by Santa Clara, GG
to 59. Don Johnson hit 22 lor the
losers.
Up north, Washington continued
their drive for the Northern Divi
sion crown by beating Oregon twice.
Six-ft. 8-in. Bob Houlbregs tanked
58 points in the two games.
Stanford's next opponent, UCLA,
split two contests against Bay Area
foes last weekend. They dumped
San Jose State and last Saturday
they were upset by Santa Clara, GG
to 59. Don Johnson hit 22 lor the
losers.
Up north, Washington continued
their drive for the Northern Divi
sion crown by beating Oregon twice.
Six-ft. 8-in. Bob Houlbregs tanked
58 points in the two games.
Stanford's next opponent, UCLA,
split two contests against Bay Area
foes last weekend. They dumped
San Jose State and last Saturday
they were upset by Santa Clara, GG
to 59. Don Johnson hit 22 lor the
losers.
Up north, Washington continued
their drive for the Northern Divi
sion crown by beating Oregon twice.
Six-ft. 8-in. Bob Houlbregs tanked
58 points in the two games.
Stanford's next opponent, UCLA,
split two contests against Bay Area
foes last weekend. They dumped
San Jose State and last Saturday
they were upset by Santa Clara, GG
to 59. Don Johnson hit 22 lor the
losers.
Up north, Washington continued
their drive for the Northern Divi
sion crown by beating Oregon twice.
Six-ft. 8-in. Bob Houlbregs tanked
58 points in the two games.
Stanford's next opponent, UCLA,
split two contests against Bay Area
foes last weekend. They dumped
San Jose State and last Saturday
they were upset by Santa Clara, GG
to 59. Don Johnson hit 22 lor the
losers.
Up north, Washington continued
their drive for the Northern Divi
sion crown by beating Oregon twice.
Six-ft. 8-in. Bob Houlbregs tanked
58 points in the two games.
Stanford's next opponent, UCLA,
split two contests against Bay Area
foes last weekend. They dumped
San Jose State and last Saturday
they were upset by Santa Clara, GG
to 59. Don Johnson hit 22 lor the
losers.
Up north, Washington continued
their drive for the Northern Divi
sion crown by beating Oregon twice.
Six-ft. 8-in. Bob Houlbregs tanked
58 points in the two games.
Stanford's next opponent, UCLA,
split two contests against Bay Area
foes last weekend. They dumped
San Jose State and last Saturday
they were upset by Santa Clara, GG
to 59. Don Johnson hit 22 lor the
losers.
Up north, Washington continued
their drive for the Northern Divi
sion crown by beating Oregon twice.
Six-ft. 8-in. Bob Houlbregs tanked
58 points in the two games.
Stanford's next opponent, UCLA,
split two contests against Bay Area
foes last weekend. They dumped
San Jose State and last Saturday
they were upset by Santa Clara, GG
to 59. Don Johnson hit 22 lor the
losers.
Up north, Washington continued
their drive for the Northern Divi
sion crown by beating Oregon twice.
Six-ft. 8-in. Bob Houlbregs tanked
58 points in the two games.
Stanford's next opponent, UCLA,
split two contests against Bay Area
foes last weekend. They dumped
San Jose State and last Saturday
they were upset by Santa Clara, GG
to 59. Don Johnson hit 22 lor the
losers.
Up north, Washington continued
their drive for the Northern Divi
sion crown by beating Oregon twice.
Six-ft. 8-in. Bob Houlbregs tanked
58 points in the two games.
Stanford's next opponent, UCLA,
split two contests against Bay Area
foes last weekend. They dumped
San Jose State and last Saturday
they were upset by Santa Clara, GG
to 59. Don Johnson hit 22 lor the
losers.
Up north, Washington continued
their drive for the Northern Divi
sion crown by beating Oregon twice.
Six-ft. 8-in. Bob Houlbregs tanked
58 points in the two games.
