# Program Orders Due Next Week
## 
### 
Orders for graduation programs
and announcements may be placed
at the Bookstore up to Friday,
April 19. A preliminary order will
be sent in at that time so that the
stationers can make an estimate of
the total number to be printed.
Further orders will be taken after
this date.
Seniors and candidates for ad
vanced degrees are urged to place
their orders as soon as possible to
ensure delivery in time for mailing
before graduation.
Programs are priced at $1 each;
announcements are 10 cents apiece.
Containing pictures taken on cam
pus, names of seniors who have
headed student activities, candidates
for advanced degrees, and graduat
ing seniors, programs will be bound
in white leather and will serve as
souvenirs for Farm graduates.
Orders for graduation programs
and announcements may be placed
at the Bookstore up to Friday,
April 19. A preliminary order will
be sent in at that time so that the
stationers can make an estimate of
the total number to be printed.
Further orders will be taken after
this date.
Seniors and candidates for ad
vanced degrees are urged to place
their orders as soon as possible to
ensure delivery in time for mailing
before graduation.
Programs are priced at $1 each;
announcements are 10 cents apiece.
Containing pictures taken on cam
pus, names of seniors who have
headed student activities, candidates
for advanced degrees, and graduat
ing seniors, programs will be bound
in white leather and will serve as
souvenirs for Farm graduates.
Orders for graduation programs
and announcements may be placed
at the Bookstore up to Friday,
April 19. A preliminary order will
be sent in at that time so that the
stationers can make an estimate of
the total number to be printed.
Further orders will be taken after
this date.
Seniors and candidates for ad
vanced degrees are urged to place
their orders as soon as possible to
ensure delivery in time for mailing
before graduation.
Programs are priced at $1 each;
announcements are 10 cents apiece.
Containing pictures taken on cam
pus, names of seniors who have
headed student activities, candidates
for advanced degrees, and graduat
ing seniors, programs will be bound
in white leather and will serve as
souvenirs for Farm graduates.
Orders for graduation programs
and announcements may be placed
at the Bookstore up to Friday,
April 19. A preliminary order will
be sent in at that time so that the
stationers can make an estimate of
the total number to be printed.
Further orders will be taken after
this date.
Seniors and candidates for ad
vanced degrees are urged to place
their orders as soon as possible to
ensure delivery in time for mailing
before graduation.
Programs are priced at $1 each;
announcements are 10 cents apiece.
Containing pictures taken on cam
pus, names of seniors who have
headed student activities, candidates
for advanced degrees, and graduat
ing seniors, programs will be bound
in white leather and will serve as
souvenirs for Farm graduates.
Orders for graduation programs
and announcements may be placed
at the Bookstore up to Friday,
April 19. A preliminary order will
be sent in at that time so that the
stationers can make an estimate of
the total number to be printed.
Further orders will be taken after
this date.
Seniors and candidates for ad
vanced degrees are urged to place
their orders as soon as possible to
ensure delivery in time for mailing
before graduation.
Programs are priced at $1 each;
announcements are 10 cents apiece.
Containing pictures taken on cam
pus, names of seniors who have
headed student activities, candidates
for advanced degrees, and graduat
ing seniors, programs will be bound
in white leather and will serve as
souvenirs for Farm graduates.
Orders for graduation programs
and announcements may be placed
at the Bookstore up to Friday,
April 19. A preliminary order will
be sent in at that time so that the
stationers can make an estimate of
the total number to be printed.
Further orders will be taken after
this date.
Seniors and candidates for ad
vanced degrees are urged to place
their orders as soon as possible to
ensure delivery in time for mailing
before graduation.
Programs are priced at $1 each;
announcements are 10 cents apiece.
Containing pictures taken on cam
pus, names of seniors who have
headed student activities, candidates
for advanced degrees, and graduat
ing seniors, programs will be bound
in white leather and will serve as
souvenirs for Farm graduates.
Orders for graduation programs
and announcements may be placed
at the Bookstore up to Friday,
April 19. A preliminary order will
be sent in at that time so that the
stationers can make an estimate of
the total number to be printed.
Further orders will be taken after
this date.
Seniors and candidates for ad
vanced degrees are urged to place
their orders as soon as possible to
ensure delivery in time for mailing
before graduation.
Programs are priced at $1 each;
announcements are 10 cents apiece.
Containing pictures taken on cam
pus, names of seniors who have
headed student activities, candidates
for advanced degrees, and graduat
ing seniors, programs will be bound
in white leather and will serve as
souvenirs for Farm graduates.
Orders for graduation programs
and announcements may be placed
at the Bookstore up to Friday,
April 19. A preliminary order will
be sent in at that time so that the
stationers can make an estimate of
the total number to be printed.
Further orders will be taken after
this date.
Seniors and candidates for ad
vanced degrees are urged to place
their orders as soon as possible to
ensure delivery in time for mailing
before graduation.
Programs are priced at $1 each;
announcements are 10 cents apiece.
Containing pictures taken on cam
pus, names of seniors who have
headed student activities, candidates
for advanced degrees, and graduat
ing seniors, programs will be bound
in white leather and will serve as
souvenirs for Farm graduates.
Orders for graduation programs
and announcements may be placed
at the Bookstore up to Friday,
April 19. A preliminary order will
be sent in at that time so that the
stationers can make an estimate of
the total number to be printed.
Further orders will be taken after
this date.
Seniors and candidates for ad
vanced degrees are urged to place
their orders as soon as possible to
ensure delivery in time for mailing
before graduation.
Programs are priced at $1 each;
announcements are 10 cents apiece.
Containing pictures taken on cam
pus, names of seniors who have
headed student activities, candidates
for advanced degrees, and graduat
ing seniors, programs will be bound
in white leather and will serve as
souvenirs for Farm graduates.
Orders for graduation programs
and announcements may be placed
at the Bookstore up to Friday,
April 19. A preliminary order will
be sent in at that time so that the
stationers can make an estimate of
the total number to be printed.
Further orders will be taken after
this date.
Seniors and candidates for ad
vanced degrees are urged to place
their orders as soon as possible to
ensure delivery in time for mailing
before graduation.
Programs are priced at $1 each;
announcements are 10 cents apiece.
Containing pictures taken on cam
pus, names of seniors who have
headed student activities, candidates
for advanced degrees, and graduat
ing seniors, programs will be bound
in white leather and will serve as
souvenirs for Farm graduates.
Orders for graduation programs
and announcements may be placed
at the Bookstore up to Friday,
April 19. A preliminary order will
be sent in at that time so that the
stationers can make an estimate of
the total number to be printed.
Further orders will be taken after
this date.
Seniors and candidates for ad
vanced degrees are urged to place
their orders as soon as possible to
ensure delivery in time for mailing
before graduation.
Programs are priced at $1 each;
announcements are 10 cents apiece.
Containing pictures taken on cam
pus, names of seniors who have
headed student activities, candidates
for advanced degrees, and graduat
ing seniors, programs will be bound
in white leather and will serve as
souvenirs for Farm graduates.
Orders for graduation programs
and announcements may be placed
at the Bookstore up to Friday,
April 19. A preliminary order will
be sent in at that time so that the
stationers can make an estimate of
the total number to be printed.
Further orders will be taken after
this date.
Seniors and candidates for ad
vanced degrees are urged to place
their orders as soon as possible to
ensure delivery in time for mailing
before graduation.
Programs are priced at $1 each;
announcements are 10 cents apiece.
Containing pictures taken on cam
pus, names of seniors who have
headed student activities, candidates
for advanced degrees, and graduat
ing seniors, programs will be bound
in white leather and will serve as
souvenirs for Farm graduates.
Orders for graduation programs
and announcements may be placed
at the Bookstore up to Friday,
April 19. A preliminary order will
be sent in at that time so that the
stationers can make an estimate of
the total number to be printed.
Further orders will be taken after
this date.
Seniors and candidates for ad
vanced degrees are urged to place
their orders as soon as possible to
ensure delivery in time for mailing
before graduation.
Programs are priced at $1 each;
announcements are 10 cents apiece.
Containing pictures taken on cam
pus, names of seniors who have
headed student activities, candidates
for advanced degrees, and graduat
ing seniors, programs will be bound
in white leather and will serve as
souvenirs for Farm graduates.
Orders for graduation programs
and announcements may be placed
at the Bookstore up to Friday,
April 19. A preliminary order will
be sent in at that time so that the
stationers can make an estimate of
the total number to be printed.
Further orders will be taken after
this date.
Seniors and candidates for ad
vanced degrees are urged to place
their orders as soon as possible to
ensure delivery in time for mailing
before graduation.
Programs are priced at $1 each;
announcements are 10 cents apiece.
Containing pictures taken on cam
pus, names of seniors who have
headed student activities, candidates
for advanced degrees, and graduat
ing seniors, programs will be bound
in white leather and will serve as
souvenirs for Farm graduates.
Orders for graduation programs
and announcements may be placed
at the Bookstore up to Friday,
April 19. A preliminary order will
be sent in at that time so that the
stationers can make an estimate of
the total number to be printed.
Further orders will be taken after
this date.
Seniors and candidates for ad
vanced degrees are urged to place
their orders as soon as possible to
ensure delivery in time for mailing
before graduation.
Programs are priced at $1 each;
announcements are 10 cents apiece.
Containing pictures taken on cam
pus, names of seniors who have
headed student activities, candidates
for advanced degrees, and graduat
ing seniors, programs will be bound
in white leather and will serve as
souvenirs for Farm graduates.
Orders for graduation programs
and announcements may be placed
at the Bookstore up to Friday,
April 19. A preliminary order will
be sent in at that time so that the
stationers can make an estimate of
the total number to be printed.
Further orders will be taken after
this date.
Seniors and candidates for ad
vanced degrees are urged to place
their orders as soon as possible to
ensure delivery in time for mailing
before graduation.
Programs are priced at $1 each;
announcements are 10 cents apiece.
Containing pictures taken on cam
pus, names of seniors who have
headed student activities, candidates
for advanced degrees, and graduat
ing seniors, programs will be bound
in white leather and will serve as
souvenirs for Farm graduates.
Orders for graduation programs
and announcements may be placed
at the Bookstore up to Friday,
April 19. A preliminary order will
be sent in at that time so that the
stationers can make an estimate of
the total number to be printed.
Further orders will be taken after
this date.
Seniors and candidates for ad
vanced degrees are urged to place
their orders as soon as possible to
ensure delivery in time for mailing
before graduation.
Programs are priced at $1 each;
announcements are 10 cents apiece.
Containing pictures taken on cam
pus, names of seniors who have
headed student activities, candidates
for advanced degrees, and graduat
ing seniors, programs will be bound
in white leather and will serve as
souvenirs for Farm graduates.
