# The 						Stanford Daily SPORTS
## FRANK GUTHRIE, Sports Editor SHAUGHNESSY'S CALL ANSWERED 
### 

AMONG THE FARM'S record number of spring grid practicers un
der Coach Clark Shaughnessy are Henry Hinds, Johnny Sturgeon.
Glenn (Cookie) South, and Hugh Gallarneau, shown here with sev
eral of their prospective teammates in a huddle with the new coach.

AMONG THE FARM'S record number of spring grid practicers un
der Coach Clark Shaughnessy are Henry Hinds, Johnny Sturgeon.
Glenn (Cookie) South, and Hugh Gallarneau, shown here with sev
eral of their prospective teammates in a huddle with the new coach.

AMONG THE FARM'S record number of spring grid practicers un
der Coach Clark Shaughnessy are Henry Hinds, Johnny Sturgeon.
Glenn (Cookie) South, and Hugh Gallarneau, shown here with sev
eral of their prospective teammates in a huddle with the new coach.

AMONG THE FARM'S record number of spring grid practicers un
der Coach Clark Shaughnessy are Henry Hinds, Johnny Sturgeon.
Glenn (Cookie) South, and Hugh Gallarneau, shown here with sev
eral of their prospective teammates in a huddle with the new coach.

AMONG THE FARM'S record number of spring grid practicers un
der Coach Clark Shaughnessy are Henry Hinds, Johnny Sturgeon.
Glenn (Cookie) South, and Hugh Gallarneau, shown here with sev
eral of their prospective teammates in a huddle with the new coach.

AMONG THE FARM'S record number of spring grid practicers un
der Coach Clark Shaughnessy are Henry Hinds, Johnny Sturgeon.
Glenn (Cookie) South, and Hugh Gallarneau, shown here with sev
eral of their prospective teammates in a huddle with the new coach.

AMONG THE FARM'S record number of spring grid practicers un
der Coach Clark Shaughnessy are Henry Hinds, Johnny Sturgeon.
Glenn (Cookie) South, and Hugh Gallarneau, shown here with sev
eral of their prospective teammates in a huddle with the new coach.

AMONG THE FARM'S record number of spring grid practicers un
der Coach Clark Shaughnessy are Henry Hinds, Johnny Sturgeon.
Glenn (Cookie) South, and Hugh Gallarneau, shown here with sev
eral of their prospective teammates in a huddle with the new coach.

AMONG THE FARM'S record number of spring grid practicers un
der Coach Clark Shaughnessy are Henry Hinds, Johnny Sturgeon.
Glenn (Cookie) South, and Hugh Gallarneau, shown here with sev
eral of their prospective teammates in a huddle with the new coach.

AMONG THE FARM'S record number of spring grid practicers un
der Coach Clark Shaughnessy are Henry Hinds, Johnny Sturgeon.
Glenn (Cookie) South, and Hugh Gallarneau, shown here with sev
eral of their prospective teammates in a huddle with the new coach.

AMONG THE FARM'S record number of spring grid practicers un
der Coach Clark Shaughnessy are Henry Hinds, Johnny Sturgeon.
Glenn (Cookie) South, and Hugh Gallarneau, shown here with sev
eral of their prospective teammates in a huddle with the new coach.

AMONG THE FARM'S record number of spring grid practicers un
der Coach Clark Shaughnessy are Henry Hinds, Johnny Sturgeon.
Glenn (Cookie) South, and Hugh Gallarneau, shown here with sev
eral of their prospective teammates in a huddle with the new coach.

AMONG THE FARM'S record number of spring grid practicers un
der Coach Clark Shaughnessy are Henry Hinds, Johnny Sturgeon.
Glenn (Cookie) South, and Hugh Gallarneau, shown here with sev
eral of their prospective teammates in a huddle with the new coach.

AMONG THE FARM'S record number of spring grid practicers un
der Coach Clark Shaughnessy are Henry Hinds, Johnny Sturgeon.
Glenn (Cookie) South, and Hugh Gallarneau, shown here with sev
eral of their prospective teammates in a huddle with the new coach.

AMONG THE FARM'S record number of spring grid practicers un
der Coach Clark Shaughnessy are Henry Hinds, Johnny Sturgeon.
Glenn (Cookie) South, and Hugh Gallarneau, shown here with sev
eral of their prospective teammates in a huddle with the new coach.

AMONG THE FARM'S record number of spring grid practicers un
der Coach Clark Shaughnessy are Henry Hinds, Johnny Sturgeon.
Glenn (Cookie) South, and Hugh Gallarneau, shown here with sev
eral of their prospective teammates in a huddle with the new coach.

AMONG THE FARM'S record number of spring grid practicers un
der Coach Clark Shaughnessy are Henry Hinds, Johnny Sturgeon.
Glenn (Cookie) South, and Hugh Gallarneau, shown here with sev
eral of their prospective teammates in a huddle with the new coach.
