# Cardinal Flyers To Host Meet
## 
### 
The Stanford Flying Club an
nounced that the Pacific Coast In
tercollegiate Flying Meet will be
held at the Palo Alto Airport on
April 27. Contenders in the meet,
along with Stanford, will be the
Flying Clubs of California, U.S.C.,
and possibly those of San Diego
State and U.C.L.A.
All the regular events of intercol
legiate meets are planned—the most
important of which are bomb drop
ping, paper strafing, and spot land
ing.
Competition for members of the
Farm club who will compete will
take place during the next two
weeks, definite times to be an
nounced later.
Frank Martin, president of the
Stanford Club, was elected Western
regional vice-president of the na
tional organization of which colle
giate flying clubs are members.
There is one national president and
four regional vice-presidents of the
organization.
SAN FRANCISCO. April 11 (UP).
—Radio Corporation ol America an
nounced today it would inaugurate
Transpacific radio picture transmis
sion between San Francisco and
Tokyo at 4 p.m. April 14. Pictures
can be transmitted to and from both
points, RCA said.
