# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Harvard began its 276th year on Sep
tember 23 with an estimated enroll
ment of 4,500 students. Yale opened
its 212 th year on September 20. Dart
mouth is 144 years old, and Brown is
140 years.
Harvard began its 276th year on Sep
tember 23 with an estimated enroll
ment of 4,500 students. Yale opened
its 212 th year on September 20. Dart
mouth is 144 years old, and Brown is
140 years.
Harvard began its 276th year on Sep
tember 23 with an estimated enroll
ment of 4,500 students. Yale opened
its 212 th year on September 20. Dart
mouth is 144 years old, and Brown is
140 years.
Harvard began its 276th year on Sep
tember 23 with an estimated enroll
ment of 4,500 students. Yale opened
its 212 th year on September 20. Dart
mouth is 144 years old, and Brown is
140 years.
Harvard began its 276th year on Sep
tember 23 with an estimated enroll
ment of 4,500 students. Yale opened
its 212 th year on September 20. Dart
mouth is 144 years old, and Brown is
140 years.
Harvard began its 276th year on Sep
tember 23 with an estimated enroll
ment of 4,500 students. Yale opened
its 212 th year on September 20. Dart
mouth is 144 years old, and Brown is
140 years.
Harvard began its 276th year on Sep
tember 23 with an estimated enroll
ment of 4,500 students. Yale opened
its 212 th year on September 20. Dart
mouth is 144 years old, and Brown is
140 years.
Harvard began its 276th year on Sep
tember 23 with an estimated enroll
ment of 4,500 students. Yale opened
its 212 th year on September 20. Dart
mouth is 144 years old, and Brown is
140 years.
Harvard began its 276th year on Sep
tember 23 with an estimated enroll
ment of 4,500 students. Yale opened
its 212 th year on September 20. Dart
mouth is 144 years old, and Brown is
140 years.
Harvard began its 276th year on Sep
tember 23 with an estimated enroll
ment of 4,500 students. Yale opened
its 212 th year on September 20. Dart
mouth is 144 years old, and Brown is
140 years.
Harvard began its 276th year on Sep
tember 23 with an estimated enroll
ment of 4,500 students. Yale opened
its 212 th year on September 20. Dart
mouth is 144 years old, and Brown is
140 years.
Harvard began its 276th year on Sep
tember 23 with an estimated enroll
ment of 4,500 students. Yale opened
its 212 th year on September 20. Dart
mouth is 144 years old, and Brown is
140 years.
Harvard began its 276th year on Sep
tember 23 with an estimated enroll
ment of 4,500 students. Yale opened
its 212 th year on September 20. Dart
mouth is 144 years old, and Brown is
140 years.
