# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—Harvard, Yale, Columbia,
Massachusetts Institute of Tech
nology, and the Colorado School of
Mines are arranging to lease a
mine in Colorado. An expedition
composed of students of the sum
mer schools of these universities
will work the mine under the direc
tion of the faculty.
—Harvard, Yale, Columbia,
Massachusetts Institute of Tech
nology, and the Colorado School of
Mines are arranging to lease a
mine in Colorado. An expedition
composed of students of the sum
mer schools of these universities
will work the mine under the direc
tion of the faculty.
—Harvard, Yale, Columbia,
Massachusetts Institute of Tech
nology, and the Colorado School of
Mines are arranging to lease a
mine in Colorado. An expedition
composed of students of the sum
mer schools of these universities
will work the mine under the direc
tion of the faculty.
—Harvard, Yale, Columbia,
Massachusetts Institute of Tech
nology, and the Colorado School of
Mines are arranging to lease a
mine in Colorado. An expedition
composed of students of the sum
mer schools of these universities
will work the mine under the direc
tion of the faculty.
—Harvard, Yale, Columbia,
Massachusetts Institute of Tech
nology, and the Colorado School of
Mines are arranging to lease a
mine in Colorado. An expedition
composed of students of the sum
mer schools of these universities
will work the mine under the direc
tion of the faculty.
—Harvard, Yale, Columbia,
Massachusetts Institute of Tech
nology, and the Colorado School of
Mines are arranging to lease a
mine in Colorado. An expedition
composed of students of the sum
mer schools of these universities
will work the mine under the direc
tion of the faculty.
—Harvard, Yale, Columbia,
Massachusetts Institute of Tech
nology, and the Colorado School of
Mines are arranging to lease a
mine in Colorado. An expedition
composed of students of the sum
mer schools of these universities
will work the mine under the direc
tion of the faculty.
—Harvard, Yale, Columbia,
Massachusetts Institute of Tech
nology, and the Colorado School of
Mines are arranging to lease a
mine in Colorado. An expedition
composed of students of the sum
mer schools of these universities
will work the mine under the direc
tion of the faculty.
