# Absent on Leave.
## 
### 
Prof. V. L. Kellogg, head of the
Entomology department, will be
absent on leave in Europe for all of
next year. He will spend most of
his time in Germany, Italy and
England pursuing scientific invest
igation, and sightseeing. While he
is away Mrs. 11. G. Bell will take
his place in the laboratory and
supervise the work of tn- advanced
classes.
Prof. V. L. Kellogg, head of the
Entomology department, will be
absent on leave in Europe for all of
next year. He will spend most of
his time in Germany, Italy and
England pursuing scientific invest
igation, and sightseeing. While he
is away Mrs. 11. G. Bell will take
his place in the laboratory and
supervise the work of tn- advanced
classes.
Prof. V. L. Kellogg, head of the
Entomology department, will be
absent on leave in Europe for all of
next year. He will spend most of
his time in Germany, Italy and
England pursuing scientific invest
igation, and sightseeing. While he
is away Mrs. 11. G. Bell will take
his place in the laboratory and
supervise the work of tn- advanced
classes.
Prof. V. L. Kellogg, head of the
Entomology department, will be
absent on leave in Europe for all of
next year. He will spend most of
his time in Germany, Italy and
England pursuing scientific invest
igation, and sightseeing. While he
is away Mrs. 11. G. Bell will take
his place in the laboratory and
supervise the work of tn- advanced
classes.
Prof. V. L. Kellogg, head of the
Entomology department, will be
absent on leave in Europe for all of
next year. He will spend most of
his time in Germany, Italy and
England pursuing scientific invest
igation, and sightseeing. While he
is away Mrs. 11. G. Bell will take
his place in the laboratory and
supervise the work of tn- advanced
classes.
Prof. V. L. Kellogg, head of the
Entomology department, will be
absent on leave in Europe for all of
next year. He will spend most of
his time in Germany, Italy and
England pursuing scientific invest
igation, and sightseeing. While he
is away Mrs. 11. G. Bell will take
his place in the laboratory and
supervise the work of tn- advanced
classes.
Prof. V. L. Kellogg, head of the
Entomology department, will be
absent on leave in Europe for all of
next year. He will spend most of
his time in Germany, Italy and
England pursuing scientific invest
igation, and sightseeing. While he
is away Mrs. 11. G. Bell will take
his place in the laboratory and
supervise the work of tn- advanced
classes.
Prof. V. L. Kellogg, head of the
Entomology department, will be
absent on leave in Europe for all of
next year. He will spend most of
his time in Germany, Italy and
England pursuing scientific invest
igation, and sightseeing. While he
is away Mrs. 11. G. Bell will take
his place in the laboratory and
supervise the work of tn- advanced
classes.
