# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Ah far as the faculty of the Uni
versity is concerned the plan of re
organization adopted by the Board
of TriiHtees is most important. As
far as the student body is directly
concerned there will he but little, if
any, perceptible change. The I'res
ident will still he the medium of
communication between the stu
dents and the trustees; with the
individual members of the faculty
and the different faculty commit
tees there is no reason to expect a
changed relationship. One thing
is plainly indicated, however, by
the complete and detailed reorgan
ization of the facultyâ€”the Board
of Trustees has taken active and
personal control of the general
workings of the University, and in
the future Stanford will more
nearly approach the older institu
tions of the East in the way that
its coming life is directed and con
trolled.
