# Sigma Xi Meets.
## 
### 
The Sigma Xi scientific society
met Tuesday evening at the Facul
ty Clubhouse and elected officers
for the ensuing year. Prof. J. M.
Stillman of the Chemistry depart
ment was elected president; Prof.
H. D. Campbell of the Botany de
partment, vice-president; Associate
Prof. J. C. L. Fish, secretary; and
Associate Prof. G. J. Peirce, treas
urer. The following were elected
members of the society: J. R. Slo
naker, assistant professor of Physi
ology; A. .T. Cox, instructor in
Chemistry; R. E. Snodgrass, in
structor in Entomology; L. E. Dar
ling, instructor in Mechanical En
gineering; E. C. Starks, curator in
Zoology; J. P. Mitchell, N. H.
Sloan, R. W. Dodd, assistants in
Chemistry; and eleven graduates.
