# Sigma Sigma Initiation.
## 
### 
The annual public initiation of
Sophomore candidates for the Sigma
Sigma fraternity was held during
the noon hour today at the
post-office. Farcical performances
by the various men entertained a
large crowd of spectators. Those
who'will be taken into the society
at the formal initiation tonight are
E. R. May, '06, W. H. B. Fowler,
'06, G. A. Hodge. '06, A. B. Chead
le, '06, R. H. Lachmund, '06, B. M.
Wotkyr.s, '06.
The annual public initiation of
Sophomore candidates for the Sigma
Sigma fraternity was held during
the noon hour today at the
post-office. Farcical performances
by the various men entertained a
large crowd of spectators. Those
who'will be taken into the society
at the formal initiation tonight are
E. R. May, '06, W. H. B. Fowler,
'06, G. A. Hodge. '06, A. B. Chead
le, '06, R. H. Lachmund, '06, B. M.
Wotkyr.s, '06.
The annual public initiation of
Sophomore candidates for the Sigma
Sigma fraternity was held during
the noon hour today at the
post-office. Farcical performances
by the various men entertained a
large crowd of spectators. Those
who'will be taken into the society
at the formal initiation tonight are
E. R. May, '06, W. H. B. Fowler,
'06, G. A. Hodge. '06, A. B. Chead
le, '06, R. H. Lachmund, '06, B. M.
Wotkyr.s, '06.
The annual public initiation of
Sophomore candidates for the Sigma
Sigma fraternity was held during
the noon hour today at the
post-office. Farcical performances
by the various men entertained a
large crowd of spectators. Those
who'will be taken into the society
at the formal initiation tonight are
E. R. May, '06, W. H. B. Fowler,
'06, G. A. Hodge. '06, A. B. Chead
le, '06, R. H. Lachmund, '06, B. M.
Wotkyr.s, '06.
The annual public initiation of
Sophomore candidates for the Sigma
Sigma fraternity was held during
the noon hour today at the
post-office. Farcical performances
by the various men entertained a
large crowd of spectators. Those
who'will be taken into the society
at the formal initiation tonight are
E. R. May, '06, W. H. B. Fowler,
'06, G. A. Hodge. '06, A. B. Chead
le, '06, R. H. Lachmund, '06, B. M.
Wotkyr.s, '06.
The annual public initiation of
Sophomore candidates for the Sigma
Sigma fraternity was held during
the noon hour today at the
post-office. Farcical performances
by the various men entertained a
large crowd of spectators. Those
who'will be taken into the society
at the formal initiation tonight are
E. R. May, '06, W. H. B. Fowler,
'06, G. A. Hodge. '06, A. B. Chead
le, '06, R. H. Lachmund, '06, B. M.
Wotkyr.s, '06.
The annual public initiation of
Sophomore candidates for the Sigma
Sigma fraternity was held during
the noon hour today at the
post-office. Farcical performances
by the various men entertained a
large crowd of spectators. Those
who'will be taken into the society
at the formal initiation tonight are
E. R. May, '06, W. H. B. Fowler,
'06, G. A. Hodge. '06, A. B. Chead
le, '06, R. H. Lachmund, '06, B. M.
Wotkyr.s, '06.
The annual public initiation of
Sophomore candidates for the Sigma
Sigma fraternity was held during
the noon hour today at the
post-office. Farcical performances
by the various men entertained a
large crowd of spectators. Those
who'will be taken into the society
at the formal initiation tonight are
E. R. May, '06, W. H. B. Fowler,
'06, G. A. Hodge. '06, A. B. Chead
le, '06, R. H. Lachmund, '06, B. M.
Wotkyr.s, '06.
