# Readings
## 
### 

Dr. Margery Bailey, professor
emeritus of the English Depart
ment, will read selections' from
Charles Dickens tomorrow eve
ning at 7:30 in the Women's
Clubhouse. Admission is $1 and
tickets will be sold at the door.

Dr. Margery Bailey, professor
emeritus of the English Depart
ment, will read selections' from
Charles Dickens tomorrow eve
ning at 7:30 in the Women's
Clubhouse. Admission is $1 and
tickets will be sold at the door.

Dr. Margery Bailey, professor
emeritus of the English Depart
ment, will read selections' from
Charles Dickens tomorrow eve
ning at 7:30 in the Women's
Clubhouse. Admission is $1 and
tickets will be sold at the door.

Dr. Margery Bailey, professor
emeritus of the English Depart
ment, will read selections' from
Charles Dickens tomorrow eve
ning at 7:30 in the Women's
Clubhouse. Admission is $1 and
tickets will be sold at the door.

Dr. Margery Bailey, professor
emeritus of the English Depart
ment, will read selections' from
Charles Dickens tomorrow eve
ning at 7:30 in the Women's
Clubhouse. Admission is $1 and
tickets will be sold at the door.

Dr. Margery Bailey, professor
emeritus of the English Depart
ment, will read selections' from
Charles Dickens tomorrow eve
ning at 7:30 in the Women's
Clubhouse. Admission is $1 and
tickets will be sold at the door.

Dr. Margery Bailey, professor
emeritus of the English Depart
ment, will read selections' from
Charles Dickens tomorrow eve
ning at 7:30 in the Women's
Clubhouse. Admission is $1 and
tickets will be sold at the door.

Dr. Margery Bailey, professor
emeritus of the English Depart
ment, will read selections' from
Charles Dickens tomorrow eve
ning at 7:30 in the Women's
Clubhouse. Admission is $1 and
tickets will be sold at the door.

Dr. Margery Bailey, professor
emeritus of the English Depart
ment, will read selections' from
Charles Dickens tomorrow eve
ning at 7:30 in the Women's
Clubhouse. Admission is $1 and
tickets will be sold at the door.

Dr. Margery Bailey, professor
emeritus of the English Depart
ment, will read selections' from
Charles Dickens tomorrow eve
ning at 7:30 in the Women's
Clubhouse. Admission is $1 and
tickets will be sold at the door.

Dr. Margery Bailey, professor
emeritus of the English Depart
ment, will read selections' from
Charles Dickens tomorrow eve
ning at 7:30 in the Women's
Clubhouse. Admission is $1 and
tickets will be sold at the door.

Dr. Margery Bailey, professor
emeritus of the English Depart
ment, will read selections' from
Charles Dickens tomorrow eve
ning at 7:30 in the Women's
Clubhouse. Admission is $1 and
tickets will be sold at the door.

Dr. Margery Bailey, professor
emeritus of the English Depart
ment, will read selections' from
Charles Dickens tomorrow eve
ning at 7:30 in the Women's
Clubhouse. Admission is $1 and
tickets will be sold at the door.

Dr. Margery Bailey, professor
emeritus of the English Depart
ment, will read selections' from
Charles Dickens tomorrow eve
ning at 7:30 in the Women's
Clubhouse. Admission is $1 and
tickets will be sold at the door.

Dr. Margery Bailey, professor
emeritus of the English Depart
ment, will read selections' from
Charles Dickens tomorrow eve
ning at 7:30 in the Women's
Clubhouse. Admission is $1 and
tickets will be sold at the door.

Dr. Margery Bailey, professor
emeritus of the English Depart
ment, will read selections' from
Charles Dickens tomorrow eve
ning at 7:30 in the Women's
Clubhouse. Admission is $1 and
tickets will be sold at the door.

Dr. Margery Bailey, professor
emeritus of the English Depart
ment, will read selections' from
Charles Dickens tomorrow eve
ning at 7:30 in the Women's
Clubhouse. Admission is $1 and
tickets will be sold at the door.
