# Charles Davis Appointed New Intramural Director
## 
### 
Charles W. Davis, director of phy
sical education at Cleveland Hpights
high school of Cleveland, Ohio, comes
to Stanford on October 15, to become
director of intramural athletics here.
He will take up the work of C. S.
Botsford who has resigned to become
head of the department of Physical
education at Reed College, Portland,
Oregon.
Davis is a graduate of Springfield
School for Physical Directors, at
Springfield, Mass., and has had ex
perience in this work and in coaching
high school teams.
Charles W. Davis, director of phy
sical education at Cleveland Hpights
high school of Cleveland, Ohio, comes
to Stanford on October 15, to become
director of intramural athletics here.
He will take up the work of C. S.
Botsford who has resigned to become
head of the department of Physical
education at Reed College, Portland,
Oregon.
Davis is a graduate of Springfield
School for Physical Directors, at
Springfield, Mass., and has had ex
perience in this work and in coaching
high school teams.
Charles W. Davis, director of phy
sical education at Cleveland Hpights
high school of Cleveland, Ohio, comes
to Stanford on October 15, to become
director of intramural athletics here.
He will take up the work of C. S.
Botsford who has resigned to become
head of the department of Physical
education at Reed College, Portland,
Oregon.
Davis is a graduate of Springfield
School for Physical Directors, at
Springfield, Mass., and has had ex
perience in this work and in coaching
high school teams.
Charles W. Davis, director of phy
sical education at Cleveland Hpights
high school of Cleveland, Ohio, comes
to Stanford on October 15, to become
director of intramural athletics here.
He will take up the work of C. S.
Botsford who has resigned to become
head of the department of Physical
education at Reed College, Portland,
Oregon.
Davis is a graduate of Springfield
School for Physical Directors, at
Springfield, Mass., and has had ex
perience in this work and in coaching
high school teams.
Charles W. Davis, director of phy
sical education at Cleveland Hpights
high school of Cleveland, Ohio, comes
to Stanford on October 15, to become
director of intramural athletics here.
He will take up the work of C. S.
Botsford who has resigned to become
head of the department of Physical
education at Reed College, Portland,
Oregon.
Davis is a graduate of Springfield
School for Physical Directors, at
Springfield, Mass., and has had ex
perience in this work and in coaching
high school teams.
Charles W. Davis, director of phy
sical education at Cleveland Hpights
high school of Cleveland, Ohio, comes
to Stanford on October 15, to become
director of intramural athletics here.
He will take up the work of C. S.
Botsford who has resigned to become
head of the department of Physical
education at Reed College, Portland,
Oregon.
Davis is a graduate of Springfield
School for Physical Directors, at
Springfield, Mass., and has had ex
perience in this work and in coaching
high school teams.
Charles W. Davis, director of phy
sical education at Cleveland Hpights
high school of Cleveland, Ohio, comes
to Stanford on October 15, to become
director of intramural athletics here.
He will take up the work of C. S.
Botsford who has resigned to become
head of the department of Physical
education at Reed College, Portland,
Oregon.
Davis is a graduate of Springfield
School for Physical Directors, at
Springfield, Mass., and has had ex
perience in this work and in coaching
high school teams.
Charles W. Davis, director of phy
sical education at Cleveland Hpights
high school of Cleveland, Ohio, comes
to Stanford on October 15, to become
director of intramural athletics here.
He will take up the work of C. S.
Botsford who has resigned to become
head of the department of Physical
education at Reed College, Portland,
Oregon.
Davis is a graduate of Springfield
School for Physical Directors, at
Springfield, Mass., and has had ex
perience in this work and in coaching
high school teams.
Charles W. Davis, director of phy
sical education at Cleveland Hpights
high school of Cleveland, Ohio, comes
to Stanford on October 15, to become
director of intramural athletics here.
He will take up the work of C. S.
Botsford who has resigned to become
head of the department of Physical
education at Reed College, Portland,
Oregon.
Davis is a graduate of Springfield
School for Physical Directors, at
Springfield, Mass., and has had ex
perience in this work and in coaching
high school teams.
Charles W. Davis, director of phy
sical education at Cleveland Hpights
high school of Cleveland, Ohio, comes
to Stanford on October 15, to become
director of intramural athletics here.
He will take up the work of C. S.
Botsford who has resigned to become
head of the department of Physical
education at Reed College, Portland,
Oregon.
Davis is a graduate of Springfield
School for Physical Directors, at
Springfield, Mass., and has had ex
perience in this work and in coaching
high school teams.
Charles W. Davis, director of phy
sical education at Cleveland Hpights
high school of Cleveland, Ohio, comes
to Stanford on October 15, to become
director of intramural athletics here.
He will take up the work of C. S.
Botsford who has resigned to become
head of the department of Physical
education at Reed College, Portland,
Oregon.
Davis is a graduate of Springfield
School for Physical Directors, at
Springfield, Mass., and has had ex
perience in this work and in coaching
high school teams.
Charles W. Davis, director of phy
sical education at Cleveland Hpights
high school of Cleveland, Ohio, comes
to Stanford on October 15, to become
director of intramural athletics here.
He will take up the work of C. S.
Botsford who has resigned to become
head of the department of Physical
education at Reed College, Portland,
Oregon.
Davis is a graduate of Springfield
School for Physical Directors, at
Springfield, Mass., and has had ex
perience in this work and in coaching
high school teams.
Charles W. Davis, director of phy
sical education at Cleveland Hpights
high school of Cleveland, Ohio, comes
to Stanford on October 15, to become
director of intramural athletics here.
He will take up the work of C. S.
Botsford who has resigned to become
head of the department of Physical
education at Reed College, Portland,
Oregon.
Davis is a graduate of Springfield
School for Physical Directors, at
Springfield, Mass., and has had ex
perience in this work and in coaching
high school teams.
Charles W. Davis, director of phy
sical education at Cleveland Hpights
high school of Cleveland, Ohio, comes
to Stanford on October 15, to become
director of intramural athletics here.
He will take up the work of C. S.
Botsford who has resigned to become
head of the department of Physical
education at Reed College, Portland,
Oregon.
Davis is a graduate of Springfield
School for Physical Directors, at
Springfield, Mass., and has had ex
perience in this work and in coaching
high school teams.
