# WILLAMETTE CALLS FOR ADDITIONAL MILLIONS
## 
### 
WILLAMETTE UNIVERSITY (P. I.
N. S.) —The Willamette University
Forward Movement, with a goal of $1,-
250,000 additional endowment has been
launched and is going forward rapidly
and confidently toward its culmina
tion on December 20th. A corps of
expert workers is in charge of the
head office in Salem, and some of the
ablest business men of the state are
interested in the success of the cam
paign.
WILLAMETTE UNIVERSITY (P. I.
N. S.) —The Willamette University
Forward Movement, with a goal of $1,-
250,000 additional endowment has been
launched and is going forward rapidly
and confidently toward its culmina
tion on December 20th. A corps of
expert workers is in charge of the
head office in Salem, and some of the
ablest business men of the state are
interested in the success of the cam
paign.
WILLAMETTE UNIVERSITY (P. I.
N. S.) —The Willamette University
Forward Movement, with a goal of $1,-
250,000 additional endowment has been
launched and is going forward rapidly
and confidently toward its culmina
tion on December 20th. A corps of
expert workers is in charge of the
head office in Salem, and some of the
ablest business men of the state are
interested in the success of the cam
paign.
WILLAMETTE UNIVERSITY (P. I.
N. S.) —The Willamette University
Forward Movement, with a goal of $1,-
250,000 additional endowment has been
launched and is going forward rapidly
and confidently toward its culmina
tion on December 20th. A corps of
expert workers is in charge of the
head office in Salem, and some of the
ablest business men of the state are
interested in the success of the cam
paign.
WILLAMETTE UNIVERSITY (P. I.
N. S.) —The Willamette University
Forward Movement, with a goal of $1,-
250,000 additional endowment has been
launched and is going forward rapidly
and confidently toward its culmina
tion on December 20th. A corps of
expert workers is in charge of the
head office in Salem, and some of the
ablest business men of the state are
interested in the success of the cam
paign.
WILLAMETTE UNIVERSITY (P. I.
N. S.) —The Willamette University
Forward Movement, with a goal of $1,-
250,000 additional endowment has been
launched and is going forward rapidly
and confidently toward its culmina
tion on December 20th. A corps of
expert workers is in charge of the
head office in Salem, and some of the
ablest business men of the state are
interested in the success of the cam
paign.
WILLAMETTE UNIVERSITY (P. I.
N. S.) —The Willamette University
Forward Movement, with a goal of $1,-
250,000 additional endowment has been
launched and is going forward rapidly
and confidently toward its culmina
tion on December 20th. A corps of
expert workers is in charge of the
head office in Salem, and some of the
ablest business men of the state are
interested in the success of the cam
paign.
WILLAMETTE UNIVERSITY (P. I.
N. S.) —The Willamette University
Forward Movement, with a goal of $1,-
250,000 additional endowment has been
launched and is going forward rapidly
and confidently toward its culmina
tion on December 20th. A corps of
expert workers is in charge of the
head office in Salem, and some of the
ablest business men of the state are
interested in the success of the cam
paign.
WILLAMETTE UNIVERSITY (P. I.
N. S.) —The Willamette University
Forward Movement, with a goal of $1,-
250,000 additional endowment has been
launched and is going forward rapidly
and confidently toward its culmina
tion on December 20th. A corps of
expert workers is in charge of the
head office in Salem, and some of the
ablest business men of the state are
interested in the success of the cam
paign.
WILLAMETTE UNIVERSITY (P. I.
N. S.) —The Willamette University
Forward Movement, with a goal of $1,-
250,000 additional endowment has been
launched and is going forward rapidly
and confidently toward its culmina
tion on December 20th. A corps of
expert workers is in charge of the
head office in Salem, and some of the
ablest business men of the state are
interested in the success of the cam
paign.
WILLAMETTE UNIVERSITY (P. I.
N. S.) —The Willamette University
Forward Movement, with a goal of $1,-
250,000 additional endowment has been
launched and is going forward rapidly
and confidently toward its culmina
tion on December 20th. A corps of
expert workers is in charge of the
head office in Salem, and some of the
ablest business men of the state are
interested in the success of the cam
paign.
WILLAMETTE UNIVERSITY (P. I.
N. S.) —The Willamette University
Forward Movement, with a goal of $1,-
250,000 additional endowment has been
launched and is going forward rapidly
and confidently toward its culmina
tion on December 20th. A corps of
expert workers is in charge of the
head office in Salem, and some of the
ablest business men of the state are
interested in the success of the cam
paign.
WILLAMETTE UNIVERSITY (P. I.
N. S.) —The Willamette University
Forward Movement, with a goal of $1,-
250,000 additional endowment has been
launched and is going forward rapidly
and confidently toward its culmina
tion on December 20th. A corps of
expert workers is in charge of the
head office in Salem, and some of the
ablest business men of the state are
interested in the success of the cam
paign.
WILLAMETTE UNIVERSITY (P. I.
N. S.) —The Willamette University
Forward Movement, with a goal of $1,-
250,000 additional endowment has been
launched and is going forward rapidly
and confidently toward its culmina
tion on December 20th. A corps of
expert workers is in charge of the
head office in Salem, and some of the
ablest business men of the state are
interested in the success of the cam
paign.
