# University Women's Club Organizes Branch in Paris
## 
### 
Notice has been received at the of
fice of the Dean of Women stating
that a clnb for American university
women has been organized in Paris.
The purpose of the new club is to
provide a residence for American wom
en students at the Sorbonne, the Col
lege de France and other academic
institutions of high standing.
The club will also bring the students
in touch with French life and thought
and with university men and women of
oth£r nations. French and British
women students as well as Americans
will be in residence at the club pen
sion.
The club is affiliated with the Inter
national Federation of University
Women which has its Paris head
quarters in the Club House. It is
also affiliated with the American As
sociation of University Women and
with the American University Union
in Paris.
Notice has been received at the of
fice of the Dean of Women stating
that a clnb for American university
women has been organized in Paris.
The purpose of the new club is to
provide a residence for American wom
en students at the Sorbonne, the Col
lege de France and other academic
institutions of high standing.
The club will also bring the students
in touch with French life and thought
and with university men and women of
oth£r nations. French and British
women students as well as Americans
will be in residence at the club pen
sion.
The club is affiliated with the Inter
national Federation of University
Women which has its Paris head
quarters in the Club House. It is
also affiliated with the American As
sociation of University Women and
with the American University Union
in Paris.
Notice has been received at the of
fice of the Dean of Women stating
that a clnb for American university
women has been organized in Paris.
The purpose of the new club is to
provide a residence for American wom
en students at the Sorbonne, the Col
lege de France and other academic
institutions of high standing.
The club will also bring the students
in touch with French life and thought
and with university men and women of
oth£r nations. French and British
women students as well as Americans
will be in residence at the club pen
sion.
The club is affiliated with the Inter
national Federation of University
Women which has its Paris head
quarters in the Club House. It is
also affiliated with the American As
sociation of University Women and
with the American University Union
in Paris.
Notice has been received at the of
fice of the Dean of Women stating
that a clnb for American university
women has been organized in Paris.
The purpose of the new club is to
provide a residence for American wom
en students at the Sorbonne, the Col
lege de France and other academic
institutions of high standing.
The club will also bring the students
in touch with French life and thought
and with university men and women of
oth£r nations. French and British
women students as well as Americans
will be in residence at the club pen
sion.
The club is affiliated with the Inter
national Federation of University
Women which has its Paris head
quarters in the Club House. It is
also affiliated with the American As
sociation of University Women and
with the American University Union
in Paris.
Notice has been received at the of
fice of the Dean of Women stating
that a clnb for American university
women has been organized in Paris.
The purpose of the new club is to
provide a residence for American wom
en students at the Sorbonne, the Col
lege de France and other academic
institutions of high standing.
The club will also bring the students
in touch with French life and thought
and with university men and women of
oth£r nations. French and British
women students as well as Americans
will be in residence at the club pen
sion.
The club is affiliated with the Inter
national Federation of University
Women which has its Paris head
quarters in the Club House. It is
also affiliated with the American As
sociation of University Women and
with the American University Union
in Paris.
Notice has been received at the of
fice of the Dean of Women stating
that a clnb for American university
women has been organized in Paris.
The purpose of the new club is to
provide a residence for American wom
en students at the Sorbonne, the Col
lege de France and other academic
institutions of high standing.
The club will also bring the students
in touch with French life and thought
and with university men and women of
oth£r nations. French and British
women students as well as Americans
will be in residence at the club pen
sion.
The club is affiliated with the Inter
national Federation of University
Women which has its Paris head
quarters in the Club House. It is
also affiliated with the American As
sociation of University Women and
with the American University Union
in Paris.
Notice has been received at the of
fice of the Dean of Women stating
that a clnb for American university
women has been organized in Paris.
The purpose of the new club is to
provide a residence for American wom
en students at the Sorbonne, the Col
lege de France and other academic
institutions of high standing.
The club will also bring the students
in touch with French life and thought
and with university men and women of
oth£r nations. French and British
women students as well as Americans
will be in residence at the club pen
sion.
The club is affiliated with the Inter
national Federation of University
Women which has its Paris head
quarters in the Club House. It is
also affiliated with the American As
sociation of University Women and
with the American University Union
in Paris.
Notice has been received at the of
fice of the Dean of Women stating
that a clnb for American university
women has been organized in Paris.
The purpose of the new club is to
provide a residence for American wom
en students at the Sorbonne, the Col
lege de France and other academic
institutions of high standing.
The club will also bring the students
in touch with French life and thought
and with university men and women of
oth£r nations. French and British
women students as well as Americans
will be in residence at the club pen
sion.
The club is affiliated with the Inter
national Federation of University
Women which has its Paris head
quarters in the Club House. It is
also affiliated with the American As
sociation of University Women and
with the American University Union
in Paris.
Notice has been received at the of
fice of the Dean of Women stating
that a clnb for American university
women has been organized in Paris.
The purpose of the new club is to
provide a residence for American wom
en students at the Sorbonne, the Col
lege de France and other academic
institutions of high standing.
The club will also bring the students
in touch with French life and thought
and with university men and women of
oth£r nations. French and British
women students as well as Americans
will be in residence at the club pen
sion.
The club is affiliated with the Inter
national Federation of University
Women which has its Paris head
quarters in the Club House. It is
also affiliated with the American As
sociation of University Women and
with the American University Union
in Paris.
Notice has been received at the of
fice of the Dean of Women stating
that a clnb for American university
women has been organized in Paris.
The purpose of the new club is to
provide a residence for American wom
en students at the Sorbonne, the Col
lege de France and other academic
institutions of high standing.
The club will also bring the students
in touch with French life and thought
and with university men and women of
oth£r nations. French and British
women students as well as Americans
will be in residence at the club pen
sion.
The club is affiliated with the Inter
national Federation of University
Women which has its Paris head
quarters in the Club House. It is
also affiliated with the American As
sociation of University Women and
with the American University Union
in Paris.
Notice has been received at the of
fice of the Dean of Women stating
that a clnb for American university
women has been organized in Paris.
The purpose of the new club is to
provide a residence for American wom
en students at the Sorbonne, the Col
lege de France and other academic
institutions of high standing.
The club will also bring the students
in touch with French life and thought
and with university men and women of
oth£r nations. French and British
women students as well as Americans
will be in residence at the club pen
sion.
The club is affiliated with the Inter
national Federation of University
Women which has its Paris head
quarters in the Club House. It is
also affiliated with the American As
sociation of University Women and
with the American University Union
in Paris.
Notice has been received at the of
fice of the Dean of Women stating
that a clnb for American university
women has been organized in Paris.
The purpose of the new club is to
provide a residence for American wom
en students at the Sorbonne, the Col
lege de France and other academic
institutions of high standing.
The club will also bring the students
in touch with French life and thought
and with university men and women of
oth£r nations. French and British
women students as well as Americans
will be in residence at the club pen
sion.
The club is affiliated with the Inter
national Federation of University
Women which has its Paris head
quarters in the Club House. It is
also affiliated with the American As
sociation of University Women and
with the American University Union
in Paris.
Notice has been received at the of
fice of the Dean of Women stating
that a clnb for American university
women has been organized in Paris.
The purpose of the new club is to
provide a residence for American wom
en students at the Sorbonne, the Col
lege de France and other academic
institutions of high standing.
The club will also bring the students
in touch with French life and thought
and with university men and women of
oth£r nations. French and British
women students as well as Americans
will be in residence at the club pen
sion.
The club is affiliated with the Inter
national Federation of University
Women which has its Paris head
quarters in the Club House. It is
also affiliated with the American As
sociation of University Women and
with the American University Union
in Paris.
Notice has been received at the of
fice of the Dean of Women stating
that a clnb for American university
women has been organized in Paris.
The purpose of the new club is to
provide a residence for American wom
en students at the Sorbonne, the Col
lege de France and other academic
institutions of high standing.
The club will also bring the students
in touch with French life and thought
and with university men and women of
oth£r nations. French and British
women students as well as Americans
will be in residence at the club pen
sion.
The club is affiliated with the Inter
national Federation of University
Women which has its Paris head
quarters in the Club House. It is
also affiliated with the American As
sociation of University Women and
with the American University Union
in Paris.
