# DECREASE IN CRIME
## 
### 
CHICAGO, Jan. 1. W 3 ) —Chicago
slayings during 1029 decreased 21
i per cent.
CHICAGO, Jan. 1. W 3 ) —Chicago
slayings during 1029 decreased 21
i per cent.
CHICAGO, Jan. 1. W 3 ) —Chicago
slayings during 1029 decreased 21
i per cent.
CHICAGO, Jan. 1. W 3 ) —Chicago
slayings during 1029 decreased 21
i per cent.
CHICAGO, Jan. 1. W 3 ) —Chicago
slayings during 1029 decreased 21
i per cent.
CHICAGO, Jan. 1. W 3 ) —Chicago
slayings during 1029 decreased 21
i per cent.
CHICAGO, Jan. 1. W 3 ) —Chicago
slayings during 1029 decreased 21
i per cent.
CHICAGO, Jan. 1. W 3 ) —Chicago
slayings during 1029 decreased 21
i per cent.
CHICAGO, Jan. 1. W 3 ) —Chicago
slayings during 1029 decreased 21
i per cent.
CHICAGO, Jan. 1. W 3 ) —Chicago
slayings during 1029 decreased 21
i per cent.
CHICAGO, Jan. 1. W 3 ) —Chicago
slayings during 1029 decreased 21
i per cent.
CHICAGO, Jan. 1. W 3 ) —Chicago
slayings during 1029 decreased 21
i per cent.
CHICAGO, Jan. 1. W 3 ) —Chicago
slayings during 1029 decreased 21
i per cent.
CHICAGO, Jan. 1. W 3 ) —Chicago
slayings during 1029 decreased 21
i per cent.
CHICAGO, Jan. 1. W 3 ) —Chicago
slayings during 1029 decreased 21
i per cent.
CHICAGO, Jan. 1. W 3 ) —Chicago
slayings during 1029 decreased 21
i per cent.
