# Untitled Article
## 
### 
riiitJiriiin Church—Cor. Channing
avenue and Cowper street, Clarence
Reed, minister. Rev. Bradford Leav
itt of San Francisco will preach next
Sunday at 11 a.m.
riiitJiriiin Church—Cor. Channing
avenue and Cowper street, Clarence
Reed, minister. Rev. Bradford Leav
itt of San Francisco will preach next
Sunday at 11 a.m.
riiitJiriiin Church—Cor. Channing
avenue and Cowper street, Clarence
Reed, minister. Rev. Bradford Leav
itt of San Francisco will preach next
Sunday at 11 a.m.
riiitJiriiin Church—Cor. Channing
avenue and Cowper street, Clarence
Reed, minister. Rev. Bradford Leav
itt of San Francisco will preach next
Sunday at 11 a.m.
riiitJiriiin Church—Cor. Channing
avenue and Cowper street, Clarence
Reed, minister. Rev. Bradford Leav
itt of San Francisco will preach next
Sunday at 11 a.m.
riiitJiriiin Church—Cor. Channing
avenue and Cowper street, Clarence
Reed, minister. Rev. Bradford Leav
itt of San Francisco will preach next
Sunday at 11 a.m.
riiitJiriiin Church—Cor. Channing
avenue and Cowper street, Clarence
Reed, minister. Rev. Bradford Leav
itt of San Francisco will preach next
Sunday at 11 a.m.
riiitJiriiin Church—Cor. Channing
avenue and Cowper street, Clarence
Reed, minister. Rev. Bradford Leav
itt of San Francisco will preach next
Sunday at 11 a.m.
riiitJiriiin Church—Cor. Channing
avenue and Cowper street, Clarence
Reed, minister. Rev. Bradford Leav
itt of San Francisco will preach next
Sunday at 11 a.m.
riiitJiriiin Church—Cor. Channing
avenue and Cowper street, Clarence
Reed, minister. Rev. Bradford Leav
itt of San Francisco will preach next
Sunday at 11 a.m.
riiitJiriiin Church—Cor. Channing
avenue and Cowper street, Clarence
Reed, minister. Rev. Bradford Leav
itt of San Francisco will preach next
Sunday at 11 a.m.
riiitJiriiin Church—Cor. Channing
avenue and Cowper street, Clarence
Reed, minister. Rev. Bradford Leav
itt of San Francisco will preach next
Sunday at 11 a.m.
