# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The return of severe rainy weather
calls to attention a matter which has
so often been discussed in these col
umns that naught but reiteration re
mains—the deplorable condition of the
walks between the Post-office and the
Quad. For several years each suc
ceeding winter has brought forth a
burst of student protest against the
lack of attention which necessitated
every one wading in passing to and
from the Post-office.
Each year has seen some slight im
provement made. The crossing at
the Post-office and below the Hook
store being the most recent. I Jut the
walk on the one side of Lasuen Street,
continues a series of mud holes —bad
enough in the day but worse at night.
The one good walk is too narrow to
carry all the traffic and many are
forced to use the mud path, vainly
endeavoring to leap the deeper pools.
If, as is rumored, the delay in the
construction of a cement walk is due
to the contemplated widening of Las
uen Street, it would still be possible
at no great expense to tiil up the holes
in the present path and render ii a
trifle more substantial with a coat
of gravel or cinders. We would re
spectfully direct to this subject the
attention of whatever body or per
sonage is empowered to act in the mat
ter suggesting early consideration and
immediate action.
Nor is the frigid condition of some
of the lecture rooms conductive to
good health or good scholarship. One
does not take many notes while the
fingers are blue with cold. Assembly
Hall this morning rivalled a monster
refrigerator. A little more liberal
application of steam heat on the Quad
rangle would be appreciated.
