# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
ATTENTION
FRESHMAN
GIRLS!
Register with us for your
free $2 f j merchandise
order.
Drawing, Friday,
Octobcr 26
LUNDIN-
McBRIDE
1 bO University Ave.
ATTENTION
FRESHMAN
GIRLS!
Register with us for your
free $2 f j merchandise
order.
Drawing, Friday,
Octobcr 26
LUNDIN-
McBRIDE
1 bO University Ave.
ATTENTION
FRESHMAN
GIRLS!
Register with us for your
free $2 f j merchandise
order.
Drawing, Friday,
Octobcr 26
LUNDIN-
McBRIDE
1 bO University Ave.
ATTENTION
FRESHMAN
GIRLS!
Register with us for your
free $2 f j merchandise
order.
Drawing, Friday,
Octobcr 26
LUNDIN-
McBRIDE
1 bO University Ave.
ATTENTION
FRESHMAN
GIRLS!
Register with us for your
free $2 f j merchandise
order.
Drawing, Friday,
Octobcr 26
LUNDIN-
McBRIDE
1 bO University Ave.
ATTENTION
FRESHMAN
GIRLS!
Register with us for your
free $2 f j merchandise
order.
Drawing, Friday,
Octobcr 26
LUNDIN-
McBRIDE
1 bO University Ave.
ATTENTION
FRESHMAN
GIRLS!
Register with us for your
free $2 f j merchandise
order.
Drawing, Friday,
Octobcr 26
LUNDIN-
McBRIDE
1 bO University Ave.
ATTENTION
FRESHMAN
GIRLS!
Register with us for your
free $2 f j merchandise
order.
Drawing, Friday,
Octobcr 26
LUNDIN-
McBRIDE
1 bO University Ave.
ATTENTION
FRESHMAN
GIRLS!
Register with us for your
free $2 f j merchandise
order.
Drawing, Friday,
Octobcr 26
LUNDIN-
McBRIDE
1 bO University Ave.
ATTENTION
FRESHMAN
GIRLS!
Register with us for your
free $2 f j merchandise
order.
Drawing, Friday,
Octobcr 26
LUNDIN-
McBRIDE
1 bO University Ave.
ATTENTION
FRESHMAN
GIRLS!
Register with us for your
free $2 f j merchandise
order.
Drawing, Friday,
Octobcr 26
LUNDIN-
McBRIDE
1 bO University Ave.
ATTENTION
FRESHMAN
GIRLS!
Register with us for your
free $2 f j merchandise
order.
Drawing, Friday,
Octobcr 26
LUNDIN-
McBRIDE
1 bO University Ave.
ATTENTION
FRESHMAN
GIRLS!
Register with us for your
free $2 f j merchandise
order.
Drawing, Friday,
Octobcr 26
LUNDIN-
McBRIDE
1 bO University Ave.
ATTENTION
FRESHMAN
GIRLS!
Register with us for your
free $2 f j merchandise
order.
Drawing, Friday,
Octobcr 26
LUNDIN-
McBRIDE
1 bO University Ave.
ATTENTION
FRESHMAN
GIRLS!
Register with us for your
free $2 f j merchandise
order.
Drawing, Friday,
Octobcr 26
LUNDIN-
McBRIDE
1 bO University Ave.
