# Red Air Attack Slopped
## 
### 
TOKYO, Wednesday. Oct. 23 — j
American airmen shot down or j
damaged 2ft enemy MIG-15 jets yes
terday as they broke up the biggest
Communist air attack of the Korean i
war. General Headquarters an- !
nounced today.
TOKYO, Wednesday. Oct. 23 — j
American airmen shot down or j
damaged 2ft enemy MIG-15 jets yes
terday as they broke up the biggest
Communist air attack of the Korean i
war. General Headquarters an- !
nounced today.
TOKYO, Wednesday. Oct. 23 — j
American airmen shot down or j
damaged 2ft enemy MIG-15 jets yes
terday as they broke up the biggest
Communist air attack of the Korean i
war. General Headquarters an- !
nounced today.
TOKYO, Wednesday. Oct. 23 — j
American airmen shot down or j
damaged 2ft enemy MIG-15 jets yes
terday as they broke up the biggest
Communist air attack of the Korean i
war. General Headquarters an- !
nounced today.
TOKYO, Wednesday. Oct. 23 — j
American airmen shot down or j
damaged 2ft enemy MIG-15 jets yes
terday as they broke up the biggest
Communist air attack of the Korean i
war. General Headquarters an- !
nounced today.
TOKYO, Wednesday. Oct. 23 — j
American airmen shot down or j
damaged 2ft enemy MIG-15 jets yes
terday as they broke up the biggest
Communist air attack of the Korean i
war. General Headquarters an- !
nounced today.
TOKYO, Wednesday. Oct. 23 — j
American airmen shot down or j
damaged 2ft enemy MIG-15 jets yes
terday as they broke up the biggest
Communist air attack of the Korean i
war. General Headquarters an- !
nounced today.
TOKYO, Wednesday. Oct. 23 — j
American airmen shot down or j
damaged 2ft enemy MIG-15 jets yes
terday as they broke up the biggest
Communist air attack of the Korean i
war. General Headquarters an- !
nounced today.
TOKYO, Wednesday. Oct. 23 — j
American airmen shot down or j
damaged 2ft enemy MIG-15 jets yes
terday as they broke up the biggest
Communist air attack of the Korean i
war. General Headquarters an- !
nounced today.
TOKYO, Wednesday. Oct. 23 — j
American airmen shot down or j
damaged 2ft enemy MIG-15 jets yes
terday as they broke up the biggest
Communist air attack of the Korean i
war. General Headquarters an- !
nounced today.
TOKYO, Wednesday. Oct. 23 — j
American airmen shot down or j
damaged 2ft enemy MIG-15 jets yes
terday as they broke up the biggest
Communist air attack of the Korean i
war. General Headquarters an- !
nounced today.
TOKYO, Wednesday. Oct. 23 — j
American airmen shot down or j
damaged 2ft enemy MIG-15 jets yes
terday as they broke up the biggest
Communist air attack of the Korean i
war. General Headquarters an- !
nounced today.
TOKYO, Wednesday. Oct. 23 — j
American airmen shot down or j
damaged 2ft enemy MIG-15 jets yes
terday as they broke up the biggest
Communist air attack of the Korean i
war. General Headquarters an- !
nounced today.
TOKYO, Wednesday. Oct. 23 — j
American airmen shot down or j
damaged 2ft enemy MIG-15 jets yes
terday as they broke up the biggest
Communist air attack of the Korean i
war. General Headquarters an- !
nounced today.
TOKYO, Wednesday. Oct. 23 — j
American airmen shot down or j
damaged 2ft enemy MIG-15 jets yes
terday as they broke up the biggest
Communist air attack of the Korean i
war. General Headquarters an- !
nounced today.
