# Adv. 22 Page 9
## 
### 
erences. Email Casey: alt.caseyc
@gmail.com
WEEKEND EMPLOYMENT-
Camp Counselors needed for
residential camping program
serving children and adults with
disabilities. If you are
interested in a challenging and
rewarding experience, please
contact 408-243-7861 or
www.viaservices.org
Girl's Lacrosse Coaches Needed
Gunn High School
Great Program, Flexible Hours To
apply or for more information
e-mail lisawmaclean@gmail.com
Light office work for Palo Alto
company near campus. Part time,B
- hrs/week through academic year
and summer. $18 per hour. Call
Peter LeVine (650) 493-2258
Palo Alto; Studio apt, Clean,
Quiet, Prking $550, 650-329-9650
PA Rdwds I+bd/Iba condo
$2000oboinsd lndry,frpl,secure
bldg/gar w/2 blcns.comm pool/
jac.CallTena
650-218-3866
Portola Valley I+rooms; 1 bath;
quiet at $1,500/month;Chip
6507143965
