# World Politics Class Will Not Meet Today
## 
### 
Political Science 145. Contempo
rary World Politics, will not meet
today because Professor Stuart has
been scheduled to speak at the
Alumni Conference at Portland.
Political Science 145. Contempo
rary World Politics, will not meet
today because Professor Stuart has
been scheduled to speak at the
Alumni Conference at Portland.
Political Science 145. Contempo
rary World Politics, will not meet
today because Professor Stuart has
been scheduled to speak at the
Alumni Conference at Portland.
Political Science 145. Contempo
rary World Politics, will not meet
today because Professor Stuart has
been scheduled to speak at the
Alumni Conference at Portland.
Political Science 145. Contempo
rary World Politics, will not meet
today because Professor Stuart has
been scheduled to speak at the
Alumni Conference at Portland.
Political Science 145. Contempo
rary World Politics, will not meet
today because Professor Stuart has
been scheduled to speak at the
Alumni Conference at Portland.
Political Science 145. Contempo
rary World Politics, will not meet
today because Professor Stuart has
been scheduled to speak at the
Alumni Conference at Portland.
Political Science 145. Contempo
rary World Politics, will not meet
today because Professor Stuart has
been scheduled to speak at the
Alumni Conference at Portland.
Political Science 145. Contempo
rary World Politics, will not meet
today because Professor Stuart has
been scheduled to speak at the
Alumni Conference at Portland.
Political Science 145. Contempo
rary World Politics, will not meet
today because Professor Stuart has
been scheduled to speak at the
Alumni Conference at Portland.
Political Science 145. Contempo
rary World Politics, will not meet
today because Professor Stuart has
been scheduled to speak at the
Alumni Conference at Portland.
Political Science 145. Contempo
rary World Politics, will not meet
today because Professor Stuart has
been scheduled to speak at the
Alumni Conference at Portland.
Political Science 145. Contempo
rary World Politics, will not meet
today because Professor Stuart has
been scheduled to speak at the
Alumni Conference at Portland.
Political Science 145. Contempo
rary World Politics, will not meet
today because Professor Stuart has
been scheduled to speak at the
Alumni Conference at Portland.
Political Science 145. Contempo
rary World Politics, will not meet
today because Professor Stuart has
been scheduled to speak at the
Alumni Conference at Portland.
Political Science 145. Contempo
rary World Politics, will not meet
today because Professor Stuart has
been scheduled to speak at the
Alumni Conference at Portland.
Political Science 145. Contempo
rary World Politics, will not meet
today because Professor Stuart has
been scheduled to speak at the
Alumni Conference at Portland.
