# Adv. 14 Page 4
## 
### 
TODAY AND TOMORROW
Warner Bros, sensation!
BETTE DAVIS
in
"THE GOLDEN
ARROW"
with
CEORCE BRENT
—also—
"GIRL OF THE
OZARKS"
a thrilling mountain romancc
with
VIRGINIA WEIDLER
TODAY AND TOMORROW
Warner Bros, sensation!
BETTE DAVIS
in
"THE GOLDEN
ARROW"
with
CEORCE BRENT
—also—
"GIRL OF THE
OZARKS"
a thrilling mountain romancc
with
VIRGINIA WEIDLER
TODAY AND TOMORROW
Warner Bros, sensation!
BETTE DAVIS
in
"THE GOLDEN
ARROW"
with
CEORCE BRENT
—also—
"GIRL OF THE
OZARKS"
a thrilling mountain romancc
with
VIRGINIA WEIDLER
TODAY AND TOMORROW
Warner Bros, sensation!
BETTE DAVIS
in
"THE GOLDEN
ARROW"
with
CEORCE BRENT
—also—
"GIRL OF THE
OZARKS"
a thrilling mountain romancc
with
VIRGINIA WEIDLER
TODAY AND TOMORROW
Warner Bros, sensation!
BETTE DAVIS
in
"THE GOLDEN
ARROW"
with
CEORCE BRENT
—also—
"GIRL OF THE
OZARKS"
a thrilling mountain romancc
with
VIRGINIA WEIDLER
TODAY AND TOMORROW
Warner Bros, sensation!
BETTE DAVIS
in
"THE GOLDEN
ARROW"
with
CEORCE BRENT
—also—
"GIRL OF THE
OZARKS"
a thrilling mountain romancc
with
VIRGINIA WEIDLER
TODAY AND TOMORROW
Warner Bros, sensation!
BETTE DAVIS
in
"THE GOLDEN
ARROW"
with
CEORCE BRENT
—also—
"GIRL OF THE
OZARKS"
a thrilling mountain romancc
with
VIRGINIA WEIDLER
TODAY AND TOMORROW
Warner Bros, sensation!
BETTE DAVIS
in
"THE GOLDEN
ARROW"
with
CEORCE BRENT
—also—
"GIRL OF THE
OZARKS"
a thrilling mountain romancc
with
VIRGINIA WEIDLER
TODAY AND TOMORROW
Warner Bros, sensation!
BETTE DAVIS
in
"THE GOLDEN
ARROW"
with
CEORCE BRENT
—also—
"GIRL OF THE
OZARKS"
a thrilling mountain romancc
with
VIRGINIA WEIDLER
TODAY AND TOMORROW
Warner Bros, sensation!
BETTE DAVIS
in
"THE GOLDEN
ARROW"
with
CEORCE BRENT
—also—
"GIRL OF THE
OZARKS"
a thrilling mountain romancc
with
VIRGINIA WEIDLER
TODAY AND TOMORROW
Warner Bros, sensation!
BETTE DAVIS
in
"THE GOLDEN
ARROW"
with
CEORCE BRENT
—also—
"GIRL OF THE
OZARKS"
a thrilling mountain romancc
with
VIRGINIA WEIDLER
TODAY AND TOMORROW
Warner Bros, sensation!
BETTE DAVIS
in
"THE GOLDEN
ARROW"
with
CEORCE BRENT
—also—
"GIRL OF THE
OZARKS"
a thrilling mountain romancc
with
VIRGINIA WEIDLER
TODAY AND TOMORROW
Warner Bros, sensation!
BETTE DAVIS
in
"THE GOLDEN
ARROW"
with
CEORCE BRENT
—also—
"GIRL OF THE
OZARKS"
a thrilling mountain romancc
with
VIRGINIA WEIDLER
TODAY AND TOMORROW
Warner Bros, sensation!
BETTE DAVIS
in
"THE GOLDEN
ARROW"
with
CEORCE BRENT
—also—
"GIRL OF THE
OZARKS"
a thrilling mountain romancc
with
VIRGINIA WEIDLER
TODAY AND TOMORROW
Warner Bros, sensation!
BETTE DAVIS
in
"THE GOLDEN
ARROW"
with
CEORCE BRENT
—also—
"GIRL OF THE
OZARKS"
a thrilling mountain romancc
with
VIRGINIA WEIDLER
TODAY AND TOMORROW
Warner Bros, sensation!
BETTE DAVIS
in
"THE GOLDEN
ARROW"
with
CEORCE BRENT
—also—
"GIRL OF THE
OZARKS"
a thrilling mountain romancc
with
VIRGINIA WEIDLER
