# DR. KAULFERS RETURNS
## 
### 
Dr. Walter Vincent Kaulfers, acting
assistant professor of education, has
returned to Stanford from Lubbock,
Texas, where he addressed members of
the State Guidance Conference, which
met at Texas Tech, on the "Curric
ulum Maker's Responsibility for Guid
ance." During Mr. Kaulfers' absence
Dr. Holland D. Roberts took his
classes.
Dr. Walter Vincent Kaulfers, acting
assistant professor of education, has
returned to Stanford from Lubbock,
Texas, where he addressed members of
the State Guidance Conference, which
met at Texas Tech, on the "Curric
ulum Maker's Responsibility for Guid
ance." During Mr. Kaulfers' absence
Dr. Holland D. Roberts took his
classes.
Dr. Walter Vincent Kaulfers, acting
assistant professor of education, has
returned to Stanford from Lubbock,
Texas, where he addressed members of
the State Guidance Conference, which
met at Texas Tech, on the "Curric
ulum Maker's Responsibility for Guid
ance." During Mr. Kaulfers' absence
Dr. Holland D. Roberts took his
classes.
Dr. Walter Vincent Kaulfers, acting
assistant professor of education, has
returned to Stanford from Lubbock,
Texas, where he addressed members of
the State Guidance Conference, which
met at Texas Tech, on the "Curric
ulum Maker's Responsibility for Guid
ance." During Mr. Kaulfers' absence
Dr. Holland D. Roberts took his
classes.
Dr. Walter Vincent Kaulfers, acting
assistant professor of education, has
returned to Stanford from Lubbock,
Texas, where he addressed members of
the State Guidance Conference, which
met at Texas Tech, on the "Curric
ulum Maker's Responsibility for Guid
ance." During Mr. Kaulfers' absence
Dr. Holland D. Roberts took his
classes.
Dr. Walter Vincent Kaulfers, acting
assistant professor of education, has
returned to Stanford from Lubbock,
Texas, where he addressed members of
the State Guidance Conference, which
met at Texas Tech, on the "Curric
ulum Maker's Responsibility for Guid
ance." During Mr. Kaulfers' absence
Dr. Holland D. Roberts took his
classes.
Dr. Walter Vincent Kaulfers, acting
assistant professor of education, has
returned to Stanford from Lubbock,
Texas, where he addressed members of
the State Guidance Conference, which
met at Texas Tech, on the "Curric
ulum Maker's Responsibility for Guid
ance." During Mr. Kaulfers' absence
Dr. Holland D. Roberts took his
classes.
Dr. Walter Vincent Kaulfers, acting
assistant professor of education, has
returned to Stanford from Lubbock,
Texas, where he addressed members of
the State Guidance Conference, which
met at Texas Tech, on the "Curric
ulum Maker's Responsibility for Guid
ance." During Mr. Kaulfers' absence
Dr. Holland D. Roberts took his
classes.
Dr. Walter Vincent Kaulfers, acting
assistant professor of education, has
returned to Stanford from Lubbock,
Texas, where he addressed members of
the State Guidance Conference, which
met at Texas Tech, on the "Curric
ulum Maker's Responsibility for Guid
ance." During Mr. Kaulfers' absence
Dr. Holland D. Roberts took his
classes.
Dr. Walter Vincent Kaulfers, acting
assistant professor of education, has
returned to Stanford from Lubbock,
Texas, where he addressed members of
the State Guidance Conference, which
met at Texas Tech, on the "Curric
ulum Maker's Responsibility for Guid
ance." During Mr. Kaulfers' absence
Dr. Holland D. Roberts took his
classes.
Dr. Walter Vincent Kaulfers, acting
assistant professor of education, has
returned to Stanford from Lubbock,
Texas, where he addressed members of
the State Guidance Conference, which
met at Texas Tech, on the "Curric
ulum Maker's Responsibility for Guid
ance." During Mr. Kaulfers' absence
Dr. Holland D. Roberts took his
classes.
Dr. Walter Vincent Kaulfers, acting
assistant professor of education, has
returned to Stanford from Lubbock,
Texas, where he addressed members of
the State Guidance Conference, which
met at Texas Tech, on the "Curric
ulum Maker's Responsibility for Guid
ance." During Mr. Kaulfers' absence
Dr. Holland D. Roberts took his
classes.
Dr. Walter Vincent Kaulfers, acting
assistant professor of education, has
returned to Stanford from Lubbock,
Texas, where he addressed members of
the State Guidance Conference, which
met at Texas Tech, on the "Curric
ulum Maker's Responsibility for Guid
ance." During Mr. Kaulfers' absence
Dr. Holland D. Roberts took his
classes.
Dr. Walter Vincent Kaulfers, acting
assistant professor of education, has
returned to Stanford from Lubbock,
Texas, where he addressed members of
the State Guidance Conference, which
met at Texas Tech, on the "Curric
ulum Maker's Responsibility for Guid
ance." During Mr. Kaulfers' absence
Dr. Holland D. Roberts took his
classes.
Dr. Walter Vincent Kaulfers, acting
assistant professor of education, has
returned to Stanford from Lubbock,
Texas, where he addressed members of
the State Guidance Conference, which
met at Texas Tech, on the "Curric
ulum Maker's Responsibility for Guid
ance." During Mr. Kaulfers' absence
Dr. Holland D. Roberts took his
classes.
Dr. Walter Vincent Kaulfers, acting
assistant professor of education, has
returned to Stanford from Lubbock,
Texas, where he addressed members of
the State Guidance Conference, which
met at Texas Tech, on the "Curric
ulum Maker's Responsibility for Guid
ance." During Mr. Kaulfers' absence
Dr. Holland D. Roberts took his
classes.
