# Alumni Day to Be Unchanged.
## 
### 
At a meeting of the Senior Week
Committee held last evening, a recent
communication from the alumni re
questing that Alumni Day he changed
from Tuesday to Saturday of Senior
Week was ocnsidered. On account of
the break this would make in the
veek. Tuesday being left practically
vacant, such a change was deemed nil
desirable, and the committee reported
unfavorably on the proposition.
At a meeting of the Senior Week
Committee held last evening, a recent
communication from the alumni re
questing that Alumni Day he changed
from Tuesday to Saturday of Senior
Week was ocnsidered. On account of
the break this would make in the
veek. Tuesday being left practically
vacant, such a change was deemed nil
desirable, and the committee reported
unfavorably on the proposition.
At a meeting of the Senior Week
Committee held last evening, a recent
communication from the alumni re
questing that Alumni Day he changed
from Tuesday to Saturday of Senior
Week was ocnsidered. On account of
the break this would make in the
veek. Tuesday being left practically
vacant, such a change was deemed nil
desirable, and the committee reported
unfavorably on the proposition.
At a meeting of the Senior Week
Committee held last evening, a recent
communication from the alumni re
questing that Alumni Day he changed
from Tuesday to Saturday of Senior
Week was ocnsidered. On account of
the break this would make in the
veek. Tuesday being left practically
vacant, such a change was deemed nil
desirable, and the committee reported
unfavorably on the proposition.
At a meeting of the Senior Week
Committee held last evening, a recent
communication from the alumni re
questing that Alumni Day he changed
from Tuesday to Saturday of Senior
Week was ocnsidered. On account of
the break this would make in the
veek. Tuesday being left practically
vacant, such a change was deemed nil
desirable, and the committee reported
unfavorably on the proposition.
At a meeting of the Senior Week
Committee held last evening, a recent
communication from the alumni re
questing that Alumni Day he changed
from Tuesday to Saturday of Senior
Week was ocnsidered. On account of
the break this would make in the
veek. Tuesday being left practically
vacant, such a change was deemed nil
desirable, and the committee reported
unfavorably on the proposition.
At a meeting of the Senior Week
Committee held last evening, a recent
communication from the alumni re
questing that Alumni Day he changed
from Tuesday to Saturday of Senior
Week was ocnsidered. On account of
the break this would make in the
veek. Tuesday being left practically
vacant, such a change was deemed nil
desirable, and the committee reported
unfavorably on the proposition.
At a meeting of the Senior Week
Committee held last evening, a recent
communication from the alumni re
questing that Alumni Day he changed
from Tuesday to Saturday of Senior
Week was ocnsidered. On account of
the break this would make in the
veek. Tuesday being left practically
vacant, such a change was deemed nil
desirable, and the committee reported
unfavorably on the proposition.
At a meeting of the Senior Week
Committee held last evening, a recent
communication from the alumni re
questing that Alumni Day he changed
from Tuesday to Saturday of Senior
Week was ocnsidered. On account of
the break this would make in the
veek. Tuesday being left practically
vacant, such a change was deemed nil
desirable, and the committee reported
unfavorably on the proposition.
At a meeting of the Senior Week
Committee held last evening, a recent
communication from the alumni re
questing that Alumni Day he changed
from Tuesday to Saturday of Senior
Week was ocnsidered. On account of
the break this would make in the
veek. Tuesday being left practically
vacant, such a change was deemed nil
desirable, and the committee reported
unfavorably on the proposition.
