# Unique Record Established.
## 
### 
The completion of the razing of Me
trorial Church is the occasion of some
discussion, owing to the fact that no
injuries were experienced by the
workmen. It develops, according to
Superintendent Hoin, that Memorial
Church is practically the only one in
the history of church construction
which was razed without accident to
any one.
The completion of the razing of Me
trorial Church is the occasion of some
discussion, owing to the fact that no
injuries were experienced by the
workmen. It develops, according to
Superintendent Hoin, that Memorial
Church is practically the only one in
the history of church construction
which was razed without accident to
any one.
The completion of the razing of Me
trorial Church is the occasion of some
discussion, owing to the fact that no
injuries were experienced by the
workmen. It develops, according to
Superintendent Hoin, that Memorial
Church is practically the only one in
the history of church construction
which was razed without accident to
any one.
The completion of the razing of Me
trorial Church is the occasion of some
discussion, owing to the fact that no
injuries were experienced by the
workmen. It develops, according to
Superintendent Hoin, that Memorial
Church is practically the only one in
the history of church construction
which was razed without accident to
any one.
The completion of the razing of Me
trorial Church is the occasion of some
discussion, owing to the fact that no
injuries were experienced by the
workmen. It develops, according to
Superintendent Hoin, that Memorial
Church is practically the only one in
the history of church construction
which was razed without accident to
any one.
The completion of the razing of Me
trorial Church is the occasion of some
discussion, owing to the fact that no
injuries were experienced by the
workmen. It develops, according to
Superintendent Hoin, that Memorial
Church is practically the only one in
the history of church construction
which was razed without accident to
any one.
The completion of the razing of Me
trorial Church is the occasion of some
discussion, owing to the fact that no
injuries were experienced by the
workmen. It develops, according to
Superintendent Hoin, that Memorial
Church is practically the only one in
the history of church construction
which was razed without accident to
any one.
The completion of the razing of Me
trorial Church is the occasion of some
discussion, owing to the fact that no
injuries were experienced by the
workmen. It develops, according to
Superintendent Hoin, that Memorial
Church is practically the only one in
the history of church construction
which was razed without accident to
any one.
The completion of the razing of Me
trorial Church is the occasion of some
discussion, owing to the fact that no
injuries were experienced by the
workmen. It develops, according to
Superintendent Hoin, that Memorial
Church is practically the only one in
the history of church construction
which was razed without accident to
any one.
The completion of the razing of Me
trorial Church is the occasion of some
discussion, owing to the fact that no
injuries were experienced by the
workmen. It develops, according to
Superintendent Hoin, that Memorial
Church is practically the only one in
the history of church construction
which was razed without accident to
any one.
