# Streeter Fossil Collection Arrives.
## 
### 
The collection of fossils and shells
that was presented to the University
by George J. Streeter of Santa Cruz
last month, has arrived from the East.
As soon as the donor of the collection
comes from Ohio, where he has been
gathering the various divisions of the
specimens, final disposition and ar
rangement will be made of the shells
by the Geology and Mining depart
ment.
The collection of fossils and shells
that was presented to the University
by George J. Streeter of Santa Cruz
last month, has arrived from the East.
As soon as the donor of the collection
comes from Ohio, where he has been
gathering the various divisions of the
specimens, final disposition and ar
rangement will be made of the shells
by the Geology and Mining depart
ment.
The collection of fossils and shells
that was presented to the University
by George J. Streeter of Santa Cruz
last month, has arrived from the East.
As soon as the donor of the collection
comes from Ohio, where he has been
gathering the various divisions of the
specimens, final disposition and ar
rangement will be made of the shells
by the Geology and Mining depart
ment.
The collection of fossils and shells
that was presented to the University
by George J. Streeter of Santa Cruz
last month, has arrived from the East.
As soon as the donor of the collection
comes from Ohio, where he has been
gathering the various divisions of the
specimens, final disposition and ar
rangement will be made of the shells
by the Geology and Mining depart
ment.
The collection of fossils and shells
that was presented to the University
by George J. Streeter of Santa Cruz
last month, has arrived from the East.
As soon as the donor of the collection
comes from Ohio, where he has been
gathering the various divisions of the
specimens, final disposition and ar
rangement will be made of the shells
by the Geology and Mining depart
ment.
The collection of fossils and shells
that was presented to the University
by George J. Streeter of Santa Cruz
last month, has arrived from the East.
As soon as the donor of the collection
comes from Ohio, where he has been
gathering the various divisions of the
specimens, final disposition and ar
rangement will be made of the shells
by the Geology and Mining depart
ment.
The collection of fossils and shells
that was presented to the University
by George J. Streeter of Santa Cruz
last month, has arrived from the East.
As soon as the donor of the collection
comes from Ohio, where he has been
gathering the various divisions of the
specimens, final disposition and ar
rangement will be made of the shells
by the Geology and Mining depart
ment.
The collection of fossils and shells
that was presented to the University
by George J. Streeter of Santa Cruz
last month, has arrived from the East.
As soon as the donor of the collection
comes from Ohio, where he has been
gathering the various divisions of the
specimens, final disposition and ar
rangement will be made of the shells
by the Geology and Mining depart
ment.
The collection of fossils and shells
that was presented to the University
by George J. Streeter of Santa Cruz
last month, has arrived from the East.
As soon as the donor of the collection
comes from Ohio, where he has been
gathering the various divisions of the
specimens, final disposition and ar
rangement will be made of the shells
by the Geology and Mining depart
ment.
The collection of fossils and shells
that was presented to the University
by George J. Streeter of Santa Cruz
last month, has arrived from the East.
As soon as the donor of the collection
comes from Ohio, where he has been
gathering the various divisions of the
specimens, final disposition and ar
rangement will be made of the shells
by the Geology and Mining depart
ment.
