# SUMMER ACTIVITIES CALENDAR / July 30-August 5 Summer Quarter 1976
## 
### 
FRIDAY
30
4:30 PM Happy
Hour —l-Center 10
a.m.-5 p.m Exhibit &
Sale. Roten Galleries,
TMU Lobby
8 PM Stanford
Savoyards. "Patience,"
Dinkelspiel Aud
$2 50/gen., $1.50/
students

SATURDAY
"31
1 30 PM Rodin public
tour; Museum of Art
10 a.m.-5 p.m. Exhibit &
Sale, Roten Galleries.
TMU lobby
8 PM Stanford
Savoyards, "Patience,"
Dinkelspiel Aud.
$2.50/gen„ $1.50/
students
ASSU Flicks: "Five
Easy Pieces," Cubber
ley Aud.

SUNDAY
1 August
2 PM Public tour;
Museum of Art
3 PM Recital, Dennis
Johnston, TMU lounge
6:30 PM Sunday sup
per, l-Center, everyone
welcome
8 PM Stanford
Savoyards, "Patience,"
Dinkelspiel Aud.
$2.50/gen., $1.50/
students
ASSU Flicks: "Alice
Doesn't Live Here Any
more," Mem Aud.

MONDAY
~2
Last day to file for AB
. and BS for September
conferral
7 PM Jazz workshop,
TMU lounge
Off-campus party for
gay students, staff and
faculty. All welcome.
Call GPU, 7-1488 for
time and place.

TUESDAY
3
12:30 PM Bicentennial
tour of Museum of Art;
open to public
3 PM Jazz workshop,
TMU Alumni room
7:30 PM Urban Studies'
Film Series: "They
Might Be Giants," by An
thony Harvey, Jordan
040, open to public

WEDNESDAY
~~4
12:15 PM Rodin public
tour: Museum of Art
7:30 PM The Bridge
Lecture Series, to be
announced

THURSDAY
~5
8 PM TMU Lecture
Series: lounge Ralph
Hansen, Chief of Ac
quisitions, Main Library,
"The History of Stan
ford"
FRIDAY
30
4:30 PM Happy
Hour —l-Center 10
a.m.-5 p.m Exhibit &
Sale. Roten Galleries,
TMU Lobby
8 PM Stanford
Savoyards. "Patience,"
Dinkelspiel Aud
$2 50/gen., $1.50/
students

SATURDAY
"31
1 30 PM Rodin public
tour; Museum of Art
10 a.m.-5 p.m. Exhibit &
Sale, Roten Galleries.
TMU lobby
8 PM Stanford
Savoyards, "Patience,"
Dinkelspiel Aud.
$2.50/gen„ $1.50/
students
ASSU Flicks: "Five
Easy Pieces," Cubber
ley Aud.

SUNDAY
1 August
2 PM Public tour;
Museum of Art
3 PM Recital, Dennis
Johnston, TMU lounge
6:30 PM Sunday sup
per, l-Center, everyone
welcome
8 PM Stanford
Savoyards, "Patience,"
Dinkelspiel Aud.
$2.50/gen., $1.50/
students
ASSU Flicks: "Alice
Doesn't Live Here Any
more," Mem Aud.

MONDAY
~2
Last day to file for AB
. and BS for September
conferral
7 PM Jazz workshop,
TMU lounge
Off-campus party for
gay students, staff and
faculty. All welcome.
Call GPU, 7-1488 for
time and place.

TUESDAY
3
12:30 PM Bicentennial
tour of Museum of Art;
open to public
3 PM Jazz workshop,
TMU Alumni room
7:30 PM Urban Studies'
Film Series: "They
Might Be Giants," by An
thony Harvey, Jordan
040, open to public

WEDNESDAY
~~4
12:15 PM Rodin public
tour: Museum of Art
7:30 PM The Bridge
Lecture Series, to be
announced

THURSDAY
~5
8 PM TMU Lecture
Series: lounge Ralph
Hansen, Chief of Ac
quisitions, Main Library,
"The History of Stan
ford"
FRIDAY
30
4:30 PM Happy
Hour —l-Center 10
a.m.-5 p.m Exhibit &
Sale. Roten Galleries,
TMU Lobby
8 PM Stanford
Savoyards. "Patience,"
Dinkelspiel Aud
$2 50/gen., $1.50/
students

SATURDAY
"31
1 30 PM Rodin public
tour; Museum of Art
10 a.m.-5 p.m. Exhibit &
Sale, Roten Galleries.
TMU lobby
8 PM Stanford
Savoyards, "Patience,"
Dinkelspiel Aud.
$2.50/gen„ $1.50/
students
ASSU Flicks: "Five
Easy Pieces," Cubber
ley Aud.

SUNDAY
1 August
2 PM Public tour;
Museum of Art
3 PM Recital, Dennis
Johnston, TMU lounge
6:30 PM Sunday sup
per, l-Center, everyone
welcome
8 PM Stanford
Savoyards, "Patience,"
Dinkelspiel Aud.
$2.50/gen., $1.50/
students
ASSU Flicks: "Alice
Doesn't Live Here Any
more," Mem Aud.

MONDAY
~2
Last day to file for AB
. and BS for September
conferral
7 PM Jazz workshop,
TMU lounge
Off-campus party for
gay students, staff and
faculty. All welcome.
Call GPU, 7-1488 for
time and place.

TUESDAY
3
12:30 PM Bicentennial
tour of Museum of Art;
open to public
3 PM Jazz workshop,
TMU Alumni room
7:30 PM Urban Studies'
Film Series: "They
Might Be Giants," by An
thony Harvey, Jordan
040, open to public

WEDNESDAY
~~4
12:15 PM Rodin public
tour: Museum of Art
7:30 PM The Bridge
Lecture Series, to be
announced

THURSDAY
~5
8 PM TMU Lecture
Series: lounge Ralph
Hansen, Chief of Ac
quisitions, Main Library,
"The History of Stan
ford"
FRIDAY
30
4:30 PM Happy
Hour —l-Center 10
a.m.-5 p.m Exhibit &
Sale. Roten Galleries,
TMU Lobby
8 PM Stanford
Savoyards. "Patience,"
Dinkelspiel Aud
$2 50/gen., $1.50/
students

SATURDAY
"31
1 30 PM Rodin public
tour; Museum of Art
10 a.m.-5 p.m. Exhibit &
Sale, Roten Galleries.
TMU lobby
8 PM Stanford
Savoyards, "Patience,"
Dinkelspiel Aud.
$2.50/gen„ $1.50/
students
ASSU Flicks: "Five
Easy Pieces," Cubber
ley Aud.

SUNDAY
1 August
2 PM Public tour;
Museum of Art
3 PM Recital, Dennis
Johnston, TMU lounge
6:30 PM Sunday sup
per, l-Center, everyone
welcome
8 PM Stanford
Savoyards, "Patience,"
Dinkelspiel Aud.
$2.50/gen., $1.50/
students
ASSU Flicks: "Alice
Doesn't Live Here Any
more," Mem Aud.

MONDAY
~2
Last day to file for AB
. and BS for September
conferral
7 PM Jazz workshop,
TMU lounge
Off-campus party for
gay students, staff and
faculty. All welcome.
Call GPU, 7-1488 for
time and place.

TUESDAY
3
12:30 PM Bicentennial
tour of Museum of Art;
open to public
3 PM Jazz workshop,
TMU Alumni room
7:30 PM Urban Studies'
Film Series: "They
Might Be Giants," by An
thony Harvey, Jordan
040, open to public

WEDNESDAY
~~4
12:15 PM Rodin public
tour: Museum of Art
7:30 PM The Bridge
Lecture Series, to be
announced

THURSDAY
~5
8 PM TMU Lecture
Series: lounge Ralph
Hansen, Chief of Ac
quisitions, Main Library,
"The History of Stan
ford"
FRIDAY
30
4:30 PM Happy
Hour —l-Center 10
a.m.-5 p.m Exhibit &
Sale. Roten Galleries,
TMU Lobby
8 PM Stanford
Savoyards. "Patience,"
Dinkelspiel Aud
$2 50/gen., $1.50/
students

SATURDAY
"31
1 30 PM Rodin public
tour; Museum of Art
10 a.m.-5 p.m. Exhibit &
Sale, Roten Galleries.
TMU lobby
8 PM Stanford
Savoyards, "Patience,"
Dinkelspiel Aud.
$2.50/gen„ $1.50/
students
ASSU Flicks: "Five
Easy Pieces," Cubber
ley Aud.

SUNDAY
1 August
2 PM Public tour;
Museum of Art
3 PM Recital, Dennis
Johnston, TMU lounge
6:30 PM Sunday sup
per, l-Center, everyone
welcome
8 PM Stanford
Savoyards, "Patience,"
Dinkelspiel Aud.
$2.50/gen., $1.50/
students
ASSU Flicks: "Alice
Doesn't Live Here Any
more," Mem Aud.

MONDAY
~2
Last day to file for AB
. and BS for September
conferral
7 PM Jazz workshop,
TMU lounge
Off-campus party for
gay students, staff and
faculty. All welcome.
Call GPU, 7-1488 for
time and place.

TUESDAY
3
12:30 PM Bicentennial
tour of Museum of Art;
open to public
3 PM Jazz workshop,
TMU Alumni room
7:30 PM Urban Studies'
Film Series: "They
Might Be Giants," by An
thony Harvey, Jordan
040, open to public

WEDNESDAY
~~4
12:15 PM Rodin public
tour: Museum of Art
7:30 PM The Bridge
Lecture Series, to be
announced

THURSDAY
~5
8 PM TMU Lecture
Series: lounge Ralph
Hansen, Chief of Ac
quisitions, Main Library,
"The History of Stan
ford"
FRIDAY
30
4:30 PM Happy
Hour —l-Center 10
a.m.-5 p.m Exhibit &
Sale. Roten Galleries,
TMU Lobby
8 PM Stanford
Savoyards. "Patience,"
Dinkelspiel Aud
$2 50/gen., $1.50/
students

SATURDAY
"31
1 30 PM Rodin public
tour; Museum of Art
10 a.m.-5 p.m. Exhibit &
Sale, Roten Galleries.
TMU lobby
8 PM Stanford
Savoyards, "Patience,"
Dinkelspiel Aud.
$2.50/gen„ $1.50/
students
ASSU Flicks: "Five
Easy Pieces," Cubber
ley Aud.

SUNDAY
1 August
2 PM Public tour;
Museum of Art
3 PM Recital, Dennis
Johnston, TMU lounge
6:30 PM Sunday sup
per, l-Center, everyone
welcome
8 PM Stanford
Savoyards, "Patience,"
Dinkelspiel Aud.
$2.50/gen., $1.50/
students
ASSU Flicks: "Alice
Doesn't Live Here Any
more," Mem Aud.

MONDAY
~2
Last day to file for AB
. and BS for September
conferral
7 PM Jazz workshop,
TMU lounge
Off-campus party for
gay students, staff and
faculty. All welcome.
Call GPU, 7-1488 for
time and place.

TUESDAY
3
12:30 PM Bicentennial
tour of Museum of Art;
open to public
3 PM Jazz workshop,
TMU Alumni room
7:30 PM Urban Studies'
Film Series: "They
Might Be Giants," by An
thony Harvey, Jordan
040, open to public

WEDNESDAY
~~4
12:15 PM Rodin public
tour: Museum of Art
7:30 PM The Bridge
Lecture Series, to be
announced

THURSDAY
~5
8 PM TMU Lecture
Series: lounge Ralph
Hansen, Chief of Ac
quisitions, Main Library,
"The History of Stan
ford"
FRIDAY
30
4:30 PM Happy
Hour —l-Center 10
a.m.-5 p.m Exhibit &
Sale. Roten Galleries,
TMU Lobby
8 PM Stanford
Savoyards. "Patience,"
Dinkelspiel Aud
$2 50/gen., $1.50/
students

SATURDAY
"31
1 30 PM Rodin public
tour; Museum of Art
10 a.m.-5 p.m. Exhibit &
Sale, Roten Galleries.
TMU lobby
8 PM Stanford
Savoyards, "Patience,"
Dinkelspiel Aud.
$2.50/gen„ $1.50/
students
ASSU Flicks: "Five
Easy Pieces," Cubber
ley Aud.

SUNDAY
1 August
2 PM Public tour;
Museum of Art
3 PM Recital, Dennis
Johnston, TMU lounge
6:30 PM Sunday sup
per, l-Center, everyone
welcome
8 PM Stanford
Savoyards, "Patience,"
Dinkelspiel Aud.
$2.50/gen., $1.50/
students
ASSU Flicks: "Alice
Doesn't Live Here Any
more," Mem Aud.

MONDAY
~2
Last day to file for AB
. and BS for September
conferral
7 PM Jazz workshop,
TMU lounge
Off-campus party for
gay students, staff and
faculty. All welcome.
Call GPU, 7-1488 for
time and place.

TUESDAY
3
12:30 PM Bicentennial
tour of Museum of Art;
open to public
3 PM Jazz workshop,
TMU Alumni room
7:30 PM Urban Studies'
Film Series: "They
Might Be Giants," by An
thony Harvey, Jordan
040, open to public

WEDNESDAY
~~4
12:15 PM Rodin public
tour: Museum of Art
7:30 PM The Bridge
Lecture Series, to be
announced

THURSDAY
~5
8 PM TMU Lecture
Series: lounge Ralph
Hansen, Chief of Ac
quisitions, Main Library,
"The History of Stan
ford"
FRIDAY
30
4:30 PM Happy
Hour —l-Center 10
a.m.-5 p.m Exhibit &
Sale. Roten Galleries,
TMU Lobby
8 PM Stanford
Savoyards. "Patience,"
Dinkelspiel Aud
$2 50/gen., $1.50/
students

SATURDAY
"31
1 30 PM Rodin public
tour; Museum of Art
10 a.m.-5 p.m. Exhibit &
Sale, Roten Galleries.
TMU lobby
8 PM Stanford
Savoyards, "Patience,"
Dinkelspiel Aud.
$2.50/gen„ $1.50/
students
ASSU Flicks: "Five
Easy Pieces," Cubber
ley Aud.

SUNDAY
1 August
2 PM Public tour;
Museum of Art
3 PM Recital, Dennis
Johnston, TMU lounge
6:30 PM Sunday sup
per, l-Center, everyone
welcome
8 PM Stanford
Savoyards, "Patience,"
Dinkelspiel Aud.
$2.50/gen., $1.50/
students
ASSU Flicks: "Alice
Doesn't Live Here Any
more," Mem Aud.

MONDAY
~2
Last day to file for AB
. and BS for September
conferral
7 PM Jazz workshop,
TMU lounge
Off-campus party for
gay students, staff and
faculty. All welcome.
Call GPU, 7-1488 for
time and place.

TUESDAY
3
12:30 PM Bicentennial
tour of Museum of Art;
open to public
3 PM Jazz workshop,
TMU Alumni room
7:30 PM Urban Studies'
Film Series: "They
Might Be Giants," by An
thony Harvey, Jordan
040, open to public

WEDNESDAY
~~4
12:15 PM Rodin public
tour: Museum of Art
7:30 PM The Bridge
Lecture Series, to be
announced

THURSDAY
~5
8 PM TMU Lecture
Series: lounge Ralph
Hansen, Chief of Ac
quisitions, Main Library,
"The History of Stan
ford"
FRIDAY
30
4:30 PM Happy
Hour —l-Center 10
a.m.-5 p.m Exhibit &
Sale. Roten Galleries,
TMU Lobby
8 PM Stanford
Savoyards. "Patience,"
Dinkelspiel Aud
$2 50/gen., $1.50/
students

SATURDAY
"31
1 30 PM Rodin public
tour; Museum of Art
10 a.m.-5 p.m. Exhibit &
Sale, Roten Galleries.
TMU lobby
8 PM Stanford
Savoyards, "Patience,"
Dinkelspiel Aud.
$2.50/gen„ $1.50/
students
ASSU Flicks: "Five
Easy Pieces," Cubber
ley Aud.

SUNDAY
1 August
2 PM Public tour;
Museum of Art
3 PM Recital, Dennis
Johnston, TMU lounge
6:30 PM Sunday sup
per, l-Center, everyone
welcome
8 PM Stanford
Savoyards, "Patience,"
Dinkelspiel Aud.
$2.50/gen., $1.50/
students
ASSU Flicks: "Alice
Doesn't Live Here Any
more," Mem Aud.

MONDAY
~2
Last day to file for AB
. and BS for September
conferral
7 PM Jazz workshop,
TMU lounge
Off-campus party for
gay students, staff and
faculty. All welcome.
Call GPU, 7-1488 for
time and place.

TUESDAY
3
12:30 PM Bicentennial
tour of Museum of Art;
open to public
3 PM Jazz workshop,
TMU Alumni room
7:30 PM Urban Studies'
Film Series: "They
Might Be Giants," by An
thony Harvey, Jordan
040, open to public

WEDNESDAY
~~4
12:15 PM Rodin public
tour: Museum of Art
7:30 PM The Bridge
Lecture Series, to be
announced

THURSDAY
~5
8 PM TMU Lecture
Series: lounge Ralph
Hansen, Chief of Ac
quisitions, Main Library,
"The History of Stan
ford"
FRIDAY
30
4:30 PM Happy
Hour —l-Center 10
a.m.-5 p.m Exhibit &
Sale. Roten Galleries,
TMU Lobby
8 PM Stanford
Savoyards. "Patience,"
Dinkelspiel Aud
$2 50/gen., $1.50/
students

SATURDAY
"31
1 30 PM Rodin public
tour; Museum of Art
10 a.m.-5 p.m. Exhibit &
Sale, Roten Galleries.
TMU lobby
8 PM Stanford
Savoyards, "Patience,"
Dinkelspiel Aud.
$2.50/gen„ $1.50/
students
ASSU Flicks: "Five
Easy Pieces," Cubber
ley Aud.

SUNDAY
1 August
2 PM Public tour;
Museum of Art
3 PM Recital, Dennis
Johnston, TMU lounge
6:30 PM Sunday sup
per, l-Center, everyone
welcome
8 PM Stanford
Savoyards, "Patience,"
Dinkelspiel Aud.
$2.50/gen., $1.50/
students
ASSU Flicks: "Alice
Doesn't Live Here Any
more," Mem Aud.

MONDAY
~2
Last day to file for AB
. and BS for September
conferral
7 PM Jazz workshop,
TMU lounge
Off-campus party for
gay students, staff and
faculty. All welcome.
Call GPU, 7-1488 for
time and place.

TUESDAY
3
12:30 PM Bicentennial
tour of Museum of Art;
open to public
3 PM Jazz workshop,
TMU Alumni room
7:30 PM Urban Studies'
Film Series: "They
Might Be Giants," by An
thony Harvey, Jordan
040, open to public

WEDNESDAY
~~4
12:15 PM Rodin public
tour: Museum of Art
7:30 PM The Bridge
Lecture Series, to be
announced

THURSDAY
~5
8 PM TMU Lecture
Series: lounge Ralph
Hansen, Chief of Ac
quisitions, Main Library,
"The History of Stan
ford"
FRIDAY
30
4:30 PM Happy
Hour —l-Center 10
a.m.-5 p.m Exhibit &
Sale. Roten Galleries,
TMU Lobby
8 PM Stanford
Savoyards. "Patience,"
Dinkelspiel Aud
$2 50/gen., $1.50/
students

SATURDAY
"31
1 30 PM Rodin public
tour; Museum of Art
10 a.m.-5 p.m. Exhibit &
Sale, Roten Galleries.
TMU lobby
8 PM Stanford
Savoyards, "Patience,"
Dinkelspiel Aud.
$2.50/gen„ $1.50/
students
ASSU Flicks: "Five
Easy Pieces," Cubber
ley Aud.

SUNDAY
1 August
2 PM Public tour;
Museum of Art
3 PM Recital, Dennis
Johnston, TMU lounge
6:30 PM Sunday sup
per, l-Center, everyone
welcome
8 PM Stanford
Savoyards, "Patience,"
Dinkelspiel Aud.
$2.50/gen., $1.50/
students
ASSU Flicks: "Alice
Doesn't Live Here Any
more," Mem Aud.

MONDAY
~2
Last day to file for AB
. and BS for September
conferral
7 PM Jazz workshop,
TMU lounge
Off-campus party for
gay students, staff and
faculty. All welcome.
Call GPU, 7-1488 for
time and place.

TUESDAY
3
12:30 PM Bicentennial
tour of Museum of Art;
open to public
3 PM Jazz workshop,
TMU Alumni room
7:30 PM Urban Studies'
Film Series: "They
Might Be Giants," by An
thony Harvey, Jordan
040, open to public

WEDNESDAY
~~4
12:15 PM Rodin public
tour: Museum of Art
7:30 PM The Bridge
Lecture Series, to be
announced

THURSDAY
~5
8 PM TMU Lecture
Series: lounge Ralph
Hansen, Chief of Ac
quisitions, Main Library,
"The History of Stan
ford"
FRIDAY
30
4:30 PM Happy
Hour —l-Center 10
a.m.-5 p.m Exhibit &
Sale. Roten Galleries,
TMU Lobby
8 PM Stanford
Savoyards. "Patience,"
Dinkelspiel Aud
$2 50/gen., $1.50/
students

SATURDAY
"31
1 30 PM Rodin public
tour; Museum of Art
10 a.m.-5 p.m. Exhibit &
Sale, Roten Galleries.
TMU lobby
8 PM Stanford
Savoyards, "Patience,"
Dinkelspiel Aud.
$2.50/gen„ $1.50/
students
ASSU Flicks: "Five
Easy Pieces," Cubber
ley Aud.

SUNDAY
1 August
2 PM Public tour;
Museum of Art
3 PM Recital, Dennis
Johnston, TMU lounge
6:30 PM Sunday sup
per, l-Center, everyone
welcome
8 PM Stanford
Savoyards, "Patience,"
Dinkelspiel Aud.
$2.50/gen., $1.50/
students
ASSU Flicks: "Alice
Doesn't Live Here Any
more," Mem Aud.

MONDAY
~2
Last day to file for AB
. and BS for September
conferral
7 PM Jazz workshop,
TMU lounge
Off-campus party for
gay students, staff and
faculty. All welcome.
Call GPU, 7-1488 for
time and place.

TUESDAY
3
12:30 PM Bicentennial
tour of Museum of Art;
open to public
3 PM Jazz workshop,
TMU Alumni room
7:30 PM Urban Studies'
Film Series: "They
Might Be Giants," by An
thony Harvey, Jordan
040, open to public

WEDNESDAY
~~4
12:15 PM Rodin public
tour: Museum of Art
7:30 PM The Bridge
Lecture Series, to be
announced

THURSDAY
~5
8 PM TMU Lecture
Series: lounge Ralph
Hansen, Chief of Ac
quisitions, Main Library,
"The History of Stan
ford"
FRIDAY
30
4:30 PM Happy
Hour —l-Center 10
a.m.-5 p.m Exhibit &
Sale. Roten Galleries,
TMU Lobby
8 PM Stanford
Savoyards. "Patience,"
Dinkelspiel Aud
$2 50/gen., $1.50/
students

SATURDAY
"31
1 30 PM Rodin public
tour; Museum of Art
10 a.m.-5 p.m. Exhibit &
Sale, Roten Galleries.
TMU lobby
8 PM Stanford
Savoyards, "Patience,"
Dinkelspiel Aud.
$2.50/gen„ $1.50/
students
ASSU Flicks: "Five
Easy Pieces," Cubber
ley Aud.

SUNDAY
1 August
2 PM Public tour;
Museum of Art
3 PM Recital, Dennis
Johnston, TMU lounge
6:30 PM Sunday sup
per, l-Center, everyone
welcome
8 PM Stanford
Savoyards, "Patience,"
Dinkelspiel Aud.
$2.50/gen., $1.50/
students
ASSU Flicks: "Alice
Doesn't Live Here Any
more," Mem Aud.

MONDAY
~2
Last day to file for AB
. and BS for September
conferral
7 PM Jazz workshop,
TMU lounge
Off-campus party for
gay students, staff and
faculty. All welcome.
Call GPU, 7-1488 for
time and place.

TUESDAY
3
12:30 PM Bicentennial
tour of Museum of Art;
open to public
3 PM Jazz workshop,
TMU Alumni room
7:30 PM Urban Studies'
Film Series: "They
Might Be Giants," by An
thony Harvey, Jordan
040, open to public

WEDNESDAY
~~4
12:15 PM Rodin public
tour: Museum of Art
7:30 PM The Bridge
Lecture Series, to be
announced

THURSDAY
~5
8 PM TMU Lecture
Series: lounge Ralph
Hansen, Chief of Ac
quisitions, Main Library,
"The History of Stan
ford"
