# HONOR SYSTEM DISCUSSED BY LITERARY SOCIETIES
## 
### 
Subjects pertaining to university
interest occupied the members of the
Euphronia and Nestoria at their reg
ular Tuesday evening meetings. The
much mooted question of establishing
the Honor System at Stanford was
warmly discussed by the Euphronians.
Nestoria debated the issue of institut
ing a national university at Washing
ton. The affirmative won the discus
sion.
Subjects pertaining to university
interest occupied the members of the
Euphronia and Nestoria at their reg
ular Tuesday evening meetings. The
much mooted question of establishing
the Honor System at Stanford was
warmly discussed by the Euphronians.
Nestoria debated the issue of institut
ing a national university at Washing
ton. The affirmative won the discus
sion.
Subjects pertaining to university
interest occupied the members of the
Euphronia and Nestoria at their reg
ular Tuesday evening meetings. The
much mooted question of establishing
the Honor System at Stanford was
warmly discussed by the Euphronians.
Nestoria debated the issue of institut
ing a national university at Washing
ton. The affirmative won the discus
sion.
Subjects pertaining to university
interest occupied the members of the
Euphronia and Nestoria at their reg
ular Tuesday evening meetings. The
much mooted question of establishing
the Honor System at Stanford was
warmly discussed by the Euphronians.
Nestoria debated the issue of institut
ing a national university at Washing
ton. The affirmative won the discus
sion.
Subjects pertaining to university
interest occupied the members of the
Euphronia and Nestoria at their reg
ular Tuesday evening meetings. The
much mooted question of establishing
the Honor System at Stanford was
warmly discussed by the Euphronians.
Nestoria debated the issue of institut
ing a national university at Washing
ton. The affirmative won the discus
sion.
Subjects pertaining to university
interest occupied the members of the
Euphronia and Nestoria at their reg
ular Tuesday evening meetings. The
much mooted question of establishing
the Honor System at Stanford was
warmly discussed by the Euphronians.
Nestoria debated the issue of institut
ing a national university at Washing
ton. The affirmative won the discus
sion.
Subjects pertaining to university
interest occupied the members of the
Euphronia and Nestoria at their reg
ular Tuesday evening meetings. The
much mooted question of establishing
the Honor System at Stanford was
warmly discussed by the Euphronians.
Nestoria debated the issue of institut
ing a national university at Washing
ton. The affirmative won the discus
sion.
Subjects pertaining to university
interest occupied the members of the
Euphronia and Nestoria at their reg
ular Tuesday evening meetings. The
much mooted question of establishing
the Honor System at Stanford was
warmly discussed by the Euphronians.
Nestoria debated the issue of institut
ing a national university at Washing
ton. The affirmative won the discus
sion.
Subjects pertaining to university
interest occupied the members of the
Euphronia and Nestoria at their reg
ular Tuesday evening meetings. The
much mooted question of establishing
the Honor System at Stanford was
warmly discussed by the Euphronians.
Nestoria debated the issue of institut
ing a national university at Washing
ton. The affirmative won the discus
sion.
Subjects pertaining to university
interest occupied the members of the
Euphronia and Nestoria at their reg
ular Tuesday evening meetings. The
much mooted question of establishing
the Honor System at Stanford was
warmly discussed by the Euphronians.
Nestoria debated the issue of institut
ing a national university at Washing
ton. The affirmative won the discus
sion.
Subjects pertaining to university
interest occupied the members of the
Euphronia and Nestoria at their reg
ular Tuesday evening meetings. The
much mooted question of establishing
the Honor System at Stanford was
warmly discussed by the Euphronians.
Nestoria debated the issue of institut
ing a national university at Washing
ton. The affirmative won the discus
sion.
Subjects pertaining to university
interest occupied the members of the
Euphronia and Nestoria at their reg
ular Tuesday evening meetings. The
much mooted question of establishing
the Honor System at Stanford was
warmly discussed by the Euphronians.
Nestoria debated the issue of institut
ing a national university at Washing
ton. The affirmative won the discus
sion.
Subjects pertaining to university
interest occupied the members of the
Euphronia and Nestoria at their reg
ular Tuesday evening meetings. The
much mooted question of establishing
the Honor System at Stanford was
warmly discussed by the Euphronians.
Nestoria debated the issue of institut
ing a national university at Washing
ton. The affirmative won the discus
sion.
