# WATKINS APPOINTS SENIOR ENTERTAINMENT COMMITTEE
## 
### 
F. B. Watkins, president of the Sen
ior class, has appointed a committee
to co-operate with the Senior Week
committee in providing entertainment
for the various functions to be given
during the final week, especially pro
grams of a musical nature. CI. P. Ross
will act as chairman and will be as
sisted by P. E. Blanchard and B. W.
Barshinger and D, P. Carlton. The
Senior Week committee has practically
decided to secure the noted Austra
lian orchestra of San Francisco to
play at the Senior Prom.
F. B. Watkins, president of the Sen
ior class, has appointed a committee
to co-operate with the Senior Week
committee in providing entertainment
for the various functions to be given
during the final week, especially pro
grams of a musical nature. CI. P. Ross
will act as chairman and will be as
sisted by P. E. Blanchard and B. W.
Barshinger and D, P. Carlton. The
Senior Week committee has practically
decided to secure the noted Austra
lian orchestra of San Francisco to
play at the Senior Prom.
F. B. Watkins, president of the Sen
ior class, has appointed a committee
to co-operate with the Senior Week
committee in providing entertainment
for the various functions to be given
during the final week, especially pro
grams of a musical nature. CI. P. Ross
will act as chairman and will be as
sisted by P. E. Blanchard and B. W.
Barshinger and D, P. Carlton. The
Senior Week committee has practically
decided to secure the noted Austra
lian orchestra of San Francisco to
play at the Senior Prom.
F. B. Watkins, president of the Sen
ior class, has appointed a committee
to co-operate with the Senior Week
committee in providing entertainment
for the various functions to be given
during the final week, especially pro
grams of a musical nature. CI. P. Ross
will act as chairman and will be as
sisted by P. E. Blanchard and B. W.
Barshinger and D, P. Carlton. The
Senior Week committee has practically
decided to secure the noted Austra
lian orchestra of San Francisco to
play at the Senior Prom.
F. B. Watkins, president of the Sen
ior class, has appointed a committee
to co-operate with the Senior Week
committee in providing entertainment
for the various functions to be given
during the final week, especially pro
grams of a musical nature. CI. P. Ross
will act as chairman and will be as
sisted by P. E. Blanchard and B. W.
Barshinger and D, P. Carlton. The
Senior Week committee has practically
decided to secure the noted Austra
lian orchestra of San Francisco to
play at the Senior Prom.
F. B. Watkins, president of the Sen
ior class, has appointed a committee
to co-operate with the Senior Week
committee in providing entertainment
for the various functions to be given
during the final week, especially pro
grams of a musical nature. CI. P. Ross
will act as chairman and will be as
sisted by P. E. Blanchard and B. W.
Barshinger and D, P. Carlton. The
Senior Week committee has practically
decided to secure the noted Austra
lian orchestra of San Francisco to
play at the Senior Prom.
F. B. Watkins, president of the Sen
ior class, has appointed a committee
to co-operate with the Senior Week
committee in providing entertainment
for the various functions to be given
during the final week, especially pro
grams of a musical nature. CI. P. Ross
will act as chairman and will be as
sisted by P. E. Blanchard and B. W.
Barshinger and D, P. Carlton. The
Senior Week committee has practically
decided to secure the noted Austra
lian orchestra of San Francisco to
play at the Senior Prom.
F. B. Watkins, president of the Sen
ior class, has appointed a committee
to co-operate with the Senior Week
committee in providing entertainment
for the various functions to be given
during the final week, especially pro
grams of a musical nature. CI. P. Ross
will act as chairman and will be as
sisted by P. E. Blanchard and B. W.
Barshinger and D, P. Carlton. The
Senior Week committee has practically
decided to secure the noted Austra
lian orchestra of San Francisco to
play at the Senior Prom.
F. B. Watkins, president of the Sen
ior class, has appointed a committee
to co-operate with the Senior Week
committee in providing entertainment
for the various functions to be given
during the final week, especially pro
grams of a musical nature. CI. P. Ross
will act as chairman and will be as
sisted by P. E. Blanchard and B. W.
Barshinger and D, P. Carlton. The
Senior Week committee has practically
decided to secure the noted Austra
lian orchestra of San Francisco to
play at the Senior Prom.
F. B. Watkins, president of the Sen
ior class, has appointed a committee
to co-operate with the Senior Week
committee in providing entertainment
for the various functions to be given
during the final week, especially pro
grams of a musical nature. CI. P. Ross
will act as chairman and will be as
sisted by P. E. Blanchard and B. W.
Barshinger and D, P. Carlton. The
Senior Week committee has practically
decided to secure the noted Austra
lian orchestra of San Francisco to
play at the Senior Prom.
F. B. Watkins, president of the Sen
ior class, has appointed a committee
to co-operate with the Senior Week
committee in providing entertainment
for the various functions to be given
during the final week, especially pro
grams of a musical nature. CI. P. Ross
will act as chairman and will be as
sisted by P. E. Blanchard and B. W.
Barshinger and D, P. Carlton. The
Senior Week committee has practically
decided to secure the noted Austra
lian orchestra of San Francisco to
play at the Senior Prom.
F. B. Watkins, president of the Sen
ior class, has appointed a committee
to co-operate with the Senior Week
committee in providing entertainment
for the various functions to be given
during the final week, especially pro
grams of a musical nature. CI. P. Ross
will act as chairman and will be as
sisted by P. E. Blanchard and B. W.
Barshinger and D, P. Carlton. The
Senior Week committee has practically
decided to secure the noted Austra
lian orchestra of San Francisco to
play at the Senior Prom.
F. B. Watkins, president of the Sen
ior class, has appointed a committee
to co-operate with the Senior Week
committee in providing entertainment
for the various functions to be given
during the final week, especially pro
grams of a musical nature. CI. P. Ross
will act as chairman and will be as
sisted by P. E. Blanchard and B. W.
Barshinger and D, P. Carlton. The
Senior Week committee has practically
decided to secure the noted Austra
lian orchestra of San Francisco to
play at the Senior Prom.
