# Krehbiel Addresses Watsonville Club
## 
### 
Professor E. B. Krehbiel of the His
tory department addressed the Wom
an's Club of Watsonville on the sub
ject of "International Conciliation"
Friday afternoon, March 20. It was
one of a series of talks which he has
made throughout the state under the
auspices of the State Federation of
Womens' Clubs.
Professor E. B. Krehbiel of the His
tory department addressed the Wom
an's Club of Watsonville on the sub
ject of "International Conciliation"
Friday afternoon, March 20. It was
one of a series of talks which he has
made throughout the state under the
auspices of the State Federation of
Womens' Clubs.
Professor E. B. Krehbiel of the His
tory department addressed the Wom
an's Club of Watsonville on the sub
ject of "International Conciliation"
Friday afternoon, March 20. It was
one of a series of talks which he has
made throughout the state under the
auspices of the State Federation of
Womens' Clubs.
Professor E. B. Krehbiel of the His
tory department addressed the Wom
an's Club of Watsonville on the sub
ject of "International Conciliation"
Friday afternoon, March 20. It was
one of a series of talks which he has
made throughout the state under the
auspices of the State Federation of
Womens' Clubs.
Professor E. B. Krehbiel of the His
tory department addressed the Wom
an's Club of Watsonville on the sub
ject of "International Conciliation"
Friday afternoon, March 20. It was
one of a series of talks which he has
made throughout the state under the
auspices of the State Federation of
Womens' Clubs.
Professor E. B. Krehbiel of the His
tory department addressed the Wom
an's Club of Watsonville on the sub
ject of "International Conciliation"
Friday afternoon, March 20. It was
one of a series of talks which he has
made throughout the state under the
auspices of the State Federation of
Womens' Clubs.
Professor E. B. Krehbiel of the His
tory department addressed the Wom
an's Club of Watsonville on the sub
ject of "International Conciliation"
Friday afternoon, March 20. It was
one of a series of talks which he has
made throughout the state under the
auspices of the State Federation of
Womens' Clubs.
Professor E. B. Krehbiel of the His
tory department addressed the Wom
an's Club of Watsonville on the sub
ject of "International Conciliation"
Friday afternoon, March 20. It was
one of a series of talks which he has
made throughout the state under the
auspices of the State Federation of
Womens' Clubs.
Professor E. B. Krehbiel of the His
tory department addressed the Wom
an's Club of Watsonville on the sub
ject of "International Conciliation"
Friday afternoon, March 20. It was
one of a series of talks which he has
made throughout the state under the
auspices of the State Federation of
Womens' Clubs.
Professor E. B. Krehbiel of the His
tory department addressed the Wom
an's Club of Watsonville on the sub
ject of "International Conciliation"
Friday afternoon, March 20. It was
one of a series of talks which he has
made throughout the state under the
auspices of the State Federation of
Womens' Clubs.
Professor E. B. Krehbiel of the His
tory department addressed the Wom
an's Club of Watsonville on the sub
ject of "International Conciliation"
Friday afternoon, March 20. It was
one of a series of talks which he has
made throughout the state under the
auspices of the State Federation of
Womens' Clubs.
Professor E. B. Krehbiel of the His
tory department addressed the Wom
an's Club of Watsonville on the sub
ject of "International Conciliation"
Friday afternoon, March 20. It was
one of a series of talks which he has
made throughout the state under the
auspices of the State Federation of
Womens' Clubs.
Professor E. B. Krehbiel of the His
tory department addressed the Wom
an's Club of Watsonville on the sub
ject of "International Conciliation"
Friday afternoon, March 20. It was
one of a series of talks which he has
made throughout the state under the
auspices of the State Federation of
Womens' Clubs.
