# Adv. 41 Page 13
## 
### 
TUTORING
FRENCH TUTOR for sophomore in
high school. $25/ hr. 321-1327.
WANTED
GIVE LIFE: Help infertile couple
have child thru surrogacy. Any
nationality acceptable. Expenses
paid plus $25,000. 800 450-5343
WANTED-DONORS
EGG DONOR: Silicon Valley
couple seeking an undergrad or
graduate student to help us build
our family. You are: 21-29,
compassionate, attractive and a
terrific sense of humor! Generous
compensation.
Please call: (800) 282-8445
TUTORING
FRENCH TUTOR for sophomore in
high school. $25/ hr. 321-1327.
WANTED
GIVE LIFE: Help infertile couple
have child thru surrogacy. Any
nationality acceptable. Expenses
paid plus $25,000. 800 450-5343
WANTED-DONORS
EGG DONOR: Silicon Valley
couple seeking an undergrad or
graduate student to help us build
our family. You are: 21-29,
compassionate, attractive and a
terrific sense of humor! Generous
compensation.
Please call: (800) 282-8445
TUTORING
FRENCH TUTOR for sophomore in
high school. $25/ hr. 321-1327.
WANTED
GIVE LIFE: Help infertile couple
have child thru surrogacy. Any
nationality acceptable. Expenses
paid plus $25,000. 800 450-5343
WANTED-DONORS
EGG DONOR: Silicon Valley
couple seeking an undergrad or
graduate student to help us build
our family. You are: 21-29,
compassionate, attractive and a
terrific sense of humor! Generous
compensation.
Please call: (800) 282-8445
TUTORING
FRENCH TUTOR for sophomore in
high school. $25/ hr. 321-1327.
WANTED
GIVE LIFE: Help infertile couple
have child thru surrogacy. Any
nationality acceptable. Expenses
paid plus $25,000. 800 450-5343
WANTED-DONORS
EGG DONOR: Silicon Valley
couple seeking an undergrad or
graduate student to help us build
our family. You are: 21-29,
compassionate, attractive and a
terrific sense of humor! Generous
compensation.
Please call: (800) 282-8445
TUTORING
FRENCH TUTOR for sophomore in
high school. $25/ hr. 321-1327.
WANTED
GIVE LIFE: Help infertile couple
have child thru surrogacy. Any
nationality acceptable. Expenses
paid plus $25,000. 800 450-5343
WANTED-DONORS
EGG DONOR: Silicon Valley
couple seeking an undergrad or
graduate student to help us build
our family. You are: 21-29,
compassionate, attractive and a
terrific sense of humor! Generous
compensation.
Please call: (800) 282-8445
TUTORING
FRENCH TUTOR for sophomore in
high school. $25/ hr. 321-1327.
WANTED
GIVE LIFE: Help infertile couple
have child thru surrogacy. Any
nationality acceptable. Expenses
paid plus $25,000. 800 450-5343
WANTED-DONORS
EGG DONOR: Silicon Valley
couple seeking an undergrad or
graduate student to help us build
our family. You are: 21-29,
compassionate, attractive and a
terrific sense of humor! Generous
compensation.
Please call: (800) 282-8445
