# Untitled Article
## 
### 
One hundred and thirty-five students
are earning their way while attending
the University of Wisconsin this year.
Stenographic work, clerkships in the
University and Capitol, caring for chil
dren. serving at parties, doing ironing
in private families, mending, making
candy, and working in cafeterias are
among the occupations undertaken by
these women.
One hundred and thirty-five students
are earning their way while attending
the University of Wisconsin this year.
Stenographic work, clerkships in the
University and Capitol, caring for chil
dren. serving at parties, doing ironing
in private families, mending, making
candy, and working in cafeterias are
among the occupations undertaken by
these women.
One hundred and thirty-five students
are earning their way while attending
the University of Wisconsin this year.
Stenographic work, clerkships in the
University and Capitol, caring for chil
dren. serving at parties, doing ironing
in private families, mending, making
candy, and working in cafeterias are
among the occupations undertaken by
these women.
One hundred and thirty-five students
are earning their way while attending
the University of Wisconsin this year.
Stenographic work, clerkships in the
University and Capitol, caring for chil
dren. serving at parties, doing ironing
in private families, mending, making
candy, and working in cafeterias are
among the occupations undertaken by
these women.
One hundred and thirty-five students
are earning their way while attending
the University of Wisconsin this year.
Stenographic work, clerkships in the
University and Capitol, caring for chil
dren. serving at parties, doing ironing
in private families, mending, making
candy, and working in cafeterias are
among the occupations undertaken by
these women.
One hundred and thirty-five students
are earning their way while attending
the University of Wisconsin this year.
Stenographic work, clerkships in the
University and Capitol, caring for chil
dren. serving at parties, doing ironing
in private families, mending, making
candy, and working in cafeterias are
among the occupations undertaken by
these women.
One hundred and thirty-five students
are earning their way while attending
the University of Wisconsin this year.
Stenographic work, clerkships in the
University and Capitol, caring for chil
dren. serving at parties, doing ironing
in private families, mending, making
candy, and working in cafeterias are
among the occupations undertaken by
these women.
One hundred and thirty-five students
are earning their way while attending
the University of Wisconsin this year.
Stenographic work, clerkships in the
University and Capitol, caring for chil
dren. serving at parties, doing ironing
in private families, mending, making
candy, and working in cafeterias are
among the occupations undertaken by
these women.
One hundred and thirty-five students
are earning their way while attending
the University of Wisconsin this year.
Stenographic work, clerkships in the
University and Capitol, caring for chil
dren. serving at parties, doing ironing
in private families, mending, making
candy, and working in cafeterias are
among the occupations undertaken by
these women.
One hundred and thirty-five students
are earning their way while attending
the University of Wisconsin this year.
Stenographic work, clerkships in the
University and Capitol, caring for chil
dren. serving at parties, doing ironing
in private families, mending, making
candy, and working in cafeterias are
among the occupations undertaken by
these women.
One hundred and thirty-five students
are earning their way while attending
the University of Wisconsin this year.
Stenographic work, clerkships in the
University and Capitol, caring for chil
dren. serving at parties, doing ironing
in private families, mending, making
candy, and working in cafeterias are
among the occupations undertaken by
these women.
One hundred and thirty-five students
are earning their way while attending
the University of Wisconsin this year.
Stenographic work, clerkships in the
University and Capitol, caring for chil
dren. serving at parties, doing ironing
in private families, mending, making
candy, and working in cafeterias are
among the occupations undertaken by
these women.
