# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Prof. Michail Ivanovich Rostorvsev,
formerly of the Imperial University of
St. Petersburg ,o fthe faculty of Ox
ford University, England, lias been se
cured as professor of ancient history
at the University of Wisconsin for the
year 1920-21.
Prof. Michail Ivanovich Rostorvsev,
formerly of the Imperial University of
St. Petersburg ,o fthe faculty of Ox
ford University, England, lias been se
cured as professor of ancient history
at the University of Wisconsin for the
year 1920-21.
Prof. Michail Ivanovich Rostorvsev,
formerly of the Imperial University of
St. Petersburg ,o fthe faculty of Ox
ford University, England, lias been se
cured as professor of ancient history
at the University of Wisconsin for the
year 1920-21.
Prof. Michail Ivanovich Rostorvsev,
formerly of the Imperial University of
St. Petersburg ,o fthe faculty of Ox
ford University, England, lias been se
cured as professor of ancient history
at the University of Wisconsin for the
year 1920-21.
Prof. Michail Ivanovich Rostorvsev,
formerly of the Imperial University of
St. Petersburg ,o fthe faculty of Ox
ford University, England, lias been se
cured as professor of ancient history
at the University of Wisconsin for the
year 1920-21.
Prof. Michail Ivanovich Rostorvsev,
formerly of the Imperial University of
St. Petersburg ,o fthe faculty of Ox
ford University, England, lias been se
cured as professor of ancient history
at the University of Wisconsin for the
year 1920-21.
Prof. Michail Ivanovich Rostorvsev,
formerly of the Imperial University of
St. Petersburg ,o fthe faculty of Ox
ford University, England, lias been se
cured as professor of ancient history
at the University of Wisconsin for the
year 1920-21.
Prof. Michail Ivanovich Rostorvsev,
formerly of the Imperial University of
St. Petersburg ,o fthe faculty of Ox
ford University, England, lias been se
cured as professor of ancient history
at the University of Wisconsin for the
year 1920-21.
Prof. Michail Ivanovich Rostorvsev,
formerly of the Imperial University of
St. Petersburg ,o fthe faculty of Ox
ford University, England, lias been se
cured as professor of ancient history
at the University of Wisconsin for the
year 1920-21.
Prof. Michail Ivanovich Rostorvsev,
formerly of the Imperial University of
St. Petersburg ,o fthe faculty of Ox
ford University, England, lias been se
cured as professor of ancient history
at the University of Wisconsin for the
year 1920-21.
Prof. Michail Ivanovich Rostorvsev,
formerly of the Imperial University of
St. Petersburg ,o fthe faculty of Ox
ford University, England, lias been se
cured as professor of ancient history
at the University of Wisconsin for the
year 1920-21.
Prof. Michail Ivanovich Rostorvsev,
formerly of the Imperial University of
St. Petersburg ,o fthe faculty of Ox
ford University, England, lias been se
cured as professor of ancient history
at the University of Wisconsin for the
year 1920-21.
