# WRESTLING REPORTS
## 
### United Press 
NEW YORK—Martin Westenberg,
Tacoma, Wash., threw Luigi Baci
galupi, Italy; Wladek Zbyszko, Po
land, pinned Harry Jacobs, Cali
fornia; Wladyslaw Talun, Poland,
threw Big Chief Sanooke, Oklahoma.
NEW YORK—Martin Westenberg,
Tacoma, Wash., threw Luigi Baci
galupi, Italy; Wladek Zbyszko, Po
land, pinned Harry Jacobs, Cali
fornia; Wladyslaw Talun, Poland,
threw Big Chief Sanooke, Oklahoma.
NEW YORK—Martin Westenberg,
Tacoma, Wash., threw Luigi Baci
galupi, Italy; Wladek Zbyszko, Po
land, pinned Harry Jacobs, Cali
fornia; Wladyslaw Talun, Poland,
threw Big Chief Sanooke, Oklahoma.
NEW YORK—Martin Westenberg,
Tacoma, Wash., threw Luigi Baci
galupi, Italy; Wladek Zbyszko, Po
land, pinned Harry Jacobs, Cali
fornia; Wladyslaw Talun, Poland,
threw Big Chief Sanooke, Oklahoma.
NEW YORK—Martin Westenberg,
Tacoma, Wash., threw Luigi Baci
galupi, Italy; Wladek Zbyszko, Po
land, pinned Harry Jacobs, Cali
fornia; Wladyslaw Talun, Poland,
threw Big Chief Sanooke, Oklahoma.
NEW YORK—Martin Westenberg,
Tacoma, Wash., threw Luigi Baci
galupi, Italy; Wladek Zbyszko, Po
land, pinned Harry Jacobs, Cali
fornia; Wladyslaw Talun, Poland,
threw Big Chief Sanooke, Oklahoma.
NEW YORK—Martin Westenberg,
Tacoma, Wash., threw Luigi Baci
galupi, Italy; Wladek Zbyszko, Po
land, pinned Harry Jacobs, Cali
fornia; Wladyslaw Talun, Poland,
threw Big Chief Sanooke, Oklahoma.
NEW YORK—Martin Westenberg,
Tacoma, Wash., threw Luigi Baci
galupi, Italy; Wladek Zbyszko, Po
land, pinned Harry Jacobs, Cali
fornia; Wladyslaw Talun, Poland,
threw Big Chief Sanooke, Oklahoma.
NEW YORK—Martin Westenberg,
Tacoma, Wash., threw Luigi Baci
galupi, Italy; Wladek Zbyszko, Po
land, pinned Harry Jacobs, Cali
fornia; Wladyslaw Talun, Poland,
threw Big Chief Sanooke, Oklahoma.
NEW YORK—Martin Westenberg,
Tacoma, Wash., threw Luigi Baci
galupi, Italy; Wladek Zbyszko, Po
land, pinned Harry Jacobs, Cali
fornia; Wladyslaw Talun, Poland,
threw Big Chief Sanooke, Oklahoma.
NEW YORK—Martin Westenberg,
Tacoma, Wash., threw Luigi Baci
galupi, Italy; Wladek Zbyszko, Po
land, pinned Harry Jacobs, Cali
fornia; Wladyslaw Talun, Poland,
threw Big Chief Sanooke, Oklahoma.
NEW YORK—Martin Westenberg,
Tacoma, Wash., threw Luigi Baci
galupi, Italy; Wladek Zbyszko, Po
land, pinned Harry Jacobs, Cali
fornia; Wladyslaw Talun, Poland,
threw Big Chief Sanooke, Oklahoma.
NEW YORK—Martin Westenberg,
Tacoma, Wash., threw Luigi Baci
galupi, Italy; Wladek Zbyszko, Po
land, pinned Harry Jacobs, Cali
fornia; Wladyslaw Talun, Poland,
threw Big Chief Sanooke, Oklahoma.
NEW YORK—Martin Westenberg,
Tacoma, Wash., threw Luigi Baci
galupi, Italy; Wladek Zbyszko, Po
land, pinned Harry Jacobs, Cali
fornia; Wladyslaw Talun, Poland,
threw Big Chief Sanooke, Oklahoma.
NEW YORK—Martin Westenberg,
Tacoma, Wash., threw Luigi Baci
galupi, Italy; Wladek Zbyszko, Po
land, pinned Harry Jacobs, Cali
fornia; Wladyslaw Talun, Poland,
threw Big Chief Sanooke, Oklahoma.
