# STANFORD BOOKS
## 
### 
There were 3000 books in the
Library when the University
opened. This figure doubled be
fore the school year was over in
1892.
There were 3000 books in the
Library when the University
opened. This figure doubled be
fore the school year was over in
1892.
There were 3000 books in the
Library when the University
opened. This figure doubled be
fore the school year was over in
1892.
There were 3000 books in the
Library when the University
opened. This figure doubled be
fore the school year was over in
1892.
There were 3000 books in the
Library when the University
opened. This figure doubled be
fore the school year was over in
1892.
There were 3000 books in the
Library when the University
opened. This figure doubled be
fore the school year was over in
1892.
There were 3000 books in the
Library when the University
opened. This figure doubled be
fore the school year was over in
1892.
There were 3000 books in the
Library when the University
opened. This figure doubled be
fore the school year was over in
1892.
There were 3000 books in the
Library when the University
opened. This figure doubled be
fore the school year was over in
1892.
There were 3000 books in the
Library when the University
opened. This figure doubled be
fore the school year was over in
1892.
There were 3000 books in the
Library when the University
opened. This figure doubled be
fore the school year was over in
1892.
There were 3000 books in the
Library when the University
opened. This figure doubled be
fore the school year was over in
1892.
There were 3000 books in the
Library when the University
opened. This figure doubled be
fore the school year was over in
1892.
There were 3000 books in the
Library when the University
opened. This figure doubled be
fore the school year was over in
1892.
There were 3000 books in the
Library when the University
opened. This figure doubled be
fore the school year was over in
1892.
