# Congress Offered Eden Peace Plan To Offset Russia
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Feb. 2 (U.R)â€”
British Prime Minister Anthony
Eden today offered Congress a
three-point program to offset Rus
sia's threatening "mixture of
blandishment and threat" and
maintain peace in the world.
He also told the cheering law
makers that Britain no longer
needs U. S. economic aid, and,
"apart from a measure of defense
aid. we now stand on our own
feet. We intend to continue to do
so."
Eden told the Senate the "mu
tual deterrent" of atomic weap
ons has reduced the direct threat
of war. But he said "the indirect
threat remains, and its conse
quences can be equally mortal."
"From the Kremlin," he said,
"streams forth into the lands of
what we call the Middle East, and
into all Asia, a mixture of bland
ishment and threat, offers of
arms and menaces to individuals,
all couched in terms of fierce
hostility for Western ideals."
