# Economics Corrector Called By Dan Cupid; Nobody Gets a Grade
## 
### 
The wiles of Dan Cupid are respons
ible for deep anxiety on the part of
about sixty students in the Univer
sity. For while Ivan G. McDaniel,
corrector in the Economics depart
ment is enjoying his honeymoon, the
fate of these students hangs in the
balance?. Fate on this occasion 1«
represented by the faculty axe.

At the close of lost quarter the cor
rector left the campus with the final
examinations in Professor Jones'
course in Railroad Transportation
tucked safely under his arm. And
then Cupid interfered and led him
alterward. As might be expected the
examinations were forgotten and the
only transportation with which the
corrector was concerned was the one
that took him and his bride off on
their honeymoon.

Until he returns, the grades of stu
dents in Professor Jones' course are
being held up, and those who are
on the fence as to scholarship must
wait to see whether they will be
pushed off that fence into the cruel,
cold world.
The wiles of Dan Cupid are respons
ible for deep anxiety on the part of
about sixty students in the Univer
sity. For while Ivan G. McDaniel,
corrector in the Economics depart
ment is enjoying his honeymoon, the
fate of these students hangs in the
balance?. Fate on this occasion 1«
represented by the faculty axe.

At the close of lost quarter the cor
rector left the campus with the final
examinations in Professor Jones'
course in Railroad Transportation
tucked safely under his arm. And
then Cupid interfered and led him
alterward. As might be expected the
examinations were forgotten and the
only transportation with which the
corrector was concerned was the one
that took him and his bride off on
their honeymoon.

Until he returns, the grades of stu
dents in Professor Jones' course are
being held up, and those who are
on the fence as to scholarship must
wait to see whether they will be
pushed off that fence into the cruel,
cold world.
The wiles of Dan Cupid are respons
ible for deep anxiety on the part of
about sixty students in the Univer
sity. For while Ivan G. McDaniel,
corrector in the Economics depart
ment is enjoying his honeymoon, the
fate of these students hangs in the
balance?. Fate on this occasion 1«
represented by the faculty axe.

At the close of lost quarter the cor
rector left the campus with the final
examinations in Professor Jones'
course in Railroad Transportation
tucked safely under his arm. And
then Cupid interfered and led him
alterward. As might be expected the
examinations were forgotten and the
only transportation with which the
corrector was concerned was the one
that took him and his bride off on
their honeymoon.

Until he returns, the grades of stu
dents in Professor Jones' course are
being held up, and those who are
on the fence as to scholarship must
wait to see whether they will be
pushed off that fence into the cruel,
cold world.
The wiles of Dan Cupid are respons
ible for deep anxiety on the part of
about sixty students in the Univer
sity. For while Ivan G. McDaniel,
corrector in the Economics depart
ment is enjoying his honeymoon, the
fate of these students hangs in the
balance?. Fate on this occasion 1«
represented by the faculty axe.

At the close of lost quarter the cor
rector left the campus with the final
examinations in Professor Jones'
course in Railroad Transportation
tucked safely under his arm. And
then Cupid interfered and led him
alterward. As might be expected the
examinations were forgotten and the
only transportation with which the
corrector was concerned was the one
that took him and his bride off on
their honeymoon.

Until he returns, the grades of stu
dents in Professor Jones' course are
being held up, and those who are
on the fence as to scholarship must
wait to see whether they will be
pushed off that fence into the cruel,
cold world.
The wiles of Dan Cupid are respons
ible for deep anxiety on the part of
about sixty students in the Univer
sity. For while Ivan G. McDaniel,
corrector in the Economics depart
ment is enjoying his honeymoon, the
fate of these students hangs in the
balance?. Fate on this occasion 1«
represented by the faculty axe.

At the close of lost quarter the cor
rector left the campus with the final
examinations in Professor Jones'
course in Railroad Transportation
tucked safely under his arm. And
then Cupid interfered and led him
alterward. As might be expected the
examinations were forgotten and the
only transportation with which the
corrector was concerned was the one
that took him and his bride off on
their honeymoon.

Until he returns, the grades of stu
dents in Professor Jones' course are
being held up, and those who are
on the fence as to scholarship must
wait to see whether they will be
pushed off that fence into the cruel,
cold world.
The wiles of Dan Cupid are respons
ible for deep anxiety on the part of
about sixty students in the Univer
sity. For while Ivan G. McDaniel,
corrector in the Economics depart
ment is enjoying his honeymoon, the
fate of these students hangs in the
balance?. Fate on this occasion 1«
represented by the faculty axe.

At the close of lost quarter the cor
rector left the campus with the final
examinations in Professor Jones'
course in Railroad Transportation
tucked safely under his arm. And
then Cupid interfered and led him
alterward. As might be expected the
examinations were forgotten and the
only transportation with which the
corrector was concerned was the one
that took him and his bride off on
their honeymoon.

Until he returns, the grades of stu
dents in Professor Jones' course are
being held up, and those who are
on the fence as to scholarship must
wait to see whether they will be
pushed off that fence into the cruel,
cold world.
The wiles of Dan Cupid are respons
ible for deep anxiety on the part of
about sixty students in the Univer
sity. For while Ivan G. McDaniel,
corrector in the Economics depart
ment is enjoying his honeymoon, the
fate of these students hangs in the
balance?. Fate on this occasion 1«
represented by the faculty axe.

At the close of lost quarter the cor
rector left the campus with the final
examinations in Professor Jones'
course in Railroad Transportation
tucked safely under his arm. And
then Cupid interfered and led him
alterward. As might be expected the
examinations were forgotten and the
only transportation with which the
corrector was concerned was the one
that took him and his bride off on
their honeymoon.

Until he returns, the grades of stu
dents in Professor Jones' course are
being held up, and those who are
on the fence as to scholarship must
wait to see whether they will be
pushed off that fence into the cruel,
cold world.
The wiles of Dan Cupid are respons
ible for deep anxiety on the part of
about sixty students in the Univer
sity. For while Ivan G. McDaniel,
corrector in the Economics depart
ment is enjoying his honeymoon, the
fate of these students hangs in the
balance?. Fate on this occasion 1«
represented by the faculty axe.

At the close of lost quarter the cor
rector left the campus with the final
examinations in Professor Jones'
course in Railroad Transportation
tucked safely under his arm. And
then Cupid interfered and led him
alterward. As might be expected the
examinations were forgotten and the
only transportation with which the
corrector was concerned was the one
that took him and his bride off on
their honeymoon.

Until he returns, the grades of stu
dents in Professor Jones' course are
being held up, and those who are
on the fence as to scholarship must
wait to see whether they will be
pushed off that fence into the cruel,
cold world.
The wiles of Dan Cupid are respons
ible for deep anxiety on the part of
about sixty students in the Univer
sity. For while Ivan G. McDaniel,
corrector in the Economics depart
ment is enjoying his honeymoon, the
fate of these students hangs in the
balance?. Fate on this occasion 1«
represented by the faculty axe.

At the close of lost quarter the cor
rector left the campus with the final
examinations in Professor Jones'
course in Railroad Transportation
tucked safely under his arm. And
then Cupid interfered and led him
alterward. As might be expected the
examinations were forgotten and the
only transportation with which the
corrector was concerned was the one
that took him and his bride off on
their honeymoon.

Until he returns, the grades of stu
dents in Professor Jones' course are
being held up, and those who are
on the fence as to scholarship must
wait to see whether they will be
pushed off that fence into the cruel,
cold world.
The wiles of Dan Cupid are respons
ible for deep anxiety on the part of
about sixty students in the Univer
sity. For while Ivan G. McDaniel,
corrector in the Economics depart
ment is enjoying his honeymoon, the
fate of these students hangs in the
balance?. Fate on this occasion 1«
represented by the faculty axe.

At the close of lost quarter the cor
rector left the campus with the final
examinations in Professor Jones'
course in Railroad Transportation
tucked safely under his arm. And
then Cupid interfered and led him
alterward. As might be expected the
examinations were forgotten and the
only transportation with which the
corrector was concerned was the one
that took him and his bride off on
their honeymoon.

Until he returns, the grades of stu
dents in Professor Jones' course are
being held up, and those who are
on the fence as to scholarship must
wait to see whether they will be
pushed off that fence into the cruel,
cold world.
The wiles of Dan Cupid are respons
ible for deep anxiety on the part of
about sixty students in the Univer
sity. For while Ivan G. McDaniel,
corrector in the Economics depart
ment is enjoying his honeymoon, the
fate of these students hangs in the
balance?. Fate on this occasion 1«
represented by the faculty axe.

At the close of lost quarter the cor
rector left the campus with the final
examinations in Professor Jones'
course in Railroad Transportation
tucked safely under his arm. And
then Cupid interfered and led him
alterward. As might be expected the
examinations were forgotten and the
only transportation with which the
corrector was concerned was the one
that took him and his bride off on
their honeymoon.

Until he returns, the grades of stu
dents in Professor Jones' course are
being held up, and those who are
on the fence as to scholarship must
wait to see whether they will be
pushed off that fence into the cruel,
cold world.
The wiles of Dan Cupid are respons
ible for deep anxiety on the part of
about sixty students in the Univer
sity. For while Ivan G. McDaniel,
corrector in the Economics depart
ment is enjoying his honeymoon, the
fate of these students hangs in the
balance?. Fate on this occasion 1«
represented by the faculty axe.

At the close of lost quarter the cor
rector left the campus with the final
examinations in Professor Jones'
course in Railroad Transportation
tucked safely under his arm. And
then Cupid interfered and led him
alterward. As might be expected the
examinations were forgotten and the
only transportation with which the
corrector was concerned was the one
that took him and his bride off on
their honeymoon.

Until he returns, the grades of stu
dents in Professor Jones' course are
being held up, and those who are
on the fence as to scholarship must
wait to see whether they will be
pushed off that fence into the cruel,
cold world.
The wiles of Dan Cupid are respons
ible for deep anxiety on the part of
about sixty students in the Univer
sity. For while Ivan G. McDaniel,
corrector in the Economics depart
ment is enjoying his honeymoon, the
fate of these students hangs in the
balance?. Fate on this occasion 1«
represented by the faculty axe.

At the close of lost quarter the cor
rector left the campus with the final
examinations in Professor Jones'
course in Railroad Transportation
tucked safely under his arm. And
then Cupid interfered and led him
alterward. As might be expected the
examinations were forgotten and the
only transportation with which the
corrector was concerned was the one
that took him and his bride off on
their honeymoon.

Until he returns, the grades of stu
dents in Professor Jones' course are
being held up, and those who are
on the fence as to scholarship must
wait to see whether they will be
pushed off that fence into the cruel,
cold world.
