# Ingraham Awarded $1,000 Scholarship
## 
### 
J. Rowland Ingraham, Jr., in
structor and graduate student in edu
cation. will receive a $1,000 S. D.
Shank land Memorial Scholarship at
a dinner meeting of officials of the
American Association of School Ad
ministrators and the National Edu
cation Association in Atlantic City
tomorrow.
The scholarship is one of two given
in the United States, and is spon
sored by the Associated Exhibitors
of the National Education Associa
tion.
Also attending the dinner will be
Stanford Professors William R. Odell
and James D. MacConnell of the
School"©! Education and Eugene W.
Dils, director of the Placement
Service.
J. Rowland Ingraham, Jr., in
structor and graduate student in edu
cation. will receive a $1,000 S. D.
Shank land Memorial Scholarship at
a dinner meeting of officials of the
American Association of School Ad
ministrators and the National Edu
cation Association in Atlantic City
tomorrow.
The scholarship is one of two given
in the United States, and is spon
sored by the Associated Exhibitors
of the National Education Associa
tion.
Also attending the dinner will be
Stanford Professors William R. Odell
and James D. MacConnell of the
School"©! Education and Eugene W.
Dils, director of the Placement
Service.
J. Rowland Ingraham, Jr., in
structor and graduate student in edu
cation. will receive a $1,000 S. D.
Shank land Memorial Scholarship at
a dinner meeting of officials of the
American Association of School Ad
ministrators and the National Edu
cation Association in Atlantic City
tomorrow.
The scholarship is one of two given
in the United States, and is spon
sored by the Associated Exhibitors
of the National Education Associa
tion.
Also attending the dinner will be
Stanford Professors William R. Odell
and James D. MacConnell of the
School"©! Education and Eugene W.
Dils, director of the Placement
Service.
J. Rowland Ingraham, Jr., in
structor and graduate student in edu
cation. will receive a $1,000 S. D.
Shank land Memorial Scholarship at
a dinner meeting of officials of the
American Association of School Ad
ministrators and the National Edu
cation Association in Atlantic City
tomorrow.
The scholarship is one of two given
in the United States, and is spon
sored by the Associated Exhibitors
of the National Education Associa
tion.
Also attending the dinner will be
Stanford Professors William R. Odell
and James D. MacConnell of the
School"©! Education and Eugene W.
Dils, director of the Placement
Service.
J. Rowland Ingraham, Jr., in
structor and graduate student in edu
cation. will receive a $1,000 S. D.
Shank land Memorial Scholarship at
a dinner meeting of officials of the
American Association of School Ad
ministrators and the National Edu
cation Association in Atlantic City
tomorrow.
The scholarship is one of two given
in the United States, and is spon
sored by the Associated Exhibitors
of the National Education Associa
tion.
Also attending the dinner will be
Stanford Professors William R. Odell
and James D. MacConnell of the
School"©! Education and Eugene W.
Dils, director of the Placement
Service.
J. Rowland Ingraham, Jr., in
structor and graduate student in edu
cation. will receive a $1,000 S. D.
Shank land Memorial Scholarship at
a dinner meeting of officials of the
American Association of School Ad
ministrators and the National Edu
cation Association in Atlantic City
tomorrow.
The scholarship is one of two given
in the United States, and is spon
sored by the Associated Exhibitors
of the National Education Associa
tion.
Also attending the dinner will be
Stanford Professors William R. Odell
and James D. MacConnell of the
School"©! Education and Eugene W.
Dils, director of the Placement
Service.
J. Rowland Ingraham, Jr., in
structor and graduate student in edu
cation. will receive a $1,000 S. D.
Shank land Memorial Scholarship at
a dinner meeting of officials of the
American Association of School Ad
ministrators and the National Edu
cation Association in Atlantic City
tomorrow.
The scholarship is one of two given
in the United States, and is spon
sored by the Associated Exhibitors
of the National Education Associa
tion.
Also attending the dinner will be
Stanford Professors William R. Odell
and James D. MacConnell of the
School"©! Education and Eugene W.
Dils, director of the Placement
Service.
J. Rowland Ingraham, Jr., in
structor and graduate student in edu
cation. will receive a $1,000 S. D.
Shank land Memorial Scholarship at
a dinner meeting of officials of the
American Association of School Ad
ministrators and the National Edu
cation Association in Atlantic City
tomorrow.
The scholarship is one of two given
in the United States, and is spon
sored by the Associated Exhibitors
of the National Education Associa
tion.
Also attending the dinner will be
Stanford Professors William R. Odell
and James D. MacConnell of the
School"©! Education and Eugene W.
Dils, director of the Placement
Service.
J. Rowland Ingraham, Jr., in
structor and graduate student in edu
cation. will receive a $1,000 S. D.
Shank land Memorial Scholarship at
a dinner meeting of officials of the
American Association of School Ad
ministrators and the National Edu
cation Association in Atlantic City
tomorrow.
The scholarship is one of two given
in the United States, and is spon
sored by the Associated Exhibitors
of the National Education Associa
tion.
Also attending the dinner will be
Stanford Professors William R. Odell
and James D. MacConnell of the
School"©! Education and Eugene W.
Dils, director of the Placement
Service.
J. Rowland Ingraham, Jr., in
structor and graduate student in edu
cation. will receive a $1,000 S. D.
Shank land Memorial Scholarship at
a dinner meeting of officials of the
American Association of School Ad
ministrators and the National Edu
cation Association in Atlantic City
tomorrow.
The scholarship is one of two given
in the United States, and is spon
sored by the Associated Exhibitors
of the National Education Associa
tion.
Also attending the dinner will be
Stanford Professors William R. Odell
and James D. MacConnell of the
School"©! Education and Eugene W.
Dils, director of the Placement
Service.
J. Rowland Ingraham, Jr., in
structor and graduate student in edu
cation. will receive a $1,000 S. D.
Shank land Memorial Scholarship at
a dinner meeting of officials of the
American Association of School Ad
ministrators and the National Edu
cation Association in Atlantic City
tomorrow.
The scholarship is one of two given
in the United States, and is spon
sored by the Associated Exhibitors
of the National Education Associa
tion.
Also attending the dinner will be
Stanford Professors William R. Odell
and James D. MacConnell of the
School"©! Education and Eugene W.
Dils, director of the Placement
Service.
J. Rowland Ingraham, Jr., in
structor and graduate student in edu
cation. will receive a $1,000 S. D.
Shank land Memorial Scholarship at
a dinner meeting of officials of the
American Association of School Ad
ministrators and the National Edu
cation Association in Atlantic City
tomorrow.
The scholarship is one of two given
in the United States, and is spon
sored by the Associated Exhibitors
of the National Education Associa
tion.
Also attending the dinner will be
Stanford Professors William R. Odell
and James D. MacConnell of the
School"©! Education and Eugene W.
Dils, director of the Placement
Service.
J. Rowland Ingraham, Jr., in
structor and graduate student in edu
cation. will receive a $1,000 S. D.
Shank land Memorial Scholarship at
a dinner meeting of officials of the
American Association of School Ad
ministrators and the National Edu
cation Association in Atlantic City
tomorrow.
The scholarship is one of two given
in the United States, and is spon
sored by the Associated Exhibitors
of the National Education Associa
tion.
Also attending the dinner will be
Stanford Professors William R. Odell
and James D. MacConnell of the
School"©! Education and Eugene W.
Dils, director of the Placement
Service.
J. Rowland Ingraham, Jr., in
structor and graduate student in edu
cation. will receive a $1,000 S. D.
Shank land Memorial Scholarship at
a dinner meeting of officials of the
American Association of School Ad
ministrators and the National Edu
cation Association in Atlantic City
tomorrow.
The scholarship is one of two given
in the United States, and is spon
sored by the Associated Exhibitors
of the National Education Associa
tion.
Also attending the dinner will be
Stanford Professors William R. Odell
and James D. MacConnell of the
School"©! Education and Eugene W.
Dils, director of the Placement
Service.
J. Rowland Ingraham, Jr., in
structor and graduate student in edu
cation. will receive a $1,000 S. D.
Shank land Memorial Scholarship at
a dinner meeting of officials of the
American Association of School Ad
ministrators and the National Edu
cation Association in Atlantic City
tomorrow.
The scholarship is one of two given
in the United States, and is spon
sored by the Associated Exhibitors
of the National Education Associa
tion.
Also attending the dinner will be
Stanford Professors William R. Odell
and James D. MacConnell of the
School"©! Education and Eugene W.
Dils, director of the Placement
Service.
