# Jet Ace Will Speak To Air ROTC Society
## 
### 
The Air Force's youngest jet ace,
Lieut. James Low. of Sausalito, Cali
fornia, will be the guest speaker
tonight at a meeting of Stanford's
Air Force ROTC honor organization,
the Lamphier Squadron Arnold Air
Society. The affair will be held at
Dinah's Shack at 8 p.m., on El Ca
mino Real.
The 27-year-old lieutenant, a
neophyte among jet aces, was com
missioned in the Air Force in De
cember 1950. and became an acc six
months later, having shot down nine
Mig-15 planes
The Air Force's youngest jet ace,
Lieut. James Low. of Sausalito, Cali
fornia, will be the guest speaker
tonight at a meeting of Stanford's
Air Force ROTC honor organization,
the Lamphier Squadron Arnold Air
Society. The affair will be held at
Dinah's Shack at 8 p.m., on El Ca
mino Real.
The 27-year-old lieutenant, a
neophyte among jet aces, was com
missioned in the Air Force in De
cember 1950. and became an acc six
months later, having shot down nine
Mig-15 planes
The Air Force's youngest jet ace,
Lieut. James Low. of Sausalito, Cali
fornia, will be the guest speaker
tonight at a meeting of Stanford's
Air Force ROTC honor organization,
the Lamphier Squadron Arnold Air
Society. The affair will be held at
Dinah's Shack at 8 p.m., on El Ca
mino Real.
The 27-year-old lieutenant, a
neophyte among jet aces, was com
missioned in the Air Force in De
cember 1950. and became an acc six
months later, having shot down nine
Mig-15 planes
The Air Force's youngest jet ace,
Lieut. James Low. of Sausalito, Cali
fornia, will be the guest speaker
tonight at a meeting of Stanford's
Air Force ROTC honor organization,
the Lamphier Squadron Arnold Air
Society. The affair will be held at
Dinah's Shack at 8 p.m., on El Ca
mino Real.
The 27-year-old lieutenant, a
neophyte among jet aces, was com
missioned in the Air Force in De
cember 1950. and became an acc six
months later, having shot down nine
Mig-15 planes
The Air Force's youngest jet ace,
Lieut. James Low. of Sausalito, Cali
fornia, will be the guest speaker
tonight at a meeting of Stanford's
Air Force ROTC honor organization,
the Lamphier Squadron Arnold Air
Society. The affair will be held at
Dinah's Shack at 8 p.m., on El Ca
mino Real.
The 27-year-old lieutenant, a
neophyte among jet aces, was com
missioned in the Air Force in De
cember 1950. and became an acc six
months later, having shot down nine
Mig-15 planes
The Air Force's youngest jet ace,
Lieut. James Low. of Sausalito, Cali
fornia, will be the guest speaker
tonight at a meeting of Stanford's
Air Force ROTC honor organization,
the Lamphier Squadron Arnold Air
Society. The affair will be held at
Dinah's Shack at 8 p.m., on El Ca
mino Real.
The 27-year-old lieutenant, a
neophyte among jet aces, was com
missioned in the Air Force in De
cember 1950. and became an acc six
months later, having shot down nine
Mig-15 planes
The Air Force's youngest jet ace,
Lieut. James Low. of Sausalito, Cali
fornia, will be the guest speaker
tonight at a meeting of Stanford's
Air Force ROTC honor organization,
the Lamphier Squadron Arnold Air
Society. The affair will be held at
Dinah's Shack at 8 p.m., on El Ca
mino Real.
The 27-year-old lieutenant, a
neophyte among jet aces, was com
missioned in the Air Force in De
cember 1950. and became an acc six
months later, having shot down nine
Mig-15 planes
The Air Force's youngest jet ace,
Lieut. James Low. of Sausalito, Cali
fornia, will be the guest speaker
tonight at a meeting of Stanford's
Air Force ROTC honor organization,
the Lamphier Squadron Arnold Air
Society. The affair will be held at
Dinah's Shack at 8 p.m., on El Ca
mino Real.
The 27-year-old lieutenant, a
neophyte among jet aces, was com
missioned in the Air Force in De
cember 1950. and became an acc six
months later, having shot down nine
Mig-15 planes
The Air Force's youngest jet ace,
Lieut. James Low. of Sausalito, Cali
fornia, will be the guest speaker
tonight at a meeting of Stanford's
Air Force ROTC honor organization,
the Lamphier Squadron Arnold Air
Society. The affair will be held at
Dinah's Shack at 8 p.m., on El Ca
mino Real.
The 27-year-old lieutenant, a
neophyte among jet aces, was com
missioned in the Air Force in De
cember 1950. and became an acc six
months later, having shot down nine
Mig-15 planes
The Air Force's youngest jet ace,
Lieut. James Low. of Sausalito, Cali
fornia, will be the guest speaker
tonight at a meeting of Stanford's
Air Force ROTC honor organization,
the Lamphier Squadron Arnold Air
Society. The affair will be held at
Dinah's Shack at 8 p.m., on El Ca
mino Real.
The 27-year-old lieutenant, a
neophyte among jet aces, was com
missioned in the Air Force in De
cember 1950. and became an acc six
months later, having shot down nine
Mig-15 planes
The Air Force's youngest jet ace,
Lieut. James Low. of Sausalito, Cali
fornia, will be the guest speaker
tonight at a meeting of Stanford's
Air Force ROTC honor organization,
the Lamphier Squadron Arnold Air
Society. The affair will be held at
Dinah's Shack at 8 p.m., on El Ca
mino Real.
The 27-year-old lieutenant, a
neophyte among jet aces, was com
missioned in the Air Force in De
cember 1950. and became an acc six
months later, having shot down nine
Mig-15 planes
The Air Force's youngest jet ace,
Lieut. James Low. of Sausalito, Cali
fornia, will be the guest speaker
tonight at a meeting of Stanford's
Air Force ROTC honor organization,
the Lamphier Squadron Arnold Air
Society. The affair will be held at
Dinah's Shack at 8 p.m., on El Ca
mino Real.
The 27-year-old lieutenant, a
neophyte among jet aces, was com
missioned in the Air Force in De
cember 1950. and became an acc six
months later, having shot down nine
Mig-15 planes
The Air Force's youngest jet ace,
Lieut. James Low. of Sausalito, Cali
fornia, will be the guest speaker
tonight at a meeting of Stanford's
Air Force ROTC honor organization,
the Lamphier Squadron Arnold Air
Society. The affair will be held at
Dinah's Shack at 8 p.m., on El Ca
mino Real.
The 27-year-old lieutenant, a
neophyte among jet aces, was com
missioned in the Air Force in De
cember 1950. and became an acc six
months later, having shot down nine
Mig-15 planes
The Air Force's youngest jet ace,
Lieut. James Low. of Sausalito, Cali
fornia, will be the guest speaker
tonight at a meeting of Stanford's
Air Force ROTC honor organization,
the Lamphier Squadron Arnold Air
Society. The affair will be held at
Dinah's Shack at 8 p.m., on El Ca
mino Real.
The 27-year-old lieutenant, a
neophyte among jet aces, was com
missioned in the Air Force in De
cember 1950. and became an acc six
months later, having shot down nine
Mig-15 planes
The Air Force's youngest jet ace,
Lieut. James Low. of Sausalito, Cali
fornia, will be the guest speaker
tonight at a meeting of Stanford's
Air Force ROTC honor organization,
the Lamphier Squadron Arnold Air
Society. The affair will be held at
Dinah's Shack at 8 p.m., on El Ca
mino Real.
The 27-year-old lieutenant, a
neophyte among jet aces, was com
missioned in the Air Force in De
cember 1950. and became an acc six
months later, having shot down nine
Mig-15 planes
