# Deferment Test Deadline March 9
## 
### 
Selective Service National Head
quarters advised yesterday that
March 112) is the deadline for filing
applications for the April 23 Selec
tive Service College Qualification
Test.
Eligible students may secure appli
cations and bulletins of information
at any local board, and early filing
will be greatly to the student's ad
vantage according to the Headquar
ters.
Results will be reported to the
student's Selective Service local
board of jurisdiction for use in con
sidering his deferment as a student.
Selective Service National Head
quarters advised yesterday that
March 112) is the deadline for filing
applications for the April 23 Selec
tive Service College Qualification
Test.
Eligible students may secure appli
cations and bulletins of information
at any local board, and early filing
will be greatly to the student's ad
vantage according to the Headquar
ters.
Results will be reported to the
student's Selective Service local
board of jurisdiction for use in con
sidering his deferment as a student.
Selective Service National Head
quarters advised yesterday that
March 112) is the deadline for filing
applications for the April 23 Selec
tive Service College Qualification
Test.
Eligible students may secure appli
cations and bulletins of information
at any local board, and early filing
will be greatly to the student's ad
vantage according to the Headquar
ters.
Results will be reported to the
student's Selective Service local
board of jurisdiction for use in con
sidering his deferment as a student.
Selective Service National Head
quarters advised yesterday that
March 112) is the deadline for filing
applications for the April 23 Selec
tive Service College Qualification
Test.
Eligible students may secure appli
cations and bulletins of information
at any local board, and early filing
will be greatly to the student's ad
vantage according to the Headquar
ters.
Results will be reported to the
student's Selective Service local
board of jurisdiction for use in con
sidering his deferment as a student.
Selective Service National Head
quarters advised yesterday that
March 112) is the deadline for filing
applications for the April 23 Selec
tive Service College Qualification
Test.
Eligible students may secure appli
cations and bulletins of information
at any local board, and early filing
will be greatly to the student's ad
vantage according to the Headquar
ters.
Results will be reported to the
student's Selective Service local
board of jurisdiction for use in con
sidering his deferment as a student.
Selective Service National Head
quarters advised yesterday that
March 112) is the deadline for filing
applications for the April 23 Selec
tive Service College Qualification
Test.
Eligible students may secure appli
cations and bulletins of information
at any local board, and early filing
will be greatly to the student's ad
vantage according to the Headquar
ters.
Results will be reported to the
student's Selective Service local
board of jurisdiction for use in con
sidering his deferment as a student.
Selective Service National Head
quarters advised yesterday that
March 112) is the deadline for filing
applications for the April 23 Selec
tive Service College Qualification
Test.
Eligible students may secure appli
cations and bulletins of information
at any local board, and early filing
will be greatly to the student's ad
vantage according to the Headquar
ters.
Results will be reported to the
student's Selective Service local
board of jurisdiction for use in con
sidering his deferment as a student.
Selective Service National Head
quarters advised yesterday that
March 112) is the deadline for filing
applications for the April 23 Selec
tive Service College Qualification
Test.
Eligible students may secure appli
cations and bulletins of information
at any local board, and early filing
will be greatly to the student's ad
vantage according to the Headquar
ters.
Results will be reported to the
student's Selective Service local
board of jurisdiction for use in con
sidering his deferment as a student.
Selective Service National Head
quarters advised yesterday that
March 112) is the deadline for filing
applications for the April 23 Selec
tive Service College Qualification
Test.
Eligible students may secure appli
cations and bulletins of information
at any local board, and early filing
will be greatly to the student's ad
vantage according to the Headquar
ters.
Results will be reported to the
student's Selective Service local
board of jurisdiction for use in con
sidering his deferment as a student.
Selective Service National Head
quarters advised yesterday that
March 112) is the deadline for filing
applications for the April 23 Selec
tive Service College Qualification
Test.
Eligible students may secure appli
cations and bulletins of information
at any local board, and early filing
will be greatly to the student's ad
vantage according to the Headquar
ters.
Results will be reported to the
student's Selective Service local
board of jurisdiction for use in con
sidering his deferment as a student.
Selective Service National Head
quarters advised yesterday that
March 112) is the deadline for filing
applications for the April 23 Selec
tive Service College Qualification
Test.
Eligible students may secure appli
cations and bulletins of information
at any local board, and early filing
will be greatly to the student's ad
vantage according to the Headquar
ters.
Results will be reported to the
student's Selective Service local
board of jurisdiction for use in con
sidering his deferment as a student.
Selective Service National Head
quarters advised yesterday that
March 112) is the deadline for filing
applications for the April 23 Selec
tive Service College Qualification
Test.
Eligible students may secure appli
cations and bulletins of information
at any local board, and early filing
will be greatly to the student's ad
vantage according to the Headquar
ters.
Results will be reported to the
student's Selective Service local
board of jurisdiction for use in con
sidering his deferment as a student.
Selective Service National Head
quarters advised yesterday that
March 112) is the deadline for filing
applications for the April 23 Selec
tive Service College Qualification
Test.
Eligible students may secure appli
cations and bulletins of information
at any local board, and early filing
will be greatly to the student's ad
vantage according to the Headquar
ters.
Results will be reported to the
student's Selective Service local
board of jurisdiction for use in con
sidering his deferment as a student.
Selective Service National Head
quarters advised yesterday that
March 112) is the deadline for filing
applications for the April 23 Selec
tive Service College Qualification
Test.
Eligible students may secure appli
cations and bulletins of information
at any local board, and early filing
will be greatly to the student's ad
vantage according to the Headquar
ters.
Results will be reported to the
student's Selective Service local
board of jurisdiction for use in con
sidering his deferment as a student.
Selective Service National Head
quarters advised yesterday that
March 112) is the deadline for filing
applications for the April 23 Selec
tive Service College Qualification
Test.
Eligible students may secure appli
cations and bulletins of information
at any local board, and early filing
will be greatly to the student's ad
vantage according to the Headquar
ters.
Results will be reported to the
student's Selective Service local
board of jurisdiction for use in con
sidering his deferment as a student.
