# Adv. 24 Page 11
## 
### 
Babysitter for 2 year old girl
wanted in Palo Alto.
Help needed in mornings, w/ hrs
and days flexible. Evening and
weekend hrs also available.
Contact my2boys@onebox.com
Babysitter needed for occasional
evenings/weekend; for 4 yr old,
on campus, (650) 326-7224
Babysitter for 2 year old girl
wanted in Palo Alto.
Help needed in mornings, w/ hrs
and days flexible. Evening and
weekend hrs also available.
Contact my2boys@onebox.com
Portola Valley family looking
for person to babysit afternoons
and evenings 2-3 days per week.
Good pay. Require car and ref.
Option of live-in separate bed
room suite with private entrance
call 650-868-7362.
Babysitter wanted for 11 yr old
boy in Atherton. 1-3 afternoons
per week. Occasional morning
drop off. References 8c clean
driving record required. $18-20/
hi. Call Nlurat at 650-575-5255
or murat@tibco.com.
Atherton. Need help with 2.5 8c
5 year old on Tues and Fri from
1-6 pm. Call 650.364.1790.
After-school help w/ 10&12.5 yrs
old boys at Stanford. Frequency
negotiable; admati@stanford.edu
Sitter - occas. eve/wkend.must d
rive own car. 2 boys (15/10).
Atherton. kschultz@swllp.com
Seeking organized, patient,
energetic,kind Stanford student
as daytime Mother's Helper/
Babysitter for 2 kids, ages 2&4.
10 hrs/week. Flexible schedule.
$ 15/ hr. 650-494-3024
Babysitter for Anna,2 1/2,& Ben,
7 mo, near campus in Menlo Park.
— lOhr on weekdays or eve/w'ends.
Loving, playful and responsible?
Please email maria@weiksner.com.
Babysitter for 2 year old girl
wanted in Palo Alto.
Help needed in mornings, w/ hrs
and days flexible. Evening and
weekend hrs also available.
Contact my2boys@onebox.com
Babysitter needed for occasional
evenings/weekend; for 4 yr old,
on campus, (650) 326-7224
Babysitter for 2 year old girl
wanted in Palo Alto.
Help needed in mornings, w/ hrs
and days flexible. Evening and
weekend hrs also available.
Contact my2boys@onebox.com
Portola Valley family looking
for person to babysit afternoons
and evenings 2-3 days per week.
Good pay. Require car and ref.
Option of live-in separate bed
room suite with private entrance
call 650-868-7362.
Babysitter wanted for 11 yr old
boy in Atherton. 1-3 afternoons
per week. Occasional morning
drop off. References 8c clean
driving record required. $18-20/
hi. Call Nlurat at 650-575-5255
or murat@tibco.com.
Atherton. Need help with 2.5 8c
5 year old on Tues and Fri from
1-6 pm. Call 650.364.1790.
After-school help w/ 10&12.5 yrs
old boys at Stanford. Frequency
negotiable; admati@stanford.edu
Sitter - occas. eve/wkend.must d
rive own car. 2 boys (15/10).
Atherton. kschultz@swllp.com
Seeking organized, patient,
energetic,kind Stanford student
as daytime Mother's Helper/
Babysitter for 2 kids, ages 2&4.
10 hrs/week. Flexible schedule.
$ 15/ hr. 650-494-3024
Babysitter for Anna,2 1/2,& Ben,
7 mo, near campus in Menlo Park.
— lOhr on weekdays or eve/w'ends.
Loving, playful and responsible?
Please email maria@weiksner.com.
Babysitter for 2 year old girl
wanted in Palo Alto.
Help needed in mornings, w/ hrs
and days flexible. Evening and
weekend hrs also available.
Contact my2boys@onebox.com
Babysitter needed for occasional
evenings/weekend; for 4 yr old,
on campus, (650) 326-7224
Babysitter for 2 year old girl
wanted in Palo Alto.
Help needed in mornings, w/ hrs
and days flexible. Evening and
weekend hrs also available.
Contact my2boys@onebox.com
Portola Valley family looking
for person to babysit afternoons
and evenings 2-3 days per week.
Good pay. Require car and ref.
Option of live-in separate bed
room suite with private entrance
call 650-868-7362.
Babysitter wanted for 11 yr old
boy in Atherton. 1-3 afternoons
per week. Occasional morning
drop off. References 8c clean
driving record required. $18-20/
hi. Call Nlurat at 650-575-5255
or murat@tibco.com.
Atherton. Need help with 2.5 8c
5 year old on Tues and Fri from
1-6 pm. Call 650.364.1790.
After-school help w/ 10&12.5 yrs
old boys at Stanford. Frequency
negotiable; admati@stanford.edu
Sitter - occas. eve/wkend.must d
rive own car. 2 boys (15/10).
Atherton. kschultz@swllp.com
Seeking organized, patient,
energetic,kind Stanford student
as daytime Mother's Helper/
Babysitter for 2 kids, ages 2&4.
10 hrs/week. Flexible schedule.
$ 15/ hr. 650-494-3024
Babysitter for Anna,2 1/2,& Ben,
7 mo, near campus in Menlo Park.
— lOhr on weekdays or eve/w'ends.
Loving, playful and responsible?
Please email maria@weiksner.com.
Babysitter for 2 year old girl
wanted in Palo Alto.
Help needed in mornings, w/ hrs
and days flexible. Evening and
weekend hrs also available.
Contact my2boys@onebox.com
Babysitter needed for occasional
evenings/weekend; for 4 yr old,
on campus, (650) 326-7224
Babysitter for 2 year old girl
wanted in Palo Alto.
Help needed in mornings, w/ hrs
and days flexible. Evening and
weekend hrs also available.
Contact my2boys@onebox.com
Portola Valley family looking
for person to babysit afternoons
and evenings 2-3 days per week.
Good pay. Require car and ref.
Option of live-in separate bed
room suite with private entrance
call 650-868-7362.
Babysitter wanted for 11 yr old
boy in Atherton. 1-3 afternoons
per week. Occasional morning
drop off. References 8c clean
driving record required. $18-20/
hi. Call Nlurat at 650-575-5255
or murat@tibco.com.
Atherton. Need help with 2.5 8c
5 year old on Tues and Fri from
1-6 pm. Call 650.364.1790.
After-school help w/ 10&12.5 yrs
old boys at Stanford. Frequency
negotiable; admati@stanford.edu
Sitter - occas. eve/wkend.must d
rive own car. 2 boys (15/10).
Atherton. kschultz@swllp.com
Seeking organized, patient,
energetic,kind Stanford student
as daytime Mother's Helper/
Babysitter for 2 kids, ages 2&4.
10 hrs/week. Flexible schedule.
$ 15/ hr. 650-494-3024
Babysitter for Anna,2 1/2,& Ben,
7 mo, near campus in Menlo Park.
— lOhr on weekdays or eve/w'ends.
Loving, playful and responsible?
Please email maria@weiksner.com.
Babysitter for 2 year old girl
wanted in Palo Alto.
Help needed in mornings, w/ hrs
and days flexible. Evening and
weekend hrs also available.
Contact my2boys@onebox.com
Babysitter needed for occasional
evenings/weekend; for 4 yr old,
on campus, (650) 326-7224
Babysitter for 2 year old girl
wanted in Palo Alto.
Help needed in mornings, w/ hrs
and days flexible. Evening and
weekend hrs also available.
Contact my2boys@onebox.com
Portola Valley family looking
for person to babysit afternoons
and evenings 2-3 days per week.
Good pay. Require car and ref.
Option of live-in separate bed
room suite with private entrance
call 650-868-7362.
Babysitter wanted for 11 yr old
boy in Atherton. 1-3 afternoons
per week. Occasional morning
drop off. References 8c clean
driving record required. $18-20/
hi. Call Nlurat at 650-575-5255
or murat@tibco.com.
Atherton. Need help with 2.5 8c
5 year old on Tues and Fri from
1-6 pm. Call 650.364.1790.
After-school help w/ 10&12.5 yrs
old boys at Stanford. Frequency
negotiable; admati@stanford.edu
Sitter - occas. eve/wkend.must d
rive own car. 2 boys (15/10).
Atherton. kschultz@swllp.com
Seeking organized, patient,
energetic,kind Stanford student
as daytime Mother's Helper/
Babysitter for 2 kids, ages 2&4.
10 hrs/week. Flexible schedule.
$ 15/ hr. 650-494-3024
Babysitter for Anna,2 1/2,& Ben,
7 mo, near campus in Menlo Park.
— lOhr on weekdays or eve/w'ends.
Loving, playful and responsible?
Please email maria@weiksner.com.
Babysitter for 2 year old girl
wanted in Palo Alto.
Help needed in mornings, w/ hrs
and days flexible. Evening and
weekend hrs also available.
Contact my2boys@onebox.com
Babysitter needed for occasional
evenings/weekend; for 4 yr old,
on campus, (650) 326-7224
Babysitter for 2 year old girl
wanted in Palo Alto.
Help needed in mornings, w/ hrs
and days flexible. Evening and
weekend hrs also available.
Contact my2boys@onebox.com
Portola Valley family looking
for person to babysit afternoons
and evenings 2-3 days per week.
Good pay. Require car and ref.
Option of live-in separate bed
room suite with private entrance
call 650-868-7362.
Babysitter wanted for 11 yr old
boy in Atherton. 1-3 afternoons
per week. Occasional morning
drop off. References 8c clean
driving record required. $18-20/
hi. Call Nlurat at 650-575-5255
or murat@tibco.com.
Atherton. Need help with 2.5 8c
5 year old on Tues and Fri from
1-6 pm. Call 650.364.1790.
After-school help w/ 10&12.5 yrs
old boys at Stanford. Frequency
negotiable; admati@stanford.edu
Sitter - occas. eve/wkend.must d
rive own car. 2 boys (15/10).
Atherton. kschultz@swllp.com
Seeking organized, patient,
energetic,kind Stanford student
as daytime Mother's Helper/
Babysitter for 2 kids, ages 2&4.
10 hrs/week. Flexible schedule.
$ 15/ hr. 650-494-3024
Babysitter for Anna,2 1/2,& Ben,
7 mo, near campus in Menlo Park.
— lOhr on weekdays or eve/w'ends.
Loving, playful and responsible?
Please email maria@weiksner.com.
Babysitter for 2 year old girl
wanted in Palo Alto.
Help needed in mornings, w/ hrs
and days flexible. Evening and
weekend hrs also available.
Contact my2boys@onebox.com
Babysitter needed for occasional
evenings/weekend; for 4 yr old,
on campus, (650) 326-7224
Babysitter for 2 year old girl
wanted in Palo Alto.
Help needed in mornings, w/ hrs
and days flexible. Evening and
weekend hrs also available.
Contact my2boys@onebox.com
Portola Valley family looking
for person to babysit afternoons
and evenings 2-3 days per week.
Good pay. Require car and ref.
Option of live-in separate bed
room suite with private entrance
call 650-868-7362.
Babysitter wanted for 11 yr old
boy in Atherton. 1-3 afternoons
per week. Occasional morning
drop off. References 8c clean
driving record required. $18-20/
hi. Call Nlurat at 650-575-5255
or murat@tibco.com.
Atherton. Need help with 2.5 8c
5 year old on Tues and Fri from
1-6 pm. Call 650.364.1790.
After-school help w/ 10&12.5 yrs
old boys at Stanford. Frequency
negotiable; admati@stanford.edu
Sitter - occas. eve/wkend.must d
rive own car. 2 boys (15/10).
Atherton. kschultz@swllp.com
Seeking organized, patient,
energetic,kind Stanford student
as daytime Mother's Helper/
Babysitter for 2 kids, ages 2&4.
10 hrs/week. Flexible schedule.
$ 15/ hr. 650-494-3024
Babysitter for Anna,2 1/2,& Ben,
7 mo, near campus in Menlo Park.
— lOhr on weekdays or eve/w'ends.
Loving, playful and responsible?
Please email maria@weiksner.com.
