# Cabaret Tickets Go on Sale Today
## 
### 
Tickets arc on sale al Engineer
ing Corner for the Feb. 16 Inter
national Cabaret dinner and en
tertainmenl sponsored by Insti
tute of International Relations
Host Committee.
Tickets arc priced at $2. The
international dinner will consist
of Hungarian, Philippine, Japa
nese, Egyptian and Austrian
dishes.
Entertainment will incl u d e
among others a'South African
bulladeer, African bongo drum
mers, Balinese dancer, Russian
hopak dancer and French guitar
ist.
The CaVbaret will begin at 7
p.m. in the Methodist Church so
cial hall. Byron and Hamilton
streets, Palo Alto.
Tickets arc on sale al Engineer
ing Corner for the Feb. 16 Inter
national Cabaret dinner and en
tertainmenl sponsored by Insti
tute of International Relations
Host Committee.
Tickets arc priced at $2. The
international dinner will consist
of Hungarian, Philippine, Japa
nese, Egyptian and Austrian
dishes.
Entertainment will incl u d e
among others a'South African
bulladeer, African bongo drum
mers, Balinese dancer, Russian
hopak dancer and French guitar
ist.
The CaVbaret will begin at 7
p.m. in the Methodist Church so
cial hall. Byron and Hamilton
streets, Palo Alto.
Tickets arc on sale al Engineer
ing Corner for the Feb. 16 Inter
national Cabaret dinner and en
tertainmenl sponsored by Insti
tute of International Relations
Host Committee.
Tickets arc priced at $2. The
international dinner will consist
of Hungarian, Philippine, Japa
nese, Egyptian and Austrian
dishes.
Entertainment will incl u d e
among others a'South African
bulladeer, African bongo drum
mers, Balinese dancer, Russian
hopak dancer and French guitar
ist.
The CaVbaret will begin at 7
p.m. in the Methodist Church so
cial hall. Byron and Hamilton
streets, Palo Alto.
Tickets arc on sale al Engineer
ing Corner for the Feb. 16 Inter
national Cabaret dinner and en
tertainmenl sponsored by Insti
tute of International Relations
Host Committee.
Tickets arc priced at $2. The
international dinner will consist
of Hungarian, Philippine, Japa
nese, Egyptian and Austrian
dishes.
Entertainment will incl u d e
among others a'South African
bulladeer, African bongo drum
mers, Balinese dancer, Russian
hopak dancer and French guitar
ist.
The CaVbaret will begin at 7
p.m. in the Methodist Church so
cial hall. Byron and Hamilton
streets, Palo Alto.
Tickets arc on sale al Engineer
ing Corner for the Feb. 16 Inter
national Cabaret dinner and en
tertainmenl sponsored by Insti
tute of International Relations
Host Committee.
Tickets arc priced at $2. The
international dinner will consist
of Hungarian, Philippine, Japa
nese, Egyptian and Austrian
dishes.
Entertainment will incl u d e
among others a'South African
bulladeer, African bongo drum
mers, Balinese dancer, Russian
hopak dancer and French guitar
ist.
The CaVbaret will begin at 7
p.m. in the Methodist Church so
cial hall. Byron and Hamilton
streets, Palo Alto.
Tickets arc on sale al Engineer
ing Corner for the Feb. 16 Inter
national Cabaret dinner and en
tertainmenl sponsored by Insti
tute of International Relations
Host Committee.
Tickets arc priced at $2. The
international dinner will consist
of Hungarian, Philippine, Japa
nese, Egyptian and Austrian
dishes.
Entertainment will incl u d e
among others a'South African
bulladeer, African bongo drum
mers, Balinese dancer, Russian
hopak dancer and French guitar
ist.
The CaVbaret will begin at 7
p.m. in the Methodist Church so
cial hall. Byron and Hamilton
streets, Palo Alto.
Tickets arc on sale al Engineer
ing Corner for the Feb. 16 Inter
national Cabaret dinner and en
tertainmenl sponsored by Insti
tute of International Relations
Host Committee.
Tickets arc priced at $2. The
international dinner will consist
of Hungarian, Philippine, Japa
nese, Egyptian and Austrian
dishes.
Entertainment will incl u d e
among others a'South African
bulladeer, African bongo drum
mers, Balinese dancer, Russian
hopak dancer and French guitar
ist.
The CaVbaret will begin at 7
p.m. in the Methodist Church so
cial hall. Byron and Hamilton
streets, Palo Alto.
Tickets arc on sale al Engineer
ing Corner for the Feb. 16 Inter
national Cabaret dinner and en
tertainmenl sponsored by Insti
tute of International Relations
Host Committee.
Tickets arc priced at $2. The
international dinner will consist
of Hungarian, Philippine, Japa
nese, Egyptian and Austrian
dishes.
Entertainment will incl u d e
among others a'South African
bulladeer, African bongo drum
mers, Balinese dancer, Russian
hopak dancer and French guitar
ist.
The CaVbaret will begin at 7
p.m. in the Methodist Church so
cial hall. Byron and Hamilton
streets, Palo Alto.
Tickets arc on sale al Engineer
ing Corner for the Feb. 16 Inter
national Cabaret dinner and en
tertainmenl sponsored by Insti
tute of International Relations
Host Committee.
Tickets arc priced at $2. The
international dinner will consist
of Hungarian, Philippine, Japa
nese, Egyptian and Austrian
dishes.
Entertainment will incl u d e
among others a'South African
bulladeer, African bongo drum
mers, Balinese dancer, Russian
hopak dancer and French guitar
ist.
The CaVbaret will begin at 7
p.m. in the Methodist Church so
cial hall. Byron and Hamilton
streets, Palo Alto.
Tickets arc on sale al Engineer
ing Corner for the Feb. 16 Inter
national Cabaret dinner and en
tertainmenl sponsored by Insti
tute of International Relations
Host Committee.
Tickets arc priced at $2. The
international dinner will consist
of Hungarian, Philippine, Japa
nese, Egyptian and Austrian
dishes.
Entertainment will incl u d e
among others a'South African
bulladeer, African bongo drum
mers, Balinese dancer, Russian
hopak dancer and French guitar
ist.
The CaVbaret will begin at 7
p.m. in the Methodist Church so
cial hall. Byron and Hamilton
streets, Palo Alto.
Tickets arc on sale al Engineer
ing Corner for the Feb. 16 Inter
national Cabaret dinner and en
tertainmenl sponsored by Insti
tute of International Relations
Host Committee.
Tickets arc priced at $2. The
international dinner will consist
of Hungarian, Philippine, Japa
nese, Egyptian and Austrian
dishes.
Entertainment will incl u d e
among others a'South African
bulladeer, African bongo drum
mers, Balinese dancer, Russian
hopak dancer and French guitar
ist.
The CaVbaret will begin at 7
p.m. in the Methodist Church so
cial hall. Byron and Hamilton
streets, Palo Alto.
Tickets arc on sale al Engineer
ing Corner for the Feb. 16 Inter
national Cabaret dinner and en
tertainmenl sponsored by Insti
tute of International Relations
Host Committee.
Tickets arc priced at $2. The
international dinner will consist
of Hungarian, Philippine, Japa
nese, Egyptian and Austrian
dishes.
Entertainment will incl u d e
among others a'South African
bulladeer, African bongo drum
mers, Balinese dancer, Russian
hopak dancer and French guitar
ist.
The CaVbaret will begin at 7
p.m. in the Methodist Church so
cial hall. Byron and Hamilton
streets, Palo Alto.
Tickets arc on sale al Engineer
ing Corner for the Feb. 16 Inter
national Cabaret dinner and en
tertainmenl sponsored by Insti
tute of International Relations
Host Committee.
Tickets arc priced at $2. The
international dinner will consist
of Hungarian, Philippine, Japa
nese, Egyptian and Austrian
dishes.
Entertainment will incl u d e
among others a'South African
bulladeer, African bongo drum
mers, Balinese dancer, Russian
hopak dancer and French guitar
ist.
The CaVbaret will begin at 7
p.m. in the Methodist Church so
cial hall. Byron and Hamilton
streets, Palo Alto.
Tickets arc on sale al Engineer
ing Corner for the Feb. 16 Inter
national Cabaret dinner and en
tertainmenl sponsored by Insti
tute of International Relations
Host Committee.
Tickets arc priced at $2. The
international dinner will consist
of Hungarian, Philippine, Japa
nese, Egyptian and Austrian
dishes.
Entertainment will incl u d e
among others a'South African
bulladeer, African bongo drum
mers, Balinese dancer, Russian
hopak dancer and French guitar
ist.
The CaVbaret will begin at 7
p.m. in the Methodist Church so
cial hall. Byron and Hamilton
streets, Palo Alto.
Tickets arc on sale al Engineer
ing Corner for the Feb. 16 Inter
national Cabaret dinner and en
tertainmenl sponsored by Insti
tute of International Relations
Host Committee.
Tickets arc priced at $2. The
international dinner will consist
of Hungarian, Philippine, Japa
nese, Egyptian and Austrian
dishes.
Entertainment will incl u d e
among others a'South African
bulladeer, African bongo drum
mers, Balinese dancer, Russian
hopak dancer and French guitar
ist.
The CaVbaret will begin at 7
p.m. in the Methodist Church so
cial hall. Byron and Hamilton
streets, Palo Alto.
Tickets arc on sale al Engineer
ing Corner for the Feb. 16 Inter
national Cabaret dinner and en
tertainmenl sponsored by Insti
tute of International Relations
Host Committee.
Tickets arc priced at $2. The
international dinner will consist
of Hungarian, Philippine, Japa
nese, Egyptian and Austrian
dishes.
Entertainment will incl u d e
among others a'South African
bulladeer, African bongo drum
mers, Balinese dancer, Russian
hopak dancer and French guitar
ist.
The CaVbaret will begin at 7
p.m. in the Methodist Church so
cial hall. Byron and Hamilton
streets, Palo Alto.
