# Summer Language Courses Offered
## 
### 
The Asiatic and Slavic Studies
Department will offer intensive
courses in first-year Russian and
Chinese during summer quarter.
Fifteen units will be given for
each course.
Mrs. Augusta Jarye of Cornell
University will conduct the Rus
sian course and K. Y. Hsu of
Stanford will be in charge of the
Chinese class.
Interested students may con
tact the Asiatic and Slavic Stud
ies Department in Temporary
Building C.
The Asiatic and Slavic Studies
Department will offer intensive
courses in first-year Russian and
Chinese during summer quarter.
Fifteen units will be given for
each course.
Mrs. Augusta Jarye of Cornell
University will conduct the Rus
sian course and K. Y. Hsu of
Stanford will be in charge of the
Chinese class.
Interested students may con
tact the Asiatic and Slavic Stud
ies Department in Temporary
Building C.
The Asiatic and Slavic Studies
Department will offer intensive
courses in first-year Russian and
Chinese during summer quarter.
Fifteen units will be given for
each course.
Mrs. Augusta Jarye of Cornell
University will conduct the Rus
sian course and K. Y. Hsu of
Stanford will be in charge of the
Chinese class.
Interested students may con
tact the Asiatic and Slavic Stud
ies Department in Temporary
Building C.
The Asiatic and Slavic Studies
Department will offer intensive
courses in first-year Russian and
Chinese during summer quarter.
Fifteen units will be given for
each course.
Mrs. Augusta Jarye of Cornell
University will conduct the Rus
sian course and K. Y. Hsu of
Stanford will be in charge of the
Chinese class.
Interested students may con
tact the Asiatic and Slavic Stud
ies Department in Temporary
Building C.
The Asiatic and Slavic Studies
Department will offer intensive
courses in first-year Russian and
Chinese during summer quarter.
Fifteen units will be given for
each course.
Mrs. Augusta Jarye of Cornell
University will conduct the Rus
sian course and K. Y. Hsu of
Stanford will be in charge of the
Chinese class.
Interested students may con
tact the Asiatic and Slavic Stud
ies Department in Temporary
Building C.
The Asiatic and Slavic Studies
Department will offer intensive
courses in first-year Russian and
Chinese during summer quarter.
Fifteen units will be given for
each course.
Mrs. Augusta Jarye of Cornell
University will conduct the Rus
sian course and K. Y. Hsu of
Stanford will be in charge of the
Chinese class.
Interested students may con
tact the Asiatic and Slavic Stud
ies Department in Temporary
Building C.
The Asiatic and Slavic Studies
Department will offer intensive
courses in first-year Russian and
Chinese during summer quarter.
Fifteen units will be given for
each course.
Mrs. Augusta Jarye of Cornell
University will conduct the Rus
sian course and K. Y. Hsu of
Stanford will be in charge of the
Chinese class.
Interested students may con
tact the Asiatic and Slavic Stud
ies Department in Temporary
Building C.
The Asiatic and Slavic Studies
Department will offer intensive
courses in first-year Russian and
Chinese during summer quarter.
Fifteen units will be given for
each course.
Mrs. Augusta Jarye of Cornell
University will conduct the Rus
sian course and K. Y. Hsu of
Stanford will be in charge of the
Chinese class.
Interested students may con
tact the Asiatic and Slavic Stud
ies Department in Temporary
Building C.
The Asiatic and Slavic Studies
Department will offer intensive
courses in first-year Russian and
Chinese during summer quarter.
Fifteen units will be given for
each course.
Mrs. Augusta Jarye of Cornell
University will conduct the Rus
sian course and K. Y. Hsu of
Stanford will be in charge of the
Chinese class.
Interested students may con
tact the Asiatic and Slavic Stud
ies Department in Temporary
Building C.
The Asiatic and Slavic Studies
Department will offer intensive
courses in first-year Russian and
Chinese during summer quarter.
Fifteen units will be given for
each course.
Mrs. Augusta Jarye of Cornell
University will conduct the Rus
sian course and K. Y. Hsu of
Stanford will be in charge of the
Chinese class.
Interested students may con
tact the Asiatic and Slavic Stud
ies Department in Temporary
Building C.
The Asiatic and Slavic Studies
Department will offer intensive
courses in first-year Russian and
Chinese during summer quarter.
Fifteen units will be given for
each course.
Mrs. Augusta Jarye of Cornell
University will conduct the Rus
sian course and K. Y. Hsu of
Stanford will be in charge of the
Chinese class.
Interested students may con
tact the Asiatic and Slavic Stud
ies Department in Temporary
Building C.
The Asiatic and Slavic Studies
Department will offer intensive
courses in first-year Russian and
Chinese during summer quarter.
Fifteen units will be given for
each course.
Mrs. Augusta Jarye of Cornell
University will conduct the Rus
sian course and K. Y. Hsu of
Stanford will be in charge of the
Chinese class.
Interested students may con
tact the Asiatic and Slavic Stud
ies Department in Temporary
Building C.
The Asiatic and Slavic Studies
Department will offer intensive
courses in first-year Russian and
Chinese during summer quarter.
Fifteen units will be given for
each course.
Mrs. Augusta Jarye of Cornell
University will conduct the Rus
sian course and K. Y. Hsu of
Stanford will be in charge of the
Chinese class.
Interested students may con
tact the Asiatic and Slavic Stud
ies Department in Temporary
Building C.
The Asiatic and Slavic Studies
Department will offer intensive
courses in first-year Russian and
Chinese during summer quarter.
Fifteen units will be given for
each course.
Mrs. Augusta Jarye of Cornell
University will conduct the Rus
sian course and K. Y. Hsu of
Stanford will be in charge of the
Chinese class.
Interested students may con
tact the Asiatic and Slavic Stud
ies Department in Temporary
Building C.
The Asiatic and Slavic Studies
Department will offer intensive
courses in first-year Russian and
Chinese during summer quarter.
Fifteen units will be given for
each course.
Mrs. Augusta Jarye of Cornell
University will conduct the Rus
sian course and K. Y. Hsu of
Stanford will be in charge of the
Chinese class.
Interested students may con
tact the Asiatic and Slavic Stud
ies Department in Temporary
Building C.
The Asiatic and Slavic Studies
Department will offer intensive
courses in first-year Russian and
Chinese during summer quarter.
Fifteen units will be given for
each course.
Mrs. Augusta Jarye of Cornell
University will conduct the Rus
sian course and K. Y. Hsu of
Stanford will be in charge of the
Chinese class.
Interested students may con
tact the Asiatic and Slavic Stud
ies Department in Temporary
Building C.
