# LASSU Plan: 'See Europe and Save'
## 
### 
A chance to save as much as
$200 on round-trip air tickets to
Europe may be available to Stan
lord students this summer. Leg
islature is now investigating a
plan sponsored by Slick Airlines,
a Civil Aeronautics Board ap
proved company.
Under this plan planes may be
chartered by groups.
The cost of chartering the plane
is divided among those on the
flight. Departure time and place
of arrival can be determined by
the 'passengers.
The plan requires at least 68
passengers before it can ,go into
operation. Interested students
may sign up in the ASSU office
before 5 p.m. tomorrow. Signing
now does not obligate the stu
dents to participation, but is
merely to indicate to Legislature
whether tlie plan has enough ap
peal to be economically feasible,
according to Legislature repre
sentative Ed Baker.
