# Finance Manager Interviews to Begin
## 
### 
Students interested in applying
for position as Student Financial
Manager for 1957-58 may pick up
applications and make appoint
ments for interviews at the ASSU
office.
Members of any class are eli
gible. and the deadline for filing
applications is Feb. 21. The new
manager, who will receive a sal
ary of $100 a month, will be an
nounced Feb. 28.
Students interested in applying
for position as Student Financial
Manager for 1957-58 may pick up
applications and make appoint
ments for interviews at the ASSU
office.
Members of any class are eli
gible. and the deadline for filing
applications is Feb. 21. The new
manager, who will receive a sal
ary of $100 a month, will be an
nounced Feb. 28.
Students interested in applying
for position as Student Financial
Manager for 1957-58 may pick up
applications and make appoint
ments for interviews at the ASSU
office.
Members of any class are eli
gible. and the deadline for filing
applications is Feb. 21. The new
manager, who will receive a sal
ary of $100 a month, will be an
nounced Feb. 28.
Students interested in applying
for position as Student Financial
Manager for 1957-58 may pick up
applications and make appoint
ments for interviews at the ASSU
office.
Members of any class are eli
gible. and the deadline for filing
applications is Feb. 21. The new
manager, who will receive a sal
ary of $100 a month, will be an
nounced Feb. 28.
Students interested in applying
for position as Student Financial
Manager for 1957-58 may pick up
applications and make appoint
ments for interviews at the ASSU
office.
Members of any class are eli
gible. and the deadline for filing
applications is Feb. 21. The new
manager, who will receive a sal
ary of $100 a month, will be an
nounced Feb. 28.
Students interested in applying
for position as Student Financial
Manager for 1957-58 may pick up
applications and make appoint
ments for interviews at the ASSU
office.
Members of any class are eli
gible. and the deadline for filing
applications is Feb. 21. The new
manager, who will receive a sal
ary of $100 a month, will be an
nounced Feb. 28.
Students interested in applying
for position as Student Financial
Manager for 1957-58 may pick up
applications and make appoint
ments for interviews at the ASSU
office.
Members of any class are eli
gible. and the deadline for filing
applications is Feb. 21. The new
manager, who will receive a sal
ary of $100 a month, will be an
nounced Feb. 28.
Students interested in applying
for position as Student Financial
Manager for 1957-58 may pick up
applications and make appoint
ments for interviews at the ASSU
office.
Members of any class are eli
gible. and the deadline for filing
applications is Feb. 21. The new
manager, who will receive a sal
ary of $100 a month, will be an
nounced Feb. 28.
Students interested in applying
for position as Student Financial
Manager for 1957-58 may pick up
applications and make appoint
ments for interviews at the ASSU
office.
Members of any class are eli
gible. and the deadline for filing
applications is Feb. 21. The new
manager, who will receive a sal
ary of $100 a month, will be an
nounced Feb. 28.
Students interested in applying
for position as Student Financial
Manager for 1957-58 may pick up
applications and make appoint
ments for interviews at the ASSU
office.
Members of any class are eli
gible. and the deadline for filing
applications is Feb. 21. The new
manager, who will receive a sal
ary of $100 a month, will be an
nounced Feb. 28.
Students interested in applying
for position as Student Financial
Manager for 1957-58 may pick up
applications and make appoint
ments for interviews at the ASSU
office.
Members of any class are eli
gible. and the deadline for filing
applications is Feb. 21. The new
manager, who will receive a sal
ary of $100 a month, will be an
nounced Feb. 28.
Students interested in applying
for position as Student Financial
Manager for 1957-58 may pick up
applications and make appoint
ments for interviews at the ASSU
office.
Members of any class are eli
gible. and the deadline for filing
applications is Feb. 21. The new
manager, who will receive a sal
ary of $100 a month, will be an
nounced Feb. 28.
Students interested in applying
for position as Student Financial
Manager for 1957-58 may pick up
applications and make appoint
ments for interviews at the ASSU
office.
Members of any class are eli
gible. and the deadline for filing
applications is Feb. 21. The new
manager, who will receive a sal
ary of $100 a month, will be an
nounced Feb. 28.
Students interested in applying
for position as Student Financial
Manager for 1957-58 may pick up
applications and make appoint
ments for interviews at the ASSU
office.
Members of any class are eli
gible. and the deadline for filing
applications is Feb. 21. The new
manager, who will receive a sal
ary of $100 a month, will be an
nounced Feb. 28.
Students interested in applying
for position as Student Financial
Manager for 1957-58 may pick up
applications and make appoint
ments for interviews at the ASSU
office.
Members of any class are eli
gible. and the deadline for filing
applications is Feb. 21. The new
manager, who will receive a sal
ary of $100 a month, will be an
nounced Feb. 28.
Students interested in applying
for position as Student Financial
Manager for 1957-58 may pick up
applications and make appoint
ments for interviews at the ASSU
office.
Members of any class are eli
gible. and the deadline for filing
applications is Feb. 21. The new
manager, who will receive a sal
ary of $100 a month, will be an
nounced Feb. 28.
