# Sigma Alpha Epsilon
## 
### 
Sigma Alpha Fpsilon recently
elected Ihe following new offi
cers: Bruce Blake, president;
Chuck Hancock, vice-president;
Kermit Olson, secretary; Ed Hoff
man, corresponding secretary;
John Staten, chronicler; Terry
Badger, herald, and Hoyt T. Wat
son, warden.
Sigma Alpha Fpsilon recently
elected Ihe following new offi
cers: Bruce Blake, president;
Chuck Hancock, vice-president;
Kermit Olson, secretary; Ed Hoff
man, corresponding secretary;
John Staten, chronicler; Terry
Badger, herald, and Hoyt T. Wat
son, warden.
Sigma Alpha Fpsilon recently
elected Ihe following new offi
cers: Bruce Blake, president;
Chuck Hancock, vice-president;
Kermit Olson, secretary; Ed Hoff
man, corresponding secretary;
John Staten, chronicler; Terry
Badger, herald, and Hoyt T. Wat
son, warden.
Sigma Alpha Fpsilon recently
elected Ihe following new offi
cers: Bruce Blake, president;
Chuck Hancock, vice-president;
Kermit Olson, secretary; Ed Hoff
man, corresponding secretary;
John Staten, chronicler; Terry
Badger, herald, and Hoyt T. Wat
son, warden.
Sigma Alpha Fpsilon recently
elected Ihe following new offi
cers: Bruce Blake, president;
Chuck Hancock, vice-president;
Kermit Olson, secretary; Ed Hoff
man, corresponding secretary;
John Staten, chronicler; Terry
Badger, herald, and Hoyt T. Wat
son, warden.
Sigma Alpha Fpsilon recently
elected Ihe following new offi
cers: Bruce Blake, president;
Chuck Hancock, vice-president;
Kermit Olson, secretary; Ed Hoff
man, corresponding secretary;
John Staten, chronicler; Terry
Badger, herald, and Hoyt T. Wat
son, warden.
Sigma Alpha Fpsilon recently
elected Ihe following new offi
cers: Bruce Blake, president;
Chuck Hancock, vice-president;
Kermit Olson, secretary; Ed Hoff
man, corresponding secretary;
John Staten, chronicler; Terry
Badger, herald, and Hoyt T. Wat
son, warden.
Sigma Alpha Fpsilon recently
elected Ihe following new offi
cers: Bruce Blake, president;
Chuck Hancock, vice-president;
Kermit Olson, secretary; Ed Hoff
man, corresponding secretary;
John Staten, chronicler; Terry
Badger, herald, and Hoyt T. Wat
son, warden.
Sigma Alpha Fpsilon recently
elected Ihe following new offi
cers: Bruce Blake, president;
Chuck Hancock, vice-president;
Kermit Olson, secretary; Ed Hoff
man, corresponding secretary;
John Staten, chronicler; Terry
Badger, herald, and Hoyt T. Wat
son, warden.
Sigma Alpha Fpsilon recently
elected Ihe following new offi
cers: Bruce Blake, president;
Chuck Hancock, vice-president;
Kermit Olson, secretary; Ed Hoff
man, corresponding secretary;
John Staten, chronicler; Terry
Badger, herald, and Hoyt T. Wat
son, warden.
Sigma Alpha Fpsilon recently
elected Ihe following new offi
cers: Bruce Blake, president;
Chuck Hancock, vice-president;
Kermit Olson, secretary; Ed Hoff
man, corresponding secretary;
John Staten, chronicler; Terry
Badger, herald, and Hoyt T. Wat
son, warden.
Sigma Alpha Fpsilon recently
elected Ihe following new offi
cers: Bruce Blake, president;
Chuck Hancock, vice-president;
Kermit Olson, secretary; Ed Hoff
man, corresponding secretary;
John Staten, chronicler; Terry
Badger, herald, and Hoyt T. Wat
son, warden.
Sigma Alpha Fpsilon recently
elected Ihe following new offi
cers: Bruce Blake, president;
Chuck Hancock, vice-president;
Kermit Olson, secretary; Ed Hoff
man, corresponding secretary;
John Staten, chronicler; Terry
Badger, herald, and Hoyt T. Wat
son, warden.
Sigma Alpha Fpsilon recently
elected Ihe following new offi
cers: Bruce Blake, president;
Chuck Hancock, vice-president;
Kermit Olson, secretary; Ed Hoff
man, corresponding secretary;
John Staten, chronicler; Terry
Badger, herald, and Hoyt T. Wat
son, warden.
Sigma Alpha Fpsilon recently
elected Ihe following new offi
cers: Bruce Blake, president;
Chuck Hancock, vice-president;
Kermit Olson, secretary; Ed Hoff
man, corresponding secretary;
John Staten, chronicler; Terry
Badger, herald, and Hoyt T. Wat
son, warden.
Sigma Alpha Fpsilon recently
elected Ihe following new offi
cers: Bruce Blake, president;
Chuck Hancock, vice-president;
Kermit Olson, secretary; Ed Hoff
man, corresponding secretary;
John Staten, chronicler; Terry
Badger, herald, and Hoyt T. Wat
son, warden.
