# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—Seven patients were discharged
from the Guild hospital last week.
There are now three patients at the
hospital.
—Seven patients were discharged
from the Guild hospital last week.
There are now three patients at the
hospital.
—Seven patients were discharged
from the Guild hospital last week.
There are now three patients at the
hospital.
—Seven patients were discharged
from the Guild hospital last week.
There are now three patients at the
hospital.
—Seven patients were discharged
from the Guild hospital last week.
There are now three patients at the
hospital.
—Seven patients were discharged
from the Guild hospital last week.
There are now three patients at the
hospital.
—Seven patients were discharged
from the Guild hospital last week.
There are now three patients at the
hospital.
—Seven patients were discharged
from the Guild hospital last week.
There are now three patients at the
hospital.
