# To Have Progressive Party.
## 
### 
The Christian Associations of the
University are planning a progress
ive party for the members of the
associations next Friday night.
The Christian Associations of the
University are planning a progress
ive party for the members of the
associations next Friday night.
The Christian Associations of the
University are planning a progress
ive party for the members of the
associations next Friday night.
The Christian Associations of the
University are planning a progress
ive party for the members of the
associations next Friday night.
The Christian Associations of the
University are planning a progress
ive party for the members of the
associations next Friday night.
The Christian Associations of the
University are planning a progress
ive party for the members of the
associations next Friday night.
The Christian Associations of the
University are planning a progress
ive party for the members of the
associations next Friday night.
The Christian Associations of the
University are planning a progress
ive party for the members of the
associations next Friday night.
