# Addition to Schedule.
## 
### 
The Varsity will line up against
an outside team for the first time
this season next, Thursday after
noon, when Santa Clara will he
played. The game will take place
at Santa Clara.
The Varsity will line up against
an outside team for the first time
this season next, Thursday after
noon, when Santa Clara will he
played. The game will take place
at Santa Clara.
The Varsity will line up against
an outside team for the first time
this season next, Thursday after
noon, when Santa Clara will he
played. The game will take place
at Santa Clara.
The Varsity will line up against
an outside team for the first time
this season next, Thursday after
noon, when Santa Clara will he
played. The game will take place
at Santa Clara.
The Varsity will line up against
an outside team for the first time
this season next, Thursday after
noon, when Santa Clara will he
played. The game will take place
at Santa Clara.
The Varsity will line up against
an outside team for the first time
this season next, Thursday after
noon, when Santa Clara will he
played. The game will take place
at Santa Clara.
The Varsity will line up against
an outside team for the first time
this season next, Thursday after
noon, when Santa Clara will he
played. The game will take place
at Santa Clara.
The Varsity will line up against
an outside team for the first time
this season next, Thursday after
noon, when Santa Clara will he
played. The game will take place
at Santa Clara.
