# DANCE INSTRUCTION
## 
### 
Folk dancing for adults under the
Palo Alto Recreation Department
will start a new term for beginners
today, for intermediates tomorrow,
and for advanced Thursday. Regis
tration will be taken from 7:30 to
9:30 on these evenings. Fees are $2
for residents and $3.50 for non-res
idents for the three months' term.
Folk dancing for adults under the
Palo Alto Recreation Department
will start a new term for beginners
today, for intermediates tomorrow,
and for advanced Thursday. Regis
tration will be taken from 7:30 to
9:30 on these evenings. Fees are $2
for residents and $3.50 for non-res
idents for the three months' term.
Folk dancing for adults under the
Palo Alto Recreation Department
will start a new term for beginners
today, for intermediates tomorrow,
and for advanced Thursday. Regis
tration will be taken from 7:30 to
9:30 on these evenings. Fees are $2
for residents and $3.50 for non-res
idents for the three months' term.
Folk dancing for adults under the
Palo Alto Recreation Department
will start a new term for beginners
today, for intermediates tomorrow,
and for advanced Thursday. Regis
tration will be taken from 7:30 to
9:30 on these evenings. Fees are $2
for residents and $3.50 for non-res
idents for the three months' term.
Folk dancing for adults under the
Palo Alto Recreation Department
will start a new term for beginners
today, for intermediates tomorrow,
and for advanced Thursday. Regis
tration will be taken from 7:30 to
9:30 on these evenings. Fees are $2
for residents and $3.50 for non-res
idents for the three months' term.
Folk dancing for adults under the
Palo Alto Recreation Department
will start a new term for beginners
today, for intermediates tomorrow,
and for advanced Thursday. Regis
tration will be taken from 7:30 to
9:30 on these evenings. Fees are $2
for residents and $3.50 for non-res
idents for the three months' term.
Folk dancing for adults under the
Palo Alto Recreation Department
will start a new term for beginners
today, for intermediates tomorrow,
and for advanced Thursday. Regis
tration will be taken from 7:30 to
9:30 on these evenings. Fees are $2
for residents and $3.50 for non-res
idents for the three months' term.
Folk dancing for adults under the
Palo Alto Recreation Department
will start a new term for beginners
today, for intermediates tomorrow,
and for advanced Thursday. Regis
tration will be taken from 7:30 to
9:30 on these evenings. Fees are $2
for residents and $3.50 for non-res
idents for the three months' term.
Folk dancing for adults under the
Palo Alto Recreation Department
will start a new term for beginners
today, for intermediates tomorrow,
and for advanced Thursday. Regis
tration will be taken from 7:30 to
9:30 on these evenings. Fees are $2
for residents and $3.50 for non-res
idents for the three months' term.
Folk dancing for adults under the
Palo Alto Recreation Department
will start a new term for beginners
today, for intermediates tomorrow,
and for advanced Thursday. Regis
tration will be taken from 7:30 to
9:30 on these evenings. Fees are $2
for residents and $3.50 for non-res
idents for the three months' term.
Folk dancing for adults under the
Palo Alto Recreation Department
will start a new term for beginners
today, for intermediates tomorrow,
and for advanced Thursday. Regis
tration will be taken from 7:30 to
9:30 on these evenings. Fees are $2
for residents and $3.50 for non-res
idents for the three months' term.
Folk dancing for adults under the
Palo Alto Recreation Department
will start a new term for beginners
today, for intermediates tomorrow,
and for advanced Thursday. Regis
tration will be taken from 7:30 to
9:30 on these evenings. Fees are $2
for residents and $3.50 for non-res
idents for the three months' term.
Folk dancing for adults under the
Palo Alto Recreation Department
will start a new term for beginners
today, for intermediates tomorrow,
and for advanced Thursday. Regis
tration will be taken from 7:30 to
9:30 on these evenings. Fees are $2
for residents and $3.50 for non-res
idents for the three months' term.
Folk dancing for adults under the
Palo Alto Recreation Department
will start a new term for beginners
today, for intermediates tomorrow,
and for advanced Thursday. Regis
tration will be taken from 7:30 to
9:30 on these evenings. Fees are $2
for residents and $3.50 for non-res
idents for the three months' term.
Folk dancing for adults under the
Palo Alto Recreation Department
will start a new term for beginners
today, for intermediates tomorrow,
and for advanced Thursday. Regis
tration will be taken from 7:30 to
9:30 on these evenings. Fees are $2
for residents and $3.50 for non-res
idents for the three months' term.
