# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Doris Graves, '52, to
Joe Chez, Theta Chi, '52. The
couple will be married Feb- 21.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Doris Graves, '52, to
Joe Chez, Theta Chi, '52. The
couple will be married Feb- 21.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Doris Graves, '52, to
Joe Chez, Theta Chi, '52. The
couple will be married Feb- 21.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Doris Graves, '52, to
Joe Chez, Theta Chi, '52. The
couple will be married Feb- 21.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Doris Graves, '52, to
Joe Chez, Theta Chi, '52. The
couple will be married Feb- 21.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Doris Graves, '52, to
Joe Chez, Theta Chi, '52. The
couple will be married Feb- 21.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Doris Graves, '52, to
Joe Chez, Theta Chi, '52. The
couple will be married Feb- 21.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Doris Graves, '52, to
Joe Chez, Theta Chi, '52. The
couple will be married Feb- 21.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Doris Graves, '52, to
Joe Chez, Theta Chi, '52. The
couple will be married Feb- 21.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Doris Graves, '52, to
Joe Chez, Theta Chi, '52. The
couple will be married Feb- 21.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Doris Graves, '52, to
Joe Chez, Theta Chi, '52. The
couple will be married Feb- 21.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Doris Graves, '52, to
Joe Chez, Theta Chi, '52. The
couple will be married Feb- 21.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Doris Graves, '52, to
Joe Chez, Theta Chi, '52. The
couple will be married Feb- 21.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Doris Graves, '52, to
Joe Chez, Theta Chi, '52. The
couple will be married Feb- 21.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Doris Graves, '52, to
Joe Chez, Theta Chi, '52. The
couple will be married Feb- 21.
