# MORSE REAPPOINTMENT
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6 (UP)—A
Republican spokesman said tonight
Sen. Wayne L. Morse of Oregon will
keep his place on the GOP side of
the Labor and Armed Services com
mittees.
Sen. Hugh Butler (R., Neb.),
chairman of the GOP Committee on
Committees, said Morse will be list
ed as an independent, which prob
ably will cost him his party senior
ity on the committees.
He has ranked fairly high on the
Republican list on each.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6 (UP)—A
Republican spokesman said tonight
Sen. Wayne L. Morse of Oregon will
keep his place on the GOP side of
the Labor and Armed Services com
mittees.
Sen. Hugh Butler (R., Neb.),
chairman of the GOP Committee on
Committees, said Morse will be list
ed as an independent, which prob
ably will cost him his party senior
ity on the committees.
He has ranked fairly high on the
Republican list on each.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6 (UP)—A
Republican spokesman said tonight
Sen. Wayne L. Morse of Oregon will
keep his place on the GOP side of
the Labor and Armed Services com
mittees.
Sen. Hugh Butler (R., Neb.),
chairman of the GOP Committee on
Committees, said Morse will be list
ed as an independent, which prob
ably will cost him his party senior
ity on the committees.
He has ranked fairly high on the
Republican list on each.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6 (UP)—A
Republican spokesman said tonight
Sen. Wayne L. Morse of Oregon will
keep his place on the GOP side of
the Labor and Armed Services com
mittees.
Sen. Hugh Butler (R., Neb.),
chairman of the GOP Committee on
Committees, said Morse will be list
ed as an independent, which prob
ably will cost him his party senior
ity on the committees.
He has ranked fairly high on the
Republican list on each.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6 (UP)—A
Republican spokesman said tonight
Sen. Wayne L. Morse of Oregon will
keep his place on the GOP side of
the Labor and Armed Services com
mittees.
Sen. Hugh Butler (R., Neb.),
chairman of the GOP Committee on
Committees, said Morse will be list
ed as an independent, which prob
ably will cost him his party senior
ity on the committees.
He has ranked fairly high on the
Republican list on each.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6 (UP)—A
Republican spokesman said tonight
Sen. Wayne L. Morse of Oregon will
keep his place on the GOP side of
the Labor and Armed Services com
mittees.
Sen. Hugh Butler (R., Neb.),
chairman of the GOP Committee on
Committees, said Morse will be list
ed as an independent, which prob
ably will cost him his party senior
ity on the committees.
He has ranked fairly high on the
Republican list on each.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6 (UP)—A
Republican spokesman said tonight
Sen. Wayne L. Morse of Oregon will
keep his place on the GOP side of
the Labor and Armed Services com
mittees.
Sen. Hugh Butler (R., Neb.),
chairman of the GOP Committee on
Committees, said Morse will be list
ed as an independent, which prob
ably will cost him his party senior
ity on the committees.
He has ranked fairly high on the
Republican list on each.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6 (UP)—A
Republican spokesman said tonight
Sen. Wayne L. Morse of Oregon will
keep his place on the GOP side of
the Labor and Armed Services com
mittees.
Sen. Hugh Butler (R., Neb.),
chairman of the GOP Committee on
Committees, said Morse will be list
ed as an independent, which prob
ably will cost him his party senior
ity on the committees.
He has ranked fairly high on the
Republican list on each.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6 (UP)—A
Republican spokesman said tonight
Sen. Wayne L. Morse of Oregon will
keep his place on the GOP side of
the Labor and Armed Services com
mittees.
Sen. Hugh Butler (R., Neb.),
chairman of the GOP Committee on
Committees, said Morse will be list
ed as an independent, which prob
ably will cost him his party senior
ity on the committees.
He has ranked fairly high on the
Republican list on each.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6 (UP)—A
Republican spokesman said tonight
Sen. Wayne L. Morse of Oregon will
keep his place on the GOP side of
the Labor and Armed Services com
mittees.
Sen. Hugh Butler (R., Neb.),
chairman of the GOP Committee on
Committees, said Morse will be list
ed as an independent, which prob
ably will cost him his party senior
ity on the committees.
He has ranked fairly high on the
Republican list on each.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6 (UP)—A
Republican spokesman said tonight
Sen. Wayne L. Morse of Oregon will
keep his place on the GOP side of
the Labor and Armed Services com
mittees.
Sen. Hugh Butler (R., Neb.),
chairman of the GOP Committee on
Committees, said Morse will be list
ed as an independent, which prob
ably will cost him his party senior
ity on the committees.
He has ranked fairly high on the
Republican list on each.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6 (UP)—A
Republican spokesman said tonight
Sen. Wayne L. Morse of Oregon will
keep his place on the GOP side of
the Labor and Armed Services com
mittees.
Sen. Hugh Butler (R., Neb.),
chairman of the GOP Committee on
Committees, said Morse will be list
ed as an independent, which prob
ably will cost him his party senior
ity on the committees.
He has ranked fairly high on the
Republican list on each.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6 (UP)—A
Republican spokesman said tonight
Sen. Wayne L. Morse of Oregon will
keep his place on the GOP side of
the Labor and Armed Services com
mittees.
Sen. Hugh Butler (R., Neb.),
chairman of the GOP Committee on
Committees, said Morse will be list
ed as an independent, which prob
ably will cost him his party senior
ity on the committees.
He has ranked fairly high on the
Republican list on each.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6 (UP)—A
Republican spokesman said tonight
Sen. Wayne L. Morse of Oregon will
keep his place on the GOP side of
the Labor and Armed Services com
mittees.
Sen. Hugh Butler (R., Neb.),
chairman of the GOP Committee on
Committees, said Morse will be list
ed as an independent, which prob
ably will cost him his party senior
ity on the committees.
He has ranked fairly high on the
Republican list on each.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6 (UP)—A
Republican spokesman said tonight
Sen. Wayne L. Morse of Oregon will
keep his place on the GOP side of
the Labor and Armed Services com
mittees.
Sen. Hugh Butler (R., Neb.),
chairman of the GOP Committee on
Committees, said Morse will be list
ed as an independent, which prob
ably will cost him his party senior
ity on the committees.
He has ranked fairly high on the
Republican list on each.
