# CAL TICKET SALE
## 
### 
Public sale of tickets for Saturday
night's Stanford-California basket
ball game will begin at 9 a.m. today
at the BAC. All seats are unre
served at $1.50.
Public sale of tickets for Saturday
night's Stanford-California basket
ball game will begin at 9 a.m. today
at the BAC. All seats are unre
served at $1.50.
Public sale of tickets for Saturday
night's Stanford-California basket
ball game will begin at 9 a.m. today
at the BAC. All seats are unre
served at $1.50.
Public sale of tickets for Saturday
night's Stanford-California basket
ball game will begin at 9 a.m. today
at the BAC. All seats are unre
served at $1.50.
Public sale of tickets for Saturday
night's Stanford-California basket
ball game will begin at 9 a.m. today
at the BAC. All seats are unre
served at $1.50.
Public sale of tickets for Saturday
night's Stanford-California basket
ball game will begin at 9 a.m. today
at the BAC. All seats are unre
served at $1.50.
Public sale of tickets for Saturday
night's Stanford-California basket
ball game will begin at 9 a.m. today
at the BAC. All seats are unre
served at $1.50.
Public sale of tickets for Saturday
night's Stanford-California basket
ball game will begin at 9 a.m. today
at the BAC. All seats are unre
served at $1.50.
Public sale of tickets for Saturday
night's Stanford-California basket
ball game will begin at 9 a.m. today
at the BAC. All seats are unre
served at $1.50.
Public sale of tickets for Saturday
night's Stanford-California basket
ball game will begin at 9 a.m. today
at the BAC. All seats are unre
served at $1.50.
Public sale of tickets for Saturday
night's Stanford-California basket
ball game will begin at 9 a.m. today
at the BAC. All seats are unre
served at $1.50.
Public sale of tickets for Saturday
night's Stanford-California basket
ball game will begin at 9 a.m. today
at the BAC. All seats are unre
served at $1.50.
Public sale of tickets for Saturday
night's Stanford-California basket
ball game will begin at 9 a.m. today
at the BAC. All seats are unre
served at $1.50.
Public sale of tickets for Saturday
night's Stanford-California basket
ball game will begin at 9 a.m. today
at the BAC. All seats are unre
served at $1.50.
Public sale of tickets for Saturday
night's Stanford-California basket
ball game will begin at 9 a.m. today
at the BAC. All seats are unre
served at $1.50.
