# Meet the Cards
## 
### 
Freis saw his first action of
the season against Washington
last week after missing three
games with a muscle strain.
Although fairly small for an
end, his speed and deceptive
ness have made him a great
long â–  pass threat. He topped
Card receivers in yardage last
season. A two-year veteran, his
is a law major.

Although he has had only a
few chances to display his tal
ents, Face is looming as one of
the better conversion artists to
come along in years. He is 3-
for-3 this season. An outstand
ing high school star at San Ma
rino, a recurring back injury
has curtailed his college career
until this year. Skip is an eco
nomics major.

("Meet the Cards" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


JOEL FREIS
End


SKIP FACE
Halfback
