# Red Skelton Revue Coming
## 
### 
Red Skelton will appear in per
son in his musical variety revue,
"The Clown and the Baton,"j at
the San Jose Civic Auditorium.
Saturday, Oct. 25, at 7 and 9*30
p.m. David Rose and his 30- pifce
orchestra will also be featured'.
Tickets priced from $2.20''t0
$4.95 are now on sale at the Pe
ninsula Box Office, Town and
Country Village, Palo Alto, and
at the San Jose Civic Auditorium
box office.
Red Skelton will appear in per
son in his musical variety revue,
"The Clown and the Baton,"j at
the San Jose Civic Auditorium.
Saturday, Oct. 25, at 7 and 9*30
p.m. David Rose and his 30- pifce
orchestra will also be featured'.
Tickets priced from $2.20''t0
$4.95 are now on sale at the Pe
ninsula Box Office, Town and
Country Village, Palo Alto, and
at the San Jose Civic Auditorium
box office.
Red Skelton will appear in per
son in his musical variety revue,
"The Clown and the Baton,"j at
the San Jose Civic Auditorium.
Saturday, Oct. 25, at 7 and 9*30
p.m. David Rose and his 30- pifce
orchestra will also be featured'.
Tickets priced from $2.20''t0
$4.95 are now on sale at the Pe
ninsula Box Office, Town and
Country Village, Palo Alto, and
at the San Jose Civic Auditorium
box office.
Red Skelton will appear in per
son in his musical variety revue,
"The Clown and the Baton,"j at
the San Jose Civic Auditorium.
Saturday, Oct. 25, at 7 and 9*30
p.m. David Rose and his 30- pifce
orchestra will also be featured'.
Tickets priced from $2.20''t0
$4.95 are now on sale at the Pe
ninsula Box Office, Town and
Country Village, Palo Alto, and
at the San Jose Civic Auditorium
box office.
Red Skelton will appear in per
son in his musical variety revue,
"The Clown and the Baton,"j at
the San Jose Civic Auditorium.
Saturday, Oct. 25, at 7 and 9*30
p.m. David Rose and his 30- pifce
orchestra will also be featured'.
Tickets priced from $2.20''t0
$4.95 are now on sale at the Pe
ninsula Box Office, Town and
Country Village, Palo Alto, and
at the San Jose Civic Auditorium
box office.
Red Skelton will appear in per
son in his musical variety revue,
"The Clown and the Baton,"j at
the San Jose Civic Auditorium.
Saturday, Oct. 25, at 7 and 9*30
p.m. David Rose and his 30- pifce
orchestra will also be featured'.
Tickets priced from $2.20''t0
$4.95 are now on sale at the Pe
ninsula Box Office, Town and
Country Village, Palo Alto, and
at the San Jose Civic Auditorium
box office.
Red Skelton will appear in per
son in his musical variety revue,
"The Clown and the Baton,"j at
the San Jose Civic Auditorium.
Saturday, Oct. 25, at 7 and 9*30
p.m. David Rose and his 30- pifce
orchestra will also be featured'.
Tickets priced from $2.20''t0
$4.95 are now on sale at the Pe
ninsula Box Office, Town and
Country Village, Palo Alto, and
at the San Jose Civic Auditorium
box office.
Red Skelton will appear in per
son in his musical variety revue,
"The Clown and the Baton,"j at
the San Jose Civic Auditorium.
Saturday, Oct. 25, at 7 and 9*30
p.m. David Rose and his 30- pifce
orchestra will also be featured'.
Tickets priced from $2.20''t0
$4.95 are now on sale at the Pe
ninsula Box Office, Town and
Country Village, Palo Alto, and
at the San Jose Civic Auditorium
box office.
Red Skelton will appear in per
son in his musical variety revue,
"The Clown and the Baton,"j at
the San Jose Civic Auditorium.
Saturday, Oct. 25, at 7 and 9*30
p.m. David Rose and his 30- pifce
orchestra will also be featured'.
Tickets priced from $2.20''t0
$4.95 are now on sale at the Pe
ninsula Box Office, Town and
Country Village, Palo Alto, and
at the San Jose Civic Auditorium
box office.
Red Skelton will appear in per
son in his musical variety revue,
"The Clown and the Baton,"j at
the San Jose Civic Auditorium.
Saturday, Oct. 25, at 7 and 9*30
p.m. David Rose and his 30- pifce
orchestra will also be featured'.
Tickets priced from $2.20''t0
$4.95 are now on sale at the Pe
ninsula Box Office, Town and
Country Village, Palo Alto, and
at the San Jose Civic Auditorium
box office.
Red Skelton will appear in per
son in his musical variety revue,
"The Clown and the Baton,"j at
the San Jose Civic Auditorium.
Saturday, Oct. 25, at 7 and 9*30
p.m. David Rose and his 30- pifce
orchestra will also be featured'.
Tickets priced from $2.20''t0
$4.95 are now on sale at the Pe
ninsula Box Office, Town and
Country Village, Palo Alto, and
at the San Jose Civic Auditorium
box office.
Red Skelton will appear in per
son in his musical variety revue,
"The Clown and the Baton,"j at
the San Jose Civic Auditorium.
Saturday, Oct. 25, at 7 and 9*30
p.m. David Rose and his 30- pifce
orchestra will also be featured'.
Tickets priced from $2.20''t0
$4.95 are now on sale at the Pe
ninsula Box Office, Town and
Country Village, Palo Alto, and
at the San Jose Civic Auditorium
box office.
Red Skelton will appear in per
son in his musical variety revue,
"The Clown and the Baton,"j at
the San Jose Civic Auditorium.
Saturday, Oct. 25, at 7 and 9*30
p.m. David Rose and his 30- pifce
orchestra will also be featured'.
Tickets priced from $2.20''t0
$4.95 are now on sale at the Pe
ninsula Box Office, Town and
Country Village, Palo Alto, and
at the San Jose Civic Auditorium
box office.
Red Skelton will appear in per
son in his musical variety revue,
"The Clown and the Baton,"j at
the San Jose Civic Auditorium.
Saturday, Oct. 25, at 7 and 9*30
p.m. David Rose and his 30- pifce
orchestra will also be featured'.
Tickets priced from $2.20''t0
$4.95 are now on sale at the Pe
ninsula Box Office, Town and
Country Village, Palo Alto, and
at the San Jose Civic Auditorium
box office.
Red Skelton will appear in per
son in his musical variety revue,
"The Clown and the Baton,"j at
the San Jose Civic Auditorium.
Saturday, Oct. 25, at 7 and 9*30
p.m. David Rose and his 30- pifce
orchestra will also be featured'.
Tickets priced from $2.20''t0
$4.95 are now on sale at the Pe
ninsula Box Office, Town and
Country Village, Palo Alto, and
at the San Jose Civic Auditorium
box office.
Red Skelton will appear in per
son in his musical variety revue,
"The Clown and the Baton,"j at
the San Jose Civic Auditorium.
Saturday, Oct. 25, at 7 and 9*30
p.m. David Rose and his 30- pifce
orchestra will also be featured'.
Tickets priced from $2.20''t0
$4.95 are now on sale at the Pe
ninsula Box Office, Town and
Country Village, Palo Alto, and
at the San Jose Civic Auditorium
box office.
Red Skelton will appear in per
son in his musical variety revue,
"The Clown and the Baton,"j at
the San Jose Civic Auditorium.
Saturday, Oct. 25, at 7 and 9*30
p.m. David Rose and his 30- pifce
orchestra will also be featured'.
Tickets priced from $2.20''t0
$4.95 are now on sale at the Pe
ninsula Box Office, Town and
Country Village, Palo Alto, and
at the San Jose Civic Auditorium
box office.
