# WUS Plans Fund Drive
## 
### 
Plans are now being made by
living group chairmen and solici
tors for the World University
Service drive which begins Mon
day, Oct. 20.
An annual all-campus drive, the
World University Service funds
offer a program of self-help to
students in America and in for
eign countries.
Living group chairmen arc:
Carol Kerns, Florence Moore;
Marcia Shields, Union; Sally
Brannon, Women's Row; John
Rubin, Men's Row; Bill Aber
nathy, Doug Scribner, Stern; Val
F rakes, Eating Clubs; Kathy
Nies, Branner; Marilyn Perry,
Roble; Marny Small, Barbara
Norman, Lagunita.
Officers of the drive are Mike
Praetorius, president; Mart Has
tings, treasurer; and Pete Kopf,
lIR representative. Keith Torney
is ASSU Drives Commission
chairman.
