# COUNCIL DECREE
## 
### 
Anne Killefcr, chairman of (lie
Women's Council, announced yes
terday tlial there will not he a
non-quota late leave granted to
women for Washington's birthday.
Anne Killefcr, chairman of (lie
Women's Council, announced yes
terday tlial there will not he a
non-quota late leave granted to
women for Washington's birthday.
Anne Killefcr, chairman of (lie
Women's Council, announced yes
terday tlial there will not he a
non-quota late leave granted to
women for Washington's birthday.
Anne Killefcr, chairman of (lie
Women's Council, announced yes
terday tlial there will not he a
non-quota late leave granted to
women for Washington's birthday.
Anne Killefcr, chairman of (lie
Women's Council, announced yes
terday tlial there will not he a
non-quota late leave granted to
women for Washington's birthday.
Anne Killefcr, chairman of (lie
Women's Council, announced yes
terday tlial there will not he a
non-quota late leave granted to
women for Washington's birthday.
Anne Killefcr, chairman of (lie
Women's Council, announced yes
terday tlial there will not he a
non-quota late leave granted to
women for Washington's birthday.
Anne Killefcr, chairman of (lie
Women's Council, announced yes
terday tlial there will not he a
non-quota late leave granted to
women for Washington's birthday.
Anne Killefcr, chairman of (lie
Women's Council, announced yes
terday tlial there will not he a
non-quota late leave granted to
women for Washington's birthday.
Anne Killefcr, chairman of (lie
Women's Council, announced yes
terday tlial there will not he a
non-quota late leave granted to
women for Washington's birthday.
Anne Killefcr, chairman of (lie
Women's Council, announced yes
terday tlial there will not he a
non-quota late leave granted to
women for Washington's birthday.
Anne Killefcr, chairman of (lie
Women's Council, announced yes
terday tlial there will not he a
non-quota late leave granted to
women for Washington's birthday.
Anne Killefcr, chairman of (lie
Women's Council, announced yes
terday tlial there will not he a
non-quota late leave granted to
women for Washington's birthday.
Anne Killefcr, chairman of (lie
Women's Council, announced yes
terday tlial there will not he a
non-quota late leave granted to
women for Washington's birthday.
Anne Killefcr, chairman of (lie
Women's Council, announced yes
terday tlial there will not he a
non-quota late leave granted to
women for Washington's birthday.
Anne Killefcr, chairman of (lie
Women's Council, announced yes
terday tlial there will not he a
non-quota late leave granted to
women for Washington's birthday.
Anne Killefcr, chairman of (lie
Women's Council, announced yes
terday tlial there will not he a
non-quota late leave granted to
women for Washington's birthday.
Anne Killefcr, chairman of (lie
Women's Council, announced yes
terday tlial there will not he a
non-quota late leave granted to
women for Washington's birthday.
