# CLUB HEARS DR. PIERCE
## 
### 
The Stanford Pre-Medical Club
heard Dr. George Pierce speak Wed
nesday evening on plastic surgery.
Dr. Pierce is a member of the Na
tional Board of Plastic Surgery.
The Stanford Pre-Medical Club
heard Dr. George Pierce speak Wed
nesday evening on plastic surgery.
Dr. Pierce is a member of the Na
tional Board of Plastic Surgery.
The Stanford Pre-Medical Club
heard Dr. George Pierce speak Wed
nesday evening on plastic surgery.
Dr. Pierce is a member of the Na
tional Board of Plastic Surgery.
The Stanford Pre-Medical Club
heard Dr. George Pierce speak Wed
nesday evening on plastic surgery.
Dr. Pierce is a member of the Na
tional Board of Plastic Surgery.
The Stanford Pre-Medical Club
heard Dr. George Pierce speak Wed
nesday evening on plastic surgery.
Dr. Pierce is a member of the Na
tional Board of Plastic Surgery.
The Stanford Pre-Medical Club
heard Dr. George Pierce speak Wed
nesday evening on plastic surgery.
Dr. Pierce is a member of the Na
tional Board of Plastic Surgery.
The Stanford Pre-Medical Club
heard Dr. George Pierce speak Wed
nesday evening on plastic surgery.
Dr. Pierce is a member of the Na
tional Board of Plastic Surgery.
The Stanford Pre-Medical Club
heard Dr. George Pierce speak Wed
nesday evening on plastic surgery.
Dr. Pierce is a member of the Na
tional Board of Plastic Surgery.
The Stanford Pre-Medical Club
heard Dr. George Pierce speak Wed
nesday evening on plastic surgery.
Dr. Pierce is a member of the Na
tional Board of Plastic Surgery.
The Stanford Pre-Medical Club
heard Dr. George Pierce speak Wed
nesday evening on plastic surgery.
Dr. Pierce is a member of the Na
tional Board of Plastic Surgery.
The Stanford Pre-Medical Club
heard Dr. George Pierce speak Wed
nesday evening on plastic surgery.
Dr. Pierce is a member of the Na
tional Board of Plastic Surgery.
The Stanford Pre-Medical Club
heard Dr. George Pierce speak Wed
nesday evening on plastic surgery.
Dr. Pierce is a member of the Na
tional Board of Plastic Surgery.
The Stanford Pre-Medical Club
heard Dr. George Pierce speak Wed
nesday evening on plastic surgery.
Dr. Pierce is a member of the Na
tional Board of Plastic Surgery.
The Stanford Pre-Medical Club
heard Dr. George Pierce speak Wed
nesday evening on plastic surgery.
Dr. Pierce is a member of the Na
tional Board of Plastic Surgery.
The Stanford Pre-Medical Club
heard Dr. George Pierce speak Wed
nesday evening on plastic surgery.
Dr. Pierce is a member of the Na
tional Board of Plastic Surgery.
The Stanford Pre-Medical Club
heard Dr. George Pierce speak Wed
nesday evening on plastic surgery.
Dr. Pierce is a member of the Na
tional Board of Plastic Surgery.
The Stanford Pre-Medical Club
heard Dr. George Pierce speak Wed
nesday evening on plastic surgery.
Dr. Pierce is a member of the Na
tional Board of Plastic Surgery.
The Stanford Pre-Medical Club
heard Dr. George Pierce speak Wed
nesday evening on plastic surgery.
Dr. Pierce is a member of the Na
tional Board of Plastic Surgery.
