# OREGON PAY INCREASE
## 
### 
PORTLAND, Ore., Feb. 20 (UP).—
Belief that a new agreement provid
ing for pay increases for 2500 Ore
gon men employed in highway and
heavy construction industries will
be signed within a week was ex
pressed tonight by J. M. Scudder,
attorney for the Associated General
Contractors.
PORTLAND, Ore., Feb. 20 (UP).—
Belief that a new agreement provid
ing for pay increases for 2500 Ore
gon men employed in highway and
heavy construction industries will
be signed within a week was ex
pressed tonight by J. M. Scudder,
attorney for the Associated General
Contractors.
PORTLAND, Ore., Feb. 20 (UP).—
Belief that a new agreement provid
ing for pay increases for 2500 Ore
gon men employed in highway and
heavy construction industries will
be signed within a week was ex
pressed tonight by J. M. Scudder,
attorney for the Associated General
Contractors.
PORTLAND, Ore., Feb. 20 (UP).—
Belief that a new agreement provid
ing for pay increases for 2500 Ore
gon men employed in highway and
heavy construction industries will
be signed within a week was ex
pressed tonight by J. M. Scudder,
attorney for the Associated General
Contractors.
PORTLAND, Ore., Feb. 20 (UP).—
Belief that a new agreement provid
ing for pay increases for 2500 Ore
gon men employed in highway and
heavy construction industries will
be signed within a week was ex
pressed tonight by J. M. Scudder,
attorney for the Associated General
Contractors.
PORTLAND, Ore., Feb. 20 (UP).—
Belief that a new agreement provid
ing for pay increases for 2500 Ore
gon men employed in highway and
heavy construction industries will
be signed within a week was ex
pressed tonight by J. M. Scudder,
attorney for the Associated General
Contractors.
PORTLAND, Ore., Feb. 20 (UP).—
Belief that a new agreement provid
ing for pay increases for 2500 Ore
gon men employed in highway and
heavy construction industries will
be signed within a week was ex
pressed tonight by J. M. Scudder,
attorney for the Associated General
Contractors.
PORTLAND, Ore., Feb. 20 (UP).—
Belief that a new agreement provid
ing for pay increases for 2500 Ore
gon men employed in highway and
heavy construction industries will
be signed within a week was ex
pressed tonight by J. M. Scudder,
attorney for the Associated General
Contractors.
PORTLAND, Ore., Feb. 20 (UP).—
Belief that a new agreement provid
ing for pay increases for 2500 Ore
gon men employed in highway and
heavy construction industries will
be signed within a week was ex
pressed tonight by J. M. Scudder,
attorney for the Associated General
Contractors.
PORTLAND, Ore., Feb. 20 (UP).—
Belief that a new agreement provid
ing for pay increases for 2500 Ore
gon men employed in highway and
heavy construction industries will
be signed within a week was ex
pressed tonight by J. M. Scudder,
attorney for the Associated General
Contractors.
PORTLAND, Ore., Feb. 20 (UP).—
Belief that a new agreement provid
ing for pay increases for 2500 Ore
gon men employed in highway and
heavy construction industries will
be signed within a week was ex
pressed tonight by J. M. Scudder,
attorney for the Associated General
Contractors.
PORTLAND, Ore., Feb. 20 (UP).—
Belief that a new agreement provid
ing for pay increases for 2500 Ore
gon men employed in highway and
heavy construction industries will
be signed within a week was ex
pressed tonight by J. M. Scudder,
attorney for the Associated General
Contractors.
PORTLAND, Ore., Feb. 20 (UP).—
Belief that a new agreement provid
ing for pay increases for 2500 Ore
gon men employed in highway and
heavy construction industries will
be signed within a week was ex
pressed tonight by J. M. Scudder,
attorney for the Associated General
Contractors.
PORTLAND, Ore., Feb. 20 (UP).—
Belief that a new agreement provid
ing for pay increases for 2500 Ore
gon men employed in highway and
heavy construction industries will
be signed within a week was ex
pressed tonight by J. M. Scudder,
attorney for the Associated General
Contractors.
PORTLAND, Ore., Feb. 20 (UP).—
Belief that a new agreement provid
ing for pay increases for 2500 Ore
gon men employed in highway and
heavy construction industries will
be signed within a week was ex
pressed tonight by J. M. Scudder,
attorney for the Associated General
Contractors.
PORTLAND, Ore., Feb. 20 (UP).—
Belief that a new agreement provid
ing for pay increases for 2500 Ore
gon men employed in highway and
heavy construction industries will
be signed within a week was ex
pressed tonight by J. M. Scudder,
attorney for the Associated General
Contractors.
PORTLAND, Ore., Feb. 20 (UP).—
Belief that a new agreement provid
ing for pay increases for 2500 Ore
gon men employed in highway and
heavy construction industries will
be signed within a week was ex
pressed tonight by J. M. Scudder,
attorney for the Associated General
Contractors.
PORTLAND, Ore., Feb. 20 (UP).—
Belief that a new agreement provid
ing for pay increases for 2500 Ore
gon men employed in highway and
heavy construction industries will
be signed within a week was ex
pressed tonight by J. M. Scudder,
attorney for the Associated General
Contractors.
