# Japanese Club Elects President.
## 
### 
At a meeting of the Japanese
Students' Club, held recently, M.
Yoshimi resigned from the presi
dency of the club and F. Naka
mura was elected to succeed him.
At a meeting of the Japanese
Students' Club, held recently, M.
Yoshimi resigned from the presi
dency of the club and F. Naka
mura was elected to succeed him.
At a meeting of the Japanese
Students' Club, held recently, M.
Yoshimi resigned from the presi
dency of the club and F. Naka
mura was elected to succeed him.
At a meeting of the Japanese
Students' Club, held recently, M.
Yoshimi resigned from the presi
dency of the club and F. Naka
mura was elected to succeed him.
At a meeting of the Japanese
Students' Club, held recently, M.
Yoshimi resigned from the presi
dency of the club and F. Naka
mura was elected to succeed him.
At a meeting of the Japanese
Students' Club, held recently, M.
Yoshimi resigned from the presi
dency of the club and F. Naka
mura was elected to succeed him.
At a meeting of the Japanese
Students' Club, held recently, M.
Yoshimi resigned from the presi
dency of the club and F. Naka
mura was elected to succeed him.
At a meeting of the Japanese
Students' Club, held recently, M.
Yoshimi resigned from the presi
dency of the club and F. Naka
mura was elected to succeed him.
