# Burbank Praised by De Vries.
## 
### 
Hugo de Vries, the great Dutch
botanist and lecturer at the Univer
sity of Amsterdam, has recently
published a pamphlet appreciative
of the work that is being done by
Luther Burbank. Professor de Vries
delivered a series of lectures at the
summer session of the University of
California last July,and during the
six weeks of his stay in California
paid a visit to Burbank's botanical
gardens at Santa Rosa. At the time
Professor de Vries expressed him
self as being very deeply impressed
with Burbank's work, and in the
pamphlet which he has just pub
lished he lays it before his Euro
pean colleagues in terms of highest
praise. The pamphlet is at present
being translated by Dr. P. H. Ols
son-Seffer of the Botany depart
ment, and will soon be published.
Hugo de Vries, the great Dutch
botanist and lecturer at the Univer
sity of Amsterdam, has recently
published a pamphlet appreciative
of the work that is being done by
Luther Burbank. Professor de Vries
delivered a series of lectures at the
summer session of the University of
California last July,and during the
six weeks of his stay in California
paid a visit to Burbank's botanical
gardens at Santa Rosa. At the time
Professor de Vries expressed him
self as being very deeply impressed
with Burbank's work, and in the
pamphlet which he has just pub
lished he lays it before his Euro
pean colleagues in terms of highest
praise. The pamphlet is at present
being translated by Dr. P. H. Ols
son-Seffer of the Botany depart
ment, and will soon be published.
Hugo de Vries, the great Dutch
botanist and lecturer at the Univer
sity of Amsterdam, has recently
published a pamphlet appreciative
of the work that is being done by
Luther Burbank. Professor de Vries
delivered a series of lectures at the
summer session of the University of
California last July,and during the
six weeks of his stay in California
paid a visit to Burbank's botanical
gardens at Santa Rosa. At the time
Professor de Vries expressed him
self as being very deeply impressed
with Burbank's work, and in the
pamphlet which he has just pub
lished he lays it before his Euro
pean colleagues in terms of highest
praise. The pamphlet is at present
being translated by Dr. P. H. Ols
son-Seffer of the Botany depart
ment, and will soon be published.
Hugo de Vries, the great Dutch
botanist and lecturer at the Univer
sity of Amsterdam, has recently
published a pamphlet appreciative
of the work that is being done by
Luther Burbank. Professor de Vries
delivered a series of lectures at the
summer session of the University of
California last July,and during the
six weeks of his stay in California
paid a visit to Burbank's botanical
gardens at Santa Rosa. At the time
Professor de Vries expressed him
self as being very deeply impressed
with Burbank's work, and in the
pamphlet which he has just pub
lished he lays it before his Euro
pean colleagues in terms of highest
praise. The pamphlet is at present
being translated by Dr. P. H. Ols
son-Seffer of the Botany depart
ment, and will soon be published.
Hugo de Vries, the great Dutch
botanist and lecturer at the Univer
sity of Amsterdam, has recently
published a pamphlet appreciative
of the work that is being done by
Luther Burbank. Professor de Vries
delivered a series of lectures at the
summer session of the University of
California last July,and during the
six weeks of his stay in California
paid a visit to Burbank's botanical
gardens at Santa Rosa. At the time
Professor de Vries expressed him
self as being very deeply impressed
with Burbank's work, and in the
pamphlet which he has just pub
lished he lays it before his Euro
pean colleagues in terms of highest
praise. The pamphlet is at present
being translated by Dr. P. H. Ols
son-Seffer of the Botany depart
ment, and will soon be published.
Hugo de Vries, the great Dutch
botanist and lecturer at the Univer
sity of Amsterdam, has recently
published a pamphlet appreciative
of the work that is being done by
Luther Burbank. Professor de Vries
delivered a series of lectures at the
summer session of the University of
California last July,and during the
six weeks of his stay in California
paid a visit to Burbank's botanical
gardens at Santa Rosa. At the time
Professor de Vries expressed him
self as being very deeply impressed
with Burbank's work, and in the
pamphlet which he has just pub
lished he lays it before his Euro
pean colleagues in terms of highest
praise. The pamphlet is at present
being translated by Dr. P. H. Ols
son-Seffer of the Botany depart
ment, and will soon be published.
Hugo de Vries, the great Dutch
botanist and lecturer at the Univer
sity of Amsterdam, has recently
published a pamphlet appreciative
of the work that is being done by
Luther Burbank. Professor de Vries
delivered a series of lectures at the
summer session of the University of
California last July,and during the
six weeks of his stay in California
paid a visit to Burbank's botanical
gardens at Santa Rosa. At the time
Professor de Vries expressed him
self as being very deeply impressed
with Burbank's work, and in the
pamphlet which he has just pub
lished he lays it before his Euro
pean colleagues in terms of highest
praise. The pamphlet is at present
being translated by Dr. P. H. Ols
son-Seffer of the Botany depart
ment, and will soon be published.
Hugo de Vries, the great Dutch
botanist and lecturer at the Univer
sity of Amsterdam, has recently
published a pamphlet appreciative
of the work that is being done by
Luther Burbank. Professor de Vries
delivered a series of lectures at the
summer session of the University of
California last July,and during the
six weeks of his stay in California
paid a visit to Burbank's botanical
gardens at Santa Rosa. At the time
Professor de Vries expressed him
self as being very deeply impressed
with Burbank's work, and in the
pamphlet which he has just pub
lished he lays it before his Euro
pean colleagues in terms of highest
praise. The pamphlet is at present
being translated by Dr. P. H. Ols
son-Seffer of the Botany depart
ment, and will soon be published.
