# Quad Editor, Manager for 1935 Chosen
## Ev Moses, Chuck Fontius, Jane Humbird, Named To Head Annual Selections Approved by Ex Committee Last Night 
### 
The appointment of Everett Moses
as editor of the 1935 Quad, and
Chuck Fontius as business manager,
and Jane Humbird as managing edi--
tor was accepted by the Ex Com
mittee last night.
Moses and Miss Humbird were ap
pointed by Editor A1 Sadler on the
basis of outstanding work on this
year's annual. Chuck Fontius is the
first junior to receive the business
manager position which ordinarily
goes to a senior. Under a new merit
system he got his junior manager
appointment in his sophomore year.
In announcing his selection, Busi
ness Manager Hal Whitfield pointed
out the fact that Fontius obtained
a large majority of this year's ad
vertising accounts.
Other appointments passed in Ex
Committee meeting last night fol
lowing the approval of Publications
Council on Monday were as follows:
Editorial staff: junior editors,
Katherine Crommelin, Don Hanson,
Virginia King, and Charles Shepard;
photographer, Ernest Hartmann. The
editor named Ellis Dufficy as out
standing member of the freshman
tryoutees. He had twice the number
of points of his nearest competitor.
Business staff: junior managers,
Marjorie Cahn, Edward Maples,
Fiances Wheeler, and Robert Wright;
alternate junior managers, Barbara
Jane Kiegel and Phil Prescott.
The appointment of Everett Moses
as editor of the 1935 Quad, and
Chuck Fontius as business manager,
and Jane Humbird as managing edi--
tor was accepted by the Ex Com
mittee last night.
Moses and Miss Humbird were ap
pointed by Editor A1 Sadler on the
basis of outstanding work on this
year's annual. Chuck Fontius is the
first junior to receive the business
manager position which ordinarily
goes to a senior. Under a new merit
system he got his junior manager
appointment in his sophomore year.
In announcing his selection, Busi
ness Manager Hal Whitfield pointed
out the fact that Fontius obtained
a large majority of this year's ad
vertising accounts.
Other appointments passed in Ex
Committee meeting last night fol
lowing the approval of Publications
Council on Monday were as follows:
Editorial staff: junior editors,
Katherine Crommelin, Don Hanson,
Virginia King, and Charles Shepard;
photographer, Ernest Hartmann. The
editor named Ellis Dufficy as out
standing member of the freshman
tryoutees. He had twice the number
of points of his nearest competitor.
Business staff: junior managers,
Marjorie Cahn, Edward Maples,
Fiances Wheeler, and Robert Wright;
alternate junior managers, Barbara
Jane Kiegel and Phil Prescott.
The appointment of Everett Moses
as editor of the 1935 Quad, and
Chuck Fontius as business manager,
and Jane Humbird as managing edi--
tor was accepted by the Ex Com
mittee last night.
Moses and Miss Humbird were ap
pointed by Editor A1 Sadler on the
basis of outstanding work on this
year's annual. Chuck Fontius is the
first junior to receive the business
manager position which ordinarily
goes to a senior. Under a new merit
system he got his junior manager
appointment in his sophomore year.
In announcing his selection, Busi
ness Manager Hal Whitfield pointed
out the fact that Fontius obtained
a large majority of this year's ad
vertising accounts.
Other appointments passed in Ex
Committee meeting last night fol
lowing the approval of Publications
Council on Monday were as follows:
Editorial staff: junior editors,
Katherine Crommelin, Don Hanson,
Virginia King, and Charles Shepard;
photographer, Ernest Hartmann. The
editor named Ellis Dufficy as out
standing member of the freshman
tryoutees. He had twice the number
of points of his nearest competitor.
Business staff: junior managers,
Marjorie Cahn, Edward Maples,
Fiances Wheeler, and Robert Wright;
alternate junior managers, Barbara
Jane Kiegel and Phil Prescott.
The appointment of Everett Moses
as editor of the 1935 Quad, and
Chuck Fontius as business manager,
and Jane Humbird as managing edi--
tor was accepted by the Ex Com
mittee last night.
Moses and Miss Humbird were ap
pointed by Editor A1 Sadler on the
basis of outstanding work on this
year's annual. Chuck Fontius is the
first junior to receive the business
manager position which ordinarily
goes to a senior. Under a new merit
system he got his junior manager
appointment in his sophomore year.
In announcing his selection, Busi
ness Manager Hal Whitfield pointed
out the fact that Fontius obtained
a large majority of this year's ad
vertising accounts.
Other appointments passed in Ex
Committee meeting last night fol
lowing the approval of Publications
Council on Monday were as follows:
Editorial staff: junior editors,
Katherine Crommelin, Don Hanson,
Virginia King, and Charles Shepard;
photographer, Ernest Hartmann. The
editor named Ellis Dufficy as out
standing member of the freshman
tryoutees. He had twice the number
of points of his nearest competitor.
Business staff: junior managers,
Marjorie Cahn, Edward Maples,
Fiances Wheeler, and Robert Wright;
alternate junior managers, Barbara
Jane Kiegel and Phil Prescott.
The appointment of Everett Moses
as editor of the 1935 Quad, and
Chuck Fontius as business manager,
and Jane Humbird as managing edi--
tor was accepted by the Ex Com
mittee last night.
Moses and Miss Humbird were ap
pointed by Editor A1 Sadler on the
basis of outstanding work on this
year's annual. Chuck Fontius is the
first junior to receive the business
manager position which ordinarily
goes to a senior. Under a new merit
system he got his junior manager
appointment in his sophomore year.
In announcing his selection, Busi
ness Manager Hal Whitfield pointed
out the fact that Fontius obtained
a large majority of this year's ad
vertising accounts.
Other appointments passed in Ex
Committee meeting last night fol
lowing the approval of Publications
Council on Monday were as follows:
Editorial staff: junior editors,
Katherine Crommelin, Don Hanson,
Virginia King, and Charles Shepard;
photographer, Ernest Hartmann. The
editor named Ellis Dufficy as out
standing member of the freshman
tryoutees. He had twice the number
of points of his nearest competitor.
Business staff: junior managers,
Marjorie Cahn, Edward Maples,
Fiances Wheeler, and Robert Wright;
alternate junior managers, Barbara
Jane Kiegel and Phil Prescott.
The appointment of Everett Moses
as editor of the 1935 Quad, and
Chuck Fontius as business manager,
and Jane Humbird as managing edi--
tor was accepted by the Ex Com
mittee last night.
Moses and Miss Humbird were ap
pointed by Editor A1 Sadler on the
basis of outstanding work on this
year's annual. Chuck Fontius is the
first junior to receive the business
manager position which ordinarily
goes to a senior. Under a new merit
system he got his junior manager
appointment in his sophomore year.
In announcing his selection, Busi
ness Manager Hal Whitfield pointed
out the fact that Fontius obtained
a large majority of this year's ad
vertising accounts.
Other appointments passed in Ex
Committee meeting last night fol
lowing the approval of Publications
Council on Monday were as follows:
Editorial staff: junior editors,
Katherine Crommelin, Don Hanson,
Virginia King, and Charles Shepard;
photographer, Ernest Hartmann. The
editor named Ellis Dufficy as out
standing member of the freshman
tryoutees. He had twice the number
of points of his nearest competitor.
Business staff: junior managers,
Marjorie Cahn, Edward Maples,
Fiances Wheeler, and Robert Wright;
alternate junior managers, Barbara
Jane Kiegel and Phil Prescott.
The appointment of Everett Moses
as editor of the 1935 Quad, and
Chuck Fontius as business manager,
and Jane Humbird as managing edi--
tor was accepted by the Ex Com
mittee last night.
Moses and Miss Humbird were ap
pointed by Editor A1 Sadler on the
basis of outstanding work on this
year's annual. Chuck Fontius is the
first junior to receive the business
manager position which ordinarily
goes to a senior. Under a new merit
system he got his junior manager
appointment in his sophomore year.
In announcing his selection, Busi
ness Manager Hal Whitfield pointed
out the fact that Fontius obtained
a large majority of this year's ad
vertising accounts.
Other appointments passed in Ex
Committee meeting last night fol
lowing the approval of Publications
Council on Monday were as follows:
Editorial staff: junior editors,
Katherine Crommelin, Don Hanson,
Virginia King, and Charles Shepard;
photographer, Ernest Hartmann. The
editor named Ellis Dufficy as out
standing member of the freshman
tryoutees. He had twice the number
of points of his nearest competitor.
Business staff: junior managers,
Marjorie Cahn, Edward Maples,
Fiances Wheeler, and Robert Wright;
alternate junior managers, Barbara
Jane Kiegel and Phil Prescott.
The appointment of Everett Moses
as editor of the 1935 Quad, and
Chuck Fontius as business manager,
and Jane Humbird as managing edi--
tor was accepted by the Ex Com
mittee last night.
Moses and Miss Humbird were ap
pointed by Editor A1 Sadler on the
basis of outstanding work on this
year's annual. Chuck Fontius is the
first junior to receive the business
manager position which ordinarily
goes to a senior. Under a new merit
system he got his junior manager
appointment in his sophomore year.
In announcing his selection, Busi
ness Manager Hal Whitfield pointed
out the fact that Fontius obtained
a large majority of this year's ad
vertising accounts.
Other appointments passed in Ex
Committee meeting last night fol
lowing the approval of Publications
Council on Monday were as follows:
Editorial staff: junior editors,
Katherine Crommelin, Don Hanson,
Virginia King, and Charles Shepard;
photographer, Ernest Hartmann. The
editor named Ellis Dufficy as out
standing member of the freshman
tryoutees. He had twice the number
of points of his nearest competitor.
Business staff: junior managers,
Marjorie Cahn, Edward Maples,
Fiances Wheeler, and Robert Wright;
alternate junior managers, Barbara
Jane Kiegel and Phil Prescott.
The appointment of Everett Moses
as editor of the 1935 Quad, and
Chuck Fontius as business manager,
and Jane Humbird as managing edi--
tor was accepted by the Ex Com
mittee last night.
Moses and Miss Humbird were ap
pointed by Editor A1 Sadler on the
basis of outstanding work on this
year's annual. Chuck Fontius is the
first junior to receive the business
manager position which ordinarily
goes to a senior. Under a new merit
system he got his junior manager
appointment in his sophomore year.
In announcing his selection, Busi
ness Manager Hal Whitfield pointed
out the fact that Fontius obtained
a large majority of this year's ad
vertising accounts.
Other appointments passed in Ex
Committee meeting last night fol
lowing the approval of Publications
Council on Monday were as follows:
Editorial staff: junior editors,
Katherine Crommelin, Don Hanson,
Virginia King, and Charles Shepard;
photographer, Ernest Hartmann. The
editor named Ellis Dufficy as out
standing member of the freshman
tryoutees. He had twice the number
of points of his nearest competitor.
Business staff: junior managers,
Marjorie Cahn, Edward Maples,
Fiances Wheeler, and Robert Wright;
alternate junior managers, Barbara
Jane Kiegel and Phil Prescott.
The appointment of Everett Moses
as editor of the 1935 Quad, and
Chuck Fontius as business manager,
and Jane Humbird as managing edi--
tor was accepted by the Ex Com
mittee last night.
Moses and Miss Humbird were ap
pointed by Editor A1 Sadler on the
basis of outstanding work on this
year's annual. Chuck Fontius is the
first junior to receive the business
manager position which ordinarily
goes to a senior. Under a new merit
system he got his junior manager
appointment in his sophomore year.
In announcing his selection, Busi
ness Manager Hal Whitfield pointed
out the fact that Fontius obtained
a large majority of this year's ad
vertising accounts.
Other appointments passed in Ex
Committee meeting last night fol
lowing the approval of Publications
Council on Monday were as follows:
Editorial staff: junior editors,
Katherine Crommelin, Don Hanson,
Virginia King, and Charles Shepard;
photographer, Ernest Hartmann. The
editor named Ellis Dufficy as out
standing member of the freshman
tryoutees. He had twice the number
of points of his nearest competitor.
Business staff: junior managers,
Marjorie Cahn, Edward Maples,
Fiances Wheeler, and Robert Wright;
alternate junior managers, Barbara
Jane Kiegel and Phil Prescott.
The appointment of Everett Moses
as editor of the 1935 Quad, and
Chuck Fontius as business manager,
and Jane Humbird as managing edi--
tor was accepted by the Ex Com
mittee last night.
Moses and Miss Humbird were ap
pointed by Editor A1 Sadler on the
basis of outstanding work on this
year's annual. Chuck Fontius is the
first junior to receive the business
manager position which ordinarily
goes to a senior. Under a new merit
system he got his junior manager
appointment in his sophomore year.
In announcing his selection, Busi
ness Manager Hal Whitfield pointed
out the fact that Fontius obtained
a large majority of this year's ad
vertising accounts.
Other appointments passed in Ex
Committee meeting last night fol
lowing the approval of Publications
Council on Monday were as follows:
Editorial staff: junior editors,
Katherine Crommelin, Don Hanson,
Virginia King, and Charles Shepard;
photographer, Ernest Hartmann. The
editor named Ellis Dufficy as out
standing member of the freshman
tryoutees. He had twice the number
of points of his nearest competitor.
Business staff: junior managers,
Marjorie Cahn, Edward Maples,
Fiances Wheeler, and Robert Wright;
alternate junior managers, Barbara
Jane Kiegel and Phil Prescott.
The appointment of Everett Moses
as editor of the 1935 Quad, and
Chuck Fontius as business manager,
and Jane Humbird as managing edi--
tor was accepted by the Ex Com
mittee last night.
Moses and Miss Humbird were ap
pointed by Editor A1 Sadler on the
basis of outstanding work on this
year's annual. Chuck Fontius is the
first junior to receive the business
manager position which ordinarily
goes to a senior. Under a new merit
system he got his junior manager
appointment in his sophomore year.
In announcing his selection, Busi
ness Manager Hal Whitfield pointed
out the fact that Fontius obtained
a large majority of this year's ad
vertising accounts.
Other appointments passed in Ex
Committee meeting last night fol
lowing the approval of Publications
Council on Monday were as follows:
Editorial staff: junior editors,
Katherine Crommelin, Don Hanson,
Virginia King, and Charles Shepard;
photographer, Ernest Hartmann. The
editor named Ellis Dufficy as out
standing member of the freshman
tryoutees. He had twice the number
of points of his nearest competitor.
Business staff: junior managers,
Marjorie Cahn, Edward Maples,
Fiances Wheeler, and Robert Wright;
alternate junior managers, Barbara
Jane Kiegel and Phil Prescott.
The appointment of Everett Moses
as editor of the 1935 Quad, and
Chuck Fontius as business manager,
and Jane Humbird as managing edi--
tor was accepted by the Ex Com
mittee last night.
Moses and Miss Humbird were ap
pointed by Editor A1 Sadler on the
basis of outstanding work on this
year's annual. Chuck Fontius is the
first junior to receive the business
manager position which ordinarily
goes to a senior. Under a new merit
system he got his junior manager
appointment in his sophomore year.
In announcing his selection, Busi
ness Manager Hal Whitfield pointed
out the fact that Fontius obtained
a large majority of this year's ad
vertising accounts.
Other appointments passed in Ex
Committee meeting last night fol
lowing the approval of Publications
Council on Monday were as follows:
Editorial staff: junior editors,
Katherine Crommelin, Don Hanson,
Virginia King, and Charles Shepard;
photographer, Ernest Hartmann. The
editor named Ellis Dufficy as out
standing member of the freshman
tryoutees. He had twice the number
of points of his nearest competitor.
Business staff: junior managers,
Marjorie Cahn, Edward Maples,
Fiances Wheeler, and Robert Wright;
alternate junior managers, Barbara
Jane Kiegel and Phil Prescott.
The appointment of Everett Moses
as editor of the 1935 Quad, and
Chuck Fontius as business manager,
and Jane Humbird as managing edi--
tor was accepted by the Ex Com
mittee last night.
Moses and Miss Humbird were ap
pointed by Editor A1 Sadler on the
basis of outstanding work on this
year's annual. Chuck Fontius is the
first junior to receive the business
manager position which ordinarily
goes to a senior. Under a new merit
system he got his junior manager
appointment in his sophomore year.
In announcing his selection, Busi
ness Manager Hal Whitfield pointed
out the fact that Fontius obtained
a large majority of this year's ad
vertising accounts.
Other appointments passed in Ex
Committee meeting last night fol
lowing the approval of Publications
Council on Monday were as follows:
Editorial staff: junior editors,
Katherine Crommelin, Don Hanson,
Virginia King, and Charles Shepard;
photographer, Ernest Hartmann. The
editor named Ellis Dufficy as out
standing member of the freshman
tryoutees. He had twice the number
of points of his nearest competitor.
Business staff: junior managers,
Marjorie Cahn, Edward Maples,
Fiances Wheeler, and Robert Wright;
alternate junior managers, Barbara
Jane Kiegel and Phil Prescott.
The appointment of Everett Moses
as editor of the 1935 Quad, and
Chuck Fontius as business manager,
and Jane Humbird as managing edi--
tor was accepted by the Ex Com
mittee last night.
Moses and Miss Humbird were ap
pointed by Editor A1 Sadler on the
basis of outstanding work on this
year's annual. Chuck Fontius is the
first junior to receive the business
manager position which ordinarily
goes to a senior. Under a new merit
system he got his junior manager
appointment in his sophomore year.
In announcing his selection, Busi
ness Manager Hal Whitfield pointed
out the fact that Fontius obtained
a large majority of this year's ad
vertising accounts.
Other appointments passed in Ex
Committee meeting last night fol
lowing the approval of Publications
Council on Monday were as follows:
Editorial staff: junior editors,
Katherine Crommelin, Don Hanson,
Virginia King, and Charles Shepard;
photographer, Ernest Hartmann. The
editor named Ellis Dufficy as out
standing member of the freshman
tryoutees. He had twice the number
of points of his nearest competitor.
Business staff: junior managers,
Marjorie Cahn, Edward Maples,
Fiances Wheeler, and Robert Wright;
alternate junior managers, Barbara
Jane Kiegel and Phil Prescott.
