# Seawolf Surfaces
## 
### 
The atomic submarine Seawolf
surfaced Monday after a record
two months beneath the sea and
came home in glory. Her skipper
said she could have stayed down
twice as long.

Aluminum foil can be rolled so
thin that 12 sheets of it would
scarcely equal the thickness of a
human hair.
The atomic submarine Seawolf
surfaced Monday after a record
two months beneath the sea and
came home in glory. Her skipper
said she could have stayed down
twice as long.

Aluminum foil can be rolled so
thin that 12 sheets of it would
scarcely equal the thickness of a
human hair.
The atomic submarine Seawolf
surfaced Monday after a record
two months beneath the sea and
came home in glory. Her skipper
said she could have stayed down
twice as long.

Aluminum foil can be rolled so
thin that 12 sheets of it would
scarcely equal the thickness of a
human hair.
The atomic submarine Seawolf
surfaced Monday after a record
two months beneath the sea and
came home in glory. Her skipper
said she could have stayed down
twice as long.

Aluminum foil can be rolled so
thin that 12 sheets of it would
scarcely equal the thickness of a
human hair.
The atomic submarine Seawolf
surfaced Monday after a record
two months beneath the sea and
came home in glory. Her skipper
said she could have stayed down
twice as long.

Aluminum foil can be rolled so
thin that 12 sheets of it would
scarcely equal the thickness of a
human hair.
The atomic submarine Seawolf
surfaced Monday after a record
two months beneath the sea and
came home in glory. Her skipper
said she could have stayed down
twice as long.

Aluminum foil can be rolled so
thin that 12 sheets of it would
scarcely equal the thickness of a
human hair.
The atomic submarine Seawolf
surfaced Monday after a record
two months beneath the sea and
came home in glory. Her skipper
said she could have stayed down
twice as long.

Aluminum foil can be rolled so
thin that 12 sheets of it would
scarcely equal the thickness of a
human hair.
The atomic submarine Seawolf
surfaced Monday after a record
two months beneath the sea and
came home in glory. Her skipper
said she could have stayed down
twice as long.

Aluminum foil can be rolled so
thin that 12 sheets of it would
scarcely equal the thickness of a
human hair.
The atomic submarine Seawolf
surfaced Monday after a record
two months beneath the sea and
came home in glory. Her skipper
said she could have stayed down
twice as long.

Aluminum foil can be rolled so
thin that 12 sheets of it would
scarcely equal the thickness of a
human hair.
The atomic submarine Seawolf
surfaced Monday after a record
two months beneath the sea and
came home in glory. Her skipper
said she could have stayed down
twice as long.

Aluminum foil can be rolled so
thin that 12 sheets of it would
scarcely equal the thickness of a
human hair.
The atomic submarine Seawolf
surfaced Monday after a record
two months beneath the sea and
came home in glory. Her skipper
said she could have stayed down
twice as long.

Aluminum foil can be rolled so
thin that 12 sheets of it would
scarcely equal the thickness of a
human hair.
The atomic submarine Seawolf
surfaced Monday after a record
two months beneath the sea and
came home in glory. Her skipper
said she could have stayed down
twice as long.

Aluminum foil can be rolled so
thin that 12 sheets of it would
scarcely equal the thickness of a
human hair.
The atomic submarine Seawolf
surfaced Monday after a record
two months beneath the sea and
came home in glory. Her skipper
said she could have stayed down
twice as long.

Aluminum foil can be rolled so
thin that 12 sheets of it would
scarcely equal the thickness of a
human hair.
The atomic submarine Seawolf
surfaced Monday after a record
two months beneath the sea and
came home in glory. Her skipper
said she could have stayed down
twice as long.

Aluminum foil can be rolled so
thin that 12 sheets of it would
scarcely equal the thickness of a
human hair.
The atomic submarine Seawolf
surfaced Monday after a record
two months beneath the sea and
came home in glory. Her skipper
said she could have stayed down
twice as long.

Aluminum foil can be rolled so
thin that 12 sheets of it would
scarcely equal the thickness of a
human hair.
The atomic submarine Seawolf
surfaced Monday after a record
two months beneath the sea and
came home in glory. Her skipper
said she could have stayed down
twice as long.

Aluminum foil can be rolled so
thin that 12 sheets of it would
scarcely equal the thickness of a
human hair.
The atomic submarine Seawolf
surfaced Monday after a record
two months beneath the sea and
came home in glory. Her skipper
said she could have stayed down
twice as long.

Aluminum foil can be rolled so
thin that 12 sheets of it would
scarcely equal the thickness of a
human hair.
