# The 						Stanford Daily
## SPORT SCENE Meet the Cards 
### 
Wasn't even on th£ roster at
season's start, but has moved
quickly onto the traveling
squad. Williams has looked
good on pass defense, and also
shown well in open field run
ning against Northwestern with
excellent drive and shiftiness.
He's handicapped somewhat in
blocking and tight defensive
play since he weighs just 145.

After steadily -improving
showings in the opening three
games, Laeey had the misfor
tune to break a knee ligament
against Northwestern. He is
probably out for two weeks.
Transferred here from Stock
ton College, and will be back
next year. Was playing pri
marily on defense unit, which
will sorely miss his presence.

(Editor's Note: "Meet the Cards" appears each Tuesday, Wed
nesday and Thursday.)



TOM WILLIAMS
Halfback


LARRY LACEY
Guard
Wasn't even on th£ roster at
season's start, but has moved
quickly onto the traveling
squad. Williams has looked
good on pass defense, and also
shown well in open field run
ning against Northwestern with
excellent drive and shiftiness.
He's handicapped somewhat in
blocking and tight defensive
play since he weighs just 145.

After steadily -improving
showings in the opening three
games, Laeey had the misfor
tune to break a knee ligament
against Northwestern. He is
probably out for two weeks.
Transferred here from Stock
ton College, and will be back
next year. Was playing pri
marily on defense unit, which
will sorely miss his presence.

(Editor's Note: "Meet the Cards" appears each Tuesday, Wed
nesday and Thursday.)



TOM WILLIAMS
Halfback


LARRY LACEY
Guard
Wasn't even on th£ roster at
season's start, but has moved
quickly onto the traveling
squad. Williams has looked
good on pass defense, and also
shown well in open field run
ning against Northwestern with
excellent drive and shiftiness.
He's handicapped somewhat in
blocking and tight defensive
play since he weighs just 145.

After steadily -improving
showings in the opening three
games, Laeey had the misfor
tune to break a knee ligament
against Northwestern. He is
probably out for two weeks.
Transferred here from Stock
ton College, and will be back
next year. Was playing pri
marily on defense unit, which
will sorely miss his presence.

(Editor's Note: "Meet the Cards" appears each Tuesday, Wed
nesday and Thursday.)



TOM WILLIAMS
Halfback


LARRY LACEY
Guard
Wasn't even on th£ roster at
season's start, but has moved
quickly onto the traveling
squad. Williams has looked
good on pass defense, and also
shown well in open field run
ning against Northwestern with
excellent drive and shiftiness.
He's handicapped somewhat in
blocking and tight defensive
play since he weighs just 145.

After steadily -improving
showings in the opening three
games, Laeey had the misfor
tune to break a knee ligament
against Northwestern. He is
probably out for two weeks.
Transferred here from Stock
ton College, and will be back
next year. Was playing pri
marily on defense unit, which
will sorely miss his presence.

(Editor's Note: "Meet the Cards" appears each Tuesday, Wed
nesday and Thursday.)



TOM WILLIAMS
Halfback


LARRY LACEY
Guard
Wasn't even on th£ roster at
season's start, but has moved
quickly onto the traveling
squad. Williams has looked
good on pass defense, and also
shown well in open field run
ning against Northwestern with
excellent drive and shiftiness.
He's handicapped somewhat in
blocking and tight defensive
play since he weighs just 145.

After steadily -improving
showings in the opening three
games, Laeey had the misfor
tune to break a knee ligament
against Northwestern. He is
probably out for two weeks.
Transferred here from Stock
ton College, and will be back
next year. Was playing pri
marily on defense unit, which
will sorely miss his presence.

(Editor's Note: "Meet the Cards" appears each Tuesday, Wed
nesday and Thursday.)



TOM WILLIAMS
Halfback


LARRY LACEY
Guard
Wasn't even on th£ roster at
season's start, but has moved
quickly onto the traveling
squad. Williams has looked
good on pass defense, and also
shown well in open field run
ning against Northwestern with
excellent drive and shiftiness.
He's handicapped somewhat in
blocking and tight defensive
play since he weighs just 145.

After steadily -improving
showings in the opening three
games, Laeey had the misfor
tune to break a knee ligament
against Northwestern. He is
probably out for two weeks.
Transferred here from Stock
ton College, and will be back
next year. Was playing pri
marily on defense unit, which
will sorely miss his presence.

(Editor's Note: "Meet the Cards" appears each Tuesday, Wed
nesday and Thursday.)



TOM WILLIAMS
Halfback


LARRY LACEY
Guard
Wasn't even on th£ roster at
season's start, but has moved
quickly onto the traveling
squad. Williams has looked
good on pass defense, and also
shown well in open field run
ning against Northwestern with
excellent drive and shiftiness.
He's handicapped somewhat in
blocking and tight defensive
play since he weighs just 145.

After steadily -improving
showings in the opening three
games, Laeey had the misfor
tune to break a knee ligament
against Northwestern. He is
probably out for two weeks.
Transferred here from Stock
ton College, and will be back
next year. Was playing pri
marily on defense unit, which
will sorely miss his presence.

(Editor's Note: "Meet the Cards" appears each Tuesday, Wed
nesday and Thursday.)



TOM WILLIAMS
Halfback


LARRY LACEY
Guard
Wasn't even on th£ roster at
season's start, but has moved
quickly onto the traveling
squad. Williams has looked
good on pass defense, and also
shown well in open field run
ning against Northwestern with
excellent drive and shiftiness.
He's handicapped somewhat in
blocking and tight defensive
play since he weighs just 145.

After steadily -improving
showings in the opening three
games, Laeey had the misfor
tune to break a knee ligament
against Northwestern. He is
probably out for two weeks.
Transferred here from Stock
ton College, and will be back
next year. Was playing pri
marily on defense unit, which
will sorely miss his presence.

(Editor's Note: "Meet the Cards" appears each Tuesday, Wed
nesday and Thursday.)



TOM WILLIAMS
Halfback


LARRY LACEY
Guard
Wasn't even on th£ roster at
season's start, but has moved
quickly onto the traveling
squad. Williams has looked
good on pass defense, and also
shown well in open field run
ning against Northwestern with
excellent drive and shiftiness.
He's handicapped somewhat in
blocking and tight defensive
play since he weighs just 145.

After steadily -improving
showings in the opening three
games, Laeey had the misfor
tune to break a knee ligament
against Northwestern. He is
probably out for two weeks.
Transferred here from Stock
ton College, and will be back
next year. Was playing pri
marily on defense unit, which
will sorely miss his presence.

(Editor's Note: "Meet the Cards" appears each Tuesday, Wed
nesday and Thursday.)



TOM WILLIAMS
Halfback


LARRY LACEY
Guard
Wasn't even on th£ roster at
season's start, but has moved
quickly onto the traveling
squad. Williams has looked
good on pass defense, and also
shown well in open field run
ning against Northwestern with
excellent drive and shiftiness.
He's handicapped somewhat in
blocking and tight defensive
play since he weighs just 145.

After steadily -improving
showings in the opening three
games, Laeey had the misfor
tune to break a knee ligament
against Northwestern. He is
probably out for two weeks.
Transferred here from Stock
ton College, and will be back
next year. Was playing pri
marily on defense unit, which
will sorely miss his presence.

(Editor's Note: "Meet the Cards" appears each Tuesday, Wed
nesday and Thursday.)



TOM WILLIAMS
Halfback


LARRY LACEY
Guard
Wasn't even on th£ roster at
season's start, but has moved
quickly onto the traveling
squad. Williams has looked
good on pass defense, and also
shown well in open field run
ning against Northwestern with
excellent drive and shiftiness.
He's handicapped somewhat in
blocking and tight defensive
play since he weighs just 145.

After steadily -improving
showings in the opening three
games, Laeey had the misfor
tune to break a knee ligament
against Northwestern. He is
probably out for two weeks.
Transferred here from Stock
ton College, and will be back
next year. Was playing pri
marily on defense unit, which
will sorely miss his presence.

(Editor's Note: "Meet the Cards" appears each Tuesday, Wed
nesday and Thursday.)



TOM WILLIAMS
Halfback


LARRY LACEY
Guard
Wasn't even on th£ roster at
season's start, but has moved
quickly onto the traveling
squad. Williams has looked
good on pass defense, and also
shown well in open field run
ning against Northwestern with
excellent drive and shiftiness.
He's handicapped somewhat in
blocking and tight defensive
play since he weighs just 145.

After steadily -improving
showings in the opening three
games, Laeey had the misfor
tune to break a knee ligament
against Northwestern. He is
probably out for two weeks.
Transferred here from Stock
ton College, and will be back
next year. Was playing pri
marily on defense unit, which
will sorely miss his presence.

(Editor's Note: "Meet the Cards" appears each Tuesday, Wed
nesday and Thursday.)



TOM WILLIAMS
Halfback


LARRY LACEY
Guard
Wasn't even on th£ roster at
season's start, but has moved
quickly onto the traveling
squad. Williams has looked
good on pass defense, and also
shown well in open field run
ning against Northwestern with
excellent drive and shiftiness.
He's handicapped somewhat in
blocking and tight defensive
play since he weighs just 145.

After steadily -improving
showings in the opening three
games, Laeey had the misfor
tune to break a knee ligament
against Northwestern. He is
probably out for two weeks.
Transferred here from Stock
ton College, and will be back
next year. Was playing pri
marily on defense unit, which
will sorely miss his presence.

(Editor's Note: "Meet the Cards" appears each Tuesday, Wed
nesday and Thursday.)



TOM WILLIAMS
Halfback


LARRY LACEY
Guard
Wasn't even on th£ roster at
season's start, but has moved
quickly onto the traveling
squad. Williams has looked
good on pass defense, and also
shown well in open field run
ning against Northwestern with
excellent drive and shiftiness.
He's handicapped somewhat in
blocking and tight defensive
play since he weighs just 145.

After steadily -improving
showings in the opening three
games, Laeey had the misfor
tune to break a knee ligament
against Northwestern. He is
probably out for two weeks.
Transferred here from Stock
ton College, and will be back
next year. Was playing pri
marily on defense unit, which
will sorely miss his presence.

(Editor's Note: "Meet the Cards" appears each Tuesday, Wed
nesday and Thursday.)



TOM WILLIAMS
Halfback


LARRY LACEY
Guard
Wasn't even on th£ roster at
season's start, but has moved
quickly onto the traveling
squad. Williams has looked
good on pass defense, and also
shown well in open field run
ning against Northwestern with
excellent drive and shiftiness.
He's handicapped somewhat in
blocking and tight defensive
play since he weighs just 145.

After steadily -improving
showings in the opening three
games, Laeey had the misfor
tune to break a knee ligament
against Northwestern. He is
probably out for two weeks.
Transferred here from Stock
ton College, and will be back
next year. Was playing pri
marily on defense unit, which
will sorely miss his presence.

(Editor's Note: "Meet the Cards" appears each Tuesday, Wed
nesday and Thursday.)



TOM WILLIAMS
Halfback


LARRY LACEY
Guard
Wasn't even on th£ roster at
season's start, but has moved
quickly onto the traveling
squad. Williams has looked
good on pass defense, and also
shown well in open field run
ning against Northwestern with
excellent drive and shiftiness.
He's handicapped somewhat in
blocking and tight defensive
play since he weighs just 145.

After steadily -improving
showings in the opening three
games, Laeey had the misfor
tune to break a knee ligament
against Northwestern. He is
probably out for two weeks.
Transferred here from Stock
ton College, and will be back
next year. Was playing pri
marily on defense unit, which
will sorely miss his presence.

(Editor's Note: "Meet the Cards" appears each Tuesday, Wed
nesday and Thursday.)



TOM WILLIAMS
Halfback


LARRY LACEY
Guard
Wasn't even on th£ roster at
season's start, but has moved
quickly onto the traveling
squad. Williams has looked
good on pass defense, and also
shown well in open field run
ning against Northwestern with
excellent drive and shiftiness.
He's handicapped somewhat in
blocking and tight defensive
play since he weighs just 145.

After steadily -improving
showings in the opening three
games, Laeey had the misfor
tune to break a knee ligament
against Northwestern. He is
probably out for two weeks.
Transferred here from Stock
ton College, and will be back
next year. Was playing pri
marily on defense unit, which
will sorely miss his presence.

(Editor's Note: "Meet the Cards" appears each Tuesday, Wed
nesday and Thursday.)



TOM WILLIAMS
Halfback


LARRY LACEY
Guard
