# New Vespers Begin Tonight
## 
### 
A new opportunity for worship
is being offered students and fac
ulty tonight at 9:30 at Memorial
Church in the form of the first
Vesper Service. The half • hour
service will he a more formal one
than the Candlelight Service on
Wednesday evening and will fea
ture more audience participation.
Patterned after the traditional
vesper service as represented in
the worship of the more liturgi
cal churches, such as the Luther
an and Episcopal denominations,
it will have a printed ofder of
worship.
The Vesper Service, like the
Candlelight, will be conducted by
students. Anyone interested in
assisting is invited to drop by the
Memorial Church office, said the
Rev. Robert M. Minto, chaplain.
A new opportunity for worship
is being offered students and fac
ulty tonight at 9:30 at Memorial
Church in the form of the first
Vesper Service. The half • hour
service will he a more formal one
than the Candlelight Service on
Wednesday evening and will fea
ture more audience participation.
Patterned after the traditional
vesper service as represented in
the worship of the more liturgi
cal churches, such as the Luther
an and Episcopal denominations,
it will have a printed ofder of
worship.
The Vesper Service, like the
Candlelight, will be conducted by
students. Anyone interested in
assisting is invited to drop by the
Memorial Church office, said the
Rev. Robert M. Minto, chaplain.
A new opportunity for worship
is being offered students and fac
ulty tonight at 9:30 at Memorial
Church in the form of the first
Vesper Service. The half • hour
service will he a more formal one
than the Candlelight Service on
Wednesday evening and will fea
ture more audience participation.
Patterned after the traditional
vesper service as represented in
the worship of the more liturgi
cal churches, such as the Luther
an and Episcopal denominations,
it will have a printed ofder of
worship.
The Vesper Service, like the
Candlelight, will be conducted by
students. Anyone interested in
assisting is invited to drop by the
Memorial Church office, said the
Rev. Robert M. Minto, chaplain.
A new opportunity for worship
is being offered students and fac
ulty tonight at 9:30 at Memorial
Church in the form of the first
Vesper Service. The half • hour
service will he a more formal one
than the Candlelight Service on
Wednesday evening and will fea
ture more audience participation.
Patterned after the traditional
vesper service as represented in
the worship of the more liturgi
cal churches, such as the Luther
an and Episcopal denominations,
it will have a printed ofder of
worship.
The Vesper Service, like the
Candlelight, will be conducted by
students. Anyone interested in
assisting is invited to drop by the
Memorial Church office, said the
Rev. Robert M. Minto, chaplain.
A new opportunity for worship
is being offered students and fac
ulty tonight at 9:30 at Memorial
Church in the form of the first
Vesper Service. The half • hour
service will he a more formal one
than the Candlelight Service on
Wednesday evening and will fea
ture more audience participation.
Patterned after the traditional
vesper service as represented in
the worship of the more liturgi
cal churches, such as the Luther
an and Episcopal denominations,
it will have a printed ofder of
worship.
The Vesper Service, like the
Candlelight, will be conducted by
students. Anyone interested in
assisting is invited to drop by the
Memorial Church office, said the
Rev. Robert M. Minto, chaplain.
A new opportunity for worship
is being offered students and fac
ulty tonight at 9:30 at Memorial
Church in the form of the first
Vesper Service. The half • hour
service will he a more formal one
than the Candlelight Service on
Wednesday evening and will fea
ture more audience participation.
Patterned after the traditional
vesper service as represented in
the worship of the more liturgi
cal churches, such as the Luther
an and Episcopal denominations,
it will have a printed ofder of
worship.
The Vesper Service, like the
Candlelight, will be conducted by
students. Anyone interested in
assisting is invited to drop by the
Memorial Church office, said the
Rev. Robert M. Minto, chaplain.
A new opportunity for worship
is being offered students and fac
ulty tonight at 9:30 at Memorial
Church in the form of the first
Vesper Service. The half • hour
service will he a more formal one
than the Candlelight Service on
Wednesday evening and will fea
ture more audience participation.
Patterned after the traditional
vesper service as represented in
the worship of the more liturgi
cal churches, such as the Luther
an and Episcopal denominations,
it will have a printed ofder of
worship.
The Vesper Service, like the
Candlelight, will be conducted by
students. Anyone interested in
assisting is invited to drop by the
Memorial Church office, said the
Rev. Robert M. Minto, chaplain.
A new opportunity for worship
is being offered students and fac
ulty tonight at 9:30 at Memorial
Church in the form of the first
Vesper Service. The half • hour
service will he a more formal one
than the Candlelight Service on
Wednesday evening and will fea
ture more audience participation.
Patterned after the traditional
vesper service as represented in
the worship of the more liturgi
cal churches, such as the Luther
an and Episcopal denominations,
it will have a printed ofder of
worship.
The Vesper Service, like the
Candlelight, will be conducted by
students. Anyone interested in
assisting is invited to drop by the
Memorial Church office, said the
Rev. Robert M. Minto, chaplain.
A new opportunity for worship
is being offered students and fac
ulty tonight at 9:30 at Memorial
Church in the form of the first
Vesper Service. The half • hour
service will he a more formal one
than the Candlelight Service on
Wednesday evening and will fea
ture more audience participation.
Patterned after the traditional
vesper service as represented in
the worship of the more liturgi
cal churches, such as the Luther
an and Episcopal denominations,
it will have a printed ofder of
worship.
The Vesper Service, like the
Candlelight, will be conducted by
students. Anyone interested in
assisting is invited to drop by the
Memorial Church office, said the
Rev. Robert M. Minto, chaplain.
A new opportunity for worship
is being offered students and fac
ulty tonight at 9:30 at Memorial
Church in the form of the first
Vesper Service. The half • hour
service will he a more formal one
than the Candlelight Service on
Wednesday evening and will fea
ture more audience participation.
Patterned after the traditional
vesper service as represented in
the worship of the more liturgi
cal churches, such as the Luther
an and Episcopal denominations,
it will have a printed ofder of
worship.
The Vesper Service, like the
Candlelight, will be conducted by
students. Anyone interested in
assisting is invited to drop by the
Memorial Church office, said the
Rev. Robert M. Minto, chaplain.
A new opportunity for worship
is being offered students and fac
ulty tonight at 9:30 at Memorial
Church in the form of the first
Vesper Service. The half • hour
service will he a more formal one
than the Candlelight Service on
Wednesday evening and will fea
ture more audience participation.
Patterned after the traditional
vesper service as represented in
the worship of the more liturgi
cal churches, such as the Luther
an and Episcopal denominations,
it will have a printed ofder of
worship.
The Vesper Service, like the
Candlelight, will be conducted by
students. Anyone interested in
assisting is invited to drop by the
Memorial Church office, said the
Rev. Robert M. Minto, chaplain.
A new opportunity for worship
is being offered students and fac
ulty tonight at 9:30 at Memorial
Church in the form of the first
Vesper Service. The half • hour
service will he a more formal one
than the Candlelight Service on
Wednesday evening and will fea
ture more audience participation.
Patterned after the traditional
vesper service as represented in
the worship of the more liturgi
cal churches, such as the Luther
an and Episcopal denominations,
it will have a printed ofder of
worship.
The Vesper Service, like the
Candlelight, will be conducted by
students. Anyone interested in
assisting is invited to drop by the
Memorial Church office, said the
Rev. Robert M. Minto, chaplain.
A new opportunity for worship
is being offered students and fac
ulty tonight at 9:30 at Memorial
Church in the form of the first
Vesper Service. The half • hour
service will he a more formal one
than the Candlelight Service on
Wednesday evening and will fea
ture more audience participation.
Patterned after the traditional
vesper service as represented in
the worship of the more liturgi
cal churches, such as the Luther
an and Episcopal denominations,
it will have a printed ofder of
worship.
The Vesper Service, like the
Candlelight, will be conducted by
students. Anyone interested in
assisting is invited to drop by the
Memorial Church office, said the
Rev. Robert M. Minto, chaplain.
A new opportunity for worship
is being offered students and fac
ulty tonight at 9:30 at Memorial
Church in the form of the first
Vesper Service. The half • hour
service will he a more formal one
than the Candlelight Service on
Wednesday evening and will fea
ture more audience participation.
Patterned after the traditional
vesper service as represented in
the worship of the more liturgi
cal churches, such as the Luther
an and Episcopal denominations,
it will have a printed ofder of
worship.
The Vesper Service, like the
Candlelight, will be conducted by
students. Anyone interested in
assisting is invited to drop by the
Memorial Church office, said the
Rev. Robert M. Minto, chaplain.
A new opportunity for worship
is being offered students and fac
ulty tonight at 9:30 at Memorial
Church in the form of the first
Vesper Service. The half • hour
service will he a more formal one
than the Candlelight Service on
Wednesday evening and will fea
ture more audience participation.
Patterned after the traditional
vesper service as represented in
the worship of the more liturgi
cal churches, such as the Luther
an and Episcopal denominations,
it will have a printed ofder of
worship.
The Vesper Service, like the
Candlelight, will be conducted by
students. Anyone interested in
assisting is invited to drop by the
Memorial Church office, said the
Rev. Robert M. Minto, chaplain.
A new opportunity for worship
is being offered students and fac
ulty tonight at 9:30 at Memorial
Church in the form of the first
Vesper Service. The half • hour
service will he a more formal one
than the Candlelight Service on
Wednesday evening and will fea
ture more audience participation.
Patterned after the traditional
vesper service as represented in
the worship of the more liturgi
cal churches, such as the Luther
an and Episcopal denominations,
it will have a printed ofder of
worship.
The Vesper Service, like the
Candlelight, will be conducted by
students. Anyone interested in
assisting is invited to drop by the
Memorial Church office, said the
Rev. Robert M. Minto, chaplain.
A new opportunity for worship
is being offered students and fac
ulty tonight at 9:30 at Memorial
Church in the form of the first
Vesper Service. The half • hour
service will he a more formal one
than the Candlelight Service on
Wednesday evening and will fea
ture more audience participation.
Patterned after the traditional
vesper service as represented in
the worship of the more liturgi
cal churches, such as the Luther
an and Episcopal denominations,
it will have a printed ofder of
worship.
The Vesper Service, like the
Candlelight, will be conducted by
students. Anyone interested in
assisting is invited to drop by the
Memorial Church office, said the
Rev. Robert M. Minto, chaplain.
