# Editors Comment On Ike's Decision
## 
### 
Newspaper editorial writers
greoled Pre.vJdenl Eisenhower's
decision Tuesday to order fed
eral troops into Little Itoek
with mixed reactions ranging
from outright approval to
strongly worded censure.
Editorial comment included:
Mobile Press: "Sacrificed,
ignored, trampled â€” the rights
of a sovereign state!"
Daylona Beach Morn in n
Journal: "In ordering the Ar
kansas National Guard into
federal service to uphold the
law of the land, President Ei
senhower lias done only what
Governor Faubus and the seg
regation extremists in Little
Rock forced him to do."
