# Sport Meetings Announced by DA
## 
### 
TODAY
Intraniurals: 4:30 p.m., room
47 of the Department of Athletics
Building. All athletic managers
should be present to organize
leagues for the 1957-58 year.
Baseball: 7:30 p.m., 499 m 47 of
the Department of Athletics Build
ing. All frosh and varsity pros
pects invited.
Crew: 7:30 p.m., room 334, Ge
ology Corner. For both frosh and
varsity candidates.
TOMORROW
Basketball: 4:30 p.m., second
floor of Department of Athletics
Building. Frosh only.
Basketball manager: 4:30 p.m.,
second floor of Department of
Athletics Building. Those inter
ested in managing during the
1957-58 school year are welcome
to come.
MONDAY
Track: 4 p.m., track room of
Department of Athletics Building.
All frosh and varsity candidates.
Basketball: 4:30 p.m., second
floor of BAC. Varsity candidates.
