# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Tlicsc arc the facilities which will house Stanford .vludents at
the first study center to be established hy an American university
io Europe. The new Stanford Study Center is located on a beauti
ful HO acre site overlooking; a river valley at Beutelsbach, 12 miles

from Stuttgart. The anticipated opening' (late is .June, 1958. On
t!ie left is pictured the classroom building which will accommodate
60 to 80 students on the main floor, 30 <• indents in a basement
classroom and staff offices. The entire location (center) shows

(lie New House at the far right with dormitory facilities for 1(J
to 18 students. Next to it is s«»i'ii the Little House for 12 to It
persons. The Bur House which will houv.? more students is shown
middle left with the classrooms at the far left. On the right is

seen a elosetip of the Big House with room for 30 students. Attn
remodeling by the University the houses will be equal to all but
the newest campus dorms. Student*' will be selected for the pro
gram from regularly enrolled Stanford students.



Tlicsc arc the facilities which will house Stanford .vludents at
the first study center to be established hy an American university
io Europe. The new Stanford Study Center is located on a beauti
ful HO acre site overlooking; a river valley at Beutelsbach, 12 miles

from Stuttgart. The anticipated opening' (late is .June, 1958. On
t!ie left is pictured the classroom building which will accommodate
60 to 80 students on the main floor, 30 <• indents in a basement
classroom and staff offices. The entire location (center) shows

(lie New House at the far right with dormitory facilities for 1(J
to 18 students. Next to it is s«»i'ii the Little House for 12 to It
persons. The Bur House which will houv.? more students is shown
middle left with the classrooms at the far left. On the right is

seen a elosetip of the Big House with room for 30 students. Attn
remodeling by the University the houses will be equal to all but
the newest campus dorms. Student*' will be selected for the pro
gram from regularly enrolled Stanford students.



Tlicsc arc the facilities which will house Stanford .vludents at
the first study center to be established hy an American university
io Europe. The new Stanford Study Center is located on a beauti
ful HO acre site overlooking; a river valley at Beutelsbach, 12 miles

from Stuttgart. The anticipated opening' (late is .June, 1958. On
t!ie left is pictured the classroom building which will accommodate
60 to 80 students on the main floor, 30 <• indents in a basement
classroom and staff offices. The entire location (center) shows

(lie New House at the far right with dormitory facilities for 1(J
to 18 students. Next to it is s«»i'ii the Little House for 12 to It
persons. The Bur House which will houv.? more students is shown
middle left with the classrooms at the far left. On the right is

seen a elosetip of the Big House with room for 30 students. Attn
remodeling by the University the houses will be equal to all but
the newest campus dorms. Student*' will be selected for the pro
gram from regularly enrolled Stanford students.



Tlicsc arc the facilities which will house Stanford .vludents at
the first study center to be established hy an American university
io Europe. The new Stanford Study Center is located on a beauti
ful HO acre site overlooking; a river valley at Beutelsbach, 12 miles

from Stuttgart. The anticipated opening' (late is .June, 1958. On
t!ie left is pictured the classroom building which will accommodate
60 to 80 students on the main floor, 30 <• indents in a basement
classroom and staff offices. The entire location (center) shows

(lie New House at the far right with dormitory facilities for 1(J
to 18 students. Next to it is s«»i'ii the Little House for 12 to It
persons. The Bur House which will houv.? more students is shown
middle left with the classrooms at the far left. On the right is

seen a elosetip of the Big House with room for 30 students. Attn
remodeling by the University the houses will be equal to all but
the newest campus dorms. Student*' will be selected for the pro
gram from regularly enrolled Stanford students.



Tlicsc arc the facilities which will house Stanford .vludents at
the first study center to be established hy an American university
io Europe. The new Stanford Study Center is located on a beauti
ful HO acre site overlooking; a river valley at Beutelsbach, 12 miles

from Stuttgart. The anticipated opening' (late is .June, 1958. On
t!ie left is pictured the classroom building which will accommodate
60 to 80 students on the main floor, 30 <• indents in a basement
classroom and staff offices. The entire location (center) shows

(lie New House at the far right with dormitory facilities for 1(J
to 18 students. Next to it is s«»i'ii the Little House for 12 to It
persons. The Bur House which will houv.? more students is shown
middle left with the classrooms at the far left. On the right is

seen a elosetip of the Big House with room for 30 students. Attn
remodeling by the University the houses will be equal to all but
the newest campus dorms. Student*' will be selected for the pro
gram from regularly enrolled Stanford students.



Tlicsc arc the facilities which will house Stanford .vludents at
the first study center to be established hy an American university
io Europe. The new Stanford Study Center is located on a beauti
ful HO acre site overlooking; a river valley at Beutelsbach, 12 miles

from Stuttgart. The anticipated opening' (late is .June, 1958. On
t!ie left is pictured the classroom building which will accommodate
60 to 80 students on the main floor, 30 <• indents in a basement
classroom and staff offices. The entire location (center) shows

(lie New House at the far right with dormitory facilities for 1(J
to 18 students. Next to it is s«»i'ii the Little House for 12 to It
persons. The Bur House which will houv.? more students is shown
middle left with the classrooms at the far left. On the right is

seen a elosetip of the Big House with room for 30 students. Attn
remodeling by the University the houses will be equal to all but
the newest campus dorms. Student*' will be selected for the pro
gram from regularly enrolled Stanford students.



Tlicsc arc the facilities which will house Stanford .vludents at
the first study center to be established hy an American university
io Europe. The new Stanford Study Center is located on a beauti
ful HO acre site overlooking; a river valley at Beutelsbach, 12 miles

from Stuttgart. The anticipated opening' (late is .June, 1958. On
t!ie left is pictured the classroom building which will accommodate
60 to 80 students on the main floor, 30 <• indents in a basement
classroom and staff offices. The entire location (center) shows

(lie New House at the far right with dormitory facilities for 1(J
to 18 students. Next to it is s«»i'ii the Little House for 12 to It
persons. The Bur House which will houv.? more students is shown
middle left with the classrooms at the far left. On the right is

seen a elosetip of the Big House with room for 30 students. Attn
remodeling by the University the houses will be equal to all but
the newest campus dorms. Student*' will be selected for the pro
gram from regularly enrolled Stanford students.



Tlicsc arc the facilities which will house Stanford .vludents at
the first study center to be established hy an American university
io Europe. The new Stanford Study Center is located on a beauti
ful HO acre site overlooking; a river valley at Beutelsbach, 12 miles

from Stuttgart. The anticipated opening' (late is .June, 1958. On
t!ie left is pictured the classroom building which will accommodate
60 to 80 students on the main floor, 30 <• indents in a basement
classroom and staff offices. The entire location (center) shows

(lie New House at the far right with dormitory facilities for 1(J
to 18 students. Next to it is s«»i'ii the Little House for 12 to It
persons. The Bur House which will houv.? more students is shown
middle left with the classrooms at the far left. On the right is

seen a elosetip of the Big House with room for 30 students. Attn
remodeling by the University the houses will be equal to all but
the newest campus dorms. Student*' will be selected for the pro
gram from regularly enrolled Stanford students.



Tlicsc arc the facilities which will house Stanford .vludents at
the first study center to be established hy an American university
io Europe. The new Stanford Study Center is located on a beauti
ful HO acre site overlooking; a river valley at Beutelsbach, 12 miles

from Stuttgart. The anticipated opening' (late is .June, 1958. On
t!ie left is pictured the classroom building which will accommodate
60 to 80 students on the main floor, 30 <• indents in a basement
classroom and staff offices. The entire location (center) shows

(lie New House at the far right with dormitory facilities for 1(J
to 18 students. Next to it is s«»i'ii the Little House for 12 to It
persons. The Bur House which will houv.? more students is shown
middle left with the classrooms at the far left. On the right is

seen a elosetip of the Big House with room for 30 students. Attn
remodeling by the University the houses will be equal to all but
the newest campus dorms. Student*' will be selected for the pro
gram from regularly enrolled Stanford students.



Tlicsc arc the facilities which will house Stanford .vludents at
the first study center to be established hy an American university
io Europe. The new Stanford Study Center is located on a beauti
ful HO acre site overlooking; a river valley at Beutelsbach, 12 miles

from Stuttgart. The anticipated opening' (late is .June, 1958. On
t!ie left is pictured the classroom building which will accommodate
60 to 80 students on the main floor, 30 <• indents in a basement
classroom and staff offices. The entire location (center) shows

(lie New House at the far right with dormitory facilities for 1(J
to 18 students. Next to it is s«»i'ii the Little House for 12 to It
persons. The Bur House which will houv.? more students is shown
middle left with the classrooms at the far left. On the right is

seen a elosetip of the Big House with room for 30 students. Attn
remodeling by the University the houses will be equal to all but
the newest campus dorms. Student*' will be selected for the pro
gram from regularly enrolled Stanford students.



Tlicsc arc the facilities which will house Stanford .vludents at
the first study center to be established hy an American university
io Europe. The new Stanford Study Center is located on a beauti
ful HO acre site overlooking; a river valley at Beutelsbach, 12 miles

from Stuttgart. The anticipated opening' (late is .June, 1958. On
t!ie left is pictured the classroom building which will accommodate
60 to 80 students on the main floor, 30 <• indents in a basement
classroom and staff offices. The entire location (center) shows

(lie New House at the far right with dormitory facilities for 1(J
to 18 students. Next to it is s«»i'ii the Little House for 12 to It
persons. The Bur House which will houv.? more students is shown
middle left with the classrooms at the far left. On the right is

seen a elosetip of the Big House with room for 30 students. Attn
remodeling by the University the houses will be equal to all but
the newest campus dorms. Student*' will be selected for the pro
gram from regularly enrolled Stanford students.



Tlicsc arc the facilities which will house Stanford .vludents at
the first study center to be established hy an American university
io Europe. The new Stanford Study Center is located on a beauti
ful HO acre site overlooking; a river valley at Beutelsbach, 12 miles

from Stuttgart. The anticipated opening' (late is .June, 1958. On
t!ie left is pictured the classroom building which will accommodate
60 to 80 students on the main floor, 30 <• indents in a basement
classroom and staff offices. The entire location (center) shows

(lie New House at the far right with dormitory facilities for 1(J
to 18 students. Next to it is s«»i'ii the Little House for 12 to It
persons. The Bur House which will houv.? more students is shown
middle left with the classrooms at the far left. On the right is

seen a elosetip of the Big House with room for 30 students. Attn
remodeling by the University the houses will be equal to all but
the newest campus dorms. Student*' will be selected for the pro
gram from regularly enrolled Stanford students.



Tlicsc arc the facilities which will house Stanford .vludents at
the first study center to be established hy an American university
io Europe. The new Stanford Study Center is located on a beauti
ful HO acre site overlooking; a river valley at Beutelsbach, 12 miles

from Stuttgart. The anticipated opening' (late is .June, 1958. On
t!ie left is pictured the classroom building which will accommodate
60 to 80 students on the main floor, 30 <• indents in a basement
classroom and staff offices. The entire location (center) shows

(lie New House at the far right with dormitory facilities for 1(J
to 18 students. Next to it is s«»i'ii the Little House for 12 to It
persons. The Bur House which will houv.? more students is shown
middle left with the classrooms at the far left. On the right is

seen a elosetip of the Big House with room for 30 students. Attn
remodeling by the University the houses will be equal to all but
the newest campus dorms. Student*' will be selected for the pro
gram from regularly enrolled Stanford students.



Tlicsc arc the facilities which will house Stanford .vludents at
the first study center to be established hy an American university
io Europe. The new Stanford Study Center is located on a beauti
ful HO acre site overlooking; a river valley at Beutelsbach, 12 miles

from Stuttgart. The anticipated opening' (late is .June, 1958. On
t!ie left is pictured the classroom building which will accommodate
60 to 80 students on the main floor, 30 <• indents in a basement
classroom and staff offices. The entire location (center) shows

(lie New House at the far right with dormitory facilities for 1(J
to 18 students. Next to it is s«»i'ii the Little House for 12 to It
persons. The Bur House which will houv.? more students is shown
middle left with the classrooms at the far left. On the right is

seen a elosetip of the Big House with room for 30 students. Attn
remodeling by the University the houses will be equal to all but
the newest campus dorms. Student*' will be selected for the pro
gram from regularly enrolled Stanford students.



Tlicsc arc the facilities which will house Stanford .vludents at
the first study center to be established hy an American university
io Europe. The new Stanford Study Center is located on a beauti
ful HO acre site overlooking; a river valley at Beutelsbach, 12 miles

from Stuttgart. The anticipated opening' (late is .June, 1958. On
t!ie left is pictured the classroom building which will accommodate
60 to 80 students on the main floor, 30 <• indents in a basement
classroom and staff offices. The entire location (center) shows

(lie New House at the far right with dormitory facilities for 1(J
to 18 students. Next to it is s«»i'ii the Little House for 12 to It
persons. The Bur House which will houv.? more students is shown
middle left with the classrooms at the far left. On the right is

seen a elosetip of the Big House with room for 30 students. Attn
remodeling by the University the houses will be equal to all but
the newest campus dorms. Student*' will be selected for the pro
gram from regularly enrolled Stanford students.



Tlicsc arc the facilities which will house Stanford .vludents at
the first study center to be established hy an American university
io Europe. The new Stanford Study Center is located on a beauti
ful HO acre site overlooking; a river valley at Beutelsbach, 12 miles

from Stuttgart. The anticipated opening' (late is .June, 1958. On
t!ie left is pictured the classroom building which will accommodate
60 to 80 students on the main floor, 30 <• indents in a basement
classroom and staff offices. The entire location (center) shows

(lie New House at the far right with dormitory facilities for 1(J
to 18 students. Next to it is s«»i'ii the Little House for 12 to It
persons. The Bur House which will houv.? more students is shown
middle left with the classrooms at the far left. On the right is

seen a elosetip of the Big House with room for 30 students. Attn
remodeling by the University the houses will be equal to all but
the newest campus dorms. Student*' will be selected for the pro
gram from regularly enrolled Stanford students.



