# Adv. 23 Page 10
## 
### 
e
Price Waterhouse
Price Waterhouse
Cordially Invites
Stanford Undergraduates
to Attend a Reception
to Discuss
Career Opportunties in
Audit, Tax and
Management Consulting
All Majors Welcome
Casual Attire
e
Price Waterhouse
Price Waterhouse
Cordially Invites
Stanford Undergraduates
to Attend a Reception
to Discuss
Career Opportunties in
Audit, Tax and
Management Consulting
All Majors Welcome
Casual Attire
e
Price Waterhouse
Price Waterhouse
Cordially Invites
Stanford Undergraduates
to Attend a Reception
to Discuss
Career Opportunties in
Audit, Tax and
Management Consulting
All Majors Welcome
Casual Attire
e
Price Waterhouse
Price Waterhouse
Cordially Invites
Stanford Undergraduates
to Attend a Reception
to Discuss
Career Opportunties in
Audit, Tax and
Management Consulting
All Majors Welcome
Casual Attire
e
Price Waterhouse
Price Waterhouse
Cordially Invites
Stanford Undergraduates
to Attend a Reception
to Discuss
Career Opportunties in
Audit, Tax and
Management Consulting
All Majors Welcome
Casual Attire
e
Price Waterhouse
Price Waterhouse
Cordially Invites
Stanford Undergraduates
to Attend a Reception
to Discuss
Career Opportunties in
Audit, Tax and
Management Consulting
All Majors Welcome
Casual Attire
e
Price Waterhouse
Price Waterhouse
Cordially Invites
Stanford Undergraduates
to Attend a Reception
to Discuss
Career Opportunties in
Audit, Tax and
Management Consulting
All Majors Welcome
Casual Attire
e
Price Waterhouse
Price Waterhouse
Cordially Invites
Stanford Undergraduates
to Attend a Reception
to Discuss
Career Opportunties in
Audit, Tax and
Management Consulting
All Majors Welcome
Casual Attire
