# AKL Elections
## 
### 
Alpha Kappa Lambda recently
elected Douglas Lord as president
of the fraternity. Other officers
elected are: Paul Hanson, vice
president; Bill Bushman, junior
representative; Gary Nuss, alum
ni secretary; Mike Eichwald, re
cording secretary; John McKel
very, chaplain.
Alpha Kappa Lambda recently
elected Douglas Lord as president
of the fraternity. Other officers
elected are: Paul Hanson, vice
president; Bill Bushman, junior
representative; Gary Nuss, alum
ni secretary; Mike Eichwald, re
cording secretary; John McKel
very, chaplain.
Alpha Kappa Lambda recently
elected Douglas Lord as president
of the fraternity. Other officers
elected are: Paul Hanson, vice
president; Bill Bushman, junior
representative; Gary Nuss, alum
ni secretary; Mike Eichwald, re
cording secretary; John McKel
very, chaplain.
Alpha Kappa Lambda recently
elected Douglas Lord as president
of the fraternity. Other officers
elected are: Paul Hanson, vice
president; Bill Bushman, junior
representative; Gary Nuss, alum
ni secretary; Mike Eichwald, re
cording secretary; John McKel
very, chaplain.
Alpha Kappa Lambda recently
elected Douglas Lord as president
of the fraternity. Other officers
elected are: Paul Hanson, vice
president; Bill Bushman, junior
representative; Gary Nuss, alum
ni secretary; Mike Eichwald, re
cording secretary; John McKel
very, chaplain.
Alpha Kappa Lambda recently
elected Douglas Lord as president
of the fraternity. Other officers
elected are: Paul Hanson, vice
president; Bill Bushman, junior
representative; Gary Nuss, alum
ni secretary; Mike Eichwald, re
cording secretary; John McKel
very, chaplain.
Alpha Kappa Lambda recently
elected Douglas Lord as president
of the fraternity. Other officers
elected are: Paul Hanson, vice
president; Bill Bushman, junior
representative; Gary Nuss, alum
ni secretary; Mike Eichwald, re
cording secretary; John McKel
very, chaplain.
Alpha Kappa Lambda recently
elected Douglas Lord as president
of the fraternity. Other officers
elected are: Paul Hanson, vice
president; Bill Bushman, junior
representative; Gary Nuss, alum
ni secretary; Mike Eichwald, re
cording secretary; John McKel
very, chaplain.
Alpha Kappa Lambda recently
elected Douglas Lord as president
of the fraternity. Other officers
elected are: Paul Hanson, vice
president; Bill Bushman, junior
representative; Gary Nuss, alum
ni secretary; Mike Eichwald, re
cording secretary; John McKel
very, chaplain.
Alpha Kappa Lambda recently
elected Douglas Lord as president
of the fraternity. Other officers
elected are: Paul Hanson, vice
president; Bill Bushman, junior
representative; Gary Nuss, alum
ni secretary; Mike Eichwald, re
cording secretary; John McKel
very, chaplain.
Alpha Kappa Lambda recently
elected Douglas Lord as president
of the fraternity. Other officers
elected are: Paul Hanson, vice
president; Bill Bushman, junior
representative; Gary Nuss, alum
ni secretary; Mike Eichwald, re
cording secretary; John McKel
very, chaplain.
Alpha Kappa Lambda recently
elected Douglas Lord as president
of the fraternity. Other officers
elected are: Paul Hanson, vice
president; Bill Bushman, junior
representative; Gary Nuss, alum
ni secretary; Mike Eichwald, re
cording secretary; John McKel
very, chaplain.
Alpha Kappa Lambda recently
elected Douglas Lord as president
of the fraternity. Other officers
elected are: Paul Hanson, vice
president; Bill Bushman, junior
representative; Gary Nuss, alum
ni secretary; Mike Eichwald, re
cording secretary; John McKel
very, chaplain.
Alpha Kappa Lambda recently
elected Douglas Lord as president
of the fraternity. Other officers
elected are: Paul Hanson, vice
president; Bill Bushman, junior
representative; Gary Nuss, alum
ni secretary; Mike Eichwald, re
cording secretary; John McKel
very, chaplain.
Alpha Kappa Lambda recently
elected Douglas Lord as president
of the fraternity. Other officers
elected are: Paul Hanson, vice
president; Bill Bushman, junior
representative; Gary Nuss, alum
ni secretary; Mike Eichwald, re
cording secretary; John McKel
very, chaplain.
