# Pre-Nursing Conference
## 
### 
Mrs. Grace Ringresey of the
Stanford Nursing School will be
on campus tomorrow to talk to
pre-nursing students.
Interested students may contact
her in the Dean of Students con
ference room from 9 to 11 a.m.
Mrs. Grace Ringresey of the
Stanford Nursing School will be
on campus tomorrow to talk to
pre-nursing students.
Interested students may contact
her in the Dean of Students con
ference room from 9 to 11 a.m.
Mrs. Grace Ringresey of the
Stanford Nursing School will be
on campus tomorrow to talk to
pre-nursing students.
Interested students may contact
her in the Dean of Students con
ference room from 9 to 11 a.m.
Mrs. Grace Ringresey of the
Stanford Nursing School will be
on campus tomorrow to talk to
pre-nursing students.
Interested students may contact
her in the Dean of Students con
ference room from 9 to 11 a.m.
Mrs. Grace Ringresey of the
Stanford Nursing School will be
on campus tomorrow to talk to
pre-nursing students.
Interested students may contact
her in the Dean of Students con
ference room from 9 to 11 a.m.
Mrs. Grace Ringresey of the
Stanford Nursing School will be
on campus tomorrow to talk to
pre-nursing students.
Interested students may contact
her in the Dean of Students con
ference room from 9 to 11 a.m.
Mrs. Grace Ringresey of the
Stanford Nursing School will be
on campus tomorrow to talk to
pre-nursing students.
Interested students may contact
her in the Dean of Students con
ference room from 9 to 11 a.m.
Mrs. Grace Ringresey of the
Stanford Nursing School will be
on campus tomorrow to talk to
pre-nursing students.
Interested students may contact
her in the Dean of Students con
ference room from 9 to 11 a.m.
Mrs. Grace Ringresey of the
Stanford Nursing School will be
on campus tomorrow to talk to
pre-nursing students.
Interested students may contact
her in the Dean of Students con
ference room from 9 to 11 a.m.
Mrs. Grace Ringresey of the
Stanford Nursing School will be
on campus tomorrow to talk to
pre-nursing students.
Interested students may contact
her in the Dean of Students con
ference room from 9 to 11 a.m.
Mrs. Grace Ringresey of the
Stanford Nursing School will be
on campus tomorrow to talk to
pre-nursing students.
Interested students may contact
her in the Dean of Students con
ference room from 9 to 11 a.m.
Mrs. Grace Ringresey of the
Stanford Nursing School will be
on campus tomorrow to talk to
pre-nursing students.
Interested students may contact
her in the Dean of Students con
ference room from 9 to 11 a.m.
Mrs. Grace Ringresey of the
Stanford Nursing School will be
on campus tomorrow to talk to
pre-nursing students.
Interested students may contact
her in the Dean of Students con
ference room from 9 to 11 a.m.
Mrs. Grace Ringresey of the
Stanford Nursing School will be
on campus tomorrow to talk to
pre-nursing students.
Interested students may contact
her in the Dean of Students con
ference room from 9 to 11 a.m.
Mrs. Grace Ringresey of the
Stanford Nursing School will be
on campus tomorrow to talk to
pre-nursing students.
Interested students may contact
her in the Dean of Students con
ference room from 9 to 11 a.m.
