# JAIL BUT NO BUTTER
## 
### 
SEATTLE, April 8 (UP). —George
Wickes, 42, was in the county jail
today and apparently was quite sure
that police court was not the place
to go seeking a pound of butter.
SEATTLE, April 8 (UP). —George
Wickes, 42, was in the county jail
today and apparently was quite sure
that police court was not the place
to go seeking a pound of butter.
SEATTLE, April 8 (UP). —George
Wickes, 42, was in the county jail
today and apparently was quite sure
that police court was not the place
to go seeking a pound of butter.
SEATTLE, April 8 (UP). —George
Wickes, 42, was in the county jail
today and apparently was quite sure
that police court was not the place
to go seeking a pound of butter.
SEATTLE, April 8 (UP). —George
Wickes, 42, was in the county jail
today and apparently was quite sure
that police court was not the place
to go seeking a pound of butter.
SEATTLE, April 8 (UP). —George
Wickes, 42, was in the county jail
today and apparently was quite sure
that police court was not the place
to go seeking a pound of butter.
SEATTLE, April 8 (UP). —George
Wickes, 42, was in the county jail
today and apparently was quite sure
that police court was not the place
to go seeking a pound of butter.
SEATTLE, April 8 (UP). —George
Wickes, 42, was in the county jail
today and apparently was quite sure
that police court was not the place
to go seeking a pound of butter.
SEATTLE, April 8 (UP). —George
Wickes, 42, was in the county jail
today and apparently was quite sure
that police court was not the place
to go seeking a pound of butter.
SEATTLE, April 8 (UP). —George
Wickes, 42, was in the county jail
today and apparently was quite sure
that police court was not the place
to go seeking a pound of butter.
SEATTLE, April 8 (UP). —George
Wickes, 42, was in the county jail
today and apparently was quite sure
that police court was not the place
to go seeking a pound of butter.
SEATTLE, April 8 (UP). —George
Wickes, 42, was in the county jail
today and apparently was quite sure
that police court was not the place
to go seeking a pound of butter.
SEATTLE, April 8 (UP). —George
Wickes, 42, was in the county jail
today and apparently was quite sure
that police court was not the place
to go seeking a pound of butter.
SEATTLE, April 8 (UP). —George
Wickes, 42, was in the county jail
today and apparently was quite sure
that police court was not the place
to go seeking a pound of butter.
SEATTLE, April 8 (UP). —George
Wickes, 42, was in the county jail
today and apparently was quite sure
that police court was not the place
to go seeking a pound of butter.
