# CHOIR TRYOUT
## 
### 
Choir tryouts will be held by War
ren D. Allen and D. Sterling Wheel
bright in the Choir Room on Tues
day from 3 to 4 and Wednesday from
4 to 5:15. There are places for all
voices, particularly tenors. Places
are also open to stafT members and
wives of students.
Choir tryouts will be held by War
ren D. Allen and D. Sterling Wheel
bright in the Choir Room on Tues
day from 3 to 4 and Wednesday from
4 to 5:15. There are places for all
voices, particularly tenors. Places
are also open to stafT members and
wives of students.
Choir tryouts will be held by War
ren D. Allen and D. Sterling Wheel
bright in the Choir Room on Tues
day from 3 to 4 and Wednesday from
4 to 5:15. There are places for all
voices, particularly tenors. Places
are also open to stafT members and
wives of students.
Choir tryouts will be held by War
ren D. Allen and D. Sterling Wheel
bright in the Choir Room on Tues
day from 3 to 4 and Wednesday from
4 to 5:15. There are places for all
voices, particularly tenors. Places
are also open to stafT members and
wives of students.
Choir tryouts will be held by War
ren D. Allen and D. Sterling Wheel
bright in the Choir Room on Tues
day from 3 to 4 and Wednesday from
4 to 5:15. There are places for all
voices, particularly tenors. Places
are also open to stafT members and
wives of students.
Choir tryouts will be held by War
ren D. Allen and D. Sterling Wheel
bright in the Choir Room on Tues
day from 3 to 4 and Wednesday from
4 to 5:15. There are places for all
voices, particularly tenors. Places
are also open to stafT members and
wives of students.
Choir tryouts will be held by War
ren D. Allen and D. Sterling Wheel
bright in the Choir Room on Tues
day from 3 to 4 and Wednesday from
4 to 5:15. There are places for all
voices, particularly tenors. Places
are also open to stafT members and
wives of students.
Choir tryouts will be held by War
ren D. Allen and D. Sterling Wheel
bright in the Choir Room on Tues
day from 3 to 4 and Wednesday from
4 to 5:15. There are places for all
voices, particularly tenors. Places
are also open to stafT members and
wives of students.
Choir tryouts will be held by War
ren D. Allen and D. Sterling Wheel
bright in the Choir Room on Tues
day from 3 to 4 and Wednesday from
4 to 5:15. There are places for all
voices, particularly tenors. Places
are also open to stafT members and
wives of students.
Choir tryouts will be held by War
ren D. Allen and D. Sterling Wheel
bright in the Choir Room on Tues
day from 3 to 4 and Wednesday from
4 to 5:15. There are places for all
voices, particularly tenors. Places
are also open to stafT members and
wives of students.
Choir tryouts will be held by War
ren D. Allen and D. Sterling Wheel
bright in the Choir Room on Tues
day from 3 to 4 and Wednesday from
4 to 5:15. There are places for all
voices, particularly tenors. Places
are also open to stafT members and
wives of students.
Choir tryouts will be held by War
ren D. Allen and D. Sterling Wheel
bright in the Choir Room on Tues
day from 3 to 4 and Wednesday from
4 to 5:15. There are places for all
voices, particularly tenors. Places
are also open to stafT members and
wives of students.
Choir tryouts will be held by War
ren D. Allen and D. Sterling Wheel
bright in the Choir Room on Tues
day from 3 to 4 and Wednesday from
4 to 5:15. There are places for all
voices, particularly tenors. Places
are also open to stafT members and
wives of students.
Choir tryouts will be held by War
ren D. Allen and D. Sterling Wheel
bright in the Choir Room on Tues
day from 3 to 4 and Wednesday from
4 to 5:15. There are places for all
voices, particularly tenors. Places
are also open to stafT members and
wives of students.
Choir tryouts will be held by War
ren D. Allen and D. Sterling Wheel
bright in the Choir Room on Tues
day from 3 to 4 and Wednesday from
4 to 5:15. There are places for all
voices, particularly tenors. Places
are also open to stafT members and
wives of students.
