# IA Replaces IIR, I-Club
## 
### 
Institute of International Re
lations (IIR) and the Interna
tional Club recently merged.
The newly established Interna
tional Association (IA) has a
new constitution and will act un
der the auspices of ASSU, serv
ing as its administrative board
for international activities.
This week the IA is holding its
first spring elections for presi
dent, 2 vice-presidents, and 10
Policy Board members. The IA
Policy Board has the final delib
erative and decision-making
power in all matters and has a
possible total membership of 25:
18 elected members, 9 foreign
and 9 American students, plus
the 4 elected officers, plus the
maximum of 3 appointed voting
members.
Deadlines for nominations will
be on Wednesday at 5 p.m. Vot
ing will take place on Friday at
the I-Center.
Institute of International Re
lations (IIR) and the Interna
tional Club recently merged.
The newly established Interna
tional Association (IA) has a
new constitution and will act un
der the auspices of ASSU, serv
ing as its administrative board
for international activities.
This week the IA is holding its
first spring elections for presi
dent, 2 vice-presidents, and 10
Policy Board members. The IA
Policy Board has the final delib
erative and decision-making
power in all matters and has a
possible total membership of 25:
18 elected members, 9 foreign
and 9 American students, plus
the 4 elected officers, plus the
maximum of 3 appointed voting
members.
Deadlines for nominations will
be on Wednesday at 5 p.m. Vot
ing will take place on Friday at
the I-Center.
Institute of International Re
lations (IIR) and the Interna
tional Club recently merged.
The newly established Interna
tional Association (IA) has a
new constitution and will act un
der the auspices of ASSU, serv
ing as its administrative board
for international activities.
This week the IA is holding its
first spring elections for presi
dent, 2 vice-presidents, and 10
Policy Board members. The IA
Policy Board has the final delib
erative and decision-making
power in all matters and has a
possible total membership of 25:
18 elected members, 9 foreign
and 9 American students, plus
the 4 elected officers, plus the
maximum of 3 appointed voting
members.
Deadlines for nominations will
be on Wednesday at 5 p.m. Vot
ing will take place on Friday at
the I-Center.
Institute of International Re
lations (IIR) and the Interna
tional Club recently merged.
The newly established Interna
tional Association (IA) has a
new constitution and will act un
der the auspices of ASSU, serv
ing as its administrative board
for international activities.
This week the IA is holding its
first spring elections for presi
dent, 2 vice-presidents, and 10
Policy Board members. The IA
Policy Board has the final delib
erative and decision-making
power in all matters and has a
possible total membership of 25:
18 elected members, 9 foreign
and 9 American students, plus
the 4 elected officers, plus the
maximum of 3 appointed voting
members.
Deadlines for nominations will
be on Wednesday at 5 p.m. Vot
ing will take place on Friday at
the I-Center.
Institute of International Re
lations (IIR) and the Interna
tional Club recently merged.
The newly established Interna
tional Association (IA) has a
new constitution and will act un
der the auspices of ASSU, serv
ing as its administrative board
for international activities.
This week the IA is holding its
first spring elections for presi
dent, 2 vice-presidents, and 10
Policy Board members. The IA
Policy Board has the final delib
erative and decision-making
power in all matters and has a
possible total membership of 25:
18 elected members, 9 foreign
and 9 American students, plus
the 4 elected officers, plus the
maximum of 3 appointed voting
members.
Deadlines for nominations will
be on Wednesday at 5 p.m. Vot
ing will take place on Friday at
the I-Center.
Institute of International Re
lations (IIR) and the Interna
tional Club recently merged.
The newly established Interna
tional Association (IA) has a
new constitution and will act un
der the auspices of ASSU, serv
ing as its administrative board
for international activities.
This week the IA is holding its
first spring elections for presi
dent, 2 vice-presidents, and 10
Policy Board members. The IA
Policy Board has the final delib
erative and decision-making
power in all matters and has a
possible total membership of 25:
18 elected members, 9 foreign
and 9 American students, plus
the 4 elected officers, plus the
maximum of 3 appointed voting
members.
Deadlines for nominations will
be on Wednesday at 5 p.m. Vot
ing will take place on Friday at
the I-Center.
Institute of International Re
lations (IIR) and the Interna
tional Club recently merged.
The newly established Interna
tional Association (IA) has a
new constitution and will act un
der the auspices of ASSU, serv
ing as its administrative board
for international activities.
This week the IA is holding its
first spring elections for presi
dent, 2 vice-presidents, and 10
Policy Board members. The IA
Policy Board has the final delib
erative and decision-making
power in all matters and has a
possible total membership of 25:
18 elected members, 9 foreign
and 9 American students, plus
the 4 elected officers, plus the
maximum of 3 appointed voting
members.
Deadlines for nominations will
be on Wednesday at 5 p.m. Vot
ing will take place on Friday at
the I-Center.
Institute of International Re
lations (IIR) and the Interna
tional Club recently merged.
The newly established Interna
tional Association (IA) has a
new constitution and will act un
der the auspices of ASSU, serv
ing as its administrative board
for international activities.
This week the IA is holding its
first spring elections for presi
dent, 2 vice-presidents, and 10
Policy Board members. The IA
Policy Board has the final delib
erative and decision-making
power in all matters and has a
possible total membership of 25:
18 elected members, 9 foreign
and 9 American students, plus
the 4 elected officers, plus the
maximum of 3 appointed voting
members.
Deadlines for nominations will
be on Wednesday at 5 p.m. Vot
ing will take place on Friday at
the I-Center.
Institute of International Re
lations (IIR) and the Interna
tional Club recently merged.
The newly established Interna
tional Association (IA) has a
new constitution and will act un
der the auspices of ASSU, serv
ing as its administrative board
for international activities.
This week the IA is holding its
first spring elections for presi
dent, 2 vice-presidents, and 10
Policy Board members. The IA
Policy Board has the final delib
erative and decision-making
power in all matters and has a
possible total membership of 25:
18 elected members, 9 foreign
and 9 American students, plus
the 4 elected officers, plus the
maximum of 3 appointed voting
members.
Deadlines for nominations will
be on Wednesday at 5 p.m. Vot
ing will take place on Friday at
the I-Center.
Institute of International Re
lations (IIR) and the Interna
tional Club recently merged.
The newly established Interna
tional Association (IA) has a
new constitution and will act un
der the auspices of ASSU, serv
ing as its administrative board
for international activities.
This week the IA is holding its
first spring elections for presi
dent, 2 vice-presidents, and 10
Policy Board members. The IA
Policy Board has the final delib
erative and decision-making
power in all matters and has a
possible total membership of 25:
18 elected members, 9 foreign
and 9 American students, plus
the 4 elected officers, plus the
maximum of 3 appointed voting
members.
Deadlines for nominations will
be on Wednesday at 5 p.m. Vot
ing will take place on Friday at
the I-Center.
Institute of International Re
lations (IIR) and the Interna
tional Club recently merged.
The newly established Interna
tional Association (IA) has a
new constitution and will act un
der the auspices of ASSU, serv
ing as its administrative board
for international activities.
This week the IA is holding its
first spring elections for presi
dent, 2 vice-presidents, and 10
Policy Board members. The IA
Policy Board has the final delib
erative and decision-making
power in all matters and has a
possible total membership of 25:
18 elected members, 9 foreign
and 9 American students, plus
the 4 elected officers, plus the
maximum of 3 appointed voting
members.
Deadlines for nominations will
be on Wednesday at 5 p.m. Vot
ing will take place on Friday at
the I-Center.
Institute of International Re
lations (IIR) and the Interna
tional Club recently merged.
The newly established Interna
tional Association (IA) has a
new constitution and will act un
der the auspices of ASSU, serv
ing as its administrative board
for international activities.
This week the IA is holding its
first spring elections for presi
dent, 2 vice-presidents, and 10
Policy Board members. The IA
Policy Board has the final delib
erative and decision-making
power in all matters and has a
possible total membership of 25:
18 elected members, 9 foreign
and 9 American students, plus
the 4 elected officers, plus the
maximum of 3 appointed voting
members.
Deadlines for nominations will
be on Wednesday at 5 p.m. Vot
ing will take place on Friday at
the I-Center.
Institute of International Re
lations (IIR) and the Interna
tional Club recently merged.
The newly established Interna
tional Association (IA) has a
new constitution and will act un
der the auspices of ASSU, serv
ing as its administrative board
for international activities.
This week the IA is holding its
first spring elections for presi
dent, 2 vice-presidents, and 10
Policy Board members. The IA
Policy Board has the final delib
erative and decision-making
power in all matters and has a
possible total membership of 25:
18 elected members, 9 foreign
and 9 American students, plus
the 4 elected officers, plus the
maximum of 3 appointed voting
members.
Deadlines for nominations will
be on Wednesday at 5 p.m. Vot
ing will take place on Friday at
the I-Center.
Institute of International Re
lations (IIR) and the Interna
tional Club recently merged.
The newly established Interna
tional Association (IA) has a
new constitution and will act un
der the auspices of ASSU, serv
ing as its administrative board
for international activities.
This week the IA is holding its
first spring elections for presi
dent, 2 vice-presidents, and 10
Policy Board members. The IA
Policy Board has the final delib
erative and decision-making
power in all matters and has a
possible total membership of 25:
18 elected members, 9 foreign
and 9 American students, plus
the 4 elected officers, plus the
maximum of 3 appointed voting
members.
Deadlines for nominations will
be on Wednesday at 5 p.m. Vot
ing will take place on Friday at
the I-Center.
