# Historian Thomas A. Bailey Among Retiring Professors
## 
### 
Nine members of the Stanford
faculty will reach retirement by
the end of the academic year
August 31.
They include Profs. Thomas
A. Bailey, one of America's most
noted historians, Herbert F.
Dougall, holder of the C.O.G.
Miller professorship of finance,
and Mrs. Irmgard Flugge-Lotz,
one of America's few female
professors of aeronautics, astro
nautics and engineering mech
anics.
Also retiring are Helmut R.
Boeninger, professor of Ger
man; Mrs. Helen C. Fransworth,
professor in the Food Research
Institute, Frederick O. Koenig,
professor of chemistry, Henry
B. McDaniel, professor of educa
tion and psychology; O. Cutler
Shepard, professor of metallur
gy, and Witold S. Sworakowski,
professor and associate director
of the Hoover Institution.
Thomas A. Bailey,—a gradu
ate of Stanford's Class of 1924
with great distinction, was edu
cated through the doctorate in
history at his alma mater. He
was honored with an endowed
chair, the Margaret M. Byrne
professorship in American his
tory, in 1952.
For 30 years, his famous "Dip
lomatic History of the American
People," has been a standard
text in more than 250 American
colleges and universities. It is

now in its seventh edition. Two
other works, "VVoodrow Wilson
and the Lost Peace" and"Amer
ica Faces Russia," won the San
Francisco Commonwealth Club's
gold medal.
A Stanford faculty member
since 1930, Prof. Bailey was one
of the first scholars invited to
study at the Institute for Ad
vanced Study at Princeton,
1939-40.
Herbert E. Dougall, holder of
the C.O.G. Miller professorship
of finance, was the first bene
ficiary of an endowed chair in
the Graduate School of Busi
ness. He is one of the nation's
experts in corporation finance
and investments. The Canadian
born professor was educated at
the University of Toronto and
Northwestern and has held re
search fellowships from both
the Ford Foundation and the
Social Science Research Council.
One of the few women in the
world who are experts in the
field of aeronautical engineer
ing and engineering mechanics,
Dr. Flugge-Lotz is internation
ally known for her studies in
aerodynamics and the theory of
automatic controls. She came to
Stanford in 1949, was a lecturer
and research associate and was
appointed to full professorship
in 1960. She holds the triple
title of professor of aeronautics,
astronautics, and engineering

mechanics.
Mrs. Flugge-Lotz studied and
received her doctorate at the
Technical University at Hann
over. Germany. Subsequently
she was research scientist and
head of department at the Aero
dynamics .Research Institute in
Gottingen and later scientific
adviser of the DVL, the German
counterpart of the National i
Aeronautics and Space Agency.
Nine members of the Stanford
faculty will reach retirement by
the end of the academic year
August 31.
They include Profs. Thomas
A. Bailey, one of America's most
noted historians, Herbert F.
Dougall, holder of the C.O.G.
Miller professorship of finance,
and Mrs. Irmgard Flugge-Lotz,
one of America's few female
professors of aeronautics, astro
nautics and engineering mech
anics.
Also retiring are Helmut R.
Boeninger, professor of Ger
man; Mrs. Helen C. Fransworth,
professor in the Food Research
Institute, Frederick O. Koenig,
professor of chemistry, Henry
B. McDaniel, professor of educa
tion and psychology; O. Cutler
Shepard, professor of metallur
gy, and Witold S. Sworakowski,
professor and associate director
of the Hoover Institution.
Thomas A. Bailey,—a gradu
ate of Stanford's Class of 1924
with great distinction, was edu
cated through the doctorate in
history at his alma mater. He
was honored with an endowed
chair, the Margaret M. Byrne
professorship in American his
tory, in 1952.
For 30 years, his famous "Dip
lomatic History of the American
People," has been a standard
text in more than 250 American
colleges and universities. It is

now in its seventh edition. Two
other works, "VVoodrow Wilson
and the Lost Peace" and"Amer
ica Faces Russia," won the San
Francisco Commonwealth Club's
gold medal.
A Stanford faculty member
since 1930, Prof. Bailey was one
of the first scholars invited to
study at the Institute for Ad
vanced Study at Princeton,
1939-40.
Herbert E. Dougall, holder of
the C.O.G. Miller professorship
of finance, was the first bene
ficiary of an endowed chair in
the Graduate School of Busi
ness. He is one of the nation's
experts in corporation finance
and investments. The Canadian
born professor was educated at
the University of Toronto and
Northwestern and has held re
search fellowships from both
the Ford Foundation and the
Social Science Research Council.
One of the few women in the
world who are experts in the
field of aeronautical engineer
ing and engineering mechanics,
Dr. Flugge-Lotz is internation
ally known for her studies in
aerodynamics and the theory of
automatic controls. She came to
Stanford in 1949, was a lecturer
and research associate and was
appointed to full professorship
in 1960. She holds the triple
title of professor of aeronautics,
astronautics, and engineering

mechanics.
Mrs. Flugge-Lotz studied and
received her doctorate at the
Technical University at Hann
over. Germany. Subsequently
she was research scientist and
head of department at the Aero
dynamics .Research Institute in
Gottingen and later scientific
adviser of the DVL, the German
counterpart of the National i
Aeronautics and Space Agency.
Nine members of the Stanford
faculty will reach retirement by
the end of the academic year
August 31.
They include Profs. Thomas
A. Bailey, one of America's most
noted historians, Herbert F.
Dougall, holder of the C.O.G.
Miller professorship of finance,
and Mrs. Irmgard Flugge-Lotz,
one of America's few female
professors of aeronautics, astro
nautics and engineering mech
anics.
Also retiring are Helmut R.
Boeninger, professor of Ger
man; Mrs. Helen C. Fransworth,
professor in the Food Research
Institute, Frederick O. Koenig,
professor of chemistry, Henry
B. McDaniel, professor of educa
tion and psychology; O. Cutler
Shepard, professor of metallur
gy, and Witold S. Sworakowski,
professor and associate director
of the Hoover Institution.
Thomas A. Bailey,—a gradu
ate of Stanford's Class of 1924
with great distinction, was edu
cated through the doctorate in
history at his alma mater. He
was honored with an endowed
chair, the Margaret M. Byrne
professorship in American his
tory, in 1952.
For 30 years, his famous "Dip
lomatic History of the American
People," has been a standard
text in more than 250 American
colleges and universities. It is

now in its seventh edition. Two
other works, "VVoodrow Wilson
and the Lost Peace" and"Amer
ica Faces Russia," won the San
Francisco Commonwealth Club's
gold medal.
A Stanford faculty member
since 1930, Prof. Bailey was one
of the first scholars invited to
study at the Institute for Ad
vanced Study at Princeton,
1939-40.
Herbert E. Dougall, holder of
the C.O.G. Miller professorship
of finance, was the first bene
ficiary of an endowed chair in
the Graduate School of Busi
ness. He is one of the nation's
experts in corporation finance
and investments. The Canadian
born professor was educated at
the University of Toronto and
Northwestern and has held re
search fellowships from both
the Ford Foundation and the
Social Science Research Council.
One of the few women in the
world who are experts in the
field of aeronautical engineer
ing and engineering mechanics,
Dr. Flugge-Lotz is internation
ally known for her studies in
aerodynamics and the theory of
automatic controls. She came to
Stanford in 1949, was a lecturer
and research associate and was
appointed to full professorship
in 1960. She holds the triple
title of professor of aeronautics,
astronautics, and engineering

mechanics.
Mrs. Flugge-Lotz studied and
received her doctorate at the
Technical University at Hann
over. Germany. Subsequently
she was research scientist and
head of department at the Aero
dynamics .Research Institute in
Gottingen and later scientific
adviser of the DVL, the German
counterpart of the National i
Aeronautics and Space Agency.
Nine members of the Stanford
faculty will reach retirement by
the end of the academic year
August 31.
They include Profs. Thomas
A. Bailey, one of America's most
noted historians, Herbert F.
Dougall, holder of the C.O.G.
Miller professorship of finance,
and Mrs. Irmgard Flugge-Lotz,
one of America's few female
professors of aeronautics, astro
nautics and engineering mech
anics.
Also retiring are Helmut R.
Boeninger, professor of Ger
man; Mrs. Helen C. Fransworth,
professor in the Food Research
Institute, Frederick O. Koenig,
professor of chemistry, Henry
B. McDaniel, professor of educa
tion and psychology; O. Cutler
Shepard, professor of metallur
gy, and Witold S. Sworakowski,
professor and associate director
of the Hoover Institution.
Thomas A. Bailey,—a gradu
ate of Stanford's Class of 1924
with great distinction, was edu
cated through the doctorate in
history at his alma mater. He
was honored with an endowed
chair, the Margaret M. Byrne
professorship in American his
tory, in 1952.
For 30 years, his famous "Dip
lomatic History of the American
People," has been a standard
text in more than 250 American
colleges and universities. It is

now in its seventh edition. Two
other works, "VVoodrow Wilson
and the Lost Peace" and"Amer
ica Faces Russia," won the San
Francisco Commonwealth Club's
gold medal.
A Stanford faculty member
since 1930, Prof. Bailey was one
of the first scholars invited to
study at the Institute for Ad
vanced Study at Princeton,
1939-40.
Herbert E. Dougall, holder of
the C.O.G. Miller professorship
of finance, was the first bene
ficiary of an endowed chair in
the Graduate School of Busi
ness. He is one of the nation's
experts in corporation finance
and investments. The Canadian
born professor was educated at
the University of Toronto and
Northwestern and has held re
search fellowships from both
the Ford Foundation and the
Social Science Research Council.
One of the few women in the
world who are experts in the
field of aeronautical engineer
ing and engineering mechanics,
Dr. Flugge-Lotz is internation
ally known for her studies in
aerodynamics and the theory of
automatic controls. She came to
Stanford in 1949, was a lecturer
and research associate and was
appointed to full professorship
in 1960. She holds the triple
title of professor of aeronautics,
astronautics, and engineering

mechanics.
Mrs. Flugge-Lotz studied and
received her doctorate at the
Technical University at Hann
over. Germany. Subsequently
she was research scientist and
head of department at the Aero
dynamics .Research Institute in
Gottingen and later scientific
adviser of the DVL, the German
counterpart of the National i
Aeronautics and Space Agency.
Nine members of the Stanford
faculty will reach retirement by
the end of the academic year
August 31.
They include Profs. Thomas
A. Bailey, one of America's most
noted historians, Herbert F.
Dougall, holder of the C.O.G.
Miller professorship of finance,
and Mrs. Irmgard Flugge-Lotz,
one of America's few female
professors of aeronautics, astro
nautics and engineering mech
anics.
Also retiring are Helmut R.
Boeninger, professor of Ger
man; Mrs. Helen C. Fransworth,
professor in the Food Research
Institute, Frederick O. Koenig,
professor of chemistry, Henry
B. McDaniel, professor of educa
tion and psychology; O. Cutler
Shepard, professor of metallur
gy, and Witold S. Sworakowski,
professor and associate director
of the Hoover Institution.
Thomas A. Bailey,—a gradu
ate of Stanford's Class of 1924
with great distinction, was edu
cated through the doctorate in
history at his alma mater. He
was honored with an endowed
chair, the Margaret M. Byrne
professorship in American his
tory, in 1952.
For 30 years, his famous "Dip
lomatic History of the American
People," has been a standard
text in more than 250 American
colleges and universities. It is

now in its seventh edition. Two
other works, "VVoodrow Wilson
and the Lost Peace" and"Amer
ica Faces Russia," won the San
Francisco Commonwealth Club's
gold medal.
A Stanford faculty member
since 1930, Prof. Bailey was one
of the first scholars invited to
study at the Institute for Ad
vanced Study at Princeton,
1939-40.
Herbert E. Dougall, holder of
the C.O.G. Miller professorship
of finance, was the first bene
ficiary of an endowed chair in
the Graduate School of Busi
ness. He is one of the nation's
experts in corporation finance
and investments. The Canadian
born professor was educated at
the University of Toronto and
Northwestern and has held re
search fellowships from both
the Ford Foundation and the
Social Science Research Council.
One of the few women in the
world who are experts in the
field of aeronautical engineer
ing and engineering mechanics,
Dr. Flugge-Lotz is internation
ally known for her studies in
aerodynamics and the theory of
automatic controls. She came to
Stanford in 1949, was a lecturer
and research associate and was
appointed to full professorship
in 1960. She holds the triple
title of professor of aeronautics,
astronautics, and engineering

mechanics.
Mrs. Flugge-Lotz studied and
received her doctorate at the
Technical University at Hann
over. Germany. Subsequently
she was research scientist and
head of department at the Aero
dynamics .Research Institute in
Gottingen and later scientific
adviser of the DVL, the German
counterpart of the National i
Aeronautics and Space Agency.
Nine members of the Stanford
faculty will reach retirement by
the end of the academic year
August 31.
They include Profs. Thomas
A. Bailey, one of America's most
noted historians, Herbert F.
Dougall, holder of the C.O.G.
Miller professorship of finance,
and Mrs. Irmgard Flugge-Lotz,
one of America's few female
professors of aeronautics, astro
nautics and engineering mech
anics.
Also retiring are Helmut R.
Boeninger, professor of Ger
man; Mrs. Helen C. Fransworth,
professor in the Food Research
Institute, Frederick O. Koenig,
professor of chemistry, Henry
B. McDaniel, professor of educa
tion and psychology; O. Cutler
Shepard, professor of metallur
gy, and Witold S. Sworakowski,
professor and associate director
of the Hoover Institution.
Thomas A. Bailey,—a gradu
ate of Stanford's Class of 1924
with great distinction, was edu
cated through the doctorate in
history at his alma mater. He
was honored with an endowed
chair, the Margaret M. Byrne
professorship in American his
tory, in 1952.
For 30 years, his famous "Dip
lomatic History of the American
People," has been a standard
text in more than 250 American
colleges and universities. It is

now in its seventh edition. Two
other works, "VVoodrow Wilson
and the Lost Peace" and"Amer
ica Faces Russia," won the San
Francisco Commonwealth Club's
gold medal.
A Stanford faculty member
since 1930, Prof. Bailey was one
of the first scholars invited to
study at the Institute for Ad
vanced Study at Princeton,
1939-40.
Herbert E. Dougall, holder of
the C.O.G. Miller professorship
of finance, was the first bene
ficiary of an endowed chair in
the Graduate School of Busi
ness. He is one of the nation's
experts in corporation finance
and investments. The Canadian
born professor was educated at
the University of Toronto and
Northwestern and has held re
search fellowships from both
the Ford Foundation and the
Social Science Research Council.
One of the few women in the
world who are experts in the
field of aeronautical engineer
ing and engineering mechanics,
Dr. Flugge-Lotz is internation
ally known for her studies in
aerodynamics and the theory of
automatic controls. She came to
Stanford in 1949, was a lecturer
and research associate and was
appointed to full professorship
in 1960. She holds the triple
title of professor of aeronautics,
astronautics, and engineering

mechanics.
Mrs. Flugge-Lotz studied and
received her doctorate at the
Technical University at Hann
over. Germany. Subsequently
she was research scientist and
head of department at the Aero
dynamics .Research Institute in
Gottingen and later scientific
adviser of the DVL, the German
counterpart of the National i
Aeronautics and Space Agency.
Nine members of the Stanford
faculty will reach retirement by
the end of the academic year
August 31.
They include Profs. Thomas
A. Bailey, one of America's most
noted historians, Herbert F.
Dougall, holder of the C.O.G.
Miller professorship of finance,
and Mrs. Irmgard Flugge-Lotz,
one of America's few female
professors of aeronautics, astro
nautics and engineering mech
anics.
Also retiring are Helmut R.
Boeninger, professor of Ger
man; Mrs. Helen C. Fransworth,
professor in the Food Research
Institute, Frederick O. Koenig,
professor of chemistry, Henry
B. McDaniel, professor of educa
tion and psychology; O. Cutler
Shepard, professor of metallur
gy, and Witold S. Sworakowski,
professor and associate director
of the Hoover Institution.
Thomas A. Bailey,—a gradu
ate of Stanford's Class of 1924
with great distinction, was edu
cated through the doctorate in
history at his alma mater. He
was honored with an endowed
chair, the Margaret M. Byrne
professorship in American his
tory, in 1952.
For 30 years, his famous "Dip
lomatic History of the American
People," has been a standard
text in more than 250 American
colleges and universities. It is

now in its seventh edition. Two
other works, "VVoodrow Wilson
and the Lost Peace" and"Amer
ica Faces Russia," won the San
Francisco Commonwealth Club's
gold medal.
A Stanford faculty member
since 1930, Prof. Bailey was one
of the first scholars invited to
study at the Institute for Ad
vanced Study at Princeton,
1939-40.
Herbert E. Dougall, holder of
the C.O.G. Miller professorship
of finance, was the first bene
ficiary of an endowed chair in
the Graduate School of Busi
ness. He is one of the nation's
experts in corporation finance
and investments. The Canadian
born professor was educated at
the University of Toronto and
Northwestern and has held re
search fellowships from both
the Ford Foundation and the
Social Science Research Council.
One of the few women in the
world who are experts in the
field of aeronautical engineer
ing and engineering mechanics,
Dr. Flugge-Lotz is internation
ally known for her studies in
aerodynamics and the theory of
automatic controls. She came to
Stanford in 1949, was a lecturer
and research associate and was
appointed to full professorship
in 1960. She holds the triple
title of professor of aeronautics,
astronautics, and engineering

mechanics.
Mrs. Flugge-Lotz studied and
received her doctorate at the
Technical University at Hann
over. Germany. Subsequently
she was research scientist and
head of department at the Aero
dynamics .Research Institute in
Gottingen and later scientific
adviser of the DVL, the German
counterpart of the National i
Aeronautics and Space Agency.
Nine members of the Stanford
faculty will reach retirement by
the end of the academic year
August 31.
They include Profs. Thomas
A. Bailey, one of America's most
noted historians, Herbert F.
Dougall, holder of the C.O.G.
Miller professorship of finance,
and Mrs. Irmgard Flugge-Lotz,
one of America's few female
professors of aeronautics, astro
nautics and engineering mech
anics.
Also retiring are Helmut R.
Boeninger, professor of Ger
man; Mrs. Helen C. Fransworth,
professor in the Food Research
Institute, Frederick O. Koenig,
professor of chemistry, Henry
B. McDaniel, professor of educa
tion and psychology; O. Cutler
Shepard, professor of metallur
gy, and Witold S. Sworakowski,
professor and associate director
of the Hoover Institution.
Thomas A. Bailey,—a gradu
ate of Stanford's Class of 1924
with great distinction, was edu
cated through the doctorate in
history at his alma mater. He
was honored with an endowed
chair, the Margaret M. Byrne
professorship in American his
tory, in 1952.
For 30 years, his famous "Dip
lomatic History of the American
People," has been a standard
text in more than 250 American
colleges and universities. It is

now in its seventh edition. Two
other works, "VVoodrow Wilson
and the Lost Peace" and"Amer
ica Faces Russia," won the San
Francisco Commonwealth Club's
gold medal.
A Stanford faculty member
since 1930, Prof. Bailey was one
of the first scholars invited to
study at the Institute for Ad
vanced Study at Princeton,
1939-40.
Herbert E. Dougall, holder of
the C.O.G. Miller professorship
of finance, was the first bene
ficiary of an endowed chair in
the Graduate School of Busi
ness. He is one of the nation's
experts in corporation finance
and investments. The Canadian
born professor was educated at
the University of Toronto and
Northwestern and has held re
search fellowships from both
the Ford Foundation and the
Social Science Research Council.
One of the few women in the
world who are experts in the
field of aeronautical engineer
ing and engineering mechanics,
Dr. Flugge-Lotz is internation
ally known for her studies in
aerodynamics and the theory of
automatic controls. She came to
Stanford in 1949, was a lecturer
and research associate and was
appointed to full professorship
in 1960. She holds the triple
title of professor of aeronautics,
astronautics, and engineering

mechanics.
Mrs. Flugge-Lotz studied and
received her doctorate at the
Technical University at Hann
over. Germany. Subsequently
she was research scientist and
head of department at the Aero
dynamics .Research Institute in
Gottingen and later scientific
adviser of the DVL, the German
counterpart of the National i
Aeronautics and Space Agency.
Nine members of the Stanford
faculty will reach retirement by
the end of the academic year
August 31.
They include Profs. Thomas
A. Bailey, one of America's most
noted historians, Herbert F.
Dougall, holder of the C.O.G.
Miller professorship of finance,
and Mrs. Irmgard Flugge-Lotz,
one of America's few female
professors of aeronautics, astro
nautics and engineering mech
anics.
Also retiring are Helmut R.
Boeninger, professor of Ger
man; Mrs. Helen C. Fransworth,
professor in the Food Research
Institute, Frederick O. Koenig,
professor of chemistry, Henry
B. McDaniel, professor of educa
tion and psychology; O. Cutler
Shepard, professor of metallur
gy, and Witold S. Sworakowski,
professor and associate director
of the Hoover Institution.
Thomas A. Bailey,—a gradu
ate of Stanford's Class of 1924
with great distinction, was edu
cated through the doctorate in
history at his alma mater. He
was honored with an endowed
chair, the Margaret M. Byrne
professorship in American his
tory, in 1952.
For 30 years, his famous "Dip
lomatic History of the American
People," has been a standard
text in more than 250 American
colleges and universities. It is

now in its seventh edition. Two
other works, "VVoodrow Wilson
and the Lost Peace" and"Amer
ica Faces Russia," won the San
Francisco Commonwealth Club's
gold medal.
A Stanford faculty member
since 1930, Prof. Bailey was one
of the first scholars invited to
study at the Institute for Ad
vanced Study at Princeton,
1939-40.
Herbert E. Dougall, holder of
the C.O.G. Miller professorship
of finance, was the first bene
ficiary of an endowed chair in
the Graduate School of Busi
ness. He is one of the nation's
experts in corporation finance
and investments. The Canadian
born professor was educated at
the University of Toronto and
Northwestern and has held re
search fellowships from both
the Ford Foundation and the
Social Science Research Council.
One of the few women in the
world who are experts in the
field of aeronautical engineer
ing and engineering mechanics,
Dr. Flugge-Lotz is internation
ally known for her studies in
aerodynamics and the theory of
automatic controls. She came to
Stanford in 1949, was a lecturer
and research associate and was
appointed to full professorship
in 1960. She holds the triple
title of professor of aeronautics,
astronautics, and engineering

mechanics.
Mrs. Flugge-Lotz studied and
received her doctorate at the
Technical University at Hann
over. Germany. Subsequently
she was research scientist and
head of department at the Aero
dynamics .Research Institute in
Gottingen and later scientific
adviser of the DVL, the German
counterpart of the National i
Aeronautics and Space Agency.
Nine members of the Stanford
faculty will reach retirement by
the end of the academic year
August 31.
They include Profs. Thomas
A. Bailey, one of America's most
noted historians, Herbert F.
Dougall, holder of the C.O.G.
Miller professorship of finance,
and Mrs. Irmgard Flugge-Lotz,
one of America's few female
professors of aeronautics, astro
nautics and engineering mech
anics.
Also retiring are Helmut R.
Boeninger, professor of Ger
man; Mrs. Helen C. Fransworth,
professor in the Food Research
Institute, Frederick O. Koenig,
professor of chemistry, Henry
B. McDaniel, professor of educa
tion and psychology; O. Cutler
Shepard, professor of metallur
gy, and Witold S. Sworakowski,
professor and associate director
of the Hoover Institution.
Thomas A. Bailey,—a gradu
ate of Stanford's Class of 1924
with great distinction, was edu
cated through the doctorate in
history at his alma mater. He
was honored with an endowed
chair, the Margaret M. Byrne
professorship in American his
tory, in 1952.
For 30 years, his famous "Dip
lomatic History of the American
People," has been a standard
text in more than 250 American
colleges and universities. It is

now in its seventh edition. Two
other works, "VVoodrow Wilson
and the Lost Peace" and"Amer
ica Faces Russia," won the San
Francisco Commonwealth Club's
gold medal.
A Stanford faculty member
since 1930, Prof. Bailey was one
of the first scholars invited to
study at the Institute for Ad
vanced Study at Princeton,
1939-40.
Herbert E. Dougall, holder of
the C.O.G. Miller professorship
of finance, was the first bene
ficiary of an endowed chair in
the Graduate School of Busi
ness. He is one of the nation's
experts in corporation finance
and investments. The Canadian
born professor was educated at
the University of Toronto and
Northwestern and has held re
search fellowships from both
the Ford Foundation and the
Social Science Research Council.
One of the few women in the
world who are experts in the
field of aeronautical engineer
ing and engineering mechanics,
Dr. Flugge-Lotz is internation
ally known for her studies in
aerodynamics and the theory of
automatic controls. She came to
Stanford in 1949, was a lecturer
and research associate and was
appointed to full professorship
in 1960. She holds the triple
title of professor of aeronautics,
astronautics, and engineering

mechanics.
Mrs. Flugge-Lotz studied and
received her doctorate at the
Technical University at Hann
over. Germany. Subsequently
she was research scientist and
head of department at the Aero
dynamics .Research Institute in
Gottingen and later scientific
adviser of the DVL, the German
counterpart of the National i
Aeronautics and Space Agency.
Nine members of the Stanford
faculty will reach retirement by
the end of the academic year
August 31.
They include Profs. Thomas
A. Bailey, one of America's most
noted historians, Herbert F.
Dougall, holder of the C.O.G.
Miller professorship of finance,
and Mrs. Irmgard Flugge-Lotz,
one of America's few female
professors of aeronautics, astro
nautics and engineering mech
anics.
Also retiring are Helmut R.
Boeninger, professor of Ger
man; Mrs. Helen C. Fransworth,
professor in the Food Research
Institute, Frederick O. Koenig,
professor of chemistry, Henry
B. McDaniel, professor of educa
tion and psychology; O. Cutler
Shepard, professor of metallur
gy, and Witold S. Sworakowski,
professor and associate director
of the Hoover Institution.
Thomas A. Bailey,—a gradu
ate of Stanford's Class of 1924
with great distinction, was edu
cated through the doctorate in
history at his alma mater. He
was honored with an endowed
chair, the Margaret M. Byrne
professorship in American his
tory, in 1952.
For 30 years, his famous "Dip
lomatic History of the American
People," has been a standard
text in more than 250 American
colleges and universities. It is

now in its seventh edition. Two
other works, "VVoodrow Wilson
and the Lost Peace" and"Amer
ica Faces Russia," won the San
Francisco Commonwealth Club's
gold medal.
A Stanford faculty member
since 1930, Prof. Bailey was one
of the first scholars invited to
study at the Institute for Ad
vanced Study at Princeton,
1939-40.
Herbert E. Dougall, holder of
the C.O.G. Miller professorship
of finance, was the first bene
ficiary of an endowed chair in
the Graduate School of Busi
ness. He is one of the nation's
experts in corporation finance
and investments. The Canadian
born professor was educated at
the University of Toronto and
Northwestern and has held re
search fellowships from both
the Ford Foundation and the
Social Science Research Council.
One of the few women in the
world who are experts in the
field of aeronautical engineer
ing and engineering mechanics,
Dr. Flugge-Lotz is internation
ally known for her studies in
aerodynamics and the theory of
automatic controls. She came to
Stanford in 1949, was a lecturer
and research associate and was
appointed to full professorship
in 1960. She holds the triple
title of professor of aeronautics,
astronautics, and engineering

mechanics.
Mrs. Flugge-Lotz studied and
received her doctorate at the
Technical University at Hann
over. Germany. Subsequently
she was research scientist and
head of department at the Aero
dynamics .Research Institute in
Gottingen and later scientific
adviser of the DVL, the German
counterpart of the National i
Aeronautics and Space Agency.
Nine members of the Stanford
faculty will reach retirement by
the end of the academic year
August 31.
They include Profs. Thomas
A. Bailey, one of America's most
noted historians, Herbert F.
Dougall, holder of the C.O.G.
Miller professorship of finance,
and Mrs. Irmgard Flugge-Lotz,
one of America's few female
professors of aeronautics, astro
nautics and engineering mech
anics.
Also retiring are Helmut R.
Boeninger, professor of Ger
man; Mrs. Helen C. Fransworth,
professor in the Food Research
Institute, Frederick O. Koenig,
professor of chemistry, Henry
B. McDaniel, professor of educa
tion and psychology; O. Cutler
Shepard, professor of metallur
gy, and Witold S. Sworakowski,
professor and associate director
of the Hoover Institution.
Thomas A. Bailey,—a gradu
ate of Stanford's Class of 1924
with great distinction, was edu
cated through the doctorate in
history at his alma mater. He
was honored with an endowed
chair, the Margaret M. Byrne
professorship in American his
tory, in 1952.
For 30 years, his famous "Dip
lomatic History of the American
People," has been a standard
text in more than 250 American
colleges and universities. It is

now in its seventh edition. Two
other works, "VVoodrow Wilson
and the Lost Peace" and"Amer
ica Faces Russia," won the San
Francisco Commonwealth Club's
gold medal.
A Stanford faculty member
since 1930, Prof. Bailey was one
of the first scholars invited to
study at the Institute for Ad
vanced Study at Princeton,
1939-40.
Herbert E. Dougall, holder of
the C.O.G. Miller professorship
of finance, was the first bene
ficiary of an endowed chair in
the Graduate School of Busi
ness. He is one of the nation's
experts in corporation finance
and investments. The Canadian
born professor was educated at
the University of Toronto and
Northwestern and has held re
search fellowships from both
the Ford Foundation and the
Social Science Research Council.
One of the few women in the
world who are experts in the
field of aeronautical engineer
ing and engineering mechanics,
Dr. Flugge-Lotz is internation
ally known for her studies in
aerodynamics and the theory of
automatic controls. She came to
Stanford in 1949, was a lecturer
and research associate and was
appointed to full professorship
in 1960. She holds the triple
title of professor of aeronautics,
astronautics, and engineering

mechanics.
Mrs. Flugge-Lotz studied and
received her doctorate at the
Technical University at Hann
over. Germany. Subsequently
she was research scientist and
head of department at the Aero
dynamics .Research Institute in
Gottingen and later scientific
adviser of the DVL, the German
counterpart of the National i
Aeronautics and Space Agency.
Nine members of the Stanford
faculty will reach retirement by
the end of the academic year
August 31.
They include Profs. Thomas
A. Bailey, one of America's most
noted historians, Herbert F.
Dougall, holder of the C.O.G.
Miller professorship of finance,
and Mrs. Irmgard Flugge-Lotz,
one of America's few female
professors of aeronautics, astro
nautics and engineering mech
anics.
Also retiring are Helmut R.
Boeninger, professor of Ger
man; Mrs. Helen C. Fransworth,
professor in the Food Research
Institute, Frederick O. Koenig,
professor of chemistry, Henry
B. McDaniel, professor of educa
tion and psychology; O. Cutler
Shepard, professor of metallur
gy, and Witold S. Sworakowski,
professor and associate director
of the Hoover Institution.
Thomas A. Bailey,—a gradu
ate of Stanford's Class of 1924
with great distinction, was edu
cated through the doctorate in
history at his alma mater. He
was honored with an endowed
chair, the Margaret M. Byrne
professorship in American his
tory, in 1952.
For 30 years, his famous "Dip
lomatic History of the American
People," has been a standard
text in more than 250 American
colleges and universities. It is

now in its seventh edition. Two
other works, "VVoodrow Wilson
and the Lost Peace" and"Amer
ica Faces Russia," won the San
Francisco Commonwealth Club's
gold medal.
A Stanford faculty member
since 1930, Prof. Bailey was one
of the first scholars invited to
study at the Institute for Ad
vanced Study at Princeton,
1939-40.
Herbert E. Dougall, holder of
the C.O.G. Miller professorship
of finance, was the first bene
ficiary of an endowed chair in
the Graduate School of Busi
ness. He is one of the nation's
experts in corporation finance
and investments. The Canadian
born professor was educated at
the University of Toronto and
Northwestern and has held re
search fellowships from both
the Ford Foundation and the
Social Science Research Council.
One of the few women in the
world who are experts in the
field of aeronautical engineer
ing and engineering mechanics,
Dr. Flugge-Lotz is internation
ally known for her studies in
aerodynamics and the theory of
automatic controls. She came to
Stanford in 1949, was a lecturer
and research associate and was
appointed to full professorship
in 1960. She holds the triple
title of professor of aeronautics,
astronautics, and engineering

mechanics.
Mrs. Flugge-Lotz studied and
received her doctorate at the
Technical University at Hann
over. Germany. Subsequently
she was research scientist and
head of department at the Aero
dynamics .Research Institute in
Gottingen and later scientific
adviser of the DVL, the German
counterpart of the National i
Aeronautics and Space Agency.
Nine members of the Stanford
faculty will reach retirement by
the end of the academic year
August 31.
They include Profs. Thomas
A. Bailey, one of America's most
noted historians, Herbert F.
Dougall, holder of the C.O.G.
Miller professorship of finance,
and Mrs. Irmgard Flugge-Lotz,
one of America's few female
professors of aeronautics, astro
nautics and engineering mech
anics.
Also retiring are Helmut R.
Boeninger, professor of Ger
man; Mrs. Helen C. Fransworth,
professor in the Food Research
Institute, Frederick O. Koenig,
professor of chemistry, Henry
B. McDaniel, professor of educa
tion and psychology; O. Cutler
Shepard, professor of metallur
gy, and Witold S. Sworakowski,
professor and associate director
of the Hoover Institution.
Thomas A. Bailey,—a gradu
ate of Stanford's Class of 1924
with great distinction, was edu
cated through the doctorate in
history at his alma mater. He
was honored with an endowed
chair, the Margaret M. Byrne
professorship in American his
tory, in 1952.
For 30 years, his famous "Dip
lomatic History of the American
People," has been a standard
text in more than 250 American
colleges and universities. It is

now in its seventh edition. Two
other works, "VVoodrow Wilson
and the Lost Peace" and"Amer
ica Faces Russia," won the San
Francisco Commonwealth Club's
gold medal.
A Stanford faculty member
since 1930, Prof. Bailey was one
of the first scholars invited to
study at the Institute for Ad
vanced Study at Princeton,
1939-40.
Herbert E. Dougall, holder of
the C.O.G. Miller professorship
of finance, was the first bene
ficiary of an endowed chair in
the Graduate School of Busi
ness. He is one of the nation's
experts in corporation finance
and investments. The Canadian
born professor was educated at
the University of Toronto and
Northwestern and has held re
search fellowships from both
the Ford Foundation and the
Social Science Research Council.
One of the few women in the
world who are experts in the
field of aeronautical engineer
ing and engineering mechanics,
Dr. Flugge-Lotz is internation
ally known for her studies in
aerodynamics and the theory of
automatic controls. She came to
Stanford in 1949, was a lecturer
and research associate and was
appointed to full professorship
in 1960. She holds the triple
title of professor of aeronautics,
astronautics, and engineering

mechanics.
Mrs. Flugge-Lotz studied and
received her doctorate at the
Technical University at Hann
over. Germany. Subsequently
she was research scientist and
head of department at the Aero
dynamics .Research Institute in
Gottingen and later scientific
adviser of the DVL, the German
counterpart of the National i
Aeronautics and Space Agency.
