# News Analysis
## U. Of Hawaii: Trial Of Power 
### RON DORFMAN 
The student takeover of the
University of Hawaii adminis
tration building that resulted in
more than 150 arrests last week
and in continuing demonstra
tions at the Honolulu campus
arose out of a bizarre academic
freedom controversy more than
two years old.
Oliver Minseem Lee, a Ger
man-Chinese native of Shanghai
and a naturalized American who
attended Harvard, Boston and
Johns Hopkins universities be
fore taking his M.A. and Ph.D.
in international relations at the
University of Chicago, was de
nied tenure by the university,
ostensibly for displaying "im
maturity" in not preventing a
student organization from issu
ing a statement advocating sab
otage of the military.
The resulting conflict between
the faculty and the administra
tion typified the plight of those
universities which have built
themselves up in the past ten

years from glorified cow col
leges into respectable academic
institutions. A paternalistic leg
islature and university adminis
tration spent millions of dollars
to attract bright young men to
the faculty and expand educa
tional and research facilities,
but failed to understand that a
major center of learning de
mands power relationships dif
ferent from those appropriate
to an agricultural extension
service.
Lee, for several years a lead
ing anti-war figure in Hawaii,
came under attack in the spring
of 1966 from right-wing organi
zations and the Waikiki Lions
Club, whose president, Robert
G. Alderman, had been public
relations advisor to Gov. Jack
Burns during his campaign for
election. Although Lee had been
recommended for tenure by his
department, the university ad
ministration was frightened into
postponing the consideration of
tenure for one year.

Last year, Lee was again rec
ommended for tenure, and the
administration made a decision
to accept the department's rec
ommendationâ€”until the Student
Partisan Alliance, a small group
of Maoists for whom Lee (who
describes himself as a demo
cratic socialist) was faculty ad
visor, issued a statement advo
cating not draft resistance but
infiltration and sabotage of the
military, including "eliminating
officers and non-coms in com
bat."
The ensuing heat was too
much for the administration to
take, and Dean W. Todd Furniss
and President Thomas H. Ham
ilton rejected the recommenda
tion of tenure for Lee.
Although a special committee
of the faculty senate ruled that
the denial of tenure had been
made in violation of academic
due process (a ruling that led
to the resignation of President
Hamilton in a fit of pique), and
the American Association of

University Professors warned
that the university might be
blacklisted if the decision were
to stick, the university regents
last week voted to dismiss Lee
with a year's severance pay.
On May 27, several hundred
students, professors and others
occupied the university admin
istration building, keeping it
closed until Friday despite the
arrest Tuesday night of more
than 150 demonstrators. They
released the building formally
yesterday, having obtained con
cessions from the university on
student-power issues that had
been raised in the course of the
Lee controversy, and returning
responsibility for protecting
Lee's status to the faculty sen
ate, which was due to issue a
report on the crisis yesterday.
