# Dear Mrs. R
## 
### 
Those who wish to take Joan
Robinson's lecture course on the
political economy of advanced
capitalist countries, but who failed
to do so previously, please sign up
in the ASSU office next week. All
those who previously signed up for
the seminars or the lecture please
consult the information sheets in
the ASSU office.
Those who wish to take Joan
Robinson's lecture course on the
political economy of advanced
capitalist countries, but who failed
to do so previously, please sign up
in the ASSU office next week. All
those who previously signed up for
the seminars or the lecture please
consult the information sheets in
the ASSU office.
Those who wish to take Joan
Robinson's lecture course on the
political economy of advanced
capitalist countries, but who failed
to do so previously, please sign up
in the ASSU office next week. All
those who previously signed up for
the seminars or the lecture please
consult the information sheets in
the ASSU office.
Those who wish to take Joan
Robinson's lecture course on the
political economy of advanced
capitalist countries, but who failed
to do so previously, please sign up
in the ASSU office next week. All
those who previously signed up for
the seminars or the lecture please
consult the information sheets in
the ASSU office.
Those who wish to take Joan
Robinson's lecture course on the
political economy of advanced
capitalist countries, but who failed
to do so previously, please sign up
in the ASSU office next week. All
those who previously signed up for
the seminars or the lecture please
consult the information sheets in
the ASSU office.
Those who wish to take Joan
Robinson's lecture course on the
political economy of advanced
capitalist countries, but who failed
to do so previously, please sign up
in the ASSU office next week. All
those who previously signed up for
the seminars or the lecture please
consult the information sheets in
the ASSU office.
Those who wish to take Joan
Robinson's lecture course on the
political economy of advanced
capitalist countries, but who failed
to do so previously, please sign up
in the ASSU office next week. All
those who previously signed up for
the seminars or the lecture please
consult the information sheets in
the ASSU office.
Those who wish to take Joan
Robinson's lecture course on the
political economy of advanced
capitalist countries, but who failed
to do so previously, please sign up
in the ASSU office next week. All
those who previously signed up for
the seminars or the lecture please
consult the information sheets in
the ASSU office.
Those who wish to take Joan
Robinson's lecture course on the
political economy of advanced
capitalist countries, but who failed
to do so previously, please sign up
in the ASSU office next week. All
those who previously signed up for
the seminars or the lecture please
consult the information sheets in
the ASSU office.
Those who wish to take Joan
Robinson's lecture course on the
political economy of advanced
capitalist countries, but who failed
to do so previously, please sign up
in the ASSU office next week. All
those who previously signed up for
the seminars or the lecture please
consult the information sheets in
the ASSU office.
Those who wish to take Joan
Robinson's lecture course on the
political economy of advanced
capitalist countries, but who failed
to do so previously, please sign up
in the ASSU office next week. All
those who previously signed up for
the seminars or the lecture please
consult the information sheets in
the ASSU office.
Those who wish to take Joan
Robinson's lecture course on the
political economy of advanced
capitalist countries, but who failed
to do so previously, please sign up
in the ASSU office next week. All
those who previously signed up for
the seminars or the lecture please
consult the information sheets in
the ASSU office.
Those who wish to take Joan
Robinson's lecture course on the
political economy of advanced
capitalist countries, but who failed
to do so previously, please sign up
in the ASSU office next week. All
those who previously signed up for
the seminars or the lecture please
consult the information sheets in
the ASSU office.
Those who wish to take Joan
Robinson's lecture course on the
political economy of advanced
capitalist countries, but who failed
to do so previously, please sign up
in the ASSU office next week. All
those who previously signed up for
the seminars or the lecture please
consult the information sheets in
the ASSU office.
