# Palo Alto High Practises Rugby.
## 
### 
The Palo Alto High School boasts of
fifty-eight rugby candidates who were
called out the other day, under the
leadership of Ernest Risling. It is
expected that this list will be in
creased to sixty-five in a few days.
Three teams and possibly four will be
organized. The field has been repair
ed during the summer and the men are
ready for work. It is large enough
for several squads to practise at the
same time. Yesterday the first prac
tice occurred. b
The Palo Alto High School boasts of
fifty-eight rugby candidates who were
called out the other day, under the
leadership of Ernest Risling. It is
expected that this list will be in
creased to sixty-five in a few days.
Three teams and possibly four will be
organized. The field has been repair
ed during the summer and the men are
ready for work. It is large enough
for several squads to practise at the
same time. Yesterday the first prac
tice occurred. b
The Palo Alto High School boasts of
fifty-eight rugby candidates who were
called out the other day, under the
leadership of Ernest Risling. It is
expected that this list will be in
creased to sixty-five in a few days.
Three teams and possibly four will be
organized. The field has been repair
ed during the summer and the men are
ready for work. It is large enough
for several squads to practise at the
same time. Yesterday the first prac
tice occurred. b
The Palo Alto High School boasts of
fifty-eight rugby candidates who were
called out the other day, under the
leadership of Ernest Risling. It is
expected that this list will be in
creased to sixty-five in a few days.
Three teams and possibly four will be
organized. The field has been repair
ed during the summer and the men are
ready for work. It is large enough
for several squads to practise at the
same time. Yesterday the first prac
tice occurred. b
The Palo Alto High School boasts of
fifty-eight rugby candidates who were
called out the other day, under the
leadership of Ernest Risling. It is
expected that this list will be in
creased to sixty-five in a few days.
Three teams and possibly four will be
organized. The field has been repair
ed during the summer and the men are
ready for work. It is large enough
for several squads to practise at the
same time. Yesterday the first prac
tice occurred. b
The Palo Alto High School boasts of
fifty-eight rugby candidates who were
called out the other day, under the
leadership of Ernest Risling. It is
expected that this list will be in
creased to sixty-five in a few days.
Three teams and possibly four will be
organized. The field has been repair
ed during the summer and the men are
ready for work. It is large enough
for several squads to practise at the
same time. Yesterday the first prac
tice occurred. b
The Palo Alto High School boasts of
fifty-eight rugby candidates who were
called out the other day, under the
leadership of Ernest Risling. It is
expected that this list will be in
creased to sixty-five in a few days.
Three teams and possibly four will be
organized. The field has been repair
ed during the summer and the men are
ready for work. It is large enough
for several squads to practise at the
same time. Yesterday the first prac
tice occurred. b
The Palo Alto High School boasts of
fifty-eight rugby candidates who were
called out the other day, under the
leadership of Ernest Risling. It is
expected that this list will be in
creased to sixty-five in a few days.
Three teams and possibly four will be
organized. The field has been repair
ed during the summer and the men are
ready for work. It is large enough
for several squads to practise at the
same time. Yesterday the first prac
tice occurred. b
The Palo Alto High School boasts of
fifty-eight rugby candidates who were
called out the other day, under the
leadership of Ernest Risling. It is
expected that this list will be in
creased to sixty-five in a few days.
Three teams and possibly four will be
organized. The field has been repair
ed during the summer and the men are
ready for work. It is large enough
for several squads to practise at the
same time. Yesterday the first prac
tice occurred. b
The Palo Alto High School boasts of
fifty-eight rugby candidates who were
called out the other day, under the
leadership of Ernest Risling. It is
expected that this list will be in
creased to sixty-five in a few days.
Three teams and possibly four will be
organized. The field has been repair
ed during the summer and the men are
ready for work. It is large enough
for several squads to practise at the
same time. Yesterday the first prac
tice occurred. b
The Palo Alto High School boasts of
fifty-eight rugby candidates who were
called out the other day, under the
leadership of Ernest Risling. It is
expected that this list will be in
creased to sixty-five in a few days.
Three teams and possibly four will be
organized. The field has been repair
ed during the summer and the men are
ready for work. It is large enough
for several squads to practise at the
same time. Yesterday the first prac
tice occurred. b
The Palo Alto High School boasts of
fifty-eight rugby candidates who were
called out the other day, under the
leadership of Ernest Risling. It is
expected that this list will be in
creased to sixty-five in a few days.
Three teams and possibly four will be
organized. The field has been repair
ed during the summer and the men are
ready for work. It is large enough
for several squads to practise at the
same time. Yesterday the first prac
tice occurred. b
