# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Mrs. Marion de Lappe. of San Fran
cisco. will be married late in the year
to Robert Pike. Stanford ex-'Ofi. of
Berkeley.
Mrs. Marion de Lappe. of San Fran
cisco. will be married late in the year
to Robert Pike. Stanford ex-'Ofi. of
Berkeley.
Mrs. Marion de Lappe. of San Fran
cisco. will be married late in the year
to Robert Pike. Stanford ex-'Ofi. of
Berkeley.
Mrs. Marion de Lappe. of San Fran
cisco. will be married late in the year
to Robert Pike. Stanford ex-'Ofi. of
Berkeley.
Mrs. Marion de Lappe. of San Fran
cisco. will be married late in the year
to Robert Pike. Stanford ex-'Ofi. of
Berkeley.
Mrs. Marion de Lappe. of San Fran
cisco. will be married late in the year
to Robert Pike. Stanford ex-'Ofi. of
Berkeley.
Mrs. Marion de Lappe. of San Fran
cisco. will be married late in the year
to Robert Pike. Stanford ex-'Ofi. of
Berkeley.
Mrs. Marion de Lappe. of San Fran
cisco. will be married late in the year
to Robert Pike. Stanford ex-'Ofi. of
Berkeley.
Mrs. Marion de Lappe. of San Fran
cisco. will be married late in the year
to Robert Pike. Stanford ex-'Ofi. of
Berkeley.
Mrs. Marion de Lappe. of San Fran
cisco. will be married late in the year
to Robert Pike. Stanford ex-'Ofi. of
Berkeley.
Mrs. Marion de Lappe. of San Fran
cisco. will be married late in the year
to Robert Pike. Stanford ex-'Ofi. of
Berkeley.
Mrs. Marion de Lappe. of San Fran
cisco. will be married late in the year
to Robert Pike. Stanford ex-'Ofi. of
Berkeley.
