# Untitled Article
## 
### 

F. C. Brown, '11, whose return to
College removes Rugby worry over
the full back position.

F. C. Brown, '11, whose return to
College removes Rugby worry over
the full back position.

F. C. Brown, '11, whose return to
College removes Rugby worry over
the full back position.

F. C. Brown, '11, whose return to
College removes Rugby worry over
the full back position.

F. C. Brown, '11, whose return to
College removes Rugby worry over
the full back position.

F. C. Brown, '11, whose return to
College removes Rugby worry over
the full back position.

F. C. Brown, '11, whose return to
College removes Rugby worry over
the full back position.

F. C. Brown, '11, whose return to
College removes Rugby worry over
the full back position.

F. C. Brown, '11, whose return to
College removes Rugby worry over
the full back position.

F. C. Brown, '11, whose return to
College removes Rugby worry over
the full back position.

F. C. Brown, '11, whose return to
College removes Rugby worry over
the full back position.

F. C. Brown, '11, whose return to
College removes Rugby worry over
the full back position.
