# New Trade Group To Meet Tonight
## 
### 
The fifth meeting of the Foreign
Trade and Service Club, organized
five weeks ago by Farm senior Al
Agnew, will be held tonight in the
library of the Political Science
Building.
The purpose of the club is to ar
range discussions on the subject of
world affairs in the fight, of eco
nomics and politics between students
and faculty interested in trade and
service. Recent interest in world
politics, as shown by increased en
rollment in classes dealing with the
subject, led the group to believe that
an organization of this type would
be of interest to a great number of
students.
Election of officers was held at the
last meeting, last Wednesday. Sid
ney Miller is president, Frances
Crawford vice - president, Atui
Walker secretary, and Al Agnew
program manager.
