# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A record of consecutive defeats for
the Stanford team has been the his
tory of the past four seasons of in
tercollegiate Freshman contests. To
morrow'. when the 1913 fifteen goes
into the match on California Field,
we expect that this spell will he
broken. All that scientific training
and expert coaching can do to produce
a winning team has been done by
"Dad" and George Presley. The out
come now rests with the team and the
Student Body, in the men on the
Freshman team we have the utmost
confidence, knowing that they may be
trusted to do their work well. But
no matter how capable the team, it
must have the proper spirit behind
it. The enthusiasm which character
ized the rally last night should be
in evidence on the bleachers during
the game and every member of the
Student Body should be at California
Field tomorrow.
