# Farm Profs Will Speak at Institute
## 
### 
Three members of the Stanford
faculty will participate in a one
day institute sponsored by the
World Affairs Council of Northern
California in San Francisco tomor
row. "After Stalin's Death . . will
be the subject.
Tiio Stanford participants will be
Dr. Harold H. Fisher, chairman,
Hoover Institute and Library; Pro
fessor Itliiel de Sola Pool, Hoover
Institute and Library; and Profes
sor Anatolc CI. Mazour of the His
| lory Department.
Three members of the Stanford
faculty will participate in a one
day institute sponsored by the
World Affairs Council of Northern
California in San Francisco tomor
row. "After Stalin's Death . . will
be the subject.
Tiio Stanford participants will be
Dr. Harold H. Fisher, chairman,
Hoover Institute and Library; Pro
fessor Itliiel de Sola Pool, Hoover
Institute and Library; and Profes
sor Anatolc CI. Mazour of the His
| lory Department.
Three members of the Stanford
faculty will participate in a one
day institute sponsored by the
World Affairs Council of Northern
California in San Francisco tomor
row. "After Stalin's Death . . will
be the subject.
Tiio Stanford participants will be
Dr. Harold H. Fisher, chairman,
Hoover Institute and Library; Pro
fessor Itliiel de Sola Pool, Hoover
Institute and Library; and Profes
sor Anatolc CI. Mazour of the His
| lory Department.
Three members of the Stanford
faculty will participate in a one
day institute sponsored by the
World Affairs Council of Northern
California in San Francisco tomor
row. "After Stalin's Death . . will
be the subject.
Tiio Stanford participants will be
Dr. Harold H. Fisher, chairman,
Hoover Institute and Library; Pro
fessor Itliiel de Sola Pool, Hoover
Institute and Library; and Profes
sor Anatolc CI. Mazour of the His
| lory Department.
Three members of the Stanford
faculty will participate in a one
day institute sponsored by the
World Affairs Council of Northern
California in San Francisco tomor
row. "After Stalin's Death . . will
be the subject.
Tiio Stanford participants will be
Dr. Harold H. Fisher, chairman,
Hoover Institute and Library; Pro
fessor Itliiel de Sola Pool, Hoover
Institute and Library; and Profes
sor Anatolc CI. Mazour of the His
| lory Department.
Three members of the Stanford
faculty will participate in a one
day institute sponsored by the
World Affairs Council of Northern
California in San Francisco tomor
row. "After Stalin's Death . . will
be the subject.
Tiio Stanford participants will be
Dr. Harold H. Fisher, chairman,
Hoover Institute and Library; Pro
fessor Itliiel de Sola Pool, Hoover
Institute and Library; and Profes
sor Anatolc CI. Mazour of the His
| lory Department.
Three members of the Stanford
faculty will participate in a one
day institute sponsored by the
World Affairs Council of Northern
California in San Francisco tomor
row. "After Stalin's Death . . will
be the subject.
Tiio Stanford participants will be
Dr. Harold H. Fisher, chairman,
Hoover Institute and Library; Pro
fessor Itliiel de Sola Pool, Hoover
Institute and Library; and Profes
sor Anatolc CI. Mazour of the His
| lory Department.
Three members of the Stanford
faculty will participate in a one
day institute sponsored by the
World Affairs Council of Northern
California in San Francisco tomor
row. "After Stalin's Death . . will
be the subject.
Tiio Stanford participants will be
Dr. Harold H. Fisher, chairman,
Hoover Institute and Library; Pro
fessor Itliiel de Sola Pool, Hoover
Institute and Library; and Profes
sor Anatolc CI. Mazour of the His
| lory Department.
Three members of the Stanford
faculty will participate in a one
day institute sponsored by the
World Affairs Council of Northern
California in San Francisco tomor
row. "After Stalin's Death . . will
be the subject.
Tiio Stanford participants will be
Dr. Harold H. Fisher, chairman,
Hoover Institute and Library; Pro
fessor Itliiel de Sola Pool, Hoover
Institute and Library; and Profes
sor Anatolc CI. Mazour of the His
| lory Department.
Three members of the Stanford
faculty will participate in a one
day institute sponsored by the
World Affairs Council of Northern
California in San Francisco tomor
row. "After Stalin's Death . . will
be the subject.
Tiio Stanford participants will be
Dr. Harold H. Fisher, chairman,
Hoover Institute and Library; Pro
fessor Itliiel de Sola Pool, Hoover
Institute and Library; and Profes
sor Anatolc CI. Mazour of the His
| lory Department.
Three members of the Stanford
faculty will participate in a one
day institute sponsored by the
World Affairs Council of Northern
California in San Francisco tomor
row. "After Stalin's Death . . will
be the subject.
Tiio Stanford participants will be
Dr. Harold H. Fisher, chairman,
Hoover Institute and Library; Pro
fessor Itliiel de Sola Pool, Hoover
Institute and Library; and Profes
sor Anatolc CI. Mazour of the His
| lory Department.
Three members of the Stanford
faculty will participate in a one
day institute sponsored by the
World Affairs Council of Northern
California in San Francisco tomor
row. "After Stalin's Death . . will
be the subject.
Tiio Stanford participants will be
Dr. Harold H. Fisher, chairman,
Hoover Institute and Library; Pro
fessor Itliiel de Sola Pool, Hoover
Institute and Library; and Profes
sor Anatolc CI. Mazour of the His
| lory Department.
Three members of the Stanford
faculty will participate in a one
day institute sponsored by the
World Affairs Council of Northern
California in San Francisco tomor
row. "After Stalin's Death . . will
be the subject.
Tiio Stanford participants will be
Dr. Harold H. Fisher, chairman,
Hoover Institute and Library; Pro
fessor Itliiel de Sola Pool, Hoover
Institute and Library; and Profes
sor Anatolc CI. Mazour of the His
| lory Department.
