# A.F. Wilson, '18, Selected Head of 1918 Track Squad
## 
### 
A. F. Wilson, '18, veteran track star
on the Varsity, was today elected cap
tain of the 1918 track squad by the
Varsity men who still remained in col
lege. Wilson is a track man of three
years standing at Stanford, having
competed in track meets every year
since entering college. He won his
block last year when he placed third
in the two-mile and has worn his nu
merals ever since his Freshman year.
Wilson was elected treasurer of the
Senior Class today. He is a member of
the Encina Club and of the circle "S"
society. He is also a member of the
Skull and Snakes and a major in the
Civil Engineering department. W'ilson
is scheduled to speak at the spring
sports rally to be held at Encina Hall
tomorrow night and will outline his
plans for the year and make a call for
candidates at that time.
