# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Wranglers will meet in the Women's
Clnh Hour.e this evening at 7:15 in
stead of at. 8:15 as formerly an
nounced.
Wranglers will meet in the Women's
Clnh Hour.e this evening at 7:15 in
stead of at. 8:15 as formerly an
nounced.
Wranglers will meet in the Women's
Clnh Hour.e this evening at 7:15 in
stead of at. 8:15 as formerly an
nounced.
Wranglers will meet in the Women's
Clnh Hour.e this evening at 7:15 in
stead of at. 8:15 as formerly an
nounced.
Wranglers will meet in the Women's
Clnh Hour.e this evening at 7:15 in
stead of at. 8:15 as formerly an
nounced.
Wranglers will meet in the Women's
Clnh Hour.e this evening at 7:15 in
stead of at. 8:15 as formerly an
nounced.
Wranglers will meet in the Women's
Clnh Hour.e this evening at 7:15 in
stead of at. 8:15 as formerly an
nounced.
Wranglers will meet in the Women's
Clnh Hour.e this evening at 7:15 in
stead of at. 8:15 as formerly an
nounced.
Wranglers will meet in the Women's
Clnh Hour.e this evening at 7:15 in
stead of at. 8:15 as formerly an
nounced.
Wranglers will meet in the Women's
Clnh Hour.e this evening at 7:15 in
stead of at. 8:15 as formerly an
nounced.
Wranglers will meet in the Women's
Clnh Hour.e this evening at 7:15 in
stead of at. 8:15 as formerly an
nounced.
Wranglers will meet in the Women's
Clnh Hour.e this evening at 7:15 in
stead of at. 8:15 as formerly an
nounced.
Wranglers will meet in the Women's
Clnh Hour.e this evening at 7:15 in
stead of at. 8:15 as formerly an
nounced.
Wranglers will meet in the Women's
Clnh Hour.e this evening at 7:15 in
stead of at. 8:15 as formerly an
nounced.
Wranglers will meet in the Women's
Clnh Hour.e this evening at 7:15 in
stead of at. 8:15 as formerly an
nounced.
Wranglers will meet in the Women's
Clnh Hour.e this evening at 7:15 in
stead of at. 8:15 as formerly an
nounced.
