# Stanford Women and Mills to Play Hockey
## 
### 
Mills College will play hockey with
Stanford women on February 9. Prac
tice for the coming game is to take
place every Tuesday and Thursday
afternoons at four o'clock, beginning
tomorrow.
Mills College will play hockey with
Stanford women on February 9. Prac
tice for the coming game is to take
place every Tuesday and Thursday
afternoons at four o'clock, beginning
tomorrow.
Mills College will play hockey with
Stanford women on February 9. Prac
tice for the coming game is to take
place every Tuesday and Thursday
afternoons at four o'clock, beginning
tomorrow.
Mills College will play hockey with
Stanford women on February 9. Prac
tice for the coming game is to take
place every Tuesday and Thursday
afternoons at four o'clock, beginning
tomorrow.
Mills College will play hockey with
Stanford women on February 9. Prac
tice for the coming game is to take
place every Tuesday and Thursday
afternoons at four o'clock, beginning
tomorrow.
Mills College will play hockey with
Stanford women on February 9. Prac
tice for the coming game is to take
place every Tuesday and Thursday
afternoons at four o'clock, beginning
tomorrow.
Mills College will play hockey with
Stanford women on February 9. Prac
tice for the coming game is to take
place every Tuesday and Thursday
afternoons at four o'clock, beginning
tomorrow.
Mills College will play hockey with
Stanford women on February 9. Prac
tice for the coming game is to take
place every Tuesday and Thursday
afternoons at four o'clock, beginning
tomorrow.
Mills College will play hockey with
Stanford women on February 9. Prac
tice for the coming game is to take
place every Tuesday and Thursday
afternoons at four o'clock, beginning
tomorrow.
Mills College will play hockey with
Stanford women on February 9. Prac
tice for the coming game is to take
place every Tuesday and Thursday
afternoons at four o'clock, beginning
tomorrow.
Mills College will play hockey with
Stanford women on February 9. Prac
tice for the coming game is to take
place every Tuesday and Thursday
afternoons at four o'clock, beginning
tomorrow.
Mills College will play hockey with
Stanford women on February 9. Prac
tice for the coming game is to take
place every Tuesday and Thursday
afternoons at four o'clock, beginning
tomorrow.
Mills College will play hockey with
Stanford women on February 9. Prac
tice for the coming game is to take
place every Tuesday and Thursday
afternoons at four o'clock, beginning
tomorrow.
Mills College will play hockey with
Stanford women on February 9. Prac
tice for the coming game is to take
place every Tuesday and Thursday
afternoons at four o'clock, beginning
tomorrow.
Mills College will play hockey with
Stanford women on February 9. Prac
tice for the coming game is to take
place every Tuesday and Thursday
afternoons at four o'clock, beginning
tomorrow.
Mills College will play hockey with
Stanford women on February 9. Prac
tice for the coming game is to take
place every Tuesday and Thursday
afternoons at four o'clock, beginning
tomorrow.
