# LIBRARY RECEIVES VOLUMES ON CHINA
## 
### 
The Library has just received three
interesting old volumes on China.
They are: "The History of that Great
and Renowned Monarchy of China." by
A. Semraedo; "The Crimea and Trans
caucasia," by J. B. Telfer; and "Chi
nese and their Rebellions," by T. T.
Meadows. The first book was written
in 1655. The other two are more mod
ern, both being of the nineteenth cen
tury.
A large shipment of new books is
expected soon.
The Library has just received three
interesting old volumes on China.
They are: "The History of that Great
and Renowned Monarchy of China." by
A. Semraedo; "The Crimea and Trans
caucasia," by J. B. Telfer; and "Chi
nese and their Rebellions," by T. T.
Meadows. The first book was written
in 1655. The other two are more mod
ern, both being of the nineteenth cen
tury.
A large shipment of new books is
expected soon.
The Library has just received three
interesting old volumes on China.
They are: "The History of that Great
and Renowned Monarchy of China." by
A. Semraedo; "The Crimea and Trans
caucasia," by J. B. Telfer; and "Chi
nese and their Rebellions," by T. T.
Meadows. The first book was written
in 1655. The other two are more mod
ern, both being of the nineteenth cen
tury.
A large shipment of new books is
expected soon.
The Library has just received three
interesting old volumes on China.
They are: "The History of that Great
and Renowned Monarchy of China." by
A. Semraedo; "The Crimea and Trans
caucasia," by J. B. Telfer; and "Chi
nese and their Rebellions," by T. T.
Meadows. The first book was written
in 1655. The other two are more mod
ern, both being of the nineteenth cen
tury.
A large shipment of new books is
expected soon.
The Library has just received three
interesting old volumes on China.
They are: "The History of that Great
and Renowned Monarchy of China." by
A. Semraedo; "The Crimea and Trans
caucasia," by J. B. Telfer; and "Chi
nese and their Rebellions," by T. T.
Meadows. The first book was written
in 1655. The other two are more mod
ern, both being of the nineteenth cen
tury.
A large shipment of new books is
expected soon.
The Library has just received three
interesting old volumes on China.
They are: "The History of that Great
and Renowned Monarchy of China." by
A. Semraedo; "The Crimea and Trans
caucasia," by J. B. Telfer; and "Chi
nese and their Rebellions," by T. T.
Meadows. The first book was written
in 1655. The other two are more mod
ern, both being of the nineteenth cen
tury.
A large shipment of new books is
expected soon.
The Library has just received three
interesting old volumes on China.
They are: "The History of that Great
and Renowned Monarchy of China." by
A. Semraedo; "The Crimea and Trans
caucasia," by J. B. Telfer; and "Chi
nese and their Rebellions," by T. T.
Meadows. The first book was written
in 1655. The other two are more mod
ern, both being of the nineteenth cen
tury.
A large shipment of new books is
expected soon.
The Library has just received three
interesting old volumes on China.
They are: "The History of that Great
and Renowned Monarchy of China." by
A. Semraedo; "The Crimea and Trans
caucasia," by J. B. Telfer; and "Chi
nese and their Rebellions," by T. T.
Meadows. The first book was written
in 1655. The other two are more mod
ern, both being of the nineteenth cen
tury.
A large shipment of new books is
expected soon.
The Library has just received three
interesting old volumes on China.
They are: "The History of that Great
and Renowned Monarchy of China." by
A. Semraedo; "The Crimea and Trans
caucasia," by J. B. Telfer; and "Chi
nese and their Rebellions," by T. T.
Meadows. The first book was written
in 1655. The other two are more mod
ern, both being of the nineteenth cen
tury.
A large shipment of new books is
expected soon.
The Library has just received three
interesting old volumes on China.
They are: "The History of that Great
and Renowned Monarchy of China." by
A. Semraedo; "The Crimea and Trans
caucasia," by J. B. Telfer; and "Chi
nese and their Rebellions," by T. T.
Meadows. The first book was written
in 1655. The other two are more mod
ern, both being of the nineteenth cen
tury.
A large shipment of new books is
expected soon.
The Library has just received three
interesting old volumes on China.
They are: "The History of that Great
and Renowned Monarchy of China." by
A. Semraedo; "The Crimea and Trans
caucasia," by J. B. Telfer; and "Chi
nese and their Rebellions," by T. T.
Meadows. The first book was written
in 1655. The other two are more mod
ern, both being of the nineteenth cen
tury.
A large shipment of new books is
expected soon.
The Library has just received three
interesting old volumes on China.
They are: "The History of that Great
and Renowned Monarchy of China." by
A. Semraedo; "The Crimea and Trans
caucasia," by J. B. Telfer; and "Chi
nese and their Rebellions," by T. T.
Meadows. The first book was written
in 1655. The other two are more mod
ern, both being of the nineteenth cen
tury.
A large shipment of new books is
expected soon.
The Library has just received three
interesting old volumes on China.
They are: "The History of that Great
and Renowned Monarchy of China." by
A. Semraedo; "The Crimea and Trans
caucasia," by J. B. Telfer; and "Chi
nese and their Rebellions," by T. T.
Meadows. The first book was written
in 1655. The other two are more mod
ern, both being of the nineteenth cen
tury.
A large shipment of new books is
expected soon.
The Library has just received three
interesting old volumes on China.
They are: "The History of that Great
and Renowned Monarchy of China." by
A. Semraedo; "The Crimea and Trans
caucasia," by J. B. Telfer; and "Chi
nese and their Rebellions," by T. T.
Meadows. The first book was written
in 1655. The other two are more mod
ern, both being of the nineteenth cen
tury.
A large shipment of new books is
expected soon.
The Library has just received three
interesting old volumes on China.
They are: "The History of that Great
and Renowned Monarchy of China." by
A. Semraedo; "The Crimea and Trans
caucasia," by J. B. Telfer; and "Chi
nese and their Rebellions," by T. T.
Meadows. The first book was written
in 1655. The other two are more mod
ern, both being of the nineteenth cen
tury.
A large shipment of new books is
expected soon.
The Library has just received three
interesting old volumes on China.
They are: "The History of that Great
and Renowned Monarchy of China." by
A. Semraedo; "The Crimea and Trans
caucasia," by J. B. Telfer; and "Chi
nese and their Rebellions," by T. T.
Meadows. The first book was written
in 1655. The other two are more mod
ern, both being of the nineteenth cen
tury.
A large shipment of new books is
expected soon.
