# Adv. 85 Page 16
## 
### 
OUR JOB
is to help obtain u.'most
cir performance at pleas
ing iow cos?. Consider us
as friendly " neighbors"
— Vhit our shop regu
larly, so wc can add »o
your motoring satisfac
tion.
♦
COMMUNITY
MOTORS
HUDSON
SALES And SERVICE
Telephone DA 3-2401
430 Emerson Street
Palo Airo
OUR JOB
is to help obtain u.'most
cir performance at pleas
ing iow cos?. Consider us
as friendly " neighbors"
— Vhit our shop regu
larly, so wc can add »o
your motoring satisfac
tion.
♦
COMMUNITY
MOTORS
HUDSON
SALES And SERVICE
Telephone DA 3-2401
430 Emerson Street
Palo Airo
OUR JOB
is to help obtain u.'most
cir performance at pleas
ing iow cos?. Consider us
as friendly " neighbors"
— Vhit our shop regu
larly, so wc can add »o
your motoring satisfac
tion.
♦
COMMUNITY
MOTORS
HUDSON
SALES And SERVICE
Telephone DA 3-2401
430 Emerson Street
Palo Airo
OUR JOB
is to help obtain u.'most
cir performance at pleas
ing iow cos?. Consider us
as friendly " neighbors"
— Vhit our shop regu
larly, so wc can add »o
your motoring satisfac
tion.
♦
COMMUNITY
MOTORS
HUDSON
SALES And SERVICE
Telephone DA 3-2401
430 Emerson Street
Palo Airo
OUR JOB
is to help obtain u.'most
cir performance at pleas
ing iow cos?. Consider us
as friendly " neighbors"
— Vhit our shop regu
larly, so wc can add »o
your motoring satisfac
tion.
♦
COMMUNITY
MOTORS
HUDSON
SALES And SERVICE
Telephone DA 3-2401
430 Emerson Street
Palo Airo
OUR JOB
is to help obtain u.'most
cir performance at pleas
ing iow cos?. Consider us
as friendly " neighbors"
— Vhit our shop regu
larly, so wc can add »o
your motoring satisfac
tion.
♦
COMMUNITY
MOTORS
HUDSON
SALES And SERVICE
Telephone DA 3-2401
430 Emerson Street
Palo Airo
OUR JOB
is to help obtain u.'most
cir performance at pleas
ing iow cos?. Consider us
as friendly " neighbors"
— Vhit our shop regu
larly, so wc can add »o
your motoring satisfac
tion.
♦
COMMUNITY
MOTORS
HUDSON
SALES And SERVICE
Telephone DA 3-2401
430 Emerson Street
Palo Airo
OUR JOB
is to help obtain u.'most
cir performance at pleas
ing iow cos?. Consider us
as friendly " neighbors"
— Vhit our shop regu
larly, so wc can add »o
your motoring satisfac
tion.
♦
COMMUNITY
MOTORS
HUDSON
SALES And SERVICE
Telephone DA 3-2401
430 Emerson Street
Palo Airo
OUR JOB
is to help obtain u.'most
cir performance at pleas
ing iow cos?. Consider us
as friendly " neighbors"
— Vhit our shop regu
larly, so wc can add »o
your motoring satisfac
tion.
♦
COMMUNITY
MOTORS
HUDSON
SALES And SERVICE
Telephone DA 3-2401
430 Emerson Street
Palo Airo
OUR JOB
is to help obtain u.'most
cir performance at pleas
ing iow cos?. Consider us
as friendly " neighbors"
— Vhit our shop regu
larly, so wc can add »o
your motoring satisfac
tion.
♦
COMMUNITY
MOTORS
HUDSON
SALES And SERVICE
Telephone DA 3-2401
430 Emerson Street
Palo Airo
OUR JOB
is to help obtain u.'most
cir performance at pleas
ing iow cos?. Consider us
as friendly " neighbors"
— Vhit our shop regu
larly, so wc can add »o
your motoring satisfac
tion.
♦
COMMUNITY
MOTORS
HUDSON
SALES And SERVICE
Telephone DA 3-2401
430 Emerson Street
Palo Airo
OUR JOB
is to help obtain u.'most
cir performance at pleas
ing iow cos?. Consider us
as friendly " neighbors"
— Vhit our shop regu
larly, so wc can add »o
your motoring satisfac
tion.
♦
COMMUNITY
MOTORS
HUDSON
SALES And SERVICE
Telephone DA 3-2401
430 Emerson Street
Palo Airo
OUR JOB
is to help obtain u.'most
cir performance at pleas
ing iow cos?. Consider us
as friendly " neighbors"
— Vhit our shop regu
larly, so wc can add »o
your motoring satisfac
tion.
♦
COMMUNITY
MOTORS
HUDSON
SALES And SERVICE
Telephone DA 3-2401
430 Emerson Street
Palo Airo
OUR JOB
is to help obtain u.'most
cir performance at pleas
ing iow cos?. Consider us
as friendly " neighbors"
— Vhit our shop regu
larly, so wc can add »o
your motoring satisfac
tion.
♦
COMMUNITY
MOTORS
HUDSON
SALES And SERVICE
Telephone DA 3-2401
430 Emerson Street
Palo Airo
