# TREES COULD USE AXE
## 
### 
One of the saddest sidelights to
the Big Game parade in pa; t yean;
lias been the result of the many
low-hanging trees on campus. Prac
tically every year has s-een a mas
sive float roll out onto the street
after many hours of painful con
struction only to collide with some
unplanned-for and unexpected tree
branches overhangin« th« street
with dire results to the float.
One of the saddest sidelights to
the Big Game parade in pa; t yean;
lias been the result of the many
low-hanging trees on campus. Prac
tically every year has s-een a mas
sive float roll out onto the street
after many hours of painful con
struction only to collide with some
unplanned-for and unexpected tree
branches overhangin« th« street
with dire results to the float.
One of the saddest sidelights to
the Big Game parade in pa; t yean;
lias been the result of the many
low-hanging trees on campus. Prac
tically every year has s-een a mas
sive float roll out onto the street
after many hours of painful con
struction only to collide with some
unplanned-for and unexpected tree
branches overhangin« th« street
with dire results to the float.
One of the saddest sidelights to
the Big Game parade in pa; t yean;
lias been the result of the many
low-hanging trees on campus. Prac
tically every year has s-een a mas
sive float roll out onto the street
after many hours of painful con
struction only to collide with some
unplanned-for and unexpected tree
branches overhangin« th« street
with dire results to the float.
One of the saddest sidelights to
the Big Game parade in pa; t yean;
lias been the result of the many
low-hanging trees on campus. Prac
tically every year has s-een a mas
sive float roll out onto the street
after many hours of painful con
struction only to collide with some
unplanned-for and unexpected tree
branches overhangin« th« street
with dire results to the float.
One of the saddest sidelights to
the Big Game parade in pa; t yean;
lias been the result of the many
low-hanging trees on campus. Prac
tically every year has s-een a mas
sive float roll out onto the street
after many hours of painful con
struction only to collide with some
unplanned-for and unexpected tree
branches overhangin« th« street
with dire results to the float.
One of the saddest sidelights to
the Big Game parade in pa; t yean;
lias been the result of the many
low-hanging trees on campus. Prac
tically every year has s-een a mas
sive float roll out onto the street
after many hours of painful con
struction only to collide with some
unplanned-for and unexpected tree
branches overhangin« th« street
with dire results to the float.
One of the saddest sidelights to
the Big Game parade in pa; t yean;
lias been the result of the many
low-hanging trees on campus. Prac
tically every year has s-een a mas
sive float roll out onto the street
after many hours of painful con
struction only to collide with some
unplanned-for and unexpected tree
branches overhangin« th« street
with dire results to the float.
One of the saddest sidelights to
the Big Game parade in pa; t yean;
lias been the result of the many
low-hanging trees on campus. Prac
tically every year has s-een a mas
sive float roll out onto the street
after many hours of painful con
struction only to collide with some
unplanned-for and unexpected tree
branches overhangin« th« street
with dire results to the float.
One of the saddest sidelights to
the Big Game parade in pa; t yean;
lias been the result of the many
low-hanging trees on campus. Prac
tically every year has s-een a mas
sive float roll out onto the street
after many hours of painful con
struction only to collide with some
unplanned-for and unexpected tree
branches overhangin« th« street
with dire results to the float.
One of the saddest sidelights to
the Big Game parade in pa; t yean;
lias been the result of the many
low-hanging trees on campus. Prac
tically every year has s-een a mas
sive float roll out onto the street
after many hours of painful con
struction only to collide with some
unplanned-for and unexpected tree
branches overhangin« th« street
with dire results to the float.
One of the saddest sidelights to
the Big Game parade in pa; t yean;
lias been the result of the many
low-hanging trees on campus. Prac
tically every year has s-een a mas
sive float roll out onto the street
after many hours of painful con
struction only to collide with some
unplanned-for and unexpected tree
branches overhangin« th« street
with dire results to the float.
One of the saddest sidelights to
the Big Game parade in pa; t yean;
lias been the result of the many
low-hanging trees on campus. Prac
tically every year has s-een a mas
sive float roll out onto the street
after many hours of painful con
struction only to collide with some
unplanned-for and unexpected tree
branches overhangin« th« street
with dire results to the float.
One of the saddest sidelights to
the Big Game parade in pa; t yean;
lias been the result of the many
low-hanging trees on campus. Prac
tically every year has s-een a mas
sive float roll out onto the street
after many hours of painful con
struction only to collide with some
unplanned-for and unexpected tree
branches overhangin« th« street
with dire results to the float.
