# Class Will Be Held For Hoop Officials
## 
### 
A demonstration class lor pros
pective intramural basketball offi
cials will be held Tuesday, Nov. 28,
at 4:30 p.m. in the Pavilion. All
students interested in officiating
must sign up with Bob Young's of
fice.
'l'lw final play-offs for the present
mural football and volleyball sea
son are to be held Monday at 4 p.m.
Of Cat's I'M) opponents Stanford
boasts the oldest rivalry with the
Bears, the Big Chime series dating
back to 1h92.
A demonstration class lor pros
pective intramural basketball offi
cials will be held Tuesday, Nov. 28,
at 4:30 p.m. in the Pavilion. All
students interested in officiating
must sign up with Bob Young's of
fice.
'l'lw final play-offs for the present
mural football and volleyball sea
son are to be held Monday at 4 p.m.
Of Cat's I'M) opponents Stanford
boasts the oldest rivalry with the
Bears, the Big Chime series dating
back to 1h92.
A demonstration class lor pros
pective intramural basketball offi
cials will be held Tuesday, Nov. 28,
at 4:30 p.m. in the Pavilion. All
students interested in officiating
must sign up with Bob Young's of
fice.
'l'lw final play-offs for the present
mural football and volleyball sea
son are to be held Monday at 4 p.m.
Of Cat's I'M) opponents Stanford
boasts the oldest rivalry with the
Bears, the Big Chime series dating
back to 1h92.
A demonstration class lor pros
pective intramural basketball offi
cials will be held Tuesday, Nov. 28,
at 4:30 p.m. in the Pavilion. All
students interested in officiating
must sign up with Bob Young's of
fice.
'l'lw final play-offs for the present
mural football and volleyball sea
son are to be held Monday at 4 p.m.
Of Cat's I'M) opponents Stanford
boasts the oldest rivalry with the
Bears, the Big Chime series dating
back to 1h92.
A demonstration class lor pros
pective intramural basketball offi
cials will be held Tuesday, Nov. 28,
at 4:30 p.m. in the Pavilion. All
students interested in officiating
must sign up with Bob Young's of
fice.
'l'lw final play-offs for the present
mural football and volleyball sea
son are to be held Monday at 4 p.m.
Of Cat's I'M) opponents Stanford
boasts the oldest rivalry with the
Bears, the Big Chime series dating
back to 1h92.
A demonstration class lor pros
pective intramural basketball offi
cials will be held Tuesday, Nov. 28,
at 4:30 p.m. in the Pavilion. All
students interested in officiating
must sign up with Bob Young's of
fice.
'l'lw final play-offs for the present
mural football and volleyball sea
son are to be held Monday at 4 p.m.
Of Cat's I'M) opponents Stanford
boasts the oldest rivalry with the
Bears, the Big Chime series dating
back to 1h92.
A demonstration class lor pros
pective intramural basketball offi
cials will be held Tuesday, Nov. 28,
at 4:30 p.m. in the Pavilion. All
students interested in officiating
must sign up with Bob Young's of
fice.
'l'lw final play-offs for the present
mural football and volleyball sea
son are to be held Monday at 4 p.m.
Of Cat's I'M) opponents Stanford
boasts the oldest rivalry with the
Bears, the Big Chime series dating
back to 1h92.
A demonstration class lor pros
pective intramural basketball offi
cials will be held Tuesday, Nov. 28,
at 4:30 p.m. in the Pavilion. All
students interested in officiating
must sign up with Bob Young's of
fice.
'l'lw final play-offs for the present
mural football and volleyball sea
son are to be held Monday at 4 p.m.
Of Cat's I'M) opponents Stanford
boasts the oldest rivalry with the
Bears, the Big Chime series dating
back to 1h92.
A demonstration class lor pros
pective intramural basketball offi
cials will be held Tuesday, Nov. 28,
at 4:30 p.m. in the Pavilion. All
students interested in officiating
must sign up with Bob Young's of
fice.
'l'lw final play-offs for the present
mural football and volleyball sea
son are to be held Monday at 4 p.m.
Of Cat's I'M) opponents Stanford
boasts the oldest rivalry with the
Bears, the Big Chime series dating
back to 1h92.
A demonstration class lor pros
pective intramural basketball offi
cials will be held Tuesday, Nov. 28,
at 4:30 p.m. in the Pavilion. All
students interested in officiating
must sign up with Bob Young's of
fice.
'l'lw final play-offs for the present
mural football and volleyball sea
son are to be held Monday at 4 p.m.
Of Cat's I'M) opponents Stanford
boasts the oldest rivalry with the
Bears, the Big Chime series dating
back to 1h92.
A demonstration class lor pros
pective intramural basketball offi
cials will be held Tuesday, Nov. 28,
at 4:30 p.m. in the Pavilion. All
students interested in officiating
must sign up with Bob Young's of
fice.
'l'lw final play-offs for the present
mural football and volleyball sea
son are to be held Monday at 4 p.m.
Of Cat's I'M) opponents Stanford
boasts the oldest rivalry with the
Bears, the Big Chime series dating
back to 1h92.
A demonstration class lor pros
pective intramural basketball offi
cials will be held Tuesday, Nov. 28,
at 4:30 p.m. in the Pavilion. All
students interested in officiating
must sign up with Bob Young's of
fice.
'l'lw final play-offs for the present
mural football and volleyball sea
son are to be held Monday at 4 p.m.
Of Cat's I'M) opponents Stanford
boasts the oldest rivalry with the
Bears, the Big Chime series dating
back to 1h92.
A demonstration class lor pros
pective intramural basketball offi
cials will be held Tuesday, Nov. 28,
at 4:30 p.m. in the Pavilion. All
students interested in officiating
must sign up with Bob Young's of
fice.
'l'lw final play-offs for the present
mural football and volleyball sea
son are to be held Monday at 4 p.m.
Of Cat's I'M) opponents Stanford
boasts the oldest rivalry with the
Bears, the Big Chime series dating
back to 1h92.
A demonstration class lor pros
pective intramural basketball offi
cials will be held Tuesday, Nov. 28,
at 4:30 p.m. in the Pavilion. All
students interested in officiating
must sign up with Bob Young's of
fice.
'l'lw final play-offs for the present
mural football and volleyball sea
son are to be held Monday at 4 p.m.
Of Cat's I'M) opponents Stanford
boasts the oldest rivalry with the
Bears, the Big Chime series dating
back to 1h92.
