# BAND PERFORMED IN '93
## 
### 
Stanford's band first performed in
the Big Game of 1893. That year 33
men marched, in 1929 there were 104,
this year there will be 88.
Stanford's band first performed in
the Big Game of 1893. That year 33
men marched, in 1929 there were 104,
this year there will be 88.
Stanford's band first performed in
the Big Game of 1893. That year 33
men marched, in 1929 there were 104,
this year there will be 88.
Stanford's band first performed in
the Big Game of 1893. That year 33
men marched, in 1929 there were 104,
this year there will be 88.
Stanford's band first performed in
the Big Game of 1893. That year 33
men marched, in 1929 there were 104,
this year there will be 88.
Stanford's band first performed in
the Big Game of 1893. That year 33
men marched, in 1929 there were 104,
this year there will be 88.
Stanford's band first performed in
the Big Game of 1893. That year 33
men marched, in 1929 there were 104,
this year there will be 88.
Stanford's band first performed in
the Big Game of 1893. That year 33
men marched, in 1929 there were 104,
this year there will be 88.
Stanford's band first performed in
the Big Game of 1893. That year 33
men marched, in 1929 there were 104,
this year there will be 88.
Stanford's band first performed in
the Big Game of 1893. That year 33
men marched, in 1929 there were 104,
this year there will be 88.
Stanford's band first performed in
the Big Game of 1893. That year 33
men marched, in 1929 there were 104,
this year there will be 88.
Stanford's band first performed in
the Big Game of 1893. That year 33
men marched, in 1929 there were 104,
this year there will be 88.
Stanford's band first performed in
the Big Game of 1893. That year 33
men marched, in 1929 there were 104,
this year there will be 88.
Stanford's band first performed in
the Big Game of 1893. That year 33
men marched, in 1929 there were 104,
this year there will be 88.
