# NEW TARP FOR CAL
## 
### 
The new tarpaulin for the Cali
fornia football field is made of air
plane rloth, weighs about . 900
pounds, and overlaps both the side
lines and goal lines by five feet.
It takes about 20 minutes to put
it down over the field. The canvas
that was used previously weighed
seven tons, was in six pieces, and
took three hours to put doWn-over
the field.
The new tarpaulin for the Cali
fornia football field is made of air
plane rloth, weighs about . 900
pounds, and overlaps both the side
lines and goal lines by five feet.
It takes about 20 minutes to put
it down over the field. The canvas
that was used previously weighed
seven tons, was in six pieces, and
took three hours to put doWn-over
the field.
The new tarpaulin for the Cali
fornia football field is made of air
plane rloth, weighs about . 900
pounds, and overlaps both the side
lines and goal lines by five feet.
It takes about 20 minutes to put
it down over the field. The canvas
that was used previously weighed
seven tons, was in six pieces, and
took three hours to put doWn-over
the field.
The new tarpaulin for the Cali
fornia football field is made of air
plane rloth, weighs about . 900
pounds, and overlaps both the side
lines and goal lines by five feet.
It takes about 20 minutes to put
it down over the field. The canvas
that was used previously weighed
seven tons, was in six pieces, and
took three hours to put doWn-over
the field.
The new tarpaulin for the Cali
fornia football field is made of air
plane rloth, weighs about . 900
pounds, and overlaps both the side
lines and goal lines by five feet.
It takes about 20 minutes to put
it down over the field. The canvas
that was used previously weighed
seven tons, was in six pieces, and
took three hours to put doWn-over
the field.
The new tarpaulin for the Cali
fornia football field is made of air
plane rloth, weighs about . 900
pounds, and overlaps both the side
lines and goal lines by five feet.
It takes about 20 minutes to put
it down over the field. The canvas
that was used previously weighed
seven tons, was in six pieces, and
took three hours to put doWn-over
the field.
The new tarpaulin for the Cali
fornia football field is made of air
plane rloth, weighs about . 900
pounds, and overlaps both the side
lines and goal lines by five feet.
It takes about 20 minutes to put
it down over the field. The canvas
that was used previously weighed
seven tons, was in six pieces, and
took three hours to put doWn-over
the field.
The new tarpaulin for the Cali
fornia football field is made of air
plane rloth, weighs about . 900
pounds, and overlaps both the side
lines and goal lines by five feet.
It takes about 20 minutes to put
it down over the field. The canvas
that was used previously weighed
seven tons, was in six pieces, and
took three hours to put doWn-over
the field.
The new tarpaulin for the Cali
fornia football field is made of air
plane rloth, weighs about . 900
pounds, and overlaps both the side
lines and goal lines by five feet.
It takes about 20 minutes to put
it down over the field. The canvas
that was used previously weighed
seven tons, was in six pieces, and
took three hours to put doWn-over
the field.
The new tarpaulin for the Cali
fornia football field is made of air
plane rloth, weighs about . 900
pounds, and overlaps both the side
lines and goal lines by five feet.
It takes about 20 minutes to put
it down over the field. The canvas
that was used previously weighed
seven tons, was in six pieces, and
took three hours to put doWn-over
the field.
The new tarpaulin for the Cali
fornia football field is made of air
plane rloth, weighs about . 900
pounds, and overlaps both the side
lines and goal lines by five feet.
It takes about 20 minutes to put
it down over the field. The canvas
that was used previously weighed
seven tons, was in six pieces, and
took three hours to put doWn-over
the field.
The new tarpaulin for the Cali
fornia football field is made of air
plane rloth, weighs about . 900
pounds, and overlaps both the side
lines and goal lines by five feet.
It takes about 20 minutes to put
it down over the field. The canvas
that was used previously weighed
seven tons, was in six pieces, and
took three hours to put doWn-over
the field.
The new tarpaulin for the Cali
fornia football field is made of air
plane rloth, weighs about . 900
pounds, and overlaps both the side
lines and goal lines by five feet.
It takes about 20 minutes to put
it down over the field. The canvas
that was used previously weighed
seven tons, was in six pieces, and
took three hours to put doWn-over
the field.
The new tarpaulin for the Cali
fornia football field is made of air
plane rloth, weighs about . 900
pounds, and overlaps both the side
lines and goal lines by five feet.
It takes about 20 minutes to put
it down over the field. The canvas
that was used previously weighed
seven tons, was in six pieces, and
took three hours to put doWn-over
the field.
