# GUEST DAY PLANNED BY STANFORD DAMES
## 
### 
Stanford Dames will hold their
quarterly Guest Day Meeting next
Thursday, June r>, at o'clock
in the Women's Clubhouse. Mrs.
Elizabeth Snell, secretary of the
Appointment Office, will speak on
"The Place of a Superintendent's
Wife iu a Town." A round table
discussion of the subject will also
be open to all of the women. Mem
bers are urged to bring their
friends.
Stanford Dames will hold their
quarterly Guest Day Meeting next
Thursday, June r>, at o'clock
in the Women's Clubhouse. Mrs.
Elizabeth Snell, secretary of the
Appointment Office, will speak on
"The Place of a Superintendent's
Wife iu a Town." A round table
discussion of the subject will also
be open to all of the women. Mem
bers are urged to bring their
friends.
Stanford Dames will hold their
quarterly Guest Day Meeting next
Thursday, June r>, at o'clock
in the Women's Clubhouse. Mrs.
Elizabeth Snell, secretary of the
Appointment Office, will speak on
"The Place of a Superintendent's
Wife iu a Town." A round table
discussion of the subject will also
be open to all of the women. Mem
bers are urged to bring their
friends.
Stanford Dames will hold their
quarterly Guest Day Meeting next
Thursday, June r>, at o'clock
in the Women's Clubhouse. Mrs.
Elizabeth Snell, secretary of the
Appointment Office, will speak on
"The Place of a Superintendent's
Wife iu a Town." A round table
discussion of the subject will also
be open to all of the women. Mem
bers are urged to bring their
friends.
Stanford Dames will hold their
quarterly Guest Day Meeting next
Thursday, June r>, at o'clock
in the Women's Clubhouse. Mrs.
Elizabeth Snell, secretary of the
Appointment Office, will speak on
"The Place of a Superintendent's
Wife iu a Town." A round table
discussion of the subject will also
be open to all of the women. Mem
bers are urged to bring their
friends.
Stanford Dames will hold their
quarterly Guest Day Meeting next
Thursday, June r>, at o'clock
in the Women's Clubhouse. Mrs.
Elizabeth Snell, secretary of the
Appointment Office, will speak on
"The Place of a Superintendent's
Wife iu a Town." A round table
discussion of the subject will also
be open to all of the women. Mem
bers are urged to bring their
friends.
Stanford Dames will hold their
quarterly Guest Day Meeting next
Thursday, June r>, at o'clock
in the Women's Clubhouse. Mrs.
Elizabeth Snell, secretary of the
Appointment Office, will speak on
"The Place of a Superintendent's
Wife iu a Town." A round table
discussion of the subject will also
be open to all of the women. Mem
bers are urged to bring their
friends.
Stanford Dames will hold their
quarterly Guest Day Meeting next
Thursday, June r>, at o'clock
in the Women's Clubhouse. Mrs.
Elizabeth Snell, secretary of the
Appointment Office, will speak on
"The Place of a Superintendent's
Wife iu a Town." A round table
discussion of the subject will also
be open to all of the women. Mem
bers are urged to bring their
friends.
Stanford Dames will hold their
quarterly Guest Day Meeting next
Thursday, June r>, at o'clock
in the Women's Clubhouse. Mrs.
Elizabeth Snell, secretary of the
Appointment Office, will speak on
"The Place of a Superintendent's
Wife iu a Town." A round table
discussion of the subject will also
be open to all of the women. Mem
bers are urged to bring their
friends.
Stanford Dames will hold their
quarterly Guest Day Meeting next
Thursday, June r>, at o'clock
in the Women's Clubhouse. Mrs.
Elizabeth Snell, secretary of the
Appointment Office, will speak on
"The Place of a Superintendent's
Wife iu a Town." A round table
discussion of the subject will also
be open to all of the women. Mem
bers are urged to bring their
friends.
Stanford Dames will hold their
quarterly Guest Day Meeting next
Thursday, June r>, at o'clock
in the Women's Clubhouse. Mrs.
Elizabeth Snell, secretary of the
Appointment Office, will speak on
"The Place of a Superintendent's
Wife iu a Town." A round table
discussion of the subject will also
be open to all of the women. Mem
bers are urged to bring their
friends.
Stanford Dames will hold their
quarterly Guest Day Meeting next
Thursday, June r>, at o'clock
in the Women's Clubhouse. Mrs.
Elizabeth Snell, secretary of the
Appointment Office, will speak on
"The Place of a Superintendent's
Wife iu a Town." A round table
discussion of the subject will also
be open to all of the women. Mem
bers are urged to bring their
friends.
Stanford Dames will hold their
quarterly Guest Day Meeting next
Thursday, June r>, at o'clock
in the Women's Clubhouse. Mrs.
Elizabeth Snell, secretary of the
Appointment Office, will speak on
"The Place of a Superintendent's
Wife iu a Town." A round table
discussion of the subject will also
be open to all of the women. Mem
bers are urged to bring their
friends.
Stanford Dames will hold their
quarterly Guest Day Meeting next
Thursday, June r>, at o'clock
in the Women's Clubhouse. Mrs.
Elizabeth Snell, secretary of the
Appointment Office, will speak on
"The Place of a Superintendent's
Wife iu a Town." A round table
discussion of the subject will also
be open to all of the women. Mem
bers are urged to bring their
friends.
