# FETE WILL BE GIVEN AS LEGION BENEFIT
## 
### 
A garden fete for the benefit of dis
abled soldiers of the American Legion
is to be given by the Women's Auxiliary
of that organization at the San Mateo
Polo Club on Saturday, October 15. The
entertainment will last through the aft
ernoon and evening.
A complete hope chest is to be raffled
off as one of the features of the occa
sion. It is at present on exhibition at
Vincent's in San Francisco, and will
be seen next week at.the White House
and City of Paris. Music will be con
tributed by the military band from the i
Letterman Hospital. In the evening
there will be a one-act play presented
by the Paul Gerson Players of San
Francisco, and dancing in the club
house. Fortune-telling, grab-bag and re
freshments are among the booths which
will be run for the occasion.
