# to [illegible] Topics
## 
### 
Professor Francis W. Hirst will de
liver a series of lectures on "European
Politics and Politicians," under the au
spice's of the Department of Political
Science and the Political Science So
ciety. Some of the topics Professor
Hirst will discuss include the Irish
Question, Socialism in Europe, Present
State of the Liberal Party, and British
Foreign Policy.
Professor Hirst is editor of the Eng
lish publication, Common Sense, and
until 1917 was editor of The Economist,
lie is the author of "Political Economy
of the War" and is co-author with Jo
seph Redlich of "Local Government in
England." He was an economic ad
visor to the British delegation at the
Peace Conference, and is familiar with
English and continental finance and
politics.
The first lecture of the series on
"Lloyd George and His Colleagues" will
be given Monday afternoon at 4:15 in
the Little theater
