# To Ratify the Election.
## 
### 
At a meeting yesterday of tlie
democrat ft, called by a commilt.ee,
considerable enthusiasm was dis
p'ayed over the result. It was the
sense of the meeting that, a fitting
celebration be held to ratify the
election. A committee consisting of
Gruwell, Capron, and Keating was
appointed with power to arrange all
the details of the affair. The com
mittee decided to hold tho celebra
tion 011 Friday night. Prof. Howard
will make the principal address of
the evening, speaking for the demo
crats. Prof. Swain will deliver a
speech of consolation, after which it
is intended to have short speeches
from all the professors who voted
the democratic ticket. Before and
after the speeches there will be 0
torch-light procession of the stud
ents. The University band will pro
vide the music.
To defray the expense of the cele
bration an assessment of fifty cents
is to bo levied on all the democratic
students of the University.
