# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—The following is from the Wis
consin Cardinal: "Coach Stagg
proposes to measure his football
candidates by horse-power here
after. Any candidate that cannot
show at least two horse-power will
draw a wallflower ticket. At Min
nesota every player is three horse
power or he doesn't work on the
treadmill."
—The following is from the Wis
consin Cardinal: "Coach Stagg
proposes to measure his football
candidates by horse-power here
after. Any candidate that cannot
show at least two horse-power will
draw a wallflower ticket. At Min
nesota every player is three horse
power or he doesn't work on the
treadmill."
—The following is from the Wis
consin Cardinal: "Coach Stagg
proposes to measure his football
candidates by horse-power here
after. Any candidate that cannot
show at least two horse-power will
draw a wallflower ticket. At Min
nesota every player is three horse
power or he doesn't work on the
treadmill."
—The following is from the Wis
consin Cardinal: "Coach Stagg
proposes to measure his football
candidates by horse-power here
after. Any candidate that cannot
show at least two horse-power will
draw a wallflower ticket. At Min
nesota every player is three horse
power or he doesn't work on the
treadmill."
—The following is from the Wis
consin Cardinal: "Coach Stagg
proposes to measure his football
candidates by horse-power here
after. Any candidate that cannot
show at least two horse-power will
draw a wallflower ticket. At Min
nesota every player is three horse
power or he doesn't work on the
treadmill."
—The following is from the Wis
consin Cardinal: "Coach Stagg
proposes to measure his football
candidates by horse-power here
after. Any candidate that cannot
show at least two horse-power will
draw a wallflower ticket. At Min
nesota every player is three horse
power or he doesn't work on the
treadmill."
—The following is from the Wis
consin Cardinal: "Coach Stagg
proposes to measure his football
candidates by horse-power here
after. Any candidate that cannot
show at least two horse-power will
draw a wallflower ticket. At Min
nesota every player is three horse
power or he doesn't work on the
treadmill."
—The following is from the Wis
consin Cardinal: "Coach Stagg
proposes to measure his football
candidates by horse-power here
after. Any candidate that cannot
show at least two horse-power will
draw a wallflower ticket. At Min
nesota every player is three horse
power or he doesn't work on the
treadmill."
