# Adv. 4 Page 2
## 
### 
Porsche "911", 1966
Custom finish, leather int.,
AM/FM Bl'punkt, ski rack, etc.
Better & nicer looking than
any new Porsche.
Sorry have to sell; leaving
for Europe.
Price open—time of essence.
321-4162
Porsche "911", 1966
Custom finish, leather int.,
AM/FM Bl'punkt, ski rack, etc.
Better & nicer looking than
any new Porsche.
Sorry have to sell; leaving
for Europe.
Price open—time of essence.
321-4162
Porsche "911", 1966
Custom finish, leather int.,
AM/FM Bl'punkt, ski rack, etc.
Better & nicer looking than
any new Porsche.
Sorry have to sell; leaving
for Europe.
Price open—time of essence.
321-4162
Porsche "911", 1966
Custom finish, leather int.,
AM/FM Bl'punkt, ski rack, etc.
Better & nicer looking than
any new Porsche.
Sorry have to sell; leaving
for Europe.
Price open—time of essence.
321-4162
Porsche "911", 1966
Custom finish, leather int.,
AM/FM Bl'punkt, ski rack, etc.
Better & nicer looking than
any new Porsche.
Sorry have to sell; leaving
for Europe.
Price open—time of essence.
321-4162
Porsche "911", 1966
Custom finish, leather int.,
AM/FM Bl'punkt, ski rack, etc.
Better & nicer looking than
any new Porsche.
Sorry have to sell; leaving
for Europe.
Price open—time of essence.
321-4162
Porsche "911", 1966
Custom finish, leather int.,
AM/FM Bl'punkt, ski rack, etc.
Better & nicer looking than
any new Porsche.
Sorry have to sell; leaving
for Europe.
Price open—time of essence.
321-4162
Porsche "911", 1966
Custom finish, leather int.,
AM/FM Bl'punkt, ski rack, etc.
Better & nicer looking than
any new Porsche.
Sorry have to sell; leaving
for Europe.
Price open—time of essence.
321-4162
Porsche "911", 1966
Custom finish, leather int.,
AM/FM Bl'punkt, ski rack, etc.
Better & nicer looking than
any new Porsche.
Sorry have to sell; leaving
for Europe.
Price open—time of essence.
321-4162
Porsche "911", 1966
Custom finish, leather int.,
AM/FM Bl'punkt, ski rack, etc.
Better & nicer looking than
any new Porsche.
Sorry have to sell; leaving
for Europe.
Price open—time of essence.
321-4162
Porsche "911", 1966
Custom finish, leather int.,
AM/FM Bl'punkt, ski rack, etc.
Better & nicer looking than
any new Porsche.
Sorry have to sell; leaving
for Europe.
Price open—time of essence.
321-4162
Porsche "911", 1966
Custom finish, leather int.,
AM/FM Bl'punkt, ski rack, etc.
Better & nicer looking than
any new Porsche.
Sorry have to sell; leaving
for Europe.
Price open—time of essence.
321-4162
Porsche "911", 1966
Custom finish, leather int.,
AM/FM Bl'punkt, ski rack, etc.
Better & nicer looking than
any new Porsche.
Sorry have to sell; leaving
for Europe.
Price open—time of essence.
321-4162
Porsche "911", 1966
Custom finish, leather int.,
AM/FM Bl'punkt, ski rack, etc.
Better & nicer looking than
any new Porsche.
Sorry have to sell; leaving
for Europe.
Price open—time of essence.
321-4162
Porsche "911", 1966
Custom finish, leather int.,
AM/FM Bl'punkt, ski rack, etc.
Better & nicer looking than
any new Porsche.
Sorry have to sell; leaving
for Europe.
Price open—time of essence.
321-4162
Porsche "911", 1966
Custom finish, leather int.,
AM/FM Bl'punkt, ski rack, etc.
Better & nicer looking than
any new Porsche.
Sorry have to sell; leaving
for Europe.
Price open—time of essence.
321-4162
