# Studs?
## 
### 

Robert Sevra (right) and Alan Mokler (left) join in singing one of the songs
from the original score of the 1966 GAIETIES. At the piano is Errol Gay,
Musical Director for the show.

Robert Sevra (right) and Alan Mokler (left) join in singing one of the songs
from the original score of the 1966 GAIETIES. At the piano is Errol Gay,
Musical Director for the show.

Robert Sevra (right) and Alan Mokler (left) join in singing one of the songs
from the original score of the 1966 GAIETIES. At the piano is Errol Gay,
Musical Director for the show.

Robert Sevra (right) and Alan Mokler (left) join in singing one of the songs
from the original score of the 1966 GAIETIES. At the piano is Errol Gay,
Musical Director for the show.

Robert Sevra (right) and Alan Mokler (left) join in singing one of the songs
from the original score of the 1966 GAIETIES. At the piano is Errol Gay,
Musical Director for the show.

Robert Sevra (right) and Alan Mokler (left) join in singing one of the songs
from the original score of the 1966 GAIETIES. At the piano is Errol Gay,
Musical Director for the show.

Robert Sevra (right) and Alan Mokler (left) join in singing one of the songs
from the original score of the 1966 GAIETIES. At the piano is Errol Gay,
Musical Director for the show.

Robert Sevra (right) and Alan Mokler (left) join in singing one of the songs
from the original score of the 1966 GAIETIES. At the piano is Errol Gay,
Musical Director for the show.

Robert Sevra (right) and Alan Mokler (left) join in singing one of the songs
from the original score of the 1966 GAIETIES. At the piano is Errol Gay,
Musical Director for the show.

Robert Sevra (right) and Alan Mokler (left) join in singing one of the songs
from the original score of the 1966 GAIETIES. At the piano is Errol Gay,
Musical Director for the show.

Robert Sevra (right) and Alan Mokler (left) join in singing one of the songs
from the original score of the 1966 GAIETIES. At the piano is Errol Gay,
Musical Director for the show.

Robert Sevra (right) and Alan Mokler (left) join in singing one of the songs
from the original score of the 1966 GAIETIES. At the piano is Errol Gay,
Musical Director for the show.

Robert Sevra (right) and Alan Mokler (left) join in singing one of the songs
from the original score of the 1966 GAIETIES. At the piano is Errol Gay,
Musical Director for the show.

Robert Sevra (right) and Alan Mokler (left) join in singing one of the songs
from the original score of the 1966 GAIETIES. At the piano is Errol Gay,
Musical Director for the show.

Robert Sevra (right) and Alan Mokler (left) join in singing one of the songs
from the original score of the 1966 GAIETIES. At the piano is Errol Gay,
Musical Director for the show.

Robert Sevra (right) and Alan Mokler (left) join in singing one of the songs
from the original score of the 1966 GAIETIES. At the piano is Errol Gay,
Musical Director for the show.
