# Overseas Applications Available
## 
### 
Applications are now avail
able for forthcoming sessions at
Stanford's Overseas Campuses.
Selection will be made at the
end of the current quarter for
the following groups: Stanford
in Austria V, September 1967-
March 1968; Stanford in France
XV, September 1967 — March
1968; Stanford in Italy XV, Sep
tember 1967-March 1968; Stan
ford in Britain IV, June-Decem
ber 1967; Stanford in Germany
XIX, June-December 1967.
Applications and course lists
for the above sessions may now
be obtained in the Overseas
Campuses Office, Room 1-C, In
ner Quad, and later this week in
many living groups. The dead
line for submitting applications
is December 1, but applicants
are asked to apply as early in
the quarter as possible.

The Overseas Campuses Pro
gram has been designed to en
able students in all majors to
attend a six-month session at
one of the five Stanford cam
puses in Europe, and all under
graduates in good standing are
encouraged to apply. Students
attending an Overseas Campus
automatically fulfill the General
Studies area requirements in
Humanities and Social Sciences,
as well as the foreign language
option (except Stanford in Bri
tain).
Stanford professors who will
teach these groups are: Austria
V, Steiner (Political Science);
Britain IV, Boyle (Art), Harris
(English), and David (Econom
ics); France XV, Kolve (En
glish ); Germany XIX, Meads
(MEL) and Scott (Sociology);
Italy V, Ackerman (Art) and
Wright (History).

Sessions last for two full quar
ters at each campus, and tuition
room and board charges are th<
same at as the home campv
Included is the cost of transpor
tation to Europe and the greatei
portion of field trip expenses
Practically all scholarships con
tinue in force during attendant
overseas.
Engineering and science ma
jors may consult the samp''
programs in the Overseas Cam
puses Office for suggestions or
planning study programs to in
elude a term overseas.
Those students who have ap
plied previously are reminds
that a new application must bf
submitted if they wish to |\
considered. Married students art
not eligible. The Overseas Cam
puses Office will be happy tr
provide further information anc
answer questions.
Applications are now avail
able for forthcoming sessions at
Stanford's Overseas Campuses.
Selection will be made at the
end of the current quarter for
the following groups: Stanford
in Austria V, September 1967-
March 1968; Stanford in France
XV, September 1967 — March
1968; Stanford in Italy XV, Sep
tember 1967-March 1968; Stan
ford in Britain IV, June-Decem
ber 1967; Stanford in Germany
XIX, June-December 1967.
Applications and course lists
for the above sessions may now
be obtained in the Overseas
Campuses Office, Room 1-C, In
ner Quad, and later this week in
many living groups. The dead
line for submitting applications
is December 1, but applicants
are asked to apply as early in
the quarter as possible.

The Overseas Campuses Pro
gram has been designed to en
able students in all majors to
attend a six-month session at
one of the five Stanford cam
puses in Europe, and all under
graduates in good standing are
encouraged to apply. Students
attending an Overseas Campus
automatically fulfill the General
Studies area requirements in
Humanities and Social Sciences,
as well as the foreign language
option (except Stanford in Bri
tain).
Stanford professors who will
teach these groups are: Austria
V, Steiner (Political Science);
Britain IV, Boyle (Art), Harris
(English), and David (Econom
ics); France XV, Kolve (En
glish ); Germany XIX, Meads
(MEL) and Scott (Sociology);
Italy V, Ackerman (Art) and
Wright (History).

Sessions last for two full quar
ters at each campus, and tuition
room and board charges are th<
same at as the home campv
Included is the cost of transpor
tation to Europe and the greatei
portion of field trip expenses
Practically all scholarships con
tinue in force during attendant
overseas.
Engineering and science ma
jors may consult the samp''
programs in the Overseas Cam
puses Office for suggestions or
planning study programs to in
elude a term overseas.
Those students who have ap
plied previously are reminds
that a new application must bf
submitted if they wish to |\
considered. Married students art
not eligible. The Overseas Cam
puses Office will be happy tr
provide further information anc
answer questions.
Applications are now avail
able for forthcoming sessions at
Stanford's Overseas Campuses.
Selection will be made at the
end of the current quarter for
the following groups: Stanford
in Austria V, September 1967-
March 1968; Stanford in France
XV, September 1967 — March
1968; Stanford in Italy XV, Sep
tember 1967-March 1968; Stan
ford in Britain IV, June-Decem
ber 1967; Stanford in Germany
XIX, June-December 1967.
Applications and course lists
for the above sessions may now
be obtained in the Overseas
Campuses Office, Room 1-C, In
ner Quad, and later this week in
many living groups. The dead
line for submitting applications
is December 1, but applicants
are asked to apply as early in
the quarter as possible.

The Overseas Campuses Pro
gram has been designed to en
able students in all majors to
attend a six-month session at
one of the five Stanford cam
puses in Europe, and all under
graduates in good standing are
encouraged to apply. Students
attending an Overseas Campus
automatically fulfill the General
Studies area requirements in
Humanities and Social Sciences,
as well as the foreign language
option (except Stanford in Bri
tain).
Stanford professors who will
teach these groups are: Austria
V, Steiner (Political Science);
Britain IV, Boyle (Art), Harris
(English), and David (Econom
ics); France XV, Kolve (En
glish ); Germany XIX, Meads
(MEL) and Scott (Sociology);
Italy V, Ackerman (Art) and
Wright (History).

Sessions last for two full quar
ters at each campus, and tuition
room and board charges are th<
same at as the home campv
Included is the cost of transpor
tation to Europe and the greatei
portion of field trip expenses
Practically all scholarships con
tinue in force during attendant
overseas.
Engineering and science ma
jors may consult the samp''
programs in the Overseas Cam
puses Office for suggestions or
planning study programs to in
elude a term overseas.
Those students who have ap
plied previously are reminds
that a new application must bf
submitted if they wish to |\
considered. Married students art
not eligible. The Overseas Cam
puses Office will be happy tr
provide further information anc
answer questions.
Applications are now avail
able for forthcoming sessions at
Stanford's Overseas Campuses.
Selection will be made at the
end of the current quarter for
the following groups: Stanford
in Austria V, September 1967-
March 1968; Stanford in France
XV, September 1967 — March
1968; Stanford in Italy XV, Sep
tember 1967-March 1968; Stan
ford in Britain IV, June-Decem
ber 1967; Stanford in Germany
XIX, June-December 1967.
Applications and course lists
for the above sessions may now
be obtained in the Overseas
Campuses Office, Room 1-C, In
ner Quad, and later this week in
many living groups. The dead
line for submitting applications
is December 1, but applicants
are asked to apply as early in
the quarter as possible.

The Overseas Campuses Pro
gram has been designed to en
able students in all majors to
attend a six-month session at
one of the five Stanford cam
puses in Europe, and all under
graduates in good standing are
encouraged to apply. Students
attending an Overseas Campus
automatically fulfill the General
Studies area requirements in
Humanities and Social Sciences,
as well as the foreign language
option (except Stanford in Bri
tain).
Stanford professors who will
teach these groups are: Austria
V, Steiner (Political Science);
Britain IV, Boyle (Art), Harris
(English), and David (Econom
ics); France XV, Kolve (En
glish ); Germany XIX, Meads
(MEL) and Scott (Sociology);
Italy V, Ackerman (Art) and
Wright (History).

Sessions last for two full quar
ters at each campus, and tuition
room and board charges are th<
same at as the home campv
Included is the cost of transpor
tation to Europe and the greatei
portion of field trip expenses
Practically all scholarships con
tinue in force during attendant
overseas.
Engineering and science ma
jors may consult the samp''
programs in the Overseas Cam
puses Office for suggestions or
planning study programs to in
elude a term overseas.
Those students who have ap
plied previously are reminds
that a new application must bf
submitted if they wish to |\
considered. Married students art
not eligible. The Overseas Cam
puses Office will be happy tr
provide further information anc
answer questions.
Applications are now avail
able for forthcoming sessions at
Stanford's Overseas Campuses.
Selection will be made at the
end of the current quarter for
the following groups: Stanford
in Austria V, September 1967-
March 1968; Stanford in France
XV, September 1967 — March
1968; Stanford in Italy XV, Sep
tember 1967-March 1968; Stan
ford in Britain IV, June-Decem
ber 1967; Stanford in Germany
XIX, June-December 1967.
Applications and course lists
for the above sessions may now
be obtained in the Overseas
Campuses Office, Room 1-C, In
ner Quad, and later this week in
many living groups. The dead
line for submitting applications
is December 1, but applicants
are asked to apply as early in
the quarter as possible.

The Overseas Campuses Pro
gram has been designed to en
able students in all majors to
attend a six-month session at
one of the five Stanford cam
puses in Europe, and all under
graduates in good standing are
encouraged to apply. Students
attending an Overseas Campus
automatically fulfill the General
Studies area requirements in
Humanities and Social Sciences,
as well as the foreign language
option (except Stanford in Bri
tain).
Stanford professors who will
teach these groups are: Austria
V, Steiner (Political Science);
Britain IV, Boyle (Art), Harris
(English), and David (Econom
ics); France XV, Kolve (En
glish ); Germany XIX, Meads
(MEL) and Scott (Sociology);
Italy V, Ackerman (Art) and
Wright (History).

Sessions last for two full quar
ters at each campus, and tuition
room and board charges are th<
same at as the home campv
Included is the cost of transpor
tation to Europe and the greatei
portion of field trip expenses
Practically all scholarships con
tinue in force during attendant
overseas.
Engineering and science ma
jors may consult the samp''
programs in the Overseas Cam
puses Office for suggestions or
planning study programs to in
elude a term overseas.
Those students who have ap
plied previously are reminds
that a new application must bf
submitted if they wish to |\
considered. Married students art
not eligible. The Overseas Cam
puses Office will be happy tr
provide further information anc
answer questions.
Applications are now avail
able for forthcoming sessions at
Stanford's Overseas Campuses.
Selection will be made at the
end of the current quarter for
the following groups: Stanford
in Austria V, September 1967-
March 1968; Stanford in France
XV, September 1967 — March
1968; Stanford in Italy XV, Sep
tember 1967-March 1968; Stan
ford in Britain IV, June-Decem
ber 1967; Stanford in Germany
XIX, June-December 1967.
Applications and course lists
for the above sessions may now
be obtained in the Overseas
Campuses Office, Room 1-C, In
ner Quad, and later this week in
many living groups. The dead
line for submitting applications
is December 1, but applicants
are asked to apply as early in
the quarter as possible.

The Overseas Campuses Pro
gram has been designed to en
able students in all majors to
attend a six-month session at
one of the five Stanford cam
puses in Europe, and all under
graduates in good standing are
encouraged to apply. Students
attending an Overseas Campus
automatically fulfill the General
Studies area requirements in
Humanities and Social Sciences,
as well as the foreign language
option (except Stanford in Bri
tain).
Stanford professors who will
teach these groups are: Austria
V, Steiner (Political Science);
Britain IV, Boyle (Art), Harris
(English), and David (Econom
ics); France XV, Kolve (En
glish ); Germany XIX, Meads
(MEL) and Scott (Sociology);
Italy V, Ackerman (Art) and
Wright (History).

Sessions last for two full quar
ters at each campus, and tuition
room and board charges are th<
same at as the home campv
Included is the cost of transpor
tation to Europe and the greatei
portion of field trip expenses
Practically all scholarships con
tinue in force during attendant
overseas.
Engineering and science ma
jors may consult the samp''
programs in the Overseas Cam
puses Office for suggestions or
planning study programs to in
elude a term overseas.
Those students who have ap
plied previously are reminds
that a new application must bf
submitted if they wish to |\
considered. Married students art
not eligible. The Overseas Cam
puses Office will be happy tr
provide further information anc
answer questions.
Applications are now avail
able for forthcoming sessions at
Stanford's Overseas Campuses.
Selection will be made at the
end of the current quarter for
the following groups: Stanford
in Austria V, September 1967-
March 1968; Stanford in France
XV, September 1967 — March
1968; Stanford in Italy XV, Sep
tember 1967-March 1968; Stan
ford in Britain IV, June-Decem
ber 1967; Stanford in Germany
XIX, June-December 1967.
Applications and course lists
for the above sessions may now
be obtained in the Overseas
Campuses Office, Room 1-C, In
ner Quad, and later this week in
many living groups. The dead
line for submitting applications
is December 1, but applicants
are asked to apply as early in
the quarter as possible.

The Overseas Campuses Pro
gram has been designed to en
able students in all majors to
attend a six-month session at
one of the five Stanford cam
puses in Europe, and all under
graduates in good standing are
encouraged to apply. Students
attending an Overseas Campus
automatically fulfill the General
Studies area requirements in
Humanities and Social Sciences,
as well as the foreign language
option (except Stanford in Bri
tain).
Stanford professors who will
teach these groups are: Austria
V, Steiner (Political Science);
Britain IV, Boyle (Art), Harris
(English), and David (Econom
ics); France XV, Kolve (En
glish ); Germany XIX, Meads
(MEL) and Scott (Sociology);
Italy V, Ackerman (Art) and
Wright (History).

Sessions last for two full quar
ters at each campus, and tuition
room and board charges are th<
same at as the home campv
Included is the cost of transpor
tation to Europe and the greatei
portion of field trip expenses
Practically all scholarships con
tinue in force during attendant
overseas.
Engineering and science ma
jors may consult the samp''
programs in the Overseas Cam
puses Office for suggestions or
planning study programs to in
elude a term overseas.
Those students who have ap
plied previously are reminds
that a new application must bf
submitted if they wish to |\
considered. Married students art
not eligible. The Overseas Cam
puses Office will be happy tr
provide further information anc
answer questions.
Applications are now avail
able for forthcoming sessions at
Stanford's Overseas Campuses.
Selection will be made at the
end of the current quarter for
the following groups: Stanford
in Austria V, September 1967-
March 1968; Stanford in France
XV, September 1967 — March
1968; Stanford in Italy XV, Sep
tember 1967-March 1968; Stan
ford in Britain IV, June-Decem
ber 1967; Stanford in Germany
XIX, June-December 1967.
Applications and course lists
for the above sessions may now
be obtained in the Overseas
Campuses Office, Room 1-C, In
ner Quad, and later this week in
many living groups. The dead
line for submitting applications
is December 1, but applicants
are asked to apply as early in
the quarter as possible.

The Overseas Campuses Pro
gram has been designed to en
able students in all majors to
attend a six-month session at
one of the five Stanford cam
puses in Europe, and all under
graduates in good standing are
encouraged to apply. Students
attending an Overseas Campus
automatically fulfill the General
Studies area requirements in
Humanities and Social Sciences,
as well as the foreign language
option (except Stanford in Bri
tain).
Stanford professors who will
teach these groups are: Austria
V, Steiner (Political Science);
Britain IV, Boyle (Art), Harris
(English), and David (Econom
ics); France XV, Kolve (En
glish ); Germany XIX, Meads
(MEL) and Scott (Sociology);
Italy V, Ackerman (Art) and
Wright (History).

Sessions last for two full quar
ters at each campus, and tuition
room and board charges are th<
same at as the home campv
Included is the cost of transpor
tation to Europe and the greatei
portion of field trip expenses
Practically all scholarships con
tinue in force during attendant
overseas.
Engineering and science ma
jors may consult the samp''
programs in the Overseas Cam
puses Office for suggestions or
planning study programs to in
elude a term overseas.
Those students who have ap
plied previously are reminds
that a new application must bf
submitted if they wish to |\
considered. Married students art
not eligible. The Overseas Cam
puses Office will be happy tr
provide further information anc
answer questions.
Applications are now avail
able for forthcoming sessions at
Stanford's Overseas Campuses.
Selection will be made at the
end of the current quarter for
the following groups: Stanford
in Austria V, September 1967-
March 1968; Stanford in France
XV, September 1967 — March
1968; Stanford in Italy XV, Sep
tember 1967-March 1968; Stan
ford in Britain IV, June-Decem
ber 1967; Stanford in Germany
XIX, June-December 1967.
Applications and course lists
for the above sessions may now
be obtained in the Overseas
Campuses Office, Room 1-C, In
ner Quad, and later this week in
many living groups. The dead
line for submitting applications
is December 1, but applicants
are asked to apply as early in
the quarter as possible.

The Overseas Campuses Pro
gram has been designed to en
able students in all majors to
attend a six-month session at
one of the five Stanford cam
puses in Europe, and all under
graduates in good standing are
encouraged to apply. Students
attending an Overseas Campus
automatically fulfill the General
Studies area requirements in
Humanities and Social Sciences,
as well as the foreign language
option (except Stanford in Bri
tain).
Stanford professors who will
teach these groups are: Austria
V, Steiner (Political Science);
Britain IV, Boyle (Art), Harris
(English), and David (Econom
ics); France XV, Kolve (En
glish ); Germany XIX, Meads
(MEL) and Scott (Sociology);
Italy V, Ackerman (Art) and
Wright (History).

Sessions last for two full quar
ters at each campus, and tuition
room and board charges are th<
same at as the home campv
Included is the cost of transpor
tation to Europe and the greatei
portion of field trip expenses
Practically all scholarships con
tinue in force during attendant
overseas.
Engineering and science ma
jors may consult the samp''
programs in the Overseas Cam
puses Office for suggestions or
planning study programs to in
elude a term overseas.
Those students who have ap
plied previously are reminds
that a new application must bf
submitted if they wish to |\
considered. Married students art
not eligible. The Overseas Cam
puses Office will be happy tr
provide further information anc
answer questions.
Applications are now avail
able for forthcoming sessions at
Stanford's Overseas Campuses.
Selection will be made at the
end of the current quarter for
the following groups: Stanford
in Austria V, September 1967-
March 1968; Stanford in France
XV, September 1967 — March
1968; Stanford in Italy XV, Sep
tember 1967-March 1968; Stan
ford in Britain IV, June-Decem
ber 1967; Stanford in Germany
XIX, June-December 1967.
Applications and course lists
for the above sessions may now
be obtained in the Overseas
Campuses Office, Room 1-C, In
ner Quad, and later this week in
many living groups. The dead
line for submitting applications
is December 1, but applicants
are asked to apply as early in
the quarter as possible.

The Overseas Campuses Pro
gram has been designed to en
able students in all majors to
attend a six-month session at
one of the five Stanford cam
puses in Europe, and all under
graduates in good standing are
encouraged to apply. Students
attending an Overseas Campus
automatically fulfill the General
Studies area requirements in
Humanities and Social Sciences,
as well as the foreign language
option (except Stanford in Bri
tain).
Stanford professors who will
teach these groups are: Austria
V, Steiner (Political Science);
Britain IV, Boyle (Art), Harris
(English), and David (Econom
ics); France XV, Kolve (En
glish ); Germany XIX, Meads
(MEL) and Scott (Sociology);
Italy V, Ackerman (Art) and
Wright (History).

Sessions last for two full quar
ters at each campus, and tuition
room and board charges are th<
same at as the home campv
Included is the cost of transpor
tation to Europe and the greatei
portion of field trip expenses
Practically all scholarships con
tinue in force during attendant
overseas.
Engineering and science ma
jors may consult the samp''
programs in the Overseas Cam
puses Office for suggestions or
planning study programs to in
elude a term overseas.
Those students who have ap
plied previously are reminds
that a new application must bf
submitted if they wish to |\
considered. Married students art
not eligible. The Overseas Cam
puses Office will be happy tr
provide further information anc
answer questions.
Applications are now avail
able for forthcoming sessions at
Stanford's Overseas Campuses.
Selection will be made at the
end of the current quarter for
the following groups: Stanford
in Austria V, September 1967-
March 1968; Stanford in France
XV, September 1967 — March
1968; Stanford in Italy XV, Sep
tember 1967-March 1968; Stan
ford in Britain IV, June-Decem
ber 1967; Stanford in Germany
XIX, June-December 1967.
Applications and course lists
for the above sessions may now
be obtained in the Overseas
Campuses Office, Room 1-C, In
ner Quad, and later this week in
many living groups. The dead
line for submitting applications
is December 1, but applicants
are asked to apply as early in
the quarter as possible.

The Overseas Campuses Pro
gram has been designed to en
able students in all majors to
attend a six-month session at
one of the five Stanford cam
puses in Europe, and all under
graduates in good standing are
encouraged to apply. Students
attending an Overseas Campus
automatically fulfill the General
Studies area requirements in
Humanities and Social Sciences,
as well as the foreign language
option (except Stanford in Bri
tain).
Stanford professors who will
teach these groups are: Austria
V, Steiner (Political Science);
Britain IV, Boyle (Art), Harris
(English), and David (Econom
ics); France XV, Kolve (En
glish ); Germany XIX, Meads
(MEL) and Scott (Sociology);
Italy V, Ackerman (Art) and
Wright (History).

Sessions last for two full quar
ters at each campus, and tuition
room and board charges are th<
same at as the home campv
Included is the cost of transpor
tation to Europe and the greatei
portion of field trip expenses
Practically all scholarships con
tinue in force during attendant
overseas.
Engineering and science ma
jors may consult the samp''
programs in the Overseas Cam
puses Office for suggestions or
planning study programs to in
elude a term overseas.
Those students who have ap
plied previously are reminds
that a new application must bf
submitted if they wish to |\
considered. Married students art
not eligible. The Overseas Cam
puses Office will be happy tr
provide further information anc
answer questions.
Applications are now avail
able for forthcoming sessions at
Stanford's Overseas Campuses.
Selection will be made at the
end of the current quarter for
the following groups: Stanford
in Austria V, September 1967-
March 1968; Stanford in France
XV, September 1967 — March
1968; Stanford in Italy XV, Sep
tember 1967-March 1968; Stan
ford in Britain IV, June-Decem
ber 1967; Stanford in Germany
XIX, June-December 1967.
Applications and course lists
for the above sessions may now
be obtained in the Overseas
Campuses Office, Room 1-C, In
ner Quad, and later this week in
many living groups. The dead
line for submitting applications
is December 1, but applicants
are asked to apply as early in
the quarter as possible.

The Overseas Campuses Pro
gram has been designed to en
able students in all majors to
attend a six-month session at
one of the five Stanford cam
puses in Europe, and all under
graduates in good standing are
encouraged to apply. Students
attending an Overseas Campus
automatically fulfill the General
Studies area requirements in
Humanities and Social Sciences,
as well as the foreign language
option (except Stanford in Bri
tain).
Stanford professors who will
teach these groups are: Austria
V, Steiner (Political Science);
Britain IV, Boyle (Art), Harris
(English), and David (Econom
ics); France XV, Kolve (En
glish ); Germany XIX, Meads
(MEL) and Scott (Sociology);
Italy V, Ackerman (Art) and
Wright (History).

Sessions last for two full quar
ters at each campus, and tuition
room and board charges are th<
same at as the home campv
Included is the cost of transpor
tation to Europe and the greatei
portion of field trip expenses
Practically all scholarships con
tinue in force during attendant
overseas.
Engineering and science ma
jors may consult the samp''
programs in the Overseas Cam
puses Office for suggestions or
planning study programs to in
elude a term overseas.
Those students who have ap
plied previously are reminds
that a new application must bf
submitted if they wish to |\
considered. Married students art
not eligible. The Overseas Cam
puses Office will be happy tr
provide further information anc
answer questions.
Applications are now avail
able for forthcoming sessions at
Stanford's Overseas Campuses.
Selection will be made at the
end of the current quarter for
the following groups: Stanford
in Austria V, September 1967-
March 1968; Stanford in France
XV, September 1967 — March
1968; Stanford in Italy XV, Sep
tember 1967-March 1968; Stan
ford in Britain IV, June-Decem
ber 1967; Stanford in Germany
XIX, June-December 1967.
Applications and course lists
for the above sessions may now
be obtained in the Overseas
Campuses Office, Room 1-C, In
ner Quad, and later this week in
many living groups. The dead
line for submitting applications
is December 1, but applicants
are asked to apply as early in
the quarter as possible.

The Overseas Campuses Pro
gram has been designed to en
able students in all majors to
attend a six-month session at
one of the five Stanford cam
puses in Europe, and all under
graduates in good standing are
encouraged to apply. Students
attending an Overseas Campus
automatically fulfill the General
Studies area requirements in
Humanities and Social Sciences,
as well as the foreign language
option (except Stanford in Bri
tain).
Stanford professors who will
teach these groups are: Austria
V, Steiner (Political Science);
Britain IV, Boyle (Art), Harris
(English), and David (Econom
ics); France XV, Kolve (En
glish ); Germany XIX, Meads
(MEL) and Scott (Sociology);
Italy V, Ackerman (Art) and
Wright (History).

Sessions last for two full quar
ters at each campus, and tuition
room and board charges are th<
same at as the home campv
Included is the cost of transpor
tation to Europe and the greatei
portion of field trip expenses
Practically all scholarships con
tinue in force during attendant
overseas.
Engineering and science ma
jors may consult the samp''
programs in the Overseas Cam
puses Office for suggestions or
planning study programs to in
elude a term overseas.
Those students who have ap
plied previously are reminds
that a new application must bf
submitted if they wish to |\
considered. Married students art
not eligible. The Overseas Cam
puses Office will be happy tr
provide further information anc
answer questions.
Applications are now avail
able for forthcoming sessions at
Stanford's Overseas Campuses.
Selection will be made at the
end of the current quarter for
the following groups: Stanford
in Austria V, September 1967-
March 1968; Stanford in France
XV, September 1967 — March
1968; Stanford in Italy XV, Sep
tember 1967-March 1968; Stan
ford in Britain IV, June-Decem
ber 1967; Stanford in Germany
XIX, June-December 1967.
Applications and course lists
for the above sessions may now
be obtained in the Overseas
Campuses Office, Room 1-C, In
ner Quad, and later this week in
many living groups. The dead
line for submitting applications
is December 1, but applicants
are asked to apply as early in
the quarter as possible.

The Overseas Campuses Pro
gram has been designed to en
able students in all majors to
attend a six-month session at
one of the five Stanford cam
puses in Europe, and all under
graduates in good standing are
encouraged to apply. Students
attending an Overseas Campus
automatically fulfill the General
Studies area requirements in
Humanities and Social Sciences,
as well as the foreign language
option (except Stanford in Bri
tain).
Stanford professors who will
teach these groups are: Austria
V, Steiner (Political Science);
Britain IV, Boyle (Art), Harris
(English), and David (Econom
ics); France XV, Kolve (En
glish ); Germany XIX, Meads
(MEL) and Scott (Sociology);
Italy V, Ackerman (Art) and
Wright (History).

Sessions last for two full quar
ters at each campus, and tuition
room and board charges are th<
same at as the home campv
Included is the cost of transpor
tation to Europe and the greatei
portion of field trip expenses
Practically all scholarships con
tinue in force during attendant
overseas.
Engineering and science ma
jors may consult the samp''
programs in the Overseas Cam
puses Office for suggestions or
planning study programs to in
elude a term overseas.
Those students who have ap
plied previously are reminds
that a new application must bf
submitted if they wish to |\
considered. Married students art
not eligible. The Overseas Cam
puses Office will be happy tr
provide further information anc
answer questions.
Applications are now avail
able for forthcoming sessions at
Stanford's Overseas Campuses.
Selection will be made at the
end of the current quarter for
the following groups: Stanford
in Austria V, September 1967-
March 1968; Stanford in France
XV, September 1967 — March
1968; Stanford in Italy XV, Sep
tember 1967-March 1968; Stan
ford in Britain IV, June-Decem
ber 1967; Stanford in Germany
XIX, June-December 1967.
Applications and course lists
for the above sessions may now
be obtained in the Overseas
Campuses Office, Room 1-C, In
ner Quad, and later this week in
many living groups. The dead
line for submitting applications
is December 1, but applicants
are asked to apply as early in
the quarter as possible.

The Overseas Campuses Pro
gram has been designed to en
able students in all majors to
attend a six-month session at
one of the five Stanford cam
puses in Europe, and all under
graduates in good standing are
encouraged to apply. Students
attending an Overseas Campus
automatically fulfill the General
Studies area requirements in
Humanities and Social Sciences,
as well as the foreign language
option (except Stanford in Bri
tain).
Stanford professors who will
teach these groups are: Austria
V, Steiner (Political Science);
Britain IV, Boyle (Art), Harris
(English), and David (Econom
ics); France XV, Kolve (En
glish ); Germany XIX, Meads
(MEL) and Scott (Sociology);
Italy V, Ackerman (Art) and
Wright (History).

Sessions last for two full quar
ters at each campus, and tuition
room and board charges are th<
same at as the home campv
Included is the cost of transpor
tation to Europe and the greatei
portion of field trip expenses
Practically all scholarships con
tinue in force during attendant
overseas.
Engineering and science ma
jors may consult the samp''
programs in the Overseas Cam
puses Office for suggestions or
planning study programs to in
elude a term overseas.
Those students who have ap
plied previously are reminds
that a new application must bf
submitted if they wish to |\
considered. Married students art
not eligible. The Overseas Cam
puses Office will be happy tr
provide further information anc
answer questions.
Applications are now avail
able for forthcoming sessions at
Stanford's Overseas Campuses.
Selection will be made at the
end of the current quarter for
the following groups: Stanford
in Austria V, September 1967-
March 1968; Stanford in France
XV, September 1967 — March
1968; Stanford in Italy XV, Sep
tember 1967-March 1968; Stan
ford in Britain IV, June-Decem
ber 1967; Stanford in Germany
XIX, June-December 1967.
Applications and course lists
for the above sessions may now
be obtained in the Overseas
Campuses Office, Room 1-C, In
ner Quad, and later this week in
many living groups. The dead
line for submitting applications
is December 1, but applicants
are asked to apply as early in
the quarter as possible.

The Overseas Campuses Pro
gram has been designed to en
able students in all majors to
attend a six-month session at
one of the five Stanford cam
puses in Europe, and all under
graduates in good standing are
encouraged to apply. Students
attending an Overseas Campus
automatically fulfill the General
Studies area requirements in
Humanities and Social Sciences,
as well as the foreign language
option (except Stanford in Bri
tain).
Stanford professors who will
teach these groups are: Austria
V, Steiner (Political Science);
Britain IV, Boyle (Art), Harris
(English), and David (Econom
ics); France XV, Kolve (En
glish ); Germany XIX, Meads
(MEL) and Scott (Sociology);
Italy V, Ackerman (Art) and
Wright (History).

Sessions last for two full quar
ters at each campus, and tuition
room and board charges are th<
same at as the home campv
Included is the cost of transpor
tation to Europe and the greatei
portion of field trip expenses
Practically all scholarships con
tinue in force during attendant
overseas.
Engineering and science ma
jors may consult the samp''
programs in the Overseas Cam
puses Office for suggestions or
planning study programs to in
elude a term overseas.
Those students who have ap
plied previously are reminds
that a new application must bf
submitted if they wish to |\
considered. Married students art
not eligible. The Overseas Cam
puses Office will be happy tr
provide further information anc
answer questions.
