# Inner City
## 
### 
A weekend trip to the mner city of
San Francisco to explore problems of
poverty, racism, and minority groups
will be held this weekend, July 12-14.
1 he group will leave campus after
dinner on Friday and return after
lunch on Sunday. The cost will be ap
proximately $12. Reservations should
be made at the University Christian
Movement office, third floor of the
Clubhouse.
A weekend trip to the mner city of
San Francisco to explore problems of
poverty, racism, and minority groups
will be held this weekend, July 12-14.
1 he group will leave campus after
dinner on Friday and return after
lunch on Sunday. The cost will be ap
proximately $12. Reservations should
be made at the University Christian
Movement office, third floor of the
Clubhouse.
A weekend trip to the mner city of
San Francisco to explore problems of
poverty, racism, and minority groups
will be held this weekend, July 12-14.
1 he group will leave campus after
dinner on Friday and return after
lunch on Sunday. The cost will be ap
proximately $12. Reservations should
be made at the University Christian
Movement office, third floor of the
Clubhouse.
A weekend trip to the mner city of
San Francisco to explore problems of
poverty, racism, and minority groups
will be held this weekend, July 12-14.
1 he group will leave campus after
dinner on Friday and return after
lunch on Sunday. The cost will be ap
proximately $12. Reservations should
be made at the University Christian
Movement office, third floor of the
Clubhouse.
A weekend trip to the mner city of
San Francisco to explore problems of
poverty, racism, and minority groups
will be held this weekend, July 12-14.
1 he group will leave campus after
dinner on Friday and return after
lunch on Sunday. The cost will be ap
proximately $12. Reservations should
be made at the University Christian
Movement office, third floor of the
Clubhouse.
A weekend trip to the mner city of
San Francisco to explore problems of
poverty, racism, and minority groups
will be held this weekend, July 12-14.
1 he group will leave campus after
dinner on Friday and return after
lunch on Sunday. The cost will be ap
proximately $12. Reservations should
be made at the University Christian
Movement office, third floor of the
Clubhouse.
A weekend trip to the mner city of
San Francisco to explore problems of
poverty, racism, and minority groups
will be held this weekend, July 12-14.
1 he group will leave campus after
dinner on Friday and return after
lunch on Sunday. The cost will be ap
proximately $12. Reservations should
be made at the University Christian
Movement office, third floor of the
Clubhouse.
A weekend trip to the mner city of
San Francisco to explore problems of
poverty, racism, and minority groups
will be held this weekend, July 12-14.
1 he group will leave campus after
dinner on Friday and return after
lunch on Sunday. The cost will be ap
proximately $12. Reservations should
be made at the University Christian
Movement office, third floor of the
Clubhouse.
A weekend trip to the mner city of
San Francisco to explore problems of
poverty, racism, and minority groups
will be held this weekend, July 12-14.
1 he group will leave campus after
dinner on Friday and return after
lunch on Sunday. The cost will be ap
proximately $12. Reservations should
be made at the University Christian
Movement office, third floor of the
Clubhouse.
A weekend trip to the mner city of
San Francisco to explore problems of
poverty, racism, and minority groups
will be held this weekend, July 12-14.
1 he group will leave campus after
dinner on Friday and return after
lunch on Sunday. The cost will be ap
proximately $12. Reservations should
be made at the University Christian
Movement office, third floor of the
Clubhouse.
A weekend trip to the mner city of
San Francisco to explore problems of
poverty, racism, and minority groups
will be held this weekend, July 12-14.
1 he group will leave campus after
dinner on Friday and return after
lunch on Sunday. The cost will be ap
proximately $12. Reservations should
be made at the University Christian
Movement office, third floor of the
Clubhouse.
A weekend trip to the mner city of
San Francisco to explore problems of
poverty, racism, and minority groups
will be held this weekend, July 12-14.
1 he group will leave campus after
dinner on Friday and return after
lunch on Sunday. The cost will be ap
proximately $12. Reservations should
be made at the University Christian
Movement office, third floor of the
Clubhouse.
A weekend trip to the mner city of
San Francisco to explore problems of
poverty, racism, and minority groups
will be held this weekend, July 12-14.
1 he group will leave campus after
dinner on Friday and return after
lunch on Sunday. The cost will be ap
proximately $12. Reservations should
be made at the University Christian
Movement office, third floor of the
Clubhouse.
A weekend trip to the mner city of
San Francisco to explore problems of
poverty, racism, and minority groups
will be held this weekend, July 12-14.
1 he group will leave campus after
dinner on Friday and return after
lunch on Sunday. The cost will be ap
proximately $12. Reservations should
be made at the University Christian
Movement office, third floor of the
Clubhouse.
