# KZSU
## 
### 
5:30 p.m. Tom Hayden
talks about SolarCal on
"Clearing the Air."
5:30 p.m. Tom Hayden
talks about SolarCal on
"Clearing the Air."
5:30 p.m. Tom Hayden
talks about SolarCal on
"Clearing the Air."
5:30 p.m. Tom Hayden
talks about SolarCal on
"Clearing the Air."
5:30 p.m. Tom Hayden
talks about SolarCal on
"Clearing the Air."
5:30 p.m. Tom Hayden
talks about SolarCal on
"Clearing the Air."
5:30 p.m. Tom Hayden
talks about SolarCal on
"Clearing the Air."
5:30 p.m. Tom Hayden
talks about SolarCal on
"Clearing the Air."
5:30 p.m. Tom Hayden
talks about SolarCal on
"Clearing the Air."
5:30 p.m. Tom Hayden
talks about SolarCal on
"Clearing the Air."
5:30 p.m. Tom Hayden
talks about SolarCal on
"Clearing the Air."
5:30 p.m. Tom Hayden
talks about SolarCal on
"Clearing the Air."
5:30 p.m. Tom Hayden
talks about SolarCal on
"Clearing the Air."
5:30 p.m. Tom Hayden
talks about SolarCal on
"Clearing the Air."
