# Debate Team To Tackle Ca I
## 
### 
Two Stanford debaters will go to
Berkeley this Thursday, to uphold
the Republican stand in the first
campaign debate with Cal on the
subject, "Resolved, that the Roose
velt-Truman ticket should be
elected."
"This should be a vitally inter
esting debate since it is a conflict
between representatives of a tradi
tionally Republican stronghold and
some of Cal's most enthusiastic Dem
ocrats," said Carol Newton, Stanford
debate manager.
The Stanford two-man team will
be chosen today from the Republican
members of the group which reached
the semi-finals in the tryouts held
last week.
The six semi -finalists, who have
been meeting during the past week
to work on general issues relating
to the campaign, are Republicans
Carol Newton, Charles Allyn, and
Morley Thompson, and Democrats
Donna Pickus, Marshall Small, and-
Joan Hertenstein.
Two Democrats will also be chosen
today to represent Stanford in the
big Election Eve Debate to be held
in the Education Auditorium next
Monday night, when Stanford will
again meet a Cal team, this time on
the Democrat side.
Both the debate at Cal and the
Election Eve Debate at Stanford are
to be audience debates with the pri
mary purpose of influencing public
opinion and votes, according to Miss
Newton.
Two Stanford debaters will go to
Berkeley this Thursday, to uphold
the Republican stand in the first
campaign debate with Cal on the
subject, "Resolved, that the Roose
velt-Truman ticket should be
elected."
"This should be a vitally inter
esting debate since it is a conflict
between representatives of a tradi
tionally Republican stronghold and
some of Cal's most enthusiastic Dem
ocrats," said Carol Newton, Stanford
debate manager.
The Stanford two-man team will
be chosen today from the Republican
members of the group which reached
the semi-finals in the tryouts held
last week.
The six semi -finalists, who have
been meeting during the past week
to work on general issues relating
to the campaign, are Republicans
Carol Newton, Charles Allyn, and
Morley Thompson, and Democrats
Donna Pickus, Marshall Small, and-
Joan Hertenstein.
Two Democrats will also be chosen
today to represent Stanford in the
big Election Eve Debate to be held
in the Education Auditorium next
Monday night, when Stanford will
again meet a Cal team, this time on
the Democrat side.
Both the debate at Cal and the
Election Eve Debate at Stanford are
to be audience debates with the pri
mary purpose of influencing public
opinion and votes, according to Miss
Newton.
Two Stanford debaters will go to
Berkeley this Thursday, to uphold
the Republican stand in the first
campaign debate with Cal on the
subject, "Resolved, that the Roose
velt-Truman ticket should be
elected."
"This should be a vitally inter
esting debate since it is a conflict
between representatives of a tradi
tionally Republican stronghold and
some of Cal's most enthusiastic Dem
ocrats," said Carol Newton, Stanford
debate manager.
The Stanford two-man team will
be chosen today from the Republican
members of the group which reached
the semi-finals in the tryouts held
last week.
The six semi -finalists, who have
been meeting during the past week
to work on general issues relating
to the campaign, are Republicans
Carol Newton, Charles Allyn, and
Morley Thompson, and Democrats
Donna Pickus, Marshall Small, and-
Joan Hertenstein.
Two Democrats will also be chosen
today to represent Stanford in the
big Election Eve Debate to be held
in the Education Auditorium next
Monday night, when Stanford will
again meet a Cal team, this time on
the Democrat side.
Both the debate at Cal and the
Election Eve Debate at Stanford are
to be audience debates with the pri
mary purpose of influencing public
opinion and votes, according to Miss
Newton.
Two Stanford debaters will go to
Berkeley this Thursday, to uphold
the Republican stand in the first
campaign debate with Cal on the
subject, "Resolved, that the Roose
velt-Truman ticket should be
elected."
"This should be a vitally inter
esting debate since it is a conflict
between representatives of a tradi
tionally Republican stronghold and
some of Cal's most enthusiastic Dem
ocrats," said Carol Newton, Stanford
debate manager.
The Stanford two-man team will
be chosen today from the Republican
members of the group which reached
the semi-finals in the tryouts held
last week.
The six semi -finalists, who have
been meeting during the past week
to work on general issues relating
to the campaign, are Republicans
Carol Newton, Charles Allyn, and
Morley Thompson, and Democrats
Donna Pickus, Marshall Small, and-
Joan Hertenstein.
Two Democrats will also be chosen
today to represent Stanford in the
big Election Eve Debate to be held
in the Education Auditorium next
Monday night, when Stanford will
again meet a Cal team, this time on
the Democrat side.
Both the debate at Cal and the
Election Eve Debate at Stanford are
to be audience debates with the pri
mary purpose of influencing public
opinion and votes, according to Miss
Newton.
Two Stanford debaters will go to
Berkeley this Thursday, to uphold
the Republican stand in the first
campaign debate with Cal on the
subject, "Resolved, that the Roose
velt-Truman ticket should be
elected."
"This should be a vitally inter
esting debate since it is a conflict
between representatives of a tradi
tionally Republican stronghold and
some of Cal's most enthusiastic Dem
ocrats," said Carol Newton, Stanford
debate manager.
The Stanford two-man team will
be chosen today from the Republican
members of the group which reached
the semi-finals in the tryouts held
last week.
The six semi -finalists, who have
been meeting during the past week
to work on general issues relating
to the campaign, are Republicans
Carol Newton, Charles Allyn, and
Morley Thompson, and Democrats
Donna Pickus, Marshall Small, and-
Joan Hertenstein.
Two Democrats will also be chosen
today to represent Stanford in the
big Election Eve Debate to be held
in the Education Auditorium next
Monday night, when Stanford will
again meet a Cal team, this time on
the Democrat side.
Both the debate at Cal and the
Election Eve Debate at Stanford are
to be audience debates with the pri
mary purpose of influencing public
opinion and votes, according to Miss
Newton.
Two Stanford debaters will go to
Berkeley this Thursday, to uphold
the Republican stand in the first
campaign debate with Cal on the
subject, "Resolved, that the Roose
velt-Truman ticket should be
elected."
"This should be a vitally inter
esting debate since it is a conflict
between representatives of a tradi
tionally Republican stronghold and
some of Cal's most enthusiastic Dem
ocrats," said Carol Newton, Stanford
debate manager.
The Stanford two-man team will
be chosen today from the Republican
members of the group which reached
the semi-finals in the tryouts held
last week.
The six semi -finalists, who have
been meeting during the past week
to work on general issues relating
to the campaign, are Republicans
Carol Newton, Charles Allyn, and
Morley Thompson, and Democrats
Donna Pickus, Marshall Small, and-
Joan Hertenstein.
Two Democrats will also be chosen
today to represent Stanford in the
big Election Eve Debate to be held
in the Education Auditorium next
Monday night, when Stanford will
again meet a Cal team, this time on
the Democrat side.
Both the debate at Cal and the
Election Eve Debate at Stanford are
to be audience debates with the pri
mary purpose of influencing public
opinion and votes, according to Miss
Newton.
Two Stanford debaters will go to
Berkeley this Thursday, to uphold
the Republican stand in the first
campaign debate with Cal on the
subject, "Resolved, that the Roose
velt-Truman ticket should be
elected."
"This should be a vitally inter
esting debate since it is a conflict
between representatives of a tradi
tionally Republican stronghold and
some of Cal's most enthusiastic Dem
ocrats," said Carol Newton, Stanford
debate manager.
The Stanford two-man team will
be chosen today from the Republican
members of the group which reached
the semi-finals in the tryouts held
last week.
The six semi -finalists, who have
been meeting during the past week
to work on general issues relating
to the campaign, are Republicans
Carol Newton, Charles Allyn, and
Morley Thompson, and Democrats
Donna Pickus, Marshall Small, and-
Joan Hertenstein.
Two Democrats will also be chosen
today to represent Stanford in the
big Election Eve Debate to be held
in the Education Auditorium next
Monday night, when Stanford will
again meet a Cal team, this time on
the Democrat side.
Both the debate at Cal and the
Election Eve Debate at Stanford are
to be audience debates with the pri
mary purpose of influencing public
opinion and votes, according to Miss
Newton.
Two Stanford debaters will go to
Berkeley this Thursday, to uphold
the Republican stand in the first
campaign debate with Cal on the
subject, "Resolved, that the Roose
velt-Truman ticket should be
elected."
"This should be a vitally inter
esting debate since it is a conflict
between representatives of a tradi
tionally Republican stronghold and
some of Cal's most enthusiastic Dem
ocrats," said Carol Newton, Stanford
debate manager.
The Stanford two-man team will
be chosen today from the Republican
members of the group which reached
the semi-finals in the tryouts held
last week.
The six semi -finalists, who have
been meeting during the past week
to work on general issues relating
to the campaign, are Republicans
Carol Newton, Charles Allyn, and
Morley Thompson, and Democrats
Donna Pickus, Marshall Small, and-
Joan Hertenstein.
Two Democrats will also be chosen
today to represent Stanford in the
big Election Eve Debate to be held
in the Education Auditorium next
Monday night, when Stanford will
again meet a Cal team, this time on
the Democrat side.
Both the debate at Cal and the
Election Eve Debate at Stanford are
to be audience debates with the pri
mary purpose of influencing public
opinion and votes, according to Miss
Newton.
Two Stanford debaters will go to
Berkeley this Thursday, to uphold
the Republican stand in the first
campaign debate with Cal on the
subject, "Resolved, that the Roose
velt-Truman ticket should be
elected."
"This should be a vitally inter
esting debate since it is a conflict
between representatives of a tradi
tionally Republican stronghold and
some of Cal's most enthusiastic Dem
ocrats," said Carol Newton, Stanford
debate manager.
The Stanford two-man team will
be chosen today from the Republican
members of the group which reached
the semi-finals in the tryouts held
last week.
The six semi -finalists, who have
been meeting during the past week
to work on general issues relating
to the campaign, are Republicans
Carol Newton, Charles Allyn, and
Morley Thompson, and Democrats
Donna Pickus, Marshall Small, and-
Joan Hertenstein.
Two Democrats will also be chosen
today to represent Stanford in the
big Election Eve Debate to be held
in the Education Auditorium next
Monday night, when Stanford will
again meet a Cal team, this time on
the Democrat side.
Both the debate at Cal and the
Election Eve Debate at Stanford are
to be audience debates with the pri
mary purpose of influencing public
opinion and votes, according to Miss
Newton.
Two Stanford debaters will go to
Berkeley this Thursday, to uphold
the Republican stand in the first
campaign debate with Cal on the
subject, "Resolved, that the Roose
velt-Truman ticket should be
elected."
"This should be a vitally inter
esting debate since it is a conflict
between representatives of a tradi
tionally Republican stronghold and
some of Cal's most enthusiastic Dem
ocrats," said Carol Newton, Stanford
debate manager.
The Stanford two-man team will
be chosen today from the Republican
members of the group which reached
the semi-finals in the tryouts held
last week.
The six semi -finalists, who have
been meeting during the past week
to work on general issues relating
to the campaign, are Republicans
Carol Newton, Charles Allyn, and
Morley Thompson, and Democrats
Donna Pickus, Marshall Small, and-
Joan Hertenstein.
Two Democrats will also be chosen
today to represent Stanford in the
big Election Eve Debate to be held
in the Education Auditorium next
Monday night, when Stanford will
again meet a Cal team, this time on
the Democrat side.
Both the debate at Cal and the
Election Eve Debate at Stanford are
to be audience debates with the pri
mary purpose of influencing public
opinion and votes, according to Miss
Newton.
Two Stanford debaters will go to
Berkeley this Thursday, to uphold
the Republican stand in the first
campaign debate with Cal on the
subject, "Resolved, that the Roose
velt-Truman ticket should be
elected."
"This should be a vitally inter
esting debate since it is a conflict
between representatives of a tradi
tionally Republican stronghold and
some of Cal's most enthusiastic Dem
ocrats," said Carol Newton, Stanford
debate manager.
The Stanford two-man team will
be chosen today from the Republican
members of the group which reached
the semi-finals in the tryouts held
last week.
The six semi -finalists, who have
been meeting during the past week
to work on general issues relating
to the campaign, are Republicans
Carol Newton, Charles Allyn, and
Morley Thompson, and Democrats
Donna Pickus, Marshall Small, and-
Joan Hertenstein.
Two Democrats will also be chosen
today to represent Stanford in the
big Election Eve Debate to be held
in the Education Auditorium next
Monday night, when Stanford will
again meet a Cal team, this time on
the Democrat side.
Both the debate at Cal and the
Election Eve Debate at Stanford are
to be audience debates with the pri
mary purpose of influencing public
opinion and votes, according to Miss
Newton.
Two Stanford debaters will go to
Berkeley this Thursday, to uphold
the Republican stand in the first
campaign debate with Cal on the
subject, "Resolved, that the Roose
velt-Truman ticket should be
elected."
"This should be a vitally inter
esting debate since it is a conflict
between representatives of a tradi
tionally Republican stronghold and
some of Cal's most enthusiastic Dem
ocrats," said Carol Newton, Stanford
debate manager.
The Stanford two-man team will
be chosen today from the Republican
members of the group which reached
the semi-finals in the tryouts held
last week.
The six semi -finalists, who have
been meeting during the past week
to work on general issues relating
to the campaign, are Republicans
Carol Newton, Charles Allyn, and
Morley Thompson, and Democrats
Donna Pickus, Marshall Small, and-
Joan Hertenstein.
Two Democrats will also be chosen
today to represent Stanford in the
big Election Eve Debate to be held
in the Education Auditorium next
Monday night, when Stanford will
again meet a Cal team, this time on
the Democrat side.
Both the debate at Cal and the
Election Eve Debate at Stanford are
to be audience debates with the pri
mary purpose of influencing public
opinion and votes, according to Miss
Newton.
Two Stanford debaters will go to
Berkeley this Thursday, to uphold
the Republican stand in the first
campaign debate with Cal on the
subject, "Resolved, that the Roose
velt-Truman ticket should be
elected."
"This should be a vitally inter
esting debate since it is a conflict
between representatives of a tradi
tionally Republican stronghold and
some of Cal's most enthusiastic Dem
ocrats," said Carol Newton, Stanford
debate manager.
The Stanford two-man team will
be chosen today from the Republican
members of the group which reached
the semi-finals in the tryouts held
last week.
The six semi -finalists, who have
been meeting during the past week
to work on general issues relating
to the campaign, are Republicans
Carol Newton, Charles Allyn, and
Morley Thompson, and Democrats
Donna Pickus, Marshall Small, and-
Joan Hertenstein.
Two Democrats will also be chosen
today to represent Stanford in the
big Election Eve Debate to be held
in the Education Auditorium next
Monday night, when Stanford will
again meet a Cal team, this time on
the Democrat side.
Both the debate at Cal and the
Election Eve Debate at Stanford are
to be audience debates with the pri
mary purpose of influencing public
opinion and votes, according to Miss
Newton.
Two Stanford debaters will go to
Berkeley this Thursday, to uphold
the Republican stand in the first
campaign debate with Cal on the
subject, "Resolved, that the Roose
velt-Truman ticket should be
elected."
"This should be a vitally inter
esting debate since it is a conflict
between representatives of a tradi
tionally Republican stronghold and
some of Cal's most enthusiastic Dem
ocrats," said Carol Newton, Stanford
debate manager.
The Stanford two-man team will
be chosen today from the Republican
members of the group which reached
the semi-finals in the tryouts held
last week.
The six semi -finalists, who have
been meeting during the past week
to work on general issues relating
to the campaign, are Republicans
Carol Newton, Charles Allyn, and
Morley Thompson, and Democrats
Donna Pickus, Marshall Small, and-
Joan Hertenstein.
Two Democrats will also be chosen
today to represent Stanford in the
big Election Eve Debate to be held
in the Education Auditorium next
Monday night, when Stanford will
again meet a Cal team, this time on
the Democrat side.
Both the debate at Cal and the
Election Eve Debate at Stanford are
to be audience debates with the pri
mary purpose of influencing public
opinion and votes, according to Miss
Newton.
Two Stanford debaters will go to
Berkeley this Thursday, to uphold
the Republican stand in the first
campaign debate with Cal on the
subject, "Resolved, that the Roose
velt-Truman ticket should be
elected."
"This should be a vitally inter
esting debate since it is a conflict
between representatives of a tradi
tionally Republican stronghold and
some of Cal's most enthusiastic Dem
ocrats," said Carol Newton, Stanford
debate manager.
The Stanford two-man team will
be chosen today from the Republican
members of the group which reached
the semi-finals in the tryouts held
last week.
The six semi -finalists, who have
been meeting during the past week
to work on general issues relating
to the campaign, are Republicans
Carol Newton, Charles Allyn, and
Morley Thompson, and Democrats
Donna Pickus, Marshall Small, and-
Joan Hertenstein.
Two Democrats will also be chosen
today to represent Stanford in the
big Election Eve Debate to be held
in the Education Auditorium next
Monday night, when Stanford will
again meet a Cal team, this time on
the Democrat side.
Both the debate at Cal and the
Election Eve Debate at Stanford are
to be audience debates with the pri
mary purpose of influencing public
opinion and votes, according to Miss
Newton.
Two Stanford debaters will go to
Berkeley this Thursday, to uphold
the Republican stand in the first
campaign debate with Cal on the
subject, "Resolved, that the Roose
velt-Truman ticket should be
elected."
"This should be a vitally inter
esting debate since it is a conflict
between representatives of a tradi
tionally Republican stronghold and
some of Cal's most enthusiastic Dem
ocrats," said Carol Newton, Stanford
debate manager.
The Stanford two-man team will
be chosen today from the Republican
members of the group which reached
the semi-finals in the tryouts held
last week.
The six semi -finalists, who have
been meeting during the past week
to work on general issues relating
to the campaign, are Republicans
Carol Newton, Charles Allyn, and
Morley Thompson, and Democrats
Donna Pickus, Marshall Small, and-
Joan Hertenstein.
Two Democrats will also be chosen
today to represent Stanford in the
big Election Eve Debate to be held
in the Education Auditorium next
Monday night, when Stanford will
again meet a Cal team, this time on
the Democrat side.
Both the debate at Cal and the
Election Eve Debate at Stanford are
to be audience debates with the pri
mary purpose of influencing public
opinion and votes, according to Miss
Newton.
Two Stanford debaters will go to
Berkeley this Thursday, to uphold
the Republican stand in the first
campaign debate with Cal on the
subject, "Resolved, that the Roose
velt-Truman ticket should be
elected."
"This should be a vitally inter
esting debate since it is a conflict
between representatives of a tradi
tionally Republican stronghold and
some of Cal's most enthusiastic Dem
ocrats," said Carol Newton, Stanford
debate manager.
The Stanford two-man team will
be chosen today from the Republican
members of the group which reached
the semi-finals in the tryouts held
last week.
The six semi -finalists, who have
been meeting during the past week
to work on general issues relating
to the campaign, are Republicans
Carol Newton, Charles Allyn, and
Morley Thompson, and Democrats
Donna Pickus, Marshall Small, and-
Joan Hertenstein.
Two Democrats will also be chosen
today to represent Stanford in the
big Election Eve Debate to be held
in the Education Auditorium next
Monday night, when Stanford will
again meet a Cal team, this time on
the Democrat side.
Both the debate at Cal and the
Election Eve Debate at Stanford are
to be audience debates with the pri
mary purpose of influencing public
opinion and votes, according to Miss
Newton.
