# Adv. 14 Page 7
## 
### 
Participants Needed: 18-25 y/o
women. Concerned about body
image? Going thru breakup?
Trouble w roommates? Can't
focus? Stanford resrchers study
ing benefits of coping skills
program. Call 723-8193 or
vickiec@stanford.edu. Questions
about research? Call toll free:
Participants Needed: 18-25 y/o
women. Concerned about body
image? Going thru breakup?
Trouble w roommates? Can't
focus? Stanford resrchers study
ing benefits of coping skills
program. Call 723-8193 or
vickiec@stanford.edu. Questions
about research? Call toll free:
Participants Needed: 18-25 y/o
women. Concerned about body
image? Going thru breakup?
Trouble w roommates? Can't
focus? Stanford resrchers study
ing benefits of coping skills
program. Call 723-8193 or
vickiec@stanford.edu. Questions
about research? Call toll free:
Participants Needed: 18-25 y/o
women. Concerned about body
image? Going thru breakup?
Trouble w roommates? Can't
focus? Stanford resrchers study
ing benefits of coping skills
program. Call 723-8193 or
vickiec@stanford.edu. Questions
about research? Call toll free:
Participants Needed: 18-25 y/o
women. Concerned about body
image? Going thru breakup?
Trouble w roommates? Can't
focus? Stanford resrchers study
ing benefits of coping skills
program. Call 723-8193 or
vickiec@stanford.edu. Questions
about research? Call toll free:
Participants Needed: 18-25 y/o
women. Concerned about body
image? Going thru breakup?
Trouble w roommates? Can't
focus? Stanford resrchers study
ing benefits of coping skills
program. Call 723-8193 or
vickiec@stanford.edu. Questions
about research? Call toll free:
