# Untitled Article
## 
### 

SASHA SIDDHARTHA/The Stanford Doily

The next Venus?
A young girl practices
serving at the Siebel
Classic tennis tournament
where men five times her
age competed this week
end.

SASHA SIDDHARTHA/The Stanford Doily

The next Venus?
A young girl practices
serving at the Siebel
Classic tennis tournament
where men five times her
age competed this week
end.

SASHA SIDDHARTHA/The Stanford Doily

The next Venus?
A young girl practices
serving at the Siebel
Classic tennis tournament
where men five times her
age competed this week
end.

SASHA SIDDHARTHA/The Stanford Doily

The next Venus?
A young girl practices
serving at the Siebel
Classic tennis tournament
where men five times her
age competed this week
end.

SASHA SIDDHARTHA/The Stanford Doily

The next Venus?
A young girl practices
serving at the Siebel
Classic tennis tournament
where men five times her
age competed this week
end.

SASHA SIDDHARTHA/The Stanford Doily

The next Venus?
A young girl practices
serving at the Siebel
Classic tennis tournament
where men five times her
age competed this week
end.
