# YW Meets Today To Discus UMT
## 
### 
Students interested in public af
fairs are invited to attend a lunch
eon meeting of the YWCA Public
Affairs Committee to discuss "Uni
vrsal Military Training and the
World Scene."
The meeting will be held at noon
today in the "Y" lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. Anyone wish
ing to attend should sign up at the

"Y" office before the meeting. A
25-cent fee will be charged for the
meal.
Three or four persons from this
group will discuss the same topic
on KZSU Monday.
Students interested in public af
fairs are invited to attend a lunch
eon meeting of the YWCA Public
Affairs Committee to discuss "Uni
vrsal Military Training and the
World Scene."
The meeting will be held at noon
today in the "Y" lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. Anyone wish
ing to attend should sign up at the

"Y" office before the meeting. A
25-cent fee will be charged for the
meal.
Three or four persons from this
group will discuss the same topic
on KZSU Monday.
Students interested in public af
fairs are invited to attend a lunch
eon meeting of the YWCA Public
Affairs Committee to discuss "Uni
vrsal Military Training and the
World Scene."
The meeting will be held at noon
today in the "Y" lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. Anyone wish
ing to attend should sign up at the

"Y" office before the meeting. A
25-cent fee will be charged for the
meal.
Three or four persons from this
group will discuss the same topic
on KZSU Monday.
Students interested in public af
fairs are invited to attend a lunch
eon meeting of the YWCA Public
Affairs Committee to discuss "Uni
vrsal Military Training and the
World Scene."
The meeting will be held at noon
today in the "Y" lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. Anyone wish
ing to attend should sign up at the

"Y" office before the meeting. A
25-cent fee will be charged for the
meal.
Three or four persons from this
group will discuss the same topic
on KZSU Monday.
Students interested in public af
fairs are invited to attend a lunch
eon meeting of the YWCA Public
Affairs Committee to discuss "Uni
vrsal Military Training and the
World Scene."
The meeting will be held at noon
today in the "Y" lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. Anyone wish
ing to attend should sign up at the

"Y" office before the meeting. A
25-cent fee will be charged for the
meal.
Three or four persons from this
group will discuss the same topic
on KZSU Monday.
Students interested in public af
fairs are invited to attend a lunch
eon meeting of the YWCA Public
Affairs Committee to discuss "Uni
vrsal Military Training and the
World Scene."
The meeting will be held at noon
today in the "Y" lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. Anyone wish
ing to attend should sign up at the

"Y" office before the meeting. A
25-cent fee will be charged for the
meal.
Three or four persons from this
group will discuss the same topic
on KZSU Monday.
Students interested in public af
fairs are invited to attend a lunch
eon meeting of the YWCA Public
Affairs Committee to discuss "Uni
vrsal Military Training and the
World Scene."
The meeting will be held at noon
today in the "Y" lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. Anyone wish
ing to attend should sign up at the

"Y" office before the meeting. A
25-cent fee will be charged for the
meal.
Three or four persons from this
group will discuss the same topic
on KZSU Monday.
Students interested in public af
fairs are invited to attend a lunch
eon meeting of the YWCA Public
Affairs Committee to discuss "Uni
vrsal Military Training and the
World Scene."
The meeting will be held at noon
today in the "Y" lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. Anyone wish
ing to attend should sign up at the

"Y" office before the meeting. A
25-cent fee will be charged for the
meal.
Three or four persons from this
group will discuss the same topic
on KZSU Monday.
Students interested in public af
fairs are invited to attend a lunch
eon meeting of the YWCA Public
Affairs Committee to discuss "Uni
vrsal Military Training and the
World Scene."
The meeting will be held at noon
today in the "Y" lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. Anyone wish
ing to attend should sign up at the

"Y" office before the meeting. A
25-cent fee will be charged for the
meal.
Three or four persons from this
group will discuss the same topic
on KZSU Monday.
Students interested in public af
fairs are invited to attend a lunch
eon meeting of the YWCA Public
Affairs Committee to discuss "Uni
vrsal Military Training and the
World Scene."
The meeting will be held at noon
today in the "Y" lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. Anyone wish
ing to attend should sign up at the

"Y" office before the meeting. A
25-cent fee will be charged for the
meal.
Three or four persons from this
group will discuss the same topic
on KZSU Monday.
Students interested in public af
fairs are invited to attend a lunch
eon meeting of the YWCA Public
Affairs Committee to discuss "Uni
vrsal Military Training and the
World Scene."
The meeting will be held at noon
today in the "Y" lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. Anyone wish
ing to attend should sign up at the

"Y" office before the meeting. A
25-cent fee will be charged for the
meal.
Three or four persons from this
group will discuss the same topic
on KZSU Monday.
Students interested in public af
fairs are invited to attend a lunch
eon meeting of the YWCA Public
Affairs Committee to discuss "Uni
vrsal Military Training and the
World Scene."
The meeting will be held at noon
today in the "Y" lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. Anyone wish
ing to attend should sign up at the

"Y" office before the meeting. A
25-cent fee will be charged for the
meal.
Three or four persons from this
group will discuss the same topic
on KZSU Monday.
Students interested in public af
fairs are invited to attend a lunch
eon meeting of the YWCA Public
Affairs Committee to discuss "Uni
vrsal Military Training and the
World Scene."
The meeting will be held at noon
today in the "Y" lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. Anyone wish
ing to attend should sign up at the

"Y" office before the meeting. A
25-cent fee will be charged for the
meal.
Three or four persons from this
group will discuss the same topic
on KZSU Monday.
Students interested in public af
fairs are invited to attend a lunch
eon meeting of the YWCA Public
Affairs Committee to discuss "Uni
vrsal Military Training and the
World Scene."
The meeting will be held at noon
today in the "Y" lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. Anyone wish
ing to attend should sign up at the

"Y" office before the meeting. A
25-cent fee will be charged for the
meal.
Three or four persons from this
group will discuss the same topic
on KZSU Monday.
Students interested in public af
fairs are invited to attend a lunch
eon meeting of the YWCA Public
Affairs Committee to discuss "Uni
vrsal Military Training and the
World Scene."
The meeting will be held at noon
today in the "Y" lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. Anyone wish
ing to attend should sign up at the

"Y" office before the meeting. A
25-cent fee will be charged for the
meal.
Three or four persons from this
group will discuss the same topic
on KZSU Monday.
Students interested in public af
fairs are invited to attend a lunch
eon meeting of the YWCA Public
Affairs Committee to discuss "Uni
vrsal Military Training and the
World Scene."
The meeting will be held at noon
today in the "Y" lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. Anyone wish
ing to attend should sign up at the

"Y" office before the meeting. A
25-cent fee will be charged for the
meal.
Three or four persons from this
group will discuss the same topic
on KZSU Monday.
