# CARD BABE NINE TO PLAY THREE GAMES
## 
### 
Freshmen basketball artists are
scheduled to meet three strong nines
this week. Wednesday afternoon at
three o'clock the Babes will meet the
William Warren school; Friday morn
ing at 10 o'clock they clash with the
Chico High aggregation, and Saturday
the Babes complete the list by play
ing the U. C. Dental College. All
games will take place on the freshmen
field.
William Warren is coached by "Art"
Wilcox, quarterback on the 1922 foot
ball team and veteran on the grid
squad. Flint Hanner, former Stanford
star track, is coaching Chico High.
Both of these teams are reputed to
be of high class.
The hardest game will be the U. C.
Dental College contest which has one
of the strongest aggregations that has
represented that school in several
years. ( y
Freshmen basketball artists are
scheduled to meet three strong nines
this week. Wednesday afternoon at
three o'clock the Babes will meet the
William Warren school; Friday morn
ing at 10 o'clock they clash with the
Chico High aggregation, and Saturday
the Babes complete the list by play
ing the U. C. Dental College. All
games will take place on the freshmen
field.
William Warren is coached by "Art"
Wilcox, quarterback on the 1922 foot
ball team and veteran on the grid
squad. Flint Hanner, former Stanford
star track, is coaching Chico High.
Both of these teams are reputed to
be of high class.
The hardest game will be the U. C.
Dental College contest which has one
of the strongest aggregations that has
represented that school in several
years. ( y
Freshmen basketball artists are
scheduled to meet three strong nines
this week. Wednesday afternoon at
three o'clock the Babes will meet the
William Warren school; Friday morn
ing at 10 o'clock they clash with the
Chico High aggregation, and Saturday
the Babes complete the list by play
ing the U. C. Dental College. All
games will take place on the freshmen
field.
William Warren is coached by "Art"
Wilcox, quarterback on the 1922 foot
ball team and veteran on the grid
squad. Flint Hanner, former Stanford
star track, is coaching Chico High.
Both of these teams are reputed to
be of high class.
The hardest game will be the U. C.
Dental College contest which has one
of the strongest aggregations that has
represented that school in several
years. ( y
Freshmen basketball artists are
scheduled to meet three strong nines
this week. Wednesday afternoon at
three o'clock the Babes will meet the
William Warren school; Friday morn
ing at 10 o'clock they clash with the
Chico High aggregation, and Saturday
the Babes complete the list by play
ing the U. C. Dental College. All
games will take place on the freshmen
field.
William Warren is coached by "Art"
Wilcox, quarterback on the 1922 foot
ball team and veteran on the grid
squad. Flint Hanner, former Stanford
star track, is coaching Chico High.
Both of these teams are reputed to
be of high class.
The hardest game will be the U. C.
Dental College contest which has one
of the strongest aggregations that has
represented that school in several
years. ( y
Freshmen basketball artists are
scheduled to meet three strong nines
this week. Wednesday afternoon at
three o'clock the Babes will meet the
William Warren school; Friday morn
ing at 10 o'clock they clash with the
Chico High aggregation, and Saturday
the Babes complete the list by play
ing the U. C. Dental College. All
games will take place on the freshmen
field.
William Warren is coached by "Art"
Wilcox, quarterback on the 1922 foot
ball team and veteran on the grid
squad. Flint Hanner, former Stanford
star track, is coaching Chico High.
Both of these teams are reputed to
be of high class.
The hardest game will be the U. C.
Dental College contest which has one
of the strongest aggregations that has
represented that school in several
years. ( y
Freshmen basketball artists are
scheduled to meet three strong nines
this week. Wednesday afternoon at
three o'clock the Babes will meet the
William Warren school; Friday morn
ing at 10 o'clock they clash with the
Chico High aggregation, and Saturday
the Babes complete the list by play
ing the U. C. Dental College. All
games will take place on the freshmen
field.
William Warren is coached by "Art"
Wilcox, quarterback on the 1922 foot
ball team and veteran on the grid
squad. Flint Hanner, former Stanford
star track, is coaching Chico High.
Both of these teams are reputed to
be of high class.
The hardest game will be the U. C.
Dental College contest which has one
of the strongest aggregations that has
represented that school in several
years. ( y
Freshmen basketball artists are
scheduled to meet three strong nines
this week. Wednesday afternoon at
three o'clock the Babes will meet the
William Warren school; Friday morn
ing at 10 o'clock they clash with the
Chico High aggregation, and Saturday
the Babes complete the list by play
ing the U. C. Dental College. All
games will take place on the freshmen
field.
William Warren is coached by "Art"
Wilcox, quarterback on the 1922 foot
ball team and veteran on the grid
squad. Flint Hanner, former Stanford
star track, is coaching Chico High.
Both of these teams are reputed to
be of high class.
The hardest game will be the U. C.
Dental College contest which has one
of the strongest aggregations that has
represented that school in several
years. ( y
Freshmen basketball artists are
scheduled to meet three strong nines
this week. Wednesday afternoon at
three o'clock the Babes will meet the
William Warren school; Friday morn
ing at 10 o'clock they clash with the
Chico High aggregation, and Saturday
the Babes complete the list by play
ing the U. C. Dental College. All
games will take place on the freshmen
field.
William Warren is coached by "Art"
Wilcox, quarterback on the 1922 foot
ball team and veteran on the grid
squad. Flint Hanner, former Stanford
star track, is coaching Chico High.
Both of these teams are reputed to
be of high class.
The hardest game will be the U. C.
Dental College contest which has one
of the strongest aggregations that has
represented that school in several
years. ( y
Freshmen basketball artists are
scheduled to meet three strong nines
this week. Wednesday afternoon at
three o'clock the Babes will meet the
William Warren school; Friday morn
ing at 10 o'clock they clash with the
Chico High aggregation, and Saturday
the Babes complete the list by play
ing the U. C. Dental College. All
games will take place on the freshmen
field.
William Warren is coached by "Art"
Wilcox, quarterback on the 1922 foot
ball team and veteran on the grid
squad. Flint Hanner, former Stanford
star track, is coaching Chico High.
Both of these teams are reputed to
be of high class.
The hardest game will be the U. C.
Dental College contest which has one
of the strongest aggregations that has
represented that school in several
years. ( y
Freshmen basketball artists are
scheduled to meet three strong nines
this week. Wednesday afternoon at
three o'clock the Babes will meet the
William Warren school; Friday morn
ing at 10 o'clock they clash with the
Chico High aggregation, and Saturday
the Babes complete the list by play
ing the U. C. Dental College. All
games will take place on the freshmen
field.
William Warren is coached by "Art"
Wilcox, quarterback on the 1922 foot
ball team and veteran on the grid
squad. Flint Hanner, former Stanford
star track, is coaching Chico High.
Both of these teams are reputed to
be of high class.
The hardest game will be the U. C.
Dental College contest which has one
of the strongest aggregations that has
represented that school in several
years. ( y
Freshmen basketball artists are
scheduled to meet three strong nines
this week. Wednesday afternoon at
three o'clock the Babes will meet the
William Warren school; Friday morn
ing at 10 o'clock they clash with the
Chico High aggregation, and Saturday
the Babes complete the list by play
ing the U. C. Dental College. All
games will take place on the freshmen
field.
William Warren is coached by "Art"
Wilcox, quarterback on the 1922 foot
ball team and veteran on the grid
squad. Flint Hanner, former Stanford
star track, is coaching Chico High.
Both of these teams are reputed to
be of high class.
The hardest game will be the U. C.
Dental College contest which has one
of the strongest aggregations that has
represented that school in several
years. ( y
Freshmen basketball artists are
scheduled to meet three strong nines
this week. Wednesday afternoon at
three o'clock the Babes will meet the
William Warren school; Friday morn
ing at 10 o'clock they clash with the
Chico High aggregation, and Saturday
the Babes complete the list by play
ing the U. C. Dental College. All
games will take place on the freshmen
field.
William Warren is coached by "Art"
Wilcox, quarterback on the 1922 foot
ball team and veteran on the grid
squad. Flint Hanner, former Stanford
star track, is coaching Chico High.
Both of these teams are reputed to
be of high class.
The hardest game will be the U. C.
Dental College contest which has one
of the strongest aggregations that has
represented that school in several
years. ( y
Freshmen basketball artists are
scheduled to meet three strong nines
this week. Wednesday afternoon at
three o'clock the Babes will meet the
William Warren school; Friday morn
ing at 10 o'clock they clash with the
Chico High aggregation, and Saturday
the Babes complete the list by play
ing the U. C. Dental College. All
games will take place on the freshmen
field.
William Warren is coached by "Art"
Wilcox, quarterback on the 1922 foot
ball team and veteran on the grid
squad. Flint Hanner, former Stanford
star track, is coaching Chico High.
Both of these teams are reputed to
be of high class.
The hardest game will be the U. C.
Dental College contest which has one
of the strongest aggregations that has
represented that school in several
years. ( y
Freshmen basketball artists are
scheduled to meet three strong nines
this week. Wednesday afternoon at
three o'clock the Babes will meet the
William Warren school; Friday morn
ing at 10 o'clock they clash with the
Chico High aggregation, and Saturday
the Babes complete the list by play
ing the U. C. Dental College. All
games will take place on the freshmen
field.
William Warren is coached by "Art"
Wilcox, quarterback on the 1922 foot
ball team and veteran on the grid
squad. Flint Hanner, former Stanford
star track, is coaching Chico High.
Both of these teams are reputed to
be of high class.
The hardest game will be the U. C.
Dental College contest which has one
of the strongest aggregations that has
represented that school in several
years. ( y
Freshmen basketball artists are
scheduled to meet three strong nines
this week. Wednesday afternoon at
three o'clock the Babes will meet the
William Warren school; Friday morn
ing at 10 o'clock they clash with the
Chico High aggregation, and Saturday
the Babes complete the list by play
ing the U. C. Dental College. All
games will take place on the freshmen
field.
William Warren is coached by "Art"
Wilcox, quarterback on the 1922 foot
ball team and veteran on the grid
squad. Flint Hanner, former Stanford
star track, is coaching Chico High.
Both of these teams are reputed to
be of high class.
The hardest game will be the U. C.
Dental College contest which has one
of the strongest aggregations that has
represented that school in several
years. ( y
