# BASEBALL CAPTAIN.
## H.E. Lougheed, '00, Elected to Fill the Place of Ex-Captain Jeffs. 
### 
Herbert E. Lougheed, '00, was
unanimously elected baseball cap
tain to succeed Captain Jeffs, re
signed, at the meeting of baseball
men this afternoon.
The new captain is a Los Angeles
man. He is an old player, having
been on the diamond for the past
ten years. He played on the team
the one year which he spent at the
University of Southern California
in preparing to enter Stanford.
Lougheed played shortstop on last
year's nine and made a good rec
ord for the season. He fields his
position in excellent style and is
one of the best base-runners on the
team. He also has a good batting
record, and is consistent and con
scientious in every department of
his work. Lougheed is 24 years of
age. His major in the University
is English.
Speaking as to the policy to be
pursued with the material put into
his hands by the election to the
captaincy, Captain Lougheed said:
"1 shall continue the work much
as Captain Jeffs has planned it.
We have plenty of good men, some
of whom are freshmen. It shall be
my purpose to develop a strong
batting team, at the same time pay
ing close attention to every other
department of the game. The prac
tice game idea is a good one, and
after the regular preliminary warm
ing up process every day, 1 shall
probably organize two teams for
regular game work."
Herbert E. Lougheed, '00, was
unanimously elected baseball cap
tain to succeed Captain Jeffs, re
signed, at the meeting of baseball
men this afternoon.
The new captain is a Los Angeles
man. He is an old player, having
been on the diamond for the past
ten years. He played on the team
the one year which he spent at the
University of Southern California
in preparing to enter Stanford.
Lougheed played shortstop on last
year's nine and made a good rec
ord for the season. He fields his
position in excellent style and is
one of the best base-runners on the
team. He also has a good batting
record, and is consistent and con
scientious in every department of
his work. Lougheed is 24 years of
age. His major in the University
is English.
Speaking as to the policy to be
pursued with the material put into
his hands by the election to the
captaincy, Captain Lougheed said:
"1 shall continue the work much
as Captain Jeffs has planned it.
We have plenty of good men, some
of whom are freshmen. It shall be
my purpose to develop a strong
batting team, at the same time pay
ing close attention to every other
department of the game. The prac
tice game idea is a good one, and
after the regular preliminary warm
ing up process every day, 1 shall
probably organize two teams for
regular game work."
Herbert E. Lougheed, '00, was
unanimously elected baseball cap
tain to succeed Captain Jeffs, re
signed, at the meeting of baseball
men this afternoon.
The new captain is a Los Angeles
man. He is an old player, having
been on the diamond for the past
ten years. He played on the team
the one year which he spent at the
University of Southern California
in preparing to enter Stanford.
Lougheed played shortstop on last
year's nine and made a good rec
ord for the season. He fields his
position in excellent style and is
one of the best base-runners on the
team. He also has a good batting
record, and is consistent and con
scientious in every department of
his work. Lougheed is 24 years of
age. His major in the University
is English.
Speaking as to the policy to be
pursued with the material put into
his hands by the election to the
captaincy, Captain Lougheed said:
"1 shall continue the work much
as Captain Jeffs has planned it.
We have plenty of good men, some
of whom are freshmen. It shall be
my purpose to develop a strong
batting team, at the same time pay
ing close attention to every other
department of the game. The prac
tice game idea is a good one, and
after the regular preliminary warm
ing up process every day, 1 shall
probably organize two teams for
regular game work."
Herbert E. Lougheed, '00, was
unanimously elected baseball cap
tain to succeed Captain Jeffs, re
signed, at the meeting of baseball
men this afternoon.
The new captain is a Los Angeles
man. He is an old player, having
been on the diamond for the past
ten years. He played on the team
the one year which he spent at the
University of Southern California
in preparing to enter Stanford.
Lougheed played shortstop on last
year's nine and made a good rec
ord for the season. He fields his
position in excellent style and is
one of the best base-runners on the
team. He also has a good batting
record, and is consistent and con
scientious in every department of
his work. Lougheed is 24 years of
age. His major in the University
is English.
Speaking as to the policy to be
pursued with the material put into
his hands by the election to the
captaincy, Captain Lougheed said:
"1 shall continue the work much
as Captain Jeffs has planned it.
We have plenty of good men, some
of whom are freshmen. It shall be
my purpose to develop a strong
batting team, at the same time pay
ing close attention to every other
department of the game. The prac
tice game idea is a good one, and
after the regular preliminary warm
ing up process every day, 1 shall
probably organize two teams for
regular game work."
Herbert E. Lougheed, '00, was
unanimously elected baseball cap
tain to succeed Captain Jeffs, re
signed, at the meeting of baseball
men this afternoon.
The new captain is a Los Angeles
man. He is an old player, having
been on the diamond for the past
ten years. He played on the team
the one year which he spent at the
University of Southern California
in preparing to enter Stanford.
Lougheed played shortstop on last
year's nine and made a good rec
ord for the season. He fields his
position in excellent style and is
one of the best base-runners on the
team. He also has a good batting
record, and is consistent and con
scientious in every department of
his work. Lougheed is 24 years of
age. His major in the University
is English.
Speaking as to the policy to be
pursued with the material put into
his hands by the election to the
captaincy, Captain Lougheed said:
"1 shall continue the work much
as Captain Jeffs has planned it.
We have plenty of good men, some
of whom are freshmen. It shall be
my purpose to develop a strong
batting team, at the same time pay
ing close attention to every other
department of the game. The prac
tice game idea is a good one, and
after the regular preliminary warm
ing up process every day, 1 shall
probably organize two teams for
regular game work."
