# INDIANS FIGHT FIRE
## 
### 
TAOS. N.M.. March 9. (7P)— In
dians who rushed in from their
pueblos outside the town, joined
Taos residents in bucket brigades
to quench a fire that caused from
$50,000 to $60,000 damage today.
TAOS. N.M.. March 9. (7P)— In
dians who rushed in from their
pueblos outside the town, joined
Taos residents in bucket brigades
to quench a fire that caused from
$50,000 to $60,000 damage today.
TAOS. N.M.. March 9. (7P)— In
dians who rushed in from their
pueblos outside the town, joined
Taos residents in bucket brigades
to quench a fire that caused from
$50,000 to $60,000 damage today.
TAOS. N.M.. March 9. (7P)— In
dians who rushed in from their
pueblos outside the town, joined
Taos residents in bucket brigades
to quench a fire that caused from
$50,000 to $60,000 damage today.
TAOS. N.M.. March 9. (7P)— In
dians who rushed in from their
pueblos outside the town, joined
Taos residents in bucket brigades
to quench a fire that caused from
$50,000 to $60,000 damage today.
TAOS. N.M.. March 9. (7P)— In
dians who rushed in from their
pueblos outside the town, joined
Taos residents in bucket brigades
to quench a fire that caused from
$50,000 to $60,000 damage today.
TAOS. N.M.. March 9. (7P)— In
dians who rushed in from their
pueblos outside the town, joined
Taos residents in bucket brigades
to quench a fire that caused from
$50,000 to $60,000 damage today.
TAOS. N.M.. March 9. (7P)— In
dians who rushed in from their
pueblos outside the town, joined
Taos residents in bucket brigades
to quench a fire that caused from
$50,000 to $60,000 damage today.
TAOS. N.M.. March 9. (7P)— In
dians who rushed in from their
pueblos outside the town, joined
Taos residents in bucket brigades
to quench a fire that caused from
$50,000 to $60,000 damage today.
TAOS. N.M.. March 9. (7P)— In
dians who rushed in from their
pueblos outside the town, joined
Taos residents in bucket brigades
to quench a fire that caused from
$50,000 to $60,000 damage today.
TAOS. N.M.. March 9. (7P)— In
dians who rushed in from their
pueblos outside the town, joined
Taos residents in bucket brigades
to quench a fire that caused from
$50,000 to $60,000 damage today.
TAOS. N.M.. March 9. (7P)— In
dians who rushed in from their
pueblos outside the town, joined
Taos residents in bucket brigades
to quench a fire that caused from
$50,000 to $60,000 damage today.
TAOS. N.M.. March 9. (7P)— In
dians who rushed in from their
pueblos outside the town, joined
Taos residents in bucket brigades
to quench a fire that caused from
$50,000 to $60,000 damage today.
TAOS. N.M.. March 9. (7P)— In
dians who rushed in from their
pueblos outside the town, joined
Taos residents in bucket brigades
to quench a fire that caused from
$50,000 to $60,000 damage today.
TAOS. N.M.. March 9. (7P)— In
dians who rushed in from their
pueblos outside the town, joined
Taos residents in bucket brigades
to quench a fire that caused from
$50,000 to $60,000 damage today.
