# NEW ILLNESS
## 
### 
OKLAHOMA CITY, March 7. (TP)
—Nearly 100 cases of an illness, re
sembling paralysis and attributed
to the drinking of poisoned Jamaica
Ginger, had been discovered today
in Oklahoma City, and physicians
were seeking to find cures.
OKLAHOMA CITY, March 7. (TP)
—Nearly 100 cases of an illness, re
sembling paralysis and attributed
to the drinking of poisoned Jamaica
Ginger, had been discovered today
in Oklahoma City, and physicians
were seeking to find cures.
OKLAHOMA CITY, March 7. (TP)
—Nearly 100 cases of an illness, re
sembling paralysis and attributed
to the drinking of poisoned Jamaica
Ginger, had been discovered today
in Oklahoma City, and physicians
were seeking to find cures.
OKLAHOMA CITY, March 7. (TP)
—Nearly 100 cases of an illness, re
sembling paralysis and attributed
to the drinking of poisoned Jamaica
Ginger, had been discovered today
in Oklahoma City, and physicians
were seeking to find cures.
OKLAHOMA CITY, March 7. (TP)
—Nearly 100 cases of an illness, re
sembling paralysis and attributed
to the drinking of poisoned Jamaica
Ginger, had been discovered today
in Oklahoma City, and physicians
were seeking to find cures.
OKLAHOMA CITY, March 7. (TP)
—Nearly 100 cases of an illness, re
sembling paralysis and attributed
to the drinking of poisoned Jamaica
Ginger, had been discovered today
in Oklahoma City, and physicians
were seeking to find cures.
OKLAHOMA CITY, March 7. (TP)
—Nearly 100 cases of an illness, re
sembling paralysis and attributed
to the drinking of poisoned Jamaica
Ginger, had been discovered today
in Oklahoma City, and physicians
were seeking to find cures.
OKLAHOMA CITY, March 7. (TP)
—Nearly 100 cases of an illness, re
sembling paralysis and attributed
to the drinking of poisoned Jamaica
Ginger, had been discovered today
in Oklahoma City, and physicians
were seeking to find cures.
OKLAHOMA CITY, March 7. (TP)
—Nearly 100 cases of an illness, re
sembling paralysis and attributed
to the drinking of poisoned Jamaica
Ginger, had been discovered today
in Oklahoma City, and physicians
were seeking to find cures.
OKLAHOMA CITY, March 7. (TP)
—Nearly 100 cases of an illness, re
sembling paralysis and attributed
to the drinking of poisoned Jamaica
Ginger, had been discovered today
in Oklahoma City, and physicians
were seeking to find cures.
OKLAHOMA CITY, March 7. (TP)
—Nearly 100 cases of an illness, re
sembling paralysis and attributed
to the drinking of poisoned Jamaica
Ginger, had been discovered today
in Oklahoma City, and physicians
were seeking to find cures.
OKLAHOMA CITY, March 7. (TP)
—Nearly 100 cases of an illness, re
sembling paralysis and attributed
to the drinking of poisoned Jamaica
Ginger, had been discovered today
in Oklahoma City, and physicians
were seeking to find cures.
OKLAHOMA CITY, March 7. (TP)
—Nearly 100 cases of an illness, re
sembling paralysis and attributed
to the drinking of poisoned Jamaica
Ginger, had been discovered today
in Oklahoma City, and physicians
were seeking to find cures.
OKLAHOMA CITY, March 7. (TP)
—Nearly 100 cases of an illness, re
sembling paralysis and attributed
to the drinking of poisoned Jamaica
Ginger, had been discovered today
in Oklahoma City, and physicians
were seeking to find cures.
OKLAHOMA CITY, March 7. (TP)
—Nearly 100 cases of an illness, re
sembling paralysis and attributed
to the drinking of poisoned Jamaica
Ginger, had been discovered today
in Oklahoma City, and physicians
were seeking to find cures.
