# FIRST INLAND-BUILT SUB LAUNCHED
## 
### 

ANOIIIKK ONK of Undo Sam's undersea craft makes a l»ijj splash at its launching into Lake Michigan at
Manitowoc, Wisconsin. It's the t'.S.S. Polo, and it's the lirst inland-built submarine and also the first suh
to he launched sideways.

ANOIIIKK ONK of Undo Sam's undersea craft makes a l»ijj splash at its launching into Lake Michigan at
Manitowoc, Wisconsin. It's the t'.S.S. Polo, and it's the lirst inland-built submarine and also the first suh
to he launched sideways.

ANOIIIKK ONK of Undo Sam's undersea craft makes a l»ijj splash at its launching into Lake Michigan at
Manitowoc, Wisconsin. It's the t'.S.S. Polo, and it's the lirst inland-built submarine and also the first suh
to he launched sideways.

ANOIIIKK ONK of Undo Sam's undersea craft makes a l»ijj splash at its launching into Lake Michigan at
Manitowoc, Wisconsin. It's the t'.S.S. Polo, and it's the lirst inland-built submarine and also the first suh
to he launched sideways.

ANOIIIKK ONK of Undo Sam's undersea craft makes a l»ijj splash at its launching into Lake Michigan at
Manitowoc, Wisconsin. It's the t'.S.S. Polo, and it's the lirst inland-built submarine and also the first suh
to he launched sideways.

ANOIIIKK ONK of Undo Sam's undersea craft makes a l»ijj splash at its launching into Lake Michigan at
Manitowoc, Wisconsin. It's the t'.S.S. Polo, and it's the lirst inland-built submarine and also the first suh
to he launched sideways.

ANOIIIKK ONK of Undo Sam's undersea craft makes a l»ijj splash at its launching into Lake Michigan at
Manitowoc, Wisconsin. It's the t'.S.S. Polo, and it's the lirst inland-built submarine and also the first suh
to he launched sideways.

ANOIIIKK ONK of Undo Sam's undersea craft makes a l»ijj splash at its launching into Lake Michigan at
Manitowoc, Wisconsin. It's the t'.S.S. Polo, and it's the lirst inland-built submarine and also the first suh
to he launched sideways.

ANOIIIKK ONK of Undo Sam's undersea craft makes a l»ijj splash at its launching into Lake Michigan at
Manitowoc, Wisconsin. It's the t'.S.S. Polo, and it's the lirst inland-built submarine and also the first suh
to he launched sideways.

ANOIIIKK ONK of Undo Sam's undersea craft makes a l»ijj splash at its launching into Lake Michigan at
Manitowoc, Wisconsin. It's the t'.S.S. Polo, and it's the lirst inland-built submarine and also the first suh
to he launched sideways.

ANOIIIKK ONK of Undo Sam's undersea craft makes a l»ijj splash at its launching into Lake Michigan at
Manitowoc, Wisconsin. It's the t'.S.S. Polo, and it's the lirst inland-built submarine and also the first suh
to he launched sideways.

ANOIIIKK ONK of Undo Sam's undersea craft makes a l»ijj splash at its launching into Lake Michigan at
Manitowoc, Wisconsin. It's the t'.S.S. Polo, and it's the lirst inland-built submarine and also the first suh
to he launched sideways.

ANOIIIKK ONK of Undo Sam's undersea craft makes a l»ijj splash at its launching into Lake Michigan at
Manitowoc, Wisconsin. It's the t'.S.S. Polo, and it's the lirst inland-built submarine and also the first suh
to he launched sideways.

ANOIIIKK ONK of Undo Sam's undersea craft makes a l»ijj splash at its launching into Lake Michigan at
Manitowoc, Wisconsin. It's the t'.S.S. Polo, and it's the lirst inland-built submarine and also the first suh
to he launched sideways.

ANOIIIKK ONK of Undo Sam's undersea craft makes a l»ijj splash at its launching into Lake Michigan at
Manitowoc, Wisconsin. It's the t'.S.S. Polo, and it's the lirst inland-built submarine and also the first suh
to he launched sideways.

ANOIIIKK ONK of Undo Sam's undersea craft makes a l»ijj splash at its launching into Lake Michigan at
Manitowoc, Wisconsin. It's the t'.S.S. Polo, and it's the lirst inland-built submarine and also the first suh
to he launched sideways.

ANOIIIKK ONK of Undo Sam's undersea craft makes a l»ijj splash at its launching into Lake Michigan at
Manitowoc, Wisconsin. It's the t'.S.S. Polo, and it's the lirst inland-built submarine and also the first suh
to he launched sideways.

ANOIIIKK ONK of Undo Sam's undersea craft makes a l»ijj splash at its launching into Lake Michigan at
Manitowoc, Wisconsin. It's the t'.S.S. Polo, and it's the lirst inland-built submarine and also the first suh
to he launched sideways.
