# 'IT SHALL NOT HAPPEN HERE'
## 
### 

STUDENTS at Stanford's Civilian Defense School, where Civilian De
fense leaders from the West Coast a»ea are receiving special army
training for bombings, gas attacks and other enemy action aimed at
civilians, are shown here emerging from a gas-filled tent in a recent
gas drill.

STUDENTS at Stanford's Civilian Defense School, where Civilian De
fense leaders from the West Coast a»ea are receiving special army
training for bombings, gas attacks and other enemy action aimed at
civilians, are shown here emerging from a gas-filled tent in a recent
gas drill.

STUDENTS at Stanford's Civilian Defense School, where Civilian De
fense leaders from the West Coast a»ea are receiving special army
training for bombings, gas attacks and other enemy action aimed at
civilians, are shown here emerging from a gas-filled tent in a recent
gas drill.

STUDENTS at Stanford's Civilian Defense School, where Civilian De
fense leaders from the West Coast a»ea are receiving special army
training for bombings, gas attacks and other enemy action aimed at
civilians, are shown here emerging from a gas-filled tent in a recent
gas drill.

STUDENTS at Stanford's Civilian Defense School, where Civilian De
fense leaders from the West Coast a»ea are receiving special army
training for bombings, gas attacks and other enemy action aimed at
civilians, are shown here emerging from a gas-filled tent in a recent
gas drill.

STUDENTS at Stanford's Civilian Defense School, where Civilian De
fense leaders from the West Coast a»ea are receiving special army
training for bombings, gas attacks and other enemy action aimed at
civilians, are shown here emerging from a gas-filled tent in a recent
gas drill.

STUDENTS at Stanford's Civilian Defense School, where Civilian De
fense leaders from the West Coast a»ea are receiving special army
training for bombings, gas attacks and other enemy action aimed at
civilians, are shown here emerging from a gas-filled tent in a recent
gas drill.

STUDENTS at Stanford's Civilian Defense School, where Civilian De
fense leaders from the West Coast a»ea are receiving special army
training for bombings, gas attacks and other enemy action aimed at
civilians, are shown here emerging from a gas-filled tent in a recent
gas drill.

STUDENTS at Stanford's Civilian Defense School, where Civilian De
fense leaders from the West Coast a»ea are receiving special army
training for bombings, gas attacks and other enemy action aimed at
civilians, are shown here emerging from a gas-filled tent in a recent
gas drill.

STUDENTS at Stanford's Civilian Defense School, where Civilian De
fense leaders from the West Coast a»ea are receiving special army
training for bombings, gas attacks and other enemy action aimed at
civilians, are shown here emerging from a gas-filled tent in a recent
gas drill.

STUDENTS at Stanford's Civilian Defense School, where Civilian De
fense leaders from the West Coast a»ea are receiving special army
training for bombings, gas attacks and other enemy action aimed at
civilians, are shown here emerging from a gas-filled tent in a recent
gas drill.

STUDENTS at Stanford's Civilian Defense School, where Civilian De
fense leaders from the West Coast a»ea are receiving special army
training for bombings, gas attacks and other enemy action aimed at
civilians, are shown here emerging from a gas-filled tent in a recent
gas drill.

STUDENTS at Stanford's Civilian Defense School, where Civilian De
fense leaders from the West Coast a»ea are receiving special army
training for bombings, gas attacks and other enemy action aimed at
civilians, are shown here emerging from a gas-filled tent in a recent
gas drill.

STUDENTS at Stanford's Civilian Defense School, where Civilian De
fense leaders from the West Coast a»ea are receiving special army
training for bombings, gas attacks and other enemy action aimed at
civilians, are shown here emerging from a gas-filled tent in a recent
gas drill.

STUDENTS at Stanford's Civilian Defense School, where Civilian De
fense leaders from the West Coast a»ea are receiving special army
training for bombings, gas attacks and other enemy action aimed at
civilians, are shown here emerging from a gas-filled tent in a recent
gas drill.

STUDENTS at Stanford's Civilian Defense School, where Civilian De
fense leaders from the West Coast a»ea are receiving special army
training for bombings, gas attacks and other enemy action aimed at
civilians, are shown here emerging from a gas-filled tent in a recent
gas drill.

STUDENTS at Stanford's Civilian Defense School, where Civilian De
fense leaders from the West Coast a»ea are receiving special army
training for bombings, gas attacks and other enemy action aimed at
civilians, are shown here emerging from a gas-filled tent in a recent
gas drill.

STUDENTS at Stanford's Civilian Defense School, where Civilian De
fense leaders from the West Coast a»ea are receiving special army
training for bombings, gas attacks and other enemy action aimed at
civilians, are shown here emerging from a gas-filled tent in a recent
gas drill.
