# 'Barbara Fencers
## 
### 
The Stanford fencing team played
host to a crowd of flashy foilmen
from Santa Barbara State College
last Friday night, who opposed the
Indian swordwielders in a nip and
tuck contest which found the visi-
The Stanford fencing team played
host to a crowd of flashy foilmen
from Santa Barbara State College
last Friday night, who opposed the
Indian swordwielders in a nip and
tuck contest which found the visi-
The Stanford fencing team played
host to a crowd of flashy foilmen
from Santa Barbara State College
last Friday night, who opposed the
Indian swordwielders in a nip and
tuck contest which found the visi-
The Stanford fencing team played
host to a crowd of flashy foilmen
from Santa Barbara State College
last Friday night, who opposed the
Indian swordwielders in a nip and
tuck contest which found the visi-
The Stanford fencing team played
host to a crowd of flashy foilmen
from Santa Barbara State College
last Friday night, who opposed the
Indian swordwielders in a nip and
tuck contest which found the visi-
The Stanford fencing team played
host to a crowd of flashy foilmen
from Santa Barbara State College
last Friday night, who opposed the
Indian swordwielders in a nip and
tuck contest which found the visi-
The Stanford fencing team played
host to a crowd of flashy foilmen
from Santa Barbara State College
last Friday night, who opposed the
Indian swordwielders in a nip and
tuck contest which found the visi-
The Stanford fencing team played
host to a crowd of flashy foilmen
from Santa Barbara State College
last Friday night, who opposed the
Indian swordwielders in a nip and
tuck contest which found the visi-
The Stanford fencing team played
host to a crowd of flashy foilmen
from Santa Barbara State College
last Friday night, who opposed the
Indian swordwielders in a nip and
tuck contest which found the visi-
The Stanford fencing team played
host to a crowd of flashy foilmen
from Santa Barbara State College
last Friday night, who opposed the
Indian swordwielders in a nip and
tuck contest which found the visi-
The Stanford fencing team played
host to a crowd of flashy foilmen
from Santa Barbara State College
last Friday night, who opposed the
Indian swordwielders in a nip and
tuck contest which found the visi-
The Stanford fencing team played
host to a crowd of flashy foilmen
from Santa Barbara State College
last Friday night, who opposed the
Indian swordwielders in a nip and
tuck contest which found the visi-
The Stanford fencing team played
host to a crowd of flashy foilmen
from Santa Barbara State College
last Friday night, who opposed the
Indian swordwielders in a nip and
tuck contest which found the visi-
The Stanford fencing team played
host to a crowd of flashy foilmen
from Santa Barbara State College
last Friday night, who opposed the
Indian swordwielders in a nip and
tuck contest which found the visi-
The Stanford fencing team played
host to a crowd of flashy foilmen
from Santa Barbara State College
last Friday night, who opposed the
Indian swordwielders in a nip and
tuck contest which found the visi-
The Stanford fencing team played
host to a crowd of flashy foilmen
from Santa Barbara State College
last Friday night, who opposed the
Indian swordwielders in a nip and
tuck contest which found the visi-
The Stanford fencing team played
host to a crowd of flashy foilmen
from Santa Barbara State College
last Friday night, who opposed the
Indian swordwielders in a nip and
tuck contest which found the visi-
The Stanford fencing team played
host to a crowd of flashy foilmen
from Santa Barbara State College
last Friday night, who opposed the
Indian swordwielders in a nip and
tuck contest which found the visi-
