# Japanese Liner Takes 14 Germans from U.S.
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 20 (UP).—
Fourteen German nationals left the
United States today aboard the Jap
anese liner Nitta Maru returning to
their homeland. Some of them were
sorry to leave, and only one was
"glad to get out" because it has
become "insufferable for Germans"
here.
There are 17.0(H) grains of sand in
an ordinary tablespoon.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 20 (UP).—
Fourteen German nationals left the
United States today aboard the Jap
anese liner Nitta Maru returning to
their homeland. Some of them were
sorry to leave, and only one was
"glad to get out" because it has
become "insufferable for Germans"
here.
There are 17.0(H) grains of sand in
an ordinary tablespoon.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 20 (UP).—
Fourteen German nationals left the
United States today aboard the Jap
anese liner Nitta Maru returning to
their homeland. Some of them were
sorry to leave, and only one was
"glad to get out" because it has
become "insufferable for Germans"
here.
There are 17.0(H) grains of sand in
an ordinary tablespoon.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 20 (UP).—
Fourteen German nationals left the
United States today aboard the Jap
anese liner Nitta Maru returning to
their homeland. Some of them were
sorry to leave, and only one was
"glad to get out" because it has
become "insufferable for Germans"
here.
There are 17.0(H) grains of sand in
an ordinary tablespoon.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 20 (UP).—
Fourteen German nationals left the
United States today aboard the Jap
anese liner Nitta Maru returning to
their homeland. Some of them were
sorry to leave, and only one was
"glad to get out" because it has
become "insufferable for Germans"
here.
There are 17.0(H) grains of sand in
an ordinary tablespoon.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 20 (UP).—
Fourteen German nationals left the
United States today aboard the Jap
anese liner Nitta Maru returning to
their homeland. Some of them were
sorry to leave, and only one was
"glad to get out" because it has
become "insufferable for Germans"
here.
There are 17.0(H) grains of sand in
an ordinary tablespoon.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 20 (UP).—
Fourteen German nationals left the
United States today aboard the Jap
anese liner Nitta Maru returning to
their homeland. Some of them were
sorry to leave, and only one was
"glad to get out" because it has
become "insufferable for Germans"
here.
There are 17.0(H) grains of sand in
an ordinary tablespoon.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 20 (UP).—
Fourteen German nationals left the
United States today aboard the Jap
anese liner Nitta Maru returning to
their homeland. Some of them were
sorry to leave, and only one was
"glad to get out" because it has
become "insufferable for Germans"
here.
There are 17.0(H) grains of sand in
an ordinary tablespoon.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 20 (UP).—
Fourteen German nationals left the
United States today aboard the Jap
anese liner Nitta Maru returning to
their homeland. Some of them were
sorry to leave, and only one was
"glad to get out" because it has
become "insufferable for Germans"
here.
There are 17.0(H) grains of sand in
an ordinary tablespoon.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 20 (UP).—
Fourteen German nationals left the
United States today aboard the Jap
anese liner Nitta Maru returning to
their homeland. Some of them were
sorry to leave, and only one was
"glad to get out" because it has
become "insufferable for Germans"
here.
There are 17.0(H) grains of sand in
an ordinary tablespoon.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 20 (UP).—
Fourteen German nationals left the
United States today aboard the Jap
anese liner Nitta Maru returning to
their homeland. Some of them were
sorry to leave, and only one was
"glad to get out" because it has
become "insufferable for Germans"
here.
There are 17.0(H) grains of sand in
an ordinary tablespoon.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 20 (UP).—
Fourteen German nationals left the
United States today aboard the Jap
anese liner Nitta Maru returning to
their homeland. Some of them were
sorry to leave, and only one was
"glad to get out" because it has
become "insufferable for Germans"
here.
There are 17.0(H) grains of sand in
an ordinary tablespoon.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 20 (UP).—
Fourteen German nationals left the
United States today aboard the Jap
anese liner Nitta Maru returning to
their homeland. Some of them were
sorry to leave, and only one was
"glad to get out" because it has
become "insufferable for Germans"
here.
There are 17.0(H) grains of sand in
an ordinary tablespoon.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 20 (UP).—
Fourteen German nationals left the
United States today aboard the Jap
anese liner Nitta Maru returning to
their homeland. Some of them were
sorry to leave, and only one was
"glad to get out" because it has
become "insufferable for Germans"
here.
There are 17.0(H) grains of sand in
an ordinary tablespoon.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 20 (UP).—
Fourteen German nationals left the
United States today aboard the Jap
anese liner Nitta Maru returning to
their homeland. Some of them were
sorry to leave, and only one was
"glad to get out" because it has
become "insufferable for Germans"
here.
There are 17.0(H) grains of sand in
an ordinary tablespoon.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 20 (UP).—
Fourteen German nationals left the
United States today aboard the Jap
anese liner Nitta Maru returning to
their homeland. Some of them were
sorry to leave, and only one was
"glad to get out" because it has
become "insufferable for Germans"
here.
There are 17.0(H) grains of sand in
an ordinary tablespoon.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 20 (UP).—
Fourteen German nationals left the
United States today aboard the Jap
anese liner Nitta Maru returning to
their homeland. Some of them were
sorry to leave, and only one was
"glad to get out" because it has
become "insufferable for Germans"
here.
There are 17.0(H) grains of sand in
an ordinary tablespoon.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 20 (UP).—
Fourteen German nationals left the
United States today aboard the Jap
anese liner Nitta Maru returning to
their homeland. Some of them were
sorry to leave, and only one was
"glad to get out" because it has
become "insufferable for Germans"
here.
There are 17.0(H) grains of sand in
an ordinary tablespoon.
