# Jewish Students To Hear Kenneth Zwern Speak
## 
### 
Kenneth Carlton Zwerin will lec
ture before Congregation Beth
Jacob Friday evening at 8 o'clock
on the subject of "The Strange
Story of Aime Palliere," at Guild
Hall, Laurel street between Oak
Grove and Ravenswood avenue,
Menlo Park. An invitation is ex
tended the Jewish students to be
present. Plans will be formulated
for a Young People's Organization
at that time.
Kenneth Carlton Zwerin will lec
ture before Congregation Beth
Jacob Friday evening at 8 o'clock
on the subject of "The Strange
Story of Aime Palliere," at Guild
Hall, Laurel street between Oak
Grove and Ravenswood avenue,
Menlo Park. An invitation is ex
tended the Jewish students to be
present. Plans will be formulated
for a Young People's Organization
at that time.
Kenneth Carlton Zwerin will lec
ture before Congregation Beth
Jacob Friday evening at 8 o'clock
on the subject of "The Strange
Story of Aime Palliere," at Guild
Hall, Laurel street between Oak
Grove and Ravenswood avenue,
Menlo Park. An invitation is ex
tended the Jewish students to be
present. Plans will be formulated
for a Young People's Organization
at that time.
Kenneth Carlton Zwerin will lec
ture before Congregation Beth
Jacob Friday evening at 8 o'clock
on the subject of "The Strange
Story of Aime Palliere," at Guild
Hall, Laurel street between Oak
Grove and Ravenswood avenue,
Menlo Park. An invitation is ex
tended the Jewish students to be
present. Plans will be formulated
for a Young People's Organization
at that time.
Kenneth Carlton Zwerin will lec
ture before Congregation Beth
Jacob Friday evening at 8 o'clock
on the subject of "The Strange
Story of Aime Palliere," at Guild
Hall, Laurel street between Oak
Grove and Ravenswood avenue,
Menlo Park. An invitation is ex
tended the Jewish students to be
present. Plans will be formulated
for a Young People's Organization
at that time.
Kenneth Carlton Zwerin will lec
ture before Congregation Beth
Jacob Friday evening at 8 o'clock
on the subject of "The Strange
Story of Aime Palliere," at Guild
Hall, Laurel street between Oak
Grove and Ravenswood avenue,
Menlo Park. An invitation is ex
tended the Jewish students to be
present. Plans will be formulated
for a Young People's Organization
at that time.
Kenneth Carlton Zwerin will lec
ture before Congregation Beth
Jacob Friday evening at 8 o'clock
on the subject of "The Strange
Story of Aime Palliere," at Guild
Hall, Laurel street between Oak
Grove and Ravenswood avenue,
Menlo Park. An invitation is ex
tended the Jewish students to be
present. Plans will be formulated
for a Young People's Organization
at that time.
Kenneth Carlton Zwerin will lec
ture before Congregation Beth
Jacob Friday evening at 8 o'clock
on the subject of "The Strange
Story of Aime Palliere," at Guild
Hall, Laurel street between Oak
Grove and Ravenswood avenue,
Menlo Park. An invitation is ex
tended the Jewish students to be
present. Plans will be formulated
for a Young People's Organization
at that time.
Kenneth Carlton Zwerin will lec
ture before Congregation Beth
Jacob Friday evening at 8 o'clock
on the subject of "The Strange
Story of Aime Palliere," at Guild
Hall, Laurel street between Oak
Grove and Ravenswood avenue,
Menlo Park. An invitation is ex
tended the Jewish students to be
present. Plans will be formulated
for a Young People's Organization
at that time.
Kenneth Carlton Zwerin will lec
ture before Congregation Beth
Jacob Friday evening at 8 o'clock
on the subject of "The Strange
Story of Aime Palliere," at Guild
Hall, Laurel street between Oak
Grove and Ravenswood avenue,
Menlo Park. An invitation is ex
tended the Jewish students to be
present. Plans will be formulated
for a Young People's Organization
at that time.
Kenneth Carlton Zwerin will lec
ture before Congregation Beth
Jacob Friday evening at 8 o'clock
on the subject of "The Strange
Story of Aime Palliere," at Guild
Hall, Laurel street between Oak
Grove and Ravenswood avenue,
Menlo Park. An invitation is ex
tended the Jewish students to be
present. Plans will be formulated
for a Young People's Organization
at that time.
Kenneth Carlton Zwerin will lec
ture before Congregation Beth
Jacob Friday evening at 8 o'clock
on the subject of "The Strange
Story of Aime Palliere," at Guild
Hall, Laurel street between Oak
Grove and Ravenswood avenue,
Menlo Park. An invitation is ex
tended the Jewish students to be
present. Plans will be formulated
for a Young People's Organization
at that time.
Kenneth Carlton Zwerin will lec
ture before Congregation Beth
Jacob Friday evening at 8 o'clock
on the subject of "The Strange
Story of Aime Palliere," at Guild
Hall, Laurel street between Oak
Grove and Ravenswood avenue,
Menlo Park. An invitation is ex
tended the Jewish students to be
present. Plans will be formulated
for a Young People's Organization
at that time.
Kenneth Carlton Zwerin will lec
ture before Congregation Beth
Jacob Friday evening at 8 o'clock
on the subject of "The Strange
Story of Aime Palliere," at Guild
Hall, Laurel street between Oak
Grove and Ravenswood avenue,
Menlo Park. An invitation is ex
tended the Jewish students to be
present. Plans will be formulated
for a Young People's Organization
at that time.
Kenneth Carlton Zwerin will lec
ture before Congregation Beth
Jacob Friday evening at 8 o'clock
on the subject of "The Strange
Story of Aime Palliere," at Guild
Hall, Laurel street between Oak
Grove and Ravenswood avenue,
Menlo Park. An invitation is ex
tended the Jewish students to be
present. Plans will be formulated
for a Young People's Organization
at that time.
Kenneth Carlton Zwerin will lec
ture before Congregation Beth
Jacob Friday evening at 8 o'clock
on the subject of "The Strange
Story of Aime Palliere," at Guild
Hall, Laurel street between Oak
Grove and Ravenswood avenue,
Menlo Park. An invitation is ex
tended the Jewish students to be
present. Plans will be formulated
for a Young People's Organization
at that time.
