# Mires Urges Finish Of Mural Handball Matches
## 
### 
All first-round matches in the in
tramural handball tournament must
be played by tomorrow afternoon,
according to Gene Mires, mural
manager. So far only four matches
have been completed, one of these
being a default.
Alpha Delta Phi defeated El Toro,
Independents won from Alpha Sigma
Phi, El Capitan defeated Phi Kappa
Sigma, and Delta IJpsilon defaulted
to Sigma Chi.
All first-round matches in the in
tramural handball tournament must
be played by tomorrow afternoon,
according to Gene Mires, mural
manager. So far only four matches
have been completed, one of these
being a default.
Alpha Delta Phi defeated El Toro,
Independents won from Alpha Sigma
Phi, El Capitan defeated Phi Kappa
Sigma, and Delta IJpsilon defaulted
to Sigma Chi.
All first-round matches in the in
tramural handball tournament must
be played by tomorrow afternoon,
according to Gene Mires, mural
manager. So far only four matches
have been completed, one of these
being a default.
Alpha Delta Phi defeated El Toro,
Independents won from Alpha Sigma
Phi, El Capitan defeated Phi Kappa
Sigma, and Delta IJpsilon defaulted
to Sigma Chi.
All first-round matches in the in
tramural handball tournament must
be played by tomorrow afternoon,
according to Gene Mires, mural
manager. So far only four matches
have been completed, one of these
being a default.
Alpha Delta Phi defeated El Toro,
Independents won from Alpha Sigma
Phi, El Capitan defeated Phi Kappa
Sigma, and Delta IJpsilon defaulted
to Sigma Chi.
All first-round matches in the in
tramural handball tournament must
be played by tomorrow afternoon,
according to Gene Mires, mural
manager. So far only four matches
have been completed, one of these
being a default.
Alpha Delta Phi defeated El Toro,
Independents won from Alpha Sigma
Phi, El Capitan defeated Phi Kappa
Sigma, and Delta IJpsilon defaulted
to Sigma Chi.
All first-round matches in the in
tramural handball tournament must
be played by tomorrow afternoon,
according to Gene Mires, mural
manager. So far only four matches
have been completed, one of these
being a default.
Alpha Delta Phi defeated El Toro,
Independents won from Alpha Sigma
Phi, El Capitan defeated Phi Kappa
Sigma, and Delta IJpsilon defaulted
to Sigma Chi.
All first-round matches in the in
tramural handball tournament must
be played by tomorrow afternoon,
according to Gene Mires, mural
manager. So far only four matches
have been completed, one of these
being a default.
Alpha Delta Phi defeated El Toro,
Independents won from Alpha Sigma
Phi, El Capitan defeated Phi Kappa
Sigma, and Delta IJpsilon defaulted
to Sigma Chi.
All first-round matches in the in
tramural handball tournament must
be played by tomorrow afternoon,
according to Gene Mires, mural
manager. So far only four matches
have been completed, one of these
being a default.
Alpha Delta Phi defeated El Toro,
Independents won from Alpha Sigma
Phi, El Capitan defeated Phi Kappa
Sigma, and Delta IJpsilon defaulted
to Sigma Chi.
All first-round matches in the in
tramural handball tournament must
be played by tomorrow afternoon,
according to Gene Mires, mural
manager. So far only four matches
have been completed, one of these
being a default.
Alpha Delta Phi defeated El Toro,
Independents won from Alpha Sigma
Phi, El Capitan defeated Phi Kappa
Sigma, and Delta IJpsilon defaulted
to Sigma Chi.
All first-round matches in the in
tramural handball tournament must
be played by tomorrow afternoon,
according to Gene Mires, mural
manager. So far only four matches
have been completed, one of these
being a default.
Alpha Delta Phi defeated El Toro,
Independents won from Alpha Sigma
Phi, El Capitan defeated Phi Kappa
Sigma, and Delta IJpsilon defaulted
to Sigma Chi.
All first-round matches in the in
tramural handball tournament must
be played by tomorrow afternoon,
according to Gene Mires, mural
manager. So far only four matches
have been completed, one of these
being a default.
Alpha Delta Phi defeated El Toro,
Independents won from Alpha Sigma
Phi, El Capitan defeated Phi Kappa
Sigma, and Delta IJpsilon defaulted
to Sigma Chi.
All first-round matches in the in
tramural handball tournament must
be played by tomorrow afternoon,
according to Gene Mires, mural
manager. So far only four matches
have been completed, one of these
being a default.
Alpha Delta Phi defeated El Toro,
Independents won from Alpha Sigma
Phi, El Capitan defeated Phi Kappa
Sigma, and Delta IJpsilon defaulted
to Sigma Chi.
All first-round matches in the in
tramural handball tournament must
be played by tomorrow afternoon,
according to Gene Mires, mural
manager. So far only four matches
have been completed, one of these
being a default.
Alpha Delta Phi defeated El Toro,
Independents won from Alpha Sigma
Phi, El Capitan defeated Phi Kappa
Sigma, and Delta IJpsilon defaulted
to Sigma Chi.
All first-round matches in the in
tramural handball tournament must
be played by tomorrow afternoon,
according to Gene Mires, mural
manager. So far only four matches
have been completed, one of these
being a default.
Alpha Delta Phi defeated El Toro,
Independents won from Alpha Sigma
Phi, El Capitan defeated Phi Kappa
Sigma, and Delta IJpsilon defaulted
to Sigma Chi.
All first-round matches in the in
tramural handball tournament must
be played by tomorrow afternoon,
according to Gene Mires, mural
manager. So far only four matches
have been completed, one of these
being a default.
Alpha Delta Phi defeated El Toro,
Independents won from Alpha Sigma
Phi, El Capitan defeated Phi Kappa
Sigma, and Delta IJpsilon defaulted
to Sigma Chi.
All first-round matches in the in
tramural handball tournament must
be played by tomorrow afternoon,
according to Gene Mires, mural
manager. So far only four matches
have been completed, one of these
being a default.
Alpha Delta Phi defeated El Toro,
Independents won from Alpha Sigma
Phi, El Capitan defeated Phi Kappa
Sigma, and Delta IJpsilon defaulted
to Sigma Chi.
