# Open Houses
## 
### 
Cubberley will hold open house
immediately after the Montana
game tomorrow. Coffee and dough
nuts will be served and dancing
will follow.
Theta Xi, 717 Dolores, will also
have open house after the game to
morrow until dinner. Bridge, danc
ing, and refreshments will be fea
tured.
Cubberley will hold open house
immediately after the Montana
game tomorrow. Coffee and dough
nuts will be served and dancing
will follow.
Theta Xi, 717 Dolores, will also
have open house after the game to
morrow until dinner. Bridge, danc
ing, and refreshments will be fea
tured.
Cubberley will hold open house
immediately after the Montana
game tomorrow. Coffee and dough
nuts will be served and dancing
will follow.
Theta Xi, 717 Dolores, will also
have open house after the game to
morrow until dinner. Bridge, danc
ing, and refreshments will be fea
tured.
Cubberley will hold open house
immediately after the Montana
game tomorrow. Coffee and dough
nuts will be served and dancing
will follow.
Theta Xi, 717 Dolores, will also
have open house after the game to
morrow until dinner. Bridge, danc
ing, and refreshments will be fea
tured.
Cubberley will hold open house
immediately after the Montana
game tomorrow. Coffee and dough
nuts will be served and dancing
will follow.
Theta Xi, 717 Dolores, will also
have open house after the game to
morrow until dinner. Bridge, danc
ing, and refreshments will be fea
tured.
Cubberley will hold open house
immediately after the Montana
game tomorrow. Coffee and dough
nuts will be served and dancing
will follow.
Theta Xi, 717 Dolores, will also
have open house after the game to
morrow until dinner. Bridge, danc
ing, and refreshments will be fea
tured.
Cubberley will hold open house
immediately after the Montana
game tomorrow. Coffee and dough
nuts will be served and dancing
will follow.
Theta Xi, 717 Dolores, will also
have open house after the game to
morrow until dinner. Bridge, danc
ing, and refreshments will be fea
tured.
Cubberley will hold open house
immediately after the Montana
game tomorrow. Coffee and dough
nuts will be served and dancing
will follow.
Theta Xi, 717 Dolores, will also
have open house after the game to
morrow until dinner. Bridge, danc
ing, and refreshments will be fea
tured.
Cubberley will hold open house
immediately after the Montana
game tomorrow. Coffee and dough
nuts will be served and dancing
will follow.
Theta Xi, 717 Dolores, will also
have open house after the game to
morrow until dinner. Bridge, danc
ing, and refreshments will be fea
tured.
Cubberley will hold open house
immediately after the Montana
game tomorrow. Coffee and dough
nuts will be served and dancing
will follow.
Theta Xi, 717 Dolores, will also
have open house after the game to
morrow until dinner. Bridge, danc
ing, and refreshments will be fea
tured.
Cubberley will hold open house
immediately after the Montana
game tomorrow. Coffee and dough
nuts will be served and dancing
will follow.
Theta Xi, 717 Dolores, will also
have open house after the game to
morrow until dinner. Bridge, danc
ing, and refreshments will be fea
tured.
Cubberley will hold open house
immediately after the Montana
game tomorrow. Coffee and dough
nuts will be served and dancing
will follow.
Theta Xi, 717 Dolores, will also
have open house after the game to
morrow until dinner. Bridge, danc
ing, and refreshments will be fea
tured.
Cubberley will hold open house
immediately after the Montana
game tomorrow. Coffee and dough
nuts will be served and dancing
will follow.
Theta Xi, 717 Dolores, will also
have open house after the game to
morrow until dinner. Bridge, danc
ing, and refreshments will be fea
tured.
Cubberley will hold open house
immediately after the Montana
game tomorrow. Coffee and dough
nuts will be served and dancing
will follow.
Theta Xi, 717 Dolores, will also
have open house after the game to
morrow until dinner. Bridge, danc
ing, and refreshments will be fea
tured.
Cubberley will hold open house
immediately after the Montana
game tomorrow. Coffee and dough
nuts will be served and dancing
will follow.
Theta Xi, 717 Dolores, will also
have open house after the game to
morrow until dinner. Bridge, danc
ing, and refreshments will be fea
tured.
Cubberley will hold open house
immediately after the Montana
game tomorrow. Coffee and dough
nuts will be served and dancing
will follow.
Theta Xi, 717 Dolores, will also
have open house after the game to
morrow until dinner. Bridge, danc
ing, and refreshments will be fea
tured.
