# Chapel Concert Set For Sunday Night
## 
### 
A special evening concert will be
presented in the Memorial Church
Sunday at 8 by Warren D. Allen,
organist, assisted by ihe Palo Alto
Siring Sifonietta. under the direc
tion of Henry Holt.
Two arrangements of Bach's Cho
rale-Prelude, "Credo." will open the
program: the original organ version
and an arrangement for string or
chestra.
A chorale by Andreas Harnmer
sehmidt, "Mcinen Jcsum lass' ich
nicht," will be played as arranged
by Bach. Two following selections
by the same composer are "Bist du
bei rnir" and the "Little" Fugue in
G Minor.
Selections from Purcell's "Golden
Sonata," the Largo and Allegro
movements, will be played by the
string orchestra. Allen will play
Honeggar's Chorale for organ, fol
lowed by the string orchestra's per
formance of the Suite from "Ar
mide et Renaud" bv Lully. The
closing selections are two composi
tions by Bach: "Sheep May Safely
Graze" and "Passacaglia and Thema
Fugatum."
