# THE 						WEATHER
## 
### 
BAY AREA—Fair today and to
morrow except for occasional
cloudiness tonight and tomorrow
morning.
BAY AREA—Fair today and to
morrow except for occasional
cloudiness tonight and tomorrow
morning.
BAY AREA—Fair today and to
morrow except for occasional
cloudiness tonight and tomorrow
morning.
BAY AREA—Fair today and to
morrow except for occasional
cloudiness tonight and tomorrow
morning.
BAY AREA—Fair today and to
morrow except for occasional
cloudiness tonight and tomorrow
morning.
BAY AREA—Fair today and to
morrow except for occasional
cloudiness tonight and tomorrow
morning.
BAY AREA—Fair today and to
morrow except for occasional
cloudiness tonight and tomorrow
morning.
BAY AREA—Fair today and to
morrow except for occasional
cloudiness tonight and tomorrow
morning.
BAY AREA—Fair today and to
morrow except for occasional
cloudiness tonight and tomorrow
morning.
BAY AREA—Fair today and to
morrow except for occasional
cloudiness tonight and tomorrow
morning.
BAY AREA—Fair today and to
morrow except for occasional
cloudiness tonight and tomorrow
morning.
BAY AREA—Fair today and to
morrow except for occasional
cloudiness tonight and tomorrow
morning.
BAY AREA—Fair today and to
morrow except for occasional
cloudiness tonight and tomorrow
morning.
BAY AREA—Fair today and to
morrow except for occasional
cloudiness tonight and tomorrow
morning.
BAY AREA—Fair today and to
morrow except for occasional
cloudiness tonight and tomorrow
morning.
BAY AREA—Fair today and to
morrow except for occasional
cloudiness tonight and tomorrow
morning.
