# Adv. 7 Page 2
## 
### 
DUKE UNIVERSITY
SCHOOL OF MEDICINE
DURHAM, N.C.
Four terms of eleven weeks arc given
each year. These may be taken con
secutively (M.D. in three years) or
three terms may be taken each year
(M.D. in four years). The entrance
requirements are intelligence, char
acter and at least two years of college
work, including the subjects specified
for Grade A Medical Schools. Cata
logues and application forms may be
obtained from the Dean.
DUKE UNIVERSITY
SCHOOL OF MEDICINE
DURHAM, N.C.
Four terms of eleven weeks arc given
each year. These may be taken con
secutively (M.D. in three years) or
three terms may be taken each year
(M.D. in four years). The entrance
requirements are intelligence, char
acter and at least two years of college
work, including the subjects specified
for Grade A Medical Schools. Cata
logues and application forms may be
obtained from the Dean.
DUKE UNIVERSITY
SCHOOL OF MEDICINE
DURHAM, N.C.
Four terms of eleven weeks arc given
each year. These may be taken con
secutively (M.D. in three years) or
three terms may be taken each year
(M.D. in four years). The entrance
requirements are intelligence, char
acter and at least two years of college
work, including the subjects specified
for Grade A Medical Schools. Cata
logues and application forms may be
obtained from the Dean.
DUKE UNIVERSITY
SCHOOL OF MEDICINE
DURHAM, N.C.
Four terms of eleven weeks arc given
each year. These may be taken con
secutively (M.D. in three years) or
three terms may be taken each year
(M.D. in four years). The entrance
requirements are intelligence, char
acter and at least two years of college
work, including the subjects specified
for Grade A Medical Schools. Cata
logues and application forms may be
obtained from the Dean.
DUKE UNIVERSITY
SCHOOL OF MEDICINE
DURHAM, N.C.
Four terms of eleven weeks arc given
each year. These may be taken con
secutively (M.D. in three years) or
three terms may be taken each year
(M.D. in four years). The entrance
requirements are intelligence, char
acter and at least two years of college
work, including the subjects specified
for Grade A Medical Schools. Cata
logues and application forms may be
obtained from the Dean.
DUKE UNIVERSITY
SCHOOL OF MEDICINE
DURHAM, N.C.
Four terms of eleven weeks arc given
each year. These may be taken con
secutively (M.D. in three years) or
three terms may be taken each year
(M.D. in four years). The entrance
requirements are intelligence, char
acter and at least two years of college
work, including the subjects specified
for Grade A Medical Schools. Cata
logues and application forms may be
obtained from the Dean.
DUKE UNIVERSITY
SCHOOL OF MEDICINE
DURHAM, N.C.
Four terms of eleven weeks arc given
each year. These may be taken con
secutively (M.D. in three years) or
three terms may be taken each year
(M.D. in four years). The entrance
requirements are intelligence, char
acter and at least two years of college
work, including the subjects specified
for Grade A Medical Schools. Cata
logues and application forms may be
obtained from the Dean.
DUKE UNIVERSITY
SCHOOL OF MEDICINE
DURHAM, N.C.
Four terms of eleven weeks arc given
each year. These may be taken con
secutively (M.D. in three years) or
three terms may be taken each year
(M.D. in four years). The entrance
requirements are intelligence, char
acter and at least two years of college
work, including the subjects specified
for Grade A Medical Schools. Cata
logues and application forms may be
obtained from the Dean.
DUKE UNIVERSITY
SCHOOL OF MEDICINE
DURHAM, N.C.
Four terms of eleven weeks arc given
each year. These may be taken con
secutively (M.D. in three years) or
three terms may be taken each year
(M.D. in four years). The entrance
requirements are intelligence, char
acter and at least two years of college
work, including the subjects specified
for Grade A Medical Schools. Cata
logues and application forms may be
obtained from the Dean.
DUKE UNIVERSITY
SCHOOL OF MEDICINE
DURHAM, N.C.
Four terms of eleven weeks arc given
each year. These may be taken con
secutively (M.D. in three years) or
three terms may be taken each year
(M.D. in four years). The entrance
requirements are intelligence, char
acter and at least two years of college
work, including the subjects specified
for Grade A Medical Schools. Cata
logues and application forms may be
obtained from the Dean.
DUKE UNIVERSITY
SCHOOL OF MEDICINE
DURHAM, N.C.
Four terms of eleven weeks arc given
each year. These may be taken con
secutively (M.D. in three years) or
three terms may be taken each year
(M.D. in four years). The entrance
requirements are intelligence, char
acter and at least two years of college
work, including the subjects specified
for Grade A Medical Schools. Cata
logues and application forms may be
obtained from the Dean.
DUKE UNIVERSITY
SCHOOL OF MEDICINE
DURHAM, N.C.
Four terms of eleven weeks arc given
each year. These may be taken con
secutively (M.D. in three years) or
three terms may be taken each year
(M.D. in four years). The entrance
requirements are intelligence, char
acter and at least two years of college
work, including the subjects specified
for Grade A Medical Schools. Cata
logues and application forms may be
obtained from the Dean.
DUKE UNIVERSITY
SCHOOL OF MEDICINE
DURHAM, N.C.
Four terms of eleven weeks arc given
each year. These may be taken con
secutively (M.D. in three years) or
three terms may be taken each year
(M.D. in four years). The entrance
requirements are intelligence, char
acter and at least two years of college
work, including the subjects specified
for Grade A Medical Schools. Cata
logues and application forms may be
obtained from the Dean.
DUKE UNIVERSITY
SCHOOL OF MEDICINE
DURHAM, N.C.
Four terms of eleven weeks arc given
each year. These may be taken con
secutively (M.D. in three years) or
three terms may be taken each year
(M.D. in four years). The entrance
requirements are intelligence, char
acter and at least two years of college
work, including the subjects specified
for Grade A Medical Schools. Cata
logues and application forms may be
obtained from the Dean.
DUKE UNIVERSITY
SCHOOL OF MEDICINE
DURHAM, N.C.
Four terms of eleven weeks arc given
each year. These may be taken con
secutively (M.D. in three years) or
three terms may be taken each year
(M.D. in four years). The entrance
requirements are intelligence, char
acter and at least two years of college
work, including the subjects specified
for Grade A Medical Schools. Cata
logues and application forms may be
obtained from the Dean.
DUKE UNIVERSITY
SCHOOL OF MEDICINE
DURHAM, N.C.
Four terms of eleven weeks arc given
each year. These may be taken con
secutively (M.D. in three years) or
three terms may be taken each year
(M.D. in four years). The entrance
requirements are intelligence, char
acter and at least two years of college
work, including the subjects specified
for Grade A Medical Schools. Cata
logues and application forms may be
obtained from the Dean.
