# Chance To Learn Flying Offered Students By Club
## 
### 
Students interested in learning to ;
fly will be given an opportunity to j
do so when the Fly Club meets at j
7:30 o'clock tonight at the Palo Alto
Airport for the second gathering of i
the quarter.
The club, a non-profit organiza- j
tion, was formed to enable its mem- !
bers to learn to fly at a minimum
cost. Instruction will be given in a <
Standard Fleet trainer ship by a '
former Army officer. Membership ;
will be restricted and all students j
desiring to join the group should j
see Bill Bates at the Phi Delta Theta
house immediately.
Students interested in learning to ;
fly will be given an opportunity to j
do so when the Fly Club meets at j
7:30 o'clock tonight at the Palo Alto
Airport for the second gathering of i
the quarter.
The club, a non-profit organiza- j
tion, was formed to enable its mem- !
bers to learn to fly at a minimum
cost. Instruction will be given in a <
Standard Fleet trainer ship by a '
former Army officer. Membership ;
will be restricted and all students j
desiring to join the group should j
see Bill Bates at the Phi Delta Theta
house immediately.
Students interested in learning to ;
fly will be given an opportunity to j
do so when the Fly Club meets at j
7:30 o'clock tonight at the Palo Alto
Airport for the second gathering of i
the quarter.
The club, a non-profit organiza- j
tion, was formed to enable its mem- !
bers to learn to fly at a minimum
cost. Instruction will be given in a <
Standard Fleet trainer ship by a '
former Army officer. Membership ;
will be restricted and all students j
desiring to join the group should j
see Bill Bates at the Phi Delta Theta
house immediately.
Students interested in learning to ;
fly will be given an opportunity to j
do so when the Fly Club meets at j
7:30 o'clock tonight at the Palo Alto
Airport for the second gathering of i
the quarter.
The club, a non-profit organiza- j
tion, was formed to enable its mem- !
bers to learn to fly at a minimum
cost. Instruction will be given in a <
Standard Fleet trainer ship by a '
former Army officer. Membership ;
will be restricted and all students j
desiring to join the group should j
see Bill Bates at the Phi Delta Theta
house immediately.
Students interested in learning to ;
fly will be given an opportunity to j
do so when the Fly Club meets at j
7:30 o'clock tonight at the Palo Alto
Airport for the second gathering of i
the quarter.
The club, a non-profit organiza- j
tion, was formed to enable its mem- !
bers to learn to fly at a minimum
cost. Instruction will be given in a <
Standard Fleet trainer ship by a '
former Army officer. Membership ;
will be restricted and all students j
desiring to join the group should j
see Bill Bates at the Phi Delta Theta
house immediately.
Students interested in learning to ;
fly will be given an opportunity to j
do so when the Fly Club meets at j
7:30 o'clock tonight at the Palo Alto
Airport for the second gathering of i
the quarter.
The club, a non-profit organiza- j
tion, was formed to enable its mem- !
bers to learn to fly at a minimum
cost. Instruction will be given in a <
Standard Fleet trainer ship by a '
former Army officer. Membership ;
will be restricted and all students j
desiring to join the group should j
see Bill Bates at the Phi Delta Theta
house immediately.
Students interested in learning to ;
fly will be given an opportunity to j
do so when the Fly Club meets at j
7:30 o'clock tonight at the Palo Alto
Airport for the second gathering of i
the quarter.
The club, a non-profit organiza- j
tion, was formed to enable its mem- !
bers to learn to fly at a minimum
cost. Instruction will be given in a <
Standard Fleet trainer ship by a '
former Army officer. Membership ;
will be restricted and all students j
desiring to join the group should j
see Bill Bates at the Phi Delta Theta
house immediately.
Students interested in learning to ;
fly will be given an opportunity to j
do so when the Fly Club meets at j
7:30 o'clock tonight at the Palo Alto
Airport for the second gathering of i
the quarter.
The club, a non-profit organiza- j
tion, was formed to enable its mem- !
bers to learn to fly at a minimum
cost. Instruction will be given in a <
Standard Fleet trainer ship by a '
former Army officer. Membership ;
will be restricted and all students j
desiring to join the group should j
see Bill Bates at the Phi Delta Theta
house immediately.
Students interested in learning to ;
fly will be given an opportunity to j
do so when the Fly Club meets at j
7:30 o'clock tonight at the Palo Alto
Airport for the second gathering of i
the quarter.
The club, a non-profit organiza- j
tion, was formed to enable its mem- !
bers to learn to fly at a minimum
cost. Instruction will be given in a <
Standard Fleet trainer ship by a '
former Army officer. Membership ;
will be restricted and all students j
desiring to join the group should j
see Bill Bates at the Phi Delta Theta
house immediately.
Students interested in learning to ;
fly will be given an opportunity to j
do so when the Fly Club meets at j
7:30 o'clock tonight at the Palo Alto
Airport for the second gathering of i
the quarter.
The club, a non-profit organiza- j
tion, was formed to enable its mem- !
bers to learn to fly at a minimum
cost. Instruction will be given in a <
Standard Fleet trainer ship by a '
former Army officer. Membership ;
will be restricted and all students j
desiring to join the group should j
see Bill Bates at the Phi Delta Theta
house immediately.
Students interested in learning to ;
fly will be given an opportunity to j
do so when the Fly Club meets at j
7:30 o'clock tonight at the Palo Alto
Airport for the second gathering of i
the quarter.
The club, a non-profit organiza- j
tion, was formed to enable its mem- !
bers to learn to fly at a minimum
cost. Instruction will be given in a <
Standard Fleet trainer ship by a '
former Army officer. Membership ;
will be restricted and all students j
desiring to join the group should j
see Bill Bates at the Phi Delta Theta
house immediately.
Students interested in learning to ;
fly will be given an opportunity to j
do so when the Fly Club meets at j
7:30 o'clock tonight at the Palo Alto
Airport for the second gathering of i
the quarter.
The club, a non-profit organiza- j
tion, was formed to enable its mem- !
bers to learn to fly at a minimum
cost. Instruction will be given in a <
Standard Fleet trainer ship by a '
former Army officer. Membership ;
will be restricted and all students j
desiring to join the group should j
see Bill Bates at the Phi Delta Theta
house immediately.
Students interested in learning to ;
fly will be given an opportunity to j
do so when the Fly Club meets at j
7:30 o'clock tonight at the Palo Alto
Airport for the second gathering of i
the quarter.
The club, a non-profit organiza- j
tion, was formed to enable its mem- !
bers to learn to fly at a minimum
cost. Instruction will be given in a <
Standard Fleet trainer ship by a '
former Army officer. Membership ;
will be restricted and all students j
desiring to join the group should j
see Bill Bates at the Phi Delta Theta
house immediately.
Students interested in learning to ;
fly will be given an opportunity to j
do so when the Fly Club meets at j
7:30 o'clock tonight at the Palo Alto
Airport for the second gathering of i
the quarter.
The club, a non-profit organiza- j
tion, was formed to enable its mem- !
bers to learn to fly at a minimum
cost. Instruction will be given in a <
Standard Fleet trainer ship by a '
former Army officer. Membership ;
will be restricted and all students j
desiring to join the group should j
see Bill Bates at the Phi Delta Theta
house immediately.
Students interested in learning to ;
fly will be given an opportunity to j
do so when the Fly Club meets at j
7:30 o'clock tonight at the Palo Alto
Airport for the second gathering of i
the quarter.
The club, a non-profit organiza- j
tion, was formed to enable its mem- !
bers to learn to fly at a minimum
cost. Instruction will be given in a <
Standard Fleet trainer ship by a '
former Army officer. Membership ;
will be restricted and all students j
desiring to join the group should j
see Bill Bates at the Phi Delta Theta
house immediately.
Students interested in learning to ;
fly will be given an opportunity to j
do so when the Fly Club meets at j
7:30 o'clock tonight at the Palo Alto
Airport for the second gathering of i
the quarter.
The club, a non-profit organiza- j
tion, was formed to enable its mem- !
bers to learn to fly at a minimum
cost. Instruction will be given in a <
Standard Fleet trainer ship by a '
former Army officer. Membership ;
will be restricted and all students j
desiring to join the group should j
see Bill Bates at the Phi Delta Theta
house immediately.
