# Washington Fraternities Oppose New Dormitories
## 
### 
SEATTLE, Nov. 14 (PlP)—Frater
nities at the University of Washing
ton, fearing erection of dormitories
on the campus would mean "certain
death" for the organized houses,
planned a meeting to discuss the
proposal being considered by the
board of regents to apply for a loan
from the Reconstruction Finance
Corporation to build the men's resi
dences.
SEATTLE, Nov. 14 (PlP)—Frater
nities at the University of Washing
ton, fearing erection of dormitories
on the campus would mean "certain
death" for the organized houses,
planned a meeting to discuss the
proposal being considered by the
board of regents to apply for a loan
from the Reconstruction Finance
Corporation to build the men's resi
dences.
SEATTLE, Nov. 14 (PlP)—Frater
nities at the University of Washing
ton, fearing erection of dormitories
on the campus would mean "certain
death" for the organized houses,
planned a meeting to discuss the
proposal being considered by the
board of regents to apply for a loan
from the Reconstruction Finance
Corporation to build the men's resi
dences.
SEATTLE, Nov. 14 (PlP)—Frater
nities at the University of Washing
ton, fearing erection of dormitories
on the campus would mean "certain
death" for the organized houses,
planned a meeting to discuss the
proposal being considered by the
board of regents to apply for a loan
from the Reconstruction Finance
Corporation to build the men's resi
dences.
SEATTLE, Nov. 14 (PlP)—Frater
nities at the University of Washing
ton, fearing erection of dormitories
on the campus would mean "certain
death" for the organized houses,
planned a meeting to discuss the
proposal being considered by the
board of regents to apply for a loan
from the Reconstruction Finance
Corporation to build the men's resi
dences.
SEATTLE, Nov. 14 (PlP)—Frater
nities at the University of Washing
ton, fearing erection of dormitories
on the campus would mean "certain
death" for the organized houses,
planned a meeting to discuss the
proposal being considered by the
board of regents to apply for a loan
from the Reconstruction Finance
Corporation to build the men's resi
dences.
SEATTLE, Nov. 14 (PlP)—Frater
nities at the University of Washing
ton, fearing erection of dormitories
on the campus would mean "certain
death" for the organized houses,
planned a meeting to discuss the
proposal being considered by the
board of regents to apply for a loan
from the Reconstruction Finance
Corporation to build the men's resi
dences.
SEATTLE, Nov. 14 (PlP)—Frater
nities at the University of Washing
ton, fearing erection of dormitories
on the campus would mean "certain
death" for the organized houses,
planned a meeting to discuss the
proposal being considered by the
board of regents to apply for a loan
from the Reconstruction Finance
Corporation to build the men's resi
dences.
SEATTLE, Nov. 14 (PlP)—Frater
nities at the University of Washing
ton, fearing erection of dormitories
on the campus would mean "certain
death" for the organized houses,
planned a meeting to discuss the
proposal being considered by the
board of regents to apply for a loan
from the Reconstruction Finance
Corporation to build the men's resi
dences.
SEATTLE, Nov. 14 (PlP)—Frater
nities at the University of Washing
ton, fearing erection of dormitories
on the campus would mean "certain
death" for the organized houses,
planned a meeting to discuss the
proposal being considered by the
board of regents to apply for a loan
from the Reconstruction Finance
Corporation to build the men's resi
dences.
SEATTLE, Nov. 14 (PlP)—Frater
nities at the University of Washing
ton, fearing erection of dormitories
on the campus would mean "certain
death" for the organized houses,
planned a meeting to discuss the
proposal being considered by the
board of regents to apply for a loan
from the Reconstruction Finance
Corporation to build the men's resi
dences.
SEATTLE, Nov. 14 (PlP)—Frater
nities at the University of Washing
ton, fearing erection of dormitories
on the campus would mean "certain
death" for the organized houses,
planned a meeting to discuss the
proposal being considered by the
board of regents to apply for a loan
from the Reconstruction Finance
Corporation to build the men's resi
dences.
SEATTLE, Nov. 14 (PlP)—Frater
nities at the University of Washing
ton, fearing erection of dormitories
on the campus would mean "certain
death" for the organized houses,
planned a meeting to discuss the
proposal being considered by the
board of regents to apply for a loan
from the Reconstruction Finance
Corporation to build the men's resi
dences.
SEATTLE, Nov. 14 (PlP)—Frater
nities at the University of Washing
ton, fearing erection of dormitories
on the campus would mean "certain
death" for the organized houses,
planned a meeting to discuss the
proposal being considered by the
board of regents to apply for a loan
from the Reconstruction Finance
Corporation to build the men's resi
dences.
SEATTLE, Nov. 14 (PlP)—Frater
nities at the University of Washing
ton, fearing erection of dormitories
on the campus would mean "certain
death" for the organized houses,
planned a meeting to discuss the
proposal being considered by the
board of regents to apply for a loan
from the Reconstruction Finance
Corporation to build the men's resi
dences.
SEATTLE, Nov. 14 (PlP)—Frater
nities at the University of Washing
ton, fearing erection of dormitories
on the campus would mean "certain
death" for the organized houses,
planned a meeting to discuss the
proposal being considered by the
board of regents to apply for a loan
from the Reconstruction Finance
Corporation to build the men's resi
dences.
