# Husky Coach Wages War On Booers, Flays Cards
## 
### 
SEATTLE, Nov. 14 (PlP)—Jimmy
Fhelan, coach of the University of
Washington Huskies, has started a
campaign to eliminate booing by
college rooters. In a statement to
the Washington Daily. Phelan said:
"The campaign shouid be a national
one because every college faces the
problem. At Palo Alto as the team
crawled out of the busses at the
stadium about 300 students started
to boo in a manner showing they
thought it was the conventional
thing."
SEATTLE, Nov. 14 (PlP)—Jimmy
Fhelan, coach of the University of
Washington Huskies, has started a
campaign to eliminate booing by
college rooters. In a statement to
the Washington Daily. Phelan said:
"The campaign shouid be a national
one because every college faces the
problem. At Palo Alto as the team
crawled out of the busses at the
stadium about 300 students started
to boo in a manner showing they
thought it was the conventional
thing."
SEATTLE, Nov. 14 (PlP)—Jimmy
Fhelan, coach of the University of
Washington Huskies, has started a
campaign to eliminate booing by
college rooters. In a statement to
the Washington Daily. Phelan said:
"The campaign shouid be a national
one because every college faces the
problem. At Palo Alto as the team
crawled out of the busses at the
stadium about 300 students started
to boo in a manner showing they
thought it was the conventional
thing."
SEATTLE, Nov. 14 (PlP)—Jimmy
Fhelan, coach of the University of
Washington Huskies, has started a
campaign to eliminate booing by
college rooters. In a statement to
the Washington Daily. Phelan said:
"The campaign shouid be a national
one because every college faces the
problem. At Palo Alto as the team
crawled out of the busses at the
stadium about 300 students started
to boo in a manner showing they
thought it was the conventional
thing."
SEATTLE, Nov. 14 (PlP)—Jimmy
Fhelan, coach of the University of
Washington Huskies, has started a
campaign to eliminate booing by
college rooters. In a statement to
the Washington Daily. Phelan said:
"The campaign shouid be a national
one because every college faces the
problem. At Palo Alto as the team
crawled out of the busses at the
stadium about 300 students started
to boo in a manner showing they
thought it was the conventional
thing."
SEATTLE, Nov. 14 (PlP)—Jimmy
Fhelan, coach of the University of
Washington Huskies, has started a
campaign to eliminate booing by
college rooters. In a statement to
the Washington Daily. Phelan said:
"The campaign shouid be a national
one because every college faces the
problem. At Palo Alto as the team
crawled out of the busses at the
stadium about 300 students started
to boo in a manner showing they
thought it was the conventional
thing."
SEATTLE, Nov. 14 (PlP)—Jimmy
Fhelan, coach of the University of
Washington Huskies, has started a
campaign to eliminate booing by
college rooters. In a statement to
the Washington Daily. Phelan said:
"The campaign shouid be a national
one because every college faces the
problem. At Palo Alto as the team
crawled out of the busses at the
stadium about 300 students started
to boo in a manner showing they
thought it was the conventional
thing."
SEATTLE, Nov. 14 (PlP)—Jimmy
Fhelan, coach of the University of
Washington Huskies, has started a
campaign to eliminate booing by
college rooters. In a statement to
the Washington Daily. Phelan said:
"The campaign shouid be a national
one because every college faces the
problem. At Palo Alto as the team
crawled out of the busses at the
stadium about 300 students started
to boo in a manner showing they
thought it was the conventional
thing."
SEATTLE, Nov. 14 (PlP)—Jimmy
Fhelan, coach of the University of
Washington Huskies, has started a
campaign to eliminate booing by
college rooters. In a statement to
the Washington Daily. Phelan said:
"The campaign shouid be a national
one because every college faces the
problem. At Palo Alto as the team
crawled out of the busses at the
stadium about 300 students started
to boo in a manner showing they
thought it was the conventional
thing."
SEATTLE, Nov. 14 (PlP)—Jimmy
Fhelan, coach of the University of
Washington Huskies, has started a
campaign to eliminate booing by
college rooters. In a statement to
the Washington Daily. Phelan said:
"The campaign shouid be a national
one because every college faces the
problem. At Palo Alto as the team
crawled out of the busses at the
stadium about 300 students started
to boo in a manner showing they
thought it was the conventional
thing."
SEATTLE, Nov. 14 (PlP)—Jimmy
Fhelan, coach of the University of
Washington Huskies, has started a
campaign to eliminate booing by
college rooters. In a statement to
the Washington Daily. Phelan said:
"The campaign shouid be a national
one because every college faces the
problem. At Palo Alto as the team
crawled out of the busses at the
stadium about 300 students started
to boo in a manner showing they
thought it was the conventional
thing."
SEATTLE, Nov. 14 (PlP)—Jimmy
Fhelan, coach of the University of
Washington Huskies, has started a
campaign to eliminate booing by
college rooters. In a statement to
the Washington Daily. Phelan said:
"The campaign shouid be a national
one because every college faces the
problem. At Palo Alto as the team
crawled out of the busses at the
stadium about 300 students started
to boo in a manner showing they
thought it was the conventional
thing."
SEATTLE, Nov. 14 (PlP)—Jimmy
Fhelan, coach of the University of
Washington Huskies, has started a
campaign to eliminate booing by
college rooters. In a statement to
the Washington Daily. Phelan said:
"The campaign shouid be a national
one because every college faces the
problem. At Palo Alto as the team
crawled out of the busses at the
stadium about 300 students started
to boo in a manner showing they
thought it was the conventional
thing."
SEATTLE, Nov. 14 (PlP)—Jimmy
Fhelan, coach of the University of
Washington Huskies, has started a
campaign to eliminate booing by
college rooters. In a statement to
the Washington Daily. Phelan said:
"The campaign shouid be a national
one because every college faces the
problem. At Palo Alto as the team
crawled out of the busses at the
stadium about 300 students started
to boo in a manner showing they
thought it was the conventional
thing."
SEATTLE, Nov. 14 (PlP)—Jimmy
Fhelan, coach of the University of
Washington Huskies, has started a
campaign to eliminate booing by
college rooters. In a statement to
the Washington Daily. Phelan said:
"The campaign shouid be a national
one because every college faces the
problem. At Palo Alto as the team
crawled out of the busses at the
stadium about 300 students started
to boo in a manner showing they
thought it was the conventional
thing."
SEATTLE, Nov. 14 (PlP)—Jimmy
Fhelan, coach of the University of
Washington Huskies, has started a
campaign to eliminate booing by
college rooters. In a statement to
the Washington Daily. Phelan said:
"The campaign shouid be a national
one because every college faces the
problem. At Palo Alto as the team
crawled out of the busses at the
stadium about 300 students started
to boo in a manner showing they
thought it was the conventional
thing."
