# Adv. 5 Page 2
## 
### 
$12—Large, pleasant room, furnish
ed. Graduate man student prefer
red. Phone 21300. 336 Byron St.
LAUNDRY WORK
LADY wants laundry work. Good
work. Reasonable prices. Called
for and delivered. Phone 23242.
FOR SALE
FOR SALE — '29 Buick Standard
coupe. Motor, tires, and paint ex
cellent. Radio. Economical and
very reasonable. Box 1281, Stan
ford.
1935 CHRYSLER Imperila Airflow.
Performs and looks every way
like new. Very reasonable. Call
7776.
MODEL A FORD '31 roadster. Spe
cial top. Engine in first class
shape. Call 7659.
$12—Large, pleasant room, furnish
ed. Graduate man student prefer
red. Phone 21300. 336 Byron St.
LAUNDRY WORK
LADY wants laundry work. Good
work. Reasonable prices. Called
for and delivered. Phone 23242.
FOR SALE
FOR SALE — '29 Buick Standard
coupe. Motor, tires, and paint ex
cellent. Radio. Economical and
very reasonable. Box 1281, Stan
ford.
1935 CHRYSLER Imperila Airflow.
Performs and looks every way
like new. Very reasonable. Call
7776.
MODEL A FORD '31 roadster. Spe
cial top. Engine in first class
shape. Call 7659.
$12—Large, pleasant room, furnish
ed. Graduate man student prefer
red. Phone 21300. 336 Byron St.
LAUNDRY WORK
LADY wants laundry work. Good
work. Reasonable prices. Called
for and delivered. Phone 23242.
FOR SALE
FOR SALE — '29 Buick Standard
coupe. Motor, tires, and paint ex
cellent. Radio. Economical and
very reasonable. Box 1281, Stan
ford.
1935 CHRYSLER Imperila Airflow.
Performs and looks every way
like new. Very reasonable. Call
7776.
MODEL A FORD '31 roadster. Spe
cial top. Engine in first class
shape. Call 7659.
$12—Large, pleasant room, furnish
ed. Graduate man student prefer
red. Phone 21300. 336 Byron St.
LAUNDRY WORK
LADY wants laundry work. Good
work. Reasonable prices. Called
for and delivered. Phone 23242.
FOR SALE
FOR SALE — '29 Buick Standard
coupe. Motor, tires, and paint ex
cellent. Radio. Economical and
very reasonable. Box 1281, Stan
ford.
1935 CHRYSLER Imperila Airflow.
Performs and looks every way
like new. Very reasonable. Call
7776.
MODEL A FORD '31 roadster. Spe
cial top. Engine in first class
shape. Call 7659.
$12—Large, pleasant room, furnish
ed. Graduate man student prefer
red. Phone 21300. 336 Byron St.
LAUNDRY WORK
LADY wants laundry work. Good
work. Reasonable prices. Called
for and delivered. Phone 23242.
FOR SALE
FOR SALE — '29 Buick Standard
coupe. Motor, tires, and paint ex
cellent. Radio. Economical and
very reasonable. Box 1281, Stan
ford.
1935 CHRYSLER Imperila Airflow.
Performs and looks every way
like new. Very reasonable. Call
7776.
MODEL A FORD '31 roadster. Spe
cial top. Engine in first class
shape. Call 7659.
$12—Large, pleasant room, furnish
ed. Graduate man student prefer
red. Phone 21300. 336 Byron St.
LAUNDRY WORK
LADY wants laundry work. Good
work. Reasonable prices. Called
for and delivered. Phone 23242.
FOR SALE
FOR SALE — '29 Buick Standard
coupe. Motor, tires, and paint ex
cellent. Radio. Economical and
very reasonable. Box 1281, Stan
ford.
1935 CHRYSLER Imperila Airflow.
Performs and looks every way
like new. Very reasonable. Call
7776.
MODEL A FORD '31 roadster. Spe
cial top. Engine in first class
shape. Call 7659.
$12—Large, pleasant room, furnish
ed. Graduate man student prefer
red. Phone 21300. 336 Byron St.
LAUNDRY WORK
LADY wants laundry work. Good
work. Reasonable prices. Called
for and delivered. Phone 23242.
FOR SALE
FOR SALE — '29 Buick Standard
coupe. Motor, tires, and paint ex
cellent. Radio. Economical and
very reasonable. Box 1281, Stan
ford.
1935 CHRYSLER Imperila Airflow.
Performs and looks every way
like new. Very reasonable. Call
7776.
MODEL A FORD '31 roadster. Spe
cial top. Engine in first class
shape. Call 7659.
$12—Large, pleasant room, furnish
ed. Graduate man student prefer
red. Phone 21300. 336 Byron St.
LAUNDRY WORK
LADY wants laundry work. Good
work. Reasonable prices. Called
for and delivered. Phone 23242.
FOR SALE
FOR SALE — '29 Buick Standard
coupe. Motor, tires, and paint ex
cellent. Radio. Economical and
very reasonable. Box 1281, Stan
ford.
1935 CHRYSLER Imperila Airflow.
Performs and looks every way
like new. Very reasonable. Call
7776.
MODEL A FORD '31 roadster. Spe
cial top. Engine in first class
shape. Call 7659.
$12—Large, pleasant room, furnish
ed. Graduate man student prefer
red. Phone 21300. 336 Byron St.
LAUNDRY WORK
LADY wants laundry work. Good
work. Reasonable prices. Called
for and delivered. Phone 23242.
FOR SALE
FOR SALE — '29 Buick Standard
coupe. Motor, tires, and paint ex
cellent. Radio. Economical and
very reasonable. Box 1281, Stan
ford.
1935 CHRYSLER Imperila Airflow.
Performs and looks every way
like new. Very reasonable. Call
7776.
MODEL A FORD '31 roadster. Spe
cial top. Engine in first class
shape. Call 7659.
$12—Large, pleasant room, furnish
ed. Graduate man student prefer
red. Phone 21300. 336 Byron St.
LAUNDRY WORK
LADY wants laundry work. Good
work. Reasonable prices. Called
for and delivered. Phone 23242.
FOR SALE
FOR SALE — '29 Buick Standard
coupe. Motor, tires, and paint ex
cellent. Radio. Economical and
very reasonable. Box 1281, Stan
ford.
1935 CHRYSLER Imperila Airflow.
Performs and looks every way
like new. Very reasonable. Call
7776.
MODEL A FORD '31 roadster. Spe
cial top. Engine in first class
shape. Call 7659.
$12—Large, pleasant room, furnish
ed. Graduate man student prefer
red. Phone 21300. 336 Byron St.
LAUNDRY WORK
LADY wants laundry work. Good
work. Reasonable prices. Called
for and delivered. Phone 23242.
FOR SALE
FOR SALE — '29 Buick Standard
coupe. Motor, tires, and paint ex
cellent. Radio. Economical and
very reasonable. Box 1281, Stan
ford.
1935 CHRYSLER Imperila Airflow.
Performs and looks every way
like new. Very reasonable. Call
7776.
MODEL A FORD '31 roadster. Spe
cial top. Engine in first class
shape. Call 7659.
$12—Large, pleasant room, furnish
ed. Graduate man student prefer
red. Phone 21300. 336 Byron St.
LAUNDRY WORK
LADY wants laundry work. Good
work. Reasonable prices. Called
for and delivered. Phone 23242.
FOR SALE
FOR SALE — '29 Buick Standard
coupe. Motor, tires, and paint ex
cellent. Radio. Economical and
very reasonable. Box 1281, Stan
ford.
1935 CHRYSLER Imperila Airflow.
Performs and looks every way
like new. Very reasonable. Call
7776.
MODEL A FORD '31 roadster. Spe
cial top. Engine in first class
shape. Call 7659.
$12—Large, pleasant room, furnish
ed. Graduate man student prefer
red. Phone 21300. 336 Byron St.
LAUNDRY WORK
LADY wants laundry work. Good
work. Reasonable prices. Called
for and delivered. Phone 23242.
FOR SALE
FOR SALE — '29 Buick Standard
coupe. Motor, tires, and paint ex
cellent. Radio. Economical and
very reasonable. Box 1281, Stan
ford.
1935 CHRYSLER Imperila Airflow.
Performs and looks every way
like new. Very reasonable. Call
7776.
MODEL A FORD '31 roadster. Spe
cial top. Engine in first class
shape. Call 7659.
$12—Large, pleasant room, furnish
ed. Graduate man student prefer
red. Phone 21300. 336 Byron St.
LAUNDRY WORK
LADY wants laundry work. Good
work. Reasonable prices. Called
for and delivered. Phone 23242.
FOR SALE
FOR SALE — '29 Buick Standard
coupe. Motor, tires, and paint ex
cellent. Radio. Economical and
very reasonable. Box 1281, Stan
ford.
1935 CHRYSLER Imperila Airflow.
Performs and looks every way
like new. Very reasonable. Call
7776.
MODEL A FORD '31 roadster. Spe
cial top. Engine in first class
shape. Call 7659.
$12—Large, pleasant room, furnish
ed. Graduate man student prefer
red. Phone 21300. 336 Byron St.
LAUNDRY WORK
LADY wants laundry work. Good
work. Reasonable prices. Called
for and delivered. Phone 23242.
FOR SALE
FOR SALE — '29 Buick Standard
coupe. Motor, tires, and paint ex
cellent. Radio. Economical and
very reasonable. Box 1281, Stan
ford.
1935 CHRYSLER Imperila Airflow.
Performs and looks every way
like new. Very reasonable. Call
7776.
MODEL A FORD '31 roadster. Spe
cial top. Engine in first class
shape. Call 7659.
