# Education Gronp Plans Ship Party
## 
### 
Education Club will entertain at
a party in the Women's Clubhouse
Thursday evening from 7:30 to 10:30
o'clock. All students enrolled in
education classes are invited to at
tend.
The party will have an "on ship
board" theme with a gangplank,
portholes, life-preservers, and a gal
ley decorating the Clubhouse. Games
are planned for entertainment and
refreshments will be served.
Education Club will entertain at
a party in the Women's Clubhouse
Thursday evening from 7:30 to 10:30
o'clock. All students enrolled in
education classes are invited to at
tend.
The party will have an "on ship
board" theme with a gangplank,
portholes, life-preservers, and a gal
ley decorating the Clubhouse. Games
are planned for entertainment and
refreshments will be served.
Education Club will entertain at
a party in the Women's Clubhouse
Thursday evening from 7:30 to 10:30
o'clock. All students enrolled in
education classes are invited to at
tend.
The party will have an "on ship
board" theme with a gangplank,
portholes, life-preservers, and a gal
ley decorating the Clubhouse. Games
are planned for entertainment and
refreshments will be served.
Education Club will entertain at
a party in the Women's Clubhouse
Thursday evening from 7:30 to 10:30
o'clock. All students enrolled in
education classes are invited to at
tend.
The party will have an "on ship
board" theme with a gangplank,
portholes, life-preservers, and a gal
ley decorating the Clubhouse. Games
are planned for entertainment and
refreshments will be served.
Education Club will entertain at
a party in the Women's Clubhouse
Thursday evening from 7:30 to 10:30
o'clock. All students enrolled in
education classes are invited to at
tend.
The party will have an "on ship
board" theme with a gangplank,
portholes, life-preservers, and a gal
ley decorating the Clubhouse. Games
are planned for entertainment and
refreshments will be served.
Education Club will entertain at
a party in the Women's Clubhouse
Thursday evening from 7:30 to 10:30
o'clock. All students enrolled in
education classes are invited to at
tend.
The party will have an "on ship
board" theme with a gangplank,
portholes, life-preservers, and a gal
ley decorating the Clubhouse. Games
are planned for entertainment and
refreshments will be served.
Education Club will entertain at
a party in the Women's Clubhouse
Thursday evening from 7:30 to 10:30
o'clock. All students enrolled in
education classes are invited to at
tend.
The party will have an "on ship
board" theme with a gangplank,
portholes, life-preservers, and a gal
ley decorating the Clubhouse. Games
are planned for entertainment and
refreshments will be served.
Education Club will entertain at
a party in the Women's Clubhouse
Thursday evening from 7:30 to 10:30
o'clock. All students enrolled in
education classes are invited to at
tend.
The party will have an "on ship
board" theme with a gangplank,
portholes, life-preservers, and a gal
ley decorating the Clubhouse. Games
are planned for entertainment and
refreshments will be served.
Education Club will entertain at
a party in the Women's Clubhouse
Thursday evening from 7:30 to 10:30
o'clock. All students enrolled in
education classes are invited to at
tend.
The party will have an "on ship
board" theme with a gangplank,
portholes, life-preservers, and a gal
ley decorating the Clubhouse. Games
are planned for entertainment and
refreshments will be served.
Education Club will entertain at
a party in the Women's Clubhouse
Thursday evening from 7:30 to 10:30
o'clock. All students enrolled in
education classes are invited to at
tend.
The party will have an "on ship
board" theme with a gangplank,
portholes, life-preservers, and a gal
ley decorating the Clubhouse. Games
are planned for entertainment and
refreshments will be served.
Education Club will entertain at
a party in the Women's Clubhouse
Thursday evening from 7:30 to 10:30
o'clock. All students enrolled in
education classes are invited to at
tend.
The party will have an "on ship
board" theme with a gangplank,
portholes, life-preservers, and a gal
ley decorating the Clubhouse. Games
are planned for entertainment and
refreshments will be served.
Education Club will entertain at
a party in the Women's Clubhouse
Thursday evening from 7:30 to 10:30
o'clock. All students enrolled in
education classes are invited to at
tend.
The party will have an "on ship
board" theme with a gangplank,
portholes, life-preservers, and a gal
ley decorating the Clubhouse. Games
are planned for entertainment and
refreshments will be served.
Education Club will entertain at
a party in the Women's Clubhouse
Thursday evening from 7:30 to 10:30
o'clock. All students enrolled in
education classes are invited to at
tend.
The party will have an "on ship
board" theme with a gangplank,
portholes, life-preservers, and a gal
ley decorating the Clubhouse. Games
are planned for entertainment and
refreshments will be served.
Education Club will entertain at
a party in the Women's Clubhouse
Thursday evening from 7:30 to 10:30
o'clock. All students enrolled in
education classes are invited to at
tend.
The party will have an "on ship
board" theme with a gangplank,
portholes, life-preservers, and a gal
ley decorating the Clubhouse. Games
are planned for entertainment and
refreshments will be served.
Education Club will entertain at
a party in the Women's Clubhouse
Thursday evening from 7:30 to 10:30
o'clock. All students enrolled in
education classes are invited to at
tend.
The party will have an "on ship
board" theme with a gangplank,
portholes, life-preservers, and a gal
ley decorating the Clubhouse. Games
are planned for entertainment and
refreshments will be served.
