# UPLIFTERS WIN TOURNEY
## 
### 
DEL MONTE, Jan. 0 (UP).—The
Uplifters Club of Santa Monica won
the 16-goal Christmas polo tourna
ment at Del Monte today by defeat
ing Willie Riviera quartet, 8-7.
DEL MONTE, Jan. 0 (UP).—The
Uplifters Club of Santa Monica won
the 16-goal Christmas polo tourna
ment at Del Monte today by defeat
ing Willie Riviera quartet, 8-7.
DEL MONTE, Jan. 0 (UP).—The
Uplifters Club of Santa Monica won
the 16-goal Christmas polo tourna
ment at Del Monte today by defeat
ing Willie Riviera quartet, 8-7.
DEL MONTE, Jan. 0 (UP).—The
Uplifters Club of Santa Monica won
the 16-goal Christmas polo tourna
ment at Del Monte today by defeat
ing Willie Riviera quartet, 8-7.
DEL MONTE, Jan. 0 (UP).—The
Uplifters Club of Santa Monica won
the 16-goal Christmas polo tourna
ment at Del Monte today by defeat
ing Willie Riviera quartet, 8-7.
DEL MONTE, Jan. 0 (UP).—The
Uplifters Club of Santa Monica won
the 16-goal Christmas polo tourna
ment at Del Monte today by defeat
ing Willie Riviera quartet, 8-7.
DEL MONTE, Jan. 0 (UP).—The
Uplifters Club of Santa Monica won
the 16-goal Christmas polo tourna
ment at Del Monte today by defeat
ing Willie Riviera quartet, 8-7.
DEL MONTE, Jan. 0 (UP).—The
Uplifters Club of Santa Monica won
the 16-goal Christmas polo tourna
ment at Del Monte today by defeat
ing Willie Riviera quartet, 8-7.
DEL MONTE, Jan. 0 (UP).—The
Uplifters Club of Santa Monica won
the 16-goal Christmas polo tourna
ment at Del Monte today by defeat
ing Willie Riviera quartet, 8-7.
DEL MONTE, Jan. 0 (UP).—The
Uplifters Club of Santa Monica won
the 16-goal Christmas polo tourna
ment at Del Monte today by defeat
ing Willie Riviera quartet, 8-7.
DEL MONTE, Jan. 0 (UP).—The
Uplifters Club of Santa Monica won
the 16-goal Christmas polo tourna
ment at Del Monte today by defeat
ing Willie Riviera quartet, 8-7.
DEL MONTE, Jan. 0 (UP).—The
Uplifters Club of Santa Monica won
the 16-goal Christmas polo tourna
ment at Del Monte today by defeat
ing Willie Riviera quartet, 8-7.
DEL MONTE, Jan. 0 (UP).—The
Uplifters Club of Santa Monica won
the 16-goal Christmas polo tourna
ment at Del Monte today by defeat
ing Willie Riviera quartet, 8-7.
DEL MONTE, Jan. 0 (UP).—The
Uplifters Club of Santa Monica won
the 16-goal Christmas polo tourna
ment at Del Monte today by defeat
ing Willie Riviera quartet, 8-7.
DEL MONTE, Jan. 0 (UP).—The
Uplifters Club of Santa Monica won
the 16-goal Christmas polo tourna
ment at Del Monte today by defeat
ing Willie Riviera quartet, 8-7.
