# GAMMA PHI ANNOUNCES
## 
### 
Gamma Phi Beta announces the
engagement of Elizabeth McGlash
ian, '38 .to George Lindahl, S.A.E
Gamma Phi Beta announces the
engagement of Elizabeth McGlash
ian, '38 .to George Lindahl, S.A.E
Gamma Phi Beta announces the
engagement of Elizabeth McGlash
ian, '38 .to George Lindahl, S.A.E
Gamma Phi Beta announces the
engagement of Elizabeth McGlash
ian, '38 .to George Lindahl, S.A.E
Gamma Phi Beta announces the
engagement of Elizabeth McGlash
ian, '38 .to George Lindahl, S.A.E
Gamma Phi Beta announces the
engagement of Elizabeth McGlash
ian, '38 .to George Lindahl, S.A.E
Gamma Phi Beta announces the
engagement of Elizabeth McGlash
ian, '38 .to George Lindahl, S.A.E
Gamma Phi Beta announces the
engagement of Elizabeth McGlash
ian, '38 .to George Lindahl, S.A.E
Gamma Phi Beta announces the
engagement of Elizabeth McGlash
ian, '38 .to George Lindahl, S.A.E
Gamma Phi Beta announces the
engagement of Elizabeth McGlash
ian, '38 .to George Lindahl, S.A.E
Gamma Phi Beta announces the
engagement of Elizabeth McGlash
ian, '38 .to George Lindahl, S.A.E
Gamma Phi Beta announces the
engagement of Elizabeth McGlash
ian, '38 .to George Lindahl, S.A.E
Gamma Phi Beta announces the
engagement of Elizabeth McGlash
ian, '38 .to George Lindahl, S.A.E
Gamma Phi Beta announces the
engagement of Elizabeth McGlash
ian, '38 .to George Lindahl, S.A.E
Gamma Phi Beta announces the
engagement of Elizabeth McGlash
ian, '38 .to George Lindahl, S.A.E
