# U.C.L.A. Appoints Martin To Lecture
## 
### 
Professor Percy A. Martin, of the
Stanford history department, has
accepted an appointment to the
teaching staff of the 1938 summer
session of the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles, according to
an announcement made over the
week-end by J. Harold Williams,
dean of the session.
A member of the Stanford faculty
since 1908, Dr. Martin will lecture
at the U.C.L.A. summer session,
opening on June 27, on the "History
of Hispanic America and the Car
ribbean countries."
During the past summer, Martin
attended the Second International
Congress fo American History held
at Buenos Aires.
Professor Percy A. Martin, of the
Stanford history department, has
accepted an appointment to the
teaching staff of the 1938 summer
session of the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles, according to
an announcement made over the
week-end by J. Harold Williams,
dean of the session.
A member of the Stanford faculty
since 1908, Dr. Martin will lecture
at the U.C.L.A. summer session,
opening on June 27, on the "History
of Hispanic America and the Car
ribbean countries."
During the past summer, Martin
attended the Second International
Congress fo American History held
at Buenos Aires.
Professor Percy A. Martin, of the
Stanford history department, has
accepted an appointment to the
teaching staff of the 1938 summer
session of the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles, according to
an announcement made over the
week-end by J. Harold Williams,
dean of the session.
A member of the Stanford faculty
since 1908, Dr. Martin will lecture
at the U.C.L.A. summer session,
opening on June 27, on the "History
of Hispanic America and the Car
ribbean countries."
During the past summer, Martin
attended the Second International
Congress fo American History held
at Buenos Aires.
Professor Percy A. Martin, of the
Stanford history department, has
accepted an appointment to the
teaching staff of the 1938 summer
session of the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles, according to
an announcement made over the
week-end by J. Harold Williams,
dean of the session.
A member of the Stanford faculty
since 1908, Dr. Martin will lecture
at the U.C.L.A. summer session,
opening on June 27, on the "History
of Hispanic America and the Car
ribbean countries."
During the past summer, Martin
attended the Second International
Congress fo American History held
at Buenos Aires.
Professor Percy A. Martin, of the
Stanford history department, has
accepted an appointment to the
teaching staff of the 1938 summer
session of the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles, according to
an announcement made over the
week-end by J. Harold Williams,
dean of the session.
A member of the Stanford faculty
since 1908, Dr. Martin will lecture
at the U.C.L.A. summer session,
opening on June 27, on the "History
of Hispanic America and the Car
ribbean countries."
During the past summer, Martin
attended the Second International
Congress fo American History held
at Buenos Aires.
Professor Percy A. Martin, of the
Stanford history department, has
accepted an appointment to the
teaching staff of the 1938 summer
session of the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles, according to
an announcement made over the
week-end by J. Harold Williams,
dean of the session.
A member of the Stanford faculty
since 1908, Dr. Martin will lecture
at the U.C.L.A. summer session,
opening on June 27, on the "History
of Hispanic America and the Car
ribbean countries."
During the past summer, Martin
attended the Second International
Congress fo American History held
at Buenos Aires.
Professor Percy A. Martin, of the
Stanford history department, has
accepted an appointment to the
teaching staff of the 1938 summer
session of the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles, according to
an announcement made over the
week-end by J. Harold Williams,
dean of the session.
A member of the Stanford faculty
since 1908, Dr. Martin will lecture
at the U.C.L.A. summer session,
opening on June 27, on the "History
of Hispanic America and the Car
ribbean countries."
During the past summer, Martin
attended the Second International
Congress fo American History held
at Buenos Aires.
Professor Percy A. Martin, of the
Stanford history department, has
accepted an appointment to the
teaching staff of the 1938 summer
session of the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles, according to
an announcement made over the
week-end by J. Harold Williams,
dean of the session.
A member of the Stanford faculty
since 1908, Dr. Martin will lecture
at the U.C.L.A. summer session,
opening on June 27, on the "History
of Hispanic America and the Car
ribbean countries."
During the past summer, Martin
attended the Second International
Congress fo American History held
at Buenos Aires.
Professor Percy A. Martin, of the
Stanford history department, has
accepted an appointment to the
teaching staff of the 1938 summer
session of the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles, according to
an announcement made over the
week-end by J. Harold Williams,
dean of the session.
A member of the Stanford faculty
since 1908, Dr. Martin will lecture
at the U.C.L.A. summer session,
opening on June 27, on the "History
of Hispanic America and the Car
ribbean countries."
During the past summer, Martin
attended the Second International
Congress fo American History held
at Buenos Aires.
Professor Percy A. Martin, of the
Stanford history department, has
accepted an appointment to the
teaching staff of the 1938 summer
session of the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles, according to
an announcement made over the
week-end by J. Harold Williams,
dean of the session.
A member of the Stanford faculty
since 1908, Dr. Martin will lecture
at the U.C.L.A. summer session,
opening on June 27, on the "History
of Hispanic America and the Car
ribbean countries."
During the past summer, Martin
attended the Second International
Congress fo American History held
at Buenos Aires.
Professor Percy A. Martin, of the
Stanford history department, has
accepted an appointment to the
teaching staff of the 1938 summer
session of the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles, according to
an announcement made over the
week-end by J. Harold Williams,
dean of the session.
A member of the Stanford faculty
since 1908, Dr. Martin will lecture
at the U.C.L.A. summer session,
opening on June 27, on the "History
of Hispanic America and the Car
ribbean countries."
During the past summer, Martin
attended the Second International
Congress fo American History held
at Buenos Aires.
Professor Percy A. Martin, of the
Stanford history department, has
accepted an appointment to the
teaching staff of the 1938 summer
session of the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles, according to
an announcement made over the
week-end by J. Harold Williams,
dean of the session.
A member of the Stanford faculty
since 1908, Dr. Martin will lecture
at the U.C.L.A. summer session,
opening on June 27, on the "History
of Hispanic America and the Car
ribbean countries."
During the past summer, Martin
attended the Second International
Congress fo American History held
at Buenos Aires.
Professor Percy A. Martin, of the
Stanford history department, has
accepted an appointment to the
teaching staff of the 1938 summer
session of the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles, according to
an announcement made over the
week-end by J. Harold Williams,
dean of the session.
A member of the Stanford faculty
since 1908, Dr. Martin will lecture
at the U.C.L.A. summer session,
opening on June 27, on the "History
of Hispanic America and the Car
ribbean countries."
During the past summer, Martin
attended the Second International
Congress fo American History held
at Buenos Aires.
Professor Percy A. Martin, of the
Stanford history department, has
accepted an appointment to the
teaching staff of the 1938 summer
session of the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles, according to
an announcement made over the
week-end by J. Harold Williams,
dean of the session.
A member of the Stanford faculty
since 1908, Dr. Martin will lecture
at the U.C.L.A. summer session,
opening on June 27, on the "History
of Hispanic America and the Car
ribbean countries."
During the past summer, Martin
attended the Second International
Congress fo American History held
at Buenos Aires.
Professor Percy A. Martin, of the
Stanford history department, has
accepted an appointment to the
teaching staff of the 1938 summer
session of the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles, according to
an announcement made over the
week-end by J. Harold Williams,
dean of the session.
A member of the Stanford faculty
since 1908, Dr. Martin will lecture
at the U.C.L.A. summer session,
opening on June 27, on the "History
of Hispanic America and the Car
ribbean countries."
During the past summer, Martin
attended the Second International
Congress fo American History held
at Buenos Aires.
