# CHAPARRAL URGES EARLY COPY FOR THEATRE NUMBER
## 
### 
Although the Old Boy has had to
take to bed in order to recuperate
from the Big Game, and although his
voice is sadly cracked, he pauses to
gulp down another spoonful of medi
cine, spread his long gray beard
smoothly over the white coverlids,
and cackle out another appeal for art
and literary copy for the next Chapar
ral. Deadline for all copy, whether
good or bad, art or literary, in ac
cordance with or in violation of the
honor system, he states, must be in
by December 20, the last day of au
tumn quarter and examinations. This
advance plea is given that everyone
and his little brother may get going
on their humoristic talents in time
to avoid conflicts with cramming for
the exams.
The next Chappie is to be the
"Theatre Number." This, says Editor
Jack Shoup, will afford an outlet for
comment from all those who have
been to the Green Street Theatre. All
quips, puns, jokes, etc., concerning
theatres, Big Game Gaieties, campus
productions, behind the scenes, stage
hands, operas, and other forms of
theatrical amusements will be grate
fully received. All copy turned in be
fore the deadline will receive more
consideration than that turned in dur
ing examination week.
