# Y.M.C.A. Loses Heater For Second Time Within Year
## 
### 
The Y.M.C.A. reports the theft of a
three-coil, 220-volt Wessen heater
from its reading rooms. The theft oc
curred last Monday sometime between
4 o'clock in the afternoon and 8
o'clock Tuesday morning. It was
valued at $45.
The theft of the stove is the second
which the Y.M.C.A. has suffered with
in a year.
The Y.M.C.A. reports the theft of a
three-coil, 220-volt Wessen heater
from its reading rooms. The theft oc
curred last Monday sometime between
4 o'clock in the afternoon and 8
o'clock Tuesday morning. It was
valued at $45.
The theft of the stove is the second
which the Y.M.C.A. has suffered with
in a year.
The Y.M.C.A. reports the theft of a
three-coil, 220-volt Wessen heater
from its reading rooms. The theft oc
curred last Monday sometime between
4 o'clock in the afternoon and 8
o'clock Tuesday morning. It was
valued at $45.
The theft of the stove is the second
which the Y.M.C.A. has suffered with
in a year.
The Y.M.C.A. reports the theft of a
three-coil, 220-volt Wessen heater
from its reading rooms. The theft oc
curred last Monday sometime between
4 o'clock in the afternoon and 8
o'clock Tuesday morning. It was
valued at $45.
The theft of the stove is the second
which the Y.M.C.A. has suffered with
in a year.
The Y.M.C.A. reports the theft of a
three-coil, 220-volt Wessen heater
from its reading rooms. The theft oc
curred last Monday sometime between
4 o'clock in the afternoon and 8
o'clock Tuesday morning. It was
valued at $45.
The theft of the stove is the second
which the Y.M.C.A. has suffered with
in a year.
The Y.M.C.A. reports the theft of a
three-coil, 220-volt Wessen heater
from its reading rooms. The theft oc
curred last Monday sometime between
4 o'clock in the afternoon and 8
o'clock Tuesday morning. It was
valued at $45.
The theft of the stove is the second
which the Y.M.C.A. has suffered with
in a year.
The Y.M.C.A. reports the theft of a
three-coil, 220-volt Wessen heater
from its reading rooms. The theft oc
curred last Monday sometime between
4 o'clock in the afternoon and 8
o'clock Tuesday morning. It was
valued at $45.
The theft of the stove is the second
which the Y.M.C.A. has suffered with
in a year.
The Y.M.C.A. reports the theft of a
three-coil, 220-volt Wessen heater
from its reading rooms. The theft oc
curred last Monday sometime between
4 o'clock in the afternoon and 8
o'clock Tuesday morning. It was
valued at $45.
The theft of the stove is the second
which the Y.M.C.A. has suffered with
in a year.
The Y.M.C.A. reports the theft of a
three-coil, 220-volt Wessen heater
from its reading rooms. The theft oc
curred last Monday sometime between
4 o'clock in the afternoon and 8
o'clock Tuesday morning. It was
valued at $45.
The theft of the stove is the second
which the Y.M.C.A. has suffered with
in a year.
The Y.M.C.A. reports the theft of a
three-coil, 220-volt Wessen heater
from its reading rooms. The theft oc
curred last Monday sometime between
4 o'clock in the afternoon and 8
o'clock Tuesday morning. It was
valued at $45.
The theft of the stove is the second
which the Y.M.C.A. has suffered with
in a year.
The Y.M.C.A. reports the theft of a
three-coil, 220-volt Wessen heater
from its reading rooms. The theft oc
curred last Monday sometime between
4 o'clock in the afternoon and 8
o'clock Tuesday morning. It was
valued at $45.
The theft of the stove is the second
which the Y.M.C.A. has suffered with
in a year.
The Y.M.C.A. reports the theft of a
three-coil, 220-volt Wessen heater
from its reading rooms. The theft oc
curred last Monday sometime between
4 o'clock in the afternoon and 8
o'clock Tuesday morning. It was
valued at $45.
The theft of the stove is the second
which the Y.M.C.A. has suffered with
in a year.
The Y.M.C.A. reports the theft of a
three-coil, 220-volt Wessen heater
from its reading rooms. The theft oc
curred last Monday sometime between
4 o'clock in the afternoon and 8
o'clock Tuesday morning. It was
valued at $45.
The theft of the stove is the second
which the Y.M.C.A. has suffered with
in a year.
The Y.M.C.A. reports the theft of a
three-coil, 220-volt Wessen heater
from its reading rooms. The theft oc
curred last Monday sometime between
4 o'clock in the afternoon and 8
o'clock Tuesday morning. It was
valued at $45.
The theft of the stove is the second
which the Y.M.C.A. has suffered with
in a year.
The Y.M.C.A. reports the theft of a
three-coil, 220-volt Wessen heater
from its reading rooms. The theft oc
curred last Monday sometime between
4 o'clock in the afternoon and 8
o'clock Tuesday morning. It was
valued at $45.
The theft of the stove is the second
which the Y.M.C.A. has suffered with
in a year.
The Y.M.C.A. reports the theft of a
three-coil, 220-volt Wessen heater
from its reading rooms. The theft oc
curred last Monday sometime between
4 o'clock in the afternoon and 8
o'clock Tuesday morning. It was
valued at $45.
The theft of the stove is the second
which the Y.M.C.A. has suffered with
in a year.
