# Footballers to Dine With Gals Tonight
## 
### 
Stanford football players will
be eating dinner in the various
women's residences tonight.
There will be two or three play
ers eating at each house, except
for Branner and Roble which
will have six and nine, respec
tively. The purpose of the eve
ning is to promote spirit an d
enthusiasm for Big Game this
Saturday.
Other activities are planned
throughout the week, highlighted
by The Bonfire and "Gaieties"
show Friday night.
Stanford football players will
be eating dinner in the various
women's residences tonight.
There will be two or three play
ers eating at each house, except
for Branner and Roble which
will have six and nine, respec
tively. The purpose of the eve
ning is to promote spirit an d
enthusiasm for Big Game this
Saturday.
Other activities are planned
throughout the week, highlighted
by The Bonfire and "Gaieties"
show Friday night.
Stanford football players will
be eating dinner in the various
women's residences tonight.
There will be two or three play
ers eating at each house, except
for Branner and Roble which
will have six and nine, respec
tively. The purpose of the eve
ning is to promote spirit an d
enthusiasm for Big Game this
Saturday.
Other activities are planned
throughout the week, highlighted
by The Bonfire and "Gaieties"
show Friday night.
Stanford football players will
be eating dinner in the various
women's residences tonight.
There will be two or three play
ers eating at each house, except
for Branner and Roble which
will have six and nine, respec
tively. The purpose of the eve
ning is to promote spirit an d
enthusiasm for Big Game this
Saturday.
Other activities are planned
throughout the week, highlighted
by The Bonfire and "Gaieties"
show Friday night.
Stanford football players will
be eating dinner in the various
women's residences tonight.
There will be two or three play
ers eating at each house, except
for Branner and Roble which
will have six and nine, respec
tively. The purpose of the eve
ning is to promote spirit an d
enthusiasm for Big Game this
Saturday.
Other activities are planned
throughout the week, highlighted
by The Bonfire and "Gaieties"
show Friday night.
Stanford football players will
be eating dinner in the various
women's residences tonight.
There will be two or three play
ers eating at each house, except
for Branner and Roble which
will have six and nine, respec
tively. The purpose of the eve
ning is to promote spirit an d
enthusiasm for Big Game this
Saturday.
Other activities are planned
throughout the week, highlighted
by The Bonfire and "Gaieties"
show Friday night.
Stanford football players will
be eating dinner in the various
women's residences tonight.
There will be two or three play
ers eating at each house, except
for Branner and Roble which
will have six and nine, respec
tively. The purpose of the eve
ning is to promote spirit an d
enthusiasm for Big Game this
Saturday.
Other activities are planned
throughout the week, highlighted
by The Bonfire and "Gaieties"
show Friday night.
Stanford football players will
be eating dinner in the various
women's residences tonight.
There will be two or three play
ers eating at each house, except
for Branner and Roble which
will have six and nine, respec
tively. The purpose of the eve
ning is to promote spirit an d
enthusiasm for Big Game this
Saturday.
Other activities are planned
throughout the week, highlighted
by The Bonfire and "Gaieties"
show Friday night.
Stanford football players will
be eating dinner in the various
women's residences tonight.
There will be two or three play
ers eating at each house, except
for Branner and Roble which
will have six and nine, respec
tively. The purpose of the eve
ning is to promote spirit an d
enthusiasm for Big Game this
Saturday.
Other activities are planned
throughout the week, highlighted
by The Bonfire and "Gaieties"
show Friday night.
Stanford football players will
be eating dinner in the various
women's residences tonight.
There will be two or three play
ers eating at each house, except
for Branner and Roble which
will have six and nine, respec
tively. The purpose of the eve
ning is to promote spirit an d
enthusiasm for Big Game this
Saturday.
Other activities are planned
throughout the week, highlighted
by The Bonfire and "Gaieties"
show Friday night.
Stanford football players will
be eating dinner in the various
women's residences tonight.
There will be two or three play
ers eating at each house, except
for Branner and Roble which
will have six and nine, respec
tively. The purpose of the eve
ning is to promote spirit an d
enthusiasm for Big Game this
Saturday.
Other activities are planned
throughout the week, highlighted
by The Bonfire and "Gaieties"
show Friday night.
Stanford football players will
be eating dinner in the various
women's residences tonight.
There will be two or three play
ers eating at each house, except
for Branner and Roble which
will have six and nine, respec
tively. The purpose of the eve
ning is to promote spirit an d
enthusiasm for Big Game this
Saturday.
Other activities are planned
throughout the week, highlighted
by The Bonfire and "Gaieties"
show Friday night.
Stanford football players will
be eating dinner in the various
women's residences tonight.
There will be two or three play
ers eating at each house, except
for Branner and Roble which
will have six and nine, respec
tively. The purpose of the eve
ning is to promote spirit an d
enthusiasm for Big Game this
Saturday.
Other activities are planned
throughout the week, highlighted
by The Bonfire and "Gaieties"
show Friday night.
Stanford football players will
be eating dinner in the various
women's residences tonight.
There will be two or three play
ers eating at each house, except
for Branner and Roble which
will have six and nine, respec
tively. The purpose of the eve
ning is to promote spirit an d
enthusiasm for Big Game this
Saturday.
Other activities are planned
throughout the week, highlighted
by The Bonfire and "Gaieties"
show Friday night.
Stanford football players will
be eating dinner in the various
women's residences tonight.
There will be two or three play
ers eating at each house, except
for Branner and Roble which
will have six and nine, respec
tively. The purpose of the eve
ning is to promote spirit an d
enthusiasm for Big Game this
Saturday.
Other activities are planned
throughout the week, highlighted
by The Bonfire and "Gaieties"
show Friday night.
Stanford football players will
be eating dinner in the various
women's residences tonight.
There will be two or three play
ers eating at each house, except
for Branner and Roble which
will have six and nine, respec
tively. The purpose of the eve
ning is to promote spirit an d
enthusiasm for Big Game this
Saturday.
Other activities are planned
throughout the week, highlighted
by The Bonfire and "Gaieties"
show Friday night.
Stanford football players will
be eating dinner in the various
women's residences tonight.
There will be two or three play
ers eating at each house, except
for Branner and Roble which
will have six and nine, respec
tively. The purpose of the eve
ning is to promote spirit an d
enthusiasm for Big Game this
Saturday.
Other activities are planned
throughout the week, highlighted
by The Bonfire and "Gaieties"
show Friday night.
