# Baltimore Hires an Ex-Yankee
## 
### 
BALTIMORE, Md. (UPI>
Rugged Hank Bauer. who learned
winning ways with such outfits
as tho U.S. Murines and tho Now
York Yankees, Tuesday w a s
named manager of the Baltimore
Orioles. He insisted ho wasn't
upset by tho delay in the an
nouncement.
Orioles General Manager Leo
MaePhail said in making the an
nouncement that "Hank has been
my preference right along."
MaePhail said ho was happy
about the signing of Bauer lie
cause "he knows our ball club
and the rest of tho league. He
has the background and the typo
of personality that we were
looking for."
MacPhail's remark about per
sonality was taken by some to
mean that ex-Marine Bauer
would be called on 1o install a

more rugged type of discipline
on the club than was the custom
under ihe fairly easy-going Hitch
cock
