# DEAN HOOVER TALKS BEFORE ELECTRICAL ENGINEERS' SMOKER
## 
### 
Deon Theodore Hoover, of the en
gineering school, Professor C. D. Marx,
of the civil engineering department,
and Dr. H. J. Ryan, head of the Ryan
Laboratory, were the speakers at the
smoker of the Electrical Engineering
Society last night in the lobby of the
Old Union.
In his talk, Dean Hoover spoke of
the advantages and disadvantages of
engineering work in foreign fields.
"There is an admirable but incorrigi
ble romance," he said, "to all foreign
jobs that leads the young engineer
to paint the work with foreign cor
porations in all too brilliant colors.
We have had so many calls for advice
in our department during the past
month that I have drawn up a set
of six considerations that I strongly
recommend for the young engineer's
study before he starts out for work
abroad. In the first place there is
this romance of which I have spoken.
Secondly, how does the pay compare
with pay for similar work in the
United States?
"Third —What are the health con
ditions? In foreign countries they are
generally quite objectionable. In the
tropics and subtropics the effective
career of an engineer is shortened
from ten to fifty per cent. Fourth —
One must consider the idea of expa
triation from one's own country. Fifth
—An engineer on extended foreign
work loses step with his time and
generation. Sixth —There is plenty of
demand for engineers in this country
and the demand is increasing as the
years pass. There is of course the
exception to these considerations in
the fact that if one is working for an
American corporation abroad his
chances are much better of finding
health, advanced engineering ideas,
and general working conditions much
better."
Deon Theodore Hoover, of the en
gineering school, Professor C. D. Marx,
of the civil engineering department,
and Dr. H. J. Ryan, head of the Ryan
Laboratory, were the speakers at the
smoker of the Electrical Engineering
Society last night in the lobby of the
Old Union.
In his talk, Dean Hoover spoke of
the advantages and disadvantages of
engineering work in foreign fields.
"There is an admirable but incorrigi
ble romance," he said, "to all foreign
jobs that leads the young engineer
to paint the work with foreign cor
porations in all too brilliant colors.
We have had so many calls for advice
in our department during the past
month that I have drawn up a set
of six considerations that I strongly
recommend for the young engineer's
study before he starts out for work
abroad. In the first place there is
this romance of which I have spoken.
Secondly, how does the pay compare
with pay for similar work in the
United States?
"Third —What are the health con
ditions? In foreign countries they are
generally quite objectionable. In the
tropics and subtropics the effective
career of an engineer is shortened
from ten to fifty per cent. Fourth —
One must consider the idea of expa
triation from one's own country. Fifth
—An engineer on extended foreign
work loses step with his time and
generation. Sixth —There is plenty of
demand for engineers in this country
and the demand is increasing as the
years pass. There is of course the
exception to these considerations in
the fact that if one is working for an
American corporation abroad his
chances are much better of finding
health, advanced engineering ideas,
and general working conditions much
better."
Deon Theodore Hoover, of the en
gineering school, Professor C. D. Marx,
of the civil engineering department,
and Dr. H. J. Ryan, head of the Ryan
Laboratory, were the speakers at the
smoker of the Electrical Engineering
Society last night in the lobby of the
Old Union.
In his talk, Dean Hoover spoke of
the advantages and disadvantages of
engineering work in foreign fields.
"There is an admirable but incorrigi
ble romance," he said, "to all foreign
jobs that leads the young engineer
to paint the work with foreign cor
porations in all too brilliant colors.
We have had so many calls for advice
in our department during the past
month that I have drawn up a set
of six considerations that I strongly
recommend for the young engineer's
study before he starts out for work
abroad. In the first place there is
this romance of which I have spoken.
Secondly, how does the pay compare
with pay for similar work in the
United States?
"Third —What are the health con
ditions? In foreign countries they are
generally quite objectionable. In the
tropics and subtropics the effective
career of an engineer is shortened
from ten to fifty per cent. Fourth —
One must consider the idea of expa
triation from one's own country. Fifth
—An engineer on extended foreign
work loses step with his time and
generation. Sixth —There is plenty of
demand for engineers in this country
and the demand is increasing as the
years pass. There is of course the
exception to these considerations in
the fact that if one is working for an
American corporation abroad his
chances are much better of finding
health, advanced engineering ideas,
and general working conditions much
better."
Deon Theodore Hoover, of the en
gineering school, Professor C. D. Marx,
of the civil engineering department,
and Dr. H. J. Ryan, head of the Ryan
Laboratory, were the speakers at the
smoker of the Electrical Engineering
Society last night in the lobby of the
Old Union.
In his talk, Dean Hoover spoke of
the advantages and disadvantages of
engineering work in foreign fields.
"There is an admirable but incorrigi
ble romance," he said, "to all foreign
jobs that leads the young engineer
to paint the work with foreign cor
porations in all too brilliant colors.
We have had so many calls for advice
in our department during the past
month that I have drawn up a set
of six considerations that I strongly
recommend for the young engineer's
study before he starts out for work
abroad. In the first place there is
this romance of which I have spoken.
Secondly, how does the pay compare
with pay for similar work in the
United States?
"Third —What are the health con
ditions? In foreign countries they are
generally quite objectionable. In the
tropics and subtropics the effective
career of an engineer is shortened
from ten to fifty per cent. Fourth —
One must consider the idea of expa
triation from one's own country. Fifth
—An engineer on extended foreign
work loses step with his time and
generation. Sixth —There is plenty of
demand for engineers in this country
and the demand is increasing as the
years pass. There is of course the
exception to these considerations in
the fact that if one is working for an
American corporation abroad his
chances are much better of finding
health, advanced engineering ideas,
and general working conditions much
better."
Deon Theodore Hoover, of the en
gineering school, Professor C. D. Marx,
of the civil engineering department,
and Dr. H. J. Ryan, head of the Ryan
Laboratory, were the speakers at the
smoker of the Electrical Engineering
Society last night in the lobby of the
Old Union.
In his talk, Dean Hoover spoke of
the advantages and disadvantages of
engineering work in foreign fields.
"There is an admirable but incorrigi
ble romance," he said, "to all foreign
jobs that leads the young engineer
to paint the work with foreign cor
porations in all too brilliant colors.
We have had so many calls for advice
in our department during the past
month that I have drawn up a set
of six considerations that I strongly
recommend for the young engineer's
study before he starts out for work
abroad. In the first place there is
this romance of which I have spoken.
Secondly, how does the pay compare
with pay for similar work in the
United States?
"Third —What are the health con
ditions? In foreign countries they are
generally quite objectionable. In the
tropics and subtropics the effective
career of an engineer is shortened
from ten to fifty per cent. Fourth —
One must consider the idea of expa
triation from one's own country. Fifth
—An engineer on extended foreign
work loses step with his time and
generation. Sixth —There is plenty of
demand for engineers in this country
and the demand is increasing as the
years pass. There is of course the
exception to these considerations in
the fact that if one is working for an
American corporation abroad his
chances are much better of finding
health, advanced engineering ideas,
and general working conditions much
better."
Deon Theodore Hoover, of the en
gineering school, Professor C. D. Marx,
of the civil engineering department,
and Dr. H. J. Ryan, head of the Ryan
Laboratory, were the speakers at the
smoker of the Electrical Engineering
Society last night in the lobby of the
Old Union.
In his talk, Dean Hoover spoke of
the advantages and disadvantages of
engineering work in foreign fields.
"There is an admirable but incorrigi
ble romance," he said, "to all foreign
jobs that leads the young engineer
to paint the work with foreign cor
porations in all too brilliant colors.
We have had so many calls for advice
in our department during the past
month that I have drawn up a set
of six considerations that I strongly
recommend for the young engineer's
study before he starts out for work
abroad. In the first place there is
this romance of which I have spoken.
Secondly, how does the pay compare
with pay for similar work in the
United States?
"Third —What are the health con
ditions? In foreign countries they are
generally quite objectionable. In the
tropics and subtropics the effective
career of an engineer is shortened
from ten to fifty per cent. Fourth —
One must consider the idea of expa
triation from one's own country. Fifth
—An engineer on extended foreign
work loses step with his time and
generation. Sixth —There is plenty of
demand for engineers in this country
and the demand is increasing as the
years pass. There is of course the
exception to these considerations in
the fact that if one is working for an
American corporation abroad his
chances are much better of finding
health, advanced engineering ideas,
and general working conditions much
better."
Deon Theodore Hoover, of the en
gineering school, Professor C. D. Marx,
of the civil engineering department,
and Dr. H. J. Ryan, head of the Ryan
Laboratory, were the speakers at the
smoker of the Electrical Engineering
Society last night in the lobby of the
Old Union.
In his talk, Dean Hoover spoke of
the advantages and disadvantages of
engineering work in foreign fields.
"There is an admirable but incorrigi
ble romance," he said, "to all foreign
jobs that leads the young engineer
to paint the work with foreign cor
porations in all too brilliant colors.
We have had so many calls for advice
in our department during the past
month that I have drawn up a set
of six considerations that I strongly
recommend for the young engineer's
study before he starts out for work
abroad. In the first place there is
this romance of which I have spoken.
Secondly, how does the pay compare
with pay for similar work in the
United States?
"Third —What are the health con
ditions? In foreign countries they are
generally quite objectionable. In the
tropics and subtropics the effective
career of an engineer is shortened
from ten to fifty per cent. Fourth —
One must consider the idea of expa
triation from one's own country. Fifth
—An engineer on extended foreign
work loses step with his time and
generation. Sixth —There is plenty of
demand for engineers in this country
and the demand is increasing as the
years pass. There is of course the
exception to these considerations in
the fact that if one is working for an
American corporation abroad his
chances are much better of finding
health, advanced engineering ideas,
and general working conditions much
better."
Deon Theodore Hoover, of the en
gineering school, Professor C. D. Marx,
of the civil engineering department,
and Dr. H. J. Ryan, head of the Ryan
Laboratory, were the speakers at the
smoker of the Electrical Engineering
Society last night in the lobby of the
Old Union.
In his talk, Dean Hoover spoke of
the advantages and disadvantages of
engineering work in foreign fields.
"There is an admirable but incorrigi
ble romance," he said, "to all foreign
jobs that leads the young engineer
to paint the work with foreign cor
porations in all too brilliant colors.
We have had so many calls for advice
in our department during the past
month that I have drawn up a set
of six considerations that I strongly
recommend for the young engineer's
study before he starts out for work
abroad. In the first place there is
this romance of which I have spoken.
Secondly, how does the pay compare
with pay for similar work in the
United States?
"Third —What are the health con
ditions? In foreign countries they are
generally quite objectionable. In the
tropics and subtropics the effective
career of an engineer is shortened
from ten to fifty per cent. Fourth —
One must consider the idea of expa
triation from one's own country. Fifth
—An engineer on extended foreign
work loses step with his time and
generation. Sixth —There is plenty of
demand for engineers in this country
and the demand is increasing as the
years pass. There is of course the
exception to these considerations in
the fact that if one is working for an
American corporation abroad his
chances are much better of finding
health, advanced engineering ideas,
and general working conditions much
better."
Deon Theodore Hoover, of the en
gineering school, Professor C. D. Marx,
of the civil engineering department,
and Dr. H. J. Ryan, head of the Ryan
Laboratory, were the speakers at the
smoker of the Electrical Engineering
Society last night in the lobby of the
Old Union.
In his talk, Dean Hoover spoke of
the advantages and disadvantages of
engineering work in foreign fields.
"There is an admirable but incorrigi
ble romance," he said, "to all foreign
jobs that leads the young engineer
to paint the work with foreign cor
porations in all too brilliant colors.
We have had so many calls for advice
in our department during the past
month that I have drawn up a set
of six considerations that I strongly
recommend for the young engineer's
study before he starts out for work
abroad. In the first place there is
this romance of which I have spoken.
Secondly, how does the pay compare
with pay for similar work in the
United States?
"Third —What are the health con
ditions? In foreign countries they are
generally quite objectionable. In the
tropics and subtropics the effective
career of an engineer is shortened
from ten to fifty per cent. Fourth —
One must consider the idea of expa
triation from one's own country. Fifth
—An engineer on extended foreign
work loses step with his time and
generation. Sixth —There is plenty of
demand for engineers in this country
and the demand is increasing as the
years pass. There is of course the
exception to these considerations in
the fact that if one is working for an
American corporation abroad his
chances are much better of finding
health, advanced engineering ideas,
and general working conditions much
better."
Deon Theodore Hoover, of the en
gineering school, Professor C. D. Marx,
of the civil engineering department,
and Dr. H. J. Ryan, head of the Ryan
Laboratory, were the speakers at the
smoker of the Electrical Engineering
Society last night in the lobby of the
Old Union.
In his talk, Dean Hoover spoke of
the advantages and disadvantages of
engineering work in foreign fields.
"There is an admirable but incorrigi
ble romance," he said, "to all foreign
jobs that leads the young engineer
to paint the work with foreign cor
porations in all too brilliant colors.
We have had so many calls for advice
in our department during the past
month that I have drawn up a set
of six considerations that I strongly
recommend for the young engineer's
study before he starts out for work
abroad. In the first place there is
this romance of which I have spoken.
Secondly, how does the pay compare
with pay for similar work in the
United States?
"Third —What are the health con
ditions? In foreign countries they are
generally quite objectionable. In the
tropics and subtropics the effective
career of an engineer is shortened
from ten to fifty per cent. Fourth —
One must consider the idea of expa
triation from one's own country. Fifth
—An engineer on extended foreign
work loses step with his time and
generation. Sixth —There is plenty of
demand for engineers in this country
and the demand is increasing as the
years pass. There is of course the
exception to these considerations in
the fact that if one is working for an
American corporation abroad his
chances are much better of finding
health, advanced engineering ideas,
and general working conditions much
better."
Deon Theodore Hoover, of the en
gineering school, Professor C. D. Marx,
of the civil engineering department,
and Dr. H. J. Ryan, head of the Ryan
Laboratory, were the speakers at the
smoker of the Electrical Engineering
Society last night in the lobby of the
Old Union.
In his talk, Dean Hoover spoke of
the advantages and disadvantages of
engineering work in foreign fields.
"There is an admirable but incorrigi
ble romance," he said, "to all foreign
jobs that leads the young engineer
to paint the work with foreign cor
porations in all too brilliant colors.
We have had so many calls for advice
in our department during the past
month that I have drawn up a set
of six considerations that I strongly
recommend for the young engineer's
study before he starts out for work
abroad. In the first place there is
this romance of which I have spoken.
Secondly, how does the pay compare
with pay for similar work in the
United States?
"Third —What are the health con
ditions? In foreign countries they are
generally quite objectionable. In the
tropics and subtropics the effective
career of an engineer is shortened
from ten to fifty per cent. Fourth —
One must consider the idea of expa
triation from one's own country. Fifth
—An engineer on extended foreign
work loses step with his time and
generation. Sixth —There is plenty of
demand for engineers in this country
and the demand is increasing as the
years pass. There is of course the
exception to these considerations in
the fact that if one is working for an
American corporation abroad his
chances are much better of finding
health, advanced engineering ideas,
and general working conditions much
better."
Deon Theodore Hoover, of the en
gineering school, Professor C. D. Marx,
of the civil engineering department,
and Dr. H. J. Ryan, head of the Ryan
Laboratory, were the speakers at the
smoker of the Electrical Engineering
Society last night in the lobby of the
Old Union.
In his talk, Dean Hoover spoke of
the advantages and disadvantages of
engineering work in foreign fields.
"There is an admirable but incorrigi
ble romance," he said, "to all foreign
jobs that leads the young engineer
to paint the work with foreign cor
porations in all too brilliant colors.
We have had so many calls for advice
in our department during the past
month that I have drawn up a set
of six considerations that I strongly
recommend for the young engineer's
study before he starts out for work
abroad. In the first place there is
this romance of which I have spoken.
Secondly, how does the pay compare
with pay for similar work in the
United States?
"Third —What are the health con
ditions? In foreign countries they are
generally quite objectionable. In the
tropics and subtropics the effective
career of an engineer is shortened
from ten to fifty per cent. Fourth —
One must consider the idea of expa
triation from one's own country. Fifth
—An engineer on extended foreign
work loses step with his time and
generation. Sixth —There is plenty of
demand for engineers in this country
and the demand is increasing as the
years pass. There is of course the
exception to these considerations in
the fact that if one is working for an
American corporation abroad his
chances are much better of finding
health, advanced engineering ideas,
and general working conditions much
better."
Deon Theodore Hoover, of the en
gineering school, Professor C. D. Marx,
of the civil engineering department,
and Dr. H. J. Ryan, head of the Ryan
Laboratory, were the speakers at the
smoker of the Electrical Engineering
Society last night in the lobby of the
Old Union.
In his talk, Dean Hoover spoke of
the advantages and disadvantages of
engineering work in foreign fields.
"There is an admirable but incorrigi
ble romance," he said, "to all foreign
jobs that leads the young engineer
to paint the work with foreign cor
porations in all too brilliant colors.
We have had so many calls for advice
in our department during the past
month that I have drawn up a set
of six considerations that I strongly
recommend for the young engineer's
study before he starts out for work
abroad. In the first place there is
this romance of which I have spoken.
Secondly, how does the pay compare
with pay for similar work in the
United States?
"Third —What are the health con
ditions? In foreign countries they are
generally quite objectionable. In the
tropics and subtropics the effective
career of an engineer is shortened
from ten to fifty per cent. Fourth —
One must consider the idea of expa
triation from one's own country. Fifth
—An engineer on extended foreign
work loses step with his time and
generation. Sixth —There is plenty of
demand for engineers in this country
and the demand is increasing as the
years pass. There is of course the
exception to these considerations in
the fact that if one is working for an
American corporation abroad his
chances are much better of finding
health, advanced engineering ideas,
and general working conditions much
better."
Deon Theodore Hoover, of the en
gineering school, Professor C. D. Marx,
of the civil engineering department,
and Dr. H. J. Ryan, head of the Ryan
Laboratory, were the speakers at the
smoker of the Electrical Engineering
Society last night in the lobby of the
Old Union.
In his talk, Dean Hoover spoke of
the advantages and disadvantages of
engineering work in foreign fields.
"There is an admirable but incorrigi
ble romance," he said, "to all foreign
jobs that leads the young engineer
to paint the work with foreign cor
porations in all too brilliant colors.
We have had so many calls for advice
in our department during the past
month that I have drawn up a set
of six considerations that I strongly
recommend for the young engineer's
study before he starts out for work
abroad. In the first place there is
this romance of which I have spoken.
Secondly, how does the pay compare
with pay for similar work in the
United States?
"Third —What are the health con
ditions? In foreign countries they are
generally quite objectionable. In the
tropics and subtropics the effective
career of an engineer is shortened
from ten to fifty per cent. Fourth —
One must consider the idea of expa
triation from one's own country. Fifth
—An engineer on extended foreign
work loses step with his time and
generation. Sixth —There is plenty of
demand for engineers in this country
and the demand is increasing as the
years pass. There is of course the
exception to these considerations in
the fact that if one is working for an
American corporation abroad his
chances are much better of finding
health, advanced engineering ideas,
and general working conditions much
better."
Deon Theodore Hoover, of the en
gineering school, Professor C. D. Marx,
of the civil engineering department,
and Dr. H. J. Ryan, head of the Ryan
Laboratory, were the speakers at the
smoker of the Electrical Engineering
Society last night in the lobby of the
Old Union.
In his talk, Dean Hoover spoke of
the advantages and disadvantages of
engineering work in foreign fields.
"There is an admirable but incorrigi
ble romance," he said, "to all foreign
jobs that leads the young engineer
to paint the work with foreign cor
porations in all too brilliant colors.
We have had so many calls for advice
in our department during the past
month that I have drawn up a set
of six considerations that I strongly
recommend for the young engineer's
study before he starts out for work
abroad. In the first place there is
this romance of which I have spoken.
Secondly, how does the pay compare
with pay for similar work in the
United States?
"Third —What are the health con
ditions? In foreign countries they are
generally quite objectionable. In the
tropics and subtropics the effective
career of an engineer is shortened
from ten to fifty per cent. Fourth —
One must consider the idea of expa
triation from one's own country. Fifth
—An engineer on extended foreign
work loses step with his time and
generation. Sixth —There is plenty of
demand for engineers in this country
and the demand is increasing as the
years pass. There is of course the
exception to these considerations in
the fact that if one is working for an
American corporation abroad his
chances are much better of finding
health, advanced engineering ideas,
and general working conditions much
better."
Deon Theodore Hoover, of the en
gineering school, Professor C. D. Marx,
of the civil engineering department,
and Dr. H. J. Ryan, head of the Ryan
Laboratory, were the speakers at the
smoker of the Electrical Engineering
Society last night in the lobby of the
Old Union.
In his talk, Dean Hoover spoke of
the advantages and disadvantages of
engineering work in foreign fields.
"There is an admirable but incorrigi
ble romance," he said, "to all foreign
jobs that leads the young engineer
to paint the work with foreign cor
porations in all too brilliant colors.
We have had so many calls for advice
in our department during the past
month that I have drawn up a set
of six considerations that I strongly
recommend for the young engineer's
study before he starts out for work
abroad. In the first place there is
this romance of which I have spoken.
Secondly, how does the pay compare
with pay for similar work in the
United States?
"Third —What are the health con
ditions? In foreign countries they are
generally quite objectionable. In the
tropics and subtropics the effective
career of an engineer is shortened
from ten to fifty per cent. Fourth —
One must consider the idea of expa
triation from one's own country. Fifth
—An engineer on extended foreign
work loses step with his time and
generation. Sixth —There is plenty of
demand for engineers in this country
and the demand is increasing as the
years pass. There is of course the
exception to these considerations in
the fact that if one is working for an
American corporation abroad his
chances are much better of finding
health, advanced engineering ideas,
and general working conditions much
better."
