# FRESHMAN WOMEN IN SWIMMING WIN FROM SENIOR TEAM, 38-20
## 
### 
In a hotly contested batlte the first
year women defeated a strong senior
swimming aggregation yesterday af
ternoon 38 to 20.
The frosli took all but one of the
first places, losing the 50-yard free
style to the seniors. Katherine Doyle,
senior sprinter, was beaten in the
backstroke for the first time in her
swimming career, although the time,
19.2 seconds, did not better her best
mark.
In a hotly contested batlte the first
year women defeated a strong senior
swimming aggregation yesterday af
ternoon 38 to 20.
The frosli took all but one of the
first places, losing the 50-yard free
style to the seniors. Katherine Doyle,
senior sprinter, was beaten in the
backstroke for the first time in her
swimming career, although the time,
19.2 seconds, did not better her best
mark.
In a hotly contested batlte the first
year women defeated a strong senior
swimming aggregation yesterday af
ternoon 38 to 20.
The frosli took all but one of the
first places, losing the 50-yard free
style to the seniors. Katherine Doyle,
senior sprinter, was beaten in the
backstroke for the first time in her
swimming career, although the time,
19.2 seconds, did not better her best
mark.
In a hotly contested batlte the first
year women defeated a strong senior
swimming aggregation yesterday af
ternoon 38 to 20.
The frosli took all but one of the
first places, losing the 50-yard free
style to the seniors. Katherine Doyle,
senior sprinter, was beaten in the
backstroke for the first time in her
swimming career, although the time,
19.2 seconds, did not better her best
mark.
In a hotly contested batlte the first
year women defeated a strong senior
swimming aggregation yesterday af
ternoon 38 to 20.
The frosli took all but one of the
first places, losing the 50-yard free
style to the seniors. Katherine Doyle,
senior sprinter, was beaten in the
backstroke for the first time in her
swimming career, although the time,
19.2 seconds, did not better her best
mark.
In a hotly contested batlte the first
year women defeated a strong senior
swimming aggregation yesterday af
ternoon 38 to 20.
The frosli took all but one of the
first places, losing the 50-yard free
style to the seniors. Katherine Doyle,
senior sprinter, was beaten in the
backstroke for the first time in her
swimming career, although the time,
19.2 seconds, did not better her best
mark.
In a hotly contested batlte the first
year women defeated a strong senior
swimming aggregation yesterday af
ternoon 38 to 20.
The frosli took all but one of the
first places, losing the 50-yard free
style to the seniors. Katherine Doyle,
senior sprinter, was beaten in the
backstroke for the first time in her
swimming career, although the time,
19.2 seconds, did not better her best
mark.
In a hotly contested batlte the first
year women defeated a strong senior
swimming aggregation yesterday af
ternoon 38 to 20.
The frosli took all but one of the
first places, losing the 50-yard free
style to the seniors. Katherine Doyle,
senior sprinter, was beaten in the
backstroke for the first time in her
swimming career, although the time,
19.2 seconds, did not better her best
mark.
In a hotly contested batlte the first
year women defeated a strong senior
swimming aggregation yesterday af
ternoon 38 to 20.
The frosli took all but one of the
first places, losing the 50-yard free
style to the seniors. Katherine Doyle,
senior sprinter, was beaten in the
backstroke for the first time in her
swimming career, although the time,
19.2 seconds, did not better her best
mark.
In a hotly contested batlte the first
year women defeated a strong senior
swimming aggregation yesterday af
ternoon 38 to 20.
The frosli took all but one of the
first places, losing the 50-yard free
style to the seniors. Katherine Doyle,
senior sprinter, was beaten in the
backstroke for the first time in her
swimming career, although the time,
19.2 seconds, did not better her best
mark.
In a hotly contested batlte the first
year women defeated a strong senior
swimming aggregation yesterday af
ternoon 38 to 20.
The frosli took all but one of the
first places, losing the 50-yard free
style to the seniors. Katherine Doyle,
senior sprinter, was beaten in the
backstroke for the first time in her
swimming career, although the time,
19.2 seconds, did not better her best
mark.
In a hotly contested batlte the first
year women defeated a strong senior
swimming aggregation yesterday af
ternoon 38 to 20.
The frosli took all but one of the
first places, losing the 50-yard free
style to the seniors. Katherine Doyle,
senior sprinter, was beaten in the
backstroke for the first time in her
swimming career, although the time,
19.2 seconds, did not better her best
mark.
In a hotly contested batlte the first
year women defeated a strong senior
swimming aggregation yesterday af
ternoon 38 to 20.
The frosli took all but one of the
first places, losing the 50-yard free
style to the seniors. Katherine Doyle,
senior sprinter, was beaten in the
backstroke for the first time in her
swimming career, although the time,
19.2 seconds, did not better her best
mark.
In a hotly contested batlte the first
year women defeated a strong senior
swimming aggregation yesterday af
ternoon 38 to 20.
The frosli took all but one of the
first places, losing the 50-yard free
style to the seniors. Katherine Doyle,
senior sprinter, was beaten in the
backstroke for the first time in her
swimming career, although the time,
19.2 seconds, did not better her best
mark.
In a hotly contested batlte the first
year women defeated a strong senior
swimming aggregation yesterday af
ternoon 38 to 20.
The frosli took all but one of the
first places, losing the 50-yard free
style to the seniors. Katherine Doyle,
senior sprinter, was beaten in the
backstroke for the first time in her
swimming career, although the time,
19.2 seconds, did not better her best
mark.
In a hotly contested batlte the first
year women defeated a strong senior
swimming aggregation yesterday af
ternoon 38 to 20.
The frosli took all but one of the
first places, losing the 50-yard free
style to the seniors. Katherine Doyle,
senior sprinter, was beaten in the
backstroke for the first time in her
swimming career, although the time,
19.2 seconds, did not better her best
mark.
