# "MODERN TREATMENT OF CANCER" SUBJECT OF COFFEY LECTURE
## 
### 
SAN lEOO, May 9. (Jp)—' "Modern
treatment of cancer" was discussed
this morning by Robert C. Coffey, pro
fessor of surgery at the University of
Oregon, at the final session of the
California Medical Association conven
tion in Coronado.
"I plead for the publication of facts
about cancer, in simple terms, so that
the public will be able to understand
them," said Dr. Coffey in his address.
SAN lEOO, May 9. (Jp)—' "Modern
treatment of cancer" was discussed
this morning by Robert C. Coffey, pro
fessor of surgery at the University of
Oregon, at the final session of the
California Medical Association conven
tion in Coronado.
"I plead for the publication of facts
about cancer, in simple terms, so that
the public will be able to understand
them," said Dr. Coffey in his address.
SAN lEOO, May 9. (Jp)—' "Modern
treatment of cancer" was discussed
this morning by Robert C. Coffey, pro
fessor of surgery at the University of
Oregon, at the final session of the
California Medical Association conven
tion in Coronado.
"I plead for the publication of facts
about cancer, in simple terms, so that
the public will be able to understand
them," said Dr. Coffey in his address.
SAN lEOO, May 9. (Jp)—' "Modern
treatment of cancer" was discussed
this morning by Robert C. Coffey, pro
fessor of surgery at the University of
Oregon, at the final session of the
California Medical Association conven
tion in Coronado.
"I plead for the publication of facts
about cancer, in simple terms, so that
the public will be able to understand
them," said Dr. Coffey in his address.
SAN lEOO, May 9. (Jp)—' "Modern
treatment of cancer" was discussed
this morning by Robert C. Coffey, pro
fessor of surgery at the University of
Oregon, at the final session of the
California Medical Association conven
tion in Coronado.
"I plead for the publication of facts
about cancer, in simple terms, so that
the public will be able to understand
them," said Dr. Coffey in his address.
SAN lEOO, May 9. (Jp)—' "Modern
treatment of cancer" was discussed
this morning by Robert C. Coffey, pro
fessor of surgery at the University of
Oregon, at the final session of the
California Medical Association conven
tion in Coronado.
"I plead for the publication of facts
about cancer, in simple terms, so that
the public will be able to understand
them," said Dr. Coffey in his address.
SAN lEOO, May 9. (Jp)—' "Modern
treatment of cancer" was discussed
this morning by Robert C. Coffey, pro
fessor of surgery at the University of
Oregon, at the final session of the
California Medical Association conven
tion in Coronado.
"I plead for the publication of facts
about cancer, in simple terms, so that
the public will be able to understand
them," said Dr. Coffey in his address.
SAN lEOO, May 9. (Jp)—' "Modern
treatment of cancer" was discussed
this morning by Robert C. Coffey, pro
fessor of surgery at the University of
Oregon, at the final session of the
California Medical Association conven
tion in Coronado.
"I plead for the publication of facts
about cancer, in simple terms, so that
the public will be able to understand
them," said Dr. Coffey in his address.
SAN lEOO, May 9. (Jp)—' "Modern
treatment of cancer" was discussed
this morning by Robert C. Coffey, pro
fessor of surgery at the University of
Oregon, at the final session of the
California Medical Association conven
tion in Coronado.
"I plead for the publication of facts
about cancer, in simple terms, so that
the public will be able to understand
them," said Dr. Coffey in his address.
SAN lEOO, May 9. (Jp)—' "Modern
treatment of cancer" was discussed
this morning by Robert C. Coffey, pro
fessor of surgery at the University of
Oregon, at the final session of the
California Medical Association conven
tion in Coronado.
"I plead for the publication of facts
about cancer, in simple terms, so that
the public will be able to understand
them," said Dr. Coffey in his address.
SAN lEOO, May 9. (Jp)—' "Modern
treatment of cancer" was discussed
this morning by Robert C. Coffey, pro
fessor of surgery at the University of
Oregon, at the final session of the
California Medical Association conven
tion in Coronado.
"I plead for the publication of facts
about cancer, in simple terms, so that
the public will be able to understand
them," said Dr. Coffey in his address.
SAN lEOO, May 9. (Jp)—' "Modern
treatment of cancer" was discussed
this morning by Robert C. Coffey, pro
fessor of surgery at the University of
Oregon, at the final session of the
California Medical Association conven
tion in Coronado.
"I plead for the publication of facts
about cancer, in simple terms, so that
the public will be able to understand
them," said Dr. Coffey in his address.
SAN lEOO, May 9. (Jp)—' "Modern
treatment of cancer" was discussed
this morning by Robert C. Coffey, pro
fessor of surgery at the University of
Oregon, at the final session of the
California Medical Association conven
tion in Coronado.
"I plead for the publication of facts
about cancer, in simple terms, so that
the public will be able to understand
them," said Dr. Coffey in his address.
SAN lEOO, May 9. (Jp)—' "Modern
treatment of cancer" was discussed
this morning by Robert C. Coffey, pro
fessor of surgery at the University of
Oregon, at the final session of the
California Medical Association conven
tion in Coronado.
"I plead for the publication of facts
about cancer, in simple terms, so that
the public will be able to understand
them," said Dr. Coffey in his address.
SAN lEOO, May 9. (Jp)—' "Modern
treatment of cancer" was discussed
this morning by Robert C. Coffey, pro
fessor of surgery at the University of
Oregon, at the final session of the
California Medical Association conven
tion in Coronado.
"I plead for the publication of facts
about cancer, in simple terms, so that
the public will be able to understand
them," said Dr. Coffey in his address.
SAN lEOO, May 9. (Jp)—' "Modern
treatment of cancer" was discussed
this morning by Robert C. Coffey, pro
fessor of surgery at the University of
Oregon, at the final session of the
California Medical Association conven
tion in Coronado.
"I plead for the publication of facts
about cancer, in simple terms, so that
the public will be able to understand
them," said Dr. Coffey in his address.
