# JUNIORS WILL OPEN ANNUAL FESTIVITIES WITH PROM TONIGHT
## 
### 
Three hundred and fifteen cou
ples will open Junior Week fes
tivities when they gather tonight
at the junior prom to dance to
the syncopation of Jack Swales'
Berkeley band. Tuneful music,
novel refreshments, and unusual
decorations will make this an
outstanding Prom.
Black and silver silhouettes,
featuring John Held, Jr., charac
ters and depicting every phase
of campus life, will panel the
Pavilion. Half-tone lighting ef
fects, rivaling the rainbow for
variety of color, will illuminate
the hall.
Individual ice creams, wafers,
and punch will be served to the
merrymakers. The programs,
which follow the silhouette idea,
will also lend an individual touch
to the dance.
Festivities will continue tomor
row with water sports in the
morning and the opera, "Moving
On," at night.
Three hundred and fifteen cou
ples will open Junior Week fes
tivities when they gather tonight
at the junior prom to dance to
the syncopation of Jack Swales'
Berkeley band. Tuneful music,
novel refreshments, and unusual
decorations will make this an
outstanding Prom.
Black and silver silhouettes,
featuring John Held, Jr., charac
ters and depicting every phase
of campus life, will panel the
Pavilion. Half-tone lighting ef
fects, rivaling the rainbow for
variety of color, will illuminate
the hall.
Individual ice creams, wafers,
and punch will be served to the
merrymakers. The programs,
which follow the silhouette idea,
will also lend an individual touch
to the dance.
Festivities will continue tomor
row with water sports in the
morning and the opera, "Moving
On," at night.
Three hundred and fifteen cou
ples will open Junior Week fes
tivities when they gather tonight
at the junior prom to dance to
the syncopation of Jack Swales'
Berkeley band. Tuneful music,
novel refreshments, and unusual
decorations will make this an
outstanding Prom.
Black and silver silhouettes,
featuring John Held, Jr., charac
ters and depicting every phase
of campus life, will panel the
Pavilion. Half-tone lighting ef
fects, rivaling the rainbow for
variety of color, will illuminate
the hall.
Individual ice creams, wafers,
and punch will be served to the
merrymakers. The programs,
which follow the silhouette idea,
will also lend an individual touch
to the dance.
Festivities will continue tomor
row with water sports in the
morning and the opera, "Moving
On," at night.
Three hundred and fifteen cou
ples will open Junior Week fes
tivities when they gather tonight
at the junior prom to dance to
the syncopation of Jack Swales'
Berkeley band. Tuneful music,
novel refreshments, and unusual
decorations will make this an
outstanding Prom.
Black and silver silhouettes,
featuring John Held, Jr., charac
ters and depicting every phase
of campus life, will panel the
Pavilion. Half-tone lighting ef
fects, rivaling the rainbow for
variety of color, will illuminate
the hall.
Individual ice creams, wafers,
and punch will be served to the
merrymakers. The programs,
which follow the silhouette idea,
will also lend an individual touch
to the dance.
Festivities will continue tomor
row with water sports in the
morning and the opera, "Moving
On," at night.
Three hundred and fifteen cou
ples will open Junior Week fes
tivities when they gather tonight
at the junior prom to dance to
the syncopation of Jack Swales'
Berkeley band. Tuneful music,
novel refreshments, and unusual
decorations will make this an
outstanding Prom.
Black and silver silhouettes,
featuring John Held, Jr., charac
ters and depicting every phase
of campus life, will panel the
Pavilion. Half-tone lighting ef
fects, rivaling the rainbow for
variety of color, will illuminate
the hall.
Individual ice creams, wafers,
and punch will be served to the
merrymakers. The programs,
which follow the silhouette idea,
will also lend an individual touch
to the dance.
Festivities will continue tomor
row with water sports in the
morning and the opera, "Moving
On," at night.
Three hundred and fifteen cou
ples will open Junior Week fes
tivities when they gather tonight
at the junior prom to dance to
the syncopation of Jack Swales'
Berkeley band. Tuneful music,
novel refreshments, and unusual
decorations will make this an
outstanding Prom.
Black and silver silhouettes,
featuring John Held, Jr., charac
ters and depicting every phase
of campus life, will panel the
Pavilion. Half-tone lighting ef
fects, rivaling the rainbow for
variety of color, will illuminate
the hall.
Individual ice creams, wafers,
and punch will be served to the
merrymakers. The programs,
which follow the silhouette idea,
will also lend an individual touch
to the dance.
Festivities will continue tomor
row with water sports in the
morning and the opera, "Moving
On," at night.
Three hundred and fifteen cou
ples will open Junior Week fes
tivities when they gather tonight
at the junior prom to dance to
the syncopation of Jack Swales'
Berkeley band. Tuneful music,
novel refreshments, and unusual
decorations will make this an
outstanding Prom.
Black and silver silhouettes,
featuring John Held, Jr., charac
ters and depicting every phase
of campus life, will panel the
Pavilion. Half-tone lighting ef
fects, rivaling the rainbow for
variety of color, will illuminate
the hall.
Individual ice creams, wafers,
and punch will be served to the
merrymakers. The programs,
which follow the silhouette idea,
will also lend an individual touch
to the dance.
Festivities will continue tomor
row with water sports in the
morning and the opera, "Moving
On," at night.
Three hundred and fifteen cou
ples will open Junior Week fes
tivities when they gather tonight
at the junior prom to dance to
the syncopation of Jack Swales'
Berkeley band. Tuneful music,
novel refreshments, and unusual
decorations will make this an
outstanding Prom.
Black and silver silhouettes,
featuring John Held, Jr., charac
ters and depicting every phase
of campus life, will panel the
Pavilion. Half-tone lighting ef
fects, rivaling the rainbow for
variety of color, will illuminate
the hall.
Individual ice creams, wafers,
and punch will be served to the
merrymakers. The programs,
which follow the silhouette idea,
will also lend an individual touch
to the dance.
Festivities will continue tomor
row with water sports in the
morning and the opera, "Moving
On," at night.
Three hundred and fifteen cou
ples will open Junior Week fes
tivities when they gather tonight
at the junior prom to dance to
the syncopation of Jack Swales'
Berkeley band. Tuneful music,
novel refreshments, and unusual
decorations will make this an
outstanding Prom.
Black and silver silhouettes,
featuring John Held, Jr., charac
ters and depicting every phase
of campus life, will panel the
Pavilion. Half-tone lighting ef
fects, rivaling the rainbow for
variety of color, will illuminate
the hall.
Individual ice creams, wafers,
and punch will be served to the
merrymakers. The programs,
which follow the silhouette idea,
will also lend an individual touch
to the dance.
Festivities will continue tomor
row with water sports in the
morning and the opera, "Moving
On," at night.
Three hundred and fifteen cou
ples will open Junior Week fes
tivities when they gather tonight
at the junior prom to dance to
the syncopation of Jack Swales'
Berkeley band. Tuneful music,
novel refreshments, and unusual
decorations will make this an
outstanding Prom.
Black and silver silhouettes,
featuring John Held, Jr., charac
ters and depicting every phase
of campus life, will panel the
Pavilion. Half-tone lighting ef
fects, rivaling the rainbow for
variety of color, will illuminate
the hall.
Individual ice creams, wafers,
and punch will be served to the
merrymakers. The programs,
which follow the silhouette idea,
will also lend an individual touch
to the dance.
Festivities will continue tomor
row with water sports in the
morning and the opera, "Moving
On," at night.
Three hundred and fifteen cou
ples will open Junior Week fes
tivities when they gather tonight
at the junior prom to dance to
the syncopation of Jack Swales'
Berkeley band. Tuneful music,
novel refreshments, and unusual
decorations will make this an
outstanding Prom.
Black and silver silhouettes,
featuring John Held, Jr., charac
ters and depicting every phase
of campus life, will panel the
Pavilion. Half-tone lighting ef
fects, rivaling the rainbow for
variety of color, will illuminate
the hall.
Individual ice creams, wafers,
and punch will be served to the
merrymakers. The programs,
which follow the silhouette idea,
will also lend an individual touch
to the dance.
Festivities will continue tomor
row with water sports in the
morning and the opera, "Moving
On," at night.
Three hundred and fifteen cou
ples will open Junior Week fes
tivities when they gather tonight
at the junior prom to dance to
the syncopation of Jack Swales'
Berkeley band. Tuneful music,
novel refreshments, and unusual
decorations will make this an
outstanding Prom.
Black and silver silhouettes,
featuring John Held, Jr., charac
ters and depicting every phase
of campus life, will panel the
Pavilion. Half-tone lighting ef
fects, rivaling the rainbow for
variety of color, will illuminate
the hall.
Individual ice creams, wafers,
and punch will be served to the
merrymakers. The programs,
which follow the silhouette idea,
will also lend an individual touch
to the dance.
Festivities will continue tomor
row with water sports in the
morning and the opera, "Moving
On," at night.
Three hundred and fifteen cou
ples will open Junior Week fes
tivities when they gather tonight
at the junior prom to dance to
the syncopation of Jack Swales'
Berkeley band. Tuneful music,
novel refreshments, and unusual
decorations will make this an
outstanding Prom.
Black and silver silhouettes,
featuring John Held, Jr., charac
ters and depicting every phase
of campus life, will panel the
Pavilion. Half-tone lighting ef
fects, rivaling the rainbow for
variety of color, will illuminate
the hall.
Individual ice creams, wafers,
and punch will be served to the
merrymakers. The programs,
which follow the silhouette idea,
will also lend an individual touch
to the dance.
Festivities will continue tomor
row with water sports in the
morning and the opera, "Moving
On," at night.
Three hundred and fifteen cou
ples will open Junior Week fes
tivities when they gather tonight
at the junior prom to dance to
the syncopation of Jack Swales'
Berkeley band. Tuneful music,
novel refreshments, and unusual
decorations will make this an
outstanding Prom.
Black and silver silhouettes,
featuring John Held, Jr., charac
ters and depicting every phase
of campus life, will panel the
Pavilion. Half-tone lighting ef
fects, rivaling the rainbow for
variety of color, will illuminate
the hall.
Individual ice creams, wafers,
and punch will be served to the
merrymakers. The programs,
which follow the silhouette idea,
will also lend an individual touch
to the dance.
Festivities will continue tomor
row with water sports in the
morning and the opera, "Moving
On," at night.
Three hundred and fifteen cou
ples will open Junior Week fes
tivities when they gather tonight
at the junior prom to dance to
the syncopation of Jack Swales'
Berkeley band. Tuneful music,
novel refreshments, and unusual
decorations will make this an
outstanding Prom.
Black and silver silhouettes,
featuring John Held, Jr., charac
ters and depicting every phase
of campus life, will panel the
Pavilion. Half-tone lighting ef
fects, rivaling the rainbow for
variety of color, will illuminate
the hall.
Individual ice creams, wafers,
and punch will be served to the
merrymakers. The programs,
which follow the silhouette idea,
will also lend an individual touch
to the dance.
Festivities will continue tomor
row with water sports in the
morning and the opera, "Moving
On," at night.
Three hundred and fifteen cou
ples will open Junior Week fes
tivities when they gather tonight
at the junior prom to dance to
the syncopation of Jack Swales'
Berkeley band. Tuneful music,
novel refreshments, and unusual
decorations will make this an
outstanding Prom.
Black and silver silhouettes,
featuring John Held, Jr., charac
ters and depicting every phase
of campus life, will panel the
Pavilion. Half-tone lighting ef
fects, rivaling the rainbow for
variety of color, will illuminate
the hall.
Individual ice creams, wafers,
and punch will be served to the
merrymakers. The programs,
which follow the silhouette idea,
will also lend an individual touch
to the dance.
Festivities will continue tomor
row with water sports in the
morning and the opera, "Moving
On," at night.
