# Briefly...
## 
### 
News staff meeting
All Daily staffers are urged to attend an official
news department meeting at 4:15 Wednesday
afternoon. All those attending will be en
lightened to their obligations toward the Daily
News staff meeting
All Daily staffers are urged to attend an official
news department meeting at 4:15 Wednesday
afternoon. All those attending will be en
lightened to their obligations toward the Daily
News staff meeting
All Daily staffers are urged to attend an official
news department meeting at 4:15 Wednesday
afternoon. All those attending will be en
lightened to their obligations toward the Daily
News staff meeting
All Daily staffers are urged to attend an official
news department meeting at 4:15 Wednesday
afternoon. All those attending will be en
lightened to their obligations toward the Daily
News staff meeting
All Daily staffers are urged to attend an official
news department meeting at 4:15 Wednesday
afternoon. All those attending will be en
lightened to their obligations toward the Daily
News staff meeting
All Daily staffers are urged to attend an official
news department meeting at 4:15 Wednesday
afternoon. All those attending will be en
lightened to their obligations toward the Daily
News staff meeting
All Daily staffers are urged to attend an official
news department meeting at 4:15 Wednesday
afternoon. All those attending will be en
lightened to their obligations toward the Daily
News staff meeting
All Daily staffers are urged to attend an official
news department meeting at 4:15 Wednesday
afternoon. All those attending will be en
lightened to their obligations toward the Daily
News staff meeting
All Daily staffers are urged to attend an official
news department meeting at 4:15 Wednesday
afternoon. All those attending will be en
lightened to their obligations toward the Daily
News staff meeting
All Daily staffers are urged to attend an official
news department meeting at 4:15 Wednesday
afternoon. All those attending will be en
lightened to their obligations toward the Daily
News staff meeting
All Daily staffers are urged to attend an official
news department meeting at 4:15 Wednesday
afternoon. All those attending will be en
lightened to their obligations toward the Daily
News staff meeting
All Daily staffers are urged to attend an official
news department meeting at 4:15 Wednesday
afternoon. All those attending will be en
lightened to their obligations toward the Daily
News staff meeting
All Daily staffers are urged to attend an official
news department meeting at 4:15 Wednesday
afternoon. All those attending will be en
lightened to their obligations toward the Daily
News staff meeting
All Daily staffers are urged to attend an official
news department meeting at 4:15 Wednesday
afternoon. All those attending will be en
lightened to their obligations toward the Daily
