# PROFESSOR ANDERSON WILL SPEAK TONIGHT
## 
### 
Professor Frederick Anderson of tin
Romanic Languages Department will ad
dress an open meeting of the Renais
sance Club tonight at 8:30 in the
Women's Clubhouse. He has chosen for
his subject "The Renaissance City-
States of Italv."
Professor Frederick Anderson of tin
Romanic Languages Department will ad
dress an open meeting of the Renais
sance Club tonight at 8:30 in the
Women's Clubhouse. He has chosen for
his subject "The Renaissance City-
States of Italv."
Professor Frederick Anderson of tin
Romanic Languages Department will ad
dress an open meeting of the Renais
sance Club tonight at 8:30 in the
Women's Clubhouse. He has chosen for
his subject "The Renaissance City-
States of Italv."
Professor Frederick Anderson of tin
Romanic Languages Department will ad
dress an open meeting of the Renais
sance Club tonight at 8:30 in the
Women's Clubhouse. He has chosen for
his subject "The Renaissance City-
States of Italv."
Professor Frederick Anderson of tin
Romanic Languages Department will ad
dress an open meeting of the Renais
sance Club tonight at 8:30 in the
Women's Clubhouse. He has chosen for
his subject "The Renaissance City-
States of Italv."
Professor Frederick Anderson of tin
Romanic Languages Department will ad
dress an open meeting of the Renais
sance Club tonight at 8:30 in the
Women's Clubhouse. He has chosen for
his subject "The Renaissance City-
States of Italv."
Professor Frederick Anderson of tin
Romanic Languages Department will ad
dress an open meeting of the Renais
sance Club tonight at 8:30 in the
Women's Clubhouse. He has chosen for
his subject "The Renaissance City-
States of Italv."
Professor Frederick Anderson of tin
Romanic Languages Department will ad
dress an open meeting of the Renais
sance Club tonight at 8:30 in the
Women's Clubhouse. He has chosen for
his subject "The Renaissance City-
States of Italv."
Professor Frederick Anderson of tin
Romanic Languages Department will ad
dress an open meeting of the Renais
sance Club tonight at 8:30 in the
Women's Clubhouse. He has chosen for
his subject "The Renaissance City-
States of Italv."
Professor Frederick Anderson of tin
Romanic Languages Department will ad
dress an open meeting of the Renais
sance Club tonight at 8:30 in the
Women's Clubhouse. He has chosen for
his subject "The Renaissance City-
States of Italv."
Professor Frederick Anderson of tin
Romanic Languages Department will ad
dress an open meeting of the Renais
sance Club tonight at 8:30 in the
Women's Clubhouse. He has chosen for
his subject "The Renaissance City-
States of Italv."
Professor Frederick Anderson of tin
Romanic Languages Department will ad
dress an open meeting of the Renais
sance Club tonight at 8:30 in the
Women's Clubhouse. He has chosen for
his subject "The Renaissance City-
States of Italv."
Professor Frederick Anderson of tin
Romanic Languages Department will ad
dress an open meeting of the Renais
sance Club tonight at 8:30 in the
Women's Clubhouse. He has chosen for
his subject "The Renaissance City-
States of Italv."
