# SOPHOMORE WOMEN WIN HEY TOURNEY
## 
### 
In the initial game of the final women's
hockey tournament last Friday, the
sophomores defeated the freshmen with
a score of 3 to 1. The field was in no
condition for the other games scheduled
for the week due to the heavy rains
which prevented practice as well. The.
'24 team played all around the freshmen
in the first half with its characteristic
highly developed teamwork and fast
play. Constance Tamplin, carrying out
the duties of left inside, did some fine
dribbling, and shot three goals. Not un
til the second half did the first-year
women score when Doris Barter, '25,
center forward, made fast passes and got
the ball into the goal. They were un
able to score again but put up a good
defense against the sophomores. The
second-year lineup shows a few changes
from that of the intercollegiate games.
Eunice Riddle, rw; Ruth Newlin, ri;
Isabelle Muzzey, cf; Constance Tamp
lin, li; Ruth Jameson, lw; Gefaldinc
Franklin, rh ; Alice Roth, ch; Josephine
Franklin, lh; Ellowene Dclahoyde, rfb;
Helen Schardin, Ifb; Carol Hyde, goaler.
The senior and freshman teams will
contest this afternoon. Their second
teams arc scheduled to meet each other
Tuesday preceded, by the junior sopho
more game.
In the initial game of the final women's
hockey tournament last Friday, the
sophomores defeated the freshmen with
a score of 3 to 1. The field was in no
condition for the other games scheduled
for the week due to the heavy rains
which prevented practice as well. The.
'24 team played all around the freshmen
in the first half with its characteristic
highly developed teamwork and fast
play. Constance Tamplin, carrying out
the duties of left inside, did some fine
dribbling, and shot three goals. Not un
til the second half did the first-year
women score when Doris Barter, '25,
center forward, made fast passes and got
the ball into the goal. They were un
able to score again but put up a good
defense against the sophomores. The
second-year lineup shows a few changes
from that of the intercollegiate games.
Eunice Riddle, rw; Ruth Newlin, ri;
Isabelle Muzzey, cf; Constance Tamp
lin, li; Ruth Jameson, lw; Gefaldinc
Franklin, rh ; Alice Roth, ch; Josephine
Franklin, lh; Ellowene Dclahoyde, rfb;
Helen Schardin, Ifb; Carol Hyde, goaler.
The senior and freshman teams will
contest this afternoon. Their second
teams arc scheduled to meet each other
Tuesday preceded, by the junior sopho
more game.
In the initial game of the final women's
hockey tournament last Friday, the
sophomores defeated the freshmen with
a score of 3 to 1. The field was in no
condition for the other games scheduled
for the week due to the heavy rains
which prevented practice as well. The.
'24 team played all around the freshmen
in the first half with its characteristic
highly developed teamwork and fast
play. Constance Tamplin, carrying out
the duties of left inside, did some fine
dribbling, and shot three goals. Not un
til the second half did the first-year
women score when Doris Barter, '25,
center forward, made fast passes and got
the ball into the goal. They were un
able to score again but put up a good
defense against the sophomores. The
second-year lineup shows a few changes
from that of the intercollegiate games.
Eunice Riddle, rw; Ruth Newlin, ri;
Isabelle Muzzey, cf; Constance Tamp
lin, li; Ruth Jameson, lw; Gefaldinc
Franklin, rh ; Alice Roth, ch; Josephine
Franklin, lh; Ellowene Dclahoyde, rfb;
Helen Schardin, Ifb; Carol Hyde, goaler.
The senior and freshman teams will
contest this afternoon. Their second
teams arc scheduled to meet each other
Tuesday preceded, by the junior sopho
more game.
In the initial game of the final women's
hockey tournament last Friday, the
sophomores defeated the freshmen with
a score of 3 to 1. The field was in no
condition for the other games scheduled
for the week due to the heavy rains
which prevented practice as well. The.
'24 team played all around the freshmen
in the first half with its characteristic
highly developed teamwork and fast
play. Constance Tamplin, carrying out
the duties of left inside, did some fine
dribbling, and shot three goals. Not un
til the second half did the first-year
women score when Doris Barter, '25,
center forward, made fast passes and got
the ball into the goal. They were un
able to score again but put up a good
defense against the sophomores. The
second-year lineup shows a few changes
from that of the intercollegiate games.
Eunice Riddle, rw; Ruth Newlin, ri;
Isabelle Muzzey, cf; Constance Tamp
lin, li; Ruth Jameson, lw; Gefaldinc
Franklin, rh ; Alice Roth, ch; Josephine
Franklin, lh; Ellowene Dclahoyde, rfb;
Helen Schardin, Ifb; Carol Hyde, goaler.
The senior and freshman teams will
contest this afternoon. Their second
teams arc scheduled to meet each other
Tuesday preceded, by the junior sopho
more game.
In the initial game of the final women's
hockey tournament last Friday, the
sophomores defeated the freshmen with
a score of 3 to 1. The field was in no
condition for the other games scheduled
for the week due to the heavy rains
which prevented practice as well. The.
'24 team played all around the freshmen
in the first half with its characteristic
highly developed teamwork and fast
play. Constance Tamplin, carrying out
the duties of left inside, did some fine
dribbling, and shot three goals. Not un
til the second half did the first-year
women score when Doris Barter, '25,
center forward, made fast passes and got
the ball into the goal. They were un
able to score again but put up a good
defense against the sophomores. The
second-year lineup shows a few changes
from that of the intercollegiate games.
Eunice Riddle, rw; Ruth Newlin, ri;
Isabelle Muzzey, cf; Constance Tamp
lin, li; Ruth Jameson, lw; Gefaldinc
Franklin, rh ; Alice Roth, ch; Josephine
Franklin, lh; Ellowene Dclahoyde, rfb;
Helen Schardin, Ifb; Carol Hyde, goaler.
The senior and freshman teams will
contest this afternoon. Their second
teams arc scheduled to meet each other
Tuesday preceded, by the junior sopho
more game.
In the initial game of the final women's
hockey tournament last Friday, the
sophomores defeated the freshmen with
a score of 3 to 1. The field was in no
condition for the other games scheduled
for the week due to the heavy rains
which prevented practice as well. The.
'24 team played all around the freshmen
in the first half with its characteristic
highly developed teamwork and fast
play. Constance Tamplin, carrying out
the duties of left inside, did some fine
dribbling, and shot three goals. Not un
til the second half did the first-year
women score when Doris Barter, '25,
center forward, made fast passes and got
the ball into the goal. They were un
able to score again but put up a good
defense against the sophomores. The
second-year lineup shows a few changes
from that of the intercollegiate games.
Eunice Riddle, rw; Ruth Newlin, ri;
Isabelle Muzzey, cf; Constance Tamp
lin, li; Ruth Jameson, lw; Gefaldinc
Franklin, rh ; Alice Roth, ch; Josephine
Franklin, lh; Ellowene Dclahoyde, rfb;
Helen Schardin, Ifb; Carol Hyde, goaler.
The senior and freshman teams will
contest this afternoon. Their second
teams arc scheduled to meet each other
Tuesday preceded, by the junior sopho
more game.
In the initial game of the final women's
hockey tournament last Friday, the
sophomores defeated the freshmen with
a score of 3 to 1. The field was in no
condition for the other games scheduled
for the week due to the heavy rains
which prevented practice as well. The.
'24 team played all around the freshmen
in the first half with its characteristic
highly developed teamwork and fast
play. Constance Tamplin, carrying out
the duties of left inside, did some fine
dribbling, and shot three goals. Not un
til the second half did the first-year
women score when Doris Barter, '25,
center forward, made fast passes and got
the ball into the goal. They were un
able to score again but put up a good
defense against the sophomores. The
second-year lineup shows a few changes
from that of the intercollegiate games.
Eunice Riddle, rw; Ruth Newlin, ri;
Isabelle Muzzey, cf; Constance Tamp
lin, li; Ruth Jameson, lw; Gefaldinc
Franklin, rh ; Alice Roth, ch; Josephine
Franklin, lh; Ellowene Dclahoyde, rfb;
Helen Schardin, Ifb; Carol Hyde, goaler.
The senior and freshman teams will
contest this afternoon. Their second
teams arc scheduled to meet each other
Tuesday preceded, by the junior sopho
more game.
In the initial game of the final women's
hockey tournament last Friday, the
sophomores defeated the freshmen with
a score of 3 to 1. The field was in no
condition for the other games scheduled
for the week due to the heavy rains
which prevented practice as well. The.
'24 team played all around the freshmen
in the first half with its characteristic
highly developed teamwork and fast
play. Constance Tamplin, carrying out
the duties of left inside, did some fine
dribbling, and shot three goals. Not un
til the second half did the first-year
women score when Doris Barter, '25,
center forward, made fast passes and got
the ball into the goal. They were un
able to score again but put up a good
defense against the sophomores. The
second-year lineup shows a few changes
from that of the intercollegiate games.
Eunice Riddle, rw; Ruth Newlin, ri;
Isabelle Muzzey, cf; Constance Tamp
lin, li; Ruth Jameson, lw; Gefaldinc
Franklin, rh ; Alice Roth, ch; Josephine
Franklin, lh; Ellowene Dclahoyde, rfb;
Helen Schardin, Ifb; Carol Hyde, goaler.
The senior and freshman teams will
contest this afternoon. Their second
teams arc scheduled to meet each other
Tuesday preceded, by the junior sopho
more game.
In the initial game of the final women's
hockey tournament last Friday, the
sophomores defeated the freshmen with
a score of 3 to 1. The field was in no
condition for the other games scheduled
for the week due to the heavy rains
which prevented practice as well. The.
'24 team played all around the freshmen
in the first half with its characteristic
highly developed teamwork and fast
play. Constance Tamplin, carrying out
the duties of left inside, did some fine
dribbling, and shot three goals. Not un
til the second half did the first-year
women score when Doris Barter, '25,
center forward, made fast passes and got
the ball into the goal. They were un
able to score again but put up a good
defense against the sophomores. The
second-year lineup shows a few changes
from that of the intercollegiate games.
Eunice Riddle, rw; Ruth Newlin, ri;
Isabelle Muzzey, cf; Constance Tamp
lin, li; Ruth Jameson, lw; Gefaldinc
Franklin, rh ; Alice Roth, ch; Josephine
Franklin, lh; Ellowene Dclahoyde, rfb;
Helen Schardin, Ifb; Carol Hyde, goaler.
The senior and freshman teams will
contest this afternoon. Their second
teams arc scheduled to meet each other
Tuesday preceded, by the junior sopho
more game.
In the initial game of the final women's
hockey tournament last Friday, the
sophomores defeated the freshmen with
a score of 3 to 1. The field was in no
condition for the other games scheduled
for the week due to the heavy rains
which prevented practice as well. The.
'24 team played all around the freshmen
in the first half with its characteristic
highly developed teamwork and fast
play. Constance Tamplin, carrying out
the duties of left inside, did some fine
dribbling, and shot three goals. Not un
til the second half did the first-year
women score when Doris Barter, '25,
center forward, made fast passes and got
the ball into the goal. They were un
able to score again but put up a good
defense against the sophomores. The
second-year lineup shows a few changes
from that of the intercollegiate games.
Eunice Riddle, rw; Ruth Newlin, ri;
Isabelle Muzzey, cf; Constance Tamp
lin, li; Ruth Jameson, lw; Gefaldinc
Franklin, rh ; Alice Roth, ch; Josephine
Franklin, lh; Ellowene Dclahoyde, rfb;
Helen Schardin, Ifb; Carol Hyde, goaler.
The senior and freshman teams will
contest this afternoon. Their second
teams arc scheduled to meet each other
Tuesday preceded, by the junior sopho
more game.
In the initial game of the final women's
hockey tournament last Friday, the
sophomores defeated the freshmen with
a score of 3 to 1. The field was in no
condition for the other games scheduled
for the week due to the heavy rains
which prevented practice as well. The.
'24 team played all around the freshmen
in the first half with its characteristic
highly developed teamwork and fast
play. Constance Tamplin, carrying out
the duties of left inside, did some fine
dribbling, and shot three goals. Not un
til the second half did the first-year
women score when Doris Barter, '25,
center forward, made fast passes and got
the ball into the goal. They were un
able to score again but put up a good
defense against the sophomores. The
second-year lineup shows a few changes
from that of the intercollegiate games.
Eunice Riddle, rw; Ruth Newlin, ri;
Isabelle Muzzey, cf; Constance Tamp
lin, li; Ruth Jameson, lw; Gefaldinc
Franklin, rh ; Alice Roth, ch; Josephine
Franklin, lh; Ellowene Dclahoyde, rfb;
Helen Schardin, Ifb; Carol Hyde, goaler.
The senior and freshman teams will
contest this afternoon. Their second
teams arc scheduled to meet each other
Tuesday preceded, by the junior sopho
more game.
In the initial game of the final women's
hockey tournament last Friday, the
sophomores defeated the freshmen with
a score of 3 to 1. The field was in no
condition for the other games scheduled
for the week due to the heavy rains
which prevented practice as well. The.
'24 team played all around the freshmen
in the first half with its characteristic
highly developed teamwork and fast
play. Constance Tamplin, carrying out
the duties of left inside, did some fine
dribbling, and shot three goals. Not un
til the second half did the first-year
women score when Doris Barter, '25,
center forward, made fast passes and got
the ball into the goal. They were un
able to score again but put up a good
defense against the sophomores. The
second-year lineup shows a few changes
from that of the intercollegiate games.
Eunice Riddle, rw; Ruth Newlin, ri;
Isabelle Muzzey, cf; Constance Tamp
lin, li; Ruth Jameson, lw; Gefaldinc
Franklin, rh ; Alice Roth, ch; Josephine
Franklin, lh; Ellowene Dclahoyde, rfb;
Helen Schardin, Ifb; Carol Hyde, goaler.
The senior and freshman teams will
contest this afternoon. Their second
teams arc scheduled to meet each other
Tuesday preceded, by the junior sopho
more game.
In the initial game of the final women's
hockey tournament last Friday, the
sophomores defeated the freshmen with
a score of 3 to 1. The field was in no
condition for the other games scheduled
for the week due to the heavy rains
which prevented practice as well. The.
'24 team played all around the freshmen
in the first half with its characteristic
highly developed teamwork and fast
play. Constance Tamplin, carrying out
the duties of left inside, did some fine
dribbling, and shot three goals. Not un
til the second half did the first-year
women score when Doris Barter, '25,
center forward, made fast passes and got
the ball into the goal. They were un
able to score again but put up a good
defense against the sophomores. The
second-year lineup shows a few changes
from that of the intercollegiate games.
Eunice Riddle, rw; Ruth Newlin, ri;
Isabelle Muzzey, cf; Constance Tamp
lin, li; Ruth Jameson, lw; Gefaldinc
Franklin, rh ; Alice Roth, ch; Josephine
Franklin, lh; Ellowene Dclahoyde, rfb;
Helen Schardin, Ifb; Carol Hyde, goaler.
The senior and freshman teams will
contest this afternoon. Their second
teams arc scheduled to meet each other
Tuesday preceded, by the junior sopho
more game.
