# Lick Loses to Palo Alto High School Grid Squad
## 
### 
The Palo Alto High School football
team defeated the Lick - Wilmerding
eleven in the semi-finals for the
championship of Northern California,
at Ewing Feld, last Saturday, by a 14
to 7 score.
By winning this game Palo Alto won
the right to meet Berkeley High for
the semi-finals in the championship
race of Northern California. This
game will be played next Saturday,
the winner of which will meet Sac
ramento High School.
The Palo Alto High School football
team defeated the Lick - Wilmerding
eleven in the semi-finals for the
championship of Northern California,
at Ewing Feld, last Saturday, by a 14
to 7 score.
By winning this game Palo Alto won
the right to meet Berkeley High for
the semi-finals in the championship
race of Northern California. This
game will be played next Saturday,
the winner of which will meet Sac
ramento High School.
The Palo Alto High School football
team defeated the Lick - Wilmerding
eleven in the semi-finals for the
championship of Northern California,
at Ewing Feld, last Saturday, by a 14
to 7 score.
By winning this game Palo Alto won
the right to meet Berkeley High for
the semi-finals in the championship
race of Northern California. This
game will be played next Saturday,
the winner of which will meet Sac
ramento High School.
The Palo Alto High School football
team defeated the Lick - Wilmerding
eleven in the semi-finals for the
championship of Northern California,
at Ewing Feld, last Saturday, by a 14
to 7 score.
By winning this game Palo Alto won
the right to meet Berkeley High for
the semi-finals in the championship
race of Northern California. This
game will be played next Saturday,
the winner of which will meet Sac
ramento High School.
The Palo Alto High School football
team defeated the Lick - Wilmerding
eleven in the semi-finals for the
championship of Northern California,
at Ewing Feld, last Saturday, by a 14
to 7 score.
By winning this game Palo Alto won
the right to meet Berkeley High for
the semi-finals in the championship
race of Northern California. This
game will be played next Saturday,
the winner of which will meet Sac
ramento High School.
The Palo Alto High School football
team defeated the Lick - Wilmerding
eleven in the semi-finals for the
championship of Northern California,
at Ewing Feld, last Saturday, by a 14
to 7 score.
By winning this game Palo Alto won
the right to meet Berkeley High for
the semi-finals in the championship
race of Northern California. This
game will be played next Saturday,
the winner of which will meet Sac
ramento High School.
The Palo Alto High School football
team defeated the Lick - Wilmerding
eleven in the semi-finals for the
championship of Northern California,
at Ewing Feld, last Saturday, by a 14
to 7 score.
By winning this game Palo Alto won
the right to meet Berkeley High for
the semi-finals in the championship
race of Northern California. This
game will be played next Saturday,
the winner of which will meet Sac
ramento High School.
The Palo Alto High School football
team defeated the Lick - Wilmerding
eleven in the semi-finals for the
championship of Northern California,
at Ewing Feld, last Saturday, by a 14
to 7 score.
By winning this game Palo Alto won
the right to meet Berkeley High for
the semi-finals in the championship
race of Northern California. This
game will be played next Saturday,
the winner of which will meet Sac
ramento High School.
The Palo Alto High School football
team defeated the Lick - Wilmerding
eleven in the semi-finals for the
championship of Northern California,
at Ewing Feld, last Saturday, by a 14
to 7 score.
By winning this game Palo Alto won
the right to meet Berkeley High for
the semi-finals in the championship
race of Northern California. This
game will be played next Saturday,
the winner of which will meet Sac
ramento High School.
The Palo Alto High School football
team defeated the Lick - Wilmerding
eleven in the semi-finals for the
championship of Northern California,
at Ewing Feld, last Saturday, by a 14
to 7 score.
By winning this game Palo Alto won
the right to meet Berkeley High for
the semi-finals in the championship
race of Northern California. This
game will be played next Saturday,
the winner of which will meet Sac
ramento High School.
The Palo Alto High School football
team defeated the Lick - Wilmerding
eleven in the semi-finals for the
championship of Northern California,
at Ewing Feld, last Saturday, by a 14
to 7 score.
By winning this game Palo Alto won
the right to meet Berkeley High for
the semi-finals in the championship
race of Northern California. This
game will be played next Saturday,
the winner of which will meet Sac
ramento High School.
The Palo Alto High School football
team defeated the Lick - Wilmerding
eleven in the semi-finals for the
championship of Northern California,
at Ewing Feld, last Saturday, by a 14
to 7 score.
By winning this game Palo Alto won
the right to meet Berkeley High for
the semi-finals in the championship
race of Northern California. This
game will be played next Saturday,
the winner of which will meet Sac
ramento High School.
The Palo Alto High School football
team defeated the Lick - Wilmerding
eleven in the semi-finals for the
championship of Northern California,
at Ewing Feld, last Saturday, by a 14
to 7 score.
By winning this game Palo Alto won
the right to meet Berkeley High for
the semi-finals in the championship
race of Northern California. This
game will be played next Saturday,
the winner of which will meet Sac
ramento High School.
