# Lagunita
## 
### 
The "'S.S. Lagunita" Informal will
be a hon voyage for the soldiers who
will be leaving soon, according to :
Marilynn Blundell, co-chairman of
decorations.
Lagunitans and guests will ascend
the gang plank at the Women's Club
house Saturday, March 4 at 9 ,
p.m. Soft blue lights and a yellow
moon will light the "S.S. Lagunita."
Fred Dutton and his 10-piece band
will come in some type of seafaring
costume.
Marilynn Blundell and Norma j
Trevarrow are co-chairmen of dec
orations.
The informal dance is open only j
to Lagunita and Ventura girls and
their guests. Tickets have been sell
ing very rapidly, according to Joyce
Costello, general chairman. She !
urges all girls wishing to attend the j
dance to purchase their $1.10 bid :
from the representative in their casa .

soon.
