# Trustee Resigns
## 
### 
Because of his new position as
president of the National Federation
of American Shipping will keep him
permanently in Washington, D.C.,
Almon E. Roth has resigned as a
trustee of Stanford University, Pres
ident Donald B. Tresidder announced
yesterday.
"It is with great regret that we lose
the active services of Mr. Roth." Dr.
Tresidder said.
Because of his new position as
president of the National Federation
of American Shipping will keep him
permanently in Washington, D.C.,
Almon E. Roth has resigned as a
trustee of Stanford University, Pres
ident Donald B. Tresidder announced
yesterday.
"It is with great regret that we lose
the active services of Mr. Roth." Dr.
Tresidder said.
Because of his new position as
president of the National Federation
of American Shipping will keep him
permanently in Washington, D.C.,
Almon E. Roth has resigned as a
trustee of Stanford University, Pres
ident Donald B. Tresidder announced
yesterday.
"It is with great regret that we lose
the active services of Mr. Roth." Dr.
Tresidder said.
Because of his new position as
president of the National Federation
of American Shipping will keep him
permanently in Washington, D.C.,
Almon E. Roth has resigned as a
trustee of Stanford University, Pres
ident Donald B. Tresidder announced
yesterday.
"It is with great regret that we lose
the active services of Mr. Roth." Dr.
Tresidder said.
Because of his new position as
president of the National Federation
of American Shipping will keep him
permanently in Washington, D.C.,
Almon E. Roth has resigned as a
trustee of Stanford University, Pres
ident Donald B. Tresidder announced
yesterday.
"It is with great regret that we lose
the active services of Mr. Roth." Dr.
Tresidder said.
Because of his new position as
president of the National Federation
of American Shipping will keep him
permanently in Washington, D.C.,
Almon E. Roth has resigned as a
trustee of Stanford University, Pres
ident Donald B. Tresidder announced
yesterday.
"It is with great regret that we lose
the active services of Mr. Roth." Dr.
Tresidder said.
Because of his new position as
president of the National Federation
of American Shipping will keep him
permanently in Washington, D.C.,
Almon E. Roth has resigned as a
trustee of Stanford University, Pres
ident Donald B. Tresidder announced
yesterday.
"It is with great regret that we lose
the active services of Mr. Roth." Dr.
Tresidder said.
Because of his new position as
president of the National Federation
of American Shipping will keep him
permanently in Washington, D.C.,
Almon E. Roth has resigned as a
trustee of Stanford University, Pres
ident Donald B. Tresidder announced
yesterday.
"It is with great regret that we lose
the active services of Mr. Roth." Dr.
Tresidder said.
Because of his new position as
president of the National Federation
of American Shipping will keep him
permanently in Washington, D.C.,
Almon E. Roth has resigned as a
trustee of Stanford University, Pres
ident Donald B. Tresidder announced
yesterday.
"It is with great regret that we lose
the active services of Mr. Roth." Dr.
Tresidder said.
Because of his new position as
president of the National Federation
of American Shipping will keep him
permanently in Washington, D.C.,
Almon E. Roth has resigned as a
trustee of Stanford University, Pres
ident Donald B. Tresidder announced
yesterday.
"It is with great regret that we lose
the active services of Mr. Roth." Dr.
Tresidder said.
Because of his new position as
president of the National Federation
of American Shipping will keep him
permanently in Washington, D.C.,
Almon E. Roth has resigned as a
trustee of Stanford University, Pres
ident Donald B. Tresidder announced
yesterday.
"It is with great regret that we lose
the active services of Mr. Roth." Dr.
Tresidder said.
Because of his new position as
president of the National Federation
of American Shipping will keep him
permanently in Washington, D.C.,
Almon E. Roth has resigned as a
trustee of Stanford University, Pres
ident Donald B. Tresidder announced
yesterday.
"It is with great regret that we lose
the active services of Mr. Roth." Dr.
Tresidder said.
Because of his new position as
president of the National Federation
of American Shipping will keep him
permanently in Washington, D.C.,
Almon E. Roth has resigned as a
trustee of Stanford University, Pres
ident Donald B. Tresidder announced
yesterday.
"It is with great regret that we lose
the active services of Mr. Roth." Dr.
Tresidder said.
Because of his new position as
president of the National Federation
of American Shipping will keep him
permanently in Washington, D.C.,
Almon E. Roth has resigned as a
trustee of Stanford University, Pres
ident Donald B. Tresidder announced
yesterday.
"It is with great regret that we lose
the active services of Mr. Roth." Dr.
Tresidder said.
Because of his new position as
president of the National Federation
of American Shipping will keep him
permanently in Washington, D.C.,
Almon E. Roth has resigned as a
trustee of Stanford University, Pres
ident Donald B. Tresidder announced
yesterday.
"It is with great regret that we lose
the active services of Mr. Roth." Dr.
Tresidder said.
