# Japs in Burma Suffer
## 
### 
NEW DELHI (UP)—The scattered
remnants of a routed Japanese Army
fled for their lives through the
jungles of western Burma today,
their ranks thinned by their defeat
in Arakan, and Adm. Lord Louis
Mountbatten asserted in a ringing
order of the day that a "complete
victory" had been won. "You have
given the Japanese one crack they
will remember,"
NEW DELHI (UP)—The scattered
remnants of a routed Japanese Army
fled for their lives through the
jungles of western Burma today,
their ranks thinned by their defeat
in Arakan, and Adm. Lord Louis
Mountbatten asserted in a ringing
order of the day that a "complete
victory" had been won. "You have
given the Japanese one crack they
will remember,"
NEW DELHI (UP)—The scattered
remnants of a routed Japanese Army
fled for their lives through the
jungles of western Burma today,
their ranks thinned by their defeat
in Arakan, and Adm. Lord Louis
Mountbatten asserted in a ringing
order of the day that a "complete
victory" had been won. "You have
given the Japanese one crack they
will remember,"
NEW DELHI (UP)—The scattered
remnants of a routed Japanese Army
fled for their lives through the
jungles of western Burma today,
their ranks thinned by their defeat
in Arakan, and Adm. Lord Louis
Mountbatten asserted in a ringing
order of the day that a "complete
victory" had been won. "You have
given the Japanese one crack they
will remember,"
NEW DELHI (UP)—The scattered
remnants of a routed Japanese Army
fled for their lives through the
jungles of western Burma today,
their ranks thinned by their defeat
in Arakan, and Adm. Lord Louis
Mountbatten asserted in a ringing
order of the day that a "complete
victory" had been won. "You have
given the Japanese one crack they
will remember,"
NEW DELHI (UP)—The scattered
remnants of a routed Japanese Army
fled for their lives through the
jungles of western Burma today,
their ranks thinned by their defeat
in Arakan, and Adm. Lord Louis
Mountbatten asserted in a ringing
order of the day that a "complete
victory" had been won. "You have
given the Japanese one crack they
will remember,"
NEW DELHI (UP)—The scattered
remnants of a routed Japanese Army
fled for their lives through the
jungles of western Burma today,
their ranks thinned by their defeat
in Arakan, and Adm. Lord Louis
Mountbatten asserted in a ringing
order of the day that a "complete
victory" had been won. "You have
given the Japanese one crack they
will remember,"
NEW DELHI (UP)—The scattered
remnants of a routed Japanese Army
fled for their lives through the
jungles of western Burma today,
their ranks thinned by their defeat
in Arakan, and Adm. Lord Louis
Mountbatten asserted in a ringing
order of the day that a "complete
victory" had been won. "You have
given the Japanese one crack they
will remember,"
NEW DELHI (UP)—The scattered
remnants of a routed Japanese Army
fled for their lives through the
jungles of western Burma today,
their ranks thinned by their defeat
in Arakan, and Adm. Lord Louis
Mountbatten asserted in a ringing
order of the day that a "complete
victory" had been won. "You have
given the Japanese one crack they
will remember,"
NEW DELHI (UP)—The scattered
remnants of a routed Japanese Army
fled for their lives through the
jungles of western Burma today,
their ranks thinned by their defeat
in Arakan, and Adm. Lord Louis
Mountbatten asserted in a ringing
order of the day that a "complete
victory" had been won. "You have
given the Japanese one crack they
will remember,"
NEW DELHI (UP)—The scattered
remnants of a routed Japanese Army
fled for their lives through the
jungles of western Burma today,
their ranks thinned by their defeat
in Arakan, and Adm. Lord Louis
Mountbatten asserted in a ringing
order of the day that a "complete
victory" had been won. "You have
given the Japanese one crack they
will remember,"
NEW DELHI (UP)—The scattered
remnants of a routed Japanese Army
fled for their lives through the
jungles of western Burma today,
their ranks thinned by their defeat
in Arakan, and Adm. Lord Louis
Mountbatten asserted in a ringing
order of the day that a "complete
victory" had been won. "You have
given the Japanese one crack they
will remember,"
NEW DELHI (UP)—The scattered
remnants of a routed Japanese Army
fled for their lives through the
jungles of western Burma today,
their ranks thinned by their defeat
in Arakan, and Adm. Lord Louis
Mountbatten asserted in a ringing
order of the day that a "complete
victory" had been won. "You have
given the Japanese one crack they
will remember,"
NEW DELHI (UP)—The scattered
remnants of a routed Japanese Army
fled for their lives through the
jungles of western Burma today,
their ranks thinned by their defeat
in Arakan, and Adm. Lord Louis
Mountbatten asserted in a ringing
order of the day that a "complete
victory" had been won. "You have
given the Japanese one crack they
will remember,"
NEW DELHI (UP)—The scattered
remnants of a routed Japanese Army
fled for their lives through the
jungles of western Burma today,
their ranks thinned by their defeat
in Arakan, and Adm. Lord Louis
Mountbatten asserted in a ringing
order of the day that a "complete
victory" had been won. "You have
given the Japanese one crack they
will remember,"
