# Stanford Gets Rahies Scare
## 
### 
Campus residents are warned to
beware of stray dogs because a case
of rabies has been reported to the
University Health Service.
A dog belonging to a campus resi
dent died of rabies (hydrophobia)
this week. Another dog was bitten
and is under observation and it is
quite possible that still other dogs
were attacked by this rabid animal
although no information of such
cases has come to the attention of
the University Health Service nor
has the source of the original case
been located.
With the disease thus known to be
present in this vicinity, it is im
portant to be on the alert for ani
mals that may be developing infec
tion. Any alteration in the usual be
havior of a dog calls for careful ob
servation. The animal may show ex
citement, or fear, or may be excep
tionally quiet. If the slightest sus
picion is aroused, the dog should be
confined immediately and a veteri
narian called.
Every bite by a dog, either pet or
stray, should be regarded as poten
tially infectious at a time when rab
ies is present. Such cases should be
reported to the University Health
Service at once.
Anyone who sees a stray dog on
the campus is requested to report it
to the police.
