# A.T.O. PLEDGES
## 
### 
Stanford Interfraternity Council
announces the pledging of David L.
McCraney, '44, Leon Omelka, '43,
and Wayne A. Reinsch. '43, to Alpha
! Tau Omega.
Stanford Interfraternity Council
announces the pledging of David L.
McCraney, '44, Leon Omelka, '43,
and Wayne A. Reinsch. '43, to Alpha
! Tau Omega.
Stanford Interfraternity Council
announces the pledging of David L.
McCraney, '44, Leon Omelka, '43,
and Wayne A. Reinsch. '43, to Alpha
! Tau Omega.
Stanford Interfraternity Council
announces the pledging of David L.
McCraney, '44, Leon Omelka, '43,
and Wayne A. Reinsch. '43, to Alpha
! Tau Omega.
Stanford Interfraternity Council
announces the pledging of David L.
McCraney, '44, Leon Omelka, '43,
and Wayne A. Reinsch. '43, to Alpha
! Tau Omega.
Stanford Interfraternity Council
announces the pledging of David L.
McCraney, '44, Leon Omelka, '43,
and Wayne A. Reinsch. '43, to Alpha
! Tau Omega.
Stanford Interfraternity Council
announces the pledging of David L.
McCraney, '44, Leon Omelka, '43,
and Wayne A. Reinsch. '43, to Alpha
! Tau Omega.
Stanford Interfraternity Council
announces the pledging of David L.
McCraney, '44, Leon Omelka, '43,
and Wayne A. Reinsch. '43, to Alpha
! Tau Omega.
Stanford Interfraternity Council
announces the pledging of David L.
McCraney, '44, Leon Omelka, '43,
and Wayne A. Reinsch. '43, to Alpha
! Tau Omega.
Stanford Interfraternity Council
announces the pledging of David L.
McCraney, '44, Leon Omelka, '43,
and Wayne A. Reinsch. '43, to Alpha
! Tau Omega.
Stanford Interfraternity Council
announces the pledging of David L.
McCraney, '44, Leon Omelka, '43,
and Wayne A. Reinsch. '43, to Alpha
! Tau Omega.
Stanford Interfraternity Council
announces the pledging of David L.
McCraney, '44, Leon Omelka, '43,
and Wayne A. Reinsch. '43, to Alpha
! Tau Omega.
Stanford Interfraternity Council
announces the pledging of David L.
McCraney, '44, Leon Omelka, '43,
and Wayne A. Reinsch. '43, to Alpha
! Tau Omega.
Stanford Interfraternity Council
announces the pledging of David L.
McCraney, '44, Leon Omelka, '43,
and Wayne A. Reinsch. '43, to Alpha
! Tau Omega.
Stanford Interfraternity Council
announces the pledging of David L.
McCraney, '44, Leon Omelka, '43,
and Wayne A. Reinsch. '43, to Alpha
! Tau Omega.
Stanford Interfraternity Council
announces the pledging of David L.
McCraney, '44, Leon Omelka, '43,
and Wayne A. Reinsch. '43, to Alpha
! Tau Omega.
Stanford Interfraternity Council
announces the pledging of David L.
McCraney, '44, Leon Omelka, '43,
and Wayne A. Reinsch. '43, to Alpha
! Tau Omega.
Stanford Interfraternity Council
announces the pledging of David L.
McCraney, '44, Leon Omelka, '43,
and Wayne A. Reinsch. '43, to Alpha
! Tau Omega.
