# INSIDE
## 
### 
Retreat
Get away from it all at Stan
ford's Jasper Ridge Biologi
cal Preserve.
See Science, page 7

Resign
Labor Secretary Dole gives
up her position to head the
American Red Cross.
See World & Nation, page 3

Regatta
The Stanford Sailing Team
dominates the Frosh/Soph
competition.
See Sports, page 11

Retreat
Get away from it all at Stan
ford's Jasper Ridge Biologi
cal Preserve.
See Science, page 7

Resign
Labor Secretary Dole gives
up her position to head the
American Red Cross.
See World & Nation, page 3

Regatta
The Stanford Sailing Team
dominates the Frosh/Soph
competition.
See Sports, page 11

Retreat
Get away from it all at Stan
ford's Jasper Ridge Biologi
cal Preserve.
See Science, page 7

Resign
Labor Secretary Dole gives
up her position to head the
American Red Cross.
See World & Nation, page 3

Regatta
The Stanford Sailing Team
dominates the Frosh/Soph
competition.
See Sports, page 11

Retreat
Get away from it all at Stan
ford's Jasper Ridge Biologi
cal Preserve.
See Science, page 7

Resign
Labor Secretary Dole gives
up her position to head the
American Red Cross.
See World & Nation, page 3

Regatta
The Stanford Sailing Team
dominates the Frosh/Soph
competition.
See Sports, page 11

Retreat
Get away from it all at Stan
ford's Jasper Ridge Biologi
cal Preserve.
See Science, page 7

Resign
Labor Secretary Dole gives
up her position to head the
American Red Cross.
See World & Nation, page 3

Regatta
The Stanford Sailing Team
dominates the Frosh/Soph
competition.
See Sports, page 11

Retreat
Get away from it all at Stan
ford's Jasper Ridge Biologi
cal Preserve.
See Science, page 7

Resign
Labor Secretary Dole gives
up her position to head the
American Red Cross.
See World & Nation, page 3

Regatta
The Stanford Sailing Team
dominates the Frosh/Soph
competition.
See Sports, page 11

Retreat
Get away from it all at Stan
ford's Jasper Ridge Biologi
cal Preserve.
See Science, page 7

Resign
Labor Secretary Dole gives
up her position to head the
American Red Cross.
See World & Nation, page 3

Regatta
The Stanford Sailing Team
dominates the Frosh/Soph
competition.
See Sports, page 11

Retreat
Get away from it all at Stan
ford's Jasper Ridge Biologi
cal Preserve.
See Science, page 7

Resign
Labor Secretary Dole gives
up her position to head the
American Red Cross.
See World & Nation, page 3

Regatta
The Stanford Sailing Team
dominates the Frosh/Soph
competition.
See Sports, page 11

