# Back Ailment Sends Alien to Hospital
## 
### 
Peter C. Allen, University director
of news and publications, has been
confined to the Palo Alto Hospital
iince last Saturday. He is there for
diagnosis of a back ailment. Doctors
are uncertain when he will be re
leased.
Peter C. Allen, University director
of news and publications, has been
confined to the Palo Alto Hospital
iince last Saturday. He is there for
diagnosis of a back ailment. Doctors
are uncertain when he will be re
leased.
Peter C. Allen, University director
of news and publications, has been
confined to the Palo Alto Hospital
iince last Saturday. He is there for
diagnosis of a back ailment. Doctors
are uncertain when he will be re
leased.
Peter C. Allen, University director
of news and publications, has been
confined to the Palo Alto Hospital
iince last Saturday. He is there for
diagnosis of a back ailment. Doctors
are uncertain when he will be re
leased.
Peter C. Allen, University director
of news and publications, has been
confined to the Palo Alto Hospital
iince last Saturday. He is there for
diagnosis of a back ailment. Doctors
are uncertain when he will be re
leased.
Peter C. Allen, University director
of news and publications, has been
confined to the Palo Alto Hospital
iince last Saturday. He is there for
diagnosis of a back ailment. Doctors
are uncertain when he will be re
leased.
Peter C. Allen, University director
of news and publications, has been
confined to the Palo Alto Hospital
iince last Saturday. He is there for
diagnosis of a back ailment. Doctors
are uncertain when he will be re
leased.
Peter C. Allen, University director
of news and publications, has been
confined to the Palo Alto Hospital
iince last Saturday. He is there for
diagnosis of a back ailment. Doctors
are uncertain when he will be re
leased.
Peter C. Allen, University director
of news and publications, has been
confined to the Palo Alto Hospital
iince last Saturday. He is there for
diagnosis of a back ailment. Doctors
are uncertain when he will be re
leased.
Peter C. Allen, University director
of news and publications, has been
confined to the Palo Alto Hospital
iince last Saturday. He is there for
diagnosis of a back ailment. Doctors
are uncertain when he will be re
leased.
Peter C. Allen, University director
of news and publications, has been
confined to the Palo Alto Hospital
iince last Saturday. He is there for
diagnosis of a back ailment. Doctors
are uncertain when he will be re
leased.
Peter C. Allen, University director
of news and publications, has been
confined to the Palo Alto Hospital
iince last Saturday. He is there for
diagnosis of a back ailment. Doctors
are uncertain when he will be re
leased.
Peter C. Allen, University director
of news and publications, has been
confined to the Palo Alto Hospital
iince last Saturday. He is there for
diagnosis of a back ailment. Doctors
are uncertain when he will be re
leased.
Peter C. Allen, University director
of news and publications, has been
confined to the Palo Alto Hospital
iince last Saturday. He is there for
diagnosis of a back ailment. Doctors
are uncertain when he will be re
leased.
Peter C. Allen, University director
of news and publications, has been
confined to the Palo Alto Hospital
iince last Saturday. He is there for
diagnosis of a back ailment. Doctors
are uncertain when he will be re
leased.
