# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Jack Churchill
SOME AWS CANDIDATES for 1956-57 offices arc (top row, left to right):
Sunny Mac Donald, Carol de Lima, Ellie Kronfcld, Gene Elkus. Bottom
row (left to right) are Marcia Miilu, Ellen Flint, Anne MacGillivray.

Jack Churchill
SOME AWS CANDIDATES for 1956-57 offices arc (top row, left to right):
Sunny Mac Donald, Carol de Lima, Ellie Kronfcld, Gene Elkus. Bottom
row (left to right) are Marcia Miilu, Ellen Flint, Anne MacGillivray.

Jack Churchill
SOME AWS CANDIDATES for 1956-57 offices arc (top row, left to right):
Sunny Mac Donald, Carol de Lima, Ellie Kronfcld, Gene Elkus. Bottom
row (left to right) are Marcia Miilu, Ellen Flint, Anne MacGillivray.

Jack Churchill
SOME AWS CANDIDATES for 1956-57 offices arc (top row, left to right):
Sunny Mac Donald, Carol de Lima, Ellie Kronfcld, Gene Elkus. Bottom
row (left to right) are Marcia Miilu, Ellen Flint, Anne MacGillivray.

Jack Churchill
SOME AWS CANDIDATES for 1956-57 offices arc (top row, left to right):
Sunny Mac Donald, Carol de Lima, Ellie Kronfcld, Gene Elkus. Bottom
row (left to right) are Marcia Miilu, Ellen Flint, Anne MacGillivray.

Jack Churchill
SOME AWS CANDIDATES for 1956-57 offices arc (top row, left to right):
Sunny Mac Donald, Carol de Lima, Ellie Kronfcld, Gene Elkus. Bottom
row (left to right) are Marcia Miilu, Ellen Flint, Anne MacGillivray.

Jack Churchill
SOME AWS CANDIDATES for 1956-57 offices arc (top row, left to right):
Sunny Mac Donald, Carol de Lima, Ellie Kronfcld, Gene Elkus. Bottom
row (left to right) are Marcia Miilu, Ellen Flint, Anne MacGillivray.

Jack Churchill
SOME AWS CANDIDATES for 1956-57 offices arc (top row, left to right):
Sunny Mac Donald, Carol de Lima, Ellie Kronfcld, Gene Elkus. Bottom
row (left to right) are Marcia Miilu, Ellen Flint, Anne MacGillivray.

Jack Churchill
SOME AWS CANDIDATES for 1956-57 offices arc (top row, left to right):
Sunny Mac Donald, Carol de Lima, Ellie Kronfcld, Gene Elkus. Bottom
row (left to right) are Marcia Miilu, Ellen Flint, Anne MacGillivray.

Jack Churchill
SOME AWS CANDIDATES for 1956-57 offices arc (top row, left to right):
Sunny Mac Donald, Carol de Lima, Ellie Kronfcld, Gene Elkus. Bottom
row (left to right) are Marcia Miilu, Ellen Flint, Anne MacGillivray.

Jack Churchill
SOME AWS CANDIDATES for 1956-57 offices arc (top row, left to right):
Sunny Mac Donald, Carol de Lima, Ellie Kronfcld, Gene Elkus. Bottom
row (left to right) are Marcia Miilu, Ellen Flint, Anne MacGillivray.

Jack Churchill
SOME AWS CANDIDATES for 1956-57 offices arc (top row, left to right):
Sunny Mac Donald, Carol de Lima, Ellie Kronfcld, Gene Elkus. Bottom
row (left to right) are Marcia Miilu, Ellen Flint, Anne MacGillivray.

Jack Churchill
SOME AWS CANDIDATES for 1956-57 offices arc (top row, left to right):
Sunny Mac Donald, Carol de Lima, Ellie Kronfcld, Gene Elkus. Bottom
row (left to right) are Marcia Miilu, Ellen Flint, Anne MacGillivray.

Jack Churchill
SOME AWS CANDIDATES for 1956-57 offices arc (top row, left to right):
Sunny Mac Donald, Carol de Lima, Ellie Kronfcld, Gene Elkus. Bottom
row (left to right) are Marcia Miilu, Ellen Flint, Anne MacGillivray.

Jack Churchill
SOME AWS CANDIDATES for 1956-57 offices arc (top row, left to right):
Sunny Mac Donald, Carol de Lima, Ellie Kronfcld, Gene Elkus. Bottom
row (left to right) are Marcia Miilu, Ellen Flint, Anne MacGillivray.
