# POLI UNION NEEDS SECRETARY
## 
### 
Interviews for the office of secre
tary of the Political Union will be
he. l d today at 5 p.m. in the Nitery.
Interviews for the office of secre
tary of the Political Union will be
he. l d today at 5 p.m. in the Nitery.
Interviews for the office of secre
tary of the Political Union will be
he. l d today at 5 p.m. in the Nitery.
Interviews for the office of secre
tary of the Political Union will be
he. l d today at 5 p.m. in the Nitery.
Interviews for the office of secre
tary of the Political Union will be
he. l d today at 5 p.m. in the Nitery.
Interviews for the office of secre
tary of the Political Union will be
he. l d today at 5 p.m. in the Nitery.
Interviews for the office of secre
tary of the Political Union will be
he. l d today at 5 p.m. in the Nitery.
Interviews for the office of secre
tary of the Political Union will be
he. l d today at 5 p.m. in the Nitery.
Interviews for the office of secre
tary of the Political Union will be
he. l d today at 5 p.m. in the Nitery.
Interviews for the office of secre
tary of the Political Union will be
he. l d today at 5 p.m. in the Nitery.
Interviews for the office of secre
tary of the Political Union will be
he. l d today at 5 p.m. in the Nitery.
Interviews for the office of secre
tary of the Political Union will be
he. l d today at 5 p.m. in the Nitery.
Interviews for the office of secre
tary of the Political Union will be
he. l d today at 5 p.m. in the Nitery.
Interviews for the office of secre
tary of the Political Union will be
he. l d today at 5 p.m. in the Nitery.
Interviews for the office of secre
tary of the Political Union will be
he. l d today at 5 p.m. in the Nitery.
