# quadicisms
## 
### 
Joachim Retnak, history instructor,
on Medieval life: "You can get used
to the inconveniences of medieval
cities—so the upper stories do hang
out over the street and you can look
into the window across the way.
This can sometimes add spice to
life."
James A. Saum, instructor of edu
cation, in his introductory remarks:
"In every course some content must
fall."
Joachim Retnak, history instructor,
on Medieval life: "You can get used
to the inconveniences of medieval
cities—so the upper stories do hang
out over the street and you can look
into the window across the way.
This can sometimes add spice to
life."
James A. Saum, instructor of edu
cation, in his introductory remarks:
"In every course some content must
fall."
Joachim Retnak, history instructor,
on Medieval life: "You can get used
to the inconveniences of medieval
cities—so the upper stories do hang
out over the street and you can look
into the window across the way.
This can sometimes add spice to
life."
James A. Saum, instructor of edu
cation, in his introductory remarks:
"In every course some content must
fall."
Joachim Retnak, history instructor,
on Medieval life: "You can get used
to the inconveniences of medieval
cities—so the upper stories do hang
out over the street and you can look
into the window across the way.
This can sometimes add spice to
life."
James A. Saum, instructor of edu
cation, in his introductory remarks:
"In every course some content must
fall."
Joachim Retnak, history instructor,
on Medieval life: "You can get used
to the inconveniences of medieval
cities—so the upper stories do hang
out over the street and you can look
into the window across the way.
This can sometimes add spice to
life."
James A. Saum, instructor of edu
cation, in his introductory remarks:
"In every course some content must
fall."
Joachim Retnak, history instructor,
on Medieval life: "You can get used
to the inconveniences of medieval
cities—so the upper stories do hang
out over the street and you can look
into the window across the way.
This can sometimes add spice to
life."
James A. Saum, instructor of edu
cation, in his introductory remarks:
"In every course some content must
fall."
Joachim Retnak, history instructor,
on Medieval life: "You can get used
to the inconveniences of medieval
cities—so the upper stories do hang
out over the street and you can look
into the window across the way.
This can sometimes add spice to
life."
James A. Saum, instructor of edu
cation, in his introductory remarks:
"In every course some content must
fall."
Joachim Retnak, history instructor,
on Medieval life: "You can get used
to the inconveniences of medieval
cities—so the upper stories do hang
out over the street and you can look
into the window across the way.
This can sometimes add spice to
life."
James A. Saum, instructor of edu
cation, in his introductory remarks:
"In every course some content must
fall."
Joachim Retnak, history instructor,
on Medieval life: "You can get used
to the inconveniences of medieval
cities—so the upper stories do hang
out over the street and you can look
into the window across the way.
This can sometimes add spice to
life."
James A. Saum, instructor of edu
cation, in his introductory remarks:
"In every course some content must
fall."
Joachim Retnak, history instructor,
on Medieval life: "You can get used
to the inconveniences of medieval
cities—so the upper stories do hang
out over the street and you can look
into the window across the way.
This can sometimes add spice to
life."
James A. Saum, instructor of edu
cation, in his introductory remarks:
"In every course some content must
fall."
Joachim Retnak, history instructor,
on Medieval life: "You can get used
to the inconveniences of medieval
cities—so the upper stories do hang
out over the street and you can look
into the window across the way.
This can sometimes add spice to
life."
James A. Saum, instructor of edu
cation, in his introductory remarks:
"In every course some content must
fall."
Joachim Retnak, history instructor,
on Medieval life: "You can get used
to the inconveniences of medieval
cities—so the upper stories do hang
out over the street and you can look
into the window across the way.
This can sometimes add spice to
life."
James A. Saum, instructor of edu
cation, in his introductory remarks:
"In every course some content must
fall."
Joachim Retnak, history instructor,
on Medieval life: "You can get used
to the inconveniences of medieval
cities—so the upper stories do hang
out over the street and you can look
into the window across the way.
This can sometimes add spice to
life."
James A. Saum, instructor of edu
cation, in his introductory remarks:
"In every course some content must
fall."
Joachim Retnak, history instructor,
on Medieval life: "You can get used
to the inconveniences of medieval
cities—so the upper stories do hang
out over the street and you can look
into the window across the way.
This can sometimes add spice to
life."
James A. Saum, instructor of edu
cation, in his introductory remarks:
"In every course some content must
fall."
Joachim Retnak, history instructor,
on Medieval life: "You can get used
to the inconveniences of medieval
cities—so the upper stories do hang
out over the street and you can look
into the window across the way.
This can sometimes add spice to
life."
James A. Saum, instructor of edu
cation, in his introductory remarks:
"In every course some content must
fall."
