# AWS Will Elect Officers Thursday
## 
### 
AWS election of officers will be
held Thursday. Nine candidates are
running for the four offices.
Ellie Kronfeld and Carol de Lima
are running for president. Sara
Aihram and Sunny Mac Donald are
the candidates for vice-president.
Candidates for secretary are Anne
MacGillivray and Marcia Miilu.
Candidates for social co-ordinator
are Gene Elkus and Carol Waddell.
Elections will be held in women's
residences Thursday. Voting hours
are from 7:30-9 a.m., 11 a.m. - 1:30
p.m. and 4:30-7 'p.m.
Women will also vote on proposed
changes in the AWS Constitution.
These changes will be printed to
morrow.
Candidates will be introduced at
Branner tonight at dinner.
AWS election of officers will be
held Thursday. Nine candidates are
running for the four offices.
Ellie Kronfeld and Carol de Lima
are running for president. Sara
Aihram and Sunny Mac Donald are
the candidates for vice-president.
Candidates for secretary are Anne
MacGillivray and Marcia Miilu.
Candidates for social co-ordinator
are Gene Elkus and Carol Waddell.
Elections will be held in women's
residences Thursday. Voting hours
are from 7:30-9 a.m., 11 a.m. - 1:30
p.m. and 4:30-7 'p.m.
Women will also vote on proposed
changes in the AWS Constitution.
These changes will be printed to
morrow.
Candidates will be introduced at
Branner tonight at dinner.
AWS election of officers will be
held Thursday. Nine candidates are
running for the four offices.
Ellie Kronfeld and Carol de Lima
are running for president. Sara
Aihram and Sunny Mac Donald are
the candidates for vice-president.
Candidates for secretary are Anne
MacGillivray and Marcia Miilu.
Candidates for social co-ordinator
are Gene Elkus and Carol Waddell.
Elections will be held in women's
residences Thursday. Voting hours
are from 7:30-9 a.m., 11 a.m. - 1:30
p.m. and 4:30-7 'p.m.
Women will also vote on proposed
changes in the AWS Constitution.
These changes will be printed to
morrow.
Candidates will be introduced at
Branner tonight at dinner.
AWS election of officers will be
held Thursday. Nine candidates are
running for the four offices.
Ellie Kronfeld and Carol de Lima
are running for president. Sara
Aihram and Sunny Mac Donald are
the candidates for vice-president.
Candidates for secretary are Anne
MacGillivray and Marcia Miilu.
Candidates for social co-ordinator
are Gene Elkus and Carol Waddell.
Elections will be held in women's
residences Thursday. Voting hours
are from 7:30-9 a.m., 11 a.m. - 1:30
p.m. and 4:30-7 'p.m.
Women will also vote on proposed
changes in the AWS Constitution.
These changes will be printed to
morrow.
Candidates will be introduced at
Branner tonight at dinner.
AWS election of officers will be
held Thursday. Nine candidates are
running for the four offices.
Ellie Kronfeld and Carol de Lima
are running for president. Sara
Aihram and Sunny Mac Donald are
the candidates for vice-president.
Candidates for secretary are Anne
MacGillivray and Marcia Miilu.
Candidates for social co-ordinator
are Gene Elkus and Carol Waddell.
Elections will be held in women's
residences Thursday. Voting hours
are from 7:30-9 a.m., 11 a.m. - 1:30
p.m. and 4:30-7 'p.m.
Women will also vote on proposed
changes in the AWS Constitution.
These changes will be printed to
morrow.
Candidates will be introduced at
Branner tonight at dinner.
AWS election of officers will be
held Thursday. Nine candidates are
running for the four offices.
Ellie Kronfeld and Carol de Lima
are running for president. Sara
Aihram and Sunny Mac Donald are
the candidates for vice-president.
Candidates for secretary are Anne
MacGillivray and Marcia Miilu.
Candidates for social co-ordinator
are Gene Elkus and Carol Waddell.
Elections will be held in women's
residences Thursday. Voting hours
are from 7:30-9 a.m., 11 a.m. - 1:30
p.m. and 4:30-7 'p.m.
Women will also vote on proposed
changes in the AWS Constitution.
These changes will be printed to
morrow.
Candidates will be introduced at
Branner tonight at dinner.
AWS election of officers will be
held Thursday. Nine candidates are
running for the four offices.
Ellie Kronfeld and Carol de Lima
are running for president. Sara
Aihram and Sunny Mac Donald are
the candidates for vice-president.
Candidates for secretary are Anne
MacGillivray and Marcia Miilu.
Candidates for social co-ordinator
are Gene Elkus and Carol Waddell.
Elections will be held in women's
residences Thursday. Voting hours
are from 7:30-9 a.m., 11 a.m. - 1:30
p.m. and 4:30-7 'p.m.
Women will also vote on proposed
changes in the AWS Constitution.
These changes will be printed to
morrow.
Candidates will be introduced at
Branner tonight at dinner.
AWS election of officers will be
held Thursday. Nine candidates are
running for the four offices.
Ellie Kronfeld and Carol de Lima
are running for president. Sara
Aihram and Sunny Mac Donald are
the candidates for vice-president.
Candidates for secretary are Anne
MacGillivray and Marcia Miilu.
Candidates for social co-ordinator
are Gene Elkus and Carol Waddell.
Elections will be held in women's
residences Thursday. Voting hours
are from 7:30-9 a.m., 11 a.m. - 1:30
p.m. and 4:30-7 'p.m.
Women will also vote on proposed
changes in the AWS Constitution.
These changes will be printed to
morrow.
Candidates will be introduced at
Branner tonight at dinner.
AWS election of officers will be
held Thursday. Nine candidates are
running for the four offices.
Ellie Kronfeld and Carol de Lima
are running for president. Sara
Aihram and Sunny Mac Donald are
the candidates for vice-president.
Candidates for secretary are Anne
MacGillivray and Marcia Miilu.
Candidates for social co-ordinator
are Gene Elkus and Carol Waddell.
Elections will be held in women's
residences Thursday. Voting hours
are from 7:30-9 a.m., 11 a.m. - 1:30
p.m. and 4:30-7 'p.m.
Women will also vote on proposed
changes in the AWS Constitution.
These changes will be printed to
morrow.
Candidates will be introduced at
Branner tonight at dinner.
AWS election of officers will be
held Thursday. Nine candidates are
running for the four offices.
Ellie Kronfeld and Carol de Lima
are running for president. Sara
Aihram and Sunny Mac Donald are
the candidates for vice-president.
Candidates for secretary are Anne
MacGillivray and Marcia Miilu.
Candidates for social co-ordinator
are Gene Elkus and Carol Waddell.
Elections will be held in women's
residences Thursday. Voting hours
are from 7:30-9 a.m., 11 a.m. - 1:30
p.m. and 4:30-7 'p.m.
Women will also vote on proposed
changes in the AWS Constitution.
These changes will be printed to
morrow.
Candidates will be introduced at
Branner tonight at dinner.
AWS election of officers will be
held Thursday. Nine candidates are
running for the four offices.
Ellie Kronfeld and Carol de Lima
are running for president. Sara
Aihram and Sunny Mac Donald are
the candidates for vice-president.
Candidates for secretary are Anne
MacGillivray and Marcia Miilu.
Candidates for social co-ordinator
are Gene Elkus and Carol Waddell.
Elections will be held in women's
residences Thursday. Voting hours
are from 7:30-9 a.m., 11 a.m. - 1:30
p.m. and 4:30-7 'p.m.
Women will also vote on proposed
changes in the AWS Constitution.
These changes will be printed to
morrow.
Candidates will be introduced at
Branner tonight at dinner.
AWS election of officers will be
held Thursday. Nine candidates are
running for the four offices.
Ellie Kronfeld and Carol de Lima
are running for president. Sara
Aihram and Sunny Mac Donald are
the candidates for vice-president.
Candidates for secretary are Anne
MacGillivray and Marcia Miilu.
Candidates for social co-ordinator
are Gene Elkus and Carol Waddell.
Elections will be held in women's
residences Thursday. Voting hours
are from 7:30-9 a.m., 11 a.m. - 1:30
p.m. and 4:30-7 'p.m.
Women will also vote on proposed
changes in the AWS Constitution.
These changes will be printed to
morrow.
Candidates will be introduced at
Branner tonight at dinner.
AWS election of officers will be
held Thursday. Nine candidates are
running for the four offices.
Ellie Kronfeld and Carol de Lima
are running for president. Sara
Aihram and Sunny Mac Donald are
the candidates for vice-president.
Candidates for secretary are Anne
MacGillivray and Marcia Miilu.
Candidates for social co-ordinator
are Gene Elkus and Carol Waddell.
Elections will be held in women's
residences Thursday. Voting hours
are from 7:30-9 a.m., 11 a.m. - 1:30
p.m. and 4:30-7 'p.m.
Women will also vote on proposed
changes in the AWS Constitution.
These changes will be printed to
morrow.
Candidates will be introduced at
Branner tonight at dinner.
AWS election of officers will be
held Thursday. Nine candidates are
running for the four offices.
Ellie Kronfeld and Carol de Lima
are running for president. Sara
Aihram and Sunny Mac Donald are
the candidates for vice-president.
Candidates for secretary are Anne
MacGillivray and Marcia Miilu.
Candidates for social co-ordinator
are Gene Elkus and Carol Waddell.
Elections will be held in women's
residences Thursday. Voting hours
are from 7:30-9 a.m., 11 a.m. - 1:30
p.m. and 4:30-7 'p.m.
Women will also vote on proposed
changes in the AWS Constitution.
These changes will be printed to
morrow.
Candidates will be introduced at
Branner tonight at dinner.
AWS election of officers will be
held Thursday. Nine candidates are
running for the four offices.
Ellie Kronfeld and Carol de Lima
are running for president. Sara
Aihram and Sunny Mac Donald are
the candidates for vice-president.
Candidates for secretary are Anne
MacGillivray and Marcia Miilu.
Candidates for social co-ordinator
are Gene Elkus and Carol Waddell.
Elections will be held in women's
residences Thursday. Voting hours
are from 7:30-9 a.m., 11 a.m. - 1:30
p.m. and 4:30-7 'p.m.
Women will also vote on proposed
changes in the AWS Constitution.
These changes will be printed to
morrow.
Candidates will be introduced at
Branner tonight at dinner.
