# Adv. 6 Page 5
## 
### 
j —l
\lpMns
Fofmol Attire
4r
IN
THE STANFORD
SHOPPING CENTER
326-4442
vrn
i Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced in
off tee skills, if you are
betweer iobs returning to
the working world retired,
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need_ workers for
light Industries (plant
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
EQuat Opportunity Employer
ithomas
temporaries
Town and Country
Village
Palo Alto
328-0300^
V I
j —l
\lpMns
Fofmol Attire
4r
IN
THE STANFORD
SHOPPING CENTER
326-4442
vrn
i Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced in
off tee skills, if you are
betweer iobs returning to
the working world retired,
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need_ workers for
light Industries (plant
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
EQuat Opportunity Employer
ithomas
temporaries
Town and Country
Village
Palo Alto
328-0300^
V I
j —l
\lpMns
Fofmol Attire
4r
IN
THE STANFORD
SHOPPING CENTER
326-4442
vrn
i Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced in
off tee skills, if you are
betweer iobs returning to
the working world retired,
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need_ workers for
light Industries (plant
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
EQuat Opportunity Employer
ithomas
temporaries
Town and Country
Village
Palo Alto
328-0300^
V I
j —l
\lpMns
Fofmol Attire
4r
IN
THE STANFORD
SHOPPING CENTER
326-4442
vrn
i Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced in
off tee skills, if you are
betweer iobs returning to
the working world retired,
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need_ workers for
light Industries (plant
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
EQuat Opportunity Employer
ithomas
temporaries
Town and Country
Village
Palo Alto
328-0300^
V I
j —l
\lpMns
Fofmol Attire
4r
IN
THE STANFORD
SHOPPING CENTER
326-4442
vrn
i Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced in
off tee skills, if you are
betweer iobs returning to
the working world retired,
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need_ workers for
light Industries (plant
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
EQuat Opportunity Employer
ithomas
temporaries
Town and Country
Village
Palo Alto
328-0300^
V I
j —l
\lpMns
Fofmol Attire
4r
IN
THE STANFORD
SHOPPING CENTER
326-4442
vrn
i Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced in
off tee skills, if you are
betweer iobs returning to
the working world retired,
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need_ workers for
light Industries (plant
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
EQuat Opportunity Employer
ithomas
temporaries
Town and Country
Village
Palo Alto
328-0300^
V I
j —l
\lpMns
Fofmol Attire
4r
IN
THE STANFORD
SHOPPING CENTER
326-4442
vrn
i Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced in
off tee skills, if you are
betweer iobs returning to
the working world retired,
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need_ workers for
light Industries (plant
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
EQuat Opportunity Employer
ithomas
temporaries
Town and Country
Village
Palo Alto
328-0300^
V I
j —l
\lpMns
Fofmol Attire
4r
IN
THE STANFORD
SHOPPING CENTER
326-4442
vrn
i Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced in
off tee skills, if you are
betweer iobs returning to
the working world retired,
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need_ workers for
light Industries (plant
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
EQuat Opportunity Employer
ithomas
temporaries
Town and Country
Village
Palo Alto
328-0300^
V I
j —l
\lpMns
Fofmol Attire
4r
IN
THE STANFORD
SHOPPING CENTER
326-4442
vrn
i Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced in
off tee skills, if you are
betweer iobs returning to
the working world retired,
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need_ workers for
light Industries (plant
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
EQuat Opportunity Employer
ithomas
temporaries
Town and Country
Village
Palo Alto
328-0300^
V I
