# FINANCES ON UP-CRADE
## 
### 
CHICAGO, Feb. 19 (UP). — The
financial outlook lor the nation's
cities appears to be brighter now
than a year ago, but 1939 develop
ments may change the picture. The
Municipal Finance Officers' Asso
ciation said today.
CHICAGO, Feb. 19 (UP). — The
financial outlook lor the nation's
cities appears to be brighter now
than a year ago, but 1939 develop
ments may change the picture. The
Municipal Finance Officers' Asso
ciation said today.
CHICAGO, Feb. 19 (UP). — The
financial outlook lor the nation's
cities appears to be brighter now
than a year ago, but 1939 develop
ments may change the picture. The
Municipal Finance Officers' Asso
ciation said today.
CHICAGO, Feb. 19 (UP). — The
financial outlook lor the nation's
cities appears to be brighter now
than a year ago, but 1939 develop
ments may change the picture. The
Municipal Finance Officers' Asso
ciation said today.
CHICAGO, Feb. 19 (UP). — The
financial outlook lor the nation's
cities appears to be brighter now
than a year ago, but 1939 develop
ments may change the picture. The
Municipal Finance Officers' Asso
ciation said today.
CHICAGO, Feb. 19 (UP). — The
financial outlook lor the nation's
cities appears to be brighter now
than a year ago, but 1939 develop
ments may change the picture. The
Municipal Finance Officers' Asso
ciation said today.
CHICAGO, Feb. 19 (UP). — The
financial outlook lor the nation's
cities appears to be brighter now
than a year ago, but 1939 develop
ments may change the picture. The
Municipal Finance Officers' Asso
ciation said today.
CHICAGO, Feb. 19 (UP). — The
financial outlook lor the nation's
cities appears to be brighter now
than a year ago, but 1939 develop
ments may change the picture. The
Municipal Finance Officers' Asso
ciation said today.
CHICAGO, Feb. 19 (UP). — The
financial outlook lor the nation's
cities appears to be brighter now
than a year ago, but 1939 develop
ments may change the picture. The
Municipal Finance Officers' Asso
ciation said today.
CHICAGO, Feb. 19 (UP). — The
financial outlook lor the nation's
cities appears to be brighter now
than a year ago, but 1939 develop
ments may change the picture. The
Municipal Finance Officers' Asso
ciation said today.
CHICAGO, Feb. 19 (UP). — The
financial outlook lor the nation's
cities appears to be brighter now
than a year ago, but 1939 develop
ments may change the picture. The
Municipal Finance Officers' Asso
ciation said today.
CHICAGO, Feb. 19 (UP). — The
financial outlook lor the nation's
cities appears to be brighter now
than a year ago, but 1939 develop
ments may change the picture. The
Municipal Finance Officers' Asso
ciation said today.
CHICAGO, Feb. 19 (UP). — The
financial outlook lor the nation's
cities appears to be brighter now
than a year ago, but 1939 develop
ments may change the picture. The
Municipal Finance Officers' Asso
ciation said today.
CHICAGO, Feb. 19 (UP). — The
financial outlook lor the nation's
cities appears to be brighter now
than a year ago, but 1939 develop
ments may change the picture. The
Municipal Finance Officers' Asso
ciation said today.
CHICAGO, Feb. 19 (UP). — The
financial outlook lor the nation's
cities appears to be brighter now
than a year ago, but 1939 develop
ments may change the picture. The
Municipal Finance Officers' Asso
ciation said today.
CHICAGO, Feb. 19 (UP). — The
financial outlook lor the nation's
cities appears to be brighter now
than a year ago, but 1939 develop
ments may change the picture. The
Municipal Finance Officers' Asso
ciation said today.
