# Farm Students Hurt in Accident
## 
### 
Miss Carol Hover, a Stanford sen
ior, and Stan Anderson, varsity
football player, were injured in an
automobile accident last Saturday
morning at 12:30 o'clock. Miss
Hover, whose home is in Los An
geles, suffered bruises and lacera
tions. Anderson was cut on the
nose.
The couple was taken to t.he
Mountain View Hospital for emer
gency treatment, and then was
transferred to the Palo Alto Hospi
tal. Miss Hover's condition necessi
tated X-rays, but Anderson was
released.
The accident occurred on the Bay
shore highway when the car driven
by Anderson crashed with a ma
chine driven by R. D. Stokes of
Palo Alto. Stokes suffered a lacer
ated nose, but his wife who was with
him was unhurt.
