# A. (). PI PLEDGE
## 
### 
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Helen McShea, '42, to Alpha
Onucron Pi.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Helen McShea, '42, to Alpha
Onucron Pi.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Helen McShea, '42, to Alpha
Onucron Pi.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Helen McShea, '42, to Alpha
Onucron Pi.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Helen McShea, '42, to Alpha
Onucron Pi.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Helen McShea, '42, to Alpha
Onucron Pi.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Helen McShea, '42, to Alpha
Onucron Pi.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Helen McShea, '42, to Alpha
Onucron Pi.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Helen McShea, '42, to Alpha
Onucron Pi.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Helen McShea, '42, to Alpha
Onucron Pi.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Helen McShea, '42, to Alpha
Onucron Pi.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Helen McShea, '42, to Alpha
Onucron Pi.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Helen McShea, '42, to Alpha
Onucron Pi.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Helen McShea, '42, to Alpha
Onucron Pi.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Helen McShea, '42, to Alpha
Onucron Pi.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Helen McShea, '42, to Alpha
Onucron Pi.
