# State Philological Association.
## 
### 
The fifth annual meeting of the
State Philological Association is to
he held in the Mark Hopkins In
stitute of Art in San Francisco
December 28th, 29th and 30th.
Several members of the Stanford
faculty will read papers at the
session. A feature of the program
will be the observance of the one
hundredth anniversary of the birth
of Johann Gottfried Herder, the
great German scholar.
The fifth annual meeting of the
State Philological Association is to
he held in the Mark Hopkins In
stitute of Art in San Francisco
December 28th, 29th and 30th.
Several members of the Stanford
faculty will read papers at the
session. A feature of the program
will be the observance of the one
hundredth anniversary of the birth
of Johann Gottfried Herder, the
great German scholar.
The fifth annual meeting of the
State Philological Association is to
he held in the Mark Hopkins In
stitute of Art in San Francisco
December 28th, 29th and 30th.
Several members of the Stanford
faculty will read papers at the
session. A feature of the program
will be the observance of the one
hundredth anniversary of the birth
of Johann Gottfried Herder, the
great German scholar.
The fifth annual meeting of the
State Philological Association is to
he held in the Mark Hopkins In
stitute of Art in San Francisco
December 28th, 29th and 30th.
Several members of the Stanford
faculty will read papers at the
session. A feature of the program
will be the observance of the one
hundredth anniversary of the birth
of Johann Gottfried Herder, the
great German scholar.
The fifth annual meeting of the
State Philological Association is to
he held in the Mark Hopkins In
stitute of Art in San Francisco
December 28th, 29th and 30th.
Several members of the Stanford
faculty will read papers at the
session. A feature of the program
will be the observance of the one
hundredth anniversary of the birth
of Johann Gottfried Herder, the
great German scholar.
The fifth annual meeting of the
State Philological Association is to
he held in the Mark Hopkins In
stitute of Art in San Francisco
December 28th, 29th and 30th.
Several members of the Stanford
faculty will read papers at the
session. A feature of the program
will be the observance of the one
hundredth anniversary of the birth
of Johann Gottfried Herder, the
great German scholar.
The fifth annual meeting of the
State Philological Association is to
he held in the Mark Hopkins In
stitute of Art in San Francisco
December 28th, 29th and 30th.
Several members of the Stanford
faculty will read papers at the
session. A feature of the program
will be the observance of the one
hundredth anniversary of the birth
of Johann Gottfried Herder, the
great German scholar.
The fifth annual meeting of the
State Philological Association is to
he held in the Mark Hopkins In
stitute of Art in San Francisco
December 28th, 29th and 30th.
Several members of the Stanford
faculty will read papers at the
session. A feature of the program
will be the observance of the one
hundredth anniversary of the birth
of Johann Gottfried Herder, the
great German scholar.
