# Fire Hose for Buildings.
## 
### 
Thirty-three pieces of two-inch
fire hose are being putin the
buidings of the facade. The hose
is in fifty-foot sections, and one
length is placed on each floor.
Thirty-three pieces of two-inch
fire hose are being putin the
buidings of the facade. The hose
is in fifty-foot sections, and one
length is placed on each floor.
Thirty-three pieces of two-inch
fire hose are being putin the
buidings of the facade. The hose
is in fifty-foot sections, and one
length is placed on each floor.
Thirty-three pieces of two-inch
fire hose are being putin the
buidings of the facade. The hose
is in fifty-foot sections, and one
length is placed on each floor.
Thirty-three pieces of two-inch
fire hose are being putin the
buidings of the facade. The hose
is in fifty-foot sections, and one
length is placed on each floor.
Thirty-three pieces of two-inch
fire hose are being putin the
buidings of the facade. The hose
is in fifty-foot sections, and one
length is placed on each floor.
Thirty-three pieces of two-inch
fire hose are being putin the
buidings of the facade. The hose
is in fifty-foot sections, and one
length is placed on each floor.
Thirty-three pieces of two-inch
fire hose are being putin the
buidings of the facade. The hose
is in fifty-foot sections, and one
length is placed on each floor.
