# Souvenir Football Program.
## 
### 
The souvenir program for the
intercollegiate football game this
year will be gotten out by the stu
dent bodies of the two universities.
The art work will be especially
good. Several artists in the city,
as well as some local artists, have
contributed some clever work. The
literary part is done by local men.
There is a detailed diagram of last
year's game, also a review of the
previous intercollegiate contests.
The half-tone engravings of the
teams and captains are unusually
good. There are also several pic
tures of the 1907 Fresh man game.
John T. Sheridan has several clever
sketches of football men. The pro
gram is being printed by the Sun
set Publishing Company, and will
be sold at twenty-five cents.
The material from Stanford is in
charge of Eugene Favre,'os. J. A.
Hallett of California has charge of
the material for his university.
The souvenir program for the
intercollegiate football game this
year will be gotten out by the stu
dent bodies of the two universities.
The art work will be especially
good. Several artists in the city,
as well as some local artists, have
contributed some clever work. The
literary part is done by local men.
There is a detailed diagram of last
year's game, also a review of the
previous intercollegiate contests.
The half-tone engravings of the
teams and captains are unusually
good. There are also several pic
tures of the 1907 Fresh man game.
John T. Sheridan has several clever
sketches of football men. The pro
gram is being printed by the Sun
set Publishing Company, and will
be sold at twenty-five cents.
The material from Stanford is in
charge of Eugene Favre,'os. J. A.
Hallett of California has charge of
the material for his university.
The souvenir program for the
intercollegiate football game this
year will be gotten out by the stu
dent bodies of the two universities.
The art work will be especially
good. Several artists in the city,
as well as some local artists, have
contributed some clever work. The
literary part is done by local men.
There is a detailed diagram of last
year's game, also a review of the
previous intercollegiate contests.
The half-tone engravings of the
teams and captains are unusually
good. There are also several pic
tures of the 1907 Fresh man game.
John T. Sheridan has several clever
sketches of football men. The pro
gram is being printed by the Sun
set Publishing Company, and will
be sold at twenty-five cents.
The material from Stanford is in
charge of Eugene Favre,'os. J. A.
Hallett of California has charge of
the material for his university.
The souvenir program for the
intercollegiate football game this
year will be gotten out by the stu
dent bodies of the two universities.
The art work will be especially
good. Several artists in the city,
as well as some local artists, have
contributed some clever work. The
literary part is done by local men.
There is a detailed diagram of last
year's game, also a review of the
previous intercollegiate contests.
The half-tone engravings of the
teams and captains are unusually
good. There are also several pic
tures of the 1907 Fresh man game.
John T. Sheridan has several clever
sketches of football men. The pro
gram is being printed by the Sun
set Publishing Company, and will
be sold at twenty-five cents.
The material from Stanford is in
charge of Eugene Favre,'os. J. A.
Hallett of California has charge of
the material for his university.
The souvenir program for the
intercollegiate football game this
year will be gotten out by the stu
dent bodies of the two universities.
The art work will be especially
good. Several artists in the city,
as well as some local artists, have
contributed some clever work. The
literary part is done by local men.
There is a detailed diagram of last
year's game, also a review of the
previous intercollegiate contests.
The half-tone engravings of the
teams and captains are unusually
good. There are also several pic
tures of the 1907 Fresh man game.
John T. Sheridan has several clever
sketches of football men. The pro
gram is being printed by the Sun
set Publishing Company, and will
be sold at twenty-five cents.
The material from Stanford is in
charge of Eugene Favre,'os. J. A.
Hallett of California has charge of
the material for his university.
The souvenir program for the
intercollegiate football game this
year will be gotten out by the stu
dent bodies of the two universities.
The art work will be especially
good. Several artists in the city,
as well as some local artists, have
contributed some clever work. The
literary part is done by local men.
There is a detailed diagram of last
year's game, also a review of the
previous intercollegiate contests.
The half-tone engravings of the
teams and captains are unusually
good. There are also several pic
tures of the 1907 Fresh man game.
John T. Sheridan has several clever
sketches of football men. The pro
gram is being printed by the Sun
set Publishing Company, and will
be sold at twenty-five cents.
The material from Stanford is in
charge of Eugene Favre,'os. J. A.
Hallett of California has charge of
the material for his university.
The souvenir program for the
intercollegiate football game this
year will be gotten out by the stu
dent bodies of the two universities.
The art work will be especially
good. Several artists in the city,
as well as some local artists, have
contributed some clever work. The
literary part is done by local men.
There is a detailed diagram of last
year's game, also a review of the
previous intercollegiate contests.
The half-tone engravings of the
teams and captains are unusually
good. There are also several pic
tures of the 1907 Fresh man game.
John T. Sheridan has several clever
sketches of football men. The pro
gram is being printed by the Sun
set Publishing Company, and will
be sold at twenty-five cents.
The material from Stanford is in
charge of Eugene Favre,'os. J. A.
Hallett of California has charge of
the material for his university.
The souvenir program for the
intercollegiate football game this
year will be gotten out by the stu
dent bodies of the two universities.
The art work will be especially
good. Several artists in the city,
as well as some local artists, have
contributed some clever work. The
literary part is done by local men.
There is a detailed diagram of last
year's game, also a review of the
previous intercollegiate contests.
The half-tone engravings of the
teams and captains are unusually
good. There are also several pic
tures of the 1907 Fresh man game.
John T. Sheridan has several clever
sketches of football men. The pro
gram is being printed by the Sun
set Publishing Company, and will
be sold at twenty-five cents.
The material from Stanford is in
charge of Eugene Favre,'os. J. A.
Hallett of California has charge of
the material for his university.
