# Spanish Club Meeting.
## 
### 
The Spanish Club executive com
mittee met today and decided to
have a meeting of the club Novem
ber 18th. V. R. Garfias, '06, will
give a reading at this meeting.
The Spanish Club executive com
mittee met today and decided to
have a meeting of the club Novem
ber 18th. V. R. Garfias, '06, will
give a reading at this meeting.
The Spanish Club executive com
mittee met today and decided to
have a meeting of the club Novem
ber 18th. V. R. Garfias, '06, will
give a reading at this meeting.
The Spanish Club executive com
mittee met today and decided to
have a meeting of the club Novem
ber 18th. V. R. Garfias, '06, will
give a reading at this meeting.
The Spanish Club executive com
mittee met today and decided to
have a meeting of the club Novem
ber 18th. V. R. Garfias, '06, will
give a reading at this meeting.
The Spanish Club executive com
mittee met today and decided to
have a meeting of the club Novem
ber 18th. V. R. Garfias, '06, will
give a reading at this meeting.
The Spanish Club executive com
mittee met today and decided to
have a meeting of the club Novem
ber 18th. V. R. Garfias, '06, will
give a reading at this meeting.
The Spanish Club executive com
mittee met today and decided to
have a meeting of the club Novem
ber 18th. V. R. Garfias, '06, will
give a reading at this meeting.
