# Adv. 6 Page 2
## 
### 
i
Was never late to
his 8 o'clock
The proud possessor of this
record, when interviewed,
said: "Nothing hard about
it—bought a Westclox alarm
at the University Pharmacy
—it has never failed me."
UNIVERSITV
PHARMAC I
(% block below the Circle)
i
Was never late to
his 8 o'clock
The proud possessor of this
record, when interviewed,
said: "Nothing hard about
it—bought a Westclox alarm
at the University Pharmacy
—it has never failed me."
UNIVERSITV
PHARMAC I
(% block below the Circle)
i
Was never late to
his 8 o'clock
The proud possessor of this
record, when interviewed,
said: "Nothing hard about
it—bought a Westclox alarm
at the University Pharmacy
—it has never failed me."
UNIVERSITV
PHARMAC I
(% block below the Circle)
i
Was never late to
his 8 o'clock
The proud possessor of this
record, when interviewed,
said: "Nothing hard about
it—bought a Westclox alarm
at the University Pharmacy
—it has never failed me."
UNIVERSITV
PHARMAC I
(% block below the Circle)
i
Was never late to
his 8 o'clock
The proud possessor of this
record, when interviewed,
said: "Nothing hard about
it—bought a Westclox alarm
at the University Pharmacy
—it has never failed me."
UNIVERSITV
PHARMAC I
(% block below the Circle)
i
Was never late to
his 8 o'clock
The proud possessor of this
record, when interviewed,
said: "Nothing hard about
it—bought a Westclox alarm
at the University Pharmacy
—it has never failed me."
UNIVERSITV
PHARMAC I
(% block below the Circle)
i
Was never late to
his 8 o'clock
The proud possessor of this
record, when interviewed,
said: "Nothing hard about
it—bought a Westclox alarm
at the University Pharmacy
—it has never failed me."
UNIVERSITV
PHARMAC I
(% block below the Circle)
i
Was never late to
his 8 o'clock
The proud possessor of this
record, when interviewed,
said: "Nothing hard about
it—bought a Westclox alarm
at the University Pharmacy
—it has never failed me."
UNIVERSITV
PHARMAC I
(% block below the Circle)
i
Was never late to
his 8 o'clock
The proud possessor of this
record, when interviewed,
said: "Nothing hard about
it—bought a Westclox alarm
at the University Pharmacy
—it has never failed me."
UNIVERSITV
PHARMAC I
(% block below the Circle)
i
Was never late to
his 8 o'clock
The proud possessor of this
record, when interviewed,
said: "Nothing hard about
it—bought a Westclox alarm
at the University Pharmacy
—it has never failed me."
UNIVERSITV
PHARMAC I
(% block below the Circle)
i
Was never late to
his 8 o'clock
The proud possessor of this
record, when interviewed,
said: "Nothing hard about
it—bought a Westclox alarm
at the University Pharmacy
—it has never failed me."
UNIVERSITV
PHARMAC I
(% block below the Circle)
i
Was never late to
his 8 o'clock
The proud possessor of this
record, when interviewed,
said: "Nothing hard about
it—bought a Westclox alarm
at the University Pharmacy
—it has never failed me."
UNIVERSITV
PHARMAC I
(% block below the Circle)
i
Was never late to
his 8 o'clock
The proud possessor of this
record, when interviewed,
said: "Nothing hard about
it—bought a Westclox alarm
at the University Pharmacy
—it has never failed me."
UNIVERSITV
PHARMAC I
(% block below the Circle)
i
Was never late to
his 8 o'clock
The proud possessor of this
record, when interviewed,
said: "Nothing hard about
it—bought a Westclox alarm
at the University Pharmacy
—it has never failed me."
UNIVERSITV
PHARMAC I
(% block below the Circle)
