# RUSSIAN EDUCATION SYSTEM FIELD FOR RESEARCH-ADAMS
## 
### 
Recent educational changes in Rus
sia provide a vast field for research
for students of education, according
to Dr. E. D. Adams of the History
department who spoke before the Edu
cation Club which met last night in
the Women's Clubhouse. Dr. Adams,
whose chief topic of discussion was
the Hoover War Library and its op
portunities for students of education,
outlined the documentary material in
that library which deals with educa
tion.
Speaking of education in other
countries, Dr. Evans declared that re
cent changes in education have been
more drastic in Russia than in any
other country. The whole education
al system is being remodelled by the
Russian Government in order to teach
the children the new ideas of govern
ment.
Recent educational changes in Rus
sia provide a vast field for research
for students of education, according
to Dr. E. D. Adams of the History
department who spoke before the Edu
cation Club which met last night in
the Women's Clubhouse. Dr. Adams,
whose chief topic of discussion was
the Hoover War Library and its op
portunities for students of education,
outlined the documentary material in
that library which deals with educa
tion.
Speaking of education in other
countries, Dr. Evans declared that re
cent changes in education have been
more drastic in Russia than in any
other country. The whole education
al system is being remodelled by the
Russian Government in order to teach
the children the new ideas of govern
ment.
Recent educational changes in Rus
sia provide a vast field for research
for students of education, according
to Dr. E. D. Adams of the History
department who spoke before the Edu
cation Club which met last night in
the Women's Clubhouse. Dr. Adams,
whose chief topic of discussion was
the Hoover War Library and its op
portunities for students of education,
outlined the documentary material in
that library which deals with educa
tion.
Speaking of education in other
countries, Dr. Evans declared that re
cent changes in education have been
more drastic in Russia than in any
other country. The whole education
al system is being remodelled by the
Russian Government in order to teach
the children the new ideas of govern
ment.
Recent educational changes in Rus
sia provide a vast field for research
for students of education, according
to Dr. E. D. Adams of the History
department who spoke before the Edu
cation Club which met last night in
the Women's Clubhouse. Dr. Adams,
whose chief topic of discussion was
the Hoover War Library and its op
portunities for students of education,
outlined the documentary material in
that library which deals with educa
tion.
Speaking of education in other
countries, Dr. Evans declared that re
cent changes in education have been
more drastic in Russia than in any
other country. The whole education
al system is being remodelled by the
Russian Government in order to teach
the children the new ideas of govern
ment.
Recent educational changes in Rus
sia provide a vast field for research
for students of education, according
to Dr. E. D. Adams of the History
department who spoke before the Edu
cation Club which met last night in
the Women's Clubhouse. Dr. Adams,
whose chief topic of discussion was
the Hoover War Library and its op
portunities for students of education,
outlined the documentary material in
that library which deals with educa
tion.
Speaking of education in other
countries, Dr. Evans declared that re
cent changes in education have been
more drastic in Russia than in any
other country. The whole education
al system is being remodelled by the
Russian Government in order to teach
the children the new ideas of govern
ment.
Recent educational changes in Rus
sia provide a vast field for research
for students of education, according
to Dr. E. D. Adams of the History
department who spoke before the Edu
cation Club which met last night in
the Women's Clubhouse. Dr. Adams,
whose chief topic of discussion was
the Hoover War Library and its op
portunities for students of education,
outlined the documentary material in
that library which deals with educa
tion.
Speaking of education in other
countries, Dr. Evans declared that re
cent changes in education have been
more drastic in Russia than in any
other country. The whole education
al system is being remodelled by the
Russian Government in order to teach
the children the new ideas of govern
ment.
Recent educational changes in Rus
sia provide a vast field for research
for students of education, according
to Dr. E. D. Adams of the History
department who spoke before the Edu
cation Club which met last night in
the Women's Clubhouse. Dr. Adams,
whose chief topic of discussion was
the Hoover War Library and its op
portunities for students of education,
outlined the documentary material in
that library which deals with educa
tion.
Speaking of education in other
countries, Dr. Evans declared that re
cent changes in education have been
more drastic in Russia than in any
other country. The whole education
al system is being remodelled by the
Russian Government in order to teach
the children the new ideas of govern
ment.
Recent educational changes in Rus
sia provide a vast field for research
for students of education, according
to Dr. E. D. Adams of the History
department who spoke before the Edu
cation Club which met last night in
the Women's Clubhouse. Dr. Adams,
whose chief topic of discussion was
the Hoover War Library and its op
portunities for students of education,
outlined the documentary material in
that library which deals with educa
tion.
Speaking of education in other
countries, Dr. Evans declared that re
cent changes in education have been
more drastic in Russia than in any
other country. The whole education
al system is being remodelled by the
Russian Government in order to teach
the children the new ideas of govern
ment.
Recent educational changes in Rus
sia provide a vast field for research
for students of education, according
to Dr. E. D. Adams of the History
department who spoke before the Edu
cation Club which met last night in
the Women's Clubhouse. Dr. Adams,
whose chief topic of discussion was
the Hoover War Library and its op
portunities for students of education,
outlined the documentary material in
that library which deals with educa
tion.
Speaking of education in other
countries, Dr. Evans declared that re
cent changes in education have been
more drastic in Russia than in any
other country. The whole education
al system is being remodelled by the
Russian Government in order to teach
the children the new ideas of govern
ment.
Recent educational changes in Rus
sia provide a vast field for research
for students of education, according
to Dr. E. D. Adams of the History
department who spoke before the Edu
cation Club which met last night in
the Women's Clubhouse. Dr. Adams,
whose chief topic of discussion was
the Hoover War Library and its op
portunities for students of education,
outlined the documentary material in
that library which deals with educa
tion.
Speaking of education in other
countries, Dr. Evans declared that re
cent changes in education have been
more drastic in Russia than in any
other country. The whole education
al system is being remodelled by the
Russian Government in order to teach
the children the new ideas of govern
ment.
Recent educational changes in Rus
sia provide a vast field for research
for students of education, according
to Dr. E. D. Adams of the History
department who spoke before the Edu
cation Club which met last night in
the Women's Clubhouse. Dr. Adams,
whose chief topic of discussion was
the Hoover War Library and its op
portunities for students of education,
outlined the documentary material in
that library which deals with educa
tion.
Speaking of education in other
countries, Dr. Evans declared that re
cent changes in education have been
more drastic in Russia than in any
other country. The whole education
al system is being remodelled by the
Russian Government in order to teach
the children the new ideas of govern
ment.
Recent educational changes in Rus
sia provide a vast field for research
for students of education, according
to Dr. E. D. Adams of the History
department who spoke before the Edu
cation Club which met last night in
the Women's Clubhouse. Dr. Adams,
whose chief topic of discussion was
the Hoover War Library and its op
portunities for students of education,
outlined the documentary material in
that library which deals with educa
tion.
Speaking of education in other
countries, Dr. Evans declared that re
cent changes in education have been
more drastic in Russia than in any
other country. The whole education
al system is being remodelled by the
Russian Government in order to teach
the children the new ideas of govern
ment.
Recent educational changes in Rus
sia provide a vast field for research
for students of education, according
to Dr. E. D. Adams of the History
department who spoke before the Edu
cation Club which met last night in
the Women's Clubhouse. Dr. Adams,
whose chief topic of discussion was
the Hoover War Library and its op
portunities for students of education,
outlined the documentary material in
that library which deals with educa
tion.
Speaking of education in other
countries, Dr. Evans declared that re
cent changes in education have been
more drastic in Russia than in any
other country. The whole education
al system is being remodelled by the
Russian Government in order to teach
the children the new ideas of govern
ment.
Recent educational changes in Rus
sia provide a vast field for research
for students of education, according
to Dr. E. D. Adams of the History
department who spoke before the Edu
cation Club which met last night in
the Women's Clubhouse. Dr. Adams,
whose chief topic of discussion was
the Hoover War Library and its op
portunities for students of education,
outlined the documentary material in
that library which deals with educa
tion.
Speaking of education in other
countries, Dr. Evans declared that re
cent changes in education have been
more drastic in Russia than in any
other country. The whole education
al system is being remodelled by the
Russian Government in order to teach
the children the new ideas of govern
ment.
