# CHARLESTON ADOPTED
## 
### 
The Charleston has been adopted by
the West Virginia University wres
tling squad as a part of its training
program to aid in the development of
footwork.
The Charleston has been adopted by
the West Virginia University wres
tling squad as a part of its training
program to aid in the development of
footwork.
The Charleston has been adopted by
the West Virginia University wres
tling squad as a part of its training
program to aid in the development of
footwork.
The Charleston has been adopted by
the West Virginia University wres
tling squad as a part of its training
program to aid in the development of
footwork.
The Charleston has been adopted by
the West Virginia University wres
tling squad as a part of its training
program to aid in the development of
footwork.
The Charleston has been adopted by
the West Virginia University wres
tling squad as a part of its training
program to aid in the development of
footwork.
The Charleston has been adopted by
the West Virginia University wres
tling squad as a part of its training
program to aid in the development of
footwork.
The Charleston has been adopted by
the West Virginia University wres
tling squad as a part of its training
program to aid in the development of
footwork.
The Charleston has been adopted by
the West Virginia University wres
tling squad as a part of its training
program to aid in the development of
footwork.
The Charleston has been adopted by
the West Virginia University wres
tling squad as a part of its training
program to aid in the development of
footwork.
The Charleston has been adopted by
the West Virginia University wres
tling squad as a part of its training
program to aid in the development of
footwork.
The Charleston has been adopted by
the West Virginia University wres
tling squad as a part of its training
program to aid in the development of
footwork.
The Charleston has been adopted by
the West Virginia University wres
tling squad as a part of its training
program to aid in the development of
footwork.
The Charleston has been adopted by
the West Virginia University wres
tling squad as a part of its training
program to aid in the development of
footwork.
