# ANNOUNCEMENT
## 
### 
Irish Marathon tryouts are being
held daily at th eold oval. Any men
wishing to try out report there in
uniform.
Irish Marathon tryouts are being
held daily at th eold oval. Any men
wishing to try out report there in
uniform.
Irish Marathon tryouts are being
held daily at th eold oval. Any men
wishing to try out report there in
uniform.
Irish Marathon tryouts are being
held daily at th eold oval. Any men
wishing to try out report there in
uniform.
Irish Marathon tryouts are being
held daily at th eold oval. Any men
wishing to try out report there in
uniform.
Irish Marathon tryouts are being
held daily at th eold oval. Any men
wishing to try out report there in
uniform.
Irish Marathon tryouts are being
held daily at th eold oval. Any men
wishing to try out report there in
uniform.
Irish Marathon tryouts are being
held daily at th eold oval. Any men
wishing to try out report there in
uniform.
Irish Marathon tryouts are being
held daily at th eold oval. Any men
wishing to try out report there in
uniform.
Irish Marathon tryouts are being
held daily at th eold oval. Any men
wishing to try out report there in
uniform.
Irish Marathon tryouts are being
held daily at th eold oval. Any men
wishing to try out report there in
uniform.
Irish Marathon tryouts are being
held daily at th eold oval. Any men
wishing to try out report there in
uniform.
Irish Marathon tryouts are being
held daily at th eold oval. Any men
wishing to try out report there in
uniform.
Irish Marathon tryouts are being
held daily at th eold oval. Any men
wishing to try out report there in
uniform.
