# WSSF Benefits Foreign Students
## 
### 
The World Student Service Fund
can help in the re-education of the
Germans without having the recip
ient's tagged with the name of col
laborationist as are those who work
with the Allied occupiers in the
west, said Bent Jorgenson in a
speech at the Village last night.
He said that the denazification
program in the west has failed and
that people no longer deny their af
filiation with the Nazis. The re-ed
ucation program, he said, is being
well run but the Germans regard
the collaborationists as traitors.
Jorgenson, editor of a Danish un
derground newspaper during the
German occupation, described the
work of the WSSF in aiding stu
dents in both Europe and Asia. He
said that the help that the WSSF is
giving to students in displaced per
sons' camps is no small part of the
fund's program.
The World Student Service Fund
can help in the re-education of the
Germans without having the recip
ient's tagged with the name of col
laborationist as are those who work
with the Allied occupiers in the
west, said Bent Jorgenson in a
speech at the Village last night.
He said that the denazification
program in the west has failed and
that people no longer deny their af
filiation with the Nazis. The re-ed
ucation program, he said, is being
well run but the Germans regard
the collaborationists as traitors.
Jorgenson, editor of a Danish un
derground newspaper during the
German occupation, described the
work of the WSSF in aiding stu
dents in both Europe and Asia. He
said that the help that the WSSF is
giving to students in displaced per
sons' camps is no small part of the
fund's program.
The World Student Service Fund
can help in the re-education of the
Germans without having the recip
ient's tagged with the name of col
laborationist as are those who work
with the Allied occupiers in the
west, said Bent Jorgenson in a
speech at the Village last night.
He said that the denazification
program in the west has failed and
that people no longer deny their af
filiation with the Nazis. The re-ed
ucation program, he said, is being
well run but the Germans regard
the collaborationists as traitors.
Jorgenson, editor of a Danish un
derground newspaper during the
German occupation, described the
work of the WSSF in aiding stu
dents in both Europe and Asia. He
said that the help that the WSSF is
giving to students in displaced per
sons' camps is no small part of the
fund's program.
The World Student Service Fund
can help in the re-education of the
Germans without having the recip
ient's tagged with the name of col
laborationist as are those who work
with the Allied occupiers in the
west, said Bent Jorgenson in a
speech at the Village last night.
He said that the denazification
program in the west has failed and
that people no longer deny their af
filiation with the Nazis. The re-ed
ucation program, he said, is being
well run but the Germans regard
the collaborationists as traitors.
Jorgenson, editor of a Danish un
derground newspaper during the
German occupation, described the
work of the WSSF in aiding stu
dents in both Europe and Asia. He
said that the help that the WSSF is
giving to students in displaced per
sons' camps is no small part of the
fund's program.
The World Student Service Fund
can help in the re-education of the
Germans without having the recip
ient's tagged with the name of col
laborationist as are those who work
with the Allied occupiers in the
west, said Bent Jorgenson in a
speech at the Village last night.
He said that the denazification
program in the west has failed and
that people no longer deny their af
filiation with the Nazis. The re-ed
ucation program, he said, is being
well run but the Germans regard
the collaborationists as traitors.
Jorgenson, editor of a Danish un
derground newspaper during the
German occupation, described the
work of the WSSF in aiding stu
dents in both Europe and Asia. He
said that the help that the WSSF is
giving to students in displaced per
sons' camps is no small part of the
fund's program.
The World Student Service Fund
can help in the re-education of the
Germans without having the recip
ient's tagged with the name of col
laborationist as are those who work
with the Allied occupiers in the
west, said Bent Jorgenson in a
speech at the Village last night.
He said that the denazification
program in the west has failed and
that people no longer deny their af
filiation with the Nazis. The re-ed
ucation program, he said, is being
well run but the Germans regard
the collaborationists as traitors.
Jorgenson, editor of a Danish un
derground newspaper during the
German occupation, described the
work of the WSSF in aiding stu
dents in both Europe and Asia. He
said that the help that the WSSF is
giving to students in displaced per
sons' camps is no small part of the
fund's program.
The World Student Service Fund
can help in the re-education of the
Germans without having the recip
ient's tagged with the name of col
laborationist as are those who work
with the Allied occupiers in the
west, said Bent Jorgenson in a
speech at the Village last night.
He said that the denazification
program in the west has failed and
that people no longer deny their af
filiation with the Nazis. The re-ed
ucation program, he said, is being
well run but the Germans regard
the collaborationists as traitors.
Jorgenson, editor of a Danish un
derground newspaper during the
German occupation, described the
work of the WSSF in aiding stu
dents in both Europe and Asia. He
said that the help that the WSSF is
giving to students in displaced per
sons' camps is no small part of the
fund's program.
The World Student Service Fund
can help in the re-education of the
Germans without having the recip
ient's tagged with the name of col
laborationist as are those who work
with the Allied occupiers in the
west, said Bent Jorgenson in a
speech at the Village last night.
He said that the denazification
program in the west has failed and
that people no longer deny their af
filiation with the Nazis. The re-ed
ucation program, he said, is being
well run but the Germans regard
the collaborationists as traitors.
Jorgenson, editor of a Danish un
derground newspaper during the
German occupation, described the
work of the WSSF in aiding stu
dents in both Europe and Asia. He
said that the help that the WSSF is
giving to students in displaced per
sons' camps is no small part of the
fund's program.
The World Student Service Fund
can help in the re-education of the
Germans without having the recip
ient's tagged with the name of col
laborationist as are those who work
with the Allied occupiers in the
west, said Bent Jorgenson in a
speech at the Village last night.
He said that the denazification
program in the west has failed and
that people no longer deny their af
filiation with the Nazis. The re-ed
ucation program, he said, is being
well run but the Germans regard
the collaborationists as traitors.
Jorgenson, editor of a Danish un
derground newspaper during the
German occupation, described the
work of the WSSF in aiding stu
dents in both Europe and Asia. He
said that the help that the WSSF is
giving to students in displaced per
sons' camps is no small part of the
fund's program.
The World Student Service Fund
can help in the re-education of the
Germans without having the recip
ient's tagged with the name of col
laborationist as are those who work
with the Allied occupiers in the
west, said Bent Jorgenson in a
speech at the Village last night.
He said that the denazification
program in the west has failed and
that people no longer deny their af
filiation with the Nazis. The re-ed
ucation program, he said, is being
well run but the Germans regard
the collaborationists as traitors.
Jorgenson, editor of a Danish un
derground newspaper during the
German occupation, described the
work of the WSSF in aiding stu
dents in both Europe and Asia. He
said that the help that the WSSF is
giving to students in displaced per
sons' camps is no small part of the
fund's program.
The World Student Service Fund
can help in the re-education of the
Germans without having the recip
ient's tagged with the name of col
laborationist as are those who work
with the Allied occupiers in the
west, said Bent Jorgenson in a
speech at the Village last night.
He said that the denazification
program in the west has failed and
that people no longer deny their af
filiation with the Nazis. The re-ed
ucation program, he said, is being
well run but the Germans regard
the collaborationists as traitors.
Jorgenson, editor of a Danish un
derground newspaper during the
German occupation, described the
work of the WSSF in aiding stu
dents in both Europe and Asia. He
said that the help that the WSSF is
giving to students in displaced per
sons' camps is no small part of the
fund's program.
The World Student Service Fund
can help in the re-education of the
Germans without having the recip
ient's tagged with the name of col
laborationist as are those who work
with the Allied occupiers in the
west, said Bent Jorgenson in a
speech at the Village last night.
He said that the denazification
program in the west has failed and
that people no longer deny their af
filiation with the Nazis. The re-ed
ucation program, he said, is being
well run but the Germans regard
the collaborationists as traitors.
Jorgenson, editor of a Danish un
derground newspaper during the
German occupation, described the
work of the WSSF in aiding stu
dents in both Europe and Asia. He
said that the help that the WSSF is
giving to students in displaced per
sons' camps is no small part of the
fund's program.
The World Student Service Fund
can help in the re-education of the
Germans without having the recip
ient's tagged with the name of col
laborationist as are those who work
with the Allied occupiers in the
west, said Bent Jorgenson in a
speech at the Village last night.
He said that the denazification
program in the west has failed and
that people no longer deny their af
filiation with the Nazis. The re-ed
ucation program, he said, is being
well run but the Germans regard
the collaborationists as traitors.
Jorgenson, editor of a Danish un
derground newspaper during the
German occupation, described the
work of the WSSF in aiding stu
dents in both Europe and Asia. He
said that the help that the WSSF is
giving to students in displaced per
sons' camps is no small part of the
fund's program.
The World Student Service Fund
can help in the re-education of the
Germans without having the recip
ient's tagged with the name of col
laborationist as are those who work
with the Allied occupiers in the
west, said Bent Jorgenson in a
speech at the Village last night.
He said that the denazification
program in the west has failed and
that people no longer deny their af
filiation with the Nazis. The re-ed
ucation program, he said, is being
well run but the Germans regard
the collaborationists as traitors.
Jorgenson, editor of a Danish un
derground newspaper during the
German occupation, described the
work of the WSSF in aiding stu
dents in both Europe and Asia. He
said that the help that the WSSF is
giving to students in displaced per
sons' camps is no small part of the
fund's program.
The World Student Service Fund
can help in the re-education of the
Germans without having the recip
ient's tagged with the name of col
laborationist as are those who work
with the Allied occupiers in the
west, said Bent Jorgenson in a
speech at the Village last night.
He said that the denazification
program in the west has failed and
that people no longer deny their af
filiation with the Nazis. The re-ed
ucation program, he said, is being
well run but the Germans regard
the collaborationists as traitors.
Jorgenson, editor of a Danish un
derground newspaper during the
German occupation, described the
work of the WSSF in aiding stu
dents in both Europe and Asia. He
said that the help that the WSSF is
giving to students in displaced per
sons' camps is no small part of the
fund's program.
The World Student Service Fund
can help in the re-education of the
Germans without having the recip
ient's tagged with the name of col
laborationist as are those who work
with the Allied occupiers in the
west, said Bent Jorgenson in a
speech at the Village last night.
He said that the denazification
program in the west has failed and
that people no longer deny their af
filiation with the Nazis. The re-ed
ucation program, he said, is being
well run but the Germans regard
the collaborationists as traitors.
Jorgenson, editor of a Danish un
derground newspaper during the
German occupation, described the
work of the WSSF in aiding stu
dents in both Europe and Asia. He
said that the help that the WSSF is
giving to students in displaced per
sons' camps is no small part of the
fund's program.
