# Adv. 214 Page 57
## 
### 
YOUR GREATEST
TRIBUTE... THE
ELIMINATION
OF CANCER.
A Memorial Gift to the
American Cancer Society is a
meaningful remembrance of
loved ones at a time when
meanings are so important
And they help the Society
carry on its important
programs of cancer control.
Tor more information, contact
your local American Cancer
Society.
AMERICAN
v CANCER
? SOCIETY*
YOUR GREATEST
TRIBUTE... THE
ELIMINATION
OF CANCER.
A Memorial Gift to the
American Cancer Society is a
meaningful remembrance of
loved ones at a time when
meanings are so important
And they help the Society
carry on its important
programs of cancer control.
Tor more information, contact
your local American Cancer
Society.
AMERICAN
v CANCER
? SOCIETY*
YOUR GREATEST
TRIBUTE... THE
ELIMINATION
OF CANCER.
A Memorial Gift to the
American Cancer Society is a
meaningful remembrance of
loved ones at a time when
meanings are so important
And they help the Society
carry on its important
programs of cancer control.
Tor more information, contact
your local American Cancer
Society.
AMERICAN
v CANCER
? SOCIETY*
YOUR GREATEST
TRIBUTE... THE
ELIMINATION
OF CANCER.
A Memorial Gift to the
American Cancer Society is a
meaningful remembrance of
loved ones at a time when
meanings are so important
And they help the Society
carry on its important
programs of cancer control.
Tor more information, contact
your local American Cancer
Society.
AMERICAN
v CANCER
? SOCIETY*
YOUR GREATEST
TRIBUTE... THE
ELIMINATION
OF CANCER.
A Memorial Gift to the
American Cancer Society is a
meaningful remembrance of
loved ones at a time when
meanings are so important
And they help the Society
carry on its important
programs of cancer control.
Tor more information, contact
your local American Cancer
Society.
AMERICAN
v CANCER
? SOCIETY*
YOUR GREATEST
TRIBUTE... THE
ELIMINATION
OF CANCER.
A Memorial Gift to the
American Cancer Society is a
meaningful remembrance of
loved ones at a time when
meanings are so important
And they help the Society
carry on its important
programs of cancer control.
Tor more information, contact
your local American Cancer
Society.
AMERICAN
v CANCER
? SOCIETY*
YOUR GREATEST
TRIBUTE... THE
ELIMINATION
OF CANCER.
A Memorial Gift to the
American Cancer Society is a
meaningful remembrance of
loved ones at a time when
meanings are so important
And they help the Society
carry on its important
programs of cancer control.
Tor more information, contact
your local American Cancer
Society.
AMERICAN
v CANCER
? SOCIETY*
