# Where to spend a night in Napa
## 
### Jeffrey Maltzman 
In this era of ultramodern
hotels, motels and executive air
port suites, a true country inn
is a refreshing rarity. The Villa
St. Helena in the Napa Valley
is a postcard-perfect model of a
country inn. The Villa sits high
atop 20 acres of peaceful wood
land overlooking the Napa Val
ley.
This bed-and-breakfast has
countless bedrooms, each with
a distinctly unique decor. One
room is decorated in the soft
whites and lace of the Victorian

period, while the adjacent room
is rich with heavy, dark redwood
turn-of-the-century antiques.
Each room has a private bath.
Despite its countless bedrooms,
the Villa St. Helena caters to
only three fortunate couples on
any given night. Guests can en
joy the spacious common rooms.
There is a beamed ceiling living
room that forms the gathering
place of this 12,000-square-foot,
three-level estate.
Off the living room is a cozy
library with a fireplace and
enough literature to keep guests
reading material for decades. On

the other side of the living room
is a breakfast alcove overlooking
a large courtyard and swimming
pool.
The Villa St. Helena protects
its exclusive romantic ambiance
by means of a three-quarter
mile-long private driveway. This
bed-and-breakfast inn is not for
everyone. There are no televi
sions. Instead, guests are sup
plied with a complimentary bot
tle of wine with which to enter
tain themselves.
For reservations, call (707)
963-2514.
In this era of ultramodern
hotels, motels and executive air
port suites, a true country inn
is a refreshing rarity. The Villa
St. Helena in the Napa Valley
is a postcard-perfect model of a
country inn. The Villa sits high
atop 20 acres of peaceful wood
land overlooking the Napa Val
ley.
This bed-and-breakfast has
countless bedrooms, each with
a distinctly unique decor. One
room is decorated in the soft
whites and lace of the Victorian

period, while the adjacent room
is rich with heavy, dark redwood
turn-of-the-century antiques.
Each room has a private bath.
Despite its countless bedrooms,
the Villa St. Helena caters to
only three fortunate couples on
any given night. Guests can en
joy the spacious common rooms.
There is a beamed ceiling living
room that forms the gathering
place of this 12,000-square-foot,
three-level estate.
Off the living room is a cozy
library with a fireplace and
enough literature to keep guests
reading material for decades. On

the other side of the living room
is a breakfast alcove overlooking
a large courtyard and swimming
pool.
The Villa St. Helena protects
its exclusive romantic ambiance
by means of a three-quarter
mile-long private driveway. This
bed-and-breakfast inn is not for
everyone. There are no televi
sions. Instead, guests are sup
plied with a complimentary bot
tle of wine with which to enter
tain themselves.
For reservations, call (707)
963-2514.
In this era of ultramodern
hotels, motels and executive air
port suites, a true country inn
is a refreshing rarity. The Villa
St. Helena in the Napa Valley
is a postcard-perfect model of a
country inn. The Villa sits high
atop 20 acres of peaceful wood
land overlooking the Napa Val
ley.
This bed-and-breakfast has
countless bedrooms, each with
a distinctly unique decor. One
room is decorated in the soft
whites and lace of the Victorian

period, while the adjacent room
is rich with heavy, dark redwood
turn-of-the-century antiques.
Each room has a private bath.
Despite its countless bedrooms,
the Villa St. Helena caters to
only three fortunate couples on
any given night. Guests can en
joy the spacious common rooms.
There is a beamed ceiling living
room that forms the gathering
place of this 12,000-square-foot,
three-level estate.
Off the living room is a cozy
library with a fireplace and
enough literature to keep guests
reading material for decades. On

the other side of the living room
is a breakfast alcove overlooking
a large courtyard and swimming
pool.
The Villa St. Helena protects
its exclusive romantic ambiance
by means of a three-quarter
mile-long private driveway. This
bed-and-breakfast inn is not for
everyone. There are no televi
sions. Instead, guests are sup
plied with a complimentary bot
tle of wine with which to enter
tain themselves.
For reservations, call (707)
963-2514.
In this era of ultramodern
hotels, motels and executive air
port suites, a true country inn
is a refreshing rarity. The Villa
St. Helena in the Napa Valley
is a postcard-perfect model of a
country inn. The Villa sits high
atop 20 acres of peaceful wood
land overlooking the Napa Val
ley.
This bed-and-breakfast has
countless bedrooms, each with
a distinctly unique decor. One
room is decorated in the soft
whites and lace of the Victorian

period, while the adjacent room
is rich with heavy, dark redwood
turn-of-the-century antiques.
Each room has a private bath.
Despite its countless bedrooms,
the Villa St. Helena caters to
only three fortunate couples on
any given night. Guests can en
joy the spacious common rooms.
There is a beamed ceiling living
room that forms the gathering
place of this 12,000-square-foot,
three-level estate.
Off the living room is a cozy
library with a fireplace and
enough literature to keep guests
reading material for decades. On

the other side of the living room
is a breakfast alcove overlooking
a large courtyard and swimming
pool.
The Villa St. Helena protects
its exclusive romantic ambiance
by means of a three-quarter
mile-long private driveway. This
bed-and-breakfast inn is not for
everyone. There are no televi
sions. Instead, guests are sup
plied with a complimentary bot
tle of wine with which to enter
tain themselves.
For reservations, call (707)
963-2514.
In this era of ultramodern
hotels, motels and executive air
port suites, a true country inn
is a refreshing rarity. The Villa
St. Helena in the Napa Valley
is a postcard-perfect model of a
country inn. The Villa sits high
atop 20 acres of peaceful wood
land overlooking the Napa Val
ley.
This bed-and-breakfast has
countless bedrooms, each with
a distinctly unique decor. One
room is decorated in the soft
whites and lace of the Victorian

period, while the adjacent room
is rich with heavy, dark redwood
turn-of-the-century antiques.
Each room has a private bath.
Despite its countless bedrooms,
the Villa St. Helena caters to
only three fortunate couples on
any given night. Guests can en
joy the spacious common rooms.
There is a beamed ceiling living
room that forms the gathering
place of this 12,000-square-foot,
three-level estate.
Off the living room is a cozy
library with a fireplace and
enough literature to keep guests
reading material for decades. On

the other side of the living room
is a breakfast alcove overlooking
a large courtyard and swimming
pool.
The Villa St. Helena protects
its exclusive romantic ambiance
by means of a three-quarter
mile-long private driveway. This
bed-and-breakfast inn is not for
everyone. There are no televi
sions. Instead, guests are sup
plied with a complimentary bot
tle of wine with which to enter
tain themselves.
For reservations, call (707)
963-2514.
In this era of ultramodern
hotels, motels and executive air
port suites, a true country inn
is a refreshing rarity. The Villa
St. Helena in the Napa Valley
is a postcard-perfect model of a
country inn. The Villa sits high
atop 20 acres of peaceful wood
land overlooking the Napa Val
ley.
This bed-and-breakfast has
countless bedrooms, each with
a distinctly unique decor. One
room is decorated in the soft
whites and lace of the Victorian

period, while the adjacent room
is rich with heavy, dark redwood
turn-of-the-century antiques.
Each room has a private bath.
Despite its countless bedrooms,
the Villa St. Helena caters to
only three fortunate couples on
any given night. Guests can en
joy the spacious common rooms.
There is a beamed ceiling living
room that forms the gathering
place of this 12,000-square-foot,
three-level estate.
Off the living room is a cozy
library with a fireplace and
enough literature to keep guests
reading material for decades. On

the other side of the living room
is a breakfast alcove overlooking
a large courtyard and swimming
pool.
The Villa St. Helena protects
its exclusive romantic ambiance
by means of a three-quarter
mile-long private driveway. This
bed-and-breakfast inn is not for
everyone. There are no televi
sions. Instead, guests are sup
plied with a complimentary bot
tle of wine with which to enter
tain themselves.
For reservations, call (707)
963-2514.
In this era of ultramodern
hotels, motels and executive air
port suites, a true country inn
is a refreshing rarity. The Villa
St. Helena in the Napa Valley
is a postcard-perfect model of a
country inn. The Villa sits high
atop 20 acres of peaceful wood
land overlooking the Napa Val
ley.
This bed-and-breakfast has
countless bedrooms, each with
a distinctly unique decor. One
room is decorated in the soft
whites and lace of the Victorian

period, while the adjacent room
is rich with heavy, dark redwood
turn-of-the-century antiques.
Each room has a private bath.
Despite its countless bedrooms,
the Villa St. Helena caters to
only three fortunate couples on
any given night. Guests can en
joy the spacious common rooms.
There is a beamed ceiling living
room that forms the gathering
place of this 12,000-square-foot,
three-level estate.
Off the living room is a cozy
library with a fireplace and
enough literature to keep guests
reading material for decades. On

the other side of the living room
is a breakfast alcove overlooking
a large courtyard and swimming
pool.
The Villa St. Helena protects
its exclusive romantic ambiance
by means of a three-quarter
mile-long private driveway. This
bed-and-breakfast inn is not for
everyone. There are no televi
sions. Instead, guests are sup
plied with a complimentary bot
tle of wine with which to enter
tain themselves.
For reservations, call (707)
963-2514.
