# 'Come as You Are' Melodrama Theme
## 
### 
Jeans, cotton dresses, formals,
whatever you fee! like wearing will
be appropriate at the melodrama
production of "East Lynne" this
Friday and Saturday night, accord
ing to Jan Swan, Spring Show di
rector.
"It'll be a big party-time," she
continued, "and popcorn, pretzels,
and cokes may be eaten and drunk
during the performance."
The show this year tells the sad,
Gay Nineties tale of a misunder
stood gal who lives happily evah
after until she discovers her hus
band loves another. She then slips
from her shaky pedestal and hits
the forbidden road with gusto, only
to die a touching death of con
sumption.
A murder, deaths, and an illegiti
mate child complicate the situation
in the three-act play.
Tickets are on sale today at the
Engineering corner and will sell
for 55 cents, 76 cents, and $1.
Olio acts at the end oi the show
will conclude the production.
