# Untitled Article
## 
### 
lii a recent meeting of the rowing
representatives of Harvard, Vale,
Cornel], Columbia, and University
of Pennsylvania, the dates for the
rowing contests were fixed. It was
also decided that all the races
should he rowed on the Hudson at
Poughkeepsie.
lii a recent meeting of the rowing
representatives of Harvard, Vale,
Cornel], Columbia, and University
of Pennsylvania, the dates for the
rowing contests were fixed. It was
also decided that all the races
should he rowed on the Hudson at
Poughkeepsie.
lii a recent meeting of the rowing
representatives of Harvard, Vale,
Cornel], Columbia, and University
of Pennsylvania, the dates for the
rowing contests were fixed. It was
also decided that all the races
should he rowed on the Hudson at
Poughkeepsie.
lii a recent meeting of the rowing
representatives of Harvard, Vale,
Cornel], Columbia, and University
of Pennsylvania, the dates for the
rowing contests were fixed. It was
also decided that all the races
should he rowed on the Hudson at
Poughkeepsie.
lii a recent meeting of the rowing
representatives of Harvard, Vale,
Cornel], Columbia, and University
of Pennsylvania, the dates for the
rowing contests were fixed. It was
also decided that all the races
should he rowed on the Hudson at
Poughkeepsie.
