# ASSU NOTES
## 
### 
All social events to appear oil
the spring quarter Social Calen
dar must be turned in to the
ASSU office by We d nes d a y,
LASSU Vice President Julie
Hirsch announced.
All social events to appear oil
the spring quarter Social Calen
dar must be turned in to the
ASSU office by We d nes d a y,
LASSU Vice President Julie
Hirsch announced.
All social events to appear oil
the spring quarter Social Calen
dar must be turned in to the
ASSU office by We d nes d a y,
LASSU Vice President Julie
Hirsch announced.
All social events to appear oil
the spring quarter Social Calen
dar must be turned in to the
ASSU office by We d nes d a y,
LASSU Vice President Julie
Hirsch announced.
All social events to appear oil
the spring quarter Social Calen
dar must be turned in to the
ASSU office by We d nes d a y,
LASSU Vice President Julie
Hirsch announced.
All social events to appear oil
the spring quarter Social Calen
dar must be turned in to the
ASSU office by We d nes d a y,
LASSU Vice President Julie
Hirsch announced.
All social events to appear oil
the spring quarter Social Calen
dar must be turned in to the
ASSU office by We d nes d a y,
LASSU Vice President Julie
Hirsch announced.
All social events to appear oil
the spring quarter Social Calen
dar must be turned in to the
ASSU office by We d nes d a y,
LASSU Vice President Julie
Hirsch announced.
All social events to appear oil
the spring quarter Social Calen
dar must be turned in to the
ASSU office by We d nes d a y,
LASSU Vice President Julie
Hirsch announced.
All social events to appear oil
the spring quarter Social Calen
dar must be turned in to the
ASSU office by We d nes d a y,
LASSU Vice President Julie
Hirsch announced.
All social events to appear oil
the spring quarter Social Calen
dar must be turned in to the
ASSU office by We d nes d a y,
LASSU Vice President Julie
Hirsch announced.
All social events to appear oil
the spring quarter Social Calen
dar must be turned in to the
ASSU office by We d nes d a y,
LASSU Vice President Julie
Hirsch announced.
All social events to appear oil
the spring quarter Social Calen
dar must be turned in to the
ASSU office by We d nes d a y,
LASSU Vice President Julie
Hirsch announced.
All social events to appear oil
the spring quarter Social Calen
dar must be turned in to the
ASSU office by We d nes d a y,
LASSU Vice President Julie
Hirsch announced.
All social events to appear oil
the spring quarter Social Calen
dar must be turned in to the
ASSU office by We d nes d a y,
LASSU Vice President Julie
Hirsch announced.
All social events to appear oil
the spring quarter Social Calen
dar must be turned in to the
ASSU office by We d nes d a y,
LASSU Vice President Julie
Hirsch announced.
All social events to appear oil
the spring quarter Social Calen
dar must be turned in to the
ASSU office by We d nes d a y,
LASSU Vice President Julie
Hirsch announced.
