# 'Sin Sin' Plot is 'Naughty, Naughty'
## Ram's Head Performance To Be Concerned With Vice 
### 
"Sin Sin.'' the Ram's Head musical
extravaganza which will be produced on
March 12, is a burlesque on reform. The
first act of the production concerns it
self with vice of all forms, and the sec
ond act is as much concerned with all
kinds of reform, after vice has been
chased away by the reformers. The
setting of "Sin Sin" is in a college
community, and all the collegiate vices
are amply reformed by Little Violet,
the "reformess," played by M. D. (Fat)
(•"lowers, '17. and Wieland Gulp, the re
former, whose part is taken by J. P.
Schnier. '20, a well-known Ram's Head
comedian.
Many ludicrous situations, attendant
on these complications, ensue when this
doughty pair of reformers start to
"clean up" the college community. When
the first curtain goes up, a scene of un
restrained collegiate wickedness is dis
covered, and it is much to the credit of
the reformers, and incidentally the in
genuity of the playwrights, namely, S.
E. Briggs, '19, and M. L. Levy, '19, that
this campus of vice is finally purified
when the last curtain drops.
Original songs for the production have
been written by L. W. McDermott, '17,
and T. J. Reynolds, '18. L. L. Picker
ing, '20, is daily coaching the chorus
(composed entirely of men) to put them
over properly.
Posters of the show will be displayed
tomorrow, and the seat sale will be held
next week.
"Sin Sin.'' the Ram's Head musical
extravaganza which will be produced on
March 12, is a burlesque on reform. The
first act of the production concerns it
self with vice of all forms, and the sec
ond act is as much concerned with all
kinds of reform, after vice has been
chased away by the reformers. The
setting of "Sin Sin" is in a college
community, and all the collegiate vices
are amply reformed by Little Violet,
the "reformess," played by M. D. (Fat)
(•"lowers, '17. and Wieland Gulp, the re
former, whose part is taken by J. P.
Schnier. '20, a well-known Ram's Head
comedian.
Many ludicrous situations, attendant
on these complications, ensue when this
doughty pair of reformers start to
"clean up" the college community. When
the first curtain goes up, a scene of un
restrained collegiate wickedness is dis
covered, and it is much to the credit of
the reformers, and incidentally the in
genuity of the playwrights, namely, S.
E. Briggs, '19, and M. L. Levy, '19, that
this campus of vice is finally purified
when the last curtain drops.
Original songs for the production have
been written by L. W. McDermott, '17,
and T. J. Reynolds, '18. L. L. Picker
ing, '20, is daily coaching the chorus
(composed entirely of men) to put them
over properly.
Posters of the show will be displayed
tomorrow, and the seat sale will be held
next week.
"Sin Sin.'' the Ram's Head musical
extravaganza which will be produced on
March 12, is a burlesque on reform. The
first act of the production concerns it
self with vice of all forms, and the sec
ond act is as much concerned with all
kinds of reform, after vice has been
chased away by the reformers. The
setting of "Sin Sin" is in a college
community, and all the collegiate vices
are amply reformed by Little Violet,
the "reformess," played by M. D. (Fat)
(•"lowers, '17. and Wieland Gulp, the re
former, whose part is taken by J. P.
Schnier. '20, a well-known Ram's Head
comedian.
Many ludicrous situations, attendant
on these complications, ensue when this
doughty pair of reformers start to
"clean up" the college community. When
the first curtain goes up, a scene of un
restrained collegiate wickedness is dis
covered, and it is much to the credit of
the reformers, and incidentally the in
genuity of the playwrights, namely, S.
E. Briggs, '19, and M. L. Levy, '19, that
this campus of vice is finally purified
when the last curtain drops.
Original songs for the production have
been written by L. W. McDermott, '17,
and T. J. Reynolds, '18. L. L. Picker
ing, '20, is daily coaching the chorus
(composed entirely of men) to put them
over properly.
Posters of the show will be displayed
tomorrow, and the seat sale will be held
next week.
"Sin Sin.'' the Ram's Head musical
extravaganza which will be produced on
March 12, is a burlesque on reform. The
first act of the production concerns it
self with vice of all forms, and the sec
ond act is as much concerned with all
kinds of reform, after vice has been
chased away by the reformers. The
setting of "Sin Sin" is in a college
community, and all the collegiate vices
are amply reformed by Little Violet,
the "reformess," played by M. D. (Fat)
(•"lowers, '17. and Wieland Gulp, the re
former, whose part is taken by J. P.
Schnier. '20, a well-known Ram's Head
comedian.
Many ludicrous situations, attendant
on these complications, ensue when this
doughty pair of reformers start to
"clean up" the college community. When
the first curtain goes up, a scene of un
restrained collegiate wickedness is dis
covered, and it is much to the credit of
the reformers, and incidentally the in
genuity of the playwrights, namely, S.
E. Briggs, '19, and M. L. Levy, '19, that
this campus of vice is finally purified
when the last curtain drops.
Original songs for the production have
been written by L. W. McDermott, '17,
and T. J. Reynolds, '18. L. L. Picker
ing, '20, is daily coaching the chorus
(composed entirely of men) to put them
over properly.
Posters of the show will be displayed
tomorrow, and the seat sale will be held
next week.
"Sin Sin.'' the Ram's Head musical
extravaganza which will be produced on
March 12, is a burlesque on reform. The
first act of the production concerns it
self with vice of all forms, and the sec
ond act is as much concerned with all
kinds of reform, after vice has been
chased away by the reformers. The
setting of "Sin Sin" is in a college
community, and all the collegiate vices
are amply reformed by Little Violet,
the "reformess," played by M. D. (Fat)
(•"lowers, '17. and Wieland Gulp, the re
former, whose part is taken by J. P.
Schnier. '20, a well-known Ram's Head
comedian.
Many ludicrous situations, attendant
on these complications, ensue when this
doughty pair of reformers start to
"clean up" the college community. When
the first curtain goes up, a scene of un
restrained collegiate wickedness is dis
covered, and it is much to the credit of
the reformers, and incidentally the in
genuity of the playwrights, namely, S.
E. Briggs, '19, and M. L. Levy, '19, that
this campus of vice is finally purified
when the last curtain drops.
Original songs for the production have
been written by L. W. McDermott, '17,
and T. J. Reynolds, '18. L. L. Picker
ing, '20, is daily coaching the chorus
(composed entirely of men) to put them
over properly.
Posters of the show will be displayed
tomorrow, and the seat sale will be held
next week.
"Sin Sin.'' the Ram's Head musical
extravaganza which will be produced on
March 12, is a burlesque on reform. The
first act of the production concerns it
self with vice of all forms, and the sec
ond act is as much concerned with all
kinds of reform, after vice has been
chased away by the reformers. The
setting of "Sin Sin" is in a college
community, and all the collegiate vices
are amply reformed by Little Violet,
the "reformess," played by M. D. (Fat)
(•"lowers, '17. and Wieland Gulp, the re
former, whose part is taken by J. P.
Schnier. '20, a well-known Ram's Head
comedian.
Many ludicrous situations, attendant
on these complications, ensue when this
doughty pair of reformers start to
"clean up" the college community. When
the first curtain goes up, a scene of un
restrained collegiate wickedness is dis
covered, and it is much to the credit of
the reformers, and incidentally the in
genuity of the playwrights, namely, S.
E. Briggs, '19, and M. L. Levy, '19, that
this campus of vice is finally purified
when the last curtain drops.
Original songs for the production have
been written by L. W. McDermott, '17,
and T. J. Reynolds, '18. L. L. Picker
ing, '20, is daily coaching the chorus
(composed entirely of men) to put them
over properly.
Posters of the show will be displayed
tomorrow, and the seat sale will be held
next week.
"Sin Sin.'' the Ram's Head musical
extravaganza which will be produced on
March 12, is a burlesque on reform. The
first act of the production concerns it
self with vice of all forms, and the sec
ond act is as much concerned with all
kinds of reform, after vice has been
chased away by the reformers. The
setting of "Sin Sin" is in a college
community, and all the collegiate vices
are amply reformed by Little Violet,
the "reformess," played by M. D. (Fat)
(•"lowers, '17. and Wieland Gulp, the re
former, whose part is taken by J. P.
Schnier. '20, a well-known Ram's Head
comedian.
Many ludicrous situations, attendant
on these complications, ensue when this
doughty pair of reformers start to
"clean up" the college community. When
the first curtain goes up, a scene of un
restrained collegiate wickedness is dis
covered, and it is much to the credit of
the reformers, and incidentally the in
genuity of the playwrights, namely, S.
E. Briggs, '19, and M. L. Levy, '19, that
this campus of vice is finally purified
when the last curtain drops.
Original songs for the production have
been written by L. W. McDermott, '17,
and T. J. Reynolds, '18. L. L. Picker
ing, '20, is daily coaching the chorus
(composed entirely of men) to put them
over properly.
Posters of the show will be displayed
tomorrow, and the seat sale will be held
next week.
"Sin Sin.'' the Ram's Head musical
extravaganza which will be produced on
March 12, is a burlesque on reform. The
first act of the production concerns it
self with vice of all forms, and the sec
ond act is as much concerned with all
kinds of reform, after vice has been
chased away by the reformers. The
setting of "Sin Sin" is in a college
community, and all the collegiate vices
are amply reformed by Little Violet,
the "reformess," played by M. D. (Fat)
(•"lowers, '17. and Wieland Gulp, the re
former, whose part is taken by J. P.
Schnier. '20, a well-known Ram's Head
comedian.
Many ludicrous situations, attendant
on these complications, ensue when this
doughty pair of reformers start to
"clean up" the college community. When
the first curtain goes up, a scene of un
restrained collegiate wickedness is dis
covered, and it is much to the credit of
the reformers, and incidentally the in
genuity of the playwrights, namely, S.
E. Briggs, '19, and M. L. Levy, '19, that
this campus of vice is finally purified
when the last curtain drops.
Original songs for the production have
been written by L. W. McDermott, '17,
and T. J. Reynolds, '18. L. L. Picker
ing, '20, is daily coaching the chorus
(composed entirely of men) to put them
over properly.
Posters of the show will be displayed
tomorrow, and the seat sale will be held
next week.
"Sin Sin.'' the Ram's Head musical
extravaganza which will be produced on
March 12, is a burlesque on reform. The
first act of the production concerns it
self with vice of all forms, and the sec
ond act is as much concerned with all
kinds of reform, after vice has been
chased away by the reformers. The
setting of "Sin Sin" is in a college
community, and all the collegiate vices
are amply reformed by Little Violet,
the "reformess," played by M. D. (Fat)
(•"lowers, '17. and Wieland Gulp, the re
former, whose part is taken by J. P.
Schnier. '20, a well-known Ram's Head
comedian.
Many ludicrous situations, attendant
on these complications, ensue when this
doughty pair of reformers start to
"clean up" the college community. When
the first curtain goes up, a scene of un
restrained collegiate wickedness is dis
covered, and it is much to the credit of
the reformers, and incidentally the in
genuity of the playwrights, namely, S.
E. Briggs, '19, and M. L. Levy, '19, that
this campus of vice is finally purified
when the last curtain drops.
Original songs for the production have
been written by L. W. McDermott, '17,
and T. J. Reynolds, '18. L. L. Picker
ing, '20, is daily coaching the chorus
(composed entirely of men) to put them
over properly.
Posters of the show will be displayed
tomorrow, and the seat sale will be held
next week.
"Sin Sin.'' the Ram's Head musical
extravaganza which will be produced on
March 12, is a burlesque on reform. The
first act of the production concerns it
self with vice of all forms, and the sec
ond act is as much concerned with all
kinds of reform, after vice has been
chased away by the reformers. The
setting of "Sin Sin" is in a college
community, and all the collegiate vices
are amply reformed by Little Violet,
the "reformess," played by M. D. (Fat)
(•"lowers, '17. and Wieland Gulp, the re
former, whose part is taken by J. P.
Schnier. '20, a well-known Ram's Head
comedian.
Many ludicrous situations, attendant
on these complications, ensue when this
doughty pair of reformers start to
"clean up" the college community. When
the first curtain goes up, a scene of un
restrained collegiate wickedness is dis
covered, and it is much to the credit of
the reformers, and incidentally the in
genuity of the playwrights, namely, S.
E. Briggs, '19, and M. L. Levy, '19, that
this campus of vice is finally purified
when the last curtain drops.
Original songs for the production have
been written by L. W. McDermott, '17,
and T. J. Reynolds, '18. L. L. Picker
ing, '20, is daily coaching the chorus
(composed entirely of men) to put them
over properly.
Posters of the show will be displayed
tomorrow, and the seat sale will be held
next week.
"Sin Sin.'' the Ram's Head musical
extravaganza which will be produced on
March 12, is a burlesque on reform. The
first act of the production concerns it
self with vice of all forms, and the sec
ond act is as much concerned with all
kinds of reform, after vice has been
chased away by the reformers. The
setting of "Sin Sin" is in a college
community, and all the collegiate vices
are amply reformed by Little Violet,
the "reformess," played by M. D. (Fat)
(•"lowers, '17. and Wieland Gulp, the re
former, whose part is taken by J. P.
Schnier. '20, a well-known Ram's Head
comedian.
Many ludicrous situations, attendant
on these complications, ensue when this
doughty pair of reformers start to
"clean up" the college community. When
the first curtain goes up, a scene of un
restrained collegiate wickedness is dis
covered, and it is much to the credit of
the reformers, and incidentally the in
genuity of the playwrights, namely, S.
E. Briggs, '19, and M. L. Levy, '19, that
this campus of vice is finally purified
when the last curtain drops.
Original songs for the production have
been written by L. W. McDermott, '17,
and T. J. Reynolds, '18. L. L. Picker
ing, '20, is daily coaching the chorus
(composed entirely of men) to put them
over properly.
Posters of the show will be displayed
tomorrow, and the seat sale will be held
next week.
"Sin Sin.'' the Ram's Head musical
extravaganza which will be produced on
March 12, is a burlesque on reform. The
first act of the production concerns it
self with vice of all forms, and the sec
ond act is as much concerned with all
kinds of reform, after vice has been
chased away by the reformers. The
setting of "Sin Sin" is in a college
community, and all the collegiate vices
are amply reformed by Little Violet,
the "reformess," played by M. D. (Fat)
(•"lowers, '17. and Wieland Gulp, the re
former, whose part is taken by J. P.
Schnier. '20, a well-known Ram's Head
comedian.
Many ludicrous situations, attendant
on these complications, ensue when this
doughty pair of reformers start to
"clean up" the college community. When
the first curtain goes up, a scene of un
restrained collegiate wickedness is dis
covered, and it is much to the credit of
the reformers, and incidentally the in
genuity of the playwrights, namely, S.
E. Briggs, '19, and M. L. Levy, '19, that
this campus of vice is finally purified
when the last curtain drops.
Original songs for the production have
been written by L. W. McDermott, '17,
and T. J. Reynolds, '18. L. L. Picker
ing, '20, is daily coaching the chorus
(composed entirely of men) to put them
over properly.
Posters of the show will be displayed
tomorrow, and the seat sale will be held
next week.
