# Draft Talk
## 
### 
The Stanford Draft Repeal
Movement is co-ordinating the
national effort to abolish the
draft on June 30.
Students will converge on
Washington in March to pressure
senators and congressmen to
repeal the draft. As part of the
public education program which
the Stanford group is helping to
set up in the Bay Area, Tom
Reeves will speak at TMU tonight
at 8:00 p.m. I
The Stanford Draft Repeal
Movement is co-ordinating the
national effort to abolish the
draft on June 30.
Students will converge on
Washington in March to pressure
senators and congressmen to
repeal the draft. As part of the
public education program which
the Stanford group is helping to
set up in the Bay Area, Tom
Reeves will speak at TMU tonight
at 8:00 p.m. I
The Stanford Draft Repeal
Movement is co-ordinating the
national effort to abolish the
draft on June 30.
Students will converge on
Washington in March to pressure
senators and congressmen to
repeal the draft. As part of the
public education program which
the Stanford group is helping to
set up in the Bay Area, Tom
Reeves will speak at TMU tonight
at 8:00 p.m. I
The Stanford Draft Repeal
Movement is co-ordinating the
national effort to abolish the
draft on June 30.
Students will converge on
Washington in March to pressure
senators and congressmen to
repeal the draft. As part of the
public education program which
the Stanford group is helping to
set up in the Bay Area, Tom
Reeves will speak at TMU tonight
at 8:00 p.m. I
The Stanford Draft Repeal
Movement is co-ordinating the
national effort to abolish the
draft on June 30.
Students will converge on
Washington in March to pressure
senators and congressmen to
repeal the draft. As part of the
public education program which
the Stanford group is helping to
set up in the Bay Area, Tom
Reeves will speak at TMU tonight
at 8:00 p.m. I
The Stanford Draft Repeal
Movement is co-ordinating the
national effort to abolish the
draft on June 30.
Students will converge on
Washington in March to pressure
senators and congressmen to
repeal the draft. As part of the
public education program which
the Stanford group is helping to
set up in the Bay Area, Tom
Reeves will speak at TMU tonight
at 8:00 p.m. I
The Stanford Draft Repeal
Movement is co-ordinating the
national effort to abolish the
draft on June 30.
Students will converge on
Washington in March to pressure
senators and congressmen to
repeal the draft. As part of the
public education program which
the Stanford group is helping to
set up in the Bay Area, Tom
Reeves will speak at TMU tonight
at 8:00 p.m. I
The Stanford Draft Repeal
Movement is co-ordinating the
national effort to abolish the
draft on June 30.
Students will converge on
Washington in March to pressure
senators and congressmen to
repeal the draft. As part of the
public education program which
the Stanford group is helping to
set up in the Bay Area, Tom
Reeves will speak at TMU tonight
at 8:00 p.m. I
The Stanford Draft Repeal
Movement is co-ordinating the
national effort to abolish the
draft on June 30.
Students will converge on
Washington in March to pressure
senators and congressmen to
repeal the draft. As part of the
public education program which
the Stanford group is helping to
set up in the Bay Area, Tom
Reeves will speak at TMU tonight
at 8:00 p.m. I
The Stanford Draft Repeal
Movement is co-ordinating the
national effort to abolish the
draft on June 30.
Students will converge on
Washington in March to pressure
senators and congressmen to
repeal the draft. As part of the
public education program which
the Stanford group is helping to
set up in the Bay Area, Tom
Reeves will speak at TMU tonight
at 8:00 p.m. I
The Stanford Draft Repeal
Movement is co-ordinating the
national effort to abolish the
draft on June 30.
Students will converge on
Washington in March to pressure
senators and congressmen to
repeal the draft. As part of the
public education program which
the Stanford group is helping to
set up in the Bay Area, Tom
Reeves will speak at TMU tonight
at 8:00 p.m. I
The Stanford Draft Repeal
Movement is co-ordinating the
national effort to abolish the
draft on June 30.
Students will converge on
Washington in March to pressure
senators and congressmen to
repeal the draft. As part of the
public education program which
the Stanford group is helping to
set up in the Bay Area, Tom
Reeves will speak at TMU tonight
at 8:00 p.m. I
The Stanford Draft Repeal
Movement is co-ordinating the
national effort to abolish the
draft on June 30.
Students will converge on
Washington in March to pressure
senators and congressmen to
repeal the draft. As part of the
public education program which
the Stanford group is helping to
set up in the Bay Area, Tom
Reeves will speak at TMU tonight
at 8:00 p.m. I
The Stanford Draft Repeal
Movement is co-ordinating the
national effort to abolish the
draft on June 30.
Students will converge on
Washington in March to pressure
senators and congressmen to
repeal the draft. As part of the
public education program which
the Stanford group is helping to
set up in the Bay Area, Tom
Reeves will speak at TMU tonight
at 8:00 p.m. I
