# Quad Photos
## 
### 
Quad pictures will be taken
today of sophomore and junior
fraternity men and Toyon inde
pendents. Sitting fee is $1.75
payable in advance. Pictures
will be taken at the Quad of
fice.
Quad pictures will be taken
today of sophomore and junior
fraternity men and Toyon inde
pendents. Sitting fee is $1.75
payable in advance. Pictures
will be taken at the Quad of
fice.
Quad pictures will be taken
today of sophomore and junior
fraternity men and Toyon inde
pendents. Sitting fee is $1.75
payable in advance. Pictures
will be taken at the Quad of
fice.
Quad pictures will be taken
today of sophomore and junior
fraternity men and Toyon inde
pendents. Sitting fee is $1.75
payable in advance. Pictures
will be taken at the Quad of
fice.
Quad pictures will be taken
today of sophomore and junior
fraternity men and Toyon inde
pendents. Sitting fee is $1.75
payable in advance. Pictures
will be taken at the Quad of
fice.
Quad pictures will be taken
today of sophomore and junior
fraternity men and Toyon inde
pendents. Sitting fee is $1.75
payable in advance. Pictures
will be taken at the Quad of
fice.
Quad pictures will be taken
today of sophomore and junior
fraternity men and Toyon inde
pendents. Sitting fee is $1.75
payable in advance. Pictures
will be taken at the Quad of
fice.
Quad pictures will be taken
today of sophomore and junior
fraternity men and Toyon inde
pendents. Sitting fee is $1.75
payable in advance. Pictures
will be taken at the Quad of
fice.
Quad pictures will be taken
today of sophomore and junior
fraternity men and Toyon inde
pendents. Sitting fee is $1.75
payable in advance. Pictures
will be taken at the Quad of
fice.
Quad pictures will be taken
today of sophomore and junior
fraternity men and Toyon inde
pendents. Sitting fee is $1.75
payable in advance. Pictures
will be taken at the Quad of
fice.
Quad pictures will be taken
today of sophomore and junior
fraternity men and Toyon inde
pendents. Sitting fee is $1.75
payable in advance. Pictures
will be taken at the Quad of
fice.
Quad pictures will be taken
today of sophomore and junior
fraternity men and Toyon inde
pendents. Sitting fee is $1.75
payable in advance. Pictures
will be taken at the Quad of
fice.
Quad pictures will be taken
today of sophomore and junior
fraternity men and Toyon inde
pendents. Sitting fee is $1.75
payable in advance. Pictures
will be taken at the Quad of
fice.
Quad pictures will be taken
today of sophomore and junior
fraternity men and Toyon inde
pendents. Sitting fee is $1.75
payable in advance. Pictures
will be taken at the Quad of
fice.
Quad pictures will be taken
today of sophomore and junior
fraternity men and Toyon inde
pendents. Sitting fee is $1.75
payable in advance. Pictures
will be taken at the Quad of
fice.
Quad pictures will be taken
today of sophomore and junior
fraternity men and Toyon inde
pendents. Sitting fee is $1.75
payable in advance. Pictures
will be taken at the Quad of
fice.
Quad pictures will be taken
today of sophomore and junior
fraternity men and Toyon inde
pendents. Sitting fee is $1.75
payable in advance. Pictures
will be taken at the Quad of
fice.
