# Untitled Article
## 
### 

FRED TAIOLI gets in some practice on a kicking board as Stanford's
mermen prepare for the California meet at the Encina pools tomorrow
afternoon. After a successful barnstorming tour of Australia. Taioli re
turned to become the outstanding Indian distance man. lie meets an old
rival. Don Beanston, of California, in what will probably be the best
races of the day—the 220 and 440 freestyle.—Photo by Phil Welch.

FRED TAIOLI gets in some practice on a kicking board as Stanford's
mermen prepare for the California meet at the Encina pools tomorrow
afternoon. After a successful barnstorming tour of Australia. Taioli re
turned to become the outstanding Indian distance man. lie meets an old
rival. Don Beanston, of California, in what will probably be the best
races of the day—the 220 and 440 freestyle.—Photo by Phil Welch.

FRED TAIOLI gets in some practice on a kicking board as Stanford's
mermen prepare for the California meet at the Encina pools tomorrow
afternoon. After a successful barnstorming tour of Australia. Taioli re
turned to become the outstanding Indian distance man. lie meets an old
rival. Don Beanston, of California, in what will probably be the best
races of the day—the 220 and 440 freestyle.—Photo by Phil Welch.

FRED TAIOLI gets in some practice on a kicking board as Stanford's
mermen prepare for the California meet at the Encina pools tomorrow
afternoon. After a successful barnstorming tour of Australia. Taioli re
turned to become the outstanding Indian distance man. lie meets an old
rival. Don Beanston, of California, in what will probably be the best
races of the day—the 220 and 440 freestyle.—Photo by Phil Welch.

FRED TAIOLI gets in some practice on a kicking board as Stanford's
mermen prepare for the California meet at the Encina pools tomorrow
afternoon. After a successful barnstorming tour of Australia. Taioli re
turned to become the outstanding Indian distance man. lie meets an old
rival. Don Beanston, of California, in what will probably be the best
races of the day—the 220 and 440 freestyle.—Photo by Phil Welch.

FRED TAIOLI gets in some practice on a kicking board as Stanford's
mermen prepare for the California meet at the Encina pools tomorrow
afternoon. After a successful barnstorming tour of Australia. Taioli re
turned to become the outstanding Indian distance man. lie meets an old
rival. Don Beanston, of California, in what will probably be the best
races of the day—the 220 and 440 freestyle.—Photo by Phil Welch.

FRED TAIOLI gets in some practice on a kicking board as Stanford's
mermen prepare for the California meet at the Encina pools tomorrow
afternoon. After a successful barnstorming tour of Australia. Taioli re
turned to become the outstanding Indian distance man. lie meets an old
rival. Don Beanston, of California, in what will probably be the best
races of the day—the 220 and 440 freestyle.—Photo by Phil Welch.

FRED TAIOLI gets in some practice on a kicking board as Stanford's
mermen prepare for the California meet at the Encina pools tomorrow
afternoon. After a successful barnstorming tour of Australia. Taioli re
turned to become the outstanding Indian distance man. lie meets an old
rival. Don Beanston, of California, in what will probably be the best
races of the day—the 220 and 440 freestyle.—Photo by Phil Welch.

FRED TAIOLI gets in some practice on a kicking board as Stanford's
mermen prepare for the California meet at the Encina pools tomorrow
afternoon. After a successful barnstorming tour of Australia. Taioli re
turned to become the outstanding Indian distance man. lie meets an old
rival. Don Beanston, of California, in what will probably be the best
races of the day—the 220 and 440 freestyle.—Photo by Phil Welch.

FRED TAIOLI gets in some practice on a kicking board as Stanford's
mermen prepare for the California meet at the Encina pools tomorrow
afternoon. After a successful barnstorming tour of Australia. Taioli re
turned to become the outstanding Indian distance man. lie meets an old
rival. Don Beanston, of California, in what will probably be the best
races of the day—the 220 and 440 freestyle.—Photo by Phil Welch.

FRED TAIOLI gets in some practice on a kicking board as Stanford's
mermen prepare for the California meet at the Encina pools tomorrow
afternoon. After a successful barnstorming tour of Australia. Taioli re
turned to become the outstanding Indian distance man. lie meets an old
rival. Don Beanston, of California, in what will probably be the best
races of the day—the 220 and 440 freestyle.—Photo by Phil Welch.

FRED TAIOLI gets in some practice on a kicking board as Stanford's
mermen prepare for the California meet at the Encina pools tomorrow
afternoon. After a successful barnstorming tour of Australia. Taioli re
turned to become the outstanding Indian distance man. lie meets an old
rival. Don Beanston, of California, in what will probably be the best
races of the day—the 220 and 440 freestyle.—Photo by Phil Welch.

FRED TAIOLI gets in some practice on a kicking board as Stanford's
mermen prepare for the California meet at the Encina pools tomorrow
afternoon. After a successful barnstorming tour of Australia. Taioli re
turned to become the outstanding Indian distance man. lie meets an old
rival. Don Beanston, of California, in what will probably be the best
races of the day—the 220 and 440 freestyle.—Photo by Phil Welch.

FRED TAIOLI gets in some practice on a kicking board as Stanford's
mermen prepare for the California meet at the Encina pools tomorrow
afternoon. After a successful barnstorming tour of Australia. Taioli re
turned to become the outstanding Indian distance man. lie meets an old
rival. Don Beanston, of California, in what will probably be the best
races of the day—the 220 and 440 freestyle.—Photo by Phil Welch.

FRED TAIOLI gets in some practice on a kicking board as Stanford's
mermen prepare for the California meet at the Encina pools tomorrow
afternoon. After a successful barnstorming tour of Australia. Taioli re
turned to become the outstanding Indian distance man. lie meets an old
rival. Don Beanston, of California, in what will probably be the best
races of the day—the 220 and 440 freestyle.—Photo by Phil Welch.
