# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
engagement and forthcoming mar
riage of B. Linden Schmid to Miss
Jeanne Howlett of Los Angeles.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
engagement and forthcoming mar
riage of B. Linden Schmid to Miss
Jeanne Howlett of Los Angeles.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
engagement and forthcoming mar
riage of B. Linden Schmid to Miss
Jeanne Howlett of Los Angeles.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
engagement and forthcoming mar
riage of B. Linden Schmid to Miss
Jeanne Howlett of Los Angeles.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
engagement and forthcoming mar
riage of B. Linden Schmid to Miss
Jeanne Howlett of Los Angeles.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
engagement and forthcoming mar
riage of B. Linden Schmid to Miss
Jeanne Howlett of Los Angeles.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
engagement and forthcoming mar
riage of B. Linden Schmid to Miss
Jeanne Howlett of Los Angeles.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
engagement and forthcoming mar
riage of B. Linden Schmid to Miss
Jeanne Howlett of Los Angeles.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
engagement and forthcoming mar
riage of B. Linden Schmid to Miss
Jeanne Howlett of Los Angeles.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
engagement and forthcoming mar
riage of B. Linden Schmid to Miss
Jeanne Howlett of Los Angeles.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
engagement and forthcoming mar
riage of B. Linden Schmid to Miss
Jeanne Howlett of Los Angeles.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
engagement and forthcoming mar
riage of B. Linden Schmid to Miss
Jeanne Howlett of Los Angeles.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
engagement and forthcoming mar
riage of B. Linden Schmid to Miss
Jeanne Howlett of Los Angeles.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
engagement and forthcoming mar
riage of B. Linden Schmid to Miss
Jeanne Howlett of Los Angeles.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
engagement and forthcoming mar
riage of B. Linden Schmid to Miss
Jeanne Howlett of Los Angeles.
