# Lawyers to Hold New Moot Court
## 
### 
The Appellate Court of the Stan
ford Law School will try the case of
George Fairman, plaintiff-appellant,
vs. Swindle Printing Company, de
fendant - respondent, today at 7:30
p.m. in Cubberley Auditorium..
Counsel for plaintiff will be James
D. Harris and Richard W. Jencks,
and for the defendant Roy W. Achor
and Richard B. Daley. Judges of the
case will be Henry G. Jorgensen of
the Superior Court of Monterey
County, Gordon K. Scott, acting as
sistant professor of law, and Claire
Grove, a second-year law student.
The case concerns action on a
contract for sale of tariff plates in
which the defendant contends that
the contract is unenforceable be
cause it is in fraud of creditors.
This is the second in a series of
three semi - finals in moot court
competition.
The Appellate Court of the Stan
ford Law School will try the case of
George Fairman, plaintiff-appellant,
vs. Swindle Printing Company, de
fendant - respondent, today at 7:30
p.m. in Cubberley Auditorium..
Counsel for plaintiff will be James
D. Harris and Richard W. Jencks,
and for the defendant Roy W. Achor
and Richard B. Daley. Judges of the
case will be Henry G. Jorgensen of
the Superior Court of Monterey
County, Gordon K. Scott, acting as
sistant professor of law, and Claire
Grove, a second-year law student.
The case concerns action on a
contract for sale of tariff plates in
which the defendant contends that
the contract is unenforceable be
cause it is in fraud of creditors.
This is the second in a series of
three semi - finals in moot court
competition.
The Appellate Court of the Stan
ford Law School will try the case of
George Fairman, plaintiff-appellant,
vs. Swindle Printing Company, de
fendant - respondent, today at 7:30
p.m. in Cubberley Auditorium..
Counsel for plaintiff will be James
D. Harris and Richard W. Jencks,
and for the defendant Roy W. Achor
and Richard B. Daley. Judges of the
case will be Henry G. Jorgensen of
the Superior Court of Monterey
County, Gordon K. Scott, acting as
sistant professor of law, and Claire
Grove, a second-year law student.
The case concerns action on a
contract for sale of tariff plates in
which the defendant contends that
the contract is unenforceable be
cause it is in fraud of creditors.
This is the second in a series of
three semi - finals in moot court
competition.
The Appellate Court of the Stan
ford Law School will try the case of
George Fairman, plaintiff-appellant,
vs. Swindle Printing Company, de
fendant - respondent, today at 7:30
p.m. in Cubberley Auditorium..
Counsel for plaintiff will be James
D. Harris and Richard W. Jencks,
and for the defendant Roy W. Achor
and Richard B. Daley. Judges of the
case will be Henry G. Jorgensen of
the Superior Court of Monterey
County, Gordon K. Scott, acting as
sistant professor of law, and Claire
Grove, a second-year law student.
The case concerns action on a
contract for sale of tariff plates in
which the defendant contends that
the contract is unenforceable be
cause it is in fraud of creditors.
This is the second in a series of
three semi - finals in moot court
competition.
The Appellate Court of the Stan
ford Law School will try the case of
George Fairman, plaintiff-appellant,
vs. Swindle Printing Company, de
fendant - respondent, today at 7:30
p.m. in Cubberley Auditorium..
Counsel for plaintiff will be James
D. Harris and Richard W. Jencks,
and for the defendant Roy W. Achor
and Richard B. Daley. Judges of the
case will be Henry G. Jorgensen of
the Superior Court of Monterey
County, Gordon K. Scott, acting as
sistant professor of law, and Claire
Grove, a second-year law student.
The case concerns action on a
contract for sale of tariff plates in
which the defendant contends that
the contract is unenforceable be
cause it is in fraud of creditors.
This is the second in a series of
three semi - finals in moot court
competition.
The Appellate Court of the Stan
ford Law School will try the case of
George Fairman, plaintiff-appellant,
vs. Swindle Printing Company, de
fendant - respondent, today at 7:30
p.m. in Cubberley Auditorium..
Counsel for plaintiff will be James
D. Harris and Richard W. Jencks,
and for the defendant Roy W. Achor
and Richard B. Daley. Judges of the
case will be Henry G. Jorgensen of
the Superior Court of Monterey
County, Gordon K. Scott, acting as
sistant professor of law, and Claire
Grove, a second-year law student.
The case concerns action on a
contract for sale of tariff plates in
which the defendant contends that
the contract is unenforceable be
cause it is in fraud of creditors.
This is the second in a series of
three semi - finals in moot court
competition.
The Appellate Court of the Stan
ford Law School will try the case of
George Fairman, plaintiff-appellant,
vs. Swindle Printing Company, de
fendant - respondent, today at 7:30
p.m. in Cubberley Auditorium..
Counsel for plaintiff will be James
D. Harris and Richard W. Jencks,
and for the defendant Roy W. Achor
and Richard B. Daley. Judges of the
case will be Henry G. Jorgensen of
the Superior Court of Monterey
County, Gordon K. Scott, acting as
sistant professor of law, and Claire
Grove, a second-year law student.
The case concerns action on a
contract for sale of tariff plates in
which the defendant contends that
the contract is unenforceable be
cause it is in fraud of creditors.
This is the second in a series of
three semi - finals in moot court
competition.
The Appellate Court of the Stan
ford Law School will try the case of
George Fairman, plaintiff-appellant,
vs. Swindle Printing Company, de
fendant - respondent, today at 7:30
p.m. in Cubberley Auditorium..
Counsel for plaintiff will be James
D. Harris and Richard W. Jencks,
and for the defendant Roy W. Achor
and Richard B. Daley. Judges of the
case will be Henry G. Jorgensen of
the Superior Court of Monterey
County, Gordon K. Scott, acting as
sistant professor of law, and Claire
Grove, a second-year law student.
The case concerns action on a
contract for sale of tariff plates in
which the defendant contends that
the contract is unenforceable be
cause it is in fraud of creditors.
This is the second in a series of
three semi - finals in moot court
competition.
The Appellate Court of the Stan
ford Law School will try the case of
George Fairman, plaintiff-appellant,
vs. Swindle Printing Company, de
fendant - respondent, today at 7:30
p.m. in Cubberley Auditorium..
Counsel for plaintiff will be James
D. Harris and Richard W. Jencks,
and for the defendant Roy W. Achor
and Richard B. Daley. Judges of the
case will be Henry G. Jorgensen of
the Superior Court of Monterey
County, Gordon K. Scott, acting as
sistant professor of law, and Claire
Grove, a second-year law student.
The case concerns action on a
contract for sale of tariff plates in
which the defendant contends that
the contract is unenforceable be
cause it is in fraud of creditors.
This is the second in a series of
three semi - finals in moot court
competition.
The Appellate Court of the Stan
ford Law School will try the case of
George Fairman, plaintiff-appellant,
vs. Swindle Printing Company, de
fendant - respondent, today at 7:30
p.m. in Cubberley Auditorium..
Counsel for plaintiff will be James
D. Harris and Richard W. Jencks,
and for the defendant Roy W. Achor
and Richard B. Daley. Judges of the
case will be Henry G. Jorgensen of
the Superior Court of Monterey
County, Gordon K. Scott, acting as
sistant professor of law, and Claire
Grove, a second-year law student.
The case concerns action on a
contract for sale of tariff plates in
which the defendant contends that
the contract is unenforceable be
cause it is in fraud of creditors.
This is the second in a series of
three semi - finals in moot court
competition.
The Appellate Court of the Stan
ford Law School will try the case of
George Fairman, plaintiff-appellant,
vs. Swindle Printing Company, de
fendant - respondent, today at 7:30
p.m. in Cubberley Auditorium..
Counsel for plaintiff will be James
D. Harris and Richard W. Jencks,
and for the defendant Roy W. Achor
and Richard B. Daley. Judges of the
case will be Henry G. Jorgensen of
the Superior Court of Monterey
County, Gordon K. Scott, acting as
sistant professor of law, and Claire
Grove, a second-year law student.
The case concerns action on a
contract for sale of tariff plates in
which the defendant contends that
the contract is unenforceable be
cause it is in fraud of creditors.
This is the second in a series of
three semi - finals in moot court
competition.
The Appellate Court of the Stan
ford Law School will try the case of
George Fairman, plaintiff-appellant,
vs. Swindle Printing Company, de
fendant - respondent, today at 7:30
p.m. in Cubberley Auditorium..
Counsel for plaintiff will be James
D. Harris and Richard W. Jencks,
and for the defendant Roy W. Achor
and Richard B. Daley. Judges of the
case will be Henry G. Jorgensen of
the Superior Court of Monterey
County, Gordon K. Scott, acting as
sistant professor of law, and Claire
Grove, a second-year law student.
The case concerns action on a
contract for sale of tariff plates in
which the defendant contends that
the contract is unenforceable be
cause it is in fraud of creditors.
This is the second in a series of
three semi - finals in moot court
competition.
The Appellate Court of the Stan
ford Law School will try the case of
George Fairman, plaintiff-appellant,
vs. Swindle Printing Company, de
fendant - respondent, today at 7:30
p.m. in Cubberley Auditorium..
Counsel for plaintiff will be James
D. Harris and Richard W. Jencks,
and for the defendant Roy W. Achor
and Richard B. Daley. Judges of the
case will be Henry G. Jorgensen of
the Superior Court of Monterey
County, Gordon K. Scott, acting as
sistant professor of law, and Claire
Grove, a second-year law student.
The case concerns action on a
contract for sale of tariff plates in
which the defendant contends that
the contract is unenforceable be
cause it is in fraud of creditors.
This is the second in a series of
three semi - finals in moot court
competition.
The Appellate Court of the Stan
ford Law School will try the case of
George Fairman, plaintiff-appellant,
vs. Swindle Printing Company, de
fendant - respondent, today at 7:30
p.m. in Cubberley Auditorium..
Counsel for plaintiff will be James
D. Harris and Richard W. Jencks,
and for the defendant Roy W. Achor
and Richard B. Daley. Judges of the
case will be Henry G. Jorgensen of
the Superior Court of Monterey
County, Gordon K. Scott, acting as
sistant professor of law, and Claire
Grove, a second-year law student.
The case concerns action on a
contract for sale of tariff plates in
which the defendant contends that
the contract is unenforceable be
cause it is in fraud of creditors.
This is the second in a series of
three semi - finals in moot court
competition.
The Appellate Court of the Stan
ford Law School will try the case of
George Fairman, plaintiff-appellant,
vs. Swindle Printing Company, de
fendant - respondent, today at 7:30
p.m. in Cubberley Auditorium..
Counsel for plaintiff will be James
D. Harris and Richard W. Jencks,
and for the defendant Roy W. Achor
and Richard B. Daley. Judges of the
case will be Henry G. Jorgensen of
the Superior Court of Monterey
County, Gordon K. Scott, acting as
sistant professor of law, and Claire
Grove, a second-year law student.
The case concerns action on a
contract for sale of tariff plates in
which the defendant contends that
the contract is unenforceable be
cause it is in fraud of creditors.
This is the second in a series of
three semi - finals in moot court
competition.
