# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
WE ARE NOW TAKING
ORDERS I OR
CALLING CARDS
!
TO ENCLOSE WITH YOUR
Senior
ANNOUNCEMENTS
Our engraving department
exemplifies distinction
and correctness
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
WE ARE NOW TAKING
ORDERS I OR
CALLING CARDS
!
TO ENCLOSE WITH YOUR
Senior
ANNOUNCEMENTS
Our engraving department
exemplifies distinction
and correctness
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
WE ARE NOW TAKING
ORDERS I OR
CALLING CARDS
!
TO ENCLOSE WITH YOUR
Senior
ANNOUNCEMENTS
Our engraving department
exemplifies distinction
and correctness
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
WE ARE NOW TAKING
ORDERS I OR
CALLING CARDS
!
TO ENCLOSE WITH YOUR
Senior
ANNOUNCEMENTS
Our engraving department
exemplifies distinction
and correctness
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
WE ARE NOW TAKING
ORDERS I OR
CALLING CARDS
!
TO ENCLOSE WITH YOUR
Senior
ANNOUNCEMENTS
Our engraving department
exemplifies distinction
and correctness
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
WE ARE NOW TAKING
ORDERS I OR
CALLING CARDS
!
TO ENCLOSE WITH YOUR
Senior
ANNOUNCEMENTS
Our engraving department
exemplifies distinction
and correctness
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
WE ARE NOW TAKING
ORDERS I OR
CALLING CARDS
!
TO ENCLOSE WITH YOUR
Senior
ANNOUNCEMENTS
Our engraving department
exemplifies distinction
and correctness
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
WE ARE NOW TAKING
ORDERS I OR
CALLING CARDS
!
TO ENCLOSE WITH YOUR
Senior
ANNOUNCEMENTS
Our engraving department
exemplifies distinction
and correctness
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
WE ARE NOW TAKING
ORDERS I OR
CALLING CARDS
!
TO ENCLOSE WITH YOUR
Senior
ANNOUNCEMENTS
Our engraving department
exemplifies distinction
and correctness
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
WE ARE NOW TAKING
ORDERS I OR
CALLING CARDS
!
TO ENCLOSE WITH YOUR
Senior
ANNOUNCEMENTS
Our engraving department
exemplifies distinction
and correctness
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
WE ARE NOW TAKING
ORDERS I OR
CALLING CARDS
!
TO ENCLOSE WITH YOUR
Senior
ANNOUNCEMENTS
Our engraving department
exemplifies distinction
and correctness
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
WE ARE NOW TAKING
ORDERS I OR
CALLING CARDS
!
TO ENCLOSE WITH YOUR
Senior
ANNOUNCEMENTS
Our engraving department
exemplifies distinction
and correctness
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
WE ARE NOW TAKING
ORDERS I OR
CALLING CARDS
!
TO ENCLOSE WITH YOUR
Senior
ANNOUNCEMENTS
Our engraving department
exemplifies distinction
and correctness
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
WE ARE NOW TAKING
ORDERS I OR
CALLING CARDS
!
TO ENCLOSE WITH YOUR
Senior
ANNOUNCEMENTS
Our engraving department
exemplifies distinction
and correctness
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
