# Y.W.C.A. Members Name Guerard New President
## 
### 
In the Y.W.C.A. elections held
Friday afternoon in the Women's
Clubhouse, Therina Guerard was
elected president; Florence Parsons,
vice-president; Frances Johnson,
secretary; and Barbara Binss, treas
urer.
The new cabinet will be appointed
by these officers, and will take of
fice next Wednesday evening at a
joint meeting with this year's cab
inet.
In the Y.W.C.A. elections held
Friday afternoon in the Women's
Clubhouse, Therina Guerard was
elected president; Florence Parsons,
vice-president; Frances Johnson,
secretary; and Barbara Binss, treas
urer.
The new cabinet will be appointed
by these officers, and will take of
fice next Wednesday evening at a
joint meeting with this year's cab
inet.
In the Y.W.C.A. elections held
Friday afternoon in the Women's
Clubhouse, Therina Guerard was
elected president; Florence Parsons,
vice-president; Frances Johnson,
secretary; and Barbara Binss, treas
urer.
The new cabinet will be appointed
by these officers, and will take of
fice next Wednesday evening at a
joint meeting with this year's cab
inet.
In the Y.W.C.A. elections held
Friday afternoon in the Women's
Clubhouse, Therina Guerard was
elected president; Florence Parsons,
vice-president; Frances Johnson,
secretary; and Barbara Binss, treas
urer.
The new cabinet will be appointed
by these officers, and will take of
fice next Wednesday evening at a
joint meeting with this year's cab
inet.
In the Y.W.C.A. elections held
Friday afternoon in the Women's
Clubhouse, Therina Guerard was
elected president; Florence Parsons,
vice-president; Frances Johnson,
secretary; and Barbara Binss, treas
urer.
The new cabinet will be appointed
by these officers, and will take of
fice next Wednesday evening at a
joint meeting with this year's cab
inet.
In the Y.W.C.A. elections held
Friday afternoon in the Women's
Clubhouse, Therina Guerard was
elected president; Florence Parsons,
vice-president; Frances Johnson,
secretary; and Barbara Binss, treas
urer.
The new cabinet will be appointed
by these officers, and will take of
fice next Wednesday evening at a
joint meeting with this year's cab
inet.
In the Y.W.C.A. elections held
Friday afternoon in the Women's
Clubhouse, Therina Guerard was
elected president; Florence Parsons,
vice-president; Frances Johnson,
secretary; and Barbara Binss, treas
urer.
The new cabinet will be appointed
by these officers, and will take of
fice next Wednesday evening at a
joint meeting with this year's cab
inet.
In the Y.W.C.A. elections held
Friday afternoon in the Women's
Clubhouse, Therina Guerard was
elected president; Florence Parsons,
vice-president; Frances Johnson,
secretary; and Barbara Binss, treas
urer.
The new cabinet will be appointed
by these officers, and will take of
fice next Wednesday evening at a
joint meeting with this year's cab
inet.
In the Y.W.C.A. elections held
Friday afternoon in the Women's
Clubhouse, Therina Guerard was
elected president; Florence Parsons,
vice-president; Frances Johnson,
secretary; and Barbara Binss, treas
urer.
The new cabinet will be appointed
by these officers, and will take of
fice next Wednesday evening at a
joint meeting with this year's cab
inet.
In the Y.W.C.A. elections held
Friday afternoon in the Women's
Clubhouse, Therina Guerard was
elected president; Florence Parsons,
vice-president; Frances Johnson,
secretary; and Barbara Binss, treas
urer.
The new cabinet will be appointed
by these officers, and will take of
fice next Wednesday evening at a
joint meeting with this year's cab
inet.
In the Y.W.C.A. elections held
Friday afternoon in the Women's
Clubhouse, Therina Guerard was
elected president; Florence Parsons,
vice-president; Frances Johnson,
secretary; and Barbara Binss, treas
urer.
The new cabinet will be appointed
by these officers, and will take of
fice next Wednesday evening at a
joint meeting with this year's cab
inet.
In the Y.W.C.A. elections held
Friday afternoon in the Women's
Clubhouse, Therina Guerard was
elected president; Florence Parsons,
vice-president; Frances Johnson,
secretary; and Barbara Binss, treas
urer.
The new cabinet will be appointed
by these officers, and will take of
fice next Wednesday evening at a
joint meeting with this year's cab
inet.
In the Y.W.C.A. elections held
Friday afternoon in the Women's
Clubhouse, Therina Guerard was
elected president; Florence Parsons,
vice-president; Frances Johnson,
secretary; and Barbara Binss, treas
urer.
The new cabinet will be appointed
by these officers, and will take of
fice next Wednesday evening at a
joint meeting with this year's cab
inet.
In the Y.W.C.A. elections held
Friday afternoon in the Women's
Clubhouse, Therina Guerard was
elected president; Florence Parsons,
vice-president; Frances Johnson,
secretary; and Barbara Binss, treas
urer.
The new cabinet will be appointed
by these officers, and will take of
fice next Wednesday evening at a
joint meeting with this year's cab
inet.
