# PETE INTRODUCES NEW TRUNKS TO WATER CARNIVAL
## 
### 
Part of Pete Desjardins' suc
cess at the Junior Water Car
nival he attributes to a re
markable pair of canary trunks,
especially knitted by a promi
nent manufacturer for aquatic
use by the Stanford genii of
fancy diving.
Desjardins initiated the new
shorts during his acrobatic
contortions off the springboard
Saturday afternoon before an
audience that evidenced itself
as highly pleased as the wearer
himself.
It was Pete's idea, he says,
to have canary-colored trunks
this summer, but it was a sur
prise to him to have them ar
rive, specially kniited to order
from the factory, and he in
tends to reserve them for state
occasions.
Part of Pete Desjardins' suc
cess at the Junior Water Car
nival he attributes to a re
markable pair of canary trunks,
especially knitted by a promi
nent manufacturer for aquatic
use by the Stanford genii of
fancy diving.
Desjardins initiated the new
shorts during his acrobatic
contortions off the springboard
Saturday afternoon before an
audience that evidenced itself
as highly pleased as the wearer
himself.
It was Pete's idea, he says,
to have canary-colored trunks
this summer, but it was a sur
prise to him to have them ar
rive, specially kniited to order
from the factory, and he in
tends to reserve them for state
occasions.
Part of Pete Desjardins' suc
cess at the Junior Water Car
nival he attributes to a re
markable pair of canary trunks,
especially knitted by a promi
nent manufacturer for aquatic
use by the Stanford genii of
fancy diving.
Desjardins initiated the new
shorts during his acrobatic
contortions off the springboard
Saturday afternoon before an
audience that evidenced itself
as highly pleased as the wearer
himself.
It was Pete's idea, he says,
to have canary-colored trunks
this summer, but it was a sur
prise to him to have them ar
rive, specially kniited to order
from the factory, and he in
tends to reserve them for state
occasions.
Part of Pete Desjardins' suc
cess at the Junior Water Car
nival he attributes to a re
markable pair of canary trunks,
especially knitted by a promi
nent manufacturer for aquatic
use by the Stanford genii of
fancy diving.
Desjardins initiated the new
shorts during his acrobatic
contortions off the springboard
Saturday afternoon before an
audience that evidenced itself
as highly pleased as the wearer
himself.
It was Pete's idea, he says,
to have canary-colored trunks
this summer, but it was a sur
prise to him to have them ar
rive, specially kniited to order
from the factory, and he in
tends to reserve them for state
occasions.
Part of Pete Desjardins' suc
cess at the Junior Water Car
nival he attributes to a re
markable pair of canary trunks,
especially knitted by a promi
nent manufacturer for aquatic
use by the Stanford genii of
fancy diving.
Desjardins initiated the new
shorts during his acrobatic
contortions off the springboard
Saturday afternoon before an
audience that evidenced itself
as highly pleased as the wearer
himself.
It was Pete's idea, he says,
to have canary-colored trunks
this summer, but it was a sur
prise to him to have them ar
rive, specially kniited to order
from the factory, and he in
tends to reserve them for state
occasions.
Part of Pete Desjardins' suc
cess at the Junior Water Car
nival he attributes to a re
markable pair of canary trunks,
especially knitted by a promi
nent manufacturer for aquatic
use by the Stanford genii of
fancy diving.
Desjardins initiated the new
shorts during his acrobatic
contortions off the springboard
Saturday afternoon before an
audience that evidenced itself
as highly pleased as the wearer
himself.
It was Pete's idea, he says,
to have canary-colored trunks
this summer, but it was a sur
prise to him to have them ar
rive, specially kniited to order
from the factory, and he in
tends to reserve them for state
occasions.
Part of Pete Desjardins' suc
cess at the Junior Water Car
nival he attributes to a re
markable pair of canary trunks,
especially knitted by a promi
nent manufacturer for aquatic
use by the Stanford genii of
fancy diving.
Desjardins initiated the new
shorts during his acrobatic
contortions off the springboard
Saturday afternoon before an
audience that evidenced itself
as highly pleased as the wearer
himself.
It was Pete's idea, he says,
to have canary-colored trunks
this summer, but it was a sur
prise to him to have them ar
rive, specially kniited to order
from the factory, and he in
tends to reserve them for state
occasions.
Part of Pete Desjardins' suc
cess at the Junior Water Car
nival he attributes to a re
markable pair of canary trunks,
especially knitted by a promi
nent manufacturer for aquatic
use by the Stanford genii of
fancy diving.
Desjardins initiated the new
shorts during his acrobatic
contortions off the springboard
Saturday afternoon before an
audience that evidenced itself
as highly pleased as the wearer
himself.
It was Pete's idea, he says,
to have canary-colored trunks
this summer, but it was a sur
prise to him to have them ar
rive, specially kniited to order
from the factory, and he in
tends to reserve them for state
occasions.
Part of Pete Desjardins' suc
cess at the Junior Water Car
nival he attributes to a re
markable pair of canary trunks,
especially knitted by a promi
nent manufacturer for aquatic
use by the Stanford genii of
fancy diving.
Desjardins initiated the new
shorts during his acrobatic
contortions off the springboard
Saturday afternoon before an
audience that evidenced itself
as highly pleased as the wearer
himself.
It was Pete's idea, he says,
to have canary-colored trunks
this summer, but it was a sur
prise to him to have them ar
rive, specially kniited to order
from the factory, and he in
tends to reserve them for state
occasions.
Part of Pete Desjardins' suc
cess at the Junior Water Car
nival he attributes to a re
markable pair of canary trunks,
especially knitted by a promi
nent manufacturer for aquatic
use by the Stanford genii of
fancy diving.
Desjardins initiated the new
shorts during his acrobatic
contortions off the springboard
Saturday afternoon before an
audience that evidenced itself
as highly pleased as the wearer
himself.
It was Pete's idea, he says,
to have canary-colored trunks
this summer, but it was a sur
prise to him to have them ar
rive, specially kniited to order
from the factory, and he in
tends to reserve them for state
occasions.
Part of Pete Desjardins' suc
cess at the Junior Water Car
nival he attributes to a re
markable pair of canary trunks,
especially knitted by a promi
nent manufacturer for aquatic
use by the Stanford genii of
fancy diving.
Desjardins initiated the new
shorts during his acrobatic
contortions off the springboard
Saturday afternoon before an
audience that evidenced itself
as highly pleased as the wearer
himself.
It was Pete's idea, he says,
to have canary-colored trunks
this summer, but it was a sur
prise to him to have them ar
rive, specially kniited to order
from the factory, and he in
tends to reserve them for state
occasions.
Part of Pete Desjardins' suc
cess at the Junior Water Car
nival he attributes to a re
markable pair of canary trunks,
especially knitted by a promi
nent manufacturer for aquatic
use by the Stanford genii of
fancy diving.
Desjardins initiated the new
shorts during his acrobatic
contortions off the springboard
Saturday afternoon before an
audience that evidenced itself
as highly pleased as the wearer
himself.
It was Pete's idea, he says,
to have canary-colored trunks
this summer, but it was a sur
prise to him to have them ar
rive, specially kniited to order
from the factory, and he in
tends to reserve them for state
occasions.
Part of Pete Desjardins' suc
cess at the Junior Water Car
nival he attributes to a re
markable pair of canary trunks,
especially knitted by a promi
nent manufacturer for aquatic
use by the Stanford genii of
fancy diving.
Desjardins initiated the new
shorts during his acrobatic
contortions off the springboard
Saturday afternoon before an
audience that evidenced itself
as highly pleased as the wearer
himself.
It was Pete's idea, he says,
to have canary-colored trunks
this summer, but it was a sur
prise to him to have them ar
rive, specially kniited to order
from the factory, and he in
tends to reserve them for state
occasions.
Part of Pete Desjardins' suc
cess at the Junior Water Car
nival he attributes to a re
markable pair of canary trunks,
especially knitted by a promi
nent manufacturer for aquatic
use by the Stanford genii of
fancy diving.
Desjardins initiated the new
shorts during his acrobatic
contortions off the springboard
Saturday afternoon before an
audience that evidenced itself
as highly pleased as the wearer
himself.
It was Pete's idea, he says,
to have canary-colored trunks
this summer, but it was a sur
prise to him to have them ar
rive, specially kniited to order
from the factory, and he in
tends to reserve them for state
occasions.
