# SOPHOMORE JOLLY-UP
## 
### 
The Sophomore Class will hold a
jolly-up, with music by Gordon
Heche's orchestra Wednesday night,
May 18, from 7 to 8 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. Everyone is
invited to attend the dance which
is under direction of Gene Brown.
The Sophomore Class will hold a
jolly-up, with music by Gordon
Heche's orchestra Wednesday night,
May 18, from 7 to 8 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. Everyone is
invited to attend the dance which
is under direction of Gene Brown.
The Sophomore Class will hold a
jolly-up, with music by Gordon
Heche's orchestra Wednesday night,
May 18, from 7 to 8 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. Everyone is
invited to attend the dance which
is under direction of Gene Brown.
The Sophomore Class will hold a
jolly-up, with music by Gordon
Heche's orchestra Wednesday night,
May 18, from 7 to 8 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. Everyone is
invited to attend the dance which
is under direction of Gene Brown.
The Sophomore Class will hold a
jolly-up, with music by Gordon
Heche's orchestra Wednesday night,
May 18, from 7 to 8 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. Everyone is
invited to attend the dance which
is under direction of Gene Brown.
The Sophomore Class will hold a
jolly-up, with music by Gordon
Heche's orchestra Wednesday night,
May 18, from 7 to 8 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. Everyone is
invited to attend the dance which
is under direction of Gene Brown.
The Sophomore Class will hold a
jolly-up, with music by Gordon
Heche's orchestra Wednesday night,
May 18, from 7 to 8 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. Everyone is
invited to attend the dance which
is under direction of Gene Brown.
The Sophomore Class will hold a
jolly-up, with music by Gordon
Heche's orchestra Wednesday night,
May 18, from 7 to 8 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. Everyone is
invited to attend the dance which
is under direction of Gene Brown.
The Sophomore Class will hold a
jolly-up, with music by Gordon
Heche's orchestra Wednesday night,
May 18, from 7 to 8 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. Everyone is
invited to attend the dance which
is under direction of Gene Brown.
The Sophomore Class will hold a
jolly-up, with music by Gordon
Heche's orchestra Wednesday night,
May 18, from 7 to 8 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. Everyone is
invited to attend the dance which
is under direction of Gene Brown.
The Sophomore Class will hold a
jolly-up, with music by Gordon
Heche's orchestra Wednesday night,
May 18, from 7 to 8 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. Everyone is
invited to attend the dance which
is under direction of Gene Brown.
The Sophomore Class will hold a
jolly-up, with music by Gordon
Heche's orchestra Wednesday night,
May 18, from 7 to 8 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. Everyone is
invited to attend the dance which
is under direction of Gene Brown.
The Sophomore Class will hold a
jolly-up, with music by Gordon
Heche's orchestra Wednesday night,
May 18, from 7 to 8 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. Everyone is
invited to attend the dance which
is under direction of Gene Brown.
The Sophomore Class will hold a
jolly-up, with music by Gordon
Heche's orchestra Wednesday night,
May 18, from 7 to 8 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse. Everyone is
invited to attend the dance which
is under direction of Gene Brown.
