# LEAGUE ASSOCIATION OFFERS TRIP PRIZE
## 
### 
A trip to Europe is the first prize
offered by the Leagtie of Nations
Association for the best thesis writ
ten on any one of a list of inter
national problems.
The contest is open to any regu
larly registered college student who
is an American citizen. Theses must
be submitted by the second of
March. Any pei'sons interested in
the contest may obtain the details
from Lisette Fast, secretary of Dr.
Edgar Robinson.
A trip to Europe is the first prize
offered by the Leagtie of Nations
Association for the best thesis writ
ten on any one of a list of inter
national problems.
The contest is open to any regu
larly registered college student who
is an American citizen. Theses must
be submitted by the second of
March. Any pei'sons interested in
the contest may obtain the details
from Lisette Fast, secretary of Dr.
Edgar Robinson.
A trip to Europe is the first prize
offered by the Leagtie of Nations
Association for the best thesis writ
ten on any one of a list of inter
national problems.
The contest is open to any regu
larly registered college student who
is an American citizen. Theses must
be submitted by the second of
March. Any pei'sons interested in
the contest may obtain the details
from Lisette Fast, secretary of Dr.
Edgar Robinson.
A trip to Europe is the first prize
offered by the Leagtie of Nations
Association for the best thesis writ
ten on any one of a list of inter
national problems.
The contest is open to any regu
larly registered college student who
is an American citizen. Theses must
be submitted by the second of
March. Any pei'sons interested in
the contest may obtain the details
from Lisette Fast, secretary of Dr.
Edgar Robinson.
A trip to Europe is the first prize
offered by the Leagtie of Nations
Association for the best thesis writ
ten on any one of a list of inter
national problems.
The contest is open to any regu
larly registered college student who
is an American citizen. Theses must
be submitted by the second of
March. Any pei'sons interested in
the contest may obtain the details
from Lisette Fast, secretary of Dr.
Edgar Robinson.
A trip to Europe is the first prize
offered by the Leagtie of Nations
Association for the best thesis writ
ten on any one of a list of inter
national problems.
The contest is open to any regu
larly registered college student who
is an American citizen. Theses must
be submitted by the second of
March. Any pei'sons interested in
the contest may obtain the details
from Lisette Fast, secretary of Dr.
Edgar Robinson.
A trip to Europe is the first prize
offered by the Leagtie of Nations
Association for the best thesis writ
ten on any one of a list of inter
national problems.
The contest is open to any regu
larly registered college student who
is an American citizen. Theses must
be submitted by the second of
March. Any pei'sons interested in
the contest may obtain the details
from Lisette Fast, secretary of Dr.
Edgar Robinson.
A trip to Europe is the first prize
offered by the Leagtie of Nations
Association for the best thesis writ
ten on any one of a list of inter
national problems.
The contest is open to any regu
larly registered college student who
is an American citizen. Theses must
be submitted by the second of
March. Any pei'sons interested in
the contest may obtain the details
from Lisette Fast, secretary of Dr.
Edgar Robinson.
A trip to Europe is the first prize
offered by the Leagtie of Nations
Association for the best thesis writ
ten on any one of a list of inter
national problems.
The contest is open to any regu
larly registered college student who
is an American citizen. Theses must
be submitted by the second of
March. Any pei'sons interested in
the contest may obtain the details
from Lisette Fast, secretary of Dr.
Edgar Robinson.
A trip to Europe is the first prize
offered by the Leagtie of Nations
Association for the best thesis writ
ten on any one of a list of inter
national problems.
The contest is open to any regu
larly registered college student who
is an American citizen. Theses must
be submitted by the second of
March. Any pei'sons interested in
the contest may obtain the details
from Lisette Fast, secretary of Dr.
Edgar Robinson.
A trip to Europe is the first prize
offered by the Leagtie of Nations
Association for the best thesis writ
ten on any one of a list of inter
national problems.
The contest is open to any regu
larly registered college student who
is an American citizen. Theses must
be submitted by the second of
March. Any pei'sons interested in
the contest may obtain the details
from Lisette Fast, secretary of Dr.
Edgar Robinson.
A trip to Europe is the first prize
offered by the Leagtie of Nations
Association for the best thesis writ
ten on any one of a list of inter
national problems.
The contest is open to any regu
larly registered college student who
is an American citizen. Theses must
be submitted by the second of
March. Any pei'sons interested in
the contest may obtain the details
from Lisette Fast, secretary of Dr.
Edgar Robinson.
A trip to Europe is the first prize
offered by the Leagtie of Nations
Association for the best thesis writ
ten on any one of a list of inter
national problems.
The contest is open to any regu
larly registered college student who
is an American citizen. Theses must
be submitted by the second of
March. Any pei'sons interested in
the contest may obtain the details
from Lisette Fast, secretary of Dr.
Edgar Robinson.
A trip to Europe is the first prize
offered by the Leagtie of Nations
Association for the best thesis writ
ten on any one of a list of inter
national problems.
The contest is open to any regu
larly registered college student who
is an American citizen. Theses must
be submitted by the second of
March. Any pei'sons interested in
the contest may obtain the details
from Lisette Fast, secretary of Dr.
Edgar Robinson.
A trip to Europe is the first prize
offered by the Leagtie of Nations
Association for the best thesis writ
ten on any one of a list of inter
national problems.
The contest is open to any regu
larly registered college student who
is an American citizen. Theses must
be submitted by the second of
March. Any pei'sons interested in
the contest may obtain the details
from Lisette Fast, secretary of Dr.
Edgar Robinson.
A trip to Europe is the first prize
offered by the Leagtie of Nations
Association for the best thesis writ
ten on any one of a list of inter
national problems.
The contest is open to any regu
larly registered college student who
is an American citizen. Theses must
be submitted by the second of
March. Any pei'sons interested in
the contest may obtain the details
from Lisette Fast, secretary of Dr.
Edgar Robinson.
A trip to Europe is the first prize
offered by the Leagtie of Nations
Association for the best thesis writ
ten on any one of a list of inter
national problems.
The contest is open to any regu
larly registered college student who
is an American citizen. Theses must
be submitted by the second of
March. Any pei'sons interested in
the contest may obtain the details
from Lisette Fast, secretary of Dr.
Edgar Robinson.
