# Adv. 7 Page 3
## 
### 
I The Stanford frosh tennis team
beat Stockton College, 7-0, yester
day afternoon.
I The Stanford frosh tennis team
beat Stockton College, 7-0, yester
day afternoon.
I The Stanford frosh tennis team
beat Stockton College, 7-0, yester
day afternoon.
I The Stanford frosh tennis team
beat Stockton College, 7-0, yester
day afternoon.
I The Stanford frosh tennis team
beat Stockton College, 7-0, yester
day afternoon.
I The Stanford frosh tennis team
beat Stockton College, 7-0, yester
day afternoon.
I The Stanford frosh tennis team
beat Stockton College, 7-0, yester
day afternoon.
I The Stanford frosh tennis team
beat Stockton College, 7-0, yester
day afternoon.
I The Stanford frosh tennis team
beat Stockton College, 7-0, yester
day afternoon.
I The Stanford frosh tennis team
beat Stockton College, 7-0, yester
day afternoon.
I The Stanford frosh tennis team
beat Stockton College, 7-0, yester
day afternoon.
I The Stanford frosh tennis team
beat Stockton College, 7-0, yester
day afternoon.
I The Stanford frosh tennis team
beat Stockton College, 7-0, yester
day afternoon.
I The Stanford frosh tennis team
beat Stockton College, 7-0, yester
day afternoon.
I The Stanford frosh tennis team
beat Stockton College, 7-0, yester
day afternoon.
I The Stanford frosh tennis team
beat Stockton College, 7-0, yester
day afternoon.
