# Dedication Set Tomorrow for Chem Building
## 
### 
President Wallace Sterling
tomorrow will welcome 13 of
the world's greatest chemists
to the dedication of Stan
ford's new John Stauffer
Chemistry Building.
The chemists, who will con
duct an international chemis
t ry symposium, rep resent
universities and scientific
academies in Moscow, Paris,
Tokyo, Stockholm, London,
Zurich, Germany, and the
eastern United States.
The symposium will begin
tomorrow morning and con
tinue through Friday. Attend
ance is by invitation.
Sterling and Provost Fred
erick E. Terman will speak in
the morning. At noon the
University will dedicate the
chemistry building, which
cost $800,000 to construct.
President Wallace Sterling
tomorrow will welcome 13 of
the world's greatest chemists
to the dedication of Stan
ford's new John Stauffer
Chemistry Building.
The chemists, who will con
duct an international chemis
t ry symposium, rep resent
universities and scientific
academies in Moscow, Paris,
Tokyo, Stockholm, London,
Zurich, Germany, and the
eastern United States.
The symposium will begin
tomorrow morning and con
tinue through Friday. Attend
ance is by invitation.
Sterling and Provost Fred
erick E. Terman will speak in
the morning. At noon the
University will dedicate the
chemistry building, which
cost $800,000 to construct.
President Wallace Sterling
tomorrow will welcome 13 of
the world's greatest chemists
to the dedication of Stan
ford's new John Stauffer
Chemistry Building.
The chemists, who will con
duct an international chemis
t ry symposium, rep resent
universities and scientific
academies in Moscow, Paris,
Tokyo, Stockholm, London,
Zurich, Germany, and the
eastern United States.
The symposium will begin
tomorrow morning and con
tinue through Friday. Attend
ance is by invitation.
Sterling and Provost Fred
erick E. Terman will speak in
the morning. At noon the
University will dedicate the
chemistry building, which
cost $800,000 to construct.
President Wallace Sterling
tomorrow will welcome 13 of
the world's greatest chemists
to the dedication of Stan
ford's new John Stauffer
Chemistry Building.
The chemists, who will con
duct an international chemis
t ry symposium, rep resent
universities and scientific
academies in Moscow, Paris,
Tokyo, Stockholm, London,
Zurich, Germany, and the
eastern United States.
The symposium will begin
tomorrow morning and con
tinue through Friday. Attend
ance is by invitation.
Sterling and Provost Fred
erick E. Terman will speak in
the morning. At noon the
University will dedicate the
chemistry building, which
cost $800,000 to construct.
President Wallace Sterling
tomorrow will welcome 13 of
the world's greatest chemists
to the dedication of Stan
ford's new John Stauffer
Chemistry Building.
The chemists, who will con
duct an international chemis
t ry symposium, rep resent
universities and scientific
academies in Moscow, Paris,
Tokyo, Stockholm, London,
Zurich, Germany, and the
eastern United States.
The symposium will begin
tomorrow morning and con
tinue through Friday. Attend
ance is by invitation.
Sterling and Provost Fred
erick E. Terman will speak in
the morning. At noon the
University will dedicate the
chemistry building, which
cost $800,000 to construct.
President Wallace Sterling
tomorrow will welcome 13 of
the world's greatest chemists
to the dedication of Stan
ford's new John Stauffer
Chemistry Building.
The chemists, who will con
duct an international chemis
t ry symposium, rep resent
universities and scientific
academies in Moscow, Paris,
Tokyo, Stockholm, London,
Zurich, Germany, and the
eastern United States.
The symposium will begin
tomorrow morning and con
tinue through Friday. Attend
ance is by invitation.
Sterling and Provost Fred
erick E. Terman will speak in
the morning. At noon the
University will dedicate the
chemistry building, which
cost $800,000 to construct.
President Wallace Sterling
tomorrow will welcome 13 of
the world's greatest chemists
to the dedication of Stan
ford's new John Stauffer
Chemistry Building.
The chemists, who will con
duct an international chemis
t ry symposium, rep resent
universities and scientific
academies in Moscow, Paris,
Tokyo, Stockholm, London,
Zurich, Germany, and the
eastern United States.
The symposium will begin
tomorrow morning and con
tinue through Friday. Attend
ance is by invitation.
Sterling and Provost Fred
erick E. Terman will speak in
the morning. At noon the
University will dedicate the
chemistry building, which
cost $800,000 to construct.
President Wallace Sterling
tomorrow will welcome 13 of
the world's greatest chemists
to the dedication of Stan
ford's new John Stauffer
Chemistry Building.
The chemists, who will con
duct an international chemis
t ry symposium, rep resent
universities and scientific
academies in Moscow, Paris,
Tokyo, Stockholm, London,
Zurich, Germany, and the
eastern United States.
The symposium will begin
tomorrow morning and con
tinue through Friday. Attend
ance is by invitation.
Sterling and Provost Fred
erick E. Terman will speak in
the morning. At noon the
University will dedicate the
chemistry building, which
cost $800,000 to construct.
President Wallace Sterling
tomorrow will welcome 13 of
the world's greatest chemists
to the dedication of Stan
ford's new John Stauffer
Chemistry Building.
The chemists, who will con
duct an international chemis
t ry symposium, rep resent
universities and scientific
academies in Moscow, Paris,
Tokyo, Stockholm, London,
Zurich, Germany, and the
eastern United States.
The symposium will begin
tomorrow morning and con
tinue through Friday. Attend
ance is by invitation.
Sterling and Provost Fred
erick E. Terman will speak in
the morning. At noon the
University will dedicate the
chemistry building, which
cost $800,000 to construct.
President Wallace Sterling
tomorrow will welcome 13 of
the world's greatest chemists
to the dedication of Stan
ford's new John Stauffer
Chemistry Building.
The chemists, who will con
duct an international chemis
t ry symposium, rep resent
universities and scientific
academies in Moscow, Paris,
Tokyo, Stockholm, London,
Zurich, Germany, and the
eastern United States.
The symposium will begin
tomorrow morning and con
tinue through Friday. Attend
ance is by invitation.
Sterling and Provost Fred
erick E. Terman will speak in
the morning. At noon the
University will dedicate the
chemistry building, which
cost $800,000 to construct.
President Wallace Sterling
tomorrow will welcome 13 of
the world's greatest chemists
to the dedication of Stan
ford's new John Stauffer
Chemistry Building.
The chemists, who will con
duct an international chemis
t ry symposium, rep resent
universities and scientific
academies in Moscow, Paris,
Tokyo, Stockholm, London,
Zurich, Germany, and the
eastern United States.
The symposium will begin
tomorrow morning and con
tinue through Friday. Attend
ance is by invitation.
Sterling and Provost Fred
erick E. Terman will speak in
the morning. At noon the
University will dedicate the
chemistry building, which
cost $800,000 to construct.
President Wallace Sterling
tomorrow will welcome 13 of
the world's greatest chemists
to the dedication of Stan
ford's new John Stauffer
Chemistry Building.
The chemists, who will con
duct an international chemis
t ry symposium, rep resent
universities and scientific
academies in Moscow, Paris,
Tokyo, Stockholm, London,
Zurich, Germany, and the
eastern United States.
The symposium will begin
tomorrow morning and con
tinue through Friday. Attend
ance is by invitation.
Sterling and Provost Fred
erick E. Terman will speak in
the morning. At noon the
University will dedicate the
chemistry building, which
cost $800,000 to construct.
President Wallace Sterling
tomorrow will welcome 13 of
the world's greatest chemists
to the dedication of Stan
ford's new John Stauffer
Chemistry Building.
The chemists, who will con
duct an international chemis
t ry symposium, rep resent
universities and scientific
academies in Moscow, Paris,
Tokyo, Stockholm, London,
Zurich, Germany, and the
eastern United States.
The symposium will begin
tomorrow morning and con
tinue through Friday. Attend
ance is by invitation.
Sterling and Provost Fred
erick E. Terman will speak in
the morning. At noon the
University will dedicate the
chemistry building, which
cost $800,000 to construct.
President Wallace Sterling
tomorrow will welcome 13 of
the world's greatest chemists
to the dedication of Stan
ford's new John Stauffer
Chemistry Building.
The chemists, who will con
duct an international chemis
t ry symposium, rep resent
universities and scientific
academies in Moscow, Paris,
Tokyo, Stockholm, London,
Zurich, Germany, and the
eastern United States.
The symposium will begin
tomorrow morning and con
tinue through Friday. Attend
ance is by invitation.
Sterling and Provost Fred
erick E. Terman will speak in
the morning. At noon the
University will dedicate the
chemistry building, which
cost $800,000 to construct.
President Wallace Sterling
tomorrow will welcome 13 of
the world's greatest chemists
to the dedication of Stan
ford's new John Stauffer
Chemistry Building.
The chemists, who will con
duct an international chemis
t ry symposium, rep resent
universities and scientific
academies in Moscow, Paris,
Tokyo, Stockholm, London,
Zurich, Germany, and the
eastern United States.
The symposium will begin
tomorrow morning and con
tinue through Friday. Attend
ance is by invitation.
Sterling and Provost Fred
erick E. Terman will speak in
the morning. At noon the
University will dedicate the
chemistry building, which
cost $800,000 to construct.
President Wallace Sterling
tomorrow will welcome 13 of
the world's greatest chemists
to the dedication of Stan
ford's new John Stauffer
Chemistry Building.
The chemists, who will con
duct an international chemis
t ry symposium, rep resent
universities and scientific
academies in Moscow, Paris,
Tokyo, Stockholm, London,
Zurich, Germany, and the
eastern United States.
The symposium will begin
tomorrow morning and con
tinue through Friday. Attend
ance is by invitation.
Sterling and Provost Fred
erick E. Terman will speak in
the morning. At noon the
University will dedicate the
chemistry building, which
cost $800,000 to construct.
