# Adv. 25 Page 4
## 
### 
READY
FOR SUMMER?
You may be ready for weekend
travel this surnmer, but what
about your car?
MOTOR TUNE-UP
CHEVRON LUBRICATION
RATTLES TAKEN OUT
BILL
YOUNG'S
SALES SERVICE
849 High St. DA 3-3484
Chevron Credit Card Service
Complete Auto
Maintenance
QUALITY USED CARS
READY
FOR SUMMER?
You may be ready for weekend
travel this surnmer, but what
about your car?
MOTOR TUNE-UP
CHEVRON LUBRICATION
RATTLES TAKEN OUT
BILL
YOUNG'S
SALES SERVICE
849 High St. DA 3-3484
Chevron Credit Card Service
Complete Auto
Maintenance
QUALITY USED CARS
READY
FOR SUMMER?
You may be ready for weekend
travel this surnmer, but what
about your car?
MOTOR TUNE-UP
CHEVRON LUBRICATION
RATTLES TAKEN OUT
BILL
YOUNG'S
SALES SERVICE
849 High St. DA 3-3484
Chevron Credit Card Service
Complete Auto
Maintenance
QUALITY USED CARS
READY
FOR SUMMER?
You may be ready for weekend
travel this surnmer, but what
about your car?
MOTOR TUNE-UP
CHEVRON LUBRICATION
RATTLES TAKEN OUT
BILL
YOUNG'S
SALES SERVICE
849 High St. DA 3-3484
Chevron Credit Card Service
Complete Auto
Maintenance
QUALITY USED CARS
READY
FOR SUMMER?
You may be ready for weekend
travel this surnmer, but what
about your car?
MOTOR TUNE-UP
CHEVRON LUBRICATION
RATTLES TAKEN OUT
BILL
YOUNG'S
SALES SERVICE
849 High St. DA 3-3484
Chevron Credit Card Service
Complete Auto
Maintenance
QUALITY USED CARS
READY
FOR SUMMER?
You may be ready for weekend
travel this surnmer, but what
about your car?
MOTOR TUNE-UP
CHEVRON LUBRICATION
RATTLES TAKEN OUT
BILL
YOUNG'S
SALES SERVICE
849 High St. DA 3-3484
Chevron Credit Card Service
Complete Auto
Maintenance
QUALITY USED CARS
READY
FOR SUMMER?
You may be ready for weekend
travel this surnmer, but what
about your car?
MOTOR TUNE-UP
CHEVRON LUBRICATION
RATTLES TAKEN OUT
BILL
YOUNG'S
SALES SERVICE
849 High St. DA 3-3484
Chevron Credit Card Service
Complete Auto
Maintenance
QUALITY USED CARS
READY
FOR SUMMER?
You may be ready for weekend
travel this surnmer, but what
about your car?
MOTOR TUNE-UP
CHEVRON LUBRICATION
RATTLES TAKEN OUT
BILL
YOUNG'S
SALES SERVICE
849 High St. DA 3-3484
Chevron Credit Card Service
Complete Auto
Maintenance
QUALITY USED CARS
READY
FOR SUMMER?
You may be ready for weekend
travel this surnmer, but what
about your car?
MOTOR TUNE-UP
CHEVRON LUBRICATION
RATTLES TAKEN OUT
BILL
YOUNG'S
SALES SERVICE
849 High St. DA 3-3484
Chevron Credit Card Service
Complete Auto
Maintenance
QUALITY USED CARS
READY
FOR SUMMER?
You may be ready for weekend
travel this surnmer, but what
about your car?
MOTOR TUNE-UP
CHEVRON LUBRICATION
RATTLES TAKEN OUT
BILL
YOUNG'S
SALES SERVICE
849 High St. DA 3-3484
Chevron Credit Card Service
Complete Auto
Maintenance
QUALITY USED CARS
READY
FOR SUMMER?
You may be ready for weekend
travel this surnmer, but what
about your car?
MOTOR TUNE-UP
CHEVRON LUBRICATION
RATTLES TAKEN OUT
BILL
YOUNG'S
SALES SERVICE
849 High St. DA 3-3484
Chevron Credit Card Service
Complete Auto
Maintenance
QUALITY USED CARS
READY
FOR SUMMER?
You may be ready for weekend
travel this surnmer, but what
about your car?
MOTOR TUNE-UP
CHEVRON LUBRICATION
RATTLES TAKEN OUT
BILL
YOUNG'S
SALES SERVICE
849 High St. DA 3-3484
Chevron Credit Card Service
Complete Auto
Maintenance
QUALITY USED CARS
READY
FOR SUMMER?
You may be ready for weekend
travel this surnmer, but what
about your car?
MOTOR TUNE-UP
CHEVRON LUBRICATION
RATTLES TAKEN OUT
BILL
YOUNG'S
SALES SERVICE
849 High St. DA 3-3484
Chevron Credit Card Service
Complete Auto
Maintenance
QUALITY USED CARS
READY
FOR SUMMER?
You may be ready for weekend
travel this surnmer, but what
about your car?
MOTOR TUNE-UP
CHEVRON LUBRICATION
RATTLES TAKEN OUT
BILL
YOUNG'S
SALES SERVICE
849 High St. DA 3-3484
Chevron Credit Card Service
Complete Auto
Maintenance
QUALITY USED CARS
READY
FOR SUMMER?
You may be ready for weekend
travel this surnmer, but what
about your car?
MOTOR TUNE-UP
CHEVRON LUBRICATION
RATTLES TAKEN OUT
BILL
YOUNG'S
SALES SERVICE
849 High St. DA 3-3484
Chevron Credit Card Service
Complete Auto
Maintenance
QUALITY USED CARS
READY
FOR SUMMER?
You may be ready for weekend
travel this surnmer, but what
about your car?
MOTOR TUNE-UP
CHEVRON LUBRICATION
RATTLES TAKEN OUT
BILL
YOUNG'S
SALES SERVICE
849 High St. DA 3-3484
Chevron Credit Card Service
Complete Auto
Maintenance
QUALITY USED CARS
