# Investigator Jobs Open to Students
## 
### 
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces employment
opportunities for investigator (male
only). This position carries the rat
ings GS-7 (trainee) and GS-9. Sal
aries are $4,205 a year for GS-7.
and $5,060 a year for GS-9. Qual
ifications are three years of inves
tigative experience or the success
ful completion ot' four years' study
above the high school level, or mem
bership in the bar. A combination
of experience and study are ac
ceptable.
Applications will *be accepted
from students who expect to com
plete the required years of .study
by September, 1952. Mainland resi-
Jtncs whose applications are re
ceived in the San Francisco office
cn or before Friday will be given a
written test on 2.
Application blanks and further
information are available at the
Placement Service.
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces employment
opportunities for investigator (male
only). This position carries the rat
ings GS-7 (trainee) and GS-9. Sal
aries are $4,205 a year for GS-7.
and $5,060 a year for GS-9. Qual
ifications are three years of inves
tigative experience or the success
ful completion ot' four years' study
above the high school level, or mem
bership in the bar. A combination
of experience and study are ac
ceptable.
Applications will *be accepted
from students who expect to com
plete the required years of .study
by September, 1952. Mainland resi-
Jtncs whose applications are re
ceived in the San Francisco office
cn or before Friday will be given a
written test on 2.
Application blanks and further
information are available at the
Placement Service.
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces employment
opportunities for investigator (male
only). This position carries the rat
ings GS-7 (trainee) and GS-9. Sal
aries are $4,205 a year for GS-7.
and $5,060 a year for GS-9. Qual
ifications are three years of inves
tigative experience or the success
ful completion ot' four years' study
above the high school level, or mem
bership in the bar. A combination
of experience and study are ac
ceptable.
Applications will *be accepted
from students who expect to com
plete the required years of .study
by September, 1952. Mainland resi-
Jtncs whose applications are re
ceived in the San Francisco office
cn or before Friday will be given a
written test on 2.
Application blanks and further
information are available at the
Placement Service.
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces employment
opportunities for investigator (male
only). This position carries the rat
ings GS-7 (trainee) and GS-9. Sal
aries are $4,205 a year for GS-7.
and $5,060 a year for GS-9. Qual
ifications are three years of inves
tigative experience or the success
ful completion ot' four years' study
above the high school level, or mem
bership in the bar. A combination
of experience and study are ac
ceptable.
Applications will *be accepted
from students who expect to com
plete the required years of .study
by September, 1952. Mainland resi-
Jtncs whose applications are re
ceived in the San Francisco office
cn or before Friday will be given a
written test on 2.
Application blanks and further
information are available at the
Placement Service.
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces employment
opportunities for investigator (male
only). This position carries the rat
ings GS-7 (trainee) and GS-9. Sal
aries are $4,205 a year for GS-7.
and $5,060 a year for GS-9. Qual
ifications are three years of inves
tigative experience or the success
ful completion ot' four years' study
above the high school level, or mem
bership in the bar. A combination
of experience and study are ac
ceptable.
Applications will *be accepted
from students who expect to com
plete the required years of .study
by September, 1952. Mainland resi-
Jtncs whose applications are re
ceived in the San Francisco office
cn or before Friday will be given a
written test on 2.
Application blanks and further
information are available at the
Placement Service.
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces employment
opportunities for investigator (male
only). This position carries the rat
ings GS-7 (trainee) and GS-9. Sal
aries are $4,205 a year for GS-7.
and $5,060 a year for GS-9. Qual
ifications are three years of inves
tigative experience or the success
ful completion ot' four years' study
above the high school level, or mem
bership in the bar. A combination
of experience and study are ac
ceptable.
Applications will *be accepted
from students who expect to com
plete the required years of .study
by September, 1952. Mainland resi-
Jtncs whose applications are re
ceived in the San Francisco office
cn or before Friday will be given a
written test on 2.
Application blanks and further
information are available at the
Placement Service.
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces employment
opportunities for investigator (male
only). This position carries the rat
ings GS-7 (trainee) and GS-9. Sal
aries are $4,205 a year for GS-7.
and $5,060 a year for GS-9. Qual
ifications are three years of inves
tigative experience or the success
ful completion ot' four years' study
above the high school level, or mem
bership in the bar. A combination
of experience and study are ac
ceptable.
Applications will *be accepted
from students who expect to com
plete the required years of .study
by September, 1952. Mainland resi-
Jtncs whose applications are re
ceived in the San Francisco office
cn or before Friday will be given a
written test on 2.
Application blanks and further
information are available at the
Placement Service.
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces employment
opportunities for investigator (male
only). This position carries the rat
ings GS-7 (trainee) and GS-9. Sal
aries are $4,205 a year for GS-7.
and $5,060 a year for GS-9. Qual
ifications are three years of inves
tigative experience or the success
ful completion ot' four years' study
above the high school level, or mem
bership in the bar. A combination
of experience and study are ac
ceptable.
Applications will *be accepted
from students who expect to com
plete the required years of .study
by September, 1952. Mainland resi-
Jtncs whose applications are re
ceived in the San Francisco office
cn or before Friday will be given a
written test on 2.
Application blanks and further
information are available at the
Placement Service.
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces employment
opportunities for investigator (male
only). This position carries the rat
ings GS-7 (trainee) and GS-9. Sal
aries are $4,205 a year for GS-7.
and $5,060 a year for GS-9. Qual
ifications are three years of inves
tigative experience or the success
ful completion ot' four years' study
above the high school level, or mem
bership in the bar. A combination
of experience and study are ac
ceptable.
Applications will *be accepted
from students who expect to com
plete the required years of .study
by September, 1952. Mainland resi-
Jtncs whose applications are re
ceived in the San Francisco office
cn or before Friday will be given a
written test on 2.
Application blanks and further
information are available at the
Placement Service.
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces employment
opportunities for investigator (male
only). This position carries the rat
ings GS-7 (trainee) and GS-9. Sal
aries are $4,205 a year for GS-7.
and $5,060 a year for GS-9. Qual
ifications are three years of inves
tigative experience or the success
ful completion ot' four years' study
above the high school level, or mem
bership in the bar. A combination
of experience and study are ac
ceptable.
Applications will *be accepted
from students who expect to com
plete the required years of .study
by September, 1952. Mainland resi-
Jtncs whose applications are re
ceived in the San Francisco office
cn or before Friday will be given a
written test on 2.
Application blanks and further
information are available at the
Placement Service.
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces employment
opportunities for investigator (male
only). This position carries the rat
ings GS-7 (trainee) and GS-9. Sal
aries are $4,205 a year for GS-7.
and $5,060 a year for GS-9. Qual
ifications are three years of inves
tigative experience or the success
ful completion ot' four years' study
above the high school level, or mem
bership in the bar. A combination
of experience and study are ac
ceptable.
Applications will *be accepted
from students who expect to com
plete the required years of .study
by September, 1952. Mainland resi-
Jtncs whose applications are re
ceived in the San Francisco office
cn or before Friday will be given a
written test on 2.
Application blanks and further
information are available at the
Placement Service.
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces employment
opportunities for investigator (male
only). This position carries the rat
ings GS-7 (trainee) and GS-9. Sal
aries are $4,205 a year for GS-7.
and $5,060 a year for GS-9. Qual
ifications are three years of inves
tigative experience or the success
ful completion ot' four years' study
above the high school level, or mem
bership in the bar. A combination
of experience and study are ac
ceptable.
Applications will *be accepted
from students who expect to com
plete the required years of .study
by September, 1952. Mainland resi-
Jtncs whose applications are re
ceived in the San Francisco office
cn or before Friday will be given a
written test on 2.
Application blanks and further
information are available at the
Placement Service.
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces employment
opportunities for investigator (male
only). This position carries the rat
ings GS-7 (trainee) and GS-9. Sal
aries are $4,205 a year for GS-7.
and $5,060 a year for GS-9. Qual
ifications are three years of inves
tigative experience or the success
ful completion ot' four years' study
above the high school level, or mem
bership in the bar. A combination
of experience and study are ac
ceptable.
Applications will *be accepted
from students who expect to com
plete the required years of .study
by September, 1952. Mainland resi-
Jtncs whose applications are re
ceived in the San Francisco office
cn or before Friday will be given a
written test on 2.
Application blanks and further
information are available at the
Placement Service.
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces employment
opportunities for investigator (male
only). This position carries the rat
ings GS-7 (trainee) and GS-9. Sal
aries are $4,205 a year for GS-7.
and $5,060 a year for GS-9. Qual
ifications are three years of inves
tigative experience or the success
ful completion ot' four years' study
above the high school level, or mem
bership in the bar. A combination
of experience and study are ac
ceptable.
Applications will *be accepted
from students who expect to com
plete the required years of .study
by September, 1952. Mainland resi-
Jtncs whose applications are re
ceived in the San Francisco office
cn or before Friday will be given a
written test on 2.
Application blanks and further
information are available at the
Placement Service.
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces employment
opportunities for investigator (male
only). This position carries the rat
ings GS-7 (trainee) and GS-9. Sal
aries are $4,205 a year for GS-7.
and $5,060 a year for GS-9. Qual
ifications are three years of inves
tigative experience or the success
ful completion ot' four years' study
above the high school level, or mem
bership in the bar. A combination
of experience and study are ac
ceptable.
Applications will *be accepted
from students who expect to com
plete the required years of .study
by September, 1952. Mainland resi-
Jtncs whose applications are re
ceived in the San Francisco office
cn or before Friday will be given a
written test on 2.
Application blanks and further
information are available at the
Placement Service.
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces employment
opportunities for investigator (male
only). This position carries the rat
ings GS-7 (trainee) and GS-9. Sal
aries are $4,205 a year for GS-7.
and $5,060 a year for GS-9. Qual
ifications are three years of inves
tigative experience or the success
ful completion ot' four years' study
above the high school level, or mem
bership in the bar. A combination
of experience and study are ac
ceptable.
Applications will *be accepted
from students who expect to com
plete the required years of .study
by September, 1952. Mainland resi-
Jtncs whose applications are re
ceived in the San Francisco office
cn or before Friday will be given a
written test on 2.
Application blanks and further
information are available at the
Placement Service.
