# White Plaza Watch
## 
### 
Interview by David Bianco
Photos by Karen Levy

• What do you think
they're hiding between
the first and top floors
of Hoover Tower?



"An S. & M.
shop."
Frank Guevara
Junior, human biology


"Books.
Nothing but
books."
Adm. James
Stockdale
Hoover Fellow and
former Vice-Presidential
Candidate


"The true
house of the
Barbie Hall of
Fame."
Peter Edmonston
Senior, computer science
Interview by David Bianco
Photos by Karen Levy

• What do you think
they're hiding between
the first and top floors
of Hoover Tower?



"An S. & M.
shop."
Frank Guevara
Junior, human biology


"Books.
Nothing but
books."
Adm. James
Stockdale
Hoover Fellow and
former Vice-Presidential
Candidate


"The true
house of the
Barbie Hall of
Fame."
Peter Edmonston
Senior, computer science
Interview by David Bianco
Photos by Karen Levy

• What do you think
they're hiding between
the first and top floors
of Hoover Tower?



"An S. & M.
shop."
Frank Guevara
Junior, human biology


"Books.
Nothing but
books."
Adm. James
Stockdale
Hoover Fellow and
former Vice-Presidential
Candidate


"The true
house of the
Barbie Hall of
Fame."
Peter Edmonston
Senior, computer science
Interview by David Bianco
Photos by Karen Levy

• What do you think
they're hiding between
the first and top floors
of Hoover Tower?



"An S. & M.
shop."
Frank Guevara
Junior, human biology


"Books.
Nothing but
books."
Adm. James
Stockdale
Hoover Fellow and
former Vice-Presidential
Candidate


"The true
house of the
Barbie Hall of
Fame."
Peter Edmonston
Senior, computer science
Interview by David Bianco
Photos by Karen Levy

• What do you think
they're hiding between
the first and top floors
of Hoover Tower?



"An S. & M.
shop."
Frank Guevara
Junior, human biology


"Books.
Nothing but
books."
Adm. James
Stockdale
Hoover Fellow and
former Vice-Presidential
Candidate


"The true
house of the
Barbie Hall of
Fame."
Peter Edmonston
Senior, computer science
Interview by David Bianco
Photos by Karen Levy

• What do you think
they're hiding between
the first and top floors
of Hoover Tower?



"An S. & M.
shop."
Frank Guevara
Junior, human biology


"Books.
Nothing but
books."
Adm. James
Stockdale
Hoover Fellow and
former Vice-Presidential
Candidate


"The true
house of the
Barbie Hall of
Fame."
Peter Edmonston
Senior, computer science
Interview by David Bianco
Photos by Karen Levy

• What do you think
they're hiding between
the first and top floors
of Hoover Tower?



"An S. & M.
shop."
Frank Guevara
Junior, human biology


"Books.
Nothing but
books."
Adm. James
Stockdale
Hoover Fellow and
former Vice-Presidential
Candidate


"The true
house of the
Barbie Hall of
Fame."
Peter Edmonston
Senior, computer science
