# Untitled Article
## 
### 

AN AMERICAN MP gives close attention to Japanese General Yamashita,
left, as he enters the Manila court room in which he is being tried for
war crimes. The trial is now in its second week. Yamashita is charged
with 12.'5 specifications of negligence which resulted in mass murder of
Americans and Filipinos.

AN AMERICAN MP gives close attention to Japanese General Yamashita,
left, as he enters the Manila court room in which he is being tried for
war crimes. The trial is now in its second week. Yamashita is charged
with 12.'5 specifications of negligence which resulted in mass murder of
Americans and Filipinos.

AN AMERICAN MP gives close attention to Japanese General Yamashita,
left, as he enters the Manila court room in which he is being tried for
war crimes. The trial is now in its second week. Yamashita is charged
with 12.'5 specifications of negligence which resulted in mass murder of
Americans and Filipinos.

AN AMERICAN MP gives close attention to Japanese General Yamashita,
left, as he enters the Manila court room in which he is being tried for
war crimes. The trial is now in its second week. Yamashita is charged
with 12.'5 specifications of negligence which resulted in mass murder of
Americans and Filipinos.

AN AMERICAN MP gives close attention to Japanese General Yamashita,
left, as he enters the Manila court room in which he is being tried for
war crimes. The trial is now in its second week. Yamashita is charged
with 12.'5 specifications of negligence which resulted in mass murder of
Americans and Filipinos.

AN AMERICAN MP gives close attention to Japanese General Yamashita,
left, as he enters the Manila court room in which he is being tried for
war crimes. The trial is now in its second week. Yamashita is charged
with 12.'5 specifications of negligence which resulted in mass murder of
Americans and Filipinos.

AN AMERICAN MP gives close attention to Japanese General Yamashita,
left, as he enters the Manila court room in which he is being tried for
war crimes. The trial is now in its second week. Yamashita is charged
with 12.'5 specifications of negligence which resulted in mass murder of
Americans and Filipinos.

AN AMERICAN MP gives close attention to Japanese General Yamashita,
left, as he enters the Manila court room in which he is being tried for
war crimes. The trial is now in its second week. Yamashita is charged
with 12.'5 specifications of negligence which resulted in mass murder of
Americans and Filipinos.

AN AMERICAN MP gives close attention to Japanese General Yamashita,
left, as he enters the Manila court room in which he is being tried for
war crimes. The trial is now in its second week. Yamashita is charged
with 12.'5 specifications of negligence which resulted in mass murder of
Americans and Filipinos.

AN AMERICAN MP gives close attention to Japanese General Yamashita,
left, as he enters the Manila court room in which he is being tried for
war crimes. The trial is now in its second week. Yamashita is charged
with 12.'5 specifications of negligence which resulted in mass murder of
Americans and Filipinos.

AN AMERICAN MP gives close attention to Japanese General Yamashita,
left, as he enters the Manila court room in which he is being tried for
war crimes. The trial is now in its second week. Yamashita is charged
with 12.'5 specifications of negligence which resulted in mass murder of
Americans and Filipinos.

AN AMERICAN MP gives close attention to Japanese General Yamashita,
left, as he enters the Manila court room in which he is being tried for
war crimes. The trial is now in its second week. Yamashita is charged
with 12.'5 specifications of negligence which resulted in mass murder of
Americans and Filipinos.

AN AMERICAN MP gives close attention to Japanese General Yamashita,
left, as he enters the Manila court room in which he is being tried for
war crimes. The trial is now in its second week. Yamashita is charged
with 12.'5 specifications of negligence which resulted in mass murder of
Americans and Filipinos.

AN AMERICAN MP gives close attention to Japanese General Yamashita,
left, as he enters the Manila court room in which he is being tried for
war crimes. The trial is now in its second week. Yamashita is charged
with 12.'5 specifications of negligence which resulted in mass murder of
Americans and Filipinos.

AN AMERICAN MP gives close attention to Japanese General Yamashita,
left, as he enters the Manila court room in which he is being tried for
war crimes. The trial is now in its second week. Yamashita is charged
with 12.'5 specifications of negligence which resulted in mass murder of
Americans and Filipinos.
