# ALUMNI HEAR OLD SONGS
## 
### 
Strains of "Hail Purdue" thrilled
an alumnus of Purdue University in
Yokohama, stated the Purdue Ex
ponent. Recently the Daily carried
a story of a Stanford graduate who
heard "Come Join the Band" some
where in Japan.
Strains of "Hail Purdue" thrilled
an alumnus of Purdue University in
Yokohama, stated the Purdue Ex
ponent. Recently the Daily carried
a story of a Stanford graduate who
heard "Come Join the Band" some
where in Japan.
Strains of "Hail Purdue" thrilled
an alumnus of Purdue University in
Yokohama, stated the Purdue Ex
ponent. Recently the Daily carried
a story of a Stanford graduate who
heard "Come Join the Band" some
where in Japan.
Strains of "Hail Purdue" thrilled
an alumnus of Purdue University in
Yokohama, stated the Purdue Ex
ponent. Recently the Daily carried
a story of a Stanford graduate who
heard "Come Join the Band" some
where in Japan.
Strains of "Hail Purdue" thrilled
an alumnus of Purdue University in
Yokohama, stated the Purdue Ex
ponent. Recently the Daily carried
a story of a Stanford graduate who
heard "Come Join the Band" some
where in Japan.
Strains of "Hail Purdue" thrilled
an alumnus of Purdue University in
Yokohama, stated the Purdue Ex
ponent. Recently the Daily carried
a story of a Stanford graduate who
heard "Come Join the Band" some
where in Japan.
Strains of "Hail Purdue" thrilled
an alumnus of Purdue University in
Yokohama, stated the Purdue Ex
ponent. Recently the Daily carried
a story of a Stanford graduate who
heard "Come Join the Band" some
where in Japan.
Strains of "Hail Purdue" thrilled
an alumnus of Purdue University in
Yokohama, stated the Purdue Ex
ponent. Recently the Daily carried
a story of a Stanford graduate who
heard "Come Join the Band" some
where in Japan.
Strains of "Hail Purdue" thrilled
an alumnus of Purdue University in
Yokohama, stated the Purdue Ex
ponent. Recently the Daily carried
a story of a Stanford graduate who
heard "Come Join the Band" some
where in Japan.
Strains of "Hail Purdue" thrilled
an alumnus of Purdue University in
Yokohama, stated the Purdue Ex
ponent. Recently the Daily carried
a story of a Stanford graduate who
heard "Come Join the Band" some
where in Japan.
Strains of "Hail Purdue" thrilled
an alumnus of Purdue University in
Yokohama, stated the Purdue Ex
ponent. Recently the Daily carried
a story of a Stanford graduate who
heard "Come Join the Band" some
where in Japan.
Strains of "Hail Purdue" thrilled
an alumnus of Purdue University in
Yokohama, stated the Purdue Ex
ponent. Recently the Daily carried
a story of a Stanford graduate who
heard "Come Join the Band" some
where in Japan.
Strains of "Hail Purdue" thrilled
an alumnus of Purdue University in
Yokohama, stated the Purdue Ex
ponent. Recently the Daily carried
a story of a Stanford graduate who
heard "Come Join the Band" some
where in Japan.
Strains of "Hail Purdue" thrilled
an alumnus of Purdue University in
Yokohama, stated the Purdue Ex
ponent. Recently the Daily carried
a story of a Stanford graduate who
heard "Come Join the Band" some
where in Japan.
Strains of "Hail Purdue" thrilled
an alumnus of Purdue University in
Yokohama, stated the Purdue Ex
ponent. Recently the Daily carried
a story of a Stanford graduate who
heard "Come Join the Band" some
where in Japan.
