# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Tomorrow we will have our first
opportunity to actually prove what
we have ho earnestly contended for
in the matter of the ability of
Stanford to successfully manage
one of the great intercollegiate
events of the year. There is need
for every student to remember dur
ing the day the objections which
were urged against holding the
field-day on our campus and see to
it that none of them prove to have
been warranted. We have been
contending for a principle of pure
college athletics in this matter of
campus contests and can by no
means afford to let that principle
he endangered through ill success
in practice. The first chance of
proving its practicability will be
given us tomorrow and it is to be
remembered throughout the day
that the reputation of the whole
University rests to a considerable
extent upon the result.
