# Adv. 26 Page 6
## 
### 
Ciy^lore
couples
comr to
(,arl\ Ic
Jcwclcns
lot I her
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - (or Jhe
same fine quality Diamonds
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20*
CONVENIENT TERMS
Cnr/iift'
J JEWELIRI
539 Iryont Stroot
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
Ciy^lore
couples
comr to
(,arl\ Ic
Jcwclcns
lot I her
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - (or Jhe
same fine quality Diamonds
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20*
CONVENIENT TERMS
Cnr/iift'
J JEWELIRI
539 Iryont Stroot
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
Ciy^lore
couples
comr to
(,arl\ Ic
Jcwclcns
lot I her
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - (or Jhe
same fine quality Diamonds
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20*
CONVENIENT TERMS
Cnr/iift'
J JEWELIRI
539 Iryont Stroot
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
Ciy^lore
couples
comr to
(,arl\ Ic
Jcwclcns
lot I her
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - (or Jhe
same fine quality Diamonds
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20*
CONVENIENT TERMS
Cnr/iift'
J JEWELIRI
539 Iryont Stroot
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
Ciy^lore
couples
comr to
(,arl\ Ic
Jcwclcns
lot I her
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - (or Jhe
same fine quality Diamonds
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20*
CONVENIENT TERMS
Cnr/iift'
J JEWELIRI
539 Iryont Stroot
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
Ciy^lore
couples
comr to
(,arl\ Ic
Jcwclcns
lot I her
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - (or Jhe
same fine quality Diamonds
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20*
CONVENIENT TERMS
Cnr/iift'
J JEWELIRI
539 Iryont Stroot
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
Ciy^lore
couples
comr to
(,arl\ Ic
Jcwclcns
lot I her
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - (or Jhe
same fine quality Diamonds
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20*
CONVENIENT TERMS
Cnr/iift'
J JEWELIRI
539 Iryont Stroot
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
Ciy^lore
couples
comr to
(,arl\ Ic
Jcwclcns
lot I her
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - (or Jhe
same fine quality Diamonds
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20*
CONVENIENT TERMS
Cnr/iift'
J JEWELIRI
539 Iryont Stroot
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
Ciy^lore
couples
comr to
(,arl\ Ic
Jcwclcns
lot I her
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - (or Jhe
same fine quality Diamonds
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20*
CONVENIENT TERMS
Cnr/iift'
J JEWELIRI
539 Iryont Stroot
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
Ciy^lore
couples
comr to
(,arl\ Ic
Jcwclcns
lot I her
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - (or Jhe
same fine quality Diamonds
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20*
CONVENIENT TERMS
Cnr/iift'
J JEWELIRI
539 Iryont Stroot
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
Ciy^lore
couples
comr to
(,arl\ Ic
Jcwclcns
lot I her
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - (or Jhe
same fine quality Diamonds
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20*
CONVENIENT TERMS
Cnr/iift'
J JEWELIRI
539 Iryont Stroot
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
Ciy^lore
couples
comr to
(,arl\ Ic
Jcwclcns
lot I her
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - (or Jhe
same fine quality Diamonds
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20*
CONVENIENT TERMS
Cnr/iift'
J JEWELIRI
539 Iryont Stroot
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
Ciy^lore
couples
comr to
(,arl\ Ic
Jcwclcns
lot I her
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - (or Jhe
same fine quality Diamonds
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20*
CONVENIENT TERMS
Cnr/iift'
J JEWELIRI
539 Iryont Stroot
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
Ciy^lore
couples
comr to
(,arl\ Ic
Jcwclcns
lot I her
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - (or Jhe
same fine quality Diamonds
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20*
CONVENIENT TERMS
Cnr/iift'
J JEWELIRI
539 Iryont Stroot
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
Ciy^lore
couples
comr to
(,arl\ Ic
Jcwclcns
lot I her
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - (or Jhe
same fine quality Diamonds
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20*
CONVENIENT TERMS
Cnr/iift'
J JEWELIRI
539 Iryont Stroot
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
