# Fed chair cautions Congress
## Greenspan warns of high inflation unless growth slows 
### 
WASHINGTON (AP) -
Federal Reserve Board Chairman
Alan Greenspan told Congress
yesterday that unless economic
growth slows, the nation "would
risk a serious intensification of
inflationary pressures at some not
too distant point."
Greenspan, testifying before the
House Banking Committee, said
it was "especially encouraging"
the economy managed to grow at
a strong pace last year without a
flare-up of inflation.
But, he warned that strains on
factory capacity and a tight labor
market, particularly in the North
east, likely would keep inflation
pressures high. So, the central
bank's monetary policy should
continue on the tight side, he said.
I"The
'"The long-run costs of a return
to higher inflation, and the risks
of this occurring under current
circumstances, are sufficiently
great that Federal Reserve policy
>t this juncture might well be
advised to err more on the side

of restrictiveness than of stim
ulus," he said.
Since March, the Fed has been
pushing up interest rates to
dampen inflation pressures and
slow economic growth to the 2.5
percent to 3 percent range that
Greenspan said is sustainable in
the long run without accelerating
inflation.
The stock market surged higher
yesterday, pushing the Dow Jones
industrial average for the first
time back to the levels it held just
before the October 1987 market
crash. The Dow average of 30 in
dustrial stocks finished up 38.04
points at 2,256.43.
Market watchers said Green
span's comments reassured inves
tors that the Fed will not let in
flation get out of hand. That could
mean although there will be fur
ther tightening of interest rates
in the short run, it could prevent
a sustained bout of higher rates
over the long term.

Greenspan said that non-farm
growth in 1988, as measured by
the gross national product, topped
3 percent, exceeding the range of
what is sustainable without infla
tion.
"If growth were to continue in
definitely at the recent pace, the
concomitant tightening of supply
conditions for labor and materials
would risk a serious intensifica
tion of inflationary pressures at
some not too distant point in the
future," he said.
The unemployment rate, at 5.3
percent in December, has hit a
14-year low, well within the range
of what most economists consider
to be the natural rate of unem
ployment, leaving little room for
further improvement without in
flation, Greenspan said.
However, he cautioned that
conventional measures of capacity
may be overstating the tightness,
in part because they don't take
into account the ability of U.S.
businesses to buy supplies abroad.
WASHINGTON (AP) -
Federal Reserve Board Chairman
Alan Greenspan told Congress
yesterday that unless economic
growth slows, the nation "would
risk a serious intensification of
inflationary pressures at some not
too distant point."
Greenspan, testifying before the
House Banking Committee, said
it was "especially encouraging"
the economy managed to grow at
a strong pace last year without a
flare-up of inflation.
But, he warned that strains on
factory capacity and a tight labor
market, particularly in the North
east, likely would keep inflation
pressures high. So, the central
bank's monetary policy should
continue on the tight side, he said.
I"The
'"The long-run costs of a return
to higher inflation, and the risks
of this occurring under current
circumstances, are sufficiently
great that Federal Reserve policy
>t this juncture might well be
advised to err more on the side

of restrictiveness than of stim
ulus," he said.
Since March, the Fed has been
pushing up interest rates to
dampen inflation pressures and
slow economic growth to the 2.5
percent to 3 percent range that
Greenspan said is sustainable in
the long run without accelerating
inflation.
The stock market surged higher
yesterday, pushing the Dow Jones
industrial average for the first
time back to the levels it held just
before the October 1987 market
crash. The Dow average of 30 in
dustrial stocks finished up 38.04
points at 2,256.43.
Market watchers said Green
span's comments reassured inves
tors that the Fed will not let in
flation get out of hand. That could
mean although there will be fur
ther tightening of interest rates
in the short run, it could prevent
a sustained bout of higher rates
over the long term.

Greenspan said that non-farm
growth in 1988, as measured by
the gross national product, topped
3 percent, exceeding the range of
what is sustainable without infla
tion.
"If growth were to continue in
definitely at the recent pace, the
concomitant tightening of supply
conditions for labor and materials
would risk a serious intensifica
tion of inflationary pressures at
some not too distant point in the
future," he said.
The unemployment rate, at 5.3
percent in December, has hit a
14-year low, well within the range
of what most economists consider
to be the natural rate of unem
ployment, leaving little room for
further improvement without in
flation, Greenspan said.
However, he cautioned that
conventional measures of capacity
may be overstating the tightness,
in part because they don't take
into account the ability of U.S.
businesses to buy supplies abroad.
WASHINGTON (AP) -
Federal Reserve Board Chairman
Alan Greenspan told Congress
yesterday that unless economic
growth slows, the nation "would
risk a serious intensification of
inflationary pressures at some not
too distant point."
Greenspan, testifying before the
House Banking Committee, said
it was "especially encouraging"
the economy managed to grow at
a strong pace last year without a
flare-up of inflation.
But, he warned that strains on
factory capacity and a tight labor
market, particularly in the North
east, likely would keep inflation
pressures high. So, the central
bank's monetary policy should
continue on the tight side, he said.
I"The
'"The long-run costs of a return
to higher inflation, and the risks
of this occurring under current
circumstances, are sufficiently
great that Federal Reserve policy
>t this juncture might well be
advised to err more on the side

of restrictiveness than of stim
ulus," he said.
Since March, the Fed has been
pushing up interest rates to
dampen inflation pressures and
slow economic growth to the 2.5
percent to 3 percent range that
Greenspan said is sustainable in
the long run without accelerating
inflation.
The stock market surged higher
yesterday, pushing the Dow Jones
industrial average for the first
time back to the levels it held just
before the October 1987 market
crash. The Dow average of 30 in
dustrial stocks finished up 38.04
points at 2,256.43.
Market watchers said Green
span's comments reassured inves
tors that the Fed will not let in
flation get out of hand. That could
mean although there will be fur
ther tightening of interest rates
in the short run, it could prevent
a sustained bout of higher rates
over the long term.

Greenspan said that non-farm
growth in 1988, as measured by
the gross national product, topped
3 percent, exceeding the range of
what is sustainable without infla
tion.
"If growth were to continue in
definitely at the recent pace, the
concomitant tightening of supply
conditions for labor and materials
would risk a serious intensifica
tion of inflationary pressures at
some not too distant point in the
future," he said.
The unemployment rate, at 5.3
percent in December, has hit a
14-year low, well within the range
of what most economists consider
to be the natural rate of unem
ployment, leaving little room for
further improvement without in
flation, Greenspan said.
However, he cautioned that
conventional measures of capacity
may be overstating the tightness,
in part because they don't take
into account the ability of U.S.
businesses to buy supplies abroad.
WASHINGTON (AP) -
Federal Reserve Board Chairman
Alan Greenspan told Congress
yesterday that unless economic
growth slows, the nation "would
risk a serious intensification of
inflationary pressures at some not
too distant point."
Greenspan, testifying before the
House Banking Committee, said
it was "especially encouraging"
the economy managed to grow at
a strong pace last year without a
flare-up of inflation.
But, he warned that strains on
factory capacity and a tight labor
market, particularly in the North
east, likely would keep inflation
pressures high. So, the central
bank's monetary policy should
continue on the tight side, he said.
I"The
'"The long-run costs of a return
to higher inflation, and the risks
of this occurring under current
circumstances, are sufficiently
great that Federal Reserve policy
>t this juncture might well be
advised to err more on the side

of restrictiveness than of stim
ulus," he said.
Since March, the Fed has been
pushing up interest rates to
dampen inflation pressures and
slow economic growth to the 2.5
percent to 3 percent range that
Greenspan said is sustainable in
the long run without accelerating
inflation.
The stock market surged higher
yesterday, pushing the Dow Jones
industrial average for the first
time back to the levels it held just
before the October 1987 market
crash. The Dow average of 30 in
dustrial stocks finished up 38.04
points at 2,256.43.
Market watchers said Green
span's comments reassured inves
tors that the Fed will not let in
flation get out of hand. That could
mean although there will be fur
ther tightening of interest rates
in the short run, it could prevent
a sustained bout of higher rates
over the long term.

Greenspan said that non-farm
growth in 1988, as measured by
the gross national product, topped
3 percent, exceeding the range of
what is sustainable without infla
tion.
"If growth were to continue in
definitely at the recent pace, the
concomitant tightening of supply
conditions for labor and materials
would risk a serious intensifica
tion of inflationary pressures at
some not too distant point in the
future," he said.
The unemployment rate, at 5.3
percent in December, has hit a
14-year low, well within the range
of what most economists consider
to be the natural rate of unem
ployment, leaving little room for
further improvement without in
flation, Greenspan said.
However, he cautioned that
conventional measures of capacity
may be overstating the tightness,
in part because they don't take
into account the ability of U.S.
businesses to buy supplies abroad.
WASHINGTON (AP) -
Federal Reserve Board Chairman
Alan Greenspan told Congress
yesterday that unless economic
growth slows, the nation "would
risk a serious intensification of
inflationary pressures at some not
too distant point."
Greenspan, testifying before the
House Banking Committee, said
it was "especially encouraging"
the economy managed to grow at
a strong pace last year without a
flare-up of inflation.
But, he warned that strains on
factory capacity and a tight labor
market, particularly in the North
east, likely would keep inflation
pressures high. So, the central
bank's monetary policy should
continue on the tight side, he said.
I"The
'"The long-run costs of a return
to higher inflation, and the risks
of this occurring under current
circumstances, are sufficiently
great that Federal Reserve policy
>t this juncture might well be
advised to err more on the side

of restrictiveness than of stim
ulus," he said.
Since March, the Fed has been
pushing up interest rates to
dampen inflation pressures and
slow economic growth to the 2.5
percent to 3 percent range that
Greenspan said is sustainable in
the long run without accelerating
inflation.
The stock market surged higher
yesterday, pushing the Dow Jones
industrial average for the first
time back to the levels it held just
before the October 1987 market
crash. The Dow average of 30 in
dustrial stocks finished up 38.04
points at 2,256.43.
Market watchers said Green
span's comments reassured inves
tors that the Fed will not let in
flation get out of hand. That could
mean although there will be fur
ther tightening of interest rates
in the short run, it could prevent
a sustained bout of higher rates
over the long term.

Greenspan said that non-farm
growth in 1988, as measured by
the gross national product, topped
3 percent, exceeding the range of
what is sustainable without infla
tion.
"If growth were to continue in
definitely at the recent pace, the
concomitant tightening of supply
conditions for labor and materials
would risk a serious intensifica
tion of inflationary pressures at
some not too distant point in the
future," he said.
The unemployment rate, at 5.3
percent in December, has hit a
14-year low, well within the range
of what most economists consider
to be the natural rate of unem
ployment, leaving little room for
further improvement without in
flation, Greenspan said.
However, he cautioned that
conventional measures of capacity
may be overstating the tightness,
in part because they don't take
into account the ability of U.S.
businesses to buy supplies abroad.
WASHINGTON (AP) -
Federal Reserve Board Chairman
Alan Greenspan told Congress
yesterday that unless economic
growth slows, the nation "would
risk a serious intensification of
inflationary pressures at some not
too distant point."
Greenspan, testifying before the
House Banking Committee, said
it was "especially encouraging"
the economy managed to grow at
a strong pace last year without a
flare-up of inflation.
But, he warned that strains on
factory capacity and a tight labor
market, particularly in the North
east, likely would keep inflation
pressures high. So, the central
bank's monetary policy should
continue on the tight side, he said.
I"The
'"The long-run costs of a return
to higher inflation, and the risks
of this occurring under current
circumstances, are sufficiently
great that Federal Reserve policy
>t this juncture might well be
advised to err more on the side

of restrictiveness than of stim
ulus," he said.
Since March, the Fed has been
pushing up interest rates to
dampen inflation pressures and
slow economic growth to the 2.5
percent to 3 percent range that
Greenspan said is sustainable in
the long run without accelerating
inflation.
The stock market surged higher
yesterday, pushing the Dow Jones
industrial average for the first
time back to the levels it held just
before the October 1987 market
crash. The Dow average of 30 in
dustrial stocks finished up 38.04
points at 2,256.43.
Market watchers said Green
span's comments reassured inves
tors that the Fed will not let in
flation get out of hand. That could
mean although there will be fur
ther tightening of interest rates
in the short run, it could prevent
a sustained bout of higher rates
over the long term.

Greenspan said that non-farm
growth in 1988, as measured by
the gross national product, topped
3 percent, exceeding the range of
what is sustainable without infla
tion.
"If growth were to continue in
definitely at the recent pace, the
concomitant tightening of supply
conditions for labor and materials
would risk a serious intensifica
tion of inflationary pressures at
some not too distant point in the
future," he said.
The unemployment rate, at 5.3
percent in December, has hit a
14-year low, well within the range
of what most economists consider
to be the natural rate of unem
ployment, leaving little room for
further improvement without in
flation, Greenspan said.
However, he cautioned that
conventional measures of capacity
may be overstating the tightness,
in part because they don't take
into account the ability of U.S.
businesses to buy supplies abroad.
WASHINGTON (AP) -
Federal Reserve Board Chairman
Alan Greenspan told Congress
yesterday that unless economic
growth slows, the nation "would
risk a serious intensification of
inflationary pressures at some not
too distant point."
Greenspan, testifying before the
House Banking Committee, said
it was "especially encouraging"
the economy managed to grow at
a strong pace last year without a
flare-up of inflation.
But, he warned that strains on
factory capacity and a tight labor
market, particularly in the North
east, likely would keep inflation
pressures high. So, the central
bank's monetary policy should
continue on the tight side, he said.
I"The
'"The long-run costs of a return
to higher inflation, and the risks
of this occurring under current
circumstances, are sufficiently
great that Federal Reserve policy
>t this juncture might well be
advised to err more on the side

of restrictiveness than of stim
ulus," he said.
Since March, the Fed has been
pushing up interest rates to
dampen inflation pressures and
slow economic growth to the 2.5
percent to 3 percent range that
Greenspan said is sustainable in
the long run without accelerating
inflation.
The stock market surged higher
yesterday, pushing the Dow Jones
industrial average for the first
time back to the levels it held just
before the October 1987 market
crash. The Dow average of 30 in
dustrial stocks finished up 38.04
points at 2,256.43.
Market watchers said Green
span's comments reassured inves
tors that the Fed will not let in
flation get out of hand. That could
mean although there will be fur
ther tightening of interest rates
in the short run, it could prevent
a sustained bout of higher rates
over the long term.

Greenspan said that non-farm
growth in 1988, as measured by
the gross national product, topped
3 percent, exceeding the range of
what is sustainable without infla
tion.
"If growth were to continue in
definitely at the recent pace, the
concomitant tightening of supply
conditions for labor and materials
would risk a serious intensifica
tion of inflationary pressures at
some not too distant point in the
future," he said.
The unemployment rate, at 5.3
percent in December, has hit a
14-year low, well within the range
of what most economists consider
to be the natural rate of unem
ployment, leaving little room for
further improvement without in
flation, Greenspan said.
However, he cautioned that
conventional measures of capacity
may be overstating the tightness,
in part because they don't take
into account the ability of U.S.
businesses to buy supplies abroad.
WASHINGTON (AP) -
Federal Reserve Board Chairman
Alan Greenspan told Congress
yesterday that unless economic
growth slows, the nation "would
risk a serious intensification of
inflationary pressures at some not
too distant point."
Greenspan, testifying before the
House Banking Committee, said
it was "especially encouraging"
the economy managed to grow at
a strong pace last year without a
flare-up of inflation.
But, he warned that strains on
factory capacity and a tight labor
market, particularly in the North
east, likely would keep inflation
pressures high. So, the central
bank's monetary policy should
continue on the tight side, he said.
I"The
'"The long-run costs of a return
to higher inflation, and the risks
of this occurring under current
circumstances, are sufficiently
great that Federal Reserve policy
>t this juncture might well be
advised to err more on the side

of restrictiveness than of stim
ulus," he said.
Since March, the Fed has been
pushing up interest rates to
dampen inflation pressures and
slow economic growth to the 2.5
percent to 3 percent range that
Greenspan said is sustainable in
the long run without accelerating
inflation.
The stock market surged higher
yesterday, pushing the Dow Jones
industrial average for the first
time back to the levels it held just
before the October 1987 market
crash. The Dow average of 30 in
dustrial stocks finished up 38.04
points at 2,256.43.
Market watchers said Green
span's comments reassured inves
tors that the Fed will not let in
flation get out of hand. That could
mean although there will be fur
ther tightening of interest rates
in the short run, it could prevent
a sustained bout of higher rates
over the long term.

Greenspan said that non-farm
growth in 1988, as measured by
the gross national product, topped
3 percent, exceeding the range of
what is sustainable without infla
tion.
"If growth were to continue in
definitely at the recent pace, the
concomitant tightening of supply
conditions for labor and materials
would risk a serious intensifica
tion of inflationary pressures at
some not too distant point in the
future," he said.
The unemployment rate, at 5.3
percent in December, has hit a
14-year low, well within the range
of what most economists consider
to be the natural rate of unem
ployment, leaving little room for
further improvement without in
flation, Greenspan said.
However, he cautioned that
conventional measures of capacity
may be overstating the tightness,
in part because they don't take
into account the ability of U.S.
businesses to buy supplies abroad.
