# Briefly
## 
### 
Town meeting
Stanford students and faculty will
hold a Town Meeting on registration
and the draft at 7 tonight in the Law
School's Kresge Auditorium.
Participants include History Prof.
Alexander Dallin; Political Science
Prof. Hubert Marshall; University Re
gistrar Sally Mahoney; Coit Blacker,
asst. director of the Stanford Arms
Control and Disarmament Program;
Peter Schwartz, Stanford Research In
stitute; and Roger Pilon, national fel
low at the Hoover Institute.

Tay Sachs screening
Screenings forTay-Sachs disease, an
incurable, fatal genetic syndrome espe
cially prevalent among the American
Jewish population, will be held today
from 9:30 to 1 1 a.m. in the lobby of the
Fairchild Auditorium at the Medical
Center; and noon to 4 p.m. at the
Meyer Forum Room.
Screenings will also be administered
tomorrow from noon to 4 p.m., again in
the Meyer Forum Room; and from 6 to
7:30 p.m. in the Housing Office of Es
condido Village. The testing is free.
