# Farm Actor Gets Contract
## 
### 
Lawrence Tolan, who appeared in
the Stanford • Players' production of
the tryout of "A Storm, A Tiger,"
directed by A. Nicholas Vardac, was
recently signed to a long-term con
tract, at Warner Brothers Studio.
Soliy Baiano, head of Warners'
casting office, who had heard about
Tolan from director Vardac, cov
ered the opening, watched the 24-
year-old actor turn in an outstand
ing performance, and arranged im
mediate screen tests in Hollywood.
On the strength of the tests, Jack
Warner, head of the studio, de
clared that Tolan is truly one of
the most "fabulous" discoveries in
recent years and has cast him with
Humphrey Bogart in "The En
forcers," giving Tolan the second
lead.
Lawrence Tolan, who appeared in
the Stanford • Players' production of
the tryout of "A Storm, A Tiger,"
directed by A. Nicholas Vardac, was
recently signed to a long-term con
tract, at Warner Brothers Studio.
Soliy Baiano, head of Warners'
casting office, who had heard about
Tolan from director Vardac, cov
ered the opening, watched the 24-
year-old actor turn in an outstand
ing performance, and arranged im
mediate screen tests in Hollywood.
On the strength of the tests, Jack
Warner, head of the studio, de
clared that Tolan is truly one of
the most "fabulous" discoveries in
recent years and has cast him with
Humphrey Bogart in "The En
forcers," giving Tolan the second
lead.
Lawrence Tolan, who appeared in
the Stanford • Players' production of
the tryout of "A Storm, A Tiger,"
directed by A. Nicholas Vardac, was
recently signed to a long-term con
tract, at Warner Brothers Studio.
Soliy Baiano, head of Warners'
casting office, who had heard about
Tolan from director Vardac, cov
ered the opening, watched the 24-
year-old actor turn in an outstand
ing performance, and arranged im
mediate screen tests in Hollywood.
On the strength of the tests, Jack
Warner, head of the studio, de
clared that Tolan is truly one of
the most "fabulous" discoveries in
recent years and has cast him with
Humphrey Bogart in "The En
forcers," giving Tolan the second
lead.
Lawrence Tolan, who appeared in
the Stanford • Players' production of
the tryout of "A Storm, A Tiger,"
directed by A. Nicholas Vardac, was
recently signed to a long-term con
tract, at Warner Brothers Studio.
Soliy Baiano, head of Warners'
casting office, who had heard about
Tolan from director Vardac, cov
ered the opening, watched the 24-
year-old actor turn in an outstand
ing performance, and arranged im
mediate screen tests in Hollywood.
On the strength of the tests, Jack
Warner, head of the studio, de
clared that Tolan is truly one of
the most "fabulous" discoveries in
recent years and has cast him with
Humphrey Bogart in "The En
forcers," giving Tolan the second
lead.
Lawrence Tolan, who appeared in
the Stanford • Players' production of
the tryout of "A Storm, A Tiger,"
directed by A. Nicholas Vardac, was
recently signed to a long-term con
tract, at Warner Brothers Studio.
Soliy Baiano, head of Warners'
casting office, who had heard about
Tolan from director Vardac, cov
ered the opening, watched the 24-
year-old actor turn in an outstand
ing performance, and arranged im
mediate screen tests in Hollywood.
On the strength of the tests, Jack
Warner, head of the studio, de
clared that Tolan is truly one of
the most "fabulous" discoveries in
recent years and has cast him with
Humphrey Bogart in "The En
forcers," giving Tolan the second
lead.
Lawrence Tolan, who appeared in
the Stanford • Players' production of
the tryout of "A Storm, A Tiger,"
directed by A. Nicholas Vardac, was
recently signed to a long-term con
tract, at Warner Brothers Studio.
Soliy Baiano, head of Warners'
casting office, who had heard about
Tolan from director Vardac, cov
ered the opening, watched the 24-
year-old actor turn in an outstand
ing performance, and arranged im
mediate screen tests in Hollywood.
On the strength of the tests, Jack
Warner, head of the studio, de
clared that Tolan is truly one of
the most "fabulous" discoveries in
recent years and has cast him with
Humphrey Bogart in "The En
forcers," giving Tolan the second
lead.
Lawrence Tolan, who appeared in
the Stanford • Players' production of
the tryout of "A Storm, A Tiger,"
directed by A. Nicholas Vardac, was
recently signed to a long-term con
tract, at Warner Brothers Studio.
Soliy Baiano, head of Warners'
casting office, who had heard about
Tolan from director Vardac, cov
ered the opening, watched the 24-
year-old actor turn in an outstand
ing performance, and arranged im
mediate screen tests in Hollywood.
On the strength of the tests, Jack
Warner, head of the studio, de
clared that Tolan is truly one of
the most "fabulous" discoveries in
recent years and has cast him with
Humphrey Bogart in "The En
forcers," giving Tolan the second
lead.
Lawrence Tolan, who appeared in
the Stanford • Players' production of
the tryout of "A Storm, A Tiger,"
directed by A. Nicholas Vardac, was
recently signed to a long-term con
tract, at Warner Brothers Studio.
Soliy Baiano, head of Warners'
casting office, who had heard about
Tolan from director Vardac, cov
ered the opening, watched the 24-
year-old actor turn in an outstand
ing performance, and arranged im
mediate screen tests in Hollywood.
On the strength of the tests, Jack
Warner, head of the studio, de
clared that Tolan is truly one of
the most "fabulous" discoveries in
recent years and has cast him with
Humphrey Bogart in "The En
forcers," giving Tolan the second
lead.
Lawrence Tolan, who appeared in
the Stanford • Players' production of
the tryout of "A Storm, A Tiger,"
directed by A. Nicholas Vardac, was
recently signed to a long-term con
tract, at Warner Brothers Studio.
Soliy Baiano, head of Warners'
casting office, who had heard about
Tolan from director Vardac, cov
ered the opening, watched the 24-
year-old actor turn in an outstand
ing performance, and arranged im
mediate screen tests in Hollywood.
On the strength of the tests, Jack
Warner, head of the studio, de
clared that Tolan is truly one of
the most "fabulous" discoveries in
recent years and has cast him with
Humphrey Bogart in "The En
forcers," giving Tolan the second
lead.
Lawrence Tolan, who appeared in
the Stanford • Players' production of
the tryout of "A Storm, A Tiger,"
directed by A. Nicholas Vardac, was
recently signed to a long-term con
tract, at Warner Brothers Studio.
Soliy Baiano, head of Warners'
casting office, who had heard about
Tolan from director Vardac, cov
ered the opening, watched the 24-
year-old actor turn in an outstand
ing performance, and arranged im
mediate screen tests in Hollywood.
On the strength of the tests, Jack
Warner, head of the studio, de
clared that Tolan is truly one of
the most "fabulous" discoveries in
recent years and has cast him with
Humphrey Bogart in "The En
forcers," giving Tolan the second
lead.
Lawrence Tolan, who appeared in
the Stanford • Players' production of
the tryout of "A Storm, A Tiger,"
directed by A. Nicholas Vardac, was
recently signed to a long-term con
tract, at Warner Brothers Studio.
Soliy Baiano, head of Warners'
casting office, who had heard about
Tolan from director Vardac, cov
ered the opening, watched the 24-
year-old actor turn in an outstand
ing performance, and arranged im
mediate screen tests in Hollywood.
On the strength of the tests, Jack
Warner, head of the studio, de
clared that Tolan is truly one of
the most "fabulous" discoveries in
recent years and has cast him with
Humphrey Bogart in "The En
forcers," giving Tolan the second
lead.
Lawrence Tolan, who appeared in
the Stanford • Players' production of
the tryout of "A Storm, A Tiger,"
directed by A. Nicholas Vardac, was
recently signed to a long-term con
tract, at Warner Brothers Studio.
Soliy Baiano, head of Warners'
casting office, who had heard about
Tolan from director Vardac, cov
ered the opening, watched the 24-
year-old actor turn in an outstand
ing performance, and arranged im
mediate screen tests in Hollywood.
On the strength of the tests, Jack
Warner, head of the studio, de
clared that Tolan is truly one of
the most "fabulous" discoveries in
recent years and has cast him with
Humphrey Bogart in "The En
forcers," giving Tolan the second
lead.
Lawrence Tolan, who appeared in
the Stanford • Players' production of
the tryout of "A Storm, A Tiger,"
directed by A. Nicholas Vardac, was
recently signed to a long-term con
tract, at Warner Brothers Studio.
Soliy Baiano, head of Warners'
casting office, who had heard about
Tolan from director Vardac, cov
ered the opening, watched the 24-
year-old actor turn in an outstand
ing performance, and arranged im
mediate screen tests in Hollywood.
On the strength of the tests, Jack
Warner, head of the studio, de
clared that Tolan is truly one of
the most "fabulous" discoveries in
recent years and has cast him with
Humphrey Bogart in "The En
forcers," giving Tolan the second
lead.
Lawrence Tolan, who appeared in
the Stanford • Players' production of
the tryout of "A Storm, A Tiger,"
directed by A. Nicholas Vardac, was
recently signed to a long-term con
tract, at Warner Brothers Studio.
Soliy Baiano, head of Warners'
casting office, who had heard about
Tolan from director Vardac, cov
ered the opening, watched the 24-
year-old actor turn in an outstand
ing performance, and arranged im
mediate screen tests in Hollywood.
On the strength of the tests, Jack
Warner, head of the studio, de
clared that Tolan is truly one of
the most "fabulous" discoveries in
recent years and has cast him with
Humphrey Bogart in "The En
forcers," giving Tolan the second
lead.
