# Student Activities
## CREW MEETING 
### 
There will be a meeting of all old
returning crewmen today at 7 p.m.
in the Nitery.
There will be a meeting of all old
returning crewmen today at 7 p.m.
in the Nitery.
There will be a meeting of all old
returning crewmen today at 7 p.m.
in the Nitery.
There will be a meeting of all old
returning crewmen today at 7 p.m.
in the Nitery.
There will be a meeting of all old
returning crewmen today at 7 p.m.
in the Nitery.
There will be a meeting of all old
returning crewmen today at 7 p.m.
in the Nitery.
There will be a meeting of all old
returning crewmen today at 7 p.m.
in the Nitery.
There will be a meeting of all old
returning crewmen today at 7 p.m.
in the Nitery.
There will be a meeting of all old
returning crewmen today at 7 p.m.
in the Nitery.
There will be a meeting of all old
returning crewmen today at 7 p.m.
in the Nitery.
There will be a meeting of all old
returning crewmen today at 7 p.m.
in the Nitery.
There will be a meeting of all old
returning crewmen today at 7 p.m.
in the Nitery.
There will be a meeting of all old
returning crewmen today at 7 p.m.
in the Nitery.
There will be a meeting of all old
returning crewmen today at 7 p.m.
in the Nitery.
