# Business Staff Meeting Changed
## 
### 
Tryouts for positions on the busi
ness . staff of The Stanford Daily
will be held at 5 p.m. Monday in
stead of tonight as it was announced
in yesterday's Daily. This will be a
general meeting in the business of
fice of the Daily Shack for pros
pective advertising and circulation
workers, announced Bill Churchill,
business manager.
Positions now available include
selling, typing, filing, promotion,
drawing, circulation, and some
managerial posts. No experience is
necessary, according to Churchill.
Tryouts for positions on the busi
ness . staff of The Stanford Daily
will be held at 5 p.m. Monday in
stead of tonight as it was announced
in yesterday's Daily. This will be a
general meeting in the business of
fice of the Daily Shack for pros
pective advertising and circulation
workers, announced Bill Churchill,
business manager.
Positions now available include
selling, typing, filing, promotion,
drawing, circulation, and some
managerial posts. No experience is
necessary, according to Churchill.
Tryouts for positions on the busi
ness . staff of The Stanford Daily
will be held at 5 p.m. Monday in
stead of tonight as it was announced
in yesterday's Daily. This will be a
general meeting in the business of
fice of the Daily Shack for pros
pective advertising and circulation
workers, announced Bill Churchill,
business manager.
Positions now available include
selling, typing, filing, promotion,
drawing, circulation, and some
managerial posts. No experience is
necessary, according to Churchill.
Tryouts for positions on the busi
ness . staff of The Stanford Daily
will be held at 5 p.m. Monday in
stead of tonight as it was announced
in yesterday's Daily. This will be a
general meeting in the business of
fice of the Daily Shack for pros
pective advertising and circulation
workers, announced Bill Churchill,
business manager.
Positions now available include
selling, typing, filing, promotion,
drawing, circulation, and some
managerial posts. No experience is
necessary, according to Churchill.
Tryouts for positions on the busi
ness . staff of The Stanford Daily
will be held at 5 p.m. Monday in
stead of tonight as it was announced
in yesterday's Daily. This will be a
general meeting in the business of
fice of the Daily Shack for pros
pective advertising and circulation
workers, announced Bill Churchill,
business manager.
Positions now available include
selling, typing, filing, promotion,
drawing, circulation, and some
managerial posts. No experience is
necessary, according to Churchill.
Tryouts for positions on the busi
ness . staff of The Stanford Daily
will be held at 5 p.m. Monday in
stead of tonight as it was announced
in yesterday's Daily. This will be a
general meeting in the business of
fice of the Daily Shack for pros
pective advertising and circulation
workers, announced Bill Churchill,
business manager.
Positions now available include
selling, typing, filing, promotion,
drawing, circulation, and some
managerial posts. No experience is
necessary, according to Churchill.
Tryouts for positions on the busi
ness . staff of The Stanford Daily
will be held at 5 p.m. Monday in
stead of tonight as it was announced
in yesterday's Daily. This will be a
general meeting in the business of
fice of the Daily Shack for pros
pective advertising and circulation
workers, announced Bill Churchill,
business manager.
Positions now available include
selling, typing, filing, promotion,
drawing, circulation, and some
managerial posts. No experience is
necessary, according to Churchill.
Tryouts for positions on the busi
ness . staff of The Stanford Daily
will be held at 5 p.m. Monday in
stead of tonight as it was announced
in yesterday's Daily. This will be a
general meeting in the business of
fice of the Daily Shack for pros
pective advertising and circulation
workers, announced Bill Churchill,
business manager.
Positions now available include
selling, typing, filing, promotion,
drawing, circulation, and some
managerial posts. No experience is
necessary, according to Churchill.
Tryouts for positions on the busi
ness . staff of The Stanford Daily
will be held at 5 p.m. Monday in
stead of tonight as it was announced
in yesterday's Daily. This will be a
general meeting in the business of
fice of the Daily Shack for pros
pective advertising and circulation
workers, announced Bill Churchill,
business manager.
Positions now available include
selling, typing, filing, promotion,
drawing, circulation, and some
managerial posts. No experience is
necessary, according to Churchill.
Tryouts for positions on the busi
ness . staff of The Stanford Daily
will be held at 5 p.m. Monday in
stead of tonight as it was announced
in yesterday's Daily. This will be a
general meeting in the business of
fice of the Daily Shack for pros
pective advertising and circulation
workers, announced Bill Churchill,
business manager.
Positions now available include
selling, typing, filing, promotion,
drawing, circulation, and some
managerial posts. No experience is
necessary, according to Churchill.
Tryouts for positions on the busi
ness . staff of The Stanford Daily
will be held at 5 p.m. Monday in
stead of tonight as it was announced
in yesterday's Daily. This will be a
general meeting in the business of
fice of the Daily Shack for pros
pective advertising and circulation
workers, announced Bill Churchill,
business manager.
Positions now available include
selling, typing, filing, promotion,
drawing, circulation, and some
managerial posts. No experience is
necessary, according to Churchill.
Tryouts for positions on the busi
ness . staff of The Stanford Daily
will be held at 5 p.m. Monday in
stead of tonight as it was announced
in yesterday's Daily. This will be a
general meeting in the business of
fice of the Daily Shack for pros
pective advertising and circulation
workers, announced Bill Churchill,
business manager.
Positions now available include
selling, typing, filing, promotion,
drawing, circulation, and some
managerial posts. No experience is
necessary, according to Churchill.
Tryouts for positions on the busi
ness . staff of The Stanford Daily
will be held at 5 p.m. Monday in
stead of tonight as it was announced
in yesterday's Daily. This will be a
general meeting in the business of
fice of the Daily Shack for pros
pective advertising and circulation
workers, announced Bill Churchill,
business manager.
Positions now available include
selling, typing, filing, promotion,
drawing, circulation, and some
managerial posts. No experience is
necessary, according to Churchill.
Tryouts for positions on the busi
ness . staff of The Stanford Daily
will be held at 5 p.m. Monday in
stead of tonight as it was announced
in yesterday's Daily. This will be a
general meeting in the business of
fice of the Daily Shack for pros
pective advertising and circulation
workers, announced Bill Churchill,
business manager.
Positions now available include
selling, typing, filing, promotion,
drawing, circulation, and some
managerial posts. No experience is
necessary, according to Churchill.
