# NEWMAN CLUB
## 
### 
The Newman Club will not meet
tonight. The first meeting will be
at 7:30 p.m. October 5 at 1247 Cow
per, corner of Melville and Cow
per. Transportation will be made
available for students on the cam
pus.
The Newman Club will not meet
tonight. The first meeting will be
at 7:30 p.m. October 5 at 1247 Cow
per, corner of Melville and Cow
per. Transportation will be made
available for students on the cam
pus.
The Newman Club will not meet
tonight. The first meeting will be
at 7:30 p.m. October 5 at 1247 Cow
per, corner of Melville and Cow
per. Transportation will be made
available for students on the cam
pus.
The Newman Club will not meet
tonight. The first meeting will be
at 7:30 p.m. October 5 at 1247 Cow
per, corner of Melville and Cow
per. Transportation will be made
available for students on the cam
pus.
The Newman Club will not meet
tonight. The first meeting will be
at 7:30 p.m. October 5 at 1247 Cow
per, corner of Melville and Cow
per. Transportation will be made
available for students on the cam
pus.
The Newman Club will not meet
tonight. The first meeting will be
at 7:30 p.m. October 5 at 1247 Cow
per, corner of Melville and Cow
per. Transportation will be made
available for students on the cam
pus.
The Newman Club will not meet
tonight. The first meeting will be
at 7:30 p.m. October 5 at 1247 Cow
per, corner of Melville and Cow
per. Transportation will be made
available for students on the cam
pus.
The Newman Club will not meet
tonight. The first meeting will be
at 7:30 p.m. October 5 at 1247 Cow
per, corner of Melville and Cow
per. Transportation will be made
available for students on the cam
pus.
The Newman Club will not meet
tonight. The first meeting will be
at 7:30 p.m. October 5 at 1247 Cow
per, corner of Melville and Cow
per. Transportation will be made
available for students on the cam
pus.
The Newman Club will not meet
tonight. The first meeting will be
at 7:30 p.m. October 5 at 1247 Cow
per, corner of Melville and Cow
per. Transportation will be made
available for students on the cam
pus.
The Newman Club will not meet
tonight. The first meeting will be
at 7:30 p.m. October 5 at 1247 Cow
per, corner of Melville and Cow
per. Transportation will be made
available for students on the cam
pus.
The Newman Club will not meet
tonight. The first meeting will be
at 7:30 p.m. October 5 at 1247 Cow
per, corner of Melville and Cow
per. Transportation will be made
available for students on the cam
pus.
The Newman Club will not meet
tonight. The first meeting will be
at 7:30 p.m. October 5 at 1247 Cow
per, corner of Melville and Cow
per. Transportation will be made
available for students on the cam
pus.
The Newman Club will not meet
tonight. The first meeting will be
at 7:30 p.m. October 5 at 1247 Cow
per, corner of Melville and Cow
per. Transportation will be made
available for students on the cam
pus.
