# Religious Notices
## CHRISTIAN SCIENCE 
### 
Christian Science Organization
will not meet tonight. Announce
ment will be made in The Daily
when regular meetings anc re
sumed.
Christian Science Organization
will not meet tonight. Announce
ment will be made in The Daily
when regular meetings anc re
sumed.
Christian Science Organization
will not meet tonight. Announce
ment will be made in The Daily
when regular meetings anc re
sumed.
Christian Science Organization
will not meet tonight. Announce
ment will be made in The Daily
when regular meetings anc re
sumed.
Christian Science Organization
will not meet tonight. Announce
ment will be made in The Daily
when regular meetings anc re
sumed.
Christian Science Organization
will not meet tonight. Announce
ment will be made in The Daily
when regular meetings anc re
sumed.
Christian Science Organization
will not meet tonight. Announce
ment will be made in The Daily
when regular meetings anc re
sumed.
Christian Science Organization
will not meet tonight. Announce
ment will be made in The Daily
when regular meetings anc re
sumed.
Christian Science Organization
will not meet tonight. Announce
ment will be made in The Daily
when regular meetings anc re
sumed.
Christian Science Organization
will not meet tonight. Announce
ment will be made in The Daily
when regular meetings anc re
sumed.
Christian Science Organization
will not meet tonight. Announce
ment will be made in The Daily
when regular meetings anc re
sumed.
Christian Science Organization
will not meet tonight. Announce
ment will be made in The Daily
when regular meetings anc re
sumed.
Christian Science Organization
will not meet tonight. Announce
ment will be made in The Daily
when regular meetings anc re
sumed.
Christian Science Organization
will not meet tonight. Announce
ment will be made in The Daily
when regular meetings anc re
sumed.
