# RALLY COM
## 
### 
Rally Committee tryouts will be
held for the last times today and
tomorrow from 2 to 5 p.m. in the
Rally Com office, Room 2, Old Un
ion. All freshman men and women
interested in planning card stunts
and rallies are invited to try out.
Rally Committee tryouts will be
held for the last times today and
tomorrow from 2 to 5 p.m. in the
Rally Com office, Room 2, Old Un
ion. All freshman men and women
interested in planning card stunts
and rallies are invited to try out.
Rally Committee tryouts will be
held for the last times today and
tomorrow from 2 to 5 p.m. in the
Rally Com office, Room 2, Old Un
ion. All freshman men and women
interested in planning card stunts
and rallies are invited to try out.
Rally Committee tryouts will be
held for the last times today and
tomorrow from 2 to 5 p.m. in the
Rally Com office, Room 2, Old Un
ion. All freshman men and women
interested in planning card stunts
and rallies are invited to try out.
Rally Committee tryouts will be
held for the last times today and
tomorrow from 2 to 5 p.m. in the
Rally Com office, Room 2, Old Un
ion. All freshman men and women
interested in planning card stunts
and rallies are invited to try out.
Rally Committee tryouts will be
held for the last times today and
tomorrow from 2 to 5 p.m. in the
Rally Com office, Room 2, Old Un
ion. All freshman men and women
interested in planning card stunts
and rallies are invited to try out.
Rally Committee tryouts will be
held for the last times today and
tomorrow from 2 to 5 p.m. in the
Rally Com office, Room 2, Old Un
ion. All freshman men and women
interested in planning card stunts
and rallies are invited to try out.
Rally Committee tryouts will be
held for the last times today and
tomorrow from 2 to 5 p.m. in the
Rally Com office, Room 2, Old Un
ion. All freshman men and women
interested in planning card stunts
and rallies are invited to try out.
Rally Committee tryouts will be
held for the last times today and
tomorrow from 2 to 5 p.m. in the
Rally Com office, Room 2, Old Un
ion. All freshman men and women
interested in planning card stunts
and rallies are invited to try out.
Rally Committee tryouts will be
held for the last times today and
tomorrow from 2 to 5 p.m. in the
Rally Com office, Room 2, Old Un
ion. All freshman men and women
interested in planning card stunts
and rallies are invited to try out.
Rally Committee tryouts will be
held for the last times today and
tomorrow from 2 to 5 p.m. in the
Rally Com office, Room 2, Old Un
ion. All freshman men and women
interested in planning card stunts
and rallies are invited to try out.
Rally Committee tryouts will be
held for the last times today and
tomorrow from 2 to 5 p.m. in the
Rally Com office, Room 2, Old Un
ion. All freshman men and women
interested in planning card stunts
and rallies are invited to try out.
Rally Committee tryouts will be
held for the last times today and
tomorrow from 2 to 5 p.m. in the
Rally Com office, Room 2, Old Un
ion. All freshman men and women
interested in planning card stunts
and rallies are invited to try out.
Rally Committee tryouts will be
held for the last times today and
tomorrow from 2 to 5 p.m. in the
Rally Com office, Room 2, Old Un
ion. All freshman men and women
interested in planning card stunts
and rallies are invited to try out.
