# WEEK-END CASUALTIES
## 
### 
PARIS, April 2:5. (/P) —France j
experienced possibly the worst !
week-end automobile casualty list
over Easter in the history of motor
vehicles. Thirty-, s!x persons wer,e
killed and 172 injured in wide
spread accidents.
PARIS, April 2:5. (/P) —France j
experienced possibly the worst !
week-end automobile casualty list
over Easter in the history of motor
vehicles. Thirty-, s!x persons wer,e
killed and 172 injured in wide
spread accidents.
PARIS, April 2:5. (/P) —France j
experienced possibly the worst !
week-end automobile casualty list
over Easter in the history of motor
vehicles. Thirty-, s!x persons wer,e
killed and 172 injured in wide
spread accidents.
PARIS, April 2:5. (/P) —France j
experienced possibly the worst !
week-end automobile casualty list
over Easter in the history of motor
vehicles. Thirty-, s!x persons wer,e
killed and 172 injured in wide
spread accidents.
PARIS, April 2:5. (/P) —France j
experienced possibly the worst !
week-end automobile casualty list
over Easter in the history of motor
vehicles. Thirty-, s!x persons wer,e
killed and 172 injured in wide
spread accidents.
PARIS, April 2:5. (/P) —France j
experienced possibly the worst !
week-end automobile casualty list
over Easter in the history of motor
vehicles. Thirty-, s!x persons wer,e
killed and 172 injured in wide
spread accidents.
PARIS, April 2:5. (/P) —France j
experienced possibly the worst !
week-end automobile casualty list
over Easter in the history of motor
vehicles. Thirty-, s!x persons wer,e
killed and 172 injured in wide
spread accidents.
PARIS, April 2:5. (/P) —France j
experienced possibly the worst !
week-end automobile casualty list
over Easter in the history of motor
vehicles. Thirty-, s!x persons wer,e
killed and 172 injured in wide
spread accidents.
PARIS, April 2:5. (/P) —France j
experienced possibly the worst !
week-end automobile casualty list
over Easter in the history of motor
vehicles. Thirty-, s!x persons wer,e
killed and 172 injured in wide
spread accidents.
PARIS, April 2:5. (/P) —France j
experienced possibly the worst !
week-end automobile casualty list
over Easter in the history of motor
vehicles. Thirty-, s!x persons wer,e
killed and 172 injured in wide
spread accidents.
PARIS, April 2:5. (/P) —France j
experienced possibly the worst !
week-end automobile casualty list
over Easter in the history of motor
vehicles. Thirty-, s!x persons wer,e
killed and 172 injured in wide
spread accidents.
PARIS, April 2:5. (/P) —France j
experienced possibly the worst !
week-end automobile casualty list
over Easter in the history of motor
vehicles. Thirty-, s!x persons wer,e
killed and 172 injured in wide
spread accidents.
PARIS, April 2:5. (/P) —France j
experienced possibly the worst !
week-end automobile casualty list
over Easter in the history of motor
vehicles. Thirty-, s!x persons wer,e
killed and 172 injured in wide
spread accidents.
PARIS, April 2:5. (/P) —France j
experienced possibly the worst !
week-end automobile casualty list
over Easter in the history of motor
vehicles. Thirty-, s!x persons wer,e
killed and 172 injured in wide
spread accidents.
PARIS, April 2:5. (/P) —France j
experienced possibly the worst !
week-end automobile casualty list
over Easter in the history of motor
vehicles. Thirty-, s!x persons wer,e
killed and 172 injured in wide
spread accidents.
