# Students Open Library Booth
## 
### 
In recognition of this week's
status as library week, the lib
rary sub-committee of student
academic affairs is setting up an
information booth in front of the
main library. The booth, designed
to resemble the stacks, will be
open from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m.
through Friday.
A questionnaire giving students
an opportunity to criticize and
make suggestions on how the
library can be improved will bo
distrbuted along with a one-page
explanation of why students
should be interested in the lib
rary.
MARK LOHMAN, chariman of
the sub-committee of student
academic affairs comments.
"During the next few years there
will be several fundamental
changes in the Stanford library
system.
"There will be a new under
graduate library, a changeover in
library personnel, and a modern
ization of the present main lib
rary. It is hoped that the Stan
ford student body will make a
contribution toward improving
the library service and collec
tion."
The committee is especially
hopeful that graduate students
will also take advantage of lib
rary week.
In recognition of this week's
status as library week, the lib
rary sub-committee of student
academic affairs is setting up an
information booth in front of the
main library. The booth, designed
to resemble the stacks, will be
open from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m.
through Friday.
A questionnaire giving students
an opportunity to criticize and
make suggestions on how the
library can be improved will bo
distrbuted along with a one-page
explanation of why students
should be interested in the lib
rary.
MARK LOHMAN, chariman of
the sub-committee of student
academic affairs comments.
"During the next few years there
will be several fundamental
changes in the Stanford library
system.
"There will be a new under
graduate library, a changeover in
library personnel, and a modern
ization of the present main lib
rary. It is hoped that the Stan
ford student body will make a
contribution toward improving
the library service and collec
tion."
The committee is especially
hopeful that graduate students
will also take advantage of lib
rary week.
In recognition of this week's
status as library week, the lib
rary sub-committee of student
academic affairs is setting up an
information booth in front of the
main library. The booth, designed
to resemble the stacks, will be
open from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m.
through Friday.
A questionnaire giving students
an opportunity to criticize and
make suggestions on how the
library can be improved will bo
distrbuted along with a one-page
explanation of why students
should be interested in the lib
rary.
MARK LOHMAN, chariman of
the sub-committee of student
academic affairs comments.
"During the next few years there
will be several fundamental
changes in the Stanford library
system.
"There will be a new under
graduate library, a changeover in
library personnel, and a modern
ization of the present main lib
rary. It is hoped that the Stan
ford student body will make a
contribution toward improving
the library service and collec
tion."
The committee is especially
hopeful that graduate students
will also take advantage of lib
rary week.
In recognition of this week's
status as library week, the lib
rary sub-committee of student
academic affairs is setting up an
information booth in front of the
main library. The booth, designed
to resemble the stacks, will be
open from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m.
through Friday.
A questionnaire giving students
an opportunity to criticize and
make suggestions on how the
library can be improved will bo
distrbuted along with a one-page
explanation of why students
should be interested in the lib
rary.
MARK LOHMAN, chariman of
the sub-committee of student
academic affairs comments.
"During the next few years there
will be several fundamental
changes in the Stanford library
system.
"There will be a new under
graduate library, a changeover in
library personnel, and a modern
ization of the present main lib
rary. It is hoped that the Stan
ford student body will make a
contribution toward improving
the library service and collec
tion."
The committee is especially
hopeful that graduate students
will also take advantage of lib
rary week.
In recognition of this week's
status as library week, the lib
rary sub-committee of student
academic affairs is setting up an
information booth in front of the
main library. The booth, designed
to resemble the stacks, will be
open from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m.
through Friday.
A questionnaire giving students
an opportunity to criticize and
make suggestions on how the
library can be improved will bo
distrbuted along with a one-page
explanation of why students
should be interested in the lib
rary.
MARK LOHMAN, chariman of
the sub-committee of student
academic affairs comments.
"During the next few years there
will be several fundamental
changes in the Stanford library
system.
"There will be a new under
graduate library, a changeover in
library personnel, and a modern
ization of the present main lib
rary. It is hoped that the Stan
ford student body will make a
contribution toward improving
the library service and collec
tion."
The committee is especially
hopeful that graduate students
will also take advantage of lib
rary week.
In recognition of this week's
status as library week, the lib
rary sub-committee of student
academic affairs is setting up an
information booth in front of the
main library. The booth, designed
to resemble the stacks, will be
open from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m.
through Friday.
A questionnaire giving students
an opportunity to criticize and
make suggestions on how the
library can be improved will bo
distrbuted along with a one-page
explanation of why students
should be interested in the lib
rary.
MARK LOHMAN, chariman of
the sub-committee of student
academic affairs comments.
"During the next few years there
will be several fundamental
changes in the Stanford library
system.
"There will be a new under
graduate library, a changeover in
library personnel, and a modern
ization of the present main lib
rary. It is hoped that the Stan
ford student body will make a
contribution toward improving
the library service and collec
tion."
The committee is especially
hopeful that graduate students
will also take advantage of lib
rary week.
In recognition of this week's
status as library week, the lib
rary sub-committee of student
academic affairs is setting up an
information booth in front of the
main library. The booth, designed
to resemble the stacks, will be
open from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m.
through Friday.
A questionnaire giving students
an opportunity to criticize and
make suggestions on how the
library can be improved will bo
distrbuted along with a one-page
explanation of why students
should be interested in the lib
rary.
MARK LOHMAN, chariman of
the sub-committee of student
academic affairs comments.
"During the next few years there
will be several fundamental
changes in the Stanford library
system.
"There will be a new under
graduate library, a changeover in
library personnel, and a modern
ization of the present main lib
rary. It is hoped that the Stan
ford student body will make a
contribution toward improving
the library service and collec
tion."
The committee is especially
hopeful that graduate students
will also take advantage of lib
rary week.
In recognition of this week's
status as library week, the lib
rary sub-committee of student
academic affairs is setting up an
information booth in front of the
main library. The booth, designed
to resemble the stacks, will be
open from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m.
through Friday.
A questionnaire giving students
an opportunity to criticize and
make suggestions on how the
library can be improved will bo
distrbuted along with a one-page
explanation of why students
should be interested in the lib
rary.
MARK LOHMAN, chariman of
the sub-committee of student
academic affairs comments.
"During the next few years there
will be several fundamental
changes in the Stanford library
system.
"There will be a new under
graduate library, a changeover in
library personnel, and a modern
ization of the present main lib
rary. It is hoped that the Stan
ford student body will make a
contribution toward improving
the library service and collec
tion."
The committee is especially
hopeful that graduate students
will also take advantage of lib
rary week.
In recognition of this week's
status as library week, the lib
rary sub-committee of student
academic affairs is setting up an
information booth in front of the
main library. The booth, designed
to resemble the stacks, will be
open from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m.
through Friday.
A questionnaire giving students
an opportunity to criticize and
make suggestions on how the
library can be improved will bo
distrbuted along with a one-page
explanation of why students
should be interested in the lib
rary.
MARK LOHMAN, chariman of
the sub-committee of student
academic affairs comments.
"During the next few years there
will be several fundamental
changes in the Stanford library
system.
"There will be a new under
graduate library, a changeover in
library personnel, and a modern
ization of the present main lib
rary. It is hoped that the Stan
ford student body will make a
contribution toward improving
the library service and collec
tion."
The committee is especially
hopeful that graduate students
will also take advantage of lib
rary week.
In recognition of this week's
status as library week, the lib
rary sub-committee of student
academic affairs is setting up an
information booth in front of the
main library. The booth, designed
to resemble the stacks, will be
open from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m.
through Friday.
A questionnaire giving students
an opportunity to criticize and
make suggestions on how the
library can be improved will bo
distrbuted along with a one-page
explanation of why students
should be interested in the lib
rary.
MARK LOHMAN, chariman of
the sub-committee of student
academic affairs comments.
"During the next few years there
will be several fundamental
changes in the Stanford library
system.
"There will be a new under
graduate library, a changeover in
library personnel, and a modern
ization of the present main lib
rary. It is hoped that the Stan
ford student body will make a
contribution toward improving
the library service and collec
tion."
The committee is especially
hopeful that graduate students
will also take advantage of lib
rary week.
In recognition of this week's
status as library week, the lib
rary sub-committee of student
academic affairs is setting up an
information booth in front of the
main library. The booth, designed
to resemble the stacks, will be
open from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m.
through Friday.
A questionnaire giving students
an opportunity to criticize and
make suggestions on how the
library can be improved will bo
distrbuted along with a one-page
explanation of why students
should be interested in the lib
rary.
MARK LOHMAN, chariman of
the sub-committee of student
academic affairs comments.
"During the next few years there
will be several fundamental
changes in the Stanford library
system.
"There will be a new under
graduate library, a changeover in
library personnel, and a modern
ization of the present main lib
rary. It is hoped that the Stan
ford student body will make a
contribution toward improving
the library service and collec
tion."
The committee is especially
hopeful that graduate students
will also take advantage of lib
rary week.
In recognition of this week's
status as library week, the lib
rary sub-committee of student
academic affairs is setting up an
information booth in front of the
main library. The booth, designed
to resemble the stacks, will be
open from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m.
through Friday.
A questionnaire giving students
an opportunity to criticize and
make suggestions on how the
library can be improved will bo
distrbuted along with a one-page
explanation of why students
should be interested in the lib
rary.
MARK LOHMAN, chariman of
the sub-committee of student
academic affairs comments.
"During the next few years there
will be several fundamental
changes in the Stanford library
system.
"There will be a new under
graduate library, a changeover in
library personnel, and a modern
ization of the present main lib
rary. It is hoped that the Stan
ford student body will make a
contribution toward improving
the library service and collec
tion."
The committee is especially
hopeful that graduate students
will also take advantage of lib
rary week.
In recognition of this week's
status as library week, the lib
rary sub-committee of student
academic affairs is setting up an
information booth in front of the
main library. The booth, designed
to resemble the stacks, will be
open from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m.
through Friday.
A questionnaire giving students
an opportunity to criticize and
make suggestions on how the
library can be improved will bo
distrbuted along with a one-page
explanation of why students
should be interested in the lib
rary.
MARK LOHMAN, chariman of
the sub-committee of student
academic affairs comments.
"During the next few years there
will be several fundamental
changes in the Stanford library
system.
"There will be a new under
graduate library, a changeover in
library personnel, and a modern
ization of the present main lib
rary. It is hoped that the Stan
ford student body will make a
contribution toward improving
the library service and collec
tion."
The committee is especially
hopeful that graduate students
will also take advantage of lib
rary week.
In recognition of this week's
status as library week, the lib
rary sub-committee of student
academic affairs is setting up an
information booth in front of the
main library. The booth, designed
to resemble the stacks, will be
open from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m.
through Friday.
A questionnaire giving students
an opportunity to criticize and
make suggestions on how the
library can be improved will bo
distrbuted along with a one-page
explanation of why students
should be interested in the lib
rary.
MARK LOHMAN, chariman of
the sub-committee of student
academic affairs comments.
"During the next few years there
will be several fundamental
changes in the Stanford library
system.
"There will be a new under
graduate library, a changeover in
library personnel, and a modern
ization of the present main lib
rary. It is hoped that the Stan
ford student body will make a
contribution toward improving
the library service and collec
tion."
The committee is especially
hopeful that graduate students
will also take advantage of lib
rary week.
In recognition of this week's
status as library week, the lib
rary sub-committee of student
academic affairs is setting up an
information booth in front of the
main library. The booth, designed
to resemble the stacks, will be
open from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m.
through Friday.
A questionnaire giving students
an opportunity to criticize and
make suggestions on how the
library can be improved will bo
distrbuted along with a one-page
explanation of why students
should be interested in the lib
rary.
MARK LOHMAN, chariman of
the sub-committee of student
academic affairs comments.
"During the next few years there
will be several fundamental
changes in the Stanford library
system.
"There will be a new under
graduate library, a changeover in
library personnel, and a modern
ization of the present main lib
rary. It is hoped that the Stan
ford student body will make a
contribution toward improving
the library service and collec
tion."
The committee is especially
hopeful that graduate students
will also take advantage of lib
rary week.
