# COMMITTEE AIMS TO MAKE JOLLY-UP A BIG AFFAIR
## 
### 
One of the features of the upper-class
jolly-up Friday night will be a drawing
for twenty "jolly-up specials." Ar
rangements have been made by the com
mittee with Wilson's to have this re
markable dish made with vanilla ice
cream, marshmallow syrup, toasted al
monds, orange ice, strawberry syrup,
whipped cream and a cherry.
Besides the jolly-up specials, Monk
Antrim's jTazz Band will furnish another
feature of the dance, which will take
place at Encina Hall. Everyone is in
vited.
One of the features of the upper-class
jolly-up Friday night will be a drawing
for twenty "jolly-up specials." Ar
rangements have been made by the com
mittee with Wilson's to have this re
markable dish made with vanilla ice
cream, marshmallow syrup, toasted al
monds, orange ice, strawberry syrup,
whipped cream and a cherry.
Besides the jolly-up specials, Monk
Antrim's jTazz Band will furnish another
feature of the dance, which will take
place at Encina Hall. Everyone is in
vited.
One of the features of the upper-class
jolly-up Friday night will be a drawing
for twenty "jolly-up specials." Ar
rangements have been made by the com
mittee with Wilson's to have this re
markable dish made with vanilla ice
cream, marshmallow syrup, toasted al
monds, orange ice, strawberry syrup,
whipped cream and a cherry.
Besides the jolly-up specials, Monk
Antrim's jTazz Band will furnish another
feature of the dance, which will take
place at Encina Hall. Everyone is in
vited.
One of the features of the upper-class
jolly-up Friday night will be a drawing
for twenty "jolly-up specials." Ar
rangements have been made by the com
mittee with Wilson's to have this re
markable dish made with vanilla ice
cream, marshmallow syrup, toasted al
monds, orange ice, strawberry syrup,
whipped cream and a cherry.
Besides the jolly-up specials, Monk
Antrim's jTazz Band will furnish another
feature of the dance, which will take
place at Encina Hall. Everyone is in
vited.
One of the features of the upper-class
jolly-up Friday night will be a drawing
for twenty "jolly-up specials." Ar
rangements have been made by the com
mittee with Wilson's to have this re
markable dish made with vanilla ice
cream, marshmallow syrup, toasted al
monds, orange ice, strawberry syrup,
whipped cream and a cherry.
Besides the jolly-up specials, Monk
Antrim's jTazz Band will furnish another
feature of the dance, which will take
place at Encina Hall. Everyone is in
vited.
One of the features of the upper-class
jolly-up Friday night will be a drawing
for twenty "jolly-up specials." Ar
rangements have been made by the com
mittee with Wilson's to have this re
markable dish made with vanilla ice
cream, marshmallow syrup, toasted al
monds, orange ice, strawberry syrup,
whipped cream and a cherry.
Besides the jolly-up specials, Monk
Antrim's jTazz Band will furnish another
feature of the dance, which will take
place at Encina Hall. Everyone is in
vited.
One of the features of the upper-class
jolly-up Friday night will be a drawing
for twenty "jolly-up specials." Ar
rangements have been made by the com
mittee with Wilson's to have this re
markable dish made with vanilla ice
cream, marshmallow syrup, toasted al
monds, orange ice, strawberry syrup,
whipped cream and a cherry.
Besides the jolly-up specials, Monk
Antrim's jTazz Band will furnish another
feature of the dance, which will take
place at Encina Hall. Everyone is in
vited.
One of the features of the upper-class
jolly-up Friday night will be a drawing
for twenty "jolly-up specials." Ar
rangements have been made by the com
mittee with Wilson's to have this re
markable dish made with vanilla ice
cream, marshmallow syrup, toasted al
monds, orange ice, strawberry syrup,
whipped cream and a cherry.
Besides the jolly-up specials, Monk
Antrim's jTazz Band will furnish another
feature of the dance, which will take
place at Encina Hall. Everyone is in
vited.
One of the features of the upper-class
jolly-up Friday night will be a drawing
for twenty "jolly-up specials." Ar
rangements have been made by the com
mittee with Wilson's to have this re
markable dish made with vanilla ice
cream, marshmallow syrup, toasted al
monds, orange ice, strawberry syrup,
whipped cream and a cherry.
Besides the jolly-up specials, Monk
Antrim's jTazz Band will furnish another
feature of the dance, which will take
place at Encina Hall. Everyone is in
vited.
One of the features of the upper-class
jolly-up Friday night will be a drawing
for twenty "jolly-up specials." Ar
rangements have been made by the com
mittee with Wilson's to have this re
markable dish made with vanilla ice
cream, marshmallow syrup, toasted al
monds, orange ice, strawberry syrup,
whipped cream and a cherry.
Besides the jolly-up specials, Monk
Antrim's jTazz Band will furnish another
feature of the dance, which will take
place at Encina Hall. Everyone is in
vited.
One of the features of the upper-class
jolly-up Friday night will be a drawing
for twenty "jolly-up specials." Ar
rangements have been made by the com
mittee with Wilson's to have this re
markable dish made with vanilla ice
cream, marshmallow syrup, toasted al
monds, orange ice, strawberry syrup,
whipped cream and a cherry.
Besides the jolly-up specials, Monk
Antrim's jTazz Band will furnish another
feature of the dance, which will take
place at Encina Hall. Everyone is in
vited.
One of the features of the upper-class
jolly-up Friday night will be a drawing
for twenty "jolly-up specials." Ar
rangements have been made by the com
mittee with Wilson's to have this re
markable dish made with vanilla ice
cream, marshmallow syrup, toasted al
monds, orange ice, strawberry syrup,
whipped cream and a cherry.
Besides the jolly-up specials, Monk
Antrim's jTazz Band will furnish another
feature of the dance, which will take
place at Encina Hall. Everyone is in
vited.
One of the features of the upper-class
jolly-up Friday night will be a drawing
for twenty "jolly-up specials." Ar
rangements have been made by the com
mittee with Wilson's to have this re
markable dish made with vanilla ice
cream, marshmallow syrup, toasted al
monds, orange ice, strawberry syrup,
whipped cream and a cherry.
Besides the jolly-up specials, Monk
Antrim's jTazz Band will furnish another
feature of the dance, which will take
place at Encina Hall. Everyone is in
vited.
