# "EATS" SENT TO MEN AT BASE HOSPITAL
## Stanford Men and Women to Entertain Wounded Men From Overseas 
### 
Three baskets of sandwiches, one bas
ket of cakes, innumerable doughnuts,
potato chips, candies and flowers were
loaded in automobiles last Friday after
noon and taken out to the Base Hos
pital, where they were distributed
among the different wards of the hos
pital. Games of all sorts, magazines
and other reading materials were also
given out to the convalescing soldiers,
who, according to the committee in
charge, showed their appreciation in
more than one way. Sunday afternoon
about fifteen Stanford women enter
tained these men at the Red Cross
rooms. The program was varied and
consisted of singing, reading and sev
eral piano selections. Five or six uku
leles and a banjo had a marked cffect
in cheering up tired spirits, and the
funny readings brought forth consider
able laughter from the wounded men.
Next Monday evening there will be
a committee meeting of representatives
from all the sorority houses at 8:15 in
the Women's Club House, when further
arrangements will be made for enter
taining the soldiers at the Base Hos
pital. A committee of men is to be ap
pointed for the same purpose, and it is
then hoped that Stanford students will
be able to greatly alleviate the loneli
ness of those men who have just re
turned from overseas, and who are now
confined to the hospital because of shell
shock or wound.
Three baskets of sandwiches, one bas
ket of cakes, innumerable doughnuts,
potato chips, candies and flowers were
loaded in automobiles last Friday after
noon and taken out to the Base Hos
pital, where they were distributed
among the different wards of the hos
pital. Games of all sorts, magazines
and other reading materials were also
given out to the convalescing soldiers,
who, according to the committee in
charge, showed their appreciation in
more than one way. Sunday afternoon
about fifteen Stanford women enter
tained these men at the Red Cross
rooms. The program was varied and
consisted of singing, reading and sev
eral piano selections. Five or six uku
leles and a banjo had a marked cffect
in cheering up tired spirits, and the
funny readings brought forth consider
able laughter from the wounded men.
Next Monday evening there will be
a committee meeting of representatives
from all the sorority houses at 8:15 in
the Women's Club House, when further
arrangements will be made for enter
taining the soldiers at the Base Hos
pital. A committee of men is to be ap
pointed for the same purpose, and it is
then hoped that Stanford students will
be able to greatly alleviate the loneli
ness of those men who have just re
turned from overseas, and who are now
confined to the hospital because of shell
shock or wound.
Three baskets of sandwiches, one bas
ket of cakes, innumerable doughnuts,
potato chips, candies and flowers were
loaded in automobiles last Friday after
noon and taken out to the Base Hos
pital, where they were distributed
among the different wards of the hos
pital. Games of all sorts, magazines
and other reading materials were also
given out to the convalescing soldiers,
who, according to the committee in
charge, showed their appreciation in
more than one way. Sunday afternoon
about fifteen Stanford women enter
tained these men at the Red Cross
rooms. The program was varied and
consisted of singing, reading and sev
eral piano selections. Five or six uku
leles and a banjo had a marked cffect
in cheering up tired spirits, and the
funny readings brought forth consider
able laughter from the wounded men.
Next Monday evening there will be
a committee meeting of representatives
from all the sorority houses at 8:15 in
the Women's Club House, when further
arrangements will be made for enter
taining the soldiers at the Base Hos
pital. A committee of men is to be ap
pointed for the same purpose, and it is
then hoped that Stanford students will
be able to greatly alleviate the loneli
ness of those men who have just re
turned from overseas, and who are now
confined to the hospital because of shell
shock or wound.
Three baskets of sandwiches, one bas
ket of cakes, innumerable doughnuts,
potato chips, candies and flowers were
loaded in automobiles last Friday after
noon and taken out to the Base Hos
pital, where they were distributed
among the different wards of the hos
pital. Games of all sorts, magazines
and other reading materials were also
given out to the convalescing soldiers,
who, according to the committee in
charge, showed their appreciation in
more than one way. Sunday afternoon
about fifteen Stanford women enter
tained these men at the Red Cross
rooms. The program was varied and
consisted of singing, reading and sev
eral piano selections. Five or six uku
leles and a banjo had a marked cffect
in cheering up tired spirits, and the
funny readings brought forth consider
able laughter from the wounded men.
Next Monday evening there will be
a committee meeting of representatives
from all the sorority houses at 8:15 in
the Women's Club House, when further
arrangements will be made for enter
taining the soldiers at the Base Hos
pital. A committee of men is to be ap
pointed for the same purpose, and it is
then hoped that Stanford students will
be able to greatly alleviate the loneli
ness of those men who have just re
turned from overseas, and who are now
confined to the hospital because of shell
shock or wound.
Three baskets of sandwiches, one bas
ket of cakes, innumerable doughnuts,
potato chips, candies and flowers were
loaded in automobiles last Friday after
noon and taken out to the Base Hos
pital, where they were distributed
among the different wards of the hos
pital. Games of all sorts, magazines
and other reading materials were also
given out to the convalescing soldiers,
who, according to the committee in
charge, showed their appreciation in
more than one way. Sunday afternoon
about fifteen Stanford women enter
tained these men at the Red Cross
rooms. The program was varied and
consisted of singing, reading and sev
eral piano selections. Five or six uku
leles and a banjo had a marked cffect
in cheering up tired spirits, and the
funny readings brought forth consider
able laughter from the wounded men.
Next Monday evening there will be
a committee meeting of representatives
from all the sorority houses at 8:15 in
the Women's Club House, when further
arrangements will be made for enter
taining the soldiers at the Base Hos
pital. A committee of men is to be ap
pointed for the same purpose, and it is
then hoped that Stanford students will
be able to greatly alleviate the loneli
ness of those men who have just re
turned from overseas, and who are now
confined to the hospital because of shell
shock or wound.
Three baskets of sandwiches, one bas
ket of cakes, innumerable doughnuts,
potato chips, candies and flowers were
loaded in automobiles last Friday after
noon and taken out to the Base Hos
pital, where they were distributed
among the different wards of the hos
pital. Games of all sorts, magazines
and other reading materials were also
given out to the convalescing soldiers,
who, according to the committee in
charge, showed their appreciation in
more than one way. Sunday afternoon
about fifteen Stanford women enter
tained these men at the Red Cross
rooms. The program was varied and
consisted of singing, reading and sev
eral piano selections. Five or six uku
leles and a banjo had a marked cffect
in cheering up tired spirits, and the
funny readings brought forth consider
able laughter from the wounded men.
Next Monday evening there will be
a committee meeting of representatives
from all the sorority houses at 8:15 in
the Women's Club House, when further
arrangements will be made for enter
taining the soldiers at the Base Hos
pital. A committee of men is to be ap
pointed for the same purpose, and it is
then hoped that Stanford students will
be able to greatly alleviate the loneli
ness of those men who have just re
turned from overseas, and who are now
confined to the hospital because of shell
shock or wound.
Three baskets of sandwiches, one bas
ket of cakes, innumerable doughnuts,
potato chips, candies and flowers were
loaded in automobiles last Friday after
noon and taken out to the Base Hos
pital, where they were distributed
among the different wards of the hos
pital. Games of all sorts, magazines
and other reading materials were also
given out to the convalescing soldiers,
who, according to the committee in
charge, showed their appreciation in
more than one way. Sunday afternoon
about fifteen Stanford women enter
tained these men at the Red Cross
rooms. The program was varied and
consisted of singing, reading and sev
eral piano selections. Five or six uku
leles and a banjo had a marked cffect
in cheering up tired spirits, and the
funny readings brought forth consider
able laughter from the wounded men.
Next Monday evening there will be
a committee meeting of representatives
from all the sorority houses at 8:15 in
the Women's Club House, when further
arrangements will be made for enter
taining the soldiers at the Base Hos
pital. A committee of men is to be ap
pointed for the same purpose, and it is
then hoped that Stanford students will
be able to greatly alleviate the loneli
ness of those men who have just re
turned from overseas, and who are now
confined to the hospital because of shell
shock or wound.
Three baskets of sandwiches, one bas
ket of cakes, innumerable doughnuts,
potato chips, candies and flowers were
loaded in automobiles last Friday after
noon and taken out to the Base Hos
pital, where they were distributed
among the different wards of the hos
pital. Games of all sorts, magazines
and other reading materials were also
given out to the convalescing soldiers,
who, according to the committee in
charge, showed their appreciation in
more than one way. Sunday afternoon
about fifteen Stanford women enter
tained these men at the Red Cross
rooms. The program was varied and
consisted of singing, reading and sev
eral piano selections. Five or six uku
leles and a banjo had a marked cffect
in cheering up tired spirits, and the
funny readings brought forth consider
able laughter from the wounded men.
Next Monday evening there will be
a committee meeting of representatives
from all the sorority houses at 8:15 in
the Women's Club House, when further
arrangements will be made for enter
taining the soldiers at the Base Hos
pital. A committee of men is to be ap
pointed for the same purpose, and it is
then hoped that Stanford students will
be able to greatly alleviate the loneli
ness of those men who have just re
turned from overseas, and who are now
confined to the hospital because of shell
shock or wound.
Three baskets of sandwiches, one bas
ket of cakes, innumerable doughnuts,
potato chips, candies and flowers were
loaded in automobiles last Friday after
noon and taken out to the Base Hos
pital, where they were distributed
among the different wards of the hos
pital. Games of all sorts, magazines
and other reading materials were also
given out to the convalescing soldiers,
who, according to the committee in
charge, showed their appreciation in
more than one way. Sunday afternoon
about fifteen Stanford women enter
tained these men at the Red Cross
rooms. The program was varied and
consisted of singing, reading and sev
eral piano selections. Five or six uku
leles and a banjo had a marked cffect
in cheering up tired spirits, and the
funny readings brought forth consider
able laughter from the wounded men.
Next Monday evening there will be
a committee meeting of representatives
from all the sorority houses at 8:15 in
the Women's Club House, when further
arrangements will be made for enter
taining the soldiers at the Base Hos
pital. A committee of men is to be ap
pointed for the same purpose, and it is
then hoped that Stanford students will
be able to greatly alleviate the loneli
ness of those men who have just re
turned from overseas, and who are now
confined to the hospital because of shell
shock or wound.
Three baskets of sandwiches, one bas
ket of cakes, innumerable doughnuts,
potato chips, candies and flowers were
loaded in automobiles last Friday after
noon and taken out to the Base Hos
pital, where they were distributed
among the different wards of the hos
pital. Games of all sorts, magazines
and other reading materials were also
given out to the convalescing soldiers,
who, according to the committee in
charge, showed their appreciation in
more than one way. Sunday afternoon
about fifteen Stanford women enter
tained these men at the Red Cross
rooms. The program was varied and
consisted of singing, reading and sev
eral piano selections. Five or six uku
leles and a banjo had a marked cffect
in cheering up tired spirits, and the
funny readings brought forth consider
able laughter from the wounded men.
Next Monday evening there will be
a committee meeting of representatives
from all the sorority houses at 8:15 in
the Women's Club House, when further
arrangements will be made for enter
taining the soldiers at the Base Hos
pital. A committee of men is to be ap
pointed for the same purpose, and it is
then hoped that Stanford students will
be able to greatly alleviate the loneli
ness of those men who have just re
turned from overseas, and who are now
confined to the hospital because of shell
shock or wound.
Three baskets of sandwiches, one bas
ket of cakes, innumerable doughnuts,
potato chips, candies and flowers were
loaded in automobiles last Friday after
noon and taken out to the Base Hos
pital, where they were distributed
among the different wards of the hos
pital. Games of all sorts, magazines
and other reading materials were also
given out to the convalescing soldiers,
who, according to the committee in
charge, showed their appreciation in
more than one way. Sunday afternoon
about fifteen Stanford women enter
tained these men at the Red Cross
rooms. The program was varied and
consisted of singing, reading and sev
eral piano selections. Five or six uku
leles and a banjo had a marked cffect
in cheering up tired spirits, and the
funny readings brought forth consider
able laughter from the wounded men.
Next Monday evening there will be
a committee meeting of representatives
from all the sorority houses at 8:15 in
the Women's Club House, when further
arrangements will be made for enter
taining the soldiers at the Base Hos
pital. A committee of men is to be ap
pointed for the same purpose, and it is
then hoped that Stanford students will
be able to greatly alleviate the loneli
ness of those men who have just re
turned from overseas, and who are now
confined to the hospital because of shell
shock or wound.
Three baskets of sandwiches, one bas
ket of cakes, innumerable doughnuts,
potato chips, candies and flowers were
loaded in automobiles last Friday after
noon and taken out to the Base Hos
pital, where they were distributed
among the different wards of the hos
pital. Games of all sorts, magazines
and other reading materials were also
given out to the convalescing soldiers,
who, according to the committee in
charge, showed their appreciation in
more than one way. Sunday afternoon
about fifteen Stanford women enter
tained these men at the Red Cross
rooms. The program was varied and
consisted of singing, reading and sev
eral piano selections. Five or six uku
leles and a banjo had a marked cffect
in cheering up tired spirits, and the
funny readings brought forth consider
able laughter from the wounded men.
Next Monday evening there will be
a committee meeting of representatives
from all the sorority houses at 8:15 in
the Women's Club House, when further
arrangements will be made for enter
taining the soldiers at the Base Hos
pital. A committee of men is to be ap
pointed for the same purpose, and it is
then hoped that Stanford students will
be able to greatly alleviate the loneli
ness of those men who have just re
turned from overseas, and who are now
confined to the hospital because of shell
shock or wound.
Three baskets of sandwiches, one bas
ket of cakes, innumerable doughnuts,
potato chips, candies and flowers were
loaded in automobiles last Friday after
noon and taken out to the Base Hos
pital, where they were distributed
among the different wards of the hos
pital. Games of all sorts, magazines
and other reading materials were also
given out to the convalescing soldiers,
who, according to the committee in
charge, showed their appreciation in
more than one way. Sunday afternoon
about fifteen Stanford women enter
tained these men at the Red Cross
rooms. The program was varied and
consisted of singing, reading and sev
eral piano selections. Five or six uku
leles and a banjo had a marked cffect
in cheering up tired spirits, and the
funny readings brought forth consider
able laughter from the wounded men.
Next Monday evening there will be
a committee meeting of representatives
from all the sorority houses at 8:15 in
the Women's Club House, when further
arrangements will be made for enter
taining the soldiers at the Base Hos
pital. A committee of men is to be ap
pointed for the same purpose, and it is
then hoped that Stanford students will
be able to greatly alleviate the loneli
ness of those men who have just re
turned from overseas, and who are now
confined to the hospital because of shell
shock or wound.
