# W.A.A. MEETS TONIGHT IN THE CLUB HOUSE
## 
### 
W. A. A. meeting will be held tonight
at 7:30 in the Women's Club House.
Captains of teams are requested to have
their schedules ready for approval.
Attention is called to the fact that ab
sence from three consecutive meetings
discredits membership on the board. On
this account, full attendance is urged.
W. A. A. meeting will be held tonight
at 7:30 in the Women's Club House.
Captains of teams are requested to have
their schedules ready for approval.
Attention is called to the fact that ab
sence from three consecutive meetings
discredits membership on the board. On
this account, full attendance is urged.
W. A. A. meeting will be held tonight
at 7:30 in the Women's Club House.
Captains of teams are requested to have
their schedules ready for approval.
Attention is called to the fact that ab
sence from three consecutive meetings
discredits membership on the board. On
this account, full attendance is urged.
W. A. A. meeting will be held tonight
at 7:30 in the Women's Club House.
Captains of teams are requested to have
their schedules ready for approval.
Attention is called to the fact that ab
sence from three consecutive meetings
discredits membership on the board. On
this account, full attendance is urged.
W. A. A. meeting will be held tonight
at 7:30 in the Women's Club House.
Captains of teams are requested to have
their schedules ready for approval.
Attention is called to the fact that ab
sence from three consecutive meetings
discredits membership on the board. On
this account, full attendance is urged.
W. A. A. meeting will be held tonight
at 7:30 in the Women's Club House.
Captains of teams are requested to have
their schedules ready for approval.
Attention is called to the fact that ab
sence from three consecutive meetings
discredits membership on the board. On
this account, full attendance is urged.
W. A. A. meeting will be held tonight
at 7:30 in the Women's Club House.
Captains of teams are requested to have
their schedules ready for approval.
Attention is called to the fact that ab
sence from three consecutive meetings
discredits membership on the board. On
this account, full attendance is urged.
W. A. A. meeting will be held tonight
at 7:30 in the Women's Club House.
Captains of teams are requested to have
their schedules ready for approval.
Attention is called to the fact that ab
sence from three consecutive meetings
discredits membership on the board. On
this account, full attendance is urged.
W. A. A. meeting will be held tonight
at 7:30 in the Women's Club House.
Captains of teams are requested to have
their schedules ready for approval.
Attention is called to the fact that ab
sence from three consecutive meetings
discredits membership on the board. On
this account, full attendance is urged.
W. A. A. meeting will be held tonight
at 7:30 in the Women's Club House.
Captains of teams are requested to have
their schedules ready for approval.
Attention is called to the fact that ab
sence from three consecutive meetings
discredits membership on the board. On
this account, full attendance is urged.
W. A. A. meeting will be held tonight
at 7:30 in the Women's Club House.
Captains of teams are requested to have
their schedules ready for approval.
Attention is called to the fact that ab
sence from three consecutive meetings
discredits membership on the board. On
this account, full attendance is urged.
W. A. A. meeting will be held tonight
at 7:30 in the Women's Club House.
Captains of teams are requested to have
their schedules ready for approval.
Attention is called to the fact that ab
sence from three consecutive meetings
discredits membership on the board. On
this account, full attendance is urged.
W. A. A. meeting will be held tonight
at 7:30 in the Women's Club House.
Captains of teams are requested to have
their schedules ready for approval.
Attention is called to the fact that ab
sence from three consecutive meetings
discredits membership on the board. On
this account, full attendance is urged.
