# BAND NAMES DATE FDR THE FIRST ANNUAL DANCE
## NEW DEPARTURE WILL BE MADE AT ARMORY ON MARCH 7. Proceeds Will be Used to Swell Fund For Trip South During Spring Vacation. 
### 
On the evening of March 7, the first
annual Hand Dance will lie given at
the Armory. Tickets will be on sale
at the Hookstore at an early date. Fif
teen instrumentalists of the Stanford
Hand, who have had experience in
playing dance music will be selected
for the occasion, and prospects are
that the new departure will be the
most effective accompaniment that has
been offered at a Stanford function.
The coining dance introduces a yearly
institution, which bids to stand among
the most pleasing entertainments given
by any campus organization.
Refreshments will be served in the
Armory, in (hat way doing away with
the past need to leave the dance to go
to the candy store in Palo Alto. A well
known confectioner will cater to the
dancers with an attractive menu.
Special decorative schemes, and new
features are being worked out at pres
ent by the committee in charge of the
venture, which includes P. H. Hlan
venture, which includes P. E. Blan-
Hradford, '15. With the special feat
ures that have been used at past
dances to work on, the committee ex
pects to go further to provide attrac
tive novelties.
Proceeds from the dance will swell
the traveling fund of the Hand, which
is to lie used to take the Stanford
musicians on a tour of Southern Cali
fornia during the spring vacation.
On the evening of March 7, the first
annual Hand Dance will lie given at
the Armory. Tickets will be on sale
at the Hookstore at an early date. Fif
teen instrumentalists of the Stanford
Hand, who have had experience in
playing dance music will be selected
for the occasion, and prospects are
that the new departure will be the
most effective accompaniment that has
been offered at a Stanford function.
The coining dance introduces a yearly
institution, which bids to stand among
the most pleasing entertainments given
by any campus organization.
Refreshments will be served in the
Armory, in (hat way doing away with
the past need to leave the dance to go
to the candy store in Palo Alto. A well
known confectioner will cater to the
dancers with an attractive menu.
Special decorative schemes, and new
features are being worked out at pres
ent by the committee in charge of the
venture, which includes P. H. Hlan
venture, which includes P. E. Blan-
Hradford, '15. With the special feat
ures that have been used at past
dances to work on, the committee ex
pects to go further to provide attrac
tive novelties.
Proceeds from the dance will swell
the traveling fund of the Hand, which
is to lie used to take the Stanford
musicians on a tour of Southern Cali
fornia during the spring vacation.
On the evening of March 7, the first
annual Hand Dance will lie given at
the Armory. Tickets will be on sale
at the Hookstore at an early date. Fif
teen instrumentalists of the Stanford
Hand, who have had experience in
playing dance music will be selected
for the occasion, and prospects are
that the new departure will be the
most effective accompaniment that has
been offered at a Stanford function.
The coining dance introduces a yearly
institution, which bids to stand among
the most pleasing entertainments given
by any campus organization.
Refreshments will be served in the
Armory, in (hat way doing away with
the past need to leave the dance to go
to the candy store in Palo Alto. A well
known confectioner will cater to the
dancers with an attractive menu.
Special decorative schemes, and new
features are being worked out at pres
ent by the committee in charge of the
venture, which includes P. H. Hlan
venture, which includes P. E. Blan-
Hradford, '15. With the special feat
ures that have been used at past
dances to work on, the committee ex
pects to go further to provide attrac
tive novelties.
Proceeds from the dance will swell
the traveling fund of the Hand, which
is to lie used to take the Stanford
musicians on a tour of Southern Cali
fornia during the spring vacation.
On the evening of March 7, the first
annual Hand Dance will lie given at
the Armory. Tickets will be on sale
at the Hookstore at an early date. Fif
teen instrumentalists of the Stanford
Hand, who have had experience in
playing dance music will be selected
for the occasion, and prospects are
that the new departure will be the
most effective accompaniment that has
been offered at a Stanford function.
The coining dance introduces a yearly
institution, which bids to stand among
the most pleasing entertainments given
by any campus organization.
Refreshments will be served in the
Armory, in (hat way doing away with
the past need to leave the dance to go
to the candy store in Palo Alto. A well
known confectioner will cater to the
dancers with an attractive menu.
Special decorative schemes, and new
features are being worked out at pres
ent by the committee in charge of the
venture, which includes P. H. Hlan
venture, which includes P. E. Blan-
Hradford, '15. With the special feat
ures that have been used at past
dances to work on, the committee ex
pects to go further to provide attrac
tive novelties.
Proceeds from the dance will swell
the traveling fund of the Hand, which
is to lie used to take the Stanford
musicians on a tour of Southern Cali
fornia during the spring vacation.
On the evening of March 7, the first
annual Hand Dance will lie given at
the Armory. Tickets will be on sale
at the Hookstore at an early date. Fif
teen instrumentalists of the Stanford
Hand, who have had experience in
playing dance music will be selected
for the occasion, and prospects are
that the new departure will be the
most effective accompaniment that has
been offered at a Stanford function.
The coining dance introduces a yearly
institution, which bids to stand among
the most pleasing entertainments given
by any campus organization.
Refreshments will be served in the
Armory, in (hat way doing away with
the past need to leave the dance to go
to the candy store in Palo Alto. A well
known confectioner will cater to the
dancers with an attractive menu.
Special decorative schemes, and new
features are being worked out at pres
ent by the committee in charge of the
venture, which includes P. H. Hlan
venture, which includes P. E. Blan-
Hradford, '15. With the special feat
ures that have been used at past
dances to work on, the committee ex
pects to go further to provide attrac
tive novelties.
Proceeds from the dance will swell
the traveling fund of the Hand, which
is to lie used to take the Stanford
musicians on a tour of Southern Cali
fornia during the spring vacation.
On the evening of March 7, the first
annual Hand Dance will lie given at
the Armory. Tickets will be on sale
at the Hookstore at an early date. Fif
teen instrumentalists of the Stanford
Hand, who have had experience in
playing dance music will be selected
for the occasion, and prospects are
that the new departure will be the
most effective accompaniment that has
been offered at a Stanford function.
The coining dance introduces a yearly
institution, which bids to stand among
the most pleasing entertainments given
by any campus organization.
Refreshments will be served in the
Armory, in (hat way doing away with
the past need to leave the dance to go
to the candy store in Palo Alto. A well
known confectioner will cater to the
dancers with an attractive menu.
Special decorative schemes, and new
features are being worked out at pres
ent by the committee in charge of the
venture, which includes P. H. Hlan
venture, which includes P. E. Blan-
Hradford, '15. With the special feat
ures that have been used at past
dances to work on, the committee ex
pects to go further to provide attrac
tive novelties.
Proceeds from the dance will swell
the traveling fund of the Hand, which
is to lie used to take the Stanford
musicians on a tour of Southern Cali
fornia during the spring vacation.
On the evening of March 7, the first
annual Hand Dance will lie given at
the Armory. Tickets will be on sale
at the Hookstore at an early date. Fif
teen instrumentalists of the Stanford
Hand, who have had experience in
playing dance music will be selected
for the occasion, and prospects are
that the new departure will be the
most effective accompaniment that has
been offered at a Stanford function.
The coining dance introduces a yearly
institution, which bids to stand among
the most pleasing entertainments given
by any campus organization.
Refreshments will be served in the
Armory, in (hat way doing away with
the past need to leave the dance to go
to the candy store in Palo Alto. A well
known confectioner will cater to the
dancers with an attractive menu.
Special decorative schemes, and new
features are being worked out at pres
ent by the committee in charge of the
venture, which includes P. H. Hlan
venture, which includes P. E. Blan-
Hradford, '15. With the special feat
ures that have been used at past
dances to work on, the committee ex
pects to go further to provide attrac
tive novelties.
Proceeds from the dance will swell
the traveling fund of the Hand, which
is to lie used to take the Stanford
musicians on a tour of Southern Cali
fornia during the spring vacation.
On the evening of March 7, the first
annual Hand Dance will lie given at
the Armory. Tickets will be on sale
at the Hookstore at an early date. Fif
teen instrumentalists of the Stanford
Hand, who have had experience in
playing dance music will be selected
for the occasion, and prospects are
that the new departure will be the
most effective accompaniment that has
been offered at a Stanford function.
The coining dance introduces a yearly
institution, which bids to stand among
the most pleasing entertainments given
by any campus organization.
Refreshments will be served in the
Armory, in (hat way doing away with
the past need to leave the dance to go
to the candy store in Palo Alto. A well
known confectioner will cater to the
dancers with an attractive menu.
Special decorative schemes, and new
features are being worked out at pres
ent by the committee in charge of the
venture, which includes P. H. Hlan
venture, which includes P. E. Blan-
Hradford, '15. With the special feat
ures that have been used at past
dances to work on, the committee ex
pects to go further to provide attrac
tive novelties.
Proceeds from the dance will swell
the traveling fund of the Hand, which
is to lie used to take the Stanford
musicians on a tour of Southern Cali
fornia during the spring vacation.
On the evening of March 7, the first
annual Hand Dance will lie given at
the Armory. Tickets will be on sale
at the Hookstore at an early date. Fif
teen instrumentalists of the Stanford
Hand, who have had experience in
playing dance music will be selected
for the occasion, and prospects are
that the new departure will be the
most effective accompaniment that has
been offered at a Stanford function.
The coining dance introduces a yearly
institution, which bids to stand among
the most pleasing entertainments given
by any campus organization.
Refreshments will be served in the
Armory, in (hat way doing away with
the past need to leave the dance to go
to the candy store in Palo Alto. A well
known confectioner will cater to the
dancers with an attractive menu.
Special decorative schemes, and new
features are being worked out at pres
ent by the committee in charge of the
venture, which includes P. H. Hlan
venture, which includes P. E. Blan-
Hradford, '15. With the special feat
ures that have been used at past
dances to work on, the committee ex
pects to go further to provide attrac
tive novelties.
Proceeds from the dance will swell
the traveling fund of the Hand, which
is to lie used to take the Stanford
musicians on a tour of Southern Cali
fornia during the spring vacation.
On the evening of March 7, the first
annual Hand Dance will lie given at
the Armory. Tickets will be on sale
at the Hookstore at an early date. Fif
teen instrumentalists of the Stanford
Hand, who have had experience in
playing dance music will be selected
for the occasion, and prospects are
that the new departure will be the
most effective accompaniment that has
been offered at a Stanford function.
The coining dance introduces a yearly
institution, which bids to stand among
the most pleasing entertainments given
by any campus organization.
Refreshments will be served in the
Armory, in (hat way doing away with
the past need to leave the dance to go
to the candy store in Palo Alto. A well
known confectioner will cater to the
dancers with an attractive menu.
Special decorative schemes, and new
features are being worked out at pres
ent by the committee in charge of the
venture, which includes P. H. Hlan
venture, which includes P. E. Blan-
Hradford, '15. With the special feat
ures that have been used at past
dances to work on, the committee ex
pects to go further to provide attrac
tive novelties.
Proceeds from the dance will swell
the traveling fund of the Hand, which
is to lie used to take the Stanford
musicians on a tour of Southern Cali
fornia during the spring vacation.
On the evening of March 7, the first
annual Hand Dance will lie given at
the Armory. Tickets will be on sale
at the Hookstore at an early date. Fif
teen instrumentalists of the Stanford
Hand, who have had experience in
playing dance music will be selected
for the occasion, and prospects are
that the new departure will be the
most effective accompaniment that has
been offered at a Stanford function.
The coining dance introduces a yearly
institution, which bids to stand among
the most pleasing entertainments given
by any campus organization.
Refreshments will be served in the
Armory, in (hat way doing away with
the past need to leave the dance to go
to the candy store in Palo Alto. A well
known confectioner will cater to the
dancers with an attractive menu.
Special decorative schemes, and new
features are being worked out at pres
ent by the committee in charge of the
venture, which includes P. H. Hlan
venture, which includes P. E. Blan-
Hradford, '15. With the special feat
ures that have been used at past
dances to work on, the committee ex
pects to go further to provide attrac
tive novelties.
Proceeds from the dance will swell
the traveling fund of the Hand, which
is to lie used to take the Stanford
musicians on a tour of Southern Cali
fornia during the spring vacation.
On the evening of March 7, the first
annual Hand Dance will lie given at
the Armory. Tickets will be on sale
at the Hookstore at an early date. Fif
teen instrumentalists of the Stanford
Hand, who have had experience in
playing dance music will be selected
for the occasion, and prospects are
that the new departure will be the
most effective accompaniment that has
been offered at a Stanford function.
The coining dance introduces a yearly
institution, which bids to stand among
the most pleasing entertainments given
by any campus organization.
Refreshments will be served in the
Armory, in (hat way doing away with
the past need to leave the dance to go
to the candy store in Palo Alto. A well
known confectioner will cater to the
dancers with an attractive menu.
Special decorative schemes, and new
features are being worked out at pres
ent by the committee in charge of the
venture, which includes P. H. Hlan
venture, which includes P. E. Blan-
Hradford, '15. With the special feat
ures that have been used at past
dances to work on, the committee ex
pects to go further to provide attrac
tive novelties.
Proceeds from the dance will swell
the traveling fund of the Hand, which
is to lie used to take the Stanford
musicians on a tour of Southern Cali
fornia during the spring vacation.
On the evening of March 7, the first
annual Hand Dance will lie given at
the Armory. Tickets will be on sale
at the Hookstore at an early date. Fif
teen instrumentalists of the Stanford
Hand, who have had experience in
playing dance music will be selected
for the occasion, and prospects are
that the new departure will be the
most effective accompaniment that has
been offered at a Stanford function.
The coining dance introduces a yearly
institution, which bids to stand among
the most pleasing entertainments given
by any campus organization.
Refreshments will be served in the
Armory, in (hat way doing away with
the past need to leave the dance to go
to the candy store in Palo Alto. A well
known confectioner will cater to the
dancers with an attractive menu.
Special decorative schemes, and new
features are being worked out at pres
ent by the committee in charge of the
venture, which includes P. H. Hlan
venture, which includes P. E. Blan-
Hradford, '15. With the special feat
ures that have been used at past
dances to work on, the committee ex
pects to go further to provide attrac
tive novelties.
Proceeds from the dance will swell
the traveling fund of the Hand, which
is to lie used to take the Stanford
musicians on a tour of Southern Cali
fornia during the spring vacation.
On the evening of March 7, the first
annual Hand Dance will lie given at
the Armory. Tickets will be on sale
at the Hookstore at an early date. Fif
teen instrumentalists of the Stanford
Hand, who have had experience in
playing dance music will be selected
for the occasion, and prospects are
that the new departure will be the
most effective accompaniment that has
been offered at a Stanford function.
The coining dance introduces a yearly
institution, which bids to stand among
the most pleasing entertainments given
by any campus organization.
Refreshments will be served in the
Armory, in (hat way doing away with
the past need to leave the dance to go
to the candy store in Palo Alto. A well
known confectioner will cater to the
dancers with an attractive menu.
Special decorative schemes, and new
features are being worked out at pres
ent by the committee in charge of the
venture, which includes P. H. Hlan
venture, which includes P. E. Blan-
Hradford, '15. With the special feat
ures that have been used at past
dances to work on, the committee ex
pects to go further to provide attrac
tive novelties.
Proceeds from the dance will swell
the traveling fund of the Hand, which
is to lie used to take the Stanford
musicians on a tour of Southern Cali
fornia during the spring vacation.
