# SOCIAL ORGANIZATION PLANNED TO FURTHER GRADUATE FRIENDSHIP
## 
### 
Organization of all the graduate stu
dents of Stanford University into a
single body, is the aim of a group of
students who are now working 011 the
problem.
The purpose of the organization will
be to promote friendship and intimacy
among the graduate students, who, be
cause of their peculiar living condi
tions here are in many cases without
acquaintances. This is especially ne
cessary this group feels in the case
of graduates who have come here from
other schools.
All graduate students attending
Stanford are invited to a meeting
Thursday evening at 7:30 o'clock in
the Women's Clubhouse, at which time
the plans for organization will take
definite shape.
Organization of all the graduate stu
dents of Stanford University into a
single body, is the aim of a group of
students who are now working 011 the
problem.
The purpose of the organization will
be to promote friendship and intimacy
among the graduate students, who, be
cause of their peculiar living condi
tions here are in many cases without
acquaintances. This is especially ne
cessary this group feels in the case
of graduates who have come here from
other schools.
All graduate students attending
Stanford are invited to a meeting
Thursday evening at 7:30 o'clock in
the Women's Clubhouse, at which time
the plans for organization will take
definite shape.
Organization of all the graduate stu
dents of Stanford University into a
single body, is the aim of a group of
students who are now working 011 the
problem.
The purpose of the organization will
be to promote friendship and intimacy
among the graduate students, who, be
cause of their peculiar living condi
tions here are in many cases without
acquaintances. This is especially ne
cessary this group feels in the case
of graduates who have come here from
other schools.
All graduate students attending
Stanford are invited to a meeting
Thursday evening at 7:30 o'clock in
the Women's Clubhouse, at which time
the plans for organization will take
definite shape.
Organization of all the graduate stu
dents of Stanford University into a
single body, is the aim of a group of
students who are now working 011 the
problem.
The purpose of the organization will
be to promote friendship and intimacy
among the graduate students, who, be
cause of their peculiar living condi
tions here are in many cases without
acquaintances. This is especially ne
cessary this group feels in the case
of graduates who have come here from
other schools.
All graduate students attending
Stanford are invited to a meeting
Thursday evening at 7:30 o'clock in
the Women's Clubhouse, at which time
the plans for organization will take
definite shape.
Organization of all the graduate stu
dents of Stanford University into a
single body, is the aim of a group of
students who are now working 011 the
problem.
The purpose of the organization will
be to promote friendship and intimacy
among the graduate students, who, be
cause of their peculiar living condi
tions here are in many cases without
acquaintances. This is especially ne
cessary this group feels in the case
of graduates who have come here from
other schools.
All graduate students attending
Stanford are invited to a meeting
Thursday evening at 7:30 o'clock in
the Women's Clubhouse, at which time
the plans for organization will take
definite shape.
Organization of all the graduate stu
dents of Stanford University into a
single body, is the aim of a group of
students who are now working 011 the
problem.
The purpose of the organization will
be to promote friendship and intimacy
among the graduate students, who, be
cause of their peculiar living condi
tions here are in many cases without
acquaintances. This is especially ne
cessary this group feels in the case
of graduates who have come here from
other schools.
All graduate students attending
Stanford are invited to a meeting
Thursday evening at 7:30 o'clock in
the Women's Clubhouse, at which time
the plans for organization will take
definite shape.
Organization of all the graduate stu
dents of Stanford University into a
single body, is the aim of a group of
students who are now working 011 the
problem.
The purpose of the organization will
be to promote friendship and intimacy
among the graduate students, who, be
cause of their peculiar living condi
tions here are in many cases without
acquaintances. This is especially ne
cessary this group feels in the case
of graduates who have come here from
other schools.
All graduate students attending
Stanford are invited to a meeting
Thursday evening at 7:30 o'clock in
the Women's Clubhouse, at which time
the plans for organization will take
definite shape.
Organization of all the graduate stu
dents of Stanford University into a
single body, is the aim of a group of
students who are now working 011 the
problem.
The purpose of the organization will
be to promote friendship and intimacy
among the graduate students, who, be
cause of their peculiar living condi
tions here are in many cases without
acquaintances. This is especially ne
cessary this group feels in the case
of graduates who have come here from
other schools.
All graduate students attending
Stanford are invited to a meeting
Thursday evening at 7:30 o'clock in
the Women's Clubhouse, at which time
the plans for organization will take
definite shape.
Organization of all the graduate stu
dents of Stanford University into a
single body, is the aim of a group of
students who are now working 011 the
problem.
The purpose of the organization will
be to promote friendship and intimacy
among the graduate students, who, be
cause of their peculiar living condi
tions here are in many cases without
acquaintances. This is especially ne
cessary this group feels in the case
of graduates who have come here from
other schools.
All graduate students attending
Stanford are invited to a meeting
Thursday evening at 7:30 o'clock in
the Women's Clubhouse, at which time
the plans for organization will take
definite shape.
Organization of all the graduate stu
dents of Stanford University into a
single body, is the aim of a group of
students who are now working 011 the
problem.
The purpose of the organization will
be to promote friendship and intimacy
among the graduate students, who, be
cause of their peculiar living condi
tions here are in many cases without
acquaintances. This is especially ne
cessary this group feels in the case
of graduates who have come here from
other schools.
All graduate students attending
Stanford are invited to a meeting
Thursday evening at 7:30 o'clock in
the Women's Clubhouse, at which time
the plans for organization will take
definite shape.
Organization of all the graduate stu
dents of Stanford University into a
single body, is the aim of a group of
students who are now working 011 the
problem.
The purpose of the organization will
be to promote friendship and intimacy
among the graduate students, who, be
cause of their peculiar living condi
tions here are in many cases without
acquaintances. This is especially ne
cessary this group feels in the case
of graduates who have come here from
other schools.
All graduate students attending
Stanford are invited to a meeting
Thursday evening at 7:30 o'clock in
the Women's Clubhouse, at which time
the plans for organization will take
definite shape.
Organization of all the graduate stu
dents of Stanford University into a
single body, is the aim of a group of
students who are now working 011 the
problem.
The purpose of the organization will
be to promote friendship and intimacy
among the graduate students, who, be
cause of their peculiar living condi
tions here are in many cases without
acquaintances. This is especially ne
cessary this group feels in the case
of graduates who have come here from
other schools.
All graduate students attending
Stanford are invited to a meeting
Thursday evening at 7:30 o'clock in
the Women's Clubhouse, at which time
the plans for organization will take
definite shape.
Organization of all the graduate stu
dents of Stanford University into a
single body, is the aim of a group of
students who are now working 011 the
problem.
The purpose of the organization will
be to promote friendship and intimacy
among the graduate students, who, be
cause of their peculiar living condi
tions here are in many cases without
acquaintances. This is especially ne
cessary this group feels in the case
of graduates who have come here from
other schools.
All graduate students attending
Stanford are invited to a meeting
Thursday evening at 7:30 o'clock in
the Women's Clubhouse, at which time
the plans for organization will take
definite shape.
Organization of all the graduate stu
dents of Stanford University into a
single body, is the aim of a group of
students who are now working 011 the
problem.
The purpose of the organization will
be to promote friendship and intimacy
among the graduate students, who, be
cause of their peculiar living condi
tions here are in many cases without
acquaintances. This is especially ne
cessary this group feels in the case
of graduates who have come here from
other schools.
All graduate students attending
Stanford are invited to a meeting
Thursday evening at 7:30 o'clock in
the Women's Clubhouse, at which time
the plans for organization will take
definite shape.
Organization of all the graduate stu
dents of Stanford University into a
single body, is the aim of a group of
students who are now working 011 the
problem.
The purpose of the organization will
be to promote friendship and intimacy
among the graduate students, who, be
cause of their peculiar living condi
tions here are in many cases without
acquaintances. This is especially ne
cessary this group feels in the case
of graduates who have come here from
other schools.
All graduate students attending
Stanford are invited to a meeting
Thursday evening at 7:30 o'clock in
the Women's Clubhouse, at which time
the plans for organization will take
definite shape.
