# BRAUN APPOINTED TO FRAME ARTUS PETITION
## 
### 
At a recent meeting of graduate stu
dents of the Department of Economies,
Elmer W. Braun was appointed as a
committee of one to confer further
with representatives of the chapter of
Art us, honorary economics fraternity,
now existent at ttie University of
California. Mr. Braun will prepare a
petition requesting the installation of
Artus at Stanford as soon as a pre
liminary plan for a local organization
is formulated.
At a recent meeting of graduate stu
dents of the Department of Economies,
Elmer W. Braun was appointed as a
committee of one to confer further
with representatives of the chapter of
Art us, honorary economics fraternity,
now existent at ttie University of
California. Mr. Braun will prepare a
petition requesting the installation of
Artus at Stanford as soon as a pre
liminary plan for a local organization
is formulated.
At a recent meeting of graduate stu
dents of the Department of Economies,
Elmer W. Braun was appointed as a
committee of one to confer further
with representatives of the chapter of
Art us, honorary economics fraternity,
now existent at ttie University of
California. Mr. Braun will prepare a
petition requesting the installation of
Artus at Stanford as soon as a pre
liminary plan for a local organization
is formulated.
At a recent meeting of graduate stu
dents of the Department of Economies,
Elmer W. Braun was appointed as a
committee of one to confer further
with representatives of the chapter of
Art us, honorary economics fraternity,
now existent at ttie University of
California. Mr. Braun will prepare a
petition requesting the installation of
Artus at Stanford as soon as a pre
liminary plan for a local organization
is formulated.
At a recent meeting of graduate stu
dents of the Department of Economies,
Elmer W. Braun was appointed as a
committee of one to confer further
with representatives of the chapter of
Art us, honorary economics fraternity,
now existent at ttie University of
California. Mr. Braun will prepare a
petition requesting the installation of
Artus at Stanford as soon as a pre
liminary plan for a local organization
is formulated.
At a recent meeting of graduate stu
dents of the Department of Economies,
Elmer W. Braun was appointed as a
committee of one to confer further
with representatives of the chapter of
Art us, honorary economics fraternity,
now existent at ttie University of
California. Mr. Braun will prepare a
petition requesting the installation of
Artus at Stanford as soon as a pre
liminary plan for a local organization
is formulated.
At a recent meeting of graduate stu
dents of the Department of Economies,
Elmer W. Braun was appointed as a
committee of one to confer further
with representatives of the chapter of
Art us, honorary economics fraternity,
now existent at ttie University of
California. Mr. Braun will prepare a
petition requesting the installation of
Artus at Stanford as soon as a pre
liminary plan for a local organization
is formulated.
At a recent meeting of graduate stu
dents of the Department of Economies,
Elmer W. Braun was appointed as a
committee of one to confer further
with representatives of the chapter of
Art us, honorary economics fraternity,
now existent at ttie University of
California. Mr. Braun will prepare a
petition requesting the installation of
Artus at Stanford as soon as a pre
liminary plan for a local organization
is formulated.
At a recent meeting of graduate stu
dents of the Department of Economies,
Elmer W. Braun was appointed as a
committee of one to confer further
with representatives of the chapter of
Art us, honorary economics fraternity,
now existent at ttie University of
California. Mr. Braun will prepare a
petition requesting the installation of
Artus at Stanford as soon as a pre
liminary plan for a local organization
is formulated.
At a recent meeting of graduate stu
dents of the Department of Economies,
Elmer W. Braun was appointed as a
committee of one to confer further
with representatives of the chapter of
Art us, honorary economics fraternity,
now existent at ttie University of
California. Mr. Braun will prepare a
petition requesting the installation of
Artus at Stanford as soon as a pre
liminary plan for a local organization
is formulated.
At a recent meeting of graduate stu
dents of the Department of Economies,
Elmer W. Braun was appointed as a
committee of one to confer further
with representatives of the chapter of
Art us, honorary economics fraternity,
now existent at ttie University of
California. Mr. Braun will prepare a
petition requesting the installation of
Artus at Stanford as soon as a pre
liminary plan for a local organization
is formulated.
At a recent meeting of graduate stu
dents of the Department of Economies,
Elmer W. Braun was appointed as a
committee of one to confer further
with representatives of the chapter of
Art us, honorary economics fraternity,
now existent at ttie University of
California. Mr. Braun will prepare a
petition requesting the installation of
Artus at Stanford as soon as a pre
liminary plan for a local organization
is formulated.
At a recent meeting of graduate stu
dents of the Department of Economies,
Elmer W. Braun was appointed as a
committee of one to confer further
with representatives of the chapter of
Art us, honorary economics fraternity,
now existent at ttie University of
California. Mr. Braun will prepare a
petition requesting the installation of
Artus at Stanford as soon as a pre
liminary plan for a local organization
is formulated.
At a recent meeting of graduate stu
dents of the Department of Economies,
Elmer W. Braun was appointed as a
committee of one to confer further
with representatives of the chapter of
Art us, honorary economics fraternity,
now existent at ttie University of
California. Mr. Braun will prepare a
petition requesting the installation of
Artus at Stanford as soon as a pre
liminary plan for a local organization
is formulated.
At a recent meeting of graduate stu
dents of the Department of Economies,
Elmer W. Braun was appointed as a
committee of one to confer further
with representatives of the chapter of
Art us, honorary economics fraternity,
now existent at ttie University of
California. Mr. Braun will prepare a
petition requesting the installation of
Artus at Stanford as soon as a pre
liminary plan for a local organization
is formulated.
