# Vaccination Fines Near
## 
### 
The Registrar's Office has an
nounced that the vaccination
deadline for all new students is
Tuesday, October 25. If a vacci
nation certificate is not filed by
November 1, a two-dollar fine will
be incurred. Students who do not
comply with this requirement risk
cancellation of their registration.
The Registrar's Office has an
nounced that the vaccination
deadline for all new students is
Tuesday, October 25. If a vacci
nation certificate is not filed by
November 1, a two-dollar fine will
be incurred. Students who do not
comply with this requirement risk
cancellation of their registration.
The Registrar's Office has an
nounced that the vaccination
deadline for all new students is
Tuesday, October 25. If a vacci
nation certificate is not filed by
November 1, a two-dollar fine will
be incurred. Students who do not
comply with this requirement risk
cancellation of their registration.
The Registrar's Office has an
nounced that the vaccination
deadline for all new students is
Tuesday, October 25. If a vacci
nation certificate is not filed by
November 1, a two-dollar fine will
be incurred. Students who do not
comply with this requirement risk
cancellation of their registration.
The Registrar's Office has an
nounced that the vaccination
deadline for all new students is
Tuesday, October 25. If a vacci
nation certificate is not filed by
November 1, a two-dollar fine will
be incurred. Students who do not
comply with this requirement risk
cancellation of their registration.
The Registrar's Office has an
nounced that the vaccination
deadline for all new students is
Tuesday, October 25. If a vacci
nation certificate is not filed by
November 1, a two-dollar fine will
be incurred. Students who do not
comply with this requirement risk
cancellation of their registration.
The Registrar's Office has an
nounced that the vaccination
deadline for all new students is
Tuesday, October 25. If a vacci
nation certificate is not filed by
November 1, a two-dollar fine will
be incurred. Students who do not
comply with this requirement risk
cancellation of their registration.
The Registrar's Office has an
nounced that the vaccination
deadline for all new students is
Tuesday, October 25. If a vacci
nation certificate is not filed by
November 1, a two-dollar fine will
be incurred. Students who do not
comply with this requirement risk
cancellation of their registration.
The Registrar's Office has an
nounced that the vaccination
deadline for all new students is
Tuesday, October 25. If a vacci
nation certificate is not filed by
November 1, a two-dollar fine will
be incurred. Students who do not
comply with this requirement risk
cancellation of their registration.
The Registrar's Office has an
nounced that the vaccination
deadline for all new students is
Tuesday, October 25. If a vacci
nation certificate is not filed by
November 1, a two-dollar fine will
be incurred. Students who do not
comply with this requirement risk
cancellation of their registration.
The Registrar's Office has an
nounced that the vaccination
deadline for all new students is
Tuesday, October 25. If a vacci
nation certificate is not filed by
November 1, a two-dollar fine will
be incurred. Students who do not
comply with this requirement risk
cancellation of their registration.
The Registrar's Office has an
nounced that the vaccination
deadline for all new students is
Tuesday, October 25. If a vacci
nation certificate is not filed by
November 1, a two-dollar fine will
be incurred. Students who do not
comply with this requirement risk
cancellation of their registration.
The Registrar's Office has an
nounced that the vaccination
deadline for all new students is
Tuesday, October 25. If a vacci
nation certificate is not filed by
November 1, a two-dollar fine will
be incurred. Students who do not
comply with this requirement risk
cancellation of their registration.
The Registrar's Office has an
nounced that the vaccination
deadline for all new students is
Tuesday, October 25. If a vacci
nation certificate is not filed by
November 1, a two-dollar fine will
be incurred. Students who do not
comply with this requirement risk
cancellation of their registration.
The Registrar's Office has an
nounced that the vaccination
deadline for all new students is
Tuesday, October 25. If a vacci
nation certificate is not filed by
November 1, a two-dollar fine will
be incurred. Students who do not
comply with this requirement risk
cancellation of their registration.
The Registrar's Office has an
nounced that the vaccination
deadline for all new students is
Tuesday, October 25. If a vacci
nation certificate is not filed by
November 1, a two-dollar fine will
be incurred. Students who do not
comply with this requirement risk
cancellation of their registration.
The Registrar's Office has an
nounced that the vaccination
deadline for all new students is
Tuesday, October 25. If a vacci
nation certificate is not filed by
November 1, a two-dollar fine will
be incurred. Students who do not
comply with this requirement risk
cancellation of their registration.
The Registrar's Office has an
nounced that the vaccination
deadline for all new students is
Tuesday, October 25. If a vacci
nation certificate is not filed by
November 1, a two-dollar fine will
be incurred. Students who do not
comply with this requirement risk
cancellation of their registration.
