# Final Banquet of Euphronia Society to Be Held June 4
## 
### 
Euphronia debating society will hold
its final banquet of the year Thursday
at G o'clock in the banquet-room of the
Stanford Union.
Officers for fall quarter will be
elected and reports of all present of
ficers will be made. Talks will be
given by Professor L. E. Bassett, and
by a student member of the club. W. L.
Gosslin, who has been president for
the past two quarters, will speak on
the progress of the society during this
time.
All new members of the society are
expected to be present, and old mem
bers &re urged to attend. Tickets may
be procured from W. L. Gosslin, presi
dent of the society, or G. M. Crocker,
H. W. Peterson, and J A. Leiter.
Euphronia debating society will hold
its final banquet of the year Thursday
at G o'clock in the banquet-room of the
Stanford Union.
Officers for fall quarter will be
elected and reports of all present of
ficers will be made. Talks will be
given by Professor L. E. Bassett, and
by a student member of the club. W. L.
Gosslin, who has been president for
the past two quarters, will speak on
the progress of the society during this
time.
All new members of the society are
expected to be present, and old mem
bers &re urged to attend. Tickets may
be procured from W. L. Gosslin, presi
dent of the society, or G. M. Crocker,
H. W. Peterson, and J A. Leiter.
Euphronia debating society will hold
its final banquet of the year Thursday
at G o'clock in the banquet-room of the
Stanford Union.
Officers for fall quarter will be
elected and reports of all present of
ficers will be made. Talks will be
given by Professor L. E. Bassett, and
by a student member of the club. W. L.
Gosslin, who has been president for
the past two quarters, will speak on
the progress of the society during this
time.
All new members of the society are
expected to be present, and old mem
bers &re urged to attend. Tickets may
be procured from W. L. Gosslin, presi
dent of the society, or G. M. Crocker,
H. W. Peterson, and J A. Leiter.
Euphronia debating society will hold
its final banquet of the year Thursday
at G o'clock in the banquet-room of the
Stanford Union.
Officers for fall quarter will be
elected and reports of all present of
ficers will be made. Talks will be
given by Professor L. E. Bassett, and
by a student member of the club. W. L.
Gosslin, who has been president for
the past two quarters, will speak on
the progress of the society during this
time.
All new members of the society are
expected to be present, and old mem
bers &re urged to attend. Tickets may
be procured from W. L. Gosslin, presi
dent of the society, or G. M. Crocker,
H. W. Peterson, and J A. Leiter.
Euphronia debating society will hold
its final banquet of the year Thursday
at G o'clock in the banquet-room of the
Stanford Union.
Officers for fall quarter will be
elected and reports of all present of
ficers will be made. Talks will be
given by Professor L. E. Bassett, and
by a student member of the club. W. L.
Gosslin, who has been president for
the past two quarters, will speak on
the progress of the society during this
time.
All new members of the society are
expected to be present, and old mem
bers &re urged to attend. Tickets may
be procured from W. L. Gosslin, presi
dent of the society, or G. M. Crocker,
H. W. Peterson, and J A. Leiter.
Euphronia debating society will hold
its final banquet of the year Thursday
at G o'clock in the banquet-room of the
Stanford Union.
Officers for fall quarter will be
elected and reports of all present of
ficers will be made. Talks will be
given by Professor L. E. Bassett, and
by a student member of the club. W. L.
Gosslin, who has been president for
the past two quarters, will speak on
the progress of the society during this
time.
All new members of the society are
expected to be present, and old mem
bers &re urged to attend. Tickets may
be procured from W. L. Gosslin, presi
dent of the society, or G. M. Crocker,
H. W. Peterson, and J A. Leiter.
Euphronia debating society will hold
its final banquet of the year Thursday
at G o'clock in the banquet-room of the
Stanford Union.
Officers for fall quarter will be
elected and reports of all present of
ficers will be made. Talks will be
given by Professor L. E. Bassett, and
by a student member of the club. W. L.
Gosslin, who has been president for
the past two quarters, will speak on
the progress of the society during this
time.
All new members of the society are
expected to be present, and old mem
bers &re urged to attend. Tickets may
be procured from W. L. Gosslin, presi
dent of the society, or G. M. Crocker,
H. W. Peterson, and J A. Leiter.
Euphronia debating society will hold
its final banquet of the year Thursday
at G o'clock in the banquet-room of the
Stanford Union.
Officers for fall quarter will be
elected and reports of all present of
ficers will be made. Talks will be
given by Professor L. E. Bassett, and
by a student member of the club. W. L.
Gosslin, who has been president for
the past two quarters, will speak on
the progress of the society during this
time.
All new members of the society are
expected to be present, and old mem
bers &re urged to attend. Tickets may
be procured from W. L. Gosslin, presi
dent of the society, or G. M. Crocker,
H. W. Peterson, and J A. Leiter.
Euphronia debating society will hold
its final banquet of the year Thursday
at G o'clock in the banquet-room of the
Stanford Union.
Officers for fall quarter will be
elected and reports of all present of
ficers will be made. Talks will be
given by Professor L. E. Bassett, and
by a student member of the club. W. L.
Gosslin, who has been president for
the past two quarters, will speak on
the progress of the society during this
time.
All new members of the society are
expected to be present, and old mem
bers &re urged to attend. Tickets may
be procured from W. L. Gosslin, presi
dent of the society, or G. M. Crocker,
H. W. Peterson, and J A. Leiter.
Euphronia debating society will hold
its final banquet of the year Thursday
at G o'clock in the banquet-room of the
Stanford Union.
Officers for fall quarter will be
elected and reports of all present of
ficers will be made. Talks will be
given by Professor L. E. Bassett, and
by a student member of the club. W. L.
Gosslin, who has been president for
the past two quarters, will speak on
the progress of the society during this
time.
All new members of the society are
expected to be present, and old mem
bers &re urged to attend. Tickets may
be procured from W. L. Gosslin, presi
dent of the society, or G. M. Crocker,
H. W. Peterson, and J A. Leiter.
Euphronia debating society will hold
its final banquet of the year Thursday
at G o'clock in the banquet-room of the
Stanford Union.
Officers for fall quarter will be
elected and reports of all present of
ficers will be made. Talks will be
given by Professor L. E. Bassett, and
by a student member of the club. W. L.
Gosslin, who has been president for
the past two quarters, will speak on
the progress of the society during this
time.
All new members of the society are
expected to be present, and old mem
bers &re urged to attend. Tickets may
be procured from W. L. Gosslin, presi
dent of the society, or G. M. Crocker,
H. W. Peterson, and J A. Leiter.
Euphronia debating society will hold
its final banquet of the year Thursday
at G o'clock in the banquet-room of the
Stanford Union.
Officers for fall quarter will be
elected and reports of all present of
ficers will be made. Talks will be
given by Professor L. E. Bassett, and
by a student member of the club. W. L.
Gosslin, who has been president for
the past two quarters, will speak on
the progress of the society during this
time.
All new members of the society are
expected to be present, and old mem
bers &re urged to attend. Tickets may
be procured from W. L. Gosslin, presi
dent of the society, or G. M. Crocker,
H. W. Peterson, and J A. Leiter.
Euphronia debating society will hold
its final banquet of the year Thursday
at G o'clock in the banquet-room of the
Stanford Union.
Officers for fall quarter will be
elected and reports of all present of
ficers will be made. Talks will be
given by Professor L. E. Bassett, and
by a student member of the club. W. L.
Gosslin, who has been president for
the past two quarters, will speak on
the progress of the society during this
time.
All new members of the society are
expected to be present, and old mem
bers &re urged to attend. Tickets may
be procured from W. L. Gosslin, presi
dent of the society, or G. M. Crocker,
H. W. Peterson, and J A. Leiter.
Euphronia debating society will hold
its final banquet of the year Thursday
at G o'clock in the banquet-room of the
Stanford Union.
Officers for fall quarter will be
elected and reports of all present of
ficers will be made. Talks will be
given by Professor L. E. Bassett, and
by a student member of the club. W. L.
Gosslin, who has been president for
the past two quarters, will speak on
the progress of the society during this
time.
All new members of the society are
expected to be present, and old mem
bers &re urged to attend. Tickets may
be procured from W. L. Gosslin, presi
dent of the society, or G. M. Crocker,
H. W. Peterson, and J A. Leiter.
Euphronia debating society will hold
its final banquet of the year Thursday
at G o'clock in the banquet-room of the
Stanford Union.
Officers for fall quarter will be
elected and reports of all present of
ficers will be made. Talks will be
given by Professor L. E. Bassett, and
by a student member of the club. W. L.
Gosslin, who has been president for
the past two quarters, will speak on
the progress of the society during this
time.
All new members of the society are
expected to be present, and old mem
bers &re urged to attend. Tickets may
be procured from W. L. Gosslin, presi
dent of the society, or G. M. Crocker,
H. W. Peterson, and J A. Leiter.
