# DRAMATIC CRITIC TO DISCUSS SHERIDAN
## 
### 
"Sheridan, His Plays and Place in the
Theater," will be the subject of an ad
dress by Clayton Hamilton at 4:15 Thurs
day afternoon in the Little Theatre.
Hamilton is the author of several books,
a dramatic critic, and former instructor
in English at Columbia University.
Among the plays that will be discussed
are "The Rivals," Sheridan's first com
edy ; "The Duenna," a comic opera, and
his later plays "The School for Scandal''
and "The Critic."
"Sheridan, His Plays and Place in the
Theater," will be the subject of an ad
dress by Clayton Hamilton at 4:15 Thurs
day afternoon in the Little Theatre.
Hamilton is the author of several books,
a dramatic critic, and former instructor
in English at Columbia University.
Among the plays that will be discussed
are "The Rivals," Sheridan's first com
edy ; "The Duenna," a comic opera, and
his later plays "The School for Scandal''
and "The Critic."
"Sheridan, His Plays and Place in the
Theater," will be the subject of an ad
dress by Clayton Hamilton at 4:15 Thurs
day afternoon in the Little Theatre.
Hamilton is the author of several books,
a dramatic critic, and former instructor
in English at Columbia University.
Among the plays that will be discussed
are "The Rivals," Sheridan's first com
edy ; "The Duenna," a comic opera, and
his later plays "The School for Scandal''
and "The Critic."
"Sheridan, His Plays and Place in the
Theater," will be the subject of an ad
dress by Clayton Hamilton at 4:15 Thurs
day afternoon in the Little Theatre.
Hamilton is the author of several books,
a dramatic critic, and former instructor
in English at Columbia University.
Among the plays that will be discussed
are "The Rivals," Sheridan's first com
edy ; "The Duenna," a comic opera, and
his later plays "The School for Scandal''
and "The Critic."
"Sheridan, His Plays and Place in the
Theater," will be the subject of an ad
dress by Clayton Hamilton at 4:15 Thurs
day afternoon in the Little Theatre.
Hamilton is the author of several books,
a dramatic critic, and former instructor
in English at Columbia University.
Among the plays that will be discussed
are "The Rivals," Sheridan's first com
edy ; "The Duenna," a comic opera, and
his later plays "The School for Scandal''
and "The Critic."
"Sheridan, His Plays and Place in the
Theater," will be the subject of an ad
dress by Clayton Hamilton at 4:15 Thurs
day afternoon in the Little Theatre.
Hamilton is the author of several books,
a dramatic critic, and former instructor
in English at Columbia University.
Among the plays that will be discussed
are "The Rivals," Sheridan's first com
edy ; "The Duenna," a comic opera, and
his later plays "The School for Scandal''
and "The Critic."
"Sheridan, His Plays and Place in the
Theater," will be the subject of an ad
dress by Clayton Hamilton at 4:15 Thurs
day afternoon in the Little Theatre.
Hamilton is the author of several books,
a dramatic critic, and former instructor
in English at Columbia University.
Among the plays that will be discussed
are "The Rivals," Sheridan's first com
edy ; "The Duenna," a comic opera, and
his later plays "The School for Scandal''
and "The Critic."
"Sheridan, His Plays and Place in the
Theater," will be the subject of an ad
dress by Clayton Hamilton at 4:15 Thurs
day afternoon in the Little Theatre.
Hamilton is the author of several books,
a dramatic critic, and former instructor
in English at Columbia University.
Among the plays that will be discussed
are "The Rivals," Sheridan's first com
edy ; "The Duenna," a comic opera, and
his later plays "The School for Scandal''
and "The Critic."
"Sheridan, His Plays and Place in the
Theater," will be the subject of an ad
dress by Clayton Hamilton at 4:15 Thurs
day afternoon in the Little Theatre.
Hamilton is the author of several books,
a dramatic critic, and former instructor
in English at Columbia University.
Among the plays that will be discussed
are "The Rivals," Sheridan's first com
edy ; "The Duenna," a comic opera, and
his later plays "The School for Scandal''
and "The Critic."
"Sheridan, His Plays and Place in the
Theater," will be the subject of an ad
dress by Clayton Hamilton at 4:15 Thurs
day afternoon in the Little Theatre.
Hamilton is the author of several books,
a dramatic critic, and former instructor
in English at Columbia University.
Among the plays that will be discussed
are "The Rivals," Sheridan's first com
edy ; "The Duenna," a comic opera, and
his later plays "The School for Scandal''
and "The Critic."
"Sheridan, His Plays and Place in the
Theater," will be the subject of an ad
dress by Clayton Hamilton at 4:15 Thurs
day afternoon in the Little Theatre.
Hamilton is the author of several books,
a dramatic critic, and former instructor
in English at Columbia University.
Among the plays that will be discussed
are "The Rivals," Sheridan's first com
edy ; "The Duenna," a comic opera, and
his later plays "The School for Scandal''
and "The Critic."
"Sheridan, His Plays and Place in the
Theater," will be the subject of an ad
dress by Clayton Hamilton at 4:15 Thurs
day afternoon in the Little Theatre.
Hamilton is the author of several books,
a dramatic critic, and former instructor
in English at Columbia University.
Among the plays that will be discussed
are "The Rivals," Sheridan's first com
edy ; "The Duenna," a comic opera, and
his later plays "The School for Scandal''
and "The Critic."
"Sheridan, His Plays and Place in the
Theater," will be the subject of an ad
dress by Clayton Hamilton at 4:15 Thurs
day afternoon in the Little Theatre.
Hamilton is the author of several books,
a dramatic critic, and former instructor
in English at Columbia University.
Among the plays that will be discussed
are "The Rivals," Sheridan's first com
edy ; "The Duenna," a comic opera, and
his later plays "The School for Scandal''
and "The Critic."
"Sheridan, His Plays and Place in the
Theater," will be the subject of an ad
dress by Clayton Hamilton at 4:15 Thurs
day afternoon in the Little Theatre.
Hamilton is the author of several books,
a dramatic critic, and former instructor
in English at Columbia University.
Among the plays that will be discussed
are "The Rivals," Sheridan's first com
edy ; "The Duenna," a comic opera, and
his later plays "The School for Scandal''
and "The Critic."
"Sheridan, His Plays and Place in the
Theater," will be the subject of an ad
dress by Clayton Hamilton at 4:15 Thurs
day afternoon in the Little Theatre.
Hamilton is the author of several books,
a dramatic critic, and former instructor
in English at Columbia University.
Among the plays that will be discussed
are "The Rivals," Sheridan's first com
edy ; "The Duenna," a comic opera, and
his later plays "The School for Scandal''
and "The Critic."
