# Inter-Faith Group To Meet Sunday
## 
### 
Organized to promote co-opera
tion among all campus religious
groups, the initial meeting of the
Inter-Faith Council is scheduled for
I o'clock Sunday, Oct. 1, in the Un
ion Nitery.
According to Lynn Polin, student
organizer, the get-together is open
to all students, and representatives
of any religious faith or fellowship
groups arc invited to attend.
Organized to promote co-opera
tion among all campus religious
groups, the initial meeting of the
Inter-Faith Council is scheduled for
I o'clock Sunday, Oct. 1, in the Un
ion Nitery.
According to Lynn Polin, student
organizer, the get-together is open
to all students, and representatives
of any religious faith or fellowship
groups arc invited to attend.
Organized to promote co-opera
tion among all campus religious
groups, the initial meeting of the
Inter-Faith Council is scheduled for
I o'clock Sunday, Oct. 1, in the Un
ion Nitery.
According to Lynn Polin, student
organizer, the get-together is open
to all students, and representatives
of any religious faith or fellowship
groups arc invited to attend.
Organized to promote co-opera
tion among all campus religious
groups, the initial meeting of the
Inter-Faith Council is scheduled for
I o'clock Sunday, Oct. 1, in the Un
ion Nitery.
According to Lynn Polin, student
organizer, the get-together is open
to all students, and representatives
of any religious faith or fellowship
groups arc invited to attend.
Organized to promote co-opera
tion among all campus religious
groups, the initial meeting of the
Inter-Faith Council is scheduled for
I o'clock Sunday, Oct. 1, in the Un
ion Nitery.
According to Lynn Polin, student
organizer, the get-together is open
to all students, and representatives
of any religious faith or fellowship
groups arc invited to attend.
Organized to promote co-opera
tion among all campus religious
groups, the initial meeting of the
Inter-Faith Council is scheduled for
I o'clock Sunday, Oct. 1, in the Un
ion Nitery.
According to Lynn Polin, student
organizer, the get-together is open
to all students, and representatives
of any religious faith or fellowship
groups arc invited to attend.
Organized to promote co-opera
tion among all campus religious
groups, the initial meeting of the
Inter-Faith Council is scheduled for
I o'clock Sunday, Oct. 1, in the Un
ion Nitery.
According to Lynn Polin, student
organizer, the get-together is open
to all students, and representatives
of any religious faith or fellowship
groups arc invited to attend.
Organized to promote co-opera
tion among all campus religious
groups, the initial meeting of the
Inter-Faith Council is scheduled for
I o'clock Sunday, Oct. 1, in the Un
ion Nitery.
According to Lynn Polin, student
organizer, the get-together is open
to all students, and representatives
of any religious faith or fellowship
groups arc invited to attend.
Organized to promote co-opera
tion among all campus religious
groups, the initial meeting of the
Inter-Faith Council is scheduled for
I o'clock Sunday, Oct. 1, in the Un
ion Nitery.
According to Lynn Polin, student
organizer, the get-together is open
to all students, and representatives
of any religious faith or fellowship
groups arc invited to attend.
Organized to promote co-opera
tion among all campus religious
groups, the initial meeting of the
Inter-Faith Council is scheduled for
I o'clock Sunday, Oct. 1, in the Un
ion Nitery.
According to Lynn Polin, student
organizer, the get-together is open
to all students, and representatives
of any religious faith or fellowship
groups arc invited to attend.
Organized to promote co-opera
tion among all campus religious
groups, the initial meeting of the
Inter-Faith Council is scheduled for
I o'clock Sunday, Oct. 1, in the Un
ion Nitery.
According to Lynn Polin, student
organizer, the get-together is open
to all students, and representatives
of any religious faith or fellowship
groups arc invited to attend.
Organized to promote co-opera
tion among all campus religious
groups, the initial meeting of the
Inter-Faith Council is scheduled for
I o'clock Sunday, Oct. 1, in the Un
ion Nitery.
According to Lynn Polin, student
organizer, the get-together is open
to all students, and representatives
of any religious faith or fellowship
groups arc invited to attend.
Organized to promote co-opera
tion among all campus religious
groups, the initial meeting of the
Inter-Faith Council is scheduled for
I o'clock Sunday, Oct. 1, in the Un
ion Nitery.
According to Lynn Polin, student
organizer, the get-together is open
to all students, and representatives
of any religious faith or fellowship
groups arc invited to attend.
Organized to promote co-opera
tion among all campus religious
groups, the initial meeting of the
Inter-Faith Council is scheduled for
I o'clock Sunday, Oct. 1, in the Un
ion Nitery.
According to Lynn Polin, student
organizer, the get-together is open
to all students, and representatives
of any religious faith or fellowship
groups arc invited to attend.
Organized to promote co-opera
tion among all campus religious
groups, the initial meeting of the
Inter-Faith Council is scheduled for
I o'clock Sunday, Oct. 1, in the Un
ion Nitery.
According to Lynn Polin, student
organizer, the get-together is open
to all students, and representatives
of any religious faith or fellowship
groups arc invited to attend.
Organized to promote co-opera
tion among all campus religious
groups, the initial meeting of the
Inter-Faith Council is scheduled for
I o'clock Sunday, Oct. 1, in the Un
ion Nitery.
According to Lynn Polin, student
organizer, the get-together is open
to all students, and representatives
of any religious faith or fellowship
groups arc invited to attend.
