# The 						Stanford Daily SPORTS
## Yanks Sign for the Fans 
### 

RED ROLFE, THIRD BASEMAN, and Catcher Bill Dickey are shown
autographing a flock of new baseballs which will be given lucky World
Series fans. The Yankees cinched the American League flag more than
two weeks ago.

RED ROLFE, THIRD BASEMAN, and Catcher Bill Dickey are shown
autographing a flock of new baseballs which will be given lucky World
Series fans. The Yankees cinched the American League flag more than
two weeks ago.

RED ROLFE, THIRD BASEMAN, and Catcher Bill Dickey are shown
autographing a flock of new baseballs which will be given lucky World
Series fans. The Yankees cinched the American League flag more than
two weeks ago.

RED ROLFE, THIRD BASEMAN, and Catcher Bill Dickey are shown
autographing a flock of new baseballs which will be given lucky World
Series fans. The Yankees cinched the American League flag more than
two weeks ago.

RED ROLFE, THIRD BASEMAN, and Catcher Bill Dickey are shown
autographing a flock of new baseballs which will be given lucky World
Series fans. The Yankees cinched the American League flag more than
two weeks ago.

RED ROLFE, THIRD BASEMAN, and Catcher Bill Dickey are shown
autographing a flock of new baseballs which will be given lucky World
Series fans. The Yankees cinched the American League flag more than
two weeks ago.

RED ROLFE, THIRD BASEMAN, and Catcher Bill Dickey are shown
autographing a flock of new baseballs which will be given lucky World
Series fans. The Yankees cinched the American League flag more than
two weeks ago.

RED ROLFE, THIRD BASEMAN, and Catcher Bill Dickey are shown
autographing a flock of new baseballs which will be given lucky World
Series fans. The Yankees cinched the American League flag more than
two weeks ago.

RED ROLFE, THIRD BASEMAN, and Catcher Bill Dickey are shown
autographing a flock of new baseballs which will be given lucky World
Series fans. The Yankees cinched the American League flag more than
two weeks ago.

RED ROLFE, THIRD BASEMAN, and Catcher Bill Dickey are shown
autographing a flock of new baseballs which will be given lucky World
Series fans. The Yankees cinched the American League flag more than
two weeks ago.

RED ROLFE, THIRD BASEMAN, and Catcher Bill Dickey are shown
autographing a flock of new baseballs which will be given lucky World
Series fans. The Yankees cinched the American League flag more than
two weeks ago.

RED ROLFE, THIRD BASEMAN, and Catcher Bill Dickey are shown
autographing a flock of new baseballs which will be given lucky World
Series fans. The Yankees cinched the American League flag more than
two weeks ago.

RED ROLFE, THIRD BASEMAN, and Catcher Bill Dickey are shown
autographing a flock of new baseballs which will be given lucky World
Series fans. The Yankees cinched the American League flag more than
two weeks ago.

RED ROLFE, THIRD BASEMAN, and Catcher Bill Dickey are shown
autographing a flock of new baseballs which will be given lucky World
Series fans. The Yankees cinched the American League flag more than
two weeks ago.

RED ROLFE, THIRD BASEMAN, and Catcher Bill Dickey are shown
autographing a flock of new baseballs which will be given lucky World
Series fans. The Yankees cinched the American League flag more than
two weeks ago.

RED ROLFE, THIRD BASEMAN, and Catcher Bill Dickey are shown
autographing a flock of new baseballs which will be given lucky World
Series fans. The Yankees cinched the American League flag more than
two weeks ago.
