# Sophomore Fight Managers Wanted
## 
### 
Second-year men, interested in
trying out for sophomore boxing
manager, will meet with Karnig
Kenchelian at the B.A.C. boxing
desk at 4 o'clock this afternoon.
Managers will be given gym credit
and will have an opportunity to
travel v/ith the team during the
winter and spring quarters.
Second-year men, interested in
trying out for sophomore boxing
manager, will meet with Karnig
Kenchelian at the B.A.C. boxing
desk at 4 o'clock this afternoon.
Managers will be given gym credit
and will have an opportunity to
travel v/ith the team during the
winter and spring quarters.
Second-year men, interested in
trying out for sophomore boxing
manager, will meet with Karnig
Kenchelian at the B.A.C. boxing
desk at 4 o'clock this afternoon.
Managers will be given gym credit
and will have an opportunity to
travel v/ith the team during the
winter and spring quarters.
Second-year men, interested in
trying out for sophomore boxing
manager, will meet with Karnig
Kenchelian at the B.A.C. boxing
desk at 4 o'clock this afternoon.
Managers will be given gym credit
and will have an opportunity to
travel v/ith the team during the
winter and spring quarters.
Second-year men, interested in
trying out for sophomore boxing
manager, will meet with Karnig
Kenchelian at the B.A.C. boxing
desk at 4 o'clock this afternoon.
Managers will be given gym credit
and will have an opportunity to
travel v/ith the team during the
winter and spring quarters.
Second-year men, interested in
trying out for sophomore boxing
manager, will meet with Karnig
Kenchelian at the B.A.C. boxing
desk at 4 o'clock this afternoon.
Managers will be given gym credit
and will have an opportunity to
travel v/ith the team during the
winter and spring quarters.
Second-year men, interested in
trying out for sophomore boxing
manager, will meet with Karnig
Kenchelian at the B.A.C. boxing
desk at 4 o'clock this afternoon.
Managers will be given gym credit
and will have an opportunity to
travel v/ith the team during the
winter and spring quarters.
Second-year men, interested in
trying out for sophomore boxing
manager, will meet with Karnig
Kenchelian at the B.A.C. boxing
desk at 4 o'clock this afternoon.
Managers will be given gym credit
and will have an opportunity to
travel v/ith the team during the
winter and spring quarters.
Second-year men, interested in
trying out for sophomore boxing
manager, will meet with Karnig
Kenchelian at the B.A.C. boxing
desk at 4 o'clock this afternoon.
Managers will be given gym credit
and will have an opportunity to
travel v/ith the team during the
winter and spring quarters.
Second-year men, interested in
trying out for sophomore boxing
manager, will meet with Karnig
Kenchelian at the B.A.C. boxing
desk at 4 o'clock this afternoon.
Managers will be given gym credit
and will have an opportunity to
travel v/ith the team during the
winter and spring quarters.
Second-year men, interested in
trying out for sophomore boxing
manager, will meet with Karnig
Kenchelian at the B.A.C. boxing
desk at 4 o'clock this afternoon.
Managers will be given gym credit
and will have an opportunity to
travel v/ith the team during the
winter and spring quarters.
Second-year men, interested in
trying out for sophomore boxing
manager, will meet with Karnig
Kenchelian at the B.A.C. boxing
desk at 4 o'clock this afternoon.
Managers will be given gym credit
and will have an opportunity to
travel v/ith the team during the
winter and spring quarters.
Second-year men, interested in
trying out for sophomore boxing
manager, will meet with Karnig
Kenchelian at the B.A.C. boxing
desk at 4 o'clock this afternoon.
Managers will be given gym credit
and will have an opportunity to
travel v/ith the team during the
winter and spring quarters.
Second-year men, interested in
trying out for sophomore boxing
manager, will meet with Karnig
Kenchelian at the B.A.C. boxing
desk at 4 o'clock this afternoon.
Managers will be given gym credit
and will have an opportunity to
travel v/ith the team during the
winter and spring quarters.
Second-year men, interested in
trying out for sophomore boxing
manager, will meet with Karnig
Kenchelian at the B.A.C. boxing
desk at 4 o'clock this afternoon.
Managers will be given gym credit
and will have an opportunity to
travel v/ith the team during the
winter and spring quarters.
Second-year men, interested in
trying out for sophomore boxing
manager, will meet with Karnig
Kenchelian at the B.A.C. boxing
desk at 4 o'clock this afternoon.
Managers will be given gym credit
and will have an opportunity to
travel v/ith the team during the
winter and spring quarters.
