# Wilbur Comes Home to the Farm
## 
### 

TIIE PRESIDENT of the University, who has just returned from his
son's wedding in the East, will address an all-University assembly at
10 o'clock this morning in Memorial Hall. It will be the first public
opportunity for 700 freshman and 400 transfer students to see and
hear their academic leader.

TIIE PRESIDENT of the University, who has just returned from his
son's wedding in the East, will address an all-University assembly at
10 o'clock this morning in Memorial Hall. It will be the first public
opportunity for 700 freshman and 400 transfer students to see and
hear their academic leader.

TIIE PRESIDENT of the University, who has just returned from his
son's wedding in the East, will address an all-University assembly at
10 o'clock this morning in Memorial Hall. It will be the first public
opportunity for 700 freshman and 400 transfer students to see and
hear their academic leader.

TIIE PRESIDENT of the University, who has just returned from his
son's wedding in the East, will address an all-University assembly at
10 o'clock this morning in Memorial Hall. It will be the first public
opportunity for 700 freshman and 400 transfer students to see and
hear their academic leader.

TIIE PRESIDENT of the University, who has just returned from his
son's wedding in the East, will address an all-University assembly at
10 o'clock this morning in Memorial Hall. It will be the first public
opportunity for 700 freshman and 400 transfer students to see and
hear their academic leader.

TIIE PRESIDENT of the University, who has just returned from his
son's wedding in the East, will address an all-University assembly at
10 o'clock this morning in Memorial Hall. It will be the first public
opportunity for 700 freshman and 400 transfer students to see and
hear their academic leader.

TIIE PRESIDENT of the University, who has just returned from his
son's wedding in the East, will address an all-University assembly at
10 o'clock this morning in Memorial Hall. It will be the first public
opportunity for 700 freshman and 400 transfer students to see and
hear their academic leader.

TIIE PRESIDENT of the University, who has just returned from his
son's wedding in the East, will address an all-University assembly at
10 o'clock this morning in Memorial Hall. It will be the first public
opportunity for 700 freshman and 400 transfer students to see and
hear their academic leader.

TIIE PRESIDENT of the University, who has just returned from his
son's wedding in the East, will address an all-University assembly at
10 o'clock this morning in Memorial Hall. It will be the first public
opportunity for 700 freshman and 400 transfer students to see and
hear their academic leader.

TIIE PRESIDENT of the University, who has just returned from his
son's wedding in the East, will address an all-University assembly at
10 o'clock this morning in Memorial Hall. It will be the first public
opportunity for 700 freshman and 400 transfer students to see and
hear their academic leader.

TIIE PRESIDENT of the University, who has just returned from his
son's wedding in the East, will address an all-University assembly at
10 o'clock this morning in Memorial Hall. It will be the first public
opportunity for 700 freshman and 400 transfer students to see and
hear their academic leader.

TIIE PRESIDENT of the University, who has just returned from his
son's wedding in the East, will address an all-University assembly at
10 o'clock this morning in Memorial Hall. It will be the first public
opportunity for 700 freshman and 400 transfer students to see and
hear their academic leader.

TIIE PRESIDENT of the University, who has just returned from his
son's wedding in the East, will address an all-University assembly at
10 o'clock this morning in Memorial Hall. It will be the first public
opportunity for 700 freshman and 400 transfer students to see and
hear their academic leader.

TIIE PRESIDENT of the University, who has just returned from his
son's wedding in the East, will address an all-University assembly at
10 o'clock this morning in Memorial Hall. It will be the first public
opportunity for 700 freshman and 400 transfer students to see and
hear their academic leader.

TIIE PRESIDENT of the University, who has just returned from his
son's wedding in the East, will address an all-University assembly at
10 o'clock this morning in Memorial Hall. It will be the first public
opportunity for 700 freshman and 400 transfer students to see and
hear their academic leader.

TIIE PRESIDENT of the University, who has just returned from his
son's wedding in the East, will address an all-University assembly at
10 o'clock this morning in Memorial Hall. It will be the first public
opportunity for 700 freshman and 400 transfer students to see and
hear their academic leader.
