# Untitled Article
## 
### 

HIGH FLYER—Ken Weisner, a U.S. Navy lieutenant, is seen
clearing over the bar at 6 feet 9 inches to set a new indbor
record. He cracked a mark which had existed for 16 years.
The record was smashed recently at the Charity Track Meet
held in Philadelphia.

HIGH FLYER—Ken Weisner, a U.S. Navy lieutenant, is seen
clearing over the bar at 6 feet 9 inches to set a new indbor
record. He cracked a mark which had existed for 16 years.
The record was smashed recently at the Charity Track Meet
held in Philadelphia.

HIGH FLYER—Ken Weisner, a U.S. Navy lieutenant, is seen
clearing over the bar at 6 feet 9 inches to set a new indbor
record. He cracked a mark which had existed for 16 years.
The record was smashed recently at the Charity Track Meet
held in Philadelphia.

HIGH FLYER—Ken Weisner, a U.S. Navy lieutenant, is seen
clearing over the bar at 6 feet 9 inches to set a new indbor
record. He cracked a mark which had existed for 16 years.
The record was smashed recently at the Charity Track Meet
held in Philadelphia.

HIGH FLYER—Ken Weisner, a U.S. Navy lieutenant, is seen
clearing over the bar at 6 feet 9 inches to set a new indbor
record. He cracked a mark which had existed for 16 years.
The record was smashed recently at the Charity Track Meet
held in Philadelphia.

HIGH FLYER—Ken Weisner, a U.S. Navy lieutenant, is seen
clearing over the bar at 6 feet 9 inches to set a new indbor
record. He cracked a mark which had existed for 16 years.
The record was smashed recently at the Charity Track Meet
held in Philadelphia.

HIGH FLYER—Ken Weisner, a U.S. Navy lieutenant, is seen
clearing over the bar at 6 feet 9 inches to set a new indbor
record. He cracked a mark which had existed for 16 years.
The record was smashed recently at the Charity Track Meet
held in Philadelphia.

HIGH FLYER—Ken Weisner, a U.S. Navy lieutenant, is seen
clearing over the bar at 6 feet 9 inches to set a new indbor
record. He cracked a mark which had existed for 16 years.
The record was smashed recently at the Charity Track Meet
held in Philadelphia.

HIGH FLYER—Ken Weisner, a U.S. Navy lieutenant, is seen
clearing over the bar at 6 feet 9 inches to set a new indbor
record. He cracked a mark which had existed for 16 years.
The record was smashed recently at the Charity Track Meet
held in Philadelphia.

HIGH FLYER—Ken Weisner, a U.S. Navy lieutenant, is seen
clearing over the bar at 6 feet 9 inches to set a new indbor
record. He cracked a mark which had existed for 16 years.
The record was smashed recently at the Charity Track Meet
held in Philadelphia.

HIGH FLYER—Ken Weisner, a U.S. Navy lieutenant, is seen
clearing over the bar at 6 feet 9 inches to set a new indbor
record. He cracked a mark which had existed for 16 years.
The record was smashed recently at the Charity Track Meet
held in Philadelphia.

HIGH FLYER—Ken Weisner, a U.S. Navy lieutenant, is seen
clearing over the bar at 6 feet 9 inches to set a new indbor
record. He cracked a mark which had existed for 16 years.
The record was smashed recently at the Charity Track Meet
held in Philadelphia.

HIGH FLYER—Ken Weisner, a U.S. Navy lieutenant, is seen
clearing over the bar at 6 feet 9 inches to set a new indbor
record. He cracked a mark which had existed for 16 years.
The record was smashed recently at the Charity Track Meet
held in Philadelphia.

HIGH FLYER—Ken Weisner, a U.S. Navy lieutenant, is seen
clearing over the bar at 6 feet 9 inches to set a new indbor
record. He cracked a mark which had existed for 16 years.
The record was smashed recently at the Charity Track Meet
held in Philadelphia.

HIGH FLYER—Ken Weisner, a U.S. Navy lieutenant, is seen
clearing over the bar at 6 feet 9 inches to set a new indbor
record. He cracked a mark which had existed for 16 years.
The record was smashed recently at the Charity Track Meet
held in Philadelphia.
