# UNDER THE WEATHER
## 
### 
Palo Alto Hospital—Rodney Bey
er, Clayton Scribner, Mike Shlau
deman.
Women's Kcst Home—Helen Mad
dock, Barbara Overstreet, Mary-
Margaret Fraser, Sue Hirst, Bar
bara Vensel, Marilyn Donahoo, Ma
rilyn Stein, Carol Charles.
Mens Rest Home—Donn Ingram,
James Vick, George Davison, Don
Ginter, George Hauser, Malcolm
McHenry, David Penwell, Lee Men
delson, Andrew Krappman.
Isolation Hospital—Ben Crocker,
Pauline Kilin.
Palo Alto Hospital—Rodney Bey
er, Clayton Scribner, Mike Shlau
deman.
Women's Kcst Home—Helen Mad
dock, Barbara Overstreet, Mary-
Margaret Fraser, Sue Hirst, Bar
bara Vensel, Marilyn Donahoo, Ma
rilyn Stein, Carol Charles.
Mens Rest Home—Donn Ingram,
James Vick, George Davison, Don
Ginter, George Hauser, Malcolm
McHenry, David Penwell, Lee Men
delson, Andrew Krappman.
Isolation Hospital—Ben Crocker,
Pauline Kilin.
Palo Alto Hospital—Rodney Bey
er, Clayton Scribner, Mike Shlau
deman.
Women's Kcst Home—Helen Mad
dock, Barbara Overstreet, Mary-
Margaret Fraser, Sue Hirst, Bar
bara Vensel, Marilyn Donahoo, Ma
rilyn Stein, Carol Charles.
Mens Rest Home—Donn Ingram,
James Vick, George Davison, Don
Ginter, George Hauser, Malcolm
McHenry, David Penwell, Lee Men
delson, Andrew Krappman.
Isolation Hospital—Ben Crocker,
Pauline Kilin.
Palo Alto Hospital—Rodney Bey
er, Clayton Scribner, Mike Shlau
deman.
Women's Kcst Home—Helen Mad
dock, Barbara Overstreet, Mary-
Margaret Fraser, Sue Hirst, Bar
bara Vensel, Marilyn Donahoo, Ma
rilyn Stein, Carol Charles.
Mens Rest Home—Donn Ingram,
James Vick, George Davison, Don
Ginter, George Hauser, Malcolm
McHenry, David Penwell, Lee Men
delson, Andrew Krappman.
Isolation Hospital—Ben Crocker,
Pauline Kilin.
Palo Alto Hospital—Rodney Bey
er, Clayton Scribner, Mike Shlau
deman.
Women's Kcst Home—Helen Mad
dock, Barbara Overstreet, Mary-
Margaret Fraser, Sue Hirst, Bar
bara Vensel, Marilyn Donahoo, Ma
rilyn Stein, Carol Charles.
Mens Rest Home—Donn Ingram,
James Vick, George Davison, Don
Ginter, George Hauser, Malcolm
McHenry, David Penwell, Lee Men
delson, Andrew Krappman.
Isolation Hospital—Ben Crocker,
Pauline Kilin.
Palo Alto Hospital—Rodney Bey
er, Clayton Scribner, Mike Shlau
deman.
Women's Kcst Home—Helen Mad
dock, Barbara Overstreet, Mary-
Margaret Fraser, Sue Hirst, Bar
bara Vensel, Marilyn Donahoo, Ma
rilyn Stein, Carol Charles.
Mens Rest Home—Donn Ingram,
James Vick, George Davison, Don
Ginter, George Hauser, Malcolm
McHenry, David Penwell, Lee Men
delson, Andrew Krappman.
Isolation Hospital—Ben Crocker,
Pauline Kilin.
Palo Alto Hospital—Rodney Bey
er, Clayton Scribner, Mike Shlau
deman.
Women's Kcst Home—Helen Mad
dock, Barbara Overstreet, Mary-
Margaret Fraser, Sue Hirst, Bar
bara Vensel, Marilyn Donahoo, Ma
rilyn Stein, Carol Charles.
Mens Rest Home—Donn Ingram,
James Vick, George Davison, Don
Ginter, George Hauser, Malcolm
McHenry, David Penwell, Lee Men
delson, Andrew Krappman.
Isolation Hospital—Ben Crocker,
Pauline Kilin.
Palo Alto Hospital—Rodney Bey
er, Clayton Scribner, Mike Shlau
deman.
Women's Kcst Home—Helen Mad
dock, Barbara Overstreet, Mary-
Margaret Fraser, Sue Hirst, Bar
bara Vensel, Marilyn Donahoo, Ma
rilyn Stein, Carol Charles.
Mens Rest Home—Donn Ingram,
James Vick, George Davison, Don
Ginter, George Hauser, Malcolm
McHenry, David Penwell, Lee Men
delson, Andrew Krappman.
Isolation Hospital—Ben Crocker,
Pauline Kilin.
Palo Alto Hospital—Rodney Bey
er, Clayton Scribner, Mike Shlau
deman.
Women's Kcst Home—Helen Mad
dock, Barbara Overstreet, Mary-
Margaret Fraser, Sue Hirst, Bar
bara Vensel, Marilyn Donahoo, Ma
rilyn Stein, Carol Charles.
Mens Rest Home—Donn Ingram,
James Vick, George Davison, Don
Ginter, George Hauser, Malcolm
McHenry, David Penwell, Lee Men
delson, Andrew Krappman.
Isolation Hospital—Ben Crocker,
Pauline Kilin.
Palo Alto Hospital—Rodney Bey
er, Clayton Scribner, Mike Shlau
deman.
Women's Kcst Home—Helen Mad
dock, Barbara Overstreet, Mary-
Margaret Fraser, Sue Hirst, Bar
bara Vensel, Marilyn Donahoo, Ma
rilyn Stein, Carol Charles.
Mens Rest Home—Donn Ingram,
James Vick, George Davison, Don
Ginter, George Hauser, Malcolm
McHenry, David Penwell, Lee Men
delson, Andrew Krappman.
Isolation Hospital—Ben Crocker,
Pauline Kilin.
Palo Alto Hospital—Rodney Bey
er, Clayton Scribner, Mike Shlau
deman.
Women's Kcst Home—Helen Mad
dock, Barbara Overstreet, Mary-
Margaret Fraser, Sue Hirst, Bar
bara Vensel, Marilyn Donahoo, Ma
rilyn Stein, Carol Charles.
Mens Rest Home—Donn Ingram,
James Vick, George Davison, Don
Ginter, George Hauser, Malcolm
McHenry, David Penwell, Lee Men
delson, Andrew Krappman.
Isolation Hospital—Ben Crocker,
Pauline Kilin.
Palo Alto Hospital—Rodney Bey
er, Clayton Scribner, Mike Shlau
deman.
Women's Kcst Home—Helen Mad
dock, Barbara Overstreet, Mary-
Margaret Fraser, Sue Hirst, Bar
bara Vensel, Marilyn Donahoo, Ma
rilyn Stein, Carol Charles.
Mens Rest Home—Donn Ingram,
James Vick, George Davison, Don
Ginter, George Hauser, Malcolm
McHenry, David Penwell, Lee Men
delson, Andrew Krappman.
Isolation Hospital—Ben Crocker,
Pauline Kilin.
Palo Alto Hospital—Rodney Bey
er, Clayton Scribner, Mike Shlau
deman.
Women's Kcst Home—Helen Mad
dock, Barbara Overstreet, Mary-
Margaret Fraser, Sue Hirst, Bar
bara Vensel, Marilyn Donahoo, Ma
rilyn Stein, Carol Charles.
Mens Rest Home—Donn Ingram,
James Vick, George Davison, Don
Ginter, George Hauser, Malcolm
McHenry, David Penwell, Lee Men
delson, Andrew Krappman.
Isolation Hospital—Ben Crocker,
Pauline Kilin.
Palo Alto Hospital—Rodney Bey
er, Clayton Scribner, Mike Shlau
deman.
Women's Kcst Home—Helen Mad
dock, Barbara Overstreet, Mary-
Margaret Fraser, Sue Hirst, Bar
bara Vensel, Marilyn Donahoo, Ma
rilyn Stein, Carol Charles.
Mens Rest Home—Donn Ingram,
James Vick, George Davison, Don
Ginter, George Hauser, Malcolm
McHenry, David Penwell, Lee Men
delson, Andrew Krappman.
Isolation Hospital—Ben Crocker,
Pauline Kilin.
Palo Alto Hospital—Rodney Bey
er, Clayton Scribner, Mike Shlau
deman.
Women's Kcst Home—Helen Mad
dock, Barbara Overstreet, Mary-
Margaret Fraser, Sue Hirst, Bar
bara Vensel, Marilyn Donahoo, Ma
rilyn Stein, Carol Charles.
Mens Rest Home—Donn Ingram,
James Vick, George Davison, Don
Ginter, George Hauser, Malcolm
McHenry, David Penwell, Lee Men
delson, Andrew Krappman.
Isolation Hospital—Ben Crocker,
Pauline Kilin.
