# ALLEY GRADUATES TOP
## 
### 
Wayne Alley, last year's ASSU
president, recently was graduated
top man in his class at Quartermas
ter School, Camp Lee, Virginia.
Wayne Alley, last year's ASSU
president, recently was graduated
top man in his class at Quartermas
ter School, Camp Lee, Virginia.
Wayne Alley, last year's ASSU
president, recently was graduated
top man in his class at Quartermas
ter School, Camp Lee, Virginia.
Wayne Alley, last year's ASSU
president, recently was graduated
top man in his class at Quartermas
ter School, Camp Lee, Virginia.
Wayne Alley, last year's ASSU
president, recently was graduated
top man in his class at Quartermas
ter School, Camp Lee, Virginia.
Wayne Alley, last year's ASSU
president, recently was graduated
top man in his class at Quartermas
ter School, Camp Lee, Virginia.
Wayne Alley, last year's ASSU
president, recently was graduated
top man in his class at Quartermas
ter School, Camp Lee, Virginia.
Wayne Alley, last year's ASSU
president, recently was graduated
top man in his class at Quartermas
ter School, Camp Lee, Virginia.
Wayne Alley, last year's ASSU
president, recently was graduated
top man in his class at Quartermas
ter School, Camp Lee, Virginia.
Wayne Alley, last year's ASSU
president, recently was graduated
top man in his class at Quartermas
ter School, Camp Lee, Virginia.
Wayne Alley, last year's ASSU
president, recently was graduated
top man in his class at Quartermas
ter School, Camp Lee, Virginia.
Wayne Alley, last year's ASSU
president, recently was graduated
top man in his class at Quartermas
ter School, Camp Lee, Virginia.
Wayne Alley, last year's ASSU
president, recently was graduated
top man in his class at Quartermas
ter School, Camp Lee, Virginia.
Wayne Alley, last year's ASSU
president, recently was graduated
top man in his class at Quartermas
ter School, Camp Lee, Virginia.
Wayne Alley, last year's ASSU
president, recently was graduated
top man in his class at Quartermas
ter School, Camp Lee, Virginia.
