# Nominations Open For AWS, WAA
## 
### 
Nominations for officers of Asso
ciated Women Students and the
Women's Athletic Association open
today. Petitions may be obtained
from the ASSU office or from pres
idents of women's living groups,
and must be turned in to the ASSU
office by 4:30 p.m. Thursday.
Positions to be filled in AWS are
president, vice-president, and sec
retary.
WAA officers to be elected are
president, vice - president, corre
sponding secretary, recording sec
retary, treasurer, publicity chair
man, and senior, junior, and sopho
more representatives.
Declinations will be due Friday.
The primary election will be held
Feb. 10, and the final election will
be on Feb. 12.
A meeting of all candidates will
be held Friday at 5 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Nominations for officers of Asso
ciated Women Students and the
Women's Athletic Association open
today. Petitions may be obtained
from the ASSU office or from pres
idents of women's living groups,
and must be turned in to the ASSU
office by 4:30 p.m. Thursday.
Positions to be filled in AWS are
president, vice-president, and sec
retary.
WAA officers to be elected are
president, vice - president, corre
sponding secretary, recording sec
retary, treasurer, publicity chair
man, and senior, junior, and sopho
more representatives.
Declinations will be due Friday.
The primary election will be held
Feb. 10, and the final election will
be on Feb. 12.
A meeting of all candidates will
be held Friday at 5 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Nominations for officers of Asso
ciated Women Students and the
Women's Athletic Association open
today. Petitions may be obtained
from the ASSU office or from pres
idents of women's living groups,
and must be turned in to the ASSU
office by 4:30 p.m. Thursday.
Positions to be filled in AWS are
president, vice-president, and sec
retary.
WAA officers to be elected are
president, vice - president, corre
sponding secretary, recording sec
retary, treasurer, publicity chair
man, and senior, junior, and sopho
more representatives.
Declinations will be due Friday.
The primary election will be held
Feb. 10, and the final election will
be on Feb. 12.
A meeting of all candidates will
be held Friday at 5 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Nominations for officers of Asso
ciated Women Students and the
Women's Athletic Association open
today. Petitions may be obtained
from the ASSU office or from pres
idents of women's living groups,
and must be turned in to the ASSU
office by 4:30 p.m. Thursday.
Positions to be filled in AWS are
president, vice-president, and sec
retary.
WAA officers to be elected are
president, vice - president, corre
sponding secretary, recording sec
retary, treasurer, publicity chair
man, and senior, junior, and sopho
more representatives.
Declinations will be due Friday.
The primary election will be held
Feb. 10, and the final election will
be on Feb. 12.
A meeting of all candidates will
be held Friday at 5 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Nominations for officers of Asso
ciated Women Students and the
Women's Athletic Association open
today. Petitions may be obtained
from the ASSU office or from pres
idents of women's living groups,
and must be turned in to the ASSU
office by 4:30 p.m. Thursday.
Positions to be filled in AWS are
president, vice-president, and sec
retary.
WAA officers to be elected are
president, vice - president, corre
sponding secretary, recording sec
retary, treasurer, publicity chair
man, and senior, junior, and sopho
more representatives.
Declinations will be due Friday.
The primary election will be held
Feb. 10, and the final election will
be on Feb. 12.
A meeting of all candidates will
be held Friday at 5 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Nominations for officers of Asso
ciated Women Students and the
Women's Athletic Association open
today. Petitions may be obtained
from the ASSU office or from pres
idents of women's living groups,
and must be turned in to the ASSU
office by 4:30 p.m. Thursday.
Positions to be filled in AWS are
president, vice-president, and sec
retary.
WAA officers to be elected are
president, vice - president, corre
sponding secretary, recording sec
retary, treasurer, publicity chair
man, and senior, junior, and sopho
more representatives.
Declinations will be due Friday.
The primary election will be held
Feb. 10, and the final election will
be on Feb. 12.
A meeting of all candidates will
be held Friday at 5 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Nominations for officers of Asso
ciated Women Students and the
Women's Athletic Association open
today. Petitions may be obtained
from the ASSU office or from pres
idents of women's living groups,
and must be turned in to the ASSU
office by 4:30 p.m. Thursday.
Positions to be filled in AWS are
president, vice-president, and sec
retary.
WAA officers to be elected are
president, vice - president, corre
sponding secretary, recording sec
retary, treasurer, publicity chair
man, and senior, junior, and sopho
more representatives.
Declinations will be due Friday.
The primary election will be held
Feb. 10, and the final election will
be on Feb. 12.
A meeting of all candidates will
be held Friday at 5 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Nominations for officers of Asso
ciated Women Students and the
Women's Athletic Association open
today. Petitions may be obtained
from the ASSU office or from pres
idents of women's living groups,
and must be turned in to the ASSU
office by 4:30 p.m. Thursday.
Positions to be filled in AWS are
president, vice-president, and sec
retary.
WAA officers to be elected are
president, vice - president, corre
sponding secretary, recording sec
retary, treasurer, publicity chair
man, and senior, junior, and sopho
more representatives.
Declinations will be due Friday.
The primary election will be held
Feb. 10, and the final election will
be on Feb. 12.
A meeting of all candidates will
be held Friday at 5 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Nominations for officers of Asso
ciated Women Students and the
Women's Athletic Association open
today. Petitions may be obtained
from the ASSU office or from pres
idents of women's living groups,
and must be turned in to the ASSU
office by 4:30 p.m. Thursday.
Positions to be filled in AWS are
president, vice-president, and sec
retary.
WAA officers to be elected are
president, vice - president, corre
sponding secretary, recording sec
retary, treasurer, publicity chair
man, and senior, junior, and sopho
more representatives.
Declinations will be due Friday.
The primary election will be held
Feb. 10, and the final election will
be on Feb. 12.
A meeting of all candidates will
be held Friday at 5 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Nominations for officers of Asso
ciated Women Students and the
Women's Athletic Association open
today. Petitions may be obtained
from the ASSU office or from pres
idents of women's living groups,
and must be turned in to the ASSU
office by 4:30 p.m. Thursday.
Positions to be filled in AWS are
president, vice-president, and sec
retary.
WAA officers to be elected are
president, vice - president, corre
sponding secretary, recording sec
retary, treasurer, publicity chair
man, and senior, junior, and sopho
more representatives.
Declinations will be due Friday.
The primary election will be held
Feb. 10, and the final election will
be on Feb. 12.
A meeting of all candidates will
be held Friday at 5 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Nominations for officers of Asso
ciated Women Students and the
Women's Athletic Association open
today. Petitions may be obtained
from the ASSU office or from pres
idents of women's living groups,
and must be turned in to the ASSU
office by 4:30 p.m. Thursday.
Positions to be filled in AWS are
president, vice-president, and sec
retary.
WAA officers to be elected are
president, vice - president, corre
sponding secretary, recording sec
retary, treasurer, publicity chair
man, and senior, junior, and sopho
more representatives.
Declinations will be due Friday.
The primary election will be held
Feb. 10, and the final election will
be on Feb. 12.
A meeting of all candidates will
be held Friday at 5 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Nominations for officers of Asso
ciated Women Students and the
Women's Athletic Association open
today. Petitions may be obtained
from the ASSU office or from pres
idents of women's living groups,
and must be turned in to the ASSU
office by 4:30 p.m. Thursday.
Positions to be filled in AWS are
president, vice-president, and sec
retary.
WAA officers to be elected are
president, vice - president, corre
sponding secretary, recording sec
retary, treasurer, publicity chair
man, and senior, junior, and sopho
more representatives.
Declinations will be due Friday.
The primary election will be held
Feb. 10, and the final election will
be on Feb. 12.
A meeting of all candidates will
be held Friday at 5 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Nominations for officers of Asso
ciated Women Students and the
Women's Athletic Association open
today. Petitions may be obtained
from the ASSU office or from pres
idents of women's living groups,
and must be turned in to the ASSU
office by 4:30 p.m. Thursday.
Positions to be filled in AWS are
president, vice-president, and sec
retary.
WAA officers to be elected are
president, vice - president, corre
sponding secretary, recording sec
retary, treasurer, publicity chair
man, and senior, junior, and sopho
more representatives.
Declinations will be due Friday.
The primary election will be held
Feb. 10, and the final election will
be on Feb. 12.
A meeting of all candidates will
be held Friday at 5 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Nominations for officers of Asso
ciated Women Students and the
Women's Athletic Association open
today. Petitions may be obtained
from the ASSU office or from pres
idents of women's living groups,
and must be turned in to the ASSU
office by 4:30 p.m. Thursday.
Positions to be filled in AWS are
president, vice-president, and sec
retary.
WAA officers to be elected are
president, vice - president, corre
sponding secretary, recording sec
retary, treasurer, publicity chair
man, and senior, junior, and sopho
more representatives.
Declinations will be due Friday.
The primary election will be held
Feb. 10, and the final election will
be on Feb. 12.
A meeting of all candidates will
be held Friday at 5 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Nominations for officers of Asso
ciated Women Students and the
Women's Athletic Association open
today. Petitions may be obtained
from the ASSU office or from pres
idents of women's living groups,
and must be turned in to the ASSU
office by 4:30 p.m. Thursday.
Positions to be filled in AWS are
president, vice-president, and sec
retary.
WAA officers to be elected are
president, vice - president, corre
sponding secretary, recording sec
retary, treasurer, publicity chair
man, and senior, junior, and sopho
more representatives.
Declinations will be due Friday.
The primary election will be held
Feb. 10, and the final election will
be on Feb. 12.
A meeting of all candidates will
be held Friday at 5 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
