# Notice, Class of '97.
## 
### 
The following persons will please re
port at Kiicina gymnasium at 7:30 to
morrow night to assist reception com
mittee: Misses Hume, Colt, Bishop,
Cowen, Kittridge; Messrs. Hazzard,
Price, Green, Bumiller, H. C. Allen,
and F. H. Walker.
All members of Class of '97 who are
able please report at any time during
Saturday at the gym. to assist in dec
orating. H. N. DeWolfe, Pres.
The following persons will please re
port at Kiicina gymnasium at 7:30 to
morrow night to assist reception com
mittee: Misses Hume, Colt, Bishop,
Cowen, Kittridge; Messrs. Hazzard,
Price, Green, Bumiller, H. C. Allen,
and F. H. Walker.
All members of Class of '97 who are
able please report at any time during
Saturday at the gym. to assist in dec
orating. H. N. DeWolfe, Pres.
The following persons will please re
port at Kiicina gymnasium at 7:30 to
morrow night to assist reception com
mittee: Misses Hume, Colt, Bishop,
Cowen, Kittridge; Messrs. Hazzard,
Price, Green, Bumiller, H. C. Allen,
and F. H. Walker.
All members of Class of '97 who are
able please report at any time during
Saturday at the gym. to assist in dec
orating. H. N. DeWolfe, Pres.
