# Adv. 6 Page 2
## 
### 
Bernat's
Guaranteed Yarns
• Princess Yarns .if lower
prices
• Woolydown for new
popular jackets
• Bern.if'.pun Tweed and
matching yarns
• Sock Yarns
• New Angoras
FREE INSTRUCTIONS
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
Mexxanine, Young Drug Co.
357 University Ave.
Bernat's
Guaranteed Yarns
• Princess Yarns .if lower
prices
• Woolydown for new
popular jackets
• Bern.if'.pun Tweed and
matching yarns
• Sock Yarns
• New Angoras
FREE INSTRUCTIONS
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
Mexxanine, Young Drug Co.
357 University Ave.
Bernat's
Guaranteed Yarns
• Princess Yarns .if lower
prices
• Woolydown for new
popular jackets
• Bern.if'.pun Tweed and
matching yarns
• Sock Yarns
• New Angoras
FREE INSTRUCTIONS
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
Mexxanine, Young Drug Co.
357 University Ave.
Bernat's
Guaranteed Yarns
• Princess Yarns .if lower
prices
• Woolydown for new
popular jackets
• Bern.if'.pun Tweed and
matching yarns
• Sock Yarns
• New Angoras
FREE INSTRUCTIONS
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
Mexxanine, Young Drug Co.
357 University Ave.
Bernat's
Guaranteed Yarns
• Princess Yarns .if lower
prices
• Woolydown for new
popular jackets
• Bern.if'.pun Tweed and
matching yarns
• Sock Yarns
• New Angoras
FREE INSTRUCTIONS
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
Mexxanine, Young Drug Co.
357 University Ave.
Bernat's
Guaranteed Yarns
• Princess Yarns .if lower
prices
• Woolydown for new
popular jackets
• Bern.if'.pun Tweed and
matching yarns
• Sock Yarns
• New Angoras
FREE INSTRUCTIONS
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
Mexxanine, Young Drug Co.
357 University Ave.
Bernat's
Guaranteed Yarns
• Princess Yarns .if lower
prices
• Woolydown for new
popular jackets
• Bern.if'.pun Tweed and
matching yarns
• Sock Yarns
• New Angoras
FREE INSTRUCTIONS
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
Mexxanine, Young Drug Co.
357 University Ave.
Bernat's
Guaranteed Yarns
• Princess Yarns .if lower
prices
• Woolydown for new
popular jackets
• Bern.if'.pun Tweed and
matching yarns
• Sock Yarns
• New Angoras
FREE INSTRUCTIONS
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
Mexxanine, Young Drug Co.
357 University Ave.
Bernat's
Guaranteed Yarns
• Princess Yarns .if lower
prices
• Woolydown for new
popular jackets
• Bern.if'.pun Tweed and
matching yarns
• Sock Yarns
• New Angoras
FREE INSTRUCTIONS
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
Mexxanine, Young Drug Co.
357 University Ave.
Bernat's
Guaranteed Yarns
• Princess Yarns .if lower
prices
• Woolydown for new
popular jackets
• Bern.if'.pun Tweed and
matching yarns
• Sock Yarns
• New Angoras
FREE INSTRUCTIONS
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
Mexxanine, Young Drug Co.
357 University Ave.
Bernat's
Guaranteed Yarns
• Princess Yarns .if lower
prices
• Woolydown for new
popular jackets
• Bern.if'.pun Tweed and
matching yarns
• Sock Yarns
• New Angoras
FREE INSTRUCTIONS
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
Mexxanine, Young Drug Co.
357 University Ave.
Bernat's
Guaranteed Yarns
• Princess Yarns .if lower
prices
• Woolydown for new
popular jackets
• Bern.if'.pun Tweed and
matching yarns
• Sock Yarns
• New Angoras
FREE INSTRUCTIONS
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
Mexxanine, Young Drug Co.
357 University Ave.
Bernat's
Guaranteed Yarns
• Princess Yarns .if lower
prices
• Woolydown for new
popular jackets
• Bern.if'.pun Tweed and
matching yarns
• Sock Yarns
• New Angoras
FREE INSTRUCTIONS
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
Mexxanine, Young Drug Co.
357 University Ave.
Bernat's
Guaranteed Yarns
• Princess Yarns .if lower
prices
• Woolydown for new
popular jackets
• Bern.if'.pun Tweed and
matching yarns
• Sock Yarns
• New Angoras
FREE INSTRUCTIONS
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
Mexxanine, Young Drug Co.
357 University Ave.
Bernat's
Guaranteed Yarns
• Princess Yarns .if lower
prices
• Woolydown for new
popular jackets
• Bern.if'.pun Tweed and
matching yarns
• Sock Yarns
• New Angoras
FREE INSTRUCTIONS
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
Mexxanine, Young Drug Co.
357 University Ave.
Bernat's
Guaranteed Yarns
• Princess Yarns .if lower
prices
• Woolydown for new
popular jackets
• Bern.if'.pun Tweed and
matching yarns
• Sock Yarns
• New Angoras
FREE INSTRUCTIONS
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
Mexxanine, Young Drug Co.
357 University Ave.
