# Intramural Parade . . .
## 
### 
Behind Hank Glusser's three-hit
pitching, Delta Upsilon pounded out
a 13-3 win over the defending
champion Kappa Sigs in the finals
of Intramural hardball yesterday on
the frosh diamond.
The D.U.'s cinched the game in
the fourth inning when they broke
up a fairly close game by denting
the home plate for six runs. Bill
McElroy hit a homer with one on
base for the winners in the sixth
inning.
Sign-ups for the spring relays,
scheduled for June 5 and (i, con
tinue today with the deadline due
at 6 o'clock tomorrow, according to
Intramural Manager Andy Stojko
vich. No team will be eligible for
the six-event program unless it
signs up by tomorrow, announces
Stojkovich.
Two upsets and one nightmare
featured yesterday's Intramural
softball games. The upsets occur
red when the Alpha Sigs toppled Se
quoia, 11-7, and the Phi Kaps nosed
out the favored Miners, 9-7. El
Campo plumped Phi Sig, 29-17, in a
hectic contest.
Behind Hank Glusser's three-hit
pitching, Delta Upsilon pounded out
a 13-3 win over the defending
champion Kappa Sigs in the finals
of Intramural hardball yesterday on
the frosh diamond.
The D.U.'s cinched the game in
the fourth inning when they broke
up a fairly close game by denting
the home plate for six runs. Bill
McElroy hit a homer with one on
base for the winners in the sixth
inning.
Sign-ups for the spring relays,
scheduled for June 5 and (i, con
tinue today with the deadline due
at 6 o'clock tomorrow, according to
Intramural Manager Andy Stojko
vich. No team will be eligible for
the six-event program unless it
signs up by tomorrow, announces
Stojkovich.
Two upsets and one nightmare
featured yesterday's Intramural
softball games. The upsets occur
red when the Alpha Sigs toppled Se
quoia, 11-7, and the Phi Kaps nosed
out the favored Miners, 9-7. El
Campo plumped Phi Sig, 29-17, in a
hectic contest.
Behind Hank Glusser's three-hit
pitching, Delta Upsilon pounded out
a 13-3 win over the defending
champion Kappa Sigs in the finals
of Intramural hardball yesterday on
the frosh diamond.
The D.U.'s cinched the game in
the fourth inning when they broke
up a fairly close game by denting
the home plate for six runs. Bill
McElroy hit a homer with one on
base for the winners in the sixth
inning.
Sign-ups for the spring relays,
scheduled for June 5 and (i, con
tinue today with the deadline due
at 6 o'clock tomorrow, according to
Intramural Manager Andy Stojko
vich. No team will be eligible for
the six-event program unless it
signs up by tomorrow, announces
Stojkovich.
Two upsets and one nightmare
featured yesterday's Intramural
softball games. The upsets occur
red when the Alpha Sigs toppled Se
quoia, 11-7, and the Phi Kaps nosed
out the favored Miners, 9-7. El
Campo plumped Phi Sig, 29-17, in a
hectic contest.
Behind Hank Glusser's three-hit
pitching, Delta Upsilon pounded out
a 13-3 win over the defending
champion Kappa Sigs in the finals
of Intramural hardball yesterday on
the frosh diamond.
The D.U.'s cinched the game in
the fourth inning when they broke
up a fairly close game by denting
the home plate for six runs. Bill
McElroy hit a homer with one on
base for the winners in the sixth
inning.
Sign-ups for the spring relays,
scheduled for June 5 and (i, con
tinue today with the deadline due
at 6 o'clock tomorrow, according to
Intramural Manager Andy Stojko
vich. No team will be eligible for
the six-event program unless it
signs up by tomorrow, announces
Stojkovich.
Two upsets and one nightmare
featured yesterday's Intramural
softball games. The upsets occur
red when the Alpha Sigs toppled Se
quoia, 11-7, and the Phi Kaps nosed
out the favored Miners, 9-7. El
Campo plumped Phi Sig, 29-17, in a
hectic contest.
Behind Hank Glusser's three-hit
pitching, Delta Upsilon pounded out
a 13-3 win over the defending
champion Kappa Sigs in the finals
of Intramural hardball yesterday on
the frosh diamond.
The D.U.'s cinched the game in
the fourth inning when they broke
up a fairly close game by denting
the home plate for six runs. Bill
McElroy hit a homer with one on
base for the winners in the sixth
inning.
Sign-ups for the spring relays,
scheduled for June 5 and (i, con
tinue today with the deadline due
at 6 o'clock tomorrow, according to
Intramural Manager Andy Stojko
vich. No team will be eligible for
the six-event program unless it
signs up by tomorrow, announces
Stojkovich.
Two upsets and one nightmare
featured yesterday's Intramural
softball games. The upsets occur
red when the Alpha Sigs toppled Se
quoia, 11-7, and the Phi Kaps nosed
out the favored Miners, 9-7. El
Campo plumped Phi Sig, 29-17, in a
hectic contest.
Behind Hank Glusser's three-hit
pitching, Delta Upsilon pounded out
a 13-3 win over the defending
champion Kappa Sigs in the finals
of Intramural hardball yesterday on
the frosh diamond.
The D.U.'s cinched the game in
the fourth inning when they broke
up a fairly close game by denting
the home plate for six runs. Bill
McElroy hit a homer with one on
base for the winners in the sixth
inning.
Sign-ups for the spring relays,
scheduled for June 5 and (i, con
tinue today with the deadline due
at 6 o'clock tomorrow, according to
Intramural Manager Andy Stojko
vich. No team will be eligible for
the six-event program unless it
signs up by tomorrow, announces
Stojkovich.
Two upsets and one nightmare
featured yesterday's Intramural
softball games. The upsets occur
red when the Alpha Sigs toppled Se
quoia, 11-7, and the Phi Kaps nosed
out the favored Miners, 9-7. El
Campo plumped Phi Sig, 29-17, in a
hectic contest.
Behind Hank Glusser's three-hit
pitching, Delta Upsilon pounded out
a 13-3 win over the defending
champion Kappa Sigs in the finals
of Intramural hardball yesterday on
the frosh diamond.
The D.U.'s cinched the game in
the fourth inning when they broke
up a fairly close game by denting
the home plate for six runs. Bill
McElroy hit a homer with one on
base for the winners in the sixth
inning.
Sign-ups for the spring relays,
scheduled for June 5 and (i, con
tinue today with the deadline due
at 6 o'clock tomorrow, according to
Intramural Manager Andy Stojko
vich. No team will be eligible for
the six-event program unless it
signs up by tomorrow, announces
Stojkovich.
Two upsets and one nightmare
featured yesterday's Intramural
softball games. The upsets occur
red when the Alpha Sigs toppled Se
quoia, 11-7, and the Phi Kaps nosed
out the favored Miners, 9-7. El
Campo plumped Phi Sig, 29-17, in a
hectic contest.
Behind Hank Glusser's three-hit
pitching, Delta Upsilon pounded out
a 13-3 win over the defending
champion Kappa Sigs in the finals
of Intramural hardball yesterday on
the frosh diamond.
The D.U.'s cinched the game in
the fourth inning when they broke
up a fairly close game by denting
the home plate for six runs. Bill
McElroy hit a homer with one on
base for the winners in the sixth
inning.
Sign-ups for the spring relays,
scheduled for June 5 and (i, con
tinue today with the deadline due
at 6 o'clock tomorrow, according to
Intramural Manager Andy Stojko
vich. No team will be eligible for
the six-event program unless it
signs up by tomorrow, announces
Stojkovich.
Two upsets and one nightmare
featured yesterday's Intramural
softball games. The upsets occur
red when the Alpha Sigs toppled Se
quoia, 11-7, and the Phi Kaps nosed
out the favored Miners, 9-7. El
Campo plumped Phi Sig, 29-17, in a
hectic contest.
Behind Hank Glusser's three-hit
pitching, Delta Upsilon pounded out
a 13-3 win over the defending
champion Kappa Sigs in the finals
of Intramural hardball yesterday on
the frosh diamond.
The D.U.'s cinched the game in
the fourth inning when they broke
up a fairly close game by denting
the home plate for six runs. Bill
McElroy hit a homer with one on
base for the winners in the sixth
inning.
Sign-ups for the spring relays,
scheduled for June 5 and (i, con
tinue today with the deadline due
at 6 o'clock tomorrow, according to
Intramural Manager Andy Stojko
vich. No team will be eligible for
the six-event program unless it
signs up by tomorrow, announces
Stojkovich.
Two upsets and one nightmare
featured yesterday's Intramural
softball games. The upsets occur
red when the Alpha Sigs toppled Se
quoia, 11-7, and the Phi Kaps nosed
out the favored Miners, 9-7. El
Campo plumped Phi Sig, 29-17, in a
hectic contest.
Behind Hank Glusser's three-hit
pitching, Delta Upsilon pounded out
a 13-3 win over the defending
champion Kappa Sigs in the finals
of Intramural hardball yesterday on
the frosh diamond.
The D.U.'s cinched the game in
the fourth inning when they broke
up a fairly close game by denting
the home plate for six runs. Bill
McElroy hit a homer with one on
base for the winners in the sixth
inning.
Sign-ups for the spring relays,
scheduled for June 5 and (i, con
tinue today with the deadline due
at 6 o'clock tomorrow, according to
Intramural Manager Andy Stojko
vich. No team will be eligible for
the six-event program unless it
signs up by tomorrow, announces
Stojkovich.
Two upsets and one nightmare
featured yesterday's Intramural
softball games. The upsets occur
red when the Alpha Sigs toppled Se
quoia, 11-7, and the Phi Kaps nosed
out the favored Miners, 9-7. El
Campo plumped Phi Sig, 29-17, in a
hectic contest.
Behind Hank Glusser's three-hit
pitching, Delta Upsilon pounded out
a 13-3 win over the defending
champion Kappa Sigs in the finals
of Intramural hardball yesterday on
the frosh diamond.
The D.U.'s cinched the game in
the fourth inning when they broke
up a fairly close game by denting
the home plate for six runs. Bill
McElroy hit a homer with one on
base for the winners in the sixth
inning.
Sign-ups for the spring relays,
scheduled for June 5 and (i, con
tinue today with the deadline due
at 6 o'clock tomorrow, according to
Intramural Manager Andy Stojko
vich. No team will be eligible for
the six-event program unless it
signs up by tomorrow, announces
Stojkovich.
Two upsets and one nightmare
featured yesterday's Intramural
softball games. The upsets occur
red when the Alpha Sigs toppled Se
quoia, 11-7, and the Phi Kaps nosed
out the favored Miners, 9-7. El
Campo plumped Phi Sig, 29-17, in a
hectic contest.
Behind Hank Glusser's three-hit
pitching, Delta Upsilon pounded out
a 13-3 win over the defending
champion Kappa Sigs in the finals
of Intramural hardball yesterday on
the frosh diamond.
The D.U.'s cinched the game in
the fourth inning when they broke
up a fairly close game by denting
the home plate for six runs. Bill
McElroy hit a homer with one on
base for the winners in the sixth
inning.
Sign-ups for the spring relays,
scheduled for June 5 and (i, con
tinue today with the deadline due
at 6 o'clock tomorrow, according to
Intramural Manager Andy Stojko
vich. No team will be eligible for
the six-event program unless it
signs up by tomorrow, announces
Stojkovich.
Two upsets and one nightmare
featured yesterday's Intramural
softball games. The upsets occur
red when the Alpha Sigs toppled Se
quoia, 11-7, and the Phi Kaps nosed
out the favored Miners, 9-7. El
Campo plumped Phi Sig, 29-17, in a
hectic contest.
Behind Hank Glusser's three-hit
pitching, Delta Upsilon pounded out
a 13-3 win over the defending
champion Kappa Sigs in the finals
of Intramural hardball yesterday on
the frosh diamond.
The D.U.'s cinched the game in
the fourth inning when they broke
up a fairly close game by denting
the home plate for six runs. Bill
McElroy hit a homer with one on
base for the winners in the sixth
inning.
Sign-ups for the spring relays,
scheduled for June 5 and (i, con
tinue today with the deadline due
at 6 o'clock tomorrow, according to
Intramural Manager Andy Stojko
vich. No team will be eligible for
the six-event program unless it
signs up by tomorrow, announces
Stojkovich.
Two upsets and one nightmare
featured yesterday's Intramural
softball games. The upsets occur
red when the Alpha Sigs toppled Se
quoia, 11-7, and the Phi Kaps nosed
out the favored Miners, 9-7. El
Campo plumped Phi Sig, 29-17, in a
hectic contest.
Behind Hank Glusser's three-hit
pitching, Delta Upsilon pounded out
a 13-3 win over the defending
champion Kappa Sigs in the finals
of Intramural hardball yesterday on
the frosh diamond.
The D.U.'s cinched the game in
the fourth inning when they broke
up a fairly close game by denting
the home plate for six runs. Bill
McElroy hit a homer with one on
base for the winners in the sixth
inning.
Sign-ups for the spring relays,
scheduled for June 5 and (i, con
tinue today with the deadline due
at 6 o'clock tomorrow, according to
Intramural Manager Andy Stojko
vich. No team will be eligible for
the six-event program unless it
signs up by tomorrow, announces
Stojkovich.
Two upsets and one nightmare
featured yesterday's Intramural
softball games. The upsets occur
red when the Alpha Sigs toppled Se
quoia, 11-7, and the Phi Kaps nosed
out the favored Miners, 9-7. El
Campo plumped Phi Sig, 29-17, in a
hectic contest.
Behind Hank Glusser's three-hit
pitching, Delta Upsilon pounded out
a 13-3 win over the defending
champion Kappa Sigs in the finals
of Intramural hardball yesterday on
the frosh diamond.
The D.U.'s cinched the game in
the fourth inning when they broke
up a fairly close game by denting
the home plate for six runs. Bill
McElroy hit a homer with one on
base for the winners in the sixth
inning.
Sign-ups for the spring relays,
scheduled for June 5 and (i, con
tinue today with the deadline due
at 6 o'clock tomorrow, according to
Intramural Manager Andy Stojko
vich. No team will be eligible for
the six-event program unless it
signs up by tomorrow, announces
Stojkovich.
Two upsets and one nightmare
featured yesterday's Intramural
softball games. The upsets occur
red when the Alpha Sigs toppled Se
quoia, 11-7, and the Phi Kaps nosed
out the favored Miners, 9-7. El
Campo plumped Phi Sig, 29-17, in a
hectic contest.
Behind Hank Glusser's three-hit
pitching, Delta Upsilon pounded out
a 13-3 win over the defending
champion Kappa Sigs in the finals
of Intramural hardball yesterday on
the frosh diamond.
The D.U.'s cinched the game in
the fourth inning when they broke
up a fairly close game by denting
the home plate for six runs. Bill
McElroy hit a homer with one on
base for the winners in the sixth
inning.
Sign-ups for the spring relays,
scheduled for June 5 and (i, con
tinue today with the deadline due
at 6 o'clock tomorrow, according to
Intramural Manager Andy Stojko
vich. No team will be eligible for
the six-event program unless it
signs up by tomorrow, announces
Stojkovich.
Two upsets and one nightmare
featured yesterday's Intramural
softball games. The upsets occur
red when the Alpha Sigs toppled Se
quoia, 11-7, and the Phi Kaps nosed
out the favored Miners, 9-7. El
Campo plumped Phi Sig, 29-17, in a
hectic contest.
