# Tennis at U.C.
## 
### 
The tennis men at U. C. have al
ready begun practice, and are re
ported confident of victor}'. Sum
ner Hardy of the Dental College is
sure of tirst place on the team, and
Weiu, Cheesbrough, A. T. Brown,
Stone, and Selby are working for
second. The only drawback which
the U. C. tennis men are experienc
ing is the lack of suitable courts
for practice, as the only courts
available are in Oakland and San
Francisco.
The tennis men at U. C. have al
ready begun practice, and are re
ported confident of victor}'. Sum
ner Hardy of the Dental College is
sure of tirst place on the team, and
Weiu, Cheesbrough, A. T. Brown,
Stone, and Selby are working for
second. The only drawback which
the U. C. tennis men are experienc
ing is the lack of suitable courts
for practice, as the only courts
available are in Oakland and San
Francisco.
The tennis men at U. C. have al
ready begun practice, and are re
ported confident of victor}'. Sum
ner Hardy of the Dental College is
sure of tirst place on the team, and
Weiu, Cheesbrough, A. T. Brown,
Stone, and Selby are working for
second. The only drawback which
the U. C. tennis men are experienc
ing is the lack of suitable courts
for practice, as the only courts
available are in Oakland and San
Francisco.
The tennis men at U. C. have al
ready begun practice, and are re
ported confident of victor}'. Sum
ner Hardy of the Dental College is
sure of tirst place on the team, and
Weiu, Cheesbrough, A. T. Brown,
Stone, and Selby are working for
second. The only drawback which
the U. C. tennis men are experienc
ing is the lack of suitable courts
for practice, as the only courts
available are in Oakland and San
Francisco.
The tennis men at U. C. have al
ready begun practice, and are re
ported confident of victor}'. Sum
ner Hardy of the Dental College is
sure of tirst place on the team, and
Weiu, Cheesbrough, A. T. Brown,
Stone, and Selby are working for
second. The only drawback which
the U. C. tennis men are experienc
ing is the lack of suitable courts
for practice, as the only courts
available are in Oakland and San
Francisco.
