# Quads.
## 
### 
—The Library Association of
Central California met hist Friday
night and elected the following of
ficers: President, George T. Clark,
librarian of the Free Public Li
brary of Ban Francisco; vice-presi
dent, A. M. Jellison, librarian of
the Mechanics' Institute, Ban Fran
cisco; secretary, F. J. Teggart, of
Stanford; treasurer, Miss Wade, of
the Ban Francisco Free Public Li
brary.
—A.B. Morgan, '98. resigned his
position as Examiner correspondent
at the close of last semester. Mr.
Morgan is a candidate for both de
bating teams, and the preparation
necessary for the debates in addi
tion to his duties as president of
the student body demanded all the
time that he could devote to outside
work. Burnett, '00, has been ap
pointed Examiner correspondent in
his place.
