# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Thk first of the series of prelim
inary debates, in which the three
persons who will represent Stan
ford on the Intercollegiate Debate
will be chosen, takes place tomor
row evening. The members of the
student body are under as much
obligation to attend these debates
and encourage the speakers by
their presence as they were to

crowd the bleachers during the foot
ball season and to cheer and en
courage the players on to victory.
Enthusiasm counts as much in de
bating as in football, and there iB
nothing more deadening to a de
bater than to speak to an audience
of empty benches. The questions
are live and interesting, and the
speeches promise to be unusually
so. Any one who attends will not
regret it, while a crowded chapel
every night will add much to the
success of the series.
