# Training Quarters at Berkeley.
## 
### 
The track athletes at Berkeley,
according to the Californian, have
the good fortune of having a build
ing fitted up for their use as train
ing headquarters. W bile the
building itself is not as good as
others, the equipment is said to be
as good as any in the United States.
The building is two stories in
height. The lower floor is used as
an assembly room, arranged with
mats, lockers, and other conven
iences. On the second floor are hot
and colli showers, eight in number,
and the rubbing room, which is
supplied with a large steam shower
and heated by hot water pipes.
The quarters are soon to be fitted
up with electric lights for the pur
poses of evening use.
The track athletes at Berkeley,
according to the Californian, have
the good fortune of having a build
ing fitted up for their use as train
ing headquarters. W bile the
building itself is not as good as
others, the equipment is said to be
as good as any in the United States.
The building is two stories in
height. The lower floor is used as
an assembly room, arranged with
mats, lockers, and other conven
iences. On the second floor are hot
and colli showers, eight in number,
and the rubbing room, which is
supplied with a large steam shower
and heated by hot water pipes.
The quarters are soon to be fitted
up with electric lights for the pur
poses of evening use.
The track athletes at Berkeley,
according to the Californian, have
the good fortune of having a build
ing fitted up for their use as train
ing headquarters. W bile the
building itself is not as good as
others, the equipment is said to be
as good as any in the United States.
The building is two stories in
height. The lower floor is used as
an assembly room, arranged with
mats, lockers, and other conven
iences. On the second floor are hot
and colli showers, eight in number,
and the rubbing room, which is
supplied with a large steam shower
and heated by hot water pipes.
The quarters are soon to be fitted
up with electric lights for the pur
poses of evening use.
The track athletes at Berkeley,
according to the Californian, have
the good fortune of having a build
ing fitted up for their use as train
ing headquarters. W bile the
building itself is not as good as
others, the equipment is said to be
as good as any in the United States.
The building is two stories in
height. The lower floor is used as
an assembly room, arranged with
mats, lockers, and other conven
iences. On the second floor are hot
and colli showers, eight in number,
and the rubbing room, which is
supplied with a large steam shower
and heated by hot water pipes.
The quarters are soon to be fitted
up with electric lights for the pur
poses of evening use.
The track athletes at Berkeley,
according to the Californian, have
the good fortune of having a build
ing fitted up for their use as train
ing headquarters. W bile the
building itself is not as good as
others, the equipment is said to be
as good as any in the United States.
The building is two stories in
height. The lower floor is used as
an assembly room, arranged with
mats, lockers, and other conven
iences. On the second floor are hot
and colli showers, eight in number,
and the rubbing room, which is
supplied with a large steam shower
and heated by hot water pipes.
The quarters are soon to be fitted
up with electric lights for the pur
poses of evening use.
