# Untitled Article
## 
### 
L.P. Andresen, '12, visited the cam
pus today on his way to Venezuela
where lie will enter Geology work in
the Petroleum Company Caribbean.
L.P. Andresen, '12, visited the cam
pus today on his way to Venezuela
where lie will enter Geology work in
the Petroleum Company Caribbean.
L.P. Andresen, '12, visited the cam
pus today on his way to Venezuela
where lie will enter Geology work in
the Petroleum Company Caribbean.
L.P. Andresen, '12, visited the cam
pus today on his way to Venezuela
where lie will enter Geology work in
the Petroleum Company Caribbean.
L.P. Andresen, '12, visited the cam
pus today on his way to Venezuela
where lie will enter Geology work in
the Petroleum Company Caribbean.
L.P. Andresen, '12, visited the cam
pus today on his way to Venezuela
where lie will enter Geology work in
the Petroleum Company Caribbean.
L.P. Andresen, '12, visited the cam
pus today on his way to Venezuela
where lie will enter Geology work in
the Petroleum Company Caribbean.
L.P. Andresen, '12, visited the cam
pus today on his way to Venezuela
where lie will enter Geology work in
the Petroleum Company Caribbean.
L.P. Andresen, '12, visited the cam
pus today on his way to Venezuela
where lie will enter Geology work in
the Petroleum Company Caribbean.
L.P. Andresen, '12, visited the cam
pus today on his way to Venezuela
where lie will enter Geology work in
the Petroleum Company Caribbean.
L.P. Andresen, '12, visited the cam
pus today on his way to Venezuela
where lie will enter Geology work in
the Petroleum Company Caribbean.
L.P. Andresen, '12, visited the cam
pus today on his way to Venezuela
where lie will enter Geology work in
the Petroleum Company Caribbean.
L.P. Andresen, '12, visited the cam
pus today on his way to Venezuela
where lie will enter Geology work in
the Petroleum Company Caribbean.
L.P. Andresen, '12, visited the cam
pus today on his way to Venezuela
where lie will enter Geology work in
the Petroleum Company Caribbean.
