# Workman Suffers Electric Shock.
## 
### 
While handling one of the re-en
forcement bars used in (he construc
tion of the new hydraulic laboratories
a workman became electrocuted by the
contact of the bar with the transmis
sion wire above. The injury was not
serious and the man is working again.
While handling one of the re-en
forcement bars used in (he construc
tion of the new hydraulic laboratories
a workman became electrocuted by the
contact of the bar with the transmis
sion wire above. The injury was not
serious and the man is working again.
While handling one of the re-en
forcement bars used in (he construc
tion of the new hydraulic laboratories
a workman became electrocuted by the
contact of the bar with the transmis
sion wire above. The injury was not
serious and the man is working again.
While handling one of the re-en
forcement bars used in (he construc
tion of the new hydraulic laboratories
a workman became electrocuted by the
contact of the bar with the transmis
sion wire above. The injury was not
serious and the man is working again.
While handling one of the re-en
forcement bars used in (he construc
tion of the new hydraulic laboratories
a workman became electrocuted by the
contact of the bar with the transmis
sion wire above. The injury was not
serious and the man is working again.
While handling one of the re-en
forcement bars used in (he construc
tion of the new hydraulic laboratories
a workman became electrocuted by the
contact of the bar with the transmis
sion wire above. The injury was not
serious and the man is working again.
While handling one of the re-en
forcement bars used in (he construc
tion of the new hydraulic laboratories
a workman became electrocuted by the
contact of the bar with the transmis
sion wire above. The injury was not
serious and the man is working again.
While handling one of the re-en
forcement bars used in (he construc
tion of the new hydraulic laboratories
a workman became electrocuted by the
contact of the bar with the transmis
sion wire above. The injury was not
serious and the man is working again.
While handling one of the re-en
forcement bars used in (he construc
tion of the new hydraulic laboratories
a workman became electrocuted by the
contact of the bar with the transmis
sion wire above. The injury was not
serious and the man is working again.
While handling one of the re-en
forcement bars used in (he construc
tion of the new hydraulic laboratories
a workman became electrocuted by the
contact of the bar with the transmis
sion wire above. The injury was not
serious and the man is working again.
While handling one of the re-en
forcement bars used in (he construc
tion of the new hydraulic laboratories
a workman became electrocuted by the
contact of the bar with the transmis
sion wire above. The injury was not
serious and the man is working again.
While handling one of the re-en
forcement bars used in (he construc
tion of the new hydraulic laboratories
a workman became electrocuted by the
contact of the bar with the transmis
sion wire above. The injury was not
serious and the man is working again.
While handling one of the re-en
forcement bars used in (he construc
tion of the new hydraulic laboratories
a workman became electrocuted by the
contact of the bar with the transmis
sion wire above. The injury was not
serious and the man is working again.
While handling one of the re-en
forcement bars used in (he construc
tion of the new hydraulic laboratories
a workman became electrocuted by the
contact of the bar with the transmis
sion wire above. The injury was not
serious and the man is working again.
