# NATIONAL TEMPERANCE MAN GIVES LECTURE ON ALCOHOL.
## 
### 
Professor G. W. Wadsworth, General
Secretary of the National Presbyterian
Temperance Committee, addressed
Professor I. 13. Cross's class in Char
ities this morning on the general sub
ject of "Temperance," illustrating his
lecture with slides.
He spoke at length of the worthless
ness of alcohol, its decline as a medi
cine, and of its being a cause of dis
ease. His remarks set forth that life
insurance companies discriminate
against, the moderate drinker as well
a:- the habitual drunkard, and that ex
perience proves that the athlete can
not afford to indulge even moderately
in liquor. He dealt briefly with the ef
fect of Alcohol upon wealth, and then
passed to a moral discussion of the
fact that alcohol produces crime and
diEtrast.'.
Professor G. W. Wadsworth, General
Secretary of the National Presbyterian
Temperance Committee, addressed
Professor I. 13. Cross's class in Char
ities this morning on the general sub
ject of "Temperance," illustrating his
lecture with slides.
He spoke at length of the worthless
ness of alcohol, its decline as a medi
cine, and of its being a cause of dis
ease. His remarks set forth that life
insurance companies discriminate
against, the moderate drinker as well
a:- the habitual drunkard, and that ex
perience proves that the athlete can
not afford to indulge even moderately
in liquor. He dealt briefly with the ef
fect of Alcohol upon wealth, and then
passed to a moral discussion of the
fact that alcohol produces crime and
diEtrast.'.
Professor G. W. Wadsworth, General
Secretary of the National Presbyterian
Temperance Committee, addressed
Professor I. 13. Cross's class in Char
ities this morning on the general sub
ject of "Temperance," illustrating his
lecture with slides.
He spoke at length of the worthless
ness of alcohol, its decline as a medi
cine, and of its being a cause of dis
ease. His remarks set forth that life
insurance companies discriminate
against, the moderate drinker as well
a:- the habitual drunkard, and that ex
perience proves that the athlete can
not afford to indulge even moderately
in liquor. He dealt briefly with the ef
fect of Alcohol upon wealth, and then
passed to a moral discussion of the
fact that alcohol produces crime and
diEtrast.'.
Professor G. W. Wadsworth, General
Secretary of the National Presbyterian
Temperance Committee, addressed
Professor I. 13. Cross's class in Char
ities this morning on the general sub
ject of "Temperance," illustrating his
lecture with slides.
He spoke at length of the worthless
ness of alcohol, its decline as a medi
cine, and of its being a cause of dis
ease. His remarks set forth that life
insurance companies discriminate
against, the moderate drinker as well
a:- the habitual drunkard, and that ex
perience proves that the athlete can
not afford to indulge even moderately
in liquor. He dealt briefly with the ef
fect of Alcohol upon wealth, and then
passed to a moral discussion of the
fact that alcohol produces crime and
diEtrast.'.
Professor G. W. Wadsworth, General
Secretary of the National Presbyterian
Temperance Committee, addressed
Professor I. 13. Cross's class in Char
ities this morning on the general sub
ject of "Temperance," illustrating his
lecture with slides.
He spoke at length of the worthless
ness of alcohol, its decline as a medi
cine, and of its being a cause of dis
ease. His remarks set forth that life
insurance companies discriminate
against, the moderate drinker as well
a:- the habitual drunkard, and that ex
perience proves that the athlete can
not afford to indulge even moderately
in liquor. He dealt briefly with the ef
fect of Alcohol upon wealth, and then
passed to a moral discussion of the
fact that alcohol produces crime and
diEtrast.'.
Professor G. W. Wadsworth, General
Secretary of the National Presbyterian
Temperance Committee, addressed
Professor I. 13. Cross's class in Char
ities this morning on the general sub
ject of "Temperance," illustrating his
lecture with slides.
He spoke at length of the worthless
ness of alcohol, its decline as a medi
cine, and of its being a cause of dis
ease. His remarks set forth that life
insurance companies discriminate
against, the moderate drinker as well
a:- the habitual drunkard, and that ex
perience proves that the athlete can
not afford to indulge even moderately
in liquor. He dealt briefly with the ef
fect of Alcohol upon wealth, and then
passed to a moral discussion of the
fact that alcohol produces crime and
diEtrast.'.
Professor G. W. Wadsworth, General
Secretary of the National Presbyterian
Temperance Committee, addressed
Professor I. 13. Cross's class in Char
ities this morning on the general sub
ject of "Temperance," illustrating his
lecture with slides.
He spoke at length of the worthless
ness of alcohol, its decline as a medi
cine, and of its being a cause of dis
ease. His remarks set forth that life
insurance companies discriminate
against, the moderate drinker as well
a:- the habitual drunkard, and that ex
perience proves that the athlete can
not afford to indulge even moderately
in liquor. He dealt briefly with the ef
fect of Alcohol upon wealth, and then
passed to a moral discussion of the
fact that alcohol produces crime and
diEtrast.'.
Professor G. W. Wadsworth, General
Secretary of the National Presbyterian
Temperance Committee, addressed
Professor I. 13. Cross's class in Char
ities this morning on the general sub
ject of "Temperance," illustrating his
lecture with slides.
He spoke at length of the worthless
ness of alcohol, its decline as a medi
cine, and of its being a cause of dis
ease. His remarks set forth that life
insurance companies discriminate
against, the moderate drinker as well
a:- the habitual drunkard, and that ex
perience proves that the athlete can
not afford to indulge even moderately
in liquor. He dealt briefly with the ef
fect of Alcohol upon wealth, and then
passed to a moral discussion of the
fact that alcohol produces crime and
diEtrast.'.
Professor G. W. Wadsworth, General
Secretary of the National Presbyterian
Temperance Committee, addressed
Professor I. 13. Cross's class in Char
ities this morning on the general sub
ject of "Temperance," illustrating his
lecture with slides.
He spoke at length of the worthless
ness of alcohol, its decline as a medi
cine, and of its being a cause of dis
ease. His remarks set forth that life
insurance companies discriminate
against, the moderate drinker as well
a:- the habitual drunkard, and that ex
perience proves that the athlete can
not afford to indulge even moderately
in liquor. He dealt briefly with the ef
fect of Alcohol upon wealth, and then
passed to a moral discussion of the
fact that alcohol produces crime and
diEtrast.'.
Professor G. W. Wadsworth, General
Secretary of the National Presbyterian
Temperance Committee, addressed
Professor I. 13. Cross's class in Char
ities this morning on the general sub
ject of "Temperance," illustrating his
lecture with slides.
He spoke at length of the worthless
ness of alcohol, its decline as a medi
cine, and of its being a cause of dis
ease. His remarks set forth that life
insurance companies discriminate
against, the moderate drinker as well
a:- the habitual drunkard, and that ex
perience proves that the athlete can
not afford to indulge even moderately
in liquor. He dealt briefly with the ef
fect of Alcohol upon wealth, and then
passed to a moral discussion of the
fact that alcohol produces crime and
diEtrast.'.
Professor G. W. Wadsworth, General
Secretary of the National Presbyterian
Temperance Committee, addressed
Professor I. 13. Cross's class in Char
ities this morning on the general sub
ject of "Temperance," illustrating his
lecture with slides.
He spoke at length of the worthless
ness of alcohol, its decline as a medi
cine, and of its being a cause of dis
ease. His remarks set forth that life
insurance companies discriminate
against, the moderate drinker as well
a:- the habitual drunkard, and that ex
perience proves that the athlete can
not afford to indulge even moderately
in liquor. He dealt briefly with the ef
fect of Alcohol upon wealth, and then
passed to a moral discussion of the
fact that alcohol produces crime and
diEtrast.'.
Professor G. W. Wadsworth, General
Secretary of the National Presbyterian
Temperance Committee, addressed
Professor I. 13. Cross's class in Char
ities this morning on the general sub
ject of "Temperance," illustrating his
lecture with slides.
He spoke at length of the worthless
ness of alcohol, its decline as a medi
cine, and of its being a cause of dis
ease. His remarks set forth that life
insurance companies discriminate
against, the moderate drinker as well
a:- the habitual drunkard, and that ex
perience proves that the athlete can
not afford to indulge even moderately
in liquor. He dealt briefly with the ef
fect of Alcohol upon wealth, and then
passed to a moral discussion of the
fact that alcohol produces crime and
diEtrast.'.
Professor G. W. Wadsworth, General
Secretary of the National Presbyterian
Temperance Committee, addressed
Professor I. 13. Cross's class in Char
ities this morning on the general sub
ject of "Temperance," illustrating his
lecture with slides.
He spoke at length of the worthless
ness of alcohol, its decline as a medi
cine, and of its being a cause of dis
ease. His remarks set forth that life
insurance companies discriminate
against, the moderate drinker as well
a:- the habitual drunkard, and that ex
perience proves that the athlete can
not afford to indulge even moderately
in liquor. He dealt briefly with the ef
fect of Alcohol upon wealth, and then
passed to a moral discussion of the
fact that alcohol produces crime and
diEtrast.'.
Professor G. W. Wadsworth, General
Secretary of the National Presbyterian
Temperance Committee, addressed
Professor I. 13. Cross's class in Char
ities this morning on the general sub
ject of "Temperance," illustrating his
lecture with slides.
He spoke at length of the worthless
ness of alcohol, its decline as a medi
cine, and of its being a cause of dis
ease. His remarks set forth that life
insurance companies discriminate
against, the moderate drinker as well
a:- the habitual drunkard, and that ex
perience proves that the athlete can
not afford to indulge even moderately
in liquor. He dealt briefly with the ef
fect of Alcohol upon wealth, and then
passed to a moral discussion of the
fact that alcohol produces crime and
diEtrast.'.
