# ELECTRIC SPARK SHOWN BY STERIOPTICAN VIEWS.
## 
### 
Professor H. J. Ryan last evening
addressed an open meeting' of the
Electrical Engineering Society on
"The Electric Spark." Professor Ryan
first dealt with the sparkgap in rela
tion to the intensity, and (hen went
on to deal with corona and corrosion
of long distance high tension transmis
sion lines. During the address, Pro
fessor Ryan used several slides made
by P. W. Peek, '05. These were ob
tained while experimenting with Coro
na at the General Electric Companies
"Electric Farm" at Schenectady. The
reasons why lightning storms occur
more frequently in localities where
the earth is porous were touched upon
and some highly interesting slides
especially that of "Old Taal" in erup
tion during an electric storm, show
ing lightning in this connection were
thrown upon the screen. More lec
tures dealing with transmission line
economics and kindred subjects are
planned for the future by the Electri
cal Engineering Society.
