# Excom Sets Election For Women's Council
## 
### 
He-vote for Wmnen's Council
positions, necessitated by a ini\-
np «n the !>all< ! at the recent stu
dent hod>' flection, will he run oil
iiti W ettnesday. according to a de
cision l>,\ Mxconi.
Running for ollice on the "A"
election are Mar,\ Marjorie I)e-
Friest. Beverly Duncan. Marianne
(ioldmnu. Kathleen (>uthrie. and
Maryheth Smith.
Competing for ollice on the "B"
election are Sally Burke, (ieorgi
unna Fitzgerald. Nancy (iatnmon.
and Jean Larson.
He-vote for Wmnen's Council
positions, necessitated by a ini\-
np «n the !>all< ! at the recent stu
dent hod>' flection, will he run oil
iiti W ettnesday. according to a de
cision l>,\ Mxconi.
Running for ollice on the "A"
election are Mar,\ Marjorie I)e-
Friest. Beverly Duncan. Marianne
(ioldmnu. Kathleen (>uthrie. and
Maryheth Smith.
Competing for ollice on the "B"
election are Sally Burke, (ieorgi
unna Fitzgerald. Nancy (iatnmon.
and Jean Larson.
He-vote for Wmnen's Council
positions, necessitated by a ini\-
np «n the !>all< ! at the recent stu
dent hod>' flection, will he run oil
iiti W ettnesday. according to a de
cision l>,\ Mxconi.
Running for ollice on the "A"
election are Mar,\ Marjorie I)e-
Friest. Beverly Duncan. Marianne
(ioldmnu. Kathleen (>uthrie. and
Maryheth Smith.
Competing for ollice on the "B"
election are Sally Burke, (ieorgi
unna Fitzgerald. Nancy (iatnmon.
and Jean Larson.
He-vote for Wmnen's Council
positions, necessitated by a ini\-
np «n the !>all< ! at the recent stu
dent hod>' flection, will he run oil
iiti W ettnesday. according to a de
cision l>,\ Mxconi.
Running for ollice on the "A"
election are Mar,\ Marjorie I)e-
Friest. Beverly Duncan. Marianne
(ioldmnu. Kathleen (>uthrie. and
Maryheth Smith.
Competing for ollice on the "B"
election are Sally Burke, (ieorgi
unna Fitzgerald. Nancy (iatnmon.
and Jean Larson.
He-vote for Wmnen's Council
positions, necessitated by a ini\-
np «n the !>all< ! at the recent stu
dent hod>' flection, will he run oil
iiti W ettnesday. according to a de
cision l>,\ Mxconi.
Running for ollice on the "A"
election are Mar,\ Marjorie I)e-
Friest. Beverly Duncan. Marianne
(ioldmnu. Kathleen (>uthrie. and
Maryheth Smith.
Competing for ollice on the "B"
election are Sally Burke, (ieorgi
unna Fitzgerald. Nancy (iatnmon.
and Jean Larson.
He-vote for Wmnen's Council
positions, necessitated by a ini\-
np «n the !>all< ! at the recent stu
dent hod>' flection, will he run oil
iiti W ettnesday. according to a de
cision l>,\ Mxconi.
Running for ollice on the "A"
election are Mar,\ Marjorie I)e-
Friest. Beverly Duncan. Marianne
(ioldmnu. Kathleen (>uthrie. and
Maryheth Smith.
Competing for ollice on the "B"
election are Sally Burke, (ieorgi
unna Fitzgerald. Nancy (iatnmon.
and Jean Larson.
He-vote for Wmnen's Council
positions, necessitated by a ini\-
np «n the !>all< ! at the recent stu
dent hod>' flection, will he run oil
iiti W ettnesday. according to a de
cision l>,\ Mxconi.
Running for ollice on the "A"
election are Mar,\ Marjorie I)e-
Friest. Beverly Duncan. Marianne
(ioldmnu. Kathleen (>uthrie. and
Maryheth Smith.
Competing for ollice on the "B"
election are Sally Burke, (ieorgi
unna Fitzgerald. Nancy (iatnmon.
and Jean Larson.
He-vote for Wmnen's Council
positions, necessitated by a ini\-
np «n the !>all< ! at the recent stu
dent hod>' flection, will he run oil
iiti W ettnesday. according to a de
cision l>,\ Mxconi.
Running for ollice on the "A"
election are Mar,\ Marjorie I)e-
Friest. Beverly Duncan. Marianne
(ioldmnu. Kathleen (>uthrie. and
Maryheth Smith.
Competing for ollice on the "B"
election are Sally Burke, (ieorgi
unna Fitzgerald. Nancy (iatnmon.
and Jean Larson.
He-vote for Wmnen's Council
positions, necessitated by a ini\-
np «n the !>all< ! at the recent stu
dent hod>' flection, will he run oil
iiti W ettnesday. according to a de
cision l>,\ Mxconi.
Running for ollice on the "A"
election are Mar,\ Marjorie I)e-
Friest. Beverly Duncan. Marianne
(ioldmnu. Kathleen (>uthrie. and
Maryheth Smith.
Competing for ollice on the "B"
election are Sally Burke, (ieorgi
unna Fitzgerald. Nancy (iatnmon.
and Jean Larson.
He-vote for Wmnen's Council
positions, necessitated by a ini\-
np «n the !>all< ! at the recent stu
dent hod>' flection, will he run oil
iiti W ettnesday. according to a de
cision l>,\ Mxconi.
Running for ollice on the "A"
election are Mar,\ Marjorie I)e-
Friest. Beverly Duncan. Marianne
(ioldmnu. Kathleen (>uthrie. and
Maryheth Smith.
Competing for ollice on the "B"
election are Sally Burke, (ieorgi
unna Fitzgerald. Nancy (iatnmon.
and Jean Larson.
He-vote for Wmnen's Council
positions, necessitated by a ini\-
np «n the !>all< ! at the recent stu
dent hod>' flection, will he run oil
iiti W ettnesday. according to a de
cision l>,\ Mxconi.
Running for ollice on the "A"
election are Mar,\ Marjorie I)e-
Friest. Beverly Duncan. Marianne
(ioldmnu. Kathleen (>uthrie. and
Maryheth Smith.
Competing for ollice on the "B"
election are Sally Burke, (ieorgi
unna Fitzgerald. Nancy (iatnmon.
and Jean Larson.
He-vote for Wmnen's Council
positions, necessitated by a ini\-
np «n the !>all< ! at the recent stu
dent hod>' flection, will he run oil
iiti W ettnesday. according to a de
cision l>,\ Mxconi.
Running for ollice on the "A"
election are Mar,\ Marjorie I)e-
Friest. Beverly Duncan. Marianne
(ioldmnu. Kathleen (>uthrie. and
Maryheth Smith.
Competing for ollice on the "B"
election are Sally Burke, (ieorgi
unna Fitzgerald. Nancy (iatnmon.
and Jean Larson.
He-vote for Wmnen's Council
positions, necessitated by a ini\-
np «n the !>all< ! at the recent stu
dent hod>' flection, will he run oil
iiti W ettnesday. according to a de
cision l>,\ Mxconi.
Running for ollice on the "A"
election are Mar,\ Marjorie I)e-
Friest. Beverly Duncan. Marianne
(ioldmnu. Kathleen (>uthrie. and
Maryheth Smith.
Competing for ollice on the "B"
election are Sally Burke, (ieorgi
unna Fitzgerald. Nancy (iatnmon.
and Jean Larson.
He-vote for Wmnen's Council
positions, necessitated by a ini\-
np «n the !>all< ! at the recent stu
dent hod>' flection, will he run oil
iiti W ettnesday. according to a de
cision l>,\ Mxconi.
Running for ollice on the "A"
election are Mar,\ Marjorie I)e-
Friest. Beverly Duncan. Marianne
(ioldmnu. Kathleen (>uthrie. and
Maryheth Smith.
Competing for ollice on the "B"
election are Sally Burke, (ieorgi
unna Fitzgerald. Nancy (iatnmon.
and Jean Larson.
He-vote for Wmnen's Council
positions, necessitated by a ini\-
np «n the !>all< ! at the recent stu
dent hod>' flection, will he run oil
iiti W ettnesday. according to a de
cision l>,\ Mxconi.
Running for ollice on the "A"
election are Mar,\ Marjorie I)e-
Friest. Beverly Duncan. Marianne
(ioldmnu. Kathleen (>uthrie. and
Maryheth Smith.
Competing for ollice on the "B"
election are Sally Burke, (ieorgi
unna Fitzgerald. Nancy (iatnmon.
and Jean Larson.
He-vote for Wmnen's Council
positions, necessitated by a ini\-
np «n the !>all< ! at the recent stu
dent hod>' flection, will he run oil
iiti W ettnesday. according to a de
cision l>,\ Mxconi.
Running for ollice on the "A"
election are Mar,\ Marjorie I)e-
Friest. Beverly Duncan. Marianne
(ioldmnu. Kathleen (>uthrie. and
Maryheth Smith.
Competing for ollice on the "B"
election are Sally Burke, (ieorgi
unna Fitzgerald. Nancy (iatnmon.
and Jean Larson.
He-vote for Wmnen's Council
positions, necessitated by a ini\-
np «n the !>all< ! at the recent stu
dent hod>' flection, will he run oil
iiti W ettnesday. according to a de
cision l>,\ Mxconi.
Running for ollice on the "A"
election are Mar,\ Marjorie I)e-
Friest. Beverly Duncan. Marianne
(ioldmnu. Kathleen (>uthrie. and
Maryheth Smith.
Competing for ollice on the "B"
election are Sally Burke, (ieorgi
unna Fitzgerald. Nancy (iatnmon.
and Jean Larson.
