# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Weather permitting, Stanford
tackles San Francisco State today
at 3:15 p.m. on Sunken Diamond.
Weather permitting, Stanford
tackles San Francisco State today
at 3:15 p.m. on Sunken Diamond.
Weather permitting, Stanford
tackles San Francisco State today
at 3:15 p.m. on Sunken Diamond.
Weather permitting, Stanford
tackles San Francisco State today
at 3:15 p.m. on Sunken Diamond.
Weather permitting, Stanford
tackles San Francisco State today
at 3:15 p.m. on Sunken Diamond.
Weather permitting, Stanford
tackles San Francisco State today
at 3:15 p.m. on Sunken Diamond.
Weather permitting, Stanford
tackles San Francisco State today
at 3:15 p.m. on Sunken Diamond.
Weather permitting, Stanford
tackles San Francisco State today
at 3:15 p.m. on Sunken Diamond.
Weather permitting, Stanford
tackles San Francisco State today
at 3:15 p.m. on Sunken Diamond.
Weather permitting, Stanford
tackles San Francisco State today
at 3:15 p.m. on Sunken Diamond.
Weather permitting, Stanford
tackles San Francisco State today
at 3:15 p.m. on Sunken Diamond.
Weather permitting, Stanford
tackles San Francisco State today
at 3:15 p.m. on Sunken Diamond.
Weather permitting, Stanford
tackles San Francisco State today
at 3:15 p.m. on Sunken Diamond.
Weather permitting, Stanford
tackles San Francisco State today
at 3:15 p.m. on Sunken Diamond.
Weather permitting, Stanford
tackles San Francisco State today
at 3:15 p.m. on Sunken Diamond.
Weather permitting, Stanford
tackles San Francisco State today
at 3:15 p.m. on Sunken Diamond.
Weather permitting, Stanford
tackles San Francisco State today
at 3:15 p.m. on Sunken Diamond.
