# Speakers Discuss Foreign Awards
## 
### 
Three speakers will present
their views on foreign scholar
ships and how they may be ob
tained at a conference in Bow
man Alumni Mouse this after
noon at 4:13, sponsored by the
Stanford Overseas Information
Service ot the lIR
Mary Ann Goldman, of the In
stitute of International Educa
tion. will report on latest devel
opinents concerning Fulbright
awards and the many scholar
ships administered by her organ
ization.
George Baer, newly selected
Rhodes Scholar to Oxford, will
discuss the Rhodes plan ot study
and how American students may
apply tor the 35 annual grants
which are good for two years in
England.
Herbert Hvmans, president of
the lIR and winner of both Ful
bright and Marshall awards, will
discuss the advantages of these
two grants and foreign study it
self. A general question period
will follow the formal meeting.
Three speakers will present
their views on foreign scholar
ships and how they may be ob
tained at a conference in Bow
man Alumni Mouse this after
noon at 4:13, sponsored by the
Stanford Overseas Information
Service ot the lIR
Mary Ann Goldman, of the In
stitute of International Educa
tion. will report on latest devel
opinents concerning Fulbright
awards and the many scholar
ships administered by her organ
ization.
George Baer, newly selected
Rhodes Scholar to Oxford, will
discuss the Rhodes plan ot study
and how American students may
apply tor the 35 annual grants
which are good for two years in
England.
Herbert Hvmans, president of
the lIR and winner of both Ful
bright and Marshall awards, will
discuss the advantages of these
two grants and foreign study it
self. A general question period
will follow the formal meeting.
Three speakers will present
their views on foreign scholar
ships and how they may be ob
tained at a conference in Bow
man Alumni Mouse this after
noon at 4:13, sponsored by the
Stanford Overseas Information
Service ot the lIR
Mary Ann Goldman, of the In
stitute of International Educa
tion. will report on latest devel
opinents concerning Fulbright
awards and the many scholar
ships administered by her organ
ization.
George Baer, newly selected
Rhodes Scholar to Oxford, will
discuss the Rhodes plan ot study
and how American students may
apply tor the 35 annual grants
which are good for two years in
England.
Herbert Hvmans, president of
the lIR and winner of both Ful
bright and Marshall awards, will
discuss the advantages of these
two grants and foreign study it
self. A general question period
will follow the formal meeting.
Three speakers will present
their views on foreign scholar
ships and how they may be ob
tained at a conference in Bow
man Alumni Mouse this after
noon at 4:13, sponsored by the
Stanford Overseas Information
Service ot the lIR
Mary Ann Goldman, of the In
stitute of International Educa
tion. will report on latest devel
opinents concerning Fulbright
awards and the many scholar
ships administered by her organ
ization.
George Baer, newly selected
Rhodes Scholar to Oxford, will
discuss the Rhodes plan ot study
and how American students may
apply tor the 35 annual grants
which are good for two years in
England.
Herbert Hvmans, president of
the lIR and winner of both Ful
bright and Marshall awards, will
discuss the advantages of these
two grants and foreign study it
self. A general question period
will follow the formal meeting.
Three speakers will present
their views on foreign scholar
ships and how they may be ob
tained at a conference in Bow
man Alumni Mouse this after
noon at 4:13, sponsored by the
Stanford Overseas Information
Service ot the lIR
Mary Ann Goldman, of the In
stitute of International Educa
tion. will report on latest devel
opinents concerning Fulbright
awards and the many scholar
ships administered by her organ
ization.
George Baer, newly selected
Rhodes Scholar to Oxford, will
discuss the Rhodes plan ot study
and how American students may
apply tor the 35 annual grants
which are good for two years in
England.
Herbert Hvmans, president of
the lIR and winner of both Ful
bright and Marshall awards, will
discuss the advantages of these
two grants and foreign study it
self. A general question period
will follow the formal meeting.
Three speakers will present
their views on foreign scholar
ships and how they may be ob
tained at a conference in Bow
man Alumni Mouse this after
noon at 4:13, sponsored by the
Stanford Overseas Information
Service ot the lIR
Mary Ann Goldman, of the In
stitute of International Educa
tion. will report on latest devel
opinents concerning Fulbright
awards and the many scholar
ships administered by her organ
ization.
George Baer, newly selected
Rhodes Scholar to Oxford, will
discuss the Rhodes plan ot study
and how American students may
apply tor the 35 annual grants
which are good for two years in
England.
Herbert Hvmans, president of
the lIR and winner of both Ful
bright and Marshall awards, will
discuss the advantages of these
two grants and foreign study it
self. A general question period
will follow the formal meeting.
Three speakers will present
their views on foreign scholar
ships and how they may be ob
tained at a conference in Bow
man Alumni Mouse this after
noon at 4:13, sponsored by the
Stanford Overseas Information
Service ot the lIR
Mary Ann Goldman, of the In
stitute of International Educa
tion. will report on latest devel
opinents concerning Fulbright
awards and the many scholar
ships administered by her organ
ization.
George Baer, newly selected
Rhodes Scholar to Oxford, will
discuss the Rhodes plan ot study
and how American students may
apply tor the 35 annual grants
which are good for two years in
England.
Herbert Hvmans, president of
the lIR and winner of both Ful
bright and Marshall awards, will
discuss the advantages of these
two grants and foreign study it
self. A general question period
will follow the formal meeting.
Three speakers will present
their views on foreign scholar
ships and how they may be ob
tained at a conference in Bow
man Alumni Mouse this after
noon at 4:13, sponsored by the
Stanford Overseas Information
Service ot the lIR
Mary Ann Goldman, of the In
stitute of International Educa
tion. will report on latest devel
opinents concerning Fulbright
awards and the many scholar
ships administered by her organ
ization.
George Baer, newly selected
Rhodes Scholar to Oxford, will
discuss the Rhodes plan ot study
and how American students may
apply tor the 35 annual grants
which are good for two years in
England.
Herbert Hvmans, president of
the lIR and winner of both Ful
bright and Marshall awards, will
discuss the advantages of these
two grants and foreign study it
self. A general question period
will follow the formal meeting.
Three speakers will present
their views on foreign scholar
ships and how they may be ob
tained at a conference in Bow
man Alumni Mouse this after
noon at 4:13, sponsored by the
Stanford Overseas Information
Service ot the lIR
Mary Ann Goldman, of the In
stitute of International Educa
tion. will report on latest devel
opinents concerning Fulbright
awards and the many scholar
ships administered by her organ
ization.
George Baer, newly selected
Rhodes Scholar to Oxford, will
discuss the Rhodes plan ot study
and how American students may
apply tor the 35 annual grants
which are good for two years in
England.
Herbert Hvmans, president of
the lIR and winner of both Ful
bright and Marshall awards, will
discuss the advantages of these
two grants and foreign study it
self. A general question period
will follow the formal meeting.
Three speakers will present
their views on foreign scholar
ships and how they may be ob
tained at a conference in Bow
man Alumni Mouse this after
noon at 4:13, sponsored by the
Stanford Overseas Information
Service ot the lIR
Mary Ann Goldman, of the In
stitute of International Educa
tion. will report on latest devel
opinents concerning Fulbright
awards and the many scholar
ships administered by her organ
ization.
George Baer, newly selected
Rhodes Scholar to Oxford, will
discuss the Rhodes plan ot study
and how American students may
apply tor the 35 annual grants
which are good for two years in
England.
Herbert Hvmans, president of
the lIR and winner of both Ful
bright and Marshall awards, will
discuss the advantages of these
two grants and foreign study it
self. A general question period
will follow the formal meeting.
Three speakers will present
their views on foreign scholar
ships and how they may be ob
tained at a conference in Bow
man Alumni Mouse this after
noon at 4:13, sponsored by the
Stanford Overseas Information
Service ot the lIR
Mary Ann Goldman, of the In
stitute of International Educa
tion. will report on latest devel
opinents concerning Fulbright
awards and the many scholar
ships administered by her organ
ization.
George Baer, newly selected
Rhodes Scholar to Oxford, will
discuss the Rhodes plan ot study
and how American students may
apply tor the 35 annual grants
which are good for two years in
England.
Herbert Hvmans, president of
the lIR and winner of both Ful
bright and Marshall awards, will
discuss the advantages of these
two grants and foreign study it
self. A general question period
will follow the formal meeting.
Three speakers will present
their views on foreign scholar
ships and how they may be ob
tained at a conference in Bow
man Alumni Mouse this after
noon at 4:13, sponsored by the
Stanford Overseas Information
Service ot the lIR
Mary Ann Goldman, of the In
stitute of International Educa
tion. will report on latest devel
opinents concerning Fulbright
awards and the many scholar
ships administered by her organ
ization.
George Baer, newly selected
Rhodes Scholar to Oxford, will
discuss the Rhodes plan ot study
and how American students may
apply tor the 35 annual grants
which are good for two years in
England.
Herbert Hvmans, president of
the lIR and winner of both Ful
bright and Marshall awards, will
discuss the advantages of these
two grants and foreign study it
self. A general question period
will follow the formal meeting.
Three speakers will present
their views on foreign scholar
ships and how they may be ob
tained at a conference in Bow
man Alumni Mouse this after
noon at 4:13, sponsored by the
Stanford Overseas Information
Service ot the lIR
Mary Ann Goldman, of the In
stitute of International Educa
tion. will report on latest devel
opinents concerning Fulbright
awards and the many scholar
ships administered by her organ
ization.
George Baer, newly selected
Rhodes Scholar to Oxford, will
discuss the Rhodes plan ot study
and how American students may
apply tor the 35 annual grants
which are good for two years in
England.
Herbert Hvmans, president of
the lIR and winner of both Ful
bright and Marshall awards, will
discuss the advantages of these
two grants and foreign study it
self. A general question period
will follow the formal meeting.
Three speakers will present
their views on foreign scholar
ships and how they may be ob
tained at a conference in Bow
man Alumni Mouse this after
noon at 4:13, sponsored by the
Stanford Overseas Information
Service ot the lIR
Mary Ann Goldman, of the In
stitute of International Educa
tion. will report on latest devel
opinents concerning Fulbright
awards and the many scholar
ships administered by her organ
ization.
George Baer, newly selected
Rhodes Scholar to Oxford, will
discuss the Rhodes plan ot study
and how American students may
apply tor the 35 annual grants
which are good for two years in
England.
Herbert Hvmans, president of
the lIR and winner of both Ful
bright and Marshall awards, will
discuss the advantages of these
two grants and foreign study it
self. A general question period
will follow the formal meeting.
Three speakers will present
their views on foreign scholar
ships and how they may be ob
tained at a conference in Bow
man Alumni Mouse this after
noon at 4:13, sponsored by the
Stanford Overseas Information
Service ot the lIR
Mary Ann Goldman, of the In
stitute of International Educa
tion. will report on latest devel
opinents concerning Fulbright
awards and the many scholar
ships administered by her organ
ization.
George Baer, newly selected
Rhodes Scholar to Oxford, will
discuss the Rhodes plan ot study
and how American students may
apply tor the 35 annual grants
which are good for two years in
England.
Herbert Hvmans, president of
the lIR and winner of both Ful
bright and Marshall awards, will
discuss the advantages of these
two grants and foreign study it
self. A general question period
will follow the formal meeting.
Three speakers will present
their views on foreign scholar
ships and how they may be ob
tained at a conference in Bow
man Alumni Mouse this after
noon at 4:13, sponsored by the
Stanford Overseas Information
Service ot the lIR
Mary Ann Goldman, of the In
stitute of International Educa
tion. will report on latest devel
opinents concerning Fulbright
awards and the many scholar
ships administered by her organ
ization.
George Baer, newly selected
Rhodes Scholar to Oxford, will
discuss the Rhodes plan ot study
and how American students may
apply tor the 35 annual grants
which are good for two years in
England.
Herbert Hvmans, president of
the lIR and winner of both Ful
bright and Marshall awards, will
discuss the advantages of these
two grants and foreign study it
self. A general question period
will follow the formal meeting.
