# Premier Segni, West Suffer in Italian Politics
## Pro-West Christian Democrats Become Minority in Cabinet 
### 
ROME, May 5 (UP)â€”The pow
erful Social Democratic party de
cided today to pull out of the
government, guaranteeing the
downfall of Premier Antonio Se
gni and the ouster of Foreign
Minister Gaetano Martino, who
has guided Italy's pro - Western
policy for three years.
Deputy Premier Giuseppe Sa
ragat, a Social Democrat, an
nounced his decision to withdraw
from the coalition government at
a special party meeting this
morning. The decision will get
formal approval of a party di
rectorate meeting on Thursday.
Political Vendetta
Sources said both Segni and
Martino, a Liberal party mem
ber, were being made the vic
tims of a political vendetta.
It was an about-face for Sara
gat. Only a few weeks ago he
accepted the resignation of his
party secretary because the sec
retary wanted to quit Segni's co
alition.
Political sources said Saragat
apparently switched his position
because he spotted a split in Se
gni's ruling Christian Democrat
party and saw his chance to capi
talize on it.
In Minority
Withdrawal of the Social Dem
ocrats, coming on top of a with
drawal by the Republican party
earlier this year, put Segni's
Christian Democrats in the mi
nority.
Segni's cabinet was expected
to He replaced by another coali
tion which would bring the So
cial Democrats back into the gov
ernment. But Segni and Martino
would be out.
