# spotlight
## 
### 
.4 new statistical method that iden
tifies similar groups of genes from
large tissue samples could he used hy
health care professionals to predict
the effectiveness of treating patients
suffering 112 rom a variety of disorders
including cancer according to a re
search article published in Genome
Biology.
The method, named gene 'shaving'
because it cuts away useless or irrele
vant data to leave clusters of similar
genes, was used by the research team
at Stanford University, California,
U. S., to analyze the genetic informa
tion of tumors removed from patients
suffering from diff use large cell H
lymphoma {also occasionally referred
to as DLCL).
'One important motivation for de
veloping gene shaving was the wish to
identify distinct sets of genes whose
variation in expression could be relat
ed to a biological property of the sam
ples, " says Robert Tibshirani, one of
the lead researchers from the Stan
ford University project team. "In the
present example, finding genes whose
expression correlates with patient
suri'ival is an obvious challenge."
â€” from the Feb. 8 issue of The Hindu
