# Red Cross Panel To Hear Tarshis
## 
### 
S/ircitil to The Stanford Daily
Lorie Tarshis, head of the Eco
nomics Department, will partici
pate in a five-man panel discuss
ing "The Fund • Raising Chal
engc" this morning at the nation
al convention of the American
Red Cross in San Francisco.
Another panel member is Gen
eral Lucius D. Clay, national
chairman of the 1938 Red Cross
campaign.
S/ircitil to The Stanford Daily
Lorie Tarshis, head of the Eco
nomics Department, will partici
pate in a five-man panel discuss
ing "The Fund • Raising Chal
engc" this morning at the nation
al convention of the American
Red Cross in San Francisco.
Another panel member is Gen
eral Lucius D. Clay, national
chairman of the 1938 Red Cross
campaign.
S/ircitil to The Stanford Daily
Lorie Tarshis, head of the Eco
nomics Department, will partici
pate in a five-man panel discuss
ing "The Fund • Raising Chal
engc" this morning at the nation
al convention of the American
Red Cross in San Francisco.
Another panel member is Gen
eral Lucius D. Clay, national
chairman of the 1938 Red Cross
campaign.
S/ircitil to The Stanford Daily
Lorie Tarshis, head of the Eco
nomics Department, will partici
pate in a five-man panel discuss
ing "The Fund • Raising Chal
engc" this morning at the nation
al convention of the American
Red Cross in San Francisco.
Another panel member is Gen
eral Lucius D. Clay, national
chairman of the 1938 Red Cross
campaign.
S/ircitil to The Stanford Daily
Lorie Tarshis, head of the Eco
nomics Department, will partici
pate in a five-man panel discuss
ing "The Fund • Raising Chal
engc" this morning at the nation
al convention of the American
Red Cross in San Francisco.
Another panel member is Gen
eral Lucius D. Clay, national
chairman of the 1938 Red Cross
campaign.
S/ircitil to The Stanford Daily
Lorie Tarshis, head of the Eco
nomics Department, will partici
pate in a five-man panel discuss
ing "The Fund • Raising Chal
engc" this morning at the nation
al convention of the American
Red Cross in San Francisco.
Another panel member is Gen
eral Lucius D. Clay, national
chairman of the 1938 Red Cross
campaign.
S/ircitil to The Stanford Daily
Lorie Tarshis, head of the Eco
nomics Department, will partici
pate in a five-man panel discuss
ing "The Fund • Raising Chal
engc" this morning at the nation
al convention of the American
Red Cross in San Francisco.
Another panel member is Gen
eral Lucius D. Clay, national
chairman of the 1938 Red Cross
campaign.
S/ircitil to The Stanford Daily
Lorie Tarshis, head of the Eco
nomics Department, will partici
pate in a five-man panel discuss
ing "The Fund • Raising Chal
engc" this morning at the nation
al convention of the American
Red Cross in San Francisco.
Another panel member is Gen
eral Lucius D. Clay, national
chairman of the 1938 Red Cross
campaign.
S/ircitil to The Stanford Daily
Lorie Tarshis, head of the Eco
nomics Department, will partici
pate in a five-man panel discuss
ing "The Fund • Raising Chal
engc" this morning at the nation
al convention of the American
Red Cross in San Francisco.
Another panel member is Gen
eral Lucius D. Clay, national
chairman of the 1938 Red Cross
campaign.
S/ircitil to The Stanford Daily
Lorie Tarshis, head of the Eco
nomics Department, will partici
pate in a five-man panel discuss
ing "The Fund • Raising Chal
engc" this morning at the nation
al convention of the American
Red Cross in San Francisco.
Another panel member is Gen
eral Lucius D. Clay, national
chairman of the 1938 Red Cross
campaign.
S/ircitil to The Stanford Daily
Lorie Tarshis, head of the Eco
nomics Department, will partici
pate in a five-man panel discuss
ing "The Fund • Raising Chal
engc" this morning at the nation
al convention of the American
Red Cross in San Francisco.
Another panel member is Gen
eral Lucius D. Clay, national
chairman of the 1938 Red Cross
campaign.
S/ircitil to The Stanford Daily
Lorie Tarshis, head of the Eco
nomics Department, will partici
pate in a five-man panel discuss
ing "The Fund • Raising Chal
engc" this morning at the nation
al convention of the American
Red Cross in San Francisco.
Another panel member is Gen
eral Lucius D. Clay, national
chairman of the 1938 Red Cross
campaign.
S/ircitil to The Stanford Daily
Lorie Tarshis, head of the Eco
nomics Department, will partici
pate in a five-man panel discuss
ing "The Fund • Raising Chal
engc" this morning at the nation
al convention of the American
Red Cross in San Francisco.
Another panel member is Gen
eral Lucius D. Clay, national
chairman of the 1938 Red Cross
campaign.
S/ircitil to The Stanford Daily
Lorie Tarshis, head of the Eco
nomics Department, will partici
pate in a five-man panel discuss
ing "The Fund • Raising Chal
engc" this morning at the nation
al convention of the American
Red Cross in San Francisco.
Another panel member is Gen
eral Lucius D. Clay, national
chairman of the 1938 Red Cross
campaign.
S/ircitil to The Stanford Daily
Lorie Tarshis, head of the Eco
nomics Department, will partici
pate in a five-man panel discuss
ing "The Fund • Raising Chal
engc" this morning at the nation
al convention of the American
Red Cross in San Francisco.
Another panel member is Gen
eral Lucius D. Clay, national
chairman of the 1938 Red Cross
campaign.
S/ircitil to The Stanford Daily
Lorie Tarshis, head of the Eco
nomics Department, will partici
pate in a five-man panel discuss
ing "The Fund • Raising Chal
engc" this morning at the nation
al convention of the American
Red Cross in San Francisco.
Another panel member is Gen
eral Lucius D. Clay, national
chairman of the 1938 Red Cross
campaign.
S/ircitil to The Stanford Daily
Lorie Tarshis, head of the Eco
nomics Department, will partici
pate in a five-man panel discuss
ing "The Fund • Raising Chal
engc" this morning at the nation
al convention of the American
Red Cross in San Francisco.
Another panel member is Gen
eral Lucius D. Clay, national
chairman of the 1938 Red Cross
campaign.
