# Stern Drawing
## 
### 
Off-campus men students who
wish to live in Stern Hall next
year must sign up for house
drawing in the Housing Office
Thursday, according to Dean of
Men William G. Craig.
Off-campus men students who
wish to live in Stern Hall next
year must sign up for house
drawing in the Housing Office
Thursday, according to Dean of
Men William G. Craig.
Off-campus men students who
wish to live in Stern Hall next
year must sign up for house
drawing in the Housing Office
Thursday, according to Dean of
Men William G. Craig.
Off-campus men students who
wish to live in Stern Hall next
year must sign up for house
drawing in the Housing Office
Thursday, according to Dean of
Men William G. Craig.
Off-campus men students who
wish to live in Stern Hall next
year must sign up for house
drawing in the Housing Office
Thursday, according to Dean of
Men William G. Craig.
Off-campus men students who
wish to live in Stern Hall next
year must sign up for house
drawing in the Housing Office
Thursday, according to Dean of
Men William G. Craig.
Off-campus men students who
wish to live in Stern Hall next
year must sign up for house
drawing in the Housing Office
Thursday, according to Dean of
Men William G. Craig.
Off-campus men students who
wish to live in Stern Hall next
year must sign up for house
drawing in the Housing Office
Thursday, according to Dean of
Men William G. Craig.
Off-campus men students who
wish to live in Stern Hall next
year must sign up for house
drawing in the Housing Office
Thursday, according to Dean of
Men William G. Craig.
Off-campus men students who
wish to live in Stern Hall next
year must sign up for house
drawing in the Housing Office
Thursday, according to Dean of
Men William G. Craig.
Off-campus men students who
wish to live in Stern Hall next
year must sign up for house
drawing in the Housing Office
Thursday, according to Dean of
Men William G. Craig.
Off-campus men students who
wish to live in Stern Hall next
year must sign up for house
drawing in the Housing Office
Thursday, according to Dean of
Men William G. Craig.
Off-campus men students who
wish to live in Stern Hall next
year must sign up for house
drawing in the Housing Office
Thursday, according to Dean of
Men William G. Craig.
Off-campus men students who
wish to live in Stern Hall next
year must sign up for house
drawing in the Housing Office
Thursday, according to Dean of
Men William G. Craig.
Off-campus men students who
wish to live in Stern Hall next
year must sign up for house
drawing in the Housing Office
Thursday, according to Dean of
Men William G. Craig.
Off-campus men students who
wish to live in Stern Hall next
year must sign up for house
drawing in the Housing Office
Thursday, according to Dean of
Men William G. Craig.
Off-campus men students who
wish to live in Stern Hall next
year must sign up for house
drawing in the Housing Office
Thursday, according to Dean of
Men William G. Craig.
