# Adv. 8 Page 3
## 
### 
Welcome—
and
Good Luck
We know you will look
forward to your new ad
venture of work and fun
with the same enthusiasm
with which Stanford and
# Palo Alto welcome you.
Please feel free to make
yourselves known to us
and allow us to help you
when we can.
Welcome—
and
Good Luck
We know you will look
forward to your new ad
venture of work and fun
with the same enthusiasm
with which Stanford and
# Palo Alto welcome you.
Please feel free to make
yourselves known to us
and allow us to help you
when we can.
Welcome—
and
Good Luck
We know you will look
forward to your new ad
venture of work and fun
with the same enthusiasm
with which Stanford and
# Palo Alto welcome you.
Please feel free to make
yourselves known to us
and allow us to help you
when we can.
Welcome—
and
Good Luck
We know you will look
forward to your new ad
venture of work and fun
with the same enthusiasm
with which Stanford and
# Palo Alto welcome you.
Please feel free to make
yourselves known to us
and allow us to help you
when we can.
Welcome—
and
Good Luck
We know you will look
forward to your new ad
venture of work and fun
with the same enthusiasm
with which Stanford and
# Palo Alto welcome you.
Please feel free to make
yourselves known to us
and allow us to help you
when we can.
Welcome—
and
Good Luck
We know you will look
forward to your new ad
venture of work and fun
with the same enthusiasm
with which Stanford and
# Palo Alto welcome you.
Please feel free to make
yourselves known to us
and allow us to help you
when we can.
Welcome—
and
Good Luck
We know you will look
forward to your new ad
venture of work and fun
with the same enthusiasm
with which Stanford and
# Palo Alto welcome you.
Please feel free to make
yourselves known to us
and allow us to help you
when we can.
Welcome—
and
Good Luck
We know you will look
forward to your new ad
venture of work and fun
with the same enthusiasm
with which Stanford and
# Palo Alto welcome you.
Please feel free to make
yourselves known to us
and allow us to help you
when we can.
Welcome—
and
Good Luck
We know you will look
forward to your new ad
venture of work and fun
with the same enthusiasm
with which Stanford and
# Palo Alto welcome you.
Please feel free to make
yourselves known to us
and allow us to help you
when we can.
Welcome—
and
Good Luck
We know you will look
forward to your new ad
venture of work and fun
with the same enthusiasm
with which Stanford and
# Palo Alto welcome you.
Please feel free to make
yourselves known to us
and allow us to help you
when we can.
Welcome—
and
Good Luck
We know you will look
forward to your new ad
venture of work and fun
with the same enthusiasm
with which Stanford and
# Palo Alto welcome you.
Please feel free to make
yourselves known to us
and allow us to help you
when we can.
Welcome—
and
Good Luck
We know you will look
forward to your new ad
venture of work and fun
with the same enthusiasm
with which Stanford and
# Palo Alto welcome you.
Please feel free to make
yourselves known to us
and allow us to help you
when we can.
Welcome—
and
Good Luck
We know you will look
forward to your new ad
venture of work and fun
with the same enthusiasm
with which Stanford and
# Palo Alto welcome you.
Please feel free to make
yourselves known to us
and allow us to help you
when we can.
Welcome—
and
Good Luck
We know you will look
forward to your new ad
venture of work and fun
with the same enthusiasm
with which Stanford and
# Palo Alto welcome you.
Please feel free to make
yourselves known to us
and allow us to help you
when we can.
Welcome—
and
Good Luck
We know you will look
forward to your new ad
venture of work and fun
with the same enthusiasm
with which Stanford and
# Palo Alto welcome you.
Please feel free to make
yourselves known to us
and allow us to help you
when we can.
