# Subscriptions Sell For Autumn Daily
## 
### 
Daliy business manager Paul Berg
announces that new or old students
who want subscriptions may obtain
them at the Daily business office of
the Shack.
Quarterly subscriptions are $2;
yearly rate is $5.
Daliy business manager Paul Berg
announces that new or old students
who want subscriptions may obtain
them at the Daily business office of
the Shack.
Quarterly subscriptions are $2;
yearly rate is $5.
Daliy business manager Paul Berg
announces that new or old students
who want subscriptions may obtain
them at the Daily business office of
the Shack.
Quarterly subscriptions are $2;
yearly rate is $5.
Daliy business manager Paul Berg
announces that new or old students
who want subscriptions may obtain
them at the Daily business office of
the Shack.
Quarterly subscriptions are $2;
yearly rate is $5.
Daliy business manager Paul Berg
announces that new or old students
who want subscriptions may obtain
them at the Daily business office of
the Shack.
Quarterly subscriptions are $2;
yearly rate is $5.
Daliy business manager Paul Berg
announces that new or old students
who want subscriptions may obtain
them at the Daily business office of
the Shack.
Quarterly subscriptions are $2;
yearly rate is $5.
Daliy business manager Paul Berg
announces that new or old students
who want subscriptions may obtain
them at the Daily business office of
the Shack.
Quarterly subscriptions are $2;
yearly rate is $5.
Daliy business manager Paul Berg
announces that new or old students
who want subscriptions may obtain
them at the Daily business office of
the Shack.
Quarterly subscriptions are $2;
yearly rate is $5.
Daliy business manager Paul Berg
announces that new or old students
who want subscriptions may obtain
them at the Daily business office of
the Shack.
Quarterly subscriptions are $2;
yearly rate is $5.
Daliy business manager Paul Berg
announces that new or old students
who want subscriptions may obtain
them at the Daily business office of
the Shack.
Quarterly subscriptions are $2;
yearly rate is $5.
Daliy business manager Paul Berg
announces that new or old students
who want subscriptions may obtain
them at the Daily business office of
the Shack.
Quarterly subscriptions are $2;
yearly rate is $5.
Daliy business manager Paul Berg
announces that new or old students
who want subscriptions may obtain
them at the Daily business office of
the Shack.
Quarterly subscriptions are $2;
yearly rate is $5.
Daliy business manager Paul Berg
announces that new or old students
who want subscriptions may obtain
them at the Daily business office of
the Shack.
Quarterly subscriptions are $2;
yearly rate is $5.
Daliy business manager Paul Berg
announces that new or old students
who want subscriptions may obtain
them at the Daily business office of
the Shack.
Quarterly subscriptions are $2;
yearly rate is $5.
Daliy business manager Paul Berg
announces that new or old students
who want subscriptions may obtain
them at the Daily business office of
the Shack.
Quarterly subscriptions are $2;
yearly rate is $5.
