# FIJI REUNION
## 
### 
All members of Phi Gamma Delta
fraternity now attending Stanford
are requested to call John Wickett,
Palo Alio 24631, for the purpose of
reorganizing the Stanford chapter
and to plan a Fiji
cording to Arthur Magnuson. This
request applies to members of any
Phi Gamma Delta chapter in the
country, and not to Stanford mem
bers alone.
All members of Phi Gamma Delta
fraternity now attending Stanford
are requested to call John Wickett,
Palo Alio 24631, for the purpose of
reorganizing the Stanford chapter
and to plan a Fiji
cording to Arthur Magnuson. This
request applies to members of any
Phi Gamma Delta chapter in the
country, and not to Stanford mem
bers alone.
All members of Phi Gamma Delta
fraternity now attending Stanford
are requested to call John Wickett,
Palo Alio 24631, for the purpose of
reorganizing the Stanford chapter
and to plan a Fiji
cording to Arthur Magnuson. This
request applies to members of any
Phi Gamma Delta chapter in the
country, and not to Stanford mem
bers alone.
All members of Phi Gamma Delta
fraternity now attending Stanford
are requested to call John Wickett,
Palo Alio 24631, for the purpose of
reorganizing the Stanford chapter
and to plan a Fiji
cording to Arthur Magnuson. This
request applies to members of any
Phi Gamma Delta chapter in the
country, and not to Stanford mem
bers alone.
All members of Phi Gamma Delta
fraternity now attending Stanford
are requested to call John Wickett,
Palo Alio 24631, for the purpose of
reorganizing the Stanford chapter
and to plan a Fiji
cording to Arthur Magnuson. This
request applies to members of any
Phi Gamma Delta chapter in the
country, and not to Stanford mem
bers alone.
All members of Phi Gamma Delta
fraternity now attending Stanford
are requested to call John Wickett,
Palo Alio 24631, for the purpose of
reorganizing the Stanford chapter
and to plan a Fiji
cording to Arthur Magnuson. This
request applies to members of any
Phi Gamma Delta chapter in the
country, and not to Stanford mem
bers alone.
All members of Phi Gamma Delta
fraternity now attending Stanford
are requested to call John Wickett,
Palo Alio 24631, for the purpose of
reorganizing the Stanford chapter
and to plan a Fiji
cording to Arthur Magnuson. This
request applies to members of any
Phi Gamma Delta chapter in the
country, and not to Stanford mem
bers alone.
All members of Phi Gamma Delta
fraternity now attending Stanford
are requested to call John Wickett,
Palo Alio 24631, for the purpose of
reorganizing the Stanford chapter
and to plan a Fiji
cording to Arthur Magnuson. This
request applies to members of any
Phi Gamma Delta chapter in the
country, and not to Stanford mem
bers alone.
All members of Phi Gamma Delta
fraternity now attending Stanford
are requested to call John Wickett,
Palo Alio 24631, for the purpose of
reorganizing the Stanford chapter
and to plan a Fiji
cording to Arthur Magnuson. This
request applies to members of any
Phi Gamma Delta chapter in the
country, and not to Stanford mem
bers alone.
All members of Phi Gamma Delta
fraternity now attending Stanford
are requested to call John Wickett,
Palo Alio 24631, for the purpose of
reorganizing the Stanford chapter
and to plan a Fiji
cording to Arthur Magnuson. This
request applies to members of any
Phi Gamma Delta chapter in the
country, and not to Stanford mem
bers alone.
All members of Phi Gamma Delta
fraternity now attending Stanford
are requested to call John Wickett,
Palo Alio 24631, for the purpose of
reorganizing the Stanford chapter
and to plan a Fiji
cording to Arthur Magnuson. This
request applies to members of any
Phi Gamma Delta chapter in the
country, and not to Stanford mem
bers alone.
All members of Phi Gamma Delta
fraternity now attending Stanford
are requested to call John Wickett,
Palo Alio 24631, for the purpose of
reorganizing the Stanford chapter
and to plan a Fiji
cording to Arthur Magnuson. This
request applies to members of any
Phi Gamma Delta chapter in the
country, and not to Stanford mem
bers alone.
All members of Phi Gamma Delta
fraternity now attending Stanford
are requested to call John Wickett,
Palo Alio 24631, for the purpose of
reorganizing the Stanford chapter
and to plan a Fiji
cording to Arthur Magnuson. This
request applies to members of any
Phi Gamma Delta chapter in the
country, and not to Stanford mem
bers alone.
All members of Phi Gamma Delta
fraternity now attending Stanford
are requested to call John Wickett,
Palo Alio 24631, for the purpose of
reorganizing the Stanford chapter
and to plan a Fiji
cording to Arthur Magnuson. This
request applies to members of any
Phi Gamma Delta chapter in the
country, and not to Stanford mem
bers alone.
All members of Phi Gamma Delta
fraternity now attending Stanford
are requested to call John Wickett,
Palo Alio 24631, for the purpose of
reorganizing the Stanford chapter
and to plan a Fiji
cording to Arthur Magnuson. This
request applies to members of any
Phi Gamma Delta chapter in the
country, and not to Stanford mem
bers alone.
