# 29 Named To Faculty
## 
### 
Following are the % names of 29
newly-appointed Stanford faculty
members for the academic year of
1045-46. All appointments have been
approved by the Board of Trustees.
Mrs. Katherinc Archibald, in
structor in history; Mr. Donald
Bean, director of the Stanford
Press; Miss Julia A. Bramlagc,
acting instructor in Romanic lan
guages; Mr. Franklin A. Butter,
acting assistant professor of math
ematics; Dr. Meribeth Cameron,
visiting professor of history.
Mr. George B. Cressey, visiting
professor of geography; Mr. Maurice
P. Cunningham, instructor in clas
sics; Mr. James Dilley, instructor in
history; Mr. Newell Ford, instructor
in English; Miss Evelyn M. Gombert,
instructor in psychiatric nursing,
School of Medicine, San Francisco.
Mr. Theodore M. Greene, visiting
professor of Humanities; Mr. Al
fred 11. Grommon, assistant pro
fessor of education and English;
Mr. Garret! Hardin, acting assist
ant professor of biology (autumn
quarter); Dr. Robert L. Housman,
acting professor of journalism.
Mr. Norman H. Horowitz, acting
assistant professor of biology (au
tumn quarter); Dr. Richard Foster
Jones, professor of English; Mr. Ken
neth Johnson, instructor in eco
nomics: Mr. Arville Irving Levorsen,
professor of geology; Mr. Arthur A.
Mandelbaum, acting assistant pro
fessor of economics; Mr. Anatole G.
Mazour, visiting professor, School of
Humanities; Mr. Henry A. Myers,
acting professor of speech and
drama.
Mr. Felix Legrand, instructor in
Romanic languages; Dr. Edwin J.
Owens, visiting professor of law;
Miss Madeline Louise Ritter. in
structor in medical nursing. School
of Medicine, San Francisco; Mr.
David Salmon, acting instructor in
social sciences; Mr. John M. Stal
naker. professor of psychology and
dean of students; Mr. Wallace E.
Stcgner, acting professor of Eng
lish; Mr. Theodore E. Vcrhaarcn,
instructor in Germanic languages;
and Dr. Charlotte Wells, acting as
sistant professor of speech and
drama.
Following are the % names of 29
newly-appointed Stanford faculty
members for the academic year of
1045-46. All appointments have been
approved by the Board of Trustees.
Mrs. Katherinc Archibald, in
structor in history; Mr. Donald
Bean, director of the Stanford
Press; Miss Julia A. Bramlagc,
acting instructor in Romanic lan
guages; Mr. Franklin A. Butter,
acting assistant professor of math
ematics; Dr. Meribeth Cameron,
visiting professor of history.
Mr. George B. Cressey, visiting
professor of geography; Mr. Maurice
P. Cunningham, instructor in clas
sics; Mr. James Dilley, instructor in
history; Mr. Newell Ford, instructor
in English; Miss Evelyn M. Gombert,
instructor in psychiatric nursing,
School of Medicine, San Francisco.
Mr. Theodore M. Greene, visiting
professor of Humanities; Mr. Al
fred 11. Grommon, assistant pro
fessor of education and English;
Mr. Garret! Hardin, acting assist
ant professor of biology (autumn
quarter); Dr. Robert L. Housman,
acting professor of journalism.
Mr. Norman H. Horowitz, acting
assistant professor of biology (au
tumn quarter); Dr. Richard Foster
Jones, professor of English; Mr. Ken
neth Johnson, instructor in eco
nomics: Mr. Arville Irving Levorsen,
professor of geology; Mr. Arthur A.
Mandelbaum, acting assistant pro
fessor of economics; Mr. Anatole G.
Mazour, visiting professor, School of
Humanities; Mr. Henry A. Myers,
acting professor of speech and
drama.
Mr. Felix Legrand, instructor in
Romanic languages; Dr. Edwin J.
Owens, visiting professor of law;
Miss Madeline Louise Ritter. in
structor in medical nursing. School
of Medicine, San Francisco; Mr.
David Salmon, acting instructor in
social sciences; Mr. John M. Stal
naker. professor of psychology and
dean of students; Mr. Wallace E.
Stcgner, acting professor of Eng
lish; Mr. Theodore E. Vcrhaarcn,
instructor in Germanic languages;
and Dr. Charlotte Wells, acting as
sistant professor of speech and
drama.
Following are the % names of 29
newly-appointed Stanford faculty
members for the academic year of
1045-46. All appointments have been
approved by the Board of Trustees.
Mrs. Katherinc Archibald, in
structor in history; Mr. Donald
Bean, director of the Stanford
Press; Miss Julia A. Bramlagc,
acting instructor in Romanic lan
guages; Mr. Franklin A. Butter,
acting assistant professor of math
ematics; Dr. Meribeth Cameron,
visiting professor of history.
Mr. George B. Cressey, visiting
professor of geography; Mr. Maurice
P. Cunningham, instructor in clas
sics; Mr. James Dilley, instructor in
history; Mr. Newell Ford, instructor
in English; Miss Evelyn M. Gombert,
instructor in psychiatric nursing,
School of Medicine, San Francisco.
Mr. Theodore M. Greene, visiting
professor of Humanities; Mr. Al
fred 11. Grommon, assistant pro
fessor of education and English;
Mr. Garret! Hardin, acting assist
ant professor of biology (autumn
quarter); Dr. Robert L. Housman,
acting professor of journalism.
Mr. Norman H. Horowitz, acting
assistant professor of biology (au
tumn quarter); Dr. Richard Foster
Jones, professor of English; Mr. Ken
neth Johnson, instructor in eco
nomics: Mr. Arville Irving Levorsen,
professor of geology; Mr. Arthur A.
Mandelbaum, acting assistant pro
fessor of economics; Mr. Anatole G.
Mazour, visiting professor, School of
Humanities; Mr. Henry A. Myers,
acting professor of speech and
drama.
Mr. Felix Legrand, instructor in
Romanic languages; Dr. Edwin J.
Owens, visiting professor of law;
Miss Madeline Louise Ritter. in
structor in medical nursing. School
of Medicine, San Francisco; Mr.
David Salmon, acting instructor in
social sciences; Mr. John M. Stal
naker. professor of psychology and
dean of students; Mr. Wallace E.
Stcgner, acting professor of Eng
lish; Mr. Theodore E. Vcrhaarcn,
instructor in Germanic languages;
and Dr. Charlotte Wells, acting as
sistant professor of speech and
drama.
Following are the % names of 29
newly-appointed Stanford faculty
members for the academic year of
1045-46. All appointments have been
approved by the Board of Trustees.
Mrs. Katherinc Archibald, in
structor in history; Mr. Donald
Bean, director of the Stanford
Press; Miss Julia A. Bramlagc,
acting instructor in Romanic lan
guages; Mr. Franklin A. Butter,
acting assistant professor of math
ematics; Dr. Meribeth Cameron,
visiting professor of history.
Mr. George B. Cressey, visiting
professor of geography; Mr. Maurice
P. Cunningham, instructor in clas
sics; Mr. James Dilley, instructor in
history; Mr. Newell Ford, instructor
in English; Miss Evelyn M. Gombert,
instructor in psychiatric nursing,
School of Medicine, San Francisco.
Mr. Theodore M. Greene, visiting
professor of Humanities; Mr. Al
fred 11. Grommon, assistant pro
fessor of education and English;
Mr. Garret! Hardin, acting assist
ant professor of biology (autumn
quarter); Dr. Robert L. Housman,
acting professor of journalism.
Mr. Norman H. Horowitz, acting
assistant professor of biology (au
tumn quarter); Dr. Richard Foster
Jones, professor of English; Mr. Ken
neth Johnson, instructor in eco
nomics: Mr. Arville Irving Levorsen,
professor of geology; Mr. Arthur A.
Mandelbaum, acting assistant pro
fessor of economics; Mr. Anatole G.
Mazour, visiting professor, School of
Humanities; Mr. Henry A. Myers,
acting professor of speech and
drama.
Mr. Felix Legrand, instructor in
Romanic languages; Dr. Edwin J.
Owens, visiting professor of law;
Miss Madeline Louise Ritter. in
structor in medical nursing. School
of Medicine, San Francisco; Mr.
David Salmon, acting instructor in
social sciences; Mr. John M. Stal
naker. professor of psychology and
dean of students; Mr. Wallace E.
Stcgner, acting professor of Eng
lish; Mr. Theodore E. Vcrhaarcn,
instructor in Germanic languages;
and Dr. Charlotte Wells, acting as
sistant professor of speech and
drama.
Following are the % names of 29
newly-appointed Stanford faculty
members for the academic year of
1045-46. All appointments have been
approved by the Board of Trustees.
Mrs. Katherinc Archibald, in
structor in history; Mr. Donald
Bean, director of the Stanford
Press; Miss Julia A. Bramlagc,
acting instructor in Romanic lan
guages; Mr. Franklin A. Butter,
acting assistant professor of math
ematics; Dr. Meribeth Cameron,
visiting professor of history.
Mr. George B. Cressey, visiting
professor of geography; Mr. Maurice
P. Cunningham, instructor in clas
sics; Mr. James Dilley, instructor in
history; Mr. Newell Ford, instructor
in English; Miss Evelyn M. Gombert,
instructor in psychiatric nursing,
School of Medicine, San Francisco.
Mr. Theodore M. Greene, visiting
professor of Humanities; Mr. Al
fred 11. Grommon, assistant pro
fessor of education and English;
Mr. Garret! Hardin, acting assist
ant professor of biology (autumn
quarter); Dr. Robert L. Housman,
acting professor of journalism.
Mr. Norman H. Horowitz, acting
assistant professor of biology (au
tumn quarter); Dr. Richard Foster
Jones, professor of English; Mr. Ken
neth Johnson, instructor in eco
nomics: Mr. Arville Irving Levorsen,
professor of geology; Mr. Arthur A.
Mandelbaum, acting assistant pro
fessor of economics; Mr. Anatole G.
Mazour, visiting professor, School of
Humanities; Mr. Henry A. Myers,
acting professor of speech and
drama.
Mr. Felix Legrand, instructor in
Romanic languages; Dr. Edwin J.
Owens, visiting professor of law;
Miss Madeline Louise Ritter. in
structor in medical nursing. School
of Medicine, San Francisco; Mr.
David Salmon, acting instructor in
social sciences; Mr. John M. Stal
naker. professor of psychology and
dean of students; Mr. Wallace E.
Stcgner, acting professor of Eng
lish; Mr. Theodore E. Vcrhaarcn,
instructor in Germanic languages;
and Dr. Charlotte Wells, acting as
sistant professor of speech and
drama.
Following are the % names of 29
newly-appointed Stanford faculty
members for the academic year of
1045-46. All appointments have been
approved by the Board of Trustees.
Mrs. Katherinc Archibald, in
structor in history; Mr. Donald
Bean, director of the Stanford
Press; Miss Julia A. Bramlagc,
acting instructor in Romanic lan
guages; Mr. Franklin A. Butter,
acting assistant professor of math
ematics; Dr. Meribeth Cameron,
visiting professor of history.
Mr. George B. Cressey, visiting
professor of geography; Mr. Maurice
P. Cunningham, instructor in clas
sics; Mr. James Dilley, instructor in
history; Mr. Newell Ford, instructor
in English; Miss Evelyn M. Gombert,
instructor in psychiatric nursing,
School of Medicine, San Francisco.
Mr. Theodore M. Greene, visiting
professor of Humanities; Mr. Al
fred 11. Grommon, assistant pro
fessor of education and English;
Mr. Garret! Hardin, acting assist
ant professor of biology (autumn
quarter); Dr. Robert L. Housman,
acting professor of journalism.
Mr. Norman H. Horowitz, acting
assistant professor of biology (au
tumn quarter); Dr. Richard Foster
Jones, professor of English; Mr. Ken
neth Johnson, instructor in eco
nomics: Mr. Arville Irving Levorsen,
professor of geology; Mr. Arthur A.
Mandelbaum, acting assistant pro
fessor of economics; Mr. Anatole G.
Mazour, visiting professor, School of
Humanities; Mr. Henry A. Myers,
acting professor of speech and
drama.
Mr. Felix Legrand, instructor in
Romanic languages; Dr. Edwin J.
Owens, visiting professor of law;
Miss Madeline Louise Ritter. in
structor in medical nursing. School
of Medicine, San Francisco; Mr.
David Salmon, acting instructor in
social sciences; Mr. John M. Stal
naker. professor of psychology and
dean of students; Mr. Wallace E.
Stcgner, acting professor of Eng
lish; Mr. Theodore E. Vcrhaarcn,
instructor in Germanic languages;
and Dr. Charlotte Wells, acting as
sistant professor of speech and
drama.
Following are the % names of 29
newly-appointed Stanford faculty
members for the academic year of
1045-46. All appointments have been
approved by the Board of Trustees.
Mrs. Katherinc Archibald, in
structor in history; Mr. Donald
Bean, director of the Stanford
Press; Miss Julia A. Bramlagc,
acting instructor in Romanic lan
guages; Mr. Franklin A. Butter,
acting assistant professor of math
ematics; Dr. Meribeth Cameron,
visiting professor of history.
Mr. George B. Cressey, visiting
professor of geography; Mr. Maurice
P. Cunningham, instructor in clas
sics; Mr. James Dilley, instructor in
history; Mr. Newell Ford, instructor
in English; Miss Evelyn M. Gombert,
instructor in psychiatric nursing,
School of Medicine, San Francisco.
Mr. Theodore M. Greene, visiting
professor of Humanities; Mr. Al
fred 11. Grommon, assistant pro
fessor of education and English;
Mr. Garret! Hardin, acting assist
ant professor of biology (autumn
quarter); Dr. Robert L. Housman,
acting professor of journalism.
Mr. Norman H. Horowitz, acting
assistant professor of biology (au
tumn quarter); Dr. Richard Foster
Jones, professor of English; Mr. Ken
neth Johnson, instructor in eco
nomics: Mr. Arville Irving Levorsen,
professor of geology; Mr. Arthur A.
Mandelbaum, acting assistant pro
fessor of economics; Mr. Anatole G.
Mazour, visiting professor, School of
Humanities; Mr. Henry A. Myers,
acting professor of speech and
drama.
Mr. Felix Legrand, instructor in
Romanic languages; Dr. Edwin J.
Owens, visiting professor of law;
Miss Madeline Louise Ritter. in
structor in medical nursing. School
of Medicine, San Francisco; Mr.
David Salmon, acting instructor in
social sciences; Mr. John M. Stal
naker. professor of psychology and
dean of students; Mr. Wallace E.
Stcgner, acting professor of Eng
lish; Mr. Theodore E. Vcrhaarcn,
instructor in Germanic languages;
and Dr. Charlotte Wells, acting as
sistant professor of speech and
drama.
Following are the % names of 29
newly-appointed Stanford faculty
members for the academic year of
1045-46. All appointments have been
approved by the Board of Trustees.
Mrs. Katherinc Archibald, in
structor in history; Mr. Donald
Bean, director of the Stanford
Press; Miss Julia A. Bramlagc,
acting instructor in Romanic lan
guages; Mr. Franklin A. Butter,
acting assistant professor of math
ematics; Dr. Meribeth Cameron,
visiting professor of history.
Mr. George B. Cressey, visiting
professor of geography; Mr. Maurice
P. Cunningham, instructor in clas
sics; Mr. James Dilley, instructor in
history; Mr. Newell Ford, instructor
in English; Miss Evelyn M. Gombert,
instructor in psychiatric nursing,
School of Medicine, San Francisco.
Mr. Theodore M. Greene, visiting
professor of Humanities; Mr. Al
fred 11. Grommon, assistant pro
fessor of education and English;
Mr. Garret! Hardin, acting assist
ant professor of biology (autumn
quarter); Dr. Robert L. Housman,
acting professor of journalism.
Mr. Norman H. Horowitz, acting
assistant professor of biology (au
tumn quarter); Dr. Richard Foster
Jones, professor of English; Mr. Ken
neth Johnson, instructor in eco
nomics: Mr. Arville Irving Levorsen,
professor of geology; Mr. Arthur A.
Mandelbaum, acting assistant pro
fessor of economics; Mr. Anatole G.
Mazour, visiting professor, School of
Humanities; Mr. Henry A. Myers,
acting professor of speech and
drama.
Mr. Felix Legrand, instructor in
Romanic languages; Dr. Edwin J.
Owens, visiting professor of law;
Miss Madeline Louise Ritter. in
structor in medical nursing. School
of Medicine, San Francisco; Mr.
David Salmon, acting instructor in
social sciences; Mr. John M. Stal
naker. professor of psychology and
dean of students; Mr. Wallace E.
Stcgner, acting professor of Eng
lish; Mr. Theodore E. Vcrhaarcn,
instructor in Germanic languages;
and Dr. Charlotte Wells, acting as
sistant professor of speech and
drama.
Following are the % names of 29
newly-appointed Stanford faculty
members for the academic year of
1045-46. All appointments have been
approved by the Board of Trustees.
Mrs. Katherinc Archibald, in
structor in history; Mr. Donald
Bean, director of the Stanford
Press; Miss Julia A. Bramlagc,
acting instructor in Romanic lan
guages; Mr. Franklin A. Butter,
acting assistant professor of math
ematics; Dr. Meribeth Cameron,
visiting professor of history.
Mr. George B. Cressey, visiting
professor of geography; Mr. Maurice
P. Cunningham, instructor in clas
sics; Mr. James Dilley, instructor in
history; Mr. Newell Ford, instructor
in English; Miss Evelyn M. Gombert,
instructor in psychiatric nursing,
School of Medicine, San Francisco.
Mr. Theodore M. Greene, visiting
professor of Humanities; Mr. Al
fred 11. Grommon, assistant pro
fessor of education and English;
Mr. Garret! Hardin, acting assist
ant professor of biology (autumn
quarter); Dr. Robert L. Housman,
acting professor of journalism.
Mr. Norman H. Horowitz, acting
assistant professor of biology (au
tumn quarter); Dr. Richard Foster
Jones, professor of English; Mr. Ken
neth Johnson, instructor in eco
nomics: Mr. Arville Irving Levorsen,
professor of geology; Mr. Arthur A.
Mandelbaum, acting assistant pro
fessor of economics; Mr. Anatole G.
Mazour, visiting professor, School of
Humanities; Mr. Henry A. Myers,
acting professor of speech and
drama.
Mr. Felix Legrand, instructor in
Romanic languages; Dr. Edwin J.
Owens, visiting professor of law;
Miss Madeline Louise Ritter. in
structor in medical nursing. School
of Medicine, San Francisco; Mr.
David Salmon, acting instructor in
social sciences; Mr. John M. Stal
naker. professor of psychology and
dean of students; Mr. Wallace E.
Stcgner, acting professor of Eng
lish; Mr. Theodore E. Vcrhaarcn,
instructor in Germanic languages;
and Dr. Charlotte Wells, acting as
sistant professor of speech and
drama.
Following are the % names of 29
newly-appointed Stanford faculty
members for the academic year of
1045-46. All appointments have been
approved by the Board of Trustees.
Mrs. Katherinc Archibald, in
structor in history; Mr. Donald
Bean, director of the Stanford
Press; Miss Julia A. Bramlagc,
acting instructor in Romanic lan
guages; Mr. Franklin A. Butter,
acting assistant professor of math
ematics; Dr. Meribeth Cameron,
visiting professor of history.
Mr. George B. Cressey, visiting
professor of geography; Mr. Maurice
P. Cunningham, instructor in clas
sics; Mr. James Dilley, instructor in
history; Mr. Newell Ford, instructor
in English; Miss Evelyn M. Gombert,
instructor in psychiatric nursing,
School of Medicine, San Francisco.
Mr. Theodore M. Greene, visiting
professor of Humanities; Mr. Al
fred 11. Grommon, assistant pro
fessor of education and English;
Mr. Garret! Hardin, acting assist
ant professor of biology (autumn
quarter); Dr. Robert L. Housman,
acting professor of journalism.
Mr. Norman H. Horowitz, acting
assistant professor of biology (au
tumn quarter); Dr. Richard Foster
Jones, professor of English; Mr. Ken
neth Johnson, instructor in eco
nomics: Mr. Arville Irving Levorsen,
professor of geology; Mr. Arthur A.
Mandelbaum, acting assistant pro
fessor of economics; Mr. Anatole G.
Mazour, visiting professor, School of
Humanities; Mr. Henry A. Myers,
acting professor of speech and
drama.
Mr. Felix Legrand, instructor in
Romanic languages; Dr. Edwin J.
Owens, visiting professor of law;
Miss Madeline Louise Ritter. in
structor in medical nursing. School
of Medicine, San Francisco; Mr.
David Salmon, acting instructor in
social sciences; Mr. John M. Stal
naker. professor of psychology and
dean of students; Mr. Wallace E.
Stcgner, acting professor of Eng
lish; Mr. Theodore E. Vcrhaarcn,
instructor in Germanic languages;
and Dr. Charlotte Wells, acting as
sistant professor of speech and
drama.
Following are the % names of 29
newly-appointed Stanford faculty
members for the academic year of
1045-46. All appointments have been
approved by the Board of Trustees.
Mrs. Katherinc Archibald, in
structor in history; Mr. Donald
Bean, director of the Stanford
Press; Miss Julia A. Bramlagc,
acting instructor in Romanic lan
guages; Mr. Franklin A. Butter,
acting assistant professor of math
ematics; Dr. Meribeth Cameron,
visiting professor of history.
Mr. George B. Cressey, visiting
professor of geography; Mr. Maurice
P. Cunningham, instructor in clas
sics; Mr. James Dilley, instructor in
history; Mr. Newell Ford, instructor
in English; Miss Evelyn M. Gombert,
instructor in psychiatric nursing,
School of Medicine, San Francisco.
Mr. Theodore M. Greene, visiting
professor of Humanities; Mr. Al
fred 11. Grommon, assistant pro
fessor of education and English;
Mr. Garret! Hardin, acting assist
ant professor of biology (autumn
quarter); Dr. Robert L. Housman,
acting professor of journalism.
Mr. Norman H. Horowitz, acting
assistant professor of biology (au
tumn quarter); Dr. Richard Foster
Jones, professor of English; Mr. Ken
neth Johnson, instructor in eco
nomics: Mr. Arville Irving Levorsen,
professor of geology; Mr. Arthur A.
Mandelbaum, acting assistant pro
fessor of economics; Mr. Anatole G.
Mazour, visiting professor, School of
Humanities; Mr. Henry A. Myers,
acting professor of speech and
drama.
Mr. Felix Legrand, instructor in
Romanic languages; Dr. Edwin J.
Owens, visiting professor of law;
Miss Madeline Louise Ritter. in
structor in medical nursing. School
of Medicine, San Francisco; Mr.
David Salmon, acting instructor in
social sciences; Mr. John M. Stal
naker. professor of psychology and
dean of students; Mr. Wallace E.
Stcgner, acting professor of Eng
lish; Mr. Theodore E. Vcrhaarcn,
instructor in Germanic languages;
and Dr. Charlotte Wells, acting as
sistant professor of speech and
drama.
Following are the % names of 29
newly-appointed Stanford faculty
members for the academic year of
1045-46. All appointments have been
approved by the Board of Trustees.
Mrs. Katherinc Archibald, in
structor in history; Mr. Donald
Bean, director of the Stanford
Press; Miss Julia A. Bramlagc,
acting instructor in Romanic lan
guages; Mr. Franklin A. Butter,
acting assistant professor of math
ematics; Dr. Meribeth Cameron,
visiting professor of history.
Mr. George B. Cressey, visiting
professor of geography; Mr. Maurice
P. Cunningham, instructor in clas
sics; Mr. James Dilley, instructor in
history; Mr. Newell Ford, instructor
in English; Miss Evelyn M. Gombert,
instructor in psychiatric nursing,
School of Medicine, San Francisco.
Mr. Theodore M. Greene, visiting
professor of Humanities; Mr. Al
fred 11. Grommon, assistant pro
fessor of education and English;
Mr. Garret! Hardin, acting assist
ant professor of biology (autumn
quarter); Dr. Robert L. Housman,
acting professor of journalism.
Mr. Norman H. Horowitz, acting
assistant professor of biology (au
tumn quarter); Dr. Richard Foster
Jones, professor of English; Mr. Ken
neth Johnson, instructor in eco
nomics: Mr. Arville Irving Levorsen,
professor of geology; Mr. Arthur A.
Mandelbaum, acting assistant pro
fessor of economics; Mr. Anatole G.
Mazour, visiting professor, School of
Humanities; Mr. Henry A. Myers,
acting professor of speech and
drama.
Mr. Felix Legrand, instructor in
Romanic languages; Dr. Edwin J.
Owens, visiting professor of law;
Miss Madeline Louise Ritter. in
structor in medical nursing. School
of Medicine, San Francisco; Mr.
David Salmon, acting instructor in
social sciences; Mr. John M. Stal
naker. professor of psychology and
dean of students; Mr. Wallace E.
Stcgner, acting professor of Eng
lish; Mr. Theodore E. Vcrhaarcn,
instructor in Germanic languages;
and Dr. Charlotte Wells, acting as
sistant professor of speech and
drama.
Following are the % names of 29
newly-appointed Stanford faculty
members for the academic year of
1045-46. All appointments have been
approved by the Board of Trustees.
Mrs. Katherinc Archibald, in
structor in history; Mr. Donald
Bean, director of the Stanford
Press; Miss Julia A. Bramlagc,
acting instructor in Romanic lan
guages; Mr. Franklin A. Butter,
acting assistant professor of math
ematics; Dr. Meribeth Cameron,
visiting professor of history.
Mr. George B. Cressey, visiting
professor of geography; Mr. Maurice
P. Cunningham, instructor in clas
sics; Mr. James Dilley, instructor in
history; Mr. Newell Ford, instructor
in English; Miss Evelyn M. Gombert,
instructor in psychiatric nursing,
School of Medicine, San Francisco.
Mr. Theodore M. Greene, visiting
professor of Humanities; Mr. Al
fred 11. Grommon, assistant pro
fessor of education and English;
Mr. Garret! Hardin, acting assist
ant professor of biology (autumn
quarter); Dr. Robert L. Housman,
acting professor of journalism.
Mr. Norman H. Horowitz, acting
assistant professor of biology (au
tumn quarter); Dr. Richard Foster
Jones, professor of English; Mr. Ken
neth Johnson, instructor in eco
nomics: Mr. Arville Irving Levorsen,
professor of geology; Mr. Arthur A.
Mandelbaum, acting assistant pro
fessor of economics; Mr. Anatole G.
Mazour, visiting professor, School of
Humanities; Mr. Henry A. Myers,
acting professor of speech and
drama.
Mr. Felix Legrand, instructor in
Romanic languages; Dr. Edwin J.
Owens, visiting professor of law;
Miss Madeline Louise Ritter. in
structor in medical nursing. School
of Medicine, San Francisco; Mr.
David Salmon, acting instructor in
social sciences; Mr. John M. Stal
naker. professor of psychology and
dean of students; Mr. Wallace E.
Stcgner, acting professor of Eng
lish; Mr. Theodore E. Vcrhaarcn,
instructor in Germanic languages;
and Dr. Charlotte Wells, acting as
sistant professor of speech and
drama.
Following are the % names of 29
newly-appointed Stanford faculty
members for the academic year of
1045-46. All appointments have been
approved by the Board of Trustees.
Mrs. Katherinc Archibald, in
structor in history; Mr. Donald
Bean, director of the Stanford
Press; Miss Julia A. Bramlagc,
acting instructor in Romanic lan
guages; Mr. Franklin A. Butter,
acting assistant professor of math
ematics; Dr. Meribeth Cameron,
visiting professor of history.
Mr. George B. Cressey, visiting
professor of geography; Mr. Maurice
P. Cunningham, instructor in clas
sics; Mr. James Dilley, instructor in
history; Mr. Newell Ford, instructor
in English; Miss Evelyn M. Gombert,
instructor in psychiatric nursing,
School of Medicine, San Francisco.
Mr. Theodore M. Greene, visiting
professor of Humanities; Mr. Al
fred 11. Grommon, assistant pro
fessor of education and English;
Mr. Garret! Hardin, acting assist
ant professor of biology (autumn
quarter); Dr. Robert L. Housman,
acting professor of journalism.
Mr. Norman H. Horowitz, acting
assistant professor of biology (au
tumn quarter); Dr. Richard Foster
Jones, professor of English; Mr. Ken
neth Johnson, instructor in eco
nomics: Mr. Arville Irving Levorsen,
professor of geology; Mr. Arthur A.
Mandelbaum, acting assistant pro
fessor of economics; Mr. Anatole G.
Mazour, visiting professor, School of
Humanities; Mr. Henry A. Myers,
acting professor of speech and
drama.
Mr. Felix Legrand, instructor in
Romanic languages; Dr. Edwin J.
Owens, visiting professor of law;
Miss Madeline Louise Ritter. in
structor in medical nursing. School
of Medicine, San Francisco; Mr.
David Salmon, acting instructor in
social sciences; Mr. John M. Stal
naker. professor of psychology and
dean of students; Mr. Wallace E.
Stcgner, acting professor of Eng
lish; Mr. Theodore E. Vcrhaarcn,
instructor in Germanic languages;
and Dr. Charlotte Wells, acting as
sistant professor of speech and
drama.
Following are the % names of 29
newly-appointed Stanford faculty
members for the academic year of
1045-46. All appointments have been
approved by the Board of Trustees.
Mrs. Katherinc Archibald, in
structor in history; Mr. Donald
Bean, director of the Stanford
Press; Miss Julia A. Bramlagc,
acting instructor in Romanic lan
guages; Mr. Franklin A. Butter,
acting assistant professor of math
ematics; Dr. Meribeth Cameron,
visiting professor of history.
Mr. George B. Cressey, visiting
professor of geography; Mr. Maurice
P. Cunningham, instructor in clas
sics; Mr. James Dilley, instructor in
history; Mr. Newell Ford, instructor
in English; Miss Evelyn M. Gombert,
instructor in psychiatric nursing,
School of Medicine, San Francisco.
Mr. Theodore M. Greene, visiting
professor of Humanities; Mr. Al
fred 11. Grommon, assistant pro
fessor of education and English;
Mr. Garret! Hardin, acting assist
ant professor of biology (autumn
quarter); Dr. Robert L. Housman,
acting professor of journalism.
Mr. Norman H. Horowitz, acting
assistant professor of biology (au
tumn quarter); Dr. Richard Foster
Jones, professor of English; Mr. Ken
neth Johnson, instructor in eco
nomics: Mr. Arville Irving Levorsen,
professor of geology; Mr. Arthur A.
Mandelbaum, acting assistant pro
fessor of economics; Mr. Anatole G.
Mazour, visiting professor, School of
Humanities; Mr. Henry A. Myers,
acting professor of speech and
drama.
Mr. Felix Legrand, instructor in
Romanic languages; Dr. Edwin J.
Owens, visiting professor of law;
Miss Madeline Louise Ritter. in
structor in medical nursing. School
of Medicine, San Francisco; Mr.
David Salmon, acting instructor in
social sciences; Mr. John M. Stal
naker. professor of psychology and
dean of students; Mr. Wallace E.
Stcgner, acting professor of Eng
lish; Mr. Theodore E. Vcrhaarcn,
instructor in Germanic languages;
and Dr. Charlotte Wells, acting as
sistant professor of speech and
drama.
