# Want a Job? Here's Your Opportunity
## 
### 
Assisting all Stanford students
who want to find part-time jobs
while they arc attending the Uni
versity, a Student Employment
service is located in the Adminis
tration Building.
Miss Adelaide Palmer, executive
assistant in the appointment ser
vice, announces that many johs
hoth on and ofT the campus, and
ranging from skilled to unskilled,
are open to students. Hashing ap
plications may he procured at her
office. Iler hours are from 8:110
a.m. to 1:1)0 p.m.
Assisting all Stanford students
who want to find part-time jobs
while they arc attending the Uni
versity, a Student Employment
service is located in the Adminis
tration Building.
Miss Adelaide Palmer, executive
assistant in the appointment ser
vice, announces that many johs
hoth on and ofT the campus, and
ranging from skilled to unskilled,
are open to students. Hashing ap
plications may he procured at her
office. Iler hours are from 8:110
a.m. to 1:1)0 p.m.
Assisting all Stanford students
who want to find part-time jobs
while they arc attending the Uni
versity, a Student Employment
service is located in the Adminis
tration Building.
Miss Adelaide Palmer, executive
assistant in the appointment ser
vice, announces that many johs
hoth on and ofT the campus, and
ranging from skilled to unskilled,
are open to students. Hashing ap
plications may he procured at her
office. Iler hours are from 8:110
a.m. to 1:1)0 p.m.
Assisting all Stanford students
who want to find part-time jobs
while they arc attending the Uni
versity, a Student Employment
service is located in the Adminis
tration Building.
Miss Adelaide Palmer, executive
assistant in the appointment ser
vice, announces that many johs
hoth on and ofT the campus, and
ranging from skilled to unskilled,
are open to students. Hashing ap
plications may he procured at her
office. Iler hours are from 8:110
a.m. to 1:1)0 p.m.
Assisting all Stanford students
who want to find part-time jobs
while they arc attending the Uni
versity, a Student Employment
service is located in the Adminis
tration Building.
Miss Adelaide Palmer, executive
assistant in the appointment ser
vice, announces that many johs
hoth on and ofT the campus, and
ranging from skilled to unskilled,
are open to students. Hashing ap
plications may he procured at her
office. Iler hours are from 8:110
a.m. to 1:1)0 p.m.
Assisting all Stanford students
who want to find part-time jobs
while they arc attending the Uni
versity, a Student Employment
service is located in the Adminis
tration Building.
Miss Adelaide Palmer, executive
assistant in the appointment ser
vice, announces that many johs
hoth on and ofT the campus, and
ranging from skilled to unskilled,
are open to students. Hashing ap
plications may he procured at her
office. Iler hours are from 8:110
a.m. to 1:1)0 p.m.
Assisting all Stanford students
who want to find part-time jobs
while they arc attending the Uni
versity, a Student Employment
service is located in the Adminis
tration Building.
Miss Adelaide Palmer, executive
assistant in the appointment ser
vice, announces that many johs
hoth on and ofT the campus, and
ranging from skilled to unskilled,
are open to students. Hashing ap
plications may he procured at her
office. Iler hours are from 8:110
a.m. to 1:1)0 p.m.
Assisting all Stanford students
who want to find part-time jobs
while they arc attending the Uni
versity, a Student Employment
service is located in the Adminis
tration Building.
Miss Adelaide Palmer, executive
assistant in the appointment ser
vice, announces that many johs
hoth on and ofT the campus, and
ranging from skilled to unskilled,
are open to students. Hashing ap
plications may he procured at her
office. Iler hours are from 8:110
a.m. to 1:1)0 p.m.
Assisting all Stanford students
who want to find part-time jobs
while they arc attending the Uni
versity, a Student Employment
service is located in the Adminis
tration Building.
Miss Adelaide Palmer, executive
assistant in the appointment ser
vice, announces that many johs
hoth on and ofT the campus, and
ranging from skilled to unskilled,
are open to students. Hashing ap
plications may he procured at her
office. Iler hours are from 8:110
a.m. to 1:1)0 p.m.
Assisting all Stanford students
who want to find part-time jobs
while they arc attending the Uni
versity, a Student Employment
service is located in the Adminis
tration Building.
Miss Adelaide Palmer, executive
assistant in the appointment ser
vice, announces that many johs
hoth on and ofT the campus, and
ranging from skilled to unskilled,
are open to students. Hashing ap
plications may he procured at her
office. Iler hours are from 8:110
a.m. to 1:1)0 p.m.
Assisting all Stanford students
who want to find part-time jobs
while they arc attending the Uni
versity, a Student Employment
service is located in the Adminis
tration Building.
Miss Adelaide Palmer, executive
assistant in the appointment ser
vice, announces that many johs
hoth on and ofT the campus, and
ranging from skilled to unskilled,
are open to students. Hashing ap
plications may he procured at her
office. Iler hours are from 8:110
a.m. to 1:1)0 p.m.
Assisting all Stanford students
who want to find part-time jobs
while they arc attending the Uni
versity, a Student Employment
service is located in the Adminis
tration Building.
Miss Adelaide Palmer, executive
assistant in the appointment ser
vice, announces that many johs
hoth on and ofT the campus, and
ranging from skilled to unskilled,
are open to students. Hashing ap
plications may he procured at her
office. Iler hours are from 8:110
a.m. to 1:1)0 p.m.
Assisting all Stanford students
who want to find part-time jobs
while they arc attending the Uni
versity, a Student Employment
service is located in the Adminis
tration Building.
Miss Adelaide Palmer, executive
assistant in the appointment ser
vice, announces that many johs
hoth on and ofT the campus, and
ranging from skilled to unskilled,
are open to students. Hashing ap
plications may he procured at her
office. Iler hours are from 8:110
a.m. to 1:1)0 p.m.
Assisting all Stanford students
who want to find part-time jobs
while they arc attending the Uni
versity, a Student Employment
service is located in the Adminis
tration Building.
Miss Adelaide Palmer, executive
assistant in the appointment ser
vice, announces that many johs
hoth on and ofT the campus, and
ranging from skilled to unskilled,
are open to students. Hashing ap
plications may he procured at her
office. Iler hours are from 8:110
a.m. to 1:1)0 p.m.
Assisting all Stanford students
who want to find part-time jobs
while they arc attending the Uni
versity, a Student Employment
service is located in the Adminis
tration Building.
Miss Adelaide Palmer, executive
assistant in the appointment ser
vice, announces that many johs
hoth on and ofT the campus, and
ranging from skilled to unskilled,
are open to students. Hashing ap
plications may he procured at her
office. Iler hours are from 8:110
a.m. to 1:1)0 p.m.
