# TRESIDDER AT HOME
## 
### 
Mrs. Donald B. Tresidder, wife of
the University president, wil be at
home to students, faculty, and
friends at G23 Mirada from 4 to 5:30
p.m. Tuesday.
Mrs. Donald B. Tresidder, wife of
the University president, wil be at
home to students, faculty, and
friends at G23 Mirada from 4 to 5:30
p.m. Tuesday.
Mrs. Donald B. Tresidder, wife of
the University president, wil be at
home to students, faculty, and
friends at G23 Mirada from 4 to 5:30
p.m. Tuesday.
Mrs. Donald B. Tresidder, wife of
the University president, wil be at
home to students, faculty, and
friends at G23 Mirada from 4 to 5:30
p.m. Tuesday.
Mrs. Donald B. Tresidder, wife of
the University president, wil be at
home to students, faculty, and
friends at G23 Mirada from 4 to 5:30
p.m. Tuesday.
Mrs. Donald B. Tresidder, wife of
the University president, wil be at
home to students, faculty, and
friends at G23 Mirada from 4 to 5:30
p.m. Tuesday.
Mrs. Donald B. Tresidder, wife of
the University president, wil be at
home to students, faculty, and
friends at G23 Mirada from 4 to 5:30
p.m. Tuesday.
Mrs. Donald B. Tresidder, wife of
the University president, wil be at
home to students, faculty, and
friends at G23 Mirada from 4 to 5:30
p.m. Tuesday.
Mrs. Donald B. Tresidder, wife of
the University president, wil be at
home to students, faculty, and
friends at G23 Mirada from 4 to 5:30
p.m. Tuesday.
Mrs. Donald B. Tresidder, wife of
the University president, wil be at
home to students, faculty, and
friends at G23 Mirada from 4 to 5:30
p.m. Tuesday.
Mrs. Donald B. Tresidder, wife of
the University president, wil be at
home to students, faculty, and
friends at G23 Mirada from 4 to 5:30
p.m. Tuesday.
Mrs. Donald B. Tresidder, wife of
the University president, wil be at
home to students, faculty, and
friends at G23 Mirada from 4 to 5:30
p.m. Tuesday.
Mrs. Donald B. Tresidder, wife of
the University president, wil be at
home to students, faculty, and
friends at G23 Mirada from 4 to 5:30
p.m. Tuesday.
Mrs. Donald B. Tresidder, wife of
the University president, wil be at
home to students, faculty, and
friends at G23 Mirada from 4 to 5:30
p.m. Tuesday.
Mrs. Donald B. Tresidder, wife of
the University president, wil be at
home to students, faculty, and
friends at G23 Mirada from 4 to 5:30
p.m. Tuesday.
