# Poli Sci Prof. Barker heads national group
## 
### Lydia Lee 
Lucius Barker, a Stanford
political science professor, was
recently elected president of the
American Political Science Associ
ation.
He is the second African-Amer
ican to hold this position in the
history of the association, which
has 13,000 members. He will take
over as president next year, and
oversee the APSA's activities,
which include the publication of
the "American Political Science
Review" and various educational
programs.
One such program, a summer
institute for minority college
juniors, tries to encourage stu

'We're trying to make
the (political science)
profession keep pace
with the change in
demographics.'

dents to become professors.
"We're trying to make the (politi
cal science) profession keep pace
with the change in demograph
ics," said Barker.
Barker said he is an advocate of
affirmative action, believing that
