# Adv. 51 Page 11
## 
### 
C/VL
couples .
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
BECAUSE.
They have shopped and
compared and have found
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most
instances are substantially
lower than prices
elsewhere — for the same
quality diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20';
SAVE 20',
with ASSU card.
P9
See our complete
selection of
Engagement Rings
from $350 00
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
C/VL
couples .
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
BECAUSE.
They have shopped and
compared and have found
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most
instances are substantially
lower than prices
elsewhere — for the same
quality diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20';
SAVE 20',
with ASSU card.
P9
See our complete
selection of
Engagement Rings
from $350 00
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
C/VL
couples .
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
BECAUSE.
They have shopped and
compared and have found
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most
instances are substantially
lower than prices
elsewhere — for the same
quality diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20';
SAVE 20',
with ASSU card.
P9
See our complete
selection of
Engagement Rings
from $350 00
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
C/VL
couples .
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
BECAUSE.
They have shopped and
compared and have found
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most
instances are substantially
lower than prices
elsewhere — for the same
quality diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20';
SAVE 20',
with ASSU card.
P9
See our complete
selection of
Engagement Rings
from $350 00
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
C/VL
couples .
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
BECAUSE.
They have shopped and
compared and have found
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most
instances are substantially
lower than prices
elsewhere — for the same
quality diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20';
SAVE 20',
with ASSU card.
P9
See our complete
selection of
Engagement Rings
from $350 00
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
C/VL
couples .
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
BECAUSE.
They have shopped and
compared and have found
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most
instances are substantially
lower than prices
elsewhere — for the same
quality diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20';
SAVE 20',
with ASSU card.
P9
See our complete
selection of
Engagement Rings
from $350 00
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
C/VL
couples .
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
BECAUSE.
They have shopped and
compared and have found
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most
instances are substantially
lower than prices
elsewhere — for the same
quality diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20';
SAVE 20',
with ASSU card.
P9
See our complete
selection of
Engagement Rings
from $350 00
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
