# Adv. 19 Page 4
## 
### 
Wednesday-Thursday,
April 15-16
Anna Q. Nilsson, Lewis
Stone, and Mary Astor in
"INEZ FROM
HOLLYWOOD"
Folks! Meet Inez, the
vampiest vamp of them all.
See the lil'e of a famous
movie star behind the
screen.
"ALICE CANS THE
CANNIBALS"
Cartoon Comedy
KINOGRAMS
P ATTEND
the matinees
and avoid
crowds
Wednesday-Thursday,
April 15-16
Anna Q. Nilsson, Lewis
Stone, and Mary Astor in
"INEZ FROM
HOLLYWOOD"
Folks! Meet Inez, the
vampiest vamp of them all.
See the lil'e of a famous
movie star behind the
screen.
"ALICE CANS THE
CANNIBALS"
Cartoon Comedy
KINOGRAMS
P ATTEND
the matinees
and avoid
crowds
Wednesday-Thursday,
April 15-16
Anna Q. Nilsson, Lewis
Stone, and Mary Astor in
"INEZ FROM
HOLLYWOOD"
Folks! Meet Inez, the
vampiest vamp of them all.
See the lil'e of a famous
movie star behind the
screen.
"ALICE CANS THE
CANNIBALS"
Cartoon Comedy
KINOGRAMS
P ATTEND
the matinees
and avoid
crowds
Wednesday-Thursday,
April 15-16
Anna Q. Nilsson, Lewis
Stone, and Mary Astor in
"INEZ FROM
HOLLYWOOD"
Folks! Meet Inez, the
vampiest vamp of them all.
See the lil'e of a famous
movie star behind the
screen.
"ALICE CANS THE
CANNIBALS"
Cartoon Comedy
KINOGRAMS
P ATTEND
the matinees
and avoid
crowds
Wednesday-Thursday,
April 15-16
Anna Q. Nilsson, Lewis
Stone, and Mary Astor in
"INEZ FROM
HOLLYWOOD"
Folks! Meet Inez, the
vampiest vamp of them all.
See the lil'e of a famous
movie star behind the
screen.
"ALICE CANS THE
CANNIBALS"
Cartoon Comedy
KINOGRAMS
P ATTEND
the matinees
and avoid
crowds
Wednesday-Thursday,
April 15-16
Anna Q. Nilsson, Lewis
Stone, and Mary Astor in
"INEZ FROM
HOLLYWOOD"
Folks! Meet Inez, the
vampiest vamp of them all.
See the lil'e of a famous
movie star behind the
screen.
"ALICE CANS THE
CANNIBALS"
Cartoon Comedy
KINOGRAMS
P ATTEND
the matinees
and avoid
crowds
Wednesday-Thursday,
April 15-16
Anna Q. Nilsson, Lewis
Stone, and Mary Astor in
"INEZ FROM
HOLLYWOOD"
Folks! Meet Inez, the
vampiest vamp of them all.
See the lil'e of a famous
movie star behind the
screen.
"ALICE CANS THE
CANNIBALS"
Cartoon Comedy
KINOGRAMS
P ATTEND
the matinees
and avoid
crowds
Wednesday-Thursday,
April 15-16
Anna Q. Nilsson, Lewis
Stone, and Mary Astor in
"INEZ FROM
HOLLYWOOD"
Folks! Meet Inez, the
vampiest vamp of them all.
See the lil'e of a famous
movie star behind the
screen.
"ALICE CANS THE
CANNIBALS"
Cartoon Comedy
KINOGRAMS
P ATTEND
the matinees
and avoid
crowds
Wednesday-Thursday,
April 15-16
Anna Q. Nilsson, Lewis
Stone, and Mary Astor in
"INEZ FROM
HOLLYWOOD"
Folks! Meet Inez, the
vampiest vamp of them all.
See the lil'e of a famous
movie star behind the
screen.
"ALICE CANS THE
CANNIBALS"
Cartoon Comedy
KINOGRAMS
P ATTEND
the matinees
and avoid
crowds
Wednesday-Thursday,
April 15-16
Anna Q. Nilsson, Lewis
Stone, and Mary Astor in
"INEZ FROM
HOLLYWOOD"
Folks! Meet Inez, the
vampiest vamp of them all.
See the lil'e of a famous
movie star behind the
screen.
"ALICE CANS THE
CANNIBALS"
Cartoon Comedy
KINOGRAMS
P ATTEND
the matinees
and avoid
crowds
Wednesday-Thursday,
April 15-16
Anna Q. Nilsson, Lewis
Stone, and Mary Astor in
"INEZ FROM
HOLLYWOOD"
Folks! Meet Inez, the
vampiest vamp of them all.
See the lil'e of a famous
movie star behind the
screen.
"ALICE CANS THE
CANNIBALS"
Cartoon Comedy
KINOGRAMS
P ATTEND
the matinees
and avoid
crowds
Wednesday-Thursday,
April 15-16
Anna Q. Nilsson, Lewis
Stone, and Mary Astor in
"INEZ FROM
HOLLYWOOD"
Folks! Meet Inez, the
vampiest vamp of them all.
See the lil'e of a famous
movie star behind the
screen.
"ALICE CANS THE
CANNIBALS"
Cartoon Comedy
KINOGRAMS
P ATTEND
the matinees
and avoid
crowds
Wednesday-Thursday,
April 15-16
Anna Q. Nilsson, Lewis
Stone, and Mary Astor in
"INEZ FROM
HOLLYWOOD"
Folks! Meet Inez, the
vampiest vamp of them all.
See the lil'e of a famous
movie star behind the
screen.
"ALICE CANS THE
CANNIBALS"
Cartoon Comedy
KINOGRAMS
P ATTEND
the matinees
and avoid
crowds
Wednesday-Thursday,
April 15-16
Anna Q. Nilsson, Lewis
Stone, and Mary Astor in
"INEZ FROM
HOLLYWOOD"
Folks! Meet Inez, the
vampiest vamp of them all.
See the lil'e of a famous
movie star behind the
screen.
"ALICE CANS THE
CANNIBALS"
Cartoon Comedy
KINOGRAMS
P ATTEND
the matinees
and avoid
crowds
Wednesday-Thursday,
April 15-16
Anna Q. Nilsson, Lewis
Stone, and Mary Astor in
"INEZ FROM
HOLLYWOOD"
Folks! Meet Inez, the
vampiest vamp of them all.
See the lil'e of a famous
movie star behind the
screen.
"ALICE CANS THE
CANNIBALS"
Cartoon Comedy
KINOGRAMS
P ATTEND
the matinees
and avoid
crowds
