# Branner Formal Programs Will Be Available Today
## 
### 
Programs for the Branner formal
which is to be given tomorrow night
may be obtained today from A. P.
Banta, chairman of the dance commit
tee. Decoration suggestive of spring
will be used for the hop and a large
Maypole will act as a center of the
decorative scheme.
Programs for the Branner formal
which is to be given tomorrow night
may be obtained today from A. P.
Banta, chairman of the dance commit
tee. Decoration suggestive of spring
will be used for the hop and a large
Maypole will act as a center of the
decorative scheme.
Programs for the Branner formal
which is to be given tomorrow night
may be obtained today from A. P.
Banta, chairman of the dance commit
tee. Decoration suggestive of spring
will be used for the hop and a large
Maypole will act as a center of the
decorative scheme.
Programs for the Branner formal
which is to be given tomorrow night
may be obtained today from A. P.
Banta, chairman of the dance commit
tee. Decoration suggestive of spring
will be used for the hop and a large
Maypole will act as a center of the
decorative scheme.
Programs for the Branner formal
which is to be given tomorrow night
may be obtained today from A. P.
Banta, chairman of the dance commit
tee. Decoration suggestive of spring
will be used for the hop and a large
Maypole will act as a center of the
decorative scheme.
Programs for the Branner formal
which is to be given tomorrow night
may be obtained today from A. P.
Banta, chairman of the dance commit
tee. Decoration suggestive of spring
will be used for the hop and a large
Maypole will act as a center of the
decorative scheme.
Programs for the Branner formal
which is to be given tomorrow night
may be obtained today from A. P.
Banta, chairman of the dance commit
tee. Decoration suggestive of spring
will be used for the hop and a large
Maypole will act as a center of the
decorative scheme.
Programs for the Branner formal
which is to be given tomorrow night
may be obtained today from A. P.
Banta, chairman of the dance commit
tee. Decoration suggestive of spring
will be used for the hop and a large
Maypole will act as a center of the
decorative scheme.
Programs for the Branner formal
which is to be given tomorrow night
may be obtained today from A. P.
Banta, chairman of the dance commit
tee. Decoration suggestive of spring
will be used for the hop and a large
Maypole will act as a center of the
decorative scheme.
Programs for the Branner formal
which is to be given tomorrow night
may be obtained today from A. P.
Banta, chairman of the dance commit
tee. Decoration suggestive of spring
will be used for the hop and a large
Maypole will act as a center of the
decorative scheme.
Programs for the Branner formal
which is to be given tomorrow night
may be obtained today from A. P.
Banta, chairman of the dance commit
tee. Decoration suggestive of spring
will be used for the hop and a large
Maypole will act as a center of the
decorative scheme.
Programs for the Branner formal
which is to be given tomorrow night
may be obtained today from A. P.
Banta, chairman of the dance commit
tee. Decoration suggestive of spring
will be used for the hop and a large
Maypole will act as a center of the
decorative scheme.
Programs for the Branner formal
which is to be given tomorrow night
may be obtained today from A. P.
Banta, chairman of the dance commit
tee. Decoration suggestive of spring
will be used for the hop and a large
Maypole will act as a center of the
decorative scheme.
Programs for the Branner formal
which is to be given tomorrow night
may be obtained today from A. P.
Banta, chairman of the dance commit
tee. Decoration suggestive of spring
will be used for the hop and a large
Maypole will act as a center of the
decorative scheme.
Programs for the Branner formal
which is to be given tomorrow night
may be obtained today from A. P.
Banta, chairman of the dance commit
tee. Decoration suggestive of spring
will be used for the hop and a large
Maypole will act as a center of the
decorative scheme.
