# Geology and Mining Club Holds Initiation Tonight
## 
### 
An initiation of new members and a
reunion of the "old-timers" will be
held this evening by the Geology and
Mining Society.
Members of the society and all re
turning alumni will gather at the
Geology corner at 4 o'clock this after
noon. Among the former members of
the organization who will return for
the occasion will be N. G. Carle, *98,
W. R. Hamilton, '04, F. W. Nobs, and
C. F. Newsom, '92.
An initiation of new members and a
reunion of the "old-timers" will be
held this evening by the Geology and
Mining Society.
Members of the society and all re
turning alumni will gather at the
Geology corner at 4 o'clock this after
noon. Among the former members of
the organization who will return for
the occasion will be N. G. Carle, *98,
W. R. Hamilton, '04, F. W. Nobs, and
C. F. Newsom, '92.
An initiation of new members and a
reunion of the "old-timers" will be
held this evening by the Geology and
Mining Society.
Members of the society and all re
turning alumni will gather at the
Geology corner at 4 o'clock this after
noon. Among the former members of
the organization who will return for
the occasion will be N. G. Carle, *98,
W. R. Hamilton, '04, F. W. Nobs, and
C. F. Newsom, '92.
An initiation of new members and a
reunion of the "old-timers" will be
held this evening by the Geology and
Mining Society.
Members of the society and all re
turning alumni will gather at the
Geology corner at 4 o'clock this after
noon. Among the former members of
the organization who will return for
the occasion will be N. G. Carle, *98,
W. R. Hamilton, '04, F. W. Nobs, and
C. F. Newsom, '92.
An initiation of new members and a
reunion of the "old-timers" will be
held this evening by the Geology and
Mining Society.
Members of the society and all re
turning alumni will gather at the
Geology corner at 4 o'clock this after
noon. Among the former members of
the organization who will return for
the occasion will be N. G. Carle, *98,
W. R. Hamilton, '04, F. W. Nobs, and
C. F. Newsom, '92.
An initiation of new members and a
reunion of the "old-timers" will be
held this evening by the Geology and
Mining Society.
Members of the society and all re
turning alumni will gather at the
Geology corner at 4 o'clock this after
noon. Among the former members of
the organization who will return for
the occasion will be N. G. Carle, *98,
W. R. Hamilton, '04, F. W. Nobs, and
C. F. Newsom, '92.
An initiation of new members and a
reunion of the "old-timers" will be
held this evening by the Geology and
Mining Society.
Members of the society and all re
turning alumni will gather at the
Geology corner at 4 o'clock this after
noon. Among the former members of
the organization who will return for
the occasion will be N. G. Carle, *98,
W. R. Hamilton, '04, F. W. Nobs, and
C. F. Newsom, '92.
An initiation of new members and a
reunion of the "old-timers" will be
held this evening by the Geology and
Mining Society.
Members of the society and all re
turning alumni will gather at the
Geology corner at 4 o'clock this after
noon. Among the former members of
the organization who will return for
the occasion will be N. G. Carle, *98,
W. R. Hamilton, '04, F. W. Nobs, and
C. F. Newsom, '92.
An initiation of new members and a
reunion of the "old-timers" will be
held this evening by the Geology and
Mining Society.
Members of the society and all re
turning alumni will gather at the
Geology corner at 4 o'clock this after
noon. Among the former members of
the organization who will return for
the occasion will be N. G. Carle, *98,
W. R. Hamilton, '04, F. W. Nobs, and
C. F. Newsom, '92.
An initiation of new members and a
reunion of the "old-timers" will be
held this evening by the Geology and
Mining Society.
Members of the society and all re
turning alumni will gather at the
Geology corner at 4 o'clock this after
noon. Among the former members of
the organization who will return for
the occasion will be N. G. Carle, *98,
W. R. Hamilton, '04, F. W. Nobs, and
C. F. Newsom, '92.
An initiation of new members and a
reunion of the "old-timers" will be
held this evening by the Geology and
Mining Society.
Members of the society and all re
turning alumni will gather at the
Geology corner at 4 o'clock this after
noon. Among the former members of
the organization who will return for
the occasion will be N. G. Carle, *98,
W. R. Hamilton, '04, F. W. Nobs, and
C. F. Newsom, '92.
An initiation of new members and a
reunion of the "old-timers" will be
held this evening by the Geology and
Mining Society.
Members of the society and all re
turning alumni will gather at the
Geology corner at 4 o'clock this after
noon. Among the former members of
the organization who will return for
the occasion will be N. G. Carle, *98,
W. R. Hamilton, '04, F. W. Nobs, and
C. F. Newsom, '92.
An initiation of new members and a
reunion of the "old-timers" will be
held this evening by the Geology and
Mining Society.
Members of the society and all re
turning alumni will gather at the
Geology corner at 4 o'clock this after
noon. Among the former members of
the organization who will return for
the occasion will be N. G. Carle, *98,
W. R. Hamilton, '04, F. W. Nobs, and
C. F. Newsom, '92.
An initiation of new members and a
reunion of the "old-timers" will be
held this evening by the Geology and
Mining Society.
Members of the society and all re
turning alumni will gather at the
Geology corner at 4 o'clock this after
noon. Among the former members of
the organization who will return for
the occasion will be N. G. Carle, *98,
W. R. Hamilton, '04, F. W. Nobs, and
C. F. Newsom, '92.
An initiation of new members and a
reunion of the "old-timers" will be
held this evening by the Geology and
Mining Society.
Members of the society and all re
turning alumni will gather at the
Geology corner at 4 o'clock this after
noon. Among the former members of
the organization who will return for
the occasion will be N. G. Carle, *98,
W. R. Hamilton, '04, F. W. Nobs, and
C. F. Newsom, '92.
