# FELLOWSHIP OFFER MADE AT STANFORD
## 
### 
Stanford students and younger fac
ulty members are eligible to compete
for fellowships offered by Simon Gug
genheim, former United States senator
from Colorado, who has established
the John Simon Guggenheim Memorial
Foundation with a preliminary gift of
13,000,000.
The purposes of the foundation are
to improve the quality of education
and the practice of the arts and pro
fessions in the United States, to fos
ter research and to provide for the
cause of better international under
standing.
Stanford students and younger fac
ulty members are eligible to compete
for fellowships offered by Simon Gug
genheim, former United States senator
from Colorado, who has established
the John Simon Guggenheim Memorial
Foundation with a preliminary gift of
13,000,000.
The purposes of the foundation are
to improve the quality of education
and the practice of the arts and pro
fessions in the United States, to fos
ter research and to provide for the
cause of better international under
standing.
Stanford students and younger fac
ulty members are eligible to compete
for fellowships offered by Simon Gug
genheim, former United States senator
from Colorado, who has established
the John Simon Guggenheim Memorial
Foundation with a preliminary gift of
13,000,000.
The purposes of the foundation are
to improve the quality of education
and the practice of the arts and pro
fessions in the United States, to fos
ter research and to provide for the
cause of better international under
standing.
Stanford students and younger fac
ulty members are eligible to compete
for fellowships offered by Simon Gug
genheim, former United States senator
from Colorado, who has established
the John Simon Guggenheim Memorial
Foundation with a preliminary gift of
13,000,000.
The purposes of the foundation are
to improve the quality of education
and the practice of the arts and pro
fessions in the United States, to fos
ter research and to provide for the
cause of better international under
standing.
Stanford students and younger fac
ulty members are eligible to compete
for fellowships offered by Simon Gug
genheim, former United States senator
from Colorado, who has established
the John Simon Guggenheim Memorial
Foundation with a preliminary gift of
13,000,000.
The purposes of the foundation are
to improve the quality of education
and the practice of the arts and pro
fessions in the United States, to fos
ter research and to provide for the
cause of better international under
standing.
Stanford students and younger fac
ulty members are eligible to compete
for fellowships offered by Simon Gug
genheim, former United States senator
from Colorado, who has established
the John Simon Guggenheim Memorial
Foundation with a preliminary gift of
13,000,000.
The purposes of the foundation are
to improve the quality of education
and the practice of the arts and pro
fessions in the United States, to fos
ter research and to provide for the
cause of better international under
standing.
Stanford students and younger fac
ulty members are eligible to compete
for fellowships offered by Simon Gug
genheim, former United States senator
from Colorado, who has established
the John Simon Guggenheim Memorial
Foundation with a preliminary gift of
13,000,000.
The purposes of the foundation are
to improve the quality of education
and the practice of the arts and pro
fessions in the United States, to fos
ter research and to provide for the
cause of better international under
standing.
Stanford students and younger fac
ulty members are eligible to compete
for fellowships offered by Simon Gug
genheim, former United States senator
from Colorado, who has established
the John Simon Guggenheim Memorial
Foundation with a preliminary gift of
13,000,000.
The purposes of the foundation are
to improve the quality of education
and the practice of the arts and pro
fessions in the United States, to fos
ter research and to provide for the
cause of better international under
standing.
Stanford students and younger fac
ulty members are eligible to compete
for fellowships offered by Simon Gug
genheim, former United States senator
from Colorado, who has established
the John Simon Guggenheim Memorial
Foundation with a preliminary gift of
13,000,000.
The purposes of the foundation are
to improve the quality of education
and the practice of the arts and pro
fessions in the United States, to fos
ter research and to provide for the
cause of better international under
standing.
Stanford students and younger fac
ulty members are eligible to compete
for fellowships offered by Simon Gug
genheim, former United States senator
from Colorado, who has established
the John Simon Guggenheim Memorial
Foundation with a preliminary gift of
13,000,000.
The purposes of the foundation are
to improve the quality of education
and the practice of the arts and pro
fessions in the United States, to fos
ter research and to provide for the
cause of better international under
standing.
Stanford students and younger fac
ulty members are eligible to compete
for fellowships offered by Simon Gug
genheim, former United States senator
from Colorado, who has established
the John Simon Guggenheim Memorial
Foundation with a preliminary gift of
13,000,000.
The purposes of the foundation are
to improve the quality of education
and the practice of the arts and pro
fessions in the United States, to fos
ter research and to provide for the
cause of better international under
standing.
Stanford students and younger fac
ulty members are eligible to compete
for fellowships offered by Simon Gug
genheim, former United States senator
from Colorado, who has established
the John Simon Guggenheim Memorial
Foundation with a preliminary gift of
13,000,000.
The purposes of the foundation are
to improve the quality of education
and the practice of the arts and pro
fessions in the United States, to fos
ter research and to provide for the
cause of better international under
standing.
Stanford students and younger fac
ulty members are eligible to compete
for fellowships offered by Simon Gug
genheim, former United States senator
from Colorado, who has established
the John Simon Guggenheim Memorial
Foundation with a preliminary gift of
13,000,000.
The purposes of the foundation are
to improve the quality of education
and the practice of the arts and pro
fessions in the United States, to fos
ter research and to provide for the
cause of better international under
standing.
Stanford students and younger fac
ulty members are eligible to compete
for fellowships offered by Simon Gug
genheim, former United States senator
from Colorado, who has established
the John Simon Guggenheim Memorial
Foundation with a preliminary gift of
13,000,000.
The purposes of the foundation are
to improve the quality of education
and the practice of the arts and pro
fessions in the United States, to fos
ter research and to provide for the
cause of better international under
standing.
Stanford students and younger fac
ulty members are eligible to compete
for fellowships offered by Simon Gug
genheim, former United States senator
from Colorado, who has established
the John Simon Guggenheim Memorial
Foundation with a preliminary gift of
13,000,000.
The purposes of the foundation are
to improve the quality of education
and the practice of the arts and pro
fessions in the United States, to fos
ter research and to provide for the
cause of better international under
standing.
