# Quad Schedules Law Pics Today, Tomorrow
## 
### 
Seniors in the Law School will have
their pictures taken for the Quad to
day and tomorrow. The Quad office
will be open between 10 and 12 a.m.
and I and 5 p.m. Men should wear
coats and ties. The charge is $1.
Seniors in the Law School will have
their pictures taken for the Quad to
day and tomorrow. The Quad office
will be open between 10 and 12 a.m.
and I and 5 p.m. Men should wear
coats and ties. The charge is $1.
Seniors in the Law School will have
their pictures taken for the Quad to
day and tomorrow. The Quad office
will be open between 10 and 12 a.m.
and I and 5 p.m. Men should wear
coats and ties. The charge is $1.
Seniors in the Law School will have
their pictures taken for the Quad to
day and tomorrow. The Quad office
will be open between 10 and 12 a.m.
and I and 5 p.m. Men should wear
coats and ties. The charge is $1.
Seniors in the Law School will have
their pictures taken for the Quad to
day and tomorrow. The Quad office
will be open between 10 and 12 a.m.
and I and 5 p.m. Men should wear
coats and ties. The charge is $1.
Seniors in the Law School will have
their pictures taken for the Quad to
day and tomorrow. The Quad office
will be open between 10 and 12 a.m.
and I and 5 p.m. Men should wear
coats and ties. The charge is $1.
Seniors in the Law School will have
their pictures taken for the Quad to
day and tomorrow. The Quad office
will be open between 10 and 12 a.m.
and I and 5 p.m. Men should wear
coats and ties. The charge is $1.
Seniors in the Law School will have
their pictures taken for the Quad to
day and tomorrow. The Quad office
will be open between 10 and 12 a.m.
and I and 5 p.m. Men should wear
coats and ties. The charge is $1.
Seniors in the Law School will have
their pictures taken for the Quad to
day and tomorrow. The Quad office
will be open between 10 and 12 a.m.
and I and 5 p.m. Men should wear
coats and ties. The charge is $1.
Seniors in the Law School will have
their pictures taken for the Quad to
day and tomorrow. The Quad office
will be open between 10 and 12 a.m.
and I and 5 p.m. Men should wear
coats and ties. The charge is $1.
Seniors in the Law School will have
their pictures taken for the Quad to
day and tomorrow. The Quad office
will be open between 10 and 12 a.m.
and I and 5 p.m. Men should wear
coats and ties. The charge is $1.
Seniors in the Law School will have
their pictures taken for the Quad to
day and tomorrow. The Quad office
will be open between 10 and 12 a.m.
and I and 5 p.m. Men should wear
coats and ties. The charge is $1.
Seniors in the Law School will have
their pictures taken for the Quad to
day and tomorrow. The Quad office
will be open between 10 and 12 a.m.
and I and 5 p.m. Men should wear
coats and ties. The charge is $1.
Seniors in the Law School will have
their pictures taken for the Quad to
day and tomorrow. The Quad office
will be open between 10 and 12 a.m.
and I and 5 p.m. Men should wear
coats and ties. The charge is $1.
Seniors in the Law School will have
their pictures taken for the Quad to
day and tomorrow. The Quad office
will be open between 10 and 12 a.m.
and I and 5 p.m. Men should wear
coats and ties. The charge is $1.
Seniors in the Law School will have
their pictures taken for the Quad to
day and tomorrow. The Quad office
will be open between 10 and 12 a.m.
and I and 5 p.m. Men should wear
coats and ties. The charge is $1.
