# LIEUT. MACREADY, '13, BREAKS RECORD IN SUSTAINED FLIGHT
## 
### 
On October G, Lieutenant John A.
Macready, '13, and Lieutenant Oakley
Kelly of the United States Array air
service, established a new sustained
flight record when they remained in
the air for thirty-two hours, beating
the old record by six hours.
The two flyers left San Diego with,
the idea of making a non-stop trip to
New York City, but were prevented by
a dense fog which made it impossible,
to cross the mountains. They then de
cided to remain in the air over San
Diego and, if possible, break the rec
ord.
Macready, on September 28, 1921,
ascended 37,800 feet for a new world's
altitude mark. It was also Macready
who fell 10.000 feet in a Morse plane
at Ithaca, New York, and escaped in
jury. He served with the A. E. F.
aviation service.
On October G, Lieutenant John A.
Macready, '13, and Lieutenant Oakley
Kelly of the United States Array air
service, established a new sustained
flight record when they remained in
the air for thirty-two hours, beating
the old record by six hours.
The two flyers left San Diego with,
the idea of making a non-stop trip to
New York City, but were prevented by
a dense fog which made it impossible,
to cross the mountains. They then de
cided to remain in the air over San
Diego and, if possible, break the rec
ord.
Macready, on September 28, 1921,
ascended 37,800 feet for a new world's
altitude mark. It was also Macready
who fell 10.000 feet in a Morse plane
at Ithaca, New York, and escaped in
jury. He served with the A. E. F.
aviation service.
On October G, Lieutenant John A.
Macready, '13, and Lieutenant Oakley
Kelly of the United States Array air
service, established a new sustained
flight record when they remained in
the air for thirty-two hours, beating
the old record by six hours.
The two flyers left San Diego with,
the idea of making a non-stop trip to
New York City, but were prevented by
a dense fog which made it impossible,
to cross the mountains. They then de
cided to remain in the air over San
Diego and, if possible, break the rec
ord.
Macready, on September 28, 1921,
ascended 37,800 feet for a new world's
altitude mark. It was also Macready
who fell 10.000 feet in a Morse plane
at Ithaca, New York, and escaped in
jury. He served with the A. E. F.
aviation service.
On October G, Lieutenant John A.
Macready, '13, and Lieutenant Oakley
Kelly of the United States Array air
service, established a new sustained
flight record when they remained in
the air for thirty-two hours, beating
the old record by six hours.
The two flyers left San Diego with,
the idea of making a non-stop trip to
New York City, but were prevented by
a dense fog which made it impossible,
to cross the mountains. They then de
cided to remain in the air over San
Diego and, if possible, break the rec
ord.
Macready, on September 28, 1921,
ascended 37,800 feet for a new world's
altitude mark. It was also Macready
who fell 10.000 feet in a Morse plane
at Ithaca, New York, and escaped in
jury. He served with the A. E. F.
aviation service.
On October G, Lieutenant John A.
Macready, '13, and Lieutenant Oakley
Kelly of the United States Array air
service, established a new sustained
flight record when they remained in
the air for thirty-two hours, beating
the old record by six hours.
The two flyers left San Diego with,
the idea of making a non-stop trip to
New York City, but were prevented by
a dense fog which made it impossible,
to cross the mountains. They then de
cided to remain in the air over San
Diego and, if possible, break the rec
ord.
Macready, on September 28, 1921,
ascended 37,800 feet for a new world's
altitude mark. It was also Macready
who fell 10.000 feet in a Morse plane
at Ithaca, New York, and escaped in
jury. He served with the A. E. F.
aviation service.
On October G, Lieutenant John A.
Macready, '13, and Lieutenant Oakley
Kelly of the United States Array air
service, established a new sustained
flight record when they remained in
the air for thirty-two hours, beating
the old record by six hours.
The two flyers left San Diego with,
the idea of making a non-stop trip to
New York City, but were prevented by
a dense fog which made it impossible,
to cross the mountains. They then de
cided to remain in the air over San
Diego and, if possible, break the rec
ord.
Macready, on September 28, 1921,
ascended 37,800 feet for a new world's
altitude mark. It was also Macready
who fell 10.000 feet in a Morse plane
at Ithaca, New York, and escaped in
jury. He served with the A. E. F.
aviation service.
On October G, Lieutenant John A.
Macready, '13, and Lieutenant Oakley
Kelly of the United States Array air
service, established a new sustained
flight record when they remained in
the air for thirty-two hours, beating
the old record by six hours.
The two flyers left San Diego with,
the idea of making a non-stop trip to
New York City, but were prevented by
a dense fog which made it impossible,
to cross the mountains. They then de
cided to remain in the air over San
Diego and, if possible, break the rec
ord.
Macready, on September 28, 1921,
ascended 37,800 feet for a new world's
altitude mark. It was also Macready
who fell 10.000 feet in a Morse plane
at Ithaca, New York, and escaped in
jury. He served with the A. E. F.
aviation service.
On October G, Lieutenant John A.
Macready, '13, and Lieutenant Oakley
Kelly of the United States Array air
service, established a new sustained
flight record when they remained in
the air for thirty-two hours, beating
the old record by six hours.
The two flyers left San Diego with,
the idea of making a non-stop trip to
New York City, but were prevented by
a dense fog which made it impossible,
to cross the mountains. They then de
cided to remain in the air over San
Diego and, if possible, break the rec
ord.
Macready, on September 28, 1921,
ascended 37,800 feet for a new world's
altitude mark. It was also Macready
who fell 10.000 feet in a Morse plane
at Ithaca, New York, and escaped in
jury. He served with the A. E. F.
aviation service.
On October G, Lieutenant John A.
Macready, '13, and Lieutenant Oakley
Kelly of the United States Array air
service, established a new sustained
flight record when they remained in
the air for thirty-two hours, beating
the old record by six hours.
The two flyers left San Diego with,
the idea of making a non-stop trip to
New York City, but were prevented by
a dense fog which made it impossible,
to cross the mountains. They then de
cided to remain in the air over San
Diego and, if possible, break the rec
ord.
Macready, on September 28, 1921,
ascended 37,800 feet for a new world's
altitude mark. It was also Macready
who fell 10.000 feet in a Morse plane
at Ithaca, New York, and escaped in
jury. He served with the A. E. F.
aviation service.
On October G, Lieutenant John A.
Macready, '13, and Lieutenant Oakley
Kelly of the United States Array air
service, established a new sustained
flight record when they remained in
the air for thirty-two hours, beating
the old record by six hours.
The two flyers left San Diego with,
the idea of making a non-stop trip to
New York City, but were prevented by
a dense fog which made it impossible,
to cross the mountains. They then de
cided to remain in the air over San
Diego and, if possible, break the rec
ord.
Macready, on September 28, 1921,
ascended 37,800 feet for a new world's
altitude mark. It was also Macready
who fell 10.000 feet in a Morse plane
at Ithaca, New York, and escaped in
jury. He served with the A. E. F.
aviation service.
On October G, Lieutenant John A.
Macready, '13, and Lieutenant Oakley
Kelly of the United States Array air
service, established a new sustained
flight record when they remained in
the air for thirty-two hours, beating
the old record by six hours.
The two flyers left San Diego with,
the idea of making a non-stop trip to
New York City, but were prevented by
a dense fog which made it impossible,
to cross the mountains. They then de
cided to remain in the air over San
Diego and, if possible, break the rec
ord.
Macready, on September 28, 1921,
ascended 37,800 feet for a new world's
altitude mark. It was also Macready
who fell 10.000 feet in a Morse plane
at Ithaca, New York, and escaped in
jury. He served with the A. E. F.
aviation service.
On October G, Lieutenant John A.
Macready, '13, and Lieutenant Oakley
Kelly of the United States Array air
service, established a new sustained
flight record when they remained in
the air for thirty-two hours, beating
the old record by six hours.
The two flyers left San Diego with,
the idea of making a non-stop trip to
New York City, but were prevented by
a dense fog which made it impossible,
to cross the mountains. They then de
cided to remain in the air over San
Diego and, if possible, break the rec
ord.
Macready, on September 28, 1921,
ascended 37,800 feet for a new world's
altitude mark. It was also Macready
who fell 10.000 feet in a Morse plane
at Ithaca, New York, and escaped in
jury. He served with the A. E. F.
aviation service.
On October G, Lieutenant John A.
Macready, '13, and Lieutenant Oakley
Kelly of the United States Array air
service, established a new sustained
flight record when they remained in
the air for thirty-two hours, beating
the old record by six hours.
The two flyers left San Diego with,
the idea of making a non-stop trip to
New York City, but were prevented by
a dense fog which made it impossible,
to cross the mountains. They then de
cided to remain in the air over San
Diego and, if possible, break the rec
ord.
Macready, on September 28, 1921,
ascended 37,800 feet for a new world's
altitude mark. It was also Macready
who fell 10.000 feet in a Morse plane
at Ithaca, New York, and escaped in
jury. He served with the A. E. F.
aviation service.
On October G, Lieutenant John A.
Macready, '13, and Lieutenant Oakley
Kelly of the United States Array air
service, established a new sustained
flight record when they remained in
the air for thirty-two hours, beating
the old record by six hours.
The two flyers left San Diego with,
the idea of making a non-stop trip to
New York City, but were prevented by
a dense fog which made it impossible,
to cross the mountains. They then de
cided to remain in the air over San
Diego and, if possible, break the rec
ord.
Macready, on September 28, 1921,
ascended 37,800 feet for a new world's
altitude mark. It was also Macready
who fell 10.000 feet in a Morse plane
at Ithaca, New York, and escaped in
jury. He served with the A. E. F.
aviation service.
