# Athletic Season Tickets To Be Sold to Alumni And Graduate Students
## 
### 
The Graduate Manager's office has
'announced that Stanford alumni may
obtain season tickets for athletic con
tests at the stadium gates before a
game. Graduate students enrolled in
the University may get a card at the
Administration Building entitling them
to admittance to games and to under
graduate privileges which include the
use of Encina Gymnasium and lockers.
Both the season ticket and the card for
the graduate student cost five dollars.
The Graduate Manager's office has
'announced that Stanford alumni may
obtain season tickets for athletic con
tests at the stadium gates before a
game. Graduate students enrolled in
the University may get a card at the
Administration Building entitling them
to admittance to games and to under
graduate privileges which include the
use of Encina Gymnasium and lockers.
Both the season ticket and the card for
the graduate student cost five dollars.
The Graduate Manager's office has
'announced that Stanford alumni may
obtain season tickets for athletic con
tests at the stadium gates before a
game. Graduate students enrolled in
the University may get a card at the
Administration Building entitling them
to admittance to games and to under
graduate privileges which include the
use of Encina Gymnasium and lockers.
Both the season ticket and the card for
the graduate student cost five dollars.
The Graduate Manager's office has
'announced that Stanford alumni may
obtain season tickets for athletic con
tests at the stadium gates before a
game. Graduate students enrolled in
the University may get a card at the
Administration Building entitling them
to admittance to games and to under
graduate privileges which include the
use of Encina Gymnasium and lockers.
Both the season ticket and the card for
the graduate student cost five dollars.
The Graduate Manager's office has
'announced that Stanford alumni may
obtain season tickets for athletic con
tests at the stadium gates before a
game. Graduate students enrolled in
the University may get a card at the
Administration Building entitling them
to admittance to games and to under
graduate privileges which include the
use of Encina Gymnasium and lockers.
Both the season ticket and the card for
the graduate student cost five dollars.
The Graduate Manager's office has
'announced that Stanford alumni may
obtain season tickets for athletic con
tests at the stadium gates before a
game. Graduate students enrolled in
the University may get a card at the
Administration Building entitling them
to admittance to games and to under
graduate privileges which include the
use of Encina Gymnasium and lockers.
Both the season ticket and the card for
the graduate student cost five dollars.
The Graduate Manager's office has
'announced that Stanford alumni may
obtain season tickets for athletic con
tests at the stadium gates before a
game. Graduate students enrolled in
the University may get a card at the
Administration Building entitling them
to admittance to games and to under
graduate privileges which include the
use of Encina Gymnasium and lockers.
Both the season ticket and the card for
the graduate student cost five dollars.
The Graduate Manager's office has
'announced that Stanford alumni may
obtain season tickets for athletic con
tests at the stadium gates before a
game. Graduate students enrolled in
the University may get a card at the
Administration Building entitling them
to admittance to games and to under
graduate privileges which include the
use of Encina Gymnasium and lockers.
Both the season ticket and the card for
the graduate student cost five dollars.
The Graduate Manager's office has
'announced that Stanford alumni may
obtain season tickets for athletic con
tests at the stadium gates before a
game. Graduate students enrolled in
the University may get a card at the
Administration Building entitling them
to admittance to games and to under
graduate privileges which include the
use of Encina Gymnasium and lockers.
Both the season ticket and the card for
the graduate student cost five dollars.
The Graduate Manager's office has
'announced that Stanford alumni may
obtain season tickets for athletic con
tests at the stadium gates before a
game. Graduate students enrolled in
the University may get a card at the
Administration Building entitling them
to admittance to games and to under
graduate privileges which include the
use of Encina Gymnasium and lockers.
Both the season ticket and the card for
the graduate student cost five dollars.
The Graduate Manager's office has
'announced that Stanford alumni may
obtain season tickets for athletic con
tests at the stadium gates before a
game. Graduate students enrolled in
the University may get a card at the
Administration Building entitling them
to admittance to games and to under
graduate privileges which include the
use of Encina Gymnasium and lockers.
Both the season ticket and the card for
the graduate student cost five dollars.
The Graduate Manager's office has
'announced that Stanford alumni may
obtain season tickets for athletic con
tests at the stadium gates before a
game. Graduate students enrolled in
the University may get a card at the
Administration Building entitling them
to admittance to games and to under
graduate privileges which include the
use of Encina Gymnasium and lockers.
Both the season ticket and the card for
the graduate student cost five dollars.
The Graduate Manager's office has
'announced that Stanford alumni may
obtain season tickets for athletic con
tests at the stadium gates before a
game. Graduate students enrolled in
the University may get a card at the
Administration Building entitling them
to admittance to games and to under
graduate privileges which include the
use of Encina Gymnasium and lockers.
Both the season ticket and the card for
the graduate student cost five dollars.
The Graduate Manager's office has
'announced that Stanford alumni may
obtain season tickets for athletic con
tests at the stadium gates before a
game. Graduate students enrolled in
the University may get a card at the
Administration Building entitling them
to admittance to games and to under
graduate privileges which include the
use of Encina Gymnasium and lockers.
Both the season ticket and the card for
the graduate student cost five dollars.
