# Junior Prom Said To Be Public Dance at Wisconsin
## 
### 
Women students at the University
of Wisconsin are undecided as to
quitting the university or asking the
next legislature to move the institu
tion.
The excitement was caused by a re
cent ruling of the Dean of Women and
a new city ordinance which classifies
the Junior Promenade and the Mil
itary Ball as public dances. The wo
men students at Wisconsin are pro
hibited from attending public dances,
and the new city law means that the
university men will have to take
"town girls" to the most important
social functions of the school year.
Another point of difference was the
closing of all college dances at mid
night instead of at one o'clock.
Women students at the University
of Wisconsin are undecided as to
quitting the university or asking the
next legislature to move the institu
tion.
The excitement was caused by a re
cent ruling of the Dean of Women and
a new city ordinance which classifies
the Junior Promenade and the Mil
itary Ball as public dances. The wo
men students at Wisconsin are pro
hibited from attending public dances,
and the new city law means that the
university men will have to take
"town girls" to the most important
social functions of the school year.
Another point of difference was the
closing of all college dances at mid
night instead of at one o'clock.
Women students at the University
of Wisconsin are undecided as to
quitting the university or asking the
next legislature to move the institu
tion.
The excitement was caused by a re
cent ruling of the Dean of Women and
a new city ordinance which classifies
the Junior Promenade and the Mil
itary Ball as public dances. The wo
men students at Wisconsin are pro
hibited from attending public dances,
and the new city law means that the
university men will have to take
"town girls" to the most important
social functions of the school year.
Another point of difference was the
closing of all college dances at mid
night instead of at one o'clock.
Women students at the University
of Wisconsin are undecided as to
quitting the university or asking the
next legislature to move the institu
tion.
The excitement was caused by a re
cent ruling of the Dean of Women and
a new city ordinance which classifies
the Junior Promenade and the Mil
itary Ball as public dances. The wo
men students at Wisconsin are pro
hibited from attending public dances,
and the new city law means that the
university men will have to take
"town girls" to the most important
social functions of the school year.
Another point of difference was the
closing of all college dances at mid
night instead of at one o'clock.
Women students at the University
of Wisconsin are undecided as to
quitting the university or asking the
next legislature to move the institu
tion.
The excitement was caused by a re
cent ruling of the Dean of Women and
a new city ordinance which classifies
the Junior Promenade and the Mil
itary Ball as public dances. The wo
men students at Wisconsin are pro
hibited from attending public dances,
and the new city law means that the
university men will have to take
"town girls" to the most important
social functions of the school year.
Another point of difference was the
closing of all college dances at mid
night instead of at one o'clock.
Women students at the University
of Wisconsin are undecided as to
quitting the university or asking the
next legislature to move the institu
tion.
The excitement was caused by a re
cent ruling of the Dean of Women and
a new city ordinance which classifies
the Junior Promenade and the Mil
itary Ball as public dances. The wo
men students at Wisconsin are pro
hibited from attending public dances,
and the new city law means that the
university men will have to take
"town girls" to the most important
social functions of the school year.
Another point of difference was the
closing of all college dances at mid
night instead of at one o'clock.
Women students at the University
of Wisconsin are undecided as to
quitting the university or asking the
next legislature to move the institu
tion.
The excitement was caused by a re
cent ruling of the Dean of Women and
a new city ordinance which classifies
the Junior Promenade and the Mil
itary Ball as public dances. The wo
men students at Wisconsin are pro
hibited from attending public dances,
and the new city law means that the
university men will have to take
"town girls" to the most important
social functions of the school year.
Another point of difference was the
closing of all college dances at mid
night instead of at one o'clock.
Women students at the University
of Wisconsin are undecided as to
quitting the university or asking the
next legislature to move the institu
tion.
The excitement was caused by a re
cent ruling of the Dean of Women and
a new city ordinance which classifies
the Junior Promenade and the Mil
itary Ball as public dances. The wo
men students at Wisconsin are pro
hibited from attending public dances,
and the new city law means that the
university men will have to take
"town girls" to the most important
social functions of the school year.
Another point of difference was the
closing of all college dances at mid
night instead of at one o'clock.
Women students at the University
of Wisconsin are undecided as to
quitting the university or asking the
next legislature to move the institu
tion.
The excitement was caused by a re
cent ruling of the Dean of Women and
a new city ordinance which classifies
the Junior Promenade and the Mil
itary Ball as public dances. The wo
men students at Wisconsin are pro
hibited from attending public dances,
and the new city law means that the
university men will have to take
"town girls" to the most important
social functions of the school year.
Another point of difference was the
closing of all college dances at mid
night instead of at one o'clock.
Women students at the University
of Wisconsin are undecided as to
quitting the university or asking the
next legislature to move the institu
tion.
The excitement was caused by a re
cent ruling of the Dean of Women and
a new city ordinance which classifies
the Junior Promenade and the Mil
itary Ball as public dances. The wo
men students at Wisconsin are pro
hibited from attending public dances,
and the new city law means that the
university men will have to take
"town girls" to the most important
social functions of the school year.
Another point of difference was the
closing of all college dances at mid
night instead of at one o'clock.
Women students at the University
of Wisconsin are undecided as to
quitting the university or asking the
next legislature to move the institu
tion.
The excitement was caused by a re
cent ruling of the Dean of Women and
a new city ordinance which classifies
the Junior Promenade and the Mil
itary Ball as public dances. The wo
men students at Wisconsin are pro
hibited from attending public dances,
and the new city law means that the
university men will have to take
"town girls" to the most important
social functions of the school year.
Another point of difference was the
closing of all college dances at mid
night instead of at one o'clock.
Women students at the University
of Wisconsin are undecided as to
quitting the university or asking the
next legislature to move the institu
tion.
The excitement was caused by a re
cent ruling of the Dean of Women and
a new city ordinance which classifies
the Junior Promenade and the Mil
itary Ball as public dances. The wo
men students at Wisconsin are pro
hibited from attending public dances,
and the new city law means that the
university men will have to take
"town girls" to the most important
social functions of the school year.
Another point of difference was the
closing of all college dances at mid
night instead of at one o'clock.
Women students at the University
of Wisconsin are undecided as to
quitting the university or asking the
next legislature to move the institu
tion.
The excitement was caused by a re
cent ruling of the Dean of Women and
a new city ordinance which classifies
the Junior Promenade and the Mil
itary Ball as public dances. The wo
men students at Wisconsin are pro
hibited from attending public dances,
and the new city law means that the
university men will have to take
"town girls" to the most important
social functions of the school year.
Another point of difference was the
closing of all college dances at mid
night instead of at one o'clock.
Women students at the University
of Wisconsin are undecided as to
quitting the university or asking the
next legislature to move the institu
tion.
The excitement was caused by a re
cent ruling of the Dean of Women and
a new city ordinance which classifies
the Junior Promenade and the Mil
itary Ball as public dances. The wo
men students at Wisconsin are pro
hibited from attending public dances,
and the new city law means that the
university men will have to take
"town girls" to the most important
social functions of the school year.
Another point of difference was the
closing of all college dances at mid
night instead of at one o'clock.
