# FRIDAY
## 
### 
Bovine bingo
People will bet on just about any
thing and this story proves it
Thousands of people are on the
edge of their seats The most
pressing question of the weekend
where will Mrs Cloverdale leave
her trail 7 Page 7
Bovine bingo
People will bet on just about any
thing and this story proves it
Thousands of people are on the
edge of their seats The most
pressing question of the weekend
where will Mrs Cloverdale leave
her trail 7 Page 7
Bovine bingo
People will bet on just about any
thing and this story proves it
Thousands of people are on the
edge of their seats The most
pressing question of the weekend
where will Mrs Cloverdale leave
her trail 7 Page 7
Bovine bingo
People will bet on just about any
thing and this story proves it
Thousands of people are on the
edge of their seats The most
pressing question of the weekend
where will Mrs Cloverdale leave
her trail 7 Page 7
Bovine bingo
People will bet on just about any
thing and this story proves it
Thousands of people are on the
edge of their seats The most
pressing question of the weekend
where will Mrs Cloverdale leave
her trail 7 Page 7
Bovine bingo
People will bet on just about any
thing and this story proves it
Thousands of people are on the
edge of their seats The most
pressing question of the weekend
where will Mrs Cloverdale leave
her trail 7 Page 7
Bovine bingo
People will bet on just about any
thing and this story proves it
Thousands of people are on the
edge of their seats The most
pressing question of the weekend
where will Mrs Cloverdale leave
her trail 7 Page 7
Bovine bingo
People will bet on just about any
thing and this story proves it
Thousands of people are on the
edge of their seats The most
pressing question of the weekend
where will Mrs Cloverdale leave
her trail 7 Page 7
