# Football Songs and Yells.
## 
### 
It is desired to publish the foot
ball song book early this year. The
executive committee offers a prize
of $10 for the best song submitted.
All songs must be offered by Fri
day, October 13th, to one of the
undersigned. Words should be
written to popular and well-known
music. New yells are also wanted.
0. C. Leitek,
F. F. Bradley,
.T. F. English.
It is desired to publish the foot
ball song book early this year. The
executive committee offers a prize
of $10 for the best song submitted.
All songs must be offered by Fri
day, October 13th, to one of the
undersigned. Words should be
written to popular and well-known
music. New yells are also wanted.
0. C. Leitek,
F. F. Bradley,
.T. F. English.
It is desired to publish the foot
ball song book early this year. The
executive committee offers a prize
of $10 for the best song submitted.
All songs must be offered by Fri
day, October 13th, to one of the
undersigned. Words should be
written to popular and well-known
music. New yells are also wanted.
0. C. Leitek,
F. F. Bradley,
.T. F. English.
It is desired to publish the foot
ball song book early this year. The
executive committee offers a prize
of $10 for the best song submitted.
All songs must be offered by Fri
day, October 13th, to one of the
undersigned. Words should be
written to popular and well-known
music. New yells are also wanted.
0. C. Leitek,
F. F. Bradley,
.T. F. English.
It is desired to publish the foot
ball song book early this year. The
executive committee offers a prize
of $10 for the best song submitted.
All songs must be offered by Fri
day, October 13th, to one of the
undersigned. Words should be
written to popular and well-known
music. New yells are also wanted.
0. C. Leitek,
F. F. Bradley,
.T. F. English.
It is desired to publish the foot
ball song book early this year. The
executive committee offers a prize
of $10 for the best song submitted.
All songs must be offered by Fri
day, October 13th, to one of the
undersigned. Words should be
written to popular and well-known
music. New yells are also wanted.
0. C. Leitek,
F. F. Bradley,
.T. F. English.
