# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
sp—ROOS—up
IN A SMART NEW
FALL SUIT!
A wide variety awaits
your selection—and at
prices you'll be pleased
to see.
Rooaßro*
1 25 University Av«.
sp—ROOS—up
IN A SMART NEW
FALL SUIT!
A wide variety awaits
your selection—and at
prices you'll be pleased
to see.
Rooaßro*
1 25 University Av«.
sp—ROOS—up
IN A SMART NEW
FALL SUIT!
A wide variety awaits
your selection—and at
prices you'll be pleased
to see.
Rooaßro*
1 25 University Av«.
sp—ROOS—up
IN A SMART NEW
FALL SUIT!
A wide variety awaits
your selection—and at
prices you'll be pleased
to see.
Rooaßro*
1 25 University Av«.
sp—ROOS—up
IN A SMART NEW
FALL SUIT!
A wide variety awaits
your selection—and at
prices you'll be pleased
to see.
Rooaßro*
1 25 University Av«.
sp—ROOS—up
IN A SMART NEW
FALL SUIT!
A wide variety awaits
your selection—and at
prices you'll be pleased
to see.
Rooaßro*
1 25 University Av«.
sp—ROOS—up
IN A SMART NEW
FALL SUIT!
A wide variety awaits
your selection—and at
prices you'll be pleased
to see.
Rooaßro*
1 25 University Av«.
sp—ROOS—up
IN A SMART NEW
FALL SUIT!
A wide variety awaits
your selection—and at
prices you'll be pleased
to see.
Rooaßro*
1 25 University Av«.
sp—ROOS—up
IN A SMART NEW
FALL SUIT!
A wide variety awaits
your selection—and at
prices you'll be pleased
to see.
Rooaßro*
1 25 University Av«.
sp—ROOS—up
IN A SMART NEW
FALL SUIT!
A wide variety awaits
your selection—and at
prices you'll be pleased
to see.
Rooaßro*
1 25 University Av«.
sp—ROOS—up
IN A SMART NEW
FALL SUIT!
A wide variety awaits
your selection—and at
prices you'll be pleased
to see.
Rooaßro*
1 25 University Av«.
sp—ROOS—up
IN A SMART NEW
FALL SUIT!
A wide variety awaits
your selection—and at
prices you'll be pleased
to see.
Rooaßro*
1 25 University Av«.
sp—ROOS—up
IN A SMART NEW
FALL SUIT!
A wide variety awaits
your selection—and at
prices you'll be pleased
to see.
Rooaßro*
1 25 University Av«.
sp—ROOS—up
IN A SMART NEW
FALL SUIT!
A wide variety awaits
your selection—and at
prices you'll be pleased
to see.
Rooaßro*
1 25 University Av«.
sp—ROOS—up
IN A SMART NEW
FALL SUIT!
A wide variety awaits
your selection—and at
prices you'll be pleased
to see.
Rooaßro*
1 25 University Av«.
