# ANSWERS CRITICS
## 
### 
Dealing wtih the four criticisms
most commnoly made of the Chris
tian church, Dr. Trueblood spoke
last Sunday on "The Sins of the
Church." Next Sunday will be the
last service in the Memorial Chapel
until September 26.
Dealing wtih the four criticisms
most commnoly made of the Chris
tian church, Dr. Trueblood spoke
last Sunday on "The Sins of the
Church." Next Sunday will be the
last service in the Memorial Chapel
until September 26.
Dealing wtih the four criticisms
most commnoly made of the Chris
tian church, Dr. Trueblood spoke
last Sunday on "The Sins of the
Church." Next Sunday will be the
last service in the Memorial Chapel
until September 26.
Dealing wtih the four criticisms
most commnoly made of the Chris
tian church, Dr. Trueblood spoke
last Sunday on "The Sins of the
Church." Next Sunday will be the
last service in the Memorial Chapel
until September 26.
Dealing wtih the four criticisms
most commnoly made of the Chris
tian church, Dr. Trueblood spoke
last Sunday on "The Sins of the
Church." Next Sunday will be the
last service in the Memorial Chapel
until September 26.
Dealing wtih the four criticisms
most commnoly made of the Chris
tian church, Dr. Trueblood spoke
last Sunday on "The Sins of the
Church." Next Sunday will be the
last service in the Memorial Chapel
until September 26.
Dealing wtih the four criticisms
most commnoly made of the Chris
tian church, Dr. Trueblood spoke
last Sunday on "The Sins of the
Church." Next Sunday will be the
last service in the Memorial Chapel
until September 26.
Dealing wtih the four criticisms
most commnoly made of the Chris
tian church, Dr. Trueblood spoke
last Sunday on "The Sins of the
Church." Next Sunday will be the
last service in the Memorial Chapel
until September 26.
Dealing wtih the four criticisms
most commnoly made of the Chris
tian church, Dr. Trueblood spoke
last Sunday on "The Sins of the
Church." Next Sunday will be the
last service in the Memorial Chapel
until September 26.
Dealing wtih the four criticisms
most commnoly made of the Chris
tian church, Dr. Trueblood spoke
last Sunday on "The Sins of the
Church." Next Sunday will be the
last service in the Memorial Chapel
until September 26.
Dealing wtih the four criticisms
most commnoly made of the Chris
tian church, Dr. Trueblood spoke
last Sunday on "The Sins of the
Church." Next Sunday will be the
last service in the Memorial Chapel
until September 26.
Dealing wtih the four criticisms
most commnoly made of the Chris
tian church, Dr. Trueblood spoke
last Sunday on "The Sins of the
Church." Next Sunday will be the
last service in the Memorial Chapel
until September 26.
Dealing wtih the four criticisms
most commnoly made of the Chris
tian church, Dr. Trueblood spoke
last Sunday on "The Sins of the
Church." Next Sunday will be the
last service in the Memorial Chapel
until September 26.
Dealing wtih the four criticisms
most commnoly made of the Chris
tian church, Dr. Trueblood spoke
last Sunday on "The Sins of the
Church." Next Sunday will be the
last service in the Memorial Chapel
until September 26.
Dealing wtih the four criticisms
most commnoly made of the Chris
tian church, Dr. Trueblood spoke
last Sunday on "The Sins of the
Church." Next Sunday will be the
last service in the Memorial Chapel
until September 26.
