# Row Men Stop SAE Robbery
## Matties, Rodda Leaders In Prowler Search 
### 
The quick action of John Matties
and Henry Rodda, Summer Quarter
students, quashed an attempted rob
bery at the S.A.E. house Sunday
night.
Rodda and Matties were studying
in their room on the second floor
when their attention was attracted
by a rope dangling in front of one
of their windows. Rodda sprang to
the floor and motioned his room
mate out of the room. Matties dash
ed to the room above to see if the
marauder was operating from there.
Rodda grabbed the end of the rope
and secured it to a piece of heavy
furniture.
The thief, Matties declared, alarm
ed by the noise, escaped across the
hall and down the fire escape. Un
der the leadership of Rodda and
Matties, the boys in the house made
a search of the house and grounds
but discovered nothing.
Two other visits were paid by the
thief before midnight. While Mat
ties and Rodda were out of the
house warning the other fraternities
along the row, another attempt was
made on their room. A knife had
been driven about four inches into
the door jamb. The difficulty which
the men had in getting the knife out
of the door, Rodda pointed out, in
dicated the thief was extremely pow
erful.
Matties and Rodda feel that some
quirk has led him to think they
have something valuable in their
room. They point out that theirs is
the only room which could not be
entered last year, when there was a

series of entries.
Rodda and Matties have turned all
evidence, including a note contain
ing the message, "You guys better
not talk," over to the police.
The quick action of John Matties
and Henry Rodda, Summer Quarter
students, quashed an attempted rob
bery at the S.A.E. house Sunday
night.
Rodda and Matties were studying
in their room on the second floor
when their attention was attracted
by a rope dangling in front of one
of their windows. Rodda sprang to
the floor and motioned his room
mate out of the room. Matties dash
ed to the room above to see if the
marauder was operating from there.
Rodda grabbed the end of the rope
and secured it to a piece of heavy
furniture.
The thief, Matties declared, alarm
ed by the noise, escaped across the
hall and down the fire escape. Un
der the leadership of Rodda and
Matties, the boys in the house made
a search of the house and grounds
but discovered nothing.
Two other visits were paid by the
thief before midnight. While Mat
ties and Rodda were out of the
house warning the other fraternities
along the row, another attempt was
made on their room. A knife had
been driven about four inches into
the door jamb. The difficulty which
the men had in getting the knife out
of the door, Rodda pointed out, in
dicated the thief was extremely pow
erful.
Matties and Rodda feel that some
quirk has led him to think they
have something valuable in their
room. They point out that theirs is
the only room which could not be
entered last year, when there was a

series of entries.
Rodda and Matties have turned all
evidence, including a note contain
ing the message, "You guys better
not talk," over to the police.
The quick action of John Matties
and Henry Rodda, Summer Quarter
students, quashed an attempted rob
bery at the S.A.E. house Sunday
night.
Rodda and Matties were studying
in their room on the second floor
when their attention was attracted
by a rope dangling in front of one
of their windows. Rodda sprang to
the floor and motioned his room
mate out of the room. Matties dash
ed to the room above to see if the
marauder was operating from there.
Rodda grabbed the end of the rope
and secured it to a piece of heavy
furniture.
The thief, Matties declared, alarm
ed by the noise, escaped across the
hall and down the fire escape. Un
der the leadership of Rodda and
Matties, the boys in the house made
a search of the house and grounds
but discovered nothing.
Two other visits were paid by the
thief before midnight. While Mat
ties and Rodda were out of the
house warning the other fraternities
along the row, another attempt was
made on their room. A knife had
been driven about four inches into
the door jamb. The difficulty which
the men had in getting the knife out
of the door, Rodda pointed out, in
dicated the thief was extremely pow
erful.
Matties and Rodda feel that some
quirk has led him to think they
have something valuable in their
room. They point out that theirs is
the only room which could not be
entered last year, when there was a

series of entries.
Rodda and Matties have turned all
evidence, including a note contain
ing the message, "You guys better
not talk," over to the police.
The quick action of John Matties
and Henry Rodda, Summer Quarter
students, quashed an attempted rob
bery at the S.A.E. house Sunday
night.
Rodda and Matties were studying
in their room on the second floor
when their attention was attracted
by a rope dangling in front of one
of their windows. Rodda sprang to
the floor and motioned his room
mate out of the room. Matties dash
ed to the room above to see if the
marauder was operating from there.
Rodda grabbed the end of the rope
and secured it to a piece of heavy
furniture.
The thief, Matties declared, alarm
ed by the noise, escaped across the
hall and down the fire escape. Un
der the leadership of Rodda and
Matties, the boys in the house made
a search of the house and grounds
but discovered nothing.
Two other visits were paid by the
thief before midnight. While Mat
ties and Rodda were out of the
house warning the other fraternities
along the row, another attempt was
made on their room. A knife had
been driven about four inches into
the door jamb. The difficulty which
the men had in getting the knife out
of the door, Rodda pointed out, in
dicated the thief was extremely pow
erful.
Matties and Rodda feel that some
quirk has led him to think they
have something valuable in their
room. They point out that theirs is
the only room which could not be
entered last year, when there was a

series of entries.
Rodda and Matties have turned all
evidence, including a note contain
ing the message, "You guys better
not talk," over to the police.
The quick action of John Matties
and Henry Rodda, Summer Quarter
students, quashed an attempted rob
bery at the S.A.E. house Sunday
night.
Rodda and Matties were studying
in their room on the second floor
when their attention was attracted
by a rope dangling in front of one
of their windows. Rodda sprang to
the floor and motioned his room
mate out of the room. Matties dash
ed to the room above to see if the
marauder was operating from there.
Rodda grabbed the end of the rope
and secured it to a piece of heavy
furniture.
The thief, Matties declared, alarm
ed by the noise, escaped across the
hall and down the fire escape. Un
der the leadership of Rodda and
Matties, the boys in the house made
a search of the house and grounds
but discovered nothing.
Two other visits were paid by the
thief before midnight. While Mat
ties and Rodda were out of the
house warning the other fraternities
along the row, another attempt was
made on their room. A knife had
been driven about four inches into
the door jamb. The difficulty which
the men had in getting the knife out
of the door, Rodda pointed out, in
dicated the thief was extremely pow
erful.
Matties and Rodda feel that some
quirk has led him to think they
have something valuable in their
room. They point out that theirs is
the only room which could not be
entered last year, when there was a

series of entries.
Rodda and Matties have turned all
evidence, including a note contain
ing the message, "You guys better
not talk," over to the police.
The quick action of John Matties
and Henry Rodda, Summer Quarter
students, quashed an attempted rob
bery at the S.A.E. house Sunday
night.
Rodda and Matties were studying
in their room on the second floor
when their attention was attracted
by a rope dangling in front of one
of their windows. Rodda sprang to
the floor and motioned his room
mate out of the room. Matties dash
ed to the room above to see if the
marauder was operating from there.
Rodda grabbed the end of the rope
and secured it to a piece of heavy
furniture.
The thief, Matties declared, alarm
ed by the noise, escaped across the
hall and down the fire escape. Un
der the leadership of Rodda and
Matties, the boys in the house made
a search of the house and grounds
but discovered nothing.
Two other visits were paid by the
thief before midnight. While Mat
ties and Rodda were out of the
house warning the other fraternities
along the row, another attempt was
made on their room. A knife had
been driven about four inches into
the door jamb. The difficulty which
the men had in getting the knife out
of the door, Rodda pointed out, in
dicated the thief was extremely pow
erful.
Matties and Rodda feel that some
quirk has led him to think they
have something valuable in their
room. They point out that theirs is
the only room which could not be
entered last year, when there was a

series of entries.
Rodda and Matties have turned all
evidence, including a note contain
ing the message, "You guys better
not talk," over to the police.
The quick action of John Matties
and Henry Rodda, Summer Quarter
students, quashed an attempted rob
bery at the S.A.E. house Sunday
night.
Rodda and Matties were studying
in their room on the second floor
when their attention was attracted
by a rope dangling in front of one
of their windows. Rodda sprang to
the floor and motioned his room
mate out of the room. Matties dash
ed to the room above to see if the
marauder was operating from there.
Rodda grabbed the end of the rope
and secured it to a piece of heavy
furniture.
The thief, Matties declared, alarm
ed by the noise, escaped across the
hall and down the fire escape. Un
der the leadership of Rodda and
Matties, the boys in the house made
a search of the house and grounds
but discovered nothing.
Two other visits were paid by the
thief before midnight. While Mat
ties and Rodda were out of the
house warning the other fraternities
along the row, another attempt was
made on their room. A knife had
been driven about four inches into
the door jamb. The difficulty which
the men had in getting the knife out
of the door, Rodda pointed out, in
dicated the thief was extremely pow
erful.
Matties and Rodda feel that some
quirk has led him to think they
have something valuable in their
room. They point out that theirs is
the only room which could not be
entered last year, when there was a

series of entries.
Rodda and Matties have turned all
evidence, including a note contain
ing the message, "You guys better
not talk," over to the police.
The quick action of John Matties
and Henry Rodda, Summer Quarter
students, quashed an attempted rob
bery at the S.A.E. house Sunday
night.
Rodda and Matties were studying
in their room on the second floor
when their attention was attracted
by a rope dangling in front of one
of their windows. Rodda sprang to
the floor and motioned his room
mate out of the room. Matties dash
ed to the room above to see if the
marauder was operating from there.
Rodda grabbed the end of the rope
and secured it to a piece of heavy
furniture.
The thief, Matties declared, alarm
ed by the noise, escaped across the
hall and down the fire escape. Un
der the leadership of Rodda and
Matties, the boys in the house made
a search of the house and grounds
but discovered nothing.
Two other visits were paid by the
thief before midnight. While Mat
ties and Rodda were out of the
house warning the other fraternities
along the row, another attempt was
made on their room. A knife had
been driven about four inches into
the door jamb. The difficulty which
the men had in getting the knife out
of the door, Rodda pointed out, in
dicated the thief was extremely pow
erful.
Matties and Rodda feel that some
quirk has led him to think they
have something valuable in their
room. They point out that theirs is
the only room which could not be
entered last year, when there was a

series of entries.
Rodda and Matties have turned all
evidence, including a note contain
ing the message, "You guys better
not talk," over to the police.
The quick action of John Matties
and Henry Rodda, Summer Quarter
students, quashed an attempted rob
bery at the S.A.E. house Sunday
night.
Rodda and Matties were studying
in their room on the second floor
when their attention was attracted
by a rope dangling in front of one
of their windows. Rodda sprang to
the floor and motioned his room
mate out of the room. Matties dash
ed to the room above to see if the
marauder was operating from there.
Rodda grabbed the end of the rope
and secured it to a piece of heavy
furniture.
The thief, Matties declared, alarm
ed by the noise, escaped across the
hall and down the fire escape. Un
der the leadership of Rodda and
Matties, the boys in the house made
a search of the house and grounds
but discovered nothing.
Two other visits were paid by the
thief before midnight. While Mat
ties and Rodda were out of the
house warning the other fraternities
along the row, another attempt was
made on their room. A knife had
been driven about four inches into
the door jamb. The difficulty which
the men had in getting the knife out
of the door, Rodda pointed out, in
dicated the thief was extremely pow
erful.
Matties and Rodda feel that some
quirk has led him to think they
have something valuable in their
room. They point out that theirs is
the only room which could not be
entered last year, when there was a

series of entries.
Rodda and Matties have turned all
evidence, including a note contain
ing the message, "You guys better
not talk," over to the police.
The quick action of John Matties
and Henry Rodda, Summer Quarter
students, quashed an attempted rob
bery at the S.A.E. house Sunday
night.
Rodda and Matties were studying
in their room on the second floor
when their attention was attracted
by a rope dangling in front of one
of their windows. Rodda sprang to
the floor and motioned his room
mate out of the room. Matties dash
ed to the room above to see if the
marauder was operating from there.
Rodda grabbed the end of the rope
and secured it to a piece of heavy
furniture.
The thief, Matties declared, alarm
ed by the noise, escaped across the
hall and down the fire escape. Un
der the leadership of Rodda and
Matties, the boys in the house made
a search of the house and grounds
but discovered nothing.
Two other visits were paid by the
thief before midnight. While Mat
ties and Rodda were out of the
house warning the other fraternities
along the row, another attempt was
made on their room. A knife had
been driven about four inches into
the door jamb. The difficulty which
the men had in getting the knife out
of the door, Rodda pointed out, in
dicated the thief was extremely pow
erful.
Matties and Rodda feel that some
quirk has led him to think they
have something valuable in their
room. They point out that theirs is
the only room which could not be
entered last year, when there was a

series of entries.
Rodda and Matties have turned all
evidence, including a note contain
ing the message, "You guys better
not talk," over to the police.
The quick action of John Matties
and Henry Rodda, Summer Quarter
students, quashed an attempted rob
bery at the S.A.E. house Sunday
night.
Rodda and Matties were studying
in their room on the second floor
when their attention was attracted
by a rope dangling in front of one
of their windows. Rodda sprang to
the floor and motioned his room
mate out of the room. Matties dash
ed to the room above to see if the
marauder was operating from there.
Rodda grabbed the end of the rope
and secured it to a piece of heavy
furniture.
The thief, Matties declared, alarm
ed by the noise, escaped across the
hall and down the fire escape. Un
der the leadership of Rodda and
Matties, the boys in the house made
a search of the house and grounds
but discovered nothing.
Two other visits were paid by the
thief before midnight. While Mat
ties and Rodda were out of the
house warning the other fraternities
along the row, another attempt was
made on their room. A knife had
been driven about four inches into
the door jamb. The difficulty which
the men had in getting the knife out
of the door, Rodda pointed out, in
dicated the thief was extremely pow
erful.
Matties and Rodda feel that some
quirk has led him to think they
have something valuable in their
room. They point out that theirs is
the only room which could not be
entered last year, when there was a

series of entries.
Rodda and Matties have turned all
evidence, including a note contain
ing the message, "You guys better
not talk," over to the police.
The quick action of John Matties
and Henry Rodda, Summer Quarter
students, quashed an attempted rob
bery at the S.A.E. house Sunday
night.
Rodda and Matties were studying
in their room on the second floor
when their attention was attracted
by a rope dangling in front of one
of their windows. Rodda sprang to
the floor and motioned his room
mate out of the room. Matties dash
ed to the room above to see if the
marauder was operating from there.
Rodda grabbed the end of the rope
and secured it to a piece of heavy
furniture.
The thief, Matties declared, alarm
ed by the noise, escaped across the
hall and down the fire escape. Un
der the leadership of Rodda and
Matties, the boys in the house made
a search of the house and grounds
but discovered nothing.
Two other visits were paid by the
thief before midnight. While Mat
ties and Rodda were out of the
house warning the other fraternities
along the row, another attempt was
made on their room. A knife had
been driven about four inches into
the door jamb. The difficulty which
the men had in getting the knife out
of the door, Rodda pointed out, in
dicated the thief was extremely pow
erful.
Matties and Rodda feel that some
quirk has led him to think they
have something valuable in their
room. They point out that theirs is
the only room which could not be
entered last year, when there was a

series of entries.
Rodda and Matties have turned all
evidence, including a note contain
ing the message, "You guys better
not talk," over to the police.
The quick action of John Matties
and Henry Rodda, Summer Quarter
students, quashed an attempted rob
bery at the S.A.E. house Sunday
night.
Rodda and Matties were studying
in their room on the second floor
when their attention was attracted
by a rope dangling in front of one
of their windows. Rodda sprang to
the floor and motioned his room
mate out of the room. Matties dash
ed to the room above to see if the
marauder was operating from there.
Rodda grabbed the end of the rope
and secured it to a piece of heavy
furniture.
The thief, Matties declared, alarm
ed by the noise, escaped across the
hall and down the fire escape. Un
der the leadership of Rodda and
Matties, the boys in the house made
a search of the house and grounds
but discovered nothing.
Two other visits were paid by the
thief before midnight. While Mat
ties and Rodda were out of the
house warning the other fraternities
along the row, another attempt was
made on their room. A knife had
been driven about four inches into
the door jamb. The difficulty which
the men had in getting the knife out
of the door, Rodda pointed out, in
dicated the thief was extremely pow
erful.
Matties and Rodda feel that some
quirk has led him to think they
have something valuable in their
room. They point out that theirs is
the only room which could not be
entered last year, when there was a

series of entries.
Rodda and Matties have turned all
evidence, including a note contain
ing the message, "You guys better
not talk," over to the police.
The quick action of John Matties
and Henry Rodda, Summer Quarter
students, quashed an attempted rob
bery at the S.A.E. house Sunday
night.
Rodda and Matties were studying
in their room on the second floor
when their attention was attracted
by a rope dangling in front of one
of their windows. Rodda sprang to
the floor and motioned his room
mate out of the room. Matties dash
ed to the room above to see if the
marauder was operating from there.
Rodda grabbed the end of the rope
and secured it to a piece of heavy
furniture.
The thief, Matties declared, alarm
ed by the noise, escaped across the
hall and down the fire escape. Un
der the leadership of Rodda and
Matties, the boys in the house made
a search of the house and grounds
but discovered nothing.
Two other visits were paid by the
thief before midnight. While Mat
ties and Rodda were out of the
house warning the other fraternities
along the row, another attempt was
made on their room. A knife had
been driven about four inches into
the door jamb. The difficulty which
the men had in getting the knife out
of the door, Rodda pointed out, in
dicated the thief was extremely pow
erful.
Matties and Rodda feel that some
quirk has led him to think they
have something valuable in their
room. They point out that theirs is
the only room which could not be
entered last year, when there was a

series of entries.
Rodda and Matties have turned all
evidence, including a note contain
ing the message, "You guys better
not talk," over to the police.
The quick action of John Matties
and Henry Rodda, Summer Quarter
students, quashed an attempted rob
bery at the S.A.E. house Sunday
night.
Rodda and Matties were studying
in their room on the second floor
when their attention was attracted
by a rope dangling in front of one
of their windows. Rodda sprang to
the floor and motioned his room
mate out of the room. Matties dash
ed to the room above to see if the
marauder was operating from there.
Rodda grabbed the end of the rope
and secured it to a piece of heavy
furniture.
The thief, Matties declared, alarm
ed by the noise, escaped across the
hall and down the fire escape. Un
der the leadership of Rodda and
Matties, the boys in the house made
a search of the house and grounds
but discovered nothing.
Two other visits were paid by the
thief before midnight. While Mat
ties and Rodda were out of the
house warning the other fraternities
along the row, another attempt was
made on their room. A knife had
been driven about four inches into
the door jamb. The difficulty which
the men had in getting the knife out
of the door, Rodda pointed out, in
dicated the thief was extremely pow
erful.
Matties and Rodda feel that some
quirk has led him to think they
have something valuable in their
room. They point out that theirs is
the only room which could not be
entered last year, when there was a

series of entries.
Rodda and Matties have turned all
evidence, including a note contain
ing the message, "You guys better
not talk," over to the police.
