# STATE TOPS SPENDERS
## 
### 
California led all other states in
national defense expenditures and
contracts during the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1941, according to
the research department of the
California State Chamber of Com
merce. The expenditures amounted
to $2,061,525,000.
California led all other states in
national defense expenditures and
contracts during the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1941, according to
the research department of the
California State Chamber of Com
merce. The expenditures amounted
to $2,061,525,000.
California led all other states in
national defense expenditures and
contracts during the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1941, according to
the research department of the
California State Chamber of Com
merce. The expenditures amounted
to $2,061,525,000.
California led all other states in
national defense expenditures and
contracts during the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1941, according to
the research department of the
California State Chamber of Com
merce. The expenditures amounted
to $2,061,525,000.
California led all other states in
national defense expenditures and
contracts during the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1941, according to
the research department of the
California State Chamber of Com
merce. The expenditures amounted
to $2,061,525,000.
California led all other states in
national defense expenditures and
contracts during the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1941, according to
the research department of the
California State Chamber of Com
merce. The expenditures amounted
to $2,061,525,000.
California led all other states in
national defense expenditures and
contracts during the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1941, according to
the research department of the
California State Chamber of Com
merce. The expenditures amounted
to $2,061,525,000.
California led all other states in
national defense expenditures and
contracts during the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1941, according to
the research department of the
California State Chamber of Com
merce. The expenditures amounted
to $2,061,525,000.
California led all other states in
national defense expenditures and
contracts during the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1941, according to
the research department of the
California State Chamber of Com
merce. The expenditures amounted
to $2,061,525,000.
California led all other states in
national defense expenditures and
contracts during the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1941, according to
the research department of the
California State Chamber of Com
merce. The expenditures amounted
to $2,061,525,000.
California led all other states in
national defense expenditures and
contracts during the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1941, according to
the research department of the
California State Chamber of Com
merce. The expenditures amounted
to $2,061,525,000.
California led all other states in
national defense expenditures and
contracts during the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1941, according to
the research department of the
California State Chamber of Com
merce. The expenditures amounted
to $2,061,525,000.
California led all other states in
national defense expenditures and
contracts during the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1941, according to
the research department of the
California State Chamber of Com
merce. The expenditures amounted
to $2,061,525,000.
California led all other states in
national defense expenditures and
contracts during the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1941, according to
the research department of the
California State Chamber of Com
merce. The expenditures amounted
to $2,061,525,000.
California led all other states in
national defense expenditures and
contracts during the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1941, according to
the research department of the
California State Chamber of Com
merce. The expenditures amounted
to $2,061,525,000.
California led all other states in
national defense expenditures and
contracts during the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1941, according to
the research department of the
California State Chamber of Com
merce. The expenditures amounted
to $2,061,525,000.
California led all other states in
national defense expenditures and
contracts during the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1941, according to
the research department of the
California State Chamber of Com
merce. The expenditures amounted
to $2,061,525,000.
California led all other states in
national defense expenditures and
contracts during the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1941, according to
the research department of the
California State Chamber of Com
merce. The expenditures amounted
to $2,061,525,000.
