# Duniway Receives Appointment.
## 
### 
Professor C. A. Duniway of the
History department has received
notice of his appointment as ad
junct member of the Public Ar
chives Commission of the American
Historical Association. He has
been requested to prepare a report
for the association on public ar
chives in the State of California.
Professor C. A. Duniway of the
History department has received
notice of his appointment as ad
junct member of the Public Ar
chives Commission of the American
Historical Association. He has
been requested to prepare a report
for the association on public ar
chives in the State of California.
Professor C. A. Duniway of the
History department has received
notice of his appointment as ad
junct member of the Public Ar
chives Commission of the American
Historical Association. He has
been requested to prepare a report
for the association on public ar
chives in the State of California.
Professor C. A. Duniway of the
History department has received
notice of his appointment as ad
junct member of the Public Ar
chives Commission of the American
Historical Association. He has
been requested to prepare a report
for the association on public ar
chives in the State of California.
Professor C. A. Duniway of the
History department has received
notice of his appointment as ad
junct member of the Public Ar
chives Commission of the American
Historical Association. He has
been requested to prepare a report
for the association on public ar
chives in the State of California.
Professor C. A. Duniway of the
History department has received
notice of his appointment as ad
junct member of the Public Ar
chives Commission of the American
Historical Association. He has
been requested to prepare a report
for the association on public ar
chives in the State of California.
Professor C. A. Duniway of the
History department has received
notice of his appointment as ad
junct member of the Public Ar
chives Commission of the American
Historical Association. He has
been requested to prepare a report
for the association on public ar
chives in the State of California.
Professor C. A. Duniway of the
History department has received
notice of his appointment as ad
junct member of the Public Ar
chives Commission of the American
Historical Association. He has
been requested to prepare a report
for the association on public ar
chives in the State of California.
Professor C. A. Duniway of the
History department has received
notice of his appointment as ad
junct member of the Public Ar
chives Commission of the American
Historical Association. He has
been requested to prepare a report
for the association on public ar
chives in the State of California.
