# Freshmen Will Play Palo Alto Tonight
## 1920 Basketball Squad Should Win Victory Against High School 
### 
Palo Alto high school and the fresh
men quintets will tangle in the En
cina gymnasium tonight in their first
game oi' the season. The contest will
be called promptly at 7:30. The 1920
team has only played two games this
season and in both of these the babes
were just getting acquainted with each
other, so their showing tonight should
give an idea of their strength in the
California series.
Coach Wilson will probably send the
same men against the high school five
that he used in the contest with the
Olympic Club's 145 pound team. They
were very effective against their more
experienced opponents, and seem to
work well together. Moulton and
ilood at forward, Toole at center, and
Noyes and Debenham at guard, was
the lineup last week, and the probable
lineup tonight.
