# GLEE CLUB SINGS IN SAN FRANCISCO TODAY
## 
### 
The Stanford Glee Club gave its last
concert of the year at San Francisco
Polytechnic High School this afternoon.
The students of all the high schools in
the city were invited to attend, and
classes were not held there this aft
ernoon. The program included regular
concert numbers with several special
ties.
The Stanford Glee Club gave its last
concert of the year at San Francisco
Polytechnic High School this afternoon.
The students of all the high schools in
the city were invited to attend, and
classes were not held there this aft
ernoon. The program included regular
concert numbers with several special
ties.
The Stanford Glee Club gave its last
concert of the year at San Francisco
Polytechnic High School this afternoon.
The students of all the high schools in
the city were invited to attend, and
classes were not held there this aft
ernoon. The program included regular
concert numbers with several special
ties.
The Stanford Glee Club gave its last
concert of the year at San Francisco
Polytechnic High School this afternoon.
The students of all the high schools in
the city were invited to attend, and
classes were not held there this aft
ernoon. The program included regular
concert numbers with several special
ties.
The Stanford Glee Club gave its last
concert of the year at San Francisco
Polytechnic High School this afternoon.
The students of all the high schools in
the city were invited to attend, and
classes were not held there this aft
ernoon. The program included regular
concert numbers with several special
ties.
The Stanford Glee Club gave its last
concert of the year at San Francisco
Polytechnic High School this afternoon.
The students of all the high schools in
the city were invited to attend, and
classes were not held there this aft
ernoon. The program included regular
concert numbers with several special
ties.
The Stanford Glee Club gave its last
concert of the year at San Francisco
Polytechnic High School this afternoon.
The students of all the high schools in
the city were invited to attend, and
classes were not held there this aft
ernoon. The program included regular
concert numbers with several special
ties.
The Stanford Glee Club gave its last
concert of the year at San Francisco
Polytechnic High School this afternoon.
The students of all the high schools in
the city were invited to attend, and
classes were not held there this aft
ernoon. The program included regular
concert numbers with several special
ties.
The Stanford Glee Club gave its last
concert of the year at San Francisco
Polytechnic High School this afternoon.
The students of all the high schools in
the city were invited to attend, and
classes were not held there this aft
ernoon. The program included regular
concert numbers with several special
ties.
The Stanford Glee Club gave its last
concert of the year at San Francisco
Polytechnic High School this afternoon.
The students of all the high schools in
the city were invited to attend, and
classes were not held there this aft
ernoon. The program included regular
concert numbers with several special
ties.
The Stanford Glee Club gave its last
concert of the year at San Francisco
Polytechnic High School this afternoon.
The students of all the high schools in
the city were invited to attend, and
classes were not held there this aft
ernoon. The program included regular
concert numbers with several special
ties.
The Stanford Glee Club gave its last
concert of the year at San Francisco
Polytechnic High School this afternoon.
The students of all the high schools in
the city were invited to attend, and
classes were not held there this aft
ernoon. The program included regular
concert numbers with several special
ties.
