# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Hobart College is the first American
educational institution to receive a 77
millimeter field piece from the French
government.
Hobart College is the first American
educational institution to receive a 77
millimeter field piece from the French
government.
Hobart College is the first American
educational institution to receive a 77
millimeter field piece from the French
government.
Hobart College is the first American
educational institution to receive a 77
millimeter field piece from the French
government.
Hobart College is the first American
educational institution to receive a 77
millimeter field piece from the French
government.
Hobart College is the first American
educational institution to receive a 77
millimeter field piece from the French
government.
Hobart College is the first American
educational institution to receive a 77
millimeter field piece from the French
government.
Hobart College is the first American
educational institution to receive a 77
millimeter field piece from the French
government.
Hobart College is the first American
educational institution to receive a 77
millimeter field piece from the French
government.
Hobart College is the first American
educational institution to receive a 77
millimeter field piece from the French
government.
Hobart College is the first American
educational institution to receive a 77
millimeter field piece from the French
government.
Hobart College is the first American
educational institution to receive a 77
millimeter field piece from the French
government.
