# Ski Reservations Due This Noon
## 
### 
All Ski Club members who are
planning to spend next week-end at
Yosemite should make reservations
for rooms in the A.S.S.U. office be
fore noon today, according to Bud
McDuflie, president of the club.
With nine inches of snow on the
ground and more on its way, accord
ing to reports from Badger, there
ought to be plenty of good skiing in
the park, said McDuffie.
The first 20 Ski Club members to
sign up for rooms at the A.S.S.U.
office will be given an hour's free
skiing lesson Sunday noon. Student
rates for rooms, on the upski and
for rental of equipment are now
available to club members. Reser
vations for the week-end of Jan. 20
may also be made now.
