# BAWLOUT TO BE POSTED
## 
### 
Bawlout proofs will be posted on
the bulletin boards in front of the
Ad Building tomorrow. Corrections
will be accepted until 5 o'clock.
Bawlout proofs will be posted on
the bulletin boards in front of the
Ad Building tomorrow. Corrections
will be accepted until 5 o'clock.
Bawlout proofs will be posted on
the bulletin boards in front of the
Ad Building tomorrow. Corrections
will be accepted until 5 o'clock.
Bawlout proofs will be posted on
the bulletin boards in front of the
Ad Building tomorrow. Corrections
will be accepted until 5 o'clock.
Bawlout proofs will be posted on
the bulletin boards in front of the
Ad Building tomorrow. Corrections
will be accepted until 5 o'clock.
Bawlout proofs will be posted on
the bulletin boards in front of the
Ad Building tomorrow. Corrections
will be accepted until 5 o'clock.
Bawlout proofs will be posted on
the bulletin boards in front of the
Ad Building tomorrow. Corrections
will be accepted until 5 o'clock.
Bawlout proofs will be posted on
the bulletin boards in front of the
Ad Building tomorrow. Corrections
will be accepted until 5 o'clock.
Bawlout proofs will be posted on
the bulletin boards in front of the
Ad Building tomorrow. Corrections
will be accepted until 5 o'clock.
Bawlout proofs will be posted on
the bulletin boards in front of the
Ad Building tomorrow. Corrections
will be accepted until 5 o'clock.
Bawlout proofs will be posted on
the bulletin boards in front of the
Ad Building tomorrow. Corrections
will be accepted until 5 o'clock.
Bawlout proofs will be posted on
the bulletin boards in front of the
Ad Building tomorrow. Corrections
will be accepted until 5 o'clock.
Bawlout proofs will be posted on
the bulletin boards in front of the
Ad Building tomorrow. Corrections
will be accepted until 5 o'clock.
Bawlout proofs will be posted on
the bulletin boards in front of the
Ad Building tomorrow. Corrections
will be accepted until 5 o'clock.
Bawlout proofs will be posted on
the bulletin boards in front of the
Ad Building tomorrow. Corrections
will be accepted until 5 o'clock.
Bawlout proofs will be posted on
the bulletin boards in front of the
Ad Building tomorrow. Corrections
will be accepted until 5 o'clock.
Bawlout proofs will be posted on
the bulletin boards in front of the
Ad Building tomorrow. Corrections
will be accepted until 5 o'clock.
