# STATE TO REDUCE AID
## 
### 
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 10 (UP).- A
statewide program to send Mexicans
back to their own country and re
duce relief rolls was proposed today
by State Finance Director John
Richards.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 10 (UP).- A
statewide program to send Mexicans
back to their own country and re
duce relief rolls was proposed today
by State Finance Director John
Richards.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 10 (UP).- A
statewide program to send Mexicans
back to their own country and re
duce relief rolls was proposed today
by State Finance Director John
Richards.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 10 (UP).- A
statewide program to send Mexicans
back to their own country and re
duce relief rolls was proposed today
by State Finance Director John
Richards.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 10 (UP).- A
statewide program to send Mexicans
back to their own country and re
duce relief rolls was proposed today
by State Finance Director John
Richards.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 10 (UP).- A
statewide program to send Mexicans
back to their own country and re
duce relief rolls was proposed today
by State Finance Director John
Richards.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 10 (UP).- A
statewide program to send Mexicans
back to their own country and re
duce relief rolls was proposed today
by State Finance Director John
Richards.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 10 (UP).- A
statewide program to send Mexicans
back to their own country and re
duce relief rolls was proposed today
by State Finance Director John
Richards.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 10 (UP).- A
statewide program to send Mexicans
back to their own country and re
duce relief rolls was proposed today
by State Finance Director John
Richards.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 10 (UP).- A
statewide program to send Mexicans
back to their own country and re
duce relief rolls was proposed today
by State Finance Director John
Richards.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 10 (UP).- A
statewide program to send Mexicans
back to their own country and re
duce relief rolls was proposed today
by State Finance Director John
Richards.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 10 (UP).- A
statewide program to send Mexicans
back to their own country and re
duce relief rolls was proposed today
by State Finance Director John
Richards.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 10 (UP).- A
statewide program to send Mexicans
back to their own country and re
duce relief rolls was proposed today
by State Finance Director John
Richards.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 10 (UP).- A
statewide program to send Mexicans
back to their own country and re
duce relief rolls was proposed today
by State Finance Director John
Richards.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 10 (UP).- A
statewide program to send Mexicans
back to their own country and re
duce relief rolls was proposed today
by State Finance Director John
Richards.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 10 (UP).- A
statewide program to send Mexicans
back to their own country and re
duce relief rolls was proposed today
by State Finance Director John
Richards.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 10 (UP).- A
statewide program to send Mexicans
back to their own country and re
duce relief rolls was proposed today
by State Finance Director John
Richards.
