# President to Hold Reception Tonight
## 
### 
An informal at homo will be hold
tonight by Dr. and Mrs. Ray Ey
man Wilbur at their homo on Ea
gunita Knoll at 8 o'elock. Now
students at the University arc es
pecially invited to the affair.
An informal at homo will be hold
tonight by Dr. and Mrs. Ray Ey
man Wilbur at their homo on Ea
gunita Knoll at 8 o'elock. Now
students at the University arc es
pecially invited to the affair.
An informal at homo will be hold
tonight by Dr. and Mrs. Ray Ey
man Wilbur at their homo on Ea
gunita Knoll at 8 o'elock. Now
students at the University arc es
pecially invited to the affair.
An informal at homo will be hold
tonight by Dr. and Mrs. Ray Ey
man Wilbur at their homo on Ea
gunita Knoll at 8 o'elock. Now
students at the University arc es
pecially invited to the affair.
An informal at homo will be hold
tonight by Dr. and Mrs. Ray Ey
man Wilbur at their homo on Ea
gunita Knoll at 8 o'elock. Now
students at the University arc es
pecially invited to the affair.
An informal at homo will be hold
tonight by Dr. and Mrs. Ray Ey
man Wilbur at their homo on Ea
gunita Knoll at 8 o'elock. Now
students at the University arc es
pecially invited to the affair.
An informal at homo will be hold
tonight by Dr. and Mrs. Ray Ey
man Wilbur at their homo on Ea
gunita Knoll at 8 o'elock. Now
students at the University arc es
pecially invited to the affair.
An informal at homo will be hold
tonight by Dr. and Mrs. Ray Ey
man Wilbur at their homo on Ea
gunita Knoll at 8 o'elock. Now
students at the University arc es
pecially invited to the affair.
An informal at homo will be hold
tonight by Dr. and Mrs. Ray Ey
man Wilbur at their homo on Ea
gunita Knoll at 8 o'elock. Now
students at the University arc es
pecially invited to the affair.
An informal at homo will be hold
tonight by Dr. and Mrs. Ray Ey
man Wilbur at their homo on Ea
gunita Knoll at 8 o'elock. Now
students at the University arc es
pecially invited to the affair.
An informal at homo will be hold
tonight by Dr. and Mrs. Ray Ey
man Wilbur at their homo on Ea
gunita Knoll at 8 o'elock. Now
students at the University arc es
pecially invited to the affair.
An informal at homo will be hold
tonight by Dr. and Mrs. Ray Ey
man Wilbur at their homo on Ea
gunita Knoll at 8 o'elock. Now
students at the University arc es
pecially invited to the affair.
An informal at homo will be hold
tonight by Dr. and Mrs. Ray Ey
man Wilbur at their homo on Ea
gunita Knoll at 8 o'elock. Now
students at the University arc es
pecially invited to the affair.
An informal at homo will be hold
tonight by Dr. and Mrs. Ray Ey
man Wilbur at their homo on Ea
gunita Knoll at 8 o'elock. Now
students at the University arc es
pecially invited to the affair.
An informal at homo will be hold
tonight by Dr. and Mrs. Ray Ey
man Wilbur at their homo on Ea
gunita Knoll at 8 o'elock. Now
students at the University arc es
pecially invited to the affair.
An informal at homo will be hold
tonight by Dr. and Mrs. Ray Ey
man Wilbur at their homo on Ea
gunita Knoll at 8 o'elock. Now
students at the University arc es
pecially invited to the affair.
An informal at homo will be hold
tonight by Dr. and Mrs. Ray Ey
man Wilbur at their homo on Ea
gunita Knoll at 8 o'elock. Now
students at the University arc es
pecially invited to the affair.
