# The 						Stanford Daily sports
## JERKY MAYER. Sports Editor WHY MEN LIKE SNOW SPORTS 
### 

A VERY LOVELY' reason why winter sports arc so popular at Lascll
College, Auburn dale. iNlass.. is Doris OhJrogge. who has recently been
selected as student head of winter sports. Here she is prepared to
enjoy a hike on snowshoes.

A VERY LOVELY' reason why winter sports arc so popular at Lascll
College, Auburn dale. iNlass.. is Doris OhJrogge. who has recently been
selected as student head of winter sports. Here she is prepared to
enjoy a hike on snowshoes.

A VERY LOVELY' reason why winter sports arc so popular at Lascll
College, Auburn dale. iNlass.. is Doris OhJrogge. who has recently been
selected as student head of winter sports. Here she is prepared to
enjoy a hike on snowshoes.

A VERY LOVELY' reason why winter sports arc so popular at Lascll
College, Auburn dale. iNlass.. is Doris OhJrogge. who has recently been
selected as student head of winter sports. Here she is prepared to
enjoy a hike on snowshoes.

A VERY LOVELY' reason why winter sports arc so popular at Lascll
College, Auburn dale. iNlass.. is Doris OhJrogge. who has recently been
selected as student head of winter sports. Here she is prepared to
enjoy a hike on snowshoes.

A VERY LOVELY' reason why winter sports arc so popular at Lascll
College, Auburn dale. iNlass.. is Doris OhJrogge. who has recently been
selected as student head of winter sports. Here she is prepared to
enjoy a hike on snowshoes.

A VERY LOVELY' reason why winter sports arc so popular at Lascll
College, Auburn dale. iNlass.. is Doris OhJrogge. who has recently been
selected as student head of winter sports. Here she is prepared to
enjoy a hike on snowshoes.

A VERY LOVELY' reason why winter sports arc so popular at Lascll
College, Auburn dale. iNlass.. is Doris OhJrogge. who has recently been
selected as student head of winter sports. Here she is prepared to
enjoy a hike on snowshoes.

A VERY LOVELY' reason why winter sports arc so popular at Lascll
College, Auburn dale. iNlass.. is Doris OhJrogge. who has recently been
selected as student head of winter sports. Here she is prepared to
enjoy a hike on snowshoes.

A VERY LOVELY' reason why winter sports arc so popular at Lascll
College, Auburn dale. iNlass.. is Doris OhJrogge. who has recently been
selected as student head of winter sports. Here she is prepared to
enjoy a hike on snowshoes.

A VERY LOVELY' reason why winter sports arc so popular at Lascll
College, Auburn dale. iNlass.. is Doris OhJrogge. who has recently been
selected as student head of winter sports. Here she is prepared to
enjoy a hike on snowshoes.

A VERY LOVELY' reason why winter sports arc so popular at Lascll
College, Auburn dale. iNlass.. is Doris OhJrogge. who has recently been
selected as student head of winter sports. Here she is prepared to
enjoy a hike on snowshoes.

A VERY LOVELY' reason why winter sports arc so popular at Lascll
College, Auburn dale. iNlass.. is Doris OhJrogge. who has recently been
selected as student head of winter sports. Here she is prepared to
enjoy a hike on snowshoes.

A VERY LOVELY' reason why winter sports arc so popular at Lascll
College, Auburn dale. iNlass.. is Doris OhJrogge. who has recently been
selected as student head of winter sports. Here she is prepared to
enjoy a hike on snowshoes.

A VERY LOVELY' reason why winter sports arc so popular at Lascll
College, Auburn dale. iNlass.. is Doris OhJrogge. who has recently been
selected as student head of winter sports. Here she is prepared to
enjoy a hike on snowshoes.

A VERY LOVELY' reason why winter sports arc so popular at Lascll
College, Auburn dale. iNlass.. is Doris OhJrogge. who has recently been
selected as student head of winter sports. Here she is prepared to
enjoy a hike on snowshoes.

A VERY LOVELY' reason why winter sports arc so popular at Lascll
College, Auburn dale. iNlass.. is Doris OhJrogge. who has recently been
selected as student head of winter sports. Here she is prepared to
enjoy a hike on snowshoes.
