# INSIDE
## 
### 
Where's the beef?
Men's hoopsters of
UCLA get the pick
for Pac-10 winner
See Sports, page 7

Have it your way
Don Kennedy says
he'll pursue science
after leaving office
See Science, page 9

Food, folks and fun
RCCs seem to have
it all. So why are so
few of them women?
See Science, page 9



Where's the beef?
Men's hoopsters of
UCLA get the pick
for Pac-10 winner
See Sports, page 7

Have it your way
Don Kennedy says
he'll pursue science
after leaving office
See Science, page 9

Food, folks and fun
RCCs seem to have
it all. So why are so
few of them women?
See Science, page 9



Where's the beef?
Men's hoopsters of
UCLA get the pick
for Pac-10 winner
See Sports, page 7

Have it your way
Don Kennedy says
he'll pursue science
after leaving office
See Science, page 9

Food, folks and fun
RCCs seem to have
it all. So why are so
few of them women?
See Science, page 9



Where's the beef?
Men's hoopsters of
UCLA get the pick
for Pac-10 winner
See Sports, page 7

Have it your way
Don Kennedy says
he'll pursue science
after leaving office
See Science, page 9

Food, folks and fun
RCCs seem to have
it all. So why are so
few of them women?
See Science, page 9



Where's the beef?
Men's hoopsters of
UCLA get the pick
for Pac-10 winner
See Sports, page 7

Have it your way
Don Kennedy says
he'll pursue science
after leaving office
See Science, page 9

Food, folks and fun
RCCs seem to have
it all. So why are so
few of them women?
See Science, page 9



Where's the beef?
Men's hoopsters of
UCLA get the pick
for Pac-10 winner
See Sports, page 7

Have it your way
Don Kennedy says
he'll pursue science
after leaving office
See Science, page 9

Food, folks and fun
RCCs seem to have
it all. So why are so
few of them women?
See Science, page 9



Where's the beef?
Men's hoopsters of
UCLA get the pick
for Pac-10 winner
See Sports, page 7

Have it your way
Don Kennedy says
he'll pursue science
after leaving office
See Science, page 9

Food, folks and fun
RCCs seem to have
it all. So why are so
few of them women?
See Science, page 9



Where's the beef?
Men's hoopsters of
UCLA get the pick
for Pac-10 winner
See Sports, page 7

Have it your way
Don Kennedy says
he'll pursue science
after leaving office
See Science, page 9

Food, folks and fun
RCCs seem to have
it all. So why are so
few of them women?
See Science, page 9



