# Adv. 35 Page 16
## 
### 
Introduce your business
to the Stanford Community
20,000 times every week
day.
I
Advertise in
The Stanford Daily
Call (650)723-2555 x4Ol
Introduce your business
to the Stanford Community
20,000 times every week
day.
I
Advertise in
The Stanford Daily
Call (650)723-2555 x4Ol
Introduce your business
to the Stanford Community
20,000 times every week
day.
I
Advertise in
The Stanford Daily
Call (650)723-2555 x4Ol
Introduce your business
to the Stanford Community
20,000 times every week
day.
I
Advertise in
The Stanford Daily
Call (650)723-2555 x4Ol
Introduce your business
to the Stanford Community
20,000 times every week
day.
I
Advertise in
The Stanford Daily
Call (650)723-2555 x4Ol
Introduce your business
to the Stanford Community
20,000 times every week
day.
I
Advertise in
The Stanford Daily
Call (650)723-2555 x4Ol
Introduce your business
to the Stanford Community
20,000 times every week
day.
I
Advertise in
The Stanford Daily
Call (650)723-2555 x4Ol
