# Gold Footballs Being Distributed.
## 
### 
The gold football watch-fob pen
dants awarded the members of the
varsity, the coaches, manager and
trainer by the Executive Committee
are being distributed. They are ex
cellent specimens of the goldsmith's
art. The contract for these pendants
was given to B. E. Jenney, '08, pro
prietor of the Campus Cyclery, and
he has just completed the work of
engraving them.
The gold football watch-fob pen
dants awarded the members of the
varsity, the coaches, manager and
trainer by the Executive Committee
are being distributed. They are ex
cellent specimens of the goldsmith's
art. The contract for these pendants
was given to B. E. Jenney, '08, pro
prietor of the Campus Cyclery, and
he has just completed the work of
engraving them.
The gold football watch-fob pen
dants awarded the members of the
varsity, the coaches, manager and
trainer by the Executive Committee
are being distributed. They are ex
cellent specimens of the goldsmith's
art. The contract for these pendants
was given to B. E. Jenney, '08, pro
prietor of the Campus Cyclery, and
he has just completed the work of
engraving them.
The gold football watch-fob pen
dants awarded the members of the
varsity, the coaches, manager and
trainer by the Executive Committee
are being distributed. They are ex
cellent specimens of the goldsmith's
art. The contract for these pendants
was given to B. E. Jenney, '08, pro
prietor of the Campus Cyclery, and
he has just completed the work of
engraving them.
The gold football watch-fob pen
dants awarded the members of the
varsity, the coaches, manager and
trainer by the Executive Committee
are being distributed. They are ex
cellent specimens of the goldsmith's
art. The contract for these pendants
was given to B. E. Jenney, '08, pro
prietor of the Campus Cyclery, and
he has just completed the work of
engraving them.
The gold football watch-fob pen
dants awarded the members of the
varsity, the coaches, manager and
trainer by the Executive Committee
are being distributed. They are ex
cellent specimens of the goldsmith's
art. The contract for these pendants
was given to B. E. Jenney, '08, pro
prietor of the Campus Cyclery, and
he has just completed the work of
engraving them.
The gold football watch-fob pen
dants awarded the members of the
varsity, the coaches, manager and
trainer by the Executive Committee
are being distributed. They are ex
cellent specimens of the goldsmith's
art. The contract for these pendants
was given to B. E. Jenney, '08, pro
prietor of the Campus Cyclery, and
he has just completed the work of
engraving them.
The gold football watch-fob pen
dants awarded the members of the
varsity, the coaches, manager and
trainer by the Executive Committee
are being distributed. They are ex
cellent specimens of the goldsmith's
art. The contract for these pendants
was given to B. E. Jenney, '08, pro
prietor of the Campus Cyclery, and
he has just completed the work of
engraving them.
The gold football watch-fob pen
dants awarded the members of the
varsity, the coaches, manager and
trainer by the Executive Committee
are being distributed. They are ex
cellent specimens of the goldsmith's
art. The contract for these pendants
was given to B. E. Jenney, '08, pro
prietor of the Campus Cyclery, and
he has just completed the work of
engraving them.
The gold football watch-fob pen
dants awarded the members of the
varsity, the coaches, manager and
trainer by the Executive Committee
are being distributed. They are ex
cellent specimens of the goldsmith's
art. The contract for these pendants
was given to B. E. Jenney, '08, pro
prietor of the Campus Cyclery, and
he has just completed the work of
engraving them.
