# Will Hold Special Meeting.
## 
### 
The Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation will hold its last meeting of
this semester, Sunday morning, De
cember 13, at 9:45, in room 55. Prof.
J. G. Rodger will deliver an address
on "Science and Religion." Dr. Rod
ger is professor of the Science of Re
ligion of the National University
Union. He is a graduate of Yale and
Union Seminary, New York, and has
also studied in Edinburgh and Leipsic
Universities.
The Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation will hold its last meeting of
this semester, Sunday morning, De
cember 13, at 9:45, in room 55. Prof.
J. G. Rodger will deliver an address
on "Science and Religion." Dr. Rod
ger is professor of the Science of Re
ligion of the National University
Union. He is a graduate of Yale and
Union Seminary, New York, and has
also studied in Edinburgh and Leipsic
Universities.
The Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation will hold its last meeting of
this semester, Sunday morning, De
cember 13, at 9:45, in room 55. Prof.
J. G. Rodger will deliver an address
on "Science and Religion." Dr. Rod
ger is professor of the Science of Re
ligion of the National University
Union. He is a graduate of Yale and
Union Seminary, New York, and has
also studied in Edinburgh and Leipsic
Universities.
The Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation will hold its last meeting of
this semester, Sunday morning, De
cember 13, at 9:45, in room 55. Prof.
J. G. Rodger will deliver an address
on "Science and Religion." Dr. Rod
ger is professor of the Science of Re
ligion of the National University
Union. He is a graduate of Yale and
Union Seminary, New York, and has
also studied in Edinburgh and Leipsic
Universities.
The Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation will hold its last meeting of
this semester, Sunday morning, De
cember 13, at 9:45, in room 55. Prof.
J. G. Rodger will deliver an address
on "Science and Religion." Dr. Rod
ger is professor of the Science of Re
ligion of the National University
Union. He is a graduate of Yale and
Union Seminary, New York, and has
also studied in Edinburgh and Leipsic
Universities.
The Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation will hold its last meeting of
this semester, Sunday morning, De
cember 13, at 9:45, in room 55. Prof.
J. G. Rodger will deliver an address
on "Science and Religion." Dr. Rod
ger is professor of the Science of Re
ligion of the National University
Union. He is a graduate of Yale and
Union Seminary, New York, and has
also studied in Edinburgh and Leipsic
Universities.
The Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation will hold its last meeting of
this semester, Sunday morning, De
cember 13, at 9:45, in room 55. Prof.
J. G. Rodger will deliver an address
on "Science and Religion." Dr. Rod
ger is professor of the Science of Re
ligion of the National University
Union. He is a graduate of Yale and
Union Seminary, New York, and has
also studied in Edinburgh and Leipsic
Universities.
The Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation will hold its last meeting of
this semester, Sunday morning, De
cember 13, at 9:45, in room 55. Prof.
J. G. Rodger will deliver an address
on "Science and Religion." Dr. Rod
ger is professor of the Science of Re
ligion of the National University
Union. He is a graduate of Yale and
Union Seminary, New York, and has
also studied in Edinburgh and Leipsic
Universities.
The Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation will hold its last meeting of
this semester, Sunday morning, De
cember 13, at 9:45, in room 55. Prof.
J. G. Rodger will deliver an address
on "Science and Religion." Dr. Rod
ger is professor of the Science of Re
ligion of the National University
Union. He is a graduate of Yale and
Union Seminary, New York, and has
also studied in Edinburgh and Leipsic
Universities.
The Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation will hold its last meeting of
this semester, Sunday morning, De
cember 13, at 9:45, in room 55. Prof.
J. G. Rodger will deliver an address
on "Science and Religion." Dr. Rod
ger is professor of the Science of Re
ligion of the National University
Union. He is a graduate of Yale and
Union Seminary, New York, and has
also studied in Edinburgh and Leipsic
Universities.
