# Untitled Article
## 
### 
You never know
Never underestimate Car
dinal football.
Sports, page 7

what they learn at school
Field hockey falls to a
team from the northeast.
Sports, page 7


You never know
Never underestimate Car
dinal football.
Sports, page 7

what they learn at school
Field hockey falls to a
team from the northeast.
Sports, page 7


You never know
Never underestimate Car
dinal football.
Sports, page 7

what they learn at school
Field hockey falls to a
team from the northeast.
Sports, page 7


You never know
Never underestimate Car
dinal football.
Sports, page 7

what they learn at school
Field hockey falls to a
team from the northeast.
Sports, page 7


You never know
Never underestimate Car
dinal football.
Sports, page 7

what they learn at school
Field hockey falls to a
team from the northeast.
Sports, page 7


