# Placement Service
## 
### 
Sign-up sheets may he obtained
today at the Placement Service for
the Soul. h e r n Pacific Company.
There are opportunities for engi
neers in the Technical Student
Training Program.
Sign-up sheets may he obtained
today at the Placement Service for
the Soul. h e r n Pacific Company.
There are opportunities for engi
neers in the Technical Student
Training Program.
Sign-up sheets may he obtained
today at the Placement Service for
the Soul. h e r n Pacific Company.
There are opportunities for engi
neers in the Technical Student
Training Program.
Sign-up sheets may he obtained
today at the Placement Service for
the Soul. h e r n Pacific Company.
There are opportunities for engi
neers in the Technical Student
Training Program.
Sign-up sheets may he obtained
today at the Placement Service for
the Soul. h e r n Pacific Company.
There are opportunities for engi
neers in the Technical Student
Training Program.
Sign-up sheets may he obtained
today at the Placement Service for
the Soul. h e r n Pacific Company.
There are opportunities for engi
neers in the Technical Student
Training Program.
Sign-up sheets may he obtained
today at the Placement Service for
the Soul. h e r n Pacific Company.
There are opportunities for engi
neers in the Technical Student
Training Program.
Sign-up sheets may he obtained
today at the Placement Service for
the Soul. h e r n Pacific Company.
There are opportunities for engi
neers in the Technical Student
Training Program.
Sign-up sheets may he obtained
today at the Placement Service for
the Soul. h e r n Pacific Company.
There are opportunities for engi
neers in the Technical Student
Training Program.
Sign-up sheets may he obtained
today at the Placement Service for
the Soul. h e r n Pacific Company.
There are opportunities for engi
neers in the Technical Student
Training Program.
Sign-up sheets may he obtained
today at the Placement Service for
the Soul. h e r n Pacific Company.
There are opportunities for engi
neers in the Technical Student
Training Program.
Sign-up sheets may he obtained
today at the Placement Service for
the Soul. h e r n Pacific Company.
There are opportunities for engi
neers in the Technical Student
Training Program.
Sign-up sheets may he obtained
today at the Placement Service for
the Soul. h e r n Pacific Company.
There are opportunities for engi
neers in the Technical Student
Training Program.
Sign-up sheets may he obtained
today at the Placement Service for
the Soul. h e r n Pacific Company.
There are opportunities for engi
neers in the Technical Student
Training Program.
Sign-up sheets may he obtained
today at the Placement Service for
the Soul. h e r n Pacific Company.
There are opportunities for engi
neers in the Technical Student
Training Program.
