# Luncheon Speaker
## 
### 
Joseph F. Daly, chief of the Sta
tistical Methods Section in the Bu
reau of the Census rand currently a
visiting professor at Stanford, was
the luncheon speaker at the recent
fourth annual conference of the San
Francisco chapter oi' the Systems
and Procedures Association of
America, Daly spoke on "Recent
Developments in Census Bureau
Date Processing."
Joseph F. Daly, chief of the Sta
tistical Methods Section in the Bu
reau of the Census rand currently a
visiting professor at Stanford, was
the luncheon speaker at the recent
fourth annual conference of the San
Francisco chapter oi' the Systems
and Procedures Association of
America, Daly spoke on "Recent
Developments in Census Bureau
Date Processing."
Joseph F. Daly, chief of the Sta
tistical Methods Section in the Bu
reau of the Census rand currently a
visiting professor at Stanford, was
the luncheon speaker at the recent
fourth annual conference of the San
Francisco chapter oi' the Systems
and Procedures Association of
America, Daly spoke on "Recent
Developments in Census Bureau
Date Processing."
Joseph F. Daly, chief of the Sta
tistical Methods Section in the Bu
reau of the Census rand currently a
visiting professor at Stanford, was
the luncheon speaker at the recent
fourth annual conference of the San
Francisco chapter oi' the Systems
and Procedures Association of
America, Daly spoke on "Recent
Developments in Census Bureau
Date Processing."
Joseph F. Daly, chief of the Sta
tistical Methods Section in the Bu
reau of the Census rand currently a
visiting professor at Stanford, was
the luncheon speaker at the recent
fourth annual conference of the San
Francisco chapter oi' the Systems
and Procedures Association of
America, Daly spoke on "Recent
Developments in Census Bureau
Date Processing."
Joseph F. Daly, chief of the Sta
tistical Methods Section in the Bu
reau of the Census rand currently a
visiting professor at Stanford, was
the luncheon speaker at the recent
fourth annual conference of the San
Francisco chapter oi' the Systems
and Procedures Association of
America, Daly spoke on "Recent
Developments in Census Bureau
Date Processing."
Joseph F. Daly, chief of the Sta
tistical Methods Section in the Bu
reau of the Census rand currently a
visiting professor at Stanford, was
the luncheon speaker at the recent
fourth annual conference of the San
Francisco chapter oi' the Systems
and Procedures Association of
America, Daly spoke on "Recent
Developments in Census Bureau
Date Processing."
Joseph F. Daly, chief of the Sta
tistical Methods Section in the Bu
reau of the Census rand currently a
visiting professor at Stanford, was
the luncheon speaker at the recent
fourth annual conference of the San
Francisco chapter oi' the Systems
and Procedures Association of
America, Daly spoke on "Recent
Developments in Census Bureau
Date Processing."
Joseph F. Daly, chief of the Sta
tistical Methods Section in the Bu
reau of the Census rand currently a
visiting professor at Stanford, was
the luncheon speaker at the recent
fourth annual conference of the San
Francisco chapter oi' the Systems
and Procedures Association of
America, Daly spoke on "Recent
Developments in Census Bureau
Date Processing."
Joseph F. Daly, chief of the Sta
tistical Methods Section in the Bu
reau of the Census rand currently a
visiting professor at Stanford, was
the luncheon speaker at the recent
fourth annual conference of the San
Francisco chapter oi' the Systems
and Procedures Association of
America, Daly spoke on "Recent
Developments in Census Bureau
Date Processing."
Joseph F. Daly, chief of the Sta
tistical Methods Section in the Bu
reau of the Census rand currently a
visiting professor at Stanford, was
the luncheon speaker at the recent
fourth annual conference of the San
Francisco chapter oi' the Systems
and Procedures Association of
America, Daly spoke on "Recent
Developments in Census Bureau
Date Processing."
Joseph F. Daly, chief of the Sta
tistical Methods Section in the Bu
reau of the Census rand currently a
visiting professor at Stanford, was
the luncheon speaker at the recent
fourth annual conference of the San
Francisco chapter oi' the Systems
and Procedures Association of
America, Daly spoke on "Recent
Developments in Census Bureau
Date Processing."
Joseph F. Daly, chief of the Sta
tistical Methods Section in the Bu
reau of the Census rand currently a
visiting professor at Stanford, was
the luncheon speaker at the recent
fourth annual conference of the San
Francisco chapter oi' the Systems
and Procedures Association of
America, Daly spoke on "Recent
Developments in Census Bureau
Date Processing."
Joseph F. Daly, chief of the Sta
tistical Methods Section in the Bu
reau of the Census rand currently a
visiting professor at Stanford, was
the luncheon speaker at the recent
fourth annual conference of the San
Francisco chapter oi' the Systems
and Procedures Association of
America, Daly spoke on "Recent
Developments in Census Bureau
Date Processing."
Joseph F. Daly, chief of the Sta
tistical Methods Section in the Bu
reau of the Census rand currently a
visiting professor at Stanford, was
the luncheon speaker at the recent
fourth annual conference of the San
Francisco chapter oi' the Systems
and Procedures Association of
America, Daly spoke on "Recent
Developments in Census Bureau
Date Processing."
