# Adv. 11 Page 4
## 
### 
\
■' Im
■ JLJsBi
Mgsz.'iz [j iy
SERVING YOU WELL
Even at Picnics
Prepare the picnic lunch the
evening before and when you are
ready to start out, merely re
move it from the Automatic and
you are assured that when it
comes time to partake of it,
everything will be fresh and
wholesome.
PALO ALTO
FURNITURE CO.
PHONE 12
*
— li
\
■' Im
■ JLJsBi
Mgsz.'iz [j iy
SERVING YOU WELL
Even at Picnics
Prepare the picnic lunch the
evening before and when you are
ready to start out, merely re
move it from the Automatic and
you are assured that when it
comes time to partake of it,
everything will be fresh and
wholesome.
PALO ALTO
FURNITURE CO.
PHONE 12
*
— li
\
■' Im
■ JLJsBi
Mgsz.'iz [j iy
SERVING YOU WELL
Even at Picnics
Prepare the picnic lunch the
evening before and when you are
ready to start out, merely re
move it from the Automatic and
you are assured that when it
comes time to partake of it,
everything will be fresh and
wholesome.
PALO ALTO
FURNITURE CO.
PHONE 12
*
— li
\
■' Im
■ JLJsBi
Mgsz.'iz [j iy
SERVING YOU WELL
Even at Picnics
Prepare the picnic lunch the
evening before and when you are
ready to start out, merely re
move it from the Automatic and
you are assured that when it
comes time to partake of it,
everything will be fresh and
wholesome.
PALO ALTO
FURNITURE CO.
PHONE 12
*
— li
\
■' Im
■ JLJsBi
Mgsz.'iz [j iy
SERVING YOU WELL
Even at Picnics
Prepare the picnic lunch the
evening before and when you are
ready to start out, merely re
move it from the Automatic and
you are assured that when it
comes time to partake of it,
everything will be fresh and
wholesome.
PALO ALTO
FURNITURE CO.
PHONE 12
*
— li
\
■' Im
■ JLJsBi
Mgsz.'iz [j iy
SERVING YOU WELL
Even at Picnics
Prepare the picnic lunch the
evening before and when you are
ready to start out, merely re
move it from the Automatic and
you are assured that when it
comes time to partake of it,
everything will be fresh and
wholesome.
PALO ALTO
FURNITURE CO.
PHONE 12
*
— li
\
■' Im
■ JLJsBi
Mgsz.'iz [j iy
SERVING YOU WELL
Even at Picnics
Prepare the picnic lunch the
evening before and when you are
ready to start out, merely re
move it from the Automatic and
you are assured that when it
comes time to partake of it,
everything will be fresh and
wholesome.
PALO ALTO
FURNITURE CO.
PHONE 12
*
— li
\
■' Im
■ JLJsBi
Mgsz.'iz [j iy
SERVING YOU WELL
Even at Picnics
Prepare the picnic lunch the
evening before and when you are
ready to start out, merely re
move it from the Automatic and
you are assured that when it
comes time to partake of it,
everything will be fresh and
wholesome.
PALO ALTO
FURNITURE CO.
PHONE 12
*
— li
\
■' Im
■ JLJsBi
Mgsz.'iz [j iy
SERVING YOU WELL
Even at Picnics
Prepare the picnic lunch the
evening before and when you are
ready to start out, merely re
move it from the Automatic and
you are assured that when it
comes time to partake of it,
everything will be fresh and
wholesome.
PALO ALTO
FURNITURE CO.
PHONE 12
*
— li
\
■' Im
■ JLJsBi
Mgsz.'iz [j iy
SERVING YOU WELL
Even at Picnics
Prepare the picnic lunch the
evening before and when you are
ready to start out, merely re
move it from the Automatic and
you are assured that when it
comes time to partake of it,
everything will be fresh and
wholesome.
PALO ALTO
FURNITURE CO.
PHONE 12
*
— li
\
■' Im
■ JLJsBi
Mgsz.'iz [j iy
SERVING YOU WELL
Even at Picnics
Prepare the picnic lunch the
evening before and when you are
ready to start out, merely re
move it from the Automatic and
you are assured that when it
comes time to partake of it,
everything will be fresh and
wholesome.
PALO ALTO
FURNITURE CO.
PHONE 12
*
— li
\
■' Im
■ JLJsBi
Mgsz.'iz [j iy
SERVING YOU WELL
Even at Picnics
Prepare the picnic lunch the
evening before and when you are
ready to start out, merely re
move it from the Automatic and
you are assured that when it
comes time to partake of it,
everything will be fresh and
wholesome.
PALO ALTO
FURNITURE CO.
PHONE 12
*
— li
\
■' Im
■ JLJsBi
Mgsz.'iz [j iy
SERVING YOU WELL
Even at Picnics
Prepare the picnic lunch the
evening before and when you are
ready to start out, merely re
move it from the Automatic and
you are assured that when it
comes time to partake of it,
everything will be fresh and
wholesome.
PALO ALTO
FURNITURE CO.
PHONE 12
*
— li
\
■' Im
■ JLJsBi
Mgsz.'iz [j iy
SERVING YOU WELL
Even at Picnics
Prepare the picnic lunch the
evening before and when you are
ready to start out, merely re
move it from the Automatic and
you are assured that when it
comes time to partake of it,
everything will be fresh and
wholesome.
PALO ALTO
FURNITURE CO.
PHONE 12
*
— li
\
■' Im
■ JLJsBi
Mgsz.'iz [j iy
SERVING YOU WELL
Even at Picnics
Prepare the picnic lunch the
evening before and when you are
ready to start out, merely re
move it from the Automatic and
you are assured that when it
comes time to partake of it,
everything will be fresh and
wholesome.
PALO ALTO
FURNITURE CO.
PHONE 12
*
— li
