# Women's Debating Society To Choose Officers Today
## 
### 
Officers for the coming year will be
elected by the Women's Debating So
ciety when it meets today at 12:45
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
This will be the last meeting of the
year.
Officers for the coming year will be
elected by the Women's Debating So
ciety when it meets today at 12:45
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
This will be the last meeting of the
year.
Officers for the coming year will be
elected by the Women's Debating So
ciety when it meets today at 12:45
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
This will be the last meeting of the
year.
Officers for the coming year will be
elected by the Women's Debating So
ciety when it meets today at 12:45
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
This will be the last meeting of the
year.
Officers for the coming year will be
elected by the Women's Debating So
ciety when it meets today at 12:45
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
This will be the last meeting of the
year.
Officers for the coming year will be
elected by the Women's Debating So
ciety when it meets today at 12:45
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
This will be the last meeting of the
year.
Officers for the coming year will be
elected by the Women's Debating So
ciety when it meets today at 12:45
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
This will be the last meeting of the
year.
Officers for the coming year will be
elected by the Women's Debating So
ciety when it meets today at 12:45
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
This will be the last meeting of the
year.
Officers for the coming year will be
elected by the Women's Debating So
ciety when it meets today at 12:45
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
This will be the last meeting of the
year.
Officers for the coming year will be
elected by the Women's Debating So
ciety when it meets today at 12:45
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
This will be the last meeting of the
year.
Officers for the coming year will be
elected by the Women's Debating So
ciety when it meets today at 12:45
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
This will be the last meeting of the
year.
Officers for the coming year will be
elected by the Women's Debating So
ciety when it meets today at 12:45
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
This will be the last meeting of the
year.
Officers for the coming year will be
elected by the Women's Debating So
ciety when it meets today at 12:45
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
This will be the last meeting of the
year.
Officers for the coming year will be
elected by the Women's Debating So
ciety when it meets today at 12:45
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
This will be the last meeting of the
year.
Officers for the coming year will be
elected by the Women's Debating So
ciety when it meets today at 12:45
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
This will be the last meeting of the
year.
