# Anatole France Subject For Guerard Conference
## 
### 
Anatole Finance, noted French nove
list and poet, will be the subject of
the French department's weekly "Con
ference sur la Literature FranQaise"
to be conducted by Professor Albert
Guerard at 4:15 o'clock tomorrow af
ternoon in Room 242, Romanic Lan
guages building.
Anatole Finance, noted French nove
list and poet, will be the subject of
the French department's weekly "Con
ference sur la Literature FranQaise"
to be conducted by Professor Albert
Guerard at 4:15 o'clock tomorrow af
ternoon in Room 242, Romanic Lan
guages building.
Anatole Finance, noted French nove
list and poet, will be the subject of
the French department's weekly "Con
ference sur la Literature FranQaise"
to be conducted by Professor Albert
Guerard at 4:15 o'clock tomorrow af
ternoon in Room 242, Romanic Lan
guages building.
Anatole Finance, noted French nove
list and poet, will be the subject of
the French department's weekly "Con
ference sur la Literature FranQaise"
to be conducted by Professor Albert
Guerard at 4:15 o'clock tomorrow af
ternoon in Room 242, Romanic Lan
guages building.
Anatole Finance, noted French nove
list and poet, will be the subject of
the French department's weekly "Con
ference sur la Literature FranQaise"
to be conducted by Professor Albert
Guerard at 4:15 o'clock tomorrow af
ternoon in Room 242, Romanic Lan
guages building.
Anatole Finance, noted French nove
list and poet, will be the subject of
the French department's weekly "Con
ference sur la Literature FranQaise"
to be conducted by Professor Albert
Guerard at 4:15 o'clock tomorrow af
ternoon in Room 242, Romanic Lan
guages building.
Anatole Finance, noted French nove
list and poet, will be the subject of
the French department's weekly "Con
ference sur la Literature FranQaise"
to be conducted by Professor Albert
Guerard at 4:15 o'clock tomorrow af
ternoon in Room 242, Romanic Lan
guages building.
Anatole Finance, noted French nove
list and poet, will be the subject of
the French department's weekly "Con
ference sur la Literature FranQaise"
to be conducted by Professor Albert
Guerard at 4:15 o'clock tomorrow af
ternoon in Room 242, Romanic Lan
guages building.
Anatole Finance, noted French nove
list and poet, will be the subject of
the French department's weekly "Con
ference sur la Literature FranQaise"
to be conducted by Professor Albert
Guerard at 4:15 o'clock tomorrow af
ternoon in Room 242, Romanic Lan
guages building.
Anatole Finance, noted French nove
list and poet, will be the subject of
the French department's weekly "Con
ference sur la Literature FranQaise"
to be conducted by Professor Albert
Guerard at 4:15 o'clock tomorrow af
ternoon in Room 242, Romanic Lan
guages building.
Anatole Finance, noted French nove
list and poet, will be the subject of
the French department's weekly "Con
ference sur la Literature FranQaise"
to be conducted by Professor Albert
Guerard at 4:15 o'clock tomorrow af
ternoon in Room 242, Romanic Lan
guages building.
Anatole Finance, noted French nove
list and poet, will be the subject of
the French department's weekly "Con
ference sur la Literature FranQaise"
to be conducted by Professor Albert
Guerard at 4:15 o'clock tomorrow af
ternoon in Room 242, Romanic Lan
guages building.
Anatole Finance, noted French nove
list and poet, will be the subject of
the French department's weekly "Con
ference sur la Literature FranQaise"
to be conducted by Professor Albert
Guerard at 4:15 o'clock tomorrow af
ternoon in Room 242, Romanic Lan
guages building.
Anatole Finance, noted French nove
list and poet, will be the subject of
the French department's weekly "Con
ference sur la Literature FranQaise"
to be conducted by Professor Albert
Guerard at 4:15 o'clock tomorrow af
ternoon in Room 242, Romanic Lan
guages building.
Anatole Finance, noted French nove
list and poet, will be the subject of
the French department's weekly "Con
ference sur la Literature FranQaise"
to be conducted by Professor Albert
Guerard at 4:15 o'clock tomorrow af
ternoon in Room 242, Romanic Lan
guages building.
