# CONVALESCENT HOME DRIVE REACHES GOAL CZCLARES DICKENSON
## 
### 
With an increase of more than fifty
per cent over the amount collected
last year, the annual money drive for
the Stanford Convalescent Home has
gone over the top, Charles Dickenson,
chairman of the drive, announced yes
terday. Seventeen hundred and eighty
one dollars has been collected and a
number of pledges are still outstand
ing.
The drive was a success from its
opening for every living group con
tributed its share, some averaging as
high as $2 a person Since the drive
closed on University Labor Day, the
committee has been collecting the
money pledged earlier in the cam
paign.
All outstanding pledges will be col
lected during the remainder of the
quarter and next year. Students who
wish to pay their pledges may mail
their contributions to the Stanford
Convalescent Home.
With an increase of more than fifty
per cent over the amount collected
last year, the annual money drive for
the Stanford Convalescent Home has
gone over the top, Charles Dickenson,
chairman of the drive, announced yes
terday. Seventeen hundred and eighty
one dollars has been collected and a
number of pledges are still outstand
ing.
The drive was a success from its
opening for every living group con
tributed its share, some averaging as
high as $2 a person Since the drive
closed on University Labor Day, the
committee has been collecting the
money pledged earlier in the cam
paign.
All outstanding pledges will be col
lected during the remainder of the
quarter and next year. Students who
wish to pay their pledges may mail
their contributions to the Stanford
Convalescent Home.
With an increase of more than fifty
per cent over the amount collected
last year, the annual money drive for
the Stanford Convalescent Home has
gone over the top, Charles Dickenson,
chairman of the drive, announced yes
terday. Seventeen hundred and eighty
one dollars has been collected and a
number of pledges are still outstand
ing.
The drive was a success from its
opening for every living group con
tributed its share, some averaging as
high as $2 a person Since the drive
closed on University Labor Day, the
committee has been collecting the
money pledged earlier in the cam
paign.
All outstanding pledges will be col
lected during the remainder of the
quarter and next year. Students who
wish to pay their pledges may mail
their contributions to the Stanford
Convalescent Home.
With an increase of more than fifty
per cent over the amount collected
last year, the annual money drive for
the Stanford Convalescent Home has
gone over the top, Charles Dickenson,
chairman of the drive, announced yes
terday. Seventeen hundred and eighty
one dollars has been collected and a
number of pledges are still outstand
ing.
The drive was a success from its
opening for every living group con
tributed its share, some averaging as
high as $2 a person Since the drive
closed on University Labor Day, the
committee has been collecting the
money pledged earlier in the cam
paign.
All outstanding pledges will be col
lected during the remainder of the
quarter and next year. Students who
wish to pay their pledges may mail
their contributions to the Stanford
Convalescent Home.
With an increase of more than fifty
per cent over the amount collected
last year, the annual money drive for
the Stanford Convalescent Home has
gone over the top, Charles Dickenson,
chairman of the drive, announced yes
terday. Seventeen hundred and eighty
one dollars has been collected and a
number of pledges are still outstand
ing.
The drive was a success from its
opening for every living group con
tributed its share, some averaging as
high as $2 a person Since the drive
closed on University Labor Day, the
committee has been collecting the
money pledged earlier in the cam
paign.
All outstanding pledges will be col
lected during the remainder of the
quarter and next year. Students who
wish to pay their pledges may mail
their contributions to the Stanford
Convalescent Home.
With an increase of more than fifty
per cent over the amount collected
last year, the annual money drive for
the Stanford Convalescent Home has
gone over the top, Charles Dickenson,
chairman of the drive, announced yes
terday. Seventeen hundred and eighty
one dollars has been collected and a
number of pledges are still outstand
ing.
The drive was a success from its
opening for every living group con
tributed its share, some averaging as
high as $2 a person Since the drive
closed on University Labor Day, the
committee has been collecting the
money pledged earlier in the cam
paign.
All outstanding pledges will be col
lected during the remainder of the
quarter and next year. Students who
wish to pay their pledges may mail
their contributions to the Stanford
Convalescent Home.
With an increase of more than fifty
per cent over the amount collected
last year, the annual money drive for
the Stanford Convalescent Home has
gone over the top, Charles Dickenson,
chairman of the drive, announced yes
terday. Seventeen hundred and eighty
one dollars has been collected and a
number of pledges are still outstand
ing.
The drive was a success from its
opening for every living group con
tributed its share, some averaging as
high as $2 a person Since the drive
closed on University Labor Day, the
committee has been collecting the
money pledged earlier in the cam
paign.
All outstanding pledges will be col
lected during the remainder of the
quarter and next year. Students who
wish to pay their pledges may mail
their contributions to the Stanford
Convalescent Home.
With an increase of more than fifty
per cent over the amount collected
last year, the annual money drive for
the Stanford Convalescent Home has
gone over the top, Charles Dickenson,
chairman of the drive, announced yes
terday. Seventeen hundred and eighty
one dollars has been collected and a
number of pledges are still outstand
ing.
The drive was a success from its
opening for every living group con
tributed its share, some averaging as
high as $2 a person Since the drive
closed on University Labor Day, the
committee has been collecting the
money pledged earlier in the cam
paign.
All outstanding pledges will be col
lected during the remainder of the
quarter and next year. Students who
wish to pay their pledges may mail
their contributions to the Stanford
Convalescent Home.
With an increase of more than fifty
per cent over the amount collected
last year, the annual money drive for
the Stanford Convalescent Home has
gone over the top, Charles Dickenson,
chairman of the drive, announced yes
terday. Seventeen hundred and eighty
one dollars has been collected and a
number of pledges are still outstand
ing.
The drive was a success from its
opening for every living group con
tributed its share, some averaging as
high as $2 a person Since the drive
closed on University Labor Day, the
committee has been collecting the
money pledged earlier in the cam
paign.
All outstanding pledges will be col
lected during the remainder of the
quarter and next year. Students who
wish to pay their pledges may mail
their contributions to the Stanford
Convalescent Home.
With an increase of more than fifty
per cent over the amount collected
last year, the annual money drive for
the Stanford Convalescent Home has
gone over the top, Charles Dickenson,
chairman of the drive, announced yes
terday. Seventeen hundred and eighty
one dollars has been collected and a
number of pledges are still outstand
ing.
The drive was a success from its
opening for every living group con
tributed its share, some averaging as
high as $2 a person Since the drive
closed on University Labor Day, the
committee has been collecting the
money pledged earlier in the cam
paign.
All outstanding pledges will be col
lected during the remainder of the
quarter and next year. Students who
wish to pay their pledges may mail
their contributions to the Stanford
Convalescent Home.
With an increase of more than fifty
per cent over the amount collected
last year, the annual money drive for
the Stanford Convalescent Home has
gone over the top, Charles Dickenson,
chairman of the drive, announced yes
terday. Seventeen hundred and eighty
one dollars has been collected and a
number of pledges are still outstand
ing.
The drive was a success from its
opening for every living group con
tributed its share, some averaging as
high as $2 a person Since the drive
closed on University Labor Day, the
committee has been collecting the
money pledged earlier in the cam
paign.
All outstanding pledges will be col
lected during the remainder of the
quarter and next year. Students who
wish to pay their pledges may mail
their contributions to the Stanford
Convalescent Home.
With an increase of more than fifty
per cent over the amount collected
last year, the annual money drive for
the Stanford Convalescent Home has
gone over the top, Charles Dickenson,
chairman of the drive, announced yes
terday. Seventeen hundred and eighty
one dollars has been collected and a
number of pledges are still outstand
ing.
The drive was a success from its
opening for every living group con
tributed its share, some averaging as
high as $2 a person Since the drive
closed on University Labor Day, the
committee has been collecting the
money pledged earlier in the cam
paign.
All outstanding pledges will be col
lected during the remainder of the
quarter and next year. Students who
wish to pay their pledges may mail
their contributions to the Stanford
Convalescent Home.
With an increase of more than fifty
per cent over the amount collected
last year, the annual money drive for
the Stanford Convalescent Home has
gone over the top, Charles Dickenson,
chairman of the drive, announced yes
terday. Seventeen hundred and eighty
one dollars has been collected and a
number of pledges are still outstand
ing.
The drive was a success from its
opening for every living group con
tributed its share, some averaging as
high as $2 a person Since the drive
closed on University Labor Day, the
committee has been collecting the
money pledged earlier in the cam
paign.
All outstanding pledges will be col
lected during the remainder of the
quarter and next year. Students who
wish to pay their pledges may mail
their contributions to the Stanford
Convalescent Home.
With an increase of more than fifty
per cent over the amount collected
last year, the annual money drive for
the Stanford Convalescent Home has
gone over the top, Charles Dickenson,
chairman of the drive, announced yes
terday. Seventeen hundred and eighty
one dollars has been collected and a
number of pledges are still outstand
ing.
The drive was a success from its
opening for every living group con
tributed its share, some averaging as
high as $2 a person Since the drive
closed on University Labor Day, the
committee has been collecting the
money pledged earlier in the cam
paign.
All outstanding pledges will be col
lected during the remainder of the
quarter and next year. Students who
wish to pay their pledges may mail
their contributions to the Stanford
Convalescent Home.
With an increase of more than fifty
per cent over the amount collected
last year, the annual money drive for
the Stanford Convalescent Home has
gone over the top, Charles Dickenson,
chairman of the drive, announced yes
terday. Seventeen hundred and eighty
one dollars has been collected and a
number of pledges are still outstand
ing.
The drive was a success from its
opening for every living group con
tributed its share, some averaging as
high as $2 a person Since the drive
closed on University Labor Day, the
committee has been collecting the
money pledged earlier in the cam
paign.
All outstanding pledges will be col
lected during the remainder of the
quarter and next year. Students who
wish to pay their pledges may mail
their contributions to the Stanford
Convalescent Home.
