# Memorial Day Excursion.
## 
### 
The local agent of the Southern I
Pacific Company has been trying fori
some time to peifect arrangements for
an excursion on University Memorial j
Day. It is now probable that the'
company will run excursion trains on
that day regardless of the number
pledged to attend. Trains will ftart
early and return late, leaving time to
visit the Hotel Del Monte, the beach,
Old Monterey, and to take the famous
seventeen mile drive. The train will
include a baggage ear for the bicycles,
luncheons, baby-carriages, and general
impediments which help to render such
an affair an occasion for everyone
Irotn the festive freshman to the staid
major professor.
The local agent of the Southern I
Pacific Company has been trying fori
some time to peifect arrangements for
an excursion on University Memorial j
Day. It is now probable that the'
company will run excursion trains on
that day regardless of the number
pledged to attend. Trains will ftart
early and return late, leaving time to
visit the Hotel Del Monte, the beach,
Old Monterey, and to take the famous
seventeen mile drive. The train will
include a baggage ear for the bicycles,
luncheons, baby-carriages, and general
impediments which help to render such
an affair an occasion for everyone
Irotn the festive freshman to the staid
major professor.
The local agent of the Southern I
Pacific Company has been trying fori
some time to peifect arrangements for
an excursion on University Memorial j
Day. It is now probable that the'
company will run excursion trains on
that day regardless of the number
pledged to attend. Trains will ftart
early and return late, leaving time to
visit the Hotel Del Monte, the beach,
Old Monterey, and to take the famous
seventeen mile drive. The train will
include a baggage ear for the bicycles,
luncheons, baby-carriages, and general
impediments which help to render such
an affair an occasion for everyone
Irotn the festive freshman to the staid
major professor.
The local agent of the Southern I
Pacific Company has been trying fori
some time to peifect arrangements for
an excursion on University Memorial j
Day. It is now probable that the'
company will run excursion trains on
that day regardless of the number
pledged to attend. Trains will ftart
early and return late, leaving time to
visit the Hotel Del Monte, the beach,
Old Monterey, and to take the famous
seventeen mile drive. The train will
include a baggage ear for the bicycles,
luncheons, baby-carriages, and general
impediments which help to render such
an affair an occasion for everyone
Irotn the festive freshman to the staid
major professor.
