# Untitled Article
## 
### 
While Columbia and Pennsyl
vania are calling for money to build
new donatories, while men arc draw
ing lots a year ahead for places in
the Harvard college buildings, the
lodgers in our own men's dormitory
are leaving so steadily that a few
mouths more of proportional de
drease might almost warrant the
closing of the hall. It is hardly pos
sible undi r the present system to
trace the source of any mismanage
ment in the affairs of Encina. He
sponsibility is bo divided between
the steward, the custodian, and the
student committee that it is impos
sible to tell where the blame for the

matter rests; lmt there must be some
thing wrong when a co-operative in
stitution cannot compete with busi
ness enterprises managed solely with
a view to profit. In spite of the ad
vantage Encina offers in situation
and in the size and convenience of
the rooms, there has been a regular
decrease even mouth since the be
ginning of the year.
While Columbia and Pennsyl
vania are calling for money to build
new donatories, while men arc draw
ing lots a year ahead for places in
the Harvard college buildings, the
lodgers in our own men's dormitory
are leaving so steadily that a few
mouths more of proportional de
drease might almost warrant the
closing of the hall. It is hardly pos
sible undi r the present system to
trace the source of any mismanage
ment in the affairs of Encina. He
sponsibility is bo divided between
the steward, the custodian, and the
student committee that it is impos
sible to tell where the blame for the

matter rests; lmt there must be some
thing wrong when a co-operative in
stitution cannot compete with busi
ness enterprises managed solely with
a view to profit. In spite of the ad
vantage Encina offers in situation
and in the size and convenience of
the rooms, there has been a regular
decrease even mouth since the be
ginning of the year.
While Columbia and Pennsyl
vania are calling for money to build
new donatories, while men arc draw
ing lots a year ahead for places in
the Harvard college buildings, the
lodgers in our own men's dormitory
are leaving so steadily that a few
mouths more of proportional de
drease might almost warrant the
closing of the hall. It is hardly pos
sible undi r the present system to
trace the source of any mismanage
ment in the affairs of Encina. He
sponsibility is bo divided between
the steward, the custodian, and the
student committee that it is impos
sible to tell where the blame for the

matter rests; lmt there must be some
thing wrong when a co-operative in
stitution cannot compete with busi
ness enterprises managed solely with
a view to profit. In spite of the ad
vantage Encina offers in situation
and in the size and convenience of
the rooms, there has been a regular
decrease even mouth since the be
ginning of the year.
While Columbia and Pennsyl
vania are calling for money to build
new donatories, while men arc draw
ing lots a year ahead for places in
the Harvard college buildings, the
lodgers in our own men's dormitory
are leaving so steadily that a few
mouths more of proportional de
drease might almost warrant the
closing of the hall. It is hardly pos
sible undi r the present system to
trace the source of any mismanage
ment in the affairs of Encina. He
sponsibility is bo divided between
the steward, the custodian, and the
student committee that it is impos
sible to tell where the blame for the

matter rests; lmt there must be some
thing wrong when a co-operative in
stitution cannot compete with busi
ness enterprises managed solely with
a view to profit. In spite of the ad
vantage Encina offers in situation
and in the size and convenience of
the rooms, there has been a regular
decrease even mouth since the be
ginning of the year.
