# Adv. 21 Page 7
## 
### 
Dr. Kim's Dental Office in Palo
Alto: Examinations + Cleaning
Only $49 For appt: 650-326-0118
http://www.drkim.vpweb.com
Make up to $20/ hour! The GSB
Behavioral Lab is looking for
participants for online and
in-person studies. Register;
http://sgsb.sona-systems.com
Participants Needed 18-25 y/o
women. Concerned about body
image? Going thru breakup?
Trouble w roommates? Can't
focus? Stanford resrehers study
ing benefits of coping skills
program. Call 723-8193 or
vickiec@stanford.edu. Questions
about research? Call toll free:
1-866-680-2906.
All academics, flexible p/t
$25-35/ hr, by Stanford-call Jean
Day 9414350 eve/wkend 493-5512.
Tutor of English as a Second
Language offers 1 -to-1 lessons.
815-9715; hopkinsonj@care2.com
Woodside High afterschool tutors
needed, TTh 4-6 hrs@ approx.
$1 OQwk Cortactwhstut)trg@iwe.com
WANTED TUTOR, Geometry $30/ hr
for son, 13. Call 650-856-7473
Classies Work!
Dr. Kim's Dental Office in Palo
Alto: Examinations + Cleaning
Only $49 For appt: 650-326-0118
http://www.drkim.vpweb.com
Make up to $20/ hour! The GSB
Behavioral Lab is looking for
participants for online and
in-person studies. Register;
http://sgsb.sona-systems.com
Participants Needed 18-25 y/o
women. Concerned about body
image? Going thru breakup?
Trouble w roommates? Can't
focus? Stanford resrehers study
ing benefits of coping skills
program. Call 723-8193 or
vickiec@stanford.edu. Questions
about research? Call toll free:
1-866-680-2906.
All academics, flexible p/t
$25-35/ hr, by Stanford-call Jean
Day 9414350 eve/wkend 493-5512.
Tutor of English as a Second
Language offers 1 -to-1 lessons.
815-9715; hopkinsonj@care2.com
Woodside High afterschool tutors
needed, TTh 4-6 hrs@ approx.
$1 OQwk Cortactwhstut)trg@iwe.com
WANTED TUTOR, Geometry $30/ hr
for son, 13. Call 650-856-7473
Classies Work!
Dr. Kim's Dental Office in Palo
Alto: Examinations + Cleaning
Only $49 For appt: 650-326-0118
http://www.drkim.vpweb.com
Make up to $20/ hour! The GSB
Behavioral Lab is looking for
participants for online and
in-person studies. Register;
http://sgsb.sona-systems.com
Participants Needed 18-25 y/o
women. Concerned about body
image? Going thru breakup?
Trouble w roommates? Can't
focus? Stanford resrehers study
ing benefits of coping skills
program. Call 723-8193 or
vickiec@stanford.edu. Questions
about research? Call toll free:
1-866-680-2906.
All academics, flexible p/t
$25-35/ hr, by Stanford-call Jean
Day 9414350 eve/wkend 493-5512.
Tutor of English as a Second
Language offers 1 -to-1 lessons.
815-9715; hopkinsonj@care2.com
Woodside High afterschool tutors
needed, TTh 4-6 hrs@ approx.
$1 OQwk Cortactwhstut)trg@iwe.com
WANTED TUTOR, Geometry $30/ hr
for son, 13. Call 650-856-7473
Classies Work!
Dr. Kim's Dental Office in Palo
Alto: Examinations + Cleaning
Only $49 For appt: 650-326-0118
http://www.drkim.vpweb.com
Make up to $20/ hour! The GSB
Behavioral Lab is looking for
participants for online and
in-person studies. Register;
http://sgsb.sona-systems.com
Participants Needed 18-25 y/o
women. Concerned about body
image? Going thru breakup?
Trouble w roommates? Can't
focus? Stanford resrehers study
ing benefits of coping skills
program. Call 723-8193 or
vickiec@stanford.edu. Questions
about research? Call toll free:
1-866-680-2906.
All academics, flexible p/t
$25-35/ hr, by Stanford-call Jean
Day 9414350 eve/wkend 493-5512.
Tutor of English as a Second
Language offers 1 -to-1 lessons.
815-9715; hopkinsonj@care2.com
Woodside High afterschool tutors
needed, TTh 4-6 hrs@ approx.
$1 OQwk Cortactwhstut)trg@iwe.com
WANTED TUTOR, Geometry $30/ hr
for son, 13. Call 650-856-7473
Classies Work!
Dr. Kim's Dental Office in Palo
Alto: Examinations + Cleaning
Only $49 For appt: 650-326-0118
http://www.drkim.vpweb.com
Make up to $20/ hour! The GSB
Behavioral Lab is looking for
participants for online and
in-person studies. Register;
http://sgsb.sona-systems.com
Participants Needed 18-25 y/o
women. Concerned about body
image? Going thru breakup?
Trouble w roommates? Can't
focus? Stanford resrehers study
ing benefits of coping skills
program. Call 723-8193 or
vickiec@stanford.edu. Questions
about research? Call toll free:
1-866-680-2906.
All academics, flexible p/t
$25-35/ hr, by Stanford-call Jean
Day 9414350 eve/wkend 493-5512.
Tutor of English as a Second
Language offers 1 -to-1 lessons.
815-9715; hopkinsonj@care2.com
Woodside High afterschool tutors
needed, TTh 4-6 hrs@ approx.
$1 OQwk Cortactwhstut)trg@iwe.com
WANTED TUTOR, Geometry $30/ hr
for son, 13. Call 650-856-7473
Classies Work!
Dr. Kim's Dental Office in Palo
Alto: Examinations + Cleaning
Only $49 For appt: 650-326-0118
http://www.drkim.vpweb.com
Make up to $20/ hour! The GSB
Behavioral Lab is looking for
participants for online and
in-person studies. Register;
http://sgsb.sona-systems.com
Participants Needed 18-25 y/o
women. Concerned about body
image? Going thru breakup?
Trouble w roommates? Can't
focus? Stanford resrehers study
ing benefits of coping skills
program. Call 723-8193 or
vickiec@stanford.edu. Questions
about research? Call toll free:
1-866-680-2906.
All academics, flexible p/t
$25-35/ hr, by Stanford-call Jean
Day 9414350 eve/wkend 493-5512.
Tutor of English as a Second
Language offers 1 -to-1 lessons.
815-9715; hopkinsonj@care2.com
Woodside High afterschool tutors
needed, TTh 4-6 hrs@ approx.
$1 OQwk Cortactwhstut)trg@iwe.com
WANTED TUTOR, Geometry $30/ hr
for son, 13. Call 650-856-7473
Classies Work!
