# Adv. 16 Page 7
## 
### 
'We would love you to be part of
our miracle." We are a loving,
caring, Jewish couple who are
accomplished, secure and happy.
It would mean the world to us to
share our love with a child and
make our lives truly complete.
We appreciate intelligence,
education and learning. It would
be our pleasure to assist with
'We would love you to be part of
our miracle." We are a loving,
caring, Jewish couple who are
accomplished, secure and happy.
It would mean the world to us to
share our love with a child and
make our lives truly complete.
We appreciate intelligence,
education and learning. It would
be our pleasure to assist with
'We would love you to be part of
our miracle." We are a loving,
caring, Jewish couple who are
accomplished, secure and happy.
It would mean the world to us to
share our love with a child and
make our lives truly complete.
We appreciate intelligence,
education and learning. It would
be our pleasure to assist with
'We would love you to be part of
our miracle." We are a loving,
caring, Jewish couple who are
accomplished, secure and happy.
It would mean the world to us to
share our love with a child and
make our lives truly complete.
We appreciate intelligence,
education and learning. It would
be our pleasure to assist with
'We would love you to be part of
our miracle." We are a loving,
caring, Jewish couple who are
accomplished, secure and happy.
It would mean the world to us to
share our love with a child and
make our lives truly complete.
We appreciate intelligence,
education and learning. It would
be our pleasure to assist with
'We would love you to be part of
our miracle." We are a loving,
caring, Jewish couple who are
accomplished, secure and happy.
It would mean the world to us to
share our love with a child and
make our lives truly complete.
We appreciate intelligence,
education and learning. It would
be our pleasure to assist with
