# EVOLUTION IS DISCUSSED BY DR. JORDAN AT ENCINA
## 
### 
"The grand strategy of evolution is
man's advance along the path of. life
directed by heredity and confined by en
vironment," was Dr. Jordan's explanation
of "Evolution" before the members of
the Encina Club, last night.
Heredity is all-important but. variation
is the outstanding fact. Nothing—plant
or animal —is exactly like any other of
the same species.
Dr. Jordan spoke of the properties of
protoplasm and the fact that onc-celled
animals were able to reproduce without
death. "But," declared Dr. Jordan, "with
the gathering of tissue, muscle and bone
to form a highly complicated animal,
death is made possible. Man pays for his
power with death.
"No one has ever lost a single of his
ancestors by death in infancy. If such
did occur, it would be an interesting
phenomenon !"
