# JUNIOR WRANGLERS TO TRY OUT THIS EVENING
## 
### 
Tryouts for Junior Wranglers will be
held Monday evening at 7:30 in Roble
hall, Tryoutees will be required to give
five-minute extemeraneous speeches upon
topics assigned at the meeting. Several
new members will be taken into the club.
The subject for open discussion will be
"Public versus Private Education." All
freshman women interested in debate arc
urged to come to the tryouts.
Tryouts for Junior Wranglers will be
held Monday evening at 7:30 in Roble
hall, Tryoutees will be required to give
five-minute extemeraneous speeches upon
topics assigned at the meeting. Several
new members will be taken into the club.
The subject for open discussion will be
"Public versus Private Education." All
freshman women interested in debate arc
urged to come to the tryouts.
Tryouts for Junior Wranglers will be
held Monday evening at 7:30 in Roble
hall, Tryoutees will be required to give
five-minute extemeraneous speeches upon
topics assigned at the meeting. Several
new members will be taken into the club.
The subject for open discussion will be
"Public versus Private Education." All
freshman women interested in debate arc
urged to come to the tryouts.
Tryouts for Junior Wranglers will be
held Monday evening at 7:30 in Roble
hall, Tryoutees will be required to give
five-minute extemeraneous speeches upon
topics assigned at the meeting. Several
new members will be taken into the club.
The subject for open discussion will be
"Public versus Private Education." All
freshman women interested in debate arc
urged to come to the tryouts.
Tryouts for Junior Wranglers will be
held Monday evening at 7:30 in Roble
hall, Tryoutees will be required to give
five-minute extemeraneous speeches upon
topics assigned at the meeting. Several
new members will be taken into the club.
The subject for open discussion will be
"Public versus Private Education." All
freshman women interested in debate arc
urged to come to the tryouts.
Tryouts for Junior Wranglers will be
held Monday evening at 7:30 in Roble
hall, Tryoutees will be required to give
five-minute extemeraneous speeches upon
topics assigned at the meeting. Several
new members will be taken into the club.
The subject for open discussion will be
"Public versus Private Education." All
freshman women interested in debate arc
urged to come to the tryouts.
Tryouts for Junior Wranglers will be
held Monday evening at 7:30 in Roble
hall, Tryoutees will be required to give
five-minute extemeraneous speeches upon
topics assigned at the meeting. Several
new members will be taken into the club.
The subject for open discussion will be
"Public versus Private Education." All
freshman women interested in debate arc
urged to come to the tryouts.
Tryouts for Junior Wranglers will be
held Monday evening at 7:30 in Roble
hall, Tryoutees will be required to give
five-minute extemeraneous speeches upon
topics assigned at the meeting. Several
new members will be taken into the club.
The subject for open discussion will be
"Public versus Private Education." All
freshman women interested in debate arc
urged to come to the tryouts.
Tryouts for Junior Wranglers will be
held Monday evening at 7:30 in Roble
hall, Tryoutees will be required to give
five-minute extemeraneous speeches upon
topics assigned at the meeting. Several
new members will be taken into the club.
The subject for open discussion will be
"Public versus Private Education." All
freshman women interested in debate arc
urged to come to the tryouts.
Tryouts for Junior Wranglers will be
held Monday evening at 7:30 in Roble
hall, Tryoutees will be required to give
five-minute extemeraneous speeches upon
topics assigned at the meeting. Several
new members will be taken into the club.
The subject for open discussion will be
"Public versus Private Education." All
freshman women interested in debate arc
urged to come to the tryouts.
Tryouts for Junior Wranglers will be
held Monday evening at 7:30 in Roble
hall, Tryoutees will be required to give
five-minute extemeraneous speeches upon
topics assigned at the meeting. Several
new members will be taken into the club.
The subject for open discussion will be
"Public versus Private Education." All
freshman women interested in debate arc
urged to come to the tryouts.
Tryouts for Junior Wranglers will be
held Monday evening at 7:30 in Roble
hall, Tryoutees will be required to give
five-minute extemeraneous speeches upon
topics assigned at the meeting. Several
new members will be taken into the club.
The subject for open discussion will be
"Public versus Private Education." All
freshman women interested in debate arc
urged to come to the tryouts.
Tryouts for Junior Wranglers will be
held Monday evening at 7:30 in Roble
hall, Tryoutees will be required to give
five-minute extemeraneous speeches upon
topics assigned at the meeting. Several
new members will be taken into the club.
The subject for open discussion will be
"Public versus Private Education." All
freshman women interested in debate arc
urged to come to the tryouts.
Tryouts for Junior Wranglers will be
held Monday evening at 7:30 in Roble
hall, Tryoutees will be required to give
five-minute extemeraneous speeches upon
topics assigned at the meeting. Several
new members will be taken into the club.
The subject for open discussion will be
"Public versus Private Education." All
freshman women interested in debate arc
urged to come to the tryouts.
Tryouts for Junior Wranglers will be
held Monday evening at 7:30 in Roble
hall, Tryoutees will be required to give
five-minute extemeraneous speeches upon
topics assigned at the meeting. Several
new members will be taken into the club.
The subject for open discussion will be
"Public versus Private Education." All
freshman women interested in debate arc
urged to come to the tryouts.
