# YWCA
## 
### 
Newly elected officers of Ihe
YWCA are: Marsha Shields,
president; Marcia Brooks, vice
president; Liz Johnston, secre
tary; Coleen Neff, treasurer; Car
ol Mcßae, national representa
tive.
Newly elected officers of Ihe
YWCA are: Marsha Shields,
president; Marcia Brooks, vice
president; Liz Johnston, secre
tary; Coleen Neff, treasurer; Car
ol Mcßae, national representa
tive.
Newly elected officers of Ihe
YWCA are: Marsha Shields,
president; Marcia Brooks, vice
president; Liz Johnston, secre
tary; Coleen Neff, treasurer; Car
ol Mcßae, national representa
tive.
Newly elected officers of Ihe
YWCA are: Marsha Shields,
president; Marcia Brooks, vice
president; Liz Johnston, secre
tary; Coleen Neff, treasurer; Car
ol Mcßae, national representa
tive.
Newly elected officers of Ihe
YWCA are: Marsha Shields,
president; Marcia Brooks, vice
president; Liz Johnston, secre
tary; Coleen Neff, treasurer; Car
ol Mcßae, national representa
tive.
Newly elected officers of Ihe
YWCA are: Marsha Shields,
president; Marcia Brooks, vice
president; Liz Johnston, secre
tary; Coleen Neff, treasurer; Car
ol Mcßae, national representa
tive.
Newly elected officers of Ihe
YWCA are: Marsha Shields,
president; Marcia Brooks, vice
president; Liz Johnston, secre
tary; Coleen Neff, treasurer; Car
ol Mcßae, national representa
tive.
Newly elected officers of Ihe
YWCA are: Marsha Shields,
president; Marcia Brooks, vice
president; Liz Johnston, secre
tary; Coleen Neff, treasurer; Car
ol Mcßae, national representa
tive.
Newly elected officers of Ihe
YWCA are: Marsha Shields,
president; Marcia Brooks, vice
president; Liz Johnston, secre
tary; Coleen Neff, treasurer; Car
ol Mcßae, national representa
tive.
Newly elected officers of Ihe
YWCA are: Marsha Shields,
president; Marcia Brooks, vice
president; Liz Johnston, secre
tary; Coleen Neff, treasurer; Car
ol Mcßae, national representa
tive.
Newly elected officers of Ihe
YWCA are: Marsha Shields,
president; Marcia Brooks, vice
president; Liz Johnston, secre
tary; Coleen Neff, treasurer; Car
ol Mcßae, national representa
tive.
Newly elected officers of Ihe
YWCA are: Marsha Shields,
president; Marcia Brooks, vice
president; Liz Johnston, secre
tary; Coleen Neff, treasurer; Car
ol Mcßae, national representa
tive.
Newly elected officers of Ihe
YWCA are: Marsha Shields,
president; Marcia Brooks, vice
president; Liz Johnston, secre
tary; Coleen Neff, treasurer; Car
ol Mcßae, national representa
tive.
Newly elected officers of Ihe
YWCA are: Marsha Shields,
president; Marcia Brooks, vice
president; Liz Johnston, secre
tary; Coleen Neff, treasurer; Car
ol Mcßae, national representa
tive.
Newly elected officers of Ihe
YWCA are: Marsha Shields,
president; Marcia Brooks, vice
president; Liz Johnston, secre
tary; Coleen Neff, treasurer; Car
ol Mcßae, national representa
tive.
Newly elected officers of Ihe
YWCA are: Marsha Shields,
president; Marcia Brooks, vice
president; Liz Johnston, secre
tary; Coleen Neff, treasurer; Car
ol Mcßae, national representa
tive.
Newly elected officers of Ihe
YWCA are: Marsha Shields,
president; Marcia Brooks, vice
president; Liz Johnston, secre
tary; Coleen Neff, treasurer; Car
ol Mcßae, national representa
tive.
