# AFROTC Awarded 2nd Place in Drill
## 
### 
The Stanford Air Force ROTC
drill team, led by Cadet Captain
John R. Viegas, placed second in
annual competition last Friday.
The University of California's
drill team placed first and San
Jose State third. Other schools
participating in the Berkeley
competition were San Francisco
State College and Fresno State
College.
Future plans for the drill team
include participation in the Me
morial Day ceremonies at Stan
ford.
The Stanford Air Force ROTC
drill team, led by Cadet Captain
John R. Viegas, placed second in
annual competition last Friday.
The University of California's
drill team placed first and San
Jose State third. Other schools
participating in the Berkeley
competition were San Francisco
State College and Fresno State
College.
Future plans for the drill team
include participation in the Me
morial Day ceremonies at Stan
ford.
The Stanford Air Force ROTC
drill team, led by Cadet Captain
John R. Viegas, placed second in
annual competition last Friday.
The University of California's
drill team placed first and San
Jose State third. Other schools
participating in the Berkeley
competition were San Francisco
State College and Fresno State
College.
Future plans for the drill team
include participation in the Me
morial Day ceremonies at Stan
ford.
The Stanford Air Force ROTC
drill team, led by Cadet Captain
John R. Viegas, placed second in
annual competition last Friday.
The University of California's
drill team placed first and San
Jose State third. Other schools
participating in the Berkeley
competition were San Francisco
State College and Fresno State
College.
Future plans for the drill team
include participation in the Me
morial Day ceremonies at Stan
ford.
The Stanford Air Force ROTC
drill team, led by Cadet Captain
John R. Viegas, placed second in
annual competition last Friday.
The University of California's
drill team placed first and San
Jose State third. Other schools
participating in the Berkeley
competition were San Francisco
State College and Fresno State
College.
Future plans for the drill team
include participation in the Me
morial Day ceremonies at Stan
ford.
The Stanford Air Force ROTC
drill team, led by Cadet Captain
John R. Viegas, placed second in
annual competition last Friday.
The University of California's
drill team placed first and San
Jose State third. Other schools
participating in the Berkeley
competition were San Francisco
State College and Fresno State
College.
Future plans for the drill team
include participation in the Me
morial Day ceremonies at Stan
ford.
The Stanford Air Force ROTC
drill team, led by Cadet Captain
John R. Viegas, placed second in
annual competition last Friday.
The University of California's
drill team placed first and San
Jose State third. Other schools
participating in the Berkeley
competition were San Francisco
State College and Fresno State
College.
Future plans for the drill team
include participation in the Me
morial Day ceremonies at Stan
ford.
The Stanford Air Force ROTC
drill team, led by Cadet Captain
John R. Viegas, placed second in
annual competition last Friday.
The University of California's
drill team placed first and San
Jose State third. Other schools
participating in the Berkeley
competition were San Francisco
State College and Fresno State
College.
Future plans for the drill team
include participation in the Me
morial Day ceremonies at Stan
ford.
The Stanford Air Force ROTC
drill team, led by Cadet Captain
John R. Viegas, placed second in
annual competition last Friday.
The University of California's
drill team placed first and San
Jose State third. Other schools
participating in the Berkeley
competition were San Francisco
State College and Fresno State
College.
Future plans for the drill team
include participation in the Me
morial Day ceremonies at Stan
ford.
The Stanford Air Force ROTC
drill team, led by Cadet Captain
John R. Viegas, placed second in
annual competition last Friday.
The University of California's
drill team placed first and San
Jose State third. Other schools
participating in the Berkeley
competition were San Francisco
State College and Fresno State
College.
Future plans for the drill team
include participation in the Me
morial Day ceremonies at Stan
ford.
The Stanford Air Force ROTC
drill team, led by Cadet Captain
John R. Viegas, placed second in
annual competition last Friday.
The University of California's
drill team placed first and San
Jose State third. Other schools
participating in the Berkeley
competition were San Francisco
State College and Fresno State
College.
Future plans for the drill team
include participation in the Me
morial Day ceremonies at Stan
ford.
The Stanford Air Force ROTC
drill team, led by Cadet Captain
John R. Viegas, placed second in
annual competition last Friday.
The University of California's
drill team placed first and San
Jose State third. Other schools
participating in the Berkeley
competition were San Francisco
State College and Fresno State
College.
Future plans for the drill team
include participation in the Me
morial Day ceremonies at Stan
ford.
The Stanford Air Force ROTC
drill team, led by Cadet Captain
John R. Viegas, placed second in
annual competition last Friday.
The University of California's
drill team placed first and San
Jose State third. Other schools
participating in the Berkeley
competition were San Francisco
State College and Fresno State
College.
Future plans for the drill team
include participation in the Me
morial Day ceremonies at Stan
ford.
The Stanford Air Force ROTC
drill team, led by Cadet Captain
John R. Viegas, placed second in
annual competition last Friday.
The University of California's
drill team placed first and San
Jose State third. Other schools
participating in the Berkeley
competition were San Francisco
State College and Fresno State
College.
Future plans for the drill team
include participation in the Me
morial Day ceremonies at Stan
ford.
The Stanford Air Force ROTC
drill team, led by Cadet Captain
John R. Viegas, placed second in
annual competition last Friday.
The University of California's
drill team placed first and San
Jose State third. Other schools
participating in the Berkeley
competition were San Francisco
State College and Fresno State
College.
Future plans for the drill team
include participation in the Me
morial Day ceremonies at Stan
ford.
The Stanford Air Force ROTC
drill team, led by Cadet Captain
John R. Viegas, placed second in
annual competition last Friday.
The University of California's
drill team placed first and San
Jose State third. Other schools
participating in the Berkeley
competition were San Francisco
State College and Fresno State
College.
Future plans for the drill team
include participation in the Me
morial Day ceremonies at Stan
ford.
The Stanford Air Force ROTC
drill team, led by Cadet Captain
John R. Viegas, placed second in
annual competition last Friday.
The University of California's
drill team placed first and San
Jose State third. Other schools
participating in the Berkeley
competition were San Francisco
State College and Fresno State
College.
Future plans for the drill team
include participation in the Me
morial Day ceremonies at Stan
ford.
