# Van Dellen Elected Head Of Monterey Alumni Club
## 
### 
B. L. Van Dellen, district superin
tendent of schools at Salinas and a
Stanford alumnus, was re-elected
president of the Monterey County
Stanford Club at a meeting held at
Asilomar Saturday. Mrs. Henry Jor
genson, '08, was chosen vice-president.
B. L. Van Dellen, district superin
tendent of schools at Salinas and a
Stanford alumnus, was re-elected
president of the Monterey County
Stanford Club at a meeting held at
Asilomar Saturday. Mrs. Henry Jor
genson, '08, was chosen vice-president.
B. L. Van Dellen, district superin
tendent of schools at Salinas and a
Stanford alumnus, was re-elected
president of the Monterey County
Stanford Club at a meeting held at
Asilomar Saturday. Mrs. Henry Jor
genson, '08, was chosen vice-president.
B. L. Van Dellen, district superin
tendent of schools at Salinas and a
Stanford alumnus, was re-elected
president of the Monterey County
Stanford Club at a meeting held at
Asilomar Saturday. Mrs. Henry Jor
genson, '08, was chosen vice-president.
B. L. Van Dellen, district superin
tendent of schools at Salinas and a
Stanford alumnus, was re-elected
president of the Monterey County
Stanford Club at a meeting held at
Asilomar Saturday. Mrs. Henry Jor
genson, '08, was chosen vice-president.
B. L. Van Dellen, district superin
tendent of schools at Salinas and a
Stanford alumnus, was re-elected
president of the Monterey County
Stanford Club at a meeting held at
Asilomar Saturday. Mrs. Henry Jor
genson, '08, was chosen vice-president.
B. L. Van Dellen, district superin
tendent of schools at Salinas and a
Stanford alumnus, was re-elected
president of the Monterey County
Stanford Club at a meeting held at
Asilomar Saturday. Mrs. Henry Jor
genson, '08, was chosen vice-president.
B. L. Van Dellen, district superin
tendent of schools at Salinas and a
Stanford alumnus, was re-elected
president of the Monterey County
Stanford Club at a meeting held at
Asilomar Saturday. Mrs. Henry Jor
genson, '08, was chosen vice-president.
B. L. Van Dellen, district superin
tendent of schools at Salinas and a
Stanford alumnus, was re-elected
president of the Monterey County
Stanford Club at a meeting held at
Asilomar Saturday. Mrs. Henry Jor
genson, '08, was chosen vice-president.
B. L. Van Dellen, district superin
tendent of schools at Salinas and a
Stanford alumnus, was re-elected
president of the Monterey County
Stanford Club at a meeting held at
Asilomar Saturday. Mrs. Henry Jor
genson, '08, was chosen vice-president.
B. L. Van Dellen, district superin
tendent of schools at Salinas and a
Stanford alumnus, was re-elected
president of the Monterey County
Stanford Club at a meeting held at
Asilomar Saturday. Mrs. Henry Jor
genson, '08, was chosen vice-president.
B. L. Van Dellen, district superin
tendent of schools at Salinas and a
Stanford alumnus, was re-elected
president of the Monterey County
Stanford Club at a meeting held at
Asilomar Saturday. Mrs. Henry Jor
genson, '08, was chosen vice-president.
B. L. Van Dellen, district superin
tendent of schools at Salinas and a
Stanford alumnus, was re-elected
president of the Monterey County
Stanford Club at a meeting held at
Asilomar Saturday. Mrs. Henry Jor
genson, '08, was chosen vice-president.
B. L. Van Dellen, district superin
tendent of schools at Salinas and a
Stanford alumnus, was re-elected
president of the Monterey County
Stanford Club at a meeting held at
Asilomar Saturday. Mrs. Henry Jor
genson, '08, was chosen vice-president.
B. L. Van Dellen, district superin
tendent of schools at Salinas and a
Stanford alumnus, was re-elected
president of the Monterey County
Stanford Club at a meeting held at
Asilomar Saturday. Mrs. Henry Jor
genson, '08, was chosen vice-president.
B. L. Van Dellen, district superin
tendent of schools at Salinas and a
Stanford alumnus, was re-elected
president of the Monterey County
Stanford Club at a meeting held at
Asilomar Saturday. Mrs. Henry Jor
genson, '08, was chosen vice-president.
B. L. Van Dellen, district superin
tendent of schools at Salinas and a
Stanford alumnus, was re-elected
president of the Monterey County
Stanford Club at a meeting held at
Asilomar Saturday. Mrs. Henry Jor
genson, '08, was chosen vice-president.
