# Untitled Article
## 
### 
H. F. Curran, ex-'Ofi, is manager of
the new Cort Theatre in San Fran
cisco. which will have many of the
more Important plays of the season.
H. F. Curran, ex-'Ofi, is manager of
the new Cort Theatre in San Fran
cisco. which will have many of the
more Important plays of the season.
H. F. Curran, ex-'Ofi, is manager of
the new Cort Theatre in San Fran
cisco. which will have many of the
more Important plays of the season.
H. F. Curran, ex-'Ofi, is manager of
the new Cort Theatre in San Fran
cisco. which will have many of the
more Important plays of the season.
H. F. Curran, ex-'Ofi, is manager of
the new Cort Theatre in San Fran
cisco. which will have many of the
more Important plays of the season.
H. F. Curran, ex-'Ofi, is manager of
the new Cort Theatre in San Fran
cisco. which will have many of the
more Important plays of the season.
H. F. Curran, ex-'Ofi, is manager of
the new Cort Theatre in San Fran
cisco. which will have many of the
more Important plays of the season.
H. F. Curran, ex-'Ofi, is manager of
the new Cort Theatre in San Fran
cisco. which will have many of the
more Important plays of the season.
H. F. Curran, ex-'Ofi, is manager of
the new Cort Theatre in San Fran
cisco. which will have many of the
more Important plays of the season.
H. F. Curran, ex-'Ofi, is manager of
the new Cort Theatre in San Fran
cisco. which will have many of the
more Important plays of the season.
H. F. Curran, ex-'Ofi, is manager of
the new Cort Theatre in San Fran
cisco. which will have many of the
more Important plays of the season.
H. F. Curran, ex-'Ofi, is manager of
the new Cort Theatre in San Fran
cisco. which will have many of the
more Important plays of the season.
