# Opinions
## The 						Daily recommends: 
### 
The following endorsements are based on the
candidate or slate's one-page platform
statement and an interview with the Daily
Editorial Board. The nine members of the
Editorial Board interviewed 31 senate
candidates, two COP and three Senior Class
slates, and students for and against the fee

assessment referendum and constitutional
amendments. Additional hours were passed
reviewing platforms and discussing candidates.
We had an opportunity that ideally every voter
would have; we hope our experience is of some
benefit.
The following endorsements are based on the
candidate or slate's one-page platform
statement and an interview with the Daily
Editorial Board. The nine members of the
Editorial Board interviewed 31 senate
candidates, two COP and three Senior Class
slates, and students for and against the fee

assessment referendum and constitutional
amendments. Additional hours were passed
reviewing platforms and discussing candidates.
We had an opportunity that ideally every voter
would have; we hope our experience is of some
benefit.
The following endorsements are based on the
candidate or slate's one-page platform
statement and an interview with the Daily
Editorial Board. The nine members of the
Editorial Board interviewed 31 senate
candidates, two COP and three Senior Class
slates, and students for and against the fee

assessment referendum and constitutional
amendments. Additional hours were passed
reviewing platforms and discussing candidates.
We had an opportunity that ideally every voter
would have; we hope our experience is of some
benefit.
The following endorsements are based on the
candidate or slate's one-page platform
statement and an interview with the Daily
Editorial Board. The nine members of the
Editorial Board interviewed 31 senate
candidates, two COP and three Senior Class
slates, and students for and against the fee

assessment referendum and constitutional
amendments. Additional hours were passed
reviewing platforms and discussing candidates.
We had an opportunity that ideally every voter
would have; we hope our experience is of some
benefit.
The following endorsements are based on the
candidate or slate's one-page platform
statement and an interview with the Daily
Editorial Board. The nine members of the
Editorial Board interviewed 31 senate
candidates, two COP and three Senior Class
slates, and students for and against the fee

assessment referendum and constitutional
amendments. Additional hours were passed
reviewing platforms and discussing candidates.
We had an opportunity that ideally every voter
would have; we hope our experience is of some
benefit.
The following endorsements are based on the
candidate or slate's one-page platform
statement and an interview with the Daily
Editorial Board. The nine members of the
Editorial Board interviewed 31 senate
candidates, two COP and three Senior Class
slates, and students for and against the fee

assessment referendum and constitutional
amendments. Additional hours were passed
reviewing platforms and discussing candidates.
We had an opportunity that ideally every voter
would have; we hope our experience is of some
benefit.
The following endorsements are based on the
candidate or slate's one-page platform
statement and an interview with the Daily
Editorial Board. The nine members of the
Editorial Board interviewed 31 senate
candidates, two COP and three Senior Class
slates, and students for and against the fee

assessment referendum and constitutional
amendments. Additional hours were passed
reviewing platforms and discussing candidates.
We had an opportunity that ideally every voter
would have; we hope our experience is of some
benefit.
The following endorsements are based on the
candidate or slate's one-page platform
statement and an interview with the Daily
Editorial Board. The nine members of the
Editorial Board interviewed 31 senate
candidates, two COP and three Senior Class
slates, and students for and against the fee

assessment referendum and constitutional
amendments. Additional hours were passed
reviewing platforms and discussing candidates.
We had an opportunity that ideally every voter
would have; we hope our experience is of some
benefit.
The following endorsements are based on the
candidate or slate's one-page platform
statement and an interview with the Daily
Editorial Board. The nine members of the
Editorial Board interviewed 31 senate
candidates, two COP and three Senior Class
slates, and students for and against the fee

assessment referendum and constitutional
amendments. Additional hours were passed
reviewing platforms and discussing candidates.
We had an opportunity that ideally every voter
would have; we hope our experience is of some
benefit.
