# CD Contributions Tax-Deductible
## 
### 
Financial contributions to civil de
fense organizations are deductible
from federal income tax payments,
Maj. Gen. Walter M. Robertson, Cal
ifornia's civil defense director, has
announced.
Financial contributions to civil de
fense organizations are deductible
from federal income tax payments,
Maj. Gen. Walter M. Robertson, Cal
ifornia's civil defense director, has
announced.
Financial contributions to civil de
fense organizations are deductible
from federal income tax payments,
Maj. Gen. Walter M. Robertson, Cal
ifornia's civil defense director, has
announced.
Financial contributions to civil de
fense organizations are deductible
from federal income tax payments,
Maj. Gen. Walter M. Robertson, Cal
ifornia's civil defense director, has
announced.
Financial contributions to civil de
fense organizations are deductible
from federal income tax payments,
Maj. Gen. Walter M. Robertson, Cal
ifornia's civil defense director, has
announced.
Financial contributions to civil de
fense organizations are deductible
from federal income tax payments,
Maj. Gen. Walter M. Robertson, Cal
ifornia's civil defense director, has
announced.
Financial contributions to civil de
fense organizations are deductible
from federal income tax payments,
Maj. Gen. Walter M. Robertson, Cal
ifornia's civil defense director, has
announced.
Financial contributions to civil de
fense organizations are deductible
from federal income tax payments,
Maj. Gen. Walter M. Robertson, Cal
ifornia's civil defense director, has
announced.
Financial contributions to civil de
fense organizations are deductible
from federal income tax payments,
Maj. Gen. Walter M. Robertson, Cal
ifornia's civil defense director, has
announced.
Financial contributions to civil de
fense organizations are deductible
from federal income tax payments,
Maj. Gen. Walter M. Robertson, Cal
ifornia's civil defense director, has
announced.
Financial contributions to civil de
fense organizations are deductible
from federal income tax payments,
Maj. Gen. Walter M. Robertson, Cal
ifornia's civil defense director, has
announced.
Financial contributions to civil de
fense organizations are deductible
from federal income tax payments,
Maj. Gen. Walter M. Robertson, Cal
ifornia's civil defense director, has
announced.
Financial contributions to civil de
fense organizations are deductible
from federal income tax payments,
Maj. Gen. Walter M. Robertson, Cal
ifornia's civil defense director, has
announced.
Financial contributions to civil de
fense organizations are deductible
from federal income tax payments,
Maj. Gen. Walter M. Robertson, Cal
ifornia's civil defense director, has
announced.
Financial contributions to civil de
fense organizations are deductible
from federal income tax payments,
Maj. Gen. Walter M. Robertson, Cal
ifornia's civil defense director, has
announced.
