# Allies Re-enter Seoul
## 
### 

REDS COUNTERATTACK —- Enemy troops opened major coun
teroffensive in central Korea, driving South Koreans back 10
miles below Hoengsong (1). On east coast, South Koreans
reached the 38th parallel. —Acme Telephoto

REDS COUNTERATTACK —- Enemy troops opened major coun
teroffensive in central Korea, driving South Koreans back 10
miles below Hoengsong (1). On east coast, South Koreans
reached the 38th parallel. —Acme Telephoto

REDS COUNTERATTACK —- Enemy troops opened major coun
teroffensive in central Korea, driving South Koreans back 10
miles below Hoengsong (1). On east coast, South Koreans
reached the 38th parallel. —Acme Telephoto

REDS COUNTERATTACK —- Enemy troops opened major coun
teroffensive in central Korea, driving South Koreans back 10
miles below Hoengsong (1). On east coast, South Koreans
reached the 38th parallel. —Acme Telephoto

REDS COUNTERATTACK —- Enemy troops opened major coun
teroffensive in central Korea, driving South Koreans back 10
miles below Hoengsong (1). On east coast, South Koreans
reached the 38th parallel. —Acme Telephoto

REDS COUNTERATTACK —- Enemy troops opened major coun
teroffensive in central Korea, driving South Koreans back 10
miles below Hoengsong (1). On east coast, South Koreans
reached the 38th parallel. —Acme Telephoto

REDS COUNTERATTACK —- Enemy troops opened major coun
teroffensive in central Korea, driving South Koreans back 10
miles below Hoengsong (1). On east coast, South Koreans
reached the 38th parallel. —Acme Telephoto

REDS COUNTERATTACK —- Enemy troops opened major coun
teroffensive in central Korea, driving South Koreans back 10
miles below Hoengsong (1). On east coast, South Koreans
reached the 38th parallel. —Acme Telephoto

REDS COUNTERATTACK —- Enemy troops opened major coun
teroffensive in central Korea, driving South Koreans back 10
miles below Hoengsong (1). On east coast, South Koreans
reached the 38th parallel. —Acme Telephoto

REDS COUNTERATTACK —- Enemy troops opened major coun
teroffensive in central Korea, driving South Koreans back 10
miles below Hoengsong (1). On east coast, South Koreans
reached the 38th parallel. —Acme Telephoto

REDS COUNTERATTACK —- Enemy troops opened major coun
teroffensive in central Korea, driving South Koreans back 10
miles below Hoengsong (1). On east coast, South Koreans
reached the 38th parallel. —Acme Telephoto

REDS COUNTERATTACK —- Enemy troops opened major coun
teroffensive in central Korea, driving South Koreans back 10
miles below Hoengsong (1). On east coast, South Koreans
reached the 38th parallel. —Acme Telephoto

REDS COUNTERATTACK —- Enemy troops opened major coun
teroffensive in central Korea, driving South Koreans back 10
miles below Hoengsong (1). On east coast, South Koreans
reached the 38th parallel. —Acme Telephoto

REDS COUNTERATTACK —- Enemy troops opened major coun
teroffensive in central Korea, driving South Koreans back 10
miles below Hoengsong (1). On east coast, South Koreans
reached the 38th parallel. —Acme Telephoto

REDS COUNTERATTACK —- Enemy troops opened major coun
teroffensive in central Korea, driving South Koreans back 10
miles below Hoengsong (1). On east coast, South Koreans
reached the 38th parallel. —Acme Telephoto
