# Quad Sales Continue On Campus Today
## 
### 
Quarts will be on general ram
pus sale todav from 10 a.m. to 3
p.m. at the Cellar and at Engi
neering corner.
The 1951 edition of Ihe Stan
ford yearbook is scheduled for
distribution on May 28 to those
who have alcady paid the $6.50
purchase price.
Quarts will be on general ram
pus sale todav from 10 a.m. to 3
p.m. at the Cellar and at Engi
neering corner.
The 1951 edition of Ihe Stan
ford yearbook is scheduled for
distribution on May 28 to those
who have alcady paid the $6.50
purchase price.
Quarts will be on general ram
pus sale todav from 10 a.m. to 3
p.m. at the Cellar and at Engi
neering corner.
The 1951 edition of Ihe Stan
ford yearbook is scheduled for
distribution on May 28 to those
who have alcady paid the $6.50
purchase price.
Quarts will be on general ram
pus sale todav from 10 a.m. to 3
p.m. at the Cellar and at Engi
neering corner.
The 1951 edition of Ihe Stan
ford yearbook is scheduled for
distribution on May 28 to those
who have alcady paid the $6.50
purchase price.
Quarts will be on general ram
pus sale todav from 10 a.m. to 3
p.m. at the Cellar and at Engi
neering corner.
The 1951 edition of Ihe Stan
ford yearbook is scheduled for
distribution on May 28 to those
who have alcady paid the $6.50
purchase price.
Quarts will be on general ram
pus sale todav from 10 a.m. to 3
p.m. at the Cellar and at Engi
neering corner.
The 1951 edition of Ihe Stan
ford yearbook is scheduled for
distribution on May 28 to those
who have alcady paid the $6.50
purchase price.
Quarts will be on general ram
pus sale todav from 10 a.m. to 3
p.m. at the Cellar and at Engi
neering corner.
The 1951 edition of Ihe Stan
ford yearbook is scheduled for
distribution on May 28 to those
who have alcady paid the $6.50
purchase price.
Quarts will be on general ram
pus sale todav from 10 a.m. to 3
p.m. at the Cellar and at Engi
neering corner.
The 1951 edition of Ihe Stan
ford yearbook is scheduled for
distribution on May 28 to those
who have alcady paid the $6.50
purchase price.
Quarts will be on general ram
pus sale todav from 10 a.m. to 3
p.m. at the Cellar and at Engi
neering corner.
The 1951 edition of Ihe Stan
ford yearbook is scheduled for
distribution on May 28 to those
who have alcady paid the $6.50
purchase price.
Quarts will be on general ram
pus sale todav from 10 a.m. to 3
p.m. at the Cellar and at Engi
neering corner.
The 1951 edition of Ihe Stan
ford yearbook is scheduled for
distribution on May 28 to those
who have alcady paid the $6.50
purchase price.
Quarts will be on general ram
pus sale todav from 10 a.m. to 3
p.m. at the Cellar and at Engi
neering corner.
The 1951 edition of Ihe Stan
ford yearbook is scheduled for
distribution on May 28 to those
who have alcady paid the $6.50
purchase price.
Quarts will be on general ram
pus sale todav from 10 a.m. to 3
p.m. at the Cellar and at Engi
neering corner.
The 1951 edition of Ihe Stan
ford yearbook is scheduled for
distribution on May 28 to those
who have alcady paid the $6.50
purchase price.
Quarts will be on general ram
pus sale todav from 10 a.m. to 3
p.m. at the Cellar and at Engi
neering corner.
The 1951 edition of Ihe Stan
ford yearbook is scheduled for
distribution on May 28 to those
who have alcady paid the $6.50
purchase price.
Quarts will be on general ram
pus sale todav from 10 a.m. to 3
p.m. at the Cellar and at Engi
neering corner.
The 1951 edition of Ihe Stan
ford yearbook is scheduled for
distribution on May 28 to those
who have alcady paid the $6.50
purchase price.
Quarts will be on general ram
pus sale todav from 10 a.m. to 3
p.m. at the Cellar and at Engi
neering corner.
The 1951 edition of Ihe Stan
ford yearbook is scheduled for
distribution on May 28 to those
who have alcady paid the $6.50
purchase price.
