# Olympic Canoeist Instructs Today
## 
### 
Two life saving an,d canoeing dem
onstrations will be given today by
Mr. Wallace Van B. Claussen, repre
sentative of the National Red Cross.
At 11 a.m. Mr. Claussen will dem
onstrate in the men's pool. This
demonstration will be open to men
only. Open to everyone will be the
demonstration at the women's pool
at 4 p.m.
Mr. Claussen is one of the out
standing canoe experts of the coun
try, and has coached four Olympic
teams.
Two life saving an,d canoeing dem
onstrations will be given today by
Mr. Wallace Van B. Claussen, repre
sentative of the National Red Cross.
At 11 a.m. Mr. Claussen will dem
onstrate in the men's pool. This
demonstration will be open to men
only. Open to everyone will be the
demonstration at the women's pool
at 4 p.m.
Mr. Claussen is one of the out
standing canoe experts of the coun
try, and has coached four Olympic
teams.
Two life saving an,d canoeing dem
onstrations will be given today by
Mr. Wallace Van B. Claussen, repre
sentative of the National Red Cross.
At 11 a.m. Mr. Claussen will dem
onstrate in the men's pool. This
demonstration will be open to men
only. Open to everyone will be the
demonstration at the women's pool
at 4 p.m.
Mr. Claussen is one of the out
standing canoe experts of the coun
try, and has coached four Olympic
teams.
Two life saving an,d canoeing dem
onstrations will be given today by
Mr. Wallace Van B. Claussen, repre
sentative of the National Red Cross.
At 11 a.m. Mr. Claussen will dem
onstrate in the men's pool. This
demonstration will be open to men
only. Open to everyone will be the
demonstration at the women's pool
at 4 p.m.
Mr. Claussen is one of the out
standing canoe experts of the coun
try, and has coached four Olympic
teams.
Two life saving an,d canoeing dem
onstrations will be given today by
Mr. Wallace Van B. Claussen, repre
sentative of the National Red Cross.
At 11 a.m. Mr. Claussen will dem
onstrate in the men's pool. This
demonstration will be open to men
only. Open to everyone will be the
demonstration at the women's pool
at 4 p.m.
Mr. Claussen is one of the out
standing canoe experts of the coun
try, and has coached four Olympic
teams.
Two life saving an,d canoeing dem
onstrations will be given today by
Mr. Wallace Van B. Claussen, repre
sentative of the National Red Cross.
At 11 a.m. Mr. Claussen will dem
onstrate in the men's pool. This
demonstration will be open to men
only. Open to everyone will be the
demonstration at the women's pool
at 4 p.m.
Mr. Claussen is one of the out
standing canoe experts of the coun
try, and has coached four Olympic
teams.
Two life saving an,d canoeing dem
onstrations will be given today by
Mr. Wallace Van B. Claussen, repre
sentative of the National Red Cross.
At 11 a.m. Mr. Claussen will dem
onstrate in the men's pool. This
demonstration will be open to men
only. Open to everyone will be the
demonstration at the women's pool
at 4 p.m.
Mr. Claussen is one of the out
standing canoe experts of the coun
try, and has coached four Olympic
teams.
Two life saving an,d canoeing dem
onstrations will be given today by
Mr. Wallace Van B. Claussen, repre
sentative of the National Red Cross.
At 11 a.m. Mr. Claussen will dem
onstrate in the men's pool. This
demonstration will be open to men
only. Open to everyone will be the
demonstration at the women's pool
at 4 p.m.
Mr. Claussen is one of the out
standing canoe experts of the coun
try, and has coached four Olympic
teams.
Two life saving an,d canoeing dem
onstrations will be given today by
Mr. Wallace Van B. Claussen, repre
sentative of the National Red Cross.
At 11 a.m. Mr. Claussen will dem
onstrate in the men's pool. This
demonstration will be open to men
only. Open to everyone will be the
demonstration at the women's pool
at 4 p.m.
Mr. Claussen is one of the out
standing canoe experts of the coun
try, and has coached four Olympic
teams.
Two life saving an,d canoeing dem
onstrations will be given today by
Mr. Wallace Van B. Claussen, repre
sentative of the National Red Cross.
At 11 a.m. Mr. Claussen will dem
onstrate in the men's pool. This
demonstration will be open to men
only. Open to everyone will be the
demonstration at the women's pool
at 4 p.m.
Mr. Claussen is one of the out
standing canoe experts of the coun
try, and has coached four Olympic
teams.
Two life saving an,d canoeing dem
onstrations will be given today by
Mr. Wallace Van B. Claussen, repre
sentative of the National Red Cross.
At 11 a.m. Mr. Claussen will dem
onstrate in the men's pool. This
demonstration will be open to men
only. Open to everyone will be the
demonstration at the women's pool
at 4 p.m.
Mr. Claussen is one of the out
standing canoe experts of the coun
try, and has coached four Olympic
teams.
Two life saving an,d canoeing dem
onstrations will be given today by
Mr. Wallace Van B. Claussen, repre
sentative of the National Red Cross.
At 11 a.m. Mr. Claussen will dem
onstrate in the men's pool. This
demonstration will be open to men
only. Open to everyone will be the
demonstration at the women's pool
at 4 p.m.
Mr. Claussen is one of the out
standing canoe experts of the coun
try, and has coached four Olympic
teams.
Two life saving an,d canoeing dem
onstrations will be given today by
Mr. Wallace Van B. Claussen, repre
sentative of the National Red Cross.
At 11 a.m. Mr. Claussen will dem
onstrate in the men's pool. This
demonstration will be open to men
only. Open to everyone will be the
demonstration at the women's pool
at 4 p.m.
Mr. Claussen is one of the out
standing canoe experts of the coun
try, and has coached four Olympic
teams.
Two life saving an,d canoeing dem
onstrations will be given today by
Mr. Wallace Van B. Claussen, repre
sentative of the National Red Cross.
At 11 a.m. Mr. Claussen will dem
onstrate in the men's pool. This
demonstration will be open to men
only. Open to everyone will be the
demonstration at the women's pool
at 4 p.m.
Mr. Claussen is one of the out
standing canoe experts of the coun
try, and has coached four Olympic
teams.
Two life saving an,d canoeing dem
onstrations will be given today by
Mr. Wallace Van B. Claussen, repre
sentative of the National Red Cross.
At 11 a.m. Mr. Claussen will dem
onstrate in the men's pool. This
demonstration will be open to men
only. Open to everyone will be the
demonstration at the women's pool
at 4 p.m.
Mr. Claussen is one of the out
standing canoe experts of the coun
try, and has coached four Olympic
teams.
Two life saving an,d canoeing dem
onstrations will be given today by
Mr. Wallace Van B. Claussen, repre
sentative of the National Red Cross.
At 11 a.m. Mr. Claussen will dem
onstrate in the men's pool. This
demonstration will be open to men
only. Open to everyone will be the
demonstration at the women's pool
at 4 p.m.
Mr. Claussen is one of the out
standing canoe experts of the coun
try, and has coached four Olympic
teams.
Two life saving an,d canoeing dem
onstrations will be given today by
Mr. Wallace Van B. Claussen, repre
sentative of the National Red Cross.
At 11 a.m. Mr. Claussen will dem
onstrate in the men's pool. This
demonstration will be open to men
only. Open to everyone will be the
demonstration at the women's pool
at 4 p.m.
Mr. Claussen is one of the out
standing canoe experts of the coun
try, and has coached four Olympic
teams.
Two life saving an,d canoeing dem
onstrations will be given today by
Mr. Wallace Van B. Claussen, repre
sentative of the National Red Cross.
At 11 a.m. Mr. Claussen will dem
onstrate in the men's pool. This
demonstration will be open to men
only. Open to everyone will be the
demonstration at the women's pool
at 4 p.m.
Mr. Claussen is one of the out
standing canoe experts of the coun
try, and has coached four Olympic
teams.
