# Museum To Show Old American Oils
## 
### 
Twenty-five Early American oils,
dating from the Revolution to the
Civil War, will be exhibited at the
DeYoung Museum until October 25.
Instead of "name" art, the exhibit
presents an insight into the native
American painting of the first half
of the century.
Done by little known artists, the
new collection shows the spirit of
the new America in its struggle for
freedom, and later, its fight for
unity. The paintings are from the
Newhouse Galleries in New York.
Twenty-five Early American oils,
dating from the Revolution to the
Civil War, will be exhibited at the
DeYoung Museum until October 25.
Instead of "name" art, the exhibit
presents an insight into the native
American painting of the first half
of the century.
Done by little known artists, the
new collection shows the spirit of
the new America in its struggle for
freedom, and later, its fight for
unity. The paintings are from the
Newhouse Galleries in New York.
Twenty-five Early American oils,
dating from the Revolution to the
Civil War, will be exhibited at the
DeYoung Museum until October 25.
Instead of "name" art, the exhibit
presents an insight into the native
American painting of the first half
of the century.
Done by little known artists, the
new collection shows the spirit of
the new America in its struggle for
freedom, and later, its fight for
unity. The paintings are from the
Newhouse Galleries in New York.
Twenty-five Early American oils,
dating from the Revolution to the
Civil War, will be exhibited at the
DeYoung Museum until October 25.
Instead of "name" art, the exhibit
presents an insight into the native
American painting of the first half
of the century.
Done by little known artists, the
new collection shows the spirit of
the new America in its struggle for
freedom, and later, its fight for
unity. The paintings are from the
Newhouse Galleries in New York.
Twenty-five Early American oils,
dating from the Revolution to the
Civil War, will be exhibited at the
DeYoung Museum until October 25.
Instead of "name" art, the exhibit
presents an insight into the native
American painting of the first half
of the century.
Done by little known artists, the
new collection shows the spirit of
the new America in its struggle for
freedom, and later, its fight for
unity. The paintings are from the
Newhouse Galleries in New York.
Twenty-five Early American oils,
dating from the Revolution to the
Civil War, will be exhibited at the
DeYoung Museum until October 25.
Instead of "name" art, the exhibit
presents an insight into the native
American painting of the first half
of the century.
Done by little known artists, the
new collection shows the spirit of
the new America in its struggle for
freedom, and later, its fight for
unity. The paintings are from the
Newhouse Galleries in New York.
Twenty-five Early American oils,
dating from the Revolution to the
Civil War, will be exhibited at the
DeYoung Museum until October 25.
Instead of "name" art, the exhibit
presents an insight into the native
American painting of the first half
of the century.
Done by little known artists, the
new collection shows the spirit of
the new America in its struggle for
freedom, and later, its fight for
unity. The paintings are from the
Newhouse Galleries in New York.
Twenty-five Early American oils,
dating from the Revolution to the
Civil War, will be exhibited at the
DeYoung Museum until October 25.
Instead of "name" art, the exhibit
presents an insight into the native
American painting of the first half
of the century.
Done by little known artists, the
new collection shows the spirit of
the new America in its struggle for
freedom, and later, its fight for
unity. The paintings are from the
Newhouse Galleries in New York.
Twenty-five Early American oils,
dating from the Revolution to the
Civil War, will be exhibited at the
DeYoung Museum until October 25.
Instead of "name" art, the exhibit
presents an insight into the native
American painting of the first half
of the century.
Done by little known artists, the
new collection shows the spirit of
the new America in its struggle for
freedom, and later, its fight for
unity. The paintings are from the
Newhouse Galleries in New York.
Twenty-five Early American oils,
dating from the Revolution to the
Civil War, will be exhibited at the
DeYoung Museum until October 25.
Instead of "name" art, the exhibit
presents an insight into the native
American painting of the first half
of the century.
Done by little known artists, the
new collection shows the spirit of
the new America in its struggle for
freedom, and later, its fight for
unity. The paintings are from the
Newhouse Galleries in New York.
Twenty-five Early American oils,
dating from the Revolution to the
Civil War, will be exhibited at the
DeYoung Museum until October 25.
Instead of "name" art, the exhibit
presents an insight into the native
American painting of the first half
of the century.
Done by little known artists, the
new collection shows the spirit of
the new America in its struggle for
freedom, and later, its fight for
unity. The paintings are from the
Newhouse Galleries in New York.
Twenty-five Early American oils,
dating from the Revolution to the
Civil War, will be exhibited at the
DeYoung Museum until October 25.
Instead of "name" art, the exhibit
presents an insight into the native
American painting of the first half
of the century.
Done by little known artists, the
new collection shows the spirit of
the new America in its struggle for
freedom, and later, its fight for
unity. The paintings are from the
Newhouse Galleries in New York.
Twenty-five Early American oils,
dating from the Revolution to the
Civil War, will be exhibited at the
DeYoung Museum until October 25.
Instead of "name" art, the exhibit
presents an insight into the native
American painting of the first half
of the century.
Done by little known artists, the
new collection shows the spirit of
the new America in its struggle for
freedom, and later, its fight for
unity. The paintings are from the
Newhouse Galleries in New York.
Twenty-five Early American oils,
dating from the Revolution to the
Civil War, will be exhibited at the
DeYoung Museum until October 25.
Instead of "name" art, the exhibit
presents an insight into the native
American painting of the first half
of the century.
Done by little known artists, the
new collection shows the spirit of
the new America in its struggle for
freedom, and later, its fight for
unity. The paintings are from the
Newhouse Galleries in New York.
Twenty-five Early American oils,
dating from the Revolution to the
Civil War, will be exhibited at the
DeYoung Museum until October 25.
Instead of "name" art, the exhibit
presents an insight into the native
American painting of the first half
of the century.
Done by little known artists, the
new collection shows the spirit of
the new America in its struggle for
freedom, and later, its fight for
unity. The paintings are from the
Newhouse Galleries in New York.
Twenty-five Early American oils,
dating from the Revolution to the
Civil War, will be exhibited at the
DeYoung Museum until October 25.
Instead of "name" art, the exhibit
presents an insight into the native
American painting of the first half
of the century.
Done by little known artists, the
new collection shows the spirit of
the new America in its struggle for
freedom, and later, its fight for
unity. The paintings are from the
Newhouse Galleries in New York.
Twenty-five Early American oils,
dating from the Revolution to the
Civil War, will be exhibited at the
DeYoung Museum until October 25.
Instead of "name" art, the exhibit
presents an insight into the native
American painting of the first half
of the century.
Done by little known artists, the
new collection shows the spirit of
the new America in its struggle for
freedom, and later, its fight for
unity. The paintings are from the
Newhouse Galleries in New York.
Twenty-five Early American oils,
dating from the Revolution to the
Civil War, will be exhibited at the
DeYoung Museum until October 25.
Instead of "name" art, the exhibit
presents an insight into the native
American painting of the first half
of the century.
Done by little known artists, the
new collection shows the spirit of
the new America in its struggle for
freedom, and later, its fight for
unity. The paintings are from the
Newhouse Galleries in New York.
