# Adv. 26 Page 11
## 
### 
process for photos. Must have
extensive experience with Adobe
products.
employment@medexpert.com
Learn to FLY!!
Palo Alto Airport-call for demo
flight: Sue Ballew 415.845.1058
skytrekker2oo@sbcglobal.net
Professional Wedding Photography
www.dansullivanphotography.com
Weddings-Events-Portraits
(805) 698-5352 Palo Alto based
Resume Help from Award-Wnning
Writer. Stanford discount: www.
shimmeringresumes.com/classrfied.ht
m
Participants Needed: 18-25 y/o
women, Body Image/Emotion Mngmnt
Stdy. Stnfrd resrehers are eval
uating benefits of a emotion
mngmnt program. Contact Darby,
dcunning@stanford.edu; 650-723-
9936. Questions about research?
Call toll free: 1 -866-680-2906.
STANFORD STUDENTS-
Earn upto $14.25/ hr at the
Stanford Student Calling Center!
FLEXIBLE EVENING AND
WEEKEND SCHEDULES!
apply online @
://stanford.thecallingcenter.com
Airline ticket vouchers, half
price anywhere. Last minute
OK. 702-300-4715
Looking for experienced tutor to
