# Engineers Report Farm Research
## 
### 
Experiments on efficiency of gas
turbine plant heat exchangers,
which may prove valuable in design
of aircraft engines as well as ma
rine and locomotive power units,
are summarized in a research re
port by three Stanford engineers,
published this month bv the Ameri
can Society of Mechanical Engi
neers.
They are A. L. London, professor
of mechanical engineering; W. M.
Kays, assistant professor of me
chanical engineering; and D. W.
Johnson, instructor in mechanical
engineering.
Experiments on efficiency of gas
turbine plant heat exchangers,
which may prove valuable in design
of aircraft engines as well as ma
rine and locomotive power units,
are summarized in a research re
port by three Stanford engineers,
published this month bv the Ameri
can Society of Mechanical Engi
neers.
They are A. L. London, professor
of mechanical engineering; W. M.
Kays, assistant professor of me
chanical engineering; and D. W.
Johnson, instructor in mechanical
engineering.
Experiments on efficiency of gas
turbine plant heat exchangers,
which may prove valuable in design
of aircraft engines as well as ma
rine and locomotive power units,
are summarized in a research re
port by three Stanford engineers,
published this month bv the Ameri
can Society of Mechanical Engi
neers.
They are A. L. London, professor
of mechanical engineering; W. M.
Kays, assistant professor of me
chanical engineering; and D. W.
Johnson, instructor in mechanical
engineering.
Experiments on efficiency of gas
turbine plant heat exchangers,
which may prove valuable in design
of aircraft engines as well as ma
rine and locomotive power units,
are summarized in a research re
port by three Stanford engineers,
published this month bv the Ameri
can Society of Mechanical Engi
neers.
They are A. L. London, professor
of mechanical engineering; W. M.
Kays, assistant professor of me
chanical engineering; and D. W.
Johnson, instructor in mechanical
engineering.
Experiments on efficiency of gas
turbine plant heat exchangers,
which may prove valuable in design
of aircraft engines as well as ma
rine and locomotive power units,
are summarized in a research re
port by three Stanford engineers,
published this month bv the Ameri
can Society of Mechanical Engi
neers.
They are A. L. London, professor
of mechanical engineering; W. M.
Kays, assistant professor of me
chanical engineering; and D. W.
Johnson, instructor in mechanical
engineering.
Experiments on efficiency of gas
turbine plant heat exchangers,
which may prove valuable in design
of aircraft engines as well as ma
rine and locomotive power units,
are summarized in a research re
port by three Stanford engineers,
published this month bv the Ameri
can Society of Mechanical Engi
neers.
They are A. L. London, professor
of mechanical engineering; W. M.
Kays, assistant professor of me
chanical engineering; and D. W.
Johnson, instructor in mechanical
engineering.
Experiments on efficiency of gas
turbine plant heat exchangers,
which may prove valuable in design
of aircraft engines as well as ma
rine and locomotive power units,
are summarized in a research re
port by three Stanford engineers,
published this month bv the Ameri
can Society of Mechanical Engi
neers.
They are A. L. London, professor
of mechanical engineering; W. M.
Kays, assistant professor of me
chanical engineering; and D. W.
Johnson, instructor in mechanical
engineering.
Experiments on efficiency of gas
turbine plant heat exchangers,
which may prove valuable in design
of aircraft engines as well as ma
rine and locomotive power units,
are summarized in a research re
port by three Stanford engineers,
published this month bv the Ameri
can Society of Mechanical Engi
neers.
They are A. L. London, professor
of mechanical engineering; W. M.
Kays, assistant professor of me
chanical engineering; and D. W.
Johnson, instructor in mechanical
engineering.
Experiments on efficiency of gas
turbine plant heat exchangers,
which may prove valuable in design
of aircraft engines as well as ma
rine and locomotive power units,
are summarized in a research re
port by three Stanford engineers,
published this month bv the Ameri
can Society of Mechanical Engi
neers.
They are A. L. London, professor
of mechanical engineering; W. M.
Kays, assistant professor of me
chanical engineering; and D. W.
Johnson, instructor in mechanical
engineering.
Experiments on efficiency of gas
turbine plant heat exchangers,
which may prove valuable in design
of aircraft engines as well as ma
rine and locomotive power units,
are summarized in a research re
port by three Stanford engineers,
published this month bv the Ameri
can Society of Mechanical Engi
neers.
They are A. L. London, professor
of mechanical engineering; W. M.
Kays, assistant professor of me
chanical engineering; and D. W.
Johnson, instructor in mechanical
engineering.
Experiments on efficiency of gas
turbine plant heat exchangers,
which may prove valuable in design
of aircraft engines as well as ma
rine and locomotive power units,
are summarized in a research re
port by three Stanford engineers,
published this month bv the Ameri
can Society of Mechanical Engi
neers.
They are A. L. London, professor
of mechanical engineering; W. M.
Kays, assistant professor of me
chanical engineering; and D. W.
Johnson, instructor in mechanical
engineering.
Experiments on efficiency of gas
turbine plant heat exchangers,
which may prove valuable in design
of aircraft engines as well as ma
rine and locomotive power units,
are summarized in a research re
port by three Stanford engineers,
published this month bv the Ameri
can Society of Mechanical Engi
neers.
They are A. L. London, professor
of mechanical engineering; W. M.
Kays, assistant professor of me
chanical engineering; and D. W.
Johnson, instructor in mechanical
engineering.
Experiments on efficiency of gas
turbine plant heat exchangers,
which may prove valuable in design
of aircraft engines as well as ma
rine and locomotive power units,
are summarized in a research re
port by three Stanford engineers,
published this month bv the Ameri
can Society of Mechanical Engi
neers.
They are A. L. London, professor
of mechanical engineering; W. M.
Kays, assistant professor of me
chanical engineering; and D. W.
Johnson, instructor in mechanical
engineering.
Experiments on efficiency of gas
turbine plant heat exchangers,
which may prove valuable in design
of aircraft engines as well as ma
rine and locomotive power units,
are summarized in a research re
port by three Stanford engineers,
published this month bv the Ameri
can Society of Mechanical Engi
neers.
They are A. L. London, professor
of mechanical engineering; W. M.
Kays, assistant professor of me
chanical engineering; and D. W.
Johnson, instructor in mechanical
engineering.
Experiments on efficiency of gas
turbine plant heat exchangers,
which may prove valuable in design
of aircraft engines as well as ma
rine and locomotive power units,
are summarized in a research re
port by three Stanford engineers,
published this month bv the Ameri
can Society of Mechanical Engi
neers.
They are A. L. London, professor
of mechanical engineering; W. M.
Kays, assistant professor of me
chanical engineering; and D. W.
Johnson, instructor in mechanical
engineering.
