# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
ENGAGEMENT
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Joan Plimmer,
Class of ’65 to David Chu, Stan
ford Graduate School of Electri
cal Engineering, Class of ’65.
ENGAGEMENT
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Joan Plimmer,
Class of ’65 to David Chu, Stan
ford Graduate School of Electri
cal Engineering, Class of ’65.
ENGAGEMENT
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Joan Plimmer,
Class of ’65 to David Chu, Stan
ford Graduate School of Electri
cal Engineering, Class of ’65.
ENGAGEMENT
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Joan Plimmer,
Class of ’65 to David Chu, Stan
ford Graduate School of Electri
cal Engineering, Class of ’65.
ENGAGEMENT
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Joan Plimmer,
Class of ’65 to David Chu, Stan
ford Graduate School of Electri
cal Engineering, Class of ’65.
ENGAGEMENT
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Joan Plimmer,
Class of ’65 to David Chu, Stan
ford Graduate School of Electri
cal Engineering, Class of ’65.
ENGAGEMENT
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Joan Plimmer,
Class of ’65 to David Chu, Stan
ford Graduate School of Electri
cal Engineering, Class of ’65.
ENGAGEMENT
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Joan Plimmer,
Class of ’65 to David Chu, Stan
ford Graduate School of Electri
cal Engineering, Class of ’65.
ENGAGEMENT
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Joan Plimmer,
Class of ’65 to David Chu, Stan
ford Graduate School of Electri
cal Engineering, Class of ’65.
ENGAGEMENT
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Joan Plimmer,
Class of ’65 to David Chu, Stan
ford Graduate School of Electri
cal Engineering, Class of ’65.
ENGAGEMENT
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Joan Plimmer,
Class of ’65 to David Chu, Stan
ford Graduate School of Electri
cal Engineering, Class of ’65.
ENGAGEMENT
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Joan Plimmer,
Class of ’65 to David Chu, Stan
ford Graduate School of Electri
cal Engineering, Class of ’65.
ENGAGEMENT
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Joan Plimmer,
Class of ’65 to David Chu, Stan
ford Graduate School of Electri
cal Engineering, Class of ’65.
ENGAGEMENT
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Joan Plimmer,
Class of ’65 to David Chu, Stan
ford Graduate School of Electri
cal Engineering, Class of ’65.
ENGAGEMENT
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Joan Plimmer,
Class of ’65 to David Chu, Stan
ford Graduate School of Electri
cal Engineering, Class of ’65.
