# Adv. 39 Page 4
## 
### 
II • *
I
sm
»• %
-■ •-
■■l
■ ■ TOfIWCT ■ SB a
188$
m
.■■■
IK
o
L / _L
Sts
*
more body
in the blend
more flavor
in the smoke
cscd more taste
through the filter
It's the rich-flavor leaf that does it! Among L&M’s choice tobaccos there’s more
of dns longer-aged, extra-cured leaf than even in some unliltcred cigarettes. And
willi L&M s modern filter— the Miracle Tip only jnirc white touches your lips.
Get lots more from L&M the Jitter cigarette fur people who really like to smoke.
‘ v ’ *
an*
I
II • *
I
sm
»• %
-■ •-
■■l
■ ■ TOfIWCT ■ SB a
188$
m
.■■■
IK
o
L / _L
Sts
*
more body
in the blend
more flavor
in the smoke
cscd more taste
through the filter
It's the rich-flavor leaf that does it! Among L&M’s choice tobaccos there’s more
of dns longer-aged, extra-cured leaf than even in some unliltcred cigarettes. And
willi L&M s modern filter— the Miracle Tip only jnirc white touches your lips.
Get lots more from L&M the Jitter cigarette fur people who really like to smoke.
‘ v ’ *
an*
I
II • *
I
sm
»• %
-■ •-
■■l
■ ■ TOfIWCT ■ SB a
188$
m
.■■■
IK
o
L / _L
Sts
*
more body
in the blend
more flavor
in the smoke
cscd more taste
through the filter
It's the rich-flavor leaf that does it! Among L&M’s choice tobaccos there’s more
of dns longer-aged, extra-cured leaf than even in some unliltcred cigarettes. And
willi L&M s modern filter— the Miracle Tip only jnirc white touches your lips.
Get lots more from L&M the Jitter cigarette fur people who really like to smoke.
‘ v ’ *
an*
I
II • *
I
sm
»• %
-■ •-
■■l
■ ■ TOfIWCT ■ SB a
188$
m
.■■■
IK
o
L / _L
Sts
*
more body
in the blend
more flavor
in the smoke
cscd more taste
through the filter
It's the rich-flavor leaf that does it! Among L&M’s choice tobaccos there’s more
of dns longer-aged, extra-cured leaf than even in some unliltcred cigarettes. And
willi L&M s modern filter— the Miracle Tip only jnirc white touches your lips.
Get lots more from L&M the Jitter cigarette fur people who really like to smoke.
‘ v ’ *
an*
I
II • *
I
sm
»• %
-■ •-
■■l
■ ■ TOfIWCT ■ SB a
188$
m
.■■■
IK
o
L / _L
Sts
*
more body
in the blend
more flavor
in the smoke
cscd more taste
through the filter
It's the rich-flavor leaf that does it! Among L&M’s choice tobaccos there’s more
of dns longer-aged, extra-cured leaf than even in some unliltcred cigarettes. And
willi L&M s modern filter— the Miracle Tip only jnirc white touches your lips.
Get lots more from L&M the Jitter cigarette fur people who really like to smoke.
‘ v ’ *
an*
I
II • *
I
sm
»• %
-■ •-
■■l
■ ■ TOfIWCT ■ SB a
188$
m
.■■■
IK
o
L / _L
Sts
*
more body
in the blend
more flavor
in the smoke
cscd more taste
through the filter
It's the rich-flavor leaf that does it! Among L&M’s choice tobaccos there’s more
of dns longer-aged, extra-cured leaf than even in some unliltcred cigarettes. And
willi L&M s modern filter— the Miracle Tip only jnirc white touches your lips.
Get lots more from L&M the Jitter cigarette fur people who really like to smoke.
‘ v ’ *
an*
I
II • *
I
sm
»• %
-■ •-
■■l
■ ■ TOfIWCT ■ SB a
188$
m
.■■■
IK
o
L / _L
Sts
*
more body
in the blend
more flavor
in the smoke
cscd more taste
through the filter
It's the rich-flavor leaf that does it! Among L&M’s choice tobaccos there’s more
of dns longer-aged, extra-cured leaf than even in some unliltcred cigarettes. And
willi L&M s modern filter— the Miracle Tip only jnirc white touches your lips.
Get lots more from L&M the Jitter cigarette fur people who really like to smoke.
‘ v ’ *
an*
I
II • *
I
sm
»• %
-■ •-
■■l
■ ■ TOfIWCT ■ SB a
188$
m
.■■■
IK
o
L / _L
Sts
*
more body
in the blend
more flavor
in the smoke
cscd more taste
through the filter
It's the rich-flavor leaf that does it! Among L&M’s choice tobaccos there’s more
of dns longer-aged, extra-cured leaf than even in some unliltcred cigarettes. And
willi L&M s modern filter— the Miracle Tip only jnirc white touches your lips.
Get lots more from L&M the Jitter cigarette fur people who really like to smoke.
‘ v ’ *
an*
I
II • *
I
sm
»• %
-■ •-
■■l
■ ■ TOfIWCT ■ SB a
188$
m
.■■■
IK
o
L / _L
Sts
*
more body
in the blend
more flavor
in the smoke
cscd more taste
through the filter
It's the rich-flavor leaf that does it! Among L&M’s choice tobaccos there’s more
of dns longer-aged, extra-cured leaf than even in some unliltcred cigarettes. And
willi L&M s modern filter— the Miracle Tip only jnirc white touches your lips.
Get lots more from L&M the Jitter cigarette fur people who really like to smoke.
‘ v ’ *
an*
I
II • *
I
sm
»• %
-■ •-
■■l
■ ■ TOfIWCT ■ SB a
188$
m
.■■■
IK
o
L / _L
Sts
*
more body
in the blend
more flavor
in the smoke
cscd more taste
through the filter
It's the rich-flavor leaf that does it! Among L&M’s choice tobaccos there’s more
of dns longer-aged, extra-cured leaf than even in some unliltcred cigarettes. And
willi L&M s modern filter— the Miracle Tip only jnirc white touches your lips.
Get lots more from L&M the Jitter cigarette fur people who really like to smoke.
‘ v ’ *
an*
I
II • *
I
sm
»• %
-■ •-
■■l
■ ■ TOfIWCT ■ SB a
188$
m
.■■■
IK
o
L / _L
Sts
*
more body
in the blend
more flavor
in the smoke
cscd more taste
through the filter
It's the rich-flavor leaf that does it! Among L&M’s choice tobaccos there’s more
of dns longer-aged, extra-cured leaf than even in some unliltcred cigarettes. And
willi L&M s modern filter— the Miracle Tip only jnirc white touches your lips.
Get lots more from L&M the Jitter cigarette fur people who really like to smoke.
‘ v ’ *
an*
I
II • *
I
sm
»• %
-■ •-
■■l
■ ■ TOfIWCT ■ SB a
188$
m
.■■■
IK
o
L / _L
Sts
*
more body
in the blend
more flavor
in the smoke
cscd more taste
through the filter
It's the rich-flavor leaf that does it! Among L&M’s choice tobaccos there’s more
of dns longer-aged, extra-cured leaf than even in some unliltcred cigarettes. And
willi L&M s modern filter— the Miracle Tip only jnirc white touches your lips.
Get lots more from L&M the Jitter cigarette fur people who really like to smoke.
‘ v ’ *
an*
I
II • *
I
sm
»• %
-■ •-
■■l
■ ■ TOfIWCT ■ SB a
188$
m
.■■■
IK
o
L / _L
Sts
*
more body
in the blend
more flavor
in the smoke
cscd more taste
through the filter
It's the rich-flavor leaf that does it! Among L&M’s choice tobaccos there’s more
of dns longer-aged, extra-cured leaf than even in some unliltcred cigarettes. And
willi L&M s modern filter— the Miracle Tip only jnirc white touches your lips.
Get lots more from L&M the Jitter cigarette fur people who really like to smoke.
‘ v ’ *
an*
I
II • *
I
sm
»• %
-■ •-
■■l
■ ■ TOfIWCT ■ SB a
188$
m
.■■■
IK
o
L / _L
Sts
*
more body
in the blend
more flavor
in the smoke
cscd more taste
through the filter
It's the rich-flavor leaf that does it! Among L&M’s choice tobaccos there’s more
of dns longer-aged, extra-cured leaf than even in some unliltcred cigarettes. And
willi L&M s modern filter— the Miracle Tip only jnirc white touches your lips.
Get lots more from L&M the Jitter cigarette fur people who really like to smoke.
‘ v ’ *
an*
I
II • *
I
sm
»• %
-■ •-
■■l
■ ■ TOfIWCT ■ SB a
188$
m
.■■■
IK
o
L / _L
Sts
*
more body
in the blend
more flavor
in the smoke
cscd more taste
through the filter
It's the rich-flavor leaf that does it! Among L&M’s choice tobaccos there’s more
of dns longer-aged, extra-cured leaf than even in some unliltcred cigarettes. And
willi L&M s modern filter— the Miracle Tip only jnirc white touches your lips.
Get lots more from L&M the Jitter cigarette fur people who really like to smoke.
‘ v ’ *
an*
I
