# SJS Upsets SU Golfers
## 
### DAVE NYBERG 
Stanford golfers got their first
bitter taste of defeat this week
end at the Pasaticmpo Collegiate
Tournament.
Coach Bud Fingerâ€™s team, de
fending champions of the tourna
ment and victors in six straight
dual matches, were favored to
win again. But San Jose State,
not figured to be in contention
for even as high as fifth place,
sliced 11 strokes off the tourna
ment record (590 set last year by
Stanford) while completely out
classing the astonished 31 team
field. The Indians were but two
strokes over the record they had
established, but they merited
only third place behind USC with
a 591 total.
Top finishers were John Lotz
(SJS) with a 281 total, followed
by Rhoades of USC with 285; Jim
Wickers, 287; and Pete Choate,
who shot a 290 after a disastrous
42 on the back nine of the first
playoff round.
