# Ski Officers To Be Elected
## 
### 
Election of officers for next year
will be the most important business
at the Ski Club meeting tonight at
7:15 in Cubberley Auditorium.
This is the last meeting of the
quarter and will begin promptly at
the scheduled time, President Don
Glass emphasized. Offices open in
clude president, men's vice-presi
dent, women's vice-president, sec
retary, and treasurer. Any member
with a C average is eligible.
Nominations may be made through
the nominating committee (by con
tacting Allie Aitken, Latlirop) or
from the floor.
A Dr. Howard movie, "Over Ski
Tips," will complete the program.
Glass also announced that reser
vations are open for this weekend
at Yosemite. The Ski Club will
have 100 reservations at the valley
every weekend up to and including
April 2, except for Mar. 12-13.
They will be unable, however, to
obtain reservations for the week of
spring vacation. Those wishing to
ski then should write the Yosemite
Park and Curry Co., San Francisco,
tor reservations.
Members skiing at Yosemite are
urged to take advantage of the free
lessons provided by the Ski Club.
Even free T-bar tickets are includ
ed while the student is taking les
sons.
Election of officers for next year
will be the most important business
at the Ski Club meeting tonight at
7:15 in Cubberley Auditorium.
This is the last meeting of the
quarter and will begin promptly at
the scheduled time, President Don
Glass emphasized. Offices open in
clude president, men's vice-presi
dent, women's vice-president, sec
retary, and treasurer. Any member
with a C average is eligible.
Nominations may be made through
the nominating committee (by con
tacting Allie Aitken, Latlirop) or
from the floor.
A Dr. Howard movie, "Over Ski
Tips," will complete the program.
Glass also announced that reser
vations are open for this weekend
at Yosemite. The Ski Club will
have 100 reservations at the valley
every weekend up to and including
April 2, except for Mar. 12-13.
They will be unable, however, to
obtain reservations for the week of
spring vacation. Those wishing to
ski then should write the Yosemite
Park and Curry Co., San Francisco,
tor reservations.
Members skiing at Yosemite are
urged to take advantage of the free
lessons provided by the Ski Club.
Even free T-bar tickets are includ
ed while the student is taking les
sons.
Election of officers for next year
will be the most important business
at the Ski Club meeting tonight at
7:15 in Cubberley Auditorium.
This is the last meeting of the
quarter and will begin promptly at
the scheduled time, President Don
Glass emphasized. Offices open in
clude president, men's vice-presi
dent, women's vice-president, sec
retary, and treasurer. Any member
with a C average is eligible.
Nominations may be made through
the nominating committee (by con
tacting Allie Aitken, Latlirop) or
from the floor.
A Dr. Howard movie, "Over Ski
Tips," will complete the program.
Glass also announced that reser
vations are open for this weekend
at Yosemite. The Ski Club will
have 100 reservations at the valley
every weekend up to and including
April 2, except for Mar. 12-13.
They will be unable, however, to
obtain reservations for the week of
spring vacation. Those wishing to
ski then should write the Yosemite
Park and Curry Co., San Francisco,
tor reservations.
Members skiing at Yosemite are
urged to take advantage of the free
lessons provided by the Ski Club.
Even free T-bar tickets are includ
ed while the student is taking les
sons.
Election of officers for next year
will be the most important business
at the Ski Club meeting tonight at
7:15 in Cubberley Auditorium.
This is the last meeting of the
quarter and will begin promptly at
the scheduled time, President Don
Glass emphasized. Offices open in
clude president, men's vice-presi
dent, women's vice-president, sec
retary, and treasurer. Any member
with a C average is eligible.
Nominations may be made through
the nominating committee (by con
tacting Allie Aitken, Latlirop) or
from the floor.
A Dr. Howard movie, "Over Ski
Tips," will complete the program.
Glass also announced that reser
vations are open for this weekend
at Yosemite. The Ski Club will
have 100 reservations at the valley
every weekend up to and including
April 2, except for Mar. 12-13.
They will be unable, however, to
obtain reservations for the week of
spring vacation. Those wishing to
ski then should write the Yosemite
Park and Curry Co., San Francisco,
tor reservations.
Members skiing at Yosemite are
urged to take advantage of the free
lessons provided by the Ski Club.
Even free T-bar tickets are includ
ed while the student is taking les
sons.
Election of officers for next year
will be the most important business
at the Ski Club meeting tonight at
7:15 in Cubberley Auditorium.
This is the last meeting of the
quarter and will begin promptly at
the scheduled time, President Don
Glass emphasized. Offices open in
clude president, men's vice-presi
dent, women's vice-president, sec
retary, and treasurer. Any member
with a C average is eligible.
Nominations may be made through
the nominating committee (by con
tacting Allie Aitken, Latlirop) or
from the floor.
A Dr. Howard movie, "Over Ski
Tips," will complete the program.
Glass also announced that reser
vations are open for this weekend
at Yosemite. The Ski Club will
have 100 reservations at the valley
every weekend up to and including
April 2, except for Mar. 12-13.
They will be unable, however, to
obtain reservations for the week of
spring vacation. Those wishing to
ski then should write the Yosemite
Park and Curry Co., San Francisco,
tor reservations.
Members skiing at Yosemite are
urged to take advantage of the free
lessons provided by the Ski Club.
Even free T-bar tickets are includ
ed while the student is taking les
sons.
Election of officers for next year
will be the most important business
at the Ski Club meeting tonight at
7:15 in Cubberley Auditorium.
This is the last meeting of the
quarter and will begin promptly at
the scheduled time, President Don
Glass emphasized. Offices open in
clude president, men's vice-presi
dent, women's vice-president, sec
retary, and treasurer. Any member
with a C average is eligible.
Nominations may be made through
the nominating committee (by con
tacting Allie Aitken, Latlirop) or
from the floor.
A Dr. Howard movie, "Over Ski
Tips," will complete the program.
Glass also announced that reser
vations are open for this weekend
at Yosemite. The Ski Club will
have 100 reservations at the valley
every weekend up to and including
April 2, except for Mar. 12-13.
They will be unable, however, to
obtain reservations for the week of
spring vacation. Those wishing to
ski then should write the Yosemite
Park and Curry Co., San Francisco,
tor reservations.
Members skiing at Yosemite are
urged to take advantage of the free
lessons provided by the Ski Club.
Even free T-bar tickets are includ
ed while the student is taking les
sons.
Election of officers for next year
will be the most important business
at the Ski Club meeting tonight at
7:15 in Cubberley Auditorium.
This is the last meeting of the
quarter and will begin promptly at
the scheduled time, President Don
Glass emphasized. Offices open in
clude president, men's vice-presi
dent, women's vice-president, sec
retary, and treasurer. Any member
with a C average is eligible.
Nominations may be made through
the nominating committee (by con
tacting Allie Aitken, Latlirop) or
from the floor.
A Dr. Howard movie, "Over Ski
Tips," will complete the program.
Glass also announced that reser
vations are open for this weekend
at Yosemite. The Ski Club will
have 100 reservations at the valley
every weekend up to and including
April 2, except for Mar. 12-13.
They will be unable, however, to
obtain reservations for the week of
spring vacation. Those wishing to
ski then should write the Yosemite
Park and Curry Co., San Francisco,
tor reservations.
Members skiing at Yosemite are
urged to take advantage of the free
lessons provided by the Ski Club.
Even free T-bar tickets are includ
ed while the student is taking les
sons.
Election of officers for next year
will be the most important business
at the Ski Club meeting tonight at
7:15 in Cubberley Auditorium.
This is the last meeting of the
quarter and will begin promptly at
the scheduled time, President Don
Glass emphasized. Offices open in
clude president, men's vice-presi
dent, women's vice-president, sec
retary, and treasurer. Any member
with a C average is eligible.
Nominations may be made through
the nominating committee (by con
tacting Allie Aitken, Latlirop) or
from the floor.
A Dr. Howard movie, "Over Ski
Tips," will complete the program.
Glass also announced that reser
vations are open for this weekend
at Yosemite. The Ski Club will
have 100 reservations at the valley
every weekend up to and including
April 2, except for Mar. 12-13.
They will be unable, however, to
obtain reservations for the week of
spring vacation. Those wishing to
ski then should write the Yosemite
Park and Curry Co., San Francisco,
tor reservations.
Members skiing at Yosemite are
urged to take advantage of the free
lessons provided by the Ski Club.
Even free T-bar tickets are includ
ed while the student is taking les
sons.
Election of officers for next year
will be the most important business
at the Ski Club meeting tonight at
7:15 in Cubberley Auditorium.
This is the last meeting of the
quarter and will begin promptly at
the scheduled time, President Don
Glass emphasized. Offices open in
clude president, men's vice-presi
dent, women's vice-president, sec
retary, and treasurer. Any member
with a C average is eligible.
Nominations may be made through
the nominating committee (by con
tacting Allie Aitken, Latlirop) or
from the floor.
A Dr. Howard movie, "Over Ski
Tips," will complete the program.
Glass also announced that reser
vations are open for this weekend
at Yosemite. The Ski Club will
have 100 reservations at the valley
every weekend up to and including
April 2, except for Mar. 12-13.
They will be unable, however, to
obtain reservations for the week of
spring vacation. Those wishing to
ski then should write the Yosemite
Park and Curry Co., San Francisco,
tor reservations.
Members skiing at Yosemite are
urged to take advantage of the free
lessons provided by the Ski Club.
Even free T-bar tickets are includ
ed while the student is taking les
sons.
Election of officers for next year
will be the most important business
at the Ski Club meeting tonight at
7:15 in Cubberley Auditorium.
This is the last meeting of the
quarter and will begin promptly at
the scheduled time, President Don
Glass emphasized. Offices open in
clude president, men's vice-presi
dent, women's vice-president, sec
retary, and treasurer. Any member
with a C average is eligible.
Nominations may be made through
the nominating committee (by con
tacting Allie Aitken, Latlirop) or
from the floor.
A Dr. Howard movie, "Over Ski
Tips," will complete the program.
Glass also announced that reser
vations are open for this weekend
at Yosemite. The Ski Club will
have 100 reservations at the valley
every weekend up to and including
April 2, except for Mar. 12-13.
They will be unable, however, to
obtain reservations for the week of
spring vacation. Those wishing to
ski then should write the Yosemite
Park and Curry Co., San Francisco,
tor reservations.
Members skiing at Yosemite are
urged to take advantage of the free
lessons provided by the Ski Club.
Even free T-bar tickets are includ
ed while the student is taking les
sons.
Election of officers for next year
will be the most important business
at the Ski Club meeting tonight at
7:15 in Cubberley Auditorium.
This is the last meeting of the
quarter and will begin promptly at
the scheduled time, President Don
Glass emphasized. Offices open in
clude president, men's vice-presi
dent, women's vice-president, sec
retary, and treasurer. Any member
with a C average is eligible.
Nominations may be made through
the nominating committee (by con
tacting Allie Aitken, Latlirop) or
from the floor.
A Dr. Howard movie, "Over Ski
Tips," will complete the program.
Glass also announced that reser
vations are open for this weekend
at Yosemite. The Ski Club will
have 100 reservations at the valley
every weekend up to and including
April 2, except for Mar. 12-13.
They will be unable, however, to
obtain reservations for the week of
spring vacation. Those wishing to
ski then should write the Yosemite
Park and Curry Co., San Francisco,
tor reservations.
Members skiing at Yosemite are
urged to take advantage of the free
lessons provided by the Ski Club.
Even free T-bar tickets are includ
ed while the student is taking les
sons.
Election of officers for next year
will be the most important business
at the Ski Club meeting tonight at
7:15 in Cubberley Auditorium.
This is the last meeting of the
quarter and will begin promptly at
the scheduled time, President Don
Glass emphasized. Offices open in
clude president, men's vice-presi
dent, women's vice-president, sec
retary, and treasurer. Any member
with a C average is eligible.
Nominations may be made through
the nominating committee (by con
tacting Allie Aitken, Latlirop) or
from the floor.
A Dr. Howard movie, "Over Ski
Tips," will complete the program.
Glass also announced that reser
vations are open for this weekend
at Yosemite. The Ski Club will
have 100 reservations at the valley
every weekend up to and including
April 2, except for Mar. 12-13.
They will be unable, however, to
obtain reservations for the week of
spring vacation. Those wishing to
ski then should write the Yosemite
Park and Curry Co., San Francisco,
tor reservations.
Members skiing at Yosemite are
urged to take advantage of the free
lessons provided by the Ski Club.
Even free T-bar tickets are includ
ed while the student is taking les
sons.
Election of officers for next year
will be the most important business
at the Ski Club meeting tonight at
7:15 in Cubberley Auditorium.
This is the last meeting of the
quarter and will begin promptly at
the scheduled time, President Don
Glass emphasized. Offices open in
clude president, men's vice-presi
dent, women's vice-president, sec
retary, and treasurer. Any member
with a C average is eligible.
Nominations may be made through
the nominating committee (by con
tacting Allie Aitken, Latlirop) or
from the floor.
A Dr. Howard movie, "Over Ski
Tips," will complete the program.
Glass also announced that reser
vations are open for this weekend
at Yosemite. The Ski Club will
have 100 reservations at the valley
every weekend up to and including
April 2, except for Mar. 12-13.
They will be unable, however, to
obtain reservations for the week of
spring vacation. Those wishing to
ski then should write the Yosemite
Park and Curry Co., San Francisco,
tor reservations.
Members skiing at Yosemite are
urged to take advantage of the free
lessons provided by the Ski Club.
Even free T-bar tickets are includ
ed while the student is taking les
sons.
Election of officers for next year
will be the most important business
at the Ski Club meeting tonight at
7:15 in Cubberley Auditorium.
This is the last meeting of the
quarter and will begin promptly at
the scheduled time, President Don
Glass emphasized. Offices open in
clude president, men's vice-presi
dent, women's vice-president, sec
retary, and treasurer. Any member
with a C average is eligible.
Nominations may be made through
the nominating committee (by con
tacting Allie Aitken, Latlirop) or
from the floor.
A Dr. Howard movie, "Over Ski
Tips," will complete the program.
Glass also announced that reser
vations are open for this weekend
at Yosemite. The Ski Club will
have 100 reservations at the valley
every weekend up to and including
April 2, except for Mar. 12-13.
They will be unable, however, to
obtain reservations for the week of
spring vacation. Those wishing to
ski then should write the Yosemite
Park and Curry Co., San Francisco,
tor reservations.
Members skiing at Yosemite are
urged to take advantage of the free
lessons provided by the Ski Club.
Even free T-bar tickets are includ
ed while the student is taking les
sons.
Election of officers for next year
will be the most important business
at the Ski Club meeting tonight at
7:15 in Cubberley Auditorium.
This is the last meeting of the
quarter and will begin promptly at
the scheduled time, President Don
Glass emphasized. Offices open in
clude president, men's vice-presi
dent, women's vice-president, sec
retary, and treasurer. Any member
with a C average is eligible.
Nominations may be made through
the nominating committee (by con
tacting Allie Aitken, Latlirop) or
from the floor.
A Dr. Howard movie, "Over Ski
Tips," will complete the program.
Glass also announced that reser
vations are open for this weekend
at Yosemite. The Ski Club will
have 100 reservations at the valley
every weekend up to and including
April 2, except for Mar. 12-13.
They will be unable, however, to
obtain reservations for the week of
spring vacation. Those wishing to
ski then should write the Yosemite
Park and Curry Co., San Francisco,
tor reservations.
Members skiing at Yosemite are
urged to take advantage of the free
lessons provided by the Ski Club.
Even free T-bar tickets are includ
ed while the student is taking les
sons.
