# Untitled Article
## 
### 

KATHLEEN NORRIS, prominent local authoress (center), shown with
Joan Maxwell, Stanford Red Cross drive chairman, and Barbara Leh,
cnunittee treasurer, conferred Thursday with National Red Cross rep
resentatives.

KATHLEEN NORRIS, prominent local authoress (center), shown with
Joan Maxwell, Stanford Red Cross drive chairman, and Barbara Leh,
cnunittee treasurer, conferred Thursday with National Red Cross rep
resentatives.

KATHLEEN NORRIS, prominent local authoress (center), shown with
Joan Maxwell, Stanford Red Cross drive chairman, and Barbara Leh,
cnunittee treasurer, conferred Thursday with National Red Cross rep
resentatives.

KATHLEEN NORRIS, prominent local authoress (center), shown with
Joan Maxwell, Stanford Red Cross drive chairman, and Barbara Leh,
cnunittee treasurer, conferred Thursday with National Red Cross rep
resentatives.

KATHLEEN NORRIS, prominent local authoress (center), shown with
Joan Maxwell, Stanford Red Cross drive chairman, and Barbara Leh,
cnunittee treasurer, conferred Thursday with National Red Cross rep
resentatives.

KATHLEEN NORRIS, prominent local authoress (center), shown with
Joan Maxwell, Stanford Red Cross drive chairman, and Barbara Leh,
cnunittee treasurer, conferred Thursday with National Red Cross rep
resentatives.

KATHLEEN NORRIS, prominent local authoress (center), shown with
Joan Maxwell, Stanford Red Cross drive chairman, and Barbara Leh,
cnunittee treasurer, conferred Thursday with National Red Cross rep
resentatives.

KATHLEEN NORRIS, prominent local authoress (center), shown with
Joan Maxwell, Stanford Red Cross drive chairman, and Barbara Leh,
cnunittee treasurer, conferred Thursday with National Red Cross rep
resentatives.

KATHLEEN NORRIS, prominent local authoress (center), shown with
Joan Maxwell, Stanford Red Cross drive chairman, and Barbara Leh,
cnunittee treasurer, conferred Thursday with National Red Cross rep
resentatives.

KATHLEEN NORRIS, prominent local authoress (center), shown with
Joan Maxwell, Stanford Red Cross drive chairman, and Barbara Leh,
cnunittee treasurer, conferred Thursday with National Red Cross rep
resentatives.

KATHLEEN NORRIS, prominent local authoress (center), shown with
Joan Maxwell, Stanford Red Cross drive chairman, and Barbara Leh,
cnunittee treasurer, conferred Thursday with National Red Cross rep
resentatives.

KATHLEEN NORRIS, prominent local authoress (center), shown with
Joan Maxwell, Stanford Red Cross drive chairman, and Barbara Leh,
cnunittee treasurer, conferred Thursday with National Red Cross rep
resentatives.

KATHLEEN NORRIS, prominent local authoress (center), shown with
Joan Maxwell, Stanford Red Cross drive chairman, and Barbara Leh,
cnunittee treasurer, conferred Thursday with National Red Cross rep
resentatives.

KATHLEEN NORRIS, prominent local authoress (center), shown with
Joan Maxwell, Stanford Red Cross drive chairman, and Barbara Leh,
cnunittee treasurer, conferred Thursday with National Red Cross rep
resentatives.

KATHLEEN NORRIS, prominent local authoress (center), shown with
Joan Maxwell, Stanford Red Cross drive chairman, and Barbara Leh,
cnunittee treasurer, conferred Thursday with National Red Cross rep
resentatives.
