# Adv. 10 Page 3
## 
### 
jp ——-—— m ———"
Why am I happy? Why am I not blue?
Cause I've found the place I've always
wanted to,
A place that serves good food, where
rates are low.
If you know what's what, that's where
you'll go.
THE STANFORD UNION
DINING ROOM
ON THE CAMPUS FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE
Open Priccs
12—1 Lunches— 50c
6-7 Dinners—6oe
jp ——-—— m ———"
Why am I happy? Why am I not blue?
Cause I've found the place I've always
wanted to,
A place that serves good food, where
rates are low.
If you know what's what, that's where
you'll go.
THE STANFORD UNION
DINING ROOM
ON THE CAMPUS FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE
Open Priccs
12—1 Lunches— 50c
6-7 Dinners—6oe
jp ——-—— m ———"
Why am I happy? Why am I not blue?
Cause I've found the place I've always
wanted to,
A place that serves good food, where
rates are low.
If you know what's what, that's where
you'll go.
THE STANFORD UNION
DINING ROOM
ON THE CAMPUS FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE
Open Priccs
12—1 Lunches— 50c
6-7 Dinners—6oe
jp ——-—— m ———"
Why am I happy? Why am I not blue?
Cause I've found the place I've always
wanted to,
A place that serves good food, where
rates are low.
If you know what's what, that's where
you'll go.
THE STANFORD UNION
DINING ROOM
ON THE CAMPUS FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE
Open Priccs
12—1 Lunches— 50c
6-7 Dinners—6oe
jp ——-—— m ———"
Why am I happy? Why am I not blue?
Cause I've found the place I've always
wanted to,
A place that serves good food, where
rates are low.
If you know what's what, that's where
you'll go.
THE STANFORD UNION
DINING ROOM
ON THE CAMPUS FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE
Open Priccs
12—1 Lunches— 50c
6-7 Dinners—6oe
jp ——-—— m ———"
Why am I happy? Why am I not blue?
Cause I've found the place I've always
wanted to,
A place that serves good food, where
rates are low.
If you know what's what, that's where
you'll go.
THE STANFORD UNION
DINING ROOM
ON THE CAMPUS FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE
Open Priccs
12—1 Lunches— 50c
6-7 Dinners—6oe
jp ——-—— m ———"
Why am I happy? Why am I not blue?
Cause I've found the place I've always
wanted to,
A place that serves good food, where
rates are low.
If you know what's what, that's where
you'll go.
THE STANFORD UNION
DINING ROOM
ON THE CAMPUS FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE
Open Priccs
12—1 Lunches— 50c
6-7 Dinners—6oe
jp ——-—— m ———"
Why am I happy? Why am I not blue?
Cause I've found the place I've always
wanted to,
A place that serves good food, where
rates are low.
If you know what's what, that's where
you'll go.
THE STANFORD UNION
DINING ROOM
ON THE CAMPUS FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE
Open Priccs
12—1 Lunches— 50c
6-7 Dinners—6oe
jp ——-—— m ———"
Why am I happy? Why am I not blue?
Cause I've found the place I've always
wanted to,
A place that serves good food, where
rates are low.
If you know what's what, that's where
you'll go.
THE STANFORD UNION
DINING ROOM
ON THE CAMPUS FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE
Open Priccs
12—1 Lunches— 50c
6-7 Dinners—6oe
jp ——-—— m ———"
Why am I happy? Why am I not blue?
Cause I've found the place I've always
wanted to,
A place that serves good food, where
rates are low.
If you know what's what, that's where
you'll go.
THE STANFORD UNION
DINING ROOM
ON THE CAMPUS FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE
Open Priccs
12—1 Lunches— 50c
6-7 Dinners—6oe
jp ——-—— m ———"
Why am I happy? Why am I not blue?
Cause I've found the place I've always
wanted to,
A place that serves good food, where
rates are low.
If you know what's what, that's where
you'll go.
THE STANFORD UNION
DINING ROOM
ON THE CAMPUS FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE
Open Priccs
12—1 Lunches— 50c
6-7 Dinners—6oe
jp ——-—— m ———"
Why am I happy? Why am I not blue?
Cause I've found the place I've always
wanted to,
A place that serves good food, where
rates are low.
If you know what's what, that's where
you'll go.
THE STANFORD UNION
DINING ROOM
ON THE CAMPUS FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE
Open Priccs
12—1 Lunches— 50c
6-7 Dinners—6oe
jp ——-—— m ———"
Why am I happy? Why am I not blue?
Cause I've found the place I've always
wanted to,
A place that serves good food, where
rates are low.
If you know what's what, that's where
you'll go.
THE STANFORD UNION
DINING ROOM
ON THE CAMPUS FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE
Open Priccs
12—1 Lunches— 50c
6-7 Dinners—6oe
jp ——-—— m ———"
Why am I happy? Why am I not blue?
Cause I've found the place I've always
wanted to,
A place that serves good food, where
rates are low.
If you know what's what, that's where
you'll go.
THE STANFORD UNION
DINING ROOM
ON THE CAMPUS FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE
Open Priccs
12—1 Lunches— 50c
6-7 Dinners—6oe
jp ——-—— m ———"
Why am I happy? Why am I not blue?
Cause I've found the place I've always
wanted to,
A place that serves good food, where
rates are low.
If you know what's what, that's where
you'll go.
THE STANFORD UNION
DINING ROOM
ON THE CAMPUS FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE
Open Priccs
12—1 Lunches— 50c
6-7 Dinners—6oe
