# DECATHLON TO BEGIN MONDAY
## 
### 
The three-day schedule of events
in the second annual decathlon will
get under way next Monday. All
entries must be signed up on the
bulletin board in the Encina gym by
Friday evening. Will Hancock, man
ager of the meet, yesterday an
nounced that Dinty Moore, Bones
Hamilton, Ken Steckler, and Wally
Griswold would be his assistants.
Along with the naming of his as
sistants Hancock also stated that
three prizes will be offered, the
same as last year. A silver trophy
donated by the Stanford Daily will
be presented to the house or living
group gathering the most points, an
other trophy will go to the individ
ual, and a third, a perpetual cup,
will have the winner's name placed
on it and will be in the trophy room
of the gym.
The three-day schedule of events
in the second annual decathlon will
get under way next Monday. All
entries must be signed up on the
bulletin board in the Encina gym by
Friday evening. Will Hancock, man
ager of the meet, yesterday an
nounced that Dinty Moore, Bones
Hamilton, Ken Steckler, and Wally
Griswold would be his assistants.
Along with the naming of his as
sistants Hancock also stated that
three prizes will be offered, the
same as last year. A silver trophy
donated by the Stanford Daily will
be presented to the house or living
group gathering the most points, an
other trophy will go to the individ
ual, and a third, a perpetual cup,
will have the winner's name placed
on it and will be in the trophy room
of the gym.
The three-day schedule of events
in the second annual decathlon will
get under way next Monday. All
entries must be signed up on the
bulletin board in the Encina gym by
Friday evening. Will Hancock, man
ager of the meet, yesterday an
nounced that Dinty Moore, Bones
Hamilton, Ken Steckler, and Wally
Griswold would be his assistants.
Along with the naming of his as
sistants Hancock also stated that
three prizes will be offered, the
same as last year. A silver trophy
donated by the Stanford Daily will
be presented to the house or living
group gathering the most points, an
other trophy will go to the individ
ual, and a third, a perpetual cup,
will have the winner's name placed
on it and will be in the trophy room
of the gym.
The three-day schedule of events
in the second annual decathlon will
get under way next Monday. All
entries must be signed up on the
bulletin board in the Encina gym by
Friday evening. Will Hancock, man
ager of the meet, yesterday an
nounced that Dinty Moore, Bones
Hamilton, Ken Steckler, and Wally
Griswold would be his assistants.
Along with the naming of his as
sistants Hancock also stated that
three prizes will be offered, the
same as last year. A silver trophy
donated by the Stanford Daily will
be presented to the house or living
group gathering the most points, an
other trophy will go to the individ
ual, and a third, a perpetual cup,
will have the winner's name placed
on it and will be in the trophy room
of the gym.
The three-day schedule of events
in the second annual decathlon will
get under way next Monday. All
entries must be signed up on the
bulletin board in the Encina gym by
Friday evening. Will Hancock, man
ager of the meet, yesterday an
nounced that Dinty Moore, Bones
Hamilton, Ken Steckler, and Wally
Griswold would be his assistants.
Along with the naming of his as
sistants Hancock also stated that
three prizes will be offered, the
same as last year. A silver trophy
donated by the Stanford Daily will
be presented to the house or living
group gathering the most points, an
other trophy will go to the individ
ual, and a third, a perpetual cup,
will have the winner's name placed
on it and will be in the trophy room
of the gym.
The three-day schedule of events
in the second annual decathlon will
get under way next Monday. All
entries must be signed up on the
bulletin board in the Encina gym by
Friday evening. Will Hancock, man
ager of the meet, yesterday an
nounced that Dinty Moore, Bones
Hamilton, Ken Steckler, and Wally
Griswold would be his assistants.
Along with the naming of his as
sistants Hancock also stated that
three prizes will be offered, the
same as last year. A silver trophy
donated by the Stanford Daily will
be presented to the house or living
group gathering the most points, an
other trophy will go to the individ
ual, and a third, a perpetual cup,
will have the winner's name placed
on it and will be in the trophy room
of the gym.
The three-day schedule of events
in the second annual decathlon will
get under way next Monday. All
entries must be signed up on the
bulletin board in the Encina gym by
Friday evening. Will Hancock, man
ager of the meet, yesterday an
nounced that Dinty Moore, Bones
Hamilton, Ken Steckler, and Wally
Griswold would be his assistants.
Along with the naming of his as
sistants Hancock also stated that
three prizes will be offered, the
same as last year. A silver trophy
donated by the Stanford Daily will
be presented to the house or living
group gathering the most points, an
other trophy will go to the individ
ual, and a third, a perpetual cup,
will have the winner's name placed
on it and will be in the trophy room
of the gym.
The three-day schedule of events
in the second annual decathlon will
get under way next Monday. All
entries must be signed up on the
bulletin board in the Encina gym by
Friday evening. Will Hancock, man
ager of the meet, yesterday an
nounced that Dinty Moore, Bones
Hamilton, Ken Steckler, and Wally
Griswold would be his assistants.
Along with the naming of his as
sistants Hancock also stated that
three prizes will be offered, the
same as last year. A silver trophy
donated by the Stanford Daily will
be presented to the house or living
group gathering the most points, an
other trophy will go to the individ
ual, and a third, a perpetual cup,
will have the winner's name placed
on it and will be in the trophy room
of the gym.
The three-day schedule of events
in the second annual decathlon will
get under way next Monday. All
entries must be signed up on the
bulletin board in the Encina gym by
Friday evening. Will Hancock, man
ager of the meet, yesterday an
nounced that Dinty Moore, Bones
Hamilton, Ken Steckler, and Wally
Griswold would be his assistants.
Along with the naming of his as
sistants Hancock also stated that
three prizes will be offered, the
same as last year. A silver trophy
donated by the Stanford Daily will
be presented to the house or living
group gathering the most points, an
other trophy will go to the individ
ual, and a third, a perpetual cup,
will have the winner's name placed
on it and will be in the trophy room
of the gym.
The three-day schedule of events
in the second annual decathlon will
get under way next Monday. All
entries must be signed up on the
bulletin board in the Encina gym by
Friday evening. Will Hancock, man
ager of the meet, yesterday an
nounced that Dinty Moore, Bones
Hamilton, Ken Steckler, and Wally
Griswold would be his assistants.
Along with the naming of his as
sistants Hancock also stated that
three prizes will be offered, the
same as last year. A silver trophy
donated by the Stanford Daily will
be presented to the house or living
group gathering the most points, an
other trophy will go to the individ
ual, and a third, a perpetual cup,
will have the winner's name placed
on it and will be in the trophy room
of the gym.
The three-day schedule of events
in the second annual decathlon will
get under way next Monday. All
entries must be signed up on the
bulletin board in the Encina gym by
Friday evening. Will Hancock, man
ager of the meet, yesterday an
nounced that Dinty Moore, Bones
Hamilton, Ken Steckler, and Wally
Griswold would be his assistants.
Along with the naming of his as
sistants Hancock also stated that
three prizes will be offered, the
same as last year. A silver trophy
donated by the Stanford Daily will
be presented to the house or living
group gathering the most points, an
other trophy will go to the individ
ual, and a third, a perpetual cup,
will have the winner's name placed
on it and will be in the trophy room
of the gym.
The three-day schedule of events
in the second annual decathlon will
get under way next Monday. All
entries must be signed up on the
bulletin board in the Encina gym by
Friday evening. Will Hancock, man
ager of the meet, yesterday an
nounced that Dinty Moore, Bones
Hamilton, Ken Steckler, and Wally
Griswold would be his assistants.
Along with the naming of his as
sistants Hancock also stated that
three prizes will be offered, the
same as last year. A silver trophy
donated by the Stanford Daily will
be presented to the house or living
group gathering the most points, an
other trophy will go to the individ
ual, and a third, a perpetual cup,
will have the winner's name placed
on it and will be in the trophy room
of the gym.
The three-day schedule of events
in the second annual decathlon will
get under way next Monday. All
entries must be signed up on the
bulletin board in the Encina gym by
Friday evening. Will Hancock, man
ager of the meet, yesterday an
nounced that Dinty Moore, Bones
Hamilton, Ken Steckler, and Wally
Griswold would be his assistants.
Along with the naming of his as
sistants Hancock also stated that
three prizes will be offered, the
same as last year. A silver trophy
donated by the Stanford Daily will
be presented to the house or living
group gathering the most points, an
other trophy will go to the individ
ual, and a third, a perpetual cup,
will have the winner's name placed
on it and will be in the trophy room
of the gym.
The three-day schedule of events
in the second annual decathlon will
get under way next Monday. All
entries must be signed up on the
bulletin board in the Encina gym by
Friday evening. Will Hancock, man
ager of the meet, yesterday an
nounced that Dinty Moore, Bones
Hamilton, Ken Steckler, and Wally
Griswold would be his assistants.
Along with the naming of his as
sistants Hancock also stated that
three prizes will be offered, the
same as last year. A silver trophy
donated by the Stanford Daily will
be presented to the house or living
group gathering the most points, an
other trophy will go to the individ
ual, and a third, a perpetual cup,
will have the winner's name placed
on it and will be in the trophy room
of the gym.
The three-day schedule of events
in the second annual decathlon will
get under way next Monday. All
entries must be signed up on the
bulletin board in the Encina gym by
Friday evening. Will Hancock, man
ager of the meet, yesterday an
nounced that Dinty Moore, Bones
Hamilton, Ken Steckler, and Wally
Griswold would be his assistants.
Along with the naming of his as
sistants Hancock also stated that
three prizes will be offered, the
same as last year. A silver trophy
donated by the Stanford Daily will
be presented to the house or living
group gathering the most points, an
other trophy will go to the individ
ual, and a third, a perpetual cup,
will have the winner's name placed
on it and will be in the trophy room
of the gym.
