# Lagunita Plans Outdoor Dance
## 
### 
Breaking into the realm of origi
nality, members of Lagunita are
planning what they call a "street
jolly-up" Wednesday night from 7
to 8 o'clock.
This is the first time such an out
door dance will be attempted. The
dance will be held in the open
parking space in front of Lagunita.
It is planned to make the affair an
annual one.
Eddie Stirm and his orchestra will
play. They will also provide a pub
lic address system so that the music
may be heard by all. Decorations
will consist, of soft colored flood
lights.
Peggy Place is chairman of the
jolly-up committee. Serving with
her are Virginia Hawkes, Mary
Lazzarone, and Virginia Wilhelm.
Men from all the fraternities and
halls are invited.
