# Adv. 7 Page 2
## 
### 
Look to
P-T
for
corduroy
in
SUITS
in
SLACKS
in
SPORT
COATS
Get your share of
the fun of wearing
this traditional Ivy,
suburban fashion
wherever you would
wear sport clothes, in
adobe tan, or sage
green.
Authentic Natural
Shoulder
Jacket
17.95
Traditional, pi eat less
Ivy Slacks
7.95
Phelps
\er^el
v
Look to
P-T
for
corduroy
in
SUITS
in
SLACKS
in
SPORT
COATS
Get your share of
the fun of wearing
this traditional Ivy,
suburban fashion
wherever you would
wear sport clothes, in
adobe tan, or sage
green.
Authentic Natural
Shoulder
Jacket
17.95
Traditional, pi eat less
Ivy Slacks
7.95
Phelps
\er^el
v
Look to
P-T
for
corduroy
in
SUITS
in
SLACKS
in
SPORT
COATS
Get your share of
the fun of wearing
this traditional Ivy,
suburban fashion
wherever you would
wear sport clothes, in
adobe tan, or sage
green.
Authentic Natural
Shoulder
Jacket
17.95
Traditional, pi eat less
Ivy Slacks
7.95
Phelps
\er^el
v
Look to
P-T
for
corduroy
in
SUITS
in
SLACKS
in
SPORT
COATS
Get your share of
the fun of wearing
this traditional Ivy,
suburban fashion
wherever you would
wear sport clothes, in
adobe tan, or sage
green.
Authentic Natural
Shoulder
Jacket
17.95
Traditional, pi eat less
Ivy Slacks
7.95
Phelps
\er^el
v
Look to
P-T
for
corduroy
in
SUITS
in
SLACKS
in
SPORT
COATS
Get your share of
the fun of wearing
this traditional Ivy,
suburban fashion
wherever you would
wear sport clothes, in
adobe tan, or sage
green.
Authentic Natural
Shoulder
Jacket
17.95
Traditional, pi eat less
Ivy Slacks
7.95
Phelps
\er^el
v
Look to
P-T
for
corduroy
in
SUITS
in
SLACKS
in
SPORT
COATS
Get your share of
the fun of wearing
this traditional Ivy,
suburban fashion
wherever you would
wear sport clothes, in
adobe tan, or sage
green.
Authentic Natural
Shoulder
Jacket
17.95
Traditional, pi eat less
Ivy Slacks
7.95
Phelps
\er^el
v
Look to
P-T
for
corduroy
in
SUITS
in
SLACKS
in
SPORT
COATS
Get your share of
the fun of wearing
this traditional Ivy,
suburban fashion
wherever you would
wear sport clothes, in
adobe tan, or sage
green.
Authentic Natural
Shoulder
Jacket
17.95
Traditional, pi eat less
Ivy Slacks
7.95
Phelps
\er^el
v
Look to
P-T
for
corduroy
in
SUITS
in
SLACKS
in
SPORT
COATS
Get your share of
the fun of wearing
this traditional Ivy,
suburban fashion
wherever you would
wear sport clothes, in
adobe tan, or sage
green.
Authentic Natural
Shoulder
Jacket
17.95
Traditional, pi eat less
Ivy Slacks
7.95
Phelps
\er^el
v
Look to
P-T
for
corduroy
in
SUITS
in
SLACKS
in
SPORT
COATS
Get your share of
the fun of wearing
this traditional Ivy,
suburban fashion
wherever you would
wear sport clothes, in
adobe tan, or sage
green.
Authentic Natural
Shoulder
Jacket
17.95
Traditional, pi eat less
Ivy Slacks
7.95
Phelps
\er^el
v
Look to
P-T
for
corduroy
in
SUITS
in
SLACKS
in
SPORT
COATS
Get your share of
the fun of wearing
this traditional Ivy,
suburban fashion
wherever you would
wear sport clothes, in
adobe tan, or sage
green.
Authentic Natural
Shoulder
Jacket
17.95
Traditional, pi eat less
Ivy Slacks
7.95
Phelps
\er^el
v
Look to
P-T
for
corduroy
in
SUITS
in
SLACKS
in
SPORT
COATS
Get your share of
the fun of wearing
this traditional Ivy,
suburban fashion
wherever you would
wear sport clothes, in
adobe tan, or sage
green.
Authentic Natural
Shoulder
Jacket
17.95
Traditional, pi eat less
Ivy Slacks
7.95
Phelps
\er^el
v
Look to
P-T
for
corduroy
in
SUITS
in
SLACKS
in
SPORT
COATS
Get your share of
the fun of wearing
this traditional Ivy,
suburban fashion
wherever you would
wear sport clothes, in
adobe tan, or sage
green.
Authentic Natural
Shoulder
Jacket
17.95
Traditional, pi eat less
Ivy Slacks
7.95
Phelps
\er^el
v
Look to
P-T
for
corduroy
in
SUITS
in
SLACKS
in
SPORT
COATS
Get your share of
the fun of wearing
this traditional Ivy,
suburban fashion
wherever you would
wear sport clothes, in
adobe tan, or sage
green.
Authentic Natural
Shoulder
Jacket
17.95
Traditional, pi eat less
Ivy Slacks
7.95
Phelps
\er^el
v
Look to
P-T
for
corduroy
in
SUITS
in
SLACKS
in
SPORT
COATS
Get your share of
the fun of wearing
this traditional Ivy,
suburban fashion
wherever you would
wear sport clothes, in
adobe tan, or sage
green.
Authentic Natural
Shoulder
Jacket
17.95
Traditional, pi eat less
Ivy Slacks
7.95
Phelps
\er^el
v
Look to
P-T
for
corduroy
in
SUITS
in
SLACKS
in
SPORT
COATS
Get your share of
the fun of wearing
this traditional Ivy,
suburban fashion
wherever you would
wear sport clothes, in
adobe tan, or sage
green.
Authentic Natural
Shoulder
Jacket
17.95
Traditional, pi eat less
Ivy Slacks
7.95
Phelps
\er^el
v
Look to
P-T
for
corduroy
in
SUITS
in
SLACKS
in
SPORT
COATS
Get your share of
the fun of wearing
this traditional Ivy,
suburban fashion
wherever you would
wear sport clothes, in
adobe tan, or sage
green.
Authentic Natural
Shoulder
Jacket
17.95
Traditional, pi eat less
Ivy Slacks
7.95
Phelps
\er^el
v
