# GOP Candidate To Speak Thursday
## 
### 
Charles Gubser, incumbent Re
publican Congressman from the
10th District, will speak on GOP
campaign issues Thursday night
at 7:30 in Cubberley Auditorium.
Gubser will reply to the speech
made last week by his Democrat
ic opponent for the office, Wil
liam Vatch<ar. The meeting will
be sponsored by the Political Un
ion and is open to all students.
Charles Gubser, incumbent Re
publican Congressman from the
10th District, will speak on GOP
campaign issues Thursday night
at 7:30 in Cubberley Auditorium.
Gubser will reply to the speech
made last week by his Democrat
ic opponent for the office, Wil
liam Vatch<ar. The meeting will
be sponsored by the Political Un
ion and is open to all students.
Charles Gubser, incumbent Re
publican Congressman from the
10th District, will speak on GOP
campaign issues Thursday night
at 7:30 in Cubberley Auditorium.
Gubser will reply to the speech
made last week by his Democrat
ic opponent for the office, Wil
liam Vatch<ar. The meeting will
be sponsored by the Political Un
ion and is open to all students.
Charles Gubser, incumbent Re
publican Congressman from the
10th District, will speak on GOP
campaign issues Thursday night
at 7:30 in Cubberley Auditorium.
Gubser will reply to the speech
made last week by his Democrat
ic opponent for the office, Wil
liam Vatch<ar. The meeting will
be sponsored by the Political Un
ion and is open to all students.
Charles Gubser, incumbent Re
publican Congressman from the
10th District, will speak on GOP
campaign issues Thursday night
at 7:30 in Cubberley Auditorium.
Gubser will reply to the speech
made last week by his Democrat
ic opponent for the office, Wil
liam Vatch<ar. The meeting will
be sponsored by the Political Un
ion and is open to all students.
Charles Gubser, incumbent Re
publican Congressman from the
10th District, will speak on GOP
campaign issues Thursday night
at 7:30 in Cubberley Auditorium.
Gubser will reply to the speech
made last week by his Democrat
ic opponent for the office, Wil
liam Vatch<ar. The meeting will
be sponsored by the Political Un
ion and is open to all students.
Charles Gubser, incumbent Re
publican Congressman from the
10th District, will speak on GOP
campaign issues Thursday night
at 7:30 in Cubberley Auditorium.
Gubser will reply to the speech
made last week by his Democrat
ic opponent for the office, Wil
liam Vatch<ar. The meeting will
be sponsored by the Political Un
ion and is open to all students.
Charles Gubser, incumbent Re
publican Congressman from the
10th District, will speak on GOP
campaign issues Thursday night
at 7:30 in Cubberley Auditorium.
Gubser will reply to the speech
made last week by his Democrat
ic opponent for the office, Wil
liam Vatch<ar. The meeting will
be sponsored by the Political Un
ion and is open to all students.
Charles Gubser, incumbent Re
publican Congressman from the
10th District, will speak on GOP
campaign issues Thursday night
at 7:30 in Cubberley Auditorium.
Gubser will reply to the speech
made last week by his Democrat
ic opponent for the office, Wil
liam Vatch<ar. The meeting will
be sponsored by the Political Un
ion and is open to all students.
Charles Gubser, incumbent Re
publican Congressman from the
10th District, will speak on GOP
campaign issues Thursday night
at 7:30 in Cubberley Auditorium.
Gubser will reply to the speech
made last week by his Democrat
ic opponent for the office, Wil
liam Vatch<ar. The meeting will
be sponsored by the Political Un
ion and is open to all students.
Charles Gubser, incumbent Re
publican Congressman from the
10th District, will speak on GOP
campaign issues Thursday night
at 7:30 in Cubberley Auditorium.
Gubser will reply to the speech
made last week by his Democrat
ic opponent for the office, Wil
liam Vatch<ar. The meeting will
be sponsored by the Political Un
ion and is open to all students.
Charles Gubser, incumbent Re
publican Congressman from the
10th District, will speak on GOP
campaign issues Thursday night
at 7:30 in Cubberley Auditorium.
Gubser will reply to the speech
made last week by his Democrat
ic opponent for the office, Wil
liam Vatch<ar. The meeting will
be sponsored by the Political Un
ion and is open to all students.
Charles Gubser, incumbent Re
publican Congressman from the
10th District, will speak on GOP
campaign issues Thursday night
at 7:30 in Cubberley Auditorium.
Gubser will reply to the speech
made last week by his Democrat
ic opponent for the office, Wil
liam Vatch<ar. The meeting will
be sponsored by the Political Un
ion and is open to all students.
Charles Gubser, incumbent Re
publican Congressman from the
10th District, will speak on GOP
campaign issues Thursday night
at 7:30 in Cubberley Auditorium.
Gubser will reply to the speech
made last week by his Democrat
ic opponent for the office, Wil
liam Vatch<ar. The meeting will
be sponsored by the Political Un
ion and is open to all students.
Charles Gubser, incumbent Re
publican Congressman from the
10th District, will speak on GOP
campaign issues Thursday night
at 7:30 in Cubberley Auditorium.
Gubser will reply to the speech
made last week by his Democrat
ic opponent for the office, Wil
liam Vatch<ar. The meeting will
be sponsored by the Political Un
ion and is open to all students.
Charles Gubser, incumbent Re
publican Congressman from the
10th District, will speak on GOP
campaign issues Thursday night
at 7:30 in Cubberley Auditorium.
Gubser will reply to the speech
made last week by his Democrat
ic opponent for the office, Wil
liam Vatch<ar. The meeting will
be sponsored by the Political Un
ion and is open to all students.
