# Applications Due For Deferment
## 
### 
Midnight tonight is the post
mark deadline for applications
for the Selective Service College
Qualification Test, which will be
given Nov. 15.
Applications for this and the
April IS, 1057, tests may be ob
tained in the National Service Of
fice, Building 100, Room 101-J.
The present criteria for defer
ment as an undergraduate stu
dent are either a satisfactory
score (70i on the qualification
tost or specified rank among the
male members of the class. This
means the upper half of the
freshman class, the upper two
thirds of the sophomore class or
the upper three - fourths of the
.junior class.
To be eligible to apply for the'
Selective Service tests a student
must intend to request deferment
as a student and must be satisfac
torily pursuing a full-time course
of instruction. It is necessary
also that the student has not pre
viously taken the qualification
test.
Midnight tonight is the post
mark deadline for applications
for the Selective Service College
Qualification Test, which will be
given Nov. 15.
Applications for this and the
April IS, 1057, tests may be ob
tained in the National Service Of
fice, Building 100, Room 101-J.
The present criteria for defer
ment as an undergraduate stu
dent are either a satisfactory
score (70i on the qualification
tost or specified rank among the
male members of the class. This
means the upper half of the
freshman class, the upper two
thirds of the sophomore class or
the upper three - fourths of the
.junior class.
To be eligible to apply for the'
Selective Service tests a student
must intend to request deferment
as a student and must be satisfac
torily pursuing a full-time course
of instruction. It is necessary
also that the student has not pre
viously taken the qualification
test.
Midnight tonight is the post
mark deadline for applications
for the Selective Service College
Qualification Test, which will be
given Nov. 15.
Applications for this and the
April IS, 1057, tests may be ob
tained in the National Service Of
fice, Building 100, Room 101-J.
The present criteria for defer
ment as an undergraduate stu
dent are either a satisfactory
score (70i on the qualification
tost or specified rank among the
male members of the class. This
means the upper half of the
freshman class, the upper two
thirds of the sophomore class or
the upper three - fourths of the
.junior class.
To be eligible to apply for the'
Selective Service tests a student
must intend to request deferment
as a student and must be satisfac
torily pursuing a full-time course
of instruction. It is necessary
also that the student has not pre
viously taken the qualification
test.
Midnight tonight is the post
mark deadline for applications
for the Selective Service College
Qualification Test, which will be
given Nov. 15.
Applications for this and the
April IS, 1057, tests may be ob
tained in the National Service Of
fice, Building 100, Room 101-J.
The present criteria for defer
ment as an undergraduate stu
dent are either a satisfactory
score (70i on the qualification
tost or specified rank among the
male members of the class. This
means the upper half of the
freshman class, the upper two
thirds of the sophomore class or
the upper three - fourths of the
.junior class.
To be eligible to apply for the'
Selective Service tests a student
must intend to request deferment
as a student and must be satisfac
torily pursuing a full-time course
of instruction. It is necessary
also that the student has not pre
viously taken the qualification
test.
Midnight tonight is the post
mark deadline for applications
for the Selective Service College
Qualification Test, which will be
given Nov. 15.
Applications for this and the
April IS, 1057, tests may be ob
tained in the National Service Of
fice, Building 100, Room 101-J.
The present criteria for defer
ment as an undergraduate stu
dent are either a satisfactory
score (70i on the qualification
tost or specified rank among the
male members of the class. This
means the upper half of the
freshman class, the upper two
thirds of the sophomore class or
the upper three - fourths of the
.junior class.
To be eligible to apply for the'
Selective Service tests a student
must intend to request deferment
as a student and must be satisfac
torily pursuing a full-time course
of instruction. It is necessary
also that the student has not pre
viously taken the qualification
test.
Midnight tonight is the post
mark deadline for applications
for the Selective Service College
Qualification Test, which will be
given Nov. 15.
Applications for this and the
April IS, 1057, tests may be ob
tained in the National Service Of
fice, Building 100, Room 101-J.
The present criteria for defer
ment as an undergraduate stu
dent are either a satisfactory
score (70i on the qualification
tost or specified rank among the
male members of the class. This
means the upper half of the
freshman class, the upper two
thirds of the sophomore class or
the upper three - fourths of the
.junior class.
To be eligible to apply for the'
Selective Service tests a student
must intend to request deferment
as a student and must be satisfac
torily pursuing a full-time course
of instruction. It is necessary
also that the student has not pre
viously taken the qualification
test.
Midnight tonight is the post
mark deadline for applications
for the Selective Service College
Qualification Test, which will be
given Nov. 15.
Applications for this and the
April IS, 1057, tests may be ob
tained in the National Service Of
fice, Building 100, Room 101-J.
The present criteria for defer
ment as an undergraduate stu
dent are either a satisfactory
score (70i on the qualification
tost or specified rank among the
male members of the class. This
means the upper half of the
freshman class, the upper two
thirds of the sophomore class or
the upper three - fourths of the
.junior class.
To be eligible to apply for the'
Selective Service tests a student
must intend to request deferment
as a student and must be satisfac
torily pursuing a full-time course
of instruction. It is necessary
also that the student has not pre
viously taken the qualification
test.
Midnight tonight is the post
mark deadline for applications
for the Selective Service College
Qualification Test, which will be
given Nov. 15.
Applications for this and the
April IS, 1057, tests may be ob
tained in the National Service Of
fice, Building 100, Room 101-J.
The present criteria for defer
ment as an undergraduate stu
dent are either a satisfactory
score (70i on the qualification
tost or specified rank among the
male members of the class. This
means the upper half of the
freshman class, the upper two
thirds of the sophomore class or
the upper three - fourths of the
.junior class.
To be eligible to apply for the'
Selective Service tests a student
must intend to request deferment
as a student and must be satisfac
torily pursuing a full-time course
of instruction. It is necessary
also that the student has not pre
viously taken the qualification
test.
Midnight tonight is the post
mark deadline for applications
for the Selective Service College
Qualification Test, which will be
given Nov. 15.
Applications for this and the
April IS, 1057, tests may be ob
tained in the National Service Of
fice, Building 100, Room 101-J.
The present criteria for defer
ment as an undergraduate stu
dent are either a satisfactory
score (70i on the qualification
tost or specified rank among the
male members of the class. This
means the upper half of the
freshman class, the upper two
thirds of the sophomore class or
the upper three - fourths of the
.junior class.
To be eligible to apply for the'
Selective Service tests a student
must intend to request deferment
as a student and must be satisfac
torily pursuing a full-time course
of instruction. It is necessary
also that the student has not pre
viously taken the qualification
test.
Midnight tonight is the post
mark deadline for applications
for the Selective Service College
Qualification Test, which will be
given Nov. 15.
Applications for this and the
April IS, 1057, tests may be ob
tained in the National Service Of
fice, Building 100, Room 101-J.
The present criteria for defer
ment as an undergraduate stu
dent are either a satisfactory
score (70i on the qualification
tost or specified rank among the
male members of the class. This
means the upper half of the
freshman class, the upper two
thirds of the sophomore class or
the upper three - fourths of the
.junior class.
To be eligible to apply for the'
Selective Service tests a student
must intend to request deferment
as a student and must be satisfac
torily pursuing a full-time course
of instruction. It is necessary
also that the student has not pre
viously taken the qualification
test.
Midnight tonight is the post
mark deadline for applications
for the Selective Service College
Qualification Test, which will be
given Nov. 15.
Applications for this and the
April IS, 1057, tests may be ob
tained in the National Service Of
fice, Building 100, Room 101-J.
The present criteria for defer
ment as an undergraduate stu
dent are either a satisfactory
score (70i on the qualification
tost or specified rank among the
male members of the class. This
means the upper half of the
freshman class, the upper two
thirds of the sophomore class or
the upper three - fourths of the
.junior class.
To be eligible to apply for the'
Selective Service tests a student
must intend to request deferment
as a student and must be satisfac
torily pursuing a full-time course
of instruction. It is necessary
also that the student has not pre
viously taken the qualification
test.
Midnight tonight is the post
mark deadline for applications
for the Selective Service College
Qualification Test, which will be
given Nov. 15.
Applications for this and the
April IS, 1057, tests may be ob
tained in the National Service Of
fice, Building 100, Room 101-J.
The present criteria for defer
ment as an undergraduate stu
dent are either a satisfactory
score (70i on the qualification
tost or specified rank among the
male members of the class. This
means the upper half of the
freshman class, the upper two
thirds of the sophomore class or
the upper three - fourths of the
.junior class.
To be eligible to apply for the'
Selective Service tests a student
must intend to request deferment
as a student and must be satisfac
torily pursuing a full-time course
of instruction. It is necessary
also that the student has not pre
viously taken the qualification
test.
Midnight tonight is the post
mark deadline for applications
for the Selective Service College
Qualification Test, which will be
given Nov. 15.
Applications for this and the
April IS, 1057, tests may be ob
tained in the National Service Of
fice, Building 100, Room 101-J.
The present criteria for defer
ment as an undergraduate stu
dent are either a satisfactory
score (70i on the qualification
tost or specified rank among the
male members of the class. This
means the upper half of the
freshman class, the upper two
thirds of the sophomore class or
the upper three - fourths of the
.junior class.
To be eligible to apply for the'
Selective Service tests a student
must intend to request deferment
as a student and must be satisfac
torily pursuing a full-time course
of instruction. It is necessary
also that the student has not pre
viously taken the qualification
test.
Midnight tonight is the post
mark deadline for applications
for the Selective Service College
Qualification Test, which will be
given Nov. 15.
Applications for this and the
April IS, 1057, tests may be ob
tained in the National Service Of
fice, Building 100, Room 101-J.
The present criteria for defer
ment as an undergraduate stu
dent are either a satisfactory
score (70i on the qualification
tost or specified rank among the
male members of the class. This
means the upper half of the
freshman class, the upper two
thirds of the sophomore class or
the upper three - fourths of the
.junior class.
To be eligible to apply for the'
Selective Service tests a student
must intend to request deferment
as a student and must be satisfac
torily pursuing a full-time course
of instruction. It is necessary
also that the student has not pre
viously taken the qualification
test.
Midnight tonight is the post
mark deadline for applications
for the Selective Service College
Qualification Test, which will be
given Nov. 15.
Applications for this and the
April IS, 1057, tests may be ob
tained in the National Service Of
fice, Building 100, Room 101-J.
The present criteria for defer
ment as an undergraduate stu
dent are either a satisfactory
score (70i on the qualification
tost or specified rank among the
male members of the class. This
means the upper half of the
freshman class, the upper two
thirds of the sophomore class or
the upper three - fourths of the
.junior class.
To be eligible to apply for the'
Selective Service tests a student
must intend to request deferment
as a student and must be satisfac
torily pursuing a full-time course
of instruction. It is necessary
also that the student has not pre
viously taken the qualification
test.
Midnight tonight is the post
mark deadline for applications
for the Selective Service College
Qualification Test, which will be
given Nov. 15.
Applications for this and the
April IS, 1057, tests may be ob
tained in the National Service Of
fice, Building 100, Room 101-J.
The present criteria for defer
ment as an undergraduate stu
dent are either a satisfactory
score (70i on the qualification
tost or specified rank among the
male members of the class. This
means the upper half of the
freshman class, the upper two
thirds of the sophomore class or
the upper three - fourths of the
.junior class.
To be eligible to apply for the'
Selective Service tests a student
must intend to request deferment
as a student and must be satisfac
torily pursuing a full-time course
of instruction. It is necessary
also that the student has not pre
viously taken the qualification
test.
