# FATHER GLEASON WILL ADDRESS OPEN MEETING
## 
### 
Father Gleason, of Palo Alto, will
address an open meeting of the .Tuni
pero Serra Clnb Tuesday evening, at 8
o'clock in the Memorial Church on
"Modernism and the Catholic Church."
This will he the first of a series of
four lectures. The public is cordially
invited.
The lecture was scheduled for last
Thursday, but was postponed on ac
count of the lecture the same evening
| by Dr. Jordan.
Father Gleason, of Palo Alto, will
address an open meeting of the .Tuni
pero Serra Clnb Tuesday evening, at 8
o'clock in the Memorial Church on
"Modernism and the Catholic Church."
This will he the first of a series of
four lectures. The public is cordially
invited.
The lecture was scheduled for last
Thursday, but was postponed on ac
count of the lecture the same evening
| by Dr. Jordan.
Father Gleason, of Palo Alto, will
address an open meeting of the .Tuni
pero Serra Clnb Tuesday evening, at 8
o'clock in the Memorial Church on
"Modernism and the Catholic Church."
This will he the first of a series of
four lectures. The public is cordially
invited.
The lecture was scheduled for last
Thursday, but was postponed on ac
count of the lecture the same evening
| by Dr. Jordan.
Father Gleason, of Palo Alto, will
address an open meeting of the .Tuni
pero Serra Clnb Tuesday evening, at 8
o'clock in the Memorial Church on
"Modernism and the Catholic Church."
This will he the first of a series of
four lectures. The public is cordially
invited.
The lecture was scheduled for last
Thursday, but was postponed on ac
count of the lecture the same evening
| by Dr. Jordan.
Father Gleason, of Palo Alto, will
address an open meeting of the .Tuni
pero Serra Clnb Tuesday evening, at 8
o'clock in the Memorial Church on
"Modernism and the Catholic Church."
This will he the first of a series of
four lectures. The public is cordially
invited.
The lecture was scheduled for last
Thursday, but was postponed on ac
count of the lecture the same evening
| by Dr. Jordan.
Father Gleason, of Palo Alto, will
address an open meeting of the .Tuni
pero Serra Clnb Tuesday evening, at 8
o'clock in the Memorial Church on
"Modernism and the Catholic Church."
This will he the first of a series of
four lectures. The public is cordially
invited.
The lecture was scheduled for last
Thursday, but was postponed on ac
count of the lecture the same evening
| by Dr. Jordan.
Father Gleason, of Palo Alto, will
address an open meeting of the .Tuni
pero Serra Clnb Tuesday evening, at 8
o'clock in the Memorial Church on
"Modernism and the Catholic Church."
This will he the first of a series of
four lectures. The public is cordially
invited.
The lecture was scheduled for last
Thursday, but was postponed on ac
count of the lecture the same evening
| by Dr. Jordan.
Father Gleason, of Palo Alto, will
address an open meeting of the .Tuni
pero Serra Clnb Tuesday evening, at 8
o'clock in the Memorial Church on
"Modernism and the Catholic Church."
This will he the first of a series of
four lectures. The public is cordially
invited.
The lecture was scheduled for last
Thursday, but was postponed on ac
count of the lecture the same evening
| by Dr. Jordan.
Father Gleason, of Palo Alto, will
address an open meeting of the .Tuni
pero Serra Clnb Tuesday evening, at 8
o'clock in the Memorial Church on
"Modernism and the Catholic Church."
This will he the first of a series of
four lectures. The public is cordially
invited.
The lecture was scheduled for last
Thursday, but was postponed on ac
count of the lecture the same evening
| by Dr. Jordan.
Father Gleason, of Palo Alto, will
address an open meeting of the .Tuni
pero Serra Clnb Tuesday evening, at 8
o'clock in the Memorial Church on
"Modernism and the Catholic Church."
This will he the first of a series of
four lectures. The public is cordially
invited.
The lecture was scheduled for last
Thursday, but was postponed on ac
count of the lecture the same evening
| by Dr. Jordan.
Father Gleason, of Palo Alto, will
address an open meeting of the .Tuni
pero Serra Clnb Tuesday evening, at 8
o'clock in the Memorial Church on
"Modernism and the Catholic Church."
This will he the first of a series of
four lectures. The public is cordially
invited.
The lecture was scheduled for last
Thursday, but was postponed on ac
count of the lecture the same evening
| by Dr. Jordan.
Father Gleason, of Palo Alto, will
address an open meeting of the .Tuni
pero Serra Clnb Tuesday evening, at 8
o'clock in the Memorial Church on
"Modernism and the Catholic Church."
This will he the first of a series of
four lectures. The public is cordially
invited.
The lecture was scheduled for last
Thursday, but was postponed on ac
count of the lecture the same evening
| by Dr. Jordan.
Father Gleason, of Palo Alto, will
address an open meeting of the .Tuni
pero Serra Clnb Tuesday evening, at 8
o'clock in the Memorial Church on
"Modernism and the Catholic Church."
This will he the first of a series of
four lectures. The public is cordially
invited.
The lecture was scheduled for last
Thursday, but was postponed on ac
count of the lecture the same evening
| by Dr. Jordan.
Father Gleason, of Palo Alto, will
address an open meeting of the .Tuni
pero Serra Clnb Tuesday evening, at 8
o'clock in the Memorial Church on
"Modernism and the Catholic Church."
This will he the first of a series of
four lectures. The public is cordially
invited.
The lecture was scheduled for last
Thursday, but was postponed on ac
count of the lecture the same evening
| by Dr. Jordan.
