# Torch Hearers Discovered.
## 
### 
Rumor lias it that three of the Cal
ifornia men, who applied the torch to
the Stanford Spirit last Tuesday even
ing, were Captain "Chalk" McKim,
"Rudy" Gianelli, and "Kenny" Hayes,
all regulars on the Mine and Gold Var
sity.
Rumor lias it that three of the Cal
ifornia men, who applied the torch to
the Stanford Spirit last Tuesday even
ing, were Captain "Chalk" McKim,
"Rudy" Gianelli, and "Kenny" Hayes,
all regulars on the Mine and Gold Var
sity.
Rumor lias it that three of the Cal
ifornia men, who applied the torch to
the Stanford Spirit last Tuesday even
ing, were Captain "Chalk" McKim,
"Rudy" Gianelli, and "Kenny" Hayes,
all regulars on the Mine and Gold Var
sity.
Rumor lias it that three of the Cal
ifornia men, who applied the torch to
the Stanford Spirit last Tuesday even
ing, were Captain "Chalk" McKim,
"Rudy" Gianelli, and "Kenny" Hayes,
all regulars on the Mine and Gold Var
sity.
Rumor lias it that three of the Cal
ifornia men, who applied the torch to
the Stanford Spirit last Tuesday even
ing, were Captain "Chalk" McKim,
"Rudy" Gianelli, and "Kenny" Hayes,
all regulars on the Mine and Gold Var
sity.
Rumor lias it that three of the Cal
ifornia men, who applied the torch to
the Stanford Spirit last Tuesday even
ing, were Captain "Chalk" McKim,
"Rudy" Gianelli, and "Kenny" Hayes,
all regulars on the Mine and Gold Var
sity.
Rumor lias it that three of the Cal
ifornia men, who applied the torch to
the Stanford Spirit last Tuesday even
ing, were Captain "Chalk" McKim,
"Rudy" Gianelli, and "Kenny" Hayes,
all regulars on the Mine and Gold Var
sity.
Rumor lias it that three of the Cal
ifornia men, who applied the torch to
the Stanford Spirit last Tuesday even
ing, were Captain "Chalk" McKim,
"Rudy" Gianelli, and "Kenny" Hayes,
all regulars on the Mine and Gold Var
sity.
Rumor lias it that three of the Cal
ifornia men, who applied the torch to
the Stanford Spirit last Tuesday even
ing, were Captain "Chalk" McKim,
"Rudy" Gianelli, and "Kenny" Hayes,
all regulars on the Mine and Gold Var
sity.
Rumor lias it that three of the Cal
ifornia men, who applied the torch to
the Stanford Spirit last Tuesday even
ing, were Captain "Chalk" McKim,
"Rudy" Gianelli, and "Kenny" Hayes,
all regulars on the Mine and Gold Var
sity.
Rumor lias it that three of the Cal
ifornia men, who applied the torch to
the Stanford Spirit last Tuesday even
ing, were Captain "Chalk" McKim,
"Rudy" Gianelli, and "Kenny" Hayes,
all regulars on the Mine and Gold Var
sity.
Rumor lias it that three of the Cal
ifornia men, who applied the torch to
the Stanford Spirit last Tuesday even
ing, were Captain "Chalk" McKim,
"Rudy" Gianelli, and "Kenny" Hayes,
all regulars on the Mine and Gold Var
sity.
Rumor lias it that three of the Cal
ifornia men, who applied the torch to
the Stanford Spirit last Tuesday even
ing, were Captain "Chalk" McKim,
"Rudy" Gianelli, and "Kenny" Hayes,
all regulars on the Mine and Gold Var
sity.
Rumor lias it that three of the Cal
ifornia men, who applied the torch to
the Stanford Spirit last Tuesday even
ing, were Captain "Chalk" McKim,
"Rudy" Gianelli, and "Kenny" Hayes,
all regulars on the Mine and Gold Var
sity.
