# CIVIL ENGINEERS HONOR PROFESSOR C.D. MARX
## 
### 
Professor C. D. Marx, head of the
Civil Engineering Department, has re
cently been honored by the nomination
to the presidency of the American So
ciety of Civil Engineers. As Professor
Marx is the sole nominee for this posi
tion, his election will be a matter of
form, when the society holds its regu
lar meeting in New York sometime
next January.
This is the oldest and most influen
tial engineering society in the United
States, and has an enrollment of about
seven thousand men. Professor Marx'
nomination comes as a recognition of
his worth and integrity, as well as of
his popularity among the civil engin
eers of the country.
The American Society will hold its
mid-summer convention in San Fran
cisco during September of 1915.
Professor C. D. Marx, head of the
Civil Engineering Department, has re
cently been honored by the nomination
to the presidency of the American So
ciety of Civil Engineers. As Professor
Marx is the sole nominee for this posi
tion, his election will be a matter of
form, when the society holds its regu
lar meeting in New York sometime
next January.
This is the oldest and most influen
tial engineering society in the United
States, and has an enrollment of about
seven thousand men. Professor Marx'
nomination comes as a recognition of
his worth and integrity, as well as of
his popularity among the civil engin
eers of the country.
The American Society will hold its
mid-summer convention in San Fran
cisco during September of 1915.
Professor C. D. Marx, head of the
Civil Engineering Department, has re
cently been honored by the nomination
to the presidency of the American So
ciety of Civil Engineers. As Professor
Marx is the sole nominee for this posi
tion, his election will be a matter of
form, when the society holds its regu
lar meeting in New York sometime
next January.
This is the oldest and most influen
tial engineering society in the United
States, and has an enrollment of about
seven thousand men. Professor Marx'
nomination comes as a recognition of
his worth and integrity, as well as of
his popularity among the civil engin
eers of the country.
The American Society will hold its
mid-summer convention in San Fran
cisco during September of 1915.
Professor C. D. Marx, head of the
Civil Engineering Department, has re
cently been honored by the nomination
to the presidency of the American So
ciety of Civil Engineers. As Professor
Marx is the sole nominee for this posi
tion, his election will be a matter of
form, when the society holds its regu
lar meeting in New York sometime
next January.
This is the oldest and most influen
tial engineering society in the United
States, and has an enrollment of about
seven thousand men. Professor Marx'
nomination comes as a recognition of
his worth and integrity, as well as of
his popularity among the civil engin
eers of the country.
The American Society will hold its
mid-summer convention in San Fran
cisco during September of 1915.
Professor C. D. Marx, head of the
Civil Engineering Department, has re
cently been honored by the nomination
to the presidency of the American So
ciety of Civil Engineers. As Professor
Marx is the sole nominee for this posi
tion, his election will be a matter of
form, when the society holds its regu
lar meeting in New York sometime
next January.
This is the oldest and most influen
tial engineering society in the United
States, and has an enrollment of about
seven thousand men. Professor Marx'
nomination comes as a recognition of
his worth and integrity, as well as of
his popularity among the civil engin
eers of the country.
The American Society will hold its
mid-summer convention in San Fran
cisco during September of 1915.
Professor C. D. Marx, head of the
Civil Engineering Department, has re
cently been honored by the nomination
to the presidency of the American So
ciety of Civil Engineers. As Professor
Marx is the sole nominee for this posi
tion, his election will be a matter of
form, when the society holds its regu
lar meeting in New York sometime
next January.
This is the oldest and most influen
tial engineering society in the United
States, and has an enrollment of about
seven thousand men. Professor Marx'
nomination comes as a recognition of
his worth and integrity, as well as of
his popularity among the civil engin
eers of the country.
The American Society will hold its
mid-summer convention in San Fran
cisco during September of 1915.
Professor C. D. Marx, head of the
Civil Engineering Department, has re
cently been honored by the nomination
to the presidency of the American So
ciety of Civil Engineers. As Professor
Marx is the sole nominee for this posi
tion, his election will be a matter of
form, when the society holds its regu
lar meeting in New York sometime
next January.
This is the oldest and most influen
tial engineering society in the United
States, and has an enrollment of about
seven thousand men. Professor Marx'
nomination comes as a recognition of
his worth and integrity, as well as of
his popularity among the civil engin
eers of the country.
The American Society will hold its
mid-summer convention in San Fran
cisco during September of 1915.
Professor C. D. Marx, head of the
Civil Engineering Department, has re
cently been honored by the nomination
to the presidency of the American So
ciety of Civil Engineers. As Professor
Marx is the sole nominee for this posi
tion, his election will be a matter of
form, when the society holds its regu
lar meeting in New York sometime
next January.
This is the oldest and most influen
tial engineering society in the United
States, and has an enrollment of about
seven thousand men. Professor Marx'
nomination comes as a recognition of
his worth and integrity, as well as of
his popularity among the civil engin
eers of the country.
The American Society will hold its
mid-summer convention in San Fran
cisco during September of 1915.
Professor C. D. Marx, head of the
Civil Engineering Department, has re
cently been honored by the nomination
to the presidency of the American So
ciety of Civil Engineers. As Professor
Marx is the sole nominee for this posi
tion, his election will be a matter of
form, when the society holds its regu
lar meeting in New York sometime
next January.
This is the oldest and most influen
tial engineering society in the United
States, and has an enrollment of about
seven thousand men. Professor Marx'
nomination comes as a recognition of
his worth and integrity, as well as of
his popularity among the civil engin
eers of the country.
The American Society will hold its
mid-summer convention in San Fran
cisco during September of 1915.
Professor C. D. Marx, head of the
Civil Engineering Department, has re
cently been honored by the nomination
to the presidency of the American So
ciety of Civil Engineers. As Professor
Marx is the sole nominee for this posi
tion, his election will be a matter of
form, when the society holds its regu
lar meeting in New York sometime
next January.
This is the oldest and most influen
tial engineering society in the United
States, and has an enrollment of about
seven thousand men. Professor Marx'
nomination comes as a recognition of
his worth and integrity, as well as of
his popularity among the civil engin
eers of the country.
The American Society will hold its
mid-summer convention in San Fran
cisco during September of 1915.
Professor C. D. Marx, head of the
Civil Engineering Department, has re
cently been honored by the nomination
to the presidency of the American So
ciety of Civil Engineers. As Professor
Marx is the sole nominee for this posi
tion, his election will be a matter of
form, when the society holds its regu
lar meeting in New York sometime
next January.
This is the oldest and most influen
tial engineering society in the United
States, and has an enrollment of about
seven thousand men. Professor Marx'
nomination comes as a recognition of
his worth and integrity, as well as of
his popularity among the civil engin
eers of the country.
The American Society will hold its
mid-summer convention in San Fran
cisco during September of 1915.
Professor C. D. Marx, head of the
Civil Engineering Department, has re
cently been honored by the nomination
to the presidency of the American So
ciety of Civil Engineers. As Professor
Marx is the sole nominee for this posi
tion, his election will be a matter of
form, when the society holds its regu
lar meeting in New York sometime
next January.
This is the oldest and most influen
tial engineering society in the United
States, and has an enrollment of about
seven thousand men. Professor Marx'
nomination comes as a recognition of
his worth and integrity, as well as of
his popularity among the civil engin
eers of the country.
The American Society will hold its
mid-summer convention in San Fran
cisco during September of 1915.
Professor C. D. Marx, head of the
Civil Engineering Department, has re
cently been honored by the nomination
to the presidency of the American So
ciety of Civil Engineers. As Professor
Marx is the sole nominee for this posi
tion, his election will be a matter of
form, when the society holds its regu
lar meeting in New York sometime
next January.
This is the oldest and most influen
tial engineering society in the United
States, and has an enrollment of about
seven thousand men. Professor Marx'
nomination comes as a recognition of
his worth and integrity, as well as of
his popularity among the civil engin
eers of the country.
The American Society will hold its
mid-summer convention in San Fran
cisco during September of 1915.
Professor C. D. Marx, head of the
Civil Engineering Department, has re
cently been honored by the nomination
to the presidency of the American So
ciety of Civil Engineers. As Professor
Marx is the sole nominee for this posi
tion, his election will be a matter of
form, when the society holds its regu
lar meeting in New York sometime
next January.
This is the oldest and most influen
tial engineering society in the United
States, and has an enrollment of about
seven thousand men. Professor Marx'
nomination comes as a recognition of
his worth and integrity, as well as of
his popularity among the civil engin
eers of the country.
The American Society will hold its
mid-summer convention in San Fran
cisco during September of 1915.
