# Murray Injures Foot.
## 
### 
Lindley Murray, '13, and John Stra
chan met in tennis on the Golden Gate
courts in San Francisco yesterday,
with the games five all. Tn the first
set Murray injured his foot and losi
this and the next set. Finally the in
jury prevented Murray from finishing
the match. It will be continued later
with one match in Strachan's favor.
Lindley Murray, '13, and John Stra
chan met in tennis on the Golden Gate
courts in San Francisco yesterday,
with the games five all. Tn the first
set Murray injured his foot and losi
this and the next set. Finally the in
jury prevented Murray from finishing
the match. It will be continued later
with one match in Strachan's favor.
Lindley Murray, '13, and John Stra
chan met in tennis on the Golden Gate
courts in San Francisco yesterday,
with the games five all. Tn the first
set Murray injured his foot and losi
this and the next set. Finally the in
jury prevented Murray from finishing
the match. It will be continued later
with one match in Strachan's favor.
Lindley Murray, '13, and John Stra
chan met in tennis on the Golden Gate
courts in San Francisco yesterday,
with the games five all. Tn the first
set Murray injured his foot and losi
this and the next set. Finally the in
jury prevented Murray from finishing
the match. It will be continued later
with one match in Strachan's favor.
Lindley Murray, '13, and John Stra
chan met in tennis on the Golden Gate
courts in San Francisco yesterday,
with the games five all. Tn the first
set Murray injured his foot and losi
this and the next set. Finally the in
jury prevented Murray from finishing
the match. It will be continued later
with one match in Strachan's favor.
Lindley Murray, '13, and John Stra
chan met in tennis on the Golden Gate
courts in San Francisco yesterday,
with the games five all. Tn the first
set Murray injured his foot and losi
this and the next set. Finally the in
jury prevented Murray from finishing
the match. It will be continued later
with one match in Strachan's favor.
Lindley Murray, '13, and John Stra
chan met in tennis on the Golden Gate
courts in San Francisco yesterday,
with the games five all. Tn the first
set Murray injured his foot and losi
this and the next set. Finally the in
jury prevented Murray from finishing
the match. It will be continued later
with one match in Strachan's favor.
Lindley Murray, '13, and John Stra
chan met in tennis on the Golden Gate
courts in San Francisco yesterday,
with the games five all. Tn the first
set Murray injured his foot and losi
this and the next set. Finally the in
jury prevented Murray from finishing
the match. It will be continued later
with one match in Strachan's favor.
Lindley Murray, '13, and John Stra
chan met in tennis on the Golden Gate
courts in San Francisco yesterday,
with the games five all. Tn the first
set Murray injured his foot and losi
this and the next set. Finally the in
jury prevented Murray from finishing
the match. It will be continued later
with one match in Strachan's favor.
Lindley Murray, '13, and John Stra
chan met in tennis on the Golden Gate
courts in San Francisco yesterday,
with the games five all. Tn the first
set Murray injured his foot and losi
this and the next set. Finally the in
jury prevented Murray from finishing
the match. It will be continued later
with one match in Strachan's favor.
Lindley Murray, '13, and John Stra
chan met in tennis on the Golden Gate
courts in San Francisco yesterday,
with the games five all. Tn the first
set Murray injured his foot and losi
this and the next set. Finally the in
jury prevented Murray from finishing
the match. It will be continued later
with one match in Strachan's favor.
Lindley Murray, '13, and John Stra
chan met in tennis on the Golden Gate
courts in San Francisco yesterday,
with the games five all. Tn the first
set Murray injured his foot and losi
this and the next set. Finally the in
jury prevented Murray from finishing
the match. It will be continued later
with one match in Strachan's favor.
Lindley Murray, '13, and John Stra
chan met in tennis on the Golden Gate
courts in San Francisco yesterday,
with the games five all. Tn the first
set Murray injured his foot and losi
this and the next set. Finally the in
jury prevented Murray from finishing
the match. It will be continued later
with one match in Strachan's favor.
Lindley Murray, '13, and John Stra
chan met in tennis on the Golden Gate
courts in San Francisco yesterday,
with the games five all. Tn the first
set Murray injured his foot and losi
this and the next set. Finally the in
jury prevented Murray from finishing
the match. It will be continued later
with one match in Strachan's favor.
