# R. Venable, '12, Appointed to Annapolis
## 
### 
After ranking lirst in the examina
tion held to test candidates for ap
pointment to the Government Naval
Academy, R. S. Venable, '12, of San
Francisco has been appointed to An
lii'polis upon the recommendation of
Congressman Knowland of San Fran
cisco. Venable is registered in the
p.re-Legal course.
After ranking lirst in the examina
tion held to test candidates for ap
pointment to the Government Naval
Academy, R. S. Venable, '12, of San
Francisco has been appointed to An
lii'polis upon the recommendation of
Congressman Knowland of San Fran
cisco. Venable is registered in the
p.re-Legal course.
After ranking lirst in the examina
tion held to test candidates for ap
pointment to the Government Naval
Academy, R. S. Venable, '12, of San
Francisco has been appointed to An
lii'polis upon the recommendation of
Congressman Knowland of San Fran
cisco. Venable is registered in the
p.re-Legal course.
After ranking lirst in the examina
tion held to test candidates for ap
pointment to the Government Naval
Academy, R. S. Venable, '12, of San
Francisco has been appointed to An
lii'polis upon the recommendation of
Congressman Knowland of San Fran
cisco. Venable is registered in the
p.re-Legal course.
After ranking lirst in the examina
tion held to test candidates for ap
pointment to the Government Naval
Academy, R. S. Venable, '12, of San
Francisco has been appointed to An
lii'polis upon the recommendation of
Congressman Knowland of San Fran
cisco. Venable is registered in the
p.re-Legal course.
After ranking lirst in the examina
tion held to test candidates for ap
pointment to the Government Naval
Academy, R. S. Venable, '12, of San
Francisco has been appointed to An
lii'polis upon the recommendation of
Congressman Knowland of San Fran
cisco. Venable is registered in the
p.re-Legal course.
After ranking lirst in the examina
tion held to test candidates for ap
pointment to the Government Naval
Academy, R. S. Venable, '12, of San
Francisco has been appointed to An
lii'polis upon the recommendation of
Congressman Knowland of San Fran
cisco. Venable is registered in the
p.re-Legal course.
After ranking lirst in the examina
tion held to test candidates for ap
pointment to the Government Naval
Academy, R. S. Venable, '12, of San
Francisco has been appointed to An
lii'polis upon the recommendation of
Congressman Knowland of San Fran
cisco. Venable is registered in the
p.re-Legal course.
After ranking lirst in the examina
tion held to test candidates for ap
pointment to the Government Naval
Academy, R. S. Venable, '12, of San
Francisco has been appointed to An
lii'polis upon the recommendation of
Congressman Knowland of San Fran
cisco. Venable is registered in the
p.re-Legal course.
After ranking lirst in the examina
tion held to test candidates for ap
pointment to the Government Naval
Academy, R. S. Venable, '12, of San
Francisco has been appointed to An
lii'polis upon the recommendation of
Congressman Knowland of San Fran
cisco. Venable is registered in the
p.re-Legal course.
