# Lower Division Students Begin Registration Today
## 
### 
Registration for lower division
students begins today, continuing for
four davs. March f>-0, inclusive.
Registration for lower division
students begins today, continuing for
four davs. March f>-0, inclusive.
Registration for lower division
students begins today, continuing for
four davs. March f>-0, inclusive.
Registration for lower division
students begins today, continuing for
four davs. March f>-0, inclusive.
Registration for lower division
students begins today, continuing for
four davs. March f>-0, inclusive.
Registration for lower division
students begins today, continuing for
four davs. March f>-0, inclusive.
Registration for lower division
students begins today, continuing for
four davs. March f>-0, inclusive.
Registration for lower division
students begins today, continuing for
four davs. March f>-0, inclusive.
Registration for lower division
students begins today, continuing for
four davs. March f>-0, inclusive.
Registration for lower division
students begins today, continuing for
four davs. March f>-0, inclusive.
Registration for lower division
students begins today, continuing for
four davs. March f>-0, inclusive.
Registration for lower division
students begins today, continuing for
four davs. March f>-0, inclusive.
Registration for lower division
students begins today, continuing for
four davs. March f>-0, inclusive.
Registration for lower division
students begins today, continuing for
four davs. March f>-0, inclusive.
