# NEF FARM STATION CHIEF
## 
### 
James T. Jardine, director of the ex
perimental station at Oregon State Col
lege, yesterday handed in his resigna
tion, to take effect August 15, follow
ing his appointment as chief of ihe
office of experiment stations for the
United States Department of Agricul
ture. Jardine is the brother of William
Jardine, former secretary of agricul
ture.

The whale, in quest of food, goes
down to the very depths of the ocean.
James T. Jardine, director of the ex
perimental station at Oregon State Col
lege, yesterday handed in his resigna
tion, to take effect August 15, follow
ing his appointment as chief of ihe
office of experiment stations for the
United States Department of Agricul
ture. Jardine is the brother of William
Jardine, former secretary of agricul
ture.

The whale, in quest of food, goes
down to the very depths of the ocean.
James T. Jardine, director of the ex
perimental station at Oregon State Col
lege, yesterday handed in his resigna
tion, to take effect August 15, follow
ing his appointment as chief of ihe
office of experiment stations for the
United States Department of Agricul
ture. Jardine is the brother of William
Jardine, former secretary of agricul
ture.

The whale, in quest of food, goes
down to the very depths of the ocean.
James T. Jardine, director of the ex
perimental station at Oregon State Col
lege, yesterday handed in his resigna
tion, to take effect August 15, follow
ing his appointment as chief of ihe
office of experiment stations for the
United States Department of Agricul
ture. Jardine is the brother of William
Jardine, former secretary of agricul
ture.

The whale, in quest of food, goes
down to the very depths of the ocean.
James T. Jardine, director of the ex
perimental station at Oregon State Col
lege, yesterday handed in his resigna
tion, to take effect August 15, follow
ing his appointment as chief of ihe
office of experiment stations for the
United States Department of Agricul
ture. Jardine is the brother of William
Jardine, former secretary of agricul
ture.

The whale, in quest of food, goes
down to the very depths of the ocean.
James T. Jardine, director of the ex
perimental station at Oregon State Col
lege, yesterday handed in his resigna
tion, to take effect August 15, follow
ing his appointment as chief of ihe
office of experiment stations for the
United States Department of Agricul
ture. Jardine is the brother of William
Jardine, former secretary of agricul
ture.

The whale, in quest of food, goes
down to the very depths of the ocean.
James T. Jardine, director of the ex
perimental station at Oregon State Col
lege, yesterday handed in his resigna
tion, to take effect August 15, follow
ing his appointment as chief of ihe
office of experiment stations for the
United States Department of Agricul
ture. Jardine is the brother of William
Jardine, former secretary of agricul
ture.

The whale, in quest of food, goes
down to the very depths of the ocean.
James T. Jardine, director of the ex
perimental station at Oregon State Col
lege, yesterday handed in his resigna
tion, to take effect August 15, follow
ing his appointment as chief of ihe
office of experiment stations for the
United States Department of Agricul
ture. Jardine is the brother of William
Jardine, former secretary of agricul
ture.

The whale, in quest of food, goes
down to the very depths of the ocean.
James T. Jardine, director of the ex
perimental station at Oregon State Col
lege, yesterday handed in his resigna
tion, to take effect August 15, follow
ing his appointment as chief of ihe
office of experiment stations for the
United States Department of Agricul
ture. Jardine is the brother of William
Jardine, former secretary of agricul
ture.

The whale, in quest of food, goes
down to the very depths of the ocean.
James T. Jardine, director of the ex
perimental station at Oregon State Col
lege, yesterday handed in his resigna
tion, to take effect August 15, follow
ing his appointment as chief of ihe
office of experiment stations for the
United States Department of Agricul
ture. Jardine is the brother of William
Jardine, former secretary of agricul
ture.

The whale, in quest of food, goes
down to the very depths of the ocean.
James T. Jardine, director of the ex
perimental station at Oregon State Col
lege, yesterday handed in his resigna
tion, to take effect August 15, follow
ing his appointment as chief of ihe
office of experiment stations for the
United States Department of Agricul
ture. Jardine is the brother of William
Jardine, former secretary of agricul
ture.

The whale, in quest of food, goes
down to the very depths of the ocean.
James T. Jardine, director of the ex
perimental station at Oregon State Col
lege, yesterday handed in his resigna
tion, to take effect August 15, follow
ing his appointment as chief of ihe
office of experiment stations for the
United States Department of Agricul
ture. Jardine is the brother of William
Jardine, former secretary of agricul
ture.

The whale, in quest of food, goes
down to the very depths of the ocean.
James T. Jardine, director of the ex
perimental station at Oregon State Col
lege, yesterday handed in his resigna
tion, to take effect August 15, follow
ing his appointment as chief of ihe
office of experiment stations for the
United States Department of Agricul
ture. Jardine is the brother of William
Jardine, former secretary of agricul
ture.

The whale, in quest of food, goes
down to the very depths of the ocean.
James T. Jardine, director of the ex
perimental station at Oregon State Col
lege, yesterday handed in his resigna
tion, to take effect August 15, follow
ing his appointment as chief of ihe
office of experiment stations for the
United States Department of Agricul
ture. Jardine is the brother of William
Jardine, former secretary of agricul
ture.

The whale, in quest of food, goes
down to the very depths of the ocean.
James T. Jardine, director of the ex
perimental station at Oregon State Col
lege, yesterday handed in his resigna
tion, to take effect August 15, follow
ing his appointment as chief of ihe
office of experiment stations for the
United States Department of Agricul
ture. Jardine is the brother of William
Jardine, former secretary of agricul
ture.

The whale, in quest of food, goes
down to the very depths of the ocean.
