# YOP Provides Job Opportunities
## 
### BILL CLASTER 
Youth Opportunity Program
(YOP) is now in the process of
trying to secure positions for over
two hundred high school students
again this summer. Working in
conjunction with the University
Personnel Office, but operating
separately, YOP was highly
successful last year, and according
to YOP administrator Art Wilson
"could be even better this year if
all departments on campus
thoroughly examine their summer
work opportunities."
YOP provides jobs for
financially disadvantaged high
school students throughout the
mid-peninsula community. This
means that the program has a high
percentage of Blacks and
Chicanos, but as Wilson pointed

out, "The whites that are in the
program are not necessarily
token." Thus the program is run
basically for those youths with
poverty incomes, and the criteria
for jobs for which over 200 0
applied last year is based
essentially on financial need.
Although university efforts to
economize under the Budget
Adjustment Program have cut
departmental budgets, fund
raising is always a year-round
problem for Wilson and Phil
Baptista, co-administrator of the
program. Most of the money for
YOP comes from contributions
made by corporations and
foundations, and from an
unspecified university funding
commitment. This money is then
used to subsidize various
university departments, which in

turn provide positions for the
program's participants. Wilson
adds, "It behooves the
departments of this campus to get
behind the program, for even if
departments do not have the
necessary funds, there is a
possibility that some funding can
be obtained through YOP."
The benefits of YOP are
numerous, as the participants can
gain educational, financial and
motivational work experience.
From an educational point of
view, the program's results have
directly benefited the university
and the minority communities.

Seven students who are now
undergraduates were part of last
year's program, as were fifteen
permanent university staff
members.
Moreover, the 30 students in
YOP's medical sciences program
gain invaluable experience in a
field which they would otherwise
not have a chance to enter. This
program is trying to be extended
to 45 students this summer, and a
movie produced by YOP called,
"Bridging the Gap" is being
shown to various groups in order
to procure the necessary funds.
