# "Grass Will Grow, But—' Says Garner
## 
### 
WASHINGTON. Dec. 1( UP). —
Vice-president John Nance Garner
today amended his widely-heralded
offer to grow grass under trees on
the White House lawn where it nev
er grew before. The winter might
kill it, he said.
"I can grow grass under the trees
all right," the vice-president said,
"but I can't guarantee that it will
live through the winter. You can't
tell about that until it's tried."
WASHINGTON. Dec. 1( UP). —
Vice-president John Nance Garner
today amended his widely-heralded
offer to grow grass under trees on
the White House lawn where it nev
er grew before. The winter might
kill it, he said.
"I can grow grass under the trees
all right," the vice-president said,
"but I can't guarantee that it will
live through the winter. You can't
tell about that until it's tried."
WASHINGTON. Dec. 1( UP). —
Vice-president John Nance Garner
today amended his widely-heralded
offer to grow grass under trees on
the White House lawn where it nev
er grew before. The winter might
kill it, he said.
"I can grow grass under the trees
all right," the vice-president said,
"but I can't guarantee that it will
live through the winter. You can't
tell about that until it's tried."
WASHINGTON. Dec. 1( UP). —
Vice-president John Nance Garner
today amended his widely-heralded
offer to grow grass under trees on
the White House lawn where it nev
er grew before. The winter might
kill it, he said.
"I can grow grass under the trees
all right," the vice-president said,
"but I can't guarantee that it will
live through the winter. You can't
tell about that until it's tried."
WASHINGTON. Dec. 1( UP). —
Vice-president John Nance Garner
today amended his widely-heralded
offer to grow grass under trees on
the White House lawn where it nev
er grew before. The winter might
kill it, he said.
"I can grow grass under the trees
all right," the vice-president said,
"but I can't guarantee that it will
live through the winter. You can't
tell about that until it's tried."
WASHINGTON. Dec. 1( UP). —
Vice-president John Nance Garner
today amended his widely-heralded
offer to grow grass under trees on
the White House lawn where it nev
er grew before. The winter might
kill it, he said.
"I can grow grass under the trees
all right," the vice-president said,
"but I can't guarantee that it will
live through the winter. You can't
tell about that until it's tried."
WASHINGTON. Dec. 1( UP). —
Vice-president John Nance Garner
today amended his widely-heralded
offer to grow grass under trees on
the White House lawn where it nev
er grew before. The winter might
kill it, he said.
"I can grow grass under the trees
all right," the vice-president said,
"but I can't guarantee that it will
live through the winter. You can't
tell about that until it's tried."
WASHINGTON. Dec. 1( UP). —
Vice-president John Nance Garner
today amended his widely-heralded
offer to grow grass under trees on
the White House lawn where it nev
er grew before. The winter might
kill it, he said.
"I can grow grass under the trees
all right," the vice-president said,
"but I can't guarantee that it will
live through the winter. You can't
tell about that until it's tried."
WASHINGTON. Dec. 1( UP). —
Vice-president John Nance Garner
today amended his widely-heralded
offer to grow grass under trees on
the White House lawn where it nev
er grew before. The winter might
kill it, he said.
"I can grow grass under the trees
all right," the vice-president said,
"but I can't guarantee that it will
live through the winter. You can't
tell about that until it's tried."
WASHINGTON. Dec. 1( UP). —
Vice-president John Nance Garner
today amended his widely-heralded
offer to grow grass under trees on
the White House lawn where it nev
er grew before. The winter might
kill it, he said.
"I can grow grass under the trees
all right," the vice-president said,
"but I can't guarantee that it will
live through the winter. You can't
tell about that until it's tried."
WASHINGTON. Dec. 1( UP). —
Vice-president John Nance Garner
today amended his widely-heralded
offer to grow grass under trees on
the White House lawn where it nev
er grew before. The winter might
kill it, he said.
"I can grow grass under the trees
all right," the vice-president said,
"but I can't guarantee that it will
live through the winter. You can't
tell about that until it's tried."
WASHINGTON. Dec. 1( UP). —
Vice-president John Nance Garner
today amended his widely-heralded
offer to grow grass under trees on
the White House lawn where it nev
er grew before. The winter might
kill it, he said.
"I can grow grass under the trees
all right," the vice-president said,
"but I can't guarantee that it will
live through the winter. You can't
tell about that until it's tried."
WASHINGTON. Dec. 1( UP). —
Vice-president John Nance Garner
today amended his widely-heralded
offer to grow grass under trees on
the White House lawn where it nev
er grew before. The winter might
kill it, he said.
"I can grow grass under the trees
all right," the vice-president said,
"but I can't guarantee that it will
live through the winter. You can't
tell about that until it's tried."
WASHINGTON. Dec. 1( UP). —
Vice-president John Nance Garner
today amended his widely-heralded
offer to grow grass under trees on
the White House lawn where it nev
er grew before. The winter might
kill it, he said.
"I can grow grass under the trees
all right," the vice-president said,
"but I can't guarantee that it will
live through the winter. You can't
tell about that until it's tried."
WASHINGTON. Dec. 1( UP). —
Vice-president John Nance Garner
today amended his widely-heralded
offer to grow grass under trees on
the White House lawn where it nev
er grew before. The winter might
kill it, he said.
"I can grow grass under the trees
all right," the vice-president said,
"but I can't guarantee that it will
live through the winter. You can't
tell about that until it's tried."
WASHINGTON. Dec. 1( UP). —
Vice-president John Nance Garner
today amended his widely-heralded
offer to grow grass under trees on
the White House lawn where it nev
er grew before. The winter might
kill it, he said.
"I can grow grass under the trees
all right," the vice-president said,
"but I can't guarantee that it will
live through the winter. You can't
tell about that until it's tried."
