# Stone Chosen On All-Coast Eleven
## 
### 
PULLMAN, Wash., Dec. 1 (UP).
—Lloyd Salt, sports editor of the
Evergreen, tri-weekly publication of
Washington State College, today an
nounced an all-coast football eleven
selected by seven Pacific Coast Con
ference coaches.
Coaches participating were Tiny
Thornhill of Stanford, Babe Hol
lingbery of Washington State, Prink
Callison of Oregon, Lon Stiner of
Oregon State, BilL Spaulding of
U.C.LA., Stub Allison of California
and Jirhmy Phelan of Washington.
Players and the number of votes:
Left end—Stone, Stanford, 6; left
tackle—Markov, Washington, 6; left
guard—Stockton, California, 6; Cen
ter —Herwig, California, 6; right
guard—Hoptowit, Washington State,
and Slivinski, Washington, tied with
3 each; right tackle—Grimstead,
Washington State, 4; right end —
Schwartz, California, 7; quarterback
—Meek, California, 5; left halfback
— Chapman, California, 6; right
halfback, Gray, Oregon State, 6;
fullback — Littlefield, Washington
State, and Cruver, Washington, tied
with 2 each.
