# END-QUARTER LIBRARY HOURS UNCHANGED
## 
### 
No change will be made in library
hours during the last two weeks of
this quarter, officials stated yester
day. Regular hours for all depart
ments will bo followed on week-days
and on Sunday afternoons, while the
reserve room only will be open on
Sunday nights.
The policy of previous years of
opening all departments on Sunday
nights before finals has been discon
tinued.
No change will be made in library
hours during the last two weeks of
this quarter, officials stated yester
day. Regular hours for all depart
ments will bo followed on week-days
and on Sunday afternoons, while the
reserve room only will be open on
Sunday nights.
The policy of previous years of
opening all departments on Sunday
nights before finals has been discon
tinued.
No change will be made in library
hours during the last two weeks of
this quarter, officials stated yester
day. Regular hours for all depart
ments will bo followed on week-days
and on Sunday afternoons, while the
reserve room only will be open on
Sunday nights.
The policy of previous years of
opening all departments on Sunday
nights before finals has been discon
tinued.
No change will be made in library
hours during the last two weeks of
this quarter, officials stated yester
day. Regular hours for all depart
ments will bo followed on week-days
and on Sunday afternoons, while the
reserve room only will be open on
Sunday nights.
The policy of previous years of
opening all departments on Sunday
nights before finals has been discon
tinued.
No change will be made in library
hours during the last two weeks of
this quarter, officials stated yester
day. Regular hours for all depart
ments will bo followed on week-days
and on Sunday afternoons, while the
reserve room only will be open on
Sunday nights.
The policy of previous years of
opening all departments on Sunday
nights before finals has been discon
tinued.
No change will be made in library
hours during the last two weeks of
this quarter, officials stated yester
day. Regular hours for all depart
ments will bo followed on week-days
and on Sunday afternoons, while the
reserve room only will be open on
Sunday nights.
The policy of previous years of
opening all departments on Sunday
nights before finals has been discon
tinued.
No change will be made in library
hours during the last two weeks of
this quarter, officials stated yester
day. Regular hours for all depart
ments will bo followed on week-days
and on Sunday afternoons, while the
reserve room only will be open on
Sunday nights.
The policy of previous years of
opening all departments on Sunday
nights before finals has been discon
tinued.
No change will be made in library
hours during the last two weeks of
this quarter, officials stated yester
day. Regular hours for all depart
ments will bo followed on week-days
and on Sunday afternoons, while the
reserve room only will be open on
Sunday nights.
The policy of previous years of
opening all departments on Sunday
nights before finals has been discon
tinued.
No change will be made in library
hours during the last two weeks of
this quarter, officials stated yester
day. Regular hours for all depart
ments will bo followed on week-days
and on Sunday afternoons, while the
reserve room only will be open on
Sunday nights.
The policy of previous years of
opening all departments on Sunday
nights before finals has been discon
tinued.
No change will be made in library
hours during the last two weeks of
this quarter, officials stated yester
day. Regular hours for all depart
ments will bo followed on week-days
and on Sunday afternoons, while the
reserve room only will be open on
Sunday nights.
The policy of previous years of
opening all departments on Sunday
nights before finals has been discon
tinued.
No change will be made in library
hours during the last two weeks of
this quarter, officials stated yester
day. Regular hours for all depart
ments will bo followed on week-days
and on Sunday afternoons, while the
reserve room only will be open on
Sunday nights.
The policy of previous years of
opening all departments on Sunday
nights before finals has been discon
tinued.
No change will be made in library
hours during the last two weeks of
this quarter, officials stated yester
day. Regular hours for all depart
ments will bo followed on week-days
and on Sunday afternoons, while the
reserve room only will be open on
Sunday nights.
The policy of previous years of
opening all departments on Sunday
nights before finals has been discon
tinued.
No change will be made in library
hours during the last two weeks of
this quarter, officials stated yester
day. Regular hours for all depart
ments will bo followed on week-days
and on Sunday afternoons, while the
reserve room only will be open on
Sunday nights.
The policy of previous years of
opening all departments on Sunday
nights before finals has been discon
tinued.
No change will be made in library
hours during the last two weeks of
this quarter, officials stated yester
day. Regular hours for all depart
ments will bo followed on week-days
and on Sunday afternoons, while the
reserve room only will be open on
Sunday nights.
The policy of previous years of
opening all departments on Sunday
nights before finals has been discon
tinued.
No change will be made in library
hours during the last two weeks of
this quarter, officials stated yester
day. Regular hours for all depart
ments will bo followed on week-days
and on Sunday afternoons, while the
reserve room only will be open on
Sunday nights.
The policy of previous years of
opening all departments on Sunday
nights before finals has been discon
tinued.
No change will be made in library
hours during the last two weeks of
this quarter, officials stated yester
day. Regular hours for all depart
ments will bo followed on week-days
and on Sunday afternoons, while the
reserve room only will be open on
Sunday nights.
The policy of previous years of
opening all departments on Sunday
nights before finals has been discon
tinued.
