# Farm Enrollment Won't Get Boost
## 
### 
Stanford University is not set
ting up an enrollment constant as
was reported in yesterday's Daily.
In an address before the Alumni
Conference Saturday afternoon
President .1. E. Waliace Sterling
reported that Stanford's present
enrollment was equivalent to one
third of one percent of the total
national college and university en
rollment.
He further said if that figure
were nsed as a constant, then en
rollment might be expected to in
crease to 9660 in 1 :')6O and 11.960
in 1965.
The administration expects to
make a slight increase in graduate
enrollment, Sterling said, tinder
graduate enrollment, however, is
expected to remain at the present
level of about 5400 students.
Stanford University is not set
ting up an enrollment constant as
was reported in yesterday's Daily.
In an address before the Alumni
Conference Saturday afternoon
President .1. E. Waliace Sterling
reported that Stanford's present
enrollment was equivalent to one
third of one percent of the total
national college and university en
rollment.
He further said if that figure
were nsed as a constant, then en
rollment might be expected to in
crease to 9660 in 1 :')6O and 11.960
in 1965.
The administration expects to
make a slight increase in graduate
enrollment, Sterling said, tinder
graduate enrollment, however, is
expected to remain at the present
level of about 5400 students.
Stanford University is not set
ting up an enrollment constant as
was reported in yesterday's Daily.
In an address before the Alumni
Conference Saturday afternoon
President .1. E. Waliace Sterling
reported that Stanford's present
enrollment was equivalent to one
third of one percent of the total
national college and university en
rollment.
He further said if that figure
were nsed as a constant, then en
rollment might be expected to in
crease to 9660 in 1 :')6O and 11.960
in 1965.
The administration expects to
make a slight increase in graduate
enrollment, Sterling said, tinder
graduate enrollment, however, is
expected to remain at the present
level of about 5400 students.
Stanford University is not set
ting up an enrollment constant as
was reported in yesterday's Daily.
In an address before the Alumni
Conference Saturday afternoon
President .1. E. Waliace Sterling
reported that Stanford's present
enrollment was equivalent to one
third of one percent of the total
national college and university en
rollment.
He further said if that figure
were nsed as a constant, then en
rollment might be expected to in
crease to 9660 in 1 :')6O and 11.960
in 1965.
The administration expects to
make a slight increase in graduate
enrollment, Sterling said, tinder
graduate enrollment, however, is
expected to remain at the present
level of about 5400 students.
Stanford University is not set
ting up an enrollment constant as
was reported in yesterday's Daily.
In an address before the Alumni
Conference Saturday afternoon
President .1. E. Waliace Sterling
reported that Stanford's present
enrollment was equivalent to one
third of one percent of the total
national college and university en
rollment.
He further said if that figure
were nsed as a constant, then en
rollment might be expected to in
crease to 9660 in 1 :')6O and 11.960
in 1965.
The administration expects to
make a slight increase in graduate
enrollment, Sterling said, tinder
graduate enrollment, however, is
expected to remain at the present
level of about 5400 students.
Stanford University is not set
ting up an enrollment constant as
was reported in yesterday's Daily.
In an address before the Alumni
Conference Saturday afternoon
President .1. E. Waliace Sterling
reported that Stanford's present
enrollment was equivalent to one
third of one percent of the total
national college and university en
rollment.
He further said if that figure
were nsed as a constant, then en
rollment might be expected to in
crease to 9660 in 1 :')6O and 11.960
in 1965.
The administration expects to
make a slight increase in graduate
enrollment, Sterling said, tinder
graduate enrollment, however, is
expected to remain at the present
level of about 5400 students.
Stanford University is not set
ting up an enrollment constant as
was reported in yesterday's Daily.
In an address before the Alumni
Conference Saturday afternoon
President .1. E. Waliace Sterling
reported that Stanford's present
enrollment was equivalent to one
third of one percent of the total
national college and university en
rollment.
He further said if that figure
were nsed as a constant, then en
rollment might be expected to in
crease to 9660 in 1 :')6O and 11.960
in 1965.
The administration expects to
make a slight increase in graduate
enrollment, Sterling said, tinder
graduate enrollment, however, is
expected to remain at the present
level of about 5400 students.
Stanford University is not set
ting up an enrollment constant as
was reported in yesterday's Daily.
In an address before the Alumni
Conference Saturday afternoon
President .1. E. Waliace Sterling
reported that Stanford's present
enrollment was equivalent to one
third of one percent of the total
national college and university en
rollment.
He further said if that figure
were nsed as a constant, then en
rollment might be expected to in
crease to 9660 in 1 :')6O and 11.960
in 1965.
The administration expects to
make a slight increase in graduate
enrollment, Sterling said, tinder
graduate enrollment, however, is
expected to remain at the present
level of about 5400 students.
Stanford University is not set
ting up an enrollment constant as
was reported in yesterday's Daily.
In an address before the Alumni
Conference Saturday afternoon
President .1. E. Waliace Sterling
reported that Stanford's present
enrollment was equivalent to one
third of one percent of the total
national college and university en
rollment.
He further said if that figure
were nsed as a constant, then en
rollment might be expected to in
crease to 9660 in 1 :')6O and 11.960
in 1965.
The administration expects to
make a slight increase in graduate
enrollment, Sterling said, tinder
graduate enrollment, however, is
expected to remain at the present
level of about 5400 students.
Stanford University is not set
ting up an enrollment constant as
was reported in yesterday's Daily.
In an address before the Alumni
Conference Saturday afternoon
President .1. E. Waliace Sterling
reported that Stanford's present
enrollment was equivalent to one
third of one percent of the total
national college and university en
rollment.
He further said if that figure
were nsed as a constant, then en
rollment might be expected to in
crease to 9660 in 1 :')6O and 11.960
in 1965.
The administration expects to
make a slight increase in graduate
enrollment, Sterling said, tinder
graduate enrollment, however, is
expected to remain at the present
level of about 5400 students.
Stanford University is not set
ting up an enrollment constant as
was reported in yesterday's Daily.
In an address before the Alumni
Conference Saturday afternoon
President .1. E. Waliace Sterling
reported that Stanford's present
enrollment was equivalent to one
third of one percent of the total
national college and university en
rollment.
He further said if that figure
were nsed as a constant, then en
rollment might be expected to in
crease to 9660 in 1 :')6O and 11.960
in 1965.
The administration expects to
make a slight increase in graduate
enrollment, Sterling said, tinder
graduate enrollment, however, is
expected to remain at the present
level of about 5400 students.
Stanford University is not set
ting up an enrollment constant as
was reported in yesterday's Daily.
In an address before the Alumni
Conference Saturday afternoon
President .1. E. Waliace Sterling
reported that Stanford's present
enrollment was equivalent to one
third of one percent of the total
national college and university en
rollment.
He further said if that figure
were nsed as a constant, then en
rollment might be expected to in
crease to 9660 in 1 :')6O and 11.960
in 1965.
The administration expects to
make a slight increase in graduate
enrollment, Sterling said, tinder
graduate enrollment, however, is
expected to remain at the present
level of about 5400 students.
Stanford University is not set
ting up an enrollment constant as
was reported in yesterday's Daily.
In an address before the Alumni
Conference Saturday afternoon
President .1. E. Waliace Sterling
reported that Stanford's present
enrollment was equivalent to one
third of one percent of the total
national college and university en
rollment.
He further said if that figure
were nsed as a constant, then en
rollment might be expected to in
crease to 9660 in 1 :')6O and 11.960
in 1965.
The administration expects to
make a slight increase in graduate
enrollment, Sterling said, tinder
graduate enrollment, however, is
expected to remain at the present
level of about 5400 students.
Stanford University is not set
ting up an enrollment constant as
was reported in yesterday's Daily.
In an address before the Alumni
Conference Saturday afternoon
President .1. E. Waliace Sterling
reported that Stanford's present
enrollment was equivalent to one
third of one percent of the total
national college and university en
rollment.
He further said if that figure
were nsed as a constant, then en
rollment might be expected to in
crease to 9660 in 1 :')6O and 11.960
in 1965.
The administration expects to
make a slight increase in graduate
enrollment, Sterling said, tinder
graduate enrollment, however, is
expected to remain at the present
level of about 5400 students.
Stanford University is not set
ting up an enrollment constant as
was reported in yesterday's Daily.
In an address before the Alumni
Conference Saturday afternoon
President .1. E. Waliace Sterling
reported that Stanford's present
enrollment was equivalent to one
third of one percent of the total
national college and university en
rollment.
He further said if that figure
were nsed as a constant, then en
rollment might be expected to in
crease to 9660 in 1 :')6O and 11.960
in 1965.
The administration expects to
make a slight increase in graduate
enrollment, Sterling said, tinder
graduate enrollment, however, is
expected to remain at the present
level of about 5400 students.
