# Mural Notice
## 
### 
Deadline for third-round match
es in tennis, handball and horse
shoes is Friday, according to In
tramural Director Elwyn Bugge.
The softball tournament will
start Saturday, with league cham
pions and some runners-up com
peting.
Deadline for third-round match
es in tennis, handball and horse
shoes is Friday, according to In
tramural Director Elwyn Bugge.
The softball tournament will
start Saturday, with league cham
pions and some runners-up com
peting.
Deadline for third-round match
es in tennis, handball and horse
shoes is Friday, according to In
tramural Director Elwyn Bugge.
The softball tournament will
start Saturday, with league cham
pions and some runners-up com
peting.
Deadline for third-round match
es in tennis, handball and horse
shoes is Friday, according to In
tramural Director Elwyn Bugge.
The softball tournament will
start Saturday, with league cham
pions and some runners-up com
peting.
Deadline for third-round match
es in tennis, handball and horse
shoes is Friday, according to In
tramural Director Elwyn Bugge.
The softball tournament will
start Saturday, with league cham
pions and some runners-up com
peting.
Deadline for third-round match
es in tennis, handball and horse
shoes is Friday, according to In
tramural Director Elwyn Bugge.
The softball tournament will
start Saturday, with league cham
pions and some runners-up com
peting.
Deadline for third-round match
es in tennis, handball and horse
shoes is Friday, according to In
tramural Director Elwyn Bugge.
The softball tournament will
start Saturday, with league cham
pions and some runners-up com
peting.
Deadline for third-round match
es in tennis, handball and horse
shoes is Friday, according to In
tramural Director Elwyn Bugge.
The softball tournament will
start Saturday, with league cham
pions and some runners-up com
peting.
Deadline for third-round match
es in tennis, handball and horse
shoes is Friday, according to In
tramural Director Elwyn Bugge.
The softball tournament will
start Saturday, with league cham
pions and some runners-up com
peting.
Deadline for third-round match
es in tennis, handball and horse
shoes is Friday, according to In
tramural Director Elwyn Bugge.
The softball tournament will
start Saturday, with league cham
pions and some runners-up com
peting.
Deadline for third-round match
es in tennis, handball and horse
shoes is Friday, according to In
tramural Director Elwyn Bugge.
The softball tournament will
start Saturday, with league cham
pions and some runners-up com
peting.
Deadline for third-round match
es in tennis, handball and horse
shoes is Friday, according to In
tramural Director Elwyn Bugge.
The softball tournament will
start Saturday, with league cham
pions and some runners-up com
peting.
Deadline for third-round match
es in tennis, handball and horse
shoes is Friday, according to In
tramural Director Elwyn Bugge.
The softball tournament will
start Saturday, with league cham
pions and some runners-up com
peting.
Deadline for third-round match
es in tennis, handball and horse
shoes is Friday, according to In
tramural Director Elwyn Bugge.
The softball tournament will
start Saturday, with league cham
pions and some runners-up com
peting.
Deadline for third-round match
es in tennis, handball and horse
shoes is Friday, according to In
tramural Director Elwyn Bugge.
The softball tournament will
start Saturday, with league cham
pions and some runners-up com
peting.
