# TOOK TROPHY
## 
### 
Stanford's tennis team retired
the fourth Intercollegiate Trophy
in 1933.
Stanford's tennis team retired
the fourth Intercollegiate Trophy
in 1933.
Stanford's tennis team retired
the fourth Intercollegiate Trophy
in 1933.
Stanford's tennis team retired
the fourth Intercollegiate Trophy
in 1933.
Stanford's tennis team retired
the fourth Intercollegiate Trophy
in 1933.
Stanford's tennis team retired
the fourth Intercollegiate Trophy
in 1933.
Stanford's tennis team retired
the fourth Intercollegiate Trophy
in 1933.
Stanford's tennis team retired
the fourth Intercollegiate Trophy
in 1933.
Stanford's tennis team retired
the fourth Intercollegiate Trophy
in 1933.
Stanford's tennis team retired
the fourth Intercollegiate Trophy
in 1933.
Stanford's tennis team retired
the fourth Intercollegiate Trophy
in 1933.
Stanford's tennis team retired
the fourth Intercollegiate Trophy
in 1933.
Stanford's tennis team retired
the fourth Intercollegiate Trophy
in 1933.
Stanford's tennis team retired
the fourth Intercollegiate Trophy
in 1933.
Stanford's tennis team retired
the fourth Intercollegiate Trophy
in 1933.
