# Journalism Fraternity Selling Sports Book
## 
### 
Sigma Delta Chi, Stanford's
professional journalistic fraterni
ty, is now selling "Great Moments
in Stanford Sports." Edited by
Pete Grothe, ex-Daily sports edi
tor, the book includes stories by
Herbert Hoover, Frank Albert,
Chuck Taylor and many others.
Sigma Delta Chi, Stanford's
professional journalistic fraterni
ty, is now selling "Great Moments
in Stanford Sports." Edited by
Pete Grothe, ex-Daily sports edi
tor, the book includes stories by
Herbert Hoover, Frank Albert,
Chuck Taylor and many others.
Sigma Delta Chi, Stanford's
professional journalistic fraterni
ty, is now selling "Great Moments
in Stanford Sports." Edited by
Pete Grothe, ex-Daily sports edi
tor, the book includes stories by
Herbert Hoover, Frank Albert,
Chuck Taylor and many others.
Sigma Delta Chi, Stanford's
professional journalistic fraterni
ty, is now selling "Great Moments
in Stanford Sports." Edited by
Pete Grothe, ex-Daily sports edi
tor, the book includes stories by
Herbert Hoover, Frank Albert,
Chuck Taylor and many others.
Sigma Delta Chi, Stanford's
professional journalistic fraterni
ty, is now selling "Great Moments
in Stanford Sports." Edited by
Pete Grothe, ex-Daily sports edi
tor, the book includes stories by
Herbert Hoover, Frank Albert,
Chuck Taylor and many others.
Sigma Delta Chi, Stanford's
professional journalistic fraterni
ty, is now selling "Great Moments
in Stanford Sports." Edited by
Pete Grothe, ex-Daily sports edi
tor, the book includes stories by
Herbert Hoover, Frank Albert,
Chuck Taylor and many others.
Sigma Delta Chi, Stanford's
professional journalistic fraterni
ty, is now selling "Great Moments
in Stanford Sports." Edited by
Pete Grothe, ex-Daily sports edi
tor, the book includes stories by
Herbert Hoover, Frank Albert,
Chuck Taylor and many others.
Sigma Delta Chi, Stanford's
professional journalistic fraterni
ty, is now selling "Great Moments
in Stanford Sports." Edited by
Pete Grothe, ex-Daily sports edi
tor, the book includes stories by
Herbert Hoover, Frank Albert,
Chuck Taylor and many others.
Sigma Delta Chi, Stanford's
professional journalistic fraterni
ty, is now selling "Great Moments
in Stanford Sports." Edited by
Pete Grothe, ex-Daily sports edi
tor, the book includes stories by
Herbert Hoover, Frank Albert,
Chuck Taylor and many others.
Sigma Delta Chi, Stanford's
professional journalistic fraterni
ty, is now selling "Great Moments
in Stanford Sports." Edited by
Pete Grothe, ex-Daily sports edi
tor, the book includes stories by
Herbert Hoover, Frank Albert,
Chuck Taylor and many others.
Sigma Delta Chi, Stanford's
professional journalistic fraterni
ty, is now selling "Great Moments
in Stanford Sports." Edited by
Pete Grothe, ex-Daily sports edi
tor, the book includes stories by
Herbert Hoover, Frank Albert,
Chuck Taylor and many others.
Sigma Delta Chi, Stanford's
professional journalistic fraterni
ty, is now selling "Great Moments
in Stanford Sports." Edited by
Pete Grothe, ex-Daily sports edi
tor, the book includes stories by
Herbert Hoover, Frank Albert,
Chuck Taylor and many others.
Sigma Delta Chi, Stanford's
professional journalistic fraterni
ty, is now selling "Great Moments
in Stanford Sports." Edited by
Pete Grothe, ex-Daily sports edi
tor, the book includes stories by
Herbert Hoover, Frank Albert,
Chuck Taylor and many others.
Sigma Delta Chi, Stanford's
professional journalistic fraterni
ty, is now selling "Great Moments
in Stanford Sports." Edited by
Pete Grothe, ex-Daily sports edi
tor, the book includes stories by
Herbert Hoover, Frank Albert,
Chuck Taylor and many others.
Sigma Delta Chi, Stanford's
professional journalistic fraterni
ty, is now selling "Great Moments
in Stanford Sports." Edited by
Pete Grothe, ex-Daily sports edi
tor, the book includes stories by
Herbert Hoover, Frank Albert,
Chuck Taylor and many others.
