# DRAKE MEN TO DEBATE
## 
### 
Drake University's men's and
women's debating squads will visit
the campus Monday, February 8, for
an engagement with the local foren
sic squad. Misses Jane Gibson and
Kathryn Coons and Messrs. John
Simmons and Charles Browning
comprise the' Drake teams, which
have been on tour since January 21.

Students at the University of Ok
lahoma are required to pay a fee of
$3 per hpyr fpr each course in which
they fail.
Drake University's men's and
women's debating squads will visit
the campus Monday, February 8, for
an engagement with the local foren
sic squad. Misses Jane Gibson and
Kathryn Coons and Messrs. John
Simmons and Charles Browning
comprise the' Drake teams, which
have been on tour since January 21.

Students at the University of Ok
lahoma are required to pay a fee of
$3 per hpyr fpr each course in which
they fail.
Drake University's men's and
women's debating squads will visit
the campus Monday, February 8, for
an engagement with the local foren
sic squad. Misses Jane Gibson and
Kathryn Coons and Messrs. John
Simmons and Charles Browning
comprise the' Drake teams, which
have been on tour since January 21.

Students at the University of Ok
lahoma are required to pay a fee of
$3 per hpyr fpr each course in which
they fail.
Drake University's men's and
women's debating squads will visit
the campus Monday, February 8, for
an engagement with the local foren
sic squad. Misses Jane Gibson and
Kathryn Coons and Messrs. John
Simmons and Charles Browning
comprise the' Drake teams, which
have been on tour since January 21.

Students at the University of Ok
lahoma are required to pay a fee of
$3 per hpyr fpr each course in which
they fail.
Drake University's men's and
women's debating squads will visit
the campus Monday, February 8, for
an engagement with the local foren
sic squad. Misses Jane Gibson and
Kathryn Coons and Messrs. John
Simmons and Charles Browning
comprise the' Drake teams, which
have been on tour since January 21.

Students at the University of Ok
lahoma are required to pay a fee of
$3 per hpyr fpr each course in which
they fail.
Drake University's men's and
women's debating squads will visit
the campus Monday, February 8, for
an engagement with the local foren
sic squad. Misses Jane Gibson and
Kathryn Coons and Messrs. John
Simmons and Charles Browning
comprise the' Drake teams, which
have been on tour since January 21.

Students at the University of Ok
lahoma are required to pay a fee of
$3 per hpyr fpr each course in which
they fail.
Drake University's men's and
women's debating squads will visit
the campus Monday, February 8, for
an engagement with the local foren
sic squad. Misses Jane Gibson and
Kathryn Coons and Messrs. John
Simmons and Charles Browning
comprise the' Drake teams, which
have been on tour since January 21.

Students at the University of Ok
lahoma are required to pay a fee of
$3 per hpyr fpr each course in which
they fail.
Drake University's men's and
women's debating squads will visit
the campus Monday, February 8, for
an engagement with the local foren
sic squad. Misses Jane Gibson and
Kathryn Coons and Messrs. John
Simmons and Charles Browning
comprise the' Drake teams, which
have been on tour since January 21.

Students at the University of Ok
lahoma are required to pay a fee of
$3 per hpyr fpr each course in which
they fail.
Drake University's men's and
women's debating squads will visit
the campus Monday, February 8, for
an engagement with the local foren
sic squad. Misses Jane Gibson and
Kathryn Coons and Messrs. John
Simmons and Charles Browning
comprise the' Drake teams, which
have been on tour since January 21.

Students at the University of Ok
lahoma are required to pay a fee of
$3 per hpyr fpr each course in which
they fail.
Drake University's men's and
women's debating squads will visit
the campus Monday, February 8, for
an engagement with the local foren
sic squad. Misses Jane Gibson and
Kathryn Coons and Messrs. John
Simmons and Charles Browning
comprise the' Drake teams, which
have been on tour since January 21.

Students at the University of Ok
lahoma are required to pay a fee of
$3 per hpyr fpr each course in which
they fail.
Drake University's men's and
women's debating squads will visit
the campus Monday, February 8, for
an engagement with the local foren
sic squad. Misses Jane Gibson and
Kathryn Coons and Messrs. John
Simmons and Charles Browning
comprise the' Drake teams, which
have been on tour since January 21.

Students at the University of Ok
lahoma are required to pay a fee of
$3 per hpyr fpr each course in which
they fail.
Drake University's men's and
women's debating squads will visit
the campus Monday, February 8, for
an engagement with the local foren
sic squad. Misses Jane Gibson and
Kathryn Coons and Messrs. John
Simmons and Charles Browning
comprise the' Drake teams, which
have been on tour since January 21.

Students at the University of Ok
lahoma are required to pay a fee of
$3 per hpyr fpr each course in which
they fail.
Drake University's men's and
women's debating squads will visit
the campus Monday, February 8, for
an engagement with the local foren
sic squad. Misses Jane Gibson and
Kathryn Coons and Messrs. John
Simmons and Charles Browning
comprise the' Drake teams, which
have been on tour since January 21.

Students at the University of Ok
lahoma are required to pay a fee of
$3 per hpyr fpr each course in which
they fail.
Drake University's men's and
women's debating squads will visit
the campus Monday, February 8, for
an engagement with the local foren
sic squad. Misses Jane Gibson and
Kathryn Coons and Messrs. John
Simmons and Charles Browning
comprise the' Drake teams, which
have been on tour since January 21.

Students at the University of Ok
lahoma are required to pay a fee of
$3 per hpyr fpr each course in which
they fail.
Drake University's men's and
women's debating squads will visit
the campus Monday, February 8, for
an engagement with the local foren
sic squad. Misses Jane Gibson and
Kathryn Coons and Messrs. John
Simmons and Charles Browning
comprise the' Drake teams, which
have been on tour since January 21.

Students at the University of Ok
lahoma are required to pay a fee of
$3 per hpyr fpr each course in which
they fail.
