# Adv. 13 Page 4
## 
### 
/ IH3 Broadwa^A
.Just Received.
Allegretti's Celebrated Chocolates.
Stanford Pharmacy, H. F. Chandler,
proprietor.
/ IH3 Broadwa^A
.Just Received.
Allegretti's Celebrated Chocolates.
Stanford Pharmacy, H. F. Chandler,
proprietor.
/ IH3 Broadwa^A
.Just Received.
Allegretti's Celebrated Chocolates.
Stanford Pharmacy, H. F. Chandler,
proprietor.
/ IH3 Broadwa^A
.Just Received.
Allegretti's Celebrated Chocolates.
Stanford Pharmacy, H. F. Chandler,
proprietor.
/ IH3 Broadwa^A
.Just Received.
Allegretti's Celebrated Chocolates.
Stanford Pharmacy, H. F. Chandler,
proprietor.
/ IH3 Broadwa^A
.Just Received.
Allegretti's Celebrated Chocolates.
Stanford Pharmacy, H. F. Chandler,
proprietor.
/ IH3 Broadwa^A
.Just Received.
Allegretti's Celebrated Chocolates.
Stanford Pharmacy, H. F. Chandler,
proprietor.
/ IH3 Broadwa^A
.Just Received.
Allegretti's Celebrated Chocolates.
Stanford Pharmacy, H. F. Chandler,
proprietor.
/ IH3 Broadwa^A
.Just Received.
Allegretti's Celebrated Chocolates.
Stanford Pharmacy, H. F. Chandler,
proprietor.
/ IH3 Broadwa^A
.Just Received.
Allegretti's Celebrated Chocolates.
Stanford Pharmacy, H. F. Chandler,
proprietor.
