# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The drastic action taken by the
Student Affairs Committee this af
ternoon in regard to the parade of
last Thursday night comes as a sur
prise to the entire Student Body.
There are two points in regard to
the action taken by the Committee
which appear to us to be subject to
criticism. In the first place, it is
our opinion that the penalty inflict
ed by the Committee is far too se
vere for the offence for which they
are being disciplined. This penalty,
particularly in the case of the Sen
iors Involved, is unusually severe,
and it seems too drastic. The sec
ond point in regard to the action
taken that may rightly be raised con
cerns the justice of the matter.
Twelve men have been taken indis
criminately from among several hun
dred and dealt with in summary fash
ion. These men have not been sub
jected to discipline because they
were leaders in the affair, or because
they are believed to have incited the
parade, but are punished in the most
severe style because they were among
a large number of students who
were equally involved. We do not
believe that such action is just.
