# Protest Against Loss of Redwoods.
## 
### 
The mass meeting called for Wed
nesday evening, March 18, at the
Palo Alto Playhouse, corner of Bry
ant street and Channing avenue, is
one of a series of mass meetings be
ing held in the coast counties, to pro
test against the continued destruc
tion of the redwoods in the Califor
nia State Park, commonly called the
"Big Basin."
Mayor Parkinson will be the pre
siding officer, and a communication
from Dr. David Starr Jordan will be
read by Professor W. R. Dudley, of
the Botany department, who has re
cently visited the lumber camp which
has been given permission to estab
lish itself among the big trees.
Dr. George Wharton James, the
author and lecturer, will deliver an
address.
Professors and students from Stan
ford University are invited to attend.
