# Contents
## 
### 
Too much work
4 Movie critics Siskel
and Ebert work extra
hours to review the
Juice's performance in
this week's opinion's car
toon.

Not enough play
6 Stanford graduates
finally find some
time to play and fool
around with their Tonka
Trucks and Toys 'R Us
shields . .. and receive
their degrees at the same
time.

Forever young
BAs8 As the United Na
tions turns 50, Stan
ford faculty and Hoover
officials look back at the
accomplishments, fail
ures and future of the in
ternational organiza
tion.

Forever strong
14% Stanford flexes
JBii its muscles to
bring home the second
annual Sears Director's
Cup, which honors the
University's sports pro
gram as the best in the
nation.

Looking back
Insights to pho-
Ansel
Adam's life are revealed
in a San Francisco exhib
it featuring a collection
of memorabilia, personal
artifacts and, of course,
pictures.





Too much work
4 Movie critics Siskel
and Ebert work extra
hours to review the
Juice's performance in
this week's opinion's car
toon.

Not enough play
6 Stanford graduates
finally find some
time to play and fool
around with their Tonka
Trucks and Toys 'R Us
shields . .. and receive
their degrees at the same
time.

Forever young
BAs8 As the United Na
tions turns 50, Stan
ford faculty and Hoover
officials look back at the
accomplishments, fail
ures and future of the in
ternational organiza
tion.

Forever strong
14% Stanford flexes
JBii its muscles to
bring home the second
annual Sears Director's
Cup, which honors the
University's sports pro
gram as the best in the
nation.

Looking back
Insights to pho-
Ansel
Adam's life are revealed
in a San Francisco exhib
it featuring a collection
of memorabilia, personal
artifacts and, of course,
pictures.





Too much work
4 Movie critics Siskel
and Ebert work extra
hours to review the
Juice's performance in
this week's opinion's car
toon.

Not enough play
6 Stanford graduates
finally find some
time to play and fool
around with their Tonka
Trucks and Toys 'R Us
shields . .. and receive
their degrees at the same
time.

Forever young
BAs8 As the United Na
tions turns 50, Stan
ford faculty and Hoover
officials look back at the
accomplishments, fail
ures and future of the in
ternational organiza
tion.

Forever strong
14% Stanford flexes
JBii its muscles to
bring home the second
annual Sears Director's
Cup, which honors the
University's sports pro
gram as the best in the
nation.

Looking back
Insights to pho-
Ansel
Adam's life are revealed
in a San Francisco exhib
it featuring a collection
of memorabilia, personal
artifacts and, of course,
pictures.





Too much work
4 Movie critics Siskel
and Ebert work extra
hours to review the
Juice's performance in
this week's opinion's car
toon.

Not enough play
6 Stanford graduates
finally find some
time to play and fool
around with their Tonka
Trucks and Toys 'R Us
shields . .. and receive
their degrees at the same
time.

Forever young
BAs8 As the United Na
tions turns 50, Stan
ford faculty and Hoover
officials look back at the
accomplishments, fail
ures and future of the in
ternational organiza
tion.

Forever strong
14% Stanford flexes
JBii its muscles to
bring home the second
annual Sears Director's
Cup, which honors the
University's sports pro
gram as the best in the
nation.

Looking back
Insights to pho-
Ansel
Adam's life are revealed
in a San Francisco exhib
it featuring a collection
of memorabilia, personal
artifacts and, of course,
pictures.





Too much work
4 Movie critics Siskel
and Ebert work extra
hours to review the
Juice's performance in
this week's opinion's car
toon.

Not enough play
6 Stanford graduates
finally find some
time to play and fool
around with their Tonka
Trucks and Toys 'R Us
shields . .. and receive
their degrees at the same
time.

Forever young
BAs8 As the United Na
tions turns 50, Stan
ford faculty and Hoover
officials look back at the
accomplishments, fail
ures and future of the in
ternational organiza
tion.

Forever strong
14% Stanford flexes
JBii its muscles to
bring home the second
annual Sears Director's
Cup, which honors the
University's sports pro
gram as the best in the
nation.

Looking back
Insights to pho-
Ansel
Adam's life are revealed
in a San Francisco exhib
it featuring a collection
of memorabilia, personal
artifacts and, of course,
pictures.





