# Union to Feature Boxing at Smoker
## 
### 
Dr. Wilbur yesterday gave his ap
proval to the plans for boxing
matches, either decision or non-decis
ion, at the big Union smoker of the
semester, slated for the middle of
April. Lytle and Pedley, middle
weights; Murphy and Sullivan, welt
erweights, and possibly Rowling and
McNulty, have been signed up by the
committee, and a regular ring will be
built in front of the bandstand.
H. W. Maloney will probably referee
the matches and as the men will be
evenly matched, there will be some
fast bouts. The new ring will be
built by a profesional ring builder,
the floor will bo of specified spring
iness and the ring will be roped.
Boxing fans will have a chance to see
the best men in college in action that
night. There is a good deal of con
troversy as to the best boxers in the
University, as neither Lytle nor Sul
livan entered the Uinversity cham
pionship matches.
In addition to the boxing, the band
and glee club will be in the band
shell, and the earlier part of the eve
ning will be devoted to speeches in
the Union.
Dr. Wilbur yesterday gave his ap
proval to the plans for boxing
matches, either decision or non-decis
ion, at the big Union smoker of the
semester, slated for the middle of
April. Lytle and Pedley, middle
weights; Murphy and Sullivan, welt
erweights, and possibly Rowling and
McNulty, have been signed up by the
committee, and a regular ring will be
built in front of the bandstand.
H. W. Maloney will probably referee
the matches and as the men will be
evenly matched, there will be some
fast bouts. The new ring will be
built by a profesional ring builder,
the floor will bo of specified spring
iness and the ring will be roped.
Boxing fans will have a chance to see
the best men in college in action that
night. There is a good deal of con
troversy as to the best boxers in the
University, as neither Lytle nor Sul
livan entered the Uinversity cham
pionship matches.
In addition to the boxing, the band
and glee club will be in the band
shell, and the earlier part of the eve
ning will be devoted to speeches in
the Union.
Dr. Wilbur yesterday gave his ap
proval to the plans for boxing
matches, either decision or non-decis
ion, at the big Union smoker of the
semester, slated for the middle of
April. Lytle and Pedley, middle
weights; Murphy and Sullivan, welt
erweights, and possibly Rowling and
McNulty, have been signed up by the
committee, and a regular ring will be
built in front of the bandstand.
H. W. Maloney will probably referee
the matches and as the men will be
evenly matched, there will be some
fast bouts. The new ring will be
built by a profesional ring builder,
the floor will bo of specified spring
iness and the ring will be roped.
Boxing fans will have a chance to see
the best men in college in action that
night. There is a good deal of con
troversy as to the best boxers in the
University, as neither Lytle nor Sul
livan entered the Uinversity cham
pionship matches.
In addition to the boxing, the band
and glee club will be in the band
shell, and the earlier part of the eve
ning will be devoted to speeches in
the Union.
Dr. Wilbur yesterday gave his ap
proval to the plans for boxing
matches, either decision or non-decis
ion, at the big Union smoker of the
semester, slated for the middle of
April. Lytle and Pedley, middle
weights; Murphy and Sullivan, welt
erweights, and possibly Rowling and
McNulty, have been signed up by the
committee, and a regular ring will be
built in front of the bandstand.
H. W. Maloney will probably referee
the matches and as the men will be
evenly matched, there will be some
fast bouts. The new ring will be
built by a profesional ring builder,
the floor will bo of specified spring
iness and the ring will be roped.
Boxing fans will have a chance to see
the best men in college in action that
night. There is a good deal of con
troversy as to the best boxers in the
University, as neither Lytle nor Sul
livan entered the Uinversity cham
pionship matches.
In addition to the boxing, the band
and glee club will be in the band
shell, and the earlier part of the eve
ning will be devoted to speeches in
the Union.
Dr. Wilbur yesterday gave his ap
proval to the plans for boxing
matches, either decision or non-decis
ion, at the big Union smoker of the
semester, slated for the middle of
April. Lytle and Pedley, middle
weights; Murphy and Sullivan, welt
erweights, and possibly Rowling and
McNulty, have been signed up by the
committee, and a regular ring will be
built in front of the bandstand.
H. W. Maloney will probably referee
the matches and as the men will be
evenly matched, there will be some
fast bouts. The new ring will be
built by a profesional ring builder,
the floor will bo of specified spring
iness and the ring will be roped.
Boxing fans will have a chance to see
the best men in college in action that
night. There is a good deal of con
troversy as to the best boxers in the
University, as neither Lytle nor Sul
livan entered the Uinversity cham
pionship matches.
In addition to the boxing, the band
and glee club will be in the band
shell, and the earlier part of the eve
ning will be devoted to speeches in
the Union.
Dr. Wilbur yesterday gave his ap
proval to the plans for boxing
matches, either decision or non-decis
ion, at the big Union smoker of the
semester, slated for the middle of
April. Lytle and Pedley, middle
weights; Murphy and Sullivan, welt
erweights, and possibly Rowling and
McNulty, have been signed up by the
committee, and a regular ring will be
built in front of the bandstand.
H. W. Maloney will probably referee
the matches and as the men will be
evenly matched, there will be some
fast bouts. The new ring will be
built by a profesional ring builder,
the floor will bo of specified spring
iness and the ring will be roped.
Boxing fans will have a chance to see
the best men in college in action that
night. There is a good deal of con
troversy as to the best boxers in the
University, as neither Lytle nor Sul
livan entered the Uinversity cham
pionship matches.
In addition to the boxing, the band
and glee club will be in the band
shell, and the earlier part of the eve
ning will be devoted to speeches in
the Union.
Dr. Wilbur yesterday gave his ap
proval to the plans for boxing
matches, either decision or non-decis
ion, at the big Union smoker of the
semester, slated for the middle of
April. Lytle and Pedley, middle
weights; Murphy and Sullivan, welt
erweights, and possibly Rowling and
McNulty, have been signed up by the
committee, and a regular ring will be
built in front of the bandstand.
H. W. Maloney will probably referee
the matches and as the men will be
evenly matched, there will be some
fast bouts. The new ring will be
built by a profesional ring builder,
the floor will bo of specified spring
iness and the ring will be roped.
Boxing fans will have a chance to see
the best men in college in action that
night. There is a good deal of con
troversy as to the best boxers in the
University, as neither Lytle nor Sul
livan entered the Uinversity cham
pionship matches.
In addition to the boxing, the band
and glee club will be in the band
shell, and the earlier part of the eve
ning will be devoted to speeches in
the Union.
Dr. Wilbur yesterday gave his ap
proval to the plans for boxing
matches, either decision or non-decis
ion, at the big Union smoker of the
semester, slated for the middle of
April. Lytle and Pedley, middle
weights; Murphy and Sullivan, welt
erweights, and possibly Rowling and
McNulty, have been signed up by the
committee, and a regular ring will be
built in front of the bandstand.
H. W. Maloney will probably referee
the matches and as the men will be
evenly matched, there will be some
fast bouts. The new ring will be
built by a profesional ring builder,
the floor will bo of specified spring
iness and the ring will be roped.
Boxing fans will have a chance to see
the best men in college in action that
night. There is a good deal of con
troversy as to the best boxers in the
University, as neither Lytle nor Sul
livan entered the Uinversity cham
pionship matches.
In addition to the boxing, the band
and glee club will be in the band
shell, and the earlier part of the eve
ning will be devoted to speeches in
the Union.
Dr. Wilbur yesterday gave his ap
proval to the plans for boxing
matches, either decision or non-decis
ion, at the big Union smoker of the
semester, slated for the middle of
April. Lytle and Pedley, middle
weights; Murphy and Sullivan, welt
erweights, and possibly Rowling and
McNulty, have been signed up by the
committee, and a regular ring will be
built in front of the bandstand.
H. W. Maloney will probably referee
the matches and as the men will be
evenly matched, there will be some
fast bouts. The new ring will be
built by a profesional ring builder,
the floor will bo of specified spring
iness and the ring will be roped.
Boxing fans will have a chance to see
the best men in college in action that
night. There is a good deal of con
troversy as to the best boxers in the
University, as neither Lytle nor Sul
livan entered the Uinversity cham
pionship matches.
In addition to the boxing, the band
and glee club will be in the band
shell, and the earlier part of the eve
ning will be devoted to speeches in
the Union.
Dr. Wilbur yesterday gave his ap
proval to the plans for boxing
matches, either decision or non-decis
ion, at the big Union smoker of the
semester, slated for the middle of
April. Lytle and Pedley, middle
weights; Murphy and Sullivan, welt
erweights, and possibly Rowling and
McNulty, have been signed up by the
committee, and a regular ring will be
built in front of the bandstand.
H. W. Maloney will probably referee
the matches and as the men will be
evenly matched, there will be some
fast bouts. The new ring will be
built by a profesional ring builder,
the floor will bo of specified spring
iness and the ring will be roped.
Boxing fans will have a chance to see
the best men in college in action that
night. There is a good deal of con
troversy as to the best boxers in the
University, as neither Lytle nor Sul
livan entered the Uinversity cham
pionship matches.
In addition to the boxing, the band
and glee club will be in the band
shell, and the earlier part of the eve
ning will be devoted to speeches in
the Union.
Dr. Wilbur yesterday gave his ap
proval to the plans for boxing
matches, either decision or non-decis
ion, at the big Union smoker of the
semester, slated for the middle of
April. Lytle and Pedley, middle
weights; Murphy and Sullivan, welt
erweights, and possibly Rowling and
McNulty, have been signed up by the
committee, and a regular ring will be
built in front of the bandstand.
H. W. Maloney will probably referee
the matches and as the men will be
evenly matched, there will be some
fast bouts. The new ring will be
built by a profesional ring builder,
the floor will bo of specified spring
iness and the ring will be roped.
Boxing fans will have a chance to see
the best men in college in action that
night. There is a good deal of con
troversy as to the best boxers in the
University, as neither Lytle nor Sul
livan entered the Uinversity cham
pionship matches.
In addition to the boxing, the band
and glee club will be in the band
shell, and the earlier part of the eve
ning will be devoted to speeches in
the Union.
Dr. Wilbur yesterday gave his ap
proval to the plans for boxing
matches, either decision or non-decis
ion, at the big Union smoker of the
semester, slated for the middle of
April. Lytle and Pedley, middle
weights; Murphy and Sullivan, welt
erweights, and possibly Rowling and
McNulty, have been signed up by the
committee, and a regular ring will be
built in front of the bandstand.
H. W. Maloney will probably referee
the matches and as the men will be
evenly matched, there will be some
fast bouts. The new ring will be
built by a profesional ring builder,
the floor will bo of specified spring
iness and the ring will be roped.
Boxing fans will have a chance to see
the best men in college in action that
night. There is a good deal of con
troversy as to the best boxers in the
University, as neither Lytle nor Sul
livan entered the Uinversity cham
pionship matches.
In addition to the boxing, the band
and glee club will be in the band
shell, and the earlier part of the eve
ning will be devoted to speeches in
the Union.
Dr. Wilbur yesterday gave his ap
proval to the plans for boxing
matches, either decision or non-decis
ion, at the big Union smoker of the
semester, slated for the middle of
April. Lytle and Pedley, middle
weights; Murphy and Sullivan, welt
erweights, and possibly Rowling and
McNulty, have been signed up by the
committee, and a regular ring will be
built in front of the bandstand.
H. W. Maloney will probably referee
the matches and as the men will be
evenly matched, there will be some
fast bouts. The new ring will be
built by a profesional ring builder,
the floor will bo of specified spring
iness and the ring will be roped.
Boxing fans will have a chance to see
the best men in college in action that
night. There is a good deal of con
troversy as to the best boxers in the
University, as neither Lytle nor Sul
livan entered the Uinversity cham
pionship matches.
In addition to the boxing, the band
and glee club will be in the band
shell, and the earlier part of the eve
ning will be devoted to speeches in
the Union.
Dr. Wilbur yesterday gave his ap
proval to the plans for boxing
matches, either decision or non-decis
ion, at the big Union smoker of the
semester, slated for the middle of
April. Lytle and Pedley, middle
weights; Murphy and Sullivan, welt
erweights, and possibly Rowling and
McNulty, have been signed up by the
committee, and a regular ring will be
built in front of the bandstand.
H. W. Maloney will probably referee
the matches and as the men will be
evenly matched, there will be some
fast bouts. The new ring will be
built by a profesional ring builder,
the floor will bo of specified spring
iness and the ring will be roped.
Boxing fans will have a chance to see
the best men in college in action that
night. There is a good deal of con
troversy as to the best boxers in the
University, as neither Lytle nor Sul
livan entered the Uinversity cham
pionship matches.
In addition to the boxing, the band
and glee club will be in the band
shell, and the earlier part of the eve
ning will be devoted to speeches in
the Union.
Dr. Wilbur yesterday gave his ap
proval to the plans for boxing
matches, either decision or non-decis
ion, at the big Union smoker of the
semester, slated for the middle of
April. Lytle and Pedley, middle
weights; Murphy and Sullivan, welt
erweights, and possibly Rowling and
McNulty, have been signed up by the
committee, and a regular ring will be
built in front of the bandstand.
H. W. Maloney will probably referee
the matches and as the men will be
evenly matched, there will be some
fast bouts. The new ring will be
built by a profesional ring builder,
the floor will bo of specified spring
iness and the ring will be roped.
Boxing fans will have a chance to see
the best men in college in action that
night. There is a good deal of con
troversy as to the best boxers in the
University, as neither Lytle nor Sul
livan entered the Uinversity cham
pionship matches.
In addition to the boxing, the band
and glee club will be in the band
shell, and the earlier part of the eve
ning will be devoted to speeches in
the Union.
