# Intercept
## 
### 
SACRAMENTO
(AP)—Dangerous drugs were just
as plentiful in California during
Operation Intercept as before, a
Los Angeles police captain told a
legislative subcommittee
Wednesday.

"This leads us to believe that
the channels of dangerous drugs
start in the United States and in
many cases end here," added
Capt. Roger Gindin, head of the
department's narcotics division.
Gindin, other law officers and
two former narcotics addicts
testified before the Assembly
subcommittee on drug abuse and
alcoholism. Chairman William
Campbell, R-Hacienda Heights,
called the hearing to determine to
what extent legally manufactured
dangerous drugs find their way
onto the black market in this
country.
"Information which I have
received indicates that most
'street market' pills are legally
manufactured," Campbell said.
"How they get to the 'street
market' is something which we
intend to explore here today." He
said a major supply line appeared
to run from legal firms in the
United States to wholesalers or
distributors in Mexico and then
back to this country.
But Gindin testified, "There
appears to be no need any longer
to ship to Mexico and ship them
back again."
SACRAMENTO
(AP)—Dangerous drugs were just
as plentiful in California during
Operation Intercept as before, a
Los Angeles police captain told a
legislative subcommittee
Wednesday.

"This leads us to believe that
the channels of dangerous drugs
start in the United States and in
many cases end here," added
Capt. Roger Gindin, head of the
department's narcotics division.
Gindin, other law officers and
two former narcotics addicts
testified before the Assembly
subcommittee on drug abuse and
alcoholism. Chairman William
Campbell, R-Hacienda Heights,
called the hearing to determine to
what extent legally manufactured
dangerous drugs find their way
onto the black market in this
country.
"Information which I have
received indicates that most
'street market' pills are legally
manufactured," Campbell said.
"How they get to the 'street
market' is something which we
intend to explore here today." He
said a major supply line appeared
to run from legal firms in the
United States to wholesalers or
distributors in Mexico and then
back to this country.
But Gindin testified, "There
appears to be no need any longer
to ship to Mexico and ship them
back again."
SACRAMENTO
(AP)—Dangerous drugs were just
as plentiful in California during
Operation Intercept as before, a
Los Angeles police captain told a
legislative subcommittee
Wednesday.

"This leads us to believe that
the channels of dangerous drugs
start in the United States and in
many cases end here," added
Capt. Roger Gindin, head of the
department's narcotics division.
Gindin, other law officers and
two former narcotics addicts
testified before the Assembly
subcommittee on drug abuse and
alcoholism. Chairman William
Campbell, R-Hacienda Heights,
called the hearing to determine to
what extent legally manufactured
dangerous drugs find their way
onto the black market in this
country.
"Information which I have
received indicates that most
'street market' pills are legally
manufactured," Campbell said.
"How they get to the 'street
market' is something which we
intend to explore here today." He
said a major supply line appeared
to run from legal firms in the
United States to wholesalers or
distributors in Mexico and then
back to this country.
But Gindin testified, "There
appears to be no need any longer
to ship to Mexico and ship them
back again."
SACRAMENTO
(AP)—Dangerous drugs were just
as plentiful in California during
Operation Intercept as before, a
Los Angeles police captain told a
legislative subcommittee
Wednesday.

"This leads us to believe that
the channels of dangerous drugs
start in the United States and in
many cases end here," added
Capt. Roger Gindin, head of the
department's narcotics division.
Gindin, other law officers and
two former narcotics addicts
testified before the Assembly
subcommittee on drug abuse and
alcoholism. Chairman William
Campbell, R-Hacienda Heights,
called the hearing to determine to
what extent legally manufactured
dangerous drugs find their way
onto the black market in this
country.
"Information which I have
received indicates that most
'street market' pills are legally
manufactured," Campbell said.
"How they get to the 'street
market' is something which we
intend to explore here today." He
said a major supply line appeared
to run from legal firms in the
United States to wholesalers or
distributors in Mexico and then
back to this country.
But Gindin testified, "There
appears to be no need any longer
to ship to Mexico and ship them
back again."
SACRAMENTO
(AP)—Dangerous drugs were just
as plentiful in California during
Operation Intercept as before, a
Los Angeles police captain told a
legislative subcommittee
Wednesday.

"This leads us to believe that
the channels of dangerous drugs
start in the United States and in
many cases end here," added
Capt. Roger Gindin, head of the
department's narcotics division.
Gindin, other law officers and
two former narcotics addicts
testified before the Assembly
subcommittee on drug abuse and
alcoholism. Chairman William
Campbell, R-Hacienda Heights,
called the hearing to determine to
what extent legally manufactured
dangerous drugs find their way
onto the black market in this
country.
"Information which I have
received indicates that most
'street market' pills are legally
manufactured," Campbell said.
"How they get to the 'street
market' is something which we
intend to explore here today." He
said a major supply line appeared
to run from legal firms in the
United States to wholesalers or
distributors in Mexico and then
back to this country.
But Gindin testified, "There
appears to be no need any longer
to ship to Mexico and ship them
back again."
SACRAMENTO
(AP)—Dangerous drugs were just
as plentiful in California during
Operation Intercept as before, a
Los Angeles police captain told a
legislative subcommittee
Wednesday.

"This leads us to believe that
the channels of dangerous drugs
start in the United States and in
many cases end here," added
Capt. Roger Gindin, head of the
department's narcotics division.
Gindin, other law officers and
two former narcotics addicts
testified before the Assembly
subcommittee on drug abuse and
alcoholism. Chairman William
Campbell, R-Hacienda Heights,
called the hearing to determine to
what extent legally manufactured
dangerous drugs find their way
onto the black market in this
country.
"Information which I have
received indicates that most
'street market' pills are legally
manufactured," Campbell said.
"How they get to the 'street
market' is something which we
intend to explore here today." He
said a major supply line appeared
to run from legal firms in the
United States to wholesalers or
distributors in Mexico and then
back to this country.
But Gindin testified, "There
appears to be no need any longer
to ship to Mexico and ship them
back again."
SACRAMENTO
(AP)—Dangerous drugs were just
as plentiful in California during
Operation Intercept as before, a
Los Angeles police captain told a
legislative subcommittee
Wednesday.

"This leads us to believe that
the channels of dangerous drugs
start in the United States and in
many cases end here," added
Capt. Roger Gindin, head of the
department's narcotics division.
Gindin, other law officers and
two former narcotics addicts
testified before the Assembly
subcommittee on drug abuse and
alcoholism. Chairman William
Campbell, R-Hacienda Heights,
called the hearing to determine to
what extent legally manufactured
dangerous drugs find their way
onto the black market in this
country.
"Information which I have
received indicates that most
'street market' pills are legally
manufactured," Campbell said.
"How they get to the 'street
market' is something which we
intend to explore here today." He
said a major supply line appeared
to run from legal firms in the
United States to wholesalers or
distributors in Mexico and then
back to this country.
But Gindin testified, "There
appears to be no need any longer
to ship to Mexico and ship them
back again."
SACRAMENTO
(AP)—Dangerous drugs were just
as plentiful in California during
Operation Intercept as before, a
Los Angeles police captain told a
legislative subcommittee
Wednesday.

"This leads us to believe that
the channels of dangerous drugs
start in the United States and in
many cases end here," added
Capt. Roger Gindin, head of the
department's narcotics division.
Gindin, other law officers and
two former narcotics addicts
testified before the Assembly
subcommittee on drug abuse and
alcoholism. Chairman William
Campbell, R-Hacienda Heights,
called the hearing to determine to
what extent legally manufactured
dangerous drugs find their way
onto the black market in this
country.
"Information which I have
received indicates that most
'street market' pills are legally
manufactured," Campbell said.
"How they get to the 'street
market' is something which we
intend to explore here today." He
said a major supply line appeared
to run from legal firms in the
United States to wholesalers or
distributors in Mexico and then
back to this country.
But Gindin testified, "There
appears to be no need any longer
to ship to Mexico and ship them
back again."
SACRAMENTO
(AP)—Dangerous drugs were just
as plentiful in California during
Operation Intercept as before, a
Los Angeles police captain told a
legislative subcommittee
Wednesday.

"This leads us to believe that
the channels of dangerous drugs
start in the United States and in
many cases end here," added
Capt. Roger Gindin, head of the
department's narcotics division.
Gindin, other law officers and
two former narcotics addicts
testified before the Assembly
subcommittee on drug abuse and
alcoholism. Chairman William
Campbell, R-Hacienda Heights,
called the hearing to determine to
what extent legally manufactured
dangerous drugs find their way
onto the black market in this
country.
"Information which I have
received indicates that most
'street market' pills are legally
manufactured," Campbell said.
"How they get to the 'street
market' is something which we
intend to explore here today." He
said a major supply line appeared
to run from legal firms in the
United States to wholesalers or
distributors in Mexico and then
back to this country.
But Gindin testified, "There
appears to be no need any longer
to ship to Mexico and ship them
back again."
SACRAMENTO
(AP)—Dangerous drugs were just
as plentiful in California during
Operation Intercept as before, a
Los Angeles police captain told a
legislative subcommittee
Wednesday.

"This leads us to believe that
the channels of dangerous drugs
start in the United States and in
many cases end here," added
Capt. Roger Gindin, head of the
department's narcotics division.
Gindin, other law officers and
two former narcotics addicts
testified before the Assembly
subcommittee on drug abuse and
alcoholism. Chairman William
Campbell, R-Hacienda Heights,
called the hearing to determine to
what extent legally manufactured
dangerous drugs find their way
onto the black market in this
country.
"Information which I have
received indicates that most
'street market' pills are legally
manufactured," Campbell said.
"How they get to the 'street
market' is something which we
intend to explore here today." He
said a major supply line appeared
to run from legal firms in the
United States to wholesalers or
distributors in Mexico and then
back to this country.
But Gindin testified, "There
appears to be no need any longer
to ship to Mexico and ship them
back again."
SACRAMENTO
(AP)—Dangerous drugs were just
as plentiful in California during
Operation Intercept as before, a
Los Angeles police captain told a
legislative subcommittee
Wednesday.

"This leads us to believe that
the channels of dangerous drugs
start in the United States and in
many cases end here," added
Capt. Roger Gindin, head of the
department's narcotics division.
Gindin, other law officers and
two former narcotics addicts
testified before the Assembly
subcommittee on drug abuse and
alcoholism. Chairman William
Campbell, R-Hacienda Heights,
called the hearing to determine to
what extent legally manufactured
dangerous drugs find their way
onto the black market in this
country.
"Information which I have
received indicates that most
'street market' pills are legally
manufactured," Campbell said.
"How they get to the 'street
market' is something which we
intend to explore here today." He
said a major supply line appeared
to run from legal firms in the
United States to wholesalers or
distributors in Mexico and then
back to this country.
But Gindin testified, "There
appears to be no need any longer
to ship to Mexico and ship them
back again."
SACRAMENTO
(AP)—Dangerous drugs were just
as plentiful in California during
Operation Intercept as before, a
Los Angeles police captain told a
legislative subcommittee
Wednesday.

"This leads us to believe that
the channels of dangerous drugs
start in the United States and in
many cases end here," added
Capt. Roger Gindin, head of the
department's narcotics division.
Gindin, other law officers and
two former narcotics addicts
testified before the Assembly
subcommittee on drug abuse and
alcoholism. Chairman William
Campbell, R-Hacienda Heights,
called the hearing to determine to
what extent legally manufactured
dangerous drugs find their way
onto the black market in this
country.
"Information which I have
received indicates that most
'street market' pills are legally
manufactured," Campbell said.
"How they get to the 'street
market' is something which we
intend to explore here today." He
said a major supply line appeared
to run from legal firms in the
United States to wholesalers or
distributors in Mexico and then
back to this country.
But Gindin testified, "There
appears to be no need any longer
to ship to Mexico and ship them
back again."
SACRAMENTO
(AP)—Dangerous drugs were just
as plentiful in California during
Operation Intercept as before, a
Los Angeles police captain told a
legislative subcommittee
Wednesday.

"This leads us to believe that
the channels of dangerous drugs
start in the United States and in
many cases end here," added
Capt. Roger Gindin, head of the
department's narcotics division.
Gindin, other law officers and
two former narcotics addicts
testified before the Assembly
subcommittee on drug abuse and
alcoholism. Chairman William
Campbell, R-Hacienda Heights,
called the hearing to determine to
what extent legally manufactured
dangerous drugs find their way
onto the black market in this
country.
"Information which I have
received indicates that most
'street market' pills are legally
manufactured," Campbell said.
"How they get to the 'street
market' is something which we
intend to explore here today." He
said a major supply line appeared
to run from legal firms in the
United States to wholesalers or
distributors in Mexico and then
back to this country.
But Gindin testified, "There
appears to be no need any longer
to ship to Mexico and ship them
back again."
SACRAMENTO
(AP)—Dangerous drugs were just
as plentiful in California during
Operation Intercept as before, a
Los Angeles police captain told a
legislative subcommittee
Wednesday.

"This leads us to believe that
the channels of dangerous drugs
start in the United States and in
many cases end here," added
Capt. Roger Gindin, head of the
department's narcotics division.
Gindin, other law officers and
two former narcotics addicts
testified before the Assembly
subcommittee on drug abuse and
alcoholism. Chairman William
Campbell, R-Hacienda Heights,
called the hearing to determine to
what extent legally manufactured
dangerous drugs find their way
onto the black market in this
country.
"Information which I have
received indicates that most
'street market' pills are legally
manufactured," Campbell said.
"How they get to the 'street
market' is something which we
intend to explore here today." He
said a major supply line appeared
to run from legal firms in the
United States to wholesalers or
distributors in Mexico and then
back to this country.
But Gindin testified, "There
appears to be no need any longer
to ship to Mexico and ship them
back again."
SACRAMENTO
(AP)—Dangerous drugs were just
as plentiful in California during
Operation Intercept as before, a
Los Angeles police captain told a
legislative subcommittee
Wednesday.

"This leads us to believe that
the channels of dangerous drugs
start in the United States and in
many cases end here," added
Capt. Roger Gindin, head of the
department's narcotics division.
Gindin, other law officers and
two former narcotics addicts
testified before the Assembly
subcommittee on drug abuse and
alcoholism. Chairman William
Campbell, R-Hacienda Heights,
called the hearing to determine to
what extent legally manufactured
dangerous drugs find their way
onto the black market in this
country.
"Information which I have
received indicates that most
'street market' pills are legally
manufactured," Campbell said.
"How they get to the 'street
market' is something which we
intend to explore here today." He
said a major supply line appeared
to run from legal firms in the
United States to wholesalers or
distributors in Mexico and then
back to this country.
But Gindin testified, "There
appears to be no need any longer
to ship to Mexico and ship them
back again."
