# OREGON HOLDS WHISKERINO
## 
### 
Climaxing an elaborate whisker
growing campaign, the sophomore
class of (he University of Oregon
played host to the campus on April
12 in the "Days of '49" Sophomore
Whiskerino. Decorations trans
formed the ballroom into the like
ness of a barroom with saloon
keepers serving plenty of non-alco
holic beverages.
Climaxing an elaborate whisker
growing campaign, the sophomore
class of (he University of Oregon
played host to the campus on April
12 in the "Days of '49" Sophomore
Whiskerino. Decorations trans
formed the ballroom into the like
ness of a barroom with saloon
keepers serving plenty of non-alco
holic beverages.
Climaxing an elaborate whisker
growing campaign, the sophomore
class of (he University of Oregon
played host to the campus on April
12 in the "Days of '49" Sophomore
Whiskerino. Decorations trans
formed the ballroom into the like
ness of a barroom with saloon
keepers serving plenty of non-alco
holic beverages.
Climaxing an elaborate whisker
growing campaign, the sophomore
class of (he University of Oregon
played host to the campus on April
12 in the "Days of '49" Sophomore
Whiskerino. Decorations trans
formed the ballroom into the like
ness of a barroom with saloon
keepers serving plenty of non-alco
holic beverages.
Climaxing an elaborate whisker
growing campaign, the sophomore
class of (he University of Oregon
played host to the campus on April
12 in the "Days of '49" Sophomore
Whiskerino. Decorations trans
formed the ballroom into the like
ness of a barroom with saloon
keepers serving plenty of non-alco
holic beverages.
Climaxing an elaborate whisker
growing campaign, the sophomore
class of (he University of Oregon
played host to the campus on April
12 in the "Days of '49" Sophomore
Whiskerino. Decorations trans
formed the ballroom into the like
ness of a barroom with saloon
keepers serving plenty of non-alco
holic beverages.
Climaxing an elaborate whisker
growing campaign, the sophomore
class of (he University of Oregon
played host to the campus on April
12 in the "Days of '49" Sophomore
Whiskerino. Decorations trans
formed the ballroom into the like
ness of a barroom with saloon
keepers serving plenty of non-alco
holic beverages.
Climaxing an elaborate whisker
growing campaign, the sophomore
class of (he University of Oregon
played host to the campus on April
12 in the "Days of '49" Sophomore
Whiskerino. Decorations trans
formed the ballroom into the like
ness of a barroom with saloon
keepers serving plenty of non-alco
holic beverages.
Climaxing an elaborate whisker
growing campaign, the sophomore
class of (he University of Oregon
played host to the campus on April
12 in the "Days of '49" Sophomore
Whiskerino. Decorations trans
formed the ballroom into the like
ness of a barroom with saloon
keepers serving plenty of non-alco
holic beverages.
Climaxing an elaborate whisker
growing campaign, the sophomore
class of (he University of Oregon
played host to the campus on April
12 in the "Days of '49" Sophomore
Whiskerino. Decorations trans
formed the ballroom into the like
ness of a barroom with saloon
keepers serving plenty of non-alco
holic beverages.
Climaxing an elaborate whisker
growing campaign, the sophomore
class of (he University of Oregon
played host to the campus on April
12 in the "Days of '49" Sophomore
Whiskerino. Decorations trans
formed the ballroom into the like
ness of a barroom with saloon
keepers serving plenty of non-alco
holic beverages.
Climaxing an elaborate whisker
growing campaign, the sophomore
class of (he University of Oregon
played host to the campus on April
12 in the "Days of '49" Sophomore
Whiskerino. Decorations trans
formed the ballroom into the like
ness of a barroom with saloon
keepers serving plenty of non-alco
holic beverages.
Climaxing an elaborate whisker
growing campaign, the sophomore
class of (he University of Oregon
played host to the campus on April
12 in the "Days of '49" Sophomore
Whiskerino. Decorations trans
formed the ballroom into the like
ness of a barroom with saloon
keepers serving plenty of non-alco
holic beverages.
Climaxing an elaborate whisker
growing campaign, the sophomore
class of (he University of Oregon
played host to the campus on April
12 in the "Days of '49" Sophomore
Whiskerino. Decorations trans
formed the ballroom into the like
ness of a barroom with saloon
keepers serving plenty of non-alco
holic beverages.
Climaxing an elaborate whisker
growing campaign, the sophomore
class of (he University of Oregon
played host to the campus on April
12 in the "Days of '49" Sophomore
Whiskerino. Decorations trans
formed the ballroom into the like
ness of a barroom with saloon
keepers serving plenty of non-alco
holic beverages.
