# Jury To Resume Search For Robles Case Clues
## 
### 
PHOENIX, Ariz., April 17 —
Investigation of the year-old kid
naping of June Robles, six-year-old
Tucson girl, held captive 19 days
in the desert near her home before
yhe was rescued, will be resumed by
a federal grand jury expected to re
convene at Tucson about April 19,
Clifton Mathews, U.S. District At
torney for Arizona, said today.
The call i.% expected to be issued
early next week. Mathews asserted
the department of justice agents
have been delving further into the
Robles ease and may have several
new clues, none of which has been
disclosed.
PHOENIX, Ariz., April 17 —
Investigation of the year-old kid
naping of June Robles, six-year-old
Tucson girl, held captive 19 days
in the desert near her home before
yhe was rescued, will be resumed by
a federal grand jury expected to re
convene at Tucson about April 19,
Clifton Mathews, U.S. District At
torney for Arizona, said today.
The call i.% expected to be issued
early next week. Mathews asserted
the department of justice agents
have been delving further into the
Robles ease and may have several
new clues, none of which has been
disclosed.
PHOENIX, Ariz., April 17 —
Investigation of the year-old kid
naping of June Robles, six-year-old
Tucson girl, held captive 19 days
in the desert near her home before
yhe was rescued, will be resumed by
a federal grand jury expected to re
convene at Tucson about April 19,
Clifton Mathews, U.S. District At
torney for Arizona, said today.
The call i.% expected to be issued
early next week. Mathews asserted
the department of justice agents
have been delving further into the
Robles ease and may have several
new clues, none of which has been
disclosed.
PHOENIX, Ariz., April 17 —
Investigation of the year-old kid
naping of June Robles, six-year-old
Tucson girl, held captive 19 days
in the desert near her home before
yhe was rescued, will be resumed by
a federal grand jury expected to re
convene at Tucson about April 19,
Clifton Mathews, U.S. District At
torney for Arizona, said today.
The call i.% expected to be issued
early next week. Mathews asserted
the department of justice agents
have been delving further into the
Robles ease and may have several
new clues, none of which has been
disclosed.
PHOENIX, Ariz., April 17 —
Investigation of the year-old kid
naping of June Robles, six-year-old
Tucson girl, held captive 19 days
in the desert near her home before
yhe was rescued, will be resumed by
a federal grand jury expected to re
convene at Tucson about April 19,
Clifton Mathews, U.S. District At
torney for Arizona, said today.
The call i.% expected to be issued
early next week. Mathews asserted
the department of justice agents
have been delving further into the
Robles ease and may have several
new clues, none of which has been
disclosed.
PHOENIX, Ariz., April 17 —
Investigation of the year-old kid
naping of June Robles, six-year-old
Tucson girl, held captive 19 days
in the desert near her home before
yhe was rescued, will be resumed by
a federal grand jury expected to re
convene at Tucson about April 19,
Clifton Mathews, U.S. District At
torney for Arizona, said today.
The call i.% expected to be issued
early next week. Mathews asserted
the department of justice agents
have been delving further into the
Robles ease and may have several
new clues, none of which has been
disclosed.
PHOENIX, Ariz., April 17 —
Investigation of the year-old kid
naping of June Robles, six-year-old
Tucson girl, held captive 19 days
in the desert near her home before
yhe was rescued, will be resumed by
a federal grand jury expected to re
convene at Tucson about April 19,
Clifton Mathews, U.S. District At
torney for Arizona, said today.
The call i.% expected to be issued
early next week. Mathews asserted
the department of justice agents
have been delving further into the
Robles ease and may have several
new clues, none of which has been
disclosed.
PHOENIX, Ariz., April 17 —
Investigation of the year-old kid
naping of June Robles, six-year-old
Tucson girl, held captive 19 days
in the desert near her home before
yhe was rescued, will be resumed by
a federal grand jury expected to re
convene at Tucson about April 19,
Clifton Mathews, U.S. District At
torney for Arizona, said today.
The call i.% expected to be issued
early next week. Mathews asserted
the department of justice agents
have been delving further into the
Robles ease and may have several
new clues, none of which has been
disclosed.
PHOENIX, Ariz., April 17 —
Investigation of the year-old kid
naping of June Robles, six-year-old
Tucson girl, held captive 19 days
in the desert near her home before
yhe was rescued, will be resumed by
a federal grand jury expected to re
convene at Tucson about April 19,
Clifton Mathews, U.S. District At
torney for Arizona, said today.
The call i.% expected to be issued
early next week. Mathews asserted
the department of justice agents
have been delving further into the
Robles ease and may have several
new clues, none of which has been
disclosed.
PHOENIX, Ariz., April 17 —
Investigation of the year-old kid
naping of June Robles, six-year-old
Tucson girl, held captive 19 days
in the desert near her home before
yhe was rescued, will be resumed by
a federal grand jury expected to re
convene at Tucson about April 19,
Clifton Mathews, U.S. District At
torney for Arizona, said today.
The call i.% expected to be issued
early next week. Mathews asserted
the department of justice agents
have been delving further into the
Robles ease and may have several
new clues, none of which has been
disclosed.
PHOENIX, Ariz., April 17 —
Investigation of the year-old kid
naping of June Robles, six-year-old
Tucson girl, held captive 19 days
in the desert near her home before
yhe was rescued, will be resumed by
a federal grand jury expected to re
convene at Tucson about April 19,
Clifton Mathews, U.S. District At
torney for Arizona, said today.
The call i.% expected to be issued
early next week. Mathews asserted
the department of justice agents
have been delving further into the
Robles ease and may have several
new clues, none of which has been
disclosed.
PHOENIX, Ariz., April 17 —
Investigation of the year-old kid
naping of June Robles, six-year-old
Tucson girl, held captive 19 days
in the desert near her home before
yhe was rescued, will be resumed by
a federal grand jury expected to re
convene at Tucson about April 19,
Clifton Mathews, U.S. District At
torney for Arizona, said today.
The call i.% expected to be issued
early next week. Mathews asserted
the department of justice agents
have been delving further into the
Robles ease and may have several
new clues, none of which has been
disclosed.
PHOENIX, Ariz., April 17 —
Investigation of the year-old kid
naping of June Robles, six-year-old
Tucson girl, held captive 19 days
in the desert near her home before
yhe was rescued, will be resumed by
a federal grand jury expected to re
convene at Tucson about April 19,
Clifton Mathews, U.S. District At
torney for Arizona, said today.
The call i.% expected to be issued
early next week. Mathews asserted
the department of justice agents
have been delving further into the
Robles ease and may have several
new clues, none of which has been
disclosed.
PHOENIX, Ariz., April 17 —
Investigation of the year-old kid
naping of June Robles, six-year-old
Tucson girl, held captive 19 days
in the desert near her home before
yhe was rescued, will be resumed by
a federal grand jury expected to re
convene at Tucson about April 19,
Clifton Mathews, U.S. District At
torney for Arizona, said today.
The call i.% expected to be issued
early next week. Mathews asserted
the department of justice agents
have been delving further into the
Robles ease and may have several
new clues, none of which has been
disclosed.
PHOENIX, Ariz., April 17 —
Investigation of the year-old kid
naping of June Robles, six-year-old
Tucson girl, held captive 19 days
in the desert near her home before
yhe was rescued, will be resumed by
a federal grand jury expected to re
convene at Tucson about April 19,
Clifton Mathews, U.S. District At
torney for Arizona, said today.
The call i.% expected to be issued
early next week. Mathews asserted
the department of justice agents
have been delving further into the
Robles ease and may have several
new clues, none of which has been
disclosed.
