# TIGER BITES TRAINER
## 
### 
Eight stitches were taken today on
the hand of Mabel Stark, well known
animal trainer who was attacked by
"Whitey," one of her tigers, during
a performance of the A1 G. Barnes
circus here.
Eight stitches were taken today on
the hand of Mabel Stark, well known
animal trainer who was attacked by
"Whitey," one of her tigers, during
a performance of the A1 G. Barnes
circus here.
Eight stitches were taken today on
the hand of Mabel Stark, well known
animal trainer who was attacked by
"Whitey," one of her tigers, during
a performance of the A1 G. Barnes
circus here.
Eight stitches were taken today on
the hand of Mabel Stark, well known
animal trainer who was attacked by
"Whitey," one of her tigers, during
a performance of the A1 G. Barnes
circus here.
Eight stitches were taken today on
the hand of Mabel Stark, well known
animal trainer who was attacked by
"Whitey," one of her tigers, during
a performance of the A1 G. Barnes
circus here.
Eight stitches were taken today on
the hand of Mabel Stark, well known
animal trainer who was attacked by
"Whitey," one of her tigers, during
a performance of the A1 G. Barnes
circus here.
Eight stitches were taken today on
the hand of Mabel Stark, well known
animal trainer who was attacked by
"Whitey," one of her tigers, during
a performance of the A1 G. Barnes
circus here.
Eight stitches were taken today on
the hand of Mabel Stark, well known
animal trainer who was attacked by
"Whitey," one of her tigers, during
a performance of the A1 G. Barnes
circus here.
Eight stitches were taken today on
the hand of Mabel Stark, well known
animal trainer who was attacked by
"Whitey," one of her tigers, during
a performance of the A1 G. Barnes
circus here.
Eight stitches were taken today on
the hand of Mabel Stark, well known
animal trainer who was attacked by
"Whitey," one of her tigers, during
a performance of the A1 G. Barnes
circus here.
Eight stitches were taken today on
the hand of Mabel Stark, well known
animal trainer who was attacked by
"Whitey," one of her tigers, during
a performance of the A1 G. Barnes
circus here.
Eight stitches were taken today on
the hand of Mabel Stark, well known
animal trainer who was attacked by
"Whitey," one of her tigers, during
a performance of the A1 G. Barnes
circus here.
Eight stitches were taken today on
the hand of Mabel Stark, well known
animal trainer who was attacked by
"Whitey," one of her tigers, during
a performance of the A1 G. Barnes
circus here.
Eight stitches were taken today on
the hand of Mabel Stark, well known
animal trainer who was attacked by
"Whitey," one of her tigers, during
a performance of the A1 G. Barnes
circus here.
Eight stitches were taken today on
the hand of Mabel Stark, well known
animal trainer who was attacked by
"Whitey," one of her tigers, during
a performance of the A1 G. Barnes
circus here.
