# ATTACKS WIRE RATES
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, April 17 (A*).—An
attack on rates charged by wire com
panies for press leased wires was
launched before the Communications
Commission today by the Interna
tional News Service and Universal
Service with a request that they be
reduced.

A $5 rebate, on tuition is made to
| each student who received grades
jof all "A s" at the Univei'sity of
1 California.
WASHINGTON, April 17 (A*).—An
attack on rates charged by wire com
panies for press leased wires was
launched before the Communications
Commission today by the Interna
tional News Service and Universal
Service with a request that they be
reduced.

A $5 rebate, on tuition is made to
| each student who received grades
jof all "A s" at the Univei'sity of
1 California.
WASHINGTON, April 17 (A*).—An
attack on rates charged by wire com
panies for press leased wires was
launched before the Communications
Commission today by the Interna
tional News Service and Universal
Service with a request that they be
reduced.

A $5 rebate, on tuition is made to
| each student who received grades
jof all "A s" at the Univei'sity of
1 California.
WASHINGTON, April 17 (A*).—An
attack on rates charged by wire com
panies for press leased wires was
launched before the Communications
Commission today by the Interna
tional News Service and Universal
Service with a request that they be
reduced.

A $5 rebate, on tuition is made to
| each student who received grades
jof all "A s" at the Univei'sity of
1 California.
WASHINGTON, April 17 (A*).—An
attack on rates charged by wire com
panies for press leased wires was
launched before the Communications
Commission today by the Interna
tional News Service and Universal
Service with a request that they be
reduced.

A $5 rebate, on tuition is made to
| each student who received grades
jof all "A s" at the Univei'sity of
1 California.
WASHINGTON, April 17 (A*).—An
attack on rates charged by wire com
panies for press leased wires was
launched before the Communications
Commission today by the Interna
tional News Service and Universal
Service with a request that they be
reduced.

A $5 rebate, on tuition is made to
| each student who received grades
jof all "A s" at the Univei'sity of
1 California.
WASHINGTON, April 17 (A*).—An
attack on rates charged by wire com
panies for press leased wires was
launched before the Communications
Commission today by the Interna
tional News Service and Universal
Service with a request that they be
reduced.

A $5 rebate, on tuition is made to
| each student who received grades
jof all "A s" at the Univei'sity of
1 California.
WASHINGTON, April 17 (A*).—An
attack on rates charged by wire com
panies for press leased wires was
launched before the Communications
Commission today by the Interna
tional News Service and Universal
Service with a request that they be
reduced.

A $5 rebate, on tuition is made to
| each student who received grades
jof all "A s" at the Univei'sity of
1 California.
WASHINGTON, April 17 (A*).—An
attack on rates charged by wire com
panies for press leased wires was
launched before the Communications
Commission today by the Interna
tional News Service and Universal
Service with a request that they be
reduced.

A $5 rebate, on tuition is made to
| each student who received grades
jof all "A s" at the Univei'sity of
1 California.
WASHINGTON, April 17 (A*).—An
attack on rates charged by wire com
panies for press leased wires was
launched before the Communications
Commission today by the Interna
tional News Service and Universal
Service with a request that they be
reduced.

A $5 rebate, on tuition is made to
| each student who received grades
jof all "A s" at the Univei'sity of
1 California.
WASHINGTON, April 17 (A*).—An
attack on rates charged by wire com
panies for press leased wires was
launched before the Communications
Commission today by the Interna
tional News Service and Universal
Service with a request that they be
reduced.

A $5 rebate, on tuition is made to
| each student who received grades
jof all "A s" at the Univei'sity of
1 California.
WASHINGTON, April 17 (A*).—An
attack on rates charged by wire com
panies for press leased wires was
launched before the Communications
Commission today by the Interna
tional News Service and Universal
Service with a request that they be
reduced.

A $5 rebate, on tuition is made to
| each student who received grades
jof all "A s" at the Univei'sity of
1 California.
WASHINGTON, April 17 (A*).—An
attack on rates charged by wire com
panies for press leased wires was
launched before the Communications
Commission today by the Interna
tional News Service and Universal
Service with a request that they be
reduced.

A $5 rebate, on tuition is made to
| each student who received grades
jof all "A s" at the Univei'sity of
1 California.
WASHINGTON, April 17 (A*).—An
attack on rates charged by wire com
panies for press leased wires was
launched before the Communications
Commission today by the Interna
tional News Service and Universal
Service with a request that they be
reduced.

A $5 rebate, on tuition is made to
| each student who received grades
jof all "A s" at the Univei'sity of
1 California.
WASHINGTON, April 17 (A*).—An
attack on rates charged by wire com
panies for press leased wires was
launched before the Communications
Commission today by the Interna
tional News Service and Universal
Service with a request that they be
reduced.

A $5 rebate, on tuition is made to
| each student who received grades
jof all "A s" at the Univei'sity of
1 California.
