# Board Accepts Money Gifts at April Meeting
## 
### 
A total of 814,290.26 in gifts was
accepted by the Board of Trustees at
Jhe April meeting, it was announced
yesterday. Of this amount the Car
negie Corporation gave $4,000 for
guidance in research in the second
ary schools, which is being directed
by Dean Grayson N. Kefauver, and
$7,500 for support of the Food Re
search Institute.
The Class of 1934 contributed
$454.26 to the Fountain Fund, and
gifts from various sources for the
support of the Lane Medical Library
totaled $435.
A total of 814,290.26 in gifts was
accepted by the Board of Trustees at
Jhe April meeting, it was announced
yesterday. Of this amount the Car
negie Corporation gave $4,000 for
guidance in research in the second
ary schools, which is being directed
by Dean Grayson N. Kefauver, and
$7,500 for support of the Food Re
search Institute.
The Class of 1934 contributed
$454.26 to the Fountain Fund, and
gifts from various sources for the
support of the Lane Medical Library
totaled $435.
A total of 814,290.26 in gifts was
accepted by the Board of Trustees at
Jhe April meeting, it was announced
yesterday. Of this amount the Car
negie Corporation gave $4,000 for
guidance in research in the second
ary schools, which is being directed
by Dean Grayson N. Kefauver, and
$7,500 for support of the Food Re
search Institute.
The Class of 1934 contributed
$454.26 to the Fountain Fund, and
gifts from various sources for the
support of the Lane Medical Library
totaled $435.
A total of 814,290.26 in gifts was
accepted by the Board of Trustees at
Jhe April meeting, it was announced
yesterday. Of this amount the Car
negie Corporation gave $4,000 for
guidance in research in the second
ary schools, which is being directed
by Dean Grayson N. Kefauver, and
$7,500 for support of the Food Re
search Institute.
The Class of 1934 contributed
$454.26 to the Fountain Fund, and
gifts from various sources for the
support of the Lane Medical Library
totaled $435.
A total of 814,290.26 in gifts was
accepted by the Board of Trustees at
Jhe April meeting, it was announced
yesterday. Of this amount the Car
negie Corporation gave $4,000 for
guidance in research in the second
ary schools, which is being directed
by Dean Grayson N. Kefauver, and
$7,500 for support of the Food Re
search Institute.
The Class of 1934 contributed
$454.26 to the Fountain Fund, and
gifts from various sources for the
support of the Lane Medical Library
totaled $435.
A total of 814,290.26 in gifts was
accepted by the Board of Trustees at
Jhe April meeting, it was announced
yesterday. Of this amount the Car
negie Corporation gave $4,000 for
guidance in research in the second
ary schools, which is being directed
by Dean Grayson N. Kefauver, and
$7,500 for support of the Food Re
search Institute.
The Class of 1934 contributed
$454.26 to the Fountain Fund, and
gifts from various sources for the
support of the Lane Medical Library
totaled $435.
A total of 814,290.26 in gifts was
accepted by the Board of Trustees at
Jhe April meeting, it was announced
yesterday. Of this amount the Car
negie Corporation gave $4,000 for
guidance in research in the second
ary schools, which is being directed
by Dean Grayson N. Kefauver, and
$7,500 for support of the Food Re
search Institute.
The Class of 1934 contributed
$454.26 to the Fountain Fund, and
gifts from various sources for the
support of the Lane Medical Library
totaled $435.
A total of 814,290.26 in gifts was
accepted by the Board of Trustees at
Jhe April meeting, it was announced
yesterday. Of this amount the Car
negie Corporation gave $4,000 for
guidance in research in the second
ary schools, which is being directed
by Dean Grayson N. Kefauver, and
$7,500 for support of the Food Re
search Institute.
The Class of 1934 contributed
$454.26 to the Fountain Fund, and
gifts from various sources for the
support of the Lane Medical Library
totaled $435.
A total of 814,290.26 in gifts was
accepted by the Board of Trustees at
Jhe April meeting, it was announced
yesterday. Of this amount the Car
negie Corporation gave $4,000 for
guidance in research in the second
ary schools, which is being directed
by Dean Grayson N. Kefauver, and
$7,500 for support of the Food Re
search Institute.
The Class of 1934 contributed
$454.26 to the Fountain Fund, and
gifts from various sources for the
support of the Lane Medical Library
totaled $435.
A total of 814,290.26 in gifts was
accepted by the Board of Trustees at
Jhe April meeting, it was announced
yesterday. Of this amount the Car
negie Corporation gave $4,000 for
guidance in research in the second
ary schools, which is being directed
by Dean Grayson N. Kefauver, and
$7,500 for support of the Food Re
search Institute.
The Class of 1934 contributed
$454.26 to the Fountain Fund, and
gifts from various sources for the
support of the Lane Medical Library
totaled $435.
A total of 814,290.26 in gifts was
accepted by the Board of Trustees at
Jhe April meeting, it was announced
yesterday. Of this amount the Car
negie Corporation gave $4,000 for
guidance in research in the second
ary schools, which is being directed
by Dean Grayson N. Kefauver, and
$7,500 for support of the Food Re
search Institute.
The Class of 1934 contributed
$454.26 to the Fountain Fund, and
gifts from various sources for the
support of the Lane Medical Library
totaled $435.
A total of 814,290.26 in gifts was
accepted by the Board of Trustees at
Jhe April meeting, it was announced
yesterday. Of this amount the Car
negie Corporation gave $4,000 for
guidance in research in the second
ary schools, which is being directed
by Dean Grayson N. Kefauver, and
$7,500 for support of the Food Re
search Institute.
The Class of 1934 contributed
$454.26 to the Fountain Fund, and
gifts from various sources for the
support of the Lane Medical Library
totaled $435.
A total of 814,290.26 in gifts was
accepted by the Board of Trustees at
Jhe April meeting, it was announced
yesterday. Of this amount the Car
negie Corporation gave $4,000 for
guidance in research in the second
ary schools, which is being directed
by Dean Grayson N. Kefauver, and
$7,500 for support of the Food Re
search Institute.
The Class of 1934 contributed
$454.26 to the Fountain Fund, and
gifts from various sources for the
support of the Lane Medical Library
totaled $435.
A total of 814,290.26 in gifts was
accepted by the Board of Trustees at
Jhe April meeting, it was announced
yesterday. Of this amount the Car
negie Corporation gave $4,000 for
guidance in research in the second
ary schools, which is being directed
by Dean Grayson N. Kefauver, and
$7,500 for support of the Food Re
search Institute.
The Class of 1934 contributed
$454.26 to the Fountain Fund, and
gifts from various sources for the
support of the Lane Medical Library
totaled $435.
A total of 814,290.26 in gifts was
accepted by the Board of Trustees at
Jhe April meeting, it was announced
yesterday. Of this amount the Car
negie Corporation gave $4,000 for
guidance in research in the second
ary schools, which is being directed
by Dean Grayson N. Kefauver, and
$7,500 for support of the Food Re
search Institute.
The Class of 1934 contributed
$454.26 to the Fountain Fund, and
gifts from various sources for the
support of the Lane Medical Library
totaled $435.
