# FUN ON THE FARM
## 
### 
'"WATERFORD — A woodchopping
party was held at tho A. M. Sayre
ranch last Thursday and Friday, the
wood being donated to the Com
munity Baptist Church. Those tak
ing part in the cutting and sawing
were Raymond Appling; Snively
Riddle, James Carl, Ray Kincanon,
Scudder Riddle, A. M. Sayre, Maxin
Sayre, Fred Hawkins, and W. E.
Powell.
"Appling donated a wood cutting
machine and Snively Riddle fur
nished the horses and wagon to haul
the wood to the church."—Stockton
Record.
0 0 0
'"WATERFORD — A woodchopping
party was held at tho A. M. Sayre
ranch last Thursday and Friday, the
wood being donated to the Com
munity Baptist Church. Those tak
ing part in the cutting and sawing
were Raymond Appling; Snively
Riddle, James Carl, Ray Kincanon,
Scudder Riddle, A. M. Sayre, Maxin
Sayre, Fred Hawkins, and W. E.
Powell.
"Appling donated a wood cutting
machine and Snively Riddle fur
nished the horses and wagon to haul
the wood to the church."—Stockton
Record.
0 0 0
'"WATERFORD — A woodchopping
party was held at tho A. M. Sayre
ranch last Thursday and Friday, the
wood being donated to the Com
munity Baptist Church. Those tak
ing part in the cutting and sawing
were Raymond Appling; Snively
Riddle, James Carl, Ray Kincanon,
Scudder Riddle, A. M. Sayre, Maxin
Sayre, Fred Hawkins, and W. E.
Powell.
"Appling donated a wood cutting
machine and Snively Riddle fur
nished the horses and wagon to haul
the wood to the church."—Stockton
Record.
0 0 0
'"WATERFORD — A woodchopping
party was held at tho A. M. Sayre
ranch last Thursday and Friday, the
wood being donated to the Com
munity Baptist Church. Those tak
ing part in the cutting and sawing
were Raymond Appling; Snively
Riddle, James Carl, Ray Kincanon,
Scudder Riddle, A. M. Sayre, Maxin
Sayre, Fred Hawkins, and W. E.
Powell.
"Appling donated a wood cutting
machine and Snively Riddle fur
nished the horses and wagon to haul
the wood to the church."—Stockton
Record.
0 0 0
'"WATERFORD — A woodchopping
party was held at tho A. M. Sayre
ranch last Thursday and Friday, the
wood being donated to the Com
munity Baptist Church. Those tak
ing part in the cutting and sawing
were Raymond Appling; Snively
Riddle, James Carl, Ray Kincanon,
Scudder Riddle, A. M. Sayre, Maxin
Sayre, Fred Hawkins, and W. E.
Powell.
"Appling donated a wood cutting
machine and Snively Riddle fur
nished the horses and wagon to haul
the wood to the church."—Stockton
Record.
0 0 0
'"WATERFORD — A woodchopping
party was held at tho A. M. Sayre
ranch last Thursday and Friday, the
wood being donated to the Com
munity Baptist Church. Those tak
ing part in the cutting and sawing
were Raymond Appling; Snively
Riddle, James Carl, Ray Kincanon,
Scudder Riddle, A. M. Sayre, Maxin
Sayre, Fred Hawkins, and W. E.
Powell.
"Appling donated a wood cutting
machine and Snively Riddle fur
nished the horses and wagon to haul
the wood to the church."—Stockton
Record.
0 0 0
'"WATERFORD — A woodchopping
party was held at tho A. M. Sayre
ranch last Thursday and Friday, the
wood being donated to the Com
munity Baptist Church. Those tak
ing part in the cutting and sawing
were Raymond Appling; Snively
Riddle, James Carl, Ray Kincanon,
Scudder Riddle, A. M. Sayre, Maxin
Sayre, Fred Hawkins, and W. E.
Powell.
"Appling donated a wood cutting
machine and Snively Riddle fur
nished the horses and wagon to haul
the wood to the church."—Stockton
Record.
0 0 0
'"WATERFORD — A woodchopping
party was held at tho A. M. Sayre
ranch last Thursday and Friday, the
wood being donated to the Com
munity Baptist Church. Those tak
ing part in the cutting and sawing
were Raymond Appling; Snively
Riddle, James Carl, Ray Kincanon,
Scudder Riddle, A. M. Sayre, Maxin
Sayre, Fred Hawkins, and W. E.
Powell.
"Appling donated a wood cutting
machine and Snively Riddle fur
nished the horses and wagon to haul
the wood to the church."—Stockton
Record.
0 0 0
'"WATERFORD — A woodchopping
party was held at tho A. M. Sayre
ranch last Thursday and Friday, the
wood being donated to the Com
munity Baptist Church. Those tak
ing part in the cutting and sawing
were Raymond Appling; Snively
Riddle, James Carl, Ray Kincanon,
Scudder Riddle, A. M. Sayre, Maxin
Sayre, Fred Hawkins, and W. E.
Powell.
"Appling donated a wood cutting
machine and Snively Riddle fur
nished the horses and wagon to haul
the wood to the church."—Stockton
Record.
0 0 0
'"WATERFORD — A woodchopping
party was held at tho A. M. Sayre
ranch last Thursday and Friday, the
wood being donated to the Com
munity Baptist Church. Those tak
ing part in the cutting and sawing
were Raymond Appling; Snively
Riddle, James Carl, Ray Kincanon,
Scudder Riddle, A. M. Sayre, Maxin
Sayre, Fred Hawkins, and W. E.
Powell.
"Appling donated a wood cutting
machine and Snively Riddle fur
nished the horses and wagon to haul
the wood to the church."—Stockton
Record.
0 0 0
'"WATERFORD — A woodchopping
party was held at tho A. M. Sayre
ranch last Thursday and Friday, the
wood being donated to the Com
munity Baptist Church. Those tak
ing part in the cutting and sawing
were Raymond Appling; Snively
Riddle, James Carl, Ray Kincanon,
Scudder Riddle, A. M. Sayre, Maxin
Sayre, Fred Hawkins, and W. E.
Powell.
"Appling donated a wood cutting
machine and Snively Riddle fur
nished the horses and wagon to haul
the wood to the church."—Stockton
Record.
0 0 0
'"WATERFORD — A woodchopping
party was held at tho A. M. Sayre
ranch last Thursday and Friday, the
wood being donated to the Com
munity Baptist Church. Those tak
ing part in the cutting and sawing
were Raymond Appling; Snively
Riddle, James Carl, Ray Kincanon,
Scudder Riddle, A. M. Sayre, Maxin
Sayre, Fred Hawkins, and W. E.
Powell.
"Appling donated a wood cutting
machine and Snively Riddle fur
nished the horses and wagon to haul
the wood to the church."—Stockton
Record.
0 0 0
'"WATERFORD — A woodchopping
party was held at tho A. M. Sayre
ranch last Thursday and Friday, the
wood being donated to the Com
munity Baptist Church. Those tak
ing part in the cutting and sawing
were Raymond Appling; Snively
Riddle, James Carl, Ray Kincanon,
Scudder Riddle, A. M. Sayre, Maxin
Sayre, Fred Hawkins, and W. E.
Powell.
"Appling donated a wood cutting
machine and Snively Riddle fur
nished the horses and wagon to haul
the wood to the church."—Stockton
Record.
0 0 0
'"WATERFORD — A woodchopping
party was held at tho A. M. Sayre
ranch last Thursday and Friday, the
wood being donated to the Com
munity Baptist Church. Those tak
ing part in the cutting and sawing
were Raymond Appling; Snively
Riddle, James Carl, Ray Kincanon,
Scudder Riddle, A. M. Sayre, Maxin
Sayre, Fred Hawkins, and W. E.
Powell.
"Appling donated a wood cutting
machine and Snively Riddle fur
nished the horses and wagon to haul
the wood to the church."—Stockton
Record.
0 0 0
