# Varsity Riflers Total Low Scores For Week
## 
### 
Stanford's varsity rifle team con
tinued its correspondence shooting
last' week and turned in an 1876
total, seven points lower than the
previous week.
The total score will be sent to the
universities of Idaho, West Virginia,
Tennessee, Arizona, and Indiana.
Stanford's varsity rifle team con
tinued its correspondence shooting
last' week and turned in an 1876
total, seven points lower than the
previous week.
The total score will be sent to the
universities of Idaho, West Virginia,
Tennessee, Arizona, and Indiana.
Stanford's varsity rifle team con
tinued its correspondence shooting
last' week and turned in an 1876
total, seven points lower than the
previous week.
The total score will be sent to the
universities of Idaho, West Virginia,
Tennessee, Arizona, and Indiana.
Stanford's varsity rifle team con
tinued its correspondence shooting
last' week and turned in an 1876
total, seven points lower than the
previous week.
The total score will be sent to the
universities of Idaho, West Virginia,
Tennessee, Arizona, and Indiana.
Stanford's varsity rifle team con
tinued its correspondence shooting
last' week and turned in an 1876
total, seven points lower than the
previous week.
The total score will be sent to the
universities of Idaho, West Virginia,
Tennessee, Arizona, and Indiana.
Stanford's varsity rifle team con
tinued its correspondence shooting
last' week and turned in an 1876
total, seven points lower than the
previous week.
The total score will be sent to the
universities of Idaho, West Virginia,
Tennessee, Arizona, and Indiana.
Stanford's varsity rifle team con
tinued its correspondence shooting
last' week and turned in an 1876
total, seven points lower than the
previous week.
The total score will be sent to the
universities of Idaho, West Virginia,
Tennessee, Arizona, and Indiana.
Stanford's varsity rifle team con
tinued its correspondence shooting
last' week and turned in an 1876
total, seven points lower than the
previous week.
The total score will be sent to the
universities of Idaho, West Virginia,
Tennessee, Arizona, and Indiana.
Stanford's varsity rifle team con
tinued its correspondence shooting
last' week and turned in an 1876
total, seven points lower than the
previous week.
The total score will be sent to the
universities of Idaho, West Virginia,
Tennessee, Arizona, and Indiana.
Stanford's varsity rifle team con
tinued its correspondence shooting
last' week and turned in an 1876
total, seven points lower than the
previous week.
The total score will be sent to the
universities of Idaho, West Virginia,
Tennessee, Arizona, and Indiana.
Stanford's varsity rifle team con
tinued its correspondence shooting
last' week and turned in an 1876
total, seven points lower than the
previous week.
The total score will be sent to the
universities of Idaho, West Virginia,
Tennessee, Arizona, and Indiana.
Stanford's varsity rifle team con
tinued its correspondence shooting
last' week and turned in an 1876
total, seven points lower than the
previous week.
The total score will be sent to the
universities of Idaho, West Virginia,
Tennessee, Arizona, and Indiana.
Stanford's varsity rifle team con
tinued its correspondence shooting
last' week and turned in an 1876
total, seven points lower than the
previous week.
The total score will be sent to the
universities of Idaho, West Virginia,
Tennessee, Arizona, and Indiana.
Stanford's varsity rifle team con
tinued its correspondence shooting
last' week and turned in an 1876
total, seven points lower than the
previous week.
The total score will be sent to the
universities of Idaho, West Virginia,
Tennessee, Arizona, and Indiana.
