# Woman Tennis Champion Gives Campus Exhibition
## 
### 
Playing a sparkling two-set match,
Helen Jacobs Friday afternoon en
tertained a gallery of around 300
tennis fans with some early season
net play.
Opposing Sammy Lee, who inci
dentally won both sets by scores of
6-3, 6-4, Miss Jacobs surprised with
her hard-hitting game, and accurate
placements, although there was no
doubt that the ranking women's
player suffered from lack of tennis,
as well as being out of tournament
condition.
Although she had expected no
audience, and anticipated only a
friendly match with Lee, Miss Ja
cobs expressed her pleasure at both
the courts on Ihe Farm, as well as
playing before the Stanford gallery.
Playing a sparkling two-set match,
Helen Jacobs Friday afternoon en
tertained a gallery of around 300
tennis fans with some early season
net play.
Opposing Sammy Lee, who inci
dentally won both sets by scores of
6-3, 6-4, Miss Jacobs surprised with
her hard-hitting game, and accurate
placements, although there was no
doubt that the ranking women's
player suffered from lack of tennis,
as well as being out of tournament
condition.
Although she had expected no
audience, and anticipated only a
friendly match with Lee, Miss Ja
cobs expressed her pleasure at both
the courts on Ihe Farm, as well as
playing before the Stanford gallery.
Playing a sparkling two-set match,
Helen Jacobs Friday afternoon en
tertained a gallery of around 300
tennis fans with some early season
net play.
Opposing Sammy Lee, who inci
dentally won both sets by scores of
6-3, 6-4, Miss Jacobs surprised with
her hard-hitting game, and accurate
placements, although there was no
doubt that the ranking women's
player suffered from lack of tennis,
as well as being out of tournament
condition.
Although she had expected no
audience, and anticipated only a
friendly match with Lee, Miss Ja
cobs expressed her pleasure at both
the courts on Ihe Farm, as well as
playing before the Stanford gallery.
Playing a sparkling two-set match,
Helen Jacobs Friday afternoon en
tertained a gallery of around 300
tennis fans with some early season
net play.
Opposing Sammy Lee, who inci
dentally won both sets by scores of
6-3, 6-4, Miss Jacobs surprised with
her hard-hitting game, and accurate
placements, although there was no
doubt that the ranking women's
player suffered from lack of tennis,
as well as being out of tournament
condition.
Although she had expected no
audience, and anticipated only a
friendly match with Lee, Miss Ja
cobs expressed her pleasure at both
the courts on Ihe Farm, as well as
playing before the Stanford gallery.
Playing a sparkling two-set match,
Helen Jacobs Friday afternoon en
tertained a gallery of around 300
tennis fans with some early season
net play.
Opposing Sammy Lee, who inci
dentally won both sets by scores of
6-3, 6-4, Miss Jacobs surprised with
her hard-hitting game, and accurate
placements, although there was no
doubt that the ranking women's
player suffered from lack of tennis,
as well as being out of tournament
condition.
Although she had expected no
audience, and anticipated only a
friendly match with Lee, Miss Ja
cobs expressed her pleasure at both
the courts on Ihe Farm, as well as
playing before the Stanford gallery.
Playing a sparkling two-set match,
Helen Jacobs Friday afternoon en
tertained a gallery of around 300
tennis fans with some early season
net play.
Opposing Sammy Lee, who inci
dentally won both sets by scores of
6-3, 6-4, Miss Jacobs surprised with
her hard-hitting game, and accurate
placements, although there was no
doubt that the ranking women's
player suffered from lack of tennis,
as well as being out of tournament
condition.
Although she had expected no
audience, and anticipated only a
friendly match with Lee, Miss Ja
cobs expressed her pleasure at both
the courts on Ihe Farm, as well as
playing before the Stanford gallery.
Playing a sparkling two-set match,
Helen Jacobs Friday afternoon en
tertained a gallery of around 300
tennis fans with some early season
net play.
Opposing Sammy Lee, who inci
dentally won both sets by scores of
6-3, 6-4, Miss Jacobs surprised with
her hard-hitting game, and accurate
placements, although there was no
doubt that the ranking women's
player suffered from lack of tennis,
as well as being out of tournament
condition.
Although she had expected no
audience, and anticipated only a
friendly match with Lee, Miss Ja
cobs expressed her pleasure at both
the courts on Ihe Farm, as well as
playing before the Stanford gallery.
Playing a sparkling two-set match,
Helen Jacobs Friday afternoon en
tertained a gallery of around 300
tennis fans with some early season
net play.
Opposing Sammy Lee, who inci
dentally won both sets by scores of
6-3, 6-4, Miss Jacobs surprised with
her hard-hitting game, and accurate
placements, although there was no
doubt that the ranking women's
player suffered from lack of tennis,
as well as being out of tournament
condition.
Although she had expected no
audience, and anticipated only a
friendly match with Lee, Miss Ja
cobs expressed her pleasure at both
the courts on Ihe Farm, as well as
playing before the Stanford gallery.
Playing a sparkling two-set match,
Helen Jacobs Friday afternoon en
tertained a gallery of around 300
tennis fans with some early season
net play.
Opposing Sammy Lee, who inci
dentally won both sets by scores of
6-3, 6-4, Miss Jacobs surprised with
her hard-hitting game, and accurate
placements, although there was no
doubt that the ranking women's
player suffered from lack of tennis,
as well as being out of tournament
condition.
Although she had expected no
audience, and anticipated only a
friendly match with Lee, Miss Ja
cobs expressed her pleasure at both
the courts on Ihe Farm, as well as
playing before the Stanford gallery.
Playing a sparkling two-set match,
Helen Jacobs Friday afternoon en
tertained a gallery of around 300
tennis fans with some early season
net play.
Opposing Sammy Lee, who inci
dentally won both sets by scores of
6-3, 6-4, Miss Jacobs surprised with
her hard-hitting game, and accurate
placements, although there was no
doubt that the ranking women's
player suffered from lack of tennis,
as well as being out of tournament
condition.
Although she had expected no
audience, and anticipated only a
friendly match with Lee, Miss Ja
cobs expressed her pleasure at both
the courts on Ihe Farm, as well as
playing before the Stanford gallery.
Playing a sparkling two-set match,
Helen Jacobs Friday afternoon en
tertained a gallery of around 300
tennis fans with some early season
net play.
Opposing Sammy Lee, who inci
dentally won both sets by scores of
6-3, 6-4, Miss Jacobs surprised with
her hard-hitting game, and accurate
placements, although there was no
doubt that the ranking women's
player suffered from lack of tennis,
as well as being out of tournament
condition.
Although she had expected no
audience, and anticipated only a
friendly match with Lee, Miss Ja
cobs expressed her pleasure at both
the courts on Ihe Farm, as well as
playing before the Stanford gallery.
Playing a sparkling two-set match,
Helen Jacobs Friday afternoon en
tertained a gallery of around 300
tennis fans with some early season
net play.
Opposing Sammy Lee, who inci
dentally won both sets by scores of
6-3, 6-4, Miss Jacobs surprised with
her hard-hitting game, and accurate
placements, although there was no
doubt that the ranking women's
player suffered from lack of tennis,
as well as being out of tournament
condition.
Although she had expected no
audience, and anticipated only a
friendly match with Lee, Miss Ja
cobs expressed her pleasure at both
the courts on Ihe Farm, as well as
playing before the Stanford gallery.
Playing a sparkling two-set match,
Helen Jacobs Friday afternoon en
tertained a gallery of around 300
tennis fans with some early season
net play.
Opposing Sammy Lee, who inci
dentally won both sets by scores of
6-3, 6-4, Miss Jacobs surprised with
her hard-hitting game, and accurate
placements, although there was no
doubt that the ranking women's
player suffered from lack of tennis,
as well as being out of tournament
condition.
Although she had expected no
audience, and anticipated only a
friendly match with Lee, Miss Ja
cobs expressed her pleasure at both
the courts on Ihe Farm, as well as
playing before the Stanford gallery.
Playing a sparkling two-set match,
Helen Jacobs Friday afternoon en
tertained a gallery of around 300
tennis fans with some early season
net play.
Opposing Sammy Lee, who inci
dentally won both sets by scores of
6-3, 6-4, Miss Jacobs surprised with
her hard-hitting game, and accurate
placements, although there was no
doubt that the ranking women's
player suffered from lack of tennis,
as well as being out of tournament
condition.
Although she had expected no
audience, and anticipated only a
friendly match with Lee, Miss Ja
cobs expressed her pleasure at both
the courts on Ihe Farm, as well as
playing before the Stanford gallery.
