# CORRECTION
## 
### 
The picture with the article
in the Stanford • American
University of Beirut exchange
program In yesterday's Dally
was Incorrectly identified as
Micel Nabtl. The photograph
showed George Sallba, an
American University of Bel
rut student presently at Stan
ford.
The picture with the article
in the Stanford • American
University of Beirut exchange
program In yesterday's Dally
was Incorrectly identified as
Micel Nabtl. The photograph
showed George Sallba, an
American University of Bel
rut student presently at Stan
ford.
The picture with the article
in the Stanford • American
University of Beirut exchange
program In yesterday's Dally
was Incorrectly identified as
Micel Nabtl. The photograph
showed George Sallba, an
American University of Bel
rut student presently at Stan
ford.
The picture with the article
in the Stanford • American
University of Beirut exchange
program In yesterday's Dally
was Incorrectly identified as
Micel Nabtl. The photograph
showed George Sallba, an
American University of Bel
rut student presently at Stan
ford.
The picture with the article
in the Stanford • American
University of Beirut exchange
program In yesterday's Dally
was Incorrectly identified as
Micel Nabtl. The photograph
showed George Sallba, an
American University of Bel
rut student presently at Stan
ford.
The picture with the article
in the Stanford • American
University of Beirut exchange
program In yesterday's Dally
was Incorrectly identified as
Micel Nabtl. The photograph
showed George Sallba, an
American University of Bel
rut student presently at Stan
ford.
The picture with the article
in the Stanford • American
University of Beirut exchange
program In yesterday's Dally
was Incorrectly identified as
Micel Nabtl. The photograph
showed George Sallba, an
American University of Bel
rut student presently at Stan
ford.
The picture with the article
in the Stanford • American
University of Beirut exchange
program In yesterday's Dally
was Incorrectly identified as
Micel Nabtl. The photograph
showed George Sallba, an
American University of Bel
rut student presently at Stan
ford.
The picture with the article
in the Stanford • American
University of Beirut exchange
program In yesterday's Dally
was Incorrectly identified as
Micel Nabtl. The photograph
showed George Sallba, an
American University of Bel
rut student presently at Stan
ford.
The picture with the article
in the Stanford • American
University of Beirut exchange
program In yesterday's Dally
was Incorrectly identified as
Micel Nabtl. The photograph
showed George Sallba, an
American University of Bel
rut student presently at Stan
ford.
The picture with the article
in the Stanford • American
University of Beirut exchange
program In yesterday's Dally
was Incorrectly identified as
Micel Nabtl. The photograph
showed George Sallba, an
American University of Bel
rut student presently at Stan
ford.
The picture with the article
in the Stanford • American
University of Beirut exchange
program In yesterday's Dally
was Incorrectly identified as
Micel Nabtl. The photograph
showed George Sallba, an
American University of Bel
rut student presently at Stan
ford.
The picture with the article
in the Stanford • American
University of Beirut exchange
program In yesterday's Dally
was Incorrectly identified as
Micel Nabtl. The photograph
showed George Sallba, an
American University of Bel
rut student presently at Stan
ford.
The picture with the article
in the Stanford • American
University of Beirut exchange
program In yesterday's Dally
was Incorrectly identified as
Micel Nabtl. The photograph
showed George Sallba, an
American University of Bel
rut student presently at Stan
ford.
The picture with the article
in the Stanford • American
University of Beirut exchange
program In yesterday's Dally
was Incorrectly identified as
Micel Nabtl. The photograph
showed George Sallba, an
American University of Bel
rut student presently at Stan
ford.
The picture with the article
in the Stanford • American
University of Beirut exchange
program In yesterday's Dally
was Incorrectly identified as
Micel Nabtl. The photograph
showed George Sallba, an
American University of Bel
rut student presently at Stan
ford.
