# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Barry Salk/Dally
Spring in the air
Freshman Eric Bergstrom made the most of the beautiful weather yesterday by
practicing a few skateboard gyrations in White Plaza. The local high pressure sys
tem is expected to remain overhead, but with classes only beginning, low aca
demic pressure is anticipated at ground level.

Barry Salk/Dally
Spring in the air
Freshman Eric Bergstrom made the most of the beautiful weather yesterday by
practicing a few skateboard gyrations in White Plaza. The local high pressure sys
tem is expected to remain overhead, but with classes only beginning, low aca
demic pressure is anticipated at ground level.

Barry Salk/Dally
Spring in the air
Freshman Eric Bergstrom made the most of the beautiful weather yesterday by
practicing a few skateboard gyrations in White Plaza. The local high pressure sys
tem is expected to remain overhead, but with classes only beginning, low aca
demic pressure is anticipated at ground level.

Barry Salk/Dally
Spring in the air
Freshman Eric Bergstrom made the most of the beautiful weather yesterday by
practicing a few skateboard gyrations in White Plaza. The local high pressure sys
tem is expected to remain overhead, but with classes only beginning, low aca
demic pressure is anticipated at ground level.

Barry Salk/Dally
Spring in the air
Freshman Eric Bergstrom made the most of the beautiful weather yesterday by
practicing a few skateboard gyrations in White Plaza. The local high pressure sys
tem is expected to remain overhead, but with classes only beginning, low aca
demic pressure is anticipated at ground level.

Barry Salk/Dally
Spring in the air
Freshman Eric Bergstrom made the most of the beautiful weather yesterday by
practicing a few skateboard gyrations in White Plaza. The local high pressure sys
tem is expected to remain overhead, but with classes only beginning, low aca
demic pressure is anticipated at ground level.

Barry Salk/Dally
Spring in the air
Freshman Eric Bergstrom made the most of the beautiful weather yesterday by
practicing a few skateboard gyrations in White Plaza. The local high pressure sys
tem is expected to remain overhead, but with classes only beginning, low aca
demic pressure is anticipated at ground level.
