# Adv. 19 Page 9
## 
### 
Fun MP family needs exceptional
care for 4 lovable kids T/W/Th
from 1 -6. Must have car, CDL,
positive & nurturing attitude.
15-18 $/hr. Call 650-324-1887.
Youthful babysitter for 6 yr old
boy on Stanford campus. 1 or 2
evenings per week. Weekends a
plus. $15/ hr. 650-326-7224
Sitter 2 days/wk in campus home
2 kids: 3& 1; chwest@gmail.com
Seek Stanford student, undergrad
or graduate student, for fun,
flexible childcare. Pick up 13
year old daughter after school
3-4 days per week, fix snack
start homework and keep company
for 2 to 3 hours. Some driving
to soccer may be required. We
supply car. $22/ hour
Stanford's Work Life Office is
looking for students interested
in providing occasional child
care on evenings and weekends.
Please call (650)723-2660.
Sweet, active, inquisitive Menlo
Park brothers ages 4,7 & 9 seek
engaging, creative part-time
sitter/nanny for after-school (&
1 evening) hours of board games,
books, sports, & walks to nearby
Burgess Park. Special education
experience a plus (but optional)
Great pay. tcm@cs.cmu.edu
Nanny/driver for Stnfd family
B+ll yo, Mon/Thurs 2:30-6pm.
Need car/CDLvclean record/refs
lindafresco@hotmail.com
ATH family needs help w/2 kids,
7&10 â€”2:30-6:00 2-3 days/wk
lalboat@comcast.net 6503263283
Occasional sitter wanted for 4 &
6 yr old boys: on campus; $15/ hr
contact Kim at kbomar@mac.com
Seeking occasional babysitter
for 2 and 4 yr old on campus.
Contact:ammierodden@hotmail.com
Seeking occasional babysitter
for 2 and 4 yr old on campus.
Contact:ammierodden@hotmail.com
7yo boy needs school pickup/care
MTThF 2:30-5:30, W1:30-5:30, in
Palo Alto. Nonsm, car+CDL, legal
to work in US. $16-17/ hr. Name/
phone# to lynnsamm@yahoo.com.
COMPUTER PROGRAMS: Do you have a
unique undiscovered computer
program/software? Or, would you
be interested in developing one?
A private investor is looking
for a quality computer programmer
/software developer to create &
develop a business applications
program/software. This could be
a brand new technology or a spin
off of something currently in
the market. To discuss this
possibility further please email
inquirers and a short bio to:
skyslimit@hotmail.com
$$ SPERM DONORS NEEDED $$
Earn up to $100/ donation. Healthy
MEN, wanted for California
Cryobank's sperm donor
program. APPLY ONLINE:
