# ALONG THE LINE WITH DEMONSTRATION MARCHERS
## 
### 

Their caravans meeting with frequent rebuffs,' several hundred marchers from all sections of the
country continued to march to Washington to stage unemployment demonstrations as congress opened.
Above is a gathering of marchers with banners in Cleveland, O. Lower left: Another group eating at a
community house-in Toledo, 0., and (lower right) Ann Burlac and Carl Winters, leaders of the New
England column. (Associated Press Photos) .



Their caravans meeting with frequent rebuffs,' several hundred marchers from all sections of the
country continued to march to Washington to stage unemployment demonstrations as congress opened.
Above is a gathering of marchers with banners in Cleveland, O. Lower left: Another group eating at a
community house-in Toledo, 0., and (lower right) Ann Burlac and Carl Winters, leaders of the New
England column. (Associated Press Photos) .



Their caravans meeting with frequent rebuffs,' several hundred marchers from all sections of the
country continued to march to Washington to stage unemployment demonstrations as congress opened.
Above is a gathering of marchers with banners in Cleveland, O. Lower left: Another group eating at a
community house-in Toledo, 0., and (lower right) Ann Burlac and Carl Winters, leaders of the New
England column. (Associated Press Photos) .



Their caravans meeting with frequent rebuffs,' several hundred marchers from all sections of the
country continued to march to Washington to stage unemployment demonstrations as congress opened.
Above is a gathering of marchers with banners in Cleveland, O. Lower left: Another group eating at a
community house-in Toledo, 0., and (lower right) Ann Burlac and Carl Winters, leaders of the New
England column. (Associated Press Photos) .



Their caravans meeting with frequent rebuffs,' several hundred marchers from all sections of the
country continued to march to Washington to stage unemployment demonstrations as congress opened.
Above is a gathering of marchers with banners in Cleveland, O. Lower left: Another group eating at a
community house-in Toledo, 0., and (lower right) Ann Burlac and Carl Winters, leaders of the New
England column. (Associated Press Photos) .



Their caravans meeting with frequent rebuffs,' several hundred marchers from all sections of the
country continued to march to Washington to stage unemployment demonstrations as congress opened.
Above is a gathering of marchers with banners in Cleveland, O. Lower left: Another group eating at a
community house-in Toledo, 0., and (lower right) Ann Burlac and Carl Winters, leaders of the New
England column. (Associated Press Photos) .



Their caravans meeting with frequent rebuffs,' several hundred marchers from all sections of the
country continued to march to Washington to stage unemployment demonstrations as congress opened.
Above is a gathering of marchers with banners in Cleveland, O. Lower left: Another group eating at a
community house-in Toledo, 0., and (lower right) Ann Burlac and Carl Winters, leaders of the New
England column. (Associated Press Photos) .



Their caravans meeting with frequent rebuffs,' several hundred marchers from all sections of the
country continued to march to Washington to stage unemployment demonstrations as congress opened.
Above is a gathering of marchers with banners in Cleveland, O. Lower left: Another group eating at a
community house-in Toledo, 0., and (lower right) Ann Burlac and Carl Winters, leaders of the New
England column. (Associated Press Photos) .



Their caravans meeting with frequent rebuffs,' several hundred marchers from all sections of the
country continued to march to Washington to stage unemployment demonstrations as congress opened.
Above is a gathering of marchers with banners in Cleveland, O. Lower left: Another group eating at a
community house-in Toledo, 0., and (lower right) Ann Burlac and Carl Winters, leaders of the New
England column. (Associated Press Photos) .



Their caravans meeting with frequent rebuffs,' several hundred marchers from all sections of the
country continued to march to Washington to stage unemployment demonstrations as congress opened.
Above is a gathering of marchers with banners in Cleveland, O. Lower left: Another group eating at a
community house-in Toledo, 0., and (lower right) Ann Burlac and Carl Winters, leaders of the New
England column. (Associated Press Photos) .



Their caravans meeting with frequent rebuffs,' several hundred marchers from all sections of the
country continued to march to Washington to stage unemployment demonstrations as congress opened.
Above is a gathering of marchers with banners in Cleveland, O. Lower left: Another group eating at a
community house-in Toledo, 0., and (lower right) Ann Burlac and Carl Winters, leaders of the New
England column. (Associated Press Photos) .



Their caravans meeting with frequent rebuffs,' several hundred marchers from all sections of the
country continued to march to Washington to stage unemployment demonstrations as congress opened.
Above is a gathering of marchers with banners in Cleveland, O. Lower left: Another group eating at a
community house-in Toledo, 0., and (lower right) Ann Burlac and Carl Winters, leaders of the New
England column. (Associated Press Photos) .



Their caravans meeting with frequent rebuffs,' several hundred marchers from all sections of the
country continued to march to Washington to stage unemployment demonstrations as congress opened.
Above is a gathering of marchers with banners in Cleveland, O. Lower left: Another group eating at a
community house-in Toledo, 0., and (lower right) Ann Burlac and Carl Winters, leaders of the New
England column. (Associated Press Photos) .



Their caravans meeting with frequent rebuffs,' several hundred marchers from all sections of the
country continued to march to Washington to stage unemployment demonstrations as congress opened.
Above is a gathering of marchers with banners in Cleveland, O. Lower left: Another group eating at a
community house-in Toledo, 0., and (lower right) Ann Burlac and Carl Winters, leaders of the New
England column. (Associated Press Photos) .



Their caravans meeting with frequent rebuffs,' several hundred marchers from all sections of the
country continued to march to Washington to stage unemployment demonstrations as congress opened.
Above is a gathering of marchers with banners in Cleveland, O. Lower left: Another group eating at a
community house-in Toledo, 0., and (lower right) Ann Burlac and Carl Winters, leaders of the New
England column. (Associated Press Photos) .



Their caravans meeting with frequent rebuffs,' several hundred marchers from all sections of the
country continued to march to Washington to stage unemployment demonstrations as congress opened.
Above is a gathering of marchers with banners in Cleveland, O. Lower left: Another group eating at a
community house-in Toledo, 0., and (lower right) Ann Burlac and Carl Winters, leaders of the New
England column. (Associated Press Photos) .


