# Prof Accepts Australia Post
## 
### 
Malvern Gilmartin, professor of
Biological Oceanography at
Hopkins Marine Station, has been
appointed director of the
Australian Institute of Marine
Science set up by the Australian
government.
The Institute will carry out
detailed research on the Great
Barrier Reef and tropical
Queensland coast. As well as
studying the reef, the institute
may later conduct research in the
Coral Sea.
The Barrier Reef — perhaps
the most remarkable coral
formation in the world — extends
for about 1250 miles from Torres
Strait to beyond the Tropic of
Capricorn, off Rockhampton,
Queensland.
Malvern Gilmartin, professor of
Biological Oceanography at
Hopkins Marine Station, has been
appointed director of the
Australian Institute of Marine
Science set up by the Australian
government.
The Institute will carry out
detailed research on the Great
Barrier Reef and tropical
Queensland coast. As well as
studying the reef, the institute
may later conduct research in the
Coral Sea.
The Barrier Reef — perhaps
the most remarkable coral
formation in the world — extends
for about 1250 miles from Torres
Strait to beyond the Tropic of
Capricorn, off Rockhampton,
Queensland.
Malvern Gilmartin, professor of
Biological Oceanography at
Hopkins Marine Station, has been
appointed director of the
Australian Institute of Marine
Science set up by the Australian
government.
The Institute will carry out
detailed research on the Great
Barrier Reef and tropical
Queensland coast. As well as
studying the reef, the institute
may later conduct research in the
Coral Sea.
The Barrier Reef — perhaps
the most remarkable coral
formation in the world — extends
for about 1250 miles from Torres
Strait to beyond the Tropic of
Capricorn, off Rockhampton,
Queensland.
Malvern Gilmartin, professor of
Biological Oceanography at
Hopkins Marine Station, has been
appointed director of the
Australian Institute of Marine
Science set up by the Australian
government.
The Institute will carry out
detailed research on the Great
Barrier Reef and tropical
Queensland coast. As well as
studying the reef, the institute
may later conduct research in the
Coral Sea.
The Barrier Reef — perhaps
the most remarkable coral
formation in the world — extends
for about 1250 miles from Torres
Strait to beyond the Tropic of
Capricorn, off Rockhampton,
Queensland.
Malvern Gilmartin, professor of
Biological Oceanography at
Hopkins Marine Station, has been
appointed director of the
Australian Institute of Marine
Science set up by the Australian
government.
The Institute will carry out
detailed research on the Great
Barrier Reef and tropical
Queensland coast. As well as
studying the reef, the institute
may later conduct research in the
Coral Sea.
The Barrier Reef — perhaps
the most remarkable coral
formation in the world — extends
for about 1250 miles from Torres
Strait to beyond the Tropic of
Capricorn, off Rockhampton,
Queensland.
Malvern Gilmartin, professor of
Biological Oceanography at
Hopkins Marine Station, has been
appointed director of the
Australian Institute of Marine
Science set up by the Australian
government.
The Institute will carry out
detailed research on the Great
Barrier Reef and tropical
Queensland coast. As well as
studying the reef, the institute
may later conduct research in the
Coral Sea.
The Barrier Reef — perhaps
the most remarkable coral
formation in the world — extends
for about 1250 miles from Torres
Strait to beyond the Tropic of
Capricorn, off Rockhampton,
Queensland.
Malvern Gilmartin, professor of
Biological Oceanography at
Hopkins Marine Station, has been
appointed director of the
Australian Institute of Marine
Science set up by the Australian
government.
The Institute will carry out
detailed research on the Great
Barrier Reef and tropical
Queensland coast. As well as
studying the reef, the institute
may later conduct research in the
Coral Sea.
The Barrier Reef — perhaps
the most remarkable coral
formation in the world — extends
for about 1250 miles from Torres
Strait to beyond the Tropic of
Capricorn, off Rockhampton,
Queensland.
Malvern Gilmartin, professor of
Biological Oceanography at
Hopkins Marine Station, has been
appointed director of the
Australian Institute of Marine
Science set up by the Australian
government.
The Institute will carry out
detailed research on the Great
Barrier Reef and tropical
Queensland coast. As well as
studying the reef, the institute
may later conduct research in the
Coral Sea.
The Barrier Reef — perhaps
the most remarkable coral
formation in the world — extends
for about 1250 miles from Torres
Strait to beyond the Tropic of
Capricorn, off Rockhampton,
Queensland.
Malvern Gilmartin, professor of
Biological Oceanography at
Hopkins Marine Station, has been
appointed director of the
Australian Institute of Marine
Science set up by the Australian
government.
The Institute will carry out
detailed research on the Great
Barrier Reef and tropical
Queensland coast. As well as
studying the reef, the institute
may later conduct research in the
Coral Sea.
The Barrier Reef — perhaps
the most remarkable coral
formation in the world — extends
for about 1250 miles from Torres
Strait to beyond the Tropic of
Capricorn, off Rockhampton,
Queensland.
Malvern Gilmartin, professor of
Biological Oceanography at
Hopkins Marine Station, has been
appointed director of the
Australian Institute of Marine
Science set up by the Australian
government.
The Institute will carry out
detailed research on the Great
Barrier Reef and tropical
Queensland coast. As well as
studying the reef, the institute
may later conduct research in the
Coral Sea.
The Barrier Reef — perhaps
the most remarkable coral
formation in the world — extends
for about 1250 miles from Torres
Strait to beyond the Tropic of
Capricorn, off Rockhampton,
Queensland.
Malvern Gilmartin, professor of
Biological Oceanography at
Hopkins Marine Station, has been
appointed director of the
Australian Institute of Marine
Science set up by the Australian
government.
The Institute will carry out
detailed research on the Great
Barrier Reef and tropical
Queensland coast. As well as
studying the reef, the institute
may later conduct research in the
Coral Sea.
The Barrier Reef — perhaps
the most remarkable coral
formation in the world — extends
for about 1250 miles from Torres
Strait to beyond the Tropic of
Capricorn, off Rockhampton,
Queensland.
Malvern Gilmartin, professor of
Biological Oceanography at
Hopkins Marine Station, has been
appointed director of the
Australian Institute of Marine
Science set up by the Australian
government.
The Institute will carry out
detailed research on the Great
Barrier Reef and tropical
Queensland coast. As well as
studying the reef, the institute
may later conduct research in the
Coral Sea.
The Barrier Reef — perhaps
the most remarkable coral
formation in the world — extends
for about 1250 miles from Torres
Strait to beyond the Tropic of
Capricorn, off Rockhampton,
Queensland.
Malvern Gilmartin, professor of
Biological Oceanography at
Hopkins Marine Station, has been
appointed director of the
Australian Institute of Marine
Science set up by the Australian
government.
The Institute will carry out
detailed research on the Great
Barrier Reef and tropical
Queensland coast. As well as
studying the reef, the institute
may later conduct research in the
Coral Sea.
The Barrier Reef — perhaps
the most remarkable coral
formation in the world — extends
for about 1250 miles from Torres
Strait to beyond the Tropic of
Capricorn, off Rockhampton,
Queensland.
Malvern Gilmartin, professor of
Biological Oceanography at
Hopkins Marine Station, has been
appointed director of the
Australian Institute of Marine
Science set up by the Australian
government.
The Institute will carry out
detailed research on the Great
Barrier Reef and tropical
Queensland coast. As well as
studying the reef, the institute
may later conduct research in the
Coral Sea.
The Barrier Reef — perhaps
the most remarkable coral
formation in the world — extends
for about 1250 miles from Torres
Strait to beyond the Tropic of
Capricorn, off Rockhampton,
Queensland.
