# Nivon Reads from Moliere At French Club Meeting
## 
### 
Georges Nivon, assistant in the Ro
manic Languages department, read a
number of selections of "Le Bourgeois
Gentilhomme," by Moliere, at the
opening meeting of the French Club
held last evening at the Theta house.
The relationship of the various selec
tions was explained by Mr. Nivon, so
that the entire play was outlined in
the reading. Refreshments were
served.
The next meeting of the organiza
tion will be held on the first Wednes
day of December. A French play is
being planned for the occasion.
Georges Nivon, assistant in the Ro
manic Languages department, read a
number of selections of "Le Bourgeois
Gentilhomme," by Moliere, at the
opening meeting of the French Club
held last evening at the Theta house.
The relationship of the various selec
tions was explained by Mr. Nivon, so
that the entire play was outlined in
the reading. Refreshments were
served.
The next meeting of the organiza
tion will be held on the first Wednes
day of December. A French play is
being planned for the occasion.
Georges Nivon, assistant in the Ro
manic Languages department, read a
number of selections of "Le Bourgeois
Gentilhomme," by Moliere, at the
opening meeting of the French Club
held last evening at the Theta house.
The relationship of the various selec
tions was explained by Mr. Nivon, so
that the entire play was outlined in
the reading. Refreshments were
served.
The next meeting of the organiza
tion will be held on the first Wednes
day of December. A French play is
being planned for the occasion.
Georges Nivon, assistant in the Ro
manic Languages department, read a
number of selections of "Le Bourgeois
Gentilhomme," by Moliere, at the
opening meeting of the French Club
held last evening at the Theta house.
The relationship of the various selec
tions was explained by Mr. Nivon, so
that the entire play was outlined in
the reading. Refreshments were
served.
The next meeting of the organiza
tion will be held on the first Wednes
day of December. A French play is
being planned for the occasion.
Georges Nivon, assistant in the Ro
manic Languages department, read a
number of selections of "Le Bourgeois
Gentilhomme," by Moliere, at the
opening meeting of the French Club
held last evening at the Theta house.
The relationship of the various selec
tions was explained by Mr. Nivon, so
that the entire play was outlined in
the reading. Refreshments were
served.
The next meeting of the organiza
tion will be held on the first Wednes
day of December. A French play is
being planned for the occasion.
Georges Nivon, assistant in the Ro
manic Languages department, read a
number of selections of "Le Bourgeois
Gentilhomme," by Moliere, at the
opening meeting of the French Club
held last evening at the Theta house.
The relationship of the various selec
tions was explained by Mr. Nivon, so
that the entire play was outlined in
the reading. Refreshments were
served.
The next meeting of the organiza
tion will be held on the first Wednes
day of December. A French play is
being planned for the occasion.
Georges Nivon, assistant in the Ro
manic Languages department, read a
number of selections of "Le Bourgeois
Gentilhomme," by Moliere, at the
opening meeting of the French Club
held last evening at the Theta house.
The relationship of the various selec
tions was explained by Mr. Nivon, so
that the entire play was outlined in
the reading. Refreshments were
served.
The next meeting of the organiza
tion will be held on the first Wednes
day of December. A French play is
being planned for the occasion.
Georges Nivon, assistant in the Ro
manic Languages department, read a
number of selections of "Le Bourgeois
Gentilhomme," by Moliere, at the
opening meeting of the French Club
held last evening at the Theta house.
The relationship of the various selec
tions was explained by Mr. Nivon, so
that the entire play was outlined in
the reading. Refreshments were
served.
The next meeting of the organiza
tion will be held on the first Wednes
day of December. A French play is
being planned for the occasion.
Georges Nivon, assistant in the Ro
manic Languages department, read a
number of selections of "Le Bourgeois
Gentilhomme," by Moliere, at the
opening meeting of the French Club
held last evening at the Theta house.
The relationship of the various selec
tions was explained by Mr. Nivon, so
that the entire play was outlined in
the reading. Refreshments were
served.
The next meeting of the organiza
tion will be held on the first Wednes
day of December. A French play is
being planned for the occasion.
Georges Nivon, assistant in the Ro
manic Languages department, read a
number of selections of "Le Bourgeois
Gentilhomme," by Moliere, at the
opening meeting of the French Club
held last evening at the Theta house.
The relationship of the various selec
tions was explained by Mr. Nivon, so
that the entire play was outlined in
the reading. Refreshments were
served.
The next meeting of the organiza
tion will be held on the first Wednes
day of December. A French play is
being planned for the occasion.
Georges Nivon, assistant in the Ro
manic Languages department, read a
number of selections of "Le Bourgeois
Gentilhomme," by Moliere, at the
opening meeting of the French Club
held last evening at the Theta house.
The relationship of the various selec
tions was explained by Mr. Nivon, so
that the entire play was outlined in
the reading. Refreshments were
served.
The next meeting of the organiza
tion will be held on the first Wednes
day of December. A French play is
being planned for the occasion.
Georges Nivon, assistant in the Ro
manic Languages department, read a
number of selections of "Le Bourgeois
Gentilhomme," by Moliere, at the
opening meeting of the French Club
held last evening at the Theta house.
The relationship of the various selec
tions was explained by Mr. Nivon, so
that the entire play was outlined in
the reading. Refreshments were
served.
The next meeting of the organiza
tion will be held on the first Wednes
day of December. A French play is
being planned for the occasion.
Georges Nivon, assistant in the Ro
manic Languages department, read a
number of selections of "Le Bourgeois
Gentilhomme," by Moliere, at the
opening meeting of the French Club
held last evening at the Theta house.
The relationship of the various selec
tions was explained by Mr. Nivon, so
that the entire play was outlined in
the reading. Refreshments were
served.
The next meeting of the organiza
tion will be held on the first Wednes
day of December. A French play is
being planned for the occasion.
Georges Nivon, assistant in the Ro
manic Languages department, read a
number of selections of "Le Bourgeois
Gentilhomme," by Moliere, at the
opening meeting of the French Club
held last evening at the Theta house.
The relationship of the various selec
tions was explained by Mr. Nivon, so
that the entire play was outlined in
the reading. Refreshments were
served.
The next meeting of the organiza
tion will be held on the first Wednes
day of December. A French play is
being planned for the occasion.
Georges Nivon, assistant in the Ro
manic Languages department, read a
number of selections of "Le Bourgeois
Gentilhomme," by Moliere, at the
opening meeting of the French Club
held last evening at the Theta house.
The relationship of the various selec
tions was explained by Mr. Nivon, so
that the entire play was outlined in
the reading. Refreshments were
served.
The next meeting of the organiza
tion will be held on the first Wednes
day of December. A French play is
being planned for the occasion.
Georges Nivon, assistant in the Ro
manic Languages department, read a
number of selections of "Le Bourgeois
Gentilhomme," by Moliere, at the
opening meeting of the French Club
held last evening at the Theta house.
The relationship of the various selec
tions was explained by Mr. Nivon, so
that the entire play was outlined in
the reading. Refreshments were
served.
The next meeting of the organiza
tion will be held on the first Wednes
day of December. A French play is
being planned for the occasion.
