# NOTICE
## 
### 
Sophomores wishing to try out for
basketball manager meet in the mana
gerial office at 4:30 today.
Sophomores wishing to try out for
basketball manager meet in the mana
gerial office at 4:30 today.
Sophomores wishing to try out for
basketball manager meet in the mana
gerial office at 4:30 today.
Sophomores wishing to try out for
basketball manager meet in the mana
gerial office at 4:30 today.
Sophomores wishing to try out for
basketball manager meet in the mana
gerial office at 4:30 today.
Sophomores wishing to try out for
basketball manager meet in the mana
gerial office at 4:30 today.
Sophomores wishing to try out for
basketball manager meet in the mana
gerial office at 4:30 today.
Sophomores wishing to try out for
basketball manager meet in the mana
gerial office at 4:30 today.
Sophomores wishing to try out for
basketball manager meet in the mana
gerial office at 4:30 today.
Sophomores wishing to try out for
basketball manager meet in the mana
gerial office at 4:30 today.
Sophomores wishing to try out for
basketball manager meet in the mana
gerial office at 4:30 today.
Sophomores wishing to try out for
basketball manager meet in the mana
gerial office at 4:30 today.
Sophomores wishing to try out for
basketball manager meet in the mana
gerial office at 4:30 today.
Sophomores wishing to try out for
basketball manager meet in the mana
gerial office at 4:30 today.
Sophomores wishing to try out for
basketball manager meet in the mana
gerial office at 4:30 today.
Sophomores wishing to try out for
basketball manager meet in the mana
gerial office at 4:30 today.
