# Adv. 9 Page 4
## 
### 
The Daily is now accepting
applications for at-large editorial
writers. Deadline is 5 p.m., Oct. 2.
The Daily is now accepting
applications for at-large editorial
writers. Deadline is 5 p.m., Oct. 2.
The Daily is now accepting
applications for at-large editorial
writers. Deadline is 5 p.m., Oct. 2.
The Daily is now accepting
applications for at-large editorial
writers. Deadline is 5 p.m., Oct. 2.
The Daily is now accepting
applications for at-large editorial
writers. Deadline is 5 p.m., Oct. 2.
The Daily is now accepting
applications for at-large editorial
writers. Deadline is 5 p.m., Oct. 2.
The Daily is now accepting
applications for at-large editorial
writers. Deadline is 5 p.m., Oct. 2.
