# Frosh Applications Sought for Excom
## 
### 
Excom for the Class of '53 is now
being formulated.
All interested freshmen are in
structed to send their names, ad
dresses, and possible plans to Box
228.'], Stanford, California, before
November 22. Interviews will be ar
ranged and candidates selected.
Excom for the Class of '53 is now
being formulated.
All interested freshmen are in
structed to send their names, ad
dresses, and possible plans to Box
228.'], Stanford, California, before
November 22. Interviews will be ar
ranged and candidates selected.
Excom for the Class of '53 is now
being formulated.
All interested freshmen are in
structed to send their names, ad
dresses, and possible plans to Box
228.'], Stanford, California, before
November 22. Interviews will be ar
ranged and candidates selected.
Excom for the Class of '53 is now
being formulated.
All interested freshmen are in
structed to send their names, ad
dresses, and possible plans to Box
228.'], Stanford, California, before
November 22. Interviews will be ar
ranged and candidates selected.
Excom for the Class of '53 is now
being formulated.
All interested freshmen are in
structed to send their names, ad
dresses, and possible plans to Box
228.'], Stanford, California, before
November 22. Interviews will be ar
ranged and candidates selected.
Excom for the Class of '53 is now
being formulated.
All interested freshmen are in
structed to send their names, ad
dresses, and possible plans to Box
228.'], Stanford, California, before
November 22. Interviews will be ar
ranged and candidates selected.
Excom for the Class of '53 is now
being formulated.
All interested freshmen are in
structed to send their names, ad
dresses, and possible plans to Box
228.'], Stanford, California, before
November 22. Interviews will be ar
ranged and candidates selected.
Excom for the Class of '53 is now
being formulated.
All interested freshmen are in
structed to send their names, ad
dresses, and possible plans to Box
228.'], Stanford, California, before
November 22. Interviews will be ar
ranged and candidates selected.
Excom for the Class of '53 is now
being formulated.
All interested freshmen are in
structed to send their names, ad
dresses, and possible plans to Box
228.'], Stanford, California, before
November 22. Interviews will be ar
ranged and candidates selected.
Excom for the Class of '53 is now
being formulated.
All interested freshmen are in
structed to send their names, ad
dresses, and possible plans to Box
228.'], Stanford, California, before
November 22. Interviews will be ar
ranged and candidates selected.
Excom for the Class of '53 is now
being formulated.
All interested freshmen are in
structed to send their names, ad
dresses, and possible plans to Box
228.'], Stanford, California, before
November 22. Interviews will be ar
ranged and candidates selected.
Excom for the Class of '53 is now
being formulated.
All interested freshmen are in
structed to send their names, ad
dresses, and possible plans to Box
228.'], Stanford, California, before
November 22. Interviews will be ar
ranged and candidates selected.
Excom for the Class of '53 is now
being formulated.
All interested freshmen are in
structed to send their names, ad
dresses, and possible plans to Box
228.'], Stanford, California, before
November 22. Interviews will be ar
ranged and candidates selected.
Excom for the Class of '53 is now
being formulated.
All interested freshmen are in
structed to send their names, ad
dresses, and possible plans to Box
228.'], Stanford, California, before
November 22. Interviews will be ar
ranged and candidates selected.
Excom for the Class of '53 is now
being formulated.
All interested freshmen are in
structed to send their names, ad
dresses, and possible plans to Box
228.'], Stanford, California, before
November 22. Interviews will be ar
ranged and candidates selected.
Excom for the Class of '53 is now
being formulated.
All interested freshmen are in
structed to send their names, ad
dresses, and possible plans to Box
228.'], Stanford, California, before
November 22. Interviews will be ar
ranged and candidates selected.
