# E. E. and M. E. Game Saturday.
## 
### 
The game of baseball scheduled be
tween the members of the Electrical
Engineering Society and the Mechan
ical Engineering Society will be play
er; Saturday morning at 9:30 on the
Varsity diamond.
The game of baseball scheduled be
tween the members of the Electrical
Engineering Society and the Mechan
ical Engineering Society will be play
er; Saturday morning at 9:30 on the
Varsity diamond.
The game of baseball scheduled be
tween the members of the Electrical
Engineering Society and the Mechan
ical Engineering Society will be play
er; Saturday morning at 9:30 on the
Varsity diamond.
The game of baseball scheduled be
tween the members of the Electrical
Engineering Society and the Mechan
ical Engineering Society will be play
er; Saturday morning at 9:30 on the
Varsity diamond.
The game of baseball scheduled be
tween the members of the Electrical
Engineering Society and the Mechan
ical Engineering Society will be play
er; Saturday morning at 9:30 on the
Varsity diamond.
The game of baseball scheduled be
tween the members of the Electrical
Engineering Society and the Mechan
ical Engineering Society will be play
er; Saturday morning at 9:30 on the
Varsity diamond.
The game of baseball scheduled be
tween the members of the Electrical
Engineering Society and the Mechan
ical Engineering Society will be play
er; Saturday morning at 9:30 on the
Varsity diamond.
The game of baseball scheduled be
tween the members of the Electrical
Engineering Society and the Mechan
ical Engineering Society will be play
er; Saturday morning at 9:30 on the
Varsity diamond.
The game of baseball scheduled be
tween the members of the Electrical
Engineering Society and the Mechan
ical Engineering Society will be play
er; Saturday morning at 9:30 on the
Varsity diamond.
The game of baseball scheduled be
tween the members of the Electrical
Engineering Society and the Mechan
ical Engineering Society will be play
er; Saturday morning at 9:30 on the
Varsity diamond.
