# Small Blaze at Gamma Phi Beta House
## 
### 
Considerable excitement was caused
about 1 o'clock this morning by a
small tire in the Gamma Phi Beta
house. One of the lace curtains
caught fire and soon many of the more
inflammable articles in the room were
ablaze. With remarkable presence of
mind, the girls tossed the burning ar
ticles out of the window and extin
guished the fire with a garden hose.
Excepting a big scare, the damage
done was slight.
Considerable excitement was caused
about 1 o'clock this morning by a
small tire in the Gamma Phi Beta
house. One of the lace curtains
caught fire and soon many of the more
inflammable articles in the room were
ablaze. With remarkable presence of
mind, the girls tossed the burning ar
ticles out of the window and extin
guished the fire with a garden hose.
Excepting a big scare, the damage
done was slight.
Considerable excitement was caused
about 1 o'clock this morning by a
small tire in the Gamma Phi Beta
house. One of the lace curtains
caught fire and soon many of the more
inflammable articles in the room were
ablaze. With remarkable presence of
mind, the girls tossed the burning ar
ticles out of the window and extin
guished the fire with a garden hose.
Excepting a big scare, the damage
done was slight.
Considerable excitement was caused
about 1 o'clock this morning by a
small tire in the Gamma Phi Beta
house. One of the lace curtains
caught fire and soon many of the more
inflammable articles in the room were
ablaze. With remarkable presence of
mind, the girls tossed the burning ar
ticles out of the window and extin
guished the fire with a garden hose.
Excepting a big scare, the damage
done was slight.
Considerable excitement was caused
about 1 o'clock this morning by a
small tire in the Gamma Phi Beta
house. One of the lace curtains
caught fire and soon many of the more
inflammable articles in the room were
ablaze. With remarkable presence of
mind, the girls tossed the burning ar
ticles out of the window and extin
guished the fire with a garden hose.
Excepting a big scare, the damage
done was slight.
Considerable excitement was caused
about 1 o'clock this morning by a
small tire in the Gamma Phi Beta
house. One of the lace curtains
caught fire and soon many of the more
inflammable articles in the room were
ablaze. With remarkable presence of
mind, the girls tossed the burning ar
ticles out of the window and extin
guished the fire with a garden hose.
Excepting a big scare, the damage
done was slight.
Considerable excitement was caused
about 1 o'clock this morning by a
small tire in the Gamma Phi Beta
house. One of the lace curtains
caught fire and soon many of the more
inflammable articles in the room were
ablaze. With remarkable presence of
mind, the girls tossed the burning ar
ticles out of the window and extin
guished the fire with a garden hose.
Excepting a big scare, the damage
done was slight.
Considerable excitement was caused
about 1 o'clock this morning by a
small tire in the Gamma Phi Beta
house. One of the lace curtains
caught fire and soon many of the more
inflammable articles in the room were
ablaze. With remarkable presence of
mind, the girls tossed the burning ar
ticles out of the window and extin
guished the fire with a garden hose.
Excepting a big scare, the damage
done was slight.
Considerable excitement was caused
about 1 o'clock this morning by a
small tire in the Gamma Phi Beta
house. One of the lace curtains
caught fire and soon many of the more
inflammable articles in the room were
ablaze. With remarkable presence of
mind, the girls tossed the burning ar
ticles out of the window and extin
guished the fire with a garden hose.
Excepting a big scare, the damage
done was slight.
Considerable excitement was caused
about 1 o'clock this morning by a
small tire in the Gamma Phi Beta
house. One of the lace curtains
caught fire and soon many of the more
inflammable articles in the room were
ablaze. With remarkable presence of
mind, the girls tossed the burning ar
ticles out of the window and extin
guished the fire with a garden hose.
Excepting a big scare, the damage
done was slight.
