# STANFORD WINS FROM MILLS.
## Basketball Team Captures Second Game and Series by Victory of 18 to 4. 
### 
The Stanford basketball team de
feated Mills College yesterday and
won the series of games by the score,
18-4. The Mills team played a better
game than the score would seem to
indicate, and the work of their jump
ing center was unusually good. The
Stanford team was in excellent play
ing form and played the mechanical
game of team work that has proved
so successful. The work ot' the Stan
lord guards and of Miss Haig, forward,
was in the nature of star playing.
Stanford has defeated Mills College
twice previous to this game by very
decisive scores. Another game was
scheduled, but may not be played,
since the series has been won.
The line-up was as follows: For
wards, Miss S. Bundy, '10 (captain),
Miss B. Haig, '10, Miss R. Sampson,
'10; centers, Miss M. Monteitli, '08,
Miss M. Hunter, '12, Miss B. Whelan,
'12; guards, Miss E. Hay ward, '10,
Miss L. Woodhead, '11, Miss H. Hardi
son, '10.
The Stanford basketball team de
feated Mills College yesterday and
won the series of games by the score,
18-4. The Mills team played a better
game than the score would seem to
indicate, and the work of their jump
ing center was unusually good. The
Stanford team was in excellent play
ing form and played the mechanical
game of team work that has proved
so successful. The work ot' the Stan
lord guards and of Miss Haig, forward,
was in the nature of star playing.
Stanford has defeated Mills College
twice previous to this game by very
decisive scores. Another game was
scheduled, but may not be played,
since the series has been won.
The line-up was as follows: For
wards, Miss S. Bundy, '10 (captain),
Miss B. Haig, '10, Miss R. Sampson,
'10; centers, Miss M. Monteitli, '08,
Miss M. Hunter, '12, Miss B. Whelan,
'12; guards, Miss E. Hay ward, '10,
Miss L. Woodhead, '11, Miss H. Hardi
son, '10.
The Stanford basketball team de
feated Mills College yesterday and
won the series of games by the score,
18-4. The Mills team played a better
game than the score would seem to
indicate, and the work of their jump
ing center was unusually good. The
Stanford team was in excellent play
ing form and played the mechanical
game of team work that has proved
so successful. The work ot' the Stan
lord guards and of Miss Haig, forward,
was in the nature of star playing.
Stanford has defeated Mills College
twice previous to this game by very
decisive scores. Another game was
scheduled, but may not be played,
since the series has been won.
The line-up was as follows: For
wards, Miss S. Bundy, '10 (captain),
Miss B. Haig, '10, Miss R. Sampson,
'10; centers, Miss M. Monteitli, '08,
Miss M. Hunter, '12, Miss B. Whelan,
'12; guards, Miss E. Hay ward, '10,
Miss L. Woodhead, '11, Miss H. Hardi
son, '10.
The Stanford basketball team de
feated Mills College yesterday and
won the series of games by the score,
18-4. The Mills team played a better
game than the score would seem to
indicate, and the work of their jump
ing center was unusually good. The
Stanford team was in excellent play
ing form and played the mechanical
game of team work that has proved
so successful. The work ot' the Stan
lord guards and of Miss Haig, forward,
was in the nature of star playing.
Stanford has defeated Mills College
twice previous to this game by very
decisive scores. Another game was
scheduled, but may not be played,
since the series has been won.
The line-up was as follows: For
wards, Miss S. Bundy, '10 (captain),
Miss B. Haig, '10, Miss R. Sampson,
'10; centers, Miss M. Monteitli, '08,
Miss M. Hunter, '12, Miss B. Whelan,
'12; guards, Miss E. Hay ward, '10,
Miss L. Woodhead, '11, Miss H. Hardi
son, '10.
The Stanford basketball team de
feated Mills College yesterday and
won the series of games by the score,
18-4. The Mills team played a better
game than the score would seem to
indicate, and the work of their jump
ing center was unusually good. The
Stanford team was in excellent play
ing form and played the mechanical
game of team work that has proved
so successful. The work ot' the Stan
lord guards and of Miss Haig, forward,
was in the nature of star playing.
Stanford has defeated Mills College
twice previous to this game by very
decisive scores. Another game was
scheduled, but may not be played,
since the series has been won.
The line-up was as follows: For
wards, Miss S. Bundy, '10 (captain),
Miss B. Haig, '10, Miss R. Sampson,
'10; centers, Miss M. Monteitli, '08,
Miss M. Hunter, '12, Miss B. Whelan,
'12; guards, Miss E. Hay ward, '10,
Miss L. Woodhead, '11, Miss H. Hardi
son, '10.
The Stanford basketball team de
feated Mills College yesterday and
won the series of games by the score,
18-4. The Mills team played a better
game than the score would seem to
indicate, and the work of their jump
ing center was unusually good. The
Stanford team was in excellent play
ing form and played the mechanical
game of team work that has proved
so successful. The work ot' the Stan
lord guards and of Miss Haig, forward,
was in the nature of star playing.
Stanford has defeated Mills College
twice previous to this game by very
decisive scores. Another game was
scheduled, but may not be played,
since the series has been won.
The line-up was as follows: For
wards, Miss S. Bundy, '10 (captain),
Miss B. Haig, '10, Miss R. Sampson,
'10; centers, Miss M. Monteitli, '08,
Miss M. Hunter, '12, Miss B. Whelan,
'12; guards, Miss E. Hay ward, '10,
Miss L. Woodhead, '11, Miss H. Hardi
son, '10.
The Stanford basketball team de
feated Mills College yesterday and
won the series of games by the score,
18-4. The Mills team played a better
game than the score would seem to
indicate, and the work of their jump
ing center was unusually good. The
Stanford team was in excellent play
ing form and played the mechanical
game of team work that has proved
so successful. The work ot' the Stan
lord guards and of Miss Haig, forward,
was in the nature of star playing.
Stanford has defeated Mills College
twice previous to this game by very
decisive scores. Another game was
scheduled, but may not be played,
since the series has been won.
The line-up was as follows: For
wards, Miss S. Bundy, '10 (captain),
Miss B. Haig, '10, Miss R. Sampson,
'10; centers, Miss M. Monteitli, '08,
Miss M. Hunter, '12, Miss B. Whelan,
'12; guards, Miss E. Hay ward, '10,
Miss L. Woodhead, '11, Miss H. Hardi
son, '10.
The Stanford basketball team de
feated Mills College yesterday and
won the series of games by the score,
18-4. The Mills team played a better
game than the score would seem to
indicate, and the work of their jump
ing center was unusually good. The
Stanford team was in excellent play
ing form and played the mechanical
game of team work that has proved
so successful. The work ot' the Stan
lord guards and of Miss Haig, forward,
was in the nature of star playing.
Stanford has defeated Mills College
twice previous to this game by very
decisive scores. Another game was
scheduled, but may not be played,
since the series has been won.
The line-up was as follows: For
wards, Miss S. Bundy, '10 (captain),
Miss B. Haig, '10, Miss R. Sampson,
'10; centers, Miss M. Monteitli, '08,
Miss M. Hunter, '12, Miss B. Whelan,
'12; guards, Miss E. Hay ward, '10,
Miss L. Woodhead, '11, Miss H. Hardi
son, '10.
The Stanford basketball team de
feated Mills College yesterday and
won the series of games by the score,
18-4. The Mills team played a better
game than the score would seem to
indicate, and the work of their jump
ing center was unusually good. The
Stanford team was in excellent play
ing form and played the mechanical
game of team work that has proved
so successful. The work ot' the Stan
lord guards and of Miss Haig, forward,
was in the nature of star playing.
Stanford has defeated Mills College
twice previous to this game by very
decisive scores. Another game was
scheduled, but may not be played,
since the series has been won.
The line-up was as follows: For
wards, Miss S. Bundy, '10 (captain),
Miss B. Haig, '10, Miss R. Sampson,
'10; centers, Miss M. Monteitli, '08,
Miss M. Hunter, '12, Miss B. Whelan,
'12; guards, Miss E. Hay ward, '10,
Miss L. Woodhead, '11, Miss H. Hardi
son, '10.
The Stanford basketball team de
feated Mills College yesterday and
won the series of games by the score,
18-4. The Mills team played a better
game than the score would seem to
indicate, and the work of their jump
ing center was unusually good. The
Stanford team was in excellent play
ing form and played the mechanical
game of team work that has proved
so successful. The work ot' the Stan
lord guards and of Miss Haig, forward,
was in the nature of star playing.
Stanford has defeated Mills College
twice previous to this game by very
decisive scores. Another game was
scheduled, but may not be played,
since the series has been won.
The line-up was as follows: For
wards, Miss S. Bundy, '10 (captain),
Miss B. Haig, '10, Miss R. Sampson,
'10; centers, Miss M. Monteitli, '08,
Miss M. Hunter, '12, Miss B. Whelan,
'12; guards, Miss E. Hay ward, '10,
Miss L. Woodhead, '11, Miss H. Hardi
son, '10.
