# White Sox Defeat Santa Clara.
## 
### 
The White Sox shut out Santa Clara
in baseball Tuesday. Score, 3-0.
The White Sox shut out Santa Clara
in baseball Tuesday. Score, 3-0.
The White Sox shut out Santa Clara
in baseball Tuesday. Score, 3-0.
The White Sox shut out Santa Clara
in baseball Tuesday. Score, 3-0.
The White Sox shut out Santa Clara
in baseball Tuesday. Score, 3-0.
The White Sox shut out Santa Clara
in baseball Tuesday. Score, 3-0.
The White Sox shut out Santa Clara
in baseball Tuesday. Score, 3-0.
The White Sox shut out Santa Clara
in baseball Tuesday. Score, 3-0.
The White Sox shut out Santa Clara
in baseball Tuesday. Score, 3-0.
The White Sox shut out Santa Clara
in baseball Tuesday. Score, 3-0.
