# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
Library Book Sale
Used library books will be
sold today at reduced prices.
The lxH»k sale opens at 8
a.m. in the lobby of the main
library. Prices will range
from 10 cents to several dol
lars.
Library Book Sale
Used library books will be
sold today at reduced prices.
The lxH»k sale opens at 8
a.m. in the lobby of the main
library. Prices will range
from 10 cents to several dol
lars.
Library Book Sale
Used library books will be
sold today at reduced prices.
The lxH»k sale opens at 8
a.m. in the lobby of the main
library. Prices will range
from 10 cents to several dol
lars.
Library Book Sale
Used library books will be
sold today at reduced prices.
The lxH»k sale opens at 8
a.m. in the lobby of the main
library. Prices will range
from 10 cents to several dol
lars.
Library Book Sale
Used library books will be
sold today at reduced prices.
The lxH»k sale opens at 8
a.m. in the lobby of the main
library. Prices will range
from 10 cents to several dol
lars.
Library Book Sale
Used library books will be
sold today at reduced prices.
The lxH»k sale opens at 8
a.m. in the lobby of the main
library. Prices will range
from 10 cents to several dol
lars.
Library Book Sale
Used library books will be
sold today at reduced prices.
The lxH»k sale opens at 8
a.m. in the lobby of the main
library. Prices will range
from 10 cents to several dol
lars.
Library Book Sale
Used library books will be
sold today at reduced prices.
The lxH»k sale opens at 8
a.m. in the lobby of the main
library. Prices will range
from 10 cents to several dol
lars.
Library Book Sale
Used library books will be
sold today at reduced prices.
The lxH»k sale opens at 8
a.m. in the lobby of the main
library. Prices will range
from 10 cents to several dol
lars.
Library Book Sale
Used library books will be
sold today at reduced prices.
The lxH»k sale opens at 8
a.m. in the lobby of the main
library. Prices will range
from 10 cents to several dol
lars.
Library Book Sale
Used library books will be
sold today at reduced prices.
The lxH»k sale opens at 8
a.m. in the lobby of the main
library. Prices will range
from 10 cents to several dol
lars.
Library Book Sale
Used library books will be
sold today at reduced prices.
The lxH»k sale opens at 8
a.m. in the lobby of the main
library. Prices will range
from 10 cents to several dol
lars.
Library Book Sale
Used library books will be
sold today at reduced prices.
The lxH»k sale opens at 8
a.m. in the lobby of the main
library. Prices will range
from 10 cents to several dol
lars.
Library Book Sale
Used library books will be
sold today at reduced prices.
The lxH»k sale opens at 8
a.m. in the lobby of the main
library. Prices will range
from 10 cents to several dol
lars.
Library Book Sale
Used library books will be
sold today at reduced prices.
The lxH»k sale opens at 8
a.m. in the lobby of the main
library. Prices will range
from 10 cents to several dol
lars.
Library Book Sale
Used library books will be
sold today at reduced prices.
The lxH»k sale opens at 8
a.m. in the lobby of the main
library. Prices will range
from 10 cents to several dol
lars.
Library Book Sale
Used library books will be
sold today at reduced prices.
The lxH»k sale opens at 8
a.m. in the lobby of the main
library. Prices will range
from 10 cents to several dol
lars.
