# KZSU to Feature Elections and Cuba
## 
### 
KZSU will feature two special
program series this week. Today
through Friday at 7:55 p.m. it
will present a spotlight on the
November 6 elections. The five
topics will be the House of Repre
sentatives, the Gubernatorial
races, the Democrat’s dilemma.
California part I and California,
part 11.
The second program is a report
on the Cuban Crisis. Today at 7
p.m. the report will featum the
build up to the blockade and its
precedents in both world and U.S.
history. On Thursday at 7 p.m.
the report will look at the posi
tion of Key West, Florida in the
crisis, and the effect of the quar
antine” on world opinion and the
upcoming election.
