# Exam Petitions Ready
## 
### 
The last day for filing petitions
to change examination schedules
for the Autumn quarter is No
vember 19. Petitions may be ob
tained and filed in Room 102-N.
The last day for filing petitions
to change examination schedules
for the Autumn quarter is No
vember 19. Petitions may be ob
tained and filed in Room 102-N.
The last day for filing petitions
to change examination schedules
for the Autumn quarter is No
vember 19. Petitions may be ob
tained and filed in Room 102-N.
The last day for filing petitions
to change examination schedules
for the Autumn quarter is No
vember 19. Petitions may be ob
tained and filed in Room 102-N.
The last day for filing petitions
to change examination schedules
for the Autumn quarter is No
vember 19. Petitions may be ob
tained and filed in Room 102-N.
The last day for filing petitions
to change examination schedules
for the Autumn quarter is No
vember 19. Petitions may be ob
tained and filed in Room 102-N.
The last day for filing petitions
to change examination schedules
for the Autumn quarter is No
vember 19. Petitions may be ob
tained and filed in Room 102-N.
The last day for filing petitions
to change examination schedules
for the Autumn quarter is No
vember 19. Petitions may be ob
tained and filed in Room 102-N.
The last day for filing petitions
to change examination schedules
for the Autumn quarter is No
vember 19. Petitions may be ob
tained and filed in Room 102-N.
The last day for filing petitions
to change examination schedules
for the Autumn quarter is No
vember 19. Petitions may be ob
tained and filed in Room 102-N.
The last day for filing petitions
to change examination schedules
for the Autumn quarter is No
vember 19. Petitions may be ob
tained and filed in Room 102-N.
The last day for filing petitions
to change examination schedules
for the Autumn quarter is No
vember 19. Petitions may be ob
tained and filed in Room 102-N.
The last day for filing petitions
to change examination schedules
for the Autumn quarter is No
vember 19. Petitions may be ob
tained and filed in Room 102-N.
The last day for filing petitions
to change examination schedules
for the Autumn quarter is No
vember 19. Petitions may be ob
tained and filed in Room 102-N.
The last day for filing petitions
to change examination schedules
for the Autumn quarter is No
vember 19. Petitions may be ob
tained and filed in Room 102-N.
The last day for filing petitions
to change examination schedules
for the Autumn quarter is No
vember 19. Petitions may be ob
tained and filed in Room 102-N.
The last day for filing petitions
to change examination schedules
for the Autumn quarter is No
vember 19. Petitions may be ob
tained and filed in Room 102-N.
