# Inter-Club Council Holds First Dance
## 
### 
Members of Stanford's eating clubs
and their guests "went Bavarian"
Friday evening from 9 to 1 o'clock
in the Toyon lobby to the music of
A1 Sebring's orchestra, in celebra
tion of the first anniversary of the
re-organized Inter-Club Council.
The theme of the dance, "Let's Go
Bavarian," was carried out by huge
beer kegs (empty), neon signs ad
vertising malt-and-hops products,
and steins of root beer. The lobby
of Toyon was cenverted into a Bel
tramo's Jr., by use of well-worn
studv tables.
Members of Stanford's eating clubs
and their guests "went Bavarian"
Friday evening from 9 to 1 o'clock
in the Toyon lobby to the music of
A1 Sebring's orchestra, in celebra
tion of the first anniversary of the
re-organized Inter-Club Council.
The theme of the dance, "Let's Go
Bavarian," was carried out by huge
beer kegs (empty), neon signs ad
vertising malt-and-hops products,
and steins of root beer. The lobby
of Toyon was cenverted into a Bel
tramo's Jr., by use of well-worn
studv tables.
Members of Stanford's eating clubs
and their guests "went Bavarian"
Friday evening from 9 to 1 o'clock
in the Toyon lobby to the music of
A1 Sebring's orchestra, in celebra
tion of the first anniversary of the
re-organized Inter-Club Council.
The theme of the dance, "Let's Go
Bavarian," was carried out by huge
beer kegs (empty), neon signs ad
vertising malt-and-hops products,
and steins of root beer. The lobby
of Toyon was cenverted into a Bel
tramo's Jr., by use of well-worn
studv tables.
Members of Stanford's eating clubs
and their guests "went Bavarian"
Friday evening from 9 to 1 o'clock
in the Toyon lobby to the music of
A1 Sebring's orchestra, in celebra
tion of the first anniversary of the
re-organized Inter-Club Council.
The theme of the dance, "Let's Go
Bavarian," was carried out by huge
beer kegs (empty), neon signs ad
vertising malt-and-hops products,
and steins of root beer. The lobby
of Toyon was cenverted into a Bel
tramo's Jr., by use of well-worn
studv tables.
Members of Stanford's eating clubs
and their guests "went Bavarian"
Friday evening from 9 to 1 o'clock
in the Toyon lobby to the music of
A1 Sebring's orchestra, in celebra
tion of the first anniversary of the
re-organized Inter-Club Council.
The theme of the dance, "Let's Go
Bavarian," was carried out by huge
beer kegs (empty), neon signs ad
vertising malt-and-hops products,
and steins of root beer. The lobby
of Toyon was cenverted into a Bel
tramo's Jr., by use of well-worn
studv tables.
Members of Stanford's eating clubs
and their guests "went Bavarian"
Friday evening from 9 to 1 o'clock
in the Toyon lobby to the music of
A1 Sebring's orchestra, in celebra
tion of the first anniversary of the
re-organized Inter-Club Council.
The theme of the dance, "Let's Go
Bavarian," was carried out by huge
beer kegs (empty), neon signs ad
vertising malt-and-hops products,
and steins of root beer. The lobby
of Toyon was cenverted into a Bel
tramo's Jr., by use of well-worn
studv tables.
Members of Stanford's eating clubs
and their guests "went Bavarian"
Friday evening from 9 to 1 o'clock
in the Toyon lobby to the music of
A1 Sebring's orchestra, in celebra
tion of the first anniversary of the
re-organized Inter-Club Council.
The theme of the dance, "Let's Go
Bavarian," was carried out by huge
beer kegs (empty), neon signs ad
vertising malt-and-hops products,
and steins of root beer. The lobby
of Toyon was cenverted into a Bel
tramo's Jr., by use of well-worn
studv tables.
Members of Stanford's eating clubs
and their guests "went Bavarian"
Friday evening from 9 to 1 o'clock
in the Toyon lobby to the music of
A1 Sebring's orchestra, in celebra
tion of the first anniversary of the
re-organized Inter-Club Council.
The theme of the dance, "Let's Go
Bavarian," was carried out by huge
beer kegs (empty), neon signs ad
vertising malt-and-hops products,
and steins of root beer. The lobby
of Toyon was cenverted into a Bel
tramo's Jr., by use of well-worn
studv tables.
Members of Stanford's eating clubs
and their guests "went Bavarian"
Friday evening from 9 to 1 o'clock
in the Toyon lobby to the music of
A1 Sebring's orchestra, in celebra
tion of the first anniversary of the
re-organized Inter-Club Council.
The theme of the dance, "Let's Go
Bavarian," was carried out by huge
beer kegs (empty), neon signs ad
vertising malt-and-hops products,
and steins of root beer. The lobby
of Toyon was cenverted into a Bel
tramo's Jr., by use of well-worn
studv tables.
Members of Stanford's eating clubs
and their guests "went Bavarian"
Friday evening from 9 to 1 o'clock
in the Toyon lobby to the music of
A1 Sebring's orchestra, in celebra
tion of the first anniversary of the
re-organized Inter-Club Council.
The theme of the dance, "Let's Go
Bavarian," was carried out by huge
beer kegs (empty), neon signs ad
vertising malt-and-hops products,
and steins of root beer. The lobby
of Toyon was cenverted into a Bel
tramo's Jr., by use of well-worn
studv tables.
Members of Stanford's eating clubs
and their guests "went Bavarian"
Friday evening from 9 to 1 o'clock
in the Toyon lobby to the music of
A1 Sebring's orchestra, in celebra
tion of the first anniversary of the
re-organized Inter-Club Council.
The theme of the dance, "Let's Go
Bavarian," was carried out by huge
beer kegs (empty), neon signs ad
vertising malt-and-hops products,
and steins of root beer. The lobby
of Toyon was cenverted into a Bel
tramo's Jr., by use of well-worn
studv tables.
Members of Stanford's eating clubs
and their guests "went Bavarian"
Friday evening from 9 to 1 o'clock
in the Toyon lobby to the music of
A1 Sebring's orchestra, in celebra
tion of the first anniversary of the
re-organized Inter-Club Council.
The theme of the dance, "Let's Go
Bavarian," was carried out by huge
beer kegs (empty), neon signs ad
vertising malt-and-hops products,
and steins of root beer. The lobby
of Toyon was cenverted into a Bel
tramo's Jr., by use of well-worn
studv tables.
Members of Stanford's eating clubs
and their guests "went Bavarian"
Friday evening from 9 to 1 o'clock
in the Toyon lobby to the music of
A1 Sebring's orchestra, in celebra
tion of the first anniversary of the
re-organized Inter-Club Council.
The theme of the dance, "Let's Go
Bavarian," was carried out by huge
beer kegs (empty), neon signs ad
vertising malt-and-hops products,
and steins of root beer. The lobby
of Toyon was cenverted into a Bel
tramo's Jr., by use of well-worn
studv tables.
Members of Stanford's eating clubs
and their guests "went Bavarian"
Friday evening from 9 to 1 o'clock
in the Toyon lobby to the music of
A1 Sebring's orchestra, in celebra
tion of the first anniversary of the
re-organized Inter-Club Council.
The theme of the dance, "Let's Go
Bavarian," was carried out by huge
beer kegs (empty), neon signs ad
vertising malt-and-hops products,
and steins of root beer. The lobby
of Toyon was cenverted into a Bel
tramo's Jr., by use of well-worn
studv tables.
Members of Stanford's eating clubs
and their guests "went Bavarian"
Friday evening from 9 to 1 o'clock
in the Toyon lobby to the music of
A1 Sebring's orchestra, in celebra
tion of the first anniversary of the
re-organized Inter-Club Council.
The theme of the dance, "Let's Go
Bavarian," was carried out by huge
beer kegs (empty), neon signs ad
vertising malt-and-hops products,
and steins of root beer. The lobby
of Toyon was cenverted into a Bel
tramo's Jr., by use of well-worn
studv tables.
