# Vultce Perishes As Plane Burns
## 
### 
FLAGSTAFF, Ariz., Jan. 30 (UP).
â€”A searching party reported today
that Gerard Vultee, aircraft de
signer, and his wife, Sylvia Parker
Vultee, 27, perished when their Stin
son monoplane burst into flames and
crashed on towering Wilson Moun
tain, eight miles north of Sedona.
Th ree Civilian Conservation Corps
enrollees, members of a searching
party that started out in the rugged
mountain region at dawn today,
reached the twisted, burned wreck
age of the plane about 1 p. m.
(M.S.T.), the sheriff's office here
reported.
Vultee was an official of the Vul
tee Aircraft Corporation at Downey,
Cal., on the outskirts of Los An
geles. He was the designer of the
Vultee airplane, used by the U. S.
Army.
