# The 						Stanford Daily
## Sport SCENE Meet the Cards 
### 
Swanson is a senior letter
man from San Francisco who
appeared in six games last sea
son. One of the hardest work
er's on the team, he has been
used with success during the
past two seasons as a spot-re
serve. He stands 6 feel and
weighs 201 pounds. He played
with the Braves in 1956.

The giant of ihe squad at G
feet 6 inches, Hinshaw is an
other of the many Tribe sopho
mores who sat out last season
after playing with the 1956 Pa
pooses. One of the Cards' heav
es! men at 226 pounds, Hinshaw
was a part-time starter on Ihe
frosh and is a front-line reserve
this vear. From Willows.

("Meet the Cards" appears Tuesday, Wednesday nml Thursday)



ri ITK SWAN SO X
( enter


DEAN HINSHAW
Tackle
