# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The campus will he beautified by
the addition of new homes—three
new fraternity homes, built by the
Kappa Sigma, Phi Kappa Psi, mid
Delta Kappa Epsilon fraternities
respectively.
The campus will he beautified by
the addition of new homes—three
new fraternity homes, built by the
Kappa Sigma, Phi Kappa Psi, mid
Delta Kappa Epsilon fraternities
respectively.
The campus will he beautified by
the addition of new homes—three
new fraternity homes, built by the
Kappa Sigma, Phi Kappa Psi, mid
Delta Kappa Epsilon fraternities
respectively.
The campus will he beautified by
the addition of new homes—three
new fraternity homes, built by the
Kappa Sigma, Phi Kappa Psi, mid
Delta Kappa Epsilon fraternities
respectively.
The campus will he beautified by
the addition of new homes—three
new fraternity homes, built by the
Kappa Sigma, Phi Kappa Psi, mid
Delta Kappa Epsilon fraternities
respectively.
The campus will he beautified by
the addition of new homes—three
new fraternity homes, built by the
Kappa Sigma, Phi Kappa Psi, mid
Delta Kappa Epsilon fraternities
respectively.
The campus will he beautified by
the addition of new homes—three
new fraternity homes, built by the
Kappa Sigma, Phi Kappa Psi, mid
Delta Kappa Epsilon fraternities
respectively.
