# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Next fall, when the men return
who expect to live in Encina, the
Inn will again be ready to accom
modate them, provided a sufficient
number signify their intention of
joining the club. The convenience
and the advantage of the plan have
been demonstrated. The success
has been limited only by the com
paratively small number of pa
trons. Being launched in the mid
dle of the year, the Inn could not
draw from clubs and other places
at which many students had al
ready arranged to board. In the
fall this may be changed in some
degree, at least. More than ever
before, Stanford life will concen
trate on the campus during the
coming year, especially if the Inn
club receives the support it de
serves. It will be a strong factor
in filling Encina.
Next fall, when the men return
who expect to live in Encina, the
Inn will again be ready to accom
modate them, provided a sufficient
number signify their intention of
joining the club. The convenience
and the advantage of the plan have
been demonstrated. The success
has been limited only by the com
paratively small number of pa
trons. Being launched in the mid
dle of the year, the Inn could not
draw from clubs and other places
at which many students had al
ready arranged to board. In the
fall this may be changed in some
degree, at least. More than ever
before, Stanford life will concen
trate on the campus during the
coming year, especially if the Inn
club receives the support it de
serves. It will be a strong factor
in filling Encina.
Next fall, when the men return
who expect to live in Encina, the
Inn will again be ready to accom
modate them, provided a sufficient
number signify their intention of
joining the club. The convenience
and the advantage of the plan have
been demonstrated. The success
has been limited only by the com
paratively small number of pa
trons. Being launched in the mid
dle of the year, the Inn could not
draw from clubs and other places
at which many students had al
ready arranged to board. In the
fall this may be changed in some
degree, at least. More than ever
before, Stanford life will concen
trate on the campus during the
coming year, especially if the Inn
club receives the support it de
serves. It will be a strong factor
in filling Encina.
Next fall, when the men return
who expect to live in Encina, the
Inn will again be ready to accom
modate them, provided a sufficient
number signify their intention of
joining the club. The convenience
and the advantage of the plan have
been demonstrated. The success
has been limited only by the com
paratively small number of pa
trons. Being launched in the mid
dle of the year, the Inn could not
draw from clubs and other places
at which many students had al
ready arranged to board. In the
fall this may be changed in some
degree, at least. More than ever
before, Stanford life will concen
trate on the campus during the
coming year, especially if the Inn
club receives the support it de
serves. It will be a strong factor
in filling Encina.
Next fall, when the men return
who expect to live in Encina, the
Inn will again be ready to accom
modate them, provided a sufficient
number signify their intention of
joining the club. The convenience
and the advantage of the plan have
been demonstrated. The success
has been limited only by the com
paratively small number of pa
trons. Being launched in the mid
dle of the year, the Inn could not
draw from clubs and other places
at which many students had al
ready arranged to board. In the
fall this may be changed in some
degree, at least. More than ever
before, Stanford life will concen
trate on the campus during the
coming year, especially if the Inn
club receives the support it de
serves. It will be a strong factor
in filling Encina.
Next fall, when the men return
who expect to live in Encina, the
Inn will again be ready to accom
modate them, provided a sufficient
number signify their intention of
joining the club. The convenience
and the advantage of the plan have
been demonstrated. The success
has been limited only by the com
paratively small number of pa
trons. Being launched in the mid
dle of the year, the Inn could not
draw from clubs and other places
at which many students had al
ready arranged to board. In the
fall this may be changed in some
degree, at least. More than ever
before, Stanford life will concen
trate on the campus during the
coming year, especially if the Inn
club receives the support it de
serves. It will be a strong factor
in filling Encina.
Next fall, when the men return
who expect to live in Encina, the
Inn will again be ready to accom
modate them, provided a sufficient
number signify their intention of
joining the club. The convenience
and the advantage of the plan have
been demonstrated. The success
has been limited only by the com
paratively small number of pa
trons. Being launched in the mid
dle of the year, the Inn could not
draw from clubs and other places
at which many students had al
ready arranged to board. In the
fall this may be changed in some
degree, at least. More than ever
before, Stanford life will concen
trate on the campus during the
coming year, especially if the Inn
club receives the support it de
serves. It will be a strong factor
in filling Encina.
