# CREW COACH IS PLAYBOY
## 
### 
Will Condon, Stanford's Var
sity crew coach, won the Stan
ford Playboy contest sponsored
by the AFROTC. With over eight
thousand votes behind him, Con
don became a lifetime keyholder
of the San Francisco Playboy
Club.
Will Condon, Stanford's Var
sity crew coach, won the Stan
ford Playboy contest sponsored
by the AFROTC. With over eight
thousand votes behind him, Con
don became a lifetime keyholder
of the San Francisco Playboy
Club.
Will Condon, Stanford's Var
sity crew coach, won the Stan
ford Playboy contest sponsored
by the AFROTC. With over eight
thousand votes behind him, Con
don became a lifetime keyholder
of the San Francisco Playboy
Club.
Will Condon, Stanford's Var
sity crew coach, won the Stan
ford Playboy contest sponsored
by the AFROTC. With over eight
thousand votes behind him, Con
don became a lifetime keyholder
of the San Francisco Playboy
Club.
Will Condon, Stanford's Var
sity crew coach, won the Stan
ford Playboy contest sponsored
by the AFROTC. With over eight
thousand votes behind him, Con
don became a lifetime keyholder
of the San Francisco Playboy
Club.
Will Condon, Stanford's Var
sity crew coach, won the Stan
ford Playboy contest sponsored
by the AFROTC. With over eight
thousand votes behind him, Con
don became a lifetime keyholder
of the San Francisco Playboy
Club.
Will Condon, Stanford's Var
sity crew coach, won the Stan
ford Playboy contest sponsored
by the AFROTC. With over eight
thousand votes behind him, Con
don became a lifetime keyholder
of the San Francisco Playboy
Club.
Will Condon, Stanford's Var
sity crew coach, won the Stan
ford Playboy contest sponsored
by the AFROTC. With over eight
thousand votes behind him, Con
don became a lifetime keyholder
of the San Francisco Playboy
Club.
Will Condon, Stanford's Var
sity crew coach, won the Stan
ford Playboy contest sponsored
by the AFROTC. With over eight
thousand votes behind him, Con
don became a lifetime keyholder
of the San Francisco Playboy
Club.
Will Condon, Stanford's Var
sity crew coach, won the Stan
ford Playboy contest sponsored
by the AFROTC. With over eight
thousand votes behind him, Con
don became a lifetime keyholder
of the San Francisco Playboy
Club.
Will Condon, Stanford's Var
sity crew coach, won the Stan
ford Playboy contest sponsored
by the AFROTC. With over eight
thousand votes behind him, Con
don became a lifetime keyholder
of the San Francisco Playboy
Club.
Will Condon, Stanford's Var
sity crew coach, won the Stan
ford Playboy contest sponsored
by the AFROTC. With over eight
thousand votes behind him, Con
don became a lifetime keyholder
of the San Francisco Playboy
Club.
Will Condon, Stanford's Var
sity crew coach, won the Stan
ford Playboy contest sponsored
by the AFROTC. With over eight
thousand votes behind him, Con
don became a lifetime keyholder
of the San Francisco Playboy
Club.
Will Condon, Stanford's Var
sity crew coach, won the Stan
ford Playboy contest sponsored
by the AFROTC. With over eight
thousand votes behind him, Con
don became a lifetime keyholder
of the San Francisco Playboy
Club.
Will Condon, Stanford's Var
sity crew coach, won the Stan
ford Playboy contest sponsored
by the AFROTC. With over eight
thousand votes behind him, Con
don became a lifetime keyholder
of the San Francisco Playboy
Club.
