# TO HOLD THIELE TENNIS TOURNAMENT NEXT WEEK.
## Winner of Handicap Contest Will Receive Silver Cup.—Racket for Runner-up. 
### 
Tennis devotees will have only one
more chance to show their ability this
semester and that will be in the an
nual Theile handicap tournament
which is to start on Thanksgiving day.
In this tournament only singles are
played and the handicaps are arranged
so that every entry has an equal op
portunity, while it places the poorer
Mayers on an equal footing with th »
best. In the past, this contest has al
vays been the most successful of all
tournaments. Last year eighty were
entered and it is hoped that, an even
greater number will contest this sea*
son. Besides being a handicap match,
it is the only tournament in which
thero is a prize offered. The Theile
Cup, which is a. perpetual challenge
trophy, goes to the winner. This cup
was donated several years ago by
Theile, the tailor, and the victor in
this annual fall tournament holds th<*
cup for one year. R. L. Murray, '13, is
the present holder of the trophy. Bet
sides the cup for first prize, a Ward

and Wright racket will be presented to
tho runner up.
Tennis devotees will have only one
more chance to show their ability this
semester and that will be in the an
nual Theile handicap tournament
which is to start on Thanksgiving day.
In this tournament only singles are
played and the handicaps are arranged
so that every entry has an equal op
portunity, while it places the poorer
Mayers on an equal footing with th »
best. In the past, this contest has al
vays been the most successful of all
tournaments. Last year eighty were
entered and it is hoped that, an even
greater number will contest this sea*
son. Besides being a handicap match,
it is the only tournament in which
thero is a prize offered. The Theile
Cup, which is a. perpetual challenge
trophy, goes to the winner. This cup
was donated several years ago by
Theile, the tailor, and the victor in
this annual fall tournament holds th<*
cup for one year. R. L. Murray, '13, is
the present holder of the trophy. Bet
sides the cup for first prize, a Ward

and Wright racket will be presented to
tho runner up.
Tennis devotees will have only one
more chance to show their ability this
semester and that will be in the an
nual Theile handicap tournament
which is to start on Thanksgiving day.
In this tournament only singles are
played and the handicaps are arranged
so that every entry has an equal op
portunity, while it places the poorer
Mayers on an equal footing with th »
best. In the past, this contest has al
vays been the most successful of all
tournaments. Last year eighty were
entered and it is hoped that, an even
greater number will contest this sea*
son. Besides being a handicap match,
it is the only tournament in which
thero is a prize offered. The Theile
Cup, which is a. perpetual challenge
trophy, goes to the winner. This cup
was donated several years ago by
Theile, the tailor, and the victor in
this annual fall tournament holds th<*
cup for one year. R. L. Murray, '13, is
the present holder of the trophy. Bet
sides the cup for first prize, a Ward

and Wright racket will be presented to
tho runner up.
Tennis devotees will have only one
more chance to show their ability this
semester and that will be in the an
nual Theile handicap tournament
which is to start on Thanksgiving day.
In this tournament only singles are
played and the handicaps are arranged
so that every entry has an equal op
portunity, while it places the poorer
Mayers on an equal footing with th »
best. In the past, this contest has al
vays been the most successful of all
tournaments. Last year eighty were
entered and it is hoped that, an even
greater number will contest this sea*
son. Besides being a handicap match,
it is the only tournament in which
thero is a prize offered. The Theile
Cup, which is a. perpetual challenge
trophy, goes to the winner. This cup
was donated several years ago by
Theile, the tailor, and the victor in
this annual fall tournament holds th<*
cup for one year. R. L. Murray, '13, is
the present holder of the trophy. Bet
sides the cup for first prize, a Ward

and Wright racket will be presented to
tho runner up.
Tennis devotees will have only one
more chance to show their ability this
semester and that will be in the an
nual Theile handicap tournament
which is to start on Thanksgiving day.
In this tournament only singles are
played and the handicaps are arranged
so that every entry has an equal op
portunity, while it places the poorer
Mayers on an equal footing with th »
best. In the past, this contest has al
vays been the most successful of all
tournaments. Last year eighty were
entered and it is hoped that, an even
greater number will contest this sea*
son. Besides being a handicap match,
it is the only tournament in which
thero is a prize offered. The Theile
Cup, which is a. perpetual challenge
trophy, goes to the winner. This cup
was donated several years ago by
Theile, the tailor, and the victor in
this annual fall tournament holds th<*
cup for one year. R. L. Murray, '13, is
the present holder of the trophy. Bet
sides the cup for first prize, a Ward

and Wright racket will be presented to
tho runner up.
Tennis devotees will have only one
more chance to show their ability this
semester and that will be in the an
nual Theile handicap tournament
which is to start on Thanksgiving day.
In this tournament only singles are
played and the handicaps are arranged
so that every entry has an equal op
portunity, while it places the poorer
Mayers on an equal footing with th »
best. In the past, this contest has al
vays been the most successful of all
tournaments. Last year eighty were
entered and it is hoped that, an even
greater number will contest this sea*
son. Besides being a handicap match,
it is the only tournament in which
thero is a prize offered. The Theile
Cup, which is a. perpetual challenge
trophy, goes to the winner. This cup
was donated several years ago by
Theile, the tailor, and the victor in
this annual fall tournament holds th<*
cup for one year. R. L. Murray, '13, is
the present holder of the trophy. Bet
sides the cup for first prize, a Ward

and Wright racket will be presented to
tho runner up.
Tennis devotees will have only one
more chance to show their ability this
semester and that will be in the an
nual Theile handicap tournament
which is to start on Thanksgiving day.
In this tournament only singles are
played and the handicaps are arranged
so that every entry has an equal op
portunity, while it places the poorer
Mayers on an equal footing with th »
best. In the past, this contest has al
vays been the most successful of all
tournaments. Last year eighty were
entered and it is hoped that, an even
greater number will contest this sea*
son. Besides being a handicap match,
it is the only tournament in which
thero is a prize offered. The Theile
Cup, which is a. perpetual challenge
trophy, goes to the winner. This cup
was donated several years ago by
Theile, the tailor, and the victor in
this annual fall tournament holds th<*
cup for one year. R. L. Murray, '13, is
the present holder of the trophy. Bet
sides the cup for first prize, a Ward

and Wright racket will be presented to
tho runner up.
Tennis devotees will have only one
more chance to show their ability this
semester and that will be in the an
nual Theile handicap tournament
which is to start on Thanksgiving day.
In this tournament only singles are
played and the handicaps are arranged
so that every entry has an equal op
portunity, while it places the poorer
Mayers on an equal footing with th »
best. In the past, this contest has al
vays been the most successful of all
tournaments. Last year eighty were
entered and it is hoped that, an even
greater number will contest this sea*
son. Besides being a handicap match,
it is the only tournament in which
thero is a prize offered. The Theile
Cup, which is a. perpetual challenge
trophy, goes to the winner. This cup
was donated several years ago by
Theile, the tailor, and the victor in
this annual fall tournament holds th<*
cup for one year. R. L. Murray, '13, is
the present holder of the trophy. Bet
sides the cup for first prize, a Ward

and Wright racket will be presented to
tho runner up.
Tennis devotees will have only one
more chance to show their ability this
semester and that will be in the an
nual Theile handicap tournament
which is to start on Thanksgiving day.
In this tournament only singles are
played and the handicaps are arranged
so that every entry has an equal op
portunity, while it places the poorer
Mayers on an equal footing with th »
best. In the past, this contest has al
vays been the most successful of all
tournaments. Last year eighty were
entered and it is hoped that, an even
greater number will contest this sea*
son. Besides being a handicap match,
it is the only tournament in which
thero is a prize offered. The Theile
Cup, which is a. perpetual challenge
trophy, goes to the winner. This cup
was donated several years ago by
Theile, the tailor, and the victor in
this annual fall tournament holds th<*
cup for one year. R. L. Murray, '13, is
the present holder of the trophy. Bet
sides the cup for first prize, a Ward

and Wright racket will be presented to
tho runner up.
Tennis devotees will have only one
more chance to show their ability this
semester and that will be in the an
nual Theile handicap tournament
which is to start on Thanksgiving day.
In this tournament only singles are
played and the handicaps are arranged
so that every entry has an equal op
portunity, while it places the poorer
Mayers on an equal footing with th »
best. In the past, this contest has al
vays been the most successful of all
tournaments. Last year eighty were
entered and it is hoped that, an even
greater number will contest this sea*
son. Besides being a handicap match,
it is the only tournament in which
thero is a prize offered. The Theile
Cup, which is a. perpetual challenge
trophy, goes to the winner. This cup
was donated several years ago by
Theile, the tailor, and the victor in
this annual fall tournament holds th<*
cup for one year. R. L. Murray, '13, is
the present holder of the trophy. Bet
sides the cup for first prize, a Ward

and Wright racket will be presented to
tho runner up.
Tennis devotees will have only one
more chance to show their ability this
semester and that will be in the an
nual Theile handicap tournament
which is to start on Thanksgiving day.
In this tournament only singles are
played and the handicaps are arranged
so that every entry has an equal op
portunity, while it places the poorer
Mayers on an equal footing with th »
best. In the past, this contest has al
vays been the most successful of all
tournaments. Last year eighty were
entered and it is hoped that, an even
greater number will contest this sea*
son. Besides being a handicap match,
it is the only tournament in which
thero is a prize offered. The Theile
Cup, which is a. perpetual challenge
trophy, goes to the winner. This cup
was donated several years ago by
Theile, the tailor, and the victor in
this annual fall tournament holds th<*
cup for one year. R. L. Murray, '13, is
the present holder of the trophy. Bet
sides the cup for first prize, a Ward

and Wright racket will be presented to
tho runner up.
