# Adv. 6 Page 1
## 
### 
INDIANS
Ichabod means
inglorious, and that
is exactly what our
big selection of
jackets is NOT! It's
loverly as a matter
of fact! No matter
how you like 'em,
we got ’em at R A.
'Cause we know
what you like (we
have a very intricate
and costly spy
system) and can
price them very
sensibly. See ’em!
i
■
■
I
I
I
I
c ssmnm*
INDIANS
Ichabod means
inglorious, and that
is exactly what our
big selection of
jackets is NOT! It's
loverly as a matter
of fact! No matter
how you like 'em,
we got ’em at R A.
'Cause we know
what you like (we
have a very intricate
and costly spy
system) and can
price them very
sensibly. See ’em!
i
■
■
I
I
I
I
c ssmnm*
INDIANS
Ichabod means
inglorious, and that
is exactly what our
big selection of
jackets is NOT! It's
loverly as a matter
of fact! No matter
how you like 'em,
we got ’em at R A.
'Cause we know
what you like (we
have a very intricate
and costly spy
system) and can
price them very
sensibly. See ’em!
i
■
■
I
I
I
I
c ssmnm*
INDIANS
Ichabod means
inglorious, and that
is exactly what our
big selection of
jackets is NOT! It's
loverly as a matter
of fact! No matter
how you like 'em,
we got ’em at R A.
'Cause we know
what you like (we
have a very intricate
and costly spy
system) and can
price them very
sensibly. See ’em!
i
■
■
I
I
I
I
c ssmnm*
INDIANS
Ichabod means
inglorious, and that
is exactly what our
big selection of
jackets is NOT! It's
loverly as a matter
of fact! No matter
how you like 'em,
we got ’em at R A.
'Cause we know
what you like (we
have a very intricate
and costly spy
system) and can
price them very
sensibly. See ’em!
i
■
■
I
I
I
I
c ssmnm*
INDIANS
Ichabod means
inglorious, and that
is exactly what our
big selection of
jackets is NOT! It's
loverly as a matter
of fact! No matter
how you like 'em,
we got ’em at R A.
'Cause we know
what you like (we
have a very intricate
and costly spy
system) and can
price them very
sensibly. See ’em!
i
■
■
I
I
I
I
c ssmnm*
INDIANS
Ichabod means
inglorious, and that
is exactly what our
big selection of
jackets is NOT! It's
loverly as a matter
of fact! No matter
how you like 'em,
we got ’em at R A.
'Cause we know
what you like (we
have a very intricate
and costly spy
system) and can
price them very
sensibly. See ’em!
i
■
■
I
I
I
I
c ssmnm*
INDIANS
Ichabod means
inglorious, and that
is exactly what our
big selection of
jackets is NOT! It's
loverly as a matter
of fact! No matter
how you like 'em,
we got ’em at R A.
'Cause we know
what you like (we
have a very intricate
and costly spy
system) and can
price them very
sensibly. See ’em!
i
■
■
I
I
I
I
c ssmnm*
INDIANS
Ichabod means
inglorious, and that
is exactly what our
big selection of
jackets is NOT! It's
loverly as a matter
of fact! No matter
how you like 'em,
we got ’em at R A.
'Cause we know
what you like (we
have a very intricate
and costly spy
system) and can
price them very
sensibly. See ’em!
i
■
■
I
I
I
I
c ssmnm*
INDIANS
Ichabod means
inglorious, and that
is exactly what our
big selection of
jackets is NOT! It's
loverly as a matter
of fact! No matter
how you like 'em,
we got ’em at R A.
'Cause we know
what you like (we
have a very intricate
and costly spy
system) and can
price them very
sensibly. See ’em!
i
■
■
I
I
I
I
c ssmnm*
INDIANS
Ichabod means
inglorious, and that
is exactly what our
big selection of
jackets is NOT! It's
loverly as a matter
of fact! No matter
how you like 'em,
we got ’em at R A.
'Cause we know
what you like (we
have a very intricate
and costly spy
system) and can
price them very
sensibly. See ’em!
i
■
■
I
I
I
I
c ssmnm*
INDIANS
Ichabod means
inglorious, and that
is exactly what our
big selection of
jackets is NOT! It's
loverly as a matter
of fact! No matter
how you like 'em,
we got ’em at R A.
'Cause we know
what you like (we
have a very intricate
and costly spy
system) and can
price them very
sensibly. See ’em!
i
■
■
I
I
I
I
c ssmnm*
INDIANS
Ichabod means
inglorious, and that
is exactly what our
big selection of
jackets is NOT! It's
loverly as a matter
of fact! No matter
how you like 'em,
we got ’em at R A.
'Cause we know
what you like (we
have a very intricate
and costly spy
system) and can
price them very
sensibly. See ’em!
i
■
■
I
I
I
I
c ssmnm*
INDIANS
Ichabod means
inglorious, and that
is exactly what our
big selection of
jackets is NOT! It's
loverly as a matter
of fact! No matter
how you like 'em,
we got ’em at R A.
'Cause we know
what you like (we
have a very intricate
and costly spy
system) and can
price them very
sensibly. See ’em!
i
■
■
I
I
I
I
c ssmnm*
INDIANS
Ichabod means
inglorious, and that
is exactly what our
big selection of
jackets is NOT! It's
loverly as a matter
of fact! No matter
how you like 'em,
we got ’em at R A.
'Cause we know
what you like (we
have a very intricate
and costly spy
system) and can
price them very
sensibly. See ’em!
i
■
■
I
I
I
I
c ssmnm*
INDIANS
Ichabod means
inglorious, and that
is exactly what our
big selection of
jackets is NOT! It's
loverly as a matter
of fact! No matter
how you like 'em,
we got ’em at R A.
'Cause we know
what you like (we
have a very intricate
and costly spy
system) and can
price them very
sensibly. See ’em!
i
■
■
I
I
I
I
c ssmnm*
