# Thomas Will Discuss Right
## 
### 
Norman Thomas, six-time
candidate for President, will
speak tomorrow at 4:15 in
Cubberley on “The Military
Right.” His talk is sponsored
by the Socialist Caucus of
Poll Union.

Thomas is the great tradi
tion of American Socialism.
He graduated from Princeton,
then entered the Presbyterian
ministry. His congregatoins
were in working-class New
York and the slums of Har
lem.
He ran for New York gov
ernor and mayor, then in 1928
began his perennial Socialist
presidential candidacy.
Thomas is author of several
books on Socialism and anti
militarism.
Norman Thomas, six-time
candidate for President, will
speak tomorrow at 4:15 in
Cubberley on “The Military
Right.” His talk is sponsored
by the Socialist Caucus of
Poll Union.

Thomas is the great tradi
tion of American Socialism.
He graduated from Princeton,
then entered the Presbyterian
ministry. His congregatoins
were in working-class New
York and the slums of Har
lem.
He ran for New York gov
ernor and mayor, then in 1928
began his perennial Socialist
presidential candidacy.
Thomas is author of several
books on Socialism and anti
militarism.
Norman Thomas, six-time
candidate for President, will
speak tomorrow at 4:15 in
Cubberley on “The Military
Right.” His talk is sponsored
by the Socialist Caucus of
Poll Union.

Thomas is the great tradi
tion of American Socialism.
He graduated from Princeton,
then entered the Presbyterian
ministry. His congregatoins
were in working-class New
York and the slums of Har
lem.
He ran for New York gov
ernor and mayor, then in 1928
began his perennial Socialist
presidential candidacy.
Thomas is author of several
books on Socialism and anti
militarism.
Norman Thomas, six-time
candidate for President, will
speak tomorrow at 4:15 in
Cubberley on “The Military
Right.” His talk is sponsored
by the Socialist Caucus of
Poll Union.

Thomas is the great tradi
tion of American Socialism.
He graduated from Princeton,
then entered the Presbyterian
ministry. His congregatoins
were in working-class New
York and the slums of Har
lem.
He ran for New York gov
ernor and mayor, then in 1928
began his perennial Socialist
presidential candidacy.
Thomas is author of several
books on Socialism and anti
militarism.
Norman Thomas, six-time
candidate for President, will
speak tomorrow at 4:15 in
Cubberley on “The Military
Right.” His talk is sponsored
by the Socialist Caucus of
Poll Union.

Thomas is the great tradi
tion of American Socialism.
He graduated from Princeton,
then entered the Presbyterian
ministry. His congregatoins
were in working-class New
York and the slums of Har
lem.
He ran for New York gov
ernor and mayor, then in 1928
began his perennial Socialist
presidential candidacy.
Thomas is author of several
books on Socialism and anti
militarism.
Norman Thomas, six-time
candidate for President, will
speak tomorrow at 4:15 in
Cubberley on “The Military
Right.” His talk is sponsored
by the Socialist Caucus of
Poll Union.

Thomas is the great tradi
tion of American Socialism.
He graduated from Princeton,
then entered the Presbyterian
ministry. His congregatoins
were in working-class New
York and the slums of Har
lem.
He ran for New York gov
ernor and mayor, then in 1928
began his perennial Socialist
presidential candidacy.
Thomas is author of several
books on Socialism and anti
militarism.
Norman Thomas, six-time
candidate for President, will
speak tomorrow at 4:15 in
Cubberley on “The Military
Right.” His talk is sponsored
by the Socialist Caucus of
Poll Union.

Thomas is the great tradi
tion of American Socialism.
He graduated from Princeton,
then entered the Presbyterian
ministry. His congregatoins
were in working-class New
York and the slums of Har
lem.
He ran for New York gov
ernor and mayor, then in 1928
began his perennial Socialist
presidential candidacy.
Thomas is author of several
books on Socialism and anti
militarism.
Norman Thomas, six-time
candidate for President, will
speak tomorrow at 4:15 in
Cubberley on “The Military
Right.” His talk is sponsored
by the Socialist Caucus of
Poll Union.

Thomas is the great tradi
tion of American Socialism.
He graduated from Princeton,
then entered the Presbyterian
ministry. His congregatoins
were in working-class New
York and the slums of Har
lem.
He ran for New York gov
ernor and mayor, then in 1928
began his perennial Socialist
presidential candidacy.
Thomas is author of several
books on Socialism and anti
militarism.
Norman Thomas, six-time
candidate for President, will
speak tomorrow at 4:15 in
Cubberley on “The Military
Right.” His talk is sponsored
by the Socialist Caucus of
Poll Union.

Thomas is the great tradi
tion of American Socialism.
He graduated from Princeton,
then entered the Presbyterian
ministry. His congregatoins
were in working-class New
York and the slums of Har
lem.
He ran for New York gov
ernor and mayor, then in 1928
began his perennial Socialist
presidential candidacy.
Thomas is author of several
books on Socialism and anti
militarism.
Norman Thomas, six-time
candidate for President, will
speak tomorrow at 4:15 in
Cubberley on “The Military
Right.” His talk is sponsored
by the Socialist Caucus of
Poll Union.

Thomas is the great tradi
tion of American Socialism.
He graduated from Princeton,
then entered the Presbyterian
ministry. His congregatoins
were in working-class New
York and the slums of Har
lem.
He ran for New York gov
ernor and mayor, then in 1928
began his perennial Socialist
presidential candidacy.
Thomas is author of several
books on Socialism and anti
militarism.
Norman Thomas, six-time
candidate for President, will
speak tomorrow at 4:15 in
Cubberley on “The Military
Right.” His talk is sponsored
by the Socialist Caucus of
Poll Union.

Thomas is the great tradi
tion of American Socialism.
He graduated from Princeton,
then entered the Presbyterian
ministry. His congregatoins
were in working-class New
York and the slums of Har
lem.
He ran for New York gov
ernor and mayor, then in 1928
began his perennial Socialist
presidential candidacy.
Thomas is author of several
books on Socialism and anti
militarism.
Norman Thomas, six-time
candidate for President, will
speak tomorrow at 4:15 in
Cubberley on “The Military
Right.” His talk is sponsored
by the Socialist Caucus of
Poll Union.

Thomas is the great tradi
tion of American Socialism.
He graduated from Princeton,
then entered the Presbyterian
ministry. His congregatoins
were in working-class New
York and the slums of Har
lem.
He ran for New York gov
ernor and mayor, then in 1928
began his perennial Socialist
presidential candidacy.
Thomas is author of several
books on Socialism and anti
militarism.
Norman Thomas, six-time
candidate for President, will
speak tomorrow at 4:15 in
Cubberley on “The Military
Right.” His talk is sponsored
by the Socialist Caucus of
Poll Union.

Thomas is the great tradi
tion of American Socialism.
He graduated from Princeton,
then entered the Presbyterian
ministry. His congregatoins
were in working-class New
York and the slums of Har
lem.
He ran for New York gov
ernor and mayor, then in 1928
began his perennial Socialist
presidential candidacy.
Thomas is author of several
books on Socialism and anti
militarism.
Norman Thomas, six-time
candidate for President, will
speak tomorrow at 4:15 in
Cubberley on “The Military
Right.” His talk is sponsored
by the Socialist Caucus of
Poll Union.

Thomas is the great tradi
tion of American Socialism.
He graduated from Princeton,
then entered the Presbyterian
ministry. His congregatoins
were in working-class New
York and the slums of Har
lem.
He ran for New York gov
ernor and mayor, then in 1928
began his perennial Socialist
presidential candidacy.
Thomas is author of several
books on Socialism and anti
militarism.
Norman Thomas, six-time
candidate for President, will
speak tomorrow at 4:15 in
Cubberley on “The Military
Right.” His talk is sponsored
by the Socialist Caucus of
Poll Union.

Thomas is the great tradi
tion of American Socialism.
He graduated from Princeton,
then entered the Presbyterian
ministry. His congregatoins
were in working-class New
York and the slums of Har
lem.
He ran for New York gov
ernor and mayor, then in 1928
began his perennial Socialist
presidential candidacy.
Thomas is author of several
books on Socialism and anti
militarism.
Norman Thomas, six-time
candidate for President, will
speak tomorrow at 4:15 in
Cubberley on “The Military
Right.” His talk is sponsored
by the Socialist Caucus of
Poll Union.

Thomas is the great tradi
tion of American Socialism.
He graduated from Princeton,
then entered the Presbyterian
ministry. His congregatoins
were in working-class New
York and the slums of Har
lem.
He ran for New York gov
ernor and mayor, then in 1928
began his perennial Socialist
presidential candidacy.
Thomas is author of several
books on Socialism and anti
militarism.
