# Juniors Plan to Hold Jolly-Up.
## 
### 
Vice-president A. G. Bower, of the
Junior Class, has appointed a com
mittee of six to consider the advisabil
ity of holding a mixed jolly-up this
semester similar to the successful one
held last May. The committee is com
posed as follows: Miss D. M. Alder
ton, Miss G. Childs, C. C. Whitney, G.
D. Keyston, R. E. Millsap, and S. C.
Kennedy, chairman. If found practi
cable the affair will he held in the
near future.
Vice-president A. G. Bower, of the
Junior Class, has appointed a com
mittee of six to consider the advisabil
ity of holding a mixed jolly-up this
semester similar to the successful one
held last May. The committee is com
posed as follows: Miss D. M. Alder
ton, Miss G. Childs, C. C. Whitney, G.
D. Keyston, R. E. Millsap, and S. C.
Kennedy, chairman. If found practi
cable the affair will he held in the
near future.
Vice-president A. G. Bower, of the
Junior Class, has appointed a com
mittee of six to consider the advisabil
ity of holding a mixed jolly-up this
semester similar to the successful one
held last May. The committee is com
posed as follows: Miss D. M. Alder
ton, Miss G. Childs, C. C. Whitney, G.
D. Keyston, R. E. Millsap, and S. C.
Kennedy, chairman. If found practi
cable the affair will he held in the
near future.
Vice-president A. G. Bower, of the
Junior Class, has appointed a com
mittee of six to consider the advisabil
ity of holding a mixed jolly-up this
semester similar to the successful one
held last May. The committee is com
posed as follows: Miss D. M. Alder
ton, Miss G. Childs, C. C. Whitney, G.
D. Keyston, R. E. Millsap, and S. C.
Kennedy, chairman. If found practi
cable the affair will he held in the
near future.
Vice-president A. G. Bower, of the
Junior Class, has appointed a com
mittee of six to consider the advisabil
ity of holding a mixed jolly-up this
semester similar to the successful one
held last May. The committee is com
posed as follows: Miss D. M. Alder
ton, Miss G. Childs, C. C. Whitney, G.
D. Keyston, R. E. Millsap, and S. C.
Kennedy, chairman. If found practi
cable the affair will he held in the
near future.
Vice-president A. G. Bower, of the
Junior Class, has appointed a com
mittee of six to consider the advisabil
ity of holding a mixed jolly-up this
semester similar to the successful one
held last May. The committee is com
posed as follows: Miss D. M. Alder
ton, Miss G. Childs, C. C. Whitney, G.
D. Keyston, R. E. Millsap, and S. C.
Kennedy, chairman. If found practi
cable the affair will he held in the
near future.
Vice-president A. G. Bower, of the
Junior Class, has appointed a com
mittee of six to consider the advisabil
ity of holding a mixed jolly-up this
semester similar to the successful one
held last May. The committee is com
posed as follows: Miss D. M. Alder
ton, Miss G. Childs, C. C. Whitney, G.
D. Keyston, R. E. Millsap, and S. C.
Kennedy, chairman. If found practi
cable the affair will he held in the
near future.
Vice-president A. G. Bower, of the
Junior Class, has appointed a com
mittee of six to consider the advisabil
ity of holding a mixed jolly-up this
semester similar to the successful one
held last May. The committee is com
posed as follows: Miss D. M. Alder
ton, Miss G. Childs, C. C. Whitney, G.
D. Keyston, R. E. Millsap, and S. C.
Kennedy, chairman. If found practi
cable the affair will he held in the
near future.
Vice-president A. G. Bower, of the
Junior Class, has appointed a com
mittee of six to consider the advisabil
ity of holding a mixed jolly-up this
semester similar to the successful one
held last May. The committee is com
posed as follows: Miss D. M. Alder
ton, Miss G. Childs, C. C. Whitney, G.
D. Keyston, R. E. Millsap, and S. C.
Kennedy, chairman. If found practi
cable the affair will he held in the
near future.
Vice-president A. G. Bower, of the
Junior Class, has appointed a com
mittee of six to consider the advisabil
ity of holding a mixed jolly-up this
semester similar to the successful one
held last May. The committee is com
posed as follows: Miss D. M. Alder
ton, Miss G. Childs, C. C. Whitney, G.
D. Keyston, R. E. Millsap, and S. C.
Kennedy, chairman. If found practi
cable the affair will he held in the
near future.
Vice-president A. G. Bower, of the
Junior Class, has appointed a com
mittee of six to consider the advisabil
ity of holding a mixed jolly-up this
semester similar to the successful one
held last May. The committee is com
posed as follows: Miss D. M. Alder
ton, Miss G. Childs, C. C. Whitney, G.
D. Keyston, R. E. Millsap, and S. C.
Kennedy, chairman. If found practi
cable the affair will he held in the
near future.
