# Dr. Murray Delivers Lecture.
## 
### 
Dr. A. T. Murray, professor in
the Greek department, delivered a
lecture to-day on "Tennyson" be
fore the Shasta County Teachers'
Institute now in session at Red
ding.
Dr. A. T. Murray, professor in
the Greek department, delivered a
lecture to-day on "Tennyson" be
fore the Shasta County Teachers'
Institute now in session at Red
ding.
Dr. A. T. Murray, professor in
the Greek department, delivered a
lecture to-day on "Tennyson" be
fore the Shasta County Teachers'
Institute now in session at Red
ding.
Dr. A. T. Murray, professor in
the Greek department, delivered a
lecture to-day on "Tennyson" be
fore the Shasta County Teachers'
Institute now in session at Red
ding.
Dr. A. T. Murray, professor in
the Greek department, delivered a
lecture to-day on "Tennyson" be
fore the Shasta County Teachers'
Institute now in session at Red
ding.
Dr. A. T. Murray, professor in
the Greek department, delivered a
lecture to-day on "Tennyson" be
fore the Shasta County Teachers'
Institute now in session at Red
ding.
Dr. A. T. Murray, professor in
the Greek department, delivered a
lecture to-day on "Tennyson" be
fore the Shasta County Teachers'
Institute now in session at Red
ding.
Dr. A. T. Murray, professor in
the Greek department, delivered a
lecture to-day on "Tennyson" be
fore the Shasta County Teachers'
Institute now in session at Red
ding.
