# Visit by Y.M.C.A. Secretary.
## 
### 
Mr. H. 0. Hill, general secretary
of the Young Men's Christian As
sociation at Northwestern Univer
sity, is visiting on the Coast and
plans to spend Saturday and Hun
day at Stanford. The members of
the local organization will enter
tain him. Saturday evening at 7
all the members are requested to
meet at the west corner of Encina
Hall for the purpose of a tour of
inspection.
Mr. H. 0. Hill, general secretary
of the Young Men's Christian As
sociation at Northwestern Univer
sity, is visiting on the Coast and
plans to spend Saturday and Hun
day at Stanford. The members of
the local organization will enter
tain him. Saturday evening at 7
all the members are requested to
meet at the west corner of Encina
Hall for the purpose of a tour of
inspection.
Mr. H. 0. Hill, general secretary
of the Young Men's Christian As
sociation at Northwestern Univer
sity, is visiting on the Coast and
plans to spend Saturday and Hun
day at Stanford. The members of
the local organization will enter
tain him. Saturday evening at 7
all the members are requested to
meet at the west corner of Encina
Hall for the purpose of a tour of
inspection.
Mr. H. 0. Hill, general secretary
of the Young Men's Christian As
sociation at Northwestern Univer
sity, is visiting on the Coast and
plans to spend Saturday and Hun
day at Stanford. The members of
the local organization will enter
tain him. Saturday evening at 7
all the members are requested to
meet at the west corner of Encina
Hall for the purpose of a tour of
inspection.
Mr. H. 0. Hill, general secretary
of the Young Men's Christian As
sociation at Northwestern Univer
sity, is visiting on the Coast and
plans to spend Saturday and Hun
day at Stanford. The members of
the local organization will enter
tain him. Saturday evening at 7
all the members are requested to
meet at the west corner of Encina
Hall for the purpose of a tour of
inspection.
Mr. H. 0. Hill, general secretary
of the Young Men's Christian As
sociation at Northwestern Univer
sity, is visiting on the Coast and
plans to spend Saturday and Hun
day at Stanford. The members of
the local organization will enter
tain him. Saturday evening at 7
all the members are requested to
meet at the west corner of Encina
Hall for the purpose of a tour of
inspection.
Mr. H. 0. Hill, general secretary
of the Young Men's Christian As
sociation at Northwestern Univer
sity, is visiting on the Coast and
plans to spend Saturday and Hun
day at Stanford. The members of
the local organization will enter
tain him. Saturday evening at 7
all the members are requested to
meet at the west corner of Encina
Hall for the purpose of a tour of
inspection.
Mr. H. 0. Hill, general secretary
of the Young Men's Christian As
sociation at Northwestern Univer
sity, is visiting on the Coast and
plans to spend Saturday and Hun
day at Stanford. The members of
the local organization will enter
tain him. Saturday evening at 7
all the members are requested to
meet at the west corner of Encina
Hall for the purpose of a tour of
inspection.
