# Adv. 36 Page 9
## 
### 
Staffers: Need an internship
or maybe just a good time?
Then don't miss:
Thursday, 12:15 p.m. Lisbeth
Lipari, intern coordinator for
the Com Department comes to
talk about applications.
Friday, 5 p.m. Very spooky
Halloween Happy Hour at The
Daily office. Don't miss the
time of your life!
Staffers: Need an internship
or maybe just a good time?
Then don't miss:
Thursday, 12:15 p.m. Lisbeth
Lipari, intern coordinator for
the Com Department comes to
talk about applications.
Friday, 5 p.m. Very spooky
Halloween Happy Hour at The
Daily office. Don't miss the
time of your life!
Staffers: Need an internship
or maybe just a good time?
Then don't miss:
Thursday, 12:15 p.m. Lisbeth
Lipari, intern coordinator for
the Com Department comes to
talk about applications.
Friday, 5 p.m. Very spooky
Halloween Happy Hour at The
Daily office. Don't miss the
time of your life!
Staffers: Need an internship
or maybe just a good time?
Then don't miss:
Thursday, 12:15 p.m. Lisbeth
Lipari, intern coordinator for
the Com Department comes to
talk about applications.
Friday, 5 p.m. Very spooky
Halloween Happy Hour at The
Daily office. Don't miss the
time of your life!
Staffers: Need an internship
or maybe just a good time?
Then don't miss:
Thursday, 12:15 p.m. Lisbeth
Lipari, intern coordinator for
the Com Department comes to
talk about applications.
Friday, 5 p.m. Very spooky
Halloween Happy Hour at The
Daily office. Don't miss the
time of your life!
Staffers: Need an internship
or maybe just a good time?
Then don't miss:
Thursday, 12:15 p.m. Lisbeth
Lipari, intern coordinator for
the Com Department comes to
talk about applications.
Friday, 5 p.m. Very spooky
Halloween Happy Hour at The
Daily office. Don't miss the
time of your life!
Staffers: Need an internship
or maybe just a good time?
Then don't miss:
Thursday, 12:15 p.m. Lisbeth
Lipari, intern coordinator for
the Com Department comes to
talk about applications.
Friday, 5 p.m. Very spooky
Halloween Happy Hour at The
Daily office. Don't miss the
time of your life!
