# A 						Phi O's Pick New Leader
## 
### 
The Stanford chapter of Alpha
Phi Omega, national service frater
nity, elected Walt Menninger to
succeed Bill Gullikson as president
in the semi-annual election meeting
held last week.
Also chosen to direct chapter ac
tivities for the next two quarters
were Bill Schaefer, vice-president
in charge of pledges; Bill Sanson,
vice-president in charge of projects;
Lucien Faust, secretary; Tony Mo
ney, treasurer; Gene Fortinc, his
torian; John Planting, alumni sec
retary; and Gullikson, sergeant-at
arms.
Gullikson and Menninger were
selected by the local group to be
the two representatives at the Na
tional A Phi O convention at Des
Monies, lowa, Dec. 28 through' 30.
The installation banquet for the
new officers will be held Dec. 3.
