# Positions Available On Standard Com
## 
### 
Persons who wish tn he inter
viewed next week for ihr four
placps open nn tiip Fundamental
Standard Committee must • ir;n up
in the ASSTJ office, chairman Pris
cilla Allen said today.
Interviews will he held Nov. 23
and 29 from 4 to !• pm. in the
Excom room. Persons who cannot
make appointments for these hours
or who wish further information
can call Miss Allen at Union.
Persons who wish tn he inter
viewed next week for ihr four
placps open nn tiip Fundamental
Standard Committee must • ir;n up
in the ASSTJ office, chairman Pris
cilla Allen said today.
Interviews will he held Nov. 23
and 29 from 4 to !• pm. in the
Excom room. Persons who cannot
make appointments for these hours
or who wish further information
can call Miss Allen at Union.
Persons who wish tn he inter
viewed next week for ihr four
placps open nn tiip Fundamental
Standard Committee must • ir;n up
in the ASSTJ office, chairman Pris
cilla Allen said today.
Interviews will he held Nov. 23
and 29 from 4 to !• pm. in the
Excom room. Persons who cannot
make appointments for these hours
or who wish further information
can call Miss Allen at Union.
Persons who wish tn he inter
viewed next week for ihr four
placps open nn tiip Fundamental
Standard Committee must • ir;n up
in the ASSTJ office, chairman Pris
cilla Allen said today.
Interviews will he held Nov. 23
and 29 from 4 to !• pm. in the
Excom room. Persons who cannot
make appointments for these hours
or who wish further information
can call Miss Allen at Union.
Persons who wish tn he inter
viewed next week for ihr four
placps open nn tiip Fundamental
Standard Committee must • ir;n up
in the ASSTJ office, chairman Pris
cilla Allen said today.
Interviews will he held Nov. 23
and 29 from 4 to !• pm. in the
Excom room. Persons who cannot
make appointments for these hours
or who wish further information
can call Miss Allen at Union.
Persons who wish tn he inter
viewed next week for ihr four
placps open nn tiip Fundamental
Standard Committee must • ir;n up
in the ASSTJ office, chairman Pris
cilla Allen said today.
Interviews will he held Nov. 23
and 29 from 4 to !• pm. in the
Excom room. Persons who cannot
make appointments for these hours
or who wish further information
can call Miss Allen at Union.
Persons who wish tn he inter
viewed next week for ihr four
placps open nn tiip Fundamental
Standard Committee must • ir;n up
in the ASSTJ office, chairman Pris
cilla Allen said today.
Interviews will he held Nov. 23
and 29 from 4 to !• pm. in the
Excom room. Persons who cannot
make appointments for these hours
or who wish further information
can call Miss Allen at Union.
Persons who wish tn he inter
viewed next week for ihr four
placps open nn tiip Fundamental
Standard Committee must • ir;n up
in the ASSTJ office, chairman Pris
cilla Allen said today.
Interviews will he held Nov. 23
and 29 from 4 to !• pm. in the
Excom room. Persons who cannot
make appointments for these hours
or who wish further information
can call Miss Allen at Union.
Persons who wish tn he inter
viewed next week for ihr four
placps open nn tiip Fundamental
Standard Committee must • ir;n up
in the ASSTJ office, chairman Pris
cilla Allen said today.
Interviews will he held Nov. 23
and 29 from 4 to !• pm. in the
Excom room. Persons who cannot
make appointments for these hours
or who wish further information
can call Miss Allen at Union.
Persons who wish tn he inter
viewed next week for ihr four
placps open nn tiip Fundamental
Standard Committee must • ir;n up
in the ASSTJ office, chairman Pris
cilla Allen said today.
Interviews will he held Nov. 23
and 29 from 4 to !• pm. in the
Excom room. Persons who cannot
make appointments for these hours
or who wish further information
can call Miss Allen at Union.
Persons who wish tn he inter
viewed next week for ihr four
placps open nn tiip Fundamental
Standard Committee must • ir;n up
in the ASSTJ office, chairman Pris
cilla Allen said today.
Interviews will he held Nov. 23
and 29 from 4 to !• pm. in the
Excom room. Persons who cannot
make appointments for these hours
or who wish further information
can call Miss Allen at Union.
Persons who wish tn he inter
viewed next week for ihr four
placps open nn tiip Fundamental
Standard Committee must • ir;n up
in the ASSTJ office, chairman Pris
cilla Allen said today.
Interviews will he held Nov. 23
and 29 from 4 to !• pm. in the
Excom room. Persons who cannot
make appointments for these hours
or who wish further information
can call Miss Allen at Union.
Persons who wish tn he inter
viewed next week for ihr four
placps open nn tiip Fundamental
Standard Committee must • ir;n up
in the ASSTJ office, chairman Pris
cilla Allen said today.
Interviews will he held Nov. 23
and 29 from 4 to !• pm. in the
Excom room. Persons who cannot
make appointments for these hours
or who wish further information
can call Miss Allen at Union.
Persons who wish tn he inter
viewed next week for ihr four
placps open nn tiip Fundamental
Standard Committee must • ir;n up
in the ASSTJ office, chairman Pris
cilla Allen said today.
Interviews will he held Nov. 23
and 29 from 4 to !• pm. in the
Excom room. Persons who cannot
make appointments for these hours
or who wish further information
can call Miss Allen at Union.
