# MEN'S GLEE CLUB
## 
### 
Men's Glee Club will meet today
at 4:15 p.m. in the Village Audi
torium. Cars will leave from in
front of Encina at 4:15 for those
wishing rides. All members please
attend.
Men's Glee Club will meet today
at 4:15 p.m. in the Village Audi
torium. Cars will leave from in
front of Encina at 4:15 for those
wishing rides. All members please
attend.
Men's Glee Club will meet today
at 4:15 p.m. in the Village Audi
torium. Cars will leave from in
front of Encina at 4:15 for those
wishing rides. All members please
attend.
Men's Glee Club will meet today
at 4:15 p.m. in the Village Audi
torium. Cars will leave from in
front of Encina at 4:15 for those
wishing rides. All members please
attend.
Men's Glee Club will meet today
at 4:15 p.m. in the Village Audi
torium. Cars will leave from in
front of Encina at 4:15 for those
wishing rides. All members please
attend.
Men's Glee Club will meet today
at 4:15 p.m. in the Village Audi
torium. Cars will leave from in
front of Encina at 4:15 for those
wishing rides. All members please
attend.
Men's Glee Club will meet today
at 4:15 p.m. in the Village Audi
torium. Cars will leave from in
front of Encina at 4:15 for those
wishing rides. All members please
attend.
Men's Glee Club will meet today
at 4:15 p.m. in the Village Audi
torium. Cars will leave from in
front of Encina at 4:15 for those
wishing rides. All members please
attend.
Men's Glee Club will meet today
at 4:15 p.m. in the Village Audi
torium. Cars will leave from in
front of Encina at 4:15 for those
wishing rides. All members please
attend.
Men's Glee Club will meet today
at 4:15 p.m. in the Village Audi
torium. Cars will leave from in
front of Encina at 4:15 for those
wishing rides. All members please
attend.
Men's Glee Club will meet today
at 4:15 p.m. in the Village Audi
torium. Cars will leave from in
front of Encina at 4:15 for those
wishing rides. All members please
attend.
Men's Glee Club will meet today
at 4:15 p.m. in the Village Audi
torium. Cars will leave from in
front of Encina at 4:15 for those
wishing rides. All members please
attend.
Men's Glee Club will meet today
at 4:15 p.m. in the Village Audi
torium. Cars will leave from in
front of Encina at 4:15 for those
wishing rides. All members please
attend.
Men's Glee Club will meet today
at 4:15 p.m. in the Village Audi
torium. Cars will leave from in
front of Encina at 4:15 for those
wishing rides. All members please
attend.
