# FOREIGN STUDENTS
## 
### 
Those interested in having
Thanksgiving dinner in an Ameri
can home should leavf- their name
with Willard B. Waterous, Room
B-22, temporary buildings, today.
Those interested in having
Thanksgiving dinner in an Ameri
can home should leavf- their name
with Willard B. Waterous, Room
B-22, temporary buildings, today.
Those interested in having
Thanksgiving dinner in an Ameri
can home should leavf- their name
with Willard B. Waterous, Room
B-22, temporary buildings, today.
Those interested in having
Thanksgiving dinner in an Ameri
can home should leavf- their name
with Willard B. Waterous, Room
B-22, temporary buildings, today.
Those interested in having
Thanksgiving dinner in an Ameri
can home should leavf- their name
with Willard B. Waterous, Room
B-22, temporary buildings, today.
Those interested in having
Thanksgiving dinner in an Ameri
can home should leavf- their name
with Willard B. Waterous, Room
B-22, temporary buildings, today.
Those interested in having
Thanksgiving dinner in an Ameri
can home should leavf- their name
with Willard B. Waterous, Room
B-22, temporary buildings, today.
Those interested in having
Thanksgiving dinner in an Ameri
can home should leavf- their name
with Willard B. Waterous, Room
B-22, temporary buildings, today.
Those interested in having
Thanksgiving dinner in an Ameri
can home should leavf- their name
with Willard B. Waterous, Room
B-22, temporary buildings, today.
Those interested in having
Thanksgiving dinner in an Ameri
can home should leavf- their name
with Willard B. Waterous, Room
B-22, temporary buildings, today.
Those interested in having
Thanksgiving dinner in an Ameri
can home should leavf- their name
with Willard B. Waterous, Room
B-22, temporary buildings, today.
Those interested in having
Thanksgiving dinner in an Ameri
can home should leavf- their name
with Willard B. Waterous, Room
B-22, temporary buildings, today.
Those interested in having
Thanksgiving dinner in an Ameri
can home should leavf- their name
with Willard B. Waterous, Room
B-22, temporary buildings, today.
Those interested in having
Thanksgiving dinner in an Ameri
can home should leavf- their name
with Willard B. Waterous, Room
B-22, temporary buildings, today.
