# '38 SURPRISE STAR
## 
### 
Among the stars of the '38 Gaieties
was Tiina, a sad-eyed Saint Bernard.
Among the stars of the '38 Gaieties
was Tiina, a sad-eyed Saint Bernard.
Among the stars of the '38 Gaieties
was Tiina, a sad-eyed Saint Bernard.
Among the stars of the '38 Gaieties
was Tiina, a sad-eyed Saint Bernard.
Among the stars of the '38 Gaieties
was Tiina, a sad-eyed Saint Bernard.
Among the stars of the '38 Gaieties
was Tiina, a sad-eyed Saint Bernard.
Among the stars of the '38 Gaieties
was Tiina, a sad-eyed Saint Bernard.
Among the stars of the '38 Gaieties
was Tiina, a sad-eyed Saint Bernard.
Among the stars of the '38 Gaieties
was Tiina, a sad-eyed Saint Bernard.
Among the stars of the '38 Gaieties
was Tiina, a sad-eyed Saint Bernard.
Among the stars of the '38 Gaieties
was Tiina, a sad-eyed Saint Bernard.
Among the stars of the '38 Gaieties
was Tiina, a sad-eyed Saint Bernard.
Among the stars of the '38 Gaieties
was Tiina, a sad-eyed Saint Bernard.
Among the stars of the '38 Gaieties
was Tiina, a sad-eyed Saint Bernard.
