# Quillen Leaves For Midwest Meeting
## 
### 
Dr. I. James Quiilen, Stanford
professor of education, left Sunday
for Minneapolis, where he will take
part in a meeting of the National
Council for Social Studies Thursday
through Saturday.
Dr. Quillen, who was national
president of the organization in
1945, will report on the Stanford
American Ideals project which just
produced a book, "Your Rugged
Constitution."
Dr. Quillen will also present, a
paper, "European Experiences in
Education for Citizenship."
Dr. I. James Quiilen, Stanford
professor of education, left Sunday
for Minneapolis, where he will take
part in a meeting of the National
Council for Social Studies Thursday
through Saturday.
Dr. Quillen, who was national
president of the organization in
1945, will report on the Stanford
American Ideals project which just
produced a book, "Your Rugged
Constitution."
Dr. Quillen will also present, a
paper, "European Experiences in
Education for Citizenship."
Dr. I. James Quiilen, Stanford
professor of education, left Sunday
for Minneapolis, where he will take
part in a meeting of the National
Council for Social Studies Thursday
through Saturday.
Dr. Quillen, who was national
president of the organization in
1945, will report on the Stanford
American Ideals project which just
produced a book, "Your Rugged
Constitution."
Dr. Quillen will also present, a
paper, "European Experiences in
Education for Citizenship."
Dr. I. James Quiilen, Stanford
professor of education, left Sunday
for Minneapolis, where he will take
part in a meeting of the National
Council for Social Studies Thursday
through Saturday.
Dr. Quillen, who was national
president of the organization in
1945, will report on the Stanford
American Ideals project which just
produced a book, "Your Rugged
Constitution."
Dr. Quillen will also present, a
paper, "European Experiences in
Education for Citizenship."
Dr. I. James Quiilen, Stanford
professor of education, left Sunday
for Minneapolis, where he will take
part in a meeting of the National
Council for Social Studies Thursday
through Saturday.
Dr. Quillen, who was national
president of the organization in
1945, will report on the Stanford
American Ideals project which just
produced a book, "Your Rugged
Constitution."
Dr. Quillen will also present, a
paper, "European Experiences in
Education for Citizenship."
Dr. I. James Quiilen, Stanford
professor of education, left Sunday
for Minneapolis, where he will take
part in a meeting of the National
Council for Social Studies Thursday
through Saturday.
Dr. Quillen, who was national
president of the organization in
1945, will report on the Stanford
American Ideals project which just
produced a book, "Your Rugged
Constitution."
Dr. Quillen will also present, a
paper, "European Experiences in
Education for Citizenship."
Dr. I. James Quiilen, Stanford
professor of education, left Sunday
for Minneapolis, where he will take
part in a meeting of the National
Council for Social Studies Thursday
through Saturday.
Dr. Quillen, who was national
president of the organization in
1945, will report on the Stanford
American Ideals project which just
produced a book, "Your Rugged
Constitution."
Dr. Quillen will also present, a
paper, "European Experiences in
Education for Citizenship."
Dr. I. James Quiilen, Stanford
professor of education, left Sunday
for Minneapolis, where he will take
part in a meeting of the National
Council for Social Studies Thursday
through Saturday.
Dr. Quillen, who was national
president of the organization in
1945, will report on the Stanford
American Ideals project which just
produced a book, "Your Rugged
Constitution."
Dr. Quillen will also present, a
paper, "European Experiences in
Education for Citizenship."
Dr. I. James Quiilen, Stanford
professor of education, left Sunday
for Minneapolis, where he will take
part in a meeting of the National
Council for Social Studies Thursday
through Saturday.
Dr. Quillen, who was national
president of the organization in
1945, will report on the Stanford
American Ideals project which just
produced a book, "Your Rugged
Constitution."
Dr. Quillen will also present, a
paper, "European Experiences in
Education for Citizenship."
Dr. I. James Quiilen, Stanford
professor of education, left Sunday
for Minneapolis, where he will take
part in a meeting of the National
Council for Social Studies Thursday
through Saturday.
Dr. Quillen, who was national
president of the organization in
1945, will report on the Stanford
American Ideals project which just
produced a book, "Your Rugged
Constitution."
Dr. Quillen will also present, a
paper, "European Experiences in
Education for Citizenship."
Dr. I. James Quiilen, Stanford
professor of education, left Sunday
for Minneapolis, where he will take
part in a meeting of the National
Council for Social Studies Thursday
through Saturday.
Dr. Quillen, who was national
president of the organization in
1945, will report on the Stanford
American Ideals project which just
produced a book, "Your Rugged
Constitution."
Dr. Quillen will also present, a
paper, "European Experiences in
Education for Citizenship."
Dr. I. James Quiilen, Stanford
professor of education, left Sunday
for Minneapolis, where he will take
part in a meeting of the National
Council for Social Studies Thursday
through Saturday.
Dr. Quillen, who was national
president of the organization in
1945, will report on the Stanford
American Ideals project which just
produced a book, "Your Rugged
Constitution."
Dr. Quillen will also present, a
paper, "European Experiences in
Education for Citizenship."
Dr. I. James Quiilen, Stanford
professor of education, left Sunday
for Minneapolis, where he will take
part in a meeting of the National
Council for Social Studies Thursday
through Saturday.
Dr. Quillen, who was national
president of the organization in
1945, will report on the Stanford
American Ideals project which just
produced a book, "Your Rugged
Constitution."
Dr. Quillen will also present, a
paper, "European Experiences in
Education for Citizenship."
Dr. I. James Quiilen, Stanford
professor of education, left Sunday
for Minneapolis, where he will take
part in a meeting of the National
Council for Social Studies Thursday
through Saturday.
Dr. Quillen, who was national
president of the organization in
1945, will report on the Stanford
American Ideals project which just
produced a book, "Your Rugged
Constitution."
Dr. Quillen will also present, a
paper, "European Experiences in
Education for Citizenship."
