# Fund will help finance education programs
## 
### MONIQUE SCHEER Senior staff writer 
The Committee on Investment Re
sponsibility (CIR) voted unanimously
last week to recommend to the Board of
Trustees the creation of fund to which
the University would contribute an
amount equal to its revenue from South
African investments.
If approved, the Stanford South Africa
Fund fund will be used to finance educa
tional programs related to South Africa,

such as internships there for Stanford
students or scholarships for South
African blacks.
In addition to the University contribu
tion. all members of the Stanford com
munity will be invited to contribute, in
cluding alumni and employees, who will
have an option for payroll deductions.
The fund is being established in
response to "a deep frustration about
Stanford's inability to do more about the
