# Adv. 5 Page 1
## 
### 
■
i
■
■
R
■
■
■
■
* INDIANS
(to be read as
Peter Lorre would
read) . . . Water,
water, this burning
desert is getting
to me, I can’t
walk another step . . .
ah ha, we’ve the
answer, Clark
Desert Boots, not
only are they best
for walking on
deserts and lonely
islands, but they’re
the greatest for
campus . , . 12.95.
i
■
■
■
I
I
■
ROOS/ATKINS
■
i
■
■
R
■
■
■
■
* INDIANS
(to be read as
Peter Lorre would
read) . . . Water,
water, this burning
desert is getting
to me, I can’t
walk another step . . .
ah ha, we’ve the
answer, Clark
Desert Boots, not
only are they best
for walking on
deserts and lonely
islands, but they’re
the greatest for
campus . , . 12.95.
i
■
■
■
I
I
■
ROOS/ATKINS
■
i
■
■
R
■
■
■
■
* INDIANS
(to be read as
Peter Lorre would
read) . . . Water,
water, this burning
desert is getting
to me, I can’t
walk another step . . .
ah ha, we’ve the
answer, Clark
Desert Boots, not
only are they best
for walking on
deserts and lonely
islands, but they’re
the greatest for
campus . , . 12.95.
i
■
■
■
I
I
■
ROOS/ATKINS
■
i
■
■
R
■
■
■
■
* INDIANS
(to be read as
Peter Lorre would
read) . . . Water,
water, this burning
desert is getting
to me, I can’t
walk another step . . .
ah ha, we’ve the
answer, Clark
Desert Boots, not
only are they best
for walking on
deserts and lonely
islands, but they’re
the greatest for
campus . , . 12.95.
i
■
■
■
I
I
■
ROOS/ATKINS
■
i
■
■
R
■
■
■
■
* INDIANS
(to be read as
Peter Lorre would
read) . . . Water,
water, this burning
desert is getting
to me, I can’t
walk another step . . .
ah ha, we’ve the
answer, Clark
Desert Boots, not
only are they best
for walking on
deserts and lonely
islands, but they’re
the greatest for
campus . , . 12.95.
i
■
■
■
I
I
■
ROOS/ATKINS
■
i
■
■
R
■
■
■
■
* INDIANS
(to be read as
Peter Lorre would
read) . . . Water,
water, this burning
desert is getting
to me, I can’t
walk another step . . .
ah ha, we’ve the
answer, Clark
Desert Boots, not
only are they best
for walking on
deserts and lonely
islands, but they’re
the greatest for
campus . , . 12.95.
i
■
■
■
I
I
■
ROOS/ATKINS
■
i
■
■
R
■
■
■
■
* INDIANS
(to be read as
Peter Lorre would
read) . . . Water,
water, this burning
desert is getting
to me, I can’t
walk another step . . .
ah ha, we’ve the
answer, Clark
Desert Boots, not
only are they best
for walking on
deserts and lonely
islands, but they’re
the greatest for
campus . , . 12.95.
i
■
■
■
I
I
■
ROOS/ATKINS
■
i
■
■
R
■
■
■
■
* INDIANS
(to be read as
Peter Lorre would
read) . . . Water,
water, this burning
desert is getting
to me, I can’t
walk another step . . .
ah ha, we’ve the
answer, Clark
Desert Boots, not
only are they best
for walking on
deserts and lonely
islands, but they’re
the greatest for
campus . , . 12.95.
i
■
■
■
I
I
■
ROOS/ATKINS
■
i
■
■
R
■
■
■
■
* INDIANS
(to be read as
Peter Lorre would
read) . . . Water,
water, this burning
desert is getting
to me, I can’t
walk another step . . .
ah ha, we’ve the
answer, Clark
Desert Boots, not
only are they best
for walking on
deserts and lonely
islands, but they’re
the greatest for
campus . , . 12.95.
i
■
■
■
I
I
■
ROOS/ATKINS
■
i
■
■
R
■
■
■
■
* INDIANS
(to be read as
Peter Lorre would
read) . . . Water,
water, this burning
desert is getting
to me, I can’t
walk another step . . .
ah ha, we’ve the
answer, Clark
Desert Boots, not
only are they best
for walking on
deserts and lonely
islands, but they’re
the greatest for
campus . , . 12.95.
i
■
■
■
I
I
■
ROOS/ATKINS
■
i
■
■
R
■
■
■
■
* INDIANS
(to be read as
Peter Lorre would
read) . . . Water,
water, this burning
desert is getting
to me, I can’t
walk another step . . .
ah ha, we’ve the
answer, Clark
Desert Boots, not
only are they best
for walking on
deserts and lonely
islands, but they’re
the greatest for
campus . , . 12.95.
i
■
■
■
I
I
■
ROOS/ATKINS
■
i
■
■
R
■
■
■
■
* INDIANS
(to be read as
Peter Lorre would
read) . . . Water,
water, this burning
desert is getting
to me, I can’t
walk another step . . .
ah ha, we’ve the
answer, Clark
Desert Boots, not
only are they best
for walking on
deserts and lonely
islands, but they’re
the greatest for
campus . , . 12.95.
i
■
■
■
I
I
■
ROOS/ATKINS
■
i
■
■
R
■
■
■
■
* INDIANS
(to be read as
Peter Lorre would
read) . . . Water,
water, this burning
desert is getting
to me, I can’t
walk another step . . .
ah ha, we’ve the
answer, Clark
Desert Boots, not
only are they best
for walking on
deserts and lonely
islands, but they’re
the greatest for
campus . , . 12.95.
i
■
■
■
I
I
■
ROOS/ATKINS
■
i
■
■
R
■
■
■
■
* INDIANS
(to be read as
Peter Lorre would
read) . . . Water,
water, this burning
desert is getting
to me, I can’t
walk another step . . .
ah ha, we’ve the
answer, Clark
Desert Boots, not
only are they best
for walking on
deserts and lonely
islands, but they’re
the greatest for
campus . , . 12.95.
i
■
■
■
I
I
■
ROOS/ATKINS
■
i
■
■
R
■
■
■
■
* INDIANS
(to be read as
Peter Lorre would
read) . . . Water,
water, this burning
desert is getting
to me, I can’t
walk another step . . .
ah ha, we’ve the
answer, Clark
Desert Boots, not
only are they best
for walking on
deserts and lonely
islands, but they’re
the greatest for
campus . , . 12.95.
i
■
■
■
I
I
■
ROOS/ATKINS
■
i
■
■
R
■
■
■
■
* INDIANS
(to be read as
Peter Lorre would
read) . . . Water,
water, this burning
desert is getting
to me, I can’t
walk another step . . .
ah ha, we’ve the
answer, Clark
Desert Boots, not
only are they best
for walking on
deserts and lonely
islands, but they’re
the greatest for
campus . , . 12.95.
i
■
■
■
I
I
■
ROOS/ATKINS
■
i
■
■
R
■
■
■
■
* INDIANS
(to be read as
Peter Lorre would
read) . . . Water,
water, this burning
desert is getting
to me, I can’t
walk another step . . .
ah ha, we’ve the
answer, Clark
Desert Boots, not
only are they best
for walking on
deserts and lonely
islands, but they’re
the greatest for
campus . , . 12.95.
i
■
■
■
I
I
■
ROOS/ATKINS
