# Odds Favor Negro Light-Heavyweight
## 
### 
SACRAMENTO. April 30 (UP).—
Two-to-one betting odds tonight
favored Lloyd Marshall, Sacramento
negro, over Newsboy Millich in
their light-heavyweight match to
morrow night at Municipal Audi
torium.
Marshall, who is attempting a
comeback after suffering setbacks in
the middleweight ranks, wound up

his training yesterday in San Fran
cisco. He will go into the ring
handicapped by a 10-pound- weight
disadvantage.
SACRAMENTO. April 30 (UP).—
Two-to-one betting odds tonight
favored Lloyd Marshall, Sacramento
negro, over Newsboy Millich in
their light-heavyweight match to
morrow night at Municipal Audi
torium.
Marshall, who is attempting a
comeback after suffering setbacks in
the middleweight ranks, wound up

his training yesterday in San Fran
cisco. He will go into the ring
handicapped by a 10-pound- weight
disadvantage.
SACRAMENTO. April 30 (UP).—
Two-to-one betting odds tonight
favored Lloyd Marshall, Sacramento
negro, over Newsboy Millich in
their light-heavyweight match to
morrow night at Municipal Audi
torium.
Marshall, who is attempting a
comeback after suffering setbacks in
the middleweight ranks, wound up

his training yesterday in San Fran
cisco. He will go into the ring
handicapped by a 10-pound- weight
disadvantage.
SACRAMENTO. April 30 (UP).—
Two-to-one betting odds tonight
favored Lloyd Marshall, Sacramento
negro, over Newsboy Millich in
their light-heavyweight match to
morrow night at Municipal Audi
torium.
Marshall, who is attempting a
comeback after suffering setbacks in
the middleweight ranks, wound up

his training yesterday in San Fran
cisco. He will go into the ring
handicapped by a 10-pound- weight
disadvantage.
SACRAMENTO. April 30 (UP).—
Two-to-one betting odds tonight
favored Lloyd Marshall, Sacramento
negro, over Newsboy Millich in
their light-heavyweight match to
morrow night at Municipal Audi
torium.
Marshall, who is attempting a
comeback after suffering setbacks in
the middleweight ranks, wound up

his training yesterday in San Fran
cisco. He will go into the ring
handicapped by a 10-pound- weight
disadvantage.
SACRAMENTO. April 30 (UP).—
Two-to-one betting odds tonight
favored Lloyd Marshall, Sacramento
negro, over Newsboy Millich in
their light-heavyweight match to
morrow night at Municipal Audi
torium.
Marshall, who is attempting a
comeback after suffering setbacks in
the middleweight ranks, wound up

his training yesterday in San Fran
cisco. He will go into the ring
handicapped by a 10-pound- weight
disadvantage.
SACRAMENTO. April 30 (UP).—
Two-to-one betting odds tonight
favored Lloyd Marshall, Sacramento
negro, over Newsboy Millich in
their light-heavyweight match to
morrow night at Municipal Audi
torium.
Marshall, who is attempting a
comeback after suffering setbacks in
the middleweight ranks, wound up

his training yesterday in San Fran
cisco. He will go into the ring
handicapped by a 10-pound- weight
disadvantage.
SACRAMENTO. April 30 (UP).—
Two-to-one betting odds tonight
favored Lloyd Marshall, Sacramento
negro, over Newsboy Millich in
their light-heavyweight match to
morrow night at Municipal Audi
torium.
Marshall, who is attempting a
comeback after suffering setbacks in
the middleweight ranks, wound up

his training yesterday in San Fran
cisco. He will go into the ring
handicapped by a 10-pound- weight
disadvantage.
SACRAMENTO. April 30 (UP).—
Two-to-one betting odds tonight
favored Lloyd Marshall, Sacramento
negro, over Newsboy Millich in
their light-heavyweight match to
morrow night at Municipal Audi
torium.
Marshall, who is attempting a
comeback after suffering setbacks in
the middleweight ranks, wound up

his training yesterday in San Fran
cisco. He will go into the ring
handicapped by a 10-pound- weight
disadvantage.
SACRAMENTO. April 30 (UP).—
Two-to-one betting odds tonight
favored Lloyd Marshall, Sacramento
negro, over Newsboy Millich in
their light-heavyweight match to
morrow night at Municipal Audi
torium.
Marshall, who is attempting a
comeback after suffering setbacks in
the middleweight ranks, wound up

his training yesterday in San Fran
cisco. He will go into the ring
handicapped by a 10-pound- weight
disadvantage.
SACRAMENTO. April 30 (UP).—
Two-to-one betting odds tonight
favored Lloyd Marshall, Sacramento
negro, over Newsboy Millich in
their light-heavyweight match to
morrow night at Municipal Audi
torium.
Marshall, who is attempting a
comeback after suffering setbacks in
the middleweight ranks, wound up

his training yesterday in San Fran
cisco. He will go into the ring
handicapped by a 10-pound- weight
disadvantage.
SACRAMENTO. April 30 (UP).—
Two-to-one betting odds tonight
favored Lloyd Marshall, Sacramento
negro, over Newsboy Millich in
their light-heavyweight match to
morrow night at Municipal Audi
torium.
Marshall, who is attempting a
comeback after suffering setbacks in
the middleweight ranks, wound up

his training yesterday in San Fran
cisco. He will go into the ring
handicapped by a 10-pound- weight
disadvantage.
SACRAMENTO. April 30 (UP).—
Two-to-one betting odds tonight
favored Lloyd Marshall, Sacramento
negro, over Newsboy Millich in
their light-heavyweight match to
morrow night at Municipal Audi
torium.
Marshall, who is attempting a
comeback after suffering setbacks in
the middleweight ranks, wound up

his training yesterday in San Fran
cisco. He will go into the ring
handicapped by a 10-pound- weight
disadvantage.
SACRAMENTO. April 30 (UP).—
Two-to-one betting odds tonight
favored Lloyd Marshall, Sacramento
negro, over Newsboy Millich in
their light-heavyweight match to
morrow night at Municipal Audi
torium.
Marshall, who is attempting a
comeback after suffering setbacks in
the middleweight ranks, wound up

his training yesterday in San Fran
cisco. He will go into the ring
handicapped by a 10-pound- weight
disadvantage.
SACRAMENTO. April 30 (UP).—
Two-to-one betting odds tonight
favored Lloyd Marshall, Sacramento
negro, over Newsboy Millich in
their light-heavyweight match to
morrow night at Municipal Audi
torium.
Marshall, who is attempting a
comeback after suffering setbacks in
the middleweight ranks, wound up

his training yesterday in San Fran
cisco. He will go into the ring
handicapped by a 10-pound- weight
disadvantage.
SACRAMENTO. April 30 (UP).—
Two-to-one betting odds tonight
favored Lloyd Marshall, Sacramento
negro, over Newsboy Millich in
their light-heavyweight match to
morrow night at Municipal Audi
torium.
Marshall, who is attempting a
comeback after suffering setbacks in
the middleweight ranks, wound up

his training yesterday in San Fran
cisco. He will go into the ring
handicapped by a 10-pound- weight
disadvantage.
SACRAMENTO. April 30 (UP).—
Two-to-one betting odds tonight
favored Lloyd Marshall, Sacramento
negro, over Newsboy Millich in
their light-heavyweight match to
morrow night at Municipal Audi
torium.
Marshall, who is attempting a
comeback after suffering setbacks in
the middleweight ranks, wound up

his training yesterday in San Fran
cisco. He will go into the ring
handicapped by a 10-pound- weight
disadvantage.
SACRAMENTO. April 30 (UP).—
Two-to-one betting odds tonight
favored Lloyd Marshall, Sacramento
negro, over Newsboy Millich in
their light-heavyweight match to
morrow night at Municipal Audi
torium.
Marshall, who is attempting a
comeback after suffering setbacks in
the middleweight ranks, wound up

his training yesterday in San Fran
cisco. He will go into the ring
handicapped by a 10-pound- weight
disadvantage.
