# Dave Fall Wins Diving Tilt In Meet With O.C.
## 
### 
Dave Fall, captain of the Stanford
swimming team, won the low board
diving competition in the Olympic
Club's swimming meet held last night
when he defeated Guerton Carroll, the
""Winged O" springboard artist, and
won a leg on the Robert Smith trophy.
Carroll and Fall have each won an
event of the three called for in the
cup and will fight it out to see who
cops it when they meet in the high
board competition next month. Fall is
held to be Carroll's suprior in high
diving so should win the trophy.
Smith Presses Mooney
Fall was the only first-place winner
not a member of the Olympic Club
swimming team. Ted Smith, varsity
backstroker, the only other Stanford
athlete to compete, swam a wonderful
race in the 200-yard medley and made
Frank Mooney of the Olympics extend
himself to the utmost in order to win
by a scant six inches. Smith jumped
into the lead in the breaststroke laps
which co√üne first in the medley. He
established a lead of about ten feet
and held it in the backstroke.
