# WARREN D. ALLEN TO PLAY ORIENTAL MUSIC
## 
### 
Oriental color predominates in a
selection to be played by Warren D.
Allen in his regular Tuesday afternoon
organ recital in the Memorial Church
tomorrow at 4:15 o'clock. It is entitled
"In the Steppes of Central Asia" and
is by Borodin, one of the foremost of
the Russian nationalist school of com
posers, which had a dominant influence
in the development of both Slavic and
Oriental folk music into great musical
compositions.
Oriental color predominates in a
selection to be played by Warren D.
Allen in his regular Tuesday afternoon
organ recital in the Memorial Church
tomorrow at 4:15 o'clock. It is entitled
"In the Steppes of Central Asia" and
is by Borodin, one of the foremost of
the Russian nationalist school of com
posers, which had a dominant influence
in the development of both Slavic and
Oriental folk music into great musical
compositions.
Oriental color predominates in a
selection to be played by Warren D.
Allen in his regular Tuesday afternoon
organ recital in the Memorial Church
tomorrow at 4:15 o'clock. It is entitled
"In the Steppes of Central Asia" and
is by Borodin, one of the foremost of
the Russian nationalist school of com
posers, which had a dominant influence
in the development of both Slavic and
Oriental folk music into great musical
compositions.
Oriental color predominates in a
selection to be played by Warren D.
Allen in his regular Tuesday afternoon
organ recital in the Memorial Church
tomorrow at 4:15 o'clock. It is entitled
"In the Steppes of Central Asia" and
is by Borodin, one of the foremost of
the Russian nationalist school of com
posers, which had a dominant influence
in the development of both Slavic and
Oriental folk music into great musical
compositions.
Oriental color predominates in a
selection to be played by Warren D.
Allen in his regular Tuesday afternoon
organ recital in the Memorial Church
tomorrow at 4:15 o'clock. It is entitled
"In the Steppes of Central Asia" and
is by Borodin, one of the foremost of
the Russian nationalist school of com
posers, which had a dominant influence
in the development of both Slavic and
Oriental folk music into great musical
compositions.
Oriental color predominates in a
selection to be played by Warren D.
Allen in his regular Tuesday afternoon
organ recital in the Memorial Church
tomorrow at 4:15 o'clock. It is entitled
"In the Steppes of Central Asia" and
is by Borodin, one of the foremost of
the Russian nationalist school of com
posers, which had a dominant influence
in the development of both Slavic and
Oriental folk music into great musical
compositions.
Oriental color predominates in a
selection to be played by Warren D.
Allen in his regular Tuesday afternoon
organ recital in the Memorial Church
tomorrow at 4:15 o'clock. It is entitled
"In the Steppes of Central Asia" and
is by Borodin, one of the foremost of
the Russian nationalist school of com
posers, which had a dominant influence
in the development of both Slavic and
Oriental folk music into great musical
compositions.
Oriental color predominates in a
selection to be played by Warren D.
Allen in his regular Tuesday afternoon
organ recital in the Memorial Church
tomorrow at 4:15 o'clock. It is entitled
"In the Steppes of Central Asia" and
is by Borodin, one of the foremost of
the Russian nationalist school of com
posers, which had a dominant influence
in the development of both Slavic and
Oriental folk music into great musical
compositions.
Oriental color predominates in a
selection to be played by Warren D.
Allen in his regular Tuesday afternoon
organ recital in the Memorial Church
tomorrow at 4:15 o'clock. It is entitled
"In the Steppes of Central Asia" and
is by Borodin, one of the foremost of
the Russian nationalist school of com
posers, which had a dominant influence
in the development of both Slavic and
Oriental folk music into great musical
compositions.
Oriental color predominates in a
selection to be played by Warren D.
Allen in his regular Tuesday afternoon
organ recital in the Memorial Church
tomorrow at 4:15 o'clock. It is entitled
"In the Steppes of Central Asia" and
is by Borodin, one of the foremost of
the Russian nationalist school of com
posers, which had a dominant influence
in the development of both Slavic and
Oriental folk music into great musical
compositions.
Oriental color predominates in a
selection to be played by Warren D.
Allen in his regular Tuesday afternoon
organ recital in the Memorial Church
tomorrow at 4:15 o'clock. It is entitled
"In the Steppes of Central Asia" and
is by Borodin, one of the foremost of
the Russian nationalist school of com
posers, which had a dominant influence
in the development of both Slavic and
Oriental folk music into great musical
compositions.
Oriental color predominates in a
selection to be played by Warren D.
Allen in his regular Tuesday afternoon
organ recital in the Memorial Church
tomorrow at 4:15 o'clock. It is entitled
"In the Steppes of Central Asia" and
is by Borodin, one of the foremost of
the Russian nationalist school of com
posers, which had a dominant influence
in the development of both Slavic and
Oriental folk music into great musical
compositions.
Oriental color predominates in a
selection to be played by Warren D.
Allen in his regular Tuesday afternoon
organ recital in the Memorial Church
tomorrow at 4:15 o'clock. It is entitled
"In the Steppes of Central Asia" and
is by Borodin, one of the foremost of
the Russian nationalist school of com
posers, which had a dominant influence
in the development of both Slavic and
Oriental folk music into great musical
compositions.
Oriental color predominates in a
selection to be played by Warren D.
Allen in his regular Tuesday afternoon
organ recital in the Memorial Church
tomorrow at 4:15 o'clock. It is entitled
"In the Steppes of Central Asia" and
is by Borodin, one of the foremost of
the Russian nationalist school of com
posers, which had a dominant influence
in the development of both Slavic and
Oriental folk music into great musical
compositions.
