# Automotive Engineers Plan Standardization
## 
### 
More than 100 subjects for standard
ization are now under study by the
standards committees and subcommit
tees of the Society of Automotive Engi
neers. Among the important problems
are head-lamp illumination, leather
substitutes, battery sizes, bumpers,
and enamels.
More than 100 subjects for standard
ization are now under study by the
standards committees and subcommit
tees of the Society of Automotive Engi
neers. Among the important problems
are head-lamp illumination, leather
substitutes, battery sizes, bumpers,
and enamels.
More than 100 subjects for standard
ization are now under study by the
standards committees and subcommit
tees of the Society of Automotive Engi
neers. Among the important problems
are head-lamp illumination, leather
substitutes, battery sizes, bumpers,
and enamels.
More than 100 subjects for standard
ization are now under study by the
standards committees and subcommit
tees of the Society of Automotive Engi
neers. Among the important problems
are head-lamp illumination, leather
substitutes, battery sizes, bumpers,
and enamels.
More than 100 subjects for standard
ization are now under study by the
standards committees and subcommit
tees of the Society of Automotive Engi
neers. Among the important problems
are head-lamp illumination, leather
substitutes, battery sizes, bumpers,
and enamels.
More than 100 subjects for standard
ization are now under study by the
standards committees and subcommit
tees of the Society of Automotive Engi
neers. Among the important problems
are head-lamp illumination, leather
substitutes, battery sizes, bumpers,
and enamels.
More than 100 subjects for standard
ization are now under study by the
standards committees and subcommit
tees of the Society of Automotive Engi
neers. Among the important problems
are head-lamp illumination, leather
substitutes, battery sizes, bumpers,
and enamels.
More than 100 subjects for standard
ization are now under study by the
standards committees and subcommit
tees of the Society of Automotive Engi
neers. Among the important problems
are head-lamp illumination, leather
substitutes, battery sizes, bumpers,
and enamels.
More than 100 subjects for standard
ization are now under study by the
standards committees and subcommit
tees of the Society of Automotive Engi
neers. Among the important problems
are head-lamp illumination, leather
substitutes, battery sizes, bumpers,
and enamels.
More than 100 subjects for standard
ization are now under study by the
standards committees and subcommit
tees of the Society of Automotive Engi
neers. Among the important problems
are head-lamp illumination, leather
substitutes, battery sizes, bumpers,
and enamels.
More than 100 subjects for standard
ization are now under study by the
standards committees and subcommit
tees of the Society of Automotive Engi
neers. Among the important problems
are head-lamp illumination, leather
substitutes, battery sizes, bumpers,
and enamels.
More than 100 subjects for standard
ization are now under study by the
standards committees and subcommit
tees of the Society of Automotive Engi
neers. Among the important problems
are head-lamp illumination, leather
substitutes, battery sizes, bumpers,
and enamels.
More than 100 subjects for standard
ization are now under study by the
standards committees and subcommit
tees of the Society of Automotive Engi
neers. Among the important problems
are head-lamp illumination, leather
substitutes, battery sizes, bumpers,
and enamels.
More than 100 subjects for standard
ization are now under study by the
standards committees and subcommit
tees of the Society of Automotive Engi
neers. Among the important problems
are head-lamp illumination, leather
substitutes, battery sizes, bumpers,
and enamels.
