# Untitled Article
## 
### 
— Harvard's baseball schedule
provides for twenty-seven games,
sixteen of which are at Cambridge.
— Harvard's baseball schedule
provides for twenty-seven games,
sixteen of which are at Cambridge.
— Harvard's baseball schedule
provides for twenty-seven games,
sixteen of which are at Cambridge.
— Harvard's baseball schedule
provides for twenty-seven games,
sixteen of which are at Cambridge.
— Harvard's baseball schedule
provides for twenty-seven games,
sixteen of which are at Cambridge.
— Harvard's baseball schedule
provides for twenty-seven games,
sixteen of which are at Cambridge.
— Harvard's baseball schedule
provides for twenty-seven games,
sixteen of which are at Cambridge.
— Harvard's baseball schedule
provides for twenty-seven games,
sixteen of which are at Cambridge.
