# GLEE CLUB TO HOLD TRYOUTS NEXT WEEK
## 
### 
At the firsi meeting of the quarter,
the Glee Club yesterday afternoon de
cided to postpone tryouts for member*,
ship until Wednesday, October 11.
They will be held at 4:00 p.m., and
7:30 p.m. on that day, in Room S4,
This change was made because it was
feared that the first time announced
would conflict with the sophomore
freshman tie-up.
While handicapped by the absence
of Warren 1). Allen, University Organ
ist, and director of the club, it is
hoped to find a worthy successor in a
member of the club. Tatham True,
organist in Mr. Allen's absence, will
conduct the tryouts. Only a few of
the old members have returned this
year, and as a result, according to
Arnold Bavley, '23, president of the
club, should some good material show
up a large number of new members
will be added.
