# Laura Herron, '14, Basketball Coach
## 
### 
Women playing basketball this year
will have the advantage of being
coached this semester by Miss Laura
Ilerron, M4. Miss Herron played on
the Stanford team for four years and
was on the coaching committee for two
years. The manager requests that
those who wish to try for the team
next semester come out. on Tuesday
afternoon for practice.
Women playing basketball this year
will have the advantage of being
coached this semester by Miss Laura
Ilerron, M4. Miss Herron played on
the Stanford team for four years and
was on the coaching committee for two
years. The manager requests that
those who wish to try for the team
next semester come out. on Tuesday
afternoon for practice.
Women playing basketball this year
will have the advantage of being
coached this semester by Miss Laura
Ilerron, M4. Miss Herron played on
the Stanford team for four years and
was on the coaching committee for two
years. The manager requests that
those who wish to try for the team
next semester come out. on Tuesday
afternoon for practice.
Women playing basketball this year
will have the advantage of being
coached this semester by Miss Laura
Ilerron, M4. Miss Herron played on
the Stanford team for four years and
was on the coaching committee for two
years. The manager requests that
those who wish to try for the team
next semester come out. on Tuesday
afternoon for practice.
Women playing basketball this year
will have the advantage of being
coached this semester by Miss Laura
Ilerron, M4. Miss Herron played on
the Stanford team for four years and
was on the coaching committee for two
years. The manager requests that
those who wish to try for the team
next semester come out. on Tuesday
afternoon for practice.
Women playing basketball this year
will have the advantage of being
coached this semester by Miss Laura
Ilerron, M4. Miss Herron played on
the Stanford team for four years and
was on the coaching committee for two
years. The manager requests that
those who wish to try for the team
next semester come out. on Tuesday
afternoon for practice.
Women playing basketball this year
will have the advantage of being
coached this semester by Miss Laura
Ilerron, M4. Miss Herron played on
the Stanford team for four years and
was on the coaching committee for two
years. The manager requests that
those who wish to try for the team
next semester come out. on Tuesday
afternoon for practice.
Women playing basketball this year
will have the advantage of being
coached this semester by Miss Laura
Ilerron, M4. Miss Herron played on
the Stanford team for four years and
was on the coaching committee for two
years. The manager requests that
those who wish to try for the team
next semester come out. on Tuesday
afternoon for practice.
Women playing basketball this year
will have the advantage of being
coached this semester by Miss Laura
Ilerron, M4. Miss Herron played on
the Stanford team for four years and
was on the coaching committee for two
years. The manager requests that
those who wish to try for the team
next semester come out. on Tuesday
afternoon for practice.
Women playing basketball this year
will have the advantage of being
coached this semester by Miss Laura
Ilerron, M4. Miss Herron played on
the Stanford team for four years and
was on the coaching committee for two
years. The manager requests that
those who wish to try for the team
next semester come out. on Tuesday
afternoon for practice.
Women playing basketball this year
will have the advantage of being
coached this semester by Miss Laura
Ilerron, M4. Miss Herron played on
the Stanford team for four years and
was on the coaching committee for two
years. The manager requests that
those who wish to try for the team
next semester come out. on Tuesday
afternoon for practice.
Women playing basketball this year
will have the advantage of being
coached this semester by Miss Laura
Ilerron, M4. Miss Herron played on
the Stanford team for four years and
was on the coaching committee for two
years. The manager requests that
those who wish to try for the team
next semester come out. on Tuesday
afternoon for practice.
Women playing basketball this year
will have the advantage of being
coached this semester by Miss Laura
Ilerron, M4. Miss Herron played on
the Stanford team for four years and
was on the coaching committee for two
years. The manager requests that
those who wish to try for the team
next semester come out. on Tuesday
afternoon for practice.
