# Untitled Article
## 
### 
E. P. ("Stump") Stott, '07, Stanford's
first varsity rugby captain, is a vis
itor on the campus.
E. P. ("Stump") Stott, '07, Stanford's
first varsity rugby captain, is a vis
itor on the campus.
E. P. ("Stump") Stott, '07, Stanford's
first varsity rugby captain, is a vis
itor on the campus.
E. P. ("Stump") Stott, '07, Stanford's
first varsity rugby captain, is a vis
itor on the campus.
E. P. ("Stump") Stott, '07, Stanford's
first varsity rugby captain, is a vis
itor on the campus.
E. P. ("Stump") Stott, '07, Stanford's
first varsity rugby captain, is a vis
itor on the campus.
E. P. ("Stump") Stott, '07, Stanford's
first varsity rugby captain, is a vis
itor on the campus.
E. P. ("Stump") Stott, '07, Stanford's
first varsity rugby captain, is a vis
itor on the campus.
E. P. ("Stump") Stott, '07, Stanford's
first varsity rugby captain, is a vis
itor on the campus.
E. P. ("Stump") Stott, '07, Stanford's
first varsity rugby captain, is a vis
itor on the campus.
E. P. ("Stump") Stott, '07, Stanford's
first varsity rugby captain, is a vis
itor on the campus.
E. P. ("Stump") Stott, '07, Stanford's
first varsity rugby captain, is a vis
itor on the campus.
E. P. ("Stump") Stott, '07, Stanford's
first varsity rugby captain, is a vis
itor on the campus.
