# TWENTY-SEVEN WOMEN SIGN TO COME OUT FOR FENCING
## 
### 
Twenty-seven women lnive signified
their intentions of taking up foil and
mask on the floor of Kohls gymansium
this semester. Of those signed the
Misses Dorothy Metz, '17. captain;
Marjorie Curry, '18, and Anita Allen,
'17, were members of last year's team.
Miss Metz won the distinction of tak
ing first honors in all her bouts at
the Exposition meet with the Univer
sity of California. Miss Frances Oden
heimer, '14, who won the individual
championship at the Exposition, has
been engaged as instructor. With the
aid of Mr. 11. W. Maloney, who will
assist one day per week, and the co
operation of Foil and Mask Fencing
Society, the sport gives promise of
being a favorite this year.
The present squad consists of the
Misses Adams, Albrecht, Allen, Cross.
Culp, Curry, Eubank, de Forest, Gail
fus, Gardiner, Grant, Greening, Hyatt,
Johnson, Knox, Metz. Morgan, Noaik,
Overacker, Owen, Parker, Pilclier, Ro
senthal, Sawyer, Smith, Tuck, and
Wetherbee.
Twenty-seven women lnive signified
their intentions of taking up foil and
mask on the floor of Kohls gymansium
this semester. Of those signed the
Misses Dorothy Metz, '17. captain;
Marjorie Curry, '18, and Anita Allen,
'17, were members of last year's team.
Miss Metz won the distinction of tak
ing first honors in all her bouts at
the Exposition meet with the Univer
sity of California. Miss Frances Oden
heimer, '14, who won the individual
championship at the Exposition, has
been engaged as instructor. With the
aid of Mr. 11. W. Maloney, who will
assist one day per week, and the co
operation of Foil and Mask Fencing
Society, the sport gives promise of
being a favorite this year.
The present squad consists of the
Misses Adams, Albrecht, Allen, Cross.
Culp, Curry, Eubank, de Forest, Gail
fus, Gardiner, Grant, Greening, Hyatt,
Johnson, Knox, Metz. Morgan, Noaik,
Overacker, Owen, Parker, Pilclier, Ro
senthal, Sawyer, Smith, Tuck, and
Wetherbee.
Twenty-seven women lnive signified
their intentions of taking up foil and
mask on the floor of Kohls gymansium
this semester. Of those signed the
Misses Dorothy Metz, '17. captain;
Marjorie Curry, '18, and Anita Allen,
'17, were members of last year's team.
Miss Metz won the distinction of tak
ing first honors in all her bouts at
the Exposition meet with the Univer
sity of California. Miss Frances Oden
heimer, '14, who won the individual
championship at the Exposition, has
been engaged as instructor. With the
aid of Mr. 11. W. Maloney, who will
assist one day per week, and the co
operation of Foil and Mask Fencing
Society, the sport gives promise of
being a favorite this year.
The present squad consists of the
Misses Adams, Albrecht, Allen, Cross.
Culp, Curry, Eubank, de Forest, Gail
fus, Gardiner, Grant, Greening, Hyatt,
Johnson, Knox, Metz. Morgan, Noaik,
Overacker, Owen, Parker, Pilclier, Ro
senthal, Sawyer, Smith, Tuck, and
Wetherbee.
Twenty-seven women lnive signified
their intentions of taking up foil and
mask on the floor of Kohls gymansium
this semester. Of those signed the
Misses Dorothy Metz, '17. captain;
Marjorie Curry, '18, and Anita Allen,
'17, were members of last year's team.
Miss Metz won the distinction of tak
ing first honors in all her bouts at
the Exposition meet with the Univer
sity of California. Miss Frances Oden
heimer, '14, who won the individual
championship at the Exposition, has
been engaged as instructor. With the
aid of Mr. 11. W. Maloney, who will
assist one day per week, and the co
operation of Foil and Mask Fencing
Society, the sport gives promise of
being a favorite this year.
The present squad consists of the
Misses Adams, Albrecht, Allen, Cross.
Culp, Curry, Eubank, de Forest, Gail
fus, Gardiner, Grant, Greening, Hyatt,
Johnson, Knox, Metz. Morgan, Noaik,
Overacker, Owen, Parker, Pilclier, Ro
senthal, Sawyer, Smith, Tuck, and
Wetherbee.
Twenty-seven women lnive signified
their intentions of taking up foil and
mask on the floor of Kohls gymansium
this semester. Of those signed the
Misses Dorothy Metz, '17. captain;
Marjorie Curry, '18, and Anita Allen,
'17, were members of last year's team.
Miss Metz won the distinction of tak
ing first honors in all her bouts at
the Exposition meet with the Univer
sity of California. Miss Frances Oden
heimer, '14, who won the individual
championship at the Exposition, has
been engaged as instructor. With the
aid of Mr. 11. W. Maloney, who will
assist one day per week, and the co
operation of Foil and Mask Fencing
Society, the sport gives promise of
being a favorite this year.
The present squad consists of the
Misses Adams, Albrecht, Allen, Cross.
Culp, Curry, Eubank, de Forest, Gail
fus, Gardiner, Grant, Greening, Hyatt,
Johnson, Knox, Metz. Morgan, Noaik,
Overacker, Owen, Parker, Pilclier, Ro
senthal, Sawyer, Smith, Tuck, and
Wetherbee.
Twenty-seven women lnive signified
their intentions of taking up foil and
mask on the floor of Kohls gymansium
this semester. Of those signed the
Misses Dorothy Metz, '17. captain;
Marjorie Curry, '18, and Anita Allen,
'17, were members of last year's team.
Miss Metz won the distinction of tak
ing first honors in all her bouts at
the Exposition meet with the Univer
sity of California. Miss Frances Oden
heimer, '14, who won the individual
championship at the Exposition, has
been engaged as instructor. With the
aid of Mr. 11. W. Maloney, who will
assist one day per week, and the co
operation of Foil and Mask Fencing
Society, the sport gives promise of
being a favorite this year.
The present squad consists of the
Misses Adams, Albrecht, Allen, Cross.
Culp, Curry, Eubank, de Forest, Gail
fus, Gardiner, Grant, Greening, Hyatt,
Johnson, Knox, Metz. Morgan, Noaik,
Overacker, Owen, Parker, Pilclier, Ro
senthal, Sawyer, Smith, Tuck, and
Wetherbee.
Twenty-seven women lnive signified
their intentions of taking up foil and
mask on the floor of Kohls gymansium
this semester. Of those signed the
Misses Dorothy Metz, '17. captain;
Marjorie Curry, '18, and Anita Allen,
'17, were members of last year's team.
Miss Metz won the distinction of tak
ing first honors in all her bouts at
the Exposition meet with the Univer
sity of California. Miss Frances Oden
heimer, '14, who won the individual
championship at the Exposition, has
been engaged as instructor. With the
aid of Mr. 11. W. Maloney, who will
assist one day per week, and the co
operation of Foil and Mask Fencing
Society, the sport gives promise of
being a favorite this year.
The present squad consists of the
Misses Adams, Albrecht, Allen, Cross.
Culp, Curry, Eubank, de Forest, Gail
fus, Gardiner, Grant, Greening, Hyatt,
Johnson, Knox, Metz. Morgan, Noaik,
Overacker, Owen, Parker, Pilclier, Ro
senthal, Sawyer, Smith, Tuck, and
Wetherbee.
Twenty-seven women lnive signified
their intentions of taking up foil and
mask on the floor of Kohls gymansium
this semester. Of those signed the
Misses Dorothy Metz, '17. captain;
Marjorie Curry, '18, and Anita Allen,
'17, were members of last year's team.
Miss Metz won the distinction of tak
ing first honors in all her bouts at
the Exposition meet with the Univer
sity of California. Miss Frances Oden
heimer, '14, who won the individual
championship at the Exposition, has
been engaged as instructor. With the
aid of Mr. 11. W. Maloney, who will
assist one day per week, and the co
operation of Foil and Mask Fencing
Society, the sport gives promise of
being a favorite this year.
The present squad consists of the
Misses Adams, Albrecht, Allen, Cross.
Culp, Curry, Eubank, de Forest, Gail
fus, Gardiner, Grant, Greening, Hyatt,
Johnson, Knox, Metz. Morgan, Noaik,
Overacker, Owen, Parker, Pilclier, Ro
senthal, Sawyer, Smith, Tuck, and
Wetherbee.
Twenty-seven women lnive signified
their intentions of taking up foil and
mask on the floor of Kohls gymansium
this semester. Of those signed the
Misses Dorothy Metz, '17. captain;
Marjorie Curry, '18, and Anita Allen,
'17, were members of last year's team.
Miss Metz won the distinction of tak
ing first honors in all her bouts at
the Exposition meet with the Univer
sity of California. Miss Frances Oden
heimer, '14, who won the individual
championship at the Exposition, has
been engaged as instructor. With the
aid of Mr. 11. W. Maloney, who will
assist one day per week, and the co
operation of Foil and Mask Fencing
Society, the sport gives promise of
being a favorite this year.
The present squad consists of the
Misses Adams, Albrecht, Allen, Cross.
Culp, Curry, Eubank, de Forest, Gail
fus, Gardiner, Grant, Greening, Hyatt,
Johnson, Knox, Metz. Morgan, Noaik,
Overacker, Owen, Parker, Pilclier, Ro
senthal, Sawyer, Smith, Tuck, and
Wetherbee.
Twenty-seven women lnive signified
their intentions of taking up foil and
mask on the floor of Kohls gymansium
this semester. Of those signed the
Misses Dorothy Metz, '17. captain;
Marjorie Curry, '18, and Anita Allen,
'17, were members of last year's team.
Miss Metz won the distinction of tak
ing first honors in all her bouts at
the Exposition meet with the Univer
sity of California. Miss Frances Oden
heimer, '14, who won the individual
championship at the Exposition, has
been engaged as instructor. With the
aid of Mr. 11. W. Maloney, who will
assist one day per week, and the co
operation of Foil and Mask Fencing
Society, the sport gives promise of
being a favorite this year.
The present squad consists of the
Misses Adams, Albrecht, Allen, Cross.
Culp, Curry, Eubank, de Forest, Gail
fus, Gardiner, Grant, Greening, Hyatt,
Johnson, Knox, Metz. Morgan, Noaik,
Overacker, Owen, Parker, Pilclier, Ro
senthal, Sawyer, Smith, Tuck, and
Wetherbee.
Twenty-seven women lnive signified
their intentions of taking up foil and
mask on the floor of Kohls gymansium
this semester. Of those signed the
Misses Dorothy Metz, '17. captain;
Marjorie Curry, '18, and Anita Allen,
'17, were members of last year's team.
Miss Metz won the distinction of tak
ing first honors in all her bouts at
the Exposition meet with the Univer
sity of California. Miss Frances Oden
heimer, '14, who won the individual
championship at the Exposition, has
been engaged as instructor. With the
aid of Mr. 11. W. Maloney, who will
assist one day per week, and the co
operation of Foil and Mask Fencing
Society, the sport gives promise of
being a favorite this year.
The present squad consists of the
Misses Adams, Albrecht, Allen, Cross.
Culp, Curry, Eubank, de Forest, Gail
fus, Gardiner, Grant, Greening, Hyatt,
Johnson, Knox, Metz. Morgan, Noaik,
Overacker, Owen, Parker, Pilclier, Ro
senthal, Sawyer, Smith, Tuck, and
Wetherbee.
Twenty-seven women lnive signified
their intentions of taking up foil and
mask on the floor of Kohls gymansium
this semester. Of those signed the
Misses Dorothy Metz, '17. captain;
Marjorie Curry, '18, and Anita Allen,
'17, were members of last year's team.
Miss Metz won the distinction of tak
ing first honors in all her bouts at
the Exposition meet with the Univer
sity of California. Miss Frances Oden
heimer, '14, who won the individual
championship at the Exposition, has
been engaged as instructor. With the
aid of Mr. 11. W. Maloney, who will
assist one day per week, and the co
operation of Foil and Mask Fencing
Society, the sport gives promise of
being a favorite this year.
The present squad consists of the
Misses Adams, Albrecht, Allen, Cross.
Culp, Curry, Eubank, de Forest, Gail
fus, Gardiner, Grant, Greening, Hyatt,
Johnson, Knox, Metz. Morgan, Noaik,
Overacker, Owen, Parker, Pilclier, Ro
senthal, Sawyer, Smith, Tuck, and
Wetherbee.
Twenty-seven women lnive signified
their intentions of taking up foil and
mask on the floor of Kohls gymansium
this semester. Of those signed the
Misses Dorothy Metz, '17. captain;
Marjorie Curry, '18, and Anita Allen,
'17, were members of last year's team.
Miss Metz won the distinction of tak
ing first honors in all her bouts at
the Exposition meet with the Univer
sity of California. Miss Frances Oden
heimer, '14, who won the individual
championship at the Exposition, has
been engaged as instructor. With the
aid of Mr. 11. W. Maloney, who will
assist one day per week, and the co
operation of Foil and Mask Fencing
Society, the sport gives promise of
being a favorite this year.
The present squad consists of the
Misses Adams, Albrecht, Allen, Cross.
Culp, Curry, Eubank, de Forest, Gail
fus, Gardiner, Grant, Greening, Hyatt,
Johnson, Knox, Metz. Morgan, Noaik,
Overacker, Owen, Parker, Pilclier, Ro
senthal, Sawyer, Smith, Tuck, and
Wetherbee.
