# Professors Devise Instrument
## 
### 
Dr. Clelia Mosher, director of Roble
Gymnasium, and Professor E. P. Les
ley, of the Mechanical Engineering
department, have devised an instru
ment, "th? schematograph," which
makes a graphic record of the phys
ical entrance examination. It records
the effrct of physical training work
on the individual.
Dr. Clelia Mosher, director of Roble
Gymnasium, and Professor E. P. Les
ley, of the Mechanical Engineering
department, have devised an instru
ment, "th? schematograph," which
makes a graphic record of the phys
ical entrance examination. It records
the effrct of physical training work
on the individual.
Dr. Clelia Mosher, director of Roble
Gymnasium, and Professor E. P. Les
ley, of the Mechanical Engineering
department, have devised an instru
ment, "th? schematograph," which
makes a graphic record of the phys
ical entrance examination. It records
the effrct of physical training work
on the individual.
Dr. Clelia Mosher, director of Roble
Gymnasium, and Professor E. P. Les
ley, of the Mechanical Engineering
department, have devised an instru
ment, "th? schematograph," which
makes a graphic record of the phys
ical entrance examination. It records
the effrct of physical training work
on the individual.
Dr. Clelia Mosher, director of Roble
Gymnasium, and Professor E. P. Les
ley, of the Mechanical Engineering
department, have devised an instru
ment, "th? schematograph," which
makes a graphic record of the phys
ical entrance examination. It records
the effrct of physical training work
on the individual.
Dr. Clelia Mosher, director of Roble
Gymnasium, and Professor E. P. Les
ley, of the Mechanical Engineering
department, have devised an instru
ment, "th? schematograph," which
makes a graphic record of the phys
ical entrance examination. It records
the effrct of physical training work
on the individual.
Dr. Clelia Mosher, director of Roble
Gymnasium, and Professor E. P. Les
ley, of the Mechanical Engineering
department, have devised an instru
ment, "th? schematograph," which
makes a graphic record of the phys
ical entrance examination. It records
the effrct of physical training work
on the individual.
Dr. Clelia Mosher, director of Roble
Gymnasium, and Professor E. P. Les
ley, of the Mechanical Engineering
department, have devised an instru
ment, "th? schematograph," which
makes a graphic record of the phys
ical entrance examination. It records
the effrct of physical training work
on the individual.
Dr. Clelia Mosher, director of Roble
Gymnasium, and Professor E. P. Les
ley, of the Mechanical Engineering
department, have devised an instru
ment, "th? schematograph," which
makes a graphic record of the phys
ical entrance examination. It records
the effrct of physical training work
on the individual.
Dr. Clelia Mosher, director of Roble
Gymnasium, and Professor E. P. Les
ley, of the Mechanical Engineering
department, have devised an instru
ment, "th? schematograph," which
makes a graphic record of the phys
ical entrance examination. It records
the effrct of physical training work
on the individual.
Dr. Clelia Mosher, director of Roble
Gymnasium, and Professor E. P. Les
ley, of the Mechanical Engineering
department, have devised an instru
ment, "th? schematograph," which
makes a graphic record of the phys
ical entrance examination. It records
the effrct of physical training work
on the individual.
Dr. Clelia Mosher, director of Roble
Gymnasium, and Professor E. P. Les
ley, of the Mechanical Engineering
department, have devised an instru
ment, "th? schematograph," which
makes a graphic record of the phys
ical entrance examination. It records
the effrct of physical training work
on the individual.
Dr. Clelia Mosher, director of Roble
Gymnasium, and Professor E. P. Les
ley, of the Mechanical Engineering
department, have devised an instru
ment, "th? schematograph," which
makes a graphic record of the phys
ical entrance examination. It records
the effrct of physical training work
on the individual.
