# Bureau of Accuracy
## 
### 
Intercollegiate debate tryouts will
not be held Friday, but a week from
that date, contrary to an erroneous
statement in The Daily Palo Alto yes
terday.
Intercollegiate debate tryouts will
not be held Friday, but a week from
that date, contrary to an erroneous
statement in The Daily Palo Alto yes
terday.
Intercollegiate debate tryouts will
not be held Friday, but a week from
that date, contrary to an erroneous
statement in The Daily Palo Alto yes
terday.
Intercollegiate debate tryouts will
not be held Friday, but a week from
that date, contrary to an erroneous
statement in The Daily Palo Alto yes
terday.
Intercollegiate debate tryouts will
not be held Friday, but a week from
that date, contrary to an erroneous
statement in The Daily Palo Alto yes
terday.
Intercollegiate debate tryouts will
not be held Friday, but a week from
that date, contrary to an erroneous
statement in The Daily Palo Alto yes
terday.
Intercollegiate debate tryouts will
not be held Friday, but a week from
that date, contrary to an erroneous
statement in The Daily Palo Alto yes
terday.
Intercollegiate debate tryouts will
not be held Friday, but a week from
that date, contrary to an erroneous
statement in The Daily Palo Alto yes
terday.
Intercollegiate debate tryouts will
not be held Friday, but a week from
that date, contrary to an erroneous
statement in The Daily Palo Alto yes
terday.
Intercollegiate debate tryouts will
not be held Friday, but a week from
that date, contrary to an erroneous
statement in The Daily Palo Alto yes
terday.
Intercollegiate debate tryouts will
not be held Friday, but a week from
that date, contrary to an erroneous
statement in The Daily Palo Alto yes
terday.
Intercollegiate debate tryouts will
not be held Friday, but a week from
that date, contrary to an erroneous
statement in The Daily Palo Alto yes
terday.
Intercollegiate debate tryouts will
not be held Friday, but a week from
that date, contrary to an erroneous
statement in The Daily Palo Alto yes
terday.
