# SIRO Sends Money to Basutoland
## 
### 
The Stanford International Re
lief Organization of the HR is
contributing $350 to an urgent
African project. The gift will sup
plement funds already raised to
establish a cooperative bookstore
at the Pius XII University Col
lege in Basutoland.
Basutoland is a small, agricul
tural British colony of over a
half million people situated with
in the borders of the Union of
South Africa. Despite great pres
sure from its comparatively pow
erful neighbor state, Pius XII
University remains the only non
segregated university in Southern
Africa.
The campus, in Roma Valley, is
25 miles from the nearest town,
and even the bookstore there is
not adequately stocked. The new
store will provide textbooks and
general literature as well as sta
tionery. Because of its convenient
location, it will undoubtedly se
cure exclusive patronage from
students, teachers, and adminis
tration.
SIRO is buying a UNESCO Gift
Coupon, which amounts to send
ing a money order overseas. It
will be used to buy the stock for
the storeâ€™s first year of operation.
The organizers of the cooperative
anticipate that the profits will
then be used to finance other stu
dent welfare projects, for store
expansion, and for discount and
dividend benefits for sharehold
ers.
Last June, Basutoland received
a gift from SIRO of 1,000 pounds
of badly needed clothing.
