# Cagers Idle this Weekend
## 
### 
The Stanford basketball team,
idle this week, will bring a 2-2
slate into Big Five competition
next weekend when they take on
UCLA and USC on consecutive
nights.
Individual statistics show that
John Windsor' is fourth in scoring
with a 17 points per game aver

age. Bill Hansen of Washington
still leads that department, de
spite dropping his average five
points last weekend. He is 22.7,
with John Rudometkin second at
22.5. John Green of UCLA is third
at 21.3.
Windsor h;ts the top Stanford
field goal shooting in league play,
with .452. Pete Blackman, UCLA
forward, tops the conference at
.714.
Dar rell Sutherland is Stanford's
lop AAWU foul shooter with .750
per cent. UCLAâ€™s Gary Cunning
ham tops that department with
.0(10.
