# Adv. 35 Page 12
## 
### 
YOUR GREATEST
TRIBUTE...THE
ELIMINATION
OF CANCER.
A Memorial Qift to the
American Cancer Society is a
meaningful remembrance of
loved ones at a time when
meanings are so important
And they help the Society
carry on its important
programs of cancer control.
For more information, contact
your local American Cancer
Society.
I,
AMERICAN
# CANCER
? SOCIETY"
YOUR GREATEST
TRIBUTE...THE
ELIMINATION
OF CANCER.
A Memorial Qift to the
American Cancer Society is a
meaningful remembrance of
loved ones at a time when
meanings are so important
And they help the Society
carry on its important
programs of cancer control.
For more information, contact
your local American Cancer
Society.
I,
AMERICAN
# CANCER
? SOCIETY"
YOUR GREATEST
TRIBUTE...THE
ELIMINATION
OF CANCER.
A Memorial Qift to the
American Cancer Society is a
meaningful remembrance of
loved ones at a time when
meanings are so important
And they help the Society
carry on its important
programs of cancer control.
For more information, contact
your local American Cancer
Society.
I,
AMERICAN
# CANCER
? SOCIETY"
YOUR GREATEST
TRIBUTE...THE
ELIMINATION
OF CANCER.
A Memorial Qift to the
American Cancer Society is a
meaningful remembrance of
loved ones at a time when
meanings are so important
And they help the Society
carry on its important
programs of cancer control.
For more information, contact
your local American Cancer
Society.
I,
AMERICAN
# CANCER
? SOCIETY"
YOUR GREATEST
TRIBUTE...THE
ELIMINATION
OF CANCER.
A Memorial Qift to the
American Cancer Society is a
meaningful remembrance of
loved ones at a time when
meanings are so important
And they help the Society
carry on its important
programs of cancer control.
For more information, contact
your local American Cancer
Society.
I,
AMERICAN
# CANCER
? SOCIETY"
YOUR GREATEST
TRIBUTE...THE
ELIMINATION
OF CANCER.
A Memorial Qift to the
American Cancer Society is a
meaningful remembrance of
loved ones at a time when
meanings are so important
And they help the Society
carry on its important
programs of cancer control.
For more information, contact
your local American Cancer
Society.
I,
AMERICAN
# CANCER
? SOCIETY"
YOUR GREATEST
TRIBUTE...THE
ELIMINATION
OF CANCER.
A Memorial Qift to the
American Cancer Society is a
meaningful remembrance of
loved ones at a time when
meanings are so important
And they help the Society
carry on its important
programs of cancer control.
For more information, contact
your local American Cancer
Society.
I,
AMERICAN
# CANCER
? SOCIETY"
YOUR GREATEST
TRIBUTE...THE
ELIMINATION
OF CANCER.
A Memorial Qift to the
American Cancer Society is a
meaningful remembrance of
loved ones at a time when
meanings are so important
And they help the Society
carry on its important
programs of cancer control.
For more information, contact
your local American Cancer
Society.
I,
AMERICAN
# CANCER
? SOCIETY"
