# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Student Adviser W. L. Miller, '18,
has left for Atlanta, Goorgia, where
he will train for a commission in the
School of Military Aeronautics. As
yet no successor has been appointed
Student Adviser W. L. Miller, '18,
has left for Atlanta, Goorgia, where
he will train for a commission in the
School of Military Aeronautics. As
yet no successor has been appointed
Student Adviser W. L. Miller, '18,
has left for Atlanta, Goorgia, where
he will train for a commission in the
School of Military Aeronautics. As
yet no successor has been appointed
Student Adviser W. L. Miller, '18,
has left for Atlanta, Goorgia, where
he will train for a commission in the
School of Military Aeronautics. As
yet no successor has been appointed
Student Adviser W. L. Miller, '18,
has left for Atlanta, Goorgia, where
he will train for a commission in the
School of Military Aeronautics. As
yet no successor has been appointed
Student Adviser W. L. Miller, '18,
has left for Atlanta, Goorgia, where
he will train for a commission in the
School of Military Aeronautics. As
yet no successor has been appointed
Student Adviser W. L. Miller, '18,
has left for Atlanta, Goorgia, where
he will train for a commission in the
School of Military Aeronautics. As
yet no successor has been appointed
Student Adviser W. L. Miller, '18,
has left for Atlanta, Goorgia, where
he will train for a commission in the
School of Military Aeronautics. As
yet no successor has been appointed
Student Adviser W. L. Miller, '18,
has left for Atlanta, Goorgia, where
he will train for a commission in the
School of Military Aeronautics. As
yet no successor has been appointed
Student Adviser W. L. Miller, '18,
has left for Atlanta, Goorgia, where
he will train for a commission in the
School of Military Aeronautics. As
yet no successor has been appointed
Student Adviser W. L. Miller, '18,
has left for Atlanta, Goorgia, where
he will train for a commission in the
School of Military Aeronautics. As
yet no successor has been appointed
Student Adviser W. L. Miller, '18,
has left for Atlanta, Goorgia, where
he will train for a commission in the
School of Military Aeronautics. As
yet no successor has been appointed
Student Adviser W. L. Miller, '18,
has left for Atlanta, Goorgia, where
he will train for a commission in the
School of Military Aeronautics. As
yet no successor has been appointed
Student Adviser W. L. Miller, '18,
has left for Atlanta, Goorgia, where
he will train for a commission in the
School of Military Aeronautics. As
yet no successor has been appointed
Student Adviser W. L. Miller, '18,
has left for Atlanta, Goorgia, where
he will train for a commission in the
School of Military Aeronautics. As
yet no successor has been appointed
Student Adviser W. L. Miller, '18,
has left for Atlanta, Goorgia, where
he will train for a commission in the
School of Military Aeronautics. As
yet no successor has been appointed
