# LOCAL PRESS TO TURN OUT QUAD
## 
### 
j 'ibis year, for the first time, the
Quad will be printed at Stanford
owing to the recent establishment of
the University Press. This eliminates
j the delay incurred formerly by send
j ing copy and proof to and from a San
! Francisco publishing house. Stanford
1 now takes its place among other large
'universities in minting its own year
book.
A new feature of the 1919 Quad

will be its military section. This is
to he composed chiefly of snapshots
taken of the boys at the training
camps or in France. In order to make
this section as interesting and inclu
sive as possible, the editor, Sam
Briggs, requests that any persons
having photos send them to P. O. Box
1857 as soon as possible. If they
write their names on the back of each
picture these photos will be returned
to the owners after publication
j 'ibis year, for the first time, the
Quad will be printed at Stanford
owing to the recent establishment of
the University Press. This eliminates
j the delay incurred formerly by send
j ing copy and proof to and from a San
! Francisco publishing house. Stanford
1 now takes its place among other large
'universities in minting its own year
book.
A new feature of the 1919 Quad

will be its military section. This is
to he composed chiefly of snapshots
taken of the boys at the training
camps or in France. In order to make
this section as interesting and inclu
sive as possible, the editor, Sam
Briggs, requests that any persons
having photos send them to P. O. Box
1857 as soon as possible. If they
write their names on the back of each
picture these photos will be returned
to the owners after publication
j 'ibis year, for the first time, the
Quad will be printed at Stanford
owing to the recent establishment of
the University Press. This eliminates
j the delay incurred formerly by send
j ing copy and proof to and from a San
! Francisco publishing house. Stanford
1 now takes its place among other large
'universities in minting its own year
book.
A new feature of the 1919 Quad

will be its military section. This is
to he composed chiefly of snapshots
taken of the boys at the training
camps or in France. In order to make
this section as interesting and inclu
sive as possible, the editor, Sam
Briggs, requests that any persons
having photos send them to P. O. Box
1857 as soon as possible. If they
write their names on the back of each
picture these photos will be returned
to the owners after publication
j 'ibis year, for the first time, the
Quad will be printed at Stanford
owing to the recent establishment of
the University Press. This eliminates
j the delay incurred formerly by send
j ing copy and proof to and from a San
! Francisco publishing house. Stanford
1 now takes its place among other large
'universities in minting its own year
book.
A new feature of the 1919 Quad

will be its military section. This is
to he composed chiefly of snapshots
taken of the boys at the training
camps or in France. In order to make
this section as interesting and inclu
sive as possible, the editor, Sam
Briggs, requests that any persons
having photos send them to P. O. Box
1857 as soon as possible. If they
write their names on the back of each
picture these photos will be returned
to the owners after publication
j 'ibis year, for the first time, the
Quad will be printed at Stanford
owing to the recent establishment of
the University Press. This eliminates
j the delay incurred formerly by send
j ing copy and proof to and from a San
! Francisco publishing house. Stanford
1 now takes its place among other large
'universities in minting its own year
book.
A new feature of the 1919 Quad

will be its military section. This is
to he composed chiefly of snapshots
taken of the boys at the training
camps or in France. In order to make
this section as interesting and inclu
sive as possible, the editor, Sam
Briggs, requests that any persons
having photos send them to P. O. Box
1857 as soon as possible. If they
write their names on the back of each
picture these photos will be returned
to the owners after publication
j 'ibis year, for the first time, the
Quad will be printed at Stanford
owing to the recent establishment of
the University Press. This eliminates
j the delay incurred formerly by send
j ing copy and proof to and from a San
! Francisco publishing house. Stanford
1 now takes its place among other large
'universities in minting its own year
book.
A new feature of the 1919 Quad

will be its military section. This is
to he composed chiefly of snapshots
taken of the boys at the training
camps or in France. In order to make
this section as interesting and inclu
sive as possible, the editor, Sam
Briggs, requests that any persons
having photos send them to P. O. Box
1857 as soon as possible. If they
write their names on the back of each
picture these photos will be returned
to the owners after publication
j 'ibis year, for the first time, the
Quad will be printed at Stanford
owing to the recent establishment of
the University Press. This eliminates
j the delay incurred formerly by send
j ing copy and proof to and from a San
! Francisco publishing house. Stanford
1 now takes its place among other large
'universities in minting its own year
book.
A new feature of the 1919 Quad

will be its military section. This is
to he composed chiefly of snapshots
taken of the boys at the training
camps or in France. In order to make
this section as interesting and inclu
sive as possible, the editor, Sam
Briggs, requests that any persons
having photos send them to P. O. Box
1857 as soon as possible. If they
write their names on the back of each
picture these photos will be returned
to the owners after publication
j 'ibis year, for the first time, the
Quad will be printed at Stanford
owing to the recent establishment of
the University Press. This eliminates
j the delay incurred formerly by send
j ing copy and proof to and from a San
! Francisco publishing house. Stanford
1 now takes its place among other large
'universities in minting its own year
book.
A new feature of the 1919 Quad

will be its military section. This is
to he composed chiefly of snapshots
taken of the boys at the training
camps or in France. In order to make
this section as interesting and inclu
sive as possible, the editor, Sam
Briggs, requests that any persons
having photos send them to P. O. Box
1857 as soon as possible. If they
write their names on the back of each
picture these photos will be returned
to the owners after publication
j 'ibis year, for the first time, the
Quad will be printed at Stanford
owing to the recent establishment of
the University Press. This eliminates
j the delay incurred formerly by send
j ing copy and proof to and from a San
! Francisco publishing house. Stanford
1 now takes its place among other large
'universities in minting its own year
book.
A new feature of the 1919 Quad

will be its military section. This is
to he composed chiefly of snapshots
taken of the boys at the training
camps or in France. In order to make
this section as interesting and inclu
sive as possible, the editor, Sam
Briggs, requests that any persons
having photos send them to P. O. Box
1857 as soon as possible. If they
write their names on the back of each
picture these photos will be returned
to the owners after publication
j 'ibis year, for the first time, the
Quad will be printed at Stanford
owing to the recent establishment of
the University Press. This eliminates
j the delay incurred formerly by send
j ing copy and proof to and from a San
! Francisco publishing house. Stanford
1 now takes its place among other large
'universities in minting its own year
book.
A new feature of the 1919 Quad

will be its military section. This is
to he composed chiefly of snapshots
taken of the boys at the training
camps or in France. In order to make
this section as interesting and inclu
sive as possible, the editor, Sam
Briggs, requests that any persons
having photos send them to P. O. Box
1857 as soon as possible. If they
write their names on the back of each
picture these photos will be returned
to the owners after publication
j 'ibis year, for the first time, the
Quad will be printed at Stanford
owing to the recent establishment of
the University Press. This eliminates
j the delay incurred formerly by send
j ing copy and proof to and from a San
! Francisco publishing house. Stanford
1 now takes its place among other large
'universities in minting its own year
book.
A new feature of the 1919 Quad

will be its military section. This is
to he composed chiefly of snapshots
taken of the boys at the training
camps or in France. In order to make
this section as interesting and inclu
sive as possible, the editor, Sam
Briggs, requests that any persons
having photos send them to P. O. Box
1857 as soon as possible. If they
write their names on the back of each
picture these photos will be returned
to the owners after publication
j 'ibis year, for the first time, the
Quad will be printed at Stanford
owing to the recent establishment of
the University Press. This eliminates
j the delay incurred formerly by send
j ing copy and proof to and from a San
! Francisco publishing house. Stanford
1 now takes its place among other large
'universities in minting its own year
book.
A new feature of the 1919 Quad

will be its military section. This is
to he composed chiefly of snapshots
taken of the boys at the training
camps or in France. In order to make
this section as interesting and inclu
sive as possible, the editor, Sam
Briggs, requests that any persons
having photos send them to P. O. Box
1857 as soon as possible. If they
write their names on the back of each
picture these photos will be returned
to the owners after publication
j 'ibis year, for the first time, the
Quad will be printed at Stanford
owing to the recent establishment of
the University Press. This eliminates
j the delay incurred formerly by send
j ing copy and proof to and from a San
! Francisco publishing house. Stanford
1 now takes its place among other large
'universities in minting its own year
book.
A new feature of the 1919 Quad

will be its military section. This is
to he composed chiefly of snapshots
taken of the boys at the training
camps or in France. In order to make
this section as interesting and inclu
sive as possible, the editor, Sam
Briggs, requests that any persons
having photos send them to P. O. Box
1857 as soon as possible. If they
write their names on the back of each
picture these photos will be returned
to the owners after publication
j 'ibis year, for the first time, the
Quad will be printed at Stanford
owing to the recent establishment of
the University Press. This eliminates
j the delay incurred formerly by send
j ing copy and proof to and from a San
! Francisco publishing house. Stanford
1 now takes its place among other large
'universities in minting its own year
book.
A new feature of the 1919 Quad

will be its military section. This is
to he composed chiefly of snapshots
taken of the boys at the training
camps or in France. In order to make
this section as interesting and inclu
sive as possible, the editor, Sam
Briggs, requests that any persons
having photos send them to P. O. Box
1857 as soon as possible. If they
write their names on the back of each
picture these photos will be returned
to the owners after publication
j 'ibis year, for the first time, the
Quad will be printed at Stanford
owing to the recent establishment of
the University Press. This eliminates
j the delay incurred formerly by send
j ing copy and proof to and from a San
! Francisco publishing house. Stanford
1 now takes its place among other large
'universities in minting its own year
book.
A new feature of the 1919 Quad

will be its military section. This is
to he composed chiefly of snapshots
taken of the boys at the training
camps or in France. In order to make
this section as interesting and inclu
sive as possible, the editor, Sam
Briggs, requests that any persons
having photos send them to P. O. Box
1857 as soon as possible. If they
write their names on the back of each
picture these photos will be returned
to the owners after publication
j 'ibis year, for the first time, the
Quad will be printed at Stanford
owing to the recent establishment of
the University Press. This eliminates
j the delay incurred formerly by send
j ing copy and proof to and from a San
! Francisco publishing house. Stanford
1 now takes its place among other large
'universities in minting its own year
book.
A new feature of the 1919 Quad

will be its military section. This is
to he composed chiefly of snapshots
taken of the boys at the training
camps or in France. In order to make
this section as interesting and inclu
sive as possible, the editor, Sam
Briggs, requests that any persons
having photos send them to P. O. Box
1857 as soon as possible. If they
write their names on the back of each
picture these photos will be returned
to the owners after publication
