# EASTERN OPPONENTS MAKE FINE STARTS
## 
### 
Stanford's two intersect ional op
ponents showed to Rood advantage
in their opening encounters last
Saturday. Dartmouth College,
whose team meets the Redshirts
here November 211, swamped Nor
wich by a score of 79 to 0. The
Minnesota Gophers ran rough-shod
over South Dakota State, winning
48-0. The Cards meet. Minnesota at
Minneapolis on October 11.
Stanford's two intersect ional op
ponents showed to Rood advantage
in their opening encounters last
Saturday. Dartmouth College,
whose team meets the Redshirts
here November 211, swamped Nor
wich by a score of 79 to 0. The
Minnesota Gophers ran rough-shod
over South Dakota State, winning
48-0. The Cards meet. Minnesota at
Minneapolis on October 11.
Stanford's two intersect ional op
ponents showed to Rood advantage
in their opening encounters last
Saturday. Dartmouth College,
whose team meets the Redshirts
here November 211, swamped Nor
wich by a score of 79 to 0. The
Minnesota Gophers ran rough-shod
over South Dakota State, winning
48-0. The Cards meet. Minnesota at
Minneapolis on October 11.
Stanford's two intersect ional op
ponents showed to Rood advantage
in their opening encounters last
Saturday. Dartmouth College,
whose team meets the Redshirts
here November 211, swamped Nor
wich by a score of 79 to 0. The
Minnesota Gophers ran rough-shod
over South Dakota State, winning
48-0. The Cards meet. Minnesota at
Minneapolis on October 11.
Stanford's two intersect ional op
ponents showed to Rood advantage
in their opening encounters last
Saturday. Dartmouth College,
whose team meets the Redshirts
here November 211, swamped Nor
wich by a score of 79 to 0. The
Minnesota Gophers ran rough-shod
over South Dakota State, winning
48-0. The Cards meet. Minnesota at
Minneapolis on October 11.
Stanford's two intersect ional op
ponents showed to Rood advantage
in their opening encounters last
Saturday. Dartmouth College,
whose team meets the Redshirts
here November 211, swamped Nor
wich by a score of 79 to 0. The
Minnesota Gophers ran rough-shod
over South Dakota State, winning
48-0. The Cards meet. Minnesota at
Minneapolis on October 11.
Stanford's two intersect ional op
ponents showed to Rood advantage
in their opening encounters last
Saturday. Dartmouth College,
whose team meets the Redshirts
here November 211, swamped Nor
wich by a score of 79 to 0. The
Minnesota Gophers ran rough-shod
over South Dakota State, winning
48-0. The Cards meet. Minnesota at
Minneapolis on October 11.
Stanford's two intersect ional op
ponents showed to Rood advantage
in their opening encounters last
Saturday. Dartmouth College,
whose team meets the Redshirts
here November 211, swamped Nor
wich by a score of 79 to 0. The
Minnesota Gophers ran rough-shod
over South Dakota State, winning
48-0. The Cards meet. Minnesota at
Minneapolis on October 11.
Stanford's two intersect ional op
ponents showed to Rood advantage
in their opening encounters last
Saturday. Dartmouth College,
whose team meets the Redshirts
here November 211, swamped Nor
wich by a score of 79 to 0. The
Minnesota Gophers ran rough-shod
over South Dakota State, winning
48-0. The Cards meet. Minnesota at
Minneapolis on October 11.
Stanford's two intersect ional op
ponents showed to Rood advantage
in their opening encounters last
Saturday. Dartmouth College,
whose team meets the Redshirts
here November 211, swamped Nor
wich by a score of 79 to 0. The
Minnesota Gophers ran rough-shod
over South Dakota State, winning
48-0. The Cards meet. Minnesota at
Minneapolis on October 11.
Stanford's two intersect ional op
ponents showed to Rood advantage
in their opening encounters last
Saturday. Dartmouth College,
whose team meets the Redshirts
here November 211, swamped Nor
wich by a score of 79 to 0. The
Minnesota Gophers ran rough-shod
over South Dakota State, winning
48-0. The Cards meet. Minnesota at
Minneapolis on October 11.
Stanford's two intersect ional op
ponents showed to Rood advantage
in their opening encounters last
Saturday. Dartmouth College,
whose team meets the Redshirts
here November 211, swamped Nor
wich by a score of 79 to 0. The
Minnesota Gophers ran rough-shod
over South Dakota State, winning
48-0. The Cards meet. Minnesota at
Minneapolis on October 11.
Stanford's two intersect ional op
ponents showed to Rood advantage
in their opening encounters last
Saturday. Dartmouth College,
whose team meets the Redshirts
here November 211, swamped Nor
wich by a score of 79 to 0. The
Minnesota Gophers ran rough-shod
over South Dakota State, winning
48-0. The Cards meet. Minnesota at
Minneapolis on October 11.
Stanford's two intersect ional op
ponents showed to Rood advantage
in their opening encounters last
Saturday. Dartmouth College,
whose team meets the Redshirts
here November 211, swamped Nor
wich by a score of 79 to 0. The
Minnesota Gophers ran rough-shod
over South Dakota State, winning
48-0. The Cards meet. Minnesota at
Minneapolis on October 11.
Stanford's two intersect ional op
ponents showed to Rood advantage
in their opening encounters last
Saturday. Dartmouth College,
whose team meets the Redshirts
here November 211, swamped Nor
wich by a score of 79 to 0. The
Minnesota Gophers ran rough-shod
over South Dakota State, winning
48-0. The Cards meet. Minnesota at
Minneapolis on October 11.
Stanford's two intersect ional op
ponents showed to Rood advantage
in their opening encounters last
Saturday. Dartmouth College,
whose team meets the Redshirts
here November 211, swamped Nor
wich by a score of 79 to 0. The
Minnesota Gophers ran rough-shod
over South Dakota State, winning
48-0. The Cards meet. Minnesota at
Minneapolis on October 11.
Stanford's two intersect ional op
ponents showed to Rood advantage
in their opening encounters last
Saturday. Dartmouth College,
whose team meets the Redshirts
here November 211, swamped Nor
wich by a score of 79 to 0. The
Minnesota Gophers ran rough-shod
over South Dakota State, winning
48-0. The Cards meet. Minnesota at
Minneapolis on October 11.
