# MUCH IMPROVEMENT SHOWN BY JORDAN
## 
### 
Dr. David Starr Jordan, first presi
dent "i Stan lord and chancellor em
eritus of the I'niversity, has made
excellent progress during the past
summer, lie is able to take three
walking lessons each week. Last year
it was feared that Dr. Jordan would
never walk again.
Dr. David Starr Jordan, first presi
dent "i Stan lord and chancellor em
eritus of the I'niversity, has made
excellent progress during the past
summer, lie is able to take three
walking lessons each week. Last year
it was feared that Dr. Jordan would
never walk again.
Dr. David Starr Jordan, first presi
dent "i Stan lord and chancellor em
eritus of the I'niversity, has made
excellent progress during the past
summer, lie is able to take three
walking lessons each week. Last year
it was feared that Dr. Jordan would
never walk again.
Dr. David Starr Jordan, first presi
dent "i Stan lord and chancellor em
eritus of the I'niversity, has made
excellent progress during the past
summer, lie is able to take three
walking lessons each week. Last year
it was feared that Dr. Jordan would
never walk again.
Dr. David Starr Jordan, first presi
dent "i Stan lord and chancellor em
eritus of the I'niversity, has made
excellent progress during the past
summer, lie is able to take three
walking lessons each week. Last year
it was feared that Dr. Jordan would
never walk again.
Dr. David Starr Jordan, first presi
dent "i Stan lord and chancellor em
eritus of the I'niversity, has made
excellent progress during the past
summer, lie is able to take three
walking lessons each week. Last year
it was feared that Dr. Jordan would
never walk again.
Dr. David Starr Jordan, first presi
dent "i Stan lord and chancellor em
eritus of the I'niversity, has made
excellent progress during the past
summer, lie is able to take three
walking lessons each week. Last year
it was feared that Dr. Jordan would
never walk again.
Dr. David Starr Jordan, first presi
dent "i Stan lord and chancellor em
eritus of the I'niversity, has made
excellent progress during the past
summer, lie is able to take three
walking lessons each week. Last year
it was feared that Dr. Jordan would
never walk again.
Dr. David Starr Jordan, first presi
dent "i Stan lord and chancellor em
eritus of the I'niversity, has made
excellent progress during the past
summer, lie is able to take three
walking lessons each week. Last year
it was feared that Dr. Jordan would
never walk again.
Dr. David Starr Jordan, first presi
dent "i Stan lord and chancellor em
eritus of the I'niversity, has made
excellent progress during the past
summer, lie is able to take three
walking lessons each week. Last year
it was feared that Dr. Jordan would
never walk again.
Dr. David Starr Jordan, first presi
dent "i Stan lord and chancellor em
eritus of the I'niversity, has made
excellent progress during the past
summer, lie is able to take three
walking lessons each week. Last year
it was feared that Dr. Jordan would
never walk again.
Dr. David Starr Jordan, first presi
dent "i Stan lord and chancellor em
eritus of the I'niversity, has made
excellent progress during the past
summer, lie is able to take three
walking lessons each week. Last year
it was feared that Dr. Jordan would
never walk again.
Dr. David Starr Jordan, first presi
dent "i Stan lord and chancellor em
eritus of the I'niversity, has made
excellent progress during the past
summer, lie is able to take three
walking lessons each week. Last year
it was feared that Dr. Jordan would
never walk again.
Dr. David Starr Jordan, first presi
dent "i Stan lord and chancellor em
eritus of the I'niversity, has made
excellent progress during the past
summer, lie is able to take three
walking lessons each week. Last year
it was feared that Dr. Jordan would
never walk again.
Dr. David Starr Jordan, first presi
dent "i Stan lord and chancellor em
eritus of the I'niversity, has made
excellent progress during the past
summer, lie is able to take three
walking lessons each week. Last year
it was feared that Dr. Jordan would
never walk again.
Dr. David Starr Jordan, first presi
dent "i Stan lord and chancellor em
eritus of the I'niversity, has made
excellent progress during the past
summer, lie is able to take three
walking lessons each week. Last year
it was feared that Dr. Jordan would
never walk again.
Dr. David Starr Jordan, first presi
dent "i Stan lord and chancellor em
eritus of the I'niversity, has made
excellent progress during the past
summer, lie is able to take three
walking lessons each week. Last year
it was feared that Dr. Jordan would
never walk again.
