# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The French bought the famous
statue of Venus de Milo for only
J3OO.
The French bought the famous
statue of Venus de Milo for only
J3OO.
The French bought the famous
statue of Venus de Milo for only
J3OO.
The French bought the famous
statue of Venus de Milo for only
J3OO.
The French bought the famous
statue of Venus de Milo for only
J3OO.
The French bought the famous
statue of Venus de Milo for only
J3OO.
The French bought the famous
statue of Venus de Milo for only
J3OO.
The French bought the famous
statue of Venus de Milo for only
J3OO.
The French bought the famous
statue of Venus de Milo for only
J3OO.
The French bought the famous
statue of Venus de Milo for only
J3OO.
The French bought the famous
statue of Venus de Milo for only
J3OO.
The French bought the famous
statue of Venus de Milo for only
J3OO.
The French bought the famous
statue of Venus de Milo for only
J3OO.
The French bought the famous
statue of Venus de Milo for only
J3OO.
The French bought the famous
statue of Venus de Milo for only
J3OO.
The French bought the famous
statue of Venus de Milo for only
J3OO.
The French bought the famous
statue of Venus de Milo for only
J3OO.
