# Adv. 13 Page 4
## 
### 
BLUSHINCLY
We admit a certain pride
in having heard ourselves
mentioned on Les Mal
loy's KYA show yesterday.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
ENGINEERS
OPPORTUNITY
United Air Lines is anxious
to interview young men with
Engineering background in
cither of the following fields
â€”ME, EE, Aero, or combina
tions of these. Work at San
Francisco Airport, pleasant
surroundings. Co. benefits
of Life Ins., Accident Or
Hosp. Benefits, Retirement
Program, Vacation with pay.
Travel Benefits Passes and
Co. Medical Benefits. Con
tact Mr. Lambert, PLACE
MENT SERVICE for details
and appointment with Co.
Rep.
UNITED
AIR LINES
