# Farm Co-Sponsors Vocational Meeting
## 
### 
Stanford will join the San Jose
Chamber of Commerce, Santa Clara
University, and San Jose State Col
lege in sponsoring the Santa Clara
County Vocational Conference at the
San Jose Auditorium tonight at 7.
Subject of the discussion will be
the long run implications of a mili
tary preparedness program on em
ployment. Students interested in
Santa Clara County as a residence or
place to work are invited.
Stanford will join the San Jose
Chamber of Commerce, Santa Clara
University, and San Jose State Col
lege in sponsoring the Santa Clara
County Vocational Conference at the
San Jose Auditorium tonight at 7.
Subject of the discussion will be
the long run implications of a mili
tary preparedness program on em
ployment. Students interested in
Santa Clara County as a residence or
place to work are invited.
Stanford will join the San Jose
Chamber of Commerce, Santa Clara
University, and San Jose State Col
lege in sponsoring the Santa Clara
County Vocational Conference at the
San Jose Auditorium tonight at 7.
Subject of the discussion will be
the long run implications of a mili
tary preparedness program on em
ployment. Students interested in
Santa Clara County as a residence or
place to work are invited.
Stanford will join the San Jose
Chamber of Commerce, Santa Clara
University, and San Jose State Col
lege in sponsoring the Santa Clara
County Vocational Conference at the
San Jose Auditorium tonight at 7.
Subject of the discussion will be
the long run implications of a mili
tary preparedness program on em
ployment. Students interested in
Santa Clara County as a residence or
place to work are invited.
Stanford will join the San Jose
Chamber of Commerce, Santa Clara
University, and San Jose State Col
lege in sponsoring the Santa Clara
County Vocational Conference at the
San Jose Auditorium tonight at 7.
Subject of the discussion will be
the long run implications of a mili
tary preparedness program on em
ployment. Students interested in
Santa Clara County as a residence or
place to work are invited.
Stanford will join the San Jose
Chamber of Commerce, Santa Clara
University, and San Jose State Col
lege in sponsoring the Santa Clara
County Vocational Conference at the
San Jose Auditorium tonight at 7.
Subject of the discussion will be
the long run implications of a mili
tary preparedness program on em
ployment. Students interested in
Santa Clara County as a residence or
place to work are invited.
Stanford will join the San Jose
Chamber of Commerce, Santa Clara
University, and San Jose State Col
lege in sponsoring the Santa Clara
County Vocational Conference at the
San Jose Auditorium tonight at 7.
Subject of the discussion will be
the long run implications of a mili
tary preparedness program on em
ployment. Students interested in
Santa Clara County as a residence or
place to work are invited.
Stanford will join the San Jose
Chamber of Commerce, Santa Clara
University, and San Jose State Col
lege in sponsoring the Santa Clara
County Vocational Conference at the
San Jose Auditorium tonight at 7.
Subject of the discussion will be
the long run implications of a mili
tary preparedness program on em
ployment. Students interested in
Santa Clara County as a residence or
place to work are invited.
Stanford will join the San Jose
Chamber of Commerce, Santa Clara
University, and San Jose State Col
lege in sponsoring the Santa Clara
County Vocational Conference at the
San Jose Auditorium tonight at 7.
Subject of the discussion will be
the long run implications of a mili
tary preparedness program on em
ployment. Students interested in
Santa Clara County as a residence or
place to work are invited.
Stanford will join the San Jose
Chamber of Commerce, Santa Clara
University, and San Jose State Col
lege in sponsoring the Santa Clara
County Vocational Conference at the
San Jose Auditorium tonight at 7.
Subject of the discussion will be
the long run implications of a mili
tary preparedness program on em
ployment. Students interested in
Santa Clara County as a residence or
place to work are invited.
Stanford will join the San Jose
Chamber of Commerce, Santa Clara
University, and San Jose State Col
lege in sponsoring the Santa Clara
County Vocational Conference at the
San Jose Auditorium tonight at 7.
Subject of the discussion will be
the long run implications of a mili
tary preparedness program on em
ployment. Students interested in
Santa Clara County as a residence or
place to work are invited.
Stanford will join the San Jose
Chamber of Commerce, Santa Clara
University, and San Jose State Col
lege in sponsoring the Santa Clara
County Vocational Conference at the
San Jose Auditorium tonight at 7.
Subject of the discussion will be
the long run implications of a mili
tary preparedness program on em
ployment. Students interested in
Santa Clara County as a residence or
place to work are invited.
Stanford will join the San Jose
Chamber of Commerce, Santa Clara
University, and San Jose State Col
lege in sponsoring the Santa Clara
County Vocational Conference at the
San Jose Auditorium tonight at 7.
Subject of the discussion will be
the long run implications of a mili
tary preparedness program on em
ployment. Students interested in
Santa Clara County as a residence or
place to work are invited.
Stanford will join the San Jose
Chamber of Commerce, Santa Clara
University, and San Jose State Col
lege in sponsoring the Santa Clara
County Vocational Conference at the
San Jose Auditorium tonight at 7.
Subject of the discussion will be
the long run implications of a mili
tary preparedness program on em
ployment. Students interested in
Santa Clara County as a residence or
place to work are invited.
Stanford will join the San Jose
Chamber of Commerce, Santa Clara
University, and San Jose State Col
lege in sponsoring the Santa Clara
County Vocational Conference at the
San Jose Auditorium tonight at 7.
Subject of the discussion will be
the long run implications of a mili
tary preparedness program on em
ployment. Students interested in
Santa Clara County as a residence or
place to work are invited.
