# NEW SCIENCE GROUP
## 
### 
Ihe Federation of American Sci
entists will hold a meeting tonight
at >S in Room .372, Physics Building,
for the purpose of organizing the
first Western college chapter at
Stanford.
The recently formed national or
ganization is designed for educa
tional and informational purposes,
according to Robert Fechter, tem
porary acting chairman at Stanford.
Ihe Federation of American Sci
entists will hold a meeting tonight
at >S in Room .372, Physics Building,
for the purpose of organizing the
first Western college chapter at
Stanford.
The recently formed national or
ganization is designed for educa
tional and informational purposes,
according to Robert Fechter, tem
porary acting chairman at Stanford.
Ihe Federation of American Sci
entists will hold a meeting tonight
at >S in Room .372, Physics Building,
for the purpose of organizing the
first Western college chapter at
Stanford.
The recently formed national or
ganization is designed for educa
tional and informational purposes,
according to Robert Fechter, tem
porary acting chairman at Stanford.
Ihe Federation of American Sci
entists will hold a meeting tonight
at >S in Room .372, Physics Building,
for the purpose of organizing the
first Western college chapter at
Stanford.
The recently formed national or
ganization is designed for educa
tional and informational purposes,
according to Robert Fechter, tem
porary acting chairman at Stanford.
Ihe Federation of American Sci
entists will hold a meeting tonight
at >S in Room .372, Physics Building,
for the purpose of organizing the
first Western college chapter at
Stanford.
The recently formed national or
ganization is designed for educa
tional and informational purposes,
according to Robert Fechter, tem
porary acting chairman at Stanford.
Ihe Federation of American Sci
entists will hold a meeting tonight
at >S in Room .372, Physics Building,
for the purpose of organizing the
first Western college chapter at
Stanford.
The recently formed national or
ganization is designed for educa
tional and informational purposes,
according to Robert Fechter, tem
porary acting chairman at Stanford.
Ihe Federation of American Sci
entists will hold a meeting tonight
at >S in Room .372, Physics Building,
for the purpose of organizing the
first Western college chapter at
Stanford.
The recently formed national or
ganization is designed for educa
tional and informational purposes,
according to Robert Fechter, tem
porary acting chairman at Stanford.
Ihe Federation of American Sci
entists will hold a meeting tonight
at >S in Room .372, Physics Building,
for the purpose of organizing the
first Western college chapter at
Stanford.
The recently formed national or
ganization is designed for educa
tional and informational purposes,
according to Robert Fechter, tem
porary acting chairman at Stanford.
Ihe Federation of American Sci
entists will hold a meeting tonight
at >S in Room .372, Physics Building,
for the purpose of organizing the
first Western college chapter at
Stanford.
The recently formed national or
ganization is designed for educa
tional and informational purposes,
according to Robert Fechter, tem
porary acting chairman at Stanford.
Ihe Federation of American Sci
entists will hold a meeting tonight
at >S in Room .372, Physics Building,
for the purpose of organizing the
first Western college chapter at
Stanford.
The recently formed national or
ganization is designed for educa
tional and informational purposes,
according to Robert Fechter, tem
porary acting chairman at Stanford.
Ihe Federation of American Sci
entists will hold a meeting tonight
at >S in Room .372, Physics Building,
for the purpose of organizing the
first Western college chapter at
Stanford.
The recently formed national or
ganization is designed for educa
tional and informational purposes,
according to Robert Fechter, tem
porary acting chairman at Stanford.
Ihe Federation of American Sci
entists will hold a meeting tonight
at >S in Room .372, Physics Building,
for the purpose of organizing the
first Western college chapter at
Stanford.
The recently formed national or
ganization is designed for educa
tional and informational purposes,
according to Robert Fechter, tem
porary acting chairman at Stanford.
Ihe Federation of American Sci
entists will hold a meeting tonight
at >S in Room .372, Physics Building,
for the purpose of organizing the
first Western college chapter at
Stanford.
The recently formed national or
ganization is designed for educa
tional and informational purposes,
according to Robert Fechter, tem
porary acting chairman at Stanford.
Ihe Federation of American Sci
entists will hold a meeting tonight
at >S in Room .372, Physics Building,
for the purpose of organizing the
first Western college chapter at
Stanford.
The recently formed national or
ganization is designed for educa
tional and informational purposes,
according to Robert Fechter, tem
porary acting chairman at Stanford.
Ihe Federation of American Sci
entists will hold a meeting tonight
at >S in Room .372, Physics Building,
for the purpose of organizing the
first Western college chapter at
Stanford.
The recently formed national or
ganization is designed for educa
tional and informational purposes,
according to Robert Fechter, tem
porary acting chairman at Stanford.
