# Untitled Article
## 
### 
KZSU ELECTIONS will be held
from now until 2:30 p.m. tomor
row. Cast ballots at the KZSU
office downstairs in Memorial
Auditorium.
KZSU ELECTIONS will be held
from now until 2:30 p.m. tomor
row. Cast ballots at the KZSU
office downstairs in Memorial
Auditorium.
KZSU ELECTIONS will be held
from now until 2:30 p.m. tomor
row. Cast ballots at the KZSU
office downstairs in Memorial
Auditorium.
KZSU ELECTIONS will be held
from now until 2:30 p.m. tomor
row. Cast ballots at the KZSU
office downstairs in Memorial
Auditorium.
KZSU ELECTIONS will be held
from now until 2:30 p.m. tomor
row. Cast ballots at the KZSU
office downstairs in Memorial
Auditorium.
KZSU ELECTIONS will be held
from now until 2:30 p.m. tomor
row. Cast ballots at the KZSU
office downstairs in Memorial
Auditorium.
KZSU ELECTIONS will be held
from now until 2:30 p.m. tomor
row. Cast ballots at the KZSU
office downstairs in Memorial
Auditorium.
KZSU ELECTIONS will be held
from now until 2:30 p.m. tomor
row. Cast ballots at the KZSU
office downstairs in Memorial
Auditorium.
KZSU ELECTIONS will be held
from now until 2:30 p.m. tomor
row. Cast ballots at the KZSU
office downstairs in Memorial
Auditorium.
KZSU ELECTIONS will be held
from now until 2:30 p.m. tomor
row. Cast ballots at the KZSU
office downstairs in Memorial
Auditorium.
KZSU ELECTIONS will be held
from now until 2:30 p.m. tomor
row. Cast ballots at the KZSU
office downstairs in Memorial
Auditorium.
KZSU ELECTIONS will be held
from now until 2:30 p.m. tomor
row. Cast ballots at the KZSU
office downstairs in Memorial
Auditorium.
KZSU ELECTIONS will be held
from now until 2:30 p.m. tomor
row. Cast ballots at the KZSU
office downstairs in Memorial
Auditorium.
KZSU ELECTIONS will be held
from now until 2:30 p.m. tomor
row. Cast ballots at the KZSU
office downstairs in Memorial
Auditorium.
KZSU ELECTIONS will be held
from now until 2:30 p.m. tomor
row. Cast ballots at the KZSU
office downstairs in Memorial
Auditorium.
