# Announcement.
## 
### 
Carnot Debate. â€” The fourth
annual debate for the Carnot
medal will be held at the Univer
sity of California on Friday even
ing, February 4, 1898. The sub
ject for preparation is "The colo
nial policy of the Third Republic."
The question for debate will be an
nounced one week before the con
test. The side of the question
which each speaker shall take will
be determined by lot the day pre
ceding the contest. Each competi
tor may speak twice if he wishes,
but shall not speak longer than
fifteen minutes altogether. Spon
taneity, excellence of reasoning,
style, and delivery will be consid
ered in determining the award, as
well as acquaintance with French
politics. Thos. R. Bacon,
E. A. Ross.
