# San Francisco Players Arrive.
## 
### 
The San Francisco professionals
arrived this afternoon and appeared
on the campus diamond for their
first practice. The men will be
given light work for a few days
until the strain of beginning the
season's work has worn off, when
practice games with the Varsity
will be played. The professionals
are stopping in Palo Alto and will
come out to the campus every
morning for practice.
The San Francisco professionals
arrived this afternoon and appeared
on the campus diamond for their
first practice. The men will be
given light work for a few days
until the strain of beginning the
season's work has worn off, when
practice games with the Varsity
will be played. The professionals
are stopping in Palo Alto and will
come out to the campus every
morning for practice.
The San Francisco professionals
arrived this afternoon and appeared
on the campus diamond for their
first practice. The men will be
given light work for a few days
until the strain of beginning the
season's work has worn off, when
practice games with the Varsity
will be played. The professionals
are stopping in Palo Alto and will
come out to the campus every
morning for practice.
The San Francisco professionals
arrived this afternoon and appeared
on the campus diamond for their
first practice. The men will be
given light work for a few days
until the strain of beginning the
season's work has worn off, when
practice games with the Varsity
will be played. The professionals
are stopping in Palo Alto and will
come out to the campus every
morning for practice.
The San Francisco professionals
arrived this afternoon and appeared
on the campus diamond for their
first practice. The men will be
given light work for a few days
until the strain of beginning the
season's work has worn off, when
practice games with the Varsity
will be played. The professionals
are stopping in Palo Alto and will
come out to the campus every
morning for practice.
The San Francisco professionals
arrived this afternoon and appeared
on the campus diamond for their
first practice. The men will be
given light work for a few days
until the strain of beginning the
season's work has worn off, when
practice games with the Varsity
will be played. The professionals
are stopping in Palo Alto and will
come out to the campus every
morning for practice.
The San Francisco professionals
arrived this afternoon and appeared
on the campus diamond for their
first practice. The men will be
given light work for a few days
until the strain of beginning the
season's work has worn off, when
practice games with the Varsity
will be played. The professionals
are stopping in Palo Alto and will
come out to the campus every
morning for practice.
The San Francisco professionals
arrived this afternoon and appeared
on the campus diamond for their
first practice. The men will be
given light work for a few days
until the strain of beginning the
season's work has worn off, when
practice games with the Varsity
will be played. The professionals
are stopping in Palo Alto and will
come out to the campus every
morning for practice.
