# Untitled Article
## 
### 
In the University Calendar, which
appears on the third page of this
issue, it is planned to give a stand
ing schedule of events that are to
occur during the semester. When
ever any date of importance is
fixed, it will be inserted, thus mak
ing the calendar convenient for ref
erence l>y committees or individuals
who wish to avoid conflicts in ar
ranging events.
In the University Calendar, which
appears on the third page of this
issue, it is planned to give a stand
ing schedule of events that are to
occur during the semester. When
ever any date of importance is
fixed, it will be inserted, thus mak
ing the calendar convenient for ref
erence l>y committees or individuals
who wish to avoid conflicts in ar
ranging events.
In the University Calendar, which
appears on the third page of this
issue, it is planned to give a stand
ing schedule of events that are to
occur during the semester. When
ever any date of importance is
fixed, it will be inserted, thus mak
ing the calendar convenient for ref
erence l>y committees or individuals
who wish to avoid conflicts in ar
ranging events.
In the University Calendar, which
appears on the third page of this
issue, it is planned to give a stand
ing schedule of events that are to
occur during the semester. When
ever any date of importance is
fixed, it will be inserted, thus mak
ing the calendar convenient for ref
erence l>y committees or individuals
who wish to avoid conflicts in ar
ranging events.
In the University Calendar, which
appears on the third page of this
issue, it is planned to give a stand
ing schedule of events that are to
occur during the semester. When
ever any date of importance is
fixed, it will be inserted, thus mak
ing the calendar convenient for ref
erence l>y committees or individuals
who wish to avoid conflicts in ar
ranging events.
In the University Calendar, which
appears on the third page of this
issue, it is planned to give a stand
ing schedule of events that are to
occur during the semester. When
ever any date of importance is
fixed, it will be inserted, thus mak
ing the calendar convenient for ref
erence l>y committees or individuals
who wish to avoid conflicts in ar
ranging events.
In the University Calendar, which
appears on the third page of this
issue, it is planned to give a stand
ing schedule of events that are to
occur during the semester. When
ever any date of importance is
fixed, it will be inserted, thus mak
ing the calendar convenient for ref
erence l>y committees or individuals
who wish to avoid conflicts in ar
ranging events.
In the University Calendar, which
appears on the third page of this
issue, it is planned to give a stand
ing schedule of events that are to
occur during the semester. When
ever any date of importance is
fixed, it will be inserted, thus mak
ing the calendar convenient for ref
erence l>y committees or individuals
who wish to avoid conflicts in ar
ranging events.
