# Open House Held By Inter-Varsity
## 
### 
Inter-Varsity Society will hold an
open house for new and old students
in the Lower Lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse Mondcjy. ? ;jight at 7:30.
After-dinner coffe,e will be served,
and students will haVe the opportu
nity to meet Inter-Varsity members
and become acquainted with the
group's activities, according to Mar
ian Madden, president.
Dr. Francis Russell, Inter-Varsity
adviser, will give a short talk on
"The Origin of the Bible," and Miss
Madden will discuss the foundation
of Inter-Varsity in England and its

subsequent growth over the world.
"This quarter, plans for Inter-Var
sity meetings include both a study of
the Bible under the leadership of Dr.
Russell and discussions of current
religious problems, as well as some
social' functions," said Miss Madden.
Inter-Varsity Society will hold an
open house for new and old students
in the Lower Lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse Mondcjy. ? ;jight at 7:30.
After-dinner coffe,e will be served,
and students will haVe the opportu
nity to meet Inter-Varsity members
and become acquainted with the
group's activities, according to Mar
ian Madden, president.
Dr. Francis Russell, Inter-Varsity
adviser, will give a short talk on
"The Origin of the Bible," and Miss
Madden will discuss the foundation
of Inter-Varsity in England and its

subsequent growth over the world.
"This quarter, plans for Inter-Var
sity meetings include both a study of
the Bible under the leadership of Dr.
Russell and discussions of current
religious problems, as well as some
social' functions," said Miss Madden.
Inter-Varsity Society will hold an
open house for new and old students
in the Lower Lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse Mondcjy. ? ;jight at 7:30.
After-dinner coffe,e will be served,
and students will haVe the opportu
nity to meet Inter-Varsity members
and become acquainted with the
group's activities, according to Mar
ian Madden, president.
Dr. Francis Russell, Inter-Varsity
adviser, will give a short talk on
"The Origin of the Bible," and Miss
Madden will discuss the foundation
of Inter-Varsity in England and its

subsequent growth over the world.
"This quarter, plans for Inter-Var
sity meetings include both a study of
the Bible under the leadership of Dr.
Russell and discussions of current
religious problems, as well as some
social' functions," said Miss Madden.
Inter-Varsity Society will hold an
open house for new and old students
in the Lower Lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse Mondcjy. ? ;jight at 7:30.
After-dinner coffe,e will be served,
and students will haVe the opportu
nity to meet Inter-Varsity members
and become acquainted with the
group's activities, according to Mar
ian Madden, president.
Dr. Francis Russell, Inter-Varsity
adviser, will give a short talk on
"The Origin of the Bible," and Miss
Madden will discuss the foundation
of Inter-Varsity in England and its

subsequent growth over the world.
"This quarter, plans for Inter-Var
sity meetings include both a study of
the Bible under the leadership of Dr.
Russell and discussions of current
religious problems, as well as some
social' functions," said Miss Madden.
Inter-Varsity Society will hold an
open house for new and old students
in the Lower Lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse Mondcjy. ? ;jight at 7:30.
After-dinner coffe,e will be served,
and students will haVe the opportu
nity to meet Inter-Varsity members
and become acquainted with the
group's activities, according to Mar
ian Madden, president.
Dr. Francis Russell, Inter-Varsity
adviser, will give a short talk on
"The Origin of the Bible," and Miss
Madden will discuss the foundation
of Inter-Varsity in England and its

subsequent growth over the world.
"This quarter, plans for Inter-Var
sity meetings include both a study of
the Bible under the leadership of Dr.
Russell and discussions of current
religious problems, as well as some
social' functions," said Miss Madden.
Inter-Varsity Society will hold an
open house for new and old students
in the Lower Lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse Mondcjy. ? ;jight at 7:30.
After-dinner coffe,e will be served,
and students will haVe the opportu
nity to meet Inter-Varsity members
and become acquainted with the
group's activities, according to Mar
ian Madden, president.
Dr. Francis Russell, Inter-Varsity
adviser, will give a short talk on
"The Origin of the Bible," and Miss
Madden will discuss the foundation
of Inter-Varsity in England and its

subsequent growth over the world.
"This quarter, plans for Inter-Var
sity meetings include both a study of
the Bible under the leadership of Dr.
Russell and discussions of current
religious problems, as well as some
social' functions," said Miss Madden.
Inter-Varsity Society will hold an
open house for new and old students
in the Lower Lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse Mondcjy. ? ;jight at 7:30.
After-dinner coffe,e will be served,
and students will haVe the opportu
nity to meet Inter-Varsity members
and become acquainted with the
group's activities, according to Mar
ian Madden, president.
Dr. Francis Russell, Inter-Varsity
adviser, will give a short talk on
"The Origin of the Bible," and Miss
Madden will discuss the foundation
of Inter-Varsity in England and its

subsequent growth over the world.
"This quarter, plans for Inter-Var
sity meetings include both a study of
the Bible under the leadership of Dr.
Russell and discussions of current
religious problems, as well as some
social' functions," said Miss Madden.
Inter-Varsity Society will hold an
open house for new and old students
in the Lower Lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse Mondcjy. ? ;jight at 7:30.
After-dinner coffe,e will be served,
and students will haVe the opportu
nity to meet Inter-Varsity members
and become acquainted with the
group's activities, according to Mar
ian Madden, president.
Dr. Francis Russell, Inter-Varsity
adviser, will give a short talk on
"The Origin of the Bible," and Miss
Madden will discuss the foundation
of Inter-Varsity in England and its

subsequent growth over the world.
"This quarter, plans for Inter-Var
sity meetings include both a study of
the Bible under the leadership of Dr.
Russell and discussions of current
religious problems, as well as some
social' functions," said Miss Madden.
Inter-Varsity Society will hold an
open house for new and old students
in the Lower Lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse Mondcjy. ? ;jight at 7:30.
After-dinner coffe,e will be served,
and students will haVe the opportu
nity to meet Inter-Varsity members
and become acquainted with the
group's activities, according to Mar
ian Madden, president.
Dr. Francis Russell, Inter-Varsity
adviser, will give a short talk on
"The Origin of the Bible," and Miss
Madden will discuss the foundation
of Inter-Varsity in England and its

subsequent growth over the world.
"This quarter, plans for Inter-Var
sity meetings include both a study of
the Bible under the leadership of Dr.
Russell and discussions of current
religious problems, as well as some
social' functions," said Miss Madden.
Inter-Varsity Society will hold an
open house for new and old students
in the Lower Lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse Mondcjy. ? ;jight at 7:30.
After-dinner coffe,e will be served,
and students will haVe the opportu
nity to meet Inter-Varsity members
and become acquainted with the
group's activities, according to Mar
ian Madden, president.
Dr. Francis Russell, Inter-Varsity
adviser, will give a short talk on
"The Origin of the Bible," and Miss
Madden will discuss the foundation
of Inter-Varsity in England and its

subsequent growth over the world.
"This quarter, plans for Inter-Var
sity meetings include both a study of
the Bible under the leadership of Dr.
Russell and discussions of current
religious problems, as well as some
social' functions," said Miss Madden.
Inter-Varsity Society will hold an
open house for new and old students
in the Lower Lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse Mondcjy. ? ;jight at 7:30.
After-dinner coffe,e will be served,
and students will haVe the opportu
nity to meet Inter-Varsity members
and become acquainted with the
group's activities, according to Mar
ian Madden, president.
Dr. Francis Russell, Inter-Varsity
adviser, will give a short talk on
"The Origin of the Bible," and Miss
Madden will discuss the foundation
of Inter-Varsity in England and its

subsequent growth over the world.
"This quarter, plans for Inter-Var
sity meetings include both a study of
the Bible under the leadership of Dr.
Russell and discussions of current
religious problems, as well as some
social' functions," said Miss Madden.
Inter-Varsity Society will hold an
open house for new and old students
in the Lower Lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse Mondcjy. ? ;jight at 7:30.
After-dinner coffe,e will be served,
and students will haVe the opportu
nity to meet Inter-Varsity members
and become acquainted with the
group's activities, according to Mar
ian Madden, president.
Dr. Francis Russell, Inter-Varsity
adviser, will give a short talk on
"The Origin of the Bible," and Miss
Madden will discuss the foundation
of Inter-Varsity in England and its

subsequent growth over the world.
"This quarter, plans for Inter-Var
sity meetings include both a study of
the Bible under the leadership of Dr.
Russell and discussions of current
religious problems, as well as some
social' functions," said Miss Madden.
Inter-Varsity Society will hold an
open house for new and old students
in the Lower Lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse Mondcjy. ? ;jight at 7:30.
After-dinner coffe,e will be served,
and students will haVe the opportu
nity to meet Inter-Varsity members
and become acquainted with the
group's activities, according to Mar
ian Madden, president.
Dr. Francis Russell, Inter-Varsity
adviser, will give a short talk on
"The Origin of the Bible," and Miss
Madden will discuss the foundation
of Inter-Varsity in England and its

subsequent growth over the world.
"This quarter, plans for Inter-Var
sity meetings include both a study of
the Bible under the leadership of Dr.
Russell and discussions of current
religious problems, as well as some
social' functions," said Miss Madden.
Inter-Varsity Society will hold an
open house for new and old students
in the Lower Lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse Mondcjy. ? ;jight at 7:30.
After-dinner coffe,e will be served,
and students will haVe the opportu
nity to meet Inter-Varsity members
and become acquainted with the
group's activities, according to Mar
ian Madden, president.
Dr. Francis Russell, Inter-Varsity
adviser, will give a short talk on
"The Origin of the Bible," and Miss
Madden will discuss the foundation
of Inter-Varsity in England and its

subsequent growth over the world.
"This quarter, plans for Inter-Var
sity meetings include both a study of
the Bible under the leadership of Dr.
Russell and discussions of current
religious problems, as well as some
social' functions," said Miss Madden.
Inter-Varsity Society will hold an
open house for new and old students
in the Lower Lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse Mondcjy. ? ;jight at 7:30.
After-dinner coffe,e will be served,
and students will haVe the opportu
nity to meet Inter-Varsity members
and become acquainted with the
group's activities, according to Mar
ian Madden, president.
Dr. Francis Russell, Inter-Varsity
adviser, will give a short talk on
"The Origin of the Bible," and Miss
Madden will discuss the foundation
of Inter-Varsity in England and its

subsequent growth over the world.
"This quarter, plans for Inter-Var
sity meetings include both a study of
the Bible under the leadership of Dr.
Russell and discussions of current
religious problems, as well as some
social' functions," said Miss Madden.
