# General Electric Needs Engineering Students
## 
### 
Representatives of General Electric
Company will be on the campus
Wednesday, January 24, for the pur
pose of interviewing students inter
ested in employment with this com
pany.
Men with training in electrical en
gineering, mechanical engineering,
physics, chemistry, and metallurgy
are needed. Appointments for inter
views may be made through Mrs.
Marx of the Appointment Service in
the Administration Building.
Representatives of General Electric
Company will be on the campus
Wednesday, January 24, for the pur
pose of interviewing students inter
ested in employment with this com
pany.
Men with training in electrical en
gineering, mechanical engineering,
physics, chemistry, and metallurgy
are needed. Appointments for inter
views may be made through Mrs.
Marx of the Appointment Service in
the Administration Building.
Representatives of General Electric
Company will be on the campus
Wednesday, January 24, for the pur
pose of interviewing students inter
ested in employment with this com
pany.
Men with training in electrical en
gineering, mechanical engineering,
physics, chemistry, and metallurgy
are needed. Appointments for inter
views may be made through Mrs.
Marx of the Appointment Service in
the Administration Building.
Representatives of General Electric
Company will be on the campus
Wednesday, January 24, for the pur
pose of interviewing students inter
ested in employment with this com
pany.
Men with training in electrical en
gineering, mechanical engineering,
physics, chemistry, and metallurgy
are needed. Appointments for inter
views may be made through Mrs.
Marx of the Appointment Service in
the Administration Building.
Representatives of General Electric
Company will be on the campus
Wednesday, January 24, for the pur
pose of interviewing students inter
ested in employment with this com
pany.
Men with training in electrical en
gineering, mechanical engineering,
physics, chemistry, and metallurgy
are needed. Appointments for inter
views may be made through Mrs.
Marx of the Appointment Service in
the Administration Building.
Representatives of General Electric
Company will be on the campus
Wednesday, January 24, for the pur
pose of interviewing students inter
ested in employment with this com
pany.
Men with training in electrical en
gineering, mechanical engineering,
physics, chemistry, and metallurgy
are needed. Appointments for inter
views may be made through Mrs.
Marx of the Appointment Service in
the Administration Building.
Representatives of General Electric
Company will be on the campus
Wednesday, January 24, for the pur
pose of interviewing students inter
ested in employment with this com
pany.
Men with training in electrical en
gineering, mechanical engineering,
physics, chemistry, and metallurgy
are needed. Appointments for inter
views may be made through Mrs.
Marx of the Appointment Service in
the Administration Building.
Representatives of General Electric
Company will be on the campus
Wednesday, January 24, for the pur
pose of interviewing students inter
ested in employment with this com
pany.
Men with training in electrical en
gineering, mechanical engineering,
physics, chemistry, and metallurgy
are needed. Appointments for inter
views may be made through Mrs.
Marx of the Appointment Service in
the Administration Building.
Representatives of General Electric
Company will be on the campus
Wednesday, January 24, for the pur
pose of interviewing students inter
ested in employment with this com
pany.
Men with training in electrical en
gineering, mechanical engineering,
physics, chemistry, and metallurgy
are needed. Appointments for inter
views may be made through Mrs.
Marx of the Appointment Service in
the Administration Building.
Representatives of General Electric
Company will be on the campus
Wednesday, January 24, for the pur
pose of interviewing students inter
ested in employment with this com
pany.
Men with training in electrical en
gineering, mechanical engineering,
physics, chemistry, and metallurgy
are needed. Appointments for inter
views may be made through Mrs.
Marx of the Appointment Service in
the Administration Building.
Representatives of General Electric
Company will be on the campus
Wednesday, January 24, for the pur
pose of interviewing students inter
ested in employment with this com
pany.
Men with training in electrical en
gineering, mechanical engineering,
physics, chemistry, and metallurgy
are needed. Appointments for inter
views may be made through Mrs.
Marx of the Appointment Service in
the Administration Building.
Representatives of General Electric
Company will be on the campus
Wednesday, January 24, for the pur
pose of interviewing students inter
ested in employment with this com
pany.
Men with training in electrical en
gineering, mechanical engineering,
physics, chemistry, and metallurgy
are needed. Appointments for inter
views may be made through Mrs.
Marx of the Appointment Service in
the Administration Building.
Representatives of General Electric
Company will be on the campus
Wednesday, January 24, for the pur
pose of interviewing students inter
ested in employment with this com
pany.
Men with training in electrical en
gineering, mechanical engineering,
physics, chemistry, and metallurgy
are needed. Appointments for inter
views may be made through Mrs.
Marx of the Appointment Service in
the Administration Building.
Representatives of General Electric
Company will be on the campus
Wednesday, January 24, for the pur
pose of interviewing students inter
ested in employment with this com
pany.
Men with training in electrical en
gineering, mechanical engineering,
physics, chemistry, and metallurgy
are needed. Appointments for inter
views may be made through Mrs.
Marx of the Appointment Service in
the Administration Building.
Representatives of General Electric
Company will be on the campus
Wednesday, January 24, for the pur
pose of interviewing students inter
ested in employment with this com
pany.
Men with training in electrical en
gineering, mechanical engineering,
physics, chemistry, and metallurgy
are needed. Appointments for inter
views may be made through Mrs.
Marx of the Appointment Service in
the Administration Building.
