# Enemy Retreats In Ardennes Push
## 
### 
PARIS, Thursday, Jan. 18 (U.R)—
British tanks cracking the outpost
defenses of the Northern Rhineland
swung north across the base of the
dangerous enemy salient in south
eastern Holland Tuesday, while U. S.
troops recaptured embattled Biel
salm in the Ardennes and drove
within lour miles of the big enem.
stronghold of St. Vith.
Lieut. General George S. Patton's
Third Army began outflanking the
Luxembourg city of Wiltz, twin an
chor post with St. Vith at the base
of the Ardennes Bulge, inviting and
repulsing four strong armored coun
ter-lunges in an area four miles to
the northwest.
PARIS, Thursday, Jan. 18 (U.R)—
British tanks cracking the outpost
defenses of the Northern Rhineland
swung north across the base of the
dangerous enemy salient in south
eastern Holland Tuesday, while U. S.
troops recaptured embattled Biel
salm in the Ardennes and drove
within lour miles of the big enem.
stronghold of St. Vith.
Lieut. General George S. Patton's
Third Army began outflanking the
Luxembourg city of Wiltz, twin an
chor post with St. Vith at the base
of the Ardennes Bulge, inviting and
repulsing four strong armored coun
ter-lunges in an area four miles to
the northwest.
PARIS, Thursday, Jan. 18 (U.R)—
British tanks cracking the outpost
defenses of the Northern Rhineland
swung north across the base of the
dangerous enemy salient in south
eastern Holland Tuesday, while U. S.
troops recaptured embattled Biel
salm in the Ardennes and drove
within lour miles of the big enem.
stronghold of St. Vith.
Lieut. General George S. Patton's
Third Army began outflanking the
Luxembourg city of Wiltz, twin an
chor post with St. Vith at the base
of the Ardennes Bulge, inviting and
repulsing four strong armored coun
ter-lunges in an area four miles to
the northwest.
PARIS, Thursday, Jan. 18 (U.R)—
British tanks cracking the outpost
defenses of the Northern Rhineland
swung north across the base of the
dangerous enemy salient in south
eastern Holland Tuesday, while U. S.
troops recaptured embattled Biel
salm in the Ardennes and drove
within lour miles of the big enem.
stronghold of St. Vith.
Lieut. General George S. Patton's
Third Army began outflanking the
Luxembourg city of Wiltz, twin an
chor post with St. Vith at the base
of the Ardennes Bulge, inviting and
repulsing four strong armored coun
ter-lunges in an area four miles to
the northwest.
PARIS, Thursday, Jan. 18 (U.R)—
British tanks cracking the outpost
defenses of the Northern Rhineland
swung north across the base of the
dangerous enemy salient in south
eastern Holland Tuesday, while U. S.
troops recaptured embattled Biel
salm in the Ardennes and drove
within lour miles of the big enem.
stronghold of St. Vith.
Lieut. General George S. Patton's
Third Army began outflanking the
Luxembourg city of Wiltz, twin an
chor post with St. Vith at the base
of the Ardennes Bulge, inviting and
repulsing four strong armored coun
ter-lunges in an area four miles to
the northwest.
PARIS, Thursday, Jan. 18 (U.R)—
British tanks cracking the outpost
defenses of the Northern Rhineland
swung north across the base of the
dangerous enemy salient in south
eastern Holland Tuesday, while U. S.
troops recaptured embattled Biel
salm in the Ardennes and drove
within lour miles of the big enem.
stronghold of St. Vith.
Lieut. General George S. Patton's
Third Army began outflanking the
Luxembourg city of Wiltz, twin an
chor post with St. Vith at the base
of the Ardennes Bulge, inviting and
repulsing four strong armored coun
ter-lunges in an area four miles to
the northwest.
PARIS, Thursday, Jan. 18 (U.R)—
British tanks cracking the outpost
defenses of the Northern Rhineland
swung north across the base of the
dangerous enemy salient in south
eastern Holland Tuesday, while U. S.
troops recaptured embattled Biel
salm in the Ardennes and drove
within lour miles of the big enem.
stronghold of St. Vith.
Lieut. General George S. Patton's
Third Army began outflanking the
Luxembourg city of Wiltz, twin an
chor post with St. Vith at the base
of the Ardennes Bulge, inviting and
repulsing four strong armored coun
ter-lunges in an area four miles to
the northwest.
PARIS, Thursday, Jan. 18 (U.R)—
British tanks cracking the outpost
defenses of the Northern Rhineland
swung north across the base of the
dangerous enemy salient in south
eastern Holland Tuesday, while U. S.
troops recaptured embattled Biel
salm in the Ardennes and drove
within lour miles of the big enem.
stronghold of St. Vith.
Lieut. General George S. Patton's
Third Army began outflanking the
Luxembourg city of Wiltz, twin an
chor post with St. Vith at the base
of the Ardennes Bulge, inviting and
repulsing four strong armored coun
ter-lunges in an area four miles to
the northwest.
PARIS, Thursday, Jan. 18 (U.R)—
British tanks cracking the outpost
defenses of the Northern Rhineland
swung north across the base of the
dangerous enemy salient in south
eastern Holland Tuesday, while U. S.
troops recaptured embattled Biel
salm in the Ardennes and drove
within lour miles of the big enem.
stronghold of St. Vith.
Lieut. General George S. Patton's
Third Army began outflanking the
Luxembourg city of Wiltz, twin an
chor post with St. Vith at the base
of the Ardennes Bulge, inviting and
repulsing four strong armored coun
ter-lunges in an area four miles to
the northwest.
PARIS, Thursday, Jan. 18 (U.R)—
British tanks cracking the outpost
defenses of the Northern Rhineland
swung north across the base of the
dangerous enemy salient in south
eastern Holland Tuesday, while U. S.
troops recaptured embattled Biel
salm in the Ardennes and drove
within lour miles of the big enem.
stronghold of St. Vith.
Lieut. General George S. Patton's
Third Army began outflanking the
Luxembourg city of Wiltz, twin an
chor post with St. Vith at the base
of the Ardennes Bulge, inviting and
repulsing four strong armored coun
ter-lunges in an area four miles to
the northwest.
PARIS, Thursday, Jan. 18 (U.R)—
British tanks cracking the outpost
defenses of the Northern Rhineland
swung north across the base of the
dangerous enemy salient in south
eastern Holland Tuesday, while U. S.
troops recaptured embattled Biel
salm in the Ardennes and drove
within lour miles of the big enem.
stronghold of St. Vith.
Lieut. General George S. Patton's
Third Army began outflanking the
Luxembourg city of Wiltz, twin an
chor post with St. Vith at the base
of the Ardennes Bulge, inviting and
repulsing four strong armored coun
ter-lunges in an area four miles to
the northwest.
PARIS, Thursday, Jan. 18 (U.R)—
British tanks cracking the outpost
defenses of the Northern Rhineland
swung north across the base of the
dangerous enemy salient in south
eastern Holland Tuesday, while U. S.
troops recaptured embattled Biel
salm in the Ardennes and drove
within lour miles of the big enem.
stronghold of St. Vith.
Lieut. General George S. Patton's
Third Army began outflanking the
Luxembourg city of Wiltz, twin an
chor post with St. Vith at the base
of the Ardennes Bulge, inviting and
repulsing four strong armored coun
ter-lunges in an area four miles to
the northwest.
PARIS, Thursday, Jan. 18 (U.R)—
British tanks cracking the outpost
defenses of the Northern Rhineland
swung north across the base of the
dangerous enemy salient in south
eastern Holland Tuesday, while U. S.
troops recaptured embattled Biel
salm in the Ardennes and drove
within lour miles of the big enem.
stronghold of St. Vith.
Lieut. General George S. Patton's
Third Army began outflanking the
Luxembourg city of Wiltz, twin an
chor post with St. Vith at the base
of the Ardennes Bulge, inviting and
repulsing four strong armored coun
ter-lunges in an area four miles to
the northwest.
PARIS, Thursday, Jan. 18 (U.R)—
British tanks cracking the outpost
defenses of the Northern Rhineland
swung north across the base of the
dangerous enemy salient in south
eastern Holland Tuesday, while U. S.
troops recaptured embattled Biel
salm in the Ardennes and drove
within lour miles of the big enem.
stronghold of St. Vith.
Lieut. General George S. Patton's
Third Army began outflanking the
Luxembourg city of Wiltz, twin an
chor post with St. Vith at the base
of the Ardennes Bulge, inviting and
repulsing four strong armored coun
ter-lunges in an area four miles to
the northwest.
PARIS, Thursday, Jan. 18 (U.R)—
British tanks cracking the outpost
defenses of the Northern Rhineland
swung north across the base of the
dangerous enemy salient in south
eastern Holland Tuesday, while U. S.
troops recaptured embattled Biel
salm in the Ardennes and drove
within lour miles of the big enem.
stronghold of St. Vith.
Lieut. General George S. Patton's
Third Army began outflanking the
Luxembourg city of Wiltz, twin an
chor post with St. Vith at the base
of the Ardennes Bulge, inviting and
repulsing four strong armored coun
ter-lunges in an area four miles to
the northwest.
