# DELTA CHI LAW FRATERNITY.
## National Charter Granted to the Stephen J. Field Club of Stanford. 
### 
The Stephen J. Field Club, com
posed of a number of law students
of Stanford University, has been
granted a charter l>y the national
legal fraternity of Delta Chi.
Delta Chi i8 one of the leading law
fraternities of the country, having
sixteen chapters within the borders
of the United States and one in
Canada. The granting of a charter
to members of the Stanford depart
ment marks a new era in the his
tory of Delta Chi, for the Stanford
chapter is the first one to be estab
lished west of the Mississippi.
Thefollowing are the members of
the Stephen J. Field Club who have
been granted a charter by Delta
Chi: Hall Carlos Ross, '03, Bel
mont; William C. VVeiser, gr.,
Grand Junction, Colo.; Edward J.
McGovern, '07, Palo Alto; Charles
R. Pierce, '06, Erie, Pa.; John Les
lie Johnston, '04, Redwood City;
Emmet C. Rittenhouse, '04, Ash
land, Ohio; Earle E. Miller, '05,
Vinton, Iowa; Donald K. Seibert,
'05, San Francisco; Andrew H.
Rose, ex-'O5, Ontario; True Van
Sickle, '05, San Jose; Clifton D.
Cavallaro, "05, San Jose; Lucius P.
Green, '05, Mountain View; Carl B.
VVintler, '05, Vancouver, Wash.;
Henry L. Dearing, '06, Santa Ana,
and James R. Choate, '06. Los An
geles. Ross, Weiser and McGovern
are members of the Bench and Bar
Moot Court; Pierce, Johnston and
Rittenhouse belong to the Arcade
Moot Court; and Miller and Seibert
are members of the Court of Ab
bott's Inn.
The installation of the members
of the Stephen J. Field Club will
take place in San Jose on May 19th.
Edward C. Nettels of Des Moines,
lowa, national president of Delta
Chi; Floyd L. Carlisle of Water
town, N. Y., and A. Frank John of
Mt. Carmel, Pa., members of the
board of managers, constitute the
installation committee.
The fraternity has chapters at
Cornell, New York University, Min
nesota, Michigan, Dickinson, North
western, Chicago-Kent Law School,
University of Buffalo, Osgoode Hall
of Toronto, Syracuse, Union Col
lege, West Virginia, Ohio State,
New York Law School, Chicago,
Georgetown, and Pennsylvania.
There are two alumni chapters, one
at Chicago and one in New York.
The Stephen J. Field Club, com
posed of a number of law students
of Stanford University, has been
granted a charter l>y the national
legal fraternity of Delta Chi.
Delta Chi i8 one of the leading law
fraternities of the country, having
sixteen chapters within the borders
of the United States and one in
Canada. The granting of a charter
to members of the Stanford depart
ment marks a new era in the his
tory of Delta Chi, for the Stanford
chapter is the first one to be estab
lished west of the Mississippi.
Thefollowing are the members of
the Stephen J. Field Club who have
been granted a charter by Delta
Chi: Hall Carlos Ross, '03, Bel
mont; William C. VVeiser, gr.,
Grand Junction, Colo.; Edward J.
McGovern, '07, Palo Alto; Charles
R. Pierce, '06, Erie, Pa.; John Les
lie Johnston, '04, Redwood City;
Emmet C. Rittenhouse, '04, Ash
land, Ohio; Earle E. Miller, '05,
Vinton, Iowa; Donald K. Seibert,
'05, San Francisco; Andrew H.
Rose, ex-'O5, Ontario; True Van
Sickle, '05, San Jose; Clifton D.
Cavallaro, "05, San Jose; Lucius P.
Green, '05, Mountain View; Carl B.
VVintler, '05, Vancouver, Wash.;
Henry L. Dearing, '06, Santa Ana,
and James R. Choate, '06. Los An
geles. Ross, Weiser and McGovern
are members of the Bench and Bar
Moot Court; Pierce, Johnston and
Rittenhouse belong to the Arcade
Moot Court; and Miller and Seibert
are members of the Court of Ab
bott's Inn.
The installation of the members
of the Stephen J. Field Club will
take place in San Jose on May 19th.
Edward C. Nettels of Des Moines,
lowa, national president of Delta
Chi; Floyd L. Carlisle of Water
town, N. Y., and A. Frank John of
Mt. Carmel, Pa., members of the
board of managers, constitute the
installation committee.
The fraternity has chapters at
Cornell, New York University, Min
nesota, Michigan, Dickinson, North
western, Chicago-Kent Law School,
University of Buffalo, Osgoode Hall
of Toronto, Syracuse, Union Col
lege, West Virginia, Ohio State,
New York Law School, Chicago,
Georgetown, and Pennsylvania.
There are two alumni chapters, one
at Chicago and one in New York.
The Stephen J. Field Club, com
posed of a number of law students
of Stanford University, has been
granted a charter l>y the national
legal fraternity of Delta Chi.
Delta Chi i8 one of the leading law
fraternities of the country, having
sixteen chapters within the borders
of the United States and one in
Canada. The granting of a charter
to members of the Stanford depart
ment marks a new era in the his
tory of Delta Chi, for the Stanford
chapter is the first one to be estab
lished west of the Mississippi.
Thefollowing are the members of
the Stephen J. Field Club who have
been granted a charter by Delta
Chi: Hall Carlos Ross, '03, Bel
mont; William C. VVeiser, gr.,
Grand Junction, Colo.; Edward J.
McGovern, '07, Palo Alto; Charles
R. Pierce, '06, Erie, Pa.; John Les
lie Johnston, '04, Redwood City;
Emmet C. Rittenhouse, '04, Ash
land, Ohio; Earle E. Miller, '05,
Vinton, Iowa; Donald K. Seibert,
'05, San Francisco; Andrew H.
Rose, ex-'O5, Ontario; True Van
Sickle, '05, San Jose; Clifton D.
Cavallaro, "05, San Jose; Lucius P.
Green, '05, Mountain View; Carl B.
VVintler, '05, Vancouver, Wash.;
Henry L. Dearing, '06, Santa Ana,
and James R. Choate, '06. Los An
geles. Ross, Weiser and McGovern
are members of the Bench and Bar
Moot Court; Pierce, Johnston and
Rittenhouse belong to the Arcade
Moot Court; and Miller and Seibert
are members of the Court of Ab
bott's Inn.
The installation of the members
of the Stephen J. Field Club will
take place in San Jose on May 19th.
Edward C. Nettels of Des Moines,
lowa, national president of Delta
Chi; Floyd L. Carlisle of Water
town, N. Y., and A. Frank John of
Mt. Carmel, Pa., members of the
board of managers, constitute the
installation committee.
The fraternity has chapters at
Cornell, New York University, Min
nesota, Michigan, Dickinson, North
western, Chicago-Kent Law School,
University of Buffalo, Osgoode Hall
of Toronto, Syracuse, Union Col
lege, West Virginia, Ohio State,
New York Law School, Chicago,
Georgetown, and Pennsylvania.
There are two alumni chapters, one
at Chicago and one in New York.
The Stephen J. Field Club, com
posed of a number of law students
of Stanford University, has been
granted a charter l>y the national
legal fraternity of Delta Chi.
Delta Chi i8 one of the leading law
fraternities of the country, having
sixteen chapters within the borders
of the United States and one in
Canada. The granting of a charter
to members of the Stanford depart
ment marks a new era in the his
tory of Delta Chi, for the Stanford
chapter is the first one to be estab
lished west of the Mississippi.
Thefollowing are the members of
the Stephen J. Field Club who have
been granted a charter by Delta
Chi: Hall Carlos Ross, '03, Bel
mont; William C. VVeiser, gr.,
Grand Junction, Colo.; Edward J.
McGovern, '07, Palo Alto; Charles
R. Pierce, '06, Erie, Pa.; John Les
lie Johnston, '04, Redwood City;
Emmet C. Rittenhouse, '04, Ash
land, Ohio; Earle E. Miller, '05,
Vinton, Iowa; Donald K. Seibert,
'05, San Francisco; Andrew H.
Rose, ex-'O5, Ontario; True Van
Sickle, '05, San Jose; Clifton D.
Cavallaro, "05, San Jose; Lucius P.
Green, '05, Mountain View; Carl B.
VVintler, '05, Vancouver, Wash.;
Henry L. Dearing, '06, Santa Ana,
and James R. Choate, '06. Los An
geles. Ross, Weiser and McGovern
are members of the Bench and Bar
Moot Court; Pierce, Johnston and
Rittenhouse belong to the Arcade
Moot Court; and Miller and Seibert
are members of the Court of Ab
bott's Inn.
The installation of the members
of the Stephen J. Field Club will
take place in San Jose on May 19th.
Edward C. Nettels of Des Moines,
lowa, national president of Delta
Chi; Floyd L. Carlisle of Water
town, N. Y., and A. Frank John of
Mt. Carmel, Pa., members of the
board of managers, constitute the
installation committee.
The fraternity has chapters at
Cornell, New York University, Min
nesota, Michigan, Dickinson, North
western, Chicago-Kent Law School,
University of Buffalo, Osgoode Hall
of Toronto, Syracuse, Union Col
lege, West Virginia, Ohio State,
New York Law School, Chicago,
Georgetown, and Pennsylvania.
There are two alumni chapters, one
at Chicago and one in New York.
The Stephen J. Field Club, com
posed of a number of law students
of Stanford University, has been
granted a charter l>y the national
legal fraternity of Delta Chi.
Delta Chi i8 one of the leading law
fraternities of the country, having
sixteen chapters within the borders
of the United States and one in
Canada. The granting of a charter
to members of the Stanford depart
ment marks a new era in the his
tory of Delta Chi, for the Stanford
chapter is the first one to be estab
lished west of the Mississippi.
Thefollowing are the members of
the Stephen J. Field Club who have
been granted a charter by Delta
Chi: Hall Carlos Ross, '03, Bel
mont; William C. VVeiser, gr.,
Grand Junction, Colo.; Edward J.
McGovern, '07, Palo Alto; Charles
R. Pierce, '06, Erie, Pa.; John Les
lie Johnston, '04, Redwood City;
Emmet C. Rittenhouse, '04, Ash
land, Ohio; Earle E. Miller, '05,
Vinton, Iowa; Donald K. Seibert,
'05, San Francisco; Andrew H.
Rose, ex-'O5, Ontario; True Van
Sickle, '05, San Jose; Clifton D.
Cavallaro, "05, San Jose; Lucius P.
Green, '05, Mountain View; Carl B.
VVintler, '05, Vancouver, Wash.;
Henry L. Dearing, '06, Santa Ana,
and James R. Choate, '06. Los An
geles. Ross, Weiser and McGovern
are members of the Bench and Bar
Moot Court; Pierce, Johnston and
Rittenhouse belong to the Arcade
Moot Court; and Miller and Seibert
are members of the Court of Ab
bott's Inn.
The installation of the members
of the Stephen J. Field Club will
take place in San Jose on May 19th.
Edward C. Nettels of Des Moines,
lowa, national president of Delta
Chi; Floyd L. Carlisle of Water
town, N. Y., and A. Frank John of
Mt. Carmel, Pa., members of the
board of managers, constitute the
installation committee.
The fraternity has chapters at
Cornell, New York University, Min
nesota, Michigan, Dickinson, North
western, Chicago-Kent Law School,
University of Buffalo, Osgoode Hall
of Toronto, Syracuse, Union Col
lege, West Virginia, Ohio State,
New York Law School, Chicago,
Georgetown, and Pennsylvania.
There are two alumni chapters, one
at Chicago and one in New York.
The Stephen J. Field Club, com
posed of a number of law students
of Stanford University, has been
granted a charter l>y the national
legal fraternity of Delta Chi.
Delta Chi i8 one of the leading law
fraternities of the country, having
sixteen chapters within the borders
of the United States and one in
Canada. The granting of a charter
to members of the Stanford depart
ment marks a new era in the his
tory of Delta Chi, for the Stanford
chapter is the first one to be estab
lished west of the Mississippi.
Thefollowing are the members of
the Stephen J. Field Club who have
been granted a charter by Delta
Chi: Hall Carlos Ross, '03, Bel
mont; William C. VVeiser, gr.,
Grand Junction, Colo.; Edward J.
McGovern, '07, Palo Alto; Charles
R. Pierce, '06, Erie, Pa.; John Les
lie Johnston, '04, Redwood City;
Emmet C. Rittenhouse, '04, Ash
land, Ohio; Earle E. Miller, '05,
Vinton, Iowa; Donald K. Seibert,
'05, San Francisco; Andrew H.
Rose, ex-'O5, Ontario; True Van
Sickle, '05, San Jose; Clifton D.
Cavallaro, "05, San Jose; Lucius P.
Green, '05, Mountain View; Carl B.
VVintler, '05, Vancouver, Wash.;
Henry L. Dearing, '06, Santa Ana,
and James R. Choate, '06. Los An
geles. Ross, Weiser and McGovern
are members of the Bench and Bar
Moot Court; Pierce, Johnston and
Rittenhouse belong to the Arcade
Moot Court; and Miller and Seibert
are members of the Court of Ab
bott's Inn.
The installation of the members
of the Stephen J. Field Club will
take place in San Jose on May 19th.
Edward C. Nettels of Des Moines,
lowa, national president of Delta
Chi; Floyd L. Carlisle of Water
town, N. Y., and A. Frank John of
Mt. Carmel, Pa., members of the
board of managers, constitute the
installation committee.
The fraternity has chapters at
Cornell, New York University, Min
nesota, Michigan, Dickinson, North
western, Chicago-Kent Law School,
University of Buffalo, Osgoode Hall
of Toronto, Syracuse, Union Col
lege, West Virginia, Ohio State,
New York Law School, Chicago,
Georgetown, and Pennsylvania.
There are two alumni chapters, one
at Chicago and one in New York.
The Stephen J. Field Club, com
posed of a number of law students
of Stanford University, has been
granted a charter l>y the national
legal fraternity of Delta Chi.
Delta Chi i8 one of the leading law
fraternities of the country, having
sixteen chapters within the borders
of the United States and one in
Canada. The granting of a charter
to members of the Stanford depart
ment marks a new era in the his
tory of Delta Chi, for the Stanford
chapter is the first one to be estab
lished west of the Mississippi.
Thefollowing are the members of
the Stephen J. Field Club who have
been granted a charter by Delta
Chi: Hall Carlos Ross, '03, Bel
mont; William C. VVeiser, gr.,
Grand Junction, Colo.; Edward J.
McGovern, '07, Palo Alto; Charles
R. Pierce, '06, Erie, Pa.; John Les
lie Johnston, '04, Redwood City;
Emmet C. Rittenhouse, '04, Ash
land, Ohio; Earle E. Miller, '05,
Vinton, Iowa; Donald K. Seibert,
'05, San Francisco; Andrew H.
Rose, ex-'O5, Ontario; True Van
Sickle, '05, San Jose; Clifton D.
Cavallaro, "05, San Jose; Lucius P.
Green, '05, Mountain View; Carl B.
VVintler, '05, Vancouver, Wash.;
Henry L. Dearing, '06, Santa Ana,
and James R. Choate, '06. Los An
geles. Ross, Weiser and McGovern
are members of the Bench and Bar
Moot Court; Pierce, Johnston and
Rittenhouse belong to the Arcade
Moot Court; and Miller and Seibert
are members of the Court of Ab
bott's Inn.
The installation of the members
of the Stephen J. Field Club will
take place in San Jose on May 19th.
Edward C. Nettels of Des Moines,
lowa, national president of Delta
Chi; Floyd L. Carlisle of Water
town, N. Y., and A. Frank John of
Mt. Carmel, Pa., members of the
board of managers, constitute the
installation committee.
The fraternity has chapters at
Cornell, New York University, Min
nesota, Michigan, Dickinson, North
western, Chicago-Kent Law School,
University of Buffalo, Osgoode Hall
of Toronto, Syracuse, Union Col
lege, West Virginia, Ohio State,
New York Law School, Chicago,
Georgetown, and Pennsylvania.
There are two alumni chapters, one
at Chicago and one in New York.
The Stephen J. Field Club, com
posed of a number of law students
of Stanford University, has been
granted a charter l>y the national
legal fraternity of Delta Chi.
Delta Chi i8 one of the leading law
fraternities of the country, having
sixteen chapters within the borders
of the United States and one in
Canada. The granting of a charter
to members of the Stanford depart
ment marks a new era in the his
tory of Delta Chi, for the Stanford
chapter is the first one to be estab
lished west of the Mississippi.
Thefollowing are the members of
the Stephen J. Field Club who have
been granted a charter by Delta
Chi: Hall Carlos Ross, '03, Bel
mont; William C. VVeiser, gr.,
Grand Junction, Colo.; Edward J.
McGovern, '07, Palo Alto; Charles
R. Pierce, '06, Erie, Pa.; John Les
lie Johnston, '04, Redwood City;
Emmet C. Rittenhouse, '04, Ash
land, Ohio; Earle E. Miller, '05,
Vinton, Iowa; Donald K. Seibert,
'05, San Francisco; Andrew H.
Rose, ex-'O5, Ontario; True Van
Sickle, '05, San Jose; Clifton D.
Cavallaro, "05, San Jose; Lucius P.
Green, '05, Mountain View; Carl B.
VVintler, '05, Vancouver, Wash.;
Henry L. Dearing, '06, Santa Ana,
and James R. Choate, '06. Los An
geles. Ross, Weiser and McGovern
are members of the Bench and Bar
Moot Court; Pierce, Johnston and
Rittenhouse belong to the Arcade
Moot Court; and Miller and Seibert
are members of the Court of Ab
bott's Inn.
The installation of the members
of the Stephen J. Field Club will
take place in San Jose on May 19th.
Edward C. Nettels of Des Moines,
lowa, national president of Delta
Chi; Floyd L. Carlisle of Water
town, N. Y., and A. Frank John of
Mt. Carmel, Pa., members of the
board of managers, constitute the
installation committee.
The fraternity has chapters at
Cornell, New York University, Min
nesota, Michigan, Dickinson, North
western, Chicago-Kent Law School,
University of Buffalo, Osgoode Hall
of Toronto, Syracuse, Union Col
lege, West Virginia, Ohio State,
New York Law School, Chicago,
Georgetown, and Pennsylvania.
There are two alumni chapters, one
at Chicago and one in New York.
