# Tyler Will Give Dance Saturday
## 
### 
Tyler Hall will give a post-Gaie
ties informal dance "Saturday night,
with "absolutely no entertainment to
interfere with dancing." Dick Rein
hardt, social chairman, said yester
day.
Music will be from records, and
Gaieties theme decorations are
planned.
Tyler Hall will give a post-Gaie
ties informal dance "Saturday night,
with "absolutely no entertainment to
interfere with dancing." Dick Rein
hardt, social chairman, said yester
day.
Music will be from records, and
Gaieties theme decorations are
planned.
Tyler Hall will give a post-Gaie
ties informal dance "Saturday night,
with "absolutely no entertainment to
interfere with dancing." Dick Rein
hardt, social chairman, said yester
day.
Music will be from records, and
Gaieties theme decorations are
planned.
Tyler Hall will give a post-Gaie
ties informal dance "Saturday night,
with "absolutely no entertainment to
interfere with dancing." Dick Rein
hardt, social chairman, said yester
day.
Music will be from records, and
Gaieties theme decorations are
planned.
Tyler Hall will give a post-Gaie
ties informal dance "Saturday night,
with "absolutely no entertainment to
interfere with dancing." Dick Rein
hardt, social chairman, said yester
day.
Music will be from records, and
Gaieties theme decorations are
planned.
Tyler Hall will give a post-Gaie
ties informal dance "Saturday night,
with "absolutely no entertainment to
interfere with dancing." Dick Rein
hardt, social chairman, said yester
day.
Music will be from records, and
Gaieties theme decorations are
planned.
Tyler Hall will give a post-Gaie
ties informal dance "Saturday night,
with "absolutely no entertainment to
interfere with dancing." Dick Rein
hardt, social chairman, said yester
day.
Music will be from records, and
Gaieties theme decorations are
planned.
Tyler Hall will give a post-Gaie
ties informal dance "Saturday night,
with "absolutely no entertainment to
interfere with dancing." Dick Rein
hardt, social chairman, said yester
day.
Music will be from records, and
Gaieties theme decorations are
planned.
Tyler Hall will give a post-Gaie
ties informal dance "Saturday night,
with "absolutely no entertainment to
interfere with dancing." Dick Rein
hardt, social chairman, said yester
day.
Music will be from records, and
Gaieties theme decorations are
planned.
Tyler Hall will give a post-Gaie
ties informal dance "Saturday night,
with "absolutely no entertainment to
interfere with dancing." Dick Rein
hardt, social chairman, said yester
day.
Music will be from records, and
Gaieties theme decorations are
planned.
Tyler Hall will give a post-Gaie
ties informal dance "Saturday night,
with "absolutely no entertainment to
interfere with dancing." Dick Rein
hardt, social chairman, said yester
day.
Music will be from records, and
Gaieties theme decorations are
planned.
Tyler Hall will give a post-Gaie
ties informal dance "Saturday night,
with "absolutely no entertainment to
interfere with dancing." Dick Rein
hardt, social chairman, said yester
day.
Music will be from records, and
Gaieties theme decorations are
planned.
Tyler Hall will give a post-Gaie
ties informal dance "Saturday night,
with "absolutely no entertainment to
interfere with dancing." Dick Rein
hardt, social chairman, said yester
day.
Music will be from records, and
Gaieties theme decorations are
planned.
Tyler Hall will give a post-Gaie
ties informal dance "Saturday night,
with "absolutely no entertainment to
interfere with dancing." Dick Rein
hardt, social chairman, said yester
day.
Music will be from records, and
Gaieties theme decorations are
planned.
Tyler Hall will give a post-Gaie
ties informal dance "Saturday night,
with "absolutely no entertainment to
interfere with dancing." Dick Rein
hardt, social chairman, said yester
day.
Music will be from records, and
Gaieties theme decorations are
planned.
Tyler Hall will give a post-Gaie
ties informal dance "Saturday night,
with "absolutely no entertainment to
interfere with dancing." Dick Rein
hardt, social chairman, said yester
day.
Music will be from records, and
Gaieties theme decorations are
planned.
