# Casadesus To Give Sail Jose Concert
## 
### 
Robert Casadesus, acclaimed by
critics as one of the greatest of con
temporary musicians, will give a
piano concert Friday, December 1 at
8:15 p.m. in the San Jose Civic Audi
torium.
A graduate of the Paris Conserva
toire, he made his American debut in
January, 1935, with the New York
Philharmonic - Symphony Orchestra.
Toscanini, who attended that initial
concert, immediately invited Casade
sus to play under him the following
Robert Casadesus, acclaimed by
critics as one of the greatest of con
temporary musicians, will give a
piano concert Friday, December 1 at
8:15 p.m. in the San Jose Civic Audi
torium.
A graduate of the Paris Conserva
toire, he made his American debut in
January, 1935, with the New York
Philharmonic - Symphony Orchestra.
Toscanini, who attended that initial
concert, immediately invited Casade
sus to play under him the following
Robert Casadesus, acclaimed by
critics as one of the greatest of con
temporary musicians, will give a
piano concert Friday, December 1 at
8:15 p.m. in the San Jose Civic Audi
torium.
A graduate of the Paris Conserva
toire, he made his American debut in
January, 1935, with the New York
Philharmonic - Symphony Orchestra.
Toscanini, who attended that initial
concert, immediately invited Casade
sus to play under him the following
Robert Casadesus, acclaimed by
critics as one of the greatest of con
temporary musicians, will give a
piano concert Friday, December 1 at
8:15 p.m. in the San Jose Civic Audi
torium.
A graduate of the Paris Conserva
toire, he made his American debut in
January, 1935, with the New York
Philharmonic - Symphony Orchestra.
Toscanini, who attended that initial
concert, immediately invited Casade
sus to play under him the following
Robert Casadesus, acclaimed by
critics as one of the greatest of con
temporary musicians, will give a
piano concert Friday, December 1 at
8:15 p.m. in the San Jose Civic Audi
torium.
A graduate of the Paris Conserva
toire, he made his American debut in
January, 1935, with the New York
Philharmonic - Symphony Orchestra.
Toscanini, who attended that initial
concert, immediately invited Casade
sus to play under him the following
Robert Casadesus, acclaimed by
critics as one of the greatest of con
temporary musicians, will give a
piano concert Friday, December 1 at
8:15 p.m. in the San Jose Civic Audi
torium.
A graduate of the Paris Conserva
toire, he made his American debut in
January, 1935, with the New York
Philharmonic - Symphony Orchestra.
Toscanini, who attended that initial
concert, immediately invited Casade
sus to play under him the following
Robert Casadesus, acclaimed by
critics as one of the greatest of con
temporary musicians, will give a
piano concert Friday, December 1 at
8:15 p.m. in the San Jose Civic Audi
torium.
A graduate of the Paris Conserva
toire, he made his American debut in
January, 1935, with the New York
Philharmonic - Symphony Orchestra.
Toscanini, who attended that initial
concert, immediately invited Casade
sus to play under him the following
Robert Casadesus, acclaimed by
critics as one of the greatest of con
temporary musicians, will give a
piano concert Friday, December 1 at
8:15 p.m. in the San Jose Civic Audi
torium.
A graduate of the Paris Conserva
toire, he made his American debut in
January, 1935, with the New York
Philharmonic - Symphony Orchestra.
Toscanini, who attended that initial
concert, immediately invited Casade
sus to play under him the following
Robert Casadesus, acclaimed by
critics as one of the greatest of con
temporary musicians, will give a
piano concert Friday, December 1 at
8:15 p.m. in the San Jose Civic Audi
torium.
A graduate of the Paris Conserva
toire, he made his American debut in
January, 1935, with the New York
Philharmonic - Symphony Orchestra.
Toscanini, who attended that initial
concert, immediately invited Casade
sus to play under him the following
Robert Casadesus, acclaimed by
critics as one of the greatest of con
temporary musicians, will give a
piano concert Friday, December 1 at
8:15 p.m. in the San Jose Civic Audi
torium.
A graduate of the Paris Conserva
toire, he made his American debut in
January, 1935, with the New York
Philharmonic - Symphony Orchestra.
Toscanini, who attended that initial
concert, immediately invited Casade
sus to play under him the following
Robert Casadesus, acclaimed by
critics as one of the greatest of con
temporary musicians, will give a
piano concert Friday, December 1 at
8:15 p.m. in the San Jose Civic Audi
torium.
A graduate of the Paris Conserva
toire, he made his American debut in
January, 1935, with the New York
Philharmonic - Symphony Orchestra.
Toscanini, who attended that initial
concert, immediately invited Casade
sus to play under him the following
Robert Casadesus, acclaimed by
critics as one of the greatest of con
temporary musicians, will give a
piano concert Friday, December 1 at
8:15 p.m. in the San Jose Civic Audi
torium.
A graduate of the Paris Conserva
toire, he made his American debut in
January, 1935, with the New York
Philharmonic - Symphony Orchestra.
Toscanini, who attended that initial
concert, immediately invited Casade
sus to play under him the following
Robert Casadesus, acclaimed by
critics as one of the greatest of con
temporary musicians, will give a
piano concert Friday, December 1 at
8:15 p.m. in the San Jose Civic Audi
torium.
A graduate of the Paris Conserva
toire, he made his American debut in
January, 1935, with the New York
Philharmonic - Symphony Orchestra.
Toscanini, who attended that initial
concert, immediately invited Casade
sus to play under him the following
Robert Casadesus, acclaimed by
critics as one of the greatest of con
temporary musicians, will give a
piano concert Friday, December 1 at
8:15 p.m. in the San Jose Civic Audi
torium.
A graduate of the Paris Conserva
toire, he made his American debut in
January, 1935, with the New York
Philharmonic - Symphony Orchestra.
Toscanini, who attended that initial
concert, immediately invited Casade
sus to play under him the following
Robert Casadesus, acclaimed by
critics as one of the greatest of con
temporary musicians, will give a
piano concert Friday, December 1 at
8:15 p.m. in the San Jose Civic Audi
torium.
A graduate of the Paris Conserva
toire, he made his American debut in
January, 1935, with the New York
Philharmonic - Symphony Orchestra.
Toscanini, who attended that initial
concert, immediately invited Casade
sus to play under him the following
Robert Casadesus, acclaimed by
critics as one of the greatest of con
temporary musicians, will give a
piano concert Friday, December 1 at
8:15 p.m. in the San Jose Civic Audi
torium.
A graduate of the Paris Conserva
toire, he made his American debut in
January, 1935, with the New York
Philharmonic - Symphony Orchestra.
Toscanini, who attended that initial
concert, immediately invited Casade
sus to play under him the following
