# Dancers To Nibble Peanuts, Popcorn
## 
### 
The circus theme for the Tyler Hall
dance this Saturday from 9 to 1 will
be carried out in both decorations
and refreshments. The hall will be
converted into a circus tent, and pink
lemonade and cookies will be served,
with peanuts and pop-corn to nibble
on.
The cmomittee members in charge
of the dance are: Bob Davis, Bill
Barber, Horace Wulff. Walter Har
rington, and Kenn Jones. All ar
rangements are being taken care of
by these committee members and
others of the house rather than by
individual committees for each part
of the preparations.
Guests at the dance do not have to
come dressed as circus performers,
but, since the dance is strictly in
formal, everyone is urged to wear
comfortable sports clothes.
