# BETA THETA PI AND DELTA TAU DELTA TO MEET IN TITLE CLASH
## 
### 
Delta Tau Delta and Beta Theta Pi,
winners of League A and League B, re
spectively, in the interleague basketball
series meet tonight to decide the Uni
versity intramural championship in a
preliminary game to the Stanford-Cali
fornia varsity contest. Both Row teams
have been undefeated, the Beta Theta Pi
five having won nine games, while the
Delta Tau Delta players have taken
seven. "Rabbit" Bradshaw will referee
the game, which will start promptly at
7 o'clock.
Between halves, tlie six intramural
league winners will be presented with
engraved plaques in recognition'of their
success in winning the championships of
their respeltive leagues. Each victor is
requested by C. W. Davis, intramural di
rector, to have a representative present
to receive the plaque for his team. At
the end of the championship tilt, the
winner will be presented with a large
felt banner.
Delta Tau Delta and Beta Theta Pi,
winners of League A and League B, re
spectively, in the interleague basketball
series meet tonight to decide the Uni
versity intramural championship in a
preliminary game to the Stanford-Cali
fornia varsity contest. Both Row teams
have been undefeated, the Beta Theta Pi
five having won nine games, while the
Delta Tau Delta players have taken
seven. "Rabbit" Bradshaw will referee
the game, which will start promptly at
7 o'clock.
Between halves, tlie six intramural
league winners will be presented with
engraved plaques in recognition'of their
success in winning the championships of
their respeltive leagues. Each victor is
requested by C. W. Davis, intramural di
rector, to have a representative present
to receive the plaque for his team. At
the end of the championship tilt, the
winner will be presented with a large
felt banner.
Delta Tau Delta and Beta Theta Pi,
winners of League A and League B, re
spectively, in the interleague basketball
series meet tonight to decide the Uni
versity intramural championship in a
preliminary game to the Stanford-Cali
fornia varsity contest. Both Row teams
have been undefeated, the Beta Theta Pi
five having won nine games, while the
Delta Tau Delta players have taken
seven. "Rabbit" Bradshaw will referee
the game, which will start promptly at
7 o'clock.
Between halves, tlie six intramural
league winners will be presented with
engraved plaques in recognition'of their
success in winning the championships of
their respeltive leagues. Each victor is
requested by C. W. Davis, intramural di
rector, to have a representative present
to receive the plaque for his team. At
the end of the championship tilt, the
winner will be presented with a large
felt banner.
Delta Tau Delta and Beta Theta Pi,
winners of League A and League B, re
spectively, in the interleague basketball
series meet tonight to decide the Uni
versity intramural championship in a
preliminary game to the Stanford-Cali
fornia varsity contest. Both Row teams
have been undefeated, the Beta Theta Pi
five having won nine games, while the
Delta Tau Delta players have taken
seven. "Rabbit" Bradshaw will referee
the game, which will start promptly at
7 o'clock.
Between halves, tlie six intramural
league winners will be presented with
engraved plaques in recognition'of their
success in winning the championships of
their respeltive leagues. Each victor is
requested by C. W. Davis, intramural di
rector, to have a representative present
to receive the plaque for his team. At
the end of the championship tilt, the
winner will be presented with a large
felt banner.
Delta Tau Delta and Beta Theta Pi,
winners of League A and League B, re
spectively, in the interleague basketball
series meet tonight to decide the Uni
versity intramural championship in a
preliminary game to the Stanford-Cali
fornia varsity contest. Both Row teams
have been undefeated, the Beta Theta Pi
five having won nine games, while the
Delta Tau Delta players have taken
seven. "Rabbit" Bradshaw will referee
the game, which will start promptly at
7 o'clock.
Between halves, tlie six intramural
league winners will be presented with
engraved plaques in recognition'of their
success in winning the championships of
their respeltive leagues. Each victor is
requested by C. W. Davis, intramural di
rector, to have a representative present
to receive the plaque for his team. At
the end of the championship tilt, the
winner will be presented with a large
felt banner.
Delta Tau Delta and Beta Theta Pi,
winners of League A and League B, re
spectively, in the interleague basketball
series meet tonight to decide the Uni
versity intramural championship in a
preliminary game to the Stanford-Cali
fornia varsity contest. Both Row teams
have been undefeated, the Beta Theta Pi
five having won nine games, while the
Delta Tau Delta players have taken
seven. "Rabbit" Bradshaw will referee
the game, which will start promptly at
7 o'clock.
Between halves, tlie six intramural
league winners will be presented with
engraved plaques in recognition'of their
success in winning the championships of
their respeltive leagues. Each victor is
requested by C. W. Davis, intramural di
rector, to have a representative present
to receive the plaque for his team. At
the end of the championship tilt, the
winner will be presented with a large
felt banner.
Delta Tau Delta and Beta Theta Pi,
winners of League A and League B, re
spectively, in the interleague basketball
series meet tonight to decide the Uni
versity intramural championship in a
preliminary game to the Stanford-Cali
fornia varsity contest. Both Row teams
have been undefeated, the Beta Theta Pi
five having won nine games, while the
Delta Tau Delta players have taken
seven. "Rabbit" Bradshaw will referee
the game, which will start promptly at
7 o'clock.
Between halves, tlie six intramural
league winners will be presented with
engraved plaques in recognition'of their
success in winning the championships of
their respeltive leagues. Each victor is
requested by C. W. Davis, intramural di
rector, to have a representative present
to receive the plaque for his team. At
the end of the championship tilt, the
winner will be presented with a large
felt banner.
Delta Tau Delta and Beta Theta Pi,
winners of League A and League B, re
spectively, in the interleague basketball
series meet tonight to decide the Uni
versity intramural championship in a
preliminary game to the Stanford-Cali
fornia varsity contest. Both Row teams
have been undefeated, the Beta Theta Pi
five having won nine games, while the
Delta Tau Delta players have taken
seven. "Rabbit" Bradshaw will referee
the game, which will start promptly at
7 o'clock.
Between halves, tlie six intramural
league winners will be presented with
engraved plaques in recognition'of their
success in winning the championships of
their respeltive leagues. Each victor is
requested by C. W. Davis, intramural di
rector, to have a representative present
to receive the plaque for his team. At
the end of the championship tilt, the
winner will be presented with a large
felt banner.
Delta Tau Delta and Beta Theta Pi,
winners of League A and League B, re
spectively, in the interleague basketball
series meet tonight to decide the Uni
versity intramural championship in a
preliminary game to the Stanford-Cali
fornia varsity contest. Both Row teams
have been undefeated, the Beta Theta Pi
five having won nine games, while the
Delta Tau Delta players have taken
seven. "Rabbit" Bradshaw will referee
the game, which will start promptly at
7 o'clock.
Between halves, tlie six intramural
league winners will be presented with
engraved plaques in recognition'of their
success in winning the championships of
their respeltive leagues. Each victor is
requested by C. W. Davis, intramural di
rector, to have a representative present
to receive the plaque for his team. At
the end of the championship tilt, the
winner will be presented with a large
felt banner.
Delta Tau Delta and Beta Theta Pi,
winners of League A and League B, re
spectively, in the interleague basketball
series meet tonight to decide the Uni
versity intramural championship in a
preliminary game to the Stanford-Cali
fornia varsity contest. Both Row teams
have been undefeated, the Beta Theta Pi
five having won nine games, while the
Delta Tau Delta players have taken
seven. "Rabbit" Bradshaw will referee
the game, which will start promptly at
7 o'clock.
Between halves, tlie six intramural
league winners will be presented with
engraved plaques in recognition'of their
success in winning the championships of
their respeltive leagues. Each victor is
requested by C. W. Davis, intramural di
rector, to have a representative present
to receive the plaque for his team. At
the end of the championship tilt, the
winner will be presented with a large
felt banner.
Delta Tau Delta and Beta Theta Pi,
winners of League A and League B, re
spectively, in the interleague basketball
series meet tonight to decide the Uni
versity intramural championship in a
preliminary game to the Stanford-Cali
fornia varsity contest. Both Row teams
have been undefeated, the Beta Theta Pi
five having won nine games, while the
Delta Tau Delta players have taken
seven. "Rabbit" Bradshaw will referee
the game, which will start promptly at
7 o'clock.
Between halves, tlie six intramural
league winners will be presented with
engraved plaques in recognition'of their
success in winning the championships of
their respeltive leagues. Each victor is
requested by C. W. Davis, intramural di
rector, to have a representative present
to receive the plaque for his team. At
the end of the championship tilt, the
winner will be presented with a large
felt banner.
Delta Tau Delta and Beta Theta Pi,
winners of League A and League B, re
spectively, in the interleague basketball
series meet tonight to decide the Uni
versity intramural championship in a
preliminary game to the Stanford-Cali
fornia varsity contest. Both Row teams
have been undefeated, the Beta Theta Pi
five having won nine games, while the
Delta Tau Delta players have taken
seven. "Rabbit" Bradshaw will referee
the game, which will start promptly at
7 o'clock.
Between halves, tlie six intramural
league winners will be presented with
engraved plaques in recognition'of their
success in winning the championships of
their respeltive leagues. Each victor is
requested by C. W. Davis, intramural di
rector, to have a representative present
to receive the plaque for his team. At
the end of the championship tilt, the
winner will be presented with a large
felt banner.
Delta Tau Delta and Beta Theta Pi,
winners of League A and League B, re
spectively, in the interleague basketball
series meet tonight to decide the Uni
versity intramural championship in a
preliminary game to the Stanford-Cali
fornia varsity contest. Both Row teams
have been undefeated, the Beta Theta Pi
five having won nine games, while the
Delta Tau Delta players have taken
seven. "Rabbit" Bradshaw will referee
the game, which will start promptly at
7 o'clock.
Between halves, tlie six intramural
league winners will be presented with
engraved plaques in recognition'of their
success in winning the championships of
their respeltive leagues. Each victor is
requested by C. W. Davis, intramural di
rector, to have a representative present
to receive the plaque for his team. At
the end of the championship tilt, the
winner will be presented with a large
felt banner.
Delta Tau Delta and Beta Theta Pi,
winners of League A and League B, re
spectively, in the interleague basketball
series meet tonight to decide the Uni
versity intramural championship in a
preliminary game to the Stanford-Cali
fornia varsity contest. Both Row teams
have been undefeated, the Beta Theta Pi
five having won nine games, while the
Delta Tau Delta players have taken
seven. "Rabbit" Bradshaw will referee
the game, which will start promptly at
7 o'clock.
Between halves, tlie six intramural
league winners will be presented with
engraved plaques in recognition'of their
success in winning the championships of
their respeltive leagues. Each victor is
requested by C. W. Davis, intramural di
rector, to have a representative present
to receive the plaque for his team. At
the end of the championship tilt, the
winner will be presented with a large
felt banner.
Delta Tau Delta and Beta Theta Pi,
winners of League A and League B, re
spectively, in the interleague basketball
series meet tonight to decide the Uni
versity intramural championship in a
preliminary game to the Stanford-Cali
fornia varsity contest. Both Row teams
have been undefeated, the Beta Theta Pi
five having won nine games, while the
Delta Tau Delta players have taken
seven. "Rabbit" Bradshaw will referee
the game, which will start promptly at
7 o'clock.
Between halves, tlie six intramural
league winners will be presented with
engraved plaques in recognition'of their
success in winning the championships of
their respeltive leagues. Each victor is
requested by C. W. Davis, intramural di
rector, to have a representative present
to receive the plaque for his team. At
the end of the championship tilt, the
winner will be presented with a large
felt banner.
