# Endowed chair
## 
### 
Eleanor Maccoby, professor of
psychology here, has been ap
pointed to the endowed Barbara
Kimball Browning professorship in
the School of Humanities and Sci
ences, effective immediately.
Eleanor Maccoby, professor of
psychology here, has been ap
pointed to the endowed Barbara
Kimball Browning professorship in
the School of Humanities and Sci
ences, effective immediately.
Eleanor Maccoby, professor of
psychology here, has been ap
pointed to the endowed Barbara
Kimball Browning professorship in
the School of Humanities and Sci
ences, effective immediately.
Eleanor Maccoby, professor of
psychology here, has been ap
pointed to the endowed Barbara
Kimball Browning professorship in
the School of Humanities and Sci
ences, effective immediately.
Eleanor Maccoby, professor of
psychology here, has been ap
pointed to the endowed Barbara
Kimball Browning professorship in
the School of Humanities and Sci
ences, effective immediately.
Eleanor Maccoby, professor of
psychology here, has been ap
pointed to the endowed Barbara
Kimball Browning professorship in
the School of Humanities and Sci
ences, effective immediately.
Eleanor Maccoby, professor of
psychology here, has been ap
pointed to the endowed Barbara
Kimball Browning professorship in
the School of Humanities and Sci
ences, effective immediately.
Eleanor Maccoby, professor of
psychology here, has been ap
pointed to the endowed Barbara
Kimball Browning professorship in
the School of Humanities and Sci
ences, effective immediately.
Eleanor Maccoby, professor of
psychology here, has been ap
pointed to the endowed Barbara
Kimball Browning professorship in
the School of Humanities and Sci
ences, effective immediately.
Eleanor Maccoby, professor of
psychology here, has been ap
pointed to the endowed Barbara
Kimball Browning professorship in
the School of Humanities and Sci
ences, effective immediately.
Eleanor Maccoby, professor of
psychology here, has been ap
pointed to the endowed Barbara
Kimball Browning professorship in
the School of Humanities and Sci
ences, effective immediately.
Eleanor Maccoby, professor of
psychology here, has been ap
pointed to the endowed Barbara
Kimball Browning professorship in
the School of Humanities and Sci
ences, effective immediately.
Eleanor Maccoby, professor of
psychology here, has been ap
pointed to the endowed Barbara
Kimball Browning professorship in
the School of Humanities and Sci
ences, effective immediately.
