# Daily lunch
## 
### 
There will be a staff lunch tomor
row at noon. All Daily staffers are
urged to attend. Tantalizing re
freshments will be served, and end
of-quarter plans will be discussed,
including the famed Christmas ban
quet.
There will be a staff lunch tomor
row at noon. All Daily staffers are
urged to attend. Tantalizing re
freshments will be served, and end
of-quarter plans will be discussed,
including the famed Christmas ban
quet.
There will be a staff lunch tomor
row at noon. All Daily staffers are
urged to attend. Tantalizing re
freshments will be served, and end
of-quarter plans will be discussed,
including the famed Christmas ban
quet.
There will be a staff lunch tomor
row at noon. All Daily staffers are
urged to attend. Tantalizing re
freshments will be served, and end
of-quarter plans will be discussed,
including the famed Christmas ban
quet.
There will be a staff lunch tomor
row at noon. All Daily staffers are
urged to attend. Tantalizing re
freshments will be served, and end
of-quarter plans will be discussed,
including the famed Christmas ban
quet.
There will be a staff lunch tomor
row at noon. All Daily staffers are
urged to attend. Tantalizing re
freshments will be served, and end
of-quarter plans will be discussed,
including the famed Christmas ban
quet.
There will be a staff lunch tomor
row at noon. All Daily staffers are
urged to attend. Tantalizing re
freshments will be served, and end
of-quarter plans will be discussed,
including the famed Christmas ban
quet.
There will be a staff lunch tomor
row at noon. All Daily staffers are
urged to attend. Tantalizing re
freshments will be served, and end
of-quarter plans will be discussed,
including the famed Christmas ban
quet.
There will be a staff lunch tomor
row at noon. All Daily staffers are
urged to attend. Tantalizing re
freshments will be served, and end
of-quarter plans will be discussed,
including the famed Christmas ban
quet.
There will be a staff lunch tomor
row at noon. All Daily staffers are
urged to attend. Tantalizing re
freshments will be served, and end
of-quarter plans will be discussed,
including the famed Christmas ban
quet.
There will be a staff lunch tomor
row at noon. All Daily staffers are
urged to attend. Tantalizing re
freshments will be served, and end
of-quarter plans will be discussed,
including the famed Christmas ban
quet.
There will be a staff lunch tomor
row at noon. All Daily staffers are
urged to attend. Tantalizing re
freshments will be served, and end
of-quarter plans will be discussed,
including the famed Christmas ban
quet.
There will be a staff lunch tomor
row at noon. All Daily staffers are
urged to attend. Tantalizing re
freshments will be served, and end
of-quarter plans will be discussed,
including the famed Christmas ban
quet.
