# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Now for Vacation. —A few of the
articles we carry: Just received a
new line of Trunks from $2.50 up;
Dress Suit Cases; Valises from 75c.
11 j>; Trunk Straps; Canvas Tele
scopes from 35c. up, with straps at
tached; Leather Suspenders from
35c. up; Leggins; Razor Straps from
25c. up; Cloves from 35c. up;
Sponges from 15c. up; Chamoises
from 25c. up. Ladies' and gents'
plain and carved Mexican Belts on
hand and made to order, from 2oc.
Riding Saddles; Rack Saddles. Also
a new line oi Wagons, Buggies,
Carts, etc., from $15 up. llanicso
from $5 up. W hips 10c. up. any
thing in the Leather line on hand
and made to order. Carrel's Har
ness and Carriage Repository, Palo
Alto. No trouble to show goods.
Telephone 3(>.
Wantkd. —The use of or rent of
a piano for the month of May.
Address Box 34, University.
