# Fiesta Scheduled to Take Place on Evening of May 14
## 
### 
The date of the Fiesta was an
nounced last night at a meeting of the
executive committee of the Fiesta as
May 14. The fiesta will be held at
night on the banks of Lake Lagunita.
The committees under the different
committee heads were also chosen and
the names will be released soon. It
was also decided that the finances of
the Fiesta should be run by budget.
The date of the Fiesta was an
nounced last night at a meeting of the
executive committee of the Fiesta as
May 14. The fiesta will be held at
night on the banks of Lake Lagunita.
The committees under the different
committee heads were also chosen and
the names will be released soon. It
was also decided that the finances of
the Fiesta should be run by budget.
The date of the Fiesta was an
nounced last night at a meeting of the
executive committee of the Fiesta as
May 14. The fiesta will be held at
night on the banks of Lake Lagunita.
The committees under the different
committee heads were also chosen and
the names will be released soon. It
was also decided that the finances of
the Fiesta should be run by budget.
The date of the Fiesta was an
nounced last night at a meeting of the
executive committee of the Fiesta as
May 14. The fiesta will be held at
night on the banks of Lake Lagunita.
The committees under the different
committee heads were also chosen and
the names will be released soon. It
was also decided that the finances of
the Fiesta should be run by budget.
The date of the Fiesta was an
nounced last night at a meeting of the
executive committee of the Fiesta as
May 14. The fiesta will be held at
night on the banks of Lake Lagunita.
The committees under the different
committee heads were also chosen and
the names will be released soon. It
was also decided that the finances of
the Fiesta should be run by budget.
The date of the Fiesta was an
nounced last night at a meeting of the
executive committee of the Fiesta as
May 14. The fiesta will be held at
night on the banks of Lake Lagunita.
The committees under the different
committee heads were also chosen and
the names will be released soon. It
was also decided that the finances of
the Fiesta should be run by budget.
The date of the Fiesta was an
nounced last night at a meeting of the
executive committee of the Fiesta as
May 14. The fiesta will be held at
night on the banks of Lake Lagunita.
The committees under the different
committee heads were also chosen and
the names will be released soon. It
was also decided that the finances of
the Fiesta should be run by budget.
The date of the Fiesta was an
nounced last night at a meeting of the
executive committee of the Fiesta as
May 14. The fiesta will be held at
night on the banks of Lake Lagunita.
The committees under the different
committee heads were also chosen and
the names will be released soon. It
was also decided that the finances of
the Fiesta should be run by budget.
The date of the Fiesta was an
nounced last night at a meeting of the
executive committee of the Fiesta as
May 14. The fiesta will be held at
night on the banks of Lake Lagunita.
The committees under the different
committee heads were also chosen and
the names will be released soon. It
was also decided that the finances of
the Fiesta should be run by budget.
The date of the Fiesta was an
nounced last night at a meeting of the
executive committee of the Fiesta as
May 14. The fiesta will be held at
night on the banks of Lake Lagunita.
The committees under the different
committee heads were also chosen and
the names will be released soon. It
was also decided that the finances of
the Fiesta should be run by budget.
The date of the Fiesta was an
nounced last night at a meeting of the
executive committee of the Fiesta as
May 14. The fiesta will be held at
night on the banks of Lake Lagunita.
The committees under the different
committee heads were also chosen and
the names will be released soon. It
was also decided that the finances of
the Fiesta should be run by budget.
The date of the Fiesta was an
nounced last night at a meeting of the
executive committee of the Fiesta as
May 14. The fiesta will be held at
night on the banks of Lake Lagunita.
The committees under the different
committee heads were also chosen and
the names will be released soon. It
was also decided that the finances of
the Fiesta should be run by budget.
The date of the Fiesta was an
nounced last night at a meeting of the
executive committee of the Fiesta as
May 14. The fiesta will be held at
night on the banks of Lake Lagunita.
The committees under the different
committee heads were also chosen and
the names will be released soon. It
was also decided that the finances of
the Fiesta should be run by budget.
The date of the Fiesta was an
nounced last night at a meeting of the
executive committee of the Fiesta as
May 14. The fiesta will be held at
night on the banks of Lake Lagunita.
The committees under the different
committee heads were also chosen and
the names will be released soon. It
was also decided that the finances of
the Fiesta should be run by budget.
