# WOMAN AWARDED M.A. DEGREE IN GEOLOGY
## 
### 
Jeanne Russell of Palo Alto has been
awarded the degree of Master of Arts
in Geology at Stanford, though
through an error her name was not
included in the list sent out by the
University this week.
Miss Russell's interest in geology,
which is a somewhat unusual subject
for a woman to follow in college, is
something of a matter of family tradi
tion. Her grandfather was state geolo
gist of Nebraska, and her father, the
Rev. Francis W. Russell, prepared
himself for the same position, but
abandoned it for the ministry. She
studied geology somewhat at Vassar,
from which she was graduated in 1924,
and is now studying art at Stanford
with the idea of equipping herself for
scientific illustration in connection
with her geologic knowledge.
