# "BIG SISTERS" PLANNED
## 
### 
University of Idaho freshman girls
will be provided with an upperclass
advisor in the future, according to
present plans. The success of the "big
sister" plan at the University of Ore
gon prompted the movement at Idaho.
University of Idaho freshman girls
will be provided with an upperclass
advisor in the future, according to
present plans. The success of the "big
sister" plan at the University of Ore
gon prompted the movement at Idaho.
University of Idaho freshman girls
will be provided with an upperclass
advisor in the future, according to
present plans. The success of the "big
sister" plan at the University of Ore
gon prompted the movement at Idaho.
University of Idaho freshman girls
will be provided with an upperclass
advisor in the future, according to
present plans. The success of the "big
sister" plan at the University of Ore
gon prompted the movement at Idaho.
University of Idaho freshman girls
will be provided with an upperclass
advisor in the future, according to
present plans. The success of the "big
sister" plan at the University of Ore
gon prompted the movement at Idaho.
University of Idaho freshman girls
will be provided with an upperclass
advisor in the future, according to
present plans. The success of the "big
sister" plan at the University of Ore
gon prompted the movement at Idaho.
University of Idaho freshman girls
will be provided with an upperclass
advisor in the future, according to
present plans. The success of the "big
sister" plan at the University of Ore
gon prompted the movement at Idaho.
University of Idaho freshman girls
will be provided with an upperclass
advisor in the future, according to
present plans. The success of the "big
sister" plan at the University of Ore
gon prompted the movement at Idaho.
University of Idaho freshman girls
will be provided with an upperclass
advisor in the future, according to
present plans. The success of the "big
sister" plan at the University of Ore
gon prompted the movement at Idaho.
University of Idaho freshman girls
will be provided with an upperclass
advisor in the future, according to
present plans. The success of the "big
sister" plan at the University of Ore
gon prompted the movement at Idaho.
University of Idaho freshman girls
will be provided with an upperclass
advisor in the future, according to
present plans. The success of the "big
sister" plan at the University of Ore
gon prompted the movement at Idaho.
University of Idaho freshman girls
will be provided with an upperclass
advisor in the future, according to
present plans. The success of the "big
sister" plan at the University of Ore
gon prompted the movement at Idaho.
University of Idaho freshman girls
will be provided with an upperclass
advisor in the future, according to
present plans. The success of the "big
sister" plan at the University of Ore
gon prompted the movement at Idaho.
University of Idaho freshman girls
will be provided with an upperclass
advisor in the future, according to
present plans. The success of the "big
sister" plan at the University of Ore
gon prompted the movement at Idaho.
