# Freshman Affairs.
## 
### 
About fifty were present sit the
Freshman class meeting Saturday
afternoon. The officers elected for
ilie present si mester are as follows:
President,, C. F.Mills; vice-presi
dent, .Miss M. Marklisun ; second
vice-president, Miss E. M. Zane;
corresponding secretary, . F. S.
I'owell ; recording secretary, T. C.
Gregory; treasurer, 0. V. 11. King;
toothall manager, C. M. Bradley;
baseball manager, 11. \V. Logan ;
tennis manager, L. R. Freeman ;
track manager, W. I>. Smith ; glee
club niiinager, C. V. 11. King; sen
tinel, F. A. Crosby; sargeant-at
arnis, G. Parker; members of class
council, W. P. Mcintosh, G. T.
Forsyth, I). S. Pointer, If. Shoe
maker, Miss 11. McMilhin; meni
her athletic board, H. R. Plate ;
board director of Sequoia, R. F.
Fi lcher.
