# Bugge Recommends Many Commissions
## 
### 
Nearly all the officers of the Re
serve Training Corps making applica
tion have been recommended by Ma
jor Bugge for commissions in the Of
ficers Reserve Corps and are expec
tantly waiting to hear from the War
Department. Most of them applied
before war was declared and accord
ing to the new ruling it will not be
necessary for them to attend the
three months' training camp at
American Lake, Washington, begin
ning after the end of the semester.
This will be the only camp in the far
west for the intensive training of re
serve officers. It university men do
not receive their commissions before
the opening of the camp in Washing
ton it is very probable that the three
months' training at the federal camp
will be required before the commis
sions in the Reserve Corps will be
granted.
Nearly all the officers of the Re
serve Training Corps making applica
tion have been recommended by Ma
jor Bugge for commissions in the Of
ficers Reserve Corps and are expec
tantly waiting to hear from the War
Department. Most of them applied
before war was declared and accord
ing to the new ruling it will not be
necessary for them to attend the
three months' training camp at
American Lake, Washington, begin
ning after the end of the semester.
This will be the only camp in the far
west for the intensive training of re
serve officers. It university men do
not receive their commissions before
the opening of the camp in Washing
ton it is very probable that the three
months' training at the federal camp
will be required before the commis
sions in the Reserve Corps will be
granted.
Nearly all the officers of the Re
serve Training Corps making applica
tion have been recommended by Ma
jor Bugge for commissions in the Of
ficers Reserve Corps and are expec
tantly waiting to hear from the War
Department. Most of them applied
before war was declared and accord
ing to the new ruling it will not be
necessary for them to attend the
three months' training camp at
American Lake, Washington, begin
ning after the end of the semester.
This will be the only camp in the far
west for the intensive training of re
serve officers. It university men do
not receive their commissions before
the opening of the camp in Washing
ton it is very probable that the three
months' training at the federal camp
will be required before the commis
sions in the Reserve Corps will be
granted.
Nearly all the officers of the Re
serve Training Corps making applica
tion have been recommended by Ma
jor Bugge for commissions in the Of
ficers Reserve Corps and are expec
tantly waiting to hear from the War
Department. Most of them applied
before war was declared and accord
ing to the new ruling it will not be
necessary for them to attend the
three months' training camp at
American Lake, Washington, begin
ning after the end of the semester.
This will be the only camp in the far
west for the intensive training of re
serve officers. It university men do
not receive their commissions before
the opening of the camp in Washing
ton it is very probable that the three
months' training at the federal camp
will be required before the commis
sions in the Reserve Corps will be
granted.
Nearly all the officers of the Re
serve Training Corps making applica
tion have been recommended by Ma
jor Bugge for commissions in the Of
ficers Reserve Corps and are expec
tantly waiting to hear from the War
Department. Most of them applied
before war was declared and accord
ing to the new ruling it will not be
necessary for them to attend the
three months' training camp at
American Lake, Washington, begin
ning after the end of the semester.
This will be the only camp in the far
west for the intensive training of re
serve officers. It university men do
not receive their commissions before
the opening of the camp in Washing
ton it is very probable that the three
months' training at the federal camp
will be required before the commis
sions in the Reserve Corps will be
granted.
Nearly all the officers of the Re
serve Training Corps making applica
tion have been recommended by Ma
jor Bugge for commissions in the Of
ficers Reserve Corps and are expec
tantly waiting to hear from the War
Department. Most of them applied
before war was declared and accord
ing to the new ruling it will not be
necessary for them to attend the
three months' training camp at
American Lake, Washington, begin
ning after the end of the semester.
This will be the only camp in the far
west for the intensive training of re
serve officers. It university men do
not receive their commissions before
the opening of the camp in Washing
ton it is very probable that the three
months' training at the federal camp
will be required before the commis
sions in the Reserve Corps will be
granted.
Nearly all the officers of the Re
serve Training Corps making applica
tion have been recommended by Ma
jor Bugge for commissions in the Of
ficers Reserve Corps and are expec
tantly waiting to hear from the War
Department. Most of them applied
before war was declared and accord
ing to the new ruling it will not be
necessary for them to attend the
three months' training camp at
American Lake, Washington, begin
ning after the end of the semester.
This will be the only camp in the far
west for the intensive training of re
serve officers. It university men do
not receive their commissions before
the opening of the camp in Washing
ton it is very probable that the three
months' training at the federal camp
will be required before the commis
sions in the Reserve Corps will be
granted.
Nearly all the officers of the Re
serve Training Corps making applica
tion have been recommended by Ma
jor Bugge for commissions in the Of
ficers Reserve Corps and are expec
tantly waiting to hear from the War
Department. Most of them applied
before war was declared and accord
ing to the new ruling it will not be
necessary for them to attend the
three months' training camp at
American Lake, Washington, begin
ning after the end of the semester.
This will be the only camp in the far
west for the intensive training of re
serve officers. It university men do
not receive their commissions before
the opening of the camp in Washing
ton it is very probable that the three
months' training at the federal camp
will be required before the commis
sions in the Reserve Corps will be
granted.
Nearly all the officers of the Re
serve Training Corps making applica
tion have been recommended by Ma
jor Bugge for commissions in the Of
ficers Reserve Corps and are expec
tantly waiting to hear from the War
Department. Most of them applied
before war was declared and accord
ing to the new ruling it will not be
necessary for them to attend the
three months' training camp at
American Lake, Washington, begin
ning after the end of the semester.
This will be the only camp in the far
west for the intensive training of re
serve officers. It university men do
not receive their commissions before
the opening of the camp in Washing
ton it is very probable that the three
months' training at the federal camp
will be required before the commis
sions in the Reserve Corps will be
granted.
Nearly all the officers of the Re
serve Training Corps making applica
tion have been recommended by Ma
jor Bugge for commissions in the Of
ficers Reserve Corps and are expec
tantly waiting to hear from the War
Department. Most of them applied
before war was declared and accord
ing to the new ruling it will not be
necessary for them to attend the
three months' training camp at
American Lake, Washington, begin
ning after the end of the semester.
This will be the only camp in the far
west for the intensive training of re
serve officers. It university men do
not receive their commissions before
the opening of the camp in Washing
ton it is very probable that the three
months' training at the federal camp
will be required before the commis
sions in the Reserve Corps will be
granted.
Nearly all the officers of the Re
serve Training Corps making applica
tion have been recommended by Ma
jor Bugge for commissions in the Of
ficers Reserve Corps and are expec
tantly waiting to hear from the War
Department. Most of them applied
before war was declared and accord
ing to the new ruling it will not be
necessary for them to attend the
three months' training camp at
American Lake, Washington, begin
ning after the end of the semester.
This will be the only camp in the far
west for the intensive training of re
serve officers. It university men do
not receive their commissions before
the opening of the camp in Washing
ton it is very probable that the three
months' training at the federal camp
will be required before the commis
sions in the Reserve Corps will be
granted.
Nearly all the officers of the Re
serve Training Corps making applica
tion have been recommended by Ma
jor Bugge for commissions in the Of
ficers Reserve Corps and are expec
tantly waiting to hear from the War
Department. Most of them applied
before war was declared and accord
ing to the new ruling it will not be
necessary for them to attend the
three months' training camp at
American Lake, Washington, begin
ning after the end of the semester.
This will be the only camp in the far
west for the intensive training of re
serve officers. It university men do
not receive their commissions before
the opening of the camp in Washing
ton it is very probable that the three
months' training at the federal camp
will be required before the commis
sions in the Reserve Corps will be
granted.
Nearly all the officers of the Re
serve Training Corps making applica
tion have been recommended by Ma
jor Bugge for commissions in the Of
ficers Reserve Corps and are expec
tantly waiting to hear from the War
Department. Most of them applied
before war was declared and accord
ing to the new ruling it will not be
necessary for them to attend the
three months' training camp at
American Lake, Washington, begin
ning after the end of the semester.
This will be the only camp in the far
west for the intensive training of re
serve officers. It university men do
not receive their commissions before
the opening of the camp in Washing
ton it is very probable that the three
months' training at the federal camp
will be required before the commis
sions in the Reserve Corps will be
granted.
Nearly all the officers of the Re
serve Training Corps making applica
tion have been recommended by Ma
jor Bugge for commissions in the Of
ficers Reserve Corps and are expec
tantly waiting to hear from the War
Department. Most of them applied
before war was declared and accord
ing to the new ruling it will not be
necessary for them to attend the
three months' training camp at
American Lake, Washington, begin
ning after the end of the semester.
This will be the only camp in the far
west for the intensive training of re
serve officers. It university men do
not receive their commissions before
the opening of the camp in Washing
ton it is very probable that the three
months' training at the federal camp
will be required before the commis
sions in the Reserve Corps will be
granted.
Nearly all the officers of the Re
serve Training Corps making applica
tion have been recommended by Ma
jor Bugge for commissions in the Of
ficers Reserve Corps and are expec
tantly waiting to hear from the War
Department. Most of them applied
before war was declared and accord
ing to the new ruling it will not be
necessary for them to attend the
three months' training camp at
American Lake, Washington, begin
ning after the end of the semester.
This will be the only camp in the far
west for the intensive training of re
serve officers. It university men do
not receive their commissions before
the opening of the camp in Washing
ton it is very probable that the three
months' training at the federal camp
will be required before the commis
sions in the Reserve Corps will be
granted.
