# Student Body Vote Postponed One Day
## 
### 
Voting on the proposed changes in
the Student liody constitution will
take place Friday instead of Thurs
day on account of the trip of the
Stanford regiment into the hills on
Thursday. Tlio changes have aroused
a good deal of dissension at Student
Body assemblies.
Voting on the proposed changes in
the Student liody constitution will
take place Friday instead of Thurs
day on account of the trip of the
Stanford regiment into the hills on
Thursday. Tlio changes have aroused
a good deal of dissension at Student
Body assemblies.
Voting on the proposed changes in
the Student liody constitution will
take place Friday instead of Thurs
day on account of the trip of the
Stanford regiment into the hills on
Thursday. Tlio changes have aroused
a good deal of dissension at Student
Body assemblies.
Voting on the proposed changes in
the Student liody constitution will
take place Friday instead of Thurs
day on account of the trip of the
Stanford regiment into the hills on
Thursday. Tlio changes have aroused
a good deal of dissension at Student
Body assemblies.
Voting on the proposed changes in
the Student liody constitution will
take place Friday instead of Thurs
day on account of the trip of the
Stanford regiment into the hills on
Thursday. Tlio changes have aroused
a good deal of dissension at Student
Body assemblies.
Voting on the proposed changes in
the Student liody constitution will
take place Friday instead of Thurs
day on account of the trip of the
Stanford regiment into the hills on
Thursday. Tlio changes have aroused
a good deal of dissension at Student
Body assemblies.
Voting on the proposed changes in
the Student liody constitution will
take place Friday instead of Thurs
day on account of the trip of the
Stanford regiment into the hills on
Thursday. Tlio changes have aroused
a good deal of dissension at Student
Body assemblies.
Voting on the proposed changes in
the Student liody constitution will
take place Friday instead of Thurs
day on account of the trip of the
Stanford regiment into the hills on
Thursday. Tlio changes have aroused
a good deal of dissension at Student
Body assemblies.
Voting on the proposed changes in
the Student liody constitution will
take place Friday instead of Thurs
day on account of the trip of the
Stanford regiment into the hills on
Thursday. Tlio changes have aroused
a good deal of dissension at Student
Body assemblies.
Voting on the proposed changes in
the Student liody constitution will
take place Friday instead of Thurs
day on account of the trip of the
Stanford regiment into the hills on
Thursday. Tlio changes have aroused
a good deal of dissension at Student
Body assemblies.
Voting on the proposed changes in
the Student liody constitution will
take place Friday instead of Thurs
day on account of the trip of the
Stanford regiment into the hills on
Thursday. Tlio changes have aroused
a good deal of dissension at Student
Body assemblies.
Voting on the proposed changes in
the Student liody constitution will
take place Friday instead of Thurs
day on account of the trip of the
Stanford regiment into the hills on
Thursday. Tlio changes have aroused
a good deal of dissension at Student
Body assemblies.
Voting on the proposed changes in
the Student liody constitution will
take place Friday instead of Thurs
day on account of the trip of the
Stanford regiment into the hills on
Thursday. Tlio changes have aroused
a good deal of dissension at Student
Body assemblies.
Voting on the proposed changes in
the Student liody constitution will
take place Friday instead of Thurs
day on account of the trip of the
Stanford regiment into the hills on
Thursday. Tlio changes have aroused
a good deal of dissension at Student
Body assemblies.
Voting on the proposed changes in
the Student liody constitution will
take place Friday instead of Thurs
day on account of the trip of the
Stanford regiment into the hills on
Thursday. Tlio changes have aroused
a good deal of dissension at Student
Body assemblies.
