# STANFORD TRACK TEAM NOT TO MEET MISSOURI
## 
### 
Stanford track team has cancelled
the meet with the University of Mis
souri, which was scheduled to take
place during May.
Stanford track team has cancelled
the meet with the University of Mis
souri, which was scheduled to take
place during May.
Stanford track team has cancelled
the meet with the University of Mis
souri, which was scheduled to take
place during May.
Stanford track team has cancelled
the meet with the University of Mis
souri, which was scheduled to take
place during May.
Stanford track team has cancelled
the meet with the University of Mis
souri, which was scheduled to take
place during May.
Stanford track team has cancelled
the meet with the University of Mis
souri, which was scheduled to take
place during May.
Stanford track team has cancelled
the meet with the University of Mis
souri, which was scheduled to take
place during May.
Stanford track team has cancelled
the meet with the University of Mis
souri, which was scheduled to take
place during May.
Stanford track team has cancelled
the meet with the University of Mis
souri, which was scheduled to take
place during May.
Stanford track team has cancelled
the meet with the University of Mis
souri, which was scheduled to take
place during May.
Stanford track team has cancelled
the meet with the University of Mis
souri, which was scheduled to take
place during May.
Stanford track team has cancelled
the meet with the University of Mis
souri, which was scheduled to take
place during May.
Stanford track team has cancelled
the meet with the University of Mis
souri, which was scheduled to take
place during May.
Stanford track team has cancelled
the meet with the University of Mis
souri, which was scheduled to take
place during May.
Stanford track team has cancelled
the meet with the University of Mis
souri, which was scheduled to take
place during May.
