# Stanford Man Called to Serve in Brazil
## 
### 
Called back from his studies at
Stanford to serve in the Brazilian
army is the distinctive lot of .Tose C.
Gonzaga, '17. Just about a week ago
Gonzaga received word from his
home government ordering him to re
turn to Brazil inside of six weeks or
run the risk of being deprived of his
citizenship in the South American re
public. As universal military service
exists in Brazil. the government has
the right to impress all its eligible
citizens whether at home or abroad
into the service, when the military
resources are placed on a war foot
ing.
Gonzaga is a Civil Engineering ma
jor, and has been at Stanford only a
little over a year. Previous to com
ing to Stanford. Jie served two years
in the Brazilian army, where he holds
Engineering Corps. He will return
to Rio de Janeiro inside of a day or
two.
It is interesting to note at this
time that conditions in Brazil are in
some respects similar to conditions
tlie rank of second lieutenant in the
in this country. The South American
republic followed the lead of the
United States in declaring war upon
Germar.v
Called back from his studies at
Stanford to serve in the Brazilian
army is the distinctive lot of .Tose C.
Gonzaga, '17. Just about a week ago
Gonzaga received word from his
home government ordering him to re
turn to Brazil inside of six weeks or
run the risk of being deprived of his
citizenship in the South American re
public. As universal military service
exists in Brazil. the government has
the right to impress all its eligible
citizens whether at home or abroad
into the service, when the military
resources are placed on a war foot
ing.
Gonzaga is a Civil Engineering ma
jor, and has been at Stanford only a
little over a year. Previous to com
ing to Stanford. Jie served two years
in the Brazilian army, where he holds
Engineering Corps. He will return
to Rio de Janeiro inside of a day or
two.
It is interesting to note at this
time that conditions in Brazil are in
some respects similar to conditions
tlie rank of second lieutenant in the
in this country. The South American
republic followed the lead of the
United States in declaring war upon
Germar.v
Called back from his studies at
Stanford to serve in the Brazilian
army is the distinctive lot of .Tose C.
Gonzaga, '17. Just about a week ago
Gonzaga received word from his
home government ordering him to re
turn to Brazil inside of six weeks or
run the risk of being deprived of his
citizenship in the South American re
public. As universal military service
exists in Brazil. the government has
the right to impress all its eligible
citizens whether at home or abroad
into the service, when the military
resources are placed on a war foot
ing.
Gonzaga is a Civil Engineering ma
jor, and has been at Stanford only a
little over a year. Previous to com
ing to Stanford. Jie served two years
in the Brazilian army, where he holds
Engineering Corps. He will return
to Rio de Janeiro inside of a day or
two.
It is interesting to note at this
time that conditions in Brazil are in
some respects similar to conditions
tlie rank of second lieutenant in the
in this country. The South American
republic followed the lead of the
United States in declaring war upon
Germar.v
Called back from his studies at
Stanford to serve in the Brazilian
army is the distinctive lot of .Tose C.
Gonzaga, '17. Just about a week ago
Gonzaga received word from his
home government ordering him to re
turn to Brazil inside of six weeks or
run the risk of being deprived of his
citizenship in the South American re
public. As universal military service
exists in Brazil. the government has
the right to impress all its eligible
citizens whether at home or abroad
into the service, when the military
resources are placed on a war foot
ing.
Gonzaga is a Civil Engineering ma
jor, and has been at Stanford only a
little over a year. Previous to com
ing to Stanford. Jie served two years
in the Brazilian army, where he holds
Engineering Corps. He will return
to Rio de Janeiro inside of a day or
two.
It is interesting to note at this
time that conditions in Brazil are in
some respects similar to conditions
tlie rank of second lieutenant in the
in this country. The South American
republic followed the lead of the
United States in declaring war upon
Germar.v
Called back from his studies at
Stanford to serve in the Brazilian
army is the distinctive lot of .Tose C.
Gonzaga, '17. Just about a week ago
Gonzaga received word from his
home government ordering him to re
turn to Brazil inside of six weeks or
run the risk of being deprived of his
citizenship in the South American re
public. As universal military service
exists in Brazil. the government has
the right to impress all its eligible
citizens whether at home or abroad
into the service, when the military
resources are placed on a war foot
ing.
Gonzaga is a Civil Engineering ma
jor, and has been at Stanford only a
little over a year. Previous to com
ing to Stanford. Jie served two years
in the Brazilian army, where he holds
Engineering Corps. He will return
to Rio de Janeiro inside of a day or
two.
It is interesting to note at this
time that conditions in Brazil are in
some respects similar to conditions
tlie rank of second lieutenant in the
in this country. The South American
republic followed the lead of the
United States in declaring war upon
Germar.v
Called back from his studies at
Stanford to serve in the Brazilian
army is the distinctive lot of .Tose C.
Gonzaga, '17. Just about a week ago
Gonzaga received word from his
home government ordering him to re
turn to Brazil inside of six weeks or
run the risk of being deprived of his
citizenship in the South American re
public. As universal military service
exists in Brazil. the government has
the right to impress all its eligible
citizens whether at home or abroad
into the service, when the military
resources are placed on a war foot
ing.
Gonzaga is a Civil Engineering ma
jor, and has been at Stanford only a
little over a year. Previous to com
ing to Stanford. Jie served two years
in the Brazilian army, where he holds
Engineering Corps. He will return
to Rio de Janeiro inside of a day or
two.
It is interesting to note at this
time that conditions in Brazil are in
some respects similar to conditions
tlie rank of second lieutenant in the
in this country. The South American
republic followed the lead of the
United States in declaring war upon
Germar.v
Called back from his studies at
Stanford to serve in the Brazilian
army is the distinctive lot of .Tose C.
Gonzaga, '17. Just about a week ago
Gonzaga received word from his
home government ordering him to re
turn to Brazil inside of six weeks or
run the risk of being deprived of his
citizenship in the South American re
public. As universal military service
exists in Brazil. the government has
the right to impress all its eligible
citizens whether at home or abroad
into the service, when the military
resources are placed on a war foot
ing.
Gonzaga is a Civil Engineering ma
jor, and has been at Stanford only a
little over a year. Previous to com
ing to Stanford. Jie served two years
in the Brazilian army, where he holds
Engineering Corps. He will return
to Rio de Janeiro inside of a day or
two.
It is interesting to note at this
time that conditions in Brazil are in
some respects similar to conditions
tlie rank of second lieutenant in the
in this country. The South American
republic followed the lead of the
United States in declaring war upon
Germar.v
Called back from his studies at
Stanford to serve in the Brazilian
army is the distinctive lot of .Tose C.
Gonzaga, '17. Just about a week ago
Gonzaga received word from his
home government ordering him to re
turn to Brazil inside of six weeks or
run the risk of being deprived of his
citizenship in the South American re
public. As universal military service
exists in Brazil. the government has
the right to impress all its eligible
citizens whether at home or abroad
into the service, when the military
resources are placed on a war foot
ing.
Gonzaga is a Civil Engineering ma
jor, and has been at Stanford only a
little over a year. Previous to com
ing to Stanford. Jie served two years
in the Brazilian army, where he holds
Engineering Corps. He will return
to Rio de Janeiro inside of a day or
two.
It is interesting to note at this
time that conditions in Brazil are in
some respects similar to conditions
tlie rank of second lieutenant in the
in this country. The South American
republic followed the lead of the
United States in declaring war upon
Germar.v
Called back from his studies at
Stanford to serve in the Brazilian
army is the distinctive lot of .Tose C.
Gonzaga, '17. Just about a week ago
Gonzaga received word from his
home government ordering him to re
turn to Brazil inside of six weeks or
run the risk of being deprived of his
citizenship in the South American re
public. As universal military service
exists in Brazil. the government has
the right to impress all its eligible
citizens whether at home or abroad
into the service, when the military
resources are placed on a war foot
ing.
Gonzaga is a Civil Engineering ma
jor, and has been at Stanford only a
little over a year. Previous to com
ing to Stanford. Jie served two years
in the Brazilian army, where he holds
Engineering Corps. He will return
to Rio de Janeiro inside of a day or
two.
It is interesting to note at this
time that conditions in Brazil are in
some respects similar to conditions
tlie rank of second lieutenant in the
in this country. The South American
republic followed the lead of the
United States in declaring war upon
Germar.v
Called back from his studies at
Stanford to serve in the Brazilian
army is the distinctive lot of .Tose C.
Gonzaga, '17. Just about a week ago
Gonzaga received word from his
home government ordering him to re
turn to Brazil inside of six weeks or
run the risk of being deprived of his
citizenship in the South American re
public. As universal military service
exists in Brazil. the government has
the right to impress all its eligible
citizens whether at home or abroad
into the service, when the military
resources are placed on a war foot
ing.
Gonzaga is a Civil Engineering ma
jor, and has been at Stanford only a
little over a year. Previous to com
ing to Stanford. Jie served two years
in the Brazilian army, where he holds
Engineering Corps. He will return
to Rio de Janeiro inside of a day or
two.
It is interesting to note at this
time that conditions in Brazil are in
some respects similar to conditions
tlie rank of second lieutenant in the
in this country. The South American
republic followed the lead of the
United States in declaring war upon
Germar.v
Called back from his studies at
Stanford to serve in the Brazilian
army is the distinctive lot of .Tose C.
Gonzaga, '17. Just about a week ago
Gonzaga received word from his
home government ordering him to re
turn to Brazil inside of six weeks or
run the risk of being deprived of his
citizenship in the South American re
public. As universal military service
exists in Brazil. the government has
the right to impress all its eligible
citizens whether at home or abroad
into the service, when the military
resources are placed on a war foot
ing.
Gonzaga is a Civil Engineering ma
jor, and has been at Stanford only a
little over a year. Previous to com
ing to Stanford. Jie served two years
in the Brazilian army, where he holds
Engineering Corps. He will return
to Rio de Janeiro inside of a day or
two.
It is interesting to note at this
time that conditions in Brazil are in
some respects similar to conditions
tlie rank of second lieutenant in the
in this country. The South American
republic followed the lead of the
United States in declaring war upon
Germar.v
Called back from his studies at
Stanford to serve in the Brazilian
army is the distinctive lot of .Tose C.
Gonzaga, '17. Just about a week ago
Gonzaga received word from his
home government ordering him to re
turn to Brazil inside of six weeks or
run the risk of being deprived of his
citizenship in the South American re
public. As universal military service
exists in Brazil. the government has
the right to impress all its eligible
citizens whether at home or abroad
into the service, when the military
resources are placed on a war foot
ing.
Gonzaga is a Civil Engineering ma
jor, and has been at Stanford only a
little over a year. Previous to com
ing to Stanford. Jie served two years
in the Brazilian army, where he holds
Engineering Corps. He will return
to Rio de Janeiro inside of a day or
two.
It is interesting to note at this
time that conditions in Brazil are in
some respects similar to conditions
tlie rank of second lieutenant in the
in this country. The South American
republic followed the lead of the
United States in declaring war upon
Germar.v
Called back from his studies at
Stanford to serve in the Brazilian
army is the distinctive lot of .Tose C.
Gonzaga, '17. Just about a week ago
Gonzaga received word from his
home government ordering him to re
turn to Brazil inside of six weeks or
run the risk of being deprived of his
citizenship in the South American re
public. As universal military service
exists in Brazil. the government has
the right to impress all its eligible
citizens whether at home or abroad
into the service, when the military
resources are placed on a war foot
ing.
Gonzaga is a Civil Engineering ma
jor, and has been at Stanford only a
little over a year. Previous to com
ing to Stanford. Jie served two years
in the Brazilian army, where he holds
Engineering Corps. He will return
to Rio de Janeiro inside of a day or
two.
It is interesting to note at this
time that conditions in Brazil are in
some respects similar to conditions
tlie rank of second lieutenant in the
in this country. The South American
republic followed the lead of the
United States in declaring war upon
Germar.v
Called back from his studies at
Stanford to serve in the Brazilian
army is the distinctive lot of .Tose C.
Gonzaga, '17. Just about a week ago
Gonzaga received word from his
home government ordering him to re
turn to Brazil inside of six weeks or
run the risk of being deprived of his
citizenship in the South American re
public. As universal military service
exists in Brazil. the government has
the right to impress all its eligible
citizens whether at home or abroad
into the service, when the military
resources are placed on a war foot
ing.
Gonzaga is a Civil Engineering ma
jor, and has been at Stanford only a
little over a year. Previous to com
ing to Stanford. Jie served two years
in the Brazilian army, where he holds
Engineering Corps. He will return
to Rio de Janeiro inside of a day or
two.
It is interesting to note at this
time that conditions in Brazil are in
some respects similar to conditions
tlie rank of second lieutenant in the
in this country. The South American
republic followed the lead of the
United States in declaring war upon
Germar.v
Called back from his studies at
Stanford to serve in the Brazilian
army is the distinctive lot of .Tose C.
Gonzaga, '17. Just about a week ago
Gonzaga received word from his
home government ordering him to re
turn to Brazil inside of six weeks or
run the risk of being deprived of his
citizenship in the South American re
public. As universal military service
exists in Brazil. the government has
the right to impress all its eligible
citizens whether at home or abroad
into the service, when the military
resources are placed on a war foot
ing.
Gonzaga is a Civil Engineering ma
jor, and has been at Stanford only a
little over a year. Previous to com
ing to Stanford. Jie served two years
in the Brazilian army, where he holds
Engineering Corps. He will return
to Rio de Janeiro inside of a day or
two.
It is interesting to note at this
time that conditions in Brazil are in
some respects similar to conditions
tlie rank of second lieutenant in the
in this country. The South American
republic followed the lead of the
United States in declaring war upon
Germar.v
