# Arthur Favored In Mural Tennis
## 
### 
As the men's intramural tennis
tournament swings into the second
round of play this week, Arthur Hall
assumes the position of the team to
beat. Paced by varsity tennis man
Ted Meyers, the Arthurites have
looked good so far, and figure to go
far.
All second-round matches must be
played this week, or both teams in
each match not played will forfeit
and drop from the tournament. The
results of each match should be post
ed on the draw sheet in the Men's
Gym.
As the men's intramural tennis
tournament swings into the second
round of play this week, Arthur Hall
assumes the position of the team to
beat. Paced by varsity tennis man
Ted Meyers, the Arthurites have
looked good so far, and figure to go
far.
All second-round matches must be
played this week, or both teams in
each match not played will forfeit
and drop from the tournament. The
results of each match should be post
ed on the draw sheet in the Men's
Gym.
As the men's intramural tennis
tournament swings into the second
round of play this week, Arthur Hall
assumes the position of the team to
beat. Paced by varsity tennis man
Ted Meyers, the Arthurites have
looked good so far, and figure to go
far.
All second-round matches must be
played this week, or both teams in
each match not played will forfeit
and drop from the tournament. The
results of each match should be post
ed on the draw sheet in the Men's
Gym.
As the men's intramural tennis
tournament swings into the second
round of play this week, Arthur Hall
assumes the position of the team to
beat. Paced by varsity tennis man
Ted Meyers, the Arthurites have
looked good so far, and figure to go
far.
All second-round matches must be
played this week, or both teams in
each match not played will forfeit
and drop from the tournament. The
results of each match should be post
ed on the draw sheet in the Men's
Gym.
As the men's intramural tennis
tournament swings into the second
round of play this week, Arthur Hall
assumes the position of the team to
beat. Paced by varsity tennis man
Ted Meyers, the Arthurites have
looked good so far, and figure to go
far.
All second-round matches must be
played this week, or both teams in
each match not played will forfeit
and drop from the tournament. The
results of each match should be post
ed on the draw sheet in the Men's
Gym.
As the men's intramural tennis
tournament swings into the second
round of play this week, Arthur Hall
assumes the position of the team to
beat. Paced by varsity tennis man
Ted Meyers, the Arthurites have
looked good so far, and figure to go
far.
All second-round matches must be
played this week, or both teams in
each match not played will forfeit
and drop from the tournament. The
results of each match should be post
ed on the draw sheet in the Men's
Gym.
As the men's intramural tennis
tournament swings into the second
round of play this week, Arthur Hall
assumes the position of the team to
beat. Paced by varsity tennis man
Ted Meyers, the Arthurites have
looked good so far, and figure to go
far.
All second-round matches must be
played this week, or both teams in
each match not played will forfeit
and drop from the tournament. The
results of each match should be post
ed on the draw sheet in the Men's
Gym.
As the men's intramural tennis
tournament swings into the second
round of play this week, Arthur Hall
assumes the position of the team to
beat. Paced by varsity tennis man
Ted Meyers, the Arthurites have
looked good so far, and figure to go
far.
All second-round matches must be
played this week, or both teams in
each match not played will forfeit
and drop from the tournament. The
results of each match should be post
ed on the draw sheet in the Men's
Gym.
As the men's intramural tennis
tournament swings into the second
round of play this week, Arthur Hall
assumes the position of the team to
beat. Paced by varsity tennis man
Ted Meyers, the Arthurites have
looked good so far, and figure to go
far.
All second-round matches must be
played this week, or both teams in
each match not played will forfeit
and drop from the tournament. The
results of each match should be post
ed on the draw sheet in the Men's
Gym.
As the men's intramural tennis
tournament swings into the second
round of play this week, Arthur Hall
assumes the position of the team to
beat. Paced by varsity tennis man
Ted Meyers, the Arthurites have
looked good so far, and figure to go
far.
All second-round matches must be
played this week, or both teams in
each match not played will forfeit
and drop from the tournament. The
results of each match should be post
ed on the draw sheet in the Men's
Gym.
As the men's intramural tennis
tournament swings into the second
round of play this week, Arthur Hall
assumes the position of the team to
beat. Paced by varsity tennis man
Ted Meyers, the Arthurites have
looked good so far, and figure to go
far.
All second-round matches must be
played this week, or both teams in
each match not played will forfeit
and drop from the tournament. The
results of each match should be post
ed on the draw sheet in the Men's
Gym.
As the men's intramural tennis
tournament swings into the second
round of play this week, Arthur Hall
assumes the position of the team to
beat. Paced by varsity tennis man
Ted Meyers, the Arthurites have
looked good so far, and figure to go
far.
All second-round matches must be
played this week, or both teams in
each match not played will forfeit
and drop from the tournament. The
results of each match should be post
ed on the draw sheet in the Men's
Gym.
As the men's intramural tennis
tournament swings into the second
round of play this week, Arthur Hall
assumes the position of the team to
beat. Paced by varsity tennis man
Ted Meyers, the Arthurites have
looked good so far, and figure to go
far.
All second-round matches must be
played this week, or both teams in
each match not played will forfeit
and drop from the tournament. The
results of each match should be post
ed on the draw sheet in the Men's
Gym.
As the men's intramural tennis
tournament swings into the second
round of play this week, Arthur Hall
assumes the position of the team to
beat. Paced by varsity tennis man
Ted Meyers, the Arthurites have
looked good so far, and figure to go
far.
All second-round matches must be
played this week, or both teams in
each match not played will forfeit
and drop from the tournament. The
results of each match should be post
ed on the draw sheet in the Men's
Gym.
As the men's intramural tennis
tournament swings into the second
round of play this week, Arthur Hall
assumes the position of the team to
beat. Paced by varsity tennis man
Ted Meyers, the Arthurites have
looked good so far, and figure to go
far.
All second-round matches must be
played this week, or both teams in
each match not played will forfeit
and drop from the tournament. The
results of each match should be post
ed on the draw sheet in the Men's
Gym.
As the men's intramural tennis
tournament swings into the second
round of play this week, Arthur Hall
assumes the position of the team to
beat. Paced by varsity tennis man
Ted Meyers, the Arthurites have
looked good so far, and figure to go
far.
All second-round matches must be
played this week, or both teams in
each match not played will forfeit
and drop from the tournament. The
results of each match should be post
ed on the draw sheet in the Men's
Gym.
As the men's intramural tennis
tournament swings into the second
round of play this week, Arthur Hall
assumes the position of the team to
beat. Paced by varsity tennis man
Ted Meyers, the Arthurites have
looked good so far, and figure to go
far.
All second-round matches must be
played this week, or both teams in
each match not played will forfeit
and drop from the tournament. The
results of each match should be post
ed on the draw sheet in the Men's
Gym.
