# Adv. 10 Page 9
## 
### 
Augie Galvan: I am utterly
disappointed you have failed to
fulfill your obligation, when I
loaned you the $1,000 in good
faith. When shall I expect the
balance due?
Go to Palo Alto Rotary Club/
Ambassadorial Scholarships
for opportunity for overseas
study in 2009
87 Mustang GTconvertible 5-Speed
White w white top & gray ieather
146K miles $3995. (650) 854-0365
2000 Audi A 4 I.BT Quattro. Low
Miles, Automatic (w/tiptonic)
$9800. Call Jamie 650.321.0115
Needed for 8&1 Oyr,pickup, take
home, Hmwrk, MTTHFr, 2:30-5:30
$15/ hr, mikicoupal29@yahoo.com
Parent in Palo Alto needs
overnight childcare for
occasional business travel or
weekends away. Responsible twin
boys (Gunn High School) need
minimal supervision. $100/ night.
References preferred. Call
Steve @ 320-4873 or Joanie @
482-6071.
Babysitter needed for afternoons
M-F, Will pick up from Escondido
drive to activities and help HW.
Temporary position FEB. $ 15/H
Spanish speaking a + 444-3939
Egg Donors Needed
Help infertile couples and earn
$7,000 + expenses. Learn more
at www.miraclesforfamilies.com
We are the couple looking for a
healthy Chinese student egg dono
r under 28. Please contact at
lumiere33l @yahoo.com
$$$ GOT SPERM? $$$ -Up to $1000
/month.
Healthy MEN wanted for California Cry
obank's
anonymous sperm donor program.
APPLY ONLINE:
Augie Galvan: I am utterly
disappointed you have failed to
fulfill your obligation, when I
loaned you the $1,000 in good
faith. When shall I expect the
balance due?
Go to Palo Alto Rotary Club/
Ambassadorial Scholarships
for opportunity for overseas
study in 2009
87 Mustang GTconvertible 5-Speed
White w white top & gray ieather
146K miles $3995. (650) 854-0365
2000 Audi A 4 I.BT Quattro. Low
Miles, Automatic (w/tiptonic)
$9800. Call Jamie 650.321.0115
Needed for 8&1 Oyr,pickup, take
home, Hmwrk, MTTHFr, 2:30-5:30
$15/ hr, mikicoupal29@yahoo.com
Parent in Palo Alto needs
overnight childcare for
occasional business travel or
weekends away. Responsible twin
boys (Gunn High School) need
minimal supervision. $100/ night.
References preferred. Call
Steve @ 320-4873 or Joanie @
482-6071.
Babysitter needed for afternoons
M-F, Will pick up from Escondido
drive to activities and help HW.
Temporary position FEB. $ 15/H
Spanish speaking a + 444-3939
Egg Donors Needed
Help infertile couples and earn
$7,000 + expenses. Learn more
at www.miraclesforfamilies.com
We are the couple looking for a
healthy Chinese student egg dono
r under 28. Please contact at
lumiere33l @yahoo.com
$$$ GOT SPERM? $$$ -Up to $1000
/month.
Healthy MEN wanted for California Cry
obank's
anonymous sperm donor program.
APPLY ONLINE:
Augie Galvan: I am utterly
disappointed you have failed to
fulfill your obligation, when I
loaned you the $1,000 in good
faith. When shall I expect the
balance due?
Go to Palo Alto Rotary Club/
Ambassadorial Scholarships
for opportunity for overseas
study in 2009
87 Mustang GTconvertible 5-Speed
White w white top & gray ieather
146K miles $3995. (650) 854-0365
2000 Audi A 4 I.BT Quattro. Low
Miles, Automatic (w/tiptonic)
$9800. Call Jamie 650.321.0115
Needed for 8&1 Oyr,pickup, take
home, Hmwrk, MTTHFr, 2:30-5:30
$15/ hr, mikicoupal29@yahoo.com
Parent in Palo Alto needs
overnight childcare for
occasional business travel or
weekends away. Responsible twin
boys (Gunn High School) need
minimal supervision. $100/ night.
References preferred. Call
Steve @ 320-4873 or Joanie @
482-6071.
Babysitter needed for afternoons
M-F, Will pick up from Escondido
drive to activities and help HW.
Temporary position FEB. $ 15/H
Spanish speaking a + 444-3939
Egg Donors Needed
Help infertile couples and earn
$7,000 + expenses. Learn more
at www.miraclesforfamilies.com
We are the couple looking for a
healthy Chinese student egg dono
r under 28. Please contact at
lumiere33l @yahoo.com
$$$ GOT SPERM? $$$ -Up to $1000
/month.
Healthy MEN wanted for California Cry
obank's
anonymous sperm donor program.
APPLY ONLINE:
Augie Galvan: I am utterly
disappointed you have failed to
fulfill your obligation, when I
loaned you the $1,000 in good
faith. When shall I expect the
balance due?
Go to Palo Alto Rotary Club/
Ambassadorial Scholarships
for opportunity for overseas
study in 2009
87 Mustang GTconvertible 5-Speed
White w white top & gray ieather
146K miles $3995. (650) 854-0365
2000 Audi A 4 I.BT Quattro. Low
Miles, Automatic (w/tiptonic)
$9800. Call Jamie 650.321.0115
Needed for 8&1 Oyr,pickup, take
home, Hmwrk, MTTHFr, 2:30-5:30
$15/ hr, mikicoupal29@yahoo.com
Parent in Palo Alto needs
overnight childcare for
occasional business travel or
weekends away. Responsible twin
boys (Gunn High School) need
minimal supervision. $100/ night.
References preferred. Call
Steve @ 320-4873 or Joanie @
482-6071.
Babysitter needed for afternoons
M-F, Will pick up from Escondido
drive to activities and help HW.
Temporary position FEB. $ 15/H
Spanish speaking a + 444-3939
Egg Donors Needed
Help infertile couples and earn
$7,000 + expenses. Learn more
at www.miraclesforfamilies.com
We are the couple looking for a
healthy Chinese student egg dono
r under 28. Please contact at
lumiere33l @yahoo.com
$$$ GOT SPERM? $$$ -Up to $1000
/month.
Healthy MEN wanted for California Cry
obank's
anonymous sperm donor program.
APPLY ONLINE:
Augie Galvan: I am utterly
disappointed you have failed to
fulfill your obligation, when I
loaned you the $1,000 in good
faith. When shall I expect the
balance due?
Go to Palo Alto Rotary Club/
Ambassadorial Scholarships
for opportunity for overseas
study in 2009
87 Mustang GTconvertible 5-Speed
White w white top & gray ieather
146K miles $3995. (650) 854-0365
2000 Audi A 4 I.BT Quattro. Low
Miles, Automatic (w/tiptonic)
$9800. Call Jamie 650.321.0115
Needed for 8&1 Oyr,pickup, take
home, Hmwrk, MTTHFr, 2:30-5:30
$15/ hr, mikicoupal29@yahoo.com
Parent in Palo Alto needs
overnight childcare for
occasional business travel or
weekends away. Responsible twin
boys (Gunn High School) need
minimal supervision. $100/ night.
References preferred. Call
Steve @ 320-4873 or Joanie @
482-6071.
Babysitter needed for afternoons
M-F, Will pick up from Escondido
drive to activities and help HW.
Temporary position FEB. $ 15/H
Spanish speaking a + 444-3939
Egg Donors Needed
Help infertile couples and earn
$7,000 + expenses. Learn more
at www.miraclesforfamilies.com
We are the couple looking for a
healthy Chinese student egg dono
r under 28. Please contact at
lumiere33l @yahoo.com
$$$ GOT SPERM? $$$ -Up to $1000
/month.
Healthy MEN wanted for California Cry
obank's
anonymous sperm donor program.
APPLY ONLINE:
Augie Galvan: I am utterly
disappointed you have failed to
fulfill your obligation, when I
loaned you the $1,000 in good
faith. When shall I expect the
balance due?
Go to Palo Alto Rotary Club/
Ambassadorial Scholarships
for opportunity for overseas
study in 2009
87 Mustang GTconvertible 5-Speed
White w white top & gray ieather
146K miles $3995. (650) 854-0365
2000 Audi A 4 I.BT Quattro. Low
Miles, Automatic (w/tiptonic)
$9800. Call Jamie 650.321.0115
Needed for 8&1 Oyr,pickup, take
home, Hmwrk, MTTHFr, 2:30-5:30
$15/ hr, mikicoupal29@yahoo.com
Parent in Palo Alto needs
overnight childcare for
occasional business travel or
weekends away. Responsible twin
boys (Gunn High School) need
minimal supervision. $100/ night.
References preferred. Call
Steve @ 320-4873 or Joanie @
482-6071.
Babysitter needed for afternoons
M-F, Will pick up from Escondido
drive to activities and help HW.
Temporary position FEB. $ 15/H
Spanish speaking a + 444-3939
Egg Donors Needed
Help infertile couples and earn
$7,000 + expenses. Learn more
at www.miraclesforfamilies.com
We are the couple looking for a
healthy Chinese student egg dono
r under 28. Please contact at
lumiere33l @yahoo.com
$$$ GOT SPERM? $$$ -Up to $1000
/month.
Healthy MEN wanted for California Cry
obank's
anonymous sperm donor program.
APPLY ONLINE:
