# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
The
Stanford
Daily
For the convenience of
students living in Palo
Alto, will be distributed
during the Summer Quar
ter from the
S. P. Depot
News
Stand
CALL THERE AND GET YOUR
COPY
The
Stanford
Daily
For the convenience of
students living in Palo
Alto, will be distributed
during the Summer Quar
ter from the
S. P. Depot
News
Stand
CALL THERE AND GET YOUR
COPY
The
Stanford
Daily
For the convenience of
students living in Palo
Alto, will be distributed
during the Summer Quar
ter from the
S. P. Depot
News
Stand
CALL THERE AND GET YOUR
COPY
The
Stanford
Daily
For the convenience of
students living in Palo
Alto, will be distributed
during the Summer Quar
ter from the
S. P. Depot
News
Stand
CALL THERE AND GET YOUR
COPY
The
Stanford
Daily
For the convenience of
students living in Palo
Alto, will be distributed
during the Summer Quar
ter from the
S. P. Depot
News
Stand
CALL THERE AND GET YOUR
COPY
The
Stanford
Daily
For the convenience of
students living in Palo
Alto, will be distributed
during the Summer Quar
ter from the
S. P. Depot
News
Stand
CALL THERE AND GET YOUR
COPY
The
Stanford
Daily
For the convenience of
students living in Palo
Alto, will be distributed
during the Summer Quar
ter from the
S. P. Depot
News
Stand
CALL THERE AND GET YOUR
COPY
The
Stanford
Daily
For the convenience of
students living in Palo
Alto, will be distributed
during the Summer Quar
ter from the
S. P. Depot
News
Stand
CALL THERE AND GET YOUR
COPY
The
Stanford
Daily
For the convenience of
students living in Palo
Alto, will be distributed
during the Summer Quar
ter from the
S. P. Depot
News
Stand
CALL THERE AND GET YOUR
COPY
The
Stanford
Daily
For the convenience of
students living in Palo
Alto, will be distributed
during the Summer Quar
ter from the
S. P. Depot
News
Stand
CALL THERE AND GET YOUR
COPY
The
Stanford
Daily
For the convenience of
students living in Palo
Alto, will be distributed
during the Summer Quar
ter from the
S. P. Depot
News
Stand
CALL THERE AND GET YOUR
COPY
The
Stanford
Daily
For the convenience of
students living in Palo
Alto, will be distributed
during the Summer Quar
ter from the
S. P. Depot
News
Stand
CALL THERE AND GET YOUR
COPY
The
Stanford
Daily
For the convenience of
students living in Palo
Alto, will be distributed
during the Summer Quar
ter from the
S. P. Depot
News
Stand
CALL THERE AND GET YOUR
COPY
The
Stanford
Daily
For the convenience of
students living in Palo
Alto, will be distributed
during the Summer Quar
ter from the
S. P. Depot
News
Stand
CALL THERE AND GET YOUR
COPY
The
Stanford
Daily
For the convenience of
students living in Palo
Alto, will be distributed
during the Summer Quar
ter from the
S. P. Depot
News
Stand
CALL THERE AND GET YOUR
COPY
The
Stanford
Daily
For the convenience of
students living in Palo
Alto, will be distributed
during the Summer Quar
ter from the
S. P. Depot
News
Stand
CALL THERE AND GET YOUR
COPY
