# Harvard Bans "Talkies" In Stadium Athletic Meets
## 
### 
Harvard has definitely decided to
prohibit the record of all sound ef
fects in connection with all athletic
events held in their stadium, accord
ing to Carroll F. Getchell, general
manager of the Harvard athletic as
sociation.
The university's stand on this ques
tion became known Monday when the
Pathe sound news was informed that
only "silent" movie cameras would be
allowed in the stadium when the Har
vard-Yale, Oxford-Cambridge track
meet is held. The main objection to
the sound cameras is that too much
apparatus is required.
Harvard has definitely decided to
prohibit the record of all sound ef
fects in connection with all athletic
events held in their stadium, accord
ing to Carroll F. Getchell, general
manager of the Harvard athletic as
sociation.
The university's stand on this ques
tion became known Monday when the
Pathe sound news was informed that
only "silent" movie cameras would be
allowed in the stadium when the Har
vard-Yale, Oxford-Cambridge track
meet is held. The main objection to
the sound cameras is that too much
apparatus is required.
Harvard has definitely decided to
prohibit the record of all sound ef
fects in connection with all athletic
events held in their stadium, accord
ing to Carroll F. Getchell, general
manager of the Harvard athletic as
sociation.
The university's stand on this ques
tion became known Monday when the
Pathe sound news was informed that
only "silent" movie cameras would be
allowed in the stadium when the Har
vard-Yale, Oxford-Cambridge track
meet is held. The main objection to
the sound cameras is that too much
apparatus is required.
Harvard has definitely decided to
prohibit the record of all sound ef
fects in connection with all athletic
events held in their stadium, accord
ing to Carroll F. Getchell, general
manager of the Harvard athletic as
sociation.
The university's stand on this ques
tion became known Monday when the
Pathe sound news was informed that
only "silent" movie cameras would be
allowed in the stadium when the Har
vard-Yale, Oxford-Cambridge track
meet is held. The main objection to
the sound cameras is that too much
apparatus is required.
Harvard has definitely decided to
prohibit the record of all sound ef
fects in connection with all athletic
events held in their stadium, accord
ing to Carroll F. Getchell, general
manager of the Harvard athletic as
sociation.
The university's stand on this ques
tion became known Monday when the
Pathe sound news was informed that
only "silent" movie cameras would be
allowed in the stadium when the Har
vard-Yale, Oxford-Cambridge track
meet is held. The main objection to
the sound cameras is that too much
apparatus is required.
Harvard has definitely decided to
prohibit the record of all sound ef
fects in connection with all athletic
events held in their stadium, accord
ing to Carroll F. Getchell, general
manager of the Harvard athletic as
sociation.
The university's stand on this ques
tion became known Monday when the
Pathe sound news was informed that
only "silent" movie cameras would be
allowed in the stadium when the Har
vard-Yale, Oxford-Cambridge track
meet is held. The main objection to
the sound cameras is that too much
apparatus is required.
Harvard has definitely decided to
prohibit the record of all sound ef
fects in connection with all athletic
events held in their stadium, accord
ing to Carroll F. Getchell, general
manager of the Harvard athletic as
sociation.
The university's stand on this ques
tion became known Monday when the
Pathe sound news was informed that
only "silent" movie cameras would be
allowed in the stadium when the Har
vard-Yale, Oxford-Cambridge track
meet is held. The main objection to
the sound cameras is that too much
apparatus is required.
Harvard has definitely decided to
prohibit the record of all sound ef
fects in connection with all athletic
events held in their stadium, accord
ing to Carroll F. Getchell, general
manager of the Harvard athletic as
sociation.
The university's stand on this ques
tion became known Monday when the
Pathe sound news was informed that
only "silent" movie cameras would be
allowed in the stadium when the Har
vard-Yale, Oxford-Cambridge track
meet is held. The main objection to
the sound cameras is that too much
apparatus is required.
Harvard has definitely decided to
prohibit the record of all sound ef
fects in connection with all athletic
events held in their stadium, accord
ing to Carroll F. Getchell, general
manager of the Harvard athletic as
sociation.
The university's stand on this ques
tion became known Monday when the
Pathe sound news was informed that
only "silent" movie cameras would be
allowed in the stadium when the Har
vard-Yale, Oxford-Cambridge track
meet is held. The main objection to
the sound cameras is that too much
apparatus is required.
Harvard has definitely decided to
prohibit the record of all sound ef
fects in connection with all athletic
events held in their stadium, accord
ing to Carroll F. Getchell, general
manager of the Harvard athletic as
sociation.
The university's stand on this ques
tion became known Monday when the
Pathe sound news was informed that
only "silent" movie cameras would be
allowed in the stadium when the Har
vard-Yale, Oxford-Cambridge track
meet is held. The main objection to
the sound cameras is that too much
apparatus is required.
Harvard has definitely decided to
prohibit the record of all sound ef
fects in connection with all athletic
events held in their stadium, accord
ing to Carroll F. Getchell, general
manager of the Harvard athletic as
sociation.
The university's stand on this ques
tion became known Monday when the
Pathe sound news was informed that
only "silent" movie cameras would be
allowed in the stadium when the Har
vard-Yale, Oxford-Cambridge track
meet is held. The main objection to
the sound cameras is that too much
apparatus is required.
Harvard has definitely decided to
prohibit the record of all sound ef
fects in connection with all athletic
events held in their stadium, accord
ing to Carroll F. Getchell, general
manager of the Harvard athletic as
sociation.
The university's stand on this ques
tion became known Monday when the
Pathe sound news was informed that
only "silent" movie cameras would be
allowed in the stadium when the Har
vard-Yale, Oxford-Cambridge track
meet is held. The main objection to
the sound cameras is that too much
apparatus is required.
Harvard has definitely decided to
prohibit the record of all sound ef
fects in connection with all athletic
events held in their stadium, accord
ing to Carroll F. Getchell, general
manager of the Harvard athletic as
sociation.
The university's stand on this ques
tion became known Monday when the
Pathe sound news was informed that
only "silent" movie cameras would be
allowed in the stadium when the Har
vard-Yale, Oxford-Cambridge track
meet is held. The main objection to
the sound cameras is that too much
apparatus is required.
Harvard has definitely decided to
prohibit the record of all sound ef
fects in connection with all athletic
events held in their stadium, accord
ing to Carroll F. Getchell, general
manager of the Harvard athletic as
sociation.
The university's stand on this ques
tion became known Monday when the
Pathe sound news was informed that
only "silent" movie cameras would be
allowed in the stadium when the Har
vard-Yale, Oxford-Cambridge track
meet is held. The main objection to
the sound cameras is that too much
apparatus is required.
Harvard has definitely decided to
prohibit the record of all sound ef
fects in connection with all athletic
events held in their stadium, accord
ing to Carroll F. Getchell, general
manager of the Harvard athletic as
sociation.
The university's stand on this ques
tion became known Monday when the
Pathe sound news was informed that
only "silent" movie cameras would be
allowed in the stadium when the Har
vard-Yale, Oxford-Cambridge track
meet is held. The main objection to
the sound cameras is that too much
apparatus is required.
Harvard has definitely decided to
prohibit the record of all sound ef
fects in connection with all athletic
events held in their stadium, accord
ing to Carroll F. Getchell, general
manager of the Harvard athletic as
sociation.
The university's stand on this ques
tion became known Monday when the
Pathe sound news was informed that
only "silent" movie cameras would be
allowed in the stadium when the Har
vard-Yale, Oxford-Cambridge track
meet is held. The main objection to
the sound cameras is that too much
apparatus is required.
