# WORK AVAILABLE
## 
### 
Part-time work in waiting on tables
and washing dishes is still available
in Palo Alto for those students attend
ing the summer session who wish em
ployment during their spare hours.
Those interested in such work should
apply at the appointment office and
see Mrs. Spenner concerning their
particular needs.
Part-time work in waiting on tables
and washing dishes is still available
in Palo Alto for those students attend
ing the summer session who wish em
ployment during their spare hours.
Those interested in such work should
apply at the appointment office and
see Mrs. Spenner concerning their
particular needs.
Part-time work in waiting on tables
and washing dishes is still available
in Palo Alto for those students attend
ing the summer session who wish em
ployment during their spare hours.
Those interested in such work should
apply at the appointment office and
see Mrs. Spenner concerning their
particular needs.
Part-time work in waiting on tables
and washing dishes is still available
in Palo Alto for those students attend
ing the summer session who wish em
ployment during their spare hours.
Those interested in such work should
apply at the appointment office and
see Mrs. Spenner concerning their
particular needs.
Part-time work in waiting on tables
and washing dishes is still available
in Palo Alto for those students attend
ing the summer session who wish em
ployment during their spare hours.
Those interested in such work should
apply at the appointment office and
see Mrs. Spenner concerning their
particular needs.
Part-time work in waiting on tables
and washing dishes is still available
in Palo Alto for those students attend
ing the summer session who wish em
ployment during their spare hours.
Those interested in such work should
apply at the appointment office and
see Mrs. Spenner concerning their
particular needs.
Part-time work in waiting on tables
and washing dishes is still available
in Palo Alto for those students attend
ing the summer session who wish em
ployment during their spare hours.
Those interested in such work should
apply at the appointment office and
see Mrs. Spenner concerning their
particular needs.
Part-time work in waiting on tables
and washing dishes is still available
in Palo Alto for those students attend
ing the summer session who wish em
ployment during their spare hours.
Those interested in such work should
apply at the appointment office and
see Mrs. Spenner concerning their
particular needs.
Part-time work in waiting on tables
and washing dishes is still available
in Palo Alto for those students attend
ing the summer session who wish em
ployment during their spare hours.
Those interested in such work should
apply at the appointment office and
see Mrs. Spenner concerning their
particular needs.
Part-time work in waiting on tables
and washing dishes is still available
in Palo Alto for those students attend
ing the summer session who wish em
ployment during their spare hours.
Those interested in such work should
apply at the appointment office and
see Mrs. Spenner concerning their
particular needs.
Part-time work in waiting on tables
and washing dishes is still available
in Palo Alto for those students attend
ing the summer session who wish em
ployment during their spare hours.
Those interested in such work should
apply at the appointment office and
see Mrs. Spenner concerning their
particular needs.
Part-time work in waiting on tables
and washing dishes is still available
in Palo Alto for those students attend
ing the summer session who wish em
ployment during their spare hours.
Those interested in such work should
apply at the appointment office and
see Mrs. Spenner concerning their
particular needs.
Part-time work in waiting on tables
and washing dishes is still available
in Palo Alto for those students attend
ing the summer session who wish em
ployment during their spare hours.
Those interested in such work should
apply at the appointment office and
see Mrs. Spenner concerning their
particular needs.
Part-time work in waiting on tables
and washing dishes is still available
in Palo Alto for those students attend
ing the summer session who wish em
ployment during their spare hours.
Those interested in such work should
apply at the appointment office and
see Mrs. Spenner concerning their
particular needs.
Part-time work in waiting on tables
and washing dishes is still available
in Palo Alto for those students attend
ing the summer session who wish em
ployment during their spare hours.
Those interested in such work should
apply at the appointment office and
see Mrs. Spenner concerning their
particular needs.
Part-time work in waiting on tables
and washing dishes is still available
in Palo Alto for those students attend
ing the summer session who wish em
ployment during their spare hours.
Those interested in such work should
apply at the appointment office and
see Mrs. Spenner concerning their
particular needs.
