# DOCTOR VESTAL GOES TO ILLINOIS POST AS ECOLOGY ASSISTANT
## 
### 
After nine years' service as assist
ant professor of biology at Stanford,
Arthur G. Vestal, Ph.D., is returning
this summer to the University of Illi
nois, from which he graduated, to take
the position of assistant professor of
plant ecology.

For the past few years Dr. Vestal
has conducted experiments at Stan
ford regarding the results of grazing
and variations of water supply on dif
ferent pasture lands. The purpose of
this is to find methods of restoring
valuable regions that have become
barren.
On Jasper ridge, Vestal has erected
instruments to measure rainfall and
has fenced off pasture lands for the
purpose of experiments and observa
tion. He intends to return year after
year and note the process and con
ditions of rehabilitating on these pur
posely over-grazed sections. The re
sults will be assembled, and it is
hoped that a better understanding of
the methods of protecting verdant
grazing land and restoring over-grazed
country will result.
