# Willis C. Wolfe, Dorothy Downing To Wed July 15
## 
### 
The marriage of Willis Carlyle
Wolfe, '28, to Miss Dorothy Downing,
'28, will take place July 15 at the
Sweden-Borgian church in San Fran
cisco. Both Miss Downing and Wolfe
have been working in Oakland since
their graduation.
The marriage of Willis Carlyle
Wolfe, '28, to Miss Dorothy Downing,
'28, will take place July 15 at the
Sweden-Borgian church in San Fran
cisco. Both Miss Downing and Wolfe
have been working in Oakland since
their graduation.
The marriage of Willis Carlyle
Wolfe, '28, to Miss Dorothy Downing,
'28, will take place July 15 at the
Sweden-Borgian church in San Fran
cisco. Both Miss Downing and Wolfe
have been working in Oakland since
their graduation.
The marriage of Willis Carlyle
Wolfe, '28, to Miss Dorothy Downing,
'28, will take place July 15 at the
Sweden-Borgian church in San Fran
cisco. Both Miss Downing and Wolfe
have been working in Oakland since
their graduation.
The marriage of Willis Carlyle
Wolfe, '28, to Miss Dorothy Downing,
'28, will take place July 15 at the
Sweden-Borgian church in San Fran
cisco. Both Miss Downing and Wolfe
have been working in Oakland since
their graduation.
The marriage of Willis Carlyle
Wolfe, '28, to Miss Dorothy Downing,
'28, will take place July 15 at the
Sweden-Borgian church in San Fran
cisco. Both Miss Downing and Wolfe
have been working in Oakland since
their graduation.
The marriage of Willis Carlyle
Wolfe, '28, to Miss Dorothy Downing,
'28, will take place July 15 at the
Sweden-Borgian church in San Fran
cisco. Both Miss Downing and Wolfe
have been working in Oakland since
their graduation.
The marriage of Willis Carlyle
Wolfe, '28, to Miss Dorothy Downing,
'28, will take place July 15 at the
Sweden-Borgian church in San Fran
cisco. Both Miss Downing and Wolfe
have been working in Oakland since
their graduation.
The marriage of Willis Carlyle
Wolfe, '28, to Miss Dorothy Downing,
'28, will take place July 15 at the
Sweden-Borgian church in San Fran
cisco. Both Miss Downing and Wolfe
have been working in Oakland since
their graduation.
The marriage of Willis Carlyle
Wolfe, '28, to Miss Dorothy Downing,
'28, will take place July 15 at the
Sweden-Borgian church in San Fran
cisco. Both Miss Downing and Wolfe
have been working in Oakland since
their graduation.
The marriage of Willis Carlyle
Wolfe, '28, to Miss Dorothy Downing,
'28, will take place July 15 at the
Sweden-Borgian church in San Fran
cisco. Both Miss Downing and Wolfe
have been working in Oakland since
their graduation.
The marriage of Willis Carlyle
Wolfe, '28, to Miss Dorothy Downing,
'28, will take place July 15 at the
Sweden-Borgian church in San Fran
cisco. Both Miss Downing and Wolfe
have been working in Oakland since
their graduation.
The marriage of Willis Carlyle
Wolfe, '28, to Miss Dorothy Downing,
'28, will take place July 15 at the
Sweden-Borgian church in San Fran
cisco. Both Miss Downing and Wolfe
have been working in Oakland since
their graduation.
The marriage of Willis Carlyle
Wolfe, '28, to Miss Dorothy Downing,
'28, will take place July 15 at the
Sweden-Borgian church in San Fran
cisco. Both Miss Downing and Wolfe
have been working in Oakland since
their graduation.
The marriage of Willis Carlyle
Wolfe, '28, to Miss Dorothy Downing,
'28, will take place July 15 at the
Sweden-Borgian church in San Fran
cisco. Both Miss Downing and Wolfe
have been working in Oakland since
their graduation.
The marriage of Willis Carlyle
Wolfe, '28, to Miss Dorothy Downing,
'28, will take place July 15 at the
Sweden-Borgian church in San Fran
cisco. Both Miss Downing and Wolfe
have been working in Oakland since
their graduation.
