# MORITZ SCHLICK WILL LECTURE TUESDAY ON PHILOSOPHY'S FUTURE
## 
### 
"At the present time the logical in
terpretation of science has brought
about a certain understanding of what
the philosopher can do and what he
can't do," says Dr. Moritz Schlick,
visiting professor of philosophy, who
will speak on "The Future of Philo
sophy" at 8 o'clock next Tuesday iii
the Little Theatre. Dr. Schlick adds,
"there has been during the past cen
tury a wrong idea about philosophy.
It cannot solve the problems that are
called philosophical problems.

"The ancients believed that a philo
sopher was a man who had a certain
attitude toward life and science. He
is not a scholar who has studied one
field of knowledge, as the modern
idea is."

Dr. Schlick believes that a crisis in
this field is approaching and that soon
a simpler view of philosophy will
come. He says philosophy is not re
stricted to one field like other sciences

One hundred and sixty million per
sons speak English and G0,000,000
more understand it, according to sta
tistics compiled by a Switzerland
newspaper.
John Hochmann of New York ate
twenty-five bananas in ten minutes.
The Bell Telephone Company has
found a way of transmitting color by
television.
"At the present time the logical in
terpretation of science has brought
about a certain understanding of what
the philosopher can do and what he
can't do," says Dr. Moritz Schlick,
visiting professor of philosophy, who
will speak on "The Future of Philo
sophy" at 8 o'clock next Tuesday iii
the Little Theatre. Dr. Schlick adds,
"there has been during the past cen
tury a wrong idea about philosophy.
It cannot solve the problems that are
called philosophical problems.

"The ancients believed that a philo
sopher was a man who had a certain
attitude toward life and science. He
is not a scholar who has studied one
field of knowledge, as the modern
idea is."

Dr. Schlick believes that a crisis in
this field is approaching and that soon
a simpler view of philosophy will
come. He says philosophy is not re
stricted to one field like other sciences

One hundred and sixty million per
sons speak English and G0,000,000
more understand it, according to sta
tistics compiled by a Switzerland
newspaper.
John Hochmann of New York ate
twenty-five bananas in ten minutes.
The Bell Telephone Company has
found a way of transmitting color by
television.
"At the present time the logical in
terpretation of science has brought
about a certain understanding of what
the philosopher can do and what he
can't do," says Dr. Moritz Schlick,
visiting professor of philosophy, who
will speak on "The Future of Philo
sophy" at 8 o'clock next Tuesday iii
the Little Theatre. Dr. Schlick adds,
"there has been during the past cen
tury a wrong idea about philosophy.
It cannot solve the problems that are
called philosophical problems.

"The ancients believed that a philo
sopher was a man who had a certain
attitude toward life and science. He
is not a scholar who has studied one
field of knowledge, as the modern
idea is."

Dr. Schlick believes that a crisis in
this field is approaching and that soon
a simpler view of philosophy will
come. He says philosophy is not re
stricted to one field like other sciences

One hundred and sixty million per
sons speak English and G0,000,000
more understand it, according to sta
tistics compiled by a Switzerland
newspaper.
John Hochmann of New York ate
twenty-five bananas in ten minutes.
The Bell Telephone Company has
found a way of transmitting color by
television.
"At the present time the logical in
terpretation of science has brought
about a certain understanding of what
the philosopher can do and what he
can't do," says Dr. Moritz Schlick,
visiting professor of philosophy, who
will speak on "The Future of Philo
sophy" at 8 o'clock next Tuesday iii
the Little Theatre. Dr. Schlick adds,
"there has been during the past cen
tury a wrong idea about philosophy.
It cannot solve the problems that are
called philosophical problems.

"The ancients believed that a philo
sopher was a man who had a certain
attitude toward life and science. He
is not a scholar who has studied one
field of knowledge, as the modern
idea is."

Dr. Schlick believes that a crisis in
this field is approaching and that soon
a simpler view of philosophy will
come. He says philosophy is not re
stricted to one field like other sciences

One hundred and sixty million per
sons speak English and G0,000,000
more understand it, according to sta
tistics compiled by a Switzerland
newspaper.
John Hochmann of New York ate
twenty-five bananas in ten minutes.
The Bell Telephone Company has
found a way of transmitting color by
television.
"At the present time the logical in
terpretation of science has brought
about a certain understanding of what
the philosopher can do and what he
can't do," says Dr. Moritz Schlick,
visiting professor of philosophy, who
will speak on "The Future of Philo
sophy" at 8 o'clock next Tuesday iii
the Little Theatre. Dr. Schlick adds,
"there has been during the past cen
tury a wrong idea about philosophy.
It cannot solve the problems that are
called philosophical problems.

"The ancients believed that a philo
sopher was a man who had a certain
attitude toward life and science. He
is not a scholar who has studied one
field of knowledge, as the modern
idea is."

Dr. Schlick believes that a crisis in
this field is approaching and that soon
a simpler view of philosophy will
come. He says philosophy is not re
stricted to one field like other sciences

One hundred and sixty million per
sons speak English and G0,000,000
more understand it, according to sta
tistics compiled by a Switzerland
newspaper.
John Hochmann of New York ate
twenty-five bananas in ten minutes.
The Bell Telephone Company has
found a way of transmitting color by
television.
"At the present time the logical in
terpretation of science has brought
about a certain understanding of what
the philosopher can do and what he
can't do," says Dr. Moritz Schlick,
visiting professor of philosophy, who
will speak on "The Future of Philo
sophy" at 8 o'clock next Tuesday iii
the Little Theatre. Dr. Schlick adds,
"there has been during the past cen
tury a wrong idea about philosophy.
It cannot solve the problems that are
called philosophical problems.

"The ancients believed that a philo
sopher was a man who had a certain
attitude toward life and science. He
is not a scholar who has studied one
field of knowledge, as the modern
idea is."

Dr. Schlick believes that a crisis in
this field is approaching and that soon
a simpler view of philosophy will
come. He says philosophy is not re
stricted to one field like other sciences

One hundred and sixty million per
sons speak English and G0,000,000
more understand it, according to sta
tistics compiled by a Switzerland
newspaper.
John Hochmann of New York ate
twenty-five bananas in ten minutes.
The Bell Telephone Company has
found a way of transmitting color by
television.
"At the present time the logical in
terpretation of science has brought
about a certain understanding of what
the philosopher can do and what he
can't do," says Dr. Moritz Schlick,
visiting professor of philosophy, who
will speak on "The Future of Philo
sophy" at 8 o'clock next Tuesday iii
the Little Theatre. Dr. Schlick adds,
"there has been during the past cen
tury a wrong idea about philosophy.
It cannot solve the problems that are
called philosophical problems.

"The ancients believed that a philo
sopher was a man who had a certain
attitude toward life and science. He
is not a scholar who has studied one
field of knowledge, as the modern
idea is."

Dr. Schlick believes that a crisis in
this field is approaching and that soon
a simpler view of philosophy will
come. He says philosophy is not re
stricted to one field like other sciences

One hundred and sixty million per
sons speak English and G0,000,000
more understand it, according to sta
tistics compiled by a Switzerland
newspaper.
John Hochmann of New York ate
twenty-five bananas in ten minutes.
The Bell Telephone Company has
found a way of transmitting color by
television.
"At the present time the logical in
terpretation of science has brought
about a certain understanding of what
the philosopher can do and what he
can't do," says Dr. Moritz Schlick,
visiting professor of philosophy, who
will speak on "The Future of Philo
sophy" at 8 o'clock next Tuesday iii
the Little Theatre. Dr. Schlick adds,
"there has been during the past cen
tury a wrong idea about philosophy.
It cannot solve the problems that are
called philosophical problems.

"The ancients believed that a philo
sopher was a man who had a certain
attitude toward life and science. He
is not a scholar who has studied one
field of knowledge, as the modern
idea is."

Dr. Schlick believes that a crisis in
this field is approaching and that soon
a simpler view of philosophy will
come. He says philosophy is not re
stricted to one field like other sciences

One hundred and sixty million per
sons speak English and G0,000,000
more understand it, according to sta
tistics compiled by a Switzerland
newspaper.
John Hochmann of New York ate
twenty-five bananas in ten minutes.
The Bell Telephone Company has
found a way of transmitting color by
television.
"At the present time the logical in
terpretation of science has brought
about a certain understanding of what
the philosopher can do and what he
can't do," says Dr. Moritz Schlick,
visiting professor of philosophy, who
will speak on "The Future of Philo
sophy" at 8 o'clock next Tuesday iii
the Little Theatre. Dr. Schlick adds,
"there has been during the past cen
tury a wrong idea about philosophy.
It cannot solve the problems that are
called philosophical problems.

"The ancients believed that a philo
sopher was a man who had a certain
attitude toward life and science. He
is not a scholar who has studied one
field of knowledge, as the modern
idea is."

Dr. Schlick believes that a crisis in
this field is approaching and that soon
a simpler view of philosophy will
come. He says philosophy is not re
stricted to one field like other sciences

One hundred and sixty million per
sons speak English and G0,000,000
more understand it, according to sta
tistics compiled by a Switzerland
newspaper.
John Hochmann of New York ate
twenty-five bananas in ten minutes.
The Bell Telephone Company has
found a way of transmitting color by
television.
"At the present time the logical in
terpretation of science has brought
about a certain understanding of what
the philosopher can do and what he
can't do," says Dr. Moritz Schlick,
visiting professor of philosophy, who
will speak on "The Future of Philo
sophy" at 8 o'clock next Tuesday iii
the Little Theatre. Dr. Schlick adds,
"there has been during the past cen
tury a wrong idea about philosophy.
It cannot solve the problems that are
called philosophical problems.

"The ancients believed that a philo
sopher was a man who had a certain
attitude toward life and science. He
is not a scholar who has studied one
field of knowledge, as the modern
idea is."

Dr. Schlick believes that a crisis in
this field is approaching and that soon
a simpler view of philosophy will
come. He says philosophy is not re
stricted to one field like other sciences

One hundred and sixty million per
sons speak English and G0,000,000
more understand it, according to sta
tistics compiled by a Switzerland
newspaper.
John Hochmann of New York ate
twenty-five bananas in ten minutes.
The Bell Telephone Company has
found a way of transmitting color by
television.
"At the present time the logical in
terpretation of science has brought
about a certain understanding of what
the philosopher can do and what he
can't do," says Dr. Moritz Schlick,
visiting professor of philosophy, who
will speak on "The Future of Philo
sophy" at 8 o'clock next Tuesday iii
the Little Theatre. Dr. Schlick adds,
"there has been during the past cen
tury a wrong idea about philosophy.
It cannot solve the problems that are
called philosophical problems.

"The ancients believed that a philo
sopher was a man who had a certain
attitude toward life and science. He
is not a scholar who has studied one
field of knowledge, as the modern
idea is."

Dr. Schlick believes that a crisis in
this field is approaching and that soon
a simpler view of philosophy will
come. He says philosophy is not re
stricted to one field like other sciences

One hundred and sixty million per
sons speak English and G0,000,000
more understand it, according to sta
tistics compiled by a Switzerland
newspaper.
John Hochmann of New York ate
twenty-five bananas in ten minutes.
The Bell Telephone Company has
found a way of transmitting color by
television.
"At the present time the logical in
terpretation of science has brought
about a certain understanding of what
the philosopher can do and what he
can't do," says Dr. Moritz Schlick,
visiting professor of philosophy, who
will speak on "The Future of Philo
sophy" at 8 o'clock next Tuesday iii
the Little Theatre. Dr. Schlick adds,
"there has been during the past cen
tury a wrong idea about philosophy.
It cannot solve the problems that are
called philosophical problems.

"The ancients believed that a philo
sopher was a man who had a certain
attitude toward life and science. He
is not a scholar who has studied one
field of knowledge, as the modern
idea is."

Dr. Schlick believes that a crisis in
this field is approaching and that soon
a simpler view of philosophy will
come. He says philosophy is not re
stricted to one field like other sciences

One hundred and sixty million per
sons speak English and G0,000,000
more understand it, according to sta
tistics compiled by a Switzerland
newspaper.
John Hochmann of New York ate
twenty-five bananas in ten minutes.
The Bell Telephone Company has
found a way of transmitting color by
television.
"At the present time the logical in
terpretation of science has brought
about a certain understanding of what
the philosopher can do and what he
can't do," says Dr. Moritz Schlick,
visiting professor of philosophy, who
will speak on "The Future of Philo
sophy" at 8 o'clock next Tuesday iii
the Little Theatre. Dr. Schlick adds,
"there has been during the past cen
tury a wrong idea about philosophy.
It cannot solve the problems that are
called philosophical problems.

"The ancients believed that a philo
sopher was a man who had a certain
attitude toward life and science. He
is not a scholar who has studied one
field of knowledge, as the modern
idea is."

Dr. Schlick believes that a crisis in
this field is approaching and that soon
a simpler view of philosophy will
come. He says philosophy is not re
stricted to one field like other sciences

One hundred and sixty million per
sons speak English and G0,000,000
more understand it, according to sta
tistics compiled by a Switzerland
newspaper.
John Hochmann of New York ate
twenty-five bananas in ten minutes.
The Bell Telephone Company has
found a way of transmitting color by
television.
"At the present time the logical in
terpretation of science has brought
about a certain understanding of what
the philosopher can do and what he
can't do," says Dr. Moritz Schlick,
visiting professor of philosophy, who
will speak on "The Future of Philo
sophy" at 8 o'clock next Tuesday iii
the Little Theatre. Dr. Schlick adds,
"there has been during the past cen
tury a wrong idea about philosophy.
It cannot solve the problems that are
called philosophical problems.

"The ancients believed that a philo
sopher was a man who had a certain
attitude toward life and science. He
is not a scholar who has studied one
field of knowledge, as the modern
idea is."

Dr. Schlick believes that a crisis in
this field is approaching and that soon
a simpler view of philosophy will
come. He says philosophy is not re
stricted to one field like other sciences

One hundred and sixty million per
sons speak English and G0,000,000
more understand it, according to sta
tistics compiled by a Switzerland
newspaper.
John Hochmann of New York ate
twenty-five bananas in ten minutes.
The Bell Telephone Company has
found a way of transmitting color by
television.
"At the present time the logical in
terpretation of science has brought
about a certain understanding of what
the philosopher can do and what he
can't do," says Dr. Moritz Schlick,
visiting professor of philosophy, who
will speak on "The Future of Philo
sophy" at 8 o'clock next Tuesday iii
the Little Theatre. Dr. Schlick adds,
"there has been during the past cen
tury a wrong idea about philosophy.
It cannot solve the problems that are
called philosophical problems.

"The ancients believed that a philo
sopher was a man who had a certain
attitude toward life and science. He
is not a scholar who has studied one
field of knowledge, as the modern
idea is."

Dr. Schlick believes that a crisis in
this field is approaching and that soon
a simpler view of philosophy will
come. He says philosophy is not re
stricted to one field like other sciences

One hundred and sixty million per
sons speak English and G0,000,000
more understand it, according to sta
tistics compiled by a Switzerland
newspaper.
John Hochmann of New York ate
twenty-five bananas in ten minutes.
The Bell Telephone Company has
found a way of transmitting color by
television.
"At the present time the logical in
terpretation of science has brought
about a certain understanding of what
the philosopher can do and what he
can't do," says Dr. Moritz Schlick,
visiting professor of philosophy, who
will speak on "The Future of Philo
sophy" at 8 o'clock next Tuesday iii
the Little Theatre. Dr. Schlick adds,
"there has been during the past cen
tury a wrong idea about philosophy.
It cannot solve the problems that are
called philosophical problems.

"The ancients believed that a philo
sopher was a man who had a certain
attitude toward life and science. He
is not a scholar who has studied one
field of knowledge, as the modern
idea is."

Dr. Schlick believes that a crisis in
this field is approaching and that soon
a simpler view of philosophy will
come. He says philosophy is not re
stricted to one field like other sciences

One hundred and sixty million per
sons speak English and G0,000,000
more understand it, according to sta
tistics compiled by a Switzerland
newspaper.
John Hochmann of New York ate
twenty-five bananas in ten minutes.
The Bell Telephone Company has
found a way of transmitting color by
television.
