# Adv. 14 Page 3
## 
### 
Bernats
Guaranteed Yarns
• Princcss Y.irns .if- lower
prices
• Woolydown for new
popular jackets
• Bernatspun Tweed and
matching y.irns
• Sock Y.irns
• New Angoras
FREE INSTRUCTIONS
HANDICRAFT ,
CENTKR
Mezianinc, Young Drug Co.
357 University Ave.
Bernats
Guaranteed Yarns
• Princcss Y.irns .if- lower
prices
• Woolydown for new
popular jackets
• Bernatspun Tweed and
matching y.irns
• Sock Y.irns
• New Angoras
FREE INSTRUCTIONS
HANDICRAFT ,
CENTKR
Mezianinc, Young Drug Co.
357 University Ave.
Bernats
Guaranteed Yarns
• Princcss Y.irns .if- lower
prices
• Woolydown for new
popular jackets
• Bernatspun Tweed and
matching y.irns
• Sock Y.irns
• New Angoras
FREE INSTRUCTIONS
HANDICRAFT ,
CENTKR
Mezianinc, Young Drug Co.
357 University Ave.
Bernats
Guaranteed Yarns
• Princcss Y.irns .if- lower
prices
• Woolydown for new
popular jackets
• Bernatspun Tweed and
matching y.irns
• Sock Y.irns
• New Angoras
FREE INSTRUCTIONS
HANDICRAFT ,
CENTKR
Mezianinc, Young Drug Co.
357 University Ave.
Bernats
Guaranteed Yarns
• Princcss Y.irns .if- lower
prices
• Woolydown for new
popular jackets
• Bernatspun Tweed and
matching y.irns
• Sock Y.irns
• New Angoras
FREE INSTRUCTIONS
HANDICRAFT ,
CENTKR
Mezianinc, Young Drug Co.
357 University Ave.
Bernats
Guaranteed Yarns
• Princcss Y.irns .if- lower
prices
• Woolydown for new
popular jackets
• Bernatspun Tweed and
matching y.irns
• Sock Y.irns
• New Angoras
FREE INSTRUCTIONS
HANDICRAFT ,
CENTKR
Mezianinc, Young Drug Co.
357 University Ave.
Bernats
Guaranteed Yarns
• Princcss Y.irns .if- lower
prices
• Woolydown for new
popular jackets
• Bernatspun Tweed and
matching y.irns
• Sock Y.irns
• New Angoras
FREE INSTRUCTIONS
HANDICRAFT ,
CENTKR
Mezianinc, Young Drug Co.
357 University Ave.
Bernats
Guaranteed Yarns
• Princcss Y.irns .if- lower
prices
• Woolydown for new
popular jackets
• Bernatspun Tweed and
matching y.irns
• Sock Y.irns
• New Angoras
FREE INSTRUCTIONS
HANDICRAFT ,
CENTKR
Mezianinc, Young Drug Co.
357 University Ave.
Bernats
Guaranteed Yarns
• Princcss Y.irns .if- lower
prices
• Woolydown for new
popular jackets
• Bernatspun Tweed and
matching y.irns
• Sock Y.irns
• New Angoras
FREE INSTRUCTIONS
HANDICRAFT ,
CENTKR
Mezianinc, Young Drug Co.
357 University Ave.
Bernats
Guaranteed Yarns
• Princcss Y.irns .if- lower
prices
• Woolydown for new
popular jackets
• Bernatspun Tweed and
matching y.irns
• Sock Y.irns
• New Angoras
FREE INSTRUCTIONS
HANDICRAFT ,
CENTKR
Mezianinc, Young Drug Co.
357 University Ave.
Bernats
Guaranteed Yarns
• Princcss Y.irns .if- lower
prices
• Woolydown for new
popular jackets
• Bernatspun Tweed and
matching y.irns
• Sock Y.irns
• New Angoras
FREE INSTRUCTIONS
HANDICRAFT ,
CENTKR
Mezianinc, Young Drug Co.
357 University Ave.
Bernats
Guaranteed Yarns
• Princcss Y.irns .if- lower
prices
• Woolydown for new
popular jackets
• Bernatspun Tweed and
matching y.irns
• Sock Y.irns
• New Angoras
FREE INSTRUCTIONS
HANDICRAFT ,
CENTKR
Mezianinc, Young Drug Co.
357 University Ave.
Bernats
Guaranteed Yarns
• Princcss Y.irns .if- lower
prices
• Woolydown for new
popular jackets
• Bernatspun Tweed and
matching y.irns
• Sock Y.irns
• New Angoras
FREE INSTRUCTIONS
HANDICRAFT ,
CENTKR
Mezianinc, Young Drug Co.
357 University Ave.
Bernats
Guaranteed Yarns
• Princcss Y.irns .if- lower
prices
• Woolydown for new
popular jackets
• Bernatspun Tweed and
matching y.irns
• Sock Y.irns
• New Angoras
FREE INSTRUCTIONS
HANDICRAFT ,
CENTKR
Mezianinc, Young Drug Co.
357 University Ave.
Bernats
Guaranteed Yarns
• Princcss Y.irns .if- lower
prices
• Woolydown for new
popular jackets
• Bernatspun Tweed and
matching y.irns
• Sock Y.irns
• New Angoras
FREE INSTRUCTIONS
HANDICRAFT ,
CENTKR
Mezianinc, Young Drug Co.
357 University Ave.
Bernats
Guaranteed Yarns
• Princcss Y.irns .if- lower
prices
• Woolydown for new
popular jackets
• Bernatspun Tweed and
matching y.irns
• Sock Y.irns
• New Angoras
FREE INSTRUCTIONS
HANDICRAFT ,
CENTKR
Mezianinc, Young Drug Co.
357 University Ave.
