# ROCKNE MEMORIAL
## 
### 
SOUTH BEND, Ind, May 15 (UP).
—Notre Dame's newly built Knute
Roekne Memorial Fieldhouse will be
dedieated June 3, as part of gradu
ation exercises.
SOUTH BEND, Ind, May 15 (UP).
—Notre Dame's newly built Knute
Roekne Memorial Fieldhouse will be
dedieated June 3, as part of gradu
ation exercises.
SOUTH BEND, Ind, May 15 (UP).
—Notre Dame's newly built Knute
Roekne Memorial Fieldhouse will be
dedieated June 3, as part of gradu
ation exercises.
SOUTH BEND, Ind, May 15 (UP).
—Notre Dame's newly built Knute
Roekne Memorial Fieldhouse will be
dedieated June 3, as part of gradu
ation exercises.
SOUTH BEND, Ind, May 15 (UP).
—Notre Dame's newly built Knute
Roekne Memorial Fieldhouse will be
dedieated June 3, as part of gradu
ation exercises.
SOUTH BEND, Ind, May 15 (UP).
—Notre Dame's newly built Knute
Roekne Memorial Fieldhouse will be
dedieated June 3, as part of gradu
ation exercises.
SOUTH BEND, Ind, May 15 (UP).
—Notre Dame's newly built Knute
Roekne Memorial Fieldhouse will be
dedieated June 3, as part of gradu
ation exercises.
SOUTH BEND, Ind, May 15 (UP).
—Notre Dame's newly built Knute
Roekne Memorial Fieldhouse will be
dedieated June 3, as part of gradu
ation exercises.
SOUTH BEND, Ind, May 15 (UP).
—Notre Dame's newly built Knute
Roekne Memorial Fieldhouse will be
dedieated June 3, as part of gradu
ation exercises.
SOUTH BEND, Ind, May 15 (UP).
—Notre Dame's newly built Knute
Roekne Memorial Fieldhouse will be
dedieated June 3, as part of gradu
ation exercises.
SOUTH BEND, Ind, May 15 (UP).
—Notre Dame's newly built Knute
Roekne Memorial Fieldhouse will be
dedieated June 3, as part of gradu
ation exercises.
SOUTH BEND, Ind, May 15 (UP).
—Notre Dame's newly built Knute
Roekne Memorial Fieldhouse will be
dedieated June 3, as part of gradu
ation exercises.
SOUTH BEND, Ind, May 15 (UP).
—Notre Dame's newly built Knute
Roekne Memorial Fieldhouse will be
dedieated June 3, as part of gradu
ation exercises.
SOUTH BEND, Ind, May 15 (UP).
—Notre Dame's newly built Knute
Roekne Memorial Fieldhouse will be
dedieated June 3, as part of gradu
ation exercises.
SOUTH BEND, Ind, May 15 (UP).
—Notre Dame's newly built Knute
Roekne Memorial Fieldhouse will be
dedieated June 3, as part of gradu
ation exercises.
SOUTH BEND, Ind, May 15 (UP).
—Notre Dame's newly built Knute
Roekne Memorial Fieldhouse will be
dedieated June 3, as part of gradu
ation exercises.
