# TRANSPORTATION TO JOLLY-UP ARRANGED
## 
### 
Cars will be sent around to the
various women's living groups to
convey sophomore women to the
jolly-up tomorrow night. The jolly
up will be from 7-8 o'clock at the
Women's Clubhouse. A three-piece
orchestra will furnish the music.
Cars will be sent around to the
various women's living groups to
convey sophomore women to the
jolly-up tomorrow night. The jolly
up will be from 7-8 o'clock at the
Women's Clubhouse. A three-piece
orchestra will furnish the music.
Cars will be sent around to the
various women's living groups to
convey sophomore women to the
jolly-up tomorrow night. The jolly
up will be from 7-8 o'clock at the
Women's Clubhouse. A three-piece
orchestra will furnish the music.
Cars will be sent around to the
various women's living groups to
convey sophomore women to the
jolly-up tomorrow night. The jolly
up will be from 7-8 o'clock at the
Women's Clubhouse. A three-piece
orchestra will furnish the music.
Cars will be sent around to the
various women's living groups to
convey sophomore women to the
jolly-up tomorrow night. The jolly
up will be from 7-8 o'clock at the
Women's Clubhouse. A three-piece
orchestra will furnish the music.
Cars will be sent around to the
various women's living groups to
convey sophomore women to the
jolly-up tomorrow night. The jolly
up will be from 7-8 o'clock at the
Women's Clubhouse. A three-piece
orchestra will furnish the music.
Cars will be sent around to the
various women's living groups to
convey sophomore women to the
jolly-up tomorrow night. The jolly
up will be from 7-8 o'clock at the
Women's Clubhouse. A three-piece
orchestra will furnish the music.
Cars will be sent around to the
various women's living groups to
convey sophomore women to the
jolly-up tomorrow night. The jolly
up will be from 7-8 o'clock at the
Women's Clubhouse. A three-piece
orchestra will furnish the music.
Cars will be sent around to the
various women's living groups to
convey sophomore women to the
jolly-up tomorrow night. The jolly
up will be from 7-8 o'clock at the
Women's Clubhouse. A three-piece
orchestra will furnish the music.
Cars will be sent around to the
various women's living groups to
convey sophomore women to the
jolly-up tomorrow night. The jolly
up will be from 7-8 o'clock at the
Women's Clubhouse. A three-piece
orchestra will furnish the music.
Cars will be sent around to the
various women's living groups to
convey sophomore women to the
jolly-up tomorrow night. The jolly
up will be from 7-8 o'clock at the
Women's Clubhouse. A three-piece
orchestra will furnish the music.
Cars will be sent around to the
various women's living groups to
convey sophomore women to the
jolly-up tomorrow night. The jolly
up will be from 7-8 o'clock at the
Women's Clubhouse. A three-piece
orchestra will furnish the music.
Cars will be sent around to the
various women's living groups to
convey sophomore women to the
jolly-up tomorrow night. The jolly
up will be from 7-8 o'clock at the
Women's Clubhouse. A three-piece
orchestra will furnish the music.
Cars will be sent around to the
various women's living groups to
convey sophomore women to the
jolly-up tomorrow night. The jolly
up will be from 7-8 o'clock at the
Women's Clubhouse. A three-piece
orchestra will furnish the music.
Cars will be sent around to the
various women's living groups to
convey sophomore women to the
jolly-up tomorrow night. The jolly
up will be from 7-8 o'clock at the
Women's Clubhouse. A three-piece
orchestra will furnish the music.
Cars will be sent around to the
various women's living groups to
convey sophomore women to the
jolly-up tomorrow night. The jolly
up will be from 7-8 o'clock at the
Women's Clubhouse. A three-piece
orchestra will furnish the music.
Cars will be sent around to the
various women's living groups to
convey sophomore women to the
jolly-up tomorrow night. The jolly
up will be from 7-8 o'clock at the
Women's Clubhouse. A three-piece
orchestra will furnish the music.
