# PROGRAMS FOR SOPH COTILLION ON HAND
## 
### 
Programs for the Sophomore
Cotillion are available in the
A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union for
those who have secured their bids.
They may be procured from today
until Friday.
A limited number of bids will be
sold for the dance which is to be
given in the Pavilion Friday night.
Final plans for the affair were made
last night at a meeting of the dance
committee.
Programs for the Sophomore
Cotillion are available in the
A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union for
those who have secured their bids.
They may be procured from today
until Friday.
A limited number of bids will be
sold for the dance which is to be
given in the Pavilion Friday night.
Final plans for the affair were made
last night at a meeting of the dance
committee.
Programs for the Sophomore
Cotillion are available in the
A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union for
those who have secured their bids.
They may be procured from today
until Friday.
A limited number of bids will be
sold for the dance which is to be
given in the Pavilion Friday night.
Final plans for the affair were made
last night at a meeting of the dance
committee.
Programs for the Sophomore
Cotillion are available in the
A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union for
those who have secured their bids.
They may be procured from today
until Friday.
A limited number of bids will be
sold for the dance which is to be
given in the Pavilion Friday night.
Final plans for the affair were made
last night at a meeting of the dance
committee.
Programs for the Sophomore
Cotillion are available in the
A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union for
those who have secured their bids.
They may be procured from today
until Friday.
A limited number of bids will be
sold for the dance which is to be
given in the Pavilion Friday night.
Final plans for the affair were made
last night at a meeting of the dance
committee.
Programs for the Sophomore
Cotillion are available in the
A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union for
those who have secured their bids.
They may be procured from today
until Friday.
A limited number of bids will be
sold for the dance which is to be
given in the Pavilion Friday night.
Final plans for the affair were made
last night at a meeting of the dance
committee.
Programs for the Sophomore
Cotillion are available in the
A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union for
those who have secured their bids.
They may be procured from today
until Friday.
A limited number of bids will be
sold for the dance which is to be
given in the Pavilion Friday night.
Final plans for the affair were made
last night at a meeting of the dance
committee.
Programs for the Sophomore
Cotillion are available in the
A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union for
those who have secured their bids.
They may be procured from today
until Friday.
A limited number of bids will be
sold for the dance which is to be
given in the Pavilion Friday night.
Final plans for the affair were made
last night at a meeting of the dance
committee.
Programs for the Sophomore
Cotillion are available in the
A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union for
those who have secured their bids.
They may be procured from today
until Friday.
A limited number of bids will be
sold for the dance which is to be
given in the Pavilion Friday night.
Final plans for the affair were made
last night at a meeting of the dance
committee.
Programs for the Sophomore
Cotillion are available in the
A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union for
those who have secured their bids.
They may be procured from today
until Friday.
A limited number of bids will be
sold for the dance which is to be
given in the Pavilion Friday night.
Final plans for the affair were made
last night at a meeting of the dance
committee.
Programs for the Sophomore
Cotillion are available in the
A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union for
those who have secured their bids.
They may be procured from today
until Friday.
A limited number of bids will be
sold for the dance which is to be
given in the Pavilion Friday night.
Final plans for the affair were made
last night at a meeting of the dance
committee.
Programs for the Sophomore
Cotillion are available in the
A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union for
those who have secured their bids.
They may be procured from today
until Friday.
A limited number of bids will be
sold for the dance which is to be
given in the Pavilion Friday night.
Final plans for the affair were made
last night at a meeting of the dance
committee.
Programs for the Sophomore
Cotillion are available in the
A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union for
those who have secured their bids.
They may be procured from today
until Friday.
A limited number of bids will be
sold for the dance which is to be
given in the Pavilion Friday night.
Final plans for the affair were made
last night at a meeting of the dance
committee.
Programs for the Sophomore
Cotillion are available in the
A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union for
those who have secured their bids.
They may be procured from today
until Friday.
A limited number of bids will be
sold for the dance which is to be
given in the Pavilion Friday night.
Final plans for the affair were made
last night at a meeting of the dance
committee.
Programs for the Sophomore
Cotillion are available in the
A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union for
those who have secured their bids.
They may be procured from today
until Friday.
A limited number of bids will be
sold for the dance which is to be
given in the Pavilion Friday night.
Final plans for the affair were made
last night at a meeting of the dance
committee.
Programs for the Sophomore
Cotillion are available in the
A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union for
those who have secured their bids.
They may be procured from today
until Friday.
A limited number of bids will be
sold for the dance which is to be
given in the Pavilion Friday night.
Final plans for the affair were made
last night at a meeting of the dance
committee.
Programs for the Sophomore
Cotillion are available in the
A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union for
those who have secured their bids.
They may be procured from today
until Friday.
A limited number of bids will be
sold for the dance which is to be
given in the Pavilion Friday night.
Final plans for the affair were made
last night at a meeting of the dance
committee.
