# SMOKES FIVE HOURS
## 
### 
SEVILLE, Spain, Nov. 11. (/Pi-
Mighty are some cigars here. For
instance, Jose Garciz Naranjo be
lieved he could smoke longer than
anybody else and somebody pro
vided a cigar 15 ;i 4 inches long
weighing a pound. Jose puffed five
hours.
SEVILLE, Spain, Nov. 11. (/Pi-
Mighty are some cigars here. For
instance, Jose Garciz Naranjo be
lieved he could smoke longer than
anybody else and somebody pro
vided a cigar 15 ;i 4 inches long
weighing a pound. Jose puffed five
hours.
SEVILLE, Spain, Nov. 11. (/Pi-
Mighty are some cigars here. For
instance, Jose Garciz Naranjo be
lieved he could smoke longer than
anybody else and somebody pro
vided a cigar 15 ;i 4 inches long
weighing a pound. Jose puffed five
hours.
SEVILLE, Spain, Nov. 11. (/Pi-
Mighty are some cigars here. For
instance, Jose Garciz Naranjo be
lieved he could smoke longer than
anybody else and somebody pro
vided a cigar 15 ;i 4 inches long
weighing a pound. Jose puffed five
hours.
SEVILLE, Spain, Nov. 11. (/Pi-
Mighty are some cigars here. For
instance, Jose Garciz Naranjo be
lieved he could smoke longer than
anybody else and somebody pro
vided a cigar 15 ;i 4 inches long
weighing a pound. Jose puffed five
hours.
SEVILLE, Spain, Nov. 11. (/Pi-
Mighty are some cigars here. For
instance, Jose Garciz Naranjo be
lieved he could smoke longer than
anybody else and somebody pro
vided a cigar 15 ;i 4 inches long
weighing a pound. Jose puffed five
hours.
SEVILLE, Spain, Nov. 11. (/Pi-
Mighty are some cigars here. For
instance, Jose Garciz Naranjo be
lieved he could smoke longer than
anybody else and somebody pro
vided a cigar 15 ;i 4 inches long
weighing a pound. Jose puffed five
hours.
SEVILLE, Spain, Nov. 11. (/Pi-
Mighty are some cigars here. For
instance, Jose Garciz Naranjo be
lieved he could smoke longer than
anybody else and somebody pro
vided a cigar 15 ;i 4 inches long
weighing a pound. Jose puffed five
hours.
SEVILLE, Spain, Nov. 11. (/Pi-
Mighty are some cigars here. For
instance, Jose Garciz Naranjo be
lieved he could smoke longer than
anybody else and somebody pro
vided a cigar 15 ;i 4 inches long
weighing a pound. Jose puffed five
hours.
SEVILLE, Spain, Nov. 11. (/Pi-
Mighty are some cigars here. For
instance, Jose Garciz Naranjo be
lieved he could smoke longer than
anybody else and somebody pro
vided a cigar 15 ;i 4 inches long
weighing a pound. Jose puffed five
hours.
SEVILLE, Spain, Nov. 11. (/Pi-
Mighty are some cigars here. For
instance, Jose Garciz Naranjo be
lieved he could smoke longer than
anybody else and somebody pro
vided a cigar 15 ;i 4 inches long
weighing a pound. Jose puffed five
hours.
SEVILLE, Spain, Nov. 11. (/Pi-
Mighty are some cigars here. For
instance, Jose Garciz Naranjo be
lieved he could smoke longer than
anybody else and somebody pro
vided a cigar 15 ;i 4 inches long
weighing a pound. Jose puffed five
hours.
SEVILLE, Spain, Nov. 11. (/Pi-
Mighty are some cigars here. For
instance, Jose Garciz Naranjo be
lieved he could smoke longer than
anybody else and somebody pro
vided a cigar 15 ;i 4 inches long
weighing a pound. Jose puffed five
hours.
SEVILLE, Spain, Nov. 11. (/Pi-
Mighty are some cigars here. For
instance, Jose Garciz Naranjo be
lieved he could smoke longer than
anybody else and somebody pro
vided a cigar 15 ;i 4 inches long
weighing a pound. Jose puffed five
hours.
SEVILLE, Spain, Nov. 11. (/Pi-
Mighty are some cigars here. For
instance, Jose Garciz Naranjo be
lieved he could smoke longer than
anybody else and somebody pro
vided a cigar 15 ;i 4 inches long
weighing a pound. Jose puffed five
hours.
SEVILLE, Spain, Nov. 11. (/Pi-
Mighty are some cigars here. For
instance, Jose Garciz Naranjo be
lieved he could smoke longer than
anybody else and somebody pro
vided a cigar 15 ;i 4 inches long
weighing a pound. Jose puffed five
hours.
SEVILLE, Spain, Nov. 11. (/Pi-
Mighty are some cigars here. For
instance, Jose Garciz Naranjo be
lieved he could smoke longer than
anybody else and somebody pro
vided a cigar 15 ;i 4 inches long
weighing a pound. Jose puffed five
hours.
