# Ferguson, Deitrick Win Moot Trial Competition
## 
### 
Douglas P. Ferguson was last
night selected as the first place
winner in the 11th annual Marion
Rice Kirkland competition. Ira G.
Deitrick won second place. And
third place was shared by J.
Thomas Van Winkle and Richard
F. Miller. Ferguson and Deitrick
represented the Western Airlines,
Inc. Van Winkle and Miller rep
resented John G. Sobicski. Cali
fornia Commissioner of Corpora
tions.

The Case involved the power of
the California Commissioner of
Corporations to regulate share
holders’ voting rights of a Dela
ware corporation.
Douglas P. Ferguson was last
night selected as the first place
winner in the 11th annual Marion
Rice Kirkland competition. Ira G.
Deitrick won second place. And
third place was shared by J.
Thomas Van Winkle and Richard
F. Miller. Ferguson and Deitrick
represented the Western Airlines,
Inc. Van Winkle and Miller rep
resented John G. Sobicski. Cali
fornia Commissioner of Corpora
tions.

The Case involved the power of
the California Commissioner of
Corporations to regulate share
holders’ voting rights of a Dela
ware corporation.
Douglas P. Ferguson was last
night selected as the first place
winner in the 11th annual Marion
Rice Kirkland competition. Ira G.
Deitrick won second place. And
third place was shared by J.
Thomas Van Winkle and Richard
F. Miller. Ferguson and Deitrick
represented the Western Airlines,
Inc. Van Winkle and Miller rep
resented John G. Sobicski. Cali
fornia Commissioner of Corpora
tions.

The Case involved the power of
the California Commissioner of
Corporations to regulate share
holders’ voting rights of a Dela
ware corporation.
Douglas P. Ferguson was last
night selected as the first place
winner in the 11th annual Marion
Rice Kirkland competition. Ira G.
Deitrick won second place. And
third place was shared by J.
Thomas Van Winkle and Richard
F. Miller. Ferguson and Deitrick
represented the Western Airlines,
Inc. Van Winkle and Miller rep
resented John G. Sobicski. Cali
fornia Commissioner of Corpora
tions.

The Case involved the power of
the California Commissioner of
Corporations to regulate share
holders’ voting rights of a Dela
ware corporation.
Douglas P. Ferguson was last
night selected as the first place
winner in the 11th annual Marion
Rice Kirkland competition. Ira G.
Deitrick won second place. And
third place was shared by J.
Thomas Van Winkle and Richard
F. Miller. Ferguson and Deitrick
represented the Western Airlines,
Inc. Van Winkle and Miller rep
resented John G. Sobicski. Cali
fornia Commissioner of Corpora
tions.

The Case involved the power of
the California Commissioner of
Corporations to regulate share
holders’ voting rights of a Dela
ware corporation.
Douglas P. Ferguson was last
night selected as the first place
winner in the 11th annual Marion
Rice Kirkland competition. Ira G.
Deitrick won second place. And
third place was shared by J.
Thomas Van Winkle and Richard
F. Miller. Ferguson and Deitrick
represented the Western Airlines,
Inc. Van Winkle and Miller rep
resented John G. Sobicski. Cali
fornia Commissioner of Corpora
tions.

The Case involved the power of
the California Commissioner of
Corporations to regulate share
holders’ voting rights of a Dela
ware corporation.
Douglas P. Ferguson was last
night selected as the first place
winner in the 11th annual Marion
Rice Kirkland competition. Ira G.
Deitrick won second place. And
third place was shared by J.
Thomas Van Winkle and Richard
F. Miller. Ferguson and Deitrick
represented the Western Airlines,
Inc. Van Winkle and Miller rep
resented John G. Sobicski. Cali
fornia Commissioner of Corpora
tions.

The Case involved the power of
the California Commissioner of
Corporations to regulate share
holders’ voting rights of a Dela
ware corporation.
Douglas P. Ferguson was last
night selected as the first place
winner in the 11th annual Marion
Rice Kirkland competition. Ira G.
Deitrick won second place. And
third place was shared by J.
Thomas Van Winkle and Richard
F. Miller. Ferguson and Deitrick
represented the Western Airlines,
Inc. Van Winkle and Miller rep
resented John G. Sobicski. Cali
fornia Commissioner of Corpora
tions.

The Case involved the power of
the California Commissioner of
Corporations to regulate share
holders’ voting rights of a Dela
ware corporation.
Douglas P. Ferguson was last
night selected as the first place
winner in the 11th annual Marion
Rice Kirkland competition. Ira G.
Deitrick won second place. And
third place was shared by J.
Thomas Van Winkle and Richard
F. Miller. Ferguson and Deitrick
represented the Western Airlines,
Inc. Van Winkle and Miller rep
resented John G. Sobicski. Cali
fornia Commissioner of Corpora
tions.

The Case involved the power of
the California Commissioner of
Corporations to regulate share
holders’ voting rights of a Dela
ware corporation.
Douglas P. Ferguson was last
night selected as the first place
winner in the 11th annual Marion
Rice Kirkland competition. Ira G.
Deitrick won second place. And
third place was shared by J.
Thomas Van Winkle and Richard
F. Miller. Ferguson and Deitrick
represented the Western Airlines,
Inc. Van Winkle and Miller rep
resented John G. Sobicski. Cali
fornia Commissioner of Corpora
tions.

The Case involved the power of
the California Commissioner of
Corporations to regulate share
holders’ voting rights of a Dela
ware corporation.
Douglas P. Ferguson was last
night selected as the first place
winner in the 11th annual Marion
Rice Kirkland competition. Ira G.
Deitrick won second place. And
third place was shared by J.
Thomas Van Winkle and Richard
F. Miller. Ferguson and Deitrick
represented the Western Airlines,
Inc. Van Winkle and Miller rep
resented John G. Sobicski. Cali
fornia Commissioner of Corpora
tions.

The Case involved the power of
the California Commissioner of
Corporations to regulate share
holders’ voting rights of a Dela
ware corporation.
Douglas P. Ferguson was last
night selected as the first place
winner in the 11th annual Marion
Rice Kirkland competition. Ira G.
Deitrick won second place. And
third place was shared by J.
Thomas Van Winkle and Richard
F. Miller. Ferguson and Deitrick
represented the Western Airlines,
Inc. Van Winkle and Miller rep
resented John G. Sobicski. Cali
fornia Commissioner of Corpora
tions.

The Case involved the power of
the California Commissioner of
Corporations to regulate share
holders’ voting rights of a Dela
ware corporation.
Douglas P. Ferguson was last
night selected as the first place
winner in the 11th annual Marion
Rice Kirkland competition. Ira G.
Deitrick won second place. And
third place was shared by J.
Thomas Van Winkle and Richard
F. Miller. Ferguson and Deitrick
represented the Western Airlines,
Inc. Van Winkle and Miller rep
resented John G. Sobicski. Cali
fornia Commissioner of Corpora
tions.

The Case involved the power of
the California Commissioner of
Corporations to regulate share
holders’ voting rights of a Dela
ware corporation.
Douglas P. Ferguson was last
night selected as the first place
winner in the 11th annual Marion
Rice Kirkland competition. Ira G.
Deitrick won second place. And
third place was shared by J.
Thomas Van Winkle and Richard
F. Miller. Ferguson and Deitrick
represented the Western Airlines,
Inc. Van Winkle and Miller rep
resented John G. Sobicski. Cali
fornia Commissioner of Corpora
tions.

The Case involved the power of
the California Commissioner of
Corporations to regulate share
holders’ voting rights of a Dela
ware corporation.
Douglas P. Ferguson was last
night selected as the first place
winner in the 11th annual Marion
Rice Kirkland competition. Ira G.
Deitrick won second place. And
third place was shared by J.
Thomas Van Winkle and Richard
F. Miller. Ferguson and Deitrick
represented the Western Airlines,
Inc. Van Winkle and Miller rep
resented John G. Sobicski. Cali
fornia Commissioner of Corpora
tions.

The Case involved the power of
the California Commissioner of
Corporations to regulate share
holders’ voting rights of a Dela
ware corporation.
Douglas P. Ferguson was last
night selected as the first place
winner in the 11th annual Marion
Rice Kirkland competition. Ira G.
Deitrick won second place. And
third place was shared by J.
Thomas Van Winkle and Richard
F. Miller. Ferguson and Deitrick
represented the Western Airlines,
Inc. Van Winkle and Miller rep
resented John G. Sobicski. Cali
fornia Commissioner of Corpora
tions.

The Case involved the power of
the California Commissioner of
Corporations to regulate share
holders’ voting rights of a Dela
ware corporation.
