# Lifeguards Needed
## 
### 
Lifeguar.ding positions are open
at the Women's Pool for spring
quarter, announces Ihe Women's
Recreation Association. Infer*
ested applicants may sec Miss
Strathairn, W-14, today or witliin
the next week.
Also open is the position of
publicity manager of WRA. All
women Interested in applying: are
asked to contact Nancy Henry,;
Roth.
Lifeguar.ding positions are open
at the Women's Pool for spring
quarter, announces Ihe Women's
Recreation Association. Infer*
ested applicants may sec Miss
Strathairn, W-14, today or witliin
the next week.
Also open is the position of
publicity manager of WRA. All
women Interested in applying: are
asked to contact Nancy Henry,;
Roth.
Lifeguar.ding positions are open
at the Women's Pool for spring
quarter, announces Ihe Women's
Recreation Association. Infer*
ested applicants may sec Miss
Strathairn, W-14, today or witliin
the next week.
Also open is the position of
publicity manager of WRA. All
women Interested in applying: are
asked to contact Nancy Henry,;
Roth.
Lifeguar.ding positions are open
at the Women's Pool for spring
quarter, announces Ihe Women's
Recreation Association. Infer*
ested applicants may sec Miss
Strathairn, W-14, today or witliin
the next week.
Also open is the position of
publicity manager of WRA. All
women Interested in applying: are
asked to contact Nancy Henry,;
Roth.
Lifeguar.ding positions are open
at the Women's Pool for spring
quarter, announces Ihe Women's
Recreation Association. Infer*
ested applicants may sec Miss
Strathairn, W-14, today or witliin
the next week.
Also open is the position of
publicity manager of WRA. All
women Interested in applying: are
asked to contact Nancy Henry,;
Roth.
Lifeguar.ding positions are open
at the Women's Pool for spring
quarter, announces Ihe Women's
Recreation Association. Infer*
ested applicants may sec Miss
Strathairn, W-14, today or witliin
the next week.
Also open is the position of
publicity manager of WRA. All
women Interested in applying: are
asked to contact Nancy Henry,;
Roth.
Lifeguar.ding positions are open
at the Women's Pool for spring
quarter, announces Ihe Women's
Recreation Association. Infer*
ested applicants may sec Miss
Strathairn, W-14, today or witliin
the next week.
Also open is the position of
publicity manager of WRA. All
women Interested in applying: are
asked to contact Nancy Henry,;
Roth.
Lifeguar.ding positions are open
at the Women's Pool for spring
quarter, announces Ihe Women's
Recreation Association. Infer*
ested applicants may sec Miss
Strathairn, W-14, today or witliin
the next week.
Also open is the position of
publicity manager of WRA. All
women Interested in applying: are
asked to contact Nancy Henry,;
Roth.
Lifeguar.ding positions are open
at the Women's Pool for spring
quarter, announces Ihe Women's
Recreation Association. Infer*
ested applicants may sec Miss
Strathairn, W-14, today or witliin
the next week.
Also open is the position of
publicity manager of WRA. All
women Interested in applying: are
asked to contact Nancy Henry,;
Roth.
Lifeguar.ding positions are open
at the Women's Pool for spring
quarter, announces Ihe Women's
Recreation Association. Infer*
ested applicants may sec Miss
Strathairn, W-14, today or witliin
the next week.
Also open is the position of
publicity manager of WRA. All
women Interested in applying: are
asked to contact Nancy Henry,;
Roth.
Lifeguar.ding positions are open
at the Women's Pool for spring
quarter, announces Ihe Women's
Recreation Association. Infer*
ested applicants may sec Miss
Strathairn, W-14, today or witliin
the next week.
Also open is the position of
publicity manager of WRA. All
women Interested in applying: are
asked to contact Nancy Henry,;
Roth.
Lifeguar.ding positions are open
at the Women's Pool for spring
quarter, announces Ihe Women's
Recreation Association. Infer*
ested applicants may sec Miss
Strathairn, W-14, today or witliin
the next week.
Also open is the position of
publicity manager of WRA. All
women Interested in applying: are
asked to contact Nancy Henry,;
Roth.
Lifeguar.ding positions are open
at the Women's Pool for spring
quarter, announces Ihe Women's
Recreation Association. Infer*
ested applicants may sec Miss
Strathairn, W-14, today or witliin
the next week.
Also open is the position of
publicity manager of WRA. All
women Interested in applying: are
asked to contact Nancy Henry,;
Roth.
Lifeguar.ding positions are open
at the Women's Pool for spring
quarter, announces Ihe Women's
Recreation Association. Infer*
ested applicants may sec Miss
Strathairn, W-14, today or witliin
the next week.
Also open is the position of
publicity manager of WRA. All
women Interested in applying: are
asked to contact Nancy Henry,;
Roth.
Lifeguar.ding positions are open
at the Women's Pool for spring
quarter, announces Ihe Women's
Recreation Association. Infer*
ested applicants may sec Miss
Strathairn, W-14, today or witliin
the next week.
Also open is the position of
publicity manager of WRA. All
women Interested in applying: are
asked to contact Nancy Henry,;
Roth.
Lifeguar.ding positions are open
at the Women's Pool for spring
quarter, announces Ihe Women's
Recreation Association. Infer*
ested applicants may sec Miss
Strathairn, W-14, today or witliin
the next week.
Also open is the position of
publicity manager of WRA. All
women Interested in applying: are
asked to contact Nancy Henry,;
Roth.
Lifeguar.ding positions are open
at the Women's Pool for spring
quarter, announces Ihe Women's
Recreation Association. Infer*
ested applicants may sec Miss
Strathairn, W-14, today or witliin
the next week.
Also open is the position of
publicity manager of WRA. All
women Interested in applying: are
asked to contact Nancy Henry,;
Roth.
