# Concert Tapes
## 
### 
The Music Department will pre
sent tape-recorded concerts of
student vocalists, instrumental
ists and conductors this noon
downstairs in the Dinkelspiel re
hearsal hall.
Three other concerts next Mon
day, Tuesday and Friday noons
will complete the series. The
public is invited to all the con
certs.
The Music Department will pre
sent tape-recorded concerts of
student vocalists, instrumental
ists and conductors this noon
downstairs in the Dinkelspiel re
hearsal hall.
Three other concerts next Mon
day, Tuesday and Friday noons
will complete the series. The
public is invited to all the con
certs.
The Music Department will pre
sent tape-recorded concerts of
student vocalists, instrumental
ists and conductors this noon
downstairs in the Dinkelspiel re
hearsal hall.
Three other concerts next Mon
day, Tuesday and Friday noons
will complete the series. The
public is invited to all the con
certs.
The Music Department will pre
sent tape-recorded concerts of
student vocalists, instrumental
ists and conductors this noon
downstairs in the Dinkelspiel re
hearsal hall.
Three other concerts next Mon
day, Tuesday and Friday noons
will complete the series. The
public is invited to all the con
certs.
The Music Department will pre
sent tape-recorded concerts of
student vocalists, instrumental
ists and conductors this noon
downstairs in the Dinkelspiel re
hearsal hall.
Three other concerts next Mon
day, Tuesday and Friday noons
will complete the series. The
public is invited to all the con
certs.
The Music Department will pre
sent tape-recorded concerts of
student vocalists, instrumental
ists and conductors this noon
downstairs in the Dinkelspiel re
hearsal hall.
Three other concerts next Mon
day, Tuesday and Friday noons
will complete the series. The
public is invited to all the con
certs.
The Music Department will pre
sent tape-recorded concerts of
student vocalists, instrumental
ists and conductors this noon
downstairs in the Dinkelspiel re
hearsal hall.
Three other concerts next Mon
day, Tuesday and Friday noons
will complete the series. The
public is invited to all the con
certs.
The Music Department will pre
sent tape-recorded concerts of
student vocalists, instrumental
ists and conductors this noon
downstairs in the Dinkelspiel re
hearsal hall.
Three other concerts next Mon
day, Tuesday and Friday noons
will complete the series. The
public is invited to all the con
certs.
The Music Department will pre
sent tape-recorded concerts of
student vocalists, instrumental
ists and conductors this noon
downstairs in the Dinkelspiel re
hearsal hall.
Three other concerts next Mon
day, Tuesday and Friday noons
will complete the series. The
public is invited to all the con
certs.
The Music Department will pre
sent tape-recorded concerts of
student vocalists, instrumental
ists and conductors this noon
downstairs in the Dinkelspiel re
hearsal hall.
Three other concerts next Mon
day, Tuesday and Friday noons
will complete the series. The
public is invited to all the con
certs.
The Music Department will pre
sent tape-recorded concerts of
student vocalists, instrumental
ists and conductors this noon
downstairs in the Dinkelspiel re
hearsal hall.
Three other concerts next Mon
day, Tuesday and Friday noons
will complete the series. The
public is invited to all the con
certs.
The Music Department will pre
sent tape-recorded concerts of
student vocalists, instrumental
ists and conductors this noon
downstairs in the Dinkelspiel re
hearsal hall.
Three other concerts next Mon
day, Tuesday and Friday noons
will complete the series. The
public is invited to all the con
certs.
The Music Department will pre
sent tape-recorded concerts of
student vocalists, instrumental
ists and conductors this noon
downstairs in the Dinkelspiel re
hearsal hall.
Three other concerts next Mon
day, Tuesday and Friday noons
will complete the series. The
public is invited to all the con
certs.
The Music Department will pre
sent tape-recorded concerts of
student vocalists, instrumental
ists and conductors this noon
downstairs in the Dinkelspiel re
hearsal hall.
Three other concerts next Mon
day, Tuesday and Friday noons
will complete the series. The
public is invited to all the con
certs.
The Music Department will pre
sent tape-recorded concerts of
student vocalists, instrumental
ists and conductors this noon
downstairs in the Dinkelspiel re
hearsal hall.
Three other concerts next Mon
day, Tuesday and Friday noons
will complete the series. The
public is invited to all the con
certs.
The Music Department will pre
sent tape-recorded concerts of
student vocalists, instrumental
ists and conductors this noon
downstairs in the Dinkelspiel re
hearsal hall.
Three other concerts next Mon
day, Tuesday and Friday noons
will complete the series. The
public is invited to all the con
certs.
The Music Department will pre
sent tape-recorded concerts of
student vocalists, instrumental
ists and conductors this noon
downstairs in the Dinkelspiel re
hearsal hall.
Three other concerts next Mon
day, Tuesday and Friday noons
will complete the series. The
public is invited to all the con
certs.
