# Time Schedule Changes Noted
## 
### 
Two errors in the Spring
Quarter Time Schedule have
been reported by the Regis
trar's Office. All special and
group examinations listed in
the Time Schedule for Tues
day. June 10. will be held Wed
nesday, June 11, at the same
hours as listed in the Time
Schedule.
The office of Medical Micro
biology announces an omission
from the Spring Time Sched
ule: 314. Current Literature,
dhr (Clifton) |1| will be of
fered spring quarter.
Two errors in the Spring
Quarter Time Schedule have
been reported by the Regis
trar's Office. All special and
group examinations listed in
the Time Schedule for Tues
day. June 10. will be held Wed
nesday, June 11, at the same
hours as listed in the Time
Schedule.
The office of Medical Micro
biology announces an omission
from the Spring Time Sched
ule: 314. Current Literature,
dhr (Clifton) |1| will be of
fered spring quarter.
Two errors in the Spring
Quarter Time Schedule have
been reported by the Regis
trar's Office. All special and
group examinations listed in
the Time Schedule for Tues
day. June 10. will be held Wed
nesday, June 11, at the same
hours as listed in the Time
Schedule.
The office of Medical Micro
biology announces an omission
from the Spring Time Sched
ule: 314. Current Literature,
dhr (Clifton) |1| will be of
fered spring quarter.
Two errors in the Spring
Quarter Time Schedule have
been reported by the Regis
trar's Office. All special and
group examinations listed in
the Time Schedule for Tues
day. June 10. will be held Wed
nesday, June 11, at the same
hours as listed in the Time
Schedule.
The office of Medical Micro
biology announces an omission
from the Spring Time Sched
ule: 314. Current Literature,
dhr (Clifton) |1| will be of
fered spring quarter.
Two errors in the Spring
Quarter Time Schedule have
been reported by the Regis
trar's Office. All special and
group examinations listed in
the Time Schedule for Tues
day. June 10. will be held Wed
nesday, June 11, at the same
hours as listed in the Time
Schedule.
The office of Medical Micro
biology announces an omission
from the Spring Time Sched
ule: 314. Current Literature,
dhr (Clifton) |1| will be of
fered spring quarter.
Two errors in the Spring
Quarter Time Schedule have
been reported by the Regis
trar's Office. All special and
group examinations listed in
the Time Schedule for Tues
day. June 10. will be held Wed
nesday, June 11, at the same
hours as listed in the Time
Schedule.
The office of Medical Micro
biology announces an omission
from the Spring Time Sched
ule: 314. Current Literature,
dhr (Clifton) |1| will be of
fered spring quarter.
Two errors in the Spring
Quarter Time Schedule have
been reported by the Regis
trar's Office. All special and
group examinations listed in
the Time Schedule for Tues
day. June 10. will be held Wed
nesday, June 11, at the same
hours as listed in the Time
Schedule.
The office of Medical Micro
biology announces an omission
from the Spring Time Sched
ule: 314. Current Literature,
dhr (Clifton) |1| will be of
fered spring quarter.
Two errors in the Spring
Quarter Time Schedule have
been reported by the Regis
trar's Office. All special and
group examinations listed in
the Time Schedule for Tues
day. June 10. will be held Wed
nesday, June 11, at the same
hours as listed in the Time
Schedule.
The office of Medical Micro
biology announces an omission
from the Spring Time Sched
ule: 314. Current Literature,
dhr (Clifton) |1| will be of
fered spring quarter.
Two errors in the Spring
Quarter Time Schedule have
been reported by the Regis
trar's Office. All special and
group examinations listed in
the Time Schedule for Tues
day. June 10. will be held Wed
nesday, June 11, at the same
hours as listed in the Time
Schedule.
The office of Medical Micro
biology announces an omission
from the Spring Time Sched
ule: 314. Current Literature,
dhr (Clifton) |1| will be of
fered spring quarter.
Two errors in the Spring
Quarter Time Schedule have
been reported by the Regis
trar's Office. All special and
group examinations listed in
the Time Schedule for Tues
day. June 10. will be held Wed
nesday, June 11, at the same
hours as listed in the Time
Schedule.
The office of Medical Micro
biology announces an omission
from the Spring Time Sched
ule: 314. Current Literature,
dhr (Clifton) |1| will be of
fered spring quarter.
Two errors in the Spring
Quarter Time Schedule have
been reported by the Regis
trar's Office. All special and
group examinations listed in
the Time Schedule for Tues
day. June 10. will be held Wed
nesday, June 11, at the same
hours as listed in the Time
Schedule.
The office of Medical Micro
biology announces an omission
from the Spring Time Sched
ule: 314. Current Literature,
dhr (Clifton) |1| will be of
fered spring quarter.
Two errors in the Spring
Quarter Time Schedule have
been reported by the Regis
trar's Office. All special and
group examinations listed in
the Time Schedule for Tues
day. June 10. will be held Wed
nesday, June 11, at the same
hours as listed in the Time
Schedule.
The office of Medical Micro
biology announces an omission
from the Spring Time Sched
ule: 314. Current Literature,
dhr (Clifton) |1| will be of
fered spring quarter.
Two errors in the Spring
Quarter Time Schedule have
been reported by the Regis
trar's Office. All special and
group examinations listed in
the Time Schedule for Tues
day. June 10. will be held Wed
nesday, June 11, at the same
hours as listed in the Time
Schedule.
The office of Medical Micro
biology announces an omission
from the Spring Time Sched
ule: 314. Current Literature,
dhr (Clifton) |1| will be of
fered spring quarter.
Two errors in the Spring
Quarter Time Schedule have
been reported by the Regis
trar's Office. All special and
group examinations listed in
the Time Schedule for Tues
day. June 10. will be held Wed
nesday, June 11, at the same
hours as listed in the Time
Schedule.
The office of Medical Micro
biology announces an omission
from the Spring Time Sched
ule: 314. Current Literature,
dhr (Clifton) |1| will be of
fered spring quarter.
Two errors in the Spring
Quarter Time Schedule have
been reported by the Regis
trar's Office. All special and
group examinations listed in
the Time Schedule for Tues
day. June 10. will be held Wed
nesday, June 11, at the same
hours as listed in the Time
Schedule.
The office of Medical Micro
biology announces an omission
from the Spring Time Sched
ule: 314. Current Literature,
dhr (Clifton) |1| will be of
fered spring quarter.
Two errors in the Spring
Quarter Time Schedule have
been reported by the Regis
trar's Office. All special and
group examinations listed in
the Time Schedule for Tues
day. June 10. will be held Wed
nesday, June 11, at the same
hours as listed in the Time
Schedule.
The office of Medical Micro
biology announces an omission
from the Spring Time Sched
ule: 314. Current Literature,
dhr (Clifton) |1| will be of
fered spring quarter.
Two errors in the Spring
Quarter Time Schedule have
been reported by the Regis
trar's Office. All special and
group examinations listed in
the Time Schedule for Tues
day. June 10. will be held Wed
nesday, June 11, at the same
hours as listed in the Time
Schedule.
The office of Medical Micro
biology announces an omission
from the Spring Time Sched
ule: 314. Current Literature,
dhr (Clifton) |1| will be of
fered spring quarter.
