# Cal, SU Plan Grad Exchange
## 
### 
Staff members of the Univer
sity of California and Stanford
philosophy departments will meet
Tuesday to discuss a graduate ex
change program.
"Ways and means" of making
available certain graduate philos
ophy courses to students of both
universities will be worked out,
according to J. D. Goheen. philos
ophy professor. Under the new
program, students from Stanford
will be able to attend University
of California graduate courses,
and vice versa.
Staff members of the Univer
sity of California and Stanford
philosophy departments will meet
Tuesday to discuss a graduate ex
change program.
"Ways and means" of making
available certain graduate philos
ophy courses to students of both
universities will be worked out,
according to J. D. Goheen. philos
ophy professor. Under the new
program, students from Stanford
will be able to attend University
of California graduate courses,
and vice versa.
Staff members of the Univer
sity of California and Stanford
philosophy departments will meet
Tuesday to discuss a graduate ex
change program.
"Ways and means" of making
available certain graduate philos
ophy courses to students of both
universities will be worked out,
according to J. D. Goheen. philos
ophy professor. Under the new
program, students from Stanford
will be able to attend University
of California graduate courses,
and vice versa.
Staff members of the Univer
sity of California and Stanford
philosophy departments will meet
Tuesday to discuss a graduate ex
change program.
"Ways and means" of making
available certain graduate philos
ophy courses to students of both
universities will be worked out,
according to J. D. Goheen. philos
ophy professor. Under the new
program, students from Stanford
will be able to attend University
of California graduate courses,
and vice versa.
Staff members of the Univer
sity of California and Stanford
philosophy departments will meet
Tuesday to discuss a graduate ex
change program.
"Ways and means" of making
available certain graduate philos
ophy courses to students of both
universities will be worked out,
according to J. D. Goheen. philos
ophy professor. Under the new
program, students from Stanford
will be able to attend University
of California graduate courses,
and vice versa.
Staff members of the Univer
sity of California and Stanford
philosophy departments will meet
Tuesday to discuss a graduate ex
change program.
"Ways and means" of making
available certain graduate philos
ophy courses to students of both
universities will be worked out,
according to J. D. Goheen. philos
ophy professor. Under the new
program, students from Stanford
will be able to attend University
of California graduate courses,
and vice versa.
Staff members of the Univer
sity of California and Stanford
philosophy departments will meet
Tuesday to discuss a graduate ex
change program.
"Ways and means" of making
available certain graduate philos
ophy courses to students of both
universities will be worked out,
according to J. D. Goheen. philos
ophy professor. Under the new
program, students from Stanford
will be able to attend University
of California graduate courses,
and vice versa.
Staff members of the Univer
sity of California and Stanford
philosophy departments will meet
Tuesday to discuss a graduate ex
change program.
"Ways and means" of making
available certain graduate philos
ophy courses to students of both
universities will be worked out,
according to J. D. Goheen. philos
ophy professor. Under the new
program, students from Stanford
will be able to attend University
of California graduate courses,
and vice versa.
Staff members of the Univer
sity of California and Stanford
philosophy departments will meet
Tuesday to discuss a graduate ex
change program.
"Ways and means" of making
available certain graduate philos
ophy courses to students of both
universities will be worked out,
according to J. D. Goheen. philos
ophy professor. Under the new
program, students from Stanford
will be able to attend University
of California graduate courses,
and vice versa.
Staff members of the Univer
sity of California and Stanford
philosophy departments will meet
Tuesday to discuss a graduate ex
change program.
"Ways and means" of making
available certain graduate philos
ophy courses to students of both
universities will be worked out,
according to J. D. Goheen. philos
ophy professor. Under the new
program, students from Stanford
will be able to attend University
of California graduate courses,
and vice versa.
Staff members of the Univer
sity of California and Stanford
philosophy departments will meet
Tuesday to discuss a graduate ex
change program.
"Ways and means" of making
available certain graduate philos
ophy courses to students of both
universities will be worked out,
according to J. D. Goheen. philos
ophy professor. Under the new
program, students from Stanford
will be able to attend University
of California graduate courses,
and vice versa.
Staff members of the Univer
sity of California and Stanford
philosophy departments will meet
Tuesday to discuss a graduate ex
change program.
"Ways and means" of making
available certain graduate philos
ophy courses to students of both
universities will be worked out,
according to J. D. Goheen. philos
ophy professor. Under the new
program, students from Stanford
will be able to attend University
of California graduate courses,
and vice versa.
Staff members of the Univer
sity of California and Stanford
philosophy departments will meet
Tuesday to discuss a graduate ex
change program.
"Ways and means" of making
available certain graduate philos
ophy courses to students of both
universities will be worked out,
according to J. D. Goheen. philos
ophy professor. Under the new
program, students from Stanford
will be able to attend University
of California graduate courses,
and vice versa.
Staff members of the Univer
sity of California and Stanford
philosophy departments will meet
Tuesday to discuss a graduate ex
change program.
"Ways and means" of making
available certain graduate philos
ophy courses to students of both
universities will be worked out,
according to J. D. Goheen. philos
ophy professor. Under the new
program, students from Stanford
will be able to attend University
of California graduate courses,
and vice versa.
Staff members of the Univer
sity of California and Stanford
philosophy departments will meet
Tuesday to discuss a graduate ex
change program.
"Ways and means" of making
available certain graduate philos
ophy courses to students of both
universities will be worked out,
according to J. D. Goheen. philos
ophy professor. Under the new
program, students from Stanford
will be able to attend University
of California graduate courses,
and vice versa.
Staff members of the Univer
sity of California and Stanford
philosophy departments will meet
Tuesday to discuss a graduate ex
change program.
"Ways and means" of making
available certain graduate philos
ophy courses to students of both
universities will be worked out,
according to J. D. Goheen. philos
ophy professor. Under the new
program, students from Stanford
will be able to attend University
of California graduate courses,
and vice versa.
Staff members of the Univer
sity of California and Stanford
philosophy departments will meet
Tuesday to discuss a graduate ex
change program.
"Ways and means" of making
available certain graduate philos
ophy courses to students of both
universities will be worked out,
according to J. D. Goheen. philos
ophy professor. Under the new
program, students from Stanford
will be able to attend University
of California graduate courses,
and vice versa.
