# â€™61 Froshbooks
## 
### 
Quad Froshbooks go into their
second day of sale today at Engi
neering Corner from 9 a.m. to 3
p.m. The books sell for $1.50 and
carry llie pictures of everyone in
the Class of '61.
Quad Froshbooks go into their
second day of sale today at Engi
neering Corner from 9 a.m. to 3
p.m. The books sell for $1.50 and
carry llie pictures of everyone in
the Class of '61.
Quad Froshbooks go into their
second day of sale today at Engi
neering Corner from 9 a.m. to 3
p.m. The books sell for $1.50 and
carry llie pictures of everyone in
the Class of '61.
Quad Froshbooks go into their
second day of sale today at Engi
neering Corner from 9 a.m. to 3
p.m. The books sell for $1.50 and
carry llie pictures of everyone in
the Class of '61.
Quad Froshbooks go into their
second day of sale today at Engi
neering Corner from 9 a.m. to 3
p.m. The books sell for $1.50 and
carry llie pictures of everyone in
the Class of '61.
Quad Froshbooks go into their
second day of sale today at Engi
neering Corner from 9 a.m. to 3
p.m. The books sell for $1.50 and
carry llie pictures of everyone in
the Class of '61.
Quad Froshbooks go into their
second day of sale today at Engi
neering Corner from 9 a.m. to 3
p.m. The books sell for $1.50 and
carry llie pictures of everyone in
the Class of '61.
Quad Froshbooks go into their
second day of sale today at Engi
neering Corner from 9 a.m. to 3
p.m. The books sell for $1.50 and
carry llie pictures of everyone in
the Class of '61.
Quad Froshbooks go into their
second day of sale today at Engi
neering Corner from 9 a.m. to 3
p.m. The books sell for $1.50 and
carry llie pictures of everyone in
the Class of '61.
Quad Froshbooks go into their
second day of sale today at Engi
neering Corner from 9 a.m. to 3
p.m. The books sell for $1.50 and
carry llie pictures of everyone in
the Class of '61.
Quad Froshbooks go into their
second day of sale today at Engi
neering Corner from 9 a.m. to 3
p.m. The books sell for $1.50 and
carry llie pictures of everyone in
the Class of '61.
Quad Froshbooks go into their
second day of sale today at Engi
neering Corner from 9 a.m. to 3
p.m. The books sell for $1.50 and
carry llie pictures of everyone in
the Class of '61.
Quad Froshbooks go into their
second day of sale today at Engi
neering Corner from 9 a.m. to 3
p.m. The books sell for $1.50 and
carry llie pictures of everyone in
the Class of '61.
Quad Froshbooks go into their
second day of sale today at Engi
neering Corner from 9 a.m. to 3
p.m. The books sell for $1.50 and
carry llie pictures of everyone in
the Class of '61.
Quad Froshbooks go into their
second day of sale today at Engi
neering Corner from 9 a.m. to 3
p.m. The books sell for $1.50 and
carry llie pictures of everyone in
the Class of '61.
Quad Froshbooks go into their
second day of sale today at Engi
neering Corner from 9 a.m. to 3
p.m. The books sell for $1.50 and
carry llie pictures of everyone in
the Class of '61.
Quad Froshbooks go into their
second day of sale today at Engi
neering Corner from 9 a.m. to 3
p.m. The books sell for $1.50 and
carry llie pictures of everyone in
the Class of '61.
