# Adv. 13 Page 3
## 
### 
KINGSLEY
COACHSNG
CENTER
Stanford trained teachers
to assist lower division
students in all subjects.
128 Kingsley P.A. 6223
Isabel D. Rose, Prin.
KINGSLEY
COACHSNG
CENTER
Stanford trained teachers
to assist lower division
students in all subjects.
128 Kingsley P.A. 6223
Isabel D. Rose, Prin.
KINGSLEY
COACHSNG
CENTER
Stanford trained teachers
to assist lower division
students in all subjects.
128 Kingsley P.A. 6223
Isabel D. Rose, Prin.
KINGSLEY
COACHSNG
CENTER
Stanford trained teachers
to assist lower division
students in all subjects.
128 Kingsley P.A. 6223
Isabel D. Rose, Prin.
KINGSLEY
COACHSNG
CENTER
Stanford trained teachers
to assist lower division
students in all subjects.
128 Kingsley P.A. 6223
Isabel D. Rose, Prin.
KINGSLEY
COACHSNG
CENTER
Stanford trained teachers
to assist lower division
students in all subjects.
128 Kingsley P.A. 6223
Isabel D. Rose, Prin.
KINGSLEY
COACHSNG
CENTER
Stanford trained teachers
to assist lower division
students in all subjects.
128 Kingsley P.A. 6223
Isabel D. Rose, Prin.
KINGSLEY
COACHSNG
CENTER
Stanford trained teachers
to assist lower division
students in all subjects.
128 Kingsley P.A. 6223
Isabel D. Rose, Prin.
KINGSLEY
COACHSNG
CENTER
Stanford trained teachers
to assist lower division
students in all subjects.
128 Kingsley P.A. 6223
Isabel D. Rose, Prin.
KINGSLEY
COACHSNG
CENTER
Stanford trained teachers
to assist lower division
students in all subjects.
128 Kingsley P.A. 6223
Isabel D. Rose, Prin.
KINGSLEY
COACHSNG
CENTER
Stanford trained teachers
to assist lower division
students in all subjects.
128 Kingsley P.A. 6223
Isabel D. Rose, Prin.
KINGSLEY
COACHSNG
CENTER
Stanford trained teachers
to assist lower division
students in all subjects.
128 Kingsley P.A. 6223
Isabel D. Rose, Prin.
KINGSLEY
COACHSNG
CENTER
Stanford trained teachers
to assist lower division
students in all subjects.
128 Kingsley P.A. 6223
Isabel D. Rose, Prin.
KINGSLEY
COACHSNG
CENTER
Stanford trained teachers
to assist lower division
students in all subjects.
128 Kingsley P.A. 6223
Isabel D. Rose, Prin.
KINGSLEY
COACHSNG
CENTER
Stanford trained teachers
to assist lower division
students in all subjects.
128 Kingsley P.A. 6223
Isabel D. Rose, Prin.
