# Words Preserved for Posterity
## 
### 

RECORDING THE PROCEEDINGS of Ex Committee verbatim on his
stenotype machine is Lawrence Winters, who shows A.S.S.U. Vice
President Barbara Murphy how the gadget works. (Photo by Dndman)

RECORDING THE PROCEEDINGS of Ex Committee verbatim on his
stenotype machine is Lawrence Winters, who shows A.S.S.U. Vice
President Barbara Murphy how the gadget works. (Photo by Dndman)

RECORDING THE PROCEEDINGS of Ex Committee verbatim on his
stenotype machine is Lawrence Winters, who shows A.S.S.U. Vice
President Barbara Murphy how the gadget works. (Photo by Dndman)

RECORDING THE PROCEEDINGS of Ex Committee verbatim on his
stenotype machine is Lawrence Winters, who shows A.S.S.U. Vice
President Barbara Murphy how the gadget works. (Photo by Dndman)

RECORDING THE PROCEEDINGS of Ex Committee verbatim on his
stenotype machine is Lawrence Winters, who shows A.S.S.U. Vice
President Barbara Murphy how the gadget works. (Photo by Dndman)

RECORDING THE PROCEEDINGS of Ex Committee verbatim on his
stenotype machine is Lawrence Winters, who shows A.S.S.U. Vice
President Barbara Murphy how the gadget works. (Photo by Dndman)

RECORDING THE PROCEEDINGS of Ex Committee verbatim on his
stenotype machine is Lawrence Winters, who shows A.S.S.U. Vice
President Barbara Murphy how the gadget works. (Photo by Dndman)

RECORDING THE PROCEEDINGS of Ex Committee verbatim on his
stenotype machine is Lawrence Winters, who shows A.S.S.U. Vice
President Barbara Murphy how the gadget works. (Photo by Dndman)

RECORDING THE PROCEEDINGS of Ex Committee verbatim on his
stenotype machine is Lawrence Winters, who shows A.S.S.U. Vice
President Barbara Murphy how the gadget works. (Photo by Dndman)

RECORDING THE PROCEEDINGS of Ex Committee verbatim on his
stenotype machine is Lawrence Winters, who shows A.S.S.U. Vice
President Barbara Murphy how the gadget works. (Photo by Dndman)

RECORDING THE PROCEEDINGS of Ex Committee verbatim on his
stenotype machine is Lawrence Winters, who shows A.S.S.U. Vice
President Barbara Murphy how the gadget works. (Photo by Dndman)

RECORDING THE PROCEEDINGS of Ex Committee verbatim on his
stenotype machine is Lawrence Winters, who shows A.S.S.U. Vice
President Barbara Murphy how the gadget works. (Photo by Dndman)

RECORDING THE PROCEEDINGS of Ex Committee verbatim on his
stenotype machine is Lawrence Winters, who shows A.S.S.U. Vice
President Barbara Murphy how the gadget works. (Photo by Dndman)

RECORDING THE PROCEEDINGS of Ex Committee verbatim on his
stenotype machine is Lawrence Winters, who shows A.S.S.U. Vice
President Barbara Murphy how the gadget works. (Photo by Dndman)

RECORDING THE PROCEEDINGS of Ex Committee verbatim on his
stenotype machine is Lawrence Winters, who shows A.S.S.U. Vice
President Barbara Murphy how the gadget works. (Photo by Dndman)
