# King City Groups Give Bean Lunches
## 
### 
Beans served today in all living
groups so price of the regular meal
can go to the Convalescent Home
Drive were contributed by various
King City organizations, it was an
nounced yesterday.
These included the Chamber of
Commerce, Bank of America branch,
Monterey County Bank branch, Ro
tary Club, American Legion, Toast
masters' Club, 20-30 Club, and
Firemen. Twenty-five boxes of ap
ples were given by Franich Broth
ers, N. M. Borina, A. N. Jerenich,
and M. P. Resetar, Watsonville mer
chants.
Beans served today in all living
groups so price of the regular meal
can go to the Convalescent Home
Drive were contributed by various
King City organizations, it was an
nounced yesterday.
These included the Chamber of
Commerce, Bank of America branch,
Monterey County Bank branch, Ro
tary Club, American Legion, Toast
masters' Club, 20-30 Club, and
Firemen. Twenty-five boxes of ap
ples were given by Franich Broth
ers, N. M. Borina, A. N. Jerenich,
and M. P. Resetar, Watsonville mer
chants.
Beans served today in all living
groups so price of the regular meal
can go to the Convalescent Home
Drive were contributed by various
King City organizations, it was an
nounced yesterday.
These included the Chamber of
Commerce, Bank of America branch,
Monterey County Bank branch, Ro
tary Club, American Legion, Toast
masters' Club, 20-30 Club, and
Firemen. Twenty-five boxes of ap
ples were given by Franich Broth
ers, N. M. Borina, A. N. Jerenich,
and M. P. Resetar, Watsonville mer
chants.
Beans served today in all living
groups so price of the regular meal
can go to the Convalescent Home
Drive were contributed by various
King City organizations, it was an
nounced yesterday.
These included the Chamber of
Commerce, Bank of America branch,
Monterey County Bank branch, Ro
tary Club, American Legion, Toast
masters' Club, 20-30 Club, and
Firemen. Twenty-five boxes of ap
ples were given by Franich Broth
ers, N. M. Borina, A. N. Jerenich,
and M. P. Resetar, Watsonville mer
chants.
Beans served today in all living
groups so price of the regular meal
can go to the Convalescent Home
Drive were contributed by various
King City organizations, it was an
nounced yesterday.
These included the Chamber of
Commerce, Bank of America branch,
Monterey County Bank branch, Ro
tary Club, American Legion, Toast
masters' Club, 20-30 Club, and
Firemen. Twenty-five boxes of ap
ples were given by Franich Broth
ers, N. M. Borina, A. N. Jerenich,
and M. P. Resetar, Watsonville mer
chants.
Beans served today in all living
groups so price of the regular meal
can go to the Convalescent Home
Drive were contributed by various
King City organizations, it was an
nounced yesterday.
These included the Chamber of
Commerce, Bank of America branch,
Monterey County Bank branch, Ro
tary Club, American Legion, Toast
masters' Club, 20-30 Club, and
Firemen. Twenty-five boxes of ap
ples were given by Franich Broth
ers, N. M. Borina, A. N. Jerenich,
and M. P. Resetar, Watsonville mer
chants.
Beans served today in all living
groups so price of the regular meal
can go to the Convalescent Home
Drive were contributed by various
King City organizations, it was an
nounced yesterday.
These included the Chamber of
Commerce, Bank of America branch,
Monterey County Bank branch, Ro
tary Club, American Legion, Toast
masters' Club, 20-30 Club, and
Firemen. Twenty-five boxes of ap
ples were given by Franich Broth
ers, N. M. Borina, A. N. Jerenich,
and M. P. Resetar, Watsonville mer
chants.
Beans served today in all living
groups so price of the regular meal
can go to the Convalescent Home
Drive were contributed by various
King City organizations, it was an
nounced yesterday.
These included the Chamber of
Commerce, Bank of America branch,
Monterey County Bank branch, Ro
tary Club, American Legion, Toast
masters' Club, 20-30 Club, and
Firemen. Twenty-five boxes of ap
ples were given by Franich Broth
ers, N. M. Borina, A. N. Jerenich,
and M. P. Resetar, Watsonville mer
chants.
Beans served today in all living
groups so price of the regular meal
can go to the Convalescent Home
Drive were contributed by various
King City organizations, it was an
nounced yesterday.
These included the Chamber of
Commerce, Bank of America branch,
Monterey County Bank branch, Ro
tary Club, American Legion, Toast
masters' Club, 20-30 Club, and
Firemen. Twenty-five boxes of ap
ples were given by Franich Broth
ers, N. M. Borina, A. N. Jerenich,
and M. P. Resetar, Watsonville mer
chants.
Beans served today in all living
groups so price of the regular meal
can go to the Convalescent Home
Drive were contributed by various
King City organizations, it was an
nounced yesterday.
These included the Chamber of
Commerce, Bank of America branch,
Monterey County Bank branch, Ro
tary Club, American Legion, Toast
masters' Club, 20-30 Club, and
Firemen. Twenty-five boxes of ap
ples were given by Franich Broth
ers, N. M. Borina, A. N. Jerenich,
and M. P. Resetar, Watsonville mer
chants.
Beans served today in all living
groups so price of the regular meal
can go to the Convalescent Home
Drive were contributed by various
King City organizations, it was an
nounced yesterday.
These included the Chamber of
Commerce, Bank of America branch,
Monterey County Bank branch, Ro
tary Club, American Legion, Toast
masters' Club, 20-30 Club, and
Firemen. Twenty-five boxes of ap
ples were given by Franich Broth
ers, N. M. Borina, A. N. Jerenich,
and M. P. Resetar, Watsonville mer
chants.
Beans served today in all living
groups so price of the regular meal
can go to the Convalescent Home
Drive were contributed by various
King City organizations, it was an
nounced yesterday.
These included the Chamber of
Commerce, Bank of America branch,
Monterey County Bank branch, Ro
tary Club, American Legion, Toast
masters' Club, 20-30 Club, and
Firemen. Twenty-five boxes of ap
ples were given by Franich Broth
ers, N. M. Borina, A. N. Jerenich,
and M. P. Resetar, Watsonville mer
chants.
Beans served today in all living
groups so price of the regular meal
can go to the Convalescent Home
Drive were contributed by various
King City organizations, it was an
nounced yesterday.
These included the Chamber of
Commerce, Bank of America branch,
Monterey County Bank branch, Ro
tary Club, American Legion, Toast
masters' Club, 20-30 Club, and
Firemen. Twenty-five boxes of ap
ples were given by Franich Broth
ers, N. M. Borina, A. N. Jerenich,
and M. P. Resetar, Watsonville mer
chants.
Beans served today in all living
groups so price of the regular meal
can go to the Convalescent Home
Drive were contributed by various
King City organizations, it was an
nounced yesterday.
These included the Chamber of
Commerce, Bank of America branch,
Monterey County Bank branch, Ro
tary Club, American Legion, Toast
masters' Club, 20-30 Club, and
Firemen. Twenty-five boxes of ap
ples were given by Franich Broth
ers, N. M. Borina, A. N. Jerenich,
and M. P. Resetar, Watsonville mer
chants.
Beans served today in all living
groups so price of the regular meal
can go to the Convalescent Home
Drive were contributed by various
King City organizations, it was an
nounced yesterday.
These included the Chamber of
Commerce, Bank of America branch,
Monterey County Bank branch, Ro
tary Club, American Legion, Toast
masters' Club, 20-30 Club, and
Firemen. Twenty-five boxes of ap
ples were given by Franich Broth
ers, N. M. Borina, A. N. Jerenich,
and M. P. Resetar, Watsonville mer
chants.
