# Leading Hitter
## 
### 

GLENN HAMILTON, pitcher and
left-fielder, led the Var:ity base
ball squad with a batting average
of .483 this season.

GLENN HAMILTON, pitcher and
left-fielder, led the Var:ity base
ball squad with a batting average
of .483 this season.

GLENN HAMILTON, pitcher and
left-fielder, led the Var:ity base
ball squad with a batting average
of .483 this season.

GLENN HAMILTON, pitcher and
left-fielder, led the Var:ity base
ball squad with a batting average
of .483 this season.

GLENN HAMILTON, pitcher and
left-fielder, led the Var:ity base
ball squad with a batting average
of .483 this season.

GLENN HAMILTON, pitcher and
left-fielder, led the Var:ity base
ball squad with a batting average
of .483 this season.

GLENN HAMILTON, pitcher and
left-fielder, led the Var:ity base
ball squad with a batting average
of .483 this season.

GLENN HAMILTON, pitcher and
left-fielder, led the Var:ity base
ball squad with a batting average
of .483 this season.

GLENN HAMILTON, pitcher and
left-fielder, led the Var:ity base
ball squad with a batting average
of .483 this season.

GLENN HAMILTON, pitcher and
left-fielder, led the Var:ity base
ball squad with a batting average
of .483 this season.

GLENN HAMILTON, pitcher and
left-fielder, led the Var:ity base
ball squad with a batting average
of .483 this season.

GLENN HAMILTON, pitcher and
left-fielder, led the Var:ity base
ball squad with a batting average
of .483 this season.

GLENN HAMILTON, pitcher and
left-fielder, led the Var:ity base
ball squad with a batting average
of .483 this season.

GLENN HAMILTON, pitcher and
left-fielder, led the Var:ity base
ball squad with a batting average
of .483 this season.

GLENN HAMILTON, pitcher and
left-fielder, led the Var:ity base
ball squad with a batting average
of .483 this season.
