# Cal Gridder Signed By Philly Athletics
## 
### 
BERKELEY, May 2 (UP). — The
Philadelphia Athletics have signed
Sam Chapman, University of Cali
fornia's star football and baseball
player, Wallace Fredericks, the Uni
versity's director of publicity, an
nounced today.
Chapman will play outfield. Terms
were not disclosed but it was re
ported Chapman received $8500 for
signing a contract.
BERKELEY, May 2 (UP). — The
Philadelphia Athletics have signed
Sam Chapman, University of Cali
fornia's star football and baseball
player, Wallace Fredericks, the Uni
versity's director of publicity, an
nounced today.
Chapman will play outfield. Terms
were not disclosed but it was re
ported Chapman received $8500 for
signing a contract.
BERKELEY, May 2 (UP). — The
Philadelphia Athletics have signed
Sam Chapman, University of Cali
fornia's star football and baseball
player, Wallace Fredericks, the Uni
versity's director of publicity, an
nounced today.
Chapman will play outfield. Terms
were not disclosed but it was re
ported Chapman received $8500 for
signing a contract.
BERKELEY, May 2 (UP). — The
Philadelphia Athletics have signed
Sam Chapman, University of Cali
fornia's star football and baseball
player, Wallace Fredericks, the Uni
versity's director of publicity, an
nounced today.
Chapman will play outfield. Terms
were not disclosed but it was re
ported Chapman received $8500 for
signing a contract.
BERKELEY, May 2 (UP). — The
Philadelphia Athletics have signed
Sam Chapman, University of Cali
fornia's star football and baseball
player, Wallace Fredericks, the Uni
versity's director of publicity, an
nounced today.
Chapman will play outfield. Terms
were not disclosed but it was re
ported Chapman received $8500 for
signing a contract.
BERKELEY, May 2 (UP). — The
Philadelphia Athletics have signed
Sam Chapman, University of Cali
fornia's star football and baseball
player, Wallace Fredericks, the Uni
versity's director of publicity, an
nounced today.
Chapman will play outfield. Terms
were not disclosed but it was re
ported Chapman received $8500 for
signing a contract.
BERKELEY, May 2 (UP). — The
Philadelphia Athletics have signed
Sam Chapman, University of Cali
fornia's star football and baseball
player, Wallace Fredericks, the Uni
versity's director of publicity, an
nounced today.
Chapman will play outfield. Terms
were not disclosed but it was re
ported Chapman received $8500 for
signing a contract.
BERKELEY, May 2 (UP). — The
Philadelphia Athletics have signed
Sam Chapman, University of Cali
fornia's star football and baseball
player, Wallace Fredericks, the Uni
versity's director of publicity, an
nounced today.
Chapman will play outfield. Terms
were not disclosed but it was re
ported Chapman received $8500 for
signing a contract.
BERKELEY, May 2 (UP). — The
Philadelphia Athletics have signed
Sam Chapman, University of Cali
fornia's star football and baseball
player, Wallace Fredericks, the Uni
versity's director of publicity, an
nounced today.
Chapman will play outfield. Terms
were not disclosed but it was re
ported Chapman received $8500 for
signing a contract.
BERKELEY, May 2 (UP). — The
Philadelphia Athletics have signed
Sam Chapman, University of Cali
fornia's star football and baseball
player, Wallace Fredericks, the Uni
versity's director of publicity, an
nounced today.
Chapman will play outfield. Terms
were not disclosed but it was re
ported Chapman received $8500 for
signing a contract.
BERKELEY, May 2 (UP). — The
Philadelphia Athletics have signed
Sam Chapman, University of Cali
fornia's star football and baseball
player, Wallace Fredericks, the Uni
versity's director of publicity, an
nounced today.
Chapman will play outfield. Terms
were not disclosed but it was re
ported Chapman received $8500 for
signing a contract.
BERKELEY, May 2 (UP). — The
Philadelphia Athletics have signed
Sam Chapman, University of Cali
fornia's star football and baseball
player, Wallace Fredericks, the Uni
versity's director of publicity, an
nounced today.
Chapman will play outfield. Terms
were not disclosed but it was re
ported Chapman received $8500 for
signing a contract.
BERKELEY, May 2 (UP). — The
Philadelphia Athletics have signed
Sam Chapman, University of Cali
fornia's star football and baseball
player, Wallace Fredericks, the Uni
versity's director of publicity, an
nounced today.
Chapman will play outfield. Terms
were not disclosed but it was re
ported Chapman received $8500 for
signing a contract.
BERKELEY, May 2 (UP). — The
Philadelphia Athletics have signed
Sam Chapman, University of Cali
fornia's star football and baseball
player, Wallace Fredericks, the Uni
versity's director of publicity, an
nounced today.
Chapman will play outfield. Terms
were not disclosed but it was re
ported Chapman received $8500 for
signing a contract.
BERKELEY, May 2 (UP). — The
Philadelphia Athletics have signed
Sam Chapman, University of Cali
fornia's star football and baseball
player, Wallace Fredericks, the Uni
versity's director of publicity, an
nounced today.
Chapman will play outfield. Terms
were not disclosed but it was re
ported Chapman received $8500 for
signing a contract.
