# Japan Officers Suicide in China
## 
### 
SHANGHAI, May 2 (UP) — A
well-informed neutral source today
said that there has been a wave of
suicides among minor Japanese of
ficials in China, due to the prolong
ation of their duties in China and
recent Japanese setbacks. Details
were not available.
Diplomatic quarters meanwhile
admitted the possible accuracy of a
London report that Britain was
planning to offer to mediate the war
within several months, but said that
the outlook for peace at the present
time was hopeless.
The mere British desire to pacify
the Orient would not assure an arm
istice since China is still an obstacle
in negotiations, especially since her
surprising military success of the
past two months. Foreign military
observers predicted Japan would re
quire at least another 500.000 men
before beginning a campaign against
Hankow.
SHANGHAI, May 2 (UP) — A
well-informed neutral source today
said that there has been a wave of
suicides among minor Japanese of
ficials in China, due to the prolong
ation of their duties in China and
recent Japanese setbacks. Details
were not available.
Diplomatic quarters meanwhile
admitted the possible accuracy of a
London report that Britain was
planning to offer to mediate the war
within several months, but said that
the outlook for peace at the present
time was hopeless.
The mere British desire to pacify
the Orient would not assure an arm
istice since China is still an obstacle
in negotiations, especially since her
surprising military success of the
past two months. Foreign military
observers predicted Japan would re
quire at least another 500.000 men
before beginning a campaign against
Hankow.
SHANGHAI, May 2 (UP) — A
well-informed neutral source today
said that there has been a wave of
suicides among minor Japanese of
ficials in China, due to the prolong
ation of their duties in China and
recent Japanese setbacks. Details
were not available.
Diplomatic quarters meanwhile
admitted the possible accuracy of a
London report that Britain was
planning to offer to mediate the war
within several months, but said that
the outlook for peace at the present
time was hopeless.
The mere British desire to pacify
the Orient would not assure an arm
istice since China is still an obstacle
in negotiations, especially since her
surprising military success of the
past two months. Foreign military
observers predicted Japan would re
quire at least another 500.000 men
before beginning a campaign against
Hankow.
SHANGHAI, May 2 (UP) — A
well-informed neutral source today
said that there has been a wave of
suicides among minor Japanese of
ficials in China, due to the prolong
ation of their duties in China and
recent Japanese setbacks. Details
were not available.
Diplomatic quarters meanwhile
admitted the possible accuracy of a
London report that Britain was
planning to offer to mediate the war
within several months, but said that
the outlook for peace at the present
time was hopeless.
The mere British desire to pacify
the Orient would not assure an arm
istice since China is still an obstacle
in negotiations, especially since her
surprising military success of the
past two months. Foreign military
observers predicted Japan would re
quire at least another 500.000 men
before beginning a campaign against
Hankow.
SHANGHAI, May 2 (UP) — A
well-informed neutral source today
said that there has been a wave of
suicides among minor Japanese of
ficials in China, due to the prolong
ation of their duties in China and
recent Japanese setbacks. Details
were not available.
Diplomatic quarters meanwhile
admitted the possible accuracy of a
London report that Britain was
planning to offer to mediate the war
within several months, but said that
the outlook for peace at the present
time was hopeless.
The mere British desire to pacify
the Orient would not assure an arm
istice since China is still an obstacle
in negotiations, especially since her
surprising military success of the
past two months. Foreign military
observers predicted Japan would re
quire at least another 500.000 men
before beginning a campaign against
Hankow.
SHANGHAI, May 2 (UP) — A
well-informed neutral source today
said that there has been a wave of
suicides among minor Japanese of
ficials in China, due to the prolong
ation of their duties in China and
recent Japanese setbacks. Details
were not available.
Diplomatic quarters meanwhile
admitted the possible accuracy of a
London report that Britain was
planning to offer to mediate the war
within several months, but said that
the outlook for peace at the present
time was hopeless.
The mere British desire to pacify
the Orient would not assure an arm
istice since China is still an obstacle
in negotiations, especially since her
surprising military success of the
past two months. Foreign military
observers predicted Japan would re
quire at least another 500.000 men
before beginning a campaign against
Hankow.
SHANGHAI, May 2 (UP) — A
well-informed neutral source today
said that there has been a wave of
suicides among minor Japanese of
ficials in China, due to the prolong
ation of their duties in China and
recent Japanese setbacks. Details
were not available.
Diplomatic quarters meanwhile
admitted the possible accuracy of a
London report that Britain was
planning to offer to mediate the war
within several months, but said that
the outlook for peace at the present
time was hopeless.
The mere British desire to pacify
the Orient would not assure an arm
istice since China is still an obstacle
in negotiations, especially since her
surprising military success of the
past two months. Foreign military
observers predicted Japan would re
quire at least another 500.000 men
before beginning a campaign against
Hankow.
SHANGHAI, May 2 (UP) — A
well-informed neutral source today
said that there has been a wave of
suicides among minor Japanese of
ficials in China, due to the prolong
ation of their duties in China and
recent Japanese setbacks. Details
were not available.
Diplomatic quarters meanwhile
admitted the possible accuracy of a
London report that Britain was
planning to offer to mediate the war
within several months, but said that
the outlook for peace at the present
time was hopeless.
The mere British desire to pacify
the Orient would not assure an arm
istice since China is still an obstacle
in negotiations, especially since her
surprising military success of the
past two months. Foreign military
observers predicted Japan would re
quire at least another 500.000 men
before beginning a campaign against
Hankow.
SHANGHAI, May 2 (UP) — A
well-informed neutral source today
said that there has been a wave of
suicides among minor Japanese of
ficials in China, due to the prolong
ation of their duties in China and
recent Japanese setbacks. Details
were not available.
Diplomatic quarters meanwhile
admitted the possible accuracy of a
London report that Britain was
planning to offer to mediate the war
within several months, but said that
the outlook for peace at the present
time was hopeless.
The mere British desire to pacify
the Orient would not assure an arm
istice since China is still an obstacle
in negotiations, especially since her
surprising military success of the
past two months. Foreign military
observers predicted Japan would re
quire at least another 500.000 men
before beginning a campaign against
Hankow.
SHANGHAI, May 2 (UP) — A
well-informed neutral source today
said that there has been a wave of
suicides among minor Japanese of
ficials in China, due to the prolong
ation of their duties in China and
recent Japanese setbacks. Details
were not available.
Diplomatic quarters meanwhile
admitted the possible accuracy of a
London report that Britain was
planning to offer to mediate the war
within several months, but said that
the outlook for peace at the present
time was hopeless.
The mere British desire to pacify
the Orient would not assure an arm
istice since China is still an obstacle
in negotiations, especially since her
surprising military success of the
past two months. Foreign military
observers predicted Japan would re
quire at least another 500.000 men
before beginning a campaign against
Hankow.
SHANGHAI, May 2 (UP) — A
well-informed neutral source today
said that there has been a wave of
suicides among minor Japanese of
ficials in China, due to the prolong
ation of their duties in China and
recent Japanese setbacks. Details
were not available.
Diplomatic quarters meanwhile
admitted the possible accuracy of a
London report that Britain was
planning to offer to mediate the war
within several months, but said that
the outlook for peace at the present
time was hopeless.
The mere British desire to pacify
the Orient would not assure an arm
istice since China is still an obstacle
in negotiations, especially since her
surprising military success of the
past two months. Foreign military
observers predicted Japan would re
quire at least another 500.000 men
before beginning a campaign against
Hankow.
SHANGHAI, May 2 (UP) — A
well-informed neutral source today
said that there has been a wave of
suicides among minor Japanese of
ficials in China, due to the prolong
ation of their duties in China and
recent Japanese setbacks. Details
were not available.
Diplomatic quarters meanwhile
admitted the possible accuracy of a
London report that Britain was
planning to offer to mediate the war
within several months, but said that
the outlook for peace at the present
time was hopeless.
The mere British desire to pacify
the Orient would not assure an arm
istice since China is still an obstacle
in negotiations, especially since her
surprising military success of the
past two months. Foreign military
observers predicted Japan would re
quire at least another 500.000 men
before beginning a campaign against
Hankow.
SHANGHAI, May 2 (UP) — A
well-informed neutral source today
said that there has been a wave of
suicides among minor Japanese of
ficials in China, due to the prolong
ation of their duties in China and
recent Japanese setbacks. Details
were not available.
Diplomatic quarters meanwhile
admitted the possible accuracy of a
London report that Britain was
planning to offer to mediate the war
within several months, but said that
the outlook for peace at the present
time was hopeless.
The mere British desire to pacify
the Orient would not assure an arm
istice since China is still an obstacle
in negotiations, especially since her
surprising military success of the
past two months. Foreign military
observers predicted Japan would re
quire at least another 500.000 men
before beginning a campaign against
Hankow.
SHANGHAI, May 2 (UP) — A
well-informed neutral source today
said that there has been a wave of
suicides among minor Japanese of
ficials in China, due to the prolong
ation of their duties in China and
recent Japanese setbacks. Details
were not available.
Diplomatic quarters meanwhile
admitted the possible accuracy of a
London report that Britain was
planning to offer to mediate the war
within several months, but said that
the outlook for peace at the present
time was hopeless.
The mere British desire to pacify
the Orient would not assure an arm
istice since China is still an obstacle
in negotiations, especially since her
surprising military success of the
past two months. Foreign military
observers predicted Japan would re
quire at least another 500.000 men
before beginning a campaign against
Hankow.
SHANGHAI, May 2 (UP) — A
well-informed neutral source today
said that there has been a wave of
suicides among minor Japanese of
ficials in China, due to the prolong
ation of their duties in China and
recent Japanese setbacks. Details
were not available.
Diplomatic quarters meanwhile
admitted the possible accuracy of a
London report that Britain was
planning to offer to mediate the war
within several months, but said that
the outlook for peace at the present
time was hopeless.
The mere British desire to pacify
the Orient would not assure an arm
istice since China is still an obstacle
in negotiations, especially since her
surprising military success of the
past two months. Foreign military
observers predicted Japan would re
quire at least another 500.000 men
before beginning a campaign against
Hankow.
