# Fair Seeks Farm Queen Candidate
## 
### 
If you are "charming and com
petent," of Italian ancestry, and
between the ages of 18 and 30
years, you may be a Queen in
1939.
Beautification of North Beach
for the 1930 Golden Gate Expo
sition, Inc., is looking for a young
woman to act as its Italian-
American queen in San Fran
cisco next year.
"Stanford should have at least
one candidate in our queen con
test," the beautification commit
tee believes. The queen will be
given a free trip to Europe. Her
runners-up, who will be prin
cesses, will be offered trips to
Honolulu, New York, and Alaska
after the Exposition is finished.
So, if you miss the old Masque
Ball King and Queen contest, you
can still have a hand in choosing
a queen. The beautification
committee has sent The Daily an
application blank, and if you are
interested you can come in and
iill it out for vour "queen. "
