# Stanford Visitors Number 112.860
## 
### 
A total of 112,860 persons visitei
on the Stanford quad during the yeat
1937-38, according to a day-by-day
count taken at Memorial Arch. Rec
ord month was last July, when 20,
053 visitors were counted. The small
est number was recorded in Febru
ary, 1938, when 5,739 were counted
A record day for visitors was April
17, 1935, when 2,485 visitors were
counted.
A total of 112,860 persons visitei
on the Stanford quad during the yeat
1937-38, according to a day-by-day
count taken at Memorial Arch. Rec
ord month was last July, when 20,
053 visitors were counted. The small
est number was recorded in Febru
ary, 1938, when 5,739 were counted
A record day for visitors was April
17, 1935, when 2,485 visitors were
counted.
A total of 112,860 persons visitei
on the Stanford quad during the yeat
1937-38, according to a day-by-day
count taken at Memorial Arch. Rec
ord month was last July, when 20,
053 visitors were counted. The small
est number was recorded in Febru
ary, 1938, when 5,739 were counted
A record day for visitors was April
17, 1935, when 2,485 visitors were
counted.
A total of 112,860 persons visitei
on the Stanford quad during the yeat
1937-38, according to a day-by-day
count taken at Memorial Arch. Rec
ord month was last July, when 20,
053 visitors were counted. The small
est number was recorded in Febru
ary, 1938, when 5,739 were counted
A record day for visitors was April
17, 1935, when 2,485 visitors were
counted.
A total of 112,860 persons visitei
on the Stanford quad during the yeat
1937-38, according to a day-by-day
count taken at Memorial Arch. Rec
ord month was last July, when 20,
053 visitors were counted. The small
est number was recorded in Febru
ary, 1938, when 5,739 were counted
A record day for visitors was April
17, 1935, when 2,485 visitors were
counted.
A total of 112,860 persons visitei
on the Stanford quad during the yeat
1937-38, according to a day-by-day
count taken at Memorial Arch. Rec
ord month was last July, when 20,
053 visitors were counted. The small
est number was recorded in Febru
ary, 1938, when 5,739 were counted
A record day for visitors was April
17, 1935, when 2,485 visitors were
counted.
A total of 112,860 persons visitei
on the Stanford quad during the yeat
1937-38, according to a day-by-day
count taken at Memorial Arch. Rec
ord month was last July, when 20,
053 visitors were counted. The small
est number was recorded in Febru
ary, 1938, when 5,739 were counted
A record day for visitors was April
17, 1935, when 2,485 visitors were
counted.
A total of 112,860 persons visitei
on the Stanford quad during the yeat
1937-38, according to a day-by-day
count taken at Memorial Arch. Rec
ord month was last July, when 20,
053 visitors were counted. The small
est number was recorded in Febru
ary, 1938, when 5,739 were counted
A record day for visitors was April
17, 1935, when 2,485 visitors were
counted.
A total of 112,860 persons visitei
on the Stanford quad during the yeat
1937-38, according to a day-by-day
count taken at Memorial Arch. Rec
ord month was last July, when 20,
053 visitors were counted. The small
est number was recorded in Febru
ary, 1938, when 5,739 were counted
A record day for visitors was April
17, 1935, when 2,485 visitors were
counted.
A total of 112,860 persons visitei
on the Stanford quad during the yeat
1937-38, according to a day-by-day
count taken at Memorial Arch. Rec
ord month was last July, when 20,
053 visitors were counted. The small
est number was recorded in Febru
ary, 1938, when 5,739 were counted
A record day for visitors was April
17, 1935, when 2,485 visitors were
counted.
A total of 112,860 persons visitei
on the Stanford quad during the yeat
1937-38, according to a day-by-day
count taken at Memorial Arch. Rec
ord month was last July, when 20,
053 visitors were counted. The small
est number was recorded in Febru
ary, 1938, when 5,739 were counted
A record day for visitors was April
17, 1935, when 2,485 visitors were
counted.
A total of 112,860 persons visitei
on the Stanford quad during the yeat
1937-38, according to a day-by-day
count taken at Memorial Arch. Rec
ord month was last July, when 20,
053 visitors were counted. The small
est number was recorded in Febru
ary, 1938, when 5,739 were counted
A record day for visitors was April
17, 1935, when 2,485 visitors were
counted.
A total of 112,860 persons visitei
on the Stanford quad during the yeat
1937-38, according to a day-by-day
count taken at Memorial Arch. Rec
ord month was last July, when 20,
053 visitors were counted. The small
est number was recorded in Febru
ary, 1938, when 5,739 were counted
A record day for visitors was April
17, 1935, when 2,485 visitors were
counted.
A total of 112,860 persons visitei
on the Stanford quad during the yeat
1937-38, according to a day-by-day
count taken at Memorial Arch. Rec
ord month was last July, when 20,
053 visitors were counted. The small
est number was recorded in Febru
ary, 1938, when 5,739 were counted
A record day for visitors was April
17, 1935, when 2,485 visitors were
counted.
A total of 112,860 persons visitei
on the Stanford quad during the yeat
1937-38, according to a day-by-day
count taken at Memorial Arch. Rec
ord month was last July, when 20,
053 visitors were counted. The small
est number was recorded in Febru
ary, 1938, when 5,739 were counted
A record day for visitors was April
17, 1935, when 2,485 visitors were
counted.
A total of 112,860 persons visitei
on the Stanford quad during the yeat
1937-38, according to a day-by-day
count taken at Memorial Arch. Rec
ord month was last July, when 20,
053 visitors were counted. The small
est number was recorded in Febru
ary, 1938, when 5,739 were counted
A record day for visitors was April
17, 1935, when 2,485 visitors were
counted.
