# FACULTY CLUB TO MEET
## 
### 
Stanford University Faculty Club
will hold its first summer quarter
meeting at the Arboretum club house
Monday evening. Buffet supper will
be served at 6:30 o'clock.

A complete medical service is pro
vided for employees of the Depart
ment of Police, Fire, and Sanitation
of New York City.
Stanford University Faculty Club
will hold its first summer quarter
meeting at the Arboretum club house
Monday evening. Buffet supper will
be served at 6:30 o'clock.

A complete medical service is pro
vided for employees of the Depart
ment of Police, Fire, and Sanitation
of New York City.
Stanford University Faculty Club
will hold its first summer quarter
meeting at the Arboretum club house
Monday evening. Buffet supper will
be served at 6:30 o'clock.

A complete medical service is pro
vided for employees of the Depart
ment of Police, Fire, and Sanitation
of New York City.
Stanford University Faculty Club
will hold its first summer quarter
meeting at the Arboretum club house
Monday evening. Buffet supper will
be served at 6:30 o'clock.

A complete medical service is pro
vided for employees of the Depart
ment of Police, Fire, and Sanitation
of New York City.
Stanford University Faculty Club
will hold its first summer quarter
meeting at the Arboretum club house
Monday evening. Buffet supper will
be served at 6:30 o'clock.

A complete medical service is pro
vided for employees of the Depart
ment of Police, Fire, and Sanitation
of New York City.
Stanford University Faculty Club
will hold its first summer quarter
meeting at the Arboretum club house
Monday evening. Buffet supper will
be served at 6:30 o'clock.

A complete medical service is pro
vided for employees of the Depart
ment of Police, Fire, and Sanitation
of New York City.
Stanford University Faculty Club
will hold its first summer quarter
meeting at the Arboretum club house
Monday evening. Buffet supper will
be served at 6:30 o'clock.

A complete medical service is pro
vided for employees of the Depart
ment of Police, Fire, and Sanitation
of New York City.
Stanford University Faculty Club
will hold its first summer quarter
meeting at the Arboretum club house
Monday evening. Buffet supper will
be served at 6:30 o'clock.

A complete medical service is pro
vided for employees of the Depart
ment of Police, Fire, and Sanitation
of New York City.
Stanford University Faculty Club
will hold its first summer quarter
meeting at the Arboretum club house
Monday evening. Buffet supper will
be served at 6:30 o'clock.

A complete medical service is pro
vided for employees of the Depart
ment of Police, Fire, and Sanitation
of New York City.
Stanford University Faculty Club
will hold its first summer quarter
meeting at the Arboretum club house
Monday evening. Buffet supper will
be served at 6:30 o'clock.

A complete medical service is pro
vided for employees of the Depart
ment of Police, Fire, and Sanitation
of New York City.
Stanford University Faculty Club
will hold its first summer quarter
meeting at the Arboretum club house
Monday evening. Buffet supper will
be served at 6:30 o'clock.

A complete medical service is pro
vided for employees of the Depart
ment of Police, Fire, and Sanitation
of New York City.
Stanford University Faculty Club
will hold its first summer quarter
meeting at the Arboretum club house
Monday evening. Buffet supper will
be served at 6:30 o'clock.

A complete medical service is pro
vided for employees of the Depart
ment of Police, Fire, and Sanitation
of New York City.
Stanford University Faculty Club
will hold its first summer quarter
meeting at the Arboretum club house
Monday evening. Buffet supper will
be served at 6:30 o'clock.

A complete medical service is pro
vided for employees of the Depart
ment of Police, Fire, and Sanitation
of New York City.
Stanford University Faculty Club
will hold its first summer quarter
meeting at the Arboretum club house
Monday evening. Buffet supper will
be served at 6:30 o'clock.

A complete medical service is pro
vided for employees of the Depart
ment of Police, Fire, and Sanitation
of New York City.
Stanford University Faculty Club
will hold its first summer quarter
meeting at the Arboretum club house
Monday evening. Buffet supper will
be served at 6:30 o'clock.

A complete medical service is pro
vided for employees of the Depart
ment of Police, Fire, and Sanitation
of New York City.
Stanford University Faculty Club
will hold its first summer quarter
meeting at the Arboretum club house
Monday evening. Buffet supper will
be served at 6:30 o'clock.

A complete medical service is pro
vided for employees of the Depart
ment of Police, Fire, and Sanitation
of New York City.
