# Alumna Will Wed California Grad
## 
### 
Engagement of Miss Carol Guerin, I
'38, to Richard Kenneth Humphries,
of Oakland, was announced at a!
luncheon for her mother, in Ala
meda, last Sunday. Miss Guerin,!
who is a member of Kappa Kappa i
Gamma, was graduated from Stan- <
ford with honors. Mr. Humphries is I
a member of the Delta Upsilon fra
ternity.
Corn acreage in the United States
decreased 3,000,000 in 1938 and cot
ton acreage approximately 8.000,000
acres.
Cotton mills in the South operate j
three times as many spindles as New |
England factories.

Thirty-four states have laws pro
hibiting the importation of prison
made products from other states.
Only 466 of the 7000 islands in the
Philippine group have an area of one
square mile or more.

Samuel Ba .Morris, dean of the
Stanford $cnool of 'Engineering, was
in Portland" Oregon, Tuesday to at
tend a °t the Pacific North
west Drainage Basin Committee, o:
which tie is a_jnetnber and expert
consultant.
Engagement of Miss Carol Guerin, I
'38, to Richard Kenneth Humphries,
of Oakland, was announced at a!
luncheon for her mother, in Ala
meda, last Sunday. Miss Guerin,!
who is a member of Kappa Kappa i
Gamma, was graduated from Stan- <
ford with honors. Mr. Humphries is I
a member of the Delta Upsilon fra
ternity.
Corn acreage in the United States
decreased 3,000,000 in 1938 and cot
ton acreage approximately 8.000,000
acres.
Cotton mills in the South operate j
three times as many spindles as New |
England factories.

Thirty-four states have laws pro
hibiting the importation of prison
made products from other states.
Only 466 of the 7000 islands in the
Philippine group have an area of one
square mile or more.

Samuel Ba .Morris, dean of the
Stanford $cnool of 'Engineering, was
in Portland" Oregon, Tuesday to at
tend a °t the Pacific North
west Drainage Basin Committee, o:
which tie is a_jnetnber and expert
consultant.
Engagement of Miss Carol Guerin, I
'38, to Richard Kenneth Humphries,
of Oakland, was announced at a!
luncheon for her mother, in Ala
meda, last Sunday. Miss Guerin,!
who is a member of Kappa Kappa i
Gamma, was graduated from Stan- <
ford with honors. Mr. Humphries is I
a member of the Delta Upsilon fra
ternity.
Corn acreage in the United States
decreased 3,000,000 in 1938 and cot
ton acreage approximately 8.000,000
acres.
Cotton mills in the South operate j
three times as many spindles as New |
England factories.

Thirty-four states have laws pro
hibiting the importation of prison
made products from other states.
Only 466 of the 7000 islands in the
Philippine group have an area of one
square mile or more.

Samuel Ba .Morris, dean of the
Stanford $cnool of 'Engineering, was
in Portland" Oregon, Tuesday to at
tend a °t the Pacific North
west Drainage Basin Committee, o:
which tie is a_jnetnber and expert
consultant.
Engagement of Miss Carol Guerin, I
'38, to Richard Kenneth Humphries,
of Oakland, was announced at a!
luncheon for her mother, in Ala
meda, last Sunday. Miss Guerin,!
who is a member of Kappa Kappa i
Gamma, was graduated from Stan- <
ford with honors. Mr. Humphries is I
a member of the Delta Upsilon fra
ternity.
Corn acreage in the United States
decreased 3,000,000 in 1938 and cot
ton acreage approximately 8.000,000
acres.
Cotton mills in the South operate j
three times as many spindles as New |
England factories.

Thirty-four states have laws pro
hibiting the importation of prison
made products from other states.
Only 466 of the 7000 islands in the
Philippine group have an area of one
square mile or more.

Samuel Ba .Morris, dean of the
Stanford $cnool of 'Engineering, was
in Portland" Oregon, Tuesday to at
tend a °t the Pacific North
west Drainage Basin Committee, o:
which tie is a_jnetnber and expert
consultant.
Engagement of Miss Carol Guerin, I
'38, to Richard Kenneth Humphries,
of Oakland, was announced at a!
luncheon for her mother, in Ala
meda, last Sunday. Miss Guerin,!
who is a member of Kappa Kappa i
Gamma, was graduated from Stan- <
ford with honors. Mr. Humphries is I
a member of the Delta Upsilon fra
ternity.
Corn acreage in the United States
decreased 3,000,000 in 1938 and cot
ton acreage approximately 8.000,000
acres.
Cotton mills in the South operate j
three times as many spindles as New |
England factories.

Thirty-four states have laws pro
hibiting the importation of prison
made products from other states.
Only 466 of the 7000 islands in the
Philippine group have an area of one
square mile or more.

Samuel Ba .Morris, dean of the
Stanford $cnool of 'Engineering, was
in Portland" Oregon, Tuesday to at
tend a °t the Pacific North
west Drainage Basin Committee, o:
which tie is a_jnetnber and expert
consultant.
Engagement of Miss Carol Guerin, I
'38, to Richard Kenneth Humphries,
of Oakland, was announced at a!
luncheon for her mother, in Ala
meda, last Sunday. Miss Guerin,!
who is a member of Kappa Kappa i
Gamma, was graduated from Stan- <
ford with honors. Mr. Humphries is I
a member of the Delta Upsilon fra
ternity.
Corn acreage in the United States
decreased 3,000,000 in 1938 and cot
ton acreage approximately 8.000,000
acres.
Cotton mills in the South operate j
three times as many spindles as New |
England factories.

Thirty-four states have laws pro
hibiting the importation of prison
made products from other states.
Only 466 of the 7000 islands in the
Philippine group have an area of one
square mile or more.

Samuel Ba .Morris, dean of the
Stanford $cnool of 'Engineering, was
in Portland" Oregon, Tuesday to at
tend a °t the Pacific North
west Drainage Basin Committee, o:
which tie is a_jnetnber and expert
consultant.
Engagement of Miss Carol Guerin, I
'38, to Richard Kenneth Humphries,
of Oakland, was announced at a!
luncheon for her mother, in Ala
meda, last Sunday. Miss Guerin,!
who is a member of Kappa Kappa i
Gamma, was graduated from Stan- <
ford with honors. Mr. Humphries is I
a member of the Delta Upsilon fra
ternity.
Corn acreage in the United States
decreased 3,000,000 in 1938 and cot
ton acreage approximately 8.000,000
acres.
Cotton mills in the South operate j
three times as many spindles as New |
England factories.

Thirty-four states have laws pro
hibiting the importation of prison
made products from other states.
Only 466 of the 7000 islands in the
Philippine group have an area of one
square mile or more.

Samuel Ba .Morris, dean of the
Stanford $cnool of 'Engineering, was
in Portland" Oregon, Tuesday to at
tend a °t the Pacific North
west Drainage Basin Committee, o:
which tie is a_jnetnber and expert
consultant.
Engagement of Miss Carol Guerin, I
'38, to Richard Kenneth Humphries,
of Oakland, was announced at a!
luncheon for her mother, in Ala
meda, last Sunday. Miss Guerin,!
who is a member of Kappa Kappa i
Gamma, was graduated from Stan- <
ford with honors. Mr. Humphries is I
a member of the Delta Upsilon fra
ternity.
Corn acreage in the United States
decreased 3,000,000 in 1938 and cot
ton acreage approximately 8.000,000
acres.
Cotton mills in the South operate j
three times as many spindles as New |
England factories.

Thirty-four states have laws pro
hibiting the importation of prison
made products from other states.
Only 466 of the 7000 islands in the
Philippine group have an area of one
square mile or more.

Samuel Ba .Morris, dean of the
Stanford $cnool of 'Engineering, was
in Portland" Oregon, Tuesday to at
tend a °t the Pacific North
west Drainage Basin Committee, o:
which tie is a_jnetnber and expert
consultant.
Engagement of Miss Carol Guerin, I
'38, to Richard Kenneth Humphries,
of Oakland, was announced at a!
luncheon for her mother, in Ala
meda, last Sunday. Miss Guerin,!
who is a member of Kappa Kappa i
Gamma, was graduated from Stan- <
ford with honors. Mr. Humphries is I
a member of the Delta Upsilon fra
ternity.
Corn acreage in the United States
decreased 3,000,000 in 1938 and cot
ton acreage approximately 8.000,000
acres.
Cotton mills in the South operate j
three times as many spindles as New |
England factories.

Thirty-four states have laws pro
hibiting the importation of prison
made products from other states.
Only 466 of the 7000 islands in the
Philippine group have an area of one
square mile or more.

Samuel Ba .Morris, dean of the
Stanford $cnool of 'Engineering, was
in Portland" Oregon, Tuesday to at
tend a °t the Pacific North
west Drainage Basin Committee, o:
which tie is a_jnetnber and expert
consultant.
Engagement of Miss Carol Guerin, I
'38, to Richard Kenneth Humphries,
of Oakland, was announced at a!
luncheon for her mother, in Ala
meda, last Sunday. Miss Guerin,!
who is a member of Kappa Kappa i
Gamma, was graduated from Stan- <
ford with honors. Mr. Humphries is I
a member of the Delta Upsilon fra
ternity.
Corn acreage in the United States
decreased 3,000,000 in 1938 and cot
ton acreage approximately 8.000,000
acres.
Cotton mills in the South operate j
three times as many spindles as New |
England factories.

Thirty-four states have laws pro
hibiting the importation of prison
made products from other states.
Only 466 of the 7000 islands in the
Philippine group have an area of one
square mile or more.

Samuel Ba .Morris, dean of the
Stanford $cnool of 'Engineering, was
in Portland" Oregon, Tuesday to at
tend a °t the Pacific North
west Drainage Basin Committee, o:
which tie is a_jnetnber and expert
consultant.
Engagement of Miss Carol Guerin, I
'38, to Richard Kenneth Humphries,
of Oakland, was announced at a!
luncheon for her mother, in Ala
meda, last Sunday. Miss Guerin,!
who is a member of Kappa Kappa i
Gamma, was graduated from Stan- <
ford with honors. Mr. Humphries is I
a member of the Delta Upsilon fra
ternity.
Corn acreage in the United States
decreased 3,000,000 in 1938 and cot
ton acreage approximately 8.000,000
acres.
Cotton mills in the South operate j
three times as many spindles as New |
England factories.

Thirty-four states have laws pro
hibiting the importation of prison
made products from other states.
Only 466 of the 7000 islands in the
Philippine group have an area of one
square mile or more.

Samuel Ba .Morris, dean of the
Stanford $cnool of 'Engineering, was
in Portland" Oregon, Tuesday to at
tend a °t the Pacific North
west Drainage Basin Committee, o:
which tie is a_jnetnber and expert
consultant.
Engagement of Miss Carol Guerin, I
'38, to Richard Kenneth Humphries,
of Oakland, was announced at a!
luncheon for her mother, in Ala
meda, last Sunday. Miss Guerin,!
who is a member of Kappa Kappa i
Gamma, was graduated from Stan- <
ford with honors. Mr. Humphries is I
a member of the Delta Upsilon fra
ternity.
Corn acreage in the United States
decreased 3,000,000 in 1938 and cot
ton acreage approximately 8.000,000
acres.
Cotton mills in the South operate j
three times as many spindles as New |
England factories.

Thirty-four states have laws pro
hibiting the importation of prison
made products from other states.
Only 466 of the 7000 islands in the
Philippine group have an area of one
square mile or more.

Samuel Ba .Morris, dean of the
Stanford $cnool of 'Engineering, was
in Portland" Oregon, Tuesday to at
tend a °t the Pacific North
west Drainage Basin Committee, o:
which tie is a_jnetnber and expert
consultant.
Engagement of Miss Carol Guerin, I
'38, to Richard Kenneth Humphries,
of Oakland, was announced at a!
luncheon for her mother, in Ala
meda, last Sunday. Miss Guerin,!
who is a member of Kappa Kappa i
Gamma, was graduated from Stan- <
ford with honors. Mr. Humphries is I
a member of the Delta Upsilon fra
ternity.
Corn acreage in the United States
decreased 3,000,000 in 1938 and cot
ton acreage approximately 8.000,000
acres.
Cotton mills in the South operate j
three times as many spindles as New |
England factories.

Thirty-four states have laws pro
hibiting the importation of prison
made products from other states.
Only 466 of the 7000 islands in the
Philippine group have an area of one
square mile or more.

Samuel Ba .Morris, dean of the
Stanford $cnool of 'Engineering, was
in Portland" Oregon, Tuesday to at
tend a °t the Pacific North
west Drainage Basin Committee, o:
which tie is a_jnetnber and expert
consultant.
Engagement of Miss Carol Guerin, I
'38, to Richard Kenneth Humphries,
of Oakland, was announced at a!
luncheon for her mother, in Ala
meda, last Sunday. Miss Guerin,!
who is a member of Kappa Kappa i
Gamma, was graduated from Stan- <
ford with honors. Mr. Humphries is I
a member of the Delta Upsilon fra
ternity.
Corn acreage in the United States
decreased 3,000,000 in 1938 and cot
ton acreage approximately 8.000,000
acres.
Cotton mills in the South operate j
three times as many spindles as New |
England factories.

Thirty-four states have laws pro
hibiting the importation of prison
made products from other states.
Only 466 of the 7000 islands in the
Philippine group have an area of one
square mile or more.

Samuel Ba .Morris, dean of the
Stanford $cnool of 'Engineering, was
in Portland" Oregon, Tuesday to at
tend a °t the Pacific North
west Drainage Basin Committee, o:
which tie is a_jnetnber and expert
consultant.
Engagement of Miss Carol Guerin, I
'38, to Richard Kenneth Humphries,
of Oakland, was announced at a!
luncheon for her mother, in Ala
meda, last Sunday. Miss Guerin,!
who is a member of Kappa Kappa i
Gamma, was graduated from Stan- <
ford with honors. Mr. Humphries is I
a member of the Delta Upsilon fra
ternity.
Corn acreage in the United States
decreased 3,000,000 in 1938 and cot
ton acreage approximately 8.000,000
acres.
Cotton mills in the South operate j
three times as many spindles as New |
England factories.

Thirty-four states have laws pro
hibiting the importation of prison
made products from other states.
Only 466 of the 7000 islands in the
Philippine group have an area of one
square mile or more.

Samuel Ba .Morris, dean of the
Stanford $cnool of 'Engineering, was
in Portland" Oregon, Tuesday to at
tend a °t the Pacific North
west Drainage Basin Committee, o:
which tie is a_jnetnber and expert
consultant.
Engagement of Miss Carol Guerin, I
'38, to Richard Kenneth Humphries,
of Oakland, was announced at a!
luncheon for her mother, in Ala
meda, last Sunday. Miss Guerin,!
who is a member of Kappa Kappa i
Gamma, was graduated from Stan- <
ford with honors. Mr. Humphries is I
a member of the Delta Upsilon fra
ternity.
Corn acreage in the United States
decreased 3,000,000 in 1938 and cot
ton acreage approximately 8.000,000
acres.
Cotton mills in the South operate j
three times as many spindles as New |
England factories.

Thirty-four states have laws pro
hibiting the importation of prison
made products from other states.
Only 466 of the 7000 islands in the
Philippine group have an area of one
square mile or more.

Samuel Ba .Morris, dean of the
Stanford $cnool of 'Engineering, was
in Portland" Oregon, Tuesday to at
tend a °t the Pacific North
west Drainage Basin Committee, o:
which tie is a_jnetnber and expert
consultant.
