# SF Vikings Down Farm Shinkickers
## 
### 
Ball control spelled victory for
the Vikings of San Francisco Sat
urday as they downed the Stanford
soccer men by a 5 to 1 count on the
local field.
The visitors controlled the play
for the greater portion of the con
test and scored three goals in the
first half. Jimmy Sacerdote. sub
bine; for Stan Hodge, potted the only
Farm tally shortly after the inter
mission when he scored on a pass
from Leo Weinstein.
A penalty kick and a 30-vard shot
made the count 5 to 1 in the third
quarter and that was the end of the
scpring.
Playing without the services of
Ara Gaulstrum and Hodge, the Card
shinkickers were lacking in scoring
punch and downfield power; but the
playing of Weinstein and fullback
John Ahrens, both new to varsity
play, brought words of praise from
Coach Dave Tappan.
