# Living Groups Host Freshman Women
## 
### 
Women's living groups will en
tertain freshman women again this
week, in accordance with the plan
to acquaint freshman women wtih
all types of living groups.
Entertainment may be held at any
time this week, and may be any
type of function specified in the
plan.
Living groups and the freshman
groups they will host are: Haw
thorne. Roble 1A: Mariposa, Roble
2A; Manzanita, Roble 3A; Oaks,
Roble IB: Union. Roble 2B; La
throp, Roble 3B: Guthrie. Roble 1C;
Cubberlev, Roble 2C; Roth. Roble
3C; Russell, Roble 2 Center; Eu
calypto, Roble 3 Center; Olivo,
Branner IE: Naranja, Branner ISE;
Magnolia. Branner 2E; Granada,
Banner 2SE.
