# Each Week Police Give Parking, Speed Tickets
## 
### 
Summons for parking violations
average 50 per week. Chief of Police
Gordon Davis announced. On the
average 15 speedsters a week are
given tickets, and 15 bicycles are
stolen, Davis said.
The police catch manv speeding to
beat a lockout time, Davis said.
Summons for parking violations
average 50 per week. Chief of Police
Gordon Davis announced. On the
average 15 speedsters a week are
given tickets, and 15 bicycles are
stolen, Davis said.
The police catch manv speeding to
beat a lockout time, Davis said.
Summons for parking violations
average 50 per week. Chief of Police
Gordon Davis announced. On the
average 15 speedsters a week are
given tickets, and 15 bicycles are
stolen, Davis said.
The police catch manv speeding to
beat a lockout time, Davis said.
Summons for parking violations
average 50 per week. Chief of Police
Gordon Davis announced. On the
average 15 speedsters a week are
given tickets, and 15 bicycles are
stolen, Davis said.
The police catch manv speeding to
beat a lockout time, Davis said.
Summons for parking violations
average 50 per week. Chief of Police
Gordon Davis announced. On the
average 15 speedsters a week are
given tickets, and 15 bicycles are
stolen, Davis said.
The police catch manv speeding to
beat a lockout time, Davis said.
Summons for parking violations
average 50 per week. Chief of Police
Gordon Davis announced. On the
average 15 speedsters a week are
given tickets, and 15 bicycles are
stolen, Davis said.
The police catch manv speeding to
beat a lockout time, Davis said.
Summons for parking violations
average 50 per week. Chief of Police
Gordon Davis announced. On the
average 15 speedsters a week are
given tickets, and 15 bicycles are
stolen, Davis said.
The police catch manv speeding to
beat a lockout time, Davis said.
Summons for parking violations
average 50 per week. Chief of Police
Gordon Davis announced. On the
average 15 speedsters a week are
given tickets, and 15 bicycles are
stolen, Davis said.
The police catch manv speeding to
beat a lockout time, Davis said.
Summons for parking violations
average 50 per week. Chief of Police
Gordon Davis announced. On the
average 15 speedsters a week are
given tickets, and 15 bicycles are
stolen, Davis said.
The police catch manv speeding to
beat a lockout time, Davis said.
Summons for parking violations
average 50 per week. Chief of Police
Gordon Davis announced. On the
average 15 speedsters a week are
given tickets, and 15 bicycles are
stolen, Davis said.
The police catch manv speeding to
beat a lockout time, Davis said.
Summons for parking violations
average 50 per week. Chief of Police
Gordon Davis announced. On the
average 15 speedsters a week are
given tickets, and 15 bicycles are
stolen, Davis said.
The police catch manv speeding to
beat a lockout time, Davis said.
Summons for parking violations
average 50 per week. Chief of Police
Gordon Davis announced. On the
average 15 speedsters a week are
given tickets, and 15 bicycles are
stolen, Davis said.
The police catch manv speeding to
beat a lockout time, Davis said.
Summons for parking violations
average 50 per week. Chief of Police
Gordon Davis announced. On the
average 15 speedsters a week are
given tickets, and 15 bicycles are
stolen, Davis said.
The police catch manv speeding to
beat a lockout time, Davis said.
Summons for parking violations
average 50 per week. Chief of Police
Gordon Davis announced. On the
average 15 speedsters a week are
given tickets, and 15 bicycles are
stolen, Davis said.
The police catch manv speeding to
beat a lockout time, Davis said.
Summons for parking violations
average 50 per week. Chief of Police
Gordon Davis announced. On the
average 15 speedsters a week are
given tickets, and 15 bicycles are
stolen, Davis said.
The police catch manv speeding to
beat a lockout time, Davis said.
