# UNDER THE WEATHER
## 
### 
Women's Rest Home—Erline An
derson.
Men's Rest Home—Phil Keller.
Palo Alto Hospital—Barbara Cun
diff, Edgar Glenn, Mary Kraft,
Kathryn Matifrin. Thomas E. May,
Dwight B. Sale.
Women's Rest Home—Erline An
derson.
Men's Rest Home—Phil Keller.
Palo Alto Hospital—Barbara Cun
diff, Edgar Glenn, Mary Kraft,
Kathryn Matifrin. Thomas E. May,
Dwight B. Sale.
Women's Rest Home—Erline An
derson.
Men's Rest Home—Phil Keller.
Palo Alto Hospital—Barbara Cun
diff, Edgar Glenn, Mary Kraft,
Kathryn Matifrin. Thomas E. May,
Dwight B. Sale.
Women's Rest Home—Erline An
derson.
Men's Rest Home—Phil Keller.
Palo Alto Hospital—Barbara Cun
diff, Edgar Glenn, Mary Kraft,
Kathryn Matifrin. Thomas E. May,
Dwight B. Sale.
Women's Rest Home—Erline An
derson.
Men's Rest Home—Phil Keller.
Palo Alto Hospital—Barbara Cun
diff, Edgar Glenn, Mary Kraft,
Kathryn Matifrin. Thomas E. May,
Dwight B. Sale.
Women's Rest Home—Erline An
derson.
Men's Rest Home—Phil Keller.
Palo Alto Hospital—Barbara Cun
diff, Edgar Glenn, Mary Kraft,
Kathryn Matifrin. Thomas E. May,
Dwight B. Sale.
Women's Rest Home—Erline An
derson.
Men's Rest Home—Phil Keller.
Palo Alto Hospital—Barbara Cun
diff, Edgar Glenn, Mary Kraft,
Kathryn Matifrin. Thomas E. May,
Dwight B. Sale.
Women's Rest Home—Erline An
derson.
Men's Rest Home—Phil Keller.
Palo Alto Hospital—Barbara Cun
diff, Edgar Glenn, Mary Kraft,
Kathryn Matifrin. Thomas E. May,
Dwight B. Sale.
Women's Rest Home—Erline An
derson.
Men's Rest Home—Phil Keller.
Palo Alto Hospital—Barbara Cun
diff, Edgar Glenn, Mary Kraft,
Kathryn Matifrin. Thomas E. May,
Dwight B. Sale.
Women's Rest Home—Erline An
derson.
Men's Rest Home—Phil Keller.
Palo Alto Hospital—Barbara Cun
diff, Edgar Glenn, Mary Kraft,
Kathryn Matifrin. Thomas E. May,
Dwight B. Sale.
Women's Rest Home—Erline An
derson.
Men's Rest Home—Phil Keller.
Palo Alto Hospital—Barbara Cun
diff, Edgar Glenn, Mary Kraft,
Kathryn Matifrin. Thomas E. May,
Dwight B. Sale.
Women's Rest Home—Erline An
derson.
Men's Rest Home—Phil Keller.
Palo Alto Hospital—Barbara Cun
diff, Edgar Glenn, Mary Kraft,
Kathryn Matifrin. Thomas E. May,
Dwight B. Sale.
Women's Rest Home—Erline An
derson.
Men's Rest Home—Phil Keller.
Palo Alto Hospital—Barbara Cun
diff, Edgar Glenn, Mary Kraft,
Kathryn Matifrin. Thomas E. May,
Dwight B. Sale.
Women's Rest Home—Erline An
derson.
Men's Rest Home—Phil Keller.
Palo Alto Hospital—Barbara Cun
diff, Edgar Glenn, Mary Kraft,
Kathryn Matifrin. Thomas E. May,
Dwight B. Sale.
Women's Rest Home—Erline An
derson.
Men's Rest Home—Phil Keller.
Palo Alto Hospital—Barbara Cun
diff, Edgar Glenn, Mary Kraft,
Kathryn Matifrin. Thomas E. May,
Dwight B. Sale.
