# KZSU 90.1 FM
## 
### 
This afternoon at 3 p.m.
KZSU broadcasts its weekly
wine show with Preston
Hollander. At 7 p.m. KZSU's
Public Affairs department
presents "Washington
Window," a question and
answer session with a public
information officer from the
U.S. House of Representa
tives, followed at 7:30 p.m.
by a live broadcast of the
Palo Alto City Council
meeting.
This afternoon at 3 p.m.
KZSU broadcasts its weekly
wine show with Preston
Hollander. At 7 p.m. KZSU's
Public Affairs department
presents "Washington
Window," a question and
answer session with a public
information officer from the
U.S. House of Representa
tives, followed at 7:30 p.m.
by a live broadcast of the
Palo Alto City Council
meeting.
This afternoon at 3 p.m.
KZSU broadcasts its weekly
wine show with Preston
Hollander. At 7 p.m. KZSU's
Public Affairs department
presents "Washington
Window," a question and
answer session with a public
information officer from the
U.S. House of Representa
tives, followed at 7:30 p.m.
by a live broadcast of the
Palo Alto City Council
meeting.
This afternoon at 3 p.m.
KZSU broadcasts its weekly
wine show with Preston
Hollander. At 7 p.m. KZSU's
Public Affairs department
presents "Washington
Window," a question and
answer session with a public
information officer from the
U.S. House of Representa
tives, followed at 7:30 p.m.
by a live broadcast of the
Palo Alto City Council
meeting.
This afternoon at 3 p.m.
KZSU broadcasts its weekly
wine show with Preston
Hollander. At 7 p.m. KZSU's
Public Affairs department
presents "Washington
Window," a question and
answer session with a public
information officer from the
U.S. House of Representa
tives, followed at 7:30 p.m.
by a live broadcast of the
Palo Alto City Council
meeting.
This afternoon at 3 p.m.
KZSU broadcasts its weekly
wine show with Preston
Hollander. At 7 p.m. KZSU's
Public Affairs department
presents "Washington
Window," a question and
answer session with a public
information officer from the
U.S. House of Representa
tives, followed at 7:30 p.m.
by a live broadcast of the
Palo Alto City Council
meeting.
This afternoon at 3 p.m.
KZSU broadcasts its weekly
wine show with Preston
Hollander. At 7 p.m. KZSU's
Public Affairs department
presents "Washington
Window," a question and
answer session with a public
information officer from the
U.S. House of Representa
tives, followed at 7:30 p.m.
by a live broadcast of the
Palo Alto City Council
meeting.
This afternoon at 3 p.m.
KZSU broadcasts its weekly
wine show with Preston
Hollander. At 7 p.m. KZSU's
Public Affairs department
presents "Washington
Window," a question and
answer session with a public
information officer from the
U.S. House of Representa
tives, followed at 7:30 p.m.
by a live broadcast of the
Palo Alto City Council
meeting.
This afternoon at 3 p.m.
KZSU broadcasts its weekly
wine show with Preston
Hollander. At 7 p.m. KZSU's
Public Affairs department
presents "Washington
Window," a question and
answer session with a public
information officer from the
U.S. House of Representa
tives, followed at 7:30 p.m.
by a live broadcast of the
Palo Alto City Council
meeting.
This afternoon at 3 p.m.
KZSU broadcasts its weekly
wine show with Preston
Hollander. At 7 p.m. KZSU's
Public Affairs department
presents "Washington
Window," a question and
answer session with a public
information officer from the
U.S. House of Representa
tives, followed at 7:30 p.m.
by a live broadcast of the
Palo Alto City Council
meeting.
This afternoon at 3 p.m.
KZSU broadcasts its weekly
wine show with Preston
Hollander. At 7 p.m. KZSU's
Public Affairs department
presents "Washington
Window," a question and
answer session with a public
information officer from the
U.S. House of Representa
tives, followed at 7:30 p.m.
by a live broadcast of the
Palo Alto City Council
meeting.
This afternoon at 3 p.m.
KZSU broadcasts its weekly
wine show with Preston
Hollander. At 7 p.m. KZSU's
Public Affairs department
presents "Washington
Window," a question and
answer session with a public
information officer from the
U.S. House of Representa
tives, followed at 7:30 p.m.
by a live broadcast of the
Palo Alto City Council
meeting.
This afternoon at 3 p.m.
KZSU broadcasts its weekly
wine show with Preston
Hollander. At 7 p.m. KZSU's
Public Affairs department
presents "Washington
Window," a question and
answer session with a public
information officer from the
U.S. House of Representa
tives, followed at 7:30 p.m.
by a live broadcast of the
Palo Alto City Council
meeting.
This afternoon at 3 p.m.
KZSU broadcasts its weekly
wine show with Preston
Hollander. At 7 p.m. KZSU's
Public Affairs department
presents "Washington
Window," a question and
answer session with a public
information officer from the
U.S. House of Representa
tives, followed at 7:30 p.m.
by a live broadcast of the
Palo Alto City Council
meeting.
