# England Opposes German Efforts to Kill Air Pact
## 
### 
LONDON, Feb. 20 (A*). — Groat
Britain will oppose any German ef
fort. to pull the proposed western air
alliance out of the close-knit fabric
of the recent Anglo-French security
proposals.
That was the British position out
lined semi-officiaily today as the
Cabinet, meeting to study Adolf
Hitler's reply to the London pro
posals, reportedly considered the ad
visability of sending British Cabinet
ministers to Berlin for conferences
duiing March.
LONDON, Feb. 20 (A*). — Groat
Britain will oppose any German ef
fort. to pull the proposed western air
alliance out of the close-knit fabric
of the recent Anglo-French security
proposals.
That was the British position out
lined semi-officiaily today as the
Cabinet, meeting to study Adolf
Hitler's reply to the London pro
posals, reportedly considered the ad
visability of sending British Cabinet
ministers to Berlin for conferences
duiing March.
LONDON, Feb. 20 (A*). — Groat
Britain will oppose any German ef
fort. to pull the proposed western air
alliance out of the close-knit fabric
of the recent Anglo-French security
proposals.
That was the British position out
lined semi-officiaily today as the
Cabinet, meeting to study Adolf
Hitler's reply to the London pro
posals, reportedly considered the ad
visability of sending British Cabinet
ministers to Berlin for conferences
duiing March.
LONDON, Feb. 20 (A*). — Groat
Britain will oppose any German ef
fort. to pull the proposed western air
alliance out of the close-knit fabric
of the recent Anglo-French security
proposals.
That was the British position out
lined semi-officiaily today as the
Cabinet, meeting to study Adolf
Hitler's reply to the London pro
posals, reportedly considered the ad
visability of sending British Cabinet
ministers to Berlin for conferences
duiing March.
LONDON, Feb. 20 (A*). — Groat
Britain will oppose any German ef
fort. to pull the proposed western air
alliance out of the close-knit fabric
of the recent Anglo-French security
proposals.
That was the British position out
lined semi-officiaily today as the
Cabinet, meeting to study Adolf
Hitler's reply to the London pro
posals, reportedly considered the ad
visability of sending British Cabinet
ministers to Berlin for conferences
duiing March.
LONDON, Feb. 20 (A*). — Groat
Britain will oppose any German ef
fort. to pull the proposed western air
alliance out of the close-knit fabric
of the recent Anglo-French security
proposals.
That was the British position out
lined semi-officiaily today as the
Cabinet, meeting to study Adolf
Hitler's reply to the London pro
posals, reportedly considered the ad
visability of sending British Cabinet
ministers to Berlin for conferences
duiing March.
LONDON, Feb. 20 (A*). — Groat
Britain will oppose any German ef
fort. to pull the proposed western air
alliance out of the close-knit fabric
of the recent Anglo-French security
proposals.
That was the British position out
lined semi-officiaily today as the
Cabinet, meeting to study Adolf
Hitler's reply to the London pro
posals, reportedly considered the ad
visability of sending British Cabinet
ministers to Berlin for conferences
duiing March.
LONDON, Feb. 20 (A*). — Groat
Britain will oppose any German ef
fort. to pull the proposed western air
alliance out of the close-knit fabric
of the recent Anglo-French security
proposals.
That was the British position out
lined semi-officiaily today as the
Cabinet, meeting to study Adolf
Hitler's reply to the London pro
posals, reportedly considered the ad
visability of sending British Cabinet
ministers to Berlin for conferences
duiing March.
LONDON, Feb. 20 (A*). — Groat
Britain will oppose any German ef
fort. to pull the proposed western air
alliance out of the close-knit fabric
of the recent Anglo-French security
proposals.
That was the British position out
lined semi-officiaily today as the
Cabinet, meeting to study Adolf
Hitler's reply to the London pro
posals, reportedly considered the ad
visability of sending British Cabinet
ministers to Berlin for conferences
duiing March.
LONDON, Feb. 20 (A*). — Groat
Britain will oppose any German ef
fort. to pull the proposed western air
alliance out of the close-knit fabric
of the recent Anglo-French security
proposals.
That was the British position out
lined semi-officiaily today as the
Cabinet, meeting to study Adolf
Hitler's reply to the London pro
posals, reportedly considered the ad
visability of sending British Cabinet
ministers to Berlin for conferences
duiing March.
LONDON, Feb. 20 (A*). — Groat
Britain will oppose any German ef
fort. to pull the proposed western air
alliance out of the close-knit fabric
of the recent Anglo-French security
proposals.
That was the British position out
lined semi-officiaily today as the
Cabinet, meeting to study Adolf
Hitler's reply to the London pro
posals, reportedly considered the ad
visability of sending British Cabinet
ministers to Berlin for conferences
duiing March.
LONDON, Feb. 20 (A*). — Groat
Britain will oppose any German ef
fort. to pull the proposed western air
alliance out of the close-knit fabric
of the recent Anglo-French security
proposals.
That was the British position out
lined semi-officiaily today as the
Cabinet, meeting to study Adolf
Hitler's reply to the London pro
posals, reportedly considered the ad
visability of sending British Cabinet
ministers to Berlin for conferences
duiing March.
LONDON, Feb. 20 (A*). — Groat
Britain will oppose any German ef
fort. to pull the proposed western air
alliance out of the close-knit fabric
of the recent Anglo-French security
proposals.
That was the British position out
lined semi-officiaily today as the
Cabinet, meeting to study Adolf
Hitler's reply to the London pro
posals, reportedly considered the ad
visability of sending British Cabinet
ministers to Berlin for conferences
duiing March.
LONDON, Feb. 20 (A*). — Groat
Britain will oppose any German ef
fort. to pull the proposed western air
alliance out of the close-knit fabric
of the recent Anglo-French security
proposals.
That was the British position out
lined semi-officiaily today as the
Cabinet, meeting to study Adolf
Hitler's reply to the London pro
posals, reportedly considered the ad
visability of sending British Cabinet
ministers to Berlin for conferences
duiing March.
LONDON, Feb. 20 (A*). — Groat
Britain will oppose any German ef
fort. to pull the proposed western air
alliance out of the close-knit fabric
of the recent Anglo-French security
proposals.
That was the British position out
lined semi-officiaily today as the
Cabinet, meeting to study Adolf
Hitler's reply to the London pro
posals, reportedly considered the ad
visability of sending British Cabinet
ministers to Berlin for conferences
duiing March.
