# TWENTY GRAND WINS AS EQUIPOISE FOULS
## 
### 

Equipoise crossed the finish line first, as this picture shows, but was disqualified, and Twenty Grand,
veteran turf campaigner, was awarded victory in the Oakmont handicap at Santa Anita track in Los An
geles. Equipoise bumped Twenty Grand as they started coming off the final turn. (Associated Presa
Photo)

Equipoise crossed the finish line first, as this picture shows, but was disqualified, and Twenty Grand,
veteran turf campaigner, was awarded victory in the Oakmont handicap at Santa Anita track in Los An
geles. Equipoise bumped Twenty Grand as they started coming off the final turn. (Associated Presa
Photo)

Equipoise crossed the finish line first, as this picture shows, but was disqualified, and Twenty Grand,
veteran turf campaigner, was awarded victory in the Oakmont handicap at Santa Anita track in Los An
geles. Equipoise bumped Twenty Grand as they started coming off the final turn. (Associated Presa
Photo)

Equipoise crossed the finish line first, as this picture shows, but was disqualified, and Twenty Grand,
veteran turf campaigner, was awarded victory in the Oakmont handicap at Santa Anita track in Los An
geles. Equipoise bumped Twenty Grand as they started coming off the final turn. (Associated Presa
Photo)

Equipoise crossed the finish line first, as this picture shows, but was disqualified, and Twenty Grand,
veteran turf campaigner, was awarded victory in the Oakmont handicap at Santa Anita track in Los An
geles. Equipoise bumped Twenty Grand as they started coming off the final turn. (Associated Presa
Photo)

Equipoise crossed the finish line first, as this picture shows, but was disqualified, and Twenty Grand,
veteran turf campaigner, was awarded victory in the Oakmont handicap at Santa Anita track in Los An
geles. Equipoise bumped Twenty Grand as they started coming off the final turn. (Associated Presa
Photo)

Equipoise crossed the finish line first, as this picture shows, but was disqualified, and Twenty Grand,
veteran turf campaigner, was awarded victory in the Oakmont handicap at Santa Anita track in Los An
geles. Equipoise bumped Twenty Grand as they started coming off the final turn. (Associated Presa
Photo)

Equipoise crossed the finish line first, as this picture shows, but was disqualified, and Twenty Grand,
veteran turf campaigner, was awarded victory in the Oakmont handicap at Santa Anita track in Los An
geles. Equipoise bumped Twenty Grand as they started coming off the final turn. (Associated Presa
Photo)

Equipoise crossed the finish line first, as this picture shows, but was disqualified, and Twenty Grand,
veteran turf campaigner, was awarded victory in the Oakmont handicap at Santa Anita track in Los An
geles. Equipoise bumped Twenty Grand as they started coming off the final turn. (Associated Presa
Photo)

Equipoise crossed the finish line first, as this picture shows, but was disqualified, and Twenty Grand,
veteran turf campaigner, was awarded victory in the Oakmont handicap at Santa Anita track in Los An
geles. Equipoise bumped Twenty Grand as they started coming off the final turn. (Associated Presa
Photo)

Equipoise crossed the finish line first, as this picture shows, but was disqualified, and Twenty Grand,
veteran turf campaigner, was awarded victory in the Oakmont handicap at Santa Anita track in Los An
geles. Equipoise bumped Twenty Grand as they started coming off the final turn. (Associated Presa
Photo)

Equipoise crossed the finish line first, as this picture shows, but was disqualified, and Twenty Grand,
veteran turf campaigner, was awarded victory in the Oakmont handicap at Santa Anita track in Los An
geles. Equipoise bumped Twenty Grand as they started coming off the final turn. (Associated Presa
Photo)

Equipoise crossed the finish line first, as this picture shows, but was disqualified, and Twenty Grand,
veteran turf campaigner, was awarded victory in the Oakmont handicap at Santa Anita track in Los An
geles. Equipoise bumped Twenty Grand as they started coming off the final turn. (Associated Presa
Photo)

Equipoise crossed the finish line first, as this picture shows, but was disqualified, and Twenty Grand,
veteran turf campaigner, was awarded victory in the Oakmont handicap at Santa Anita track in Los An
geles. Equipoise bumped Twenty Grand as they started coming off the final turn. (Associated Presa
Photo)

Equipoise crossed the finish line first, as this picture shows, but was disqualified, and Twenty Grand,
veteran turf campaigner, was awarded victory in the Oakmont handicap at Santa Anita track in Los An
geles. Equipoise bumped Twenty Grand as they started coming off the final turn. (Associated Presa
Photo)
