# Burglar "Lands" Catch Of $1500 in Jewelry
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES, Fob. 20 (/P), - A
burglar with fisherman's talent yes
terday "landed" a $1500 jewel catch
from the home of Mrs. H. E. Yar
nell.
She told police the burglar cut a
hole in the screen, poked a fishing
pole and hook through the opening
and carried oft a purse containing
the gems.
LOS ANGELES, Fob. 20 (/P), - A
burglar with fisherman's talent yes
terday "landed" a $1500 jewel catch
from the home of Mrs. H. E. Yar
nell.
She told police the burglar cut a
hole in the screen, poked a fishing
pole and hook through the opening
and carried oft a purse containing
the gems.
LOS ANGELES, Fob. 20 (/P), - A
burglar with fisherman's talent yes
terday "landed" a $1500 jewel catch
from the home of Mrs. H. E. Yar
nell.
She told police the burglar cut a
hole in the screen, poked a fishing
pole and hook through the opening
and carried oft a purse containing
the gems.
LOS ANGELES, Fob. 20 (/P), - A
burglar with fisherman's talent yes
terday "landed" a $1500 jewel catch
from the home of Mrs. H. E. Yar
nell.
She told police the burglar cut a
hole in the screen, poked a fishing
pole and hook through the opening
and carried oft a purse containing
the gems.
LOS ANGELES, Fob. 20 (/P), - A
burglar with fisherman's talent yes
terday "landed" a $1500 jewel catch
from the home of Mrs. H. E. Yar
nell.
She told police the burglar cut a
hole in the screen, poked a fishing
pole and hook through the opening
and carried oft a purse containing
the gems.
LOS ANGELES, Fob. 20 (/P), - A
burglar with fisherman's talent yes
terday "landed" a $1500 jewel catch
from the home of Mrs. H. E. Yar
nell.
She told police the burglar cut a
hole in the screen, poked a fishing
pole and hook through the opening
and carried oft a purse containing
the gems.
LOS ANGELES, Fob. 20 (/P), - A
burglar with fisherman's talent yes
terday "landed" a $1500 jewel catch
from the home of Mrs. H. E. Yar
nell.
She told police the burglar cut a
hole in the screen, poked a fishing
pole and hook through the opening
and carried oft a purse containing
the gems.
LOS ANGELES, Fob. 20 (/P), - A
burglar with fisherman's talent yes
terday "landed" a $1500 jewel catch
from the home of Mrs. H. E. Yar
nell.
She told police the burglar cut a
hole in the screen, poked a fishing
pole and hook through the opening
and carried oft a purse containing
the gems.
LOS ANGELES, Fob. 20 (/P), - A
burglar with fisherman's talent yes
terday "landed" a $1500 jewel catch
from the home of Mrs. H. E. Yar
nell.
She told police the burglar cut a
hole in the screen, poked a fishing
pole and hook through the opening
and carried oft a purse containing
the gems.
LOS ANGELES, Fob. 20 (/P), - A
burglar with fisherman's talent yes
terday "landed" a $1500 jewel catch
from the home of Mrs. H. E. Yar
nell.
She told police the burglar cut a
hole in the screen, poked a fishing
pole and hook through the opening
and carried oft a purse containing
the gems.
LOS ANGELES, Fob. 20 (/P), - A
burglar with fisherman's talent yes
terday "landed" a $1500 jewel catch
from the home of Mrs. H. E. Yar
nell.
She told police the burglar cut a
hole in the screen, poked a fishing
pole and hook through the opening
and carried oft a purse containing
the gems.
LOS ANGELES, Fob. 20 (/P), - A
burglar with fisherman's talent yes
terday "landed" a $1500 jewel catch
from the home of Mrs. H. E. Yar
nell.
She told police the burglar cut a
hole in the screen, poked a fishing
pole and hook through the opening
and carried oft a purse containing
the gems.
LOS ANGELES, Fob. 20 (/P), - A
burglar with fisherman's talent yes
terday "landed" a $1500 jewel catch
from the home of Mrs. H. E. Yar
nell.
She told police the burglar cut a
hole in the screen, poked a fishing
pole and hook through the opening
and carried oft a purse containing
the gems.
LOS ANGELES, Fob. 20 (/P), - A
burglar with fisherman's talent yes
terday "landed" a $1500 jewel catch
from the home of Mrs. H. E. Yar
nell.
She told police the burglar cut a
hole in the screen, poked a fishing
pole and hook through the opening
and carried oft a purse containing
the gems.
LOS ANGELES, Fob. 20 (/P), - A
burglar with fisherman's talent yes
terday "landed" a $1500 jewel catch
from the home of Mrs. H. E. Yar
nell.
She told police the burglar cut a
hole in the screen, poked a fishing
pole and hook through the opening
and carried oft a purse containing
the gems.
