# Adv. 27 Page 11
## 
### 
College educated, experienced, &
happy person to care for (do hw,
sports, healthysnacks, reading)
our 4.5 & 9 year old kids. 12-7
4-5 days/week, 28-40 hours
possible. House is on Stanford
campus, car provided. Pis. email
hackgmd: hskillinq@hotmail.com
Part-time nanny (10-12 hrs/wk)
Care for our 3 month-old son in
our home in Portola Valley (5 mi
from campus). Mon/Wed a.m. to
afternoon preferred; am flexible
E-mail: Wm
Warm, energetic, Eng.-speaking
nanny to care for 5-yr.old twin
boy & girl. Must drive,work Tues
& Thurs 8:30-5:30. Maybe more
over summer. Call 650-493-4329
or email background to
Compassionate Egg Donor Needed!
Prospective Mother is Blond/Blue
eyed. cottagecaetiipsengt
EGG DONOR needed by loving
couple: honest, bright, good
genes. Jewish a plus.
Compensation + our gratitude.
$Usgrr<?gs(a>aiLngi
Egg Donor, $10,000 reward
A couple in search of a smart,
under 30, Caucasian, beautiful,
good medical history. Please
include life history and a
picture.High SAT/GPA
e_donor@yahoo.com
College educated, experienced, &
happy person to care for (do hw,
sports, healthysnacks, reading)
our 4.5 & 9 year old kids. 12-7
4-5 days/week, 28-40 hours
possible. House is on Stanford
campus, car provided. Pis. email
hackgmd: hskillinq@hotmail.com
Part-time nanny (10-12 hrs/wk)
Care for our 3 month-old son in
our home in Portola Valley (5 mi
from campus). Mon/Wed a.m. to
afternoon preferred; am flexible
E-mail: Wm
Warm, energetic, Eng.-speaking
nanny to care for 5-yr.old twin
boy & girl. Must drive,work Tues
& Thurs 8:30-5:30. Maybe more
over summer. Call 650-493-4329
or email background to
Compassionate Egg Donor Needed!
Prospective Mother is Blond/Blue
eyed. cottagecaetiipsengt
EGG DONOR needed by loving
couple: honest, bright, good
genes. Jewish a plus.
Compensation + our gratitude.
$Usgrr<?gs(a>aiLngi
Egg Donor, $10,000 reward
A couple in search of a smart,
under 30, Caucasian, beautiful,
good medical history. Please
include life history and a
picture.High SAT/GPA
e_donor@yahoo.com
College educated, experienced, &
happy person to care for (do hw,
sports, healthysnacks, reading)
our 4.5 & 9 year old kids. 12-7
4-5 days/week, 28-40 hours
possible. House is on Stanford
campus, car provided. Pis. email
hackgmd: hskillinq@hotmail.com
Part-time nanny (10-12 hrs/wk)
Care for our 3 month-old son in
our home in Portola Valley (5 mi
from campus). Mon/Wed a.m. to
afternoon preferred; am flexible
E-mail: Wm
Warm, energetic, Eng.-speaking
nanny to care for 5-yr.old twin
boy & girl. Must drive,work Tues
& Thurs 8:30-5:30. Maybe more
over summer. Call 650-493-4329
or email background to
Compassionate Egg Donor Needed!
Prospective Mother is Blond/Blue
eyed. cottagecaetiipsengt
EGG DONOR needed by loving
couple: honest, bright, good
genes. Jewish a plus.
Compensation + our gratitude.
$Usgrr<?gs(a>aiLngi
Egg Donor, $10,000 reward
A couple in search of a smart,
under 30, Caucasian, beautiful,
good medical history. Please
include life history and a
picture.High SAT/GPA
e_donor@yahoo.com
College educated, experienced, &
happy person to care for (do hw,
sports, healthysnacks, reading)
our 4.5 & 9 year old kids. 12-7
4-5 days/week, 28-40 hours
possible. House is on Stanford
campus, car provided. Pis. email
hackgmd: hskillinq@hotmail.com
Part-time nanny (10-12 hrs/wk)
Care for our 3 month-old son in
our home in Portola Valley (5 mi
from campus). Mon/Wed a.m. to
afternoon preferred; am flexible
E-mail: Wm
Warm, energetic, Eng.-speaking
nanny to care for 5-yr.old twin
boy & girl. Must drive,work Tues
& Thurs 8:30-5:30. Maybe more
over summer. Call 650-493-4329
or email background to
Compassionate Egg Donor Needed!
Prospective Mother is Blond/Blue
eyed. cottagecaetiipsengt
EGG DONOR needed by loving
couple: honest, bright, good
genes. Jewish a plus.
Compensation + our gratitude.
$Usgrr<?gs(a>aiLngi
Egg Donor, $10,000 reward
A couple in search of a smart,
under 30, Caucasian, beautiful,
good medical history. Please
include life history and a
picture.High SAT/GPA
e_donor@yahoo.com
College educated, experienced, &
happy person to care for (do hw,
sports, healthysnacks, reading)
our 4.5 & 9 year old kids. 12-7
4-5 days/week, 28-40 hours
possible. House is on Stanford
campus, car provided. Pis. email
hackgmd: hskillinq@hotmail.com
Part-time nanny (10-12 hrs/wk)
Care for our 3 month-old son in
our home in Portola Valley (5 mi
from campus). Mon/Wed a.m. to
afternoon preferred; am flexible
E-mail: Wm
Warm, energetic, Eng.-speaking
nanny to care for 5-yr.old twin
boy & girl. Must drive,work Tues
& Thurs 8:30-5:30. Maybe more
over summer. Call 650-493-4329
or email background to
Compassionate Egg Donor Needed!
Prospective Mother is Blond/Blue
eyed. cottagecaetiipsengt
EGG DONOR needed by loving
couple: honest, bright, good
genes. Jewish a plus.
Compensation + our gratitude.
$Usgrr<?gs(a>aiLngi
Egg Donor, $10,000 reward
A couple in search of a smart,
under 30, Caucasian, beautiful,
good medical history. Please
include life history and a
picture.High SAT/GPA
e_donor@yahoo.com
College educated, experienced, &
happy person to care for (do hw,
sports, healthysnacks, reading)
our 4.5 & 9 year old kids. 12-7
4-5 days/week, 28-40 hours
possible. House is on Stanford
campus, car provided. Pis. email
hackgmd: hskillinq@hotmail.com
Part-time nanny (10-12 hrs/wk)
Care for our 3 month-old son in
our home in Portola Valley (5 mi
from campus). Mon/Wed a.m. to
afternoon preferred; am flexible
E-mail: Wm
Warm, energetic, Eng.-speaking
nanny to care for 5-yr.old twin
boy & girl. Must drive,work Tues
& Thurs 8:30-5:30. Maybe more
over summer. Call 650-493-4329
or email background to
Compassionate Egg Donor Needed!
Prospective Mother is Blond/Blue
eyed. cottagecaetiipsengt
EGG DONOR needed by loving
couple: honest, bright, good
genes. Jewish a plus.
Compensation + our gratitude.
$Usgrr<?gs(a>aiLngi
Egg Donor, $10,000 reward
A couple in search of a smart,
under 30, Caucasian, beautiful,
good medical history. Please
include life history and a
picture.High SAT/GPA
e_donor@yahoo.com
College educated, experienced, &
happy person to care for (do hw,
sports, healthysnacks, reading)
our 4.5 & 9 year old kids. 12-7
4-5 days/week, 28-40 hours
possible. House is on Stanford
campus, car provided. Pis. email
hackgmd: hskillinq@hotmail.com
Part-time nanny (10-12 hrs/wk)
Care for our 3 month-old son in
our home in Portola Valley (5 mi
from campus). Mon/Wed a.m. to
afternoon preferred; am flexible
E-mail: Wm
Warm, energetic, Eng.-speaking
nanny to care for 5-yr.old twin
boy & girl. Must drive,work Tues
& Thurs 8:30-5:30. Maybe more
over summer. Call 650-493-4329
or email background to
Compassionate Egg Donor Needed!
Prospective Mother is Blond/Blue
eyed. cottagecaetiipsengt
EGG DONOR needed by loving
couple: honest, bright, good
genes. Jewish a plus.
Compensation + our gratitude.
$Usgrr<?gs(a>aiLngi
Egg Donor, $10,000 reward
A couple in search of a smart,
under 30, Caucasian, beautiful,
good medical history. Please
include life history and a
picture.High SAT/GPA
e_donor@yahoo.com
