# Adv. 1 Page 2
## 
### 
( ARI YLE
HEADQUARTFRS FOR
ROLEX
WATCHES
THE ADVANCE OF QUARTZ
TECHNOLOGY, THE ASPECT
OF ROLEX INTEGRITY: THE
OYSTERQUARTZ IMTE|UST
Deepen your definition of
timekeeping art with the new
Rolex Oysterquartz Datejust.
The goal of high performance
electronic technology hy
time's masterhuilder, Rolex,
is met in two exceptional
models, each with matching
integral bracelet:(l), the Oys
terquartz Datejust in stainless
steel and gold: (r>, the stain
less steel Oysterquartz. Prob
ing today's quart/ disciplines
tor tomorrow's precision, the
Rolex Oysterquartz takes
time's ultimate measure. With
its 11-jewel movement and
quartz-linked motor, the new
Oysterquartz with Twinlock
crown is also pressure-proof
down to 185 feet.
CarLle
J JlwlllH
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
( ARI YLE
HEADQUARTFRS FOR
ROLEX
WATCHES
THE ADVANCE OF QUARTZ
TECHNOLOGY, THE ASPECT
OF ROLEX INTEGRITY: THE
OYSTERQUARTZ IMTE|UST
Deepen your definition of
timekeeping art with the new
Rolex Oysterquartz Datejust.
The goal of high performance
electronic technology hy
time's masterhuilder, Rolex,
is met in two exceptional
models, each with matching
integral bracelet:(l), the Oys
terquartz Datejust in stainless
steel and gold: (r>, the stain
less steel Oysterquartz. Prob
ing today's quart/ disciplines
tor tomorrow's precision, the
Rolex Oysterquartz takes
time's ultimate measure. With
its 11-jewel movement and
quartz-linked motor, the new
Oysterquartz with Twinlock
crown is also pressure-proof
down to 185 feet.
CarLle
J JlwlllH
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
( ARI YLE
HEADQUARTFRS FOR
ROLEX
WATCHES
THE ADVANCE OF QUARTZ
TECHNOLOGY, THE ASPECT
OF ROLEX INTEGRITY: THE
OYSTERQUARTZ IMTE|UST
Deepen your definition of
timekeeping art with the new
Rolex Oysterquartz Datejust.
The goal of high performance
electronic technology hy
time's masterhuilder, Rolex,
is met in two exceptional
models, each with matching
integral bracelet:(l), the Oys
terquartz Datejust in stainless
steel and gold: (r>, the stain
less steel Oysterquartz. Prob
ing today's quart/ disciplines
tor tomorrow's precision, the
Rolex Oysterquartz takes
time's ultimate measure. With
its 11-jewel movement and
quartz-linked motor, the new
Oysterquartz with Twinlock
crown is also pressure-proof
down to 185 feet.
CarLle
J JlwlllH
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
( ARI YLE
HEADQUARTFRS FOR
ROLEX
WATCHES
THE ADVANCE OF QUARTZ
TECHNOLOGY, THE ASPECT
OF ROLEX INTEGRITY: THE
OYSTERQUARTZ IMTE|UST
Deepen your definition of
timekeeping art with the new
Rolex Oysterquartz Datejust.
The goal of high performance
electronic technology hy
time's masterhuilder, Rolex,
is met in two exceptional
models, each with matching
integral bracelet:(l), the Oys
terquartz Datejust in stainless
steel and gold: (r>, the stain
less steel Oysterquartz. Prob
ing today's quart/ disciplines
tor tomorrow's precision, the
Rolex Oysterquartz takes
time's ultimate measure. With
its 11-jewel movement and
quartz-linked motor, the new
Oysterquartz with Twinlock
crown is also pressure-proof
down to 185 feet.
CarLle
J JlwlllH
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
( ARI YLE
HEADQUARTFRS FOR
ROLEX
WATCHES
THE ADVANCE OF QUARTZ
TECHNOLOGY, THE ASPECT
OF ROLEX INTEGRITY: THE
OYSTERQUARTZ IMTE|UST
Deepen your definition of
timekeeping art with the new
Rolex Oysterquartz Datejust.
The goal of high performance
electronic technology hy
time's masterhuilder, Rolex,
is met in two exceptional
models, each with matching
integral bracelet:(l), the Oys
terquartz Datejust in stainless
steel and gold: (r>, the stain
less steel Oysterquartz. Prob
ing today's quart/ disciplines
tor tomorrow's precision, the
Rolex Oysterquartz takes
time's ultimate measure. With
its 11-jewel movement and
quartz-linked motor, the new
Oysterquartz with Twinlock
crown is also pressure-proof
down to 185 feet.
CarLle
J JlwlllH
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
( ARI YLE
HEADQUARTFRS FOR
ROLEX
WATCHES
THE ADVANCE OF QUARTZ
TECHNOLOGY, THE ASPECT
OF ROLEX INTEGRITY: THE
OYSTERQUARTZ IMTE|UST
Deepen your definition of
timekeeping art with the new
Rolex Oysterquartz Datejust.
The goal of high performance
electronic technology hy
time's masterhuilder, Rolex,
is met in two exceptional
models, each with matching
integral bracelet:(l), the Oys
terquartz Datejust in stainless
steel and gold: (r>, the stain
less steel Oysterquartz. Prob
ing today's quart/ disciplines
tor tomorrow's precision, the
Rolex Oysterquartz takes
time's ultimate measure. With
its 11-jewel movement and
quartz-linked motor, the new
Oysterquartz with Twinlock
crown is also pressure-proof
down to 185 feet.
CarLle
J JlwlllH
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
( ARI YLE
HEADQUARTFRS FOR
ROLEX
WATCHES
THE ADVANCE OF QUARTZ
TECHNOLOGY, THE ASPECT
OF ROLEX INTEGRITY: THE
OYSTERQUARTZ IMTE|UST
Deepen your definition of
timekeeping art with the new
Rolex Oysterquartz Datejust.
The goal of high performance
electronic technology hy
time's masterhuilder, Rolex,
is met in two exceptional
models, each with matching
integral bracelet:(l), the Oys
terquartz Datejust in stainless
steel and gold: (r>, the stain
less steel Oysterquartz. Prob
ing today's quart/ disciplines
tor tomorrow's precision, the
Rolex Oysterquartz takes
time's ultimate measure. With
its 11-jewel movement and
quartz-linked motor, the new
Oysterquartz with Twinlock
crown is also pressure-proof
down to 185 feet.
CarLle
J JlwlllH
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
( ARI YLE
HEADQUARTFRS FOR
ROLEX
WATCHES
THE ADVANCE OF QUARTZ
TECHNOLOGY, THE ASPECT
OF ROLEX INTEGRITY: THE
OYSTERQUARTZ IMTE|UST
Deepen your definition of
timekeeping art with the new
Rolex Oysterquartz Datejust.
The goal of high performance
electronic technology hy
time's masterhuilder, Rolex,
is met in two exceptional
models, each with matching
integral bracelet:(l), the Oys
terquartz Datejust in stainless
steel and gold: (r>, the stain
less steel Oysterquartz. Prob
ing today's quart/ disciplines
tor tomorrow's precision, the
Rolex Oysterquartz takes
time's ultimate measure. With
its 11-jewel movement and
quartz-linked motor, the new
Oysterquartz with Twinlock
crown is also pressure-proof
down to 185 feet.
CarLle
J JlwlllH
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
( ARI YLE
HEADQUARTFRS FOR
ROLEX
WATCHES
THE ADVANCE OF QUARTZ
TECHNOLOGY, THE ASPECT
OF ROLEX INTEGRITY: THE
OYSTERQUARTZ IMTE|UST
Deepen your definition of
timekeeping art with the new
Rolex Oysterquartz Datejust.
The goal of high performance
electronic technology hy
time's masterhuilder, Rolex,
is met in two exceptional
models, each with matching
integral bracelet:(l), the Oys
terquartz Datejust in stainless
steel and gold: (r>, the stain
less steel Oysterquartz. Prob
ing today's quart/ disciplines
tor tomorrow's precision, the
Rolex Oysterquartz takes
time's ultimate measure. With
its 11-jewel movement and
quartz-linked motor, the new
Oysterquartz with Twinlock
crown is also pressure-proof
down to 185 feet.
CarLle
J JlwlllH
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
