# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Getting in shape
Ambitious, soon-to r be healthy students learn new exercise techniques at a hotly awareness
workshop held last Thursday in Serra Lounge in Stern. Sponsored by the Office of Residential
Education, the workshop was the second in a winter quarter series designed to bring students and
others into close contact with their bodies.

Getting in shape
Ambitious, soon-to r be healthy students learn new exercise techniques at a hotly awareness
workshop held last Thursday in Serra Lounge in Stern. Sponsored by the Office of Residential
Education, the workshop was the second in a winter quarter series designed to bring students and
others into close contact with their bodies.

Getting in shape
Ambitious, soon-to r be healthy students learn new exercise techniques at a hotly awareness
workshop held last Thursday in Serra Lounge in Stern. Sponsored by the Office of Residential
Education, the workshop was the second in a winter quarter series designed to bring students and
others into close contact with their bodies.

Getting in shape
Ambitious, soon-to r be healthy students learn new exercise techniques at a hotly awareness
workshop held last Thursday in Serra Lounge in Stern. Sponsored by the Office of Residential
Education, the workshop was the second in a winter quarter series designed to bring students and
others into close contact with their bodies.

Getting in shape
Ambitious, soon-to r be healthy students learn new exercise techniques at a hotly awareness
workshop held last Thursday in Serra Lounge in Stern. Sponsored by the Office of Residential
Education, the workshop was the second in a winter quarter series designed to bring students and
others into close contact with their bodies.

Getting in shape
Ambitious, soon-to r be healthy students learn new exercise techniques at a hotly awareness
workshop held last Thursday in Serra Lounge in Stern. Sponsored by the Office of Residential
Education, the workshop was the second in a winter quarter series designed to bring students and
others into close contact with their bodies.

Getting in shape
Ambitious, soon-to r be healthy students learn new exercise techniques at a hotly awareness
workshop held last Thursday in Serra Lounge in Stern. Sponsored by the Office of Residential
Education, the workshop was the second in a winter quarter series designed to bring students and
others into close contact with their bodies.

Getting in shape
Ambitious, soon-to r be healthy students learn new exercise techniques at a hotly awareness
workshop held last Thursday in Serra Lounge in Stern. Sponsored by the Office of Residential
Education, the workshop was the second in a winter quarter series designed to bring students and
others into close contact with their bodies.

Getting in shape
Ambitious, soon-to r be healthy students learn new exercise techniques at a hotly awareness
workshop held last Thursday in Serra Lounge in Stern. Sponsored by the Office of Residential
Education, the workshop was the second in a winter quarter series designed to bring students and
others into close contact with their bodies.
