# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
Dance
Thursday
8:30-10:30
Palo Alto Clubhouse
WELLS' ORCHESTRA
On account of basketball game the
dance will be piven on Thursday,
this week.
Dance
Thursday
8:30-10:30
Palo Alto Clubhouse
WELLS' ORCHESTRA
On account of basketball game the
dance will be piven on Thursday,
this week.
Dance
Thursday
8:30-10:30
Palo Alto Clubhouse
WELLS' ORCHESTRA
On account of basketball game the
dance will be piven on Thursday,
this week.
Dance
Thursday
8:30-10:30
Palo Alto Clubhouse
WELLS' ORCHESTRA
On account of basketball game the
dance will be piven on Thursday,
this week.
Dance
Thursday
8:30-10:30
Palo Alto Clubhouse
WELLS' ORCHESTRA
On account of basketball game the
dance will be piven on Thursday,
this week.
Dance
Thursday
8:30-10:30
Palo Alto Clubhouse
WELLS' ORCHESTRA
On account of basketball game the
dance will be piven on Thursday,
this week.
Dance
Thursday
8:30-10:30
Palo Alto Clubhouse
WELLS' ORCHESTRA
On account of basketball game the
dance will be piven on Thursday,
this week.
Dance
Thursday
8:30-10:30
Palo Alto Clubhouse
WELLS' ORCHESTRA
On account of basketball game the
dance will be piven on Thursday,
this week.
Dance
Thursday
8:30-10:30
Palo Alto Clubhouse
WELLS' ORCHESTRA
On account of basketball game the
dance will be piven on Thursday,
this week.
Dance
Thursday
8:30-10:30
Palo Alto Clubhouse
WELLS' ORCHESTRA
On account of basketball game the
dance will be piven on Thursday,
this week.
Dance
Thursday
8:30-10:30
Palo Alto Clubhouse
WELLS' ORCHESTRA
On account of basketball game the
dance will be piven on Thursday,
this week.
Dance
Thursday
8:30-10:30
Palo Alto Clubhouse
WELLS' ORCHESTRA
On account of basketball game the
dance will be piven on Thursday,
this week.
Dance
Thursday
8:30-10:30
Palo Alto Clubhouse
WELLS' ORCHESTRA
On account of basketball game the
dance will be piven on Thursday,
this week.
Dance
Thursday
8:30-10:30
Palo Alto Clubhouse
WELLS' ORCHESTRA
On account of basketball game the
dance will be piven on Thursday,
this week.
