# SHIPPING BOARD PLANS HELP
## 
### 
Outside the Taylor murder case, which
seems to be taking up all the space
the newspapers usually give to world
affairs, the chief issue before the world
are probably those that follow natur
ally in the wake of the disarmament
conference. Reaction to the work of
the conference at Washington is being
watched eagerly throughout the world,
to see if the decisions reached have
the public support necessary to back
them up.
Lloyd George declared the Wash
ington Conference to be "one of the
finest achievements ever registered in
the history of the world," at the open
ing of Parliament in London yester
day. J. R. Clynes, a doubting labor
leader, expresses the opinion that
peace could never be brought to the
world by mere reduction of forces, and
said that the work of the Conference
was largely a matter of "arithmatic."
A program to help the seventy ship
ping concerns which bought tonnage
after the armistice at the approximate
price of from $150 to $200 a ton, and
which now need protection from ex
tinction, was announced by the ship
ping board yesterday. By this plan
these companies that sought to build
up the American merchant marine will
be aided financially by the government
so that they will not fail in the task
they undertook.
Diplomatic representatives to Ger
many, Austria, and Hungary have been
appointed by President Harding.
Outside the Taylor murder case, which
seems to be taking up all the space
the newspapers usually give to world
affairs, the chief issue before the world
are probably those that follow natur
ally in the wake of the disarmament
conference. Reaction to the work of
the conference at Washington is being
watched eagerly throughout the world,
to see if the decisions reached have
the public support necessary to back
them up.
Lloyd George declared the Wash
ington Conference to be "one of the
finest achievements ever registered in
the history of the world," at the open
ing of Parliament in London yester
day. J. R. Clynes, a doubting labor
leader, expresses the opinion that
peace could never be brought to the
world by mere reduction of forces, and
said that the work of the Conference
was largely a matter of "arithmatic."
A program to help the seventy ship
ping concerns which bought tonnage
after the armistice at the approximate
price of from $150 to $200 a ton, and
which now need protection from ex
tinction, was announced by the ship
ping board yesterday. By this plan
these companies that sought to build
up the American merchant marine will
be aided financially by the government
so that they will not fail in the task
they undertook.
Diplomatic representatives to Ger
many, Austria, and Hungary have been
appointed by President Harding.
Outside the Taylor murder case, which
seems to be taking up all the space
the newspapers usually give to world
affairs, the chief issue before the world
are probably those that follow natur
ally in the wake of the disarmament
conference. Reaction to the work of
the conference at Washington is being
watched eagerly throughout the world,
to see if the decisions reached have
the public support necessary to back
them up.
Lloyd George declared the Wash
ington Conference to be "one of the
finest achievements ever registered in
the history of the world," at the open
ing of Parliament in London yester
day. J. R. Clynes, a doubting labor
leader, expresses the opinion that
peace could never be brought to the
world by mere reduction of forces, and
said that the work of the Conference
was largely a matter of "arithmatic."
A program to help the seventy ship
ping concerns which bought tonnage
after the armistice at the approximate
price of from $150 to $200 a ton, and
which now need protection from ex
tinction, was announced by the ship
ping board yesterday. By this plan
these companies that sought to build
up the American merchant marine will
be aided financially by the government
so that they will not fail in the task
they undertook.
Diplomatic representatives to Ger
many, Austria, and Hungary have been
appointed by President Harding.
Outside the Taylor murder case, which
seems to be taking up all the space
the newspapers usually give to world
affairs, the chief issue before the world
are probably those that follow natur
ally in the wake of the disarmament
conference. Reaction to the work of
the conference at Washington is being
watched eagerly throughout the world,
to see if the decisions reached have
the public support necessary to back
them up.
Lloyd George declared the Wash
ington Conference to be "one of the
finest achievements ever registered in
the history of the world," at the open
ing of Parliament in London yester
day. J. R. Clynes, a doubting labor
leader, expresses the opinion that
peace could never be brought to the
world by mere reduction of forces, and
said that the work of the Conference
was largely a matter of "arithmatic."
A program to help the seventy ship
ping concerns which bought tonnage
after the armistice at the approximate
price of from $150 to $200 a ton, and
which now need protection from ex
tinction, was announced by the ship
ping board yesterday. By this plan
these companies that sought to build
up the American merchant marine will
be aided financially by the government
so that they will not fail in the task
they undertook.
Diplomatic representatives to Ger
many, Austria, and Hungary have been
appointed by President Harding.
Outside the Taylor murder case, which
seems to be taking up all the space
the newspapers usually give to world
affairs, the chief issue before the world
are probably those that follow natur
ally in the wake of the disarmament
conference. Reaction to the work of
the conference at Washington is being
watched eagerly throughout the world,
to see if the decisions reached have
the public support necessary to back
them up.
Lloyd George declared the Wash
ington Conference to be "one of the
finest achievements ever registered in
the history of the world," at the open
ing of Parliament in London yester
day. J. R. Clynes, a doubting labor
leader, expresses the opinion that
peace could never be brought to the
world by mere reduction of forces, and
said that the work of the Conference
was largely a matter of "arithmatic."
A program to help the seventy ship
ping concerns which bought tonnage
after the armistice at the approximate
price of from $150 to $200 a ton, and
which now need protection from ex
tinction, was announced by the ship
ping board yesterday. By this plan
these companies that sought to build
up the American merchant marine will
be aided financially by the government
so that they will not fail in the task
they undertook.
Diplomatic representatives to Ger
many, Austria, and Hungary have been
appointed by President Harding.
Outside the Taylor murder case, which
seems to be taking up all the space
the newspapers usually give to world
affairs, the chief issue before the world
are probably those that follow natur
ally in the wake of the disarmament
conference. Reaction to the work of
the conference at Washington is being
watched eagerly throughout the world,
to see if the decisions reached have
the public support necessary to back
them up.
Lloyd George declared the Wash
ington Conference to be "one of the
finest achievements ever registered in
the history of the world," at the open
ing of Parliament in London yester
day. J. R. Clynes, a doubting labor
leader, expresses the opinion that
peace could never be brought to the
world by mere reduction of forces, and
said that the work of the Conference
was largely a matter of "arithmatic."
A program to help the seventy ship
ping concerns which bought tonnage
after the armistice at the approximate
price of from $150 to $200 a ton, and
which now need protection from ex
tinction, was announced by the ship
ping board yesterday. By this plan
these companies that sought to build
up the American merchant marine will
be aided financially by the government
so that they will not fail in the task
they undertook.
Diplomatic representatives to Ger
many, Austria, and Hungary have been
appointed by President Harding.
Outside the Taylor murder case, which
seems to be taking up all the space
the newspapers usually give to world
affairs, the chief issue before the world
are probably those that follow natur
ally in the wake of the disarmament
conference. Reaction to the work of
the conference at Washington is being
watched eagerly throughout the world,
to see if the decisions reached have
the public support necessary to back
them up.
Lloyd George declared the Wash
ington Conference to be "one of the
finest achievements ever registered in
the history of the world," at the open
ing of Parliament in London yester
day. J. R. Clynes, a doubting labor
leader, expresses the opinion that
peace could never be brought to the
world by mere reduction of forces, and
said that the work of the Conference
was largely a matter of "arithmatic."
A program to help the seventy ship
ping concerns which bought tonnage
after the armistice at the approximate
price of from $150 to $200 a ton, and
which now need protection from ex
tinction, was announced by the ship
ping board yesterday. By this plan
these companies that sought to build
up the American merchant marine will
be aided financially by the government
so that they will not fail in the task
they undertook.
Diplomatic representatives to Ger
many, Austria, and Hungary have been
appointed by President Harding.
Outside the Taylor murder case, which
seems to be taking up all the space
the newspapers usually give to world
affairs, the chief issue before the world
are probably those that follow natur
ally in the wake of the disarmament
conference. Reaction to the work of
the conference at Washington is being
watched eagerly throughout the world,
to see if the decisions reached have
the public support necessary to back
them up.
Lloyd George declared the Wash
ington Conference to be "one of the
finest achievements ever registered in
the history of the world," at the open
ing of Parliament in London yester
day. J. R. Clynes, a doubting labor
leader, expresses the opinion that
peace could never be brought to the
world by mere reduction of forces, and
said that the work of the Conference
was largely a matter of "arithmatic."
A program to help the seventy ship
ping concerns which bought tonnage
after the armistice at the approximate
price of from $150 to $200 a ton, and
which now need protection from ex
tinction, was announced by the ship
ping board yesterday. By this plan
these companies that sought to build
up the American merchant marine will
be aided financially by the government
so that they will not fail in the task
they undertook.
Diplomatic representatives to Ger
many, Austria, and Hungary have been
appointed by President Harding.
Outside the Taylor murder case, which
seems to be taking up all the space
the newspapers usually give to world
affairs, the chief issue before the world
are probably those that follow natur
ally in the wake of the disarmament
conference. Reaction to the work of
the conference at Washington is being
watched eagerly throughout the world,
to see if the decisions reached have
the public support necessary to back
them up.
Lloyd George declared the Wash
ington Conference to be "one of the
finest achievements ever registered in
the history of the world," at the open
ing of Parliament in London yester
day. J. R. Clynes, a doubting labor
leader, expresses the opinion that
peace could never be brought to the
world by mere reduction of forces, and
said that the work of the Conference
was largely a matter of "arithmatic."
A program to help the seventy ship
ping concerns which bought tonnage
after the armistice at the approximate
price of from $150 to $200 a ton, and
which now need protection from ex
tinction, was announced by the ship
ping board yesterday. By this plan
these companies that sought to build
up the American merchant marine will
be aided financially by the government
so that they will not fail in the task
they undertook.
Diplomatic representatives to Ger
many, Austria, and Hungary have been
appointed by President Harding.
Outside the Taylor murder case, which
seems to be taking up all the space
the newspapers usually give to world
affairs, the chief issue before the world
are probably those that follow natur
ally in the wake of the disarmament
conference. Reaction to the work of
the conference at Washington is being
watched eagerly throughout the world,
to see if the decisions reached have
the public support necessary to back
them up.
Lloyd George declared the Wash
ington Conference to be "one of the
finest achievements ever registered in
the history of the world," at the open
ing of Parliament in London yester
day. J. R. Clynes, a doubting labor
leader, expresses the opinion that
peace could never be brought to the
world by mere reduction of forces, and
said that the work of the Conference
was largely a matter of "arithmatic."
A program to help the seventy ship
ping concerns which bought tonnage
after the armistice at the approximate
price of from $150 to $200 a ton, and
which now need protection from ex
tinction, was announced by the ship
ping board yesterday. By this plan
these companies that sought to build
up the American merchant marine will
be aided financially by the government
so that they will not fail in the task
they undertook.
Diplomatic representatives to Ger
many, Austria, and Hungary have been
appointed by President Harding.
Outside the Taylor murder case, which
seems to be taking up all the space
the newspapers usually give to world
affairs, the chief issue before the world
are probably those that follow natur
ally in the wake of the disarmament
conference. Reaction to the work of
the conference at Washington is being
watched eagerly throughout the world,
to see if the decisions reached have
the public support necessary to back
them up.
Lloyd George declared the Wash
ington Conference to be "one of the
finest achievements ever registered in
the history of the world," at the open
ing of Parliament in London yester
day. J. R. Clynes, a doubting labor
leader, expresses the opinion that
peace could never be brought to the
world by mere reduction of forces, and
said that the work of the Conference
was largely a matter of "arithmatic."
A program to help the seventy ship
ping concerns which bought tonnage
after the armistice at the approximate
price of from $150 to $200 a ton, and
which now need protection from ex
tinction, was announced by the ship
ping board yesterday. By this plan
these companies that sought to build
up the American merchant marine will
be aided financially by the government
so that they will not fail in the task
they undertook.
Diplomatic representatives to Ger
many, Austria, and Hungary have been
appointed by President Harding.
Outside the Taylor murder case, which
seems to be taking up all the space
the newspapers usually give to world
affairs, the chief issue before the world
are probably those that follow natur
ally in the wake of the disarmament
conference. Reaction to the work of
the conference at Washington is being
watched eagerly throughout the world,
to see if the decisions reached have
the public support necessary to back
them up.
Lloyd George declared the Wash
ington Conference to be "one of the
finest achievements ever registered in
the history of the world," at the open
ing of Parliament in London yester
day. J. R. Clynes, a doubting labor
leader, expresses the opinion that
peace could never be brought to the
world by mere reduction of forces, and
said that the work of the Conference
was largely a matter of "arithmatic."
A program to help the seventy ship
ping concerns which bought tonnage
after the armistice at the approximate
price of from $150 to $200 a ton, and
which now need protection from ex
tinction, was announced by the ship
ping board yesterday. By this plan
these companies that sought to build
up the American merchant marine will
be aided financially by the government
so that they will not fail in the task
they undertook.
Diplomatic representatives to Ger
many, Austria, and Hungary have been
appointed by President Harding.
Outside the Taylor murder case, which
seems to be taking up all the space
the newspapers usually give to world
affairs, the chief issue before the world
are probably those that follow natur
ally in the wake of the disarmament
conference. Reaction to the work of
the conference at Washington is being
watched eagerly throughout the world,
to see if the decisions reached have
the public support necessary to back
them up.
Lloyd George declared the Wash
ington Conference to be "one of the
finest achievements ever registered in
the history of the world," at the open
ing of Parliament in London yester
day. J. R. Clynes, a doubting labor
leader, expresses the opinion that
peace could never be brought to the
world by mere reduction of forces, and
said that the work of the Conference
was largely a matter of "arithmatic."
A program to help the seventy ship
ping concerns which bought tonnage
after the armistice at the approximate
price of from $150 to $200 a ton, and
which now need protection from ex
tinction, was announced by the ship
ping board yesterday. By this plan
these companies that sought to build
up the American merchant marine will
be aided financially by the government
so that they will not fail in the task
they undertook.
Diplomatic representatives to Ger
many, Austria, and Hungary have been
appointed by President Harding.
Outside the Taylor murder case, which
seems to be taking up all the space
the newspapers usually give to world
affairs, the chief issue before the world
are probably those that follow natur
ally in the wake of the disarmament
conference. Reaction to the work of
the conference at Washington is being
watched eagerly throughout the world,
to see if the decisions reached have
the public support necessary to back
them up.
Lloyd George declared the Wash
ington Conference to be "one of the
finest achievements ever registered in
the history of the world," at the open
ing of Parliament in London yester
day. J. R. Clynes, a doubting labor
leader, expresses the opinion that
peace could never be brought to the
world by mere reduction of forces, and
said that the work of the Conference
was largely a matter of "arithmatic."
A program to help the seventy ship
ping concerns which bought tonnage
after the armistice at the approximate
price of from $150 to $200 a ton, and
which now need protection from ex
tinction, was announced by the ship
ping board yesterday. By this plan
these companies that sought to build
up the American merchant marine will
be aided financially by the government
so that they will not fail in the task
they undertook.
Diplomatic representatives to Ger
many, Austria, and Hungary have been
appointed by President Harding.
