# Articles in the Critic.
## 
### 
The Critic, which is the leading
literary weekly of the country, has
rcccntly contained reviews by Palo
Alto men. In the number for Dec.
10th, Mr. W. P. Chaiuberlin has an
article on Trent's "Wm. Sinims;"
also one on Mrs. Dall's "Barbara
Fritchie," Dec. 24. This latter num
ber contains Mr. W. W. Price's re
view of Bradford Torrey's "Footpath
Way."
The Critic, which is the leading
literary weekly of the country, has
rcccntly contained reviews by Palo
Alto men. In the number for Dec.
10th, Mr. W. P. Chaiuberlin has an
article on Trent's "Wm. Sinims;"
also one on Mrs. Dall's "Barbara
Fritchie," Dec. 24. This latter num
ber contains Mr. W. W. Price's re
view of Bradford Torrey's "Footpath
Way."
