# Untitled Article
## 
### 
"In the matter of decorations and
general demonstrations," remarked
an elderly gentleman with blue and
gold in Lis buttonhole, just after the
game, "ycu Stanford boys certainly
bad the best of it; your adherents
were less scattered, and your en
couragement to the players was al
ways well timed; as for the contest
itself, you certainly played a much
more scientific game." These words
convey pretty accurately the general
verdict of outsiders upon the great
football game, and while we must be
content with a tie score, we cannot
help rejoicing that the younger Uni
versity has aheadv shown itself su
perior to the older in the matter of
college spiiit. The thanks ot the
University are especially due to
Messrs. Moultou and Gruwell for
the satisfactory way in which they
fulfilled their arduous duties.
