# Foregone perks
## 
### 
The Stanford Bookstore's board of directors decided late last
week to terminate several benefits previously offered to the
store's employees. The benefits include the use of a motor home,
vacation home and luxury cars. The store had been renting both
the motor home and vacation home from a consulting firm operat
ed by the store's top two managers, Eldon Speed and Philip
Chiaramonte. The two cars below, an Infiniti Q45 and a Cadillac
Eldorado, had been provided to Speed and Chiaramonte by the
store. Six other current employees are also provided with vehi
cles. Over the last seven years, Speed has been provided with
seven different automobiles, including two Porsches and two
Cadillacs.





Photos by Rajiv Chandrasekaran — Dally file
The Stanford Bookstore's board of directors decided late last
week to terminate several benefits previously offered to the
store's employees. The benefits include the use of a motor home,
vacation home and luxury cars. The store had been renting both
the motor home and vacation home from a consulting firm operat
ed by the store's top two managers, Eldon Speed and Philip
Chiaramonte. The two cars below, an Infiniti Q45 and a Cadillac
Eldorado, had been provided to Speed and Chiaramonte by the
store. Six other current employees are also provided with vehi
cles. Over the last seven years, Speed has been provided with
seven different automobiles, including two Porsches and two
Cadillacs.





Photos by Rajiv Chandrasekaran — Dally file
The Stanford Bookstore's board of directors decided late last
week to terminate several benefits previously offered to the
store's employees. The benefits include the use of a motor home,
vacation home and luxury cars. The store had been renting both
the motor home and vacation home from a consulting firm operat
ed by the store's top two managers, Eldon Speed and Philip
Chiaramonte. The two cars below, an Infiniti Q45 and a Cadillac
Eldorado, had been provided to Speed and Chiaramonte by the
store. Six other current employees are also provided with vehi
cles. Over the last seven years, Speed has been provided with
seven different automobiles, including two Porsches and two
Cadillacs.





Photos by Rajiv Chandrasekaran — Dally file
The Stanford Bookstore's board of directors decided late last
week to terminate several benefits previously offered to the
store's employees. The benefits include the use of a motor home,
vacation home and luxury cars. The store had been renting both
the motor home and vacation home from a consulting firm operat
ed by the store's top two managers, Eldon Speed and Philip
Chiaramonte. The two cars below, an Infiniti Q45 and a Cadillac
Eldorado, had been provided to Speed and Chiaramonte by the
store. Six other current employees are also provided with vehi
cles. Over the last seven years, Speed has been provided with
seven different automobiles, including two Porsches and two
Cadillacs.





Photos by Rajiv Chandrasekaran — Dally file
The Stanford Bookstore's board of directors decided late last
week to terminate several benefits previously offered to the
store's employees. The benefits include the use of a motor home,
vacation home and luxury cars. The store had been renting both
the motor home and vacation home from a consulting firm operat
ed by the store's top two managers, Eldon Speed and Philip
Chiaramonte. The two cars below, an Infiniti Q45 and a Cadillac
Eldorado, had been provided to Speed and Chiaramonte by the
store. Six other current employees are also provided with vehi
cles. Over the last seven years, Speed has been provided with
seven different automobiles, including two Porsches and two
Cadillacs.





Photos by Rajiv Chandrasekaran — Dally file
The Stanford Bookstore's board of directors decided late last
week to terminate several benefits previously offered to the
store's employees. The benefits include the use of a motor home,
vacation home and luxury cars. The store had been renting both
the motor home and vacation home from a consulting firm operat
ed by the store's top two managers, Eldon Speed and Philip
Chiaramonte. The two cars below, an Infiniti Q45 and a Cadillac
Eldorado, had been provided to Speed and Chiaramonte by the
store. Six other current employees are also provided with vehi
cles. Over the last seven years, Speed has been provided with
seven different automobiles, including two Porsches and two
Cadillacs.





Photos by Rajiv Chandrasekaran — Dally file
The Stanford Bookstore's board of directors decided late last
week to terminate several benefits previously offered to the
store's employees. The benefits include the use of a motor home,
vacation home and luxury cars. The store had been renting both
the motor home and vacation home from a consulting firm operat
ed by the store's top two managers, Eldon Speed and Philip
Chiaramonte. The two cars below, an Infiniti Q45 and a Cadillac
Eldorado, had been provided to Speed and Chiaramonte by the
store. Six other current employees are also provided with vehi
cles. Over the last seven years, Speed has been provided with
seven different automobiles, including two Porsches and two
Cadillacs.





Photos by Rajiv Chandrasekaran — Dally file
The Stanford Bookstore's board of directors decided late last
week to terminate several benefits previously offered to the
store's employees. The benefits include the use of a motor home,
vacation home and luxury cars. The store had been renting both
the motor home and vacation home from a consulting firm operat
ed by the store's top two managers, Eldon Speed and Philip
Chiaramonte. The two cars below, an Infiniti Q45 and a Cadillac
Eldorado, had been provided to Speed and Chiaramonte by the
store. Six other current employees are also provided with vehi
cles. Over the last seven years, Speed has been provided with
seven different automobiles, including two Porsches and two
Cadillacs.





Photos by Rajiv Chandrasekaran — Dally file
