# Stanford Graduate Honored at Harvard
## 
### 
Glenn A. Wingard, Stanford '22, has
recently been elected to the Student
Editorial Board of the Harvard Busi
ness Review, publication of the Har
vard Business School.
Election to the board is on the basis
of scholarship. Wingard and an Occi-;
dental man were the only men to be
elected out of twenty-five enrolled
from California colleges. While here I
Wingard majored in mechanical engi-1
neering.
Glenn A. Wingard, Stanford '22, has
recently been elected to the Student
Editorial Board of the Harvard Busi
ness Review, publication of the Har
vard Business School.
Election to the board is on the basis
of scholarship. Wingard and an Occi-;
dental man were the only men to be
elected out of twenty-five enrolled
from California colleges. While here I
Wingard majored in mechanical engi-1
neering.
Glenn A. Wingard, Stanford '22, has
recently been elected to the Student
Editorial Board of the Harvard Busi
ness Review, publication of the Har
vard Business School.
Election to the board is on the basis
of scholarship. Wingard and an Occi-;
dental man were the only men to be
elected out of twenty-five enrolled
from California colleges. While here I
Wingard majored in mechanical engi-1
neering.
Glenn A. Wingard, Stanford '22, has
recently been elected to the Student
Editorial Board of the Harvard Busi
ness Review, publication of the Har
vard Business School.
Election to the board is on the basis
of scholarship. Wingard and an Occi-;
dental man were the only men to be
elected out of twenty-five enrolled
from California colleges. While here I
Wingard majored in mechanical engi-1
neering.
Glenn A. Wingard, Stanford '22, has
recently been elected to the Student
Editorial Board of the Harvard Busi
ness Review, publication of the Har
vard Business School.
Election to the board is on the basis
of scholarship. Wingard and an Occi-;
dental man were the only men to be
elected out of twenty-five enrolled
from California colleges. While here I
Wingard majored in mechanical engi-1
neering.
Glenn A. Wingard, Stanford '22, has
recently been elected to the Student
Editorial Board of the Harvard Busi
ness Review, publication of the Har
vard Business School.
Election to the board is on the basis
of scholarship. Wingard and an Occi-;
dental man were the only men to be
elected out of twenty-five enrolled
from California colleges. While here I
Wingard majored in mechanical engi-1
neering.
Glenn A. Wingard, Stanford '22, has
recently been elected to the Student
Editorial Board of the Harvard Busi
ness Review, publication of the Har
vard Business School.
Election to the board is on the basis
of scholarship. Wingard and an Occi-;
dental man were the only men to be
elected out of twenty-five enrolled
from California colleges. While here I
Wingard majored in mechanical engi-1
neering.
Glenn A. Wingard, Stanford '22, has
recently been elected to the Student
Editorial Board of the Harvard Busi
ness Review, publication of the Har
vard Business School.
Election to the board is on the basis
of scholarship. Wingard and an Occi-;
dental man were the only men to be
elected out of twenty-five enrolled
from California colleges. While here I
Wingard majored in mechanical engi-1
neering.
Glenn A. Wingard, Stanford '22, has
recently been elected to the Student
Editorial Board of the Harvard Busi
ness Review, publication of the Har
vard Business School.
Election to the board is on the basis
of scholarship. Wingard and an Occi-;
dental man were the only men to be
elected out of twenty-five enrolled
from California colleges. While here I
Wingard majored in mechanical engi-1
neering.
Glenn A. Wingard, Stanford '22, has
recently been elected to the Student
Editorial Board of the Harvard Busi
ness Review, publication of the Har
vard Business School.
Election to the board is on the basis
of scholarship. Wingard and an Occi-;
dental man were the only men to be
elected out of twenty-five enrolled
from California colleges. While here I
Wingard majored in mechanical engi-1
neering.
Glenn A. Wingard, Stanford '22, has
recently been elected to the Student
Editorial Board of the Harvard Busi
ness Review, publication of the Har
vard Business School.
Election to the board is on the basis
of scholarship. Wingard and an Occi-;
dental man were the only men to be
elected out of twenty-five enrolled
from California colleges. While here I
Wingard majored in mechanical engi-1
neering.
Glenn A. Wingard, Stanford '22, has
recently been elected to the Student
Editorial Board of the Harvard Busi
ness Review, publication of the Har
vard Business School.
Election to the board is on the basis
of scholarship. Wingard and an Occi-;
dental man were the only men to be
elected out of twenty-five enrolled
from California colleges. While here I
Wingard majored in mechanical engi-1
neering.
Glenn A. Wingard, Stanford '22, has
recently been elected to the Student
Editorial Board of the Harvard Busi
ness Review, publication of the Har
vard Business School.
Election to the board is on the basis
of scholarship. Wingard and an Occi-;
dental man were the only men to be
elected out of twenty-five enrolled
from California colleges. While here I
Wingard majored in mechanical engi-1
neering.
Glenn A. Wingard, Stanford '22, has
recently been elected to the Student
Editorial Board of the Harvard Busi
ness Review, publication of the Har
vard Business School.
Election to the board is on the basis
of scholarship. Wingard and an Occi-;
dental man were the only men to be
elected out of twenty-five enrolled
from California colleges. While here I
Wingard majored in mechanical engi-1
neering.
Glenn A. Wingard, Stanford '22, has
recently been elected to the Student
Editorial Board of the Harvard Busi
ness Review, publication of the Har
vard Business School.
Election to the board is on the basis
of scholarship. Wingard and an Occi-;
dental man were the only men to be
elected out of twenty-five enrolled
from California colleges. While here I
Wingard majored in mechanical engi-1
neering.
Glenn A. Wingard, Stanford '22, has
recently been elected to the Student
Editorial Board of the Harvard Busi
ness Review, publication of the Har
vard Business School.
Election to the board is on the basis
of scholarship. Wingard and an Occi-;
dental man were the only men to be
elected out of twenty-five enrolled
from California colleges. While here I
Wingard majored in mechanical engi-1
neering.
