# Percy Grainger Will Play In San Francisco Concert
## 
### 
The first municipal concert of the
season will be given at the San Fran
cisco Municipal auditorium next Mon
day with Percy Grainger, the noted
Australian and American pianist, ap
pearing as soloist for the San Fran
cisco symphony orchestra, which is
conducted by Alfred Hertz.
The program consists of the "Sche
herazade Suite" by N. Rimsky-Koras
kov, a set of four colorful numbers,
descriptive of an Arabian Nights tale,
and the "Introduction to the Third
Act" from Wagner's opera "Die Meis
tersinger."
Grainger will play Grieg's "A Minor
Concerto" with the orchestra. Grain
ger has been identified with this work
since 1907,. as he lived for several
months with Grieg himself at that
time, and became enthused in his
work.
The first municipal concert of the
season will be given at the San Fran
cisco Municipal auditorium next Mon
day with Percy Grainger, the noted
Australian and American pianist, ap
pearing as soloist for the San Fran
cisco symphony orchestra, which is
conducted by Alfred Hertz.
The program consists of the "Sche
herazade Suite" by N. Rimsky-Koras
kov, a set of four colorful numbers,
descriptive of an Arabian Nights tale,
and the "Introduction to the Third
Act" from Wagner's opera "Die Meis
tersinger."
Grainger will play Grieg's "A Minor
Concerto" with the orchestra. Grain
ger has been identified with this work
since 1907,. as he lived for several
months with Grieg himself at that
time, and became enthused in his
work.
The first municipal concert of the
season will be given at the San Fran
cisco Municipal auditorium next Mon
day with Percy Grainger, the noted
Australian and American pianist, ap
pearing as soloist for the San Fran
cisco symphony orchestra, which is
conducted by Alfred Hertz.
The program consists of the "Sche
herazade Suite" by N. Rimsky-Koras
kov, a set of four colorful numbers,
descriptive of an Arabian Nights tale,
and the "Introduction to the Third
Act" from Wagner's opera "Die Meis
tersinger."
Grainger will play Grieg's "A Minor
Concerto" with the orchestra. Grain
ger has been identified with this work
since 1907,. as he lived for several
months with Grieg himself at that
time, and became enthused in his
work.
The first municipal concert of the
season will be given at the San Fran
cisco Municipal auditorium next Mon
day with Percy Grainger, the noted
Australian and American pianist, ap
pearing as soloist for the San Fran
cisco symphony orchestra, which is
conducted by Alfred Hertz.
The program consists of the "Sche
herazade Suite" by N. Rimsky-Koras
kov, a set of four colorful numbers,
descriptive of an Arabian Nights tale,
and the "Introduction to the Third
Act" from Wagner's opera "Die Meis
tersinger."
Grainger will play Grieg's "A Minor
Concerto" with the orchestra. Grain
ger has been identified with this work
since 1907,. as he lived for several
months with Grieg himself at that
time, and became enthused in his
work.
The first municipal concert of the
season will be given at the San Fran
cisco Municipal auditorium next Mon
day with Percy Grainger, the noted
Australian and American pianist, ap
pearing as soloist for the San Fran
cisco symphony orchestra, which is
conducted by Alfred Hertz.
The program consists of the "Sche
herazade Suite" by N. Rimsky-Koras
kov, a set of four colorful numbers,
descriptive of an Arabian Nights tale,
and the "Introduction to the Third
Act" from Wagner's opera "Die Meis
tersinger."
Grainger will play Grieg's "A Minor
Concerto" with the orchestra. Grain
ger has been identified with this work
since 1907,. as he lived for several
months with Grieg himself at that
time, and became enthused in his
work.
The first municipal concert of the
season will be given at the San Fran
cisco Municipal auditorium next Mon
day with Percy Grainger, the noted
Australian and American pianist, ap
pearing as soloist for the San Fran
cisco symphony orchestra, which is
conducted by Alfred Hertz.
The program consists of the "Sche
herazade Suite" by N. Rimsky-Koras
kov, a set of four colorful numbers,
descriptive of an Arabian Nights tale,
and the "Introduction to the Third
Act" from Wagner's opera "Die Meis
tersinger."
Grainger will play Grieg's "A Minor
Concerto" with the orchestra. Grain
ger has been identified with this work
since 1907,. as he lived for several
months with Grieg himself at that
time, and became enthused in his
work.
The first municipal concert of the
season will be given at the San Fran
cisco Municipal auditorium next Mon
day with Percy Grainger, the noted
Australian and American pianist, ap
pearing as soloist for the San Fran
cisco symphony orchestra, which is
conducted by Alfred Hertz.
The program consists of the "Sche
herazade Suite" by N. Rimsky-Koras
kov, a set of four colorful numbers,
descriptive of an Arabian Nights tale,
and the "Introduction to the Third
Act" from Wagner's opera "Die Meis
tersinger."
Grainger will play Grieg's "A Minor
Concerto" with the orchestra. Grain
ger has been identified with this work
since 1907,. as he lived for several
months with Grieg himself at that
time, and became enthused in his
work.
The first municipal concert of the
season will be given at the San Fran
cisco Municipal auditorium next Mon
day with Percy Grainger, the noted
Australian and American pianist, ap
pearing as soloist for the San Fran
cisco symphony orchestra, which is
conducted by Alfred Hertz.
The program consists of the "Sche
herazade Suite" by N. Rimsky-Koras
kov, a set of four colorful numbers,
descriptive of an Arabian Nights tale,
and the "Introduction to the Third
Act" from Wagner's opera "Die Meis
tersinger."
Grainger will play Grieg's "A Minor
Concerto" with the orchestra. Grain
ger has been identified with this work
since 1907,. as he lived for several
months with Grieg himself at that
time, and became enthused in his
work.
The first municipal concert of the
season will be given at the San Fran
cisco Municipal auditorium next Mon
day with Percy Grainger, the noted
Australian and American pianist, ap
pearing as soloist for the San Fran
cisco symphony orchestra, which is
conducted by Alfred Hertz.
The program consists of the "Sche
herazade Suite" by N. Rimsky-Koras
kov, a set of four colorful numbers,
descriptive of an Arabian Nights tale,
and the "Introduction to the Third
Act" from Wagner's opera "Die Meis
tersinger."
Grainger will play Grieg's "A Minor
Concerto" with the orchestra. Grain
ger has been identified with this work
since 1907,. as he lived for several
months with Grieg himself at that
time, and became enthused in his
work.
The first municipal concert of the
season will be given at the San Fran
cisco Municipal auditorium next Mon
day with Percy Grainger, the noted
Australian and American pianist, ap
pearing as soloist for the San Fran
cisco symphony orchestra, which is
conducted by Alfred Hertz.
The program consists of the "Sche
herazade Suite" by N. Rimsky-Koras
kov, a set of four colorful numbers,
descriptive of an Arabian Nights tale,
and the "Introduction to the Third
Act" from Wagner's opera "Die Meis
tersinger."
Grainger will play Grieg's "A Minor
Concerto" with the orchestra. Grain
ger has been identified with this work
since 1907,. as he lived for several
months with Grieg himself at that
time, and became enthused in his
work.
The first municipal concert of the
season will be given at the San Fran
cisco Municipal auditorium next Mon
day with Percy Grainger, the noted
Australian and American pianist, ap
pearing as soloist for the San Fran
cisco symphony orchestra, which is
conducted by Alfred Hertz.
The program consists of the "Sche
herazade Suite" by N. Rimsky-Koras
kov, a set of four colorful numbers,
descriptive of an Arabian Nights tale,
and the "Introduction to the Third
Act" from Wagner's opera "Die Meis
tersinger."
Grainger will play Grieg's "A Minor
Concerto" with the orchestra. Grain
ger has been identified with this work
since 1907,. as he lived for several
months with Grieg himself at that
time, and became enthused in his
work.
The first municipal concert of the
season will be given at the San Fran
cisco Municipal auditorium next Mon
day with Percy Grainger, the noted
Australian and American pianist, ap
pearing as soloist for the San Fran
cisco symphony orchestra, which is
conducted by Alfred Hertz.
The program consists of the "Sche
herazade Suite" by N. Rimsky-Koras
kov, a set of four colorful numbers,
descriptive of an Arabian Nights tale,
and the "Introduction to the Third
Act" from Wagner's opera "Die Meis
tersinger."
Grainger will play Grieg's "A Minor
Concerto" with the orchestra. Grain
ger has been identified with this work
since 1907,. as he lived for several
months with Grieg himself at that
time, and became enthused in his
work.
The first municipal concert of the
season will be given at the San Fran
cisco Municipal auditorium next Mon
day with Percy Grainger, the noted
Australian and American pianist, ap
pearing as soloist for the San Fran
cisco symphony orchestra, which is
conducted by Alfred Hertz.
The program consists of the "Sche
herazade Suite" by N. Rimsky-Koras
kov, a set of four colorful numbers,
descriptive of an Arabian Nights tale,
and the "Introduction to the Third
Act" from Wagner's opera "Die Meis
tersinger."
Grainger will play Grieg's "A Minor
Concerto" with the orchestra. Grain
ger has been identified with this work
since 1907,. as he lived for several
months with Grieg himself at that
time, and became enthused in his
work.
The first municipal concert of the
season will be given at the San Fran
cisco Municipal auditorium next Mon
day with Percy Grainger, the noted
Australian and American pianist, ap
pearing as soloist for the San Fran
cisco symphony orchestra, which is
conducted by Alfred Hertz.
The program consists of the "Sche
herazade Suite" by N. Rimsky-Koras
kov, a set of four colorful numbers,
descriptive of an Arabian Nights tale,
and the "Introduction to the Third
Act" from Wagner's opera "Die Meis
tersinger."
Grainger will play Grieg's "A Minor
Concerto" with the orchestra. Grain
ger has been identified with this work
since 1907,. as he lived for several
months with Grieg himself at that
time, and became enthused in his
work.
The first municipal concert of the
season will be given at the San Fran
cisco Municipal auditorium next Mon
day with Percy Grainger, the noted
Australian and American pianist, ap
pearing as soloist for the San Fran
cisco symphony orchestra, which is
conducted by Alfred Hertz.
The program consists of the "Sche
herazade Suite" by N. Rimsky-Koras
kov, a set of four colorful numbers,
descriptive of an Arabian Nights tale,
and the "Introduction to the Third
Act" from Wagner's opera "Die Meis
tersinger."
Grainger will play Grieg's "A Minor
Concerto" with the orchestra. Grain
ger has been identified with this work
since 1907,. as he lived for several
months with Grieg himself at that
time, and became enthused in his
work.
The first municipal concert of the
season will be given at the San Fran
cisco Municipal auditorium next Mon
day with Percy Grainger, the noted
Australian and American pianist, ap
pearing as soloist for the San Fran
cisco symphony orchestra, which is
conducted by Alfred Hertz.
The program consists of the "Sche
herazade Suite" by N. Rimsky-Koras
kov, a set of four colorful numbers,
descriptive of an Arabian Nights tale,
and the "Introduction to the Third
Act" from Wagner's opera "Die Meis
tersinger."
Grainger will play Grieg's "A Minor
Concerto" with the orchestra. Grain
ger has been identified with this work
since 1907,. as he lived for several
months with Grieg himself at that
time, and became enthused in his
work.
