# INSIDE
## 
### 
Armed & dangerous
Chris MacMurdo leads
the Cardinal against
Georgia, Notre Dame
See Sports, page 7

High & mighty
After two days, men's
swimming leads in the
Pac-10 championships
See Sports, page 7

Slow & staggering
Has recovery from
the recession become
caught in a sand trap?
See Opinions, page 4



Armed & dangerous
Chris MacMurdo leads
the Cardinal against
Georgia, Notre Dame
See Sports, page 7

High & mighty
After two days, men's
swimming leads in the
Pac-10 championships
See Sports, page 7

Slow & staggering
Has recovery from
the recession become
caught in a sand trap?
See Opinions, page 4



Armed & dangerous
Chris MacMurdo leads
the Cardinal against
Georgia, Notre Dame
See Sports, page 7

High & mighty
After two days, men's
swimming leads in the
Pac-10 championships
See Sports, page 7

Slow & staggering
Has recovery from
the recession become
caught in a sand trap?
See Opinions, page 4



Armed & dangerous
Chris MacMurdo leads
the Cardinal against
Georgia, Notre Dame
See Sports, page 7

High & mighty
After two days, men's
swimming leads in the
Pac-10 championships
See Sports, page 7

Slow & staggering
Has recovery from
the recession become
caught in a sand trap?
See Opinions, page 4



Armed & dangerous
Chris MacMurdo leads
the Cardinal against
Georgia, Notre Dame
See Sports, page 7

High & mighty
After two days, men's
swimming leads in the
Pac-10 championships
See Sports, page 7

Slow & staggering
Has recovery from
the recession become
caught in a sand trap?
See Opinions, page 4



Armed & dangerous
Chris MacMurdo leads
the Cardinal against
Georgia, Notre Dame
See Sports, page 7

High & mighty
After two days, men's
swimming leads in the
Pac-10 championships
See Sports, page 7

Slow & staggering
Has recovery from
the recession become
caught in a sand trap?
See Opinions, page 4



Armed & dangerous
Chris MacMurdo leads
the Cardinal against
Georgia, Notre Dame
See Sports, page 7

High & mighty
After two days, men's
swimming leads in the
Pac-10 championships
See Sports, page 7

Slow & staggering
Has recovery from
the recession become
caught in a sand trap?
See Opinions, page 4



