# Adv. 2 Page 3
## 
### 
ANANDA MARGA
Presents
"THE MIND"
TONIGHT
7:30 pm
TRESIDDER 282
A Journey through the crude
and subtle layers of mind and
beyond; this multimedia
presentation depicts the Yogic
view of the mind and
Psychology and incorporates
the newer trends in Western
Psychology and Psycho-
Biology.
ANANDA MARGA
Presents
"THE MIND"
TONIGHT
7:30 pm
TRESIDDER 282
A Journey through the crude
and subtle layers of mind and
beyond; this multimedia
presentation depicts the Yogic
view of the mind and
Psychology and incorporates
the newer trends in Western
Psychology and Psycho-
Biology.
ANANDA MARGA
Presents
"THE MIND"
TONIGHT
7:30 pm
TRESIDDER 282
A Journey through the crude
and subtle layers of mind and
beyond; this multimedia
presentation depicts the Yogic
view of the mind and
Psychology and incorporates
the newer trends in Western
Psychology and Psycho-
Biology.
ANANDA MARGA
Presents
"THE MIND"
TONIGHT
7:30 pm
TRESIDDER 282
A Journey through the crude
and subtle layers of mind and
beyond; this multimedia
presentation depicts the Yogic
view of the mind and
Psychology and incorporates
the newer trends in Western
Psychology and Psycho-
Biology.
ANANDA MARGA
Presents
"THE MIND"
TONIGHT
7:30 pm
TRESIDDER 282
A Journey through the crude
and subtle layers of mind and
beyond; this multimedia
presentation depicts the Yogic
view of the mind and
Psychology and incorporates
the newer trends in Western
Psychology and Psycho-
Biology.
ANANDA MARGA
Presents
"THE MIND"
TONIGHT
7:30 pm
TRESIDDER 282
A Journey through the crude
and subtle layers of mind and
beyond; this multimedia
presentation depicts the Yogic
view of the mind and
Psychology and incorporates
the newer trends in Western
Psychology and Psycho-
Biology.
ANANDA MARGA
Presents
"THE MIND"
TONIGHT
7:30 pm
TRESIDDER 282
A Journey through the crude
and subtle layers of mind and
beyond; this multimedia
presentation depicts the Yogic
view of the mind and
Psychology and incorporates
the newer trends in Western
Psychology and Psycho-
Biology.
ANANDA MARGA
Presents
"THE MIND"
TONIGHT
7:30 pm
TRESIDDER 282
A Journey through the crude
and subtle layers of mind and
beyond; this multimedia
presentation depicts the Yogic
view of the mind and
Psychology and incorporates
the newer trends in Western
Psychology and Psycho-
Biology.
ANANDA MARGA
Presents
"THE MIND"
TONIGHT
7:30 pm
TRESIDDER 282
A Journey through the crude
and subtle layers of mind and
beyond; this multimedia
presentation depicts the Yogic
view of the mind and
Psychology and incorporates
the newer trends in Western
Psychology and Psycho-
Biology.
ANANDA MARGA
Presents
"THE MIND"
TONIGHT
7:30 pm
TRESIDDER 282
A Journey through the crude
and subtle layers of mind and
beyond; this multimedia
presentation depicts the Yogic
view of the mind and
Psychology and incorporates
the newer trends in Western
Psychology and Psycho-
Biology.
ANANDA MARGA
Presents
"THE MIND"
TONIGHT
7:30 pm
TRESIDDER 282
A Journey through the crude
and subtle layers of mind and
beyond; this multimedia
presentation depicts the Yogic
view of the mind and
Psychology and incorporates
the newer trends in Western
Psychology and Psycho-
Biology.
ANANDA MARGA
Presents
"THE MIND"
TONIGHT
7:30 pm
TRESIDDER 282
A Journey through the crude
and subtle layers of mind and
beyond; this multimedia
presentation depicts the Yogic
view of the mind and
Psychology and incorporates
the newer trends in Western
Psychology and Psycho-
Biology.
ANANDA MARGA
Presents
"THE MIND"
TONIGHT
7:30 pm
TRESIDDER 282
A Journey through the crude
and subtle layers of mind and
beyond; this multimedia
presentation depicts the Yogic
view of the mind and
Psychology and incorporates
the newer trends in Western
Psychology and Psycho-
Biology.
ANANDA MARGA
Presents
"THE MIND"
TONIGHT
7:30 pm
TRESIDDER 282
A Journey through the crude
and subtle layers of mind and
beyond; this multimedia
presentation depicts the Yogic
view of the mind and
Psychology and incorporates
the newer trends in Western
Psychology and Psycho-
Biology.
ANANDA MARGA
Presents
"THE MIND"
TONIGHT
7:30 pm
TRESIDDER 282
A Journey through the crude
and subtle layers of mind and
beyond; this multimedia
presentation depicts the Yogic
view of the mind and
Psychology and incorporates
the newer trends in Western
Psychology and Psycho-
Biology.
