# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Organizations interested in
being considered for a
percentage of fee assessment
funds for next year must
submit a detailed estimate of
expenses and list of sources
of funds to ASSU Financial
Manager Dave Martin by Feb.
20.
Organizations interested in
being considered for a
percentage of fee assessment
funds for next year must
submit a detailed estimate of
expenses and list of sources
of funds to ASSU Financial
Manager Dave Martin by Feb.
20.
Organizations interested in
being considered for a
percentage of fee assessment
funds for next year must
submit a detailed estimate of
expenses and list of sources
of funds to ASSU Financial
Manager Dave Martin by Feb.
20.
Organizations interested in
being considered for a
percentage of fee assessment
funds for next year must
submit a detailed estimate of
expenses and list of sources
of funds to ASSU Financial
Manager Dave Martin by Feb.
20.
Organizations interested in
being considered for a
percentage of fee assessment
funds for next year must
submit a detailed estimate of
expenses and list of sources
of funds to ASSU Financial
Manager Dave Martin by Feb.
20.
Organizations interested in
being considered for a
percentage of fee assessment
funds for next year must
submit a detailed estimate of
expenses and list of sources
of funds to ASSU Financial
Manager Dave Martin by Feb.
20.
Organizations interested in
being considered for a
percentage of fee assessment
funds for next year must
submit a detailed estimate of
expenses and list of sources
of funds to ASSU Financial
Manager Dave Martin by Feb.
20.
Organizations interested in
being considered for a
percentage of fee assessment
funds for next year must
submit a detailed estimate of
expenses and list of sources
of funds to ASSU Financial
Manager Dave Martin by Feb.
20.
Organizations interested in
being considered for a
percentage of fee assessment
funds for next year must
submit a detailed estimate of
expenses and list of sources
of funds to ASSU Financial
Manager Dave Martin by Feb.
20.
Organizations interested in
being considered for a
percentage of fee assessment
funds for next year must
submit a detailed estimate of
expenses and list of sources
of funds to ASSU Financial
Manager Dave Martin by Feb.
20.
Organizations interested in
being considered for a
percentage of fee assessment
funds for next year must
submit a detailed estimate of
expenses and list of sources
of funds to ASSU Financial
Manager Dave Martin by Feb.
20.
Organizations interested in
being considered for a
percentage of fee assessment
funds for next year must
submit a detailed estimate of
expenses and list of sources
of funds to ASSU Financial
Manager Dave Martin by Feb.
20.
Organizations interested in
being considered for a
percentage of fee assessment
funds for next year must
submit a detailed estimate of
expenses and list of sources
of funds to ASSU Financial
Manager Dave Martin by Feb.
20.
Organizations interested in
being considered for a
percentage of fee assessment
funds for next year must
submit a detailed estimate of
expenses and list of sources
of funds to ASSU Financial
Manager Dave Martin by Feb.
20.
Organizations interested in
being considered for a
percentage of fee assessment
funds for next year must
submit a detailed estimate of
expenses and list of sources
of funds to ASSU Financial
Manager Dave Martin by Feb.
20.
