# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
WS.S.
WAR SAYINGS STAMPS
18SUED BY THE
UNITED STATES
GOVERNMENT
HOTEL LYNDON
Los Gatos, Calif.
I
JU
Come down to Los Gatos
on your week-end party.
Good dinners at moder
ate prices.
MISS C. MURRAY.
Froi»rietor.
WS.S.
WAR SAYINGS STAMPS
18SUED BY THE
UNITED STATES
GOVERNMENT
HOTEL LYNDON
Los Gatos, Calif.
I
JU
Come down to Los Gatos
on your week-end party.
Good dinners at moder
ate prices.
MISS C. MURRAY.
Froi»rietor.
WS.S.
WAR SAYINGS STAMPS
18SUED BY THE
UNITED STATES
GOVERNMENT
HOTEL LYNDON
Los Gatos, Calif.
I
JU
Come down to Los Gatos
on your week-end party.
Good dinners at moder
ate prices.
MISS C. MURRAY.
Froi»rietor.
WS.S.
WAR SAYINGS STAMPS
18SUED BY THE
UNITED STATES
GOVERNMENT
HOTEL LYNDON
Los Gatos, Calif.
I
JU
Come down to Los Gatos
on your week-end party.
Good dinners at moder
ate prices.
MISS C. MURRAY.
Froi»rietor.
WS.S.
WAR SAYINGS STAMPS
18SUED BY THE
UNITED STATES
GOVERNMENT
HOTEL LYNDON
Los Gatos, Calif.
I
JU
Come down to Los Gatos
on your week-end party.
Good dinners at moder
ate prices.
MISS C. MURRAY.
Froi»rietor.
WS.S.
WAR SAYINGS STAMPS
18SUED BY THE
UNITED STATES
GOVERNMENT
HOTEL LYNDON
Los Gatos, Calif.
I
JU
Come down to Los Gatos
on your week-end party.
Good dinners at moder
ate prices.
MISS C. MURRAY.
Froi»rietor.
WS.S.
WAR SAYINGS STAMPS
18SUED BY THE
UNITED STATES
GOVERNMENT
HOTEL LYNDON
Los Gatos, Calif.
I
JU
Come down to Los Gatos
on your week-end party.
Good dinners at moder
ate prices.
MISS C. MURRAY.
Froi»rietor.
WS.S.
WAR SAYINGS STAMPS
18SUED BY THE
UNITED STATES
GOVERNMENT
HOTEL LYNDON
Los Gatos, Calif.
I
JU
Come down to Los Gatos
on your week-end party.
Good dinners at moder
ate prices.
MISS C. MURRAY.
Froi»rietor.
WS.S.
WAR SAYINGS STAMPS
18SUED BY THE
UNITED STATES
GOVERNMENT
HOTEL LYNDON
Los Gatos, Calif.
I
JU
Come down to Los Gatos
on your week-end party.
Good dinners at moder
ate prices.
MISS C. MURRAY.
Froi»rietor.
WS.S.
WAR SAYINGS STAMPS
18SUED BY THE
UNITED STATES
GOVERNMENT
HOTEL LYNDON
Los Gatos, Calif.
I
JU
Come down to Los Gatos
on your week-end party.
Good dinners at moder
ate prices.
MISS C. MURRAY.
Froi»rietor.
WS.S.
WAR SAYINGS STAMPS
18SUED BY THE
UNITED STATES
GOVERNMENT
HOTEL LYNDON
Los Gatos, Calif.
I
JU
Come down to Los Gatos
on your week-end party.
Good dinners at moder
ate prices.
MISS C. MURRAY.
Froi»rietor.
WS.S.
WAR SAYINGS STAMPS
18SUED BY THE
UNITED STATES
GOVERNMENT
HOTEL LYNDON
Los Gatos, Calif.
I
JU
Come down to Los Gatos
on your week-end party.
Good dinners at moder
ate prices.
MISS C. MURRAY.
Froi»rietor.
WS.S.
WAR SAYINGS STAMPS
18SUED BY THE
UNITED STATES
GOVERNMENT
HOTEL LYNDON
Los Gatos, Calif.
I
JU
Come down to Los Gatos
on your week-end party.
Good dinners at moder
ate prices.
MISS C. MURRAY.
Froi»rietor.
WS.S.
WAR SAYINGS STAMPS
18SUED BY THE
UNITED STATES
GOVERNMENT
HOTEL LYNDON
Los Gatos, Calif.
I
JU
Come down to Los Gatos
on your week-end party.
Good dinners at moder
ate prices.
MISS C. MURRAY.
Froi»rietor.
WS.S.
WAR SAYINGS STAMPS
18SUED BY THE
UNITED STATES
GOVERNMENT
HOTEL LYNDON
Los Gatos, Calif.
I
JU
Come down to Los Gatos
on your week-end party.
Good dinners at moder
ate prices.
MISS C. MURRAY.
Froi»rietor.
WS.S.
WAR SAYINGS STAMPS
18SUED BY THE
UNITED STATES
GOVERNMENT
HOTEL LYNDON
Los Gatos, Calif.
I
JU
Come down to Los Gatos
on your week-end party.
Good dinners at moder
ate prices.
MISS C. MURRAY.
Froi»rietor.
