# UNDER THE WEATHER....
## 
### 
Women's Kcsl Home — Patricia
James, Paula Smith, Shirley Hill,
Arlcne Goldstone, Marjorie Hamil
ton, Nancy Bevan.
Men's Kesl Home—Gus Chavalas,
Jack Bradt, James Stevenson, Don
ald Biggs. Richard West, Don Pear
son, David Bcnnion. John Folsom.
Palo Alto Ilospivai—Norman Lat
in, Harold Grines, James O'Neill,
Barbara Metzger, Philip Sncdecor,
Carolyn Wadsworth, Donald Whip
ple, Carolyn Young.
Women's Kcsl Home — Patricia
James, Paula Smith, Shirley Hill,
Arlcne Goldstone, Marjorie Hamil
ton, Nancy Bevan.
Men's Kesl Home—Gus Chavalas,
Jack Bradt, James Stevenson, Don
ald Biggs. Richard West, Don Pear
son, David Bcnnion. John Folsom.
Palo Alto Ilospivai—Norman Lat
in, Harold Grines, James O'Neill,
Barbara Metzger, Philip Sncdecor,
Carolyn Wadsworth, Donald Whip
ple, Carolyn Young.
Women's Kcsl Home — Patricia
James, Paula Smith, Shirley Hill,
Arlcne Goldstone, Marjorie Hamil
ton, Nancy Bevan.
Men's Kesl Home—Gus Chavalas,
Jack Bradt, James Stevenson, Don
ald Biggs. Richard West, Don Pear
son, David Bcnnion. John Folsom.
Palo Alto Ilospivai—Norman Lat
in, Harold Grines, James O'Neill,
Barbara Metzger, Philip Sncdecor,
Carolyn Wadsworth, Donald Whip
ple, Carolyn Young.
Women's Kcsl Home — Patricia
James, Paula Smith, Shirley Hill,
Arlcne Goldstone, Marjorie Hamil
ton, Nancy Bevan.
Men's Kesl Home—Gus Chavalas,
Jack Bradt, James Stevenson, Don
ald Biggs. Richard West, Don Pear
son, David Bcnnion. John Folsom.
Palo Alto Ilospivai—Norman Lat
in, Harold Grines, James O'Neill,
Barbara Metzger, Philip Sncdecor,
Carolyn Wadsworth, Donald Whip
ple, Carolyn Young.
Women's Kcsl Home — Patricia
James, Paula Smith, Shirley Hill,
Arlcne Goldstone, Marjorie Hamil
ton, Nancy Bevan.
Men's Kesl Home—Gus Chavalas,
Jack Bradt, James Stevenson, Don
ald Biggs. Richard West, Don Pear
son, David Bcnnion. John Folsom.
Palo Alto Ilospivai—Norman Lat
in, Harold Grines, James O'Neill,
Barbara Metzger, Philip Sncdecor,
Carolyn Wadsworth, Donald Whip
ple, Carolyn Young.
Women's Kcsl Home — Patricia
James, Paula Smith, Shirley Hill,
Arlcne Goldstone, Marjorie Hamil
ton, Nancy Bevan.
Men's Kesl Home—Gus Chavalas,
Jack Bradt, James Stevenson, Don
ald Biggs. Richard West, Don Pear
son, David Bcnnion. John Folsom.
Palo Alto Ilospivai—Norman Lat
in, Harold Grines, James O'Neill,
Barbara Metzger, Philip Sncdecor,
Carolyn Wadsworth, Donald Whip
ple, Carolyn Young.
Women's Kcsl Home — Patricia
James, Paula Smith, Shirley Hill,
Arlcne Goldstone, Marjorie Hamil
ton, Nancy Bevan.
Men's Kesl Home—Gus Chavalas,
Jack Bradt, James Stevenson, Don
ald Biggs. Richard West, Don Pear
son, David Bcnnion. John Folsom.
Palo Alto Ilospivai—Norman Lat
in, Harold Grines, James O'Neill,
Barbara Metzger, Philip Sncdecor,
Carolyn Wadsworth, Donald Whip
ple, Carolyn Young.
Women's Kcsl Home — Patricia
James, Paula Smith, Shirley Hill,
Arlcne Goldstone, Marjorie Hamil
ton, Nancy Bevan.
Men's Kesl Home—Gus Chavalas,
Jack Bradt, James Stevenson, Don
ald Biggs. Richard West, Don Pear
son, David Bcnnion. John Folsom.
Palo Alto Ilospivai—Norman Lat
in, Harold Grines, James O'Neill,
Barbara Metzger, Philip Sncdecor,
Carolyn Wadsworth, Donald Whip
ple, Carolyn Young.
Women's Kcsl Home — Patricia
James, Paula Smith, Shirley Hill,
Arlcne Goldstone, Marjorie Hamil
ton, Nancy Bevan.
Men's Kesl Home—Gus Chavalas,
Jack Bradt, James Stevenson, Don
ald Biggs. Richard West, Don Pear
son, David Bcnnion. John Folsom.
Palo Alto Ilospivai—Norman Lat
in, Harold Grines, James O'Neill,
Barbara Metzger, Philip Sncdecor,
Carolyn Wadsworth, Donald Whip
ple, Carolyn Young.
Women's Kcsl Home — Patricia
James, Paula Smith, Shirley Hill,
Arlcne Goldstone, Marjorie Hamil
ton, Nancy Bevan.
Men's Kesl Home—Gus Chavalas,
Jack Bradt, James Stevenson, Don
ald Biggs. Richard West, Don Pear
son, David Bcnnion. John Folsom.
Palo Alto Ilospivai—Norman Lat
in, Harold Grines, James O'Neill,
Barbara Metzger, Philip Sncdecor,
Carolyn Wadsworth, Donald Whip
ple, Carolyn Young.
Women's Kcsl Home — Patricia
James, Paula Smith, Shirley Hill,
Arlcne Goldstone, Marjorie Hamil
ton, Nancy Bevan.
Men's Kesl Home—Gus Chavalas,
Jack Bradt, James Stevenson, Don
ald Biggs. Richard West, Don Pear
son, David Bcnnion. John Folsom.
Palo Alto Ilospivai—Norman Lat
in, Harold Grines, James O'Neill,
Barbara Metzger, Philip Sncdecor,
Carolyn Wadsworth, Donald Whip
ple, Carolyn Young.
Women's Kcsl Home — Patricia
James, Paula Smith, Shirley Hill,
Arlcne Goldstone, Marjorie Hamil
ton, Nancy Bevan.
Men's Kesl Home—Gus Chavalas,
Jack Bradt, James Stevenson, Don
ald Biggs. Richard West, Don Pear
son, David Bcnnion. John Folsom.
Palo Alto Ilospivai—Norman Lat
in, Harold Grines, James O'Neill,
Barbara Metzger, Philip Sncdecor,
Carolyn Wadsworth, Donald Whip
ple, Carolyn Young.
Women's Kcsl Home — Patricia
James, Paula Smith, Shirley Hill,
Arlcne Goldstone, Marjorie Hamil
ton, Nancy Bevan.
Men's Kesl Home—Gus Chavalas,
Jack Bradt, James Stevenson, Don
ald Biggs. Richard West, Don Pear
son, David Bcnnion. John Folsom.
Palo Alto Ilospivai—Norman Lat
in, Harold Grines, James O'Neill,
Barbara Metzger, Philip Sncdecor,
Carolyn Wadsworth, Donald Whip
ple, Carolyn Young.
Women's Kcsl Home — Patricia
James, Paula Smith, Shirley Hill,
Arlcne Goldstone, Marjorie Hamil
ton, Nancy Bevan.
Men's Kesl Home—Gus Chavalas,
Jack Bradt, James Stevenson, Don
ald Biggs. Richard West, Don Pear
son, David Bcnnion. John Folsom.
Palo Alto Ilospivai—Norman Lat
in, Harold Grines, James O'Neill,
Barbara Metzger, Philip Sncdecor,
Carolyn Wadsworth, Donald Whip
ple, Carolyn Young.
Women's Kcsl Home — Patricia
James, Paula Smith, Shirley Hill,
Arlcne Goldstone, Marjorie Hamil
ton, Nancy Bevan.
Men's Kesl Home—Gus Chavalas,
Jack Bradt, James Stevenson, Don
ald Biggs. Richard West, Don Pear
son, David Bcnnion. John Folsom.
Palo Alto Ilospivai—Norman Lat
in, Harold Grines, James O'Neill,
Barbara Metzger, Philip Sncdecor,
Carolyn Wadsworth, Donald Whip
ple, Carolyn Young.
