# Branner Girls Turn Singers
## 
### 
Branner girls will go caroling at
Toyon, Lagunita, and up the Row
Wednesday night preceding their
Christmas party which will begin at
10:30.
Each girl will bring a gift to put
under the tree at Branner, and all
gifts will be sent to the University
of Naples. A skit will be included
in the entertainment and refresh
ments will be served, announced
Margie Botts, general chairman.
Caroling cheerful Chrstmas songs,
women of the Union Unit will help
dispel dead week gloom when they
serenade Roble this coming Wed
nesday. Cathy Morris, chairman of
the event, announces that all Union
women are invited to gather right
after dinner for the singing.
Another high point of 1 Union
Christmas festivities will be a din
ner to be held Sunday evening, Dec.
14. Honored guests invited are: Dr.
and Mrs. Donald Tresidder, Dr. and
Mrs. Lawrence A. Kimpton, Mr. and
Mrs. Edward White, Miss Christine
Ricker, and Mrs. Milton Bell. The
Union trio, Alison Dice, Guyla Run
yan, and Marky Cleek, will present
a short program of Christmas music
after the dinner, and then lead the
whole group in singing carols, ac
cording to Jane Bush, chairman of
the affair.
