# Stanford plans to raise faculty salaries
## 
### Andrea Kohn 
In an effort to remain compet
itive with rivals such as UC-
Berkeley, Harvard, Yale and MIT,
University officials plan to in
crease the amount of money al
located for faculty salaries by 5.6
percent next year.
Although Stanford pays profes
sional salaries that are above na
tional averages, officials say the
increases are necessary for Stan
ford to remain competitive in at
tracting and keeping top profes
sors.
"We pay close attention to fac
ulty salaries because they are the

key to competing," said Tim
Warner, associate provost and di
rector of budgets. "Salaries are
critical in retaining and attracting
faculty."
Stanford boasts higher salaries
than most other universities, ac
cording to Provost Office figures
reported in a survey sponsored by
the American Association of Uni
versity Professors released this
month.
Stanford professors earned an
average of $70,800 in 1987-88,
$19,720 more than the average
professorial salary at other uni
versities that award doctoral
degrees. Associate and assistant

professors here also exceeded the
average earnings of their peers by
$12,770 and $8,120, respectively.
Stanford, second only to Har
vard, pays its professors more
than UC-Berkeley, Yale and MIT.
Associate and assistant professors
here earn more than their col
leagues at those four institutions.
Stanford also conducts its own
salary surveys each year to deter
mine where the University stands
in relation to its competition.
University Provost James
Rosse, who approves individual
faculty salaries and presented the
1988-89 budget to the Faculty
Senate on Thursday, stressed that

Stanford attempts to compete
with the "top 20" universities.
"We are not concerned with what
the University of Nevada pays,"
he said.
The AAUP survey distin
guished between professors, asso
ciate professors and assistant pro
fessors. According to Warner, the
distinctions between a professor,
associate professor and assistant
professor at Stanford are based
on ability, experience and achieve
ment.
At Stanford, individuals are
generally promoted from assistant
professor to associate professor.
An associate professor is usually
granted tenure while a full pro
fessor always has tenure.
Warner noted that the budget
committee also considers factors
such as the rate of inflation and
the cost of living, in addition to
the competition factor, when de
termining the salary increase.
Rosse said the University needs
"to go over the inflation rate to
remain competitive" in the na
tional faculty market.
Although the total salary pool
will increase by 5.6 percent, this
does not necessarily mean that all
faculty members will receive a 5.6
percent wage increase.
But "most faculty members,
probably all, will receive some sort
of increase," Warner said.
Individual faculty salaries are
based on merit, Warner said.
Faculty salaries for the 1988-89
academic year have not yet been
determined. Faculty members will
be notified about their salary

status sometime in July, Rosse
said.
In the University's salary proc
ess, each school has a base salary
budget that represents the sum
of all faculty salaries in that
school. This amount will increase
by 5.6 percent.
However, individual salaries are
determined by the dean or chair
of each school and submitted to
Rosse for approval.
According to Warner, this
"decentralization" is necessary
because the deans are "closer to

the problems and better able to
focus on them."
Each school sets aside 0.5 per
cent of the total 5.6 percent in
crease to address specific prob
lems, Warner said. For example,
deans in the Medical, Law and
Business schools must battle the
pressures of outside markets.
"Salaries in the Medical School
are consistently higher than other
areas because physicians can com
mand more in outside disci
plines," Warner said.
