# SF-Homolulu Fares Cut 25% On Pan Am Tourist Clippers
## 
### 
Pan American World Airways to- -
day announced a 25 per cent cut in
fares between the West Coast and
Honolulu in an extension of tourist
services to the West Coast-Hawaii
run. The drop in price is subject to
Civil Aeronautics Board approval.
The services will be offered twice
weekly from Los Angeles via San
Francisco to Honolulu in DC-4-type
Clippers accommodating 44 passen
gers. The fare from either city will
be $120 one way, as compared with
$1(50 for the regular accommoda
tions. Round-trip fare will be $228
as compared with the regular fare
of $288.
Light refreshments, but no hot
meals, will be served to tourist
service passengers. Stewardess
service also will be available.
Double-deck Clippers of the Stra
tocruiser type will continue to
maintain daily service between the
West Coast and Honolulu. In ad
dition to the Clipper service, 30-
passenger "Sleeperette" DC-4's will
fly from Seattle.
Pan American World Airways to- -
day announced a 25 per cent cut in
fares between the West Coast and
Honolulu in an extension of tourist
services to the West Coast-Hawaii
run. The drop in price is subject to
Civil Aeronautics Board approval.
The services will be offered twice
weekly from Los Angeles via San
Francisco to Honolulu in DC-4-type
Clippers accommodating 44 passen
gers. The fare from either city will
be $120 one way, as compared with
$1(50 for the regular accommoda
tions. Round-trip fare will be $228
as compared with the regular fare
of $288.
Light refreshments, but no hot
meals, will be served to tourist
service passengers. Stewardess
service also will be available.
Double-deck Clippers of the Stra
tocruiser type will continue to
maintain daily service between the
West Coast and Honolulu. In ad
dition to the Clipper service, 30-
passenger "Sleeperette" DC-4's will
fly from Seattle.
Pan American World Airways to- -
day announced a 25 per cent cut in
fares between the West Coast and
Honolulu in an extension of tourist
services to the West Coast-Hawaii
run. The drop in price is subject to
Civil Aeronautics Board approval.
The services will be offered twice
weekly from Los Angeles via San
Francisco to Honolulu in DC-4-type
Clippers accommodating 44 passen
gers. The fare from either city will
be $120 one way, as compared with
$1(50 for the regular accommoda
tions. Round-trip fare will be $228
as compared with the regular fare
of $288.
Light refreshments, but no hot
meals, will be served to tourist
service passengers. Stewardess
service also will be available.
Double-deck Clippers of the Stra
tocruiser type will continue to
maintain daily service between the
West Coast and Honolulu. In ad
dition to the Clipper service, 30-
passenger "Sleeperette" DC-4's will
fly from Seattle.
Pan American World Airways to- -
day announced a 25 per cent cut in
fares between the West Coast and
Honolulu in an extension of tourist
services to the West Coast-Hawaii
run. The drop in price is subject to
Civil Aeronautics Board approval.
The services will be offered twice
weekly from Los Angeles via San
Francisco to Honolulu in DC-4-type
Clippers accommodating 44 passen
gers. The fare from either city will
be $120 one way, as compared with
$1(50 for the regular accommoda
tions. Round-trip fare will be $228
as compared with the regular fare
of $288.
Light refreshments, but no hot
meals, will be served to tourist
service passengers. Stewardess
service also will be available.
Double-deck Clippers of the Stra
tocruiser type will continue to
maintain daily service between the
West Coast and Honolulu. In ad
dition to the Clipper service, 30-
passenger "Sleeperette" DC-4's will
fly from Seattle.
Pan American World Airways to- -
day announced a 25 per cent cut in
fares between the West Coast and
Honolulu in an extension of tourist
services to the West Coast-Hawaii
run. The drop in price is subject to
Civil Aeronautics Board approval.
The services will be offered twice
weekly from Los Angeles via San
Francisco to Honolulu in DC-4-type
Clippers accommodating 44 passen
gers. The fare from either city will
be $120 one way, as compared with
$1(50 for the regular accommoda
tions. Round-trip fare will be $228
as compared with the regular fare
of $288.
Light refreshments, but no hot
meals, will be served to tourist
service passengers. Stewardess
service also will be available.
Double-deck Clippers of the Stra
tocruiser type will continue to
maintain daily service between the
West Coast and Honolulu. In ad
dition to the Clipper service, 30-
passenger "Sleeperette" DC-4's will
fly from Seattle.
Pan American World Airways to- -
day announced a 25 per cent cut in
fares between the West Coast and
Honolulu in an extension of tourist
services to the West Coast-Hawaii
run. The drop in price is subject to
Civil Aeronautics Board approval.
The services will be offered twice
weekly from Los Angeles via San
Francisco to Honolulu in DC-4-type
Clippers accommodating 44 passen
gers. The fare from either city will
be $120 one way, as compared with
$1(50 for the regular accommoda
tions. Round-trip fare will be $228
as compared with the regular fare
of $288.
Light refreshments, but no hot
meals, will be served to tourist
service passengers. Stewardess
service also will be available.
Double-deck Clippers of the Stra
tocruiser type will continue to
maintain daily service between the
West Coast and Honolulu. In ad
dition to the Clipper service, 30-
passenger "Sleeperette" DC-4's will
fly from Seattle.
Pan American World Airways to- -
day announced a 25 per cent cut in
fares between the West Coast and
Honolulu in an extension of tourist
services to the West Coast-Hawaii
run. The drop in price is subject to
Civil Aeronautics Board approval.
The services will be offered twice
weekly from Los Angeles via San
Francisco to Honolulu in DC-4-type
Clippers accommodating 44 passen
gers. The fare from either city will
be $120 one way, as compared with
$1(50 for the regular accommoda
tions. Round-trip fare will be $228
as compared with the regular fare
of $288.
Light refreshments, but no hot
meals, will be served to tourist
service passengers. Stewardess
service also will be available.
Double-deck Clippers of the Stra
tocruiser type will continue to
maintain daily service between the
West Coast and Honolulu. In ad
dition to the Clipper service, 30-
passenger "Sleeperette" DC-4's will
fly from Seattle.
Pan American World Airways to- -
day announced a 25 per cent cut in
fares between the West Coast and
Honolulu in an extension of tourist
services to the West Coast-Hawaii
run. The drop in price is subject to
Civil Aeronautics Board approval.
The services will be offered twice
weekly from Los Angeles via San
Francisco to Honolulu in DC-4-type
Clippers accommodating 44 passen
gers. The fare from either city will
be $120 one way, as compared with
$1(50 for the regular accommoda
tions. Round-trip fare will be $228
as compared with the regular fare
of $288.
Light refreshments, but no hot
meals, will be served to tourist
service passengers. Stewardess
service also will be available.
Double-deck Clippers of the Stra
tocruiser type will continue to
maintain daily service between the
West Coast and Honolulu. In ad
dition to the Clipper service, 30-
passenger "Sleeperette" DC-4's will
fly from Seattle.
Pan American World Airways to- -
day announced a 25 per cent cut in
fares between the West Coast and
Honolulu in an extension of tourist
services to the West Coast-Hawaii
run. The drop in price is subject to
Civil Aeronautics Board approval.
The services will be offered twice
weekly from Los Angeles via San
Francisco to Honolulu in DC-4-type
Clippers accommodating 44 passen
gers. The fare from either city will
be $120 one way, as compared with
$1(50 for the regular accommoda
tions. Round-trip fare will be $228
as compared with the regular fare
of $288.
Light refreshments, but no hot
meals, will be served to tourist
service passengers. Stewardess
service also will be available.
Double-deck Clippers of the Stra
tocruiser type will continue to
maintain daily service between the
West Coast and Honolulu. In ad
dition to the Clipper service, 30-
passenger "Sleeperette" DC-4's will
fly from Seattle.
Pan American World Airways to- -
day announced a 25 per cent cut in
fares between the West Coast and
Honolulu in an extension of tourist
services to the West Coast-Hawaii
run. The drop in price is subject to
Civil Aeronautics Board approval.
The services will be offered twice
weekly from Los Angeles via San
Francisco to Honolulu in DC-4-type
Clippers accommodating 44 passen
gers. The fare from either city will
be $120 one way, as compared with
$1(50 for the regular accommoda
tions. Round-trip fare will be $228
as compared with the regular fare
of $288.
Light refreshments, but no hot
meals, will be served to tourist
service passengers. Stewardess
service also will be available.
Double-deck Clippers of the Stra
tocruiser type will continue to
maintain daily service between the
West Coast and Honolulu. In ad
dition to the Clipper service, 30-
passenger "Sleeperette" DC-4's will
fly from Seattle.
Pan American World Airways to- -
day announced a 25 per cent cut in
fares between the West Coast and
Honolulu in an extension of tourist
services to the West Coast-Hawaii
run. The drop in price is subject to
Civil Aeronautics Board approval.
The services will be offered twice
weekly from Los Angeles via San
Francisco to Honolulu in DC-4-type
Clippers accommodating 44 passen
gers. The fare from either city will
be $120 one way, as compared with
$1(50 for the regular accommoda
tions. Round-trip fare will be $228
as compared with the regular fare
of $288.
Light refreshments, but no hot
meals, will be served to tourist
service passengers. Stewardess
service also will be available.
Double-deck Clippers of the Stra
tocruiser type will continue to
maintain daily service between the
West Coast and Honolulu. In ad
dition to the Clipper service, 30-
passenger "Sleeperette" DC-4's will
fly from Seattle.
Pan American World Airways to- -
day announced a 25 per cent cut in
fares between the West Coast and
Honolulu in an extension of tourist
services to the West Coast-Hawaii
run. The drop in price is subject to
Civil Aeronautics Board approval.
The services will be offered twice
weekly from Los Angeles via San
Francisco to Honolulu in DC-4-type
Clippers accommodating 44 passen
gers. The fare from either city will
be $120 one way, as compared with
$1(50 for the regular accommoda
tions. Round-trip fare will be $228
as compared with the regular fare
of $288.
Light refreshments, but no hot
meals, will be served to tourist
service passengers. Stewardess
service also will be available.
Double-deck Clippers of the Stra
tocruiser type will continue to
maintain daily service between the
West Coast and Honolulu. In ad
dition to the Clipper service, 30-
passenger "Sleeperette" DC-4's will
fly from Seattle.
Pan American World Airways to- -
day announced a 25 per cent cut in
fares between the West Coast and
Honolulu in an extension of tourist
services to the West Coast-Hawaii
run. The drop in price is subject to
Civil Aeronautics Board approval.
The services will be offered twice
weekly from Los Angeles via San
Francisco to Honolulu in DC-4-type
Clippers accommodating 44 passen
gers. The fare from either city will
be $120 one way, as compared with
$1(50 for the regular accommoda
tions. Round-trip fare will be $228
as compared with the regular fare
of $288.
Light refreshments, but no hot
meals, will be served to tourist
service passengers. Stewardess
service also will be available.
Double-deck Clippers of the Stra
tocruiser type will continue to
maintain daily service between the
West Coast and Honolulu. In ad
dition to the Clipper service, 30-
passenger "Sleeperette" DC-4's will
fly from Seattle.
Pan American World Airways to- -
day announced a 25 per cent cut in
fares between the West Coast and
Honolulu in an extension of tourist
services to the West Coast-Hawaii
run. The drop in price is subject to
Civil Aeronautics Board approval.
The services will be offered twice
weekly from Los Angeles via San
Francisco to Honolulu in DC-4-type
Clippers accommodating 44 passen
gers. The fare from either city will
be $120 one way, as compared with
$1(50 for the regular accommoda
tions. Round-trip fare will be $228
as compared with the regular fare
of $288.
Light refreshments, but no hot
meals, will be served to tourist
service passengers. Stewardess
service also will be available.
Double-deck Clippers of the Stra
tocruiser type will continue to
maintain daily service between the
West Coast and Honolulu. In ad
dition to the Clipper service, 30-
passenger "Sleeperette" DC-4's will
fly from Seattle.
Pan American World Airways to- -
day announced a 25 per cent cut in
fares between the West Coast and
Honolulu in an extension of tourist
services to the West Coast-Hawaii
run. The drop in price is subject to
Civil Aeronautics Board approval.
The services will be offered twice
weekly from Los Angeles via San
Francisco to Honolulu in DC-4-type
Clippers accommodating 44 passen
gers. The fare from either city will
be $120 one way, as compared with
$1(50 for the regular accommoda
tions. Round-trip fare will be $228
as compared with the regular fare
of $288.
Light refreshments, but no hot
meals, will be served to tourist
service passengers. Stewardess
service also will be available.
Double-deck Clippers of the Stra
tocruiser type will continue to
maintain daily service between the
West Coast and Honolulu. In ad
dition to the Clipper service, 30-
passenger "Sleeperette" DC-4's will
fly from Seattle.
Pan American World Airways to- -
day announced a 25 per cent cut in
fares between the West Coast and
Honolulu in an extension of tourist
services to the West Coast-Hawaii
run. The drop in price is subject to
Civil Aeronautics Board approval.
The services will be offered twice
weekly from Los Angeles via San
Francisco to Honolulu in DC-4-type
Clippers accommodating 44 passen
gers. The fare from either city will
be $120 one way, as compared with
$1(50 for the regular accommoda
tions. Round-trip fare will be $228
as compared with the regular fare
of $288.
Light refreshments, but no hot
meals, will be served to tourist
service passengers. Stewardess
service also will be available.
Double-deck Clippers of the Stra
tocruiser type will continue to
maintain daily service between the
West Coast and Honolulu. In ad
dition to the Clipper service, 30-
passenger "Sleeperette" DC-4's will
fly from Seattle.
