# Rare Volumes Given to Library
## 
### 
A 37-volume collection of Jane
Grabhorn publications—special edi
tions from her Colt and Jumbo
presses—has been given to the Al
bert M. Bender Rare Book Room by
Phillip C. Case of San Francisco.
The collection is complete except
for two books.
The Grabhorn books, with other
typographical collections in the
Bender Room, are basic reference
materials for study* in the graphic
arts.
A 37-volume collection of Jane
Grabhorn publications—special edi
tions from her Colt and Jumbo
presses—has been given to the Al
bert M. Bender Rare Book Room by
Phillip C. Case of San Francisco.
The collection is complete except
for two books.
The Grabhorn books, with other
typographical collections in the
Bender Room, are basic reference
materials for study* in the graphic
arts.
A 37-volume collection of Jane
Grabhorn publications—special edi
tions from her Colt and Jumbo
presses—has been given to the Al
bert M. Bender Rare Book Room by
Phillip C. Case of San Francisco.
The collection is complete except
for two books.
The Grabhorn books, with other
typographical collections in the
Bender Room, are basic reference
materials for study* in the graphic
arts.
A 37-volume collection of Jane
Grabhorn publications—special edi
tions from her Colt and Jumbo
presses—has been given to the Al
bert M. Bender Rare Book Room by
Phillip C. Case of San Francisco.
The collection is complete except
for two books.
The Grabhorn books, with other
typographical collections in the
Bender Room, are basic reference
materials for study* in the graphic
arts.
A 37-volume collection of Jane
Grabhorn publications—special edi
tions from her Colt and Jumbo
presses—has been given to the Al
bert M. Bender Rare Book Room by
Phillip C. Case of San Francisco.
The collection is complete except
for two books.
The Grabhorn books, with other
typographical collections in the
Bender Room, are basic reference
materials for study* in the graphic
arts.
A 37-volume collection of Jane
Grabhorn publications—special edi
tions from her Colt and Jumbo
presses—has been given to the Al
bert M. Bender Rare Book Room by
Phillip C. Case of San Francisco.
The collection is complete except
for two books.
The Grabhorn books, with other
typographical collections in the
Bender Room, are basic reference
materials for study* in the graphic
arts.
A 37-volume collection of Jane
Grabhorn publications—special edi
tions from her Colt and Jumbo
presses—has been given to the Al
bert M. Bender Rare Book Room by
Phillip C. Case of San Francisco.
The collection is complete except
for two books.
The Grabhorn books, with other
typographical collections in the
Bender Room, are basic reference
materials for study* in the graphic
arts.
A 37-volume collection of Jane
Grabhorn publications—special edi
tions from her Colt and Jumbo
presses—has been given to the Al
bert M. Bender Rare Book Room by
Phillip C. Case of San Francisco.
The collection is complete except
for two books.
The Grabhorn books, with other
typographical collections in the
Bender Room, are basic reference
materials for study* in the graphic
arts.
A 37-volume collection of Jane
Grabhorn publications—special edi
tions from her Colt and Jumbo
presses—has been given to the Al
bert M. Bender Rare Book Room by
Phillip C. Case of San Francisco.
The collection is complete except
for two books.
The Grabhorn books, with other
typographical collections in the
Bender Room, are basic reference
materials for study* in the graphic
arts.
A 37-volume collection of Jane
Grabhorn publications—special edi
tions from her Colt and Jumbo
presses—has been given to the Al
bert M. Bender Rare Book Room by
Phillip C. Case of San Francisco.
The collection is complete except
for two books.
The Grabhorn books, with other
typographical collections in the
Bender Room, are basic reference
materials for study* in the graphic
arts.
A 37-volume collection of Jane
Grabhorn publications—special edi
tions from her Colt and Jumbo
presses—has been given to the Al
bert M. Bender Rare Book Room by
Phillip C. Case of San Francisco.
The collection is complete except
for two books.
The Grabhorn books, with other
typographical collections in the
Bender Room, are basic reference
materials for study* in the graphic
arts.
A 37-volume collection of Jane
Grabhorn publications—special edi
tions from her Colt and Jumbo
presses—has been given to the Al
bert M. Bender Rare Book Room by
Phillip C. Case of San Francisco.
The collection is complete except
for two books.
The Grabhorn books, with other
typographical collections in the
Bender Room, are basic reference
materials for study* in the graphic
arts.
A 37-volume collection of Jane
Grabhorn publications—special edi
tions from her Colt and Jumbo
presses—has been given to the Al
bert M. Bender Rare Book Room by
Phillip C. Case of San Francisco.
The collection is complete except
for two books.
The Grabhorn books, with other
typographical collections in the
Bender Room, are basic reference
materials for study* in the graphic
arts.
A 37-volume collection of Jane
Grabhorn publications—special edi
tions from her Colt and Jumbo
presses—has been given to the Al
bert M. Bender Rare Book Room by
Phillip C. Case of San Francisco.
The collection is complete except
for two books.
The Grabhorn books, with other
typographical collections in the
Bender Room, are basic reference
materials for study* in the graphic
arts.
A 37-volume collection of Jane
Grabhorn publications—special edi
tions from her Colt and Jumbo
presses—has been given to the Al
bert M. Bender Rare Book Room by
Phillip C. Case of San Francisco.
The collection is complete except
for two books.
The Grabhorn books, with other
typographical collections in the
Bender Room, are basic reference
materials for study* in the graphic
arts.
