# USC Wins Net Title
## 
### 
USC won the Southern Division
Pacific Coast Conference tennis
crown Saturday by dethroning do
fending champion UCLA, 7-2. In
the feature match on the Uclan
courts, USC's Jacque Grigby de
feated Dick Doss, 0-4, 4-6, 6-3.
USC won the Southern Division
Pacific Coast Conference tennis
crown Saturday by dethroning do
fending champion UCLA, 7-2. In
the feature match on the Uclan
courts, USC's Jacque Grigby de
feated Dick Doss, 0-4, 4-6, 6-3.
USC won the Southern Division
Pacific Coast Conference tennis
crown Saturday by dethroning do
fending champion UCLA, 7-2. In
the feature match on the Uclan
courts, USC's Jacque Grigby de
feated Dick Doss, 0-4, 4-6, 6-3.
USC won the Southern Division
Pacific Coast Conference tennis
crown Saturday by dethroning do
fending champion UCLA, 7-2. In
the feature match on the Uclan
courts, USC's Jacque Grigby de
feated Dick Doss, 0-4, 4-6, 6-3.
USC won the Southern Division
Pacific Coast Conference tennis
crown Saturday by dethroning do
fending champion UCLA, 7-2. In
the feature match on the Uclan
courts, USC's Jacque Grigby de
feated Dick Doss, 0-4, 4-6, 6-3.
USC won the Southern Division
Pacific Coast Conference tennis
crown Saturday by dethroning do
fending champion UCLA, 7-2. In
the feature match on the Uclan
courts, USC's Jacque Grigby de
feated Dick Doss, 0-4, 4-6, 6-3.
USC won the Southern Division
Pacific Coast Conference tennis
crown Saturday by dethroning do
fending champion UCLA, 7-2. In
the feature match on the Uclan
courts, USC's Jacque Grigby de
feated Dick Doss, 0-4, 4-6, 6-3.
USC won the Southern Division
Pacific Coast Conference tennis
crown Saturday by dethroning do
fending champion UCLA, 7-2. In
the feature match on the Uclan
courts, USC's Jacque Grigby de
feated Dick Doss, 0-4, 4-6, 6-3.
USC won the Southern Division
Pacific Coast Conference tennis
crown Saturday by dethroning do
fending champion UCLA, 7-2. In
the feature match on the Uclan
courts, USC's Jacque Grigby de
feated Dick Doss, 0-4, 4-6, 6-3.
USC won the Southern Division
Pacific Coast Conference tennis
crown Saturday by dethroning do
fending champion UCLA, 7-2. In
the feature match on the Uclan
courts, USC's Jacque Grigby de
feated Dick Doss, 0-4, 4-6, 6-3.
USC won the Southern Division
Pacific Coast Conference tennis
crown Saturday by dethroning do
fending champion UCLA, 7-2. In
the feature match on the Uclan
courts, USC's Jacque Grigby de
feated Dick Doss, 0-4, 4-6, 6-3.
USC won the Southern Division
Pacific Coast Conference tennis
crown Saturday by dethroning do
fending champion UCLA, 7-2. In
the feature match on the Uclan
courts, USC's Jacque Grigby de
feated Dick Doss, 0-4, 4-6, 6-3.
USC won the Southern Division
Pacific Coast Conference tennis
crown Saturday by dethroning do
fending champion UCLA, 7-2. In
the feature match on the Uclan
courts, USC's Jacque Grigby de
feated Dick Doss, 0-4, 4-6, 6-3.
USC won the Southern Division
Pacific Coast Conference tennis
crown Saturday by dethroning do
fending champion UCLA, 7-2. In
the feature match on the Uclan
courts, USC's Jacque Grigby de
feated Dick Doss, 0-4, 4-6, 6-3.
USC won the Southern Division
Pacific Coast Conference tennis
crown Saturday by dethroning do
fending champion UCLA, 7-2. In
the feature match on the Uclan
courts, USC's Jacque Grigby de
feated Dick Doss, 0-4, 4-6, 6-3.
