# 'International' Talent Show Is This Week
## 
### 
"Potpourri," the fourth annual
talent show put on by a cast of for
eign and American students, will
open Thursday night in the Little
Theater and continue through Sat
urday.
Tickets will go on sale today on
Engineering Corner and at the Cel
lar for $1. All proceeds from the
show will go to a permanent foreign
students' assistance program.
The show will open at 8:15 with a
rhythm on African drums and will
include Indian drum music, naitve
songs and dances from Egypt, Scot
land, Switzerland, and South Amer
ican countries.
Satires, parodies, and melodramas
will be featured in the program,
which will be dramatically climaxed
by a musical visit to the United Na
tions.
"Potpourri," the fourth annual
talent show put on by a cast of for
eign and American students, will
open Thursday night in the Little
Theater and continue through Sat
urday.
Tickets will go on sale today on
Engineering Corner and at the Cel
lar for $1. All proceeds from the
show will go to a permanent foreign
students' assistance program.
The show will open at 8:15 with a
rhythm on African drums and will
include Indian drum music, naitve
songs and dances from Egypt, Scot
land, Switzerland, and South Amer
ican countries.
Satires, parodies, and melodramas
will be featured in the program,
which will be dramatically climaxed
by a musical visit to the United Na
tions.
"Potpourri," the fourth annual
talent show put on by a cast of for
eign and American students, will
open Thursday night in the Little
Theater and continue through Sat
urday.
Tickets will go on sale today on
Engineering Corner and at the Cel
lar for $1. All proceeds from the
show will go to a permanent foreign
students' assistance program.
The show will open at 8:15 with a
rhythm on African drums and will
include Indian drum music, naitve
songs and dances from Egypt, Scot
land, Switzerland, and South Amer
ican countries.
Satires, parodies, and melodramas
will be featured in the program,
which will be dramatically climaxed
by a musical visit to the United Na
tions.
"Potpourri," the fourth annual
talent show put on by a cast of for
eign and American students, will
open Thursday night in the Little
Theater and continue through Sat
urday.
Tickets will go on sale today on
Engineering Corner and at the Cel
lar for $1. All proceeds from the
show will go to a permanent foreign
students' assistance program.
The show will open at 8:15 with a
rhythm on African drums and will
include Indian drum music, naitve
songs and dances from Egypt, Scot
land, Switzerland, and South Amer
ican countries.
Satires, parodies, and melodramas
will be featured in the program,
which will be dramatically climaxed
by a musical visit to the United Na
tions.
"Potpourri," the fourth annual
talent show put on by a cast of for
eign and American students, will
open Thursday night in the Little
Theater and continue through Sat
urday.
Tickets will go on sale today on
Engineering Corner and at the Cel
lar for $1. All proceeds from the
show will go to a permanent foreign
students' assistance program.
The show will open at 8:15 with a
rhythm on African drums and will
include Indian drum music, naitve
songs and dances from Egypt, Scot
land, Switzerland, and South Amer
ican countries.
Satires, parodies, and melodramas
will be featured in the program,
which will be dramatically climaxed
by a musical visit to the United Na
tions.
"Potpourri," the fourth annual
talent show put on by a cast of for
eign and American students, will
open Thursday night in the Little
Theater and continue through Sat
urday.
Tickets will go on sale today on
Engineering Corner and at the Cel
lar for $1. All proceeds from the
show will go to a permanent foreign
students' assistance program.
The show will open at 8:15 with a
rhythm on African drums and will
include Indian drum music, naitve
songs and dances from Egypt, Scot
land, Switzerland, and South Amer
ican countries.
Satires, parodies, and melodramas
will be featured in the program,
which will be dramatically climaxed
by a musical visit to the United Na
tions.
"Potpourri," the fourth annual
talent show put on by a cast of for
eign and American students, will
open Thursday night in the Little
Theater and continue through Sat
urday.
Tickets will go on sale today on
Engineering Corner and at the Cel
lar for $1. All proceeds from the
show will go to a permanent foreign
students' assistance program.
The show will open at 8:15 with a
rhythm on African drums and will
include Indian drum music, naitve
songs and dances from Egypt, Scot
land, Switzerland, and South Amer
ican countries.
Satires, parodies, and melodramas
will be featured in the program,
which will be dramatically climaxed
by a musical visit to the United Na
tions.
"Potpourri," the fourth annual
talent show put on by a cast of for
eign and American students, will
open Thursday night in the Little
Theater and continue through Sat
urday.
Tickets will go on sale today on
Engineering Corner and at the Cel
lar for $1. All proceeds from the
show will go to a permanent foreign
students' assistance program.
The show will open at 8:15 with a
rhythm on African drums and will
include Indian drum music, naitve
songs and dances from Egypt, Scot
land, Switzerland, and South Amer
ican countries.
Satires, parodies, and melodramas
will be featured in the program,
which will be dramatically climaxed
by a musical visit to the United Na
tions.
"Potpourri," the fourth annual
talent show put on by a cast of for
eign and American students, will
open Thursday night in the Little
Theater and continue through Sat
urday.
Tickets will go on sale today on
Engineering Corner and at the Cel
lar for $1. All proceeds from the
show will go to a permanent foreign
students' assistance program.
The show will open at 8:15 with a
rhythm on African drums and will
include Indian drum music, naitve
songs and dances from Egypt, Scot
land, Switzerland, and South Amer
ican countries.
Satires, parodies, and melodramas
will be featured in the program,
which will be dramatically climaxed
by a musical visit to the United Na
tions.
"Potpourri," the fourth annual
talent show put on by a cast of for
eign and American students, will
open Thursday night in the Little
Theater and continue through Sat
urday.
Tickets will go on sale today on
Engineering Corner and at the Cel
lar for $1. All proceeds from the
show will go to a permanent foreign
students' assistance program.
The show will open at 8:15 with a
rhythm on African drums and will
include Indian drum music, naitve
songs and dances from Egypt, Scot
land, Switzerland, and South Amer
ican countries.
Satires, parodies, and melodramas
will be featured in the program,
which will be dramatically climaxed
by a musical visit to the United Na
tions.
"Potpourri," the fourth annual
talent show put on by a cast of for
eign and American students, will
open Thursday night in the Little
Theater and continue through Sat
urday.
Tickets will go on sale today on
Engineering Corner and at the Cel
lar for $1. All proceeds from the
show will go to a permanent foreign
students' assistance program.
The show will open at 8:15 with a
rhythm on African drums and will
include Indian drum music, naitve
songs and dances from Egypt, Scot
land, Switzerland, and South Amer
ican countries.
Satires, parodies, and melodramas
will be featured in the program,
which will be dramatically climaxed
by a musical visit to the United Na
tions.
"Potpourri," the fourth annual
talent show put on by a cast of for
eign and American students, will
open Thursday night in the Little
Theater and continue through Sat
urday.
Tickets will go on sale today on
Engineering Corner and at the Cel
lar for $1. All proceeds from the
show will go to a permanent foreign
students' assistance program.
The show will open at 8:15 with a
rhythm on African drums and will
include Indian drum music, naitve
songs and dances from Egypt, Scot
land, Switzerland, and South Amer
ican countries.
Satires, parodies, and melodramas
will be featured in the program,
which will be dramatically climaxed
by a musical visit to the United Na
tions.
"Potpourri," the fourth annual
talent show put on by a cast of for
eign and American students, will
open Thursday night in the Little
Theater and continue through Sat
urday.
Tickets will go on sale today on
Engineering Corner and at the Cel
lar for $1. All proceeds from the
show will go to a permanent foreign
students' assistance program.
The show will open at 8:15 with a
rhythm on African drums and will
include Indian drum music, naitve
songs and dances from Egypt, Scot
land, Switzerland, and South Amer
ican countries.
Satires, parodies, and melodramas
will be featured in the program,
which will be dramatically climaxed
by a musical visit to the United Na
tions.
"Potpourri," the fourth annual
talent show put on by a cast of for
eign and American students, will
open Thursday night in the Little
Theater and continue through Sat
urday.
Tickets will go on sale today on
Engineering Corner and at the Cel
lar for $1. All proceeds from the
show will go to a permanent foreign
students' assistance program.
The show will open at 8:15 with a
rhythm on African drums and will
include Indian drum music, naitve
songs and dances from Egypt, Scot
land, Switzerland, and South Amer
ican countries.
Satires, parodies, and melodramas
will be featured in the program,
which will be dramatically climaxed
by a musical visit to the United Na
tions.
"Potpourri," the fourth annual
talent show put on by a cast of for
eign and American students, will
open Thursday night in the Little
Theater and continue through Sat
urday.
Tickets will go on sale today on
Engineering Corner and at the Cel
lar for $1. All proceeds from the
show will go to a permanent foreign
students' assistance program.
The show will open at 8:15 with a
rhythm on African drums and will
include Indian drum music, naitve
songs and dances from Egypt, Scot
land, Switzerland, and South Amer
ican countries.
Satires, parodies, and melodramas
will be featured in the program,
which will be dramatically climaxed
by a musical visit to the United Na
tions.
