# Prof to Speak
## 
### 
Dean Charles F. Park, Jr., of the ]
Stanford School of Mineral Sciences
will deliver the commencement ad
dress Friday at the New Mexico In
stitute of Mining and Technology.
Dean Charles F. Park, Jr., of the ]
Stanford School of Mineral Sciences
will deliver the commencement ad
dress Friday at the New Mexico In
stitute of Mining and Technology.
Dean Charles F. Park, Jr., of the ]
Stanford School of Mineral Sciences
will deliver the commencement ad
dress Friday at the New Mexico In
stitute of Mining and Technology.
Dean Charles F. Park, Jr., of the ]
Stanford School of Mineral Sciences
will deliver the commencement ad
dress Friday at the New Mexico In
stitute of Mining and Technology.
Dean Charles F. Park, Jr., of the ]
Stanford School of Mineral Sciences
will deliver the commencement ad
dress Friday at the New Mexico In
stitute of Mining and Technology.
Dean Charles F. Park, Jr., of the ]
Stanford School of Mineral Sciences
will deliver the commencement ad
dress Friday at the New Mexico In
stitute of Mining and Technology.
Dean Charles F. Park, Jr., of the ]
Stanford School of Mineral Sciences
will deliver the commencement ad
dress Friday at the New Mexico In
stitute of Mining and Technology.
Dean Charles F. Park, Jr., of the ]
Stanford School of Mineral Sciences
will deliver the commencement ad
dress Friday at the New Mexico In
stitute of Mining and Technology.
Dean Charles F. Park, Jr., of the ]
Stanford School of Mineral Sciences
will deliver the commencement ad
dress Friday at the New Mexico In
stitute of Mining and Technology.
Dean Charles F. Park, Jr., of the ]
Stanford School of Mineral Sciences
will deliver the commencement ad
dress Friday at the New Mexico In
stitute of Mining and Technology.
Dean Charles F. Park, Jr., of the ]
Stanford School of Mineral Sciences
will deliver the commencement ad
dress Friday at the New Mexico In
stitute of Mining and Technology.
Dean Charles F. Park, Jr., of the ]
Stanford School of Mineral Sciences
will deliver the commencement ad
dress Friday at the New Mexico In
stitute of Mining and Technology.
Dean Charles F. Park, Jr., of the ]
Stanford School of Mineral Sciences
will deliver the commencement ad
dress Friday at the New Mexico In
stitute of Mining and Technology.
Dean Charles F. Park, Jr., of the ]
Stanford School of Mineral Sciences
will deliver the commencement ad
dress Friday at the New Mexico In
stitute of Mining and Technology.
Dean Charles F. Park, Jr., of the ]
Stanford School of Mineral Sciences
will deliver the commencement ad
dress Friday at the New Mexico In
stitute of Mining and Technology.
