# Adv. 20 Page 6
## 
### 
HAVE YOU TRIED ONE?
There's nothing like one of those
J double-delicious "Big Mac's," a
luscious two-story burger. Double
thick Johnny Mac Shakes, too.
Found nowhere but Johnny Mac's
Drive-In, El Camino this side of
Five Points, Redwood City. Also
in Mountain View.
HAVE YOU TRIED ONE?
There's nothing like one of those
J double-delicious "Big Mac's," a
luscious two-story burger. Double
thick Johnny Mac Shakes, too.
Found nowhere but Johnny Mac's
Drive-In, El Camino this side of
Five Points, Redwood City. Also
in Mountain View.
HAVE YOU TRIED ONE?
There's nothing like one of those
J double-delicious "Big Mac's," a
luscious two-story burger. Double
thick Johnny Mac Shakes, too.
Found nowhere but Johnny Mac's
Drive-In, El Camino this side of
Five Points, Redwood City. Also
in Mountain View.
HAVE YOU TRIED ONE?
There's nothing like one of those
J double-delicious "Big Mac's," a
luscious two-story burger. Double
thick Johnny Mac Shakes, too.
Found nowhere but Johnny Mac's
Drive-In, El Camino this side of
Five Points, Redwood City. Also
in Mountain View.
HAVE YOU TRIED ONE?
There's nothing like one of those
J double-delicious "Big Mac's," a
luscious two-story burger. Double
thick Johnny Mac Shakes, too.
Found nowhere but Johnny Mac's
Drive-In, El Camino this side of
Five Points, Redwood City. Also
in Mountain View.
HAVE YOU TRIED ONE?
There's nothing like one of those
J double-delicious "Big Mac's," a
luscious two-story burger. Double
thick Johnny Mac Shakes, too.
Found nowhere but Johnny Mac's
Drive-In, El Camino this side of
Five Points, Redwood City. Also
in Mountain View.
HAVE YOU TRIED ONE?
There's nothing like one of those
J double-delicious "Big Mac's," a
luscious two-story burger. Double
thick Johnny Mac Shakes, too.
Found nowhere but Johnny Mac's
Drive-In, El Camino this side of
Five Points, Redwood City. Also
in Mountain View.
HAVE YOU TRIED ONE?
There's nothing like one of those
J double-delicious "Big Mac's," a
luscious two-story burger. Double
thick Johnny Mac Shakes, too.
Found nowhere but Johnny Mac's
Drive-In, El Camino this side of
Five Points, Redwood City. Also
in Mountain View.
HAVE YOU TRIED ONE?
There's nothing like one of those
J double-delicious "Big Mac's," a
luscious two-story burger. Double
thick Johnny Mac Shakes, too.
Found nowhere but Johnny Mac's
Drive-In, El Camino this side of
Five Points, Redwood City. Also
in Mountain View.
HAVE YOU TRIED ONE?
There's nothing like one of those
J double-delicious "Big Mac's," a
luscious two-story burger. Double
thick Johnny Mac Shakes, too.
Found nowhere but Johnny Mac's
Drive-In, El Camino this side of
Five Points, Redwood City. Also
in Mountain View.
HAVE YOU TRIED ONE?
There's nothing like one of those
J double-delicious "Big Mac's," a
luscious two-story burger. Double
thick Johnny Mac Shakes, too.
Found nowhere but Johnny Mac's
Drive-In, El Camino this side of
Five Points, Redwood City. Also
in Mountain View.
HAVE YOU TRIED ONE?
There's nothing like one of those
J double-delicious "Big Mac's," a
luscious two-story burger. Double
thick Johnny Mac Shakes, too.
Found nowhere but Johnny Mac's
Drive-In, El Camino this side of
Five Points, Redwood City. Also
in Mountain View.
HAVE YOU TRIED ONE?
There's nothing like one of those
J double-delicious "Big Mac's," a
luscious two-story burger. Double
thick Johnny Mac Shakes, too.
Found nowhere but Johnny Mac's
Drive-In, El Camino this side of
Five Points, Redwood City. Also
in Mountain View.
HAVE YOU TRIED ONE?
There's nothing like one of those
J double-delicious "Big Mac's," a
luscious two-story burger. Double
thick Johnny Mac Shakes, too.
Found nowhere but Johnny Mac's
Drive-In, El Camino this side of
Five Points, Redwood City. Also
in Mountain View.
HAVE YOU TRIED ONE?
There's nothing like one of those
J double-delicious "Big Mac's," a
luscious two-story burger. Double
thick Johnny Mac Shakes, too.
Found nowhere but Johnny Mac's
Drive-In, El Camino this side of
Five Points, Redwood City. Also
in Mountain View.
