# Braves Shoot At Blues In Weekend Tilts
## 
### 
The Stanford Braves, idle for two
weeks, take on the California Blues
twice this weekend in their season
finals. The Braves, victims of two
previous losses to their Berkeley
foes, have been steadily improving
since their long losing streak was
ended.
It was the same Blue club which
dumped the Bengtson aggregation
twice to inaugurate a five - game
losing streak. Once the Braves be
ean to find their shooting eye again
they proved almost invincible, but
the big test and a chance for a suc
cessful season lie in today's game
at 3 p.m. in the Pavilion and to
morrow's contest at 7 p.m. in Ber
keley.
The Braves have proven that they
can run, and with Jack O'Sullvan
leading the attack should be ca
pable of maintaining a break-neck
Dace. O'Sulliven, the most improved
Brave player of the campaign, has
been seeing a good deal of the last
rninute action in the varsity games.
Dick Shutte, who is capable of
burning the nets with his hook
shots, will man the center post. Bill
Warren and Paul Watson will team
with O'Sullivan and Bryan in the
fast break. Warren has been doing
yeoman work under the boards in
the last lew games.
The Brave reserves are all poten
tial scorers. Pete Layman is one of
the fast-break specialists who has
shone on several occasions. Gene
Martin, the gridder, has a danger
ous set shot.
The Stanford Braves, idle for two
weeks, take on the California Blues
twice this weekend in their season
finals. The Braves, victims of two
previous losses to their Berkeley
foes, have been steadily improving
since their long losing streak was
ended.
It was the same Blue club which
dumped the Bengtson aggregation
twice to inaugurate a five - game
losing streak. Once the Braves be
ean to find their shooting eye again
they proved almost invincible, but
the big test and a chance for a suc
cessful season lie in today's game
at 3 p.m. in the Pavilion and to
morrow's contest at 7 p.m. in Ber
keley.
The Braves have proven that they
can run, and with Jack O'Sullvan
leading the attack should be ca
pable of maintaining a break-neck
Dace. O'Sulliven, the most improved
Brave player of the campaign, has
been seeing a good deal of the last
rninute action in the varsity games.
Dick Shutte, who is capable of
burning the nets with his hook
shots, will man the center post. Bill
Warren and Paul Watson will team
with O'Sullivan and Bryan in the
fast break. Warren has been doing
yeoman work under the boards in
the last lew games.
The Brave reserves are all poten
tial scorers. Pete Layman is one of
the fast-break specialists who has
shone on several occasions. Gene
Martin, the gridder, has a danger
ous set shot.
The Stanford Braves, idle for two
weeks, take on the California Blues
twice this weekend in their season
finals. The Braves, victims of two
previous losses to their Berkeley
foes, have been steadily improving
since their long losing streak was
ended.
It was the same Blue club which
dumped the Bengtson aggregation
twice to inaugurate a five - game
losing streak. Once the Braves be
ean to find their shooting eye again
they proved almost invincible, but
the big test and a chance for a suc
cessful season lie in today's game
at 3 p.m. in the Pavilion and to
morrow's contest at 7 p.m. in Ber
keley.
The Braves have proven that they
can run, and with Jack O'Sullvan
leading the attack should be ca
pable of maintaining a break-neck
Dace. O'Sulliven, the most improved
Brave player of the campaign, has
been seeing a good deal of the last
rninute action in the varsity games.
Dick Shutte, who is capable of
burning the nets with his hook
shots, will man the center post. Bill
Warren and Paul Watson will team
with O'Sullivan and Bryan in the
fast break. Warren has been doing
yeoman work under the boards in
the last lew games.
The Brave reserves are all poten
tial scorers. Pete Layman is one of
the fast-break specialists who has
shone on several occasions. Gene
Martin, the gridder, has a danger
ous set shot.
The Stanford Braves, idle for two
weeks, take on the California Blues
twice this weekend in their season
finals. The Braves, victims of two
previous losses to their Berkeley
foes, have been steadily improving
since their long losing streak was
ended.
It was the same Blue club which
dumped the Bengtson aggregation
twice to inaugurate a five - game
losing streak. Once the Braves be
ean to find their shooting eye again
they proved almost invincible, but
the big test and a chance for a suc
cessful season lie in today's game
at 3 p.m. in the Pavilion and to
morrow's contest at 7 p.m. in Ber
keley.
The Braves have proven that they
can run, and with Jack O'Sullvan
leading the attack should be ca
pable of maintaining a break-neck
Dace. O'Sulliven, the most improved
Brave player of the campaign, has
been seeing a good deal of the last
rninute action in the varsity games.
Dick Shutte, who is capable of
burning the nets with his hook
shots, will man the center post. Bill
Warren and Paul Watson will team
with O'Sullivan and Bryan in the
fast break. Warren has been doing
yeoman work under the boards in
the last lew games.
The Brave reserves are all poten
tial scorers. Pete Layman is one of
the fast-break specialists who has
shone on several occasions. Gene
Martin, the gridder, has a danger
ous set shot.
The Stanford Braves, idle for two
weeks, take on the California Blues
twice this weekend in their season
finals. The Braves, victims of two
previous losses to their Berkeley
foes, have been steadily improving
since their long losing streak was
ended.
It was the same Blue club which
dumped the Bengtson aggregation
twice to inaugurate a five - game
losing streak. Once the Braves be
ean to find their shooting eye again
they proved almost invincible, but
the big test and a chance for a suc
cessful season lie in today's game
at 3 p.m. in the Pavilion and to
morrow's contest at 7 p.m. in Ber
keley.
The Braves have proven that they
can run, and with Jack O'Sullvan
leading the attack should be ca
pable of maintaining a break-neck
Dace. O'Sulliven, the most improved
Brave player of the campaign, has
been seeing a good deal of the last
rninute action in the varsity games.
Dick Shutte, who is capable of
burning the nets with his hook
shots, will man the center post. Bill
Warren and Paul Watson will team
with O'Sullivan and Bryan in the
fast break. Warren has been doing
yeoman work under the boards in
the last lew games.
The Brave reserves are all poten
tial scorers. Pete Layman is one of
the fast-break specialists who has
shone on several occasions. Gene
Martin, the gridder, has a danger
ous set shot.
The Stanford Braves, idle for two
weeks, take on the California Blues
twice this weekend in their season
finals. The Braves, victims of two
previous losses to their Berkeley
foes, have been steadily improving
since their long losing streak was
ended.
It was the same Blue club which
dumped the Bengtson aggregation
twice to inaugurate a five - game
losing streak. Once the Braves be
ean to find their shooting eye again
they proved almost invincible, but
the big test and a chance for a suc
cessful season lie in today's game
at 3 p.m. in the Pavilion and to
morrow's contest at 7 p.m. in Ber
keley.
The Braves have proven that they
can run, and with Jack O'Sullvan
leading the attack should be ca
pable of maintaining a break-neck
Dace. O'Sulliven, the most improved
Brave player of the campaign, has
been seeing a good deal of the last
rninute action in the varsity games.
Dick Shutte, who is capable of
burning the nets with his hook
shots, will man the center post. Bill
Warren and Paul Watson will team
with O'Sullivan and Bryan in the
fast break. Warren has been doing
yeoman work under the boards in
the last lew games.
The Brave reserves are all poten
tial scorers. Pete Layman is one of
the fast-break specialists who has
shone on several occasions. Gene
Martin, the gridder, has a danger
ous set shot.
The Stanford Braves, idle for two
weeks, take on the California Blues
twice this weekend in their season
finals. The Braves, victims of two
previous losses to their Berkeley
foes, have been steadily improving
since their long losing streak was
ended.
It was the same Blue club which
dumped the Bengtson aggregation
twice to inaugurate a five - game
losing streak. Once the Braves be
ean to find their shooting eye again
they proved almost invincible, but
the big test and a chance for a suc
cessful season lie in today's game
at 3 p.m. in the Pavilion and to
morrow's contest at 7 p.m. in Ber
keley.
The Braves have proven that they
can run, and with Jack O'Sullvan
leading the attack should be ca
pable of maintaining a break-neck
Dace. O'Sulliven, the most improved
Brave player of the campaign, has
been seeing a good deal of the last
rninute action in the varsity games.
Dick Shutte, who is capable of
burning the nets with his hook
shots, will man the center post. Bill
Warren and Paul Watson will team
with O'Sullivan and Bryan in the
fast break. Warren has been doing
yeoman work under the boards in
the last lew games.
The Brave reserves are all poten
tial scorers. Pete Layman is one of
the fast-break specialists who has
shone on several occasions. Gene
Martin, the gridder, has a danger
ous set shot.
The Stanford Braves, idle for two
weeks, take on the California Blues
twice this weekend in their season
finals. The Braves, victims of two
previous losses to their Berkeley
foes, have been steadily improving
since their long losing streak was
ended.
It was the same Blue club which
dumped the Bengtson aggregation
twice to inaugurate a five - game
losing streak. Once the Braves be
ean to find their shooting eye again
they proved almost invincible, but
the big test and a chance for a suc
cessful season lie in today's game
at 3 p.m. in the Pavilion and to
morrow's contest at 7 p.m. in Ber
keley.
The Braves have proven that they
can run, and with Jack O'Sullvan
leading the attack should be ca
pable of maintaining a break-neck
Dace. O'Sulliven, the most improved
Brave player of the campaign, has
been seeing a good deal of the last
rninute action in the varsity games.
Dick Shutte, who is capable of
burning the nets with his hook
shots, will man the center post. Bill
Warren and Paul Watson will team
with O'Sullivan and Bryan in the
fast break. Warren has been doing
yeoman work under the boards in
the last lew games.
The Brave reserves are all poten
tial scorers. Pete Layman is one of
the fast-break specialists who has
shone on several occasions. Gene
Martin, the gridder, has a danger
ous set shot.
The Stanford Braves, idle for two
weeks, take on the California Blues
twice this weekend in their season
finals. The Braves, victims of two
previous losses to their Berkeley
foes, have been steadily improving
since their long losing streak was
ended.
It was the same Blue club which
dumped the Bengtson aggregation
twice to inaugurate a five - game
losing streak. Once the Braves be
ean to find their shooting eye again
they proved almost invincible, but
the big test and a chance for a suc
cessful season lie in today's game
at 3 p.m. in the Pavilion and to
morrow's contest at 7 p.m. in Ber
keley.
The Braves have proven that they
can run, and with Jack O'Sullvan
leading the attack should be ca
pable of maintaining a break-neck
Dace. O'Sulliven, the most improved
Brave player of the campaign, has
been seeing a good deal of the last
rninute action in the varsity games.
Dick Shutte, who is capable of
burning the nets with his hook
shots, will man the center post. Bill
Warren and Paul Watson will team
with O'Sullivan and Bryan in the
fast break. Warren has been doing
yeoman work under the boards in
the last lew games.
The Brave reserves are all poten
tial scorers. Pete Layman is one of
the fast-break specialists who has
shone on several occasions. Gene
Martin, the gridder, has a danger
ous set shot.
The Stanford Braves, idle for two
weeks, take on the California Blues
twice this weekend in their season
finals. The Braves, victims of two
previous losses to their Berkeley
foes, have been steadily improving
since their long losing streak was
ended.
It was the same Blue club which
dumped the Bengtson aggregation
twice to inaugurate a five - game
losing streak. Once the Braves be
ean to find their shooting eye again
they proved almost invincible, but
the big test and a chance for a suc
cessful season lie in today's game
at 3 p.m. in the Pavilion and to
morrow's contest at 7 p.m. in Ber
keley.
The Braves have proven that they
can run, and with Jack O'Sullvan
leading the attack should be ca
pable of maintaining a break-neck
Dace. O'Sulliven, the most improved
Brave player of the campaign, has
been seeing a good deal of the last
rninute action in the varsity games.
Dick Shutte, who is capable of
burning the nets with his hook
shots, will man the center post. Bill
Warren and Paul Watson will team
with O'Sullivan and Bryan in the
fast break. Warren has been doing
yeoman work under the boards in
the last lew games.
The Brave reserves are all poten
tial scorers. Pete Layman is one of
the fast-break specialists who has
shone on several occasions. Gene
Martin, the gridder, has a danger
ous set shot.
The Stanford Braves, idle for two
weeks, take on the California Blues
twice this weekend in their season
finals. The Braves, victims of two
previous losses to their Berkeley
foes, have been steadily improving
since their long losing streak was
ended.
It was the same Blue club which
dumped the Bengtson aggregation
twice to inaugurate a five - game
losing streak. Once the Braves be
ean to find their shooting eye again
they proved almost invincible, but
the big test and a chance for a suc
cessful season lie in today's game
at 3 p.m. in the Pavilion and to
morrow's contest at 7 p.m. in Ber
keley.
The Braves have proven that they
can run, and with Jack O'Sullvan
leading the attack should be ca
pable of maintaining a break-neck
Dace. O'Sulliven, the most improved
Brave player of the campaign, has
been seeing a good deal of the last
rninute action in the varsity games.
Dick Shutte, who is capable of
burning the nets with his hook
shots, will man the center post. Bill
Warren and Paul Watson will team
with O'Sullivan and Bryan in the
fast break. Warren has been doing
yeoman work under the boards in
the last lew games.
The Brave reserves are all poten
tial scorers. Pete Layman is one of
the fast-break specialists who has
shone on several occasions. Gene
Martin, the gridder, has a danger
ous set shot.
The Stanford Braves, idle for two
weeks, take on the California Blues
twice this weekend in their season
finals. The Braves, victims of two
previous losses to their Berkeley
foes, have been steadily improving
since their long losing streak was
ended.
It was the same Blue club which
dumped the Bengtson aggregation
twice to inaugurate a five - game
losing streak. Once the Braves be
ean to find their shooting eye again
they proved almost invincible, but
the big test and a chance for a suc
cessful season lie in today's game
at 3 p.m. in the Pavilion and to
morrow's contest at 7 p.m. in Ber
keley.
The Braves have proven that they
can run, and with Jack O'Sullvan
leading the attack should be ca
pable of maintaining a break-neck
Dace. O'Sulliven, the most improved
Brave player of the campaign, has
been seeing a good deal of the last
rninute action in the varsity games.
Dick Shutte, who is capable of
burning the nets with his hook
shots, will man the center post. Bill
Warren and Paul Watson will team
with O'Sullivan and Bryan in the
fast break. Warren has been doing
yeoman work under the boards in
the last lew games.
The Brave reserves are all poten
tial scorers. Pete Layman is one of
the fast-break specialists who has
shone on several occasions. Gene
Martin, the gridder, has a danger
ous set shot.
The Stanford Braves, idle for two
weeks, take on the California Blues
twice this weekend in their season
finals. The Braves, victims of two
previous losses to their Berkeley
foes, have been steadily improving
since their long losing streak was
ended.
It was the same Blue club which
dumped the Bengtson aggregation
twice to inaugurate a five - game
losing streak. Once the Braves be
ean to find their shooting eye again
they proved almost invincible, but
the big test and a chance for a suc
cessful season lie in today's game
at 3 p.m. in the Pavilion and to
morrow's contest at 7 p.m. in Ber
keley.
The Braves have proven that they
can run, and with Jack O'Sullvan
leading the attack should be ca
pable of maintaining a break-neck
Dace. O'Sulliven, the most improved
Brave player of the campaign, has
been seeing a good deal of the last
rninute action in the varsity games.
Dick Shutte, who is capable of
burning the nets with his hook
shots, will man the center post. Bill
Warren and Paul Watson will team
with O'Sullivan and Bryan in the
fast break. Warren has been doing
yeoman work under the boards in
the last lew games.
The Brave reserves are all poten
tial scorers. Pete Layman is one of
the fast-break specialists who has
shone on several occasions. Gene
Martin, the gridder, has a danger
ous set shot.
The Stanford Braves, idle for two
weeks, take on the California Blues
twice this weekend in their season
finals. The Braves, victims of two
previous losses to their Berkeley
foes, have been steadily improving
since their long losing streak was
ended.
It was the same Blue club which
dumped the Bengtson aggregation
twice to inaugurate a five - game
losing streak. Once the Braves be
ean to find their shooting eye again
they proved almost invincible, but
the big test and a chance for a suc
cessful season lie in today's game
at 3 p.m. in the Pavilion and to
morrow's contest at 7 p.m. in Ber
keley.
The Braves have proven that they
can run, and with Jack O'Sullvan
leading the attack should be ca
pable of maintaining a break-neck
Dace. O'Sulliven, the most improved
Brave player of the campaign, has
been seeing a good deal of the last
rninute action in the varsity games.
Dick Shutte, who is capable of
burning the nets with his hook
shots, will man the center post. Bill
Warren and Paul Watson will team
with O'Sullivan and Bryan in the
fast break. Warren has been doing
yeoman work under the boards in
the last lew games.
The Brave reserves are all poten
tial scorers. Pete Layman is one of
the fast-break specialists who has
shone on several occasions. Gene
Martin, the gridder, has a danger
ous set shot.
The Stanford Braves, idle for two
weeks, take on the California Blues
twice this weekend in their season
finals. The Braves, victims of two
previous losses to their Berkeley
foes, have been steadily improving
since their long losing streak was
ended.
It was the same Blue club which
dumped the Bengtson aggregation
twice to inaugurate a five - game
losing streak. Once the Braves be
ean to find their shooting eye again
they proved almost invincible, but
the big test and a chance for a suc
cessful season lie in today's game
at 3 p.m. in the Pavilion and to
morrow's contest at 7 p.m. in Ber
keley.
The Braves have proven that they
can run, and with Jack O'Sullvan
leading the attack should be ca
pable of maintaining a break-neck
Dace. O'Sulliven, the most improved
Brave player of the campaign, has
been seeing a good deal of the last
rninute action in the varsity games.
Dick Shutte, who is capable of
burning the nets with his hook
shots, will man the center post. Bill
Warren and Paul Watson will team
with O'Sullivan and Bryan in the
fast break. Warren has been doing
yeoman work under the boards in
the last lew games.
The Brave reserves are all poten
tial scorers. Pete Layman is one of
the fast-break specialists who has
shone on several occasions. Gene
Martin, the gridder, has a danger
ous set shot.
