# Untitled Article
## 
### 

DAVE DAVIDSON. All-Southern
Division guard (a la Daily Sports
StalT), will be playing his last—
and, he hopes, his best — two
games for Stanford in the cellar
slamming Cal scries this week
end.

DAVE DAVIDSON. All-Southern
Division guard (a la Daily Sports
StalT), will be playing his last—
and, he hopes, his best — two
games for Stanford in the cellar
slamming Cal scries this week
end.

DAVE DAVIDSON. All-Southern
Division guard (a la Daily Sports
StalT), will be playing his last—
and, he hopes, his best — two
games for Stanford in the cellar
slamming Cal scries this week
end.

DAVE DAVIDSON. All-Southern
Division guard (a la Daily Sports
StalT), will be playing his last—
and, he hopes, his best — two
games for Stanford in the cellar
slamming Cal scries this week
end.

DAVE DAVIDSON. All-Southern
Division guard (a la Daily Sports
StalT), will be playing his last—
and, he hopes, his best — two
games for Stanford in the cellar
slamming Cal scries this week
end.

DAVE DAVIDSON. All-Southern
Division guard (a la Daily Sports
StalT), will be playing his last—
and, he hopes, his best — two
games for Stanford in the cellar
slamming Cal scries this week
end.

DAVE DAVIDSON. All-Southern
Division guard (a la Daily Sports
StalT), will be playing his last—
and, he hopes, his best — two
games for Stanford in the cellar
slamming Cal scries this week
end.

DAVE DAVIDSON. All-Southern
Division guard (a la Daily Sports
StalT), will be playing his last—
and, he hopes, his best — two
games for Stanford in the cellar
slamming Cal scries this week
end.

DAVE DAVIDSON. All-Southern
Division guard (a la Daily Sports
StalT), will be playing his last—
and, he hopes, his best — two
games for Stanford in the cellar
slamming Cal scries this week
end.

DAVE DAVIDSON. All-Southern
Division guard (a la Daily Sports
StalT), will be playing his last—
and, he hopes, his best — two
games for Stanford in the cellar
slamming Cal scries this week
end.

DAVE DAVIDSON. All-Southern
Division guard (a la Daily Sports
StalT), will be playing his last—
and, he hopes, his best — two
games for Stanford in the cellar
slamming Cal scries this week
end.

DAVE DAVIDSON. All-Southern
Division guard (a la Daily Sports
StalT), will be playing his last—
and, he hopes, his best — two
games for Stanford in the cellar
slamming Cal scries this week
end.

DAVE DAVIDSON. All-Southern
Division guard (a la Daily Sports
StalT), will be playing his last—
and, he hopes, his best — two
games for Stanford in the cellar
slamming Cal scries this week
end.

DAVE DAVIDSON. All-Southern
Division guard (a la Daily Sports
StalT), will be playing his last—
and, he hopes, his best — two
games for Stanford in the cellar
slamming Cal scries this week
end.

DAVE DAVIDSON. All-Southern
Division guard (a la Daily Sports
StalT), will be playing his last—
and, he hopes, his best — two
games for Stanford in the cellar
slamming Cal scries this week
end.
