# Crozier Vs. Kellberg
## 
### 

ERXJE KELLBERG (lett) and B«l> Crazier are seen here on the putting
gieen at the Stanford Goli Course. They will match strokes in the ;iti
hcle final round *»112 the All-University Golf Tournament tomorrow.
Starting times will be at !> a.m. and 1 p.m. —photo by Dave Rosenthal

ERXJE KELLBERG (lett) and B«l> Crazier are seen here on the putting
gieen at the Stanford Goli Course. They will match strokes in the ;iti
hcle final round *»112 the All-University Golf Tournament tomorrow.
Starting times will be at !> a.m. and 1 p.m. —photo by Dave Rosenthal

ERXJE KELLBERG (lett) and B«l> Crazier are seen here on the putting
gieen at the Stanford Goli Course. They will match strokes in the ;iti
hcle final round *»112 the All-University Golf Tournament tomorrow.
Starting times will be at !> a.m. and 1 p.m. —photo by Dave Rosenthal

ERXJE KELLBERG (lett) and B«l> Crazier are seen here on the putting
gieen at the Stanford Goli Course. They will match strokes in the ;iti
hcle final round *»112 the All-University Golf Tournament tomorrow.
Starting times will be at !> a.m. and 1 p.m. —photo by Dave Rosenthal

ERXJE KELLBERG (lett) and B«l> Crazier are seen here on the putting
gieen at the Stanford Goli Course. They will match strokes in the ;iti
hcle final round *»112 the All-University Golf Tournament tomorrow.
Starting times will be at !> a.m. and 1 p.m. —photo by Dave Rosenthal

ERXJE KELLBERG (lett) and B«l> Crazier are seen here on the putting
gieen at the Stanford Goli Course. They will match strokes in the ;iti
hcle final round *»112 the All-University Golf Tournament tomorrow.
Starting times will be at !> a.m. and 1 p.m. —photo by Dave Rosenthal

ERXJE KELLBERG (lett) and B«l> Crazier are seen here on the putting
gieen at the Stanford Goli Course. They will match strokes in the ;iti
hcle final round *»112 the All-University Golf Tournament tomorrow.
Starting times will be at !> a.m. and 1 p.m. —photo by Dave Rosenthal

ERXJE KELLBERG (lett) and B«l> Crazier are seen here on the putting
gieen at the Stanford Goli Course. They will match strokes in the ;iti
hcle final round *»112 the All-University Golf Tournament tomorrow.
Starting times will be at !> a.m. and 1 p.m. —photo by Dave Rosenthal

ERXJE KELLBERG (lett) and B«l> Crazier are seen here on the putting
gieen at the Stanford Goli Course. They will match strokes in the ;iti
hcle final round *»112 the All-University Golf Tournament tomorrow.
Starting times will be at !> a.m. and 1 p.m. —photo by Dave Rosenthal

ERXJE KELLBERG (lett) and B«l> Crazier are seen here on the putting
gieen at the Stanford Goli Course. They will match strokes in the ;iti
hcle final round *»112 the All-University Golf Tournament tomorrow.
Starting times will be at !> a.m. and 1 p.m. —photo by Dave Rosenthal

ERXJE KELLBERG (lett) and B«l> Crazier are seen here on the putting
gieen at the Stanford Goli Course. They will match strokes in the ;iti
hcle final round *»112 the All-University Golf Tournament tomorrow.
Starting times will be at !> a.m. and 1 p.m. —photo by Dave Rosenthal

ERXJE KELLBERG (lett) and B«l> Crazier are seen here on the putting
gieen at the Stanford Goli Course. They will match strokes in the ;iti
hcle final round *»112 the All-University Golf Tournament tomorrow.
Starting times will be at !> a.m. and 1 p.m. —photo by Dave Rosenthal

ERXJE KELLBERG (lett) and B«l> Crazier are seen here on the putting
gieen at the Stanford Goli Course. They will match strokes in the ;iti
hcle final round *»112 the All-University Golf Tournament tomorrow.
Starting times will be at !> a.m. and 1 p.m. —photo by Dave Rosenthal

ERXJE KELLBERG (lett) and B«l> Crazier are seen here on the putting
gieen at the Stanford Goli Course. They will match strokes in the ;iti
hcle final round *»112 the All-University Golf Tournament tomorrow.
Starting times will be at !> a.m. and 1 p.m. —photo by Dave Rosenthal

ERXJE KELLBERG (lett) and B«l> Crazier are seen here on the putting
gieen at the Stanford Goli Course. They will match strokes in the ;iti
hcle final round *»112 the All-University Golf Tournament tomorrow.
Starting times will be at !> a.m. and 1 p.m. —photo by Dave Rosenthal
