# Photo Deadline Set
## 
### 
Today is the last day this quarter
to pick up pictures or buy a Quad
at the Quad office.
Today is the last day this quarter
to pick up pictures or buy a Quad
at the Quad office.
Today is the last day this quarter
to pick up pictures or buy a Quad
at the Quad office.
Today is the last day this quarter
to pick up pictures or buy a Quad
at the Quad office.
Today is the last day this quarter
to pick up pictures or buy a Quad
at the Quad office.
Today is the last day this quarter
to pick up pictures or buy a Quad
at the Quad office.
Today is the last day this quarter
to pick up pictures or buy a Quad
at the Quad office.
Today is the last day this quarter
to pick up pictures or buy a Quad
at the Quad office.
Today is the last day this quarter
to pick up pictures or buy a Quad
at the Quad office.
Today is the last day this quarter
to pick up pictures or buy a Quad
at the Quad office.
Today is the last day this quarter
to pick up pictures or buy a Quad
at the Quad office.
Today is the last day this quarter
to pick up pictures or buy a Quad
at the Quad office.
Today is the last day this quarter
to pick up pictures or buy a Quad
at the Quad office.
Today is the last day this quarter
to pick up pictures or buy a Quad
at the Quad office.
Today is the last day this quarter
to pick up pictures or buy a Quad
at the Quad office.
