# Orchesis Plans Symposium; Over 140 Coeds To Attend
## 
### 
Orchesis, modern dance society, i
will host an all-day dance sympos- 1
ium tomorrow in the Women's Gym.
Over 140 coeds from nine Northern
California and Nevada colleges and
universities are expected to attend.
Guest star of the symposium is
Elizabeth Waters, former soloist in
Hanya Holm's company. She will
conduct a master lesson in modern
dance from 10:30 to 12 tomorrow
morning, followed in the afternoon j
from 1 to 3 by a lecture demonstra- I

j tion on the interpretation of native
Indian dance themes in the mod
ern medium.
Mis. Miriam Lidster, director of
dance in women's physical educa
tion, is in charge of arrangements.
Participating schools include, in
addition to Stanford, the Univer
sity of California, San Jose State,
San Francisco State, University of
Nevada, Mills College, Chico State,
i College of the Pacific, and Fresno
I State.
Orchesis, modern dance society, i
will host an all-day dance sympos- 1
ium tomorrow in the Women's Gym.
Over 140 coeds from nine Northern
California and Nevada colleges and
universities are expected to attend.
Guest star of the symposium is
Elizabeth Waters, former soloist in
Hanya Holm's company. She will
conduct a master lesson in modern
dance from 10:30 to 12 tomorrow
morning, followed in the afternoon j
from 1 to 3 by a lecture demonstra- I

j tion on the interpretation of native
Indian dance themes in the mod
ern medium.
Mis. Miriam Lidster, director of
dance in women's physical educa
tion, is in charge of arrangements.
Participating schools include, in
addition to Stanford, the Univer
sity of California, San Jose State,
San Francisco State, University of
Nevada, Mills College, Chico State,
i College of the Pacific, and Fresno
I State.
Orchesis, modern dance society, i
will host an all-day dance sympos- 1
ium tomorrow in the Women's Gym.
Over 140 coeds from nine Northern
California and Nevada colleges and
universities are expected to attend.
Guest star of the symposium is
Elizabeth Waters, former soloist in
Hanya Holm's company. She will
conduct a master lesson in modern
dance from 10:30 to 12 tomorrow
morning, followed in the afternoon j
from 1 to 3 by a lecture demonstra- I

j tion on the interpretation of native
Indian dance themes in the mod
ern medium.
Mis. Miriam Lidster, director of
dance in women's physical educa
tion, is in charge of arrangements.
Participating schools include, in
addition to Stanford, the Univer
sity of California, San Jose State,
San Francisco State, University of
Nevada, Mills College, Chico State,
i College of the Pacific, and Fresno
I State.
Orchesis, modern dance society, i
will host an all-day dance sympos- 1
ium tomorrow in the Women's Gym.
Over 140 coeds from nine Northern
California and Nevada colleges and
universities are expected to attend.
Guest star of the symposium is
Elizabeth Waters, former soloist in
Hanya Holm's company. She will
conduct a master lesson in modern
dance from 10:30 to 12 tomorrow
morning, followed in the afternoon j
from 1 to 3 by a lecture demonstra- I

j tion on the interpretation of native
Indian dance themes in the mod
ern medium.
Mis. Miriam Lidster, director of
dance in women's physical educa
tion, is in charge of arrangements.
Participating schools include, in
addition to Stanford, the Univer
sity of California, San Jose State,
San Francisco State, University of
Nevada, Mills College, Chico State,
i College of the Pacific, and Fresno
I State.
Orchesis, modern dance society, i
will host an all-day dance sympos- 1
ium tomorrow in the Women's Gym.
Over 140 coeds from nine Northern
California and Nevada colleges and
universities are expected to attend.
Guest star of the symposium is
Elizabeth Waters, former soloist in
Hanya Holm's company. She will
conduct a master lesson in modern
dance from 10:30 to 12 tomorrow
morning, followed in the afternoon j
from 1 to 3 by a lecture demonstra- I

j tion on the interpretation of native
Indian dance themes in the mod
ern medium.
Mis. Miriam Lidster, director of
dance in women's physical educa
tion, is in charge of arrangements.
Participating schools include, in
addition to Stanford, the Univer
sity of California, San Jose State,
San Francisco State, University of
Nevada, Mills College, Chico State,
i College of the Pacific, and Fresno
I State.
Orchesis, modern dance society, i
will host an all-day dance sympos- 1
ium tomorrow in the Women's Gym.
Over 140 coeds from nine Northern
California and Nevada colleges and
universities are expected to attend.
Guest star of the symposium is
Elizabeth Waters, former soloist in
Hanya Holm's company. She will
conduct a master lesson in modern
dance from 10:30 to 12 tomorrow
morning, followed in the afternoon j
from 1 to 3 by a lecture demonstra- I

j tion on the interpretation of native
Indian dance themes in the mod
ern medium.
Mis. Miriam Lidster, director of
dance in women's physical educa
tion, is in charge of arrangements.
Participating schools include, in
addition to Stanford, the Univer
sity of California, San Jose State,
San Francisco State, University of
Nevada, Mills College, Chico State,
i College of the Pacific, and Fresno
I State.
Orchesis, modern dance society, i
will host an all-day dance sympos- 1
ium tomorrow in the Women's Gym.
Over 140 coeds from nine Northern
California and Nevada colleges and
universities are expected to attend.
Guest star of the symposium is
Elizabeth Waters, former soloist in
Hanya Holm's company. She will
conduct a master lesson in modern
dance from 10:30 to 12 tomorrow
morning, followed in the afternoon j
from 1 to 3 by a lecture demonstra- I

j tion on the interpretation of native
Indian dance themes in the mod
ern medium.
Mis. Miriam Lidster, director of
dance in women's physical educa
tion, is in charge of arrangements.
Participating schools include, in
addition to Stanford, the Univer
sity of California, San Jose State,
San Francisco State, University of
Nevada, Mills College, Chico State,
i College of the Pacific, and Fresno
I State.
Orchesis, modern dance society, i
will host an all-day dance sympos- 1
ium tomorrow in the Women's Gym.
Over 140 coeds from nine Northern
California and Nevada colleges and
universities are expected to attend.
Guest star of the symposium is
Elizabeth Waters, former soloist in
Hanya Holm's company. She will
conduct a master lesson in modern
dance from 10:30 to 12 tomorrow
morning, followed in the afternoon j
from 1 to 3 by a lecture demonstra- I

j tion on the interpretation of native
Indian dance themes in the mod
ern medium.
Mis. Miriam Lidster, director of
dance in women's physical educa
tion, is in charge of arrangements.
Participating schools include, in
addition to Stanford, the Univer
sity of California, San Jose State,
San Francisco State, University of
Nevada, Mills College, Chico State,
i College of the Pacific, and Fresno
I State.
Orchesis, modern dance society, i
will host an all-day dance sympos- 1
ium tomorrow in the Women's Gym.
Over 140 coeds from nine Northern
California and Nevada colleges and
universities are expected to attend.
Guest star of the symposium is
Elizabeth Waters, former soloist in
Hanya Holm's company. She will
conduct a master lesson in modern
dance from 10:30 to 12 tomorrow
morning, followed in the afternoon j
from 1 to 3 by a lecture demonstra- I

j tion on the interpretation of native
Indian dance themes in the mod
ern medium.
Mis. Miriam Lidster, director of
dance in women's physical educa
tion, is in charge of arrangements.
Participating schools include, in
addition to Stanford, the Univer
sity of California, San Jose State,
San Francisco State, University of
Nevada, Mills College, Chico State,
i College of the Pacific, and Fresno
I State.
Orchesis, modern dance society, i
will host an all-day dance sympos- 1
ium tomorrow in the Women's Gym.
Over 140 coeds from nine Northern
California and Nevada colleges and
universities are expected to attend.
Guest star of the symposium is
Elizabeth Waters, former soloist in
Hanya Holm's company. She will
conduct a master lesson in modern
dance from 10:30 to 12 tomorrow
morning, followed in the afternoon j
from 1 to 3 by a lecture demonstra- I

j tion on the interpretation of native
Indian dance themes in the mod
ern medium.
Mis. Miriam Lidster, director of
dance in women's physical educa
tion, is in charge of arrangements.
Participating schools include, in
addition to Stanford, the Univer
sity of California, San Jose State,
San Francisco State, University of
Nevada, Mills College, Chico State,
i College of the Pacific, and Fresno
I State.
Orchesis, modern dance society, i
will host an all-day dance sympos- 1
ium tomorrow in the Women's Gym.
Over 140 coeds from nine Northern
California and Nevada colleges and
universities are expected to attend.
Guest star of the symposium is
Elizabeth Waters, former soloist in
Hanya Holm's company. She will
conduct a master lesson in modern
dance from 10:30 to 12 tomorrow
morning, followed in the afternoon j
from 1 to 3 by a lecture demonstra- I

j tion on the interpretation of native
Indian dance themes in the mod
ern medium.
Mis. Miriam Lidster, director of
dance in women's physical educa
tion, is in charge of arrangements.
Participating schools include, in
addition to Stanford, the Univer
sity of California, San Jose State,
San Francisco State, University of
Nevada, Mills College, Chico State,
i College of the Pacific, and Fresno
I State.
Orchesis, modern dance society, i
will host an all-day dance sympos- 1
ium tomorrow in the Women's Gym.
Over 140 coeds from nine Northern
California and Nevada colleges and
universities are expected to attend.
Guest star of the symposium is
Elizabeth Waters, former soloist in
Hanya Holm's company. She will
conduct a master lesson in modern
dance from 10:30 to 12 tomorrow
morning, followed in the afternoon j
from 1 to 3 by a lecture demonstra- I

j tion on the interpretation of native
Indian dance themes in the mod
ern medium.
Mis. Miriam Lidster, director of
dance in women's physical educa
tion, is in charge of arrangements.
Participating schools include, in
addition to Stanford, the Univer
sity of California, San Jose State,
San Francisco State, University of
Nevada, Mills College, Chico State,
i College of the Pacific, and Fresno
I State.
Orchesis, modern dance society, i
will host an all-day dance sympos- 1
ium tomorrow in the Women's Gym.
Over 140 coeds from nine Northern
California and Nevada colleges and
universities are expected to attend.
Guest star of the symposium is
Elizabeth Waters, former soloist in
Hanya Holm's company. She will
conduct a master lesson in modern
dance from 10:30 to 12 tomorrow
morning, followed in the afternoon j
from 1 to 3 by a lecture demonstra- I

j tion on the interpretation of native
Indian dance themes in the mod
ern medium.
Mis. Miriam Lidster, director of
dance in women's physical educa
tion, is in charge of arrangements.
Participating schools include, in
addition to Stanford, the Univer
sity of California, San Jose State,
San Francisco State, University of
Nevada, Mills College, Chico State,
i College of the Pacific, and Fresno
I State.
Orchesis, modern dance society, i
will host an all-day dance sympos- 1
ium tomorrow in the Women's Gym.
Over 140 coeds from nine Northern
California and Nevada colleges and
universities are expected to attend.
Guest star of the symposium is
Elizabeth Waters, former soloist in
Hanya Holm's company. She will
conduct a master lesson in modern
dance from 10:30 to 12 tomorrow
morning, followed in the afternoon j
from 1 to 3 by a lecture demonstra- I

j tion on the interpretation of native
Indian dance themes in the mod
ern medium.
Mis. Miriam Lidster, director of
dance in women's physical educa
tion, is in charge of arrangements.
Participating schools include, in
addition to Stanford, the Univer
sity of California, San Jose State,
San Francisco State, University of
Nevada, Mills College, Chico State,
i College of the Pacific, and Fresno
I State.
Orchesis, modern dance society, i
will host an all-day dance sympos- 1
ium tomorrow in the Women's Gym.
Over 140 coeds from nine Northern
California and Nevada colleges and
universities are expected to attend.
Guest star of the symposium is
Elizabeth Waters, former soloist in
Hanya Holm's company. She will
conduct a master lesson in modern
dance from 10:30 to 12 tomorrow
morning, followed in the afternoon j
from 1 to 3 by a lecture demonstra- I

j tion on the interpretation of native
Indian dance themes in the mod
ern medium.
Mis. Miriam Lidster, director of
dance in women's physical educa
tion, is in charge of arrangements.
Participating schools include, in
addition to Stanford, the Univer
sity of California, San Jose State,
San Francisco State, University of
Nevada, Mills College, Chico State,
i College of the Pacific, and Fresno
I State.
