# BEVANS JOINS SEALS
## Daily Sports 
### 
CINCINNATI. May 7 (UP)—Floyd
(Hill) Bevans, the former Yankee
who came within one putput of a
no-hit world series game in 1947,
was sold tonight to the San Fran
ci co Seals.
CINCINNATI. May 7 (UP)—Floyd
(Hill) Bevans, the former Yankee
who came within one putput of a
no-hit world series game in 1947,
was sold tonight to the San Fran
ci co Seals.
CINCINNATI. May 7 (UP)—Floyd
(Hill) Bevans, the former Yankee
who came within one putput of a
no-hit world series game in 1947,
was sold tonight to the San Fran
ci co Seals.
CINCINNATI. May 7 (UP)—Floyd
(Hill) Bevans, the former Yankee
who came within one putput of a
no-hit world series game in 1947,
was sold tonight to the San Fran
ci co Seals.
CINCINNATI. May 7 (UP)—Floyd
(Hill) Bevans, the former Yankee
who came within one putput of a
no-hit world series game in 1947,
was sold tonight to the San Fran
ci co Seals.
CINCINNATI. May 7 (UP)—Floyd
(Hill) Bevans, the former Yankee
who came within one putput of a
no-hit world series game in 1947,
was sold tonight to the San Fran
ci co Seals.
CINCINNATI. May 7 (UP)—Floyd
(Hill) Bevans, the former Yankee
who came within one putput of a
no-hit world series game in 1947,
was sold tonight to the San Fran
ci co Seals.
CINCINNATI. May 7 (UP)—Floyd
(Hill) Bevans, the former Yankee
who came within one putput of a
no-hit world series game in 1947,
was sold tonight to the San Fran
ci co Seals.
CINCINNATI. May 7 (UP)—Floyd
(Hill) Bevans, the former Yankee
who came within one putput of a
no-hit world series game in 1947,
was sold tonight to the San Fran
ci co Seals.
CINCINNATI. May 7 (UP)—Floyd
(Hill) Bevans, the former Yankee
who came within one putput of a
no-hit world series game in 1947,
was sold tonight to the San Fran
ci co Seals.
CINCINNATI. May 7 (UP)—Floyd
(Hill) Bevans, the former Yankee
who came within one putput of a
no-hit world series game in 1947,
was sold tonight to the San Fran
ci co Seals.
CINCINNATI. May 7 (UP)—Floyd
(Hill) Bevans, the former Yankee
who came within one putput of a
no-hit world series game in 1947,
was sold tonight to the San Fran
ci co Seals.
CINCINNATI. May 7 (UP)—Floyd
(Hill) Bevans, the former Yankee
who came within one putput of a
no-hit world series game in 1947,
was sold tonight to the San Fran
ci co Seals.
CINCINNATI. May 7 (UP)—Floyd
(Hill) Bevans, the former Yankee
who came within one putput of a
no-hit world series game in 1947,
was sold tonight to the San Fran
ci co Seals.
CINCINNATI. May 7 (UP)—Floyd
(Hill) Bevans, the former Yankee
who came within one putput of a
no-hit world series game in 1947,
was sold tonight to the San Fran
ci co Seals.
CINCINNATI. May 7 (UP)—Floyd
(Hill) Bevans, the former Yankee
who came within one putput of a
no-hit world series game in 1947,
was sold tonight to the San Fran
ci co Seals.
