# Stunt Com Hunts For Bright Ideas
## 
### 
Anyone who has any ideas or
suggestions for the stunt com
mittee of the hand is urged to
contact Dwight Allen, 112 Toyon,
or mail them ti> the Bund Stunt
Committee, Box 1051?, Stanford.
The Stunt Committee is now
preparing stunts for next fall's
football games, and they would
appreciate new ideas for songs or
formations.
Anyone who has any ideas or
suggestions for the stunt com
mittee of the hand is urged to
contact Dwight Allen, 112 Toyon,
or mail them ti> the Bund Stunt
Committee, Box 1051?, Stanford.
The Stunt Committee is now
preparing stunts for next fall's
football games, and they would
appreciate new ideas for songs or
formations.
Anyone who has any ideas or
suggestions for the stunt com
mittee of the hand is urged to
contact Dwight Allen, 112 Toyon,
or mail them ti> the Bund Stunt
Committee, Box 1051?, Stanford.
The Stunt Committee is now
preparing stunts for next fall's
football games, and they would
appreciate new ideas for songs or
formations.
Anyone who has any ideas or
suggestions for the stunt com
mittee of the hand is urged to
contact Dwight Allen, 112 Toyon,
or mail them ti> the Bund Stunt
Committee, Box 1051?, Stanford.
The Stunt Committee is now
preparing stunts for next fall's
football games, and they would
appreciate new ideas for songs or
formations.
Anyone who has any ideas or
suggestions for the stunt com
mittee of the hand is urged to
contact Dwight Allen, 112 Toyon,
or mail them ti> the Bund Stunt
Committee, Box 1051?, Stanford.
The Stunt Committee is now
preparing stunts for next fall's
football games, and they would
appreciate new ideas for songs or
formations.
Anyone who has any ideas or
suggestions for the stunt com
mittee of the hand is urged to
contact Dwight Allen, 112 Toyon,
or mail them ti> the Bund Stunt
Committee, Box 1051?, Stanford.
The Stunt Committee is now
preparing stunts for next fall's
football games, and they would
appreciate new ideas for songs or
formations.
Anyone who has any ideas or
suggestions for the stunt com
mittee of the hand is urged to
contact Dwight Allen, 112 Toyon,
or mail them ti> the Bund Stunt
Committee, Box 1051?, Stanford.
The Stunt Committee is now
preparing stunts for next fall's
football games, and they would
appreciate new ideas for songs or
formations.
Anyone who has any ideas or
suggestions for the stunt com
mittee of the hand is urged to
contact Dwight Allen, 112 Toyon,
or mail them ti> the Bund Stunt
Committee, Box 1051?, Stanford.
The Stunt Committee is now
preparing stunts for next fall's
football games, and they would
appreciate new ideas for songs or
formations.
Anyone who has any ideas or
suggestions for the stunt com
mittee of the hand is urged to
contact Dwight Allen, 112 Toyon,
or mail them ti> the Bund Stunt
Committee, Box 1051?, Stanford.
The Stunt Committee is now
preparing stunts for next fall's
football games, and they would
appreciate new ideas for songs or
formations.
Anyone who has any ideas or
suggestions for the stunt com
mittee of the hand is urged to
contact Dwight Allen, 112 Toyon,
or mail them ti> the Bund Stunt
Committee, Box 1051?, Stanford.
The Stunt Committee is now
preparing stunts for next fall's
football games, and they would
appreciate new ideas for songs or
formations.
Anyone who has any ideas or
suggestions for the stunt com
mittee of the hand is urged to
contact Dwight Allen, 112 Toyon,
or mail them ti> the Bund Stunt
Committee, Box 1051?, Stanford.
The Stunt Committee is now
preparing stunts for next fall's
football games, and they would
appreciate new ideas for songs or
formations.
Anyone who has any ideas or
suggestions for the stunt com
mittee of the hand is urged to
contact Dwight Allen, 112 Toyon,
or mail them ti> the Bund Stunt
Committee, Box 1051?, Stanford.
The Stunt Committee is now
preparing stunts for next fall's
football games, and they would
appreciate new ideas for songs or
formations.
Anyone who has any ideas or
suggestions for the stunt com
mittee of the hand is urged to
contact Dwight Allen, 112 Toyon,
or mail them ti> the Bund Stunt
Committee, Box 1051?, Stanford.
The Stunt Committee is now
preparing stunts for next fall's
football games, and they would
appreciate new ideas for songs or
formations.
Anyone who has any ideas or
suggestions for the stunt com
mittee of the hand is urged to
contact Dwight Allen, 112 Toyon,
or mail them ti> the Bund Stunt
Committee, Box 1051?, Stanford.
The Stunt Committee is now
preparing stunts for next fall's
football games, and they would
appreciate new ideas for songs or
formations.
Anyone who has any ideas or
suggestions for the stunt com
mittee of the hand is urged to
contact Dwight Allen, 112 Toyon,
or mail them ti> the Bund Stunt
Committee, Box 1051?, Stanford.
The Stunt Committee is now
preparing stunts for next fall's
football games, and they would
appreciate new ideas for songs or
formations.
Anyone who has any ideas or
suggestions for the stunt com
mittee of the hand is urged to
contact Dwight Allen, 112 Toyon,
or mail them ti> the Bund Stunt
Committee, Box 1051?, Stanford.
The Stunt Committee is now
preparing stunts for next fall's
football games, and they would
appreciate new ideas for songs or
formations.
