# SCABBARD AND BLADE
## 
### 
Marvin Tennefoss was elected
captain of Scabbard and Blade,
ROTC honor society, yesterday.
Other officers elected were: Wil
liam Doughty, first lieutenant; Ed
ward Cook, second lieutenant; and
Robert Millslagle, first sergeant.
Marvin Tennefoss was elected
captain of Scabbard and Blade,
ROTC honor society, yesterday.
Other officers elected were: Wil
liam Doughty, first lieutenant; Ed
ward Cook, second lieutenant; and
Robert Millslagle, first sergeant.
Marvin Tennefoss was elected
captain of Scabbard and Blade,
ROTC honor society, yesterday.
Other officers elected were: Wil
liam Doughty, first lieutenant; Ed
ward Cook, second lieutenant; and
Robert Millslagle, first sergeant.
Marvin Tennefoss was elected
captain of Scabbard and Blade,
ROTC honor society, yesterday.
Other officers elected were: Wil
liam Doughty, first lieutenant; Ed
ward Cook, second lieutenant; and
Robert Millslagle, first sergeant.
Marvin Tennefoss was elected
captain of Scabbard and Blade,
ROTC honor society, yesterday.
Other officers elected were: Wil
liam Doughty, first lieutenant; Ed
ward Cook, second lieutenant; and
Robert Millslagle, first sergeant.
Marvin Tennefoss was elected
captain of Scabbard and Blade,
ROTC honor society, yesterday.
Other officers elected were: Wil
liam Doughty, first lieutenant; Ed
ward Cook, second lieutenant; and
Robert Millslagle, first sergeant.
Marvin Tennefoss was elected
captain of Scabbard and Blade,
ROTC honor society, yesterday.
Other officers elected were: Wil
liam Doughty, first lieutenant; Ed
ward Cook, second lieutenant; and
Robert Millslagle, first sergeant.
Marvin Tennefoss was elected
captain of Scabbard and Blade,
ROTC honor society, yesterday.
Other officers elected were: Wil
liam Doughty, first lieutenant; Ed
ward Cook, second lieutenant; and
Robert Millslagle, first sergeant.
Marvin Tennefoss was elected
captain of Scabbard and Blade,
ROTC honor society, yesterday.
Other officers elected were: Wil
liam Doughty, first lieutenant; Ed
ward Cook, second lieutenant; and
Robert Millslagle, first sergeant.
Marvin Tennefoss was elected
captain of Scabbard and Blade,
ROTC honor society, yesterday.
Other officers elected were: Wil
liam Doughty, first lieutenant; Ed
ward Cook, second lieutenant; and
Robert Millslagle, first sergeant.
Marvin Tennefoss was elected
captain of Scabbard and Blade,
ROTC honor society, yesterday.
Other officers elected were: Wil
liam Doughty, first lieutenant; Ed
ward Cook, second lieutenant; and
Robert Millslagle, first sergeant.
Marvin Tennefoss was elected
captain of Scabbard and Blade,
ROTC honor society, yesterday.
Other officers elected were: Wil
liam Doughty, first lieutenant; Ed
ward Cook, second lieutenant; and
Robert Millslagle, first sergeant.
Marvin Tennefoss was elected
captain of Scabbard and Blade,
ROTC honor society, yesterday.
Other officers elected were: Wil
liam Doughty, first lieutenant; Ed
ward Cook, second lieutenant; and
Robert Millslagle, first sergeant.
Marvin Tennefoss was elected
captain of Scabbard and Blade,
ROTC honor society, yesterday.
Other officers elected were: Wil
liam Doughty, first lieutenant; Ed
ward Cook, second lieutenant; and
Robert Millslagle, first sergeant.
Marvin Tennefoss was elected
captain of Scabbard and Blade,
ROTC honor society, yesterday.
Other officers elected were: Wil
liam Doughty, first lieutenant; Ed
ward Cook, second lieutenant; and
Robert Millslagle, first sergeant.
Marvin Tennefoss was elected
captain of Scabbard and Blade,
ROTC honor society, yesterday.
Other officers elected were: Wil
liam Doughty, first lieutenant; Ed
ward Cook, second lieutenant; and
Robert Millslagle, first sergeant.
