# 'Late George Apley' Is Tonight's Revival Film
## 
### 
Tonight's Revival Film is "The
Late George Apley," by John Mar
quand. Ronald Coleman and Peggy
Cummins are starred in this comedy
of Back Bay Boston life. Admission
is by season ticket only.
Tonight's Revival Film is "The
Late George Apley," by John Mar
quand. Ronald Coleman and Peggy
Cummins are starred in this comedy
of Back Bay Boston life. Admission
is by season ticket only.
Tonight's Revival Film is "The
Late George Apley," by John Mar
quand. Ronald Coleman and Peggy
Cummins are starred in this comedy
of Back Bay Boston life. Admission
is by season ticket only.
Tonight's Revival Film is "The
Late George Apley," by John Mar
quand. Ronald Coleman and Peggy
Cummins are starred in this comedy
of Back Bay Boston life. Admission
is by season ticket only.
Tonight's Revival Film is "The
Late George Apley," by John Mar
quand. Ronald Coleman and Peggy
Cummins are starred in this comedy
of Back Bay Boston life. Admission
is by season ticket only.
Tonight's Revival Film is "The
Late George Apley," by John Mar
quand. Ronald Coleman and Peggy
Cummins are starred in this comedy
of Back Bay Boston life. Admission
is by season ticket only.
Tonight's Revival Film is "The
Late George Apley," by John Mar
quand. Ronald Coleman and Peggy
Cummins are starred in this comedy
of Back Bay Boston life. Admission
is by season ticket only.
Tonight's Revival Film is "The
Late George Apley," by John Mar
quand. Ronald Coleman and Peggy
Cummins are starred in this comedy
of Back Bay Boston life. Admission
is by season ticket only.
Tonight's Revival Film is "The
Late George Apley," by John Mar
quand. Ronald Coleman and Peggy
Cummins are starred in this comedy
of Back Bay Boston life. Admission
is by season ticket only.
Tonight's Revival Film is "The
Late George Apley," by John Mar
quand. Ronald Coleman and Peggy
Cummins are starred in this comedy
of Back Bay Boston life. Admission
is by season ticket only.
Tonight's Revival Film is "The
Late George Apley," by John Mar
quand. Ronald Coleman and Peggy
Cummins are starred in this comedy
of Back Bay Boston life. Admission
is by season ticket only.
Tonight's Revival Film is "The
Late George Apley," by John Mar
quand. Ronald Coleman and Peggy
Cummins are starred in this comedy
of Back Bay Boston life. Admission
is by season ticket only.
Tonight's Revival Film is "The
Late George Apley," by John Mar
quand. Ronald Coleman and Peggy
Cummins are starred in this comedy
of Back Bay Boston life. Admission
is by season ticket only.
Tonight's Revival Film is "The
Late George Apley," by John Mar
quand. Ronald Coleman and Peggy
Cummins are starred in this comedy
of Back Bay Boston life. Admission
is by season ticket only.
Tonight's Revival Film is "The
Late George Apley," by John Mar
quand. Ronald Coleman and Peggy
Cummins are starred in this comedy
of Back Bay Boston life. Admission
is by season ticket only.
Tonight's Revival Film is "The
Late George Apley," by John Mar
quand. Ronald Coleman and Peggy
Cummins are starred in this comedy
of Back Bay Boston life. Admission
is by season ticket only.
