# Wounded Wasp
## 
### 

LIMPS INTO PORT—The crippled aircraft carrier U.S.S. Wasp,
with a 75-foot saw-toothed rip in her bow, arrives at Mew York
after a slow trip from the scene of her collision wiih the de
stroyer U.S.S. Hobson in the mid-Atlantic. The Hobson sank
with 176 of her crew aboard. —NEA Telephoto

LIMPS INTO PORT—The crippled aircraft carrier U.S.S. Wasp,
with a 75-foot saw-toothed rip in her bow, arrives at Mew York
after a slow trip from the scene of her collision wiih the de
stroyer U.S.S. Hobson in the mid-Atlantic. The Hobson sank
with 176 of her crew aboard. —NEA Telephoto

LIMPS INTO PORT—The crippled aircraft carrier U.S.S. Wasp,
with a 75-foot saw-toothed rip in her bow, arrives at Mew York
after a slow trip from the scene of her collision wiih the de
stroyer U.S.S. Hobson in the mid-Atlantic. The Hobson sank
with 176 of her crew aboard. —NEA Telephoto

LIMPS INTO PORT—The crippled aircraft carrier U.S.S. Wasp,
with a 75-foot saw-toothed rip in her bow, arrives at Mew York
after a slow trip from the scene of her collision wiih the de
stroyer U.S.S. Hobson in the mid-Atlantic. The Hobson sank
with 176 of her crew aboard. —NEA Telephoto

LIMPS INTO PORT—The crippled aircraft carrier U.S.S. Wasp,
with a 75-foot saw-toothed rip in her bow, arrives at Mew York
after a slow trip from the scene of her collision wiih the de
stroyer U.S.S. Hobson in the mid-Atlantic. The Hobson sank
with 176 of her crew aboard. —NEA Telephoto

LIMPS INTO PORT—The crippled aircraft carrier U.S.S. Wasp,
with a 75-foot saw-toothed rip in her bow, arrives at Mew York
after a slow trip from the scene of her collision wiih the de
stroyer U.S.S. Hobson in the mid-Atlantic. The Hobson sank
with 176 of her crew aboard. —NEA Telephoto

LIMPS INTO PORT—The crippled aircraft carrier U.S.S. Wasp,
with a 75-foot saw-toothed rip in her bow, arrives at Mew York
after a slow trip from the scene of her collision wiih the de
stroyer U.S.S. Hobson in the mid-Atlantic. The Hobson sank
with 176 of her crew aboard. —NEA Telephoto

LIMPS INTO PORT—The crippled aircraft carrier U.S.S. Wasp,
with a 75-foot saw-toothed rip in her bow, arrives at Mew York
after a slow trip from the scene of her collision wiih the de
stroyer U.S.S. Hobson in the mid-Atlantic. The Hobson sank
with 176 of her crew aboard. —NEA Telephoto

LIMPS INTO PORT—The crippled aircraft carrier U.S.S. Wasp,
with a 75-foot saw-toothed rip in her bow, arrives at Mew York
after a slow trip from the scene of her collision wiih the de
stroyer U.S.S. Hobson in the mid-Atlantic. The Hobson sank
with 176 of her crew aboard. —NEA Telephoto

LIMPS INTO PORT—The crippled aircraft carrier U.S.S. Wasp,
with a 75-foot saw-toothed rip in her bow, arrives at Mew York
after a slow trip from the scene of her collision wiih the de
stroyer U.S.S. Hobson in the mid-Atlantic. The Hobson sank
with 176 of her crew aboard. —NEA Telephoto

LIMPS INTO PORT—The crippled aircraft carrier U.S.S. Wasp,
with a 75-foot saw-toothed rip in her bow, arrives at Mew York
after a slow trip from the scene of her collision wiih the de
stroyer U.S.S. Hobson in the mid-Atlantic. The Hobson sank
with 176 of her crew aboard. —NEA Telephoto

LIMPS INTO PORT—The crippled aircraft carrier U.S.S. Wasp,
with a 75-foot saw-toothed rip in her bow, arrives at Mew York
after a slow trip from the scene of her collision wiih the de
stroyer U.S.S. Hobson in the mid-Atlantic. The Hobson sank
with 176 of her crew aboard. —NEA Telephoto

LIMPS INTO PORT—The crippled aircraft carrier U.S.S. Wasp,
with a 75-foot saw-toothed rip in her bow, arrives at Mew York
after a slow trip from the scene of her collision wiih the de
stroyer U.S.S. Hobson in the mid-Atlantic. The Hobson sank
with 176 of her crew aboard. —NEA Telephoto

LIMPS INTO PORT—The crippled aircraft carrier U.S.S. Wasp,
with a 75-foot saw-toothed rip in her bow, arrives at Mew York
after a slow trip from the scene of her collision wiih the de
stroyer U.S.S. Hobson in the mid-Atlantic. The Hobson sank
with 176 of her crew aboard. —NEA Telephoto

LIMPS INTO PORT—The crippled aircraft carrier U.S.S. Wasp,
with a 75-foot saw-toothed rip in her bow, arrives at Mew York
after a slow trip from the scene of her collision wiih the de
stroyer U.S.S. Hobson in the mid-Atlantic. The Hobson sank
with 176 of her crew aboard. —NEA Telephoto

LIMPS INTO PORT—The crippled aircraft carrier U.S.S. Wasp,
with a 75-foot saw-toothed rip in her bow, arrives at Mew York
after a slow trip from the scene of her collision wiih the de
stroyer U.S.S. Hobson in the mid-Atlantic. The Hobson sank
with 176 of her crew aboard. —NEA Telephoto
