# Interviews to Be Held For AWS Treasurer
## 
### 
The office of AWS treasurer is now
open and interviews will be held to
morrow from 11 to 12 on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse. The
term of office starts next September
and will be for the whole year.
Women from fill classes may apply
for the position.
The office of AWS treasurer is now
open and interviews will be held to
morrow from 11 to 12 on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse. The
term of office starts next September
and will be for the whole year.
Women from fill classes may apply
for the position.
The office of AWS treasurer is now
open and interviews will be held to
morrow from 11 to 12 on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse. The
term of office starts next September
and will be for the whole year.
Women from fill classes may apply
for the position.
The office of AWS treasurer is now
open and interviews will be held to
morrow from 11 to 12 on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse. The
term of office starts next September
and will be for the whole year.
Women from fill classes may apply
for the position.
The office of AWS treasurer is now
open and interviews will be held to
morrow from 11 to 12 on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse. The
term of office starts next September
and will be for the whole year.
Women from fill classes may apply
for the position.
The office of AWS treasurer is now
open and interviews will be held to
morrow from 11 to 12 on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse. The
term of office starts next September
and will be for the whole year.
Women from fill classes may apply
for the position.
The office of AWS treasurer is now
open and interviews will be held to
morrow from 11 to 12 on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse. The
term of office starts next September
and will be for the whole year.
Women from fill classes may apply
for the position.
The office of AWS treasurer is now
open and interviews will be held to
morrow from 11 to 12 on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse. The
term of office starts next September
and will be for the whole year.
Women from fill classes may apply
for the position.
The office of AWS treasurer is now
open and interviews will be held to
morrow from 11 to 12 on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse. The
term of office starts next September
and will be for the whole year.
Women from fill classes may apply
for the position.
The office of AWS treasurer is now
open and interviews will be held to
morrow from 11 to 12 on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse. The
term of office starts next September
and will be for the whole year.
Women from fill classes may apply
for the position.
The office of AWS treasurer is now
open and interviews will be held to
morrow from 11 to 12 on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse. The
term of office starts next September
and will be for the whole year.
Women from fill classes may apply
for the position.
The office of AWS treasurer is now
open and interviews will be held to
morrow from 11 to 12 on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse. The
term of office starts next September
and will be for the whole year.
Women from fill classes may apply
for the position.
The office of AWS treasurer is now
open and interviews will be held to
morrow from 11 to 12 on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse. The
term of office starts next September
and will be for the whole year.
Women from fill classes may apply
for the position.
The office of AWS treasurer is now
open and interviews will be held to
morrow from 11 to 12 on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse. The
term of office starts next September
and will be for the whole year.
Women from fill classes may apply
for the position.
The office of AWS treasurer is now
open and interviews will be held to
morrow from 11 to 12 on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse. The
term of office starts next September
and will be for the whole year.
Women from fill classes may apply
for the position.
The office of AWS treasurer is now
open and interviews will be held to
morrow from 11 to 12 on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse. The
term of office starts next September
and will be for the whole year.
Women from fill classes may apply
for the position.
