# Adv. 15 Page 3
## 
### 
CHRYSLER
PLYMOUTH
AUTHORIZED SERVICE
EST. 21 YEARS
Repairs and Service on nil
makes of cars by fully
trained mechanics
BODY, FENDER. AND
PAINT WORK
CAMPUS
GARAGE
Opposite New S.P. Depot
Phone P A. 221 58
CHRYSLER
PLYMOUTH
AUTHORIZED SERVICE
EST. 21 YEARS
Repairs and Service on nil
makes of cars by fully
trained mechanics
BODY, FENDER. AND
PAINT WORK
CAMPUS
GARAGE
Opposite New S.P. Depot
Phone P A. 221 58
CHRYSLER
PLYMOUTH
AUTHORIZED SERVICE
EST. 21 YEARS
Repairs and Service on nil
makes of cars by fully
trained mechanics
BODY, FENDER. AND
PAINT WORK
CAMPUS
GARAGE
Opposite New S.P. Depot
Phone P A. 221 58
CHRYSLER
PLYMOUTH
AUTHORIZED SERVICE
EST. 21 YEARS
Repairs and Service on nil
makes of cars by fully
trained mechanics
BODY, FENDER. AND
PAINT WORK
CAMPUS
GARAGE
Opposite New S.P. Depot
Phone P A. 221 58
CHRYSLER
PLYMOUTH
AUTHORIZED SERVICE
EST. 21 YEARS
Repairs and Service on nil
makes of cars by fully
trained mechanics
BODY, FENDER. AND
PAINT WORK
CAMPUS
GARAGE
Opposite New S.P. Depot
Phone P A. 221 58
CHRYSLER
PLYMOUTH
AUTHORIZED SERVICE
EST. 21 YEARS
Repairs and Service on nil
makes of cars by fully
trained mechanics
BODY, FENDER. AND
PAINT WORK
CAMPUS
GARAGE
Opposite New S.P. Depot
Phone P A. 221 58
CHRYSLER
PLYMOUTH
AUTHORIZED SERVICE
EST. 21 YEARS
Repairs and Service on nil
makes of cars by fully
trained mechanics
BODY, FENDER. AND
PAINT WORK
CAMPUS
GARAGE
Opposite New S.P. Depot
Phone P A. 221 58
CHRYSLER
PLYMOUTH
AUTHORIZED SERVICE
EST. 21 YEARS
Repairs and Service on nil
makes of cars by fully
trained mechanics
BODY, FENDER. AND
PAINT WORK
CAMPUS
GARAGE
Opposite New S.P. Depot
Phone P A. 221 58
CHRYSLER
PLYMOUTH
AUTHORIZED SERVICE
EST. 21 YEARS
Repairs and Service on nil
makes of cars by fully
trained mechanics
BODY, FENDER. AND
PAINT WORK
CAMPUS
GARAGE
Opposite New S.P. Depot
Phone P A. 221 58
CHRYSLER
PLYMOUTH
AUTHORIZED SERVICE
EST. 21 YEARS
Repairs and Service on nil
makes of cars by fully
trained mechanics
BODY, FENDER. AND
PAINT WORK
CAMPUS
GARAGE
Opposite New S.P. Depot
Phone P A. 221 58
CHRYSLER
PLYMOUTH
AUTHORIZED SERVICE
EST. 21 YEARS
Repairs and Service on nil
makes of cars by fully
trained mechanics
BODY, FENDER. AND
PAINT WORK
CAMPUS
GARAGE
Opposite New S.P. Depot
Phone P A. 221 58
CHRYSLER
PLYMOUTH
AUTHORIZED SERVICE
EST. 21 YEARS
Repairs and Service on nil
makes of cars by fully
trained mechanics
BODY, FENDER. AND
PAINT WORK
CAMPUS
GARAGE
Opposite New S.P. Depot
Phone P A. 221 58
CHRYSLER
PLYMOUTH
AUTHORIZED SERVICE
EST. 21 YEARS
Repairs and Service on nil
makes of cars by fully
trained mechanics
BODY, FENDER. AND
PAINT WORK
CAMPUS
GARAGE
Opposite New S.P. Depot
Phone P A. 221 58
CHRYSLER
PLYMOUTH
AUTHORIZED SERVICE
EST. 21 YEARS
Repairs and Service on nil
makes of cars by fully
trained mechanics
BODY, FENDER. AND
PAINT WORK
CAMPUS
GARAGE
Opposite New S.P. Depot
Phone P A. 221 58
CHRYSLER
PLYMOUTH
AUTHORIZED SERVICE
EST. 21 YEARS
Repairs and Service on nil
makes of cars by fully
trained mechanics
BODY, FENDER. AND
PAINT WORK
CAMPUS
GARAGE
Opposite New S.P. Depot
Phone P A. 221 58
CHRYSLER
PLYMOUTH
AUTHORIZED SERVICE
EST. 21 YEARS
Repairs and Service on nil
makes of cars by fully
trained mechanics
BODY, FENDER. AND
PAINT WORK
CAMPUS
GARAGE
Opposite New S.P. Depot
Phone P A. 221 58
CHRYSLER
PLYMOUTH
AUTHORIZED SERVICE
EST. 21 YEARS
Repairs and Service on nil
makes of cars by fully
trained mechanics
BODY, FENDER. AND
PAINT WORK
CAMPUS
GARAGE
Opposite New S.P. Depot
Phone P A. 221 58
CHRYSLER
PLYMOUTH
AUTHORIZED SERVICE
EST. 21 YEARS
Repairs and Service on nil
makes of cars by fully
trained mechanics
BODY, FENDER. AND
PAINT WORK
CAMPUS
GARAGE
Opposite New S.P. Depot
Phone P A. 221 58
