# TOJO ORATES TO DIET
## 
### 
TOKYO, Jan. 21 (Wednesday) (of- ;
ficial broadcast recorded by United !
Press in San Francisco).—The 79th
session of the Diet convened today
with Foreign Minister Shigenori Tojo
giving "particular reference toward '
the South American nations" in an i
outline of Nippon's "diplomatic re- !
lations with the nations working in
concert with Japan as well as the at- ;
titude toward the neutral countries." I
TOKYO, Jan. 21 (Wednesday) (of- ;
ficial broadcast recorded by United !
Press in San Francisco).—The 79th
session of the Diet convened today
with Foreign Minister Shigenori Tojo
giving "particular reference toward '
the South American nations" in an i
outline of Nippon's "diplomatic re- !
lations with the nations working in
concert with Japan as well as the at- ;
titude toward the neutral countries." I
TOKYO, Jan. 21 (Wednesday) (of- ;
ficial broadcast recorded by United !
Press in San Francisco).—The 79th
session of the Diet convened today
with Foreign Minister Shigenori Tojo
giving "particular reference toward '
the South American nations" in an i
outline of Nippon's "diplomatic re- !
lations with the nations working in
concert with Japan as well as the at- ;
titude toward the neutral countries." I
TOKYO, Jan. 21 (Wednesday) (of- ;
ficial broadcast recorded by United !
Press in San Francisco).—The 79th
session of the Diet convened today
with Foreign Minister Shigenori Tojo
giving "particular reference toward '
the South American nations" in an i
outline of Nippon's "diplomatic re- !
lations with the nations working in
concert with Japan as well as the at- ;
titude toward the neutral countries." I
TOKYO, Jan. 21 (Wednesday) (of- ;
ficial broadcast recorded by United !
Press in San Francisco).—The 79th
session of the Diet convened today
with Foreign Minister Shigenori Tojo
giving "particular reference toward '
the South American nations" in an i
outline of Nippon's "diplomatic re- !
lations with the nations working in
concert with Japan as well as the at- ;
titude toward the neutral countries." I
TOKYO, Jan. 21 (Wednesday) (of- ;
ficial broadcast recorded by United !
Press in San Francisco).—The 79th
session of the Diet convened today
with Foreign Minister Shigenori Tojo
giving "particular reference toward '
the South American nations" in an i
outline of Nippon's "diplomatic re- !
lations with the nations working in
concert with Japan as well as the at- ;
titude toward the neutral countries." I
TOKYO, Jan. 21 (Wednesday) (of- ;
ficial broadcast recorded by United !
Press in San Francisco).—The 79th
session of the Diet convened today
with Foreign Minister Shigenori Tojo
giving "particular reference toward '
the South American nations" in an i
outline of Nippon's "diplomatic re- !
lations with the nations working in
concert with Japan as well as the at- ;
titude toward the neutral countries." I
TOKYO, Jan. 21 (Wednesday) (of- ;
ficial broadcast recorded by United !
Press in San Francisco).—The 79th
session of the Diet convened today
with Foreign Minister Shigenori Tojo
giving "particular reference toward '
the South American nations" in an i
outline of Nippon's "diplomatic re- !
lations with the nations working in
concert with Japan as well as the at- ;
titude toward the neutral countries." I
TOKYO, Jan. 21 (Wednesday) (of- ;
ficial broadcast recorded by United !
Press in San Francisco).—The 79th
session of the Diet convened today
with Foreign Minister Shigenori Tojo
giving "particular reference toward '
the South American nations" in an i
outline of Nippon's "diplomatic re- !
lations with the nations working in
concert with Japan as well as the at- ;
titude toward the neutral countries." I
TOKYO, Jan. 21 (Wednesday) (of- ;
ficial broadcast recorded by United !
Press in San Francisco).—The 79th
session of the Diet convened today
with Foreign Minister Shigenori Tojo
giving "particular reference toward '
the South American nations" in an i
outline of Nippon's "diplomatic re- !
lations with the nations working in
concert with Japan as well as the at- ;
titude toward the neutral countries." I
TOKYO, Jan. 21 (Wednesday) (of- ;
ficial broadcast recorded by United !
Press in San Francisco).—The 79th
session of the Diet convened today
with Foreign Minister Shigenori Tojo
giving "particular reference toward '
the South American nations" in an i
outline of Nippon's "diplomatic re- !
lations with the nations working in
concert with Japan as well as the at- ;
titude toward the neutral countries." I
TOKYO, Jan. 21 (Wednesday) (of- ;
ficial broadcast recorded by United !
Press in San Francisco).—The 79th
session of the Diet convened today
with Foreign Minister Shigenori Tojo
giving "particular reference toward '
the South American nations" in an i
outline of Nippon's "diplomatic re- !
lations with the nations working in
concert with Japan as well as the at- ;
titude toward the neutral countries." I
TOKYO, Jan. 21 (Wednesday) (of- ;
ficial broadcast recorded by United !
Press in San Francisco).—The 79th
session of the Diet convened today
with Foreign Minister Shigenori Tojo
giving "particular reference toward '
the South American nations" in an i
outline of Nippon's "diplomatic re- !
lations with the nations working in
concert with Japan as well as the at- ;
titude toward the neutral countries." I
TOKYO, Jan. 21 (Wednesday) (of- ;
ficial broadcast recorded by United !
Press in San Francisco).—The 79th
session of the Diet convened today
with Foreign Minister Shigenori Tojo
giving "particular reference toward '
the South American nations" in an i
outline of Nippon's "diplomatic re- !
lations with the nations working in
concert with Japan as well as the at- ;
titude toward the neutral countries." I
TOKYO, Jan. 21 (Wednesday) (of- ;
ficial broadcast recorded by United !
Press in San Francisco).—The 79th
session of the Diet convened today
with Foreign Minister Shigenori Tojo
giving "particular reference toward '
the South American nations" in an i
outline of Nippon's "diplomatic re- !
lations with the nations working in
concert with Japan as well as the at- ;
titude toward the neutral countries." I
TOKYO, Jan. 21 (Wednesday) (of- ;
ficial broadcast recorded by United !
Press in San Francisco).—The 79th
session of the Diet convened today
with Foreign Minister Shigenori Tojo
giving "particular reference toward '
the South American nations" in an i
outline of Nippon's "diplomatic re- !
lations with the nations working in
concert with Japan as well as the at- ;
titude toward the neutral countries." I
TOKYO, Jan. 21 (Wednesday) (of- ;
ficial broadcast recorded by United !
Press in San Francisco).—The 79th
session of the Diet convened today
with Foreign Minister Shigenori Tojo
giving "particular reference toward '
the South American nations" in an i
outline of Nippon's "diplomatic re- !
lations with the nations working in
concert with Japan as well as the at- ;
titude toward the neutral countries." I
TOKYO, Jan. 21 (Wednesday) (of- ;
ficial broadcast recorded by United !
Press in San Francisco).—The 79th
session of the Diet convened today
with Foreign Minister Shigenori Tojo
giving "particular reference toward '
the South American nations" in an i
outline of Nippon's "diplomatic re- !
lations with the nations working in
concert with Japan as well as the at- ;
titude toward the neutral countries." I
