# Math Club to Hear Talk on Triangles
## 
### 
"Triangles Inscribed in a Triangle,
or It's All Done with Mirrors" is
the topic that will feature the pro
gram at the meeting this afternoon
of the undergraduate Mathematics
Club at 4:20 in Room 73.
Alan Hedden and Ben Ryan are
presenting the entertainment which
will involve nothing more advanced
than high school geometry. All in
terested students arc invited.
"Triangles Inscribed in a Triangle,
or It's All Done with Mirrors" is
the topic that will feature the pro
gram at the meeting this afternoon
of the undergraduate Mathematics
Club at 4:20 in Room 73.
Alan Hedden and Ben Ryan are
presenting the entertainment which
will involve nothing more advanced
than high school geometry. All in
terested students arc invited.
"Triangles Inscribed in a Triangle,
or It's All Done with Mirrors" is
the topic that will feature the pro
gram at the meeting this afternoon
of the undergraduate Mathematics
Club at 4:20 in Room 73.
Alan Hedden and Ben Ryan are
presenting the entertainment which
will involve nothing more advanced
than high school geometry. All in
terested students arc invited.
"Triangles Inscribed in a Triangle,
or It's All Done with Mirrors" is
the topic that will feature the pro
gram at the meeting this afternoon
of the undergraduate Mathematics
Club at 4:20 in Room 73.
Alan Hedden and Ben Ryan are
presenting the entertainment which
will involve nothing more advanced
than high school geometry. All in
terested students arc invited.
"Triangles Inscribed in a Triangle,
or It's All Done with Mirrors" is
the topic that will feature the pro
gram at the meeting this afternoon
of the undergraduate Mathematics
Club at 4:20 in Room 73.
Alan Hedden and Ben Ryan are
presenting the entertainment which
will involve nothing more advanced
than high school geometry. All in
terested students arc invited.
"Triangles Inscribed in a Triangle,
or It's All Done with Mirrors" is
the topic that will feature the pro
gram at the meeting this afternoon
of the undergraduate Mathematics
Club at 4:20 in Room 73.
Alan Hedden and Ben Ryan are
presenting the entertainment which
will involve nothing more advanced
than high school geometry. All in
terested students arc invited.
"Triangles Inscribed in a Triangle,
or It's All Done with Mirrors" is
the topic that will feature the pro
gram at the meeting this afternoon
of the undergraduate Mathematics
Club at 4:20 in Room 73.
Alan Hedden and Ben Ryan are
presenting the entertainment which
will involve nothing more advanced
than high school geometry. All in
terested students arc invited.
"Triangles Inscribed in a Triangle,
or It's All Done with Mirrors" is
the topic that will feature the pro
gram at the meeting this afternoon
of the undergraduate Mathematics
Club at 4:20 in Room 73.
Alan Hedden and Ben Ryan are
presenting the entertainment which
will involve nothing more advanced
than high school geometry. All in
terested students arc invited.
"Triangles Inscribed in a Triangle,
or It's All Done with Mirrors" is
the topic that will feature the pro
gram at the meeting this afternoon
of the undergraduate Mathematics
Club at 4:20 in Room 73.
Alan Hedden and Ben Ryan are
presenting the entertainment which
will involve nothing more advanced
than high school geometry. All in
terested students arc invited.
"Triangles Inscribed in a Triangle,
or It's All Done with Mirrors" is
the topic that will feature the pro
gram at the meeting this afternoon
of the undergraduate Mathematics
Club at 4:20 in Room 73.
Alan Hedden and Ben Ryan are
presenting the entertainment which
will involve nothing more advanced
than high school geometry. All in
terested students arc invited.
"Triangles Inscribed in a Triangle,
or It's All Done with Mirrors" is
the topic that will feature the pro
gram at the meeting this afternoon
of the undergraduate Mathematics
Club at 4:20 in Room 73.
Alan Hedden and Ben Ryan are
presenting the entertainment which
will involve nothing more advanced
than high school geometry. All in
terested students arc invited.
"Triangles Inscribed in a Triangle,
or It's All Done with Mirrors" is
the topic that will feature the pro
gram at the meeting this afternoon
of the undergraduate Mathematics
Club at 4:20 in Room 73.
Alan Hedden and Ben Ryan are
presenting the entertainment which
will involve nothing more advanced
than high school geometry. All in
terested students arc invited.
"Triangles Inscribed in a Triangle,
or It's All Done with Mirrors" is
the topic that will feature the pro
gram at the meeting this afternoon
of the undergraduate Mathematics
Club at 4:20 in Room 73.
Alan Hedden and Ben Ryan are
presenting the entertainment which
will involve nothing more advanced
than high school geometry. All in
terested students arc invited.
"Triangles Inscribed in a Triangle,
or It's All Done with Mirrors" is
the topic that will feature the pro
gram at the meeting this afternoon
of the undergraduate Mathematics
Club at 4:20 in Room 73.
Alan Hedden and Ben Ryan are
presenting the entertainment which
will involve nothing more advanced
than high school geometry. All in
terested students arc invited.
"Triangles Inscribed in a Triangle,
or It's All Done with Mirrors" is
the topic that will feature the pro
gram at the meeting this afternoon
of the undergraduate Mathematics
Club at 4:20 in Room 73.
Alan Hedden and Ben Ryan are
presenting the entertainment which
will involve nothing more advanced
than high school geometry. All in
terested students arc invited.
"Triangles Inscribed in a Triangle,
or It's All Done with Mirrors" is
the topic that will feature the pro
gram at the meeting this afternoon
of the undergraduate Mathematics
Club at 4:20 in Room 73.
Alan Hedden and Ben Ryan are
presenting the entertainment which
will involve nothing more advanced
than high school geometry. All in
terested students arc invited.
"Triangles Inscribed in a Triangle,
or It's All Done with Mirrors" is
the topic that will feature the pro
gram at the meeting this afternoon
of the undergraduate Mathematics
Club at 4:20 in Room 73.
Alan Hedden and Ben Ryan are
presenting the entertainment which
will involve nothing more advanced
than high school geometry. All in
terested students arc invited.
"Triangles Inscribed in a Triangle,
or It's All Done with Mirrors" is
the topic that will feature the pro
gram at the meeting this afternoon
of the undergraduate Mathematics
Club at 4:20 in Room 73.
Alan Hedden and Ben Ryan are
presenting the entertainment which
will involve nothing more advanced
than high school geometry. All in
terested students arc invited.
