# Y.W.C.A. Holds Meeting Today
## 
### 
The Y.W.C.A. Student Conference
held at Santa Cruz and the National
Assembly of Student Christian Asso
ciations held at Oxford, Ohio, will
be discussed at the "Y" meeting at
4:30 this afternoon.
Mary Lin Murray, Harriet Suth
erland, Frances Dekker, and Lung
hsin Wu will discuss various phases
of the Santa Cruz conference. Doro
thea Crile will review the Oxford
Convention.
The efficiency of the co-operative
will be one of the main features of
the discussion. For the third suc
cessive year, students and faculty
numbering 450 participated in a
completely co-operative convention.
The attitude which the Student
Christian must have during the
present period of crisis will be ex
plained by Miss Crile.
