# Literary Award Open to Writers
## 
### 
A fellowship for writers of fiction,
biography, historical narrative, and
verse narrative carrying a stipend of
$900 was announced yesterday under
the terms of a bequest by Senator
James D. Phelan to bring about a
further development of native talent
in California in the fields of literature
and art.
Applicants for the fellowship, both
men and women, must be native born
citizens of California, and must be
between the ages of 20 and 30. Ap
plication forms may be obtained
from the office of the James D.
Phelan Award in Literature and Art,
319 Phelan Building, San Francisco.
The competition closes the 15th of
February, 1944.
Those competing must furnish the
names of three persons who have
knowledge of the field in which they
are working, and who are acquainted
with the applicant and his work. In
addition, applicants are required to
present specimens of their handi
work.
A fellowship for writers of fiction,
biography, historical narrative, and
verse narrative carrying a stipend of
$900 was announced yesterday under
the terms of a bequest by Senator
James D. Phelan to bring about a
further development of native talent
in California in the fields of literature
and art.
Applicants for the fellowship, both
men and women, must be native born
citizens of California, and must be
between the ages of 20 and 30. Ap
plication forms may be obtained
from the office of the James D.
Phelan Award in Literature and Art,
319 Phelan Building, San Francisco.
The competition closes the 15th of
February, 1944.
Those competing must furnish the
names of three persons who have
knowledge of the field in which they
are working, and who are acquainted
with the applicant and his work. In
addition, applicants are required to
present specimens of their handi
work.
A fellowship for writers of fiction,
biography, historical narrative, and
verse narrative carrying a stipend of
$900 was announced yesterday under
the terms of a bequest by Senator
James D. Phelan to bring about a
further development of native talent
in California in the fields of literature
and art.
Applicants for the fellowship, both
men and women, must be native born
citizens of California, and must be
between the ages of 20 and 30. Ap
plication forms may be obtained
from the office of the James D.
Phelan Award in Literature and Art,
319 Phelan Building, San Francisco.
The competition closes the 15th of
February, 1944.
Those competing must furnish the
names of three persons who have
knowledge of the field in which they
are working, and who are acquainted
with the applicant and his work. In
addition, applicants are required to
present specimens of their handi
work.
A fellowship for writers of fiction,
biography, historical narrative, and
verse narrative carrying a stipend of
$900 was announced yesterday under
the terms of a bequest by Senator
James D. Phelan to bring about a
further development of native talent
in California in the fields of literature
and art.
Applicants for the fellowship, both
men and women, must be native born
citizens of California, and must be
between the ages of 20 and 30. Ap
plication forms may be obtained
from the office of the James D.
Phelan Award in Literature and Art,
319 Phelan Building, San Francisco.
The competition closes the 15th of
February, 1944.
Those competing must furnish the
names of three persons who have
knowledge of the field in which they
are working, and who are acquainted
with the applicant and his work. In
addition, applicants are required to
present specimens of their handi
work.
A fellowship for writers of fiction,
biography, historical narrative, and
verse narrative carrying a stipend of
$900 was announced yesterday under
the terms of a bequest by Senator
James D. Phelan to bring about a
further development of native talent
in California in the fields of literature
and art.
Applicants for the fellowship, both
men and women, must be native born
citizens of California, and must be
between the ages of 20 and 30. Ap
plication forms may be obtained
from the office of the James D.
Phelan Award in Literature and Art,
319 Phelan Building, San Francisco.
The competition closes the 15th of
February, 1944.
Those competing must furnish the
names of three persons who have
knowledge of the field in which they
are working, and who are acquainted
with the applicant and his work. In
addition, applicants are required to
present specimens of their handi
work.
A fellowship for writers of fiction,
biography, historical narrative, and
verse narrative carrying a stipend of
$900 was announced yesterday under
the terms of a bequest by Senator
James D. Phelan to bring about a
further development of native talent
in California in the fields of literature
and art.
Applicants for the fellowship, both
men and women, must be native born
citizens of California, and must be
between the ages of 20 and 30. Ap
plication forms may be obtained
from the office of the James D.
Phelan Award in Literature and Art,
319 Phelan Building, San Francisco.
The competition closes the 15th of
February, 1944.
Those competing must furnish the
names of three persons who have
knowledge of the field in which they
are working, and who are acquainted
with the applicant and his work. In
addition, applicants are required to
present specimens of their handi
work.
A fellowship for writers of fiction,
biography, historical narrative, and
verse narrative carrying a stipend of
$900 was announced yesterday under
the terms of a bequest by Senator
James D. Phelan to bring about a
further development of native talent
in California in the fields of literature
and art.
Applicants for the fellowship, both
men and women, must be native born
citizens of California, and must be
between the ages of 20 and 30. Ap
plication forms may be obtained
from the office of the James D.
Phelan Award in Literature and Art,
319 Phelan Building, San Francisco.
The competition closes the 15th of
February, 1944.
Those competing must furnish the
names of three persons who have
knowledge of the field in which they
are working, and who are acquainted
with the applicant and his work. In
addition, applicants are required to
present specimens of their handi
work.
A fellowship for writers of fiction,
biography, historical narrative, and
verse narrative carrying a stipend of
$900 was announced yesterday under
the terms of a bequest by Senator
James D. Phelan to bring about a
further development of native talent
in California in the fields of literature
and art.
Applicants for the fellowship, both
men and women, must be native born
citizens of California, and must be
between the ages of 20 and 30. Ap
plication forms may be obtained
from the office of the James D.
Phelan Award in Literature and Art,
319 Phelan Building, San Francisco.
The competition closes the 15th of
February, 1944.
Those competing must furnish the
names of three persons who have
knowledge of the field in which they
are working, and who are acquainted
with the applicant and his work. In
addition, applicants are required to
present specimens of their handi
work.
A fellowship for writers of fiction,
biography, historical narrative, and
verse narrative carrying a stipend of
$900 was announced yesterday under
the terms of a bequest by Senator
James D. Phelan to bring about a
further development of native talent
in California in the fields of literature
and art.
Applicants for the fellowship, both
men and women, must be native born
citizens of California, and must be
between the ages of 20 and 30. Ap
plication forms may be obtained
from the office of the James D.
Phelan Award in Literature and Art,
319 Phelan Building, San Francisco.
The competition closes the 15th of
February, 1944.
Those competing must furnish the
names of three persons who have
knowledge of the field in which they
are working, and who are acquainted
with the applicant and his work. In
addition, applicants are required to
present specimens of their handi
work.
A fellowship for writers of fiction,
biography, historical narrative, and
verse narrative carrying a stipend of
$900 was announced yesterday under
the terms of a bequest by Senator
James D. Phelan to bring about a
further development of native talent
in California in the fields of literature
and art.
Applicants for the fellowship, both
men and women, must be native born
citizens of California, and must be
between the ages of 20 and 30. Ap
plication forms may be obtained
from the office of the James D.
Phelan Award in Literature and Art,
319 Phelan Building, San Francisco.
The competition closes the 15th of
February, 1944.
Those competing must furnish the
names of three persons who have
knowledge of the field in which they
are working, and who are acquainted
with the applicant and his work. In
addition, applicants are required to
present specimens of their handi
work.
A fellowship for writers of fiction,
biography, historical narrative, and
verse narrative carrying a stipend of
$900 was announced yesterday under
the terms of a bequest by Senator
James D. Phelan to bring about a
further development of native talent
in California in the fields of literature
and art.
Applicants for the fellowship, both
men and women, must be native born
citizens of California, and must be
between the ages of 20 and 30. Ap
plication forms may be obtained
from the office of the James D.
Phelan Award in Literature and Art,
319 Phelan Building, San Francisco.
The competition closes the 15th of
February, 1944.
Those competing must furnish the
names of three persons who have
knowledge of the field in which they
are working, and who are acquainted
with the applicant and his work. In
addition, applicants are required to
present specimens of their handi
work.
A fellowship for writers of fiction,
biography, historical narrative, and
verse narrative carrying a stipend of
$900 was announced yesterday under
the terms of a bequest by Senator
James D. Phelan to bring about a
further development of native talent
in California in the fields of literature
and art.
Applicants for the fellowship, both
men and women, must be native born
citizens of California, and must be
between the ages of 20 and 30. Ap
plication forms may be obtained
from the office of the James D.
Phelan Award in Literature and Art,
319 Phelan Building, San Francisco.
The competition closes the 15th of
February, 1944.
Those competing must furnish the
names of three persons who have
knowledge of the field in which they
are working, and who are acquainted
with the applicant and his work. In
addition, applicants are required to
present specimens of their handi
work.
A fellowship for writers of fiction,
biography, historical narrative, and
verse narrative carrying a stipend of
$900 was announced yesterday under
the terms of a bequest by Senator
James D. Phelan to bring about a
further development of native talent
in California in the fields of literature
and art.
Applicants for the fellowship, both
men and women, must be native born
citizens of California, and must be
between the ages of 20 and 30. Ap
plication forms may be obtained
from the office of the James D.
Phelan Award in Literature and Art,
319 Phelan Building, San Francisco.
The competition closes the 15th of
February, 1944.
Those competing must furnish the
names of three persons who have
knowledge of the field in which they
are working, and who are acquainted
with the applicant and his work. In
addition, applicants are required to
present specimens of their handi
work.
A fellowship for writers of fiction,
biography, historical narrative, and
verse narrative carrying a stipend of
$900 was announced yesterday under
the terms of a bequest by Senator
James D. Phelan to bring about a
further development of native talent
in California in the fields of literature
and art.
Applicants for the fellowship, both
men and women, must be native born
citizens of California, and must be
between the ages of 20 and 30. Ap
plication forms may be obtained
from the office of the James D.
Phelan Award in Literature and Art,
319 Phelan Building, San Francisco.
The competition closes the 15th of
February, 1944.
Those competing must furnish the
names of three persons who have
knowledge of the field in which they
are working, and who are acquainted
with the applicant and his work. In
addition, applicants are required to
present specimens of their handi
work.
A fellowship for writers of fiction,
biography, historical narrative, and
verse narrative carrying a stipend of
$900 was announced yesterday under
the terms of a bequest by Senator
James D. Phelan to bring about a
further development of native talent
in California in the fields of literature
and art.
Applicants for the fellowship, both
men and women, must be native born
citizens of California, and must be
between the ages of 20 and 30. Ap
plication forms may be obtained
from the office of the James D.
Phelan Award in Literature and Art,
319 Phelan Building, San Francisco.
The competition closes the 15th of
February, 1944.
Those competing must furnish the
names of three persons who have
knowledge of the field in which they
are working, and who are acquainted
with the applicant and his work. In
addition, applicants are required to
present specimens of their handi
work.
A fellowship for writers of fiction,
biography, historical narrative, and
verse narrative carrying a stipend of
$900 was announced yesterday under
the terms of a bequest by Senator
James D. Phelan to bring about a
further development of native talent
in California in the fields of literature
and art.
Applicants for the fellowship, both
men and women, must be native born
citizens of California, and must be
between the ages of 20 and 30. Ap
plication forms may be obtained
from the office of the James D.
Phelan Award in Literature and Art,
319 Phelan Building, San Francisco.
The competition closes the 15th of
February, 1944.
Those competing must furnish the
names of three persons who have
knowledge of the field in which they
are working, and who are acquainted
with the applicant and his work. In
addition, applicants are required to
present specimens of their handi
work.
A fellowship for writers of fiction,
biography, historical narrative, and
verse narrative carrying a stipend of
$900 was announced yesterday under
the terms of a bequest by Senator
James D. Phelan to bring about a
further development of native talent
in California in the fields of literature
and art.
Applicants for the fellowship, both
men and women, must be native born
citizens of California, and must be
between the ages of 20 and 30. Ap
plication forms may be obtained
from the office of the James D.
Phelan Award in Literature and Art,
319 Phelan Building, San Francisco.
The competition closes the 15th of
February, 1944.
Those competing must furnish the
names of three persons who have
knowledge of the field in which they
are working, and who are acquainted
with the applicant and his work. In
addition, applicants are required to
present specimens of their handi
work.
