# English Club Play Has Unique Action
## Melba Berry, '22, Takes Part of Old Degraded Drunkard 
### 
Mrs. Henderson gets most of the
"kick" out of "Rutherford & Son." Once
testing, then drinking—oh! what a glori
ous feeling. This is the case of Melba
Berry who has the part of Mrs. Hen
derson in that production. It is well
known that there is an art in putting
across the intoxication motif with
nothing stronger than grape juice to
drink.
In the life of Mrfe. Henderson three
things enter—her dignity, her son, and
her drink. Preservation of her dignity
she holds first, getting her son "iust
one more chance"; second and last, but
just as important is her drink, which
sustains her courage.
Rutherford has had his foreman, Mar
tin, discharge young Henderson for
stealing money from the factory. This
