# INFLUENZA RUMORS ARE EXAGGERATED
## 
### 
Rumors without foundation greatly
exaggerate the seriousness of the pres
ent influenza situation in Palo Alto,
according to a report from the city
health offices yesterday afternoon. Th«
story in street circulation for the pas*
couple of days that theaters are to ha
closed are without foundation, accord
ing to the health officer. The dane®
halls have been closed, but further
than that no action toward closing ha«
been taken.
Rumors without foundation greatly
exaggerate the seriousness of the pres
ent influenza situation in Palo Alto,
according to a report from the city
health offices yesterday afternoon. Th«
story in street circulation for the pas*
couple of days that theaters are to ha
closed are without foundation, accord
ing to the health officer. The dane®
halls have been closed, but further
than that no action toward closing ha«
been taken.
Rumors without foundation greatly
exaggerate the seriousness of the pres
ent influenza situation in Palo Alto,
according to a report from the city
health offices yesterday afternoon. Th«
story in street circulation for the pas*
couple of days that theaters are to ha
closed are without foundation, accord
ing to the health officer. The dane®
halls have been closed, but further
than that no action toward closing ha«
been taken.
Rumors without foundation greatly
exaggerate the seriousness of the pres
ent influenza situation in Palo Alto,
according to a report from the city
health offices yesterday afternoon. Th«
story in street circulation for the pas*
couple of days that theaters are to ha
closed are without foundation, accord
ing to the health officer. The dane®
halls have been closed, but further
than that no action toward closing ha«
been taken.
Rumors without foundation greatly
exaggerate the seriousness of the pres
ent influenza situation in Palo Alto,
according to a report from the city
health offices yesterday afternoon. Th«
story in street circulation for the pas*
couple of days that theaters are to ha
closed are without foundation, accord
ing to the health officer. The dane®
halls have been closed, but further
than that no action toward closing ha«
been taken.
Rumors without foundation greatly
exaggerate the seriousness of the pres
ent influenza situation in Palo Alto,
according to a report from the city
health offices yesterday afternoon. Th«
story in street circulation for the pas*
couple of days that theaters are to ha
closed are without foundation, accord
ing to the health officer. The dane®
halls have been closed, but further
than that no action toward closing ha«
been taken.
Rumors without foundation greatly
exaggerate the seriousness of the pres
ent influenza situation in Palo Alto,
according to a report from the city
health offices yesterday afternoon. Th«
story in street circulation for the pas*
couple of days that theaters are to ha
closed are without foundation, accord
ing to the health officer. The dane®
halls have been closed, but further
than that no action toward closing ha«
been taken.
Rumors without foundation greatly
exaggerate the seriousness of the pres
ent influenza situation in Palo Alto,
according to a report from the city
health offices yesterday afternoon. Th«
story in street circulation for the pas*
couple of days that theaters are to ha
closed are without foundation, accord
ing to the health officer. The dane®
halls have been closed, but further
than that no action toward closing ha«
been taken.
Rumors without foundation greatly
exaggerate the seriousness of the pres
ent influenza situation in Palo Alto,
according to a report from the city
health offices yesterday afternoon. Th«
story in street circulation for the pas*
couple of days that theaters are to ha
closed are without foundation, accord
ing to the health officer. The dane®
halls have been closed, but further
than that no action toward closing ha«
been taken.
Rumors without foundation greatly
exaggerate the seriousness of the pres
ent influenza situation in Palo Alto,
according to a report from the city
health offices yesterday afternoon. Th«
story in street circulation for the pas*
couple of days that theaters are to ha
closed are without foundation, accord
ing to the health officer. The dane®
halls have been closed, but further
than that no action toward closing ha«
been taken.
Rumors without foundation greatly
exaggerate the seriousness of the pres
ent influenza situation in Palo Alto,
according to a report from the city
health offices yesterday afternoon. Th«
story in street circulation for the pas*
couple of days that theaters are to ha
closed are without foundation, accord
ing to the health officer. The dane®
halls have been closed, but further
than that no action toward closing ha«
been taken.
Rumors without foundation greatly
exaggerate the seriousness of the pres
ent influenza situation in Palo Alto,
according to a report from the city
health offices yesterday afternoon. Th«
story in street circulation for the pas*
couple of days that theaters are to ha
closed are without foundation, accord
ing to the health officer. The dane®
halls have been closed, but further
than that no action toward closing ha«
been taken.
