# Talks Scheduled On Renaissance
## 
### 
Paul Oskar Kristeller, professor
of philosophy at Columbia Uni
versity, will discuss "Philosophi
cal Thinkers ol the Renaissance"
in three special lectures this
week.
The first, on Petrarch, will be
at 4:15 today in Room 268, Engi
neering Corner.
Kristeller, who lias written sev
eral books and articles on classi
cal and Renaissance thought, was
president of tlu 1 Renaissance So
city of America last year.
fie was born in Berlin and edu
cated in European universities.
He has been a member of the
Columbia faculty since H)3fl.
Kristeller will discuss Valla on
Wednesday and Ficino on Thurs
day. All talks will be at 4:15 p.m.
in Room 268, Engineering Cor
ner.
Paul Oskar Kristeller, professor
of philosophy at Columbia Uni
versity, will discuss "Philosophi
cal Thinkers ol the Renaissance"
in three special lectures this
week.
The first, on Petrarch, will be
at 4:15 today in Room 268, Engi
neering Corner.
Kristeller, who lias written sev
eral books and articles on classi
cal and Renaissance thought, was
president of tlu 1 Renaissance So
city of America last year.
fie was born in Berlin and edu
cated in European universities.
He has been a member of the
Columbia faculty since H)3fl.
Kristeller will discuss Valla on
Wednesday and Ficino on Thurs
day. All talks will be at 4:15 p.m.
in Room 268, Engineering Cor
ner.
Paul Oskar Kristeller, professor
of philosophy at Columbia Uni
versity, will discuss "Philosophi
cal Thinkers ol the Renaissance"
in three special lectures this
week.
The first, on Petrarch, will be
at 4:15 today in Room 268, Engi
neering Corner.
Kristeller, who lias written sev
eral books and articles on classi
cal and Renaissance thought, was
president of tlu 1 Renaissance So
city of America last year.
fie was born in Berlin and edu
cated in European universities.
He has been a member of the
Columbia faculty since H)3fl.
Kristeller will discuss Valla on
Wednesday and Ficino on Thurs
day. All talks will be at 4:15 p.m.
in Room 268, Engineering Cor
ner.
Paul Oskar Kristeller, professor
of philosophy at Columbia Uni
versity, will discuss "Philosophi
cal Thinkers ol the Renaissance"
in three special lectures this
week.
The first, on Petrarch, will be
at 4:15 today in Room 268, Engi
neering Corner.
Kristeller, who lias written sev
eral books and articles on classi
cal and Renaissance thought, was
president of tlu 1 Renaissance So
city of America last year.
fie was born in Berlin and edu
cated in European universities.
He has been a member of the
Columbia faculty since H)3fl.
Kristeller will discuss Valla on
Wednesday and Ficino on Thurs
day. All talks will be at 4:15 p.m.
in Room 268, Engineering Cor
ner.
Paul Oskar Kristeller, professor
of philosophy at Columbia Uni
versity, will discuss "Philosophi
cal Thinkers ol the Renaissance"
in three special lectures this
week.
The first, on Petrarch, will be
at 4:15 today in Room 268, Engi
neering Corner.
Kristeller, who lias written sev
eral books and articles on classi
cal and Renaissance thought, was
president of tlu 1 Renaissance So
city of America last year.
fie was born in Berlin and edu
cated in European universities.
He has been a member of the
Columbia faculty since H)3fl.
Kristeller will discuss Valla on
Wednesday and Ficino on Thurs
day. All talks will be at 4:15 p.m.
in Room 268, Engineering Cor
ner.
Paul Oskar Kristeller, professor
of philosophy at Columbia Uni
versity, will discuss "Philosophi
cal Thinkers ol the Renaissance"
in three special lectures this
week.
The first, on Petrarch, will be
at 4:15 today in Room 268, Engi
neering Corner.
Kristeller, who lias written sev
eral books and articles on classi
cal and Renaissance thought, was
president of tlu 1 Renaissance So
city of America last year.
fie was born in Berlin and edu
cated in European universities.
He has been a member of the
Columbia faculty since H)3fl.
Kristeller will discuss Valla on
Wednesday and Ficino on Thurs
day. All talks will be at 4:15 p.m.
in Room 268, Engineering Cor
ner.
Paul Oskar Kristeller, professor
of philosophy at Columbia Uni
versity, will discuss "Philosophi
cal Thinkers ol the Renaissance"
in three special lectures this
week.
The first, on Petrarch, will be
at 4:15 today in Room 268, Engi
neering Corner.
Kristeller, who lias written sev
eral books and articles on classi
cal and Renaissance thought, was
president of tlu 1 Renaissance So
city of America last year.
fie was born in Berlin and edu
cated in European universities.
He has been a member of the
Columbia faculty since H)3fl.
Kristeller will discuss Valla on
Wednesday and Ficino on Thurs
day. All talks will be at 4:15 p.m.
in Room 268, Engineering Cor
ner.
Paul Oskar Kristeller, professor
of philosophy at Columbia Uni
versity, will discuss "Philosophi
cal Thinkers ol the Renaissance"
in three special lectures this
week.
The first, on Petrarch, will be
at 4:15 today in Room 268, Engi
neering Corner.
Kristeller, who lias written sev
eral books and articles on classi
cal and Renaissance thought, was
president of tlu 1 Renaissance So
city of America last year.
fie was born in Berlin and edu
cated in European universities.
He has been a member of the
Columbia faculty since H)3fl.
Kristeller will discuss Valla on
Wednesday and Ficino on Thurs
day. All talks will be at 4:15 p.m.
in Room 268, Engineering Cor
ner.
Paul Oskar Kristeller, professor
of philosophy at Columbia Uni
versity, will discuss "Philosophi
cal Thinkers ol the Renaissance"
in three special lectures this
week.
The first, on Petrarch, will be
at 4:15 today in Room 268, Engi
neering Corner.
Kristeller, who lias written sev
eral books and articles on classi
cal and Renaissance thought, was
president of tlu 1 Renaissance So
city of America last year.
fie was born in Berlin and edu
cated in European universities.
He has been a member of the
Columbia faculty since H)3fl.
Kristeller will discuss Valla on
Wednesday and Ficino on Thurs
day. All talks will be at 4:15 p.m.
in Room 268, Engineering Cor
ner.
Paul Oskar Kristeller, professor
of philosophy at Columbia Uni
versity, will discuss "Philosophi
cal Thinkers ol the Renaissance"
in three special lectures this
week.
The first, on Petrarch, will be
at 4:15 today in Room 268, Engi
neering Corner.
Kristeller, who lias written sev
eral books and articles on classi
cal and Renaissance thought, was
president of tlu 1 Renaissance So
city of America last year.
fie was born in Berlin and edu
cated in European universities.
He has been a member of the
Columbia faculty since H)3fl.
Kristeller will discuss Valla on
Wednesday and Ficino on Thurs
day. All talks will be at 4:15 p.m.
in Room 268, Engineering Cor
ner.
Paul Oskar Kristeller, professor
of philosophy at Columbia Uni
versity, will discuss "Philosophi
cal Thinkers ol the Renaissance"
in three special lectures this
week.
The first, on Petrarch, will be
at 4:15 today in Room 268, Engi
neering Corner.
Kristeller, who lias written sev
eral books and articles on classi
cal and Renaissance thought, was
president of tlu 1 Renaissance So
city of America last year.
fie was born in Berlin and edu
cated in European universities.
He has been a member of the
Columbia faculty since H)3fl.
Kristeller will discuss Valla on
Wednesday and Ficino on Thurs
day. All talks will be at 4:15 p.m.
in Room 268, Engineering Cor
ner.
Paul Oskar Kristeller, professor
of philosophy at Columbia Uni
versity, will discuss "Philosophi
cal Thinkers ol the Renaissance"
in three special lectures this
week.
The first, on Petrarch, will be
at 4:15 today in Room 268, Engi
neering Corner.
Kristeller, who lias written sev
eral books and articles on classi
cal and Renaissance thought, was
president of tlu 1 Renaissance So
city of America last year.
fie was born in Berlin and edu
cated in European universities.
He has been a member of the
Columbia faculty since H)3fl.
Kristeller will discuss Valla on
Wednesday and Ficino on Thurs
day. All talks will be at 4:15 p.m.
in Room 268, Engineering Cor
ner.
Paul Oskar Kristeller, professor
of philosophy at Columbia Uni
versity, will discuss "Philosophi
cal Thinkers ol the Renaissance"
in three special lectures this
week.
The first, on Petrarch, will be
at 4:15 today in Room 268, Engi
neering Corner.
Kristeller, who lias written sev
eral books and articles on classi
cal and Renaissance thought, was
president of tlu 1 Renaissance So
city of America last year.
fie was born in Berlin and edu
cated in European universities.
He has been a member of the
Columbia faculty since H)3fl.
Kristeller will discuss Valla on
Wednesday and Ficino on Thurs
day. All talks will be at 4:15 p.m.
in Room 268, Engineering Cor
ner.
Paul Oskar Kristeller, professor
of philosophy at Columbia Uni
versity, will discuss "Philosophi
cal Thinkers ol the Renaissance"
in three special lectures this
week.
The first, on Petrarch, will be
at 4:15 today in Room 268, Engi
neering Corner.
Kristeller, who lias written sev
eral books and articles on classi
cal and Renaissance thought, was
president of tlu 1 Renaissance So
city of America last year.
fie was born in Berlin and edu
cated in European universities.
He has been a member of the
Columbia faculty since H)3fl.
Kristeller will discuss Valla on
Wednesday and Ficino on Thurs
day. All talks will be at 4:15 p.m.
in Room 268, Engineering Cor
ner.
Paul Oskar Kristeller, professor
of philosophy at Columbia Uni
versity, will discuss "Philosophi
cal Thinkers ol the Renaissance"
in three special lectures this
week.
The first, on Petrarch, will be
at 4:15 today in Room 268, Engi
neering Corner.
Kristeller, who lias written sev
eral books and articles on classi
cal and Renaissance thought, was
president of tlu 1 Renaissance So
city of America last year.
fie was born in Berlin and edu
cated in European universities.
He has been a member of the
Columbia faculty since H)3fl.
Kristeller will discuss Valla on
Wednesday and Ficino on Thurs
day. All talks will be at 4:15 p.m.
in Room 268, Engineering Cor
ner.
Paul Oskar Kristeller, professor
of philosophy at Columbia Uni
versity, will discuss "Philosophi
cal Thinkers ol the Renaissance"
in three special lectures this
week.
The first, on Petrarch, will be
at 4:15 today in Room 268, Engi
neering Corner.
Kristeller, who lias written sev
eral books and articles on classi
cal and Renaissance thought, was
president of tlu 1 Renaissance So
city of America last year.
fie was born in Berlin and edu
cated in European universities.
He has been a member of the
Columbia faculty since H)3fl.
Kristeller will discuss Valla on
Wednesday and Ficino on Thurs
day. All talks will be at 4:15 p.m.
in Room 268, Engineering Cor
ner.
