# FAISAN HOUSE
## 
### 
Faisan House, Florence Moore
officers: Carolee Houser, presi
dent; Barrie Bruce, vice-presi
man; Mary Richardson, treasur
dent; Linda Solter, secretary
treasurer; Sally Brannon, Com
mittee of Eight representative.
Faisan House, Florence Moore
officers: Carolee Houser, presi
dent; Barrie Bruce, vice-presi
man; Mary Richardson, treasur
dent; Linda Solter, secretary
treasurer; Sally Brannon, Com
mittee of Eight representative.
Faisan House, Florence Moore
officers: Carolee Houser, presi
dent; Barrie Bruce, vice-presi
man; Mary Richardson, treasur
dent; Linda Solter, secretary
treasurer; Sally Brannon, Com
mittee of Eight representative.
Faisan House, Florence Moore
officers: Carolee Houser, presi
dent; Barrie Bruce, vice-presi
man; Mary Richardson, treasur
dent; Linda Solter, secretary
treasurer; Sally Brannon, Com
mittee of Eight representative.
Faisan House, Florence Moore
officers: Carolee Houser, presi
dent; Barrie Bruce, vice-presi
man; Mary Richardson, treasur
dent; Linda Solter, secretary
treasurer; Sally Brannon, Com
mittee of Eight representative.
Faisan House, Florence Moore
officers: Carolee Houser, presi
dent; Barrie Bruce, vice-presi
man; Mary Richardson, treasur
dent; Linda Solter, secretary
treasurer; Sally Brannon, Com
mittee of Eight representative.
Faisan House, Florence Moore
officers: Carolee Houser, presi
dent; Barrie Bruce, vice-presi
man; Mary Richardson, treasur
dent; Linda Solter, secretary
treasurer; Sally Brannon, Com
mittee of Eight representative.
Faisan House, Florence Moore
officers: Carolee Houser, presi
dent; Barrie Bruce, vice-presi
man; Mary Richardson, treasur
dent; Linda Solter, secretary
treasurer; Sally Brannon, Com
mittee of Eight representative.
Faisan House, Florence Moore
officers: Carolee Houser, presi
dent; Barrie Bruce, vice-presi
man; Mary Richardson, treasur
dent; Linda Solter, secretary
treasurer; Sally Brannon, Com
mittee of Eight representative.
Faisan House, Florence Moore
officers: Carolee Houser, presi
dent; Barrie Bruce, vice-presi
man; Mary Richardson, treasur
dent; Linda Solter, secretary
treasurer; Sally Brannon, Com
mittee of Eight representative.
Faisan House, Florence Moore
officers: Carolee Houser, presi
dent; Barrie Bruce, vice-presi
man; Mary Richardson, treasur
dent; Linda Solter, secretary
treasurer; Sally Brannon, Com
mittee of Eight representative.
Faisan House, Florence Moore
officers: Carolee Houser, presi
dent; Barrie Bruce, vice-presi
man; Mary Richardson, treasur
dent; Linda Solter, secretary
treasurer; Sally Brannon, Com
mittee of Eight representative.
Faisan House, Florence Moore
officers: Carolee Houser, presi
dent; Barrie Bruce, vice-presi
man; Mary Richardson, treasur
dent; Linda Solter, secretary
treasurer; Sally Brannon, Com
mittee of Eight representative.
Faisan House, Florence Moore
officers: Carolee Houser, presi
dent; Barrie Bruce, vice-presi
man; Mary Richardson, treasur
dent; Linda Solter, secretary
treasurer; Sally Brannon, Com
mittee of Eight representative.
Faisan House, Florence Moore
officers: Carolee Houser, presi
dent; Barrie Bruce, vice-presi
man; Mary Richardson, treasur
dent; Linda Solter, secretary
treasurer; Sally Brannon, Com
mittee of Eight representative.
Faisan House, Florence Moore
officers: Carolee Houser, presi
dent; Barrie Bruce, vice-presi
man; Mary Richardson, treasur
dent; Linda Solter, secretary
treasurer; Sally Brannon, Com
mittee of Eight representative.
