# Bridge Tourney To Be Held Here
## 
### 
Stanford bridge addicts will go
into action in the National Inter
collegiate Bridge Tournament ten
tatively set for tomorrow.
Novices may participate, and,
according to co - ordinator Don
Krauss, partners will be arranged
if singles wish to enter Anyone
interested should contact Kraut .
as soon as possible at Delta Cht
fraternity by calling DA 3-8914
Hands played at Stanford will
be duplicated and played all over
the nation for a national cham
pionship.
Stanford bridge addicts will go
into action in the National Inter
collegiate Bridge Tournament ten
tatively set for tomorrow.
Novices may participate, and,
according to co - ordinator Don
Krauss, partners will be arranged
if singles wish to enter Anyone
interested should contact Kraut .
as soon as possible at Delta Cht
fraternity by calling DA 3-8914
Hands played at Stanford will
be duplicated and played all over
the nation for a national cham
pionship.
Stanford bridge addicts will go
into action in the National Inter
collegiate Bridge Tournament ten
tatively set for tomorrow.
Novices may participate, and,
according to co - ordinator Don
Krauss, partners will be arranged
if singles wish to enter Anyone
interested should contact Kraut .
as soon as possible at Delta Cht
fraternity by calling DA 3-8914
Hands played at Stanford will
be duplicated and played all over
the nation for a national cham
pionship.
Stanford bridge addicts will go
into action in the National Inter
collegiate Bridge Tournament ten
tatively set for tomorrow.
Novices may participate, and,
according to co - ordinator Don
Krauss, partners will be arranged
if singles wish to enter Anyone
interested should contact Kraut .
as soon as possible at Delta Cht
fraternity by calling DA 3-8914
Hands played at Stanford will
be duplicated and played all over
the nation for a national cham
pionship.
Stanford bridge addicts will go
into action in the National Inter
collegiate Bridge Tournament ten
tatively set for tomorrow.
Novices may participate, and,
according to co - ordinator Don
Krauss, partners will be arranged
if singles wish to enter Anyone
interested should contact Kraut .
as soon as possible at Delta Cht
fraternity by calling DA 3-8914
Hands played at Stanford will
be duplicated and played all over
the nation for a national cham
pionship.
Stanford bridge addicts will go
into action in the National Inter
collegiate Bridge Tournament ten
tatively set for tomorrow.
Novices may participate, and,
according to co - ordinator Don
Krauss, partners will be arranged
if singles wish to enter Anyone
interested should contact Kraut .
as soon as possible at Delta Cht
fraternity by calling DA 3-8914
Hands played at Stanford will
be duplicated and played all over
the nation for a national cham
pionship.
Stanford bridge addicts will go
into action in the National Inter
collegiate Bridge Tournament ten
tatively set for tomorrow.
Novices may participate, and,
according to co - ordinator Don
Krauss, partners will be arranged
if singles wish to enter Anyone
interested should contact Kraut .
as soon as possible at Delta Cht
fraternity by calling DA 3-8914
Hands played at Stanford will
be duplicated and played all over
the nation for a national cham
pionship.
Stanford bridge addicts will go
into action in the National Inter
collegiate Bridge Tournament ten
tatively set for tomorrow.
Novices may participate, and,
according to co - ordinator Don
Krauss, partners will be arranged
if singles wish to enter Anyone
interested should contact Kraut .
as soon as possible at Delta Cht
fraternity by calling DA 3-8914
Hands played at Stanford will
be duplicated and played all over
the nation for a national cham
pionship.
Stanford bridge addicts will go
into action in the National Inter
collegiate Bridge Tournament ten
tatively set for tomorrow.
Novices may participate, and,
according to co - ordinator Don
Krauss, partners will be arranged
if singles wish to enter Anyone
interested should contact Kraut .
as soon as possible at Delta Cht
fraternity by calling DA 3-8914
Hands played at Stanford will
be duplicated and played all over
the nation for a national cham
pionship.
Stanford bridge addicts will go
into action in the National Inter
collegiate Bridge Tournament ten
tatively set for tomorrow.
Novices may participate, and,
according to co - ordinator Don
Krauss, partners will be arranged
if singles wish to enter Anyone
interested should contact Kraut .
as soon as possible at Delta Cht
fraternity by calling DA 3-8914
Hands played at Stanford will
be duplicated and played all over
the nation for a national cham
pionship.
Stanford bridge addicts will go
into action in the National Inter
collegiate Bridge Tournament ten
tatively set for tomorrow.
Novices may participate, and,
according to co - ordinator Don
Krauss, partners will be arranged
if singles wish to enter Anyone
interested should contact Kraut .
as soon as possible at Delta Cht
fraternity by calling DA 3-8914
Hands played at Stanford will
be duplicated and played all over
the nation for a national cham
pionship.
Stanford bridge addicts will go
into action in the National Inter
collegiate Bridge Tournament ten
tatively set for tomorrow.
Novices may participate, and,
according to co - ordinator Don
Krauss, partners will be arranged
if singles wish to enter Anyone
interested should contact Kraut .
as soon as possible at Delta Cht
fraternity by calling DA 3-8914
Hands played at Stanford will
be duplicated and played all over
the nation for a national cham
pionship.
Stanford bridge addicts will go
into action in the National Inter
collegiate Bridge Tournament ten
tatively set for tomorrow.
Novices may participate, and,
according to co - ordinator Don
Krauss, partners will be arranged
if singles wish to enter Anyone
interested should contact Kraut .
as soon as possible at Delta Cht
fraternity by calling DA 3-8914
Hands played at Stanford will
be duplicated and played all over
the nation for a national cham
pionship.
Stanford bridge addicts will go
into action in the National Inter
collegiate Bridge Tournament ten
tatively set for tomorrow.
Novices may participate, and,
according to co - ordinator Don
Krauss, partners will be arranged
if singles wish to enter Anyone
interested should contact Kraut .
as soon as possible at Delta Cht
fraternity by calling DA 3-8914
Hands played at Stanford will
be duplicated and played all over
the nation for a national cham
pionship.
Stanford bridge addicts will go
into action in the National Inter
collegiate Bridge Tournament ten
tatively set for tomorrow.
Novices may participate, and,
according to co - ordinator Don
Krauss, partners will be arranged
if singles wish to enter Anyone
interested should contact Kraut .
as soon as possible at Delta Cht
fraternity by calling DA 3-8914
Hands played at Stanford will
be duplicated and played all over
the nation for a national cham
pionship.
Stanford bridge addicts will go
into action in the National Inter
collegiate Bridge Tournament ten
tatively set for tomorrow.
Novices may participate, and,
according to co - ordinator Don
Krauss, partners will be arranged
if singles wish to enter Anyone
interested should contact Kraut .
as soon as possible at Delta Cht
fraternity by calling DA 3-8914
Hands played at Stanford will
be duplicated and played all over
the nation for a national cham
pionship.
