# Student Body Meeting.
## 
### 
There will be a meeting of the
Associated Students Thursday at
1:80 p.m. in the chapel to act on
the report of the committee of
fifteen and to determine the rela
tion of the musical organizations.
11. I). Sheldon.
There will be a meeting of the
Associated Students Thursday at
1:80 p.m. in the chapel to act on
the report of the committee of
fifteen and to determine the rela
tion of the musical organizations.
11. I). Sheldon.
There will be a meeting of the
Associated Students Thursday at
1:80 p.m. in the chapel to act on
the report of the committee of
fifteen and to determine the rela
tion of the musical organizations.
11. I). Sheldon.
There will be a meeting of the
Associated Students Thursday at
1:80 p.m. in the chapel to act on
the report of the committee of
fifteen and to determine the rela
tion of the musical organizations.
11. I). Sheldon.
