# BABY BARELY MISSED BY BOMB
## 
### 

EOUR-MONTHS-OLD Peter Miller was lying in his crib in a London
bomb shelter when a German explosive buckled the shelter and
broke the crib.

EOUR-MONTHS-OLD Peter Miller was lying in his crib in a London
bomb shelter when a German explosive buckled the shelter and
broke the crib.

EOUR-MONTHS-OLD Peter Miller was lying in his crib in a London
bomb shelter when a German explosive buckled the shelter and
broke the crib.

EOUR-MONTHS-OLD Peter Miller was lying in his crib in a London
bomb shelter when a German explosive buckled the shelter and
broke the crib.

EOUR-MONTHS-OLD Peter Miller was lying in his crib in a London
bomb shelter when a German explosive buckled the shelter and
broke the crib.

EOUR-MONTHS-OLD Peter Miller was lying in his crib in a London
bomb shelter when a German explosive buckled the shelter and
broke the crib.

EOUR-MONTHS-OLD Peter Miller was lying in his crib in a London
bomb shelter when a German explosive buckled the shelter and
broke the crib.

EOUR-MONTHS-OLD Peter Miller was lying in his crib in a London
bomb shelter when a German explosive buckled the shelter and
broke the crib.

EOUR-MONTHS-OLD Peter Miller was lying in his crib in a London
bomb shelter when a German explosive buckled the shelter and
broke the crib.

EOUR-MONTHS-OLD Peter Miller was lying in his crib in a London
bomb shelter when a German explosive buckled the shelter and
broke the crib.

EOUR-MONTHS-OLD Peter Miller was lying in his crib in a London
bomb shelter when a German explosive buckled the shelter and
broke the crib.

EOUR-MONTHS-OLD Peter Miller was lying in his crib in a London
bomb shelter when a German explosive buckled the shelter and
broke the crib.

EOUR-MONTHS-OLD Peter Miller was lying in his crib in a London
bomb shelter when a German explosive buckled the shelter and
broke the crib.

EOUR-MONTHS-OLD Peter Miller was lying in his crib in a London
bomb shelter when a German explosive buckled the shelter and
broke the crib.

EOUR-MONTHS-OLD Peter Miller was lying in his crib in a London
bomb shelter when a German explosive buckled the shelter and
broke the crib.

EOUR-MONTHS-OLD Peter Miller was lying in his crib in a London
bomb shelter when a German explosive buckled the shelter and
broke the crib.

EOUR-MONTHS-OLD Peter Miller was lying in his crib in a London
bomb shelter when a German explosive buckled the shelter and
broke the crib.
