# Candy Bar Diet Fails Stowaways
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 10 (UP).
—Lawrence Coombs, 15, of Bandon,
Ore., who tried to go around the
world on $5, was returned here from
Hawaii today aboard the Army
transport Republic.
Coombs, with Clyde Carr, 17.
Wenatchee, Wash,, stowed away in a
lifeboat aboard the S. S. Mariposa.
After living on candy bars for three
days, they gave themselves up and
were placed in custody of federal
authorities in Honolulu.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 10 (UP).
—Lawrence Coombs, 15, of Bandon,
Ore., who tried to go around the
world on $5, was returned here from
Hawaii today aboard the Army
transport Republic.
Coombs, with Clyde Carr, 17.
Wenatchee, Wash,, stowed away in a
lifeboat aboard the S. S. Mariposa.
After living on candy bars for three
days, they gave themselves up and
were placed in custody of federal
authorities in Honolulu.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 10 (UP).
—Lawrence Coombs, 15, of Bandon,
Ore., who tried to go around the
world on $5, was returned here from
Hawaii today aboard the Army
transport Republic.
Coombs, with Clyde Carr, 17.
Wenatchee, Wash,, stowed away in a
lifeboat aboard the S. S. Mariposa.
After living on candy bars for three
days, they gave themselves up and
were placed in custody of federal
authorities in Honolulu.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 10 (UP).
—Lawrence Coombs, 15, of Bandon,
Ore., who tried to go around the
world on $5, was returned here from
Hawaii today aboard the Army
transport Republic.
Coombs, with Clyde Carr, 17.
Wenatchee, Wash,, stowed away in a
lifeboat aboard the S. S. Mariposa.
After living on candy bars for three
days, they gave themselves up and
were placed in custody of federal
authorities in Honolulu.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 10 (UP).
—Lawrence Coombs, 15, of Bandon,
Ore., who tried to go around the
world on $5, was returned here from
Hawaii today aboard the Army
transport Republic.
Coombs, with Clyde Carr, 17.
Wenatchee, Wash,, stowed away in a
lifeboat aboard the S. S. Mariposa.
After living on candy bars for three
days, they gave themselves up and
were placed in custody of federal
authorities in Honolulu.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 10 (UP).
—Lawrence Coombs, 15, of Bandon,
Ore., who tried to go around the
world on $5, was returned here from
Hawaii today aboard the Army
transport Republic.
Coombs, with Clyde Carr, 17.
Wenatchee, Wash,, stowed away in a
lifeboat aboard the S. S. Mariposa.
After living on candy bars for three
days, they gave themselves up and
were placed in custody of federal
authorities in Honolulu.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 10 (UP).
—Lawrence Coombs, 15, of Bandon,
Ore., who tried to go around the
world on $5, was returned here from
Hawaii today aboard the Army
transport Republic.
Coombs, with Clyde Carr, 17.
Wenatchee, Wash,, stowed away in a
lifeboat aboard the S. S. Mariposa.
After living on candy bars for three
days, they gave themselves up and
were placed in custody of federal
authorities in Honolulu.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 10 (UP).
—Lawrence Coombs, 15, of Bandon,
Ore., who tried to go around the
world on $5, was returned here from
Hawaii today aboard the Army
transport Republic.
Coombs, with Clyde Carr, 17.
Wenatchee, Wash,, stowed away in a
lifeboat aboard the S. S. Mariposa.
After living on candy bars for three
days, they gave themselves up and
were placed in custody of federal
authorities in Honolulu.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 10 (UP).
—Lawrence Coombs, 15, of Bandon,
Ore., who tried to go around the
world on $5, was returned here from
Hawaii today aboard the Army
transport Republic.
Coombs, with Clyde Carr, 17.
Wenatchee, Wash,, stowed away in a
lifeboat aboard the S. S. Mariposa.
After living on candy bars for three
days, they gave themselves up and
were placed in custody of federal
authorities in Honolulu.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 10 (UP).
—Lawrence Coombs, 15, of Bandon,
Ore., who tried to go around the
world on $5, was returned here from
Hawaii today aboard the Army
transport Republic.
Coombs, with Clyde Carr, 17.
Wenatchee, Wash,, stowed away in a
lifeboat aboard the S. S. Mariposa.
After living on candy bars for three
days, they gave themselves up and
were placed in custody of federal
authorities in Honolulu.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 10 (UP).
—Lawrence Coombs, 15, of Bandon,
Ore., who tried to go around the
world on $5, was returned here from
Hawaii today aboard the Army
transport Republic.
Coombs, with Clyde Carr, 17.
Wenatchee, Wash,, stowed away in a
lifeboat aboard the S. S. Mariposa.
After living on candy bars for three
days, they gave themselves up and
were placed in custody of federal
authorities in Honolulu.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 10 (UP).
—Lawrence Coombs, 15, of Bandon,
Ore., who tried to go around the
world on $5, was returned here from
Hawaii today aboard the Army
transport Republic.
Coombs, with Clyde Carr, 17.
Wenatchee, Wash,, stowed away in a
lifeboat aboard the S. S. Mariposa.
After living on candy bars for three
days, they gave themselves up and
were placed in custody of federal
authorities in Honolulu.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 10 (UP).
—Lawrence Coombs, 15, of Bandon,
Ore., who tried to go around the
world on $5, was returned here from
Hawaii today aboard the Army
transport Republic.
Coombs, with Clyde Carr, 17.
Wenatchee, Wash,, stowed away in a
lifeboat aboard the S. S. Mariposa.
After living on candy bars for three
days, they gave themselves up and
were placed in custody of federal
authorities in Honolulu.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 10 (UP).
—Lawrence Coombs, 15, of Bandon,
Ore., who tried to go around the
world on $5, was returned here from
Hawaii today aboard the Army
transport Republic.
Coombs, with Clyde Carr, 17.
Wenatchee, Wash,, stowed away in a
lifeboat aboard the S. S. Mariposa.
After living on candy bars for three
days, they gave themselves up and
were placed in custody of federal
authorities in Honolulu.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 10 (UP).
—Lawrence Coombs, 15, of Bandon,
Ore., who tried to go around the
world on $5, was returned here from
Hawaii today aboard the Army
transport Republic.
Coombs, with Clyde Carr, 17.
Wenatchee, Wash,, stowed away in a
lifeboat aboard the S. S. Mariposa.
After living on candy bars for three
days, they gave themselves up and
were placed in custody of federal
authorities in Honolulu.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 10 (UP).
—Lawrence Coombs, 15, of Bandon,
Ore., who tried to go around the
world on $5, was returned here from
Hawaii today aboard the Army
transport Republic.
Coombs, with Clyde Carr, 17.
Wenatchee, Wash,, stowed away in a
lifeboat aboard the S. S. Mariposa.
After living on candy bars for three
days, they gave themselves up and
were placed in custody of federal
authorities in Honolulu.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 10 (UP).
—Lawrence Coombs, 15, of Bandon,
Ore., who tried to go around the
world on $5, was returned here from
Hawaii today aboard the Army
transport Republic.
Coombs, with Clyde Carr, 17.
Wenatchee, Wash,, stowed away in a
lifeboat aboard the S. S. Mariposa.
After living on candy bars for three
days, they gave themselves up and
were placed in custody of federal
authorities in Honolulu.
