# YWCA Groups To Attend Asilomar
## 
### 
An Asilomar Conference commit
tee meeting will be held at Duve
neck's "Hidden Villa" ranch this
week-end, to be attended by repre
sentatives from all Northern Cali- |
fornia chapters of the Y.W.CA.
Stanford representatives will be j
Bessie Paulson, secretary of the i
campus "Y," and Frances Dekker, i
national representative on the cabi- i
net.
Mrs. Marion Brown Reith, national j
student secretary of the Y.W.CA.. j
met yesterday with cabinet mem
bers of the local chapter to tell of
plans of national student interest.
She was entertained at the "Y" by
leaders of the group and showed
great interest in the work being
carried on here.
In addition to Mrs. Reith and the
student representatives from Stan
ford, the conference will also be
attended by Mrs. Harry Rathbone, i
faculty adviser.
An Asilomar Conference commit
tee meeting will be held at Duve
neck's "Hidden Villa" ranch this
week-end, to be attended by repre
sentatives from all Northern Cali- |
fornia chapters of the Y.W.CA.
Stanford representatives will be j
Bessie Paulson, secretary of the i
campus "Y," and Frances Dekker, i
national representative on the cabi- i
net.
Mrs. Marion Brown Reith, national j
student secretary of the Y.W.CA.. j
met yesterday with cabinet mem
bers of the local chapter to tell of
plans of national student interest.
She was entertained at the "Y" by
leaders of the group and showed
great interest in the work being
carried on here.
In addition to Mrs. Reith and the
student representatives from Stan
ford, the conference will also be
attended by Mrs. Harry Rathbone, i
faculty adviser.
An Asilomar Conference commit
tee meeting will be held at Duve
neck's "Hidden Villa" ranch this
week-end, to be attended by repre
sentatives from all Northern Cali- |
fornia chapters of the Y.W.CA.
Stanford representatives will be j
Bessie Paulson, secretary of the i
campus "Y," and Frances Dekker, i
national representative on the cabi- i
net.
Mrs. Marion Brown Reith, national j
student secretary of the Y.W.CA.. j
met yesterday with cabinet mem
bers of the local chapter to tell of
plans of national student interest.
She was entertained at the "Y" by
leaders of the group and showed
great interest in the work being
carried on here.
In addition to Mrs. Reith and the
student representatives from Stan
ford, the conference will also be
attended by Mrs. Harry Rathbone, i
faculty adviser.
An Asilomar Conference commit
tee meeting will be held at Duve
neck's "Hidden Villa" ranch this
week-end, to be attended by repre
sentatives from all Northern Cali- |
fornia chapters of the Y.W.CA.
Stanford representatives will be j
Bessie Paulson, secretary of the i
campus "Y," and Frances Dekker, i
national representative on the cabi- i
net.
Mrs. Marion Brown Reith, national j
student secretary of the Y.W.CA.. j
met yesterday with cabinet mem
bers of the local chapter to tell of
plans of national student interest.
She was entertained at the "Y" by
leaders of the group and showed
great interest in the work being
carried on here.
In addition to Mrs. Reith and the
student representatives from Stan
ford, the conference will also be
attended by Mrs. Harry Rathbone, i
faculty adviser.
An Asilomar Conference commit
tee meeting will be held at Duve
neck's "Hidden Villa" ranch this
week-end, to be attended by repre
sentatives from all Northern Cali- |
fornia chapters of the Y.W.CA.
Stanford representatives will be j
Bessie Paulson, secretary of the i
campus "Y," and Frances Dekker, i
national representative on the cabi- i
net.
Mrs. Marion Brown Reith, national j
student secretary of the Y.W.CA.. j
met yesterday with cabinet mem
bers of the local chapter to tell of
plans of national student interest.
She was entertained at the "Y" by
leaders of the group and showed
great interest in the work being
carried on here.
In addition to Mrs. Reith and the
student representatives from Stan
ford, the conference will also be
attended by Mrs. Harry Rathbone, i
faculty adviser.
An Asilomar Conference commit
tee meeting will be held at Duve
neck's "Hidden Villa" ranch this
week-end, to be attended by repre
sentatives from all Northern Cali- |
fornia chapters of the Y.W.CA.
Stanford representatives will be j
Bessie Paulson, secretary of the i
campus "Y," and Frances Dekker, i
national representative on the cabi- i
net.
Mrs. Marion Brown Reith, national j
student secretary of the Y.W.CA.. j
met yesterday with cabinet mem
bers of the local chapter to tell of
plans of national student interest.
She was entertained at the "Y" by
leaders of the group and showed
great interest in the work being
carried on here.
In addition to Mrs. Reith and the
student representatives from Stan
ford, the conference will also be
attended by Mrs. Harry Rathbone, i
faculty adviser.
An Asilomar Conference commit
tee meeting will be held at Duve
neck's "Hidden Villa" ranch this
week-end, to be attended by repre
sentatives from all Northern Cali- |
fornia chapters of the Y.W.CA.
Stanford representatives will be j
Bessie Paulson, secretary of the i
campus "Y," and Frances Dekker, i
national representative on the cabi- i
net.
Mrs. Marion Brown Reith, national j
student secretary of the Y.W.CA.. j
met yesterday with cabinet mem
bers of the local chapter to tell of
plans of national student interest.
She was entertained at the "Y" by
leaders of the group and showed
great interest in the work being
carried on here.
In addition to Mrs. Reith and the
student representatives from Stan
ford, the conference will also be
attended by Mrs. Harry Rathbone, i
faculty adviser.
An Asilomar Conference commit
tee meeting will be held at Duve
neck's "Hidden Villa" ranch this
week-end, to be attended by repre
sentatives from all Northern Cali- |
fornia chapters of the Y.W.CA.
Stanford representatives will be j
Bessie Paulson, secretary of the i
campus "Y," and Frances Dekker, i
national representative on the cabi- i
net.
Mrs. Marion Brown Reith, national j
student secretary of the Y.W.CA.. j
met yesterday with cabinet mem
bers of the local chapter to tell of
plans of national student interest.
She was entertained at the "Y" by
leaders of the group and showed
great interest in the work being
carried on here.
In addition to Mrs. Reith and the
student representatives from Stan
ford, the conference will also be
attended by Mrs. Harry Rathbone, i
faculty adviser.
An Asilomar Conference commit
tee meeting will be held at Duve
neck's "Hidden Villa" ranch this
week-end, to be attended by repre
sentatives from all Northern Cali- |
fornia chapters of the Y.W.CA.
Stanford representatives will be j
Bessie Paulson, secretary of the i
campus "Y," and Frances Dekker, i
national representative on the cabi- i
net.
Mrs. Marion Brown Reith, national j
student secretary of the Y.W.CA.. j
met yesterday with cabinet mem
bers of the local chapter to tell of
plans of national student interest.
She was entertained at the "Y" by
leaders of the group and showed
great interest in the work being
carried on here.
In addition to Mrs. Reith and the
student representatives from Stan
ford, the conference will also be
attended by Mrs. Harry Rathbone, i
faculty adviser.
An Asilomar Conference commit
tee meeting will be held at Duve
neck's "Hidden Villa" ranch this
week-end, to be attended by repre
sentatives from all Northern Cali- |
fornia chapters of the Y.W.CA.
Stanford representatives will be j
Bessie Paulson, secretary of the i
campus "Y," and Frances Dekker, i
national representative on the cabi- i
net.
Mrs. Marion Brown Reith, national j
student secretary of the Y.W.CA.. j
met yesterday with cabinet mem
bers of the local chapter to tell of
plans of national student interest.
She was entertained at the "Y" by
leaders of the group and showed
great interest in the work being
carried on here.
In addition to Mrs. Reith and the
student representatives from Stan
ford, the conference will also be
attended by Mrs. Harry Rathbone, i
faculty adviser.
An Asilomar Conference commit
tee meeting will be held at Duve
neck's "Hidden Villa" ranch this
week-end, to be attended by repre
sentatives from all Northern Cali- |
fornia chapters of the Y.W.CA.
Stanford representatives will be j
Bessie Paulson, secretary of the i
campus "Y," and Frances Dekker, i
national representative on the cabi- i
net.
Mrs. Marion Brown Reith, national j
student secretary of the Y.W.CA.. j
met yesterday with cabinet mem
bers of the local chapter to tell of
plans of national student interest.
She was entertained at the "Y" by
leaders of the group and showed
great interest in the work being
carried on here.
In addition to Mrs. Reith and the
student representatives from Stan
ford, the conference will also be
attended by Mrs. Harry Rathbone, i
faculty adviser.
An Asilomar Conference commit
tee meeting will be held at Duve
neck's "Hidden Villa" ranch this
week-end, to be attended by repre
sentatives from all Northern Cali- |
fornia chapters of the Y.W.CA.
Stanford representatives will be j
Bessie Paulson, secretary of the i
campus "Y," and Frances Dekker, i
national representative on the cabi- i
net.
Mrs. Marion Brown Reith, national j
student secretary of the Y.W.CA.. j
met yesterday with cabinet mem
bers of the local chapter to tell of
plans of national student interest.
She was entertained at the "Y" by
leaders of the group and showed
great interest in the work being
carried on here.
In addition to Mrs. Reith and the
student representatives from Stan
ford, the conference will also be
attended by Mrs. Harry Rathbone, i
faculty adviser.
An Asilomar Conference commit
tee meeting will be held at Duve
neck's "Hidden Villa" ranch this
week-end, to be attended by repre
sentatives from all Northern Cali- |
fornia chapters of the Y.W.CA.
Stanford representatives will be j
Bessie Paulson, secretary of the i
campus "Y," and Frances Dekker, i
national representative on the cabi- i
net.
Mrs. Marion Brown Reith, national j
student secretary of the Y.W.CA.. j
met yesterday with cabinet mem
bers of the local chapter to tell of
plans of national student interest.
She was entertained at the "Y" by
leaders of the group and showed
great interest in the work being
carried on here.
In addition to Mrs. Reith and the
student representatives from Stan
ford, the conference will also be
attended by Mrs. Harry Rathbone, i
faculty adviser.
An Asilomar Conference commit
tee meeting will be held at Duve
neck's "Hidden Villa" ranch this
week-end, to be attended by repre
sentatives from all Northern Cali- |
fornia chapters of the Y.W.CA.
Stanford representatives will be j
Bessie Paulson, secretary of the i
campus "Y," and Frances Dekker, i
national representative on the cabi- i
net.
Mrs. Marion Brown Reith, national j
student secretary of the Y.W.CA.. j
met yesterday with cabinet mem
bers of the local chapter to tell of
plans of national student interest.
She was entertained at the "Y" by
leaders of the group and showed
great interest in the work being
carried on here.
In addition to Mrs. Reith and the
student representatives from Stan
ford, the conference will also be
attended by Mrs. Harry Rathbone, i
faculty adviser.
An Asilomar Conference commit
tee meeting will be held at Duve
neck's "Hidden Villa" ranch this
week-end, to be attended by repre
sentatives from all Northern Cali- |
fornia chapters of the Y.W.CA.
Stanford representatives will be j
Bessie Paulson, secretary of the i
campus "Y," and Frances Dekker, i
national representative on the cabi- i
net.
Mrs. Marion Brown Reith, national j
student secretary of the Y.W.CA.. j
met yesterday with cabinet mem
bers of the local chapter to tell of
plans of national student interest.
She was entertained at the "Y" by
leaders of the group and showed
great interest in the work being
carried on here.
In addition to Mrs. Reith and the
student representatives from Stan
ford, the conference will also be
attended by Mrs. Harry Rathbone, i
faculty adviser.
An Asilomar Conference commit
tee meeting will be held at Duve
neck's "Hidden Villa" ranch this
week-end, to be attended by repre
sentatives from all Northern Cali- |
fornia chapters of the Y.W.CA.
Stanford representatives will be j
Bessie Paulson, secretary of the i
campus "Y," and Frances Dekker, i
national representative on the cabi- i
net.
Mrs. Marion Brown Reith, national j
student secretary of the Y.W.CA.. j
met yesterday with cabinet mem
bers of the local chapter to tell of
plans of national student interest.
She was entertained at the "Y" by
leaders of the group and showed
great interest in the work being
carried on here.
In addition to Mrs. Reith and the
student representatives from Stan
ford, the conference will also be
attended by Mrs. Harry Rathbone, i
faculty adviser.
An Asilomar Conference commit
tee meeting will be held at Duve
neck's "Hidden Villa" ranch this
week-end, to be attended by repre
sentatives from all Northern Cali- |
fornia chapters of the Y.W.CA.
Stanford representatives will be j
Bessie Paulson, secretary of the i
campus "Y," and Frances Dekker, i
national representative on the cabi- i
net.
Mrs. Marion Brown Reith, national j
student secretary of the Y.W.CA.. j
met yesterday with cabinet mem
bers of the local chapter to tell of
plans of national student interest.
She was entertained at the "Y" by
leaders of the group and showed
great interest in the work being
carried on here.
In addition to Mrs. Reith and the
student representatives from Stan
ford, the conference will also be
attended by Mrs. Harry Rathbone, i
faculty adviser.
