# Untitled Article
## 
### 
University of Wisconsin women
are up in arms because a frater
nity man condemned their drink
ing and necking.
University of Wisconsin women
are up in arms because a frater
nity man condemned their drink
ing and necking.
University of Wisconsin women
are up in arms because a frater
nity man condemned their drink
ing and necking.
University of Wisconsin women
are up in arms because a frater
nity man condemned their drink
ing and necking.
University of Wisconsin women
are up in arms because a frater
nity man condemned their drink
ing and necking.
University of Wisconsin women
are up in arms because a frater
nity man condemned their drink
ing and necking.
University of Wisconsin women
are up in arms because a frater
nity man condemned their drink
ing and necking.
University of Wisconsin women
are up in arms because a frater
nity man condemned their drink
ing and necking.
University of Wisconsin women
are up in arms because a frater
nity man condemned their drink
ing and necking.
University of Wisconsin women
are up in arms because a frater
nity man condemned their drink
ing and necking.
University of Wisconsin women
are up in arms because a frater
nity man condemned their drink
ing and necking.
University of Wisconsin women
are up in arms because a frater
nity man condemned their drink
ing and necking.
University of Wisconsin women
are up in arms because a frater
nity man condemned their drink
ing and necking.
University of Wisconsin women
are up in arms because a frater
nity man condemned their drink
ing and necking.
University of Wisconsin women
are up in arms because a frater
nity man condemned their drink
ing and necking.
University of Wisconsin women
are up in arms because a frater
nity man condemned their drink
ing and necking.
