# SOPHOMORES WILL HAVE CONSTITUTION FOR CLASS CABINET
## 
### 
At the Sophomore Cabinet meet
ing last night, under the c hairman
ship of Jane Snyder, a committee
was appointed to draw up a Cabi
net, constitution. Jean Magnus was
appointed chairman, and Beatrice
dyne, assistant.
Plans were formed for a second
sophomore women's luncheon on
Thursday, January 23. The old get
together idea to keep up the spirit
of the class was acclaimed. The
luncheon will be held, as usual, in
the Women's Clubhouse; the price
will be 35c, which can either be.
paid to individual representatives
on the cabinet, or on the day of
the luncheon.
At the Sophomore Cabinet meet
ing last night, under the c hairman
ship of Jane Snyder, a committee
was appointed to draw up a Cabi
net, constitution. Jean Magnus was
appointed chairman, and Beatrice
dyne, assistant.
Plans were formed for a second
sophomore women's luncheon on
Thursday, January 23. The old get
together idea to keep up the spirit
of the class was acclaimed. The
luncheon will be held, as usual, in
the Women's Clubhouse; the price
will be 35c, which can either be.
paid to individual representatives
on the cabinet, or on the day of
the luncheon.
At the Sophomore Cabinet meet
ing last night, under the c hairman
ship of Jane Snyder, a committee
was appointed to draw up a Cabi
net, constitution. Jean Magnus was
appointed chairman, and Beatrice
dyne, assistant.
Plans were formed for a second
sophomore women's luncheon on
Thursday, January 23. The old get
together idea to keep up the spirit
of the class was acclaimed. The
luncheon will be held, as usual, in
the Women's Clubhouse; the price
will be 35c, which can either be.
paid to individual representatives
on the cabinet, or on the day of
the luncheon.
At the Sophomore Cabinet meet
ing last night, under the c hairman
ship of Jane Snyder, a committee
was appointed to draw up a Cabi
net, constitution. Jean Magnus was
appointed chairman, and Beatrice
dyne, assistant.
Plans were formed for a second
sophomore women's luncheon on
Thursday, January 23. The old get
together idea to keep up the spirit
of the class was acclaimed. The
luncheon will be held, as usual, in
the Women's Clubhouse; the price
will be 35c, which can either be.
paid to individual representatives
on the cabinet, or on the day of
the luncheon.
At the Sophomore Cabinet meet
ing last night, under the c hairman
ship of Jane Snyder, a committee
was appointed to draw up a Cabi
net, constitution. Jean Magnus was
appointed chairman, and Beatrice
dyne, assistant.
Plans were formed for a second
sophomore women's luncheon on
Thursday, January 23. The old get
together idea to keep up the spirit
of the class was acclaimed. The
luncheon will be held, as usual, in
the Women's Clubhouse; the price
will be 35c, which can either be.
paid to individual representatives
on the cabinet, or on the day of
the luncheon.
At the Sophomore Cabinet meet
ing last night, under the c hairman
ship of Jane Snyder, a committee
was appointed to draw up a Cabi
net, constitution. Jean Magnus was
appointed chairman, and Beatrice
dyne, assistant.
Plans were formed for a second
sophomore women's luncheon on
Thursday, January 23. The old get
together idea to keep up the spirit
of the class was acclaimed. The
luncheon will be held, as usual, in
the Women's Clubhouse; the price
will be 35c, which can either be.
paid to individual representatives
on the cabinet, or on the day of
the luncheon.
At the Sophomore Cabinet meet
ing last night, under the c hairman
ship of Jane Snyder, a committee
was appointed to draw up a Cabi
net, constitution. Jean Magnus was
appointed chairman, and Beatrice
dyne, assistant.
Plans were formed for a second
sophomore women's luncheon on
Thursday, January 23. The old get
together idea to keep up the spirit
of the class was acclaimed. The
luncheon will be held, as usual, in
the Women's Clubhouse; the price
will be 35c, which can either be.
paid to individual representatives
on the cabinet, or on the day of
the luncheon.
At the Sophomore Cabinet meet
ing last night, under the c hairman
ship of Jane Snyder, a committee
was appointed to draw up a Cabi
net, constitution. Jean Magnus was
appointed chairman, and Beatrice
dyne, assistant.
Plans were formed for a second
sophomore women's luncheon on
Thursday, January 23. The old get
together idea to keep up the spirit
of the class was acclaimed. The
luncheon will be held, as usual, in
the Women's Clubhouse; the price
will be 35c, which can either be.
paid to individual representatives
on the cabinet, or on the day of
the luncheon.
At the Sophomore Cabinet meet
ing last night, under the c hairman
ship of Jane Snyder, a committee
was appointed to draw up a Cabi
net, constitution. Jean Magnus was
appointed chairman, and Beatrice
dyne, assistant.
Plans were formed for a second
sophomore women's luncheon on
Thursday, January 23. The old get
together idea to keep up the spirit
of the class was acclaimed. The
luncheon will be held, as usual, in
the Women's Clubhouse; the price
will be 35c, which can either be.
paid to individual representatives
on the cabinet, or on the day of
the luncheon.
At the Sophomore Cabinet meet
ing last night, under the c hairman
ship of Jane Snyder, a committee
was appointed to draw up a Cabi
net, constitution. Jean Magnus was
appointed chairman, and Beatrice
dyne, assistant.
Plans were formed for a second
sophomore women's luncheon on
Thursday, January 23. The old get
together idea to keep up the spirit
of the class was acclaimed. The
luncheon will be held, as usual, in
the Women's Clubhouse; the price
will be 35c, which can either be.
paid to individual representatives
on the cabinet, or on the day of
the luncheon.
At the Sophomore Cabinet meet
ing last night, under the c hairman
ship of Jane Snyder, a committee
was appointed to draw up a Cabi
net, constitution. Jean Magnus was
appointed chairman, and Beatrice
dyne, assistant.
Plans were formed for a second
sophomore women's luncheon on
Thursday, January 23. The old get
together idea to keep up the spirit
of the class was acclaimed. The
luncheon will be held, as usual, in
the Women's Clubhouse; the price
will be 35c, which can either be.
paid to individual representatives
on the cabinet, or on the day of
the luncheon.
At the Sophomore Cabinet meet
ing last night, under the c hairman
ship of Jane Snyder, a committee
was appointed to draw up a Cabi
net, constitution. Jean Magnus was
appointed chairman, and Beatrice
dyne, assistant.
Plans were formed for a second
sophomore women's luncheon on
Thursday, January 23. The old get
together idea to keep up the spirit
of the class was acclaimed. The
luncheon will be held, as usual, in
the Women's Clubhouse; the price
will be 35c, which can either be.
paid to individual representatives
on the cabinet, or on the day of
the luncheon.
At the Sophomore Cabinet meet
ing last night, under the c hairman
ship of Jane Snyder, a committee
was appointed to draw up a Cabi
net, constitution. Jean Magnus was
appointed chairman, and Beatrice
dyne, assistant.
Plans were formed for a second
sophomore women's luncheon on
Thursday, January 23. The old get
together idea to keep up the spirit
of the class was acclaimed. The
luncheon will be held, as usual, in
the Women's Clubhouse; the price
will be 35c, which can either be.
paid to individual representatives
on the cabinet, or on the day of
the luncheon.
At the Sophomore Cabinet meet
ing last night, under the c hairman
ship of Jane Snyder, a committee
was appointed to draw up a Cabi
net, constitution. Jean Magnus was
appointed chairman, and Beatrice
dyne, assistant.
Plans were formed for a second
sophomore women's luncheon on
Thursday, January 23. The old get
together idea to keep up the spirit
of the class was acclaimed. The
luncheon will be held, as usual, in
the Women's Clubhouse; the price
will be 35c, which can either be.
paid to individual representatives
on the cabinet, or on the day of
the luncheon.
At the Sophomore Cabinet meet
ing last night, under the c hairman
ship of Jane Snyder, a committee
was appointed to draw up a Cabi
net, constitution. Jean Magnus was
appointed chairman, and Beatrice
dyne, assistant.
Plans were formed for a second
sophomore women's luncheon on
Thursday, January 23. The old get
together idea to keep up the spirit
of the class was acclaimed. The
luncheon will be held, as usual, in
the Women's Clubhouse; the price
will be 35c, which can either be.
paid to individual representatives
on the cabinet, or on the day of
the luncheon.
At the Sophomore Cabinet meet
ing last night, under the c hairman
ship of Jane Snyder, a committee
was appointed to draw up a Cabi
net, constitution. Jean Magnus was
appointed chairman, and Beatrice
dyne, assistant.
Plans were formed for a second
sophomore women's luncheon on
Thursday, January 23. The old get
together idea to keep up the spirit
of the class was acclaimed. The
luncheon will be held, as usual, in
the Women's Clubhouse; the price
will be 35c, which can either be.
paid to individual representatives
on the cabinet, or on the day of
the luncheon.
