# Shell Company Offers Chemistry Fellowship
## 
### 
A new chemistry fellowship was
announced yesterday by the Shell
Development Company. An aniolu
rnent of $900 is provided in lif
terms which call for research work
to he done in the school year he
ginning October 1, 1930, and end
ing June 20, 1931.
"Shell Research Fellowship" is
the title of the new fund and Pro
fessor Robert E. Swain is in charge
or arrangements.
A new chemistry fellowship was
announced yesterday by the Shell
Development Company. An aniolu
rnent of $900 is provided in lif
terms which call for research work
to he done in the school year he
ginning October 1, 1930, and end
ing June 20, 1931.
"Shell Research Fellowship" is
the title of the new fund and Pro
fessor Robert E. Swain is in charge
or arrangements.
A new chemistry fellowship was
announced yesterday by the Shell
Development Company. An aniolu
rnent of $900 is provided in lif
terms which call for research work
to he done in the school year he
ginning October 1, 1930, and end
ing June 20, 1931.
"Shell Research Fellowship" is
the title of the new fund and Pro
fessor Robert E. Swain is in charge
or arrangements.
A new chemistry fellowship was
announced yesterday by the Shell
Development Company. An aniolu
rnent of $900 is provided in lif
terms which call for research work
to he done in the school year he
ginning October 1, 1930, and end
ing June 20, 1931.
"Shell Research Fellowship" is
the title of the new fund and Pro
fessor Robert E. Swain is in charge
or arrangements.
A new chemistry fellowship was
announced yesterday by the Shell
Development Company. An aniolu
rnent of $900 is provided in lif
terms which call for research work
to he done in the school year he
ginning October 1, 1930, and end
ing June 20, 1931.
"Shell Research Fellowship" is
the title of the new fund and Pro
fessor Robert E. Swain is in charge
or arrangements.
A new chemistry fellowship was
announced yesterday by the Shell
Development Company. An aniolu
rnent of $900 is provided in lif
terms which call for research work
to he done in the school year he
ginning October 1, 1930, and end
ing June 20, 1931.
"Shell Research Fellowship" is
the title of the new fund and Pro
fessor Robert E. Swain is in charge
or arrangements.
A new chemistry fellowship was
announced yesterday by the Shell
Development Company. An aniolu
rnent of $900 is provided in lif
terms which call for research work
to he done in the school year he
ginning October 1, 1930, and end
ing June 20, 1931.
"Shell Research Fellowship" is
the title of the new fund and Pro
fessor Robert E. Swain is in charge
or arrangements.
A new chemistry fellowship was
announced yesterday by the Shell
Development Company. An aniolu
rnent of $900 is provided in lif
terms which call for research work
to he done in the school year he
ginning October 1, 1930, and end
ing June 20, 1931.
"Shell Research Fellowship" is
the title of the new fund and Pro
fessor Robert E. Swain is in charge
or arrangements.
A new chemistry fellowship was
announced yesterday by the Shell
Development Company. An aniolu
rnent of $900 is provided in lif
terms which call for research work
to he done in the school year he
ginning October 1, 1930, and end
ing June 20, 1931.
"Shell Research Fellowship" is
the title of the new fund and Pro
fessor Robert E. Swain is in charge
or arrangements.
A new chemistry fellowship was
announced yesterday by the Shell
Development Company. An aniolu
rnent of $900 is provided in lif
terms which call for research work
to he done in the school year he
ginning October 1, 1930, and end
ing June 20, 1931.
"Shell Research Fellowship" is
the title of the new fund and Pro
fessor Robert E. Swain is in charge
or arrangements.
A new chemistry fellowship was
announced yesterday by the Shell
Development Company. An aniolu
rnent of $900 is provided in lif
terms which call for research work
to he done in the school year he
ginning October 1, 1930, and end
ing June 20, 1931.
"Shell Research Fellowship" is
the title of the new fund and Pro
fessor Robert E. Swain is in charge
or arrangements.
A new chemistry fellowship was
announced yesterday by the Shell
Development Company. An aniolu
rnent of $900 is provided in lif
terms which call for research work
to he done in the school year he
ginning October 1, 1930, and end
ing June 20, 1931.
"Shell Research Fellowship" is
the title of the new fund and Pro
fessor Robert E. Swain is in charge
or arrangements.
A new chemistry fellowship was
announced yesterday by the Shell
Development Company. An aniolu
rnent of $900 is provided in lif
terms which call for research work
to he done in the school year he
ginning October 1, 1930, and end
ing June 20, 1931.
"Shell Research Fellowship" is
the title of the new fund and Pro
fessor Robert E. Swain is in charge
or arrangements.
A new chemistry fellowship was
announced yesterday by the Shell
Development Company. An aniolu
rnent of $900 is provided in lif
terms which call for research work
to he done in the school year he
ginning October 1, 1930, and end
ing June 20, 1931.
"Shell Research Fellowship" is
the title of the new fund and Pro
fessor Robert E. Swain is in charge
or arrangements.
A new chemistry fellowship was
announced yesterday by the Shell
Development Company. An aniolu
rnent of $900 is provided in lif
terms which call for research work
to he done in the school year he
ginning October 1, 1930, and end
ing June 20, 1931.
"Shell Research Fellowship" is
the title of the new fund and Pro
fessor Robert E. Swain is in charge
or arrangements.
A new chemistry fellowship was
announced yesterday by the Shell
Development Company. An aniolu
rnent of $900 is provided in lif
terms which call for research work
to he done in the school year he
ginning October 1, 1930, and end
ing June 20, 1931.
"Shell Research Fellowship" is
the title of the new fund and Pro
fessor Robert E. Swain is in charge
or arrangements.
