# McEwan To Coach Oregon Till Paid Full Salary
## 
### 
EUGENE, Ore., Jan. 7. (£>)— Cap- .
tain John J. McEwan upon iris ar- ]
rival here today from New York j
announced that he is and will con
tinue to be head football coach of j
the University of Oregon until I
every penny due on the balance of 1
his contract is paid. Captain Mc- |
Ewan's contract calls for an annual j
salary of $8500 and does not expire j
until the end of the 1930 football |
season. •
EUGENE, Ore., Jan. 7. (£>)— Cap- .
tain John J. McEwan upon iris ar- ]
rival here today from New York j
announced that he is and will con
tinue to be head football coach of j
the University of Oregon until I
every penny due on the balance of 1
his contract is paid. Captain Mc- |
Ewan's contract calls for an annual j
salary of $8500 and does not expire j
until the end of the 1930 football |
season. •
EUGENE, Ore., Jan. 7. (£>)— Cap- .
tain John J. McEwan upon iris ar- ]
rival here today from New York j
announced that he is and will con
tinue to be head football coach of j
the University of Oregon until I
every penny due on the balance of 1
his contract is paid. Captain Mc- |
Ewan's contract calls for an annual j
salary of $8500 and does not expire j
until the end of the 1930 football |
season. •
EUGENE, Ore., Jan. 7. (£>)— Cap- .
tain John J. McEwan upon iris ar- ]
rival here today from New York j
announced that he is and will con
tinue to be head football coach of j
the University of Oregon until I
every penny due on the balance of 1
his contract is paid. Captain Mc- |
Ewan's contract calls for an annual j
salary of $8500 and does not expire j
until the end of the 1930 football |
season. •
EUGENE, Ore., Jan. 7. (£>)— Cap- .
tain John J. McEwan upon iris ar- ]
rival here today from New York j
announced that he is and will con
tinue to be head football coach of j
the University of Oregon until I
every penny due on the balance of 1
his contract is paid. Captain Mc- |
Ewan's contract calls for an annual j
salary of $8500 and does not expire j
until the end of the 1930 football |
season. •
EUGENE, Ore., Jan. 7. (£>)— Cap- .
tain John J. McEwan upon iris ar- ]
rival here today from New York j
announced that he is and will con
tinue to be head football coach of j
the University of Oregon until I
every penny due on the balance of 1
his contract is paid. Captain Mc- |
Ewan's contract calls for an annual j
salary of $8500 and does not expire j
until the end of the 1930 football |
season. •
EUGENE, Ore., Jan. 7. (£>)— Cap- .
tain John J. McEwan upon iris ar- ]
rival here today from New York j
announced that he is and will con
tinue to be head football coach of j
the University of Oregon until I
every penny due on the balance of 1
his contract is paid. Captain Mc- |
Ewan's contract calls for an annual j
salary of $8500 and does not expire j
until the end of the 1930 football |
season. •
EUGENE, Ore., Jan. 7. (£>)— Cap- .
tain John J. McEwan upon iris ar- ]
rival here today from New York j
announced that he is and will con
tinue to be head football coach of j
the University of Oregon until I
every penny due on the balance of 1
his contract is paid. Captain Mc- |
Ewan's contract calls for an annual j
salary of $8500 and does not expire j
until the end of the 1930 football |
season. •
EUGENE, Ore., Jan. 7. (£>)— Cap- .
tain John J. McEwan upon iris ar- ]
rival here today from New York j
announced that he is and will con
tinue to be head football coach of j
the University of Oregon until I
every penny due on the balance of 1
his contract is paid. Captain Mc- |
Ewan's contract calls for an annual j
salary of $8500 and does not expire j
until the end of the 1930 football |
season. •
EUGENE, Ore., Jan. 7. (£>)— Cap- .
tain John J. McEwan upon iris ar- ]
rival here today from New York j
announced that he is and will con
tinue to be head football coach of j
the University of Oregon until I
every penny due on the balance of 1
his contract is paid. Captain Mc- |
Ewan's contract calls for an annual j
salary of $8500 and does not expire j
until the end of the 1930 football |
season. •
EUGENE, Ore., Jan. 7. (£>)— Cap- .
tain John J. McEwan upon iris ar- ]
rival here today from New York j
announced that he is and will con
tinue to be head football coach of j
the University of Oregon until I
every penny due on the balance of 1
his contract is paid. Captain Mc- |
Ewan's contract calls for an annual j
salary of $8500 and does not expire j
until the end of the 1930 football |
season. •
EUGENE, Ore., Jan. 7. (£>)— Cap- .
tain John J. McEwan upon iris ar- ]
rival here today from New York j
announced that he is and will con
tinue to be head football coach of j
the University of Oregon until I
every penny due on the balance of 1
his contract is paid. Captain Mc- |
Ewan's contract calls for an annual j
salary of $8500 and does not expire j
until the end of the 1930 football |
season. •
EUGENE, Ore., Jan. 7. (£>)— Cap- .
tain John J. McEwan upon iris ar- ]
rival here today from New York j
announced that he is and will con
tinue to be head football coach of j
the University of Oregon until I
every penny due on the balance of 1
his contract is paid. Captain Mc- |
Ewan's contract calls for an annual j
salary of $8500 and does not expire j
until the end of the 1930 football |
season. •
EUGENE, Ore., Jan. 7. (£>)— Cap- .
tain John J. McEwan upon iris ar- ]
rival here today from New York j
announced that he is and will con
tinue to be head football coach of j
the University of Oregon until I
every penny due on the balance of 1
his contract is paid. Captain Mc- |
Ewan's contract calls for an annual j
salary of $8500 and does not expire j
until the end of the 1930 football |
season. •
EUGENE, Ore., Jan. 7. (£>)— Cap- .
tain John J. McEwan upon iris ar- ]
rival here today from New York j
announced that he is and will con
tinue to be head football coach of j
the University of Oregon until I
every penny due on the balance of 1
his contract is paid. Captain Mc- |
Ewan's contract calls for an annual j
salary of $8500 and does not expire j
until the end of the 1930 football |
season. •
EUGENE, Ore., Jan. 7. (£>)— Cap- .
tain John J. McEwan upon iris ar- ]
rival here today from New York j
announced that he is and will con
tinue to be head football coach of j
the University of Oregon until I
every penny due on the balance of 1
his contract is paid. Captain Mc- |
Ewan's contract calls for an annual j
salary of $8500 and does not expire j
until the end of the 1930 football |
season. •
