# Dobbell To Be Engineer For Secretary Wilbur
## 
### 
C. A. Dobbel, '21, assistant pro
fessor of mining and metallurgy at;
Stanford for the past year and a
half, has accepted a position as
technical engineering assistant un
der Secretary of Interior Ray Ly
man Wilbur, according to informa
tion disclosed by the secretary of
the mining and metallurgy depart
ment yesterday.
Dobbel left for Washington on
January 2, where his new duties
will begin immediately.
C. A. Dobbel, '21, assistant pro
fessor of mining and metallurgy at;
Stanford for the past year and a
half, has accepted a position as
technical engineering assistant un
der Secretary of Interior Ray Ly
man Wilbur, according to informa
tion disclosed by the secretary of
the mining and metallurgy depart
ment yesterday.
Dobbel left for Washington on
January 2, where his new duties
will begin immediately.
C. A. Dobbel, '21, assistant pro
fessor of mining and metallurgy at;
Stanford for the past year and a
half, has accepted a position as
technical engineering assistant un
der Secretary of Interior Ray Ly
man Wilbur, according to informa
tion disclosed by the secretary of
the mining and metallurgy depart
ment yesterday.
Dobbel left for Washington on
January 2, where his new duties
will begin immediately.
C. A. Dobbel, '21, assistant pro
fessor of mining and metallurgy at;
Stanford for the past year and a
half, has accepted a position as
technical engineering assistant un
der Secretary of Interior Ray Ly
man Wilbur, according to informa
tion disclosed by the secretary of
the mining and metallurgy depart
ment yesterday.
Dobbel left for Washington on
January 2, where his new duties
will begin immediately.
C. A. Dobbel, '21, assistant pro
fessor of mining and metallurgy at;
Stanford for the past year and a
half, has accepted a position as
technical engineering assistant un
der Secretary of Interior Ray Ly
man Wilbur, according to informa
tion disclosed by the secretary of
the mining and metallurgy depart
ment yesterday.
Dobbel left for Washington on
January 2, where his new duties
will begin immediately.
C. A. Dobbel, '21, assistant pro
fessor of mining and metallurgy at;
Stanford for the past year and a
half, has accepted a position as
technical engineering assistant un
der Secretary of Interior Ray Ly
man Wilbur, according to informa
tion disclosed by the secretary of
the mining and metallurgy depart
ment yesterday.
Dobbel left for Washington on
January 2, where his new duties
will begin immediately.
C. A. Dobbel, '21, assistant pro
fessor of mining and metallurgy at;
Stanford for the past year and a
half, has accepted a position as
technical engineering assistant un
der Secretary of Interior Ray Ly
man Wilbur, according to informa
tion disclosed by the secretary of
the mining and metallurgy depart
ment yesterday.
Dobbel left for Washington on
January 2, where his new duties
will begin immediately.
C. A. Dobbel, '21, assistant pro
fessor of mining and metallurgy at;
Stanford for the past year and a
half, has accepted a position as
technical engineering assistant un
der Secretary of Interior Ray Ly
man Wilbur, according to informa
tion disclosed by the secretary of
the mining and metallurgy depart
ment yesterday.
Dobbel left for Washington on
January 2, where his new duties
will begin immediately.
C. A. Dobbel, '21, assistant pro
fessor of mining and metallurgy at;
Stanford for the past year and a
half, has accepted a position as
technical engineering assistant un
der Secretary of Interior Ray Ly
man Wilbur, according to informa
tion disclosed by the secretary of
the mining and metallurgy depart
ment yesterday.
Dobbel left for Washington on
January 2, where his new duties
will begin immediately.
C. A. Dobbel, '21, assistant pro
fessor of mining and metallurgy at;
Stanford for the past year and a
half, has accepted a position as
technical engineering assistant un
der Secretary of Interior Ray Ly
man Wilbur, according to informa
tion disclosed by the secretary of
the mining and metallurgy depart
ment yesterday.
Dobbel left for Washington on
January 2, where his new duties
will begin immediately.
C. A. Dobbel, '21, assistant pro
fessor of mining and metallurgy at;
Stanford for the past year and a
half, has accepted a position as
technical engineering assistant un
der Secretary of Interior Ray Ly
man Wilbur, according to informa
tion disclosed by the secretary of
the mining and metallurgy depart
ment yesterday.
Dobbel left for Washington on
January 2, where his new duties
will begin immediately.
C. A. Dobbel, '21, assistant pro
fessor of mining and metallurgy at;
Stanford for the past year and a
half, has accepted a position as
technical engineering assistant un
der Secretary of Interior Ray Ly
man Wilbur, according to informa
tion disclosed by the secretary of
the mining and metallurgy depart
ment yesterday.
Dobbel left for Washington on
January 2, where his new duties
will begin immediately.
C. A. Dobbel, '21, assistant pro
fessor of mining and metallurgy at;
Stanford for the past year and a
half, has accepted a position as
technical engineering assistant un
der Secretary of Interior Ray Ly
man Wilbur, according to informa
tion disclosed by the secretary of
the mining and metallurgy depart
ment yesterday.
Dobbel left for Washington on
January 2, where his new duties
will begin immediately.
C. A. Dobbel, '21, assistant pro
fessor of mining and metallurgy at;
Stanford for the past year and a
half, has accepted a position as
technical engineering assistant un
der Secretary of Interior Ray Ly
man Wilbur, according to informa
tion disclosed by the secretary of
the mining and metallurgy depart
ment yesterday.
Dobbel left for Washington on
January 2, where his new duties
will begin immediately.
C. A. Dobbel, '21, assistant pro
fessor of mining and metallurgy at;
Stanford for the past year and a
half, has accepted a position as
technical engineering assistant un
der Secretary of Interior Ray Ly
man Wilbur, according to informa
tion disclosed by the secretary of
the mining and metallurgy depart
ment yesterday.
Dobbel left for Washington on
January 2, where his new duties
will begin immediately.
C. A. Dobbel, '21, assistant pro
fessor of mining and metallurgy at;
Stanford for the past year and a
half, has accepted a position as
technical engineering assistant un
der Secretary of Interior Ray Ly
man Wilbur, according to informa
tion disclosed by the secretary of
the mining and metallurgy depart
ment yesterday.
Dobbel left for Washington on
January 2, where his new duties
will begin immediately.
