# Adv. 37 Page 10
## 
### 
Extreme
*>
lo
\ i
NO PROBLEM.
If you're maioring in engineering,
math, chemistry, or the life sciences,
MAT LAB Student Version is your
extreme technical computing
resource.
From the comfort of your dorm room,
and for only $99, you'll have the
full-featured, professional-strength
version of MATLAB at your fingertips
Tackle your toughest coursework with
the software package that leading
companies rely on. Buy it today at
your campus bookstore or online at
www.mathworks.com/stanford
STUDENT VERSION
4 The MathWirks
Extreme
*>
lo
\ i
NO PROBLEM.
If you're maioring in engineering,
math, chemistry, or the life sciences,
MAT LAB Student Version is your
extreme technical computing
resource.
From the comfort of your dorm room,
and for only $99, you'll have the
full-featured, professional-strength
version of MATLAB at your fingertips
Tackle your toughest coursework with
the software package that leading
companies rely on. Buy it today at
your campus bookstore or online at
www.mathworks.com/stanford
STUDENT VERSION
4 The MathWirks
Extreme
*>
lo
\ i
NO PROBLEM.
If you're maioring in engineering,
math, chemistry, or the life sciences,
MAT LAB Student Version is your
extreme technical computing
resource.
From the comfort of your dorm room,
and for only $99, you'll have the
full-featured, professional-strength
version of MATLAB at your fingertips
Tackle your toughest coursework with
the software package that leading
companies rely on. Buy it today at
your campus bookstore or online at
www.mathworks.com/stanford
STUDENT VERSION
4 The MathWirks
Extreme
*>
lo
\ i
NO PROBLEM.
If you're maioring in engineering,
math, chemistry, or the life sciences,
MAT LAB Student Version is your
extreme technical computing
resource.
From the comfort of your dorm room,
and for only $99, you'll have the
full-featured, professional-strength
version of MATLAB at your fingertips
Tackle your toughest coursework with
the software package that leading
companies rely on. Buy it today at
your campus bookstore or online at
www.mathworks.com/stanford
STUDENT VERSION
4 The MathWirks
Extreme
*>
lo
\ i
NO PROBLEM.
If you're maioring in engineering,
math, chemistry, or the life sciences,
MAT LAB Student Version is your
extreme technical computing
resource.
From the comfort of your dorm room,
and for only $99, you'll have the
full-featured, professional-strength
version of MATLAB at your fingertips
Tackle your toughest coursework with
the software package that leading
companies rely on. Buy it today at
your campus bookstore or online at
www.mathworks.com/stanford
STUDENT VERSION
4 The MathWirks
Extreme
*>
lo
\ i
NO PROBLEM.
If you're maioring in engineering,
math, chemistry, or the life sciences,
MAT LAB Student Version is your
extreme technical computing
resource.
From the comfort of your dorm room,
and for only $99, you'll have the
full-featured, professional-strength
version of MATLAB at your fingertips
Tackle your toughest coursework with
the software package that leading
companies rely on. Buy it today at
your campus bookstore or online at
www.mathworks.com/stanford
STUDENT VERSION
4 The MathWirks
Extreme
*>
lo
\ i
NO PROBLEM.
If you're maioring in engineering,
math, chemistry, or the life sciences,
MAT LAB Student Version is your
extreme technical computing
resource.
From the comfort of your dorm room,
and for only $99, you'll have the
full-featured, professional-strength
version of MATLAB at your fingertips
Tackle your toughest coursework with
the software package that leading
companies rely on. Buy it today at
your campus bookstore or online at
www.mathworks.com/stanford
STUDENT VERSION
4 The MathWirks
Extreme
*>
lo
\ i
NO PROBLEM.
If you're maioring in engineering,
math, chemistry, or the life sciences,
MAT LAB Student Version is your
extreme technical computing
resource.
From the comfort of your dorm room,
and for only $99, you'll have the
full-featured, professional-strength
version of MATLAB at your fingertips
Tackle your toughest coursework with
the software package that leading
companies rely on. Buy it today at
your campus bookstore or online at
www.mathworks.com/stanford
STUDENT VERSION
4 The MathWirks
