# Adv. 6 Page 3
## 
### 
AN EPICUREAN
would have little trouble
in finding here a large
variety of food that
would be bound to please
him.
Broiled steaks and waf
fles our specialty. We re
main open until 1 a.m.
every night — Saturdays
until 4 a.m.
STANFORD CAFE
214 University Ave.
Opposite Stanford Theatre
AN EPICUREAN
would have little trouble
in finding here a large
variety of food that
would be bound to please
him.
Broiled steaks and waf
fles our specialty. We re
main open until 1 a.m.
every night — Saturdays
until 4 a.m.
STANFORD CAFE
214 University Ave.
Opposite Stanford Theatre
AN EPICUREAN
would have little trouble
in finding here a large
variety of food that
would be bound to please
him.
Broiled steaks and waf
fles our specialty. We re
main open until 1 a.m.
every night — Saturdays
until 4 a.m.
STANFORD CAFE
214 University Ave.
Opposite Stanford Theatre
AN EPICUREAN
would have little trouble
in finding here a large
variety of food that
would be bound to please
him.
Broiled steaks and waf
fles our specialty. We re
main open until 1 a.m.
every night — Saturdays
until 4 a.m.
STANFORD CAFE
214 University Ave.
Opposite Stanford Theatre
AN EPICUREAN
would have little trouble
in finding here a large
variety of food that
would be bound to please
him.
Broiled steaks and waf
fles our specialty. We re
main open until 1 a.m.
every night — Saturdays
until 4 a.m.
STANFORD CAFE
214 University Ave.
Opposite Stanford Theatre
AN EPICUREAN
would have little trouble
in finding here a large
variety of food that
would be bound to please
him.
Broiled steaks and waf
fles our specialty. We re
main open until 1 a.m.
every night — Saturdays
until 4 a.m.
STANFORD CAFE
214 University Ave.
Opposite Stanford Theatre
AN EPICUREAN
would have little trouble
in finding here a large
variety of food that
would be bound to please
him.
Broiled steaks and waf
fles our specialty. We re
main open until 1 a.m.
every night — Saturdays
until 4 a.m.
STANFORD CAFE
214 University Ave.
Opposite Stanford Theatre
AN EPICUREAN
would have little trouble
in finding here a large
variety of food that
would be bound to please
him.
Broiled steaks and waf
fles our specialty. We re
main open until 1 a.m.
every night — Saturdays
until 4 a.m.
STANFORD CAFE
214 University Ave.
Opposite Stanford Theatre
AN EPICUREAN
would have little trouble
in finding here a large
variety of food that
would be bound to please
him.
Broiled steaks and waf
fles our specialty. We re
main open until 1 a.m.
every night — Saturdays
until 4 a.m.
STANFORD CAFE
214 University Ave.
Opposite Stanford Theatre
AN EPICUREAN
would have little trouble
in finding here a large
variety of food that
would be bound to please
him.
Broiled steaks and waf
fles our specialty. We re
main open until 1 a.m.
every night — Saturdays
until 4 a.m.
STANFORD CAFE
214 University Ave.
Opposite Stanford Theatre
AN EPICUREAN
would have little trouble
in finding here a large
variety of food that
would be bound to please
him.
Broiled steaks and waf
fles our specialty. We re
main open until 1 a.m.
every night — Saturdays
until 4 a.m.
STANFORD CAFE
214 University Ave.
Opposite Stanford Theatre
AN EPICUREAN
would have little trouble
in finding here a large
variety of food that
would be bound to please
him.
Broiled steaks and waf
fles our specialty. We re
main open until 1 a.m.
every night — Saturdays
until 4 a.m.
STANFORD CAFE
214 University Ave.
Opposite Stanford Theatre
AN EPICUREAN
would have little trouble
in finding here a large
variety of food that
would be bound to please
him.
Broiled steaks and waf
fles our specialty. We re
main open until 1 a.m.
every night — Saturdays
until 4 a.m.
STANFORD CAFE
214 University Ave.
Opposite Stanford Theatre
AN EPICUREAN
would have little trouble
in finding here a large
variety of food that
would be bound to please
him.
Broiled steaks and waf
fles our specialty. We re
main open until 1 a.m.
every night — Saturdays
until 4 a.m.
STANFORD CAFE
214 University Ave.
Opposite Stanford Theatre
AN EPICUREAN
would have little trouble
in finding here a large
variety of food that
would be bound to please
him.
Broiled steaks and waf
fles our specialty. We re
main open until 1 a.m.
every night — Saturdays
until 4 a.m.
STANFORD CAFE
214 University Ave.
Opposite Stanford Theatre
