# PROPAGANDA BOOKS AND PAMPHLETS ON EXHIBIT IN LIBRARY
## 
### 
Exhibited in the Library are books
and pamphlets showing German and
English propaganda in Holland dur
ing the war. They show the various
attempts of both English and Germans
to enlist Dutch sympathy. Many are
answers of one country to assertions
and accusations made by the other.
Sbme of the pamphlets are Dutch
writings reacting to the propaganda,
as the famous Raemaeker cartoons
published so widely in this country
during the war.
In another case are books and docu
ments which reveal many points not
generally known, concerning the war,
as, for example, Wilson's peace nego
tiations through private agents with
Austria.
Exhibited in the Library are books
and pamphlets showing German and
English propaganda in Holland dur
ing the war. They show the various
attempts of both English and Germans
to enlist Dutch sympathy. Many are
answers of one country to assertions
and accusations made by the other.
Sbme of the pamphlets are Dutch
writings reacting to the propaganda,
as the famous Raemaeker cartoons
published so widely in this country
during the war.
In another case are books and docu
ments which reveal many points not
generally known, concerning the war,
as, for example, Wilson's peace nego
tiations through private agents with
Austria.
Exhibited in the Library are books
and pamphlets showing German and
English propaganda in Holland dur
ing the war. They show the various
attempts of both English and Germans
to enlist Dutch sympathy. Many are
answers of one country to assertions
and accusations made by the other.
Sbme of the pamphlets are Dutch
writings reacting to the propaganda,
as the famous Raemaeker cartoons
published so widely in this country
during the war.
In another case are books and docu
ments which reveal many points not
generally known, concerning the war,
as, for example, Wilson's peace nego
tiations through private agents with
Austria.
Exhibited in the Library are books
and pamphlets showing German and
English propaganda in Holland dur
ing the war. They show the various
attempts of both English and Germans
to enlist Dutch sympathy. Many are
answers of one country to assertions
and accusations made by the other.
Sbme of the pamphlets are Dutch
writings reacting to the propaganda,
as the famous Raemaeker cartoons
published so widely in this country
during the war.
In another case are books and docu
ments which reveal many points not
generally known, concerning the war,
as, for example, Wilson's peace nego
tiations through private agents with
Austria.
Exhibited in the Library are books
and pamphlets showing German and
English propaganda in Holland dur
ing the war. They show the various
attempts of both English and Germans
to enlist Dutch sympathy. Many are
answers of one country to assertions
and accusations made by the other.
Sbme of the pamphlets are Dutch
writings reacting to the propaganda,
as the famous Raemaeker cartoons
published so widely in this country
during the war.
In another case are books and docu
ments which reveal many points not
generally known, concerning the war,
as, for example, Wilson's peace nego
tiations through private agents with
Austria.
Exhibited in the Library are books
and pamphlets showing German and
English propaganda in Holland dur
ing the war. They show the various
attempts of both English and Germans
to enlist Dutch sympathy. Many are
answers of one country to assertions
and accusations made by the other.
Sbme of the pamphlets are Dutch
writings reacting to the propaganda,
as the famous Raemaeker cartoons
published so widely in this country
during the war.
In another case are books and docu
ments which reveal many points not
generally known, concerning the war,
as, for example, Wilson's peace nego
tiations through private agents with
Austria.
Exhibited in the Library are books
and pamphlets showing German and
English propaganda in Holland dur
ing the war. They show the various
attempts of both English and Germans
to enlist Dutch sympathy. Many are
answers of one country to assertions
and accusations made by the other.
Sbme of the pamphlets are Dutch
writings reacting to the propaganda,
as the famous Raemaeker cartoons
published so widely in this country
during the war.
In another case are books and docu
ments which reveal many points not
generally known, concerning the war,
as, for example, Wilson's peace nego
tiations through private agents with
Austria.
Exhibited in the Library are books
and pamphlets showing German and
English propaganda in Holland dur
ing the war. They show the various
attempts of both English and Germans
to enlist Dutch sympathy. Many are
answers of one country to assertions
and accusations made by the other.
Sbme of the pamphlets are Dutch
writings reacting to the propaganda,
as the famous Raemaeker cartoons
published so widely in this country
during the war.
In another case are books and docu
ments which reveal many points not
generally known, concerning the war,
as, for example, Wilson's peace nego
tiations through private agents with
Austria.
Exhibited in the Library are books
and pamphlets showing German and
English propaganda in Holland dur
ing the war. They show the various
attempts of both English and Germans
to enlist Dutch sympathy. Many are
answers of one country to assertions
and accusations made by the other.
Sbme of the pamphlets are Dutch
writings reacting to the propaganda,
as the famous Raemaeker cartoons
published so widely in this country
during the war.
In another case are books and docu
ments which reveal many points not
generally known, concerning the war,
as, for example, Wilson's peace nego
tiations through private agents with
Austria.
Exhibited in the Library are books
and pamphlets showing German and
English propaganda in Holland dur
ing the war. They show the various
attempts of both English and Germans
to enlist Dutch sympathy. Many are
answers of one country to assertions
and accusations made by the other.
Sbme of the pamphlets are Dutch
writings reacting to the propaganda,
as the famous Raemaeker cartoons
published so widely in this country
during the war.
In another case are books and docu
ments which reveal many points not
generally known, concerning the war,
as, for example, Wilson's peace nego
tiations through private agents with
Austria.
Exhibited in the Library are books
and pamphlets showing German and
English propaganda in Holland dur
ing the war. They show the various
attempts of both English and Germans
to enlist Dutch sympathy. Many are
answers of one country to assertions
and accusations made by the other.
Sbme of the pamphlets are Dutch
writings reacting to the propaganda,
as the famous Raemaeker cartoons
published so widely in this country
during the war.
In another case are books and docu
ments which reveal many points not
generally known, concerning the war,
as, for example, Wilson's peace nego
tiations through private agents with
Austria.
Exhibited in the Library are books
and pamphlets showing German and
English propaganda in Holland dur
ing the war. They show the various
attempts of both English and Germans
to enlist Dutch sympathy. Many are
answers of one country to assertions
and accusations made by the other.
Sbme of the pamphlets are Dutch
writings reacting to the propaganda,
as the famous Raemaeker cartoons
published so widely in this country
during the war.
In another case are books and docu
ments which reveal many points not
generally known, concerning the war,
as, for example, Wilson's peace nego
tiations through private agents with
Austria.
Exhibited in the Library are books
and pamphlets showing German and
English propaganda in Holland dur
ing the war. They show the various
attempts of both English and Germans
to enlist Dutch sympathy. Many are
answers of one country to assertions
and accusations made by the other.
Sbme of the pamphlets are Dutch
writings reacting to the propaganda,
as the famous Raemaeker cartoons
published so widely in this country
during the war.
In another case are books and docu
ments which reveal many points not
generally known, concerning the war,
as, for example, Wilson's peace nego
tiations through private agents with
Austria.
Exhibited in the Library are books
and pamphlets showing German and
English propaganda in Holland dur
ing the war. They show the various
attempts of both English and Germans
to enlist Dutch sympathy. Many are
answers of one country to assertions
and accusations made by the other.
Sbme of the pamphlets are Dutch
writings reacting to the propaganda,
as the famous Raemaeker cartoons
published so widely in this country
during the war.
In another case are books and docu
ments which reveal many points not
generally known, concerning the war,
as, for example, Wilson's peace nego
tiations through private agents with
Austria.
Exhibited in the Library are books
and pamphlets showing German and
English propaganda in Holland dur
ing the war. They show the various
attempts of both English and Germans
to enlist Dutch sympathy. Many are
answers of one country to assertions
and accusations made by the other.
Sbme of the pamphlets are Dutch
writings reacting to the propaganda,
as the famous Raemaeker cartoons
published so widely in this country
during the war.
In another case are books and docu
ments which reveal many points not
generally known, concerning the war,
as, for example, Wilson's peace nego
tiations through private agents with
Austria.
