# Senior Reunion Hits Longbarn Tomorrow
## 
### 
Tomorrow will be the second
gathering date of the year for sen
iors, who will hold their winter re
union, "The Cocktail Party," at
Longbarn.
Planned to be more sophisticated
than the fall event, "Paunch Re
union," Quad clothes will be in or
der. The reunion will last from 3:30
until 6 p.m Free food, drinks at
reduced prices, and musk will be
provided.
Tomorrow will be the second
gathering date of the year for sen
iors, who will hold their winter re
union, "The Cocktail Party," at
Longbarn.
Planned to be more sophisticated
than the fall event, "Paunch Re
union," Quad clothes will be in or
der. The reunion will last from 3:30
until 6 p.m Free food, drinks at
reduced prices, and musk will be
provided.
Tomorrow will be the second
gathering date of the year for sen
iors, who will hold their winter re
union, "The Cocktail Party," at
Longbarn.
Planned to be more sophisticated
than the fall event, "Paunch Re
union," Quad clothes will be in or
der. The reunion will last from 3:30
until 6 p.m Free food, drinks at
reduced prices, and musk will be
provided.
Tomorrow will be the second
gathering date of the year for sen
iors, who will hold their winter re
union, "The Cocktail Party," at
Longbarn.
Planned to be more sophisticated
than the fall event, "Paunch Re
union," Quad clothes will be in or
der. The reunion will last from 3:30
until 6 p.m Free food, drinks at
reduced prices, and musk will be
provided.
Tomorrow will be the second
gathering date of the year for sen
iors, who will hold their winter re
union, "The Cocktail Party," at
Longbarn.
Planned to be more sophisticated
than the fall event, "Paunch Re
union," Quad clothes will be in or
der. The reunion will last from 3:30
until 6 p.m Free food, drinks at
reduced prices, and musk will be
provided.
Tomorrow will be the second
gathering date of the year for sen
iors, who will hold their winter re
union, "The Cocktail Party," at
Longbarn.
Planned to be more sophisticated
than the fall event, "Paunch Re
union," Quad clothes will be in or
der. The reunion will last from 3:30
until 6 p.m Free food, drinks at
reduced prices, and musk will be
provided.
Tomorrow will be the second
gathering date of the year for sen
iors, who will hold their winter re
union, "The Cocktail Party," at
Longbarn.
Planned to be more sophisticated
than the fall event, "Paunch Re
union," Quad clothes will be in or
der. The reunion will last from 3:30
until 6 p.m Free food, drinks at
reduced prices, and musk will be
provided.
Tomorrow will be the second
gathering date of the year for sen
iors, who will hold their winter re
union, "The Cocktail Party," at
Longbarn.
Planned to be more sophisticated
than the fall event, "Paunch Re
union," Quad clothes will be in or
der. The reunion will last from 3:30
until 6 p.m Free food, drinks at
reduced prices, and musk will be
provided.
Tomorrow will be the second
gathering date of the year for sen
iors, who will hold their winter re
union, "The Cocktail Party," at
Longbarn.
Planned to be more sophisticated
than the fall event, "Paunch Re
union," Quad clothes will be in or
der. The reunion will last from 3:30
until 6 p.m Free food, drinks at
reduced prices, and musk will be
provided.
Tomorrow will be the second
gathering date of the year for sen
iors, who will hold their winter re
union, "The Cocktail Party," at
Longbarn.
Planned to be more sophisticated
than the fall event, "Paunch Re
union," Quad clothes will be in or
der. The reunion will last from 3:30
until 6 p.m Free food, drinks at
reduced prices, and musk will be
provided.
Tomorrow will be the second
gathering date of the year for sen
iors, who will hold their winter re
union, "The Cocktail Party," at
Longbarn.
Planned to be more sophisticated
than the fall event, "Paunch Re
union," Quad clothes will be in or
der. The reunion will last from 3:30
until 6 p.m Free food, drinks at
reduced prices, and musk will be
provided.
Tomorrow will be the second
gathering date of the year for sen
iors, who will hold their winter re
union, "The Cocktail Party," at
Longbarn.
Planned to be more sophisticated
than the fall event, "Paunch Re
union," Quad clothes will be in or
der. The reunion will last from 3:30
until 6 p.m Free food, drinks at
reduced prices, and musk will be
provided.
Tomorrow will be the second
gathering date of the year for sen
iors, who will hold their winter re
union, "The Cocktail Party," at
Longbarn.
Planned to be more sophisticated
than the fall event, "Paunch Re
union," Quad clothes will be in or
der. The reunion will last from 3:30
until 6 p.m Free food, drinks at
reduced prices, and musk will be
provided.
Tomorrow will be the second
gathering date of the year for sen
iors, who will hold their winter re
union, "The Cocktail Party," at
Longbarn.
Planned to be more sophisticated
than the fall event, "Paunch Re
union," Quad clothes will be in or
der. The reunion will last from 3:30
until 6 p.m Free food, drinks at
reduced prices, and musk will be
provided.
