# HENDRICKS INJURED
## 
### 
High-scoring junior varsity eager
John Hendricks will be out of ac
tion temporarily with a broken rib
which he received in the game with
College of Marin on Saturday night.
High-scoring junior varsity eager
John Hendricks will be out of ac
tion temporarily with a broken rib
which he received in the game with
College of Marin on Saturday night.
High-scoring junior varsity eager
John Hendricks will be out of ac
tion temporarily with a broken rib
which he received in the game with
College of Marin on Saturday night.
High-scoring junior varsity eager
John Hendricks will be out of ac
tion temporarily with a broken rib
which he received in the game with
College of Marin on Saturday night.
High-scoring junior varsity eager
John Hendricks will be out of ac
tion temporarily with a broken rib
which he received in the game with
College of Marin on Saturday night.
High-scoring junior varsity eager
John Hendricks will be out of ac
tion temporarily with a broken rib
which he received in the game with
College of Marin on Saturday night.
High-scoring junior varsity eager
John Hendricks will be out of ac
tion temporarily with a broken rib
which he received in the game with
College of Marin on Saturday night.
High-scoring junior varsity eager
John Hendricks will be out of ac
tion temporarily with a broken rib
which he received in the game with
College of Marin on Saturday night.
High-scoring junior varsity eager
John Hendricks will be out of ac
tion temporarily with a broken rib
which he received in the game with
College of Marin on Saturday night.
High-scoring junior varsity eager
John Hendricks will be out of ac
tion temporarily with a broken rib
which he received in the game with
College of Marin on Saturday night.
High-scoring junior varsity eager
John Hendricks will be out of ac
tion temporarily with a broken rib
which he received in the game with
College of Marin on Saturday night.
High-scoring junior varsity eager
John Hendricks will be out of ac
tion temporarily with a broken rib
which he received in the game with
College of Marin on Saturday night.
High-scoring junior varsity eager
John Hendricks will be out of ac
tion temporarily with a broken rib
which he received in the game with
College of Marin on Saturday night.
High-scoring junior varsity eager
John Hendricks will be out of ac
tion temporarily with a broken rib
which he received in the game with
College of Marin on Saturday night.
