# Dr. Hubbert to Open Geological Lectures
## 
### 
Dr. M. King Hubbert of Shell Oil
Company will give the first in a se
ries of three lectures on "The Geo
logical Consequences of the Rise of
the Human Species" tomorrow at 4
p.m. in Room 320, Geology Corner.
He will continue the series Thurs
day and Friday at the same time
and place.
Dr. Hubbert, according to a re
lease from the Stanford chapter of
the Geological and Mining Society,
is well known in the fields of geol
ogy) geophysics, hydrodynamics, and
mineral economics.
Dr. M. King Hubbert of Shell Oil
Company will give the first in a se
ries of three lectures on "The Geo
logical Consequences of the Rise of
the Human Species" tomorrow at 4
p.m. in Room 320, Geology Corner.
He will continue the series Thurs
day and Friday at the same time
and place.
Dr. Hubbert, according to a re
lease from the Stanford chapter of
the Geological and Mining Society,
is well known in the fields of geol
ogy) geophysics, hydrodynamics, and
mineral economics.
Dr. M. King Hubbert of Shell Oil
Company will give the first in a se
ries of three lectures on "The Geo
logical Consequences of the Rise of
the Human Species" tomorrow at 4
p.m. in Room 320, Geology Corner.
He will continue the series Thurs
day and Friday at the same time
and place.
Dr. Hubbert, according to a re
lease from the Stanford chapter of
the Geological and Mining Society,
is well known in the fields of geol
ogy) geophysics, hydrodynamics, and
mineral economics.
Dr. M. King Hubbert of Shell Oil
Company will give the first in a se
ries of three lectures on "The Geo
logical Consequences of the Rise of
the Human Species" tomorrow at 4
p.m. in Room 320, Geology Corner.
He will continue the series Thurs
day and Friday at the same time
and place.
Dr. Hubbert, according to a re
lease from the Stanford chapter of
the Geological and Mining Society,
is well known in the fields of geol
ogy) geophysics, hydrodynamics, and
mineral economics.
Dr. M. King Hubbert of Shell Oil
Company will give the first in a se
ries of three lectures on "The Geo
logical Consequences of the Rise of
the Human Species" tomorrow at 4
p.m. in Room 320, Geology Corner.
He will continue the series Thurs
day and Friday at the same time
and place.
Dr. Hubbert, according to a re
lease from the Stanford chapter of
the Geological and Mining Society,
is well known in the fields of geol
ogy) geophysics, hydrodynamics, and
mineral economics.
Dr. M. King Hubbert of Shell Oil
Company will give the first in a se
ries of three lectures on "The Geo
logical Consequences of the Rise of
the Human Species" tomorrow at 4
p.m. in Room 320, Geology Corner.
He will continue the series Thurs
day and Friday at the same time
and place.
Dr. Hubbert, according to a re
lease from the Stanford chapter of
the Geological and Mining Society,
is well known in the fields of geol
ogy) geophysics, hydrodynamics, and
mineral economics.
Dr. M. King Hubbert of Shell Oil
Company will give the first in a se
ries of three lectures on "The Geo
logical Consequences of the Rise of
the Human Species" tomorrow at 4
p.m. in Room 320, Geology Corner.
He will continue the series Thurs
day and Friday at the same time
and place.
Dr. Hubbert, according to a re
lease from the Stanford chapter of
the Geological and Mining Society,
is well known in the fields of geol
ogy) geophysics, hydrodynamics, and
mineral economics.
Dr. M. King Hubbert of Shell Oil
Company will give the first in a se
ries of three lectures on "The Geo
logical Consequences of the Rise of
the Human Species" tomorrow at 4
p.m. in Room 320, Geology Corner.
He will continue the series Thurs
day and Friday at the same time
and place.
Dr. Hubbert, according to a re
lease from the Stanford chapter of
the Geological and Mining Society,
is well known in the fields of geol
ogy) geophysics, hydrodynamics, and
mineral economics.
Dr. M. King Hubbert of Shell Oil
Company will give the first in a se
ries of three lectures on "The Geo
logical Consequences of the Rise of
the Human Species" tomorrow at 4
p.m. in Room 320, Geology Corner.
He will continue the series Thurs
day and Friday at the same time
and place.
Dr. Hubbert, according to a re
lease from the Stanford chapter of
the Geological and Mining Society,
is well known in the fields of geol
ogy) geophysics, hydrodynamics, and
mineral economics.
Dr. M. King Hubbert of Shell Oil
Company will give the first in a se
ries of three lectures on "The Geo
logical Consequences of the Rise of
the Human Species" tomorrow at 4
p.m. in Room 320, Geology Corner.
He will continue the series Thurs
day and Friday at the same time
and place.
Dr. Hubbert, according to a re
lease from the Stanford chapter of
the Geological and Mining Society,
is well known in the fields of geol
ogy) geophysics, hydrodynamics, and
mineral economics.
Dr. M. King Hubbert of Shell Oil
Company will give the first in a se
ries of three lectures on "The Geo
logical Consequences of the Rise of
the Human Species" tomorrow at 4
p.m. in Room 320, Geology Corner.
He will continue the series Thurs
day and Friday at the same time
and place.
Dr. Hubbert, according to a re
lease from the Stanford chapter of
the Geological and Mining Society,
is well known in the fields of geol
ogy) geophysics, hydrodynamics, and
mineral economics.
Dr. M. King Hubbert of Shell Oil
Company will give the first in a se
ries of three lectures on "The Geo
logical Consequences of the Rise of
the Human Species" tomorrow at 4
p.m. in Room 320, Geology Corner.
He will continue the series Thurs
day and Friday at the same time
and place.
Dr. Hubbert, according to a re
lease from the Stanford chapter of
the Geological and Mining Society,
is well known in the fields of geol
ogy) geophysics, hydrodynamics, and
mineral economics.
Dr. M. King Hubbert of Shell Oil
Company will give the first in a se
ries of three lectures on "The Geo
logical Consequences of the Rise of
the Human Species" tomorrow at 4
p.m. in Room 320, Geology Corner.
He will continue the series Thurs
day and Friday at the same time
and place.
Dr. Hubbert, according to a re
lease from the Stanford chapter of
the Geological and Mining Society,
is well known in the fields of geol
ogy) geophysics, hydrodynamics, and
mineral economics.
Dr. M. King Hubbert of Shell Oil
Company will give the first in a se
ries of three lectures on "The Geo
logical Consequences of the Rise of
the Human Species" tomorrow at 4
p.m. in Room 320, Geology Corner.
He will continue the series Thurs
day and Friday at the same time
and place.
Dr. Hubbert, according to a re
lease from the Stanford chapter of
the Geological and Mining Society,
is well known in the fields of geol
ogy) geophysics, hydrodynamics, and
mineral economics.
