# SPONSOR HOUSE DRAWINGS
## 
### 
Sponsor drawings for spring quar
ter residences will be held tomor
row at the Housing Office, Room
101-A, from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. For
further information contact Susan
Cook, Roble, or Edith Strauss,
Sponsor drawings for spring quar
ter residences will be held tomor
row at the Housing Office, Room
101-A, from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. For
further information contact Susan
Cook, Roble, or Edith Strauss,
Sponsor drawings for spring quar
ter residences will be held tomor
row at the Housing Office, Room
101-A, from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. For
further information contact Susan
Cook, Roble, or Edith Strauss,
Sponsor drawings for spring quar
ter residences will be held tomor
row at the Housing Office, Room
101-A, from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. For
further information contact Susan
Cook, Roble, or Edith Strauss,
Sponsor drawings for spring quar
ter residences will be held tomor
row at the Housing Office, Room
101-A, from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. For
further information contact Susan
Cook, Roble, or Edith Strauss,
Sponsor drawings for spring quar
ter residences will be held tomor
row at the Housing Office, Room
101-A, from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. For
further information contact Susan
Cook, Roble, or Edith Strauss,
Sponsor drawings for spring quar
ter residences will be held tomor
row at the Housing Office, Room
101-A, from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. For
further information contact Susan
Cook, Roble, or Edith Strauss,
Sponsor drawings for spring quar
ter residences will be held tomor
row at the Housing Office, Room
101-A, from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. For
further information contact Susan
Cook, Roble, or Edith Strauss,
Sponsor drawings for spring quar
ter residences will be held tomor
row at the Housing Office, Room
101-A, from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. For
further information contact Susan
Cook, Roble, or Edith Strauss,
Sponsor drawings for spring quar
ter residences will be held tomor
row at the Housing Office, Room
101-A, from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. For
further information contact Susan
Cook, Roble, or Edith Strauss,
Sponsor drawings for spring quar
ter residences will be held tomor
row at the Housing Office, Room
101-A, from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. For
further information contact Susan
Cook, Roble, or Edith Strauss,
Sponsor drawings for spring quar
ter residences will be held tomor
row at the Housing Office, Room
101-A, from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. For
further information contact Susan
Cook, Roble, or Edith Strauss,
Sponsor drawings for spring quar
ter residences will be held tomor
row at the Housing Office, Room
101-A, from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. For
further information contact Susan
Cook, Roble, or Edith Strauss,
Sponsor drawings for spring quar
ter residences will be held tomor
row at the Housing Office, Room
101-A, from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. For
further information contact Susan
Cook, Roble, or Edith Strauss,
