# Campus Opinion
## MORE EYE-DROPPERS 
### 
The Editor, Sir:
The truism that "The pen is
mightier than the sword," having
reigned supreme throughout the
history of civilization, now sees the
dark face of a contestant for the
throne. This capable, twentieth
century usurper is the more funda
mental truth ihat "The Eve-dropper
is mightier than the Pen."
For was not the great and incom
parable Abe Mellinkoff assailed
with eye-dropper; and was not ho
forced to drop his mighty pen and
pick up eye-dropper in defense?
Yeah, verily! And also was one
Bull Sessioner's friend constrained
even to arm himself with an eye
dropper and fight by MellinkofFs
side.
And so effective and so discon
certing to Abe was the first eye
dropper assault that he was forced
to accuse his attacker of picking
pansies for his own buttonhole,
while that worthy was clearly en
gaged in the more virile and com
mendable pastime of picking very
ripe grapefruit for the benefit of
said Abraham.
This battle reminds us of thosp
water pistol contests of youth, and
of buckets tipped hopefully over
Encina stairways. Insofar as we re
member, in such encounters gentle
manly youth has always restricted
ithelf to water. â€”Lorrill Palm
