# F.D.R. SAYS "PLAY BALL"
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16— (UP)
—'President Roosevelt took a load
off the mind of baseball owners in
the major circuits today when he
declared that he thought the war
should not be permitted to black
out the national pastime.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16— (UP)
—'President Roosevelt took a load
off the mind of baseball owners in
the major circuits today when he
declared that he thought the war
should not be permitted to black
out the national pastime.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16— (UP)
—'President Roosevelt took a load
off the mind of baseball owners in
the major circuits today when he
declared that he thought the war
should not be permitted to black
out the national pastime.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16— (UP)
—'President Roosevelt took a load
off the mind of baseball owners in
the major circuits today when he
declared that he thought the war
should not be permitted to black
out the national pastime.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16— (UP)
—'President Roosevelt took a load
off the mind of baseball owners in
the major circuits today when he
declared that he thought the war
should not be permitted to black
out the national pastime.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16— (UP)
—'President Roosevelt took a load
off the mind of baseball owners in
the major circuits today when he
declared that he thought the war
should not be permitted to black
out the national pastime.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16— (UP)
—'President Roosevelt took a load
off the mind of baseball owners in
the major circuits today when he
declared that he thought the war
should not be permitted to black
out the national pastime.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16— (UP)
—'President Roosevelt took a load
off the mind of baseball owners in
the major circuits today when he
declared that he thought the war
should not be permitted to black
out the national pastime.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16— (UP)
—'President Roosevelt took a load
off the mind of baseball owners in
the major circuits today when he
declared that he thought the war
should not be permitted to black
out the national pastime.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16— (UP)
—'President Roosevelt took a load
off the mind of baseball owners in
the major circuits today when he
declared that he thought the war
should not be permitted to black
out the national pastime.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16— (UP)
—'President Roosevelt took a load
off the mind of baseball owners in
the major circuits today when he
declared that he thought the war
should not be permitted to black
out the national pastime.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16— (UP)
—'President Roosevelt took a load
off the mind of baseball owners in
the major circuits today when he
declared that he thought the war
should not be permitted to black
out the national pastime.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16— (UP)
—'President Roosevelt took a load
off the mind of baseball owners in
the major circuits today when he
declared that he thought the war
should not be permitted to black
out the national pastime.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16— (UP)
—'President Roosevelt took a load
off the mind of baseball owners in
the major circuits today when he
declared that he thought the war
should not be permitted to black
out the national pastime.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16— (UP)
—'President Roosevelt took a load
off the mind of baseball owners in
the major circuits today when he
declared that he thought the war
should not be permitted to black
out the national pastime.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16— (UP)
—'President Roosevelt took a load
off the mind of baseball owners in
the major circuits today when he
declared that he thought the war
should not be permitted to black
out the national pastime.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16— (UP)
—'President Roosevelt took a load
off the mind of baseball owners in
the major circuits today when he
declared that he thought the war
should not be permitted to black
out the national pastime.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16— (UP)
—'President Roosevelt took a load
off the mind of baseball owners in
the major circuits today when he
declared that he thought the war
should not be permitted to black
out the national pastime.
