# Trackmen Select 1966 Captains
## 
### 
The Stanford track squads
elected varsity and freshman
captains yesterday afternoon.
Bob Stoeker was selected as the
varsity captain, and Pat Morri
son and Tom Kommers were
chosen as frosh co-captains.
Stoeker topped the nation
last spring, winning the NCAA
discus throw. Stoeker, a senior
from Los Altos, has a best ef
fort of 186' 6" in the discus.
Stoeker also competes in the
shot put and javelin throw.
Morrison, a sprinter from Lon
don, England, has recorded a
9.6 100 yard dash and a 22.1
220. Morrison was the British
220 champion last year.
Kommers, a hurdler from
Washington, has recorded best
times of 14.3 for the high hur
dles, and 19.8 for the 180 lows.
