# French Films Will Be Shown Twice
## 
### 
Because of the overwhelming
demand for series subscriptions
to the French Film Series, Film
Forum and the Department of
French and Italian will initiate
a 9:30 showing, beginning with
this Thursday's film. Liaisons
Dangereuses 1960 in Cubberley
Auditorium. Series subscriptions
for the 9:30 show will bo avail
able at Tresidder Union Box Of
fice and at the door.
Also to be screened this quarter
are Forbidden Games, IVlunon,
Devil in the Flesh, and the con
troversial Last Year at Marien
bad. In addition, Rene Clement's
adaption of the Zola novel Ger
vaise, Louis Malle's Frantic and
Max Ophul's The Karrin«s of Ma
dame 1>«» will be shown.
