# Untitled Article
## 
### 
According to present indications
all the good work accomplished
with the track team last year is to
be minimized this fall by the evi
dent disinterest that seems to pre
vail regarding fall training. One
may be inclined to inquire whether
the decision has been reached that
the recent victory was not due af
ter all to the careful period of pre
liminary practice instituted last
season. Evidently the California
track management has learned les
sons from Stanford's victory, for
fall training has been started at
Berkeley for the first time and
nearly a hundred aspirants for the
track are going through daily work.
Last fall at this corresponding time
sixty candidates had been going
through careful and painstaking
practice on the oval for three weeks
previous. The results were seen in
the first victory in a field meet that
had come to Stanford since inter
collegiate contests were begun. So
far no call has been issued for can
didates, and there seems to be very
little prospect of one being put out
until the return of the captain. If
the men are then sent out, it will
mean a loss of nearly five weeks.
Something should be done, and that
very soon. If fall training is de
layed, spring practice will begin
under very serious handicap. The
present apathy here is in such rad
ical contrast with the interest in
track that is now being shown at
other colleges that adverse com
ment is easily explainable. At
nearly every Eastern institution of
known rank preparations for fall
track meets are going along actively.
There seems to be no valid reason
why similar activity should not be
evidenced at Stanford, where weath
er conditions are so much more fav
orable.
According to present indications
all the good work accomplished
with the track team last year is to
be minimized this fall by the evi
dent disinterest that seems to pre
vail regarding fall training. One
may be inclined to inquire whether
the decision has been reached that
the recent victory was not due af
ter all to the careful period of pre
liminary practice instituted last
season. Evidently the California
track management has learned les
sons from Stanford's victory, for
fall training has been started at
Berkeley for the first time and
nearly a hundred aspirants for the
track are going through daily work.
Last fall at this corresponding time
sixty candidates had been going
through careful and painstaking
practice on the oval for three weeks
previous. The results were seen in
the first victory in a field meet that
had come to Stanford since inter
collegiate contests were begun. So
far no call has been issued for can
didates, and there seems to be very
little prospect of one being put out
until the return of the captain. If
the men are then sent out, it will
mean a loss of nearly five weeks.
Something should be done, and that
very soon. If fall training is de
layed, spring practice will begin
under very serious handicap. The
present apathy here is in such rad
ical contrast with the interest in
track that is now being shown at
other colleges that adverse com
ment is easily explainable. At
nearly every Eastern institution of
known rank preparations for fall
track meets are going along actively.
There seems to be no valid reason
why similar activity should not be
evidenced at Stanford, where weath
er conditions are so much more fav
orable.
According to present indications
all the good work accomplished
with the track team last year is to
be minimized this fall by the evi
dent disinterest that seems to pre
vail regarding fall training. One
may be inclined to inquire whether
the decision has been reached that
the recent victory was not due af
ter all to the careful period of pre
liminary practice instituted last
season. Evidently the California
track management has learned les
sons from Stanford's victory, for
fall training has been started at
Berkeley for the first time and
nearly a hundred aspirants for the
track are going through daily work.
Last fall at this corresponding time
sixty candidates had been going
through careful and painstaking
practice on the oval for three weeks
previous. The results were seen in
the first victory in a field meet that
had come to Stanford since inter
collegiate contests were begun. So
far no call has been issued for can
didates, and there seems to be very
little prospect of one being put out
until the return of the captain. If
the men are then sent out, it will
mean a loss of nearly five weeks.
Something should be done, and that
very soon. If fall training is de
layed, spring practice will begin
under very serious handicap. The
present apathy here is in such rad
ical contrast with the interest in
track that is now being shown at
other colleges that adverse com
ment is easily explainable. At
nearly every Eastern institution of
known rank preparations for fall
track meets are going along actively.
There seems to be no valid reason
why similar activity should not be
evidenced at Stanford, where weath
er conditions are so much more fav
orable.
According to present indications
all the good work accomplished
with the track team last year is to
be minimized this fall by the evi
dent disinterest that seems to pre
vail regarding fall training. One
may be inclined to inquire whether
the decision has been reached that
the recent victory was not due af
ter all to the careful period of pre
liminary practice instituted last
season. Evidently the California
track management has learned les
sons from Stanford's victory, for
fall training has been started at
Berkeley for the first time and
nearly a hundred aspirants for the
track are going through daily work.
Last fall at this corresponding time
sixty candidates had been going
through careful and painstaking
practice on the oval for three weeks
previous. The results were seen in
the first victory in a field meet that
had come to Stanford since inter
collegiate contests were begun. So
far no call has been issued for can
didates, and there seems to be very
little prospect of one being put out
until the return of the captain. If
the men are then sent out, it will
mean a loss of nearly five weeks.
Something should be done, and that
very soon. If fall training is de
layed, spring practice will begin
under very serious handicap. The
present apathy here is in such rad
ical contrast with the interest in
track that is now being shown at
other colleges that adverse com
ment is easily explainable. At
nearly every Eastern institution of
known rank preparations for fall
track meets are going along actively.
There seems to be no valid reason
why similar activity should not be
evidenced at Stanford, where weath
er conditions are so much more fav
orable.
According to present indications
all the good work accomplished
with the track team last year is to
be minimized this fall by the evi
dent disinterest that seems to pre
vail regarding fall training. One
may be inclined to inquire whether
the decision has been reached that
the recent victory was not due af
ter all to the careful period of pre
liminary practice instituted last
season. Evidently the California
track management has learned les
sons from Stanford's victory, for
fall training has been started at
Berkeley for the first time and
nearly a hundred aspirants for the
track are going through daily work.
Last fall at this corresponding time
sixty candidates had been going
through careful and painstaking
practice on the oval for three weeks
previous. The results were seen in
the first victory in a field meet that
had come to Stanford since inter
collegiate contests were begun. So
far no call has been issued for can
didates, and there seems to be very
little prospect of one being put out
until the return of the captain. If
the men are then sent out, it will
mean a loss of nearly five weeks.
Something should be done, and that
very soon. If fall training is de
layed, spring practice will begin
under very serious handicap. The
present apathy here is in such rad
ical contrast with the interest in
track that is now being shown at
other colleges that adverse com
ment is easily explainable. At
nearly every Eastern institution of
known rank preparations for fall
track meets are going along actively.
There seems to be no valid reason
why similar activity should not be
evidenced at Stanford, where weath
er conditions are so much more fav
orable.
According to present indications
all the good work accomplished
with the track team last year is to
be minimized this fall by the evi
dent disinterest that seems to pre
vail regarding fall training. One
may be inclined to inquire whether
the decision has been reached that
the recent victory was not due af
ter all to the careful period of pre
liminary practice instituted last
season. Evidently the California
track management has learned les
sons from Stanford's victory, for
fall training has been started at
Berkeley for the first time and
nearly a hundred aspirants for the
track are going through daily work.
Last fall at this corresponding time
sixty candidates had been going
through careful and painstaking
practice on the oval for three weeks
previous. The results were seen in
the first victory in a field meet that
had come to Stanford since inter
collegiate contests were begun. So
far no call has been issued for can
didates, and there seems to be very
little prospect of one being put out
until the return of the captain. If
the men are then sent out, it will
mean a loss of nearly five weeks.
Something should be done, and that
very soon. If fall training is de
layed, spring practice will begin
under very serious handicap. The
present apathy here is in such rad
ical contrast with the interest in
track that is now being shown at
other colleges that adverse com
ment is easily explainable. At
nearly every Eastern institution of
known rank preparations for fall
track meets are going along actively.
There seems to be no valid reason
why similar activity should not be
evidenced at Stanford, where weath
er conditions are so much more fav
orable.
According to present indications
all the good work accomplished
with the track team last year is to
be minimized this fall by the evi
dent disinterest that seems to pre
vail regarding fall training. One
may be inclined to inquire whether
the decision has been reached that
the recent victory was not due af
ter all to the careful period of pre
liminary practice instituted last
season. Evidently the California
track management has learned les
sons from Stanford's victory, for
fall training has been started at
Berkeley for the first time and
nearly a hundred aspirants for the
track are going through daily work.
Last fall at this corresponding time
sixty candidates had been going
through careful and painstaking
practice on the oval for three weeks
previous. The results were seen in
the first victory in a field meet that
had come to Stanford since inter
collegiate contests were begun. So
far no call has been issued for can
didates, and there seems to be very
little prospect of one being put out
until the return of the captain. If
the men are then sent out, it will
mean a loss of nearly five weeks.
Something should be done, and that
very soon. If fall training is de
layed, spring practice will begin
under very serious handicap. The
present apathy here is in such rad
ical contrast with the interest in
track that is now being shown at
other colleges that adverse com
ment is easily explainable. At
nearly every Eastern institution of
known rank preparations for fall
track meets are going along actively.
There seems to be no valid reason
why similar activity should not be
evidenced at Stanford, where weath
er conditions are so much more fav
orable.
According to present indications
all the good work accomplished
with the track team last year is to
be minimized this fall by the evi
dent disinterest that seems to pre
vail regarding fall training. One
may be inclined to inquire whether
the decision has been reached that
the recent victory was not due af
ter all to the careful period of pre
liminary practice instituted last
season. Evidently the California
track management has learned les
sons from Stanford's victory, for
fall training has been started at
Berkeley for the first time and
nearly a hundred aspirants for the
track are going through daily work.
Last fall at this corresponding time
sixty candidates had been going
through careful and painstaking
practice on the oval for three weeks
previous. The results were seen in
the first victory in a field meet that
had come to Stanford since inter
collegiate contests were begun. So
far no call has been issued for can
didates, and there seems to be very
little prospect of one being put out
until the return of the captain. If
the men are then sent out, it will
mean a loss of nearly five weeks.
Something should be done, and that
very soon. If fall training is de
layed, spring practice will begin
under very serious handicap. The
present apathy here is in such rad
ical contrast with the interest in
track that is now being shown at
other colleges that adverse com
ment is easily explainable. At
nearly every Eastern institution of
known rank preparations for fall
track meets are going along actively.
There seems to be no valid reason
why similar activity should not be
evidenced at Stanford, where weath
er conditions are so much more fav
orable.
