# BENEFIT OF HOSPITAL
## Proceeds from Play Under Faculty Direction Will Go to Students Guild. 
### 
The presentation of "A Scrap of
Paper," the play to be given in As
sembly Hall under the direction of
certain faculty members and their
wives, will take place on the eve
ning of November 6th. Rehearsals
are proceeding very satisfactorily
with a portion of those who will
take part, but the complete cast
has not yet been selected. The
proceeds from the undertaking are
to go to the Guild hospital.
Those who are arranging for the
play are Mrs. J. E. Matzke, Mrs.
C. A. Duniway, Mrs. E. P. Cubber
ley, Mrs. Mitchell, Mrs. A. T. Mur
ray, Mrs. C. Searles, Prof. C. A.
Duniway, and Prof. R. E. Allar
dice.
The presentation of "A Scrap of
Paper," the play to be given in As
sembly Hall under the direction of
certain faculty members and their
wives, will take place on the eve
ning of November 6th. Rehearsals
are proceeding very satisfactorily
with a portion of those who will
take part, but the complete cast
has not yet been selected. The
proceeds from the undertaking are
to go to the Guild hospital.
Those who are arranging for the
play are Mrs. J. E. Matzke, Mrs.
C. A. Duniway, Mrs. E. P. Cubber
ley, Mrs. Mitchell, Mrs. A. T. Mur
ray, Mrs. C. Searles, Prof. C. A.
Duniway, and Prof. R. E. Allar
dice.
The presentation of "A Scrap of
Paper," the play to be given in As
sembly Hall under the direction of
certain faculty members and their
wives, will take place on the eve
ning of November 6th. Rehearsals
are proceeding very satisfactorily
with a portion of those who will
take part, but the complete cast
has not yet been selected. The
proceeds from the undertaking are
to go to the Guild hospital.
Those who are arranging for the
play are Mrs. J. E. Matzke, Mrs.
C. A. Duniway, Mrs. E. P. Cubber
ley, Mrs. Mitchell, Mrs. A. T. Mur
ray, Mrs. C. Searles, Prof. C. A.
Duniway, and Prof. R. E. Allar
dice.
The presentation of "A Scrap of
Paper," the play to be given in As
sembly Hall under the direction of
certain faculty members and their
wives, will take place on the eve
ning of November 6th. Rehearsals
are proceeding very satisfactorily
with a portion of those who will
take part, but the complete cast
has not yet been selected. The
proceeds from the undertaking are
to go to the Guild hospital.
Those who are arranging for the
play are Mrs. J. E. Matzke, Mrs.
C. A. Duniway, Mrs. E. P. Cubber
ley, Mrs. Mitchell, Mrs. A. T. Mur
ray, Mrs. C. Searles, Prof. C. A.
Duniway, and Prof. R. E. Allar
dice.
The presentation of "A Scrap of
Paper," the play to be given in As
sembly Hall under the direction of
certain faculty members and their
wives, will take place on the eve
ning of November 6th. Rehearsals
are proceeding very satisfactorily
with a portion of those who will
take part, but the complete cast
has not yet been selected. The
proceeds from the undertaking are
to go to the Guild hospital.
Those who are arranging for the
play are Mrs. J. E. Matzke, Mrs.
C. A. Duniway, Mrs. E. P. Cubber
ley, Mrs. Mitchell, Mrs. A. T. Mur
ray, Mrs. C. Searles, Prof. C. A.
Duniway, and Prof. R. E. Allar
dice.
The presentation of "A Scrap of
Paper," the play to be given in As
sembly Hall under the direction of
certain faculty members and their
wives, will take place on the eve
ning of November 6th. Rehearsals
are proceeding very satisfactorily
with a portion of those who will
take part, but the complete cast
has not yet been selected. The
proceeds from the undertaking are
to go to the Guild hospital.
Those who are arranging for the
play are Mrs. J. E. Matzke, Mrs.
C. A. Duniway, Mrs. E. P. Cubber
ley, Mrs. Mitchell, Mrs. A. T. Mur
ray, Mrs. C. Searles, Prof. C. A.
Duniway, and Prof. R. E. Allar
dice.
The presentation of "A Scrap of
Paper," the play to be given in As
sembly Hall under the direction of
certain faculty members and their
wives, will take place on the eve
ning of November 6th. Rehearsals
are proceeding very satisfactorily
with a portion of those who will
take part, but the complete cast
has not yet been selected. The
proceeds from the undertaking are
to go to the Guild hospital.
Those who are arranging for the
play are Mrs. J. E. Matzke, Mrs.
C. A. Duniway, Mrs. E. P. Cubber
ley, Mrs. Mitchell, Mrs. A. T. Mur
ray, Mrs. C. Searles, Prof. C. A.
Duniway, and Prof. R. E. Allar
dice.
The presentation of "A Scrap of
Paper," the play to be given in As
sembly Hall under the direction of
certain faculty members and their
wives, will take place on the eve
ning of November 6th. Rehearsals
are proceeding very satisfactorily
with a portion of those who will
take part, but the complete cast
has not yet been selected. The
proceeds from the undertaking are
to go to the Guild hospital.
Those who are arranging for the
play are Mrs. J. E. Matzke, Mrs.
C. A. Duniway, Mrs. E. P. Cubber
ley, Mrs. Mitchell, Mrs. A. T. Mur
ray, Mrs. C. Searles, Prof. C. A.
Duniway, and Prof. R. E. Allar
dice.
