# Football Notes.
## 
### 
The heavy field last evening pre
vented the usual line-up. Several
new men were out for the first
time. The "cranks" were especially
pleased at seeing "Jiminie" James
on the gridiron. Fifty-one men
were out.
The men practiced handling the
ball for some time. After this a
short game of Association football
was played in order to give the
men wind. Two freshman elevens
lined up for a few minutes on the
lield east of the gridiron.
There will be varsity practice
after the freshman game tomorrow.
The heavy field last evening pre
vented the usual line-up. Several
new men were out for the first
time. The "cranks" were especially
pleased at seeing "Jiminie" James
on the gridiron. Fifty-one men
were out.
The men practiced handling the
ball for some time. After this a
short game of Association football
was played in order to give the
men wind. Two freshman elevens
lined up for a few minutes on the
lield east of the gridiron.
There will be varsity practice
after the freshman game tomorrow.
The heavy field last evening pre
vented the usual line-up. Several
new men were out for the first
time. The "cranks" were especially
pleased at seeing "Jiminie" James
on the gridiron. Fifty-one men
were out.
The men practiced handling the
ball for some time. After this a
short game of Association football
was played in order to give the
men wind. Two freshman elevens
lined up for a few minutes on the
lield east of the gridiron.
There will be varsity practice
after the freshman game tomorrow.
The heavy field last evening pre
vented the usual line-up. Several
new men were out for the first
time. The "cranks" were especially
pleased at seeing "Jiminie" James
on the gridiron. Fifty-one men
were out.
The men practiced handling the
ball for some time. After this a
short game of Association football
was played in order to give the
men wind. Two freshman elevens
lined up for a few minutes on the
lield east of the gridiron.
There will be varsity practice
after the freshman game tomorrow.
The heavy field last evening pre
vented the usual line-up. Several
new men were out for the first
time. The "cranks" were especially
pleased at seeing "Jiminie" James
on the gridiron. Fifty-one men
were out.
The men practiced handling the
ball for some time. After this a
short game of Association football
was played in order to give the
men wind. Two freshman elevens
lined up for a few minutes on the
lield east of the gridiron.
There will be varsity practice
after the freshman game tomorrow.
