# University Bulletin.
## 
### 
Saturday.
Intercollegiate tennis, California
courts, San Francisco, 9:30.
Sunday.
Sermon, Professor George M. Strat
ton, chapel, 11:00.
Christian Association's meeting, ad
dressed by VV. Martin, California,
7:30.
Monday.
Junior Class meets, chapel, 1:15.
1904 "Quad" election, quadrangle,
1:15.
Saturday.
Intercollegiate tennis, California
courts, San Francisco, 9:30.
Sunday.
Sermon, Professor George M. Strat
ton, chapel, 11:00.
Christian Association's meeting, ad
dressed by VV. Martin, California,
7:30.
Monday.
Junior Class meets, chapel, 1:15.
1904 "Quad" election, quadrangle,
1:15.
Saturday.
Intercollegiate tennis, California
courts, San Francisco, 9:30.
Sunday.
Sermon, Professor George M. Strat
ton, chapel, 11:00.
Christian Association's meeting, ad
dressed by VV. Martin, California,
7:30.
Monday.
Junior Class meets, chapel, 1:15.
1904 "Quad" election, quadrangle,
1:15.
Saturday.
Intercollegiate tennis, California
courts, San Francisco, 9:30.
Sunday.
Sermon, Professor George M. Strat
ton, chapel, 11:00.
Christian Association's meeting, ad
dressed by VV. Martin, California,
7:30.
Monday.
Junior Class meets, chapel, 1:15.
1904 "Quad" election, quadrangle,
1:15.
Saturday.
Intercollegiate tennis, California
courts, San Francisco, 9:30.
Sunday.
Sermon, Professor George M. Strat
ton, chapel, 11:00.
Christian Association's meeting, ad
dressed by VV. Martin, California,
7:30.
Monday.
Junior Class meets, chapel, 1:15.
1904 "Quad" election, quadrangle,
1:15.
Saturday.
Intercollegiate tennis, California
courts, San Francisco, 9:30.
Sunday.
Sermon, Professor George M. Strat
ton, chapel, 11:00.
Christian Association's meeting, ad
dressed by VV. Martin, California,
7:30.
Monday.
Junior Class meets, chapel, 1:15.
1904 "Quad" election, quadrangle,
1:15.
Saturday.
Intercollegiate tennis, California
courts, San Francisco, 9:30.
Sunday.
Sermon, Professor George M. Strat
ton, chapel, 11:00.
Christian Association's meeting, ad
dressed by VV. Martin, California,
7:30.
Monday.
Junior Class meets, chapel, 1:15.
1904 "Quad" election, quadrangle,
1:15.
