# Kuhn Has Appendicitis.
## 
### 
The successive misfortunes which
have followed the track team this
year reached a climax last night
when H. P. Kuhn, the hurdler, was
seized with an attack of appendi
citis at the Antigone performance.
With the advice of Dr. Wilbur he
was removed this afternoon to the
Lane Hospital in San Francisco,
accompanied by M. L. Van Orden,
'04. It is not yet known whether
an operation will be necessary.
The successive misfortunes which
have followed the track team this
year reached a climax last night
when H. P. Kuhn, the hurdler, was
seized with an attack of appendi
citis at the Antigone performance.
With the advice of Dr. Wilbur he
was removed this afternoon to the
Lane Hospital in San Francisco,
accompanied by M. L. Van Orden,
'04. It is not yet known whether
an operation will be necessary.
The successive misfortunes which
have followed the track team this
year reached a climax last night
when H. P. Kuhn, the hurdler, was
seized with an attack of appendi
citis at the Antigone performance.
With the advice of Dr. Wilbur he
was removed this afternoon to the
Lane Hospital in San Francisco,
accompanied by M. L. Van Orden,
'04. It is not yet known whether
an operation will be necessary.
The successive misfortunes which
have followed the track team this
year reached a climax last night
when H. P. Kuhn, the hurdler, was
seized with an attack of appendi
citis at the Antigone performance.
With the advice of Dr. Wilbur he
was removed this afternoon to the
Lane Hospital in San Francisco,
accompanied by M. L. Van Orden,
'04. It is not yet known whether
an operation will be necessary.
The successive misfortunes which
have followed the track team this
year reached a climax last night
when H. P. Kuhn, the hurdler, was
seized with an attack of appendi
citis at the Antigone performance.
With the advice of Dr. Wilbur he
was removed this afternoon to the
Lane Hospital in San Francisco,
accompanied by M. L. Van Orden,
'04. It is not yet known whether
an operation will be necessary.
The successive misfortunes which
have followed the track team this
year reached a climax last night
when H. P. Kuhn, the hurdler, was
seized with an attack of appendi
citis at the Antigone performance.
With the advice of Dr. Wilbur he
was removed this afternoon to the
Lane Hospital in San Francisco,
accompanied by M. L. Van Orden,
'04. It is not yet known whether
an operation will be necessary.
The successive misfortunes which
have followed the track team this
year reached a climax last night
when H. P. Kuhn, the hurdler, was
seized with an attack of appendi
citis at the Antigone performance.
With the advice of Dr. Wilbur he
was removed this afternoon to the
Lane Hospital in San Francisco,
accompanied by M. L. Van Orden,
'04. It is not yet known whether
an operation will be necessary.
