# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Princeton is to have a new boat
honse. The plans provide room for
thirty-two eight-oared shells on the
first floor with baths and lockers on
the second.
Princeton is to have a new boat
honse. The plans provide room for
thirty-two eight-oared shells on the
first floor with baths and lockers on
the second.
Princeton is to have a new boat
honse. The plans provide room for
thirty-two eight-oared shells on the
first floor with baths and lockers on
the second.
Princeton is to have a new boat
honse. The plans provide room for
thirty-two eight-oared shells on the
first floor with baths and lockers on
the second.
Princeton is to have a new boat
honse. The plans provide room for
thirty-two eight-oared shells on the
first floor with baths and lockers on
the second.
Princeton is to have a new boat
honse. The plans provide room for
thirty-two eight-oared shells on the
first floor with baths and lockers on
the second.
Princeton is to have a new boat
honse. The plans provide room for
thirty-two eight-oared shells on the
first floor with baths and lockers on
the second.
Princeton is to have a new boat
honse. The plans provide room for
thirty-two eight-oared shells on the
first floor with baths and lockers on
the second.
Princeton is to have a new boat
honse. The plans provide room for
thirty-two eight-oared shells on the
first floor with baths and lockers on
the second.
Princeton is to have a new boat
honse. The plans provide room for
thirty-two eight-oared shells on the
first floor with baths and lockers on
the second.
Princeton is to have a new boat
honse. The plans provide room for
thirty-two eight-oared shells on the
first floor with baths and lockers on
the second.
Princeton is to have a new boat
honse. The plans provide room for
thirty-two eight-oared shells on the
first floor with baths and lockers on
the second.
Princeton is to have a new boat
honse. The plans provide room for
thirty-two eight-oared shells on the
first floor with baths and lockers on
the second.
Princeton is to have a new boat
honse. The plans provide room for
thirty-two eight-oared shells on the
first floor with baths and lockers on
the second.
