# Adv. 11 Page 4
## 
### 
The Little . . .
CAFETERIA I
... Willson's
429 University Avenue
•
Palo Alto's newest and
most beautiful eating
place
•
Home Cooking
Fresh Vegetables
The Little . . .
CAFETERIA I
... Willson's
429 University Avenue
•
Palo Alto's newest and
most beautiful eating
place
•
Home Cooking
Fresh Vegetables
The Little . . .
CAFETERIA I
... Willson's
429 University Avenue
•
Palo Alto's newest and
most beautiful eating
place
•
Home Cooking
Fresh Vegetables
The Little . . .
CAFETERIA I
... Willson's
429 University Avenue
•
Palo Alto's newest and
most beautiful eating
place
•
Home Cooking
Fresh Vegetables
The Little . . .
CAFETERIA I
... Willson's
429 University Avenue
•
Palo Alto's newest and
most beautiful eating
place
•
Home Cooking
Fresh Vegetables
The Little . . .
CAFETERIA I
... Willson's
429 University Avenue
•
Palo Alto's newest and
most beautiful eating
place
•
Home Cooking
Fresh Vegetables
The Little . . .
CAFETERIA I
... Willson's
429 University Avenue
•
Palo Alto's newest and
most beautiful eating
place
•
Home Cooking
Fresh Vegetables
The Little . . .
CAFETERIA I
... Willson's
429 University Avenue
•
Palo Alto's newest and
most beautiful eating
place
•
Home Cooking
Fresh Vegetables
The Little . . .
CAFETERIA I
... Willson's
429 University Avenue
•
Palo Alto's newest and
most beautiful eating
place
•
Home Cooking
Fresh Vegetables
The Little . . .
CAFETERIA I
... Willson's
429 University Avenue
•
Palo Alto's newest and
most beautiful eating
place
•
Home Cooking
Fresh Vegetables
The Little . . .
CAFETERIA I
... Willson's
429 University Avenue
•
Palo Alto's newest and
most beautiful eating
place
•
Home Cooking
Fresh Vegetables
The Little . . .
CAFETERIA I
... Willson's
429 University Avenue
•
Palo Alto's newest and
most beautiful eating
place
•
Home Cooking
Fresh Vegetables
The Little . . .
CAFETERIA I
... Willson's
429 University Avenue
•
Palo Alto's newest and
most beautiful eating
place
•
Home Cooking
Fresh Vegetables
The Little . . .
CAFETERIA I
... Willson's
429 University Avenue
•
Palo Alto's newest and
most beautiful eating
place
•
Home Cooking
Fresh Vegetables
The Little . . .
CAFETERIA I
... Willson's
429 University Avenue
•
Palo Alto's newest and
most beautiful eating
place
•
Home Cooking
Fresh Vegetables
The Little . . .
CAFETERIA I
... Willson's
429 University Avenue
•
Palo Alto's newest and
most beautiful eating
place
•
Home Cooking
Fresh Vegetables
