# Car Licenses Obtainable In Palo Alto
## 
### 
Automobile license plates for
1936 may be obtained at a tem
porary branch office of the Divi
sion of Motor Vehicles located at
231 Hamilton Avenue in the Card
inal Hotel Building. Members of
California State Automobile As
sociation may obtain their new
plates at the AAA office in the
President Hotel Building.
All plates must be obtained by
January 31 or else a fine will be
added to the regular fee. Along
with the auto license white slips
of this year, the person must
bring the notice of the amount
tax on his car which must be paid
in addition to the regular three
dollar fee.
Automobile license plates for
1936 may be obtained at a tem
porary branch office of the Divi
sion of Motor Vehicles located at
231 Hamilton Avenue in the Card
inal Hotel Building. Members of
California State Automobile As
sociation may obtain their new
plates at the AAA office in the
President Hotel Building.
All plates must be obtained by
January 31 or else a fine will be
added to the regular fee. Along
with the auto license white slips
of this year, the person must
bring the notice of the amount
tax on his car which must be paid
in addition to the regular three
dollar fee.
Automobile license plates for
1936 may be obtained at a tem
porary branch office of the Divi
sion of Motor Vehicles located at
231 Hamilton Avenue in the Card
inal Hotel Building. Members of
California State Automobile As
sociation may obtain their new
plates at the AAA office in the
President Hotel Building.
All plates must be obtained by
January 31 or else a fine will be
added to the regular fee. Along
with the auto license white slips
of this year, the person must
bring the notice of the amount
tax on his car which must be paid
in addition to the regular three
dollar fee.
Automobile license plates for
1936 may be obtained at a tem
porary branch office of the Divi
sion of Motor Vehicles located at
231 Hamilton Avenue in the Card
inal Hotel Building. Members of
California State Automobile As
sociation may obtain their new
plates at the AAA office in the
President Hotel Building.
All plates must be obtained by
January 31 or else a fine will be
added to the regular fee. Along
with the auto license white slips
of this year, the person must
bring the notice of the amount
tax on his car which must be paid
in addition to the regular three
dollar fee.
Automobile license plates for
1936 may be obtained at a tem
porary branch office of the Divi
sion of Motor Vehicles located at
231 Hamilton Avenue in the Card
inal Hotel Building. Members of
California State Automobile As
sociation may obtain their new
plates at the AAA office in the
President Hotel Building.
All plates must be obtained by
January 31 or else a fine will be
added to the regular fee. Along
with the auto license white slips
of this year, the person must
bring the notice of the amount
tax on his car which must be paid
in addition to the regular three
dollar fee.
Automobile license plates for
1936 may be obtained at a tem
porary branch office of the Divi
sion of Motor Vehicles located at
231 Hamilton Avenue in the Card
inal Hotel Building. Members of
California State Automobile As
sociation may obtain their new
plates at the AAA office in the
President Hotel Building.
All plates must be obtained by
January 31 or else a fine will be
added to the regular fee. Along
with the auto license white slips
of this year, the person must
bring the notice of the amount
tax on his car which must be paid
in addition to the regular three
dollar fee.
Automobile license plates for
1936 may be obtained at a tem
porary branch office of the Divi
sion of Motor Vehicles located at
231 Hamilton Avenue in the Card
inal Hotel Building. Members of
California State Automobile As
sociation may obtain their new
plates at the AAA office in the
President Hotel Building.
All plates must be obtained by
January 31 or else a fine will be
added to the regular fee. Along
with the auto license white slips
of this year, the person must
bring the notice of the amount
tax on his car which must be paid
in addition to the regular three
dollar fee.
Automobile license plates for
1936 may be obtained at a tem
porary branch office of the Divi
sion of Motor Vehicles located at
231 Hamilton Avenue in the Card
inal Hotel Building. Members of
California State Automobile As
sociation may obtain their new
plates at the AAA office in the
President Hotel Building.
All plates must be obtained by
January 31 or else a fine will be
added to the regular fee. Along
with the auto license white slips
of this year, the person must
bring the notice of the amount
tax on his car which must be paid
in addition to the regular three
dollar fee.
Automobile license plates for
1936 may be obtained at a tem
porary branch office of the Divi
sion of Motor Vehicles located at
231 Hamilton Avenue in the Card
inal Hotel Building. Members of
California State Automobile As
sociation may obtain their new
plates at the AAA office in the
President Hotel Building.
All plates must be obtained by
January 31 or else a fine will be
added to the regular fee. Along
with the auto license white slips
of this year, the person must
bring the notice of the amount
tax on his car which must be paid
in addition to the regular three
dollar fee.
Automobile license plates for
1936 may be obtained at a tem
porary branch office of the Divi
sion of Motor Vehicles located at
231 Hamilton Avenue in the Card
inal Hotel Building. Members of
California State Automobile As
sociation may obtain their new
plates at the AAA office in the
President Hotel Building.
All plates must be obtained by
January 31 or else a fine will be
added to the regular fee. Along
with the auto license white slips
of this year, the person must
bring the notice of the amount
tax on his car which must be paid
in addition to the regular three
dollar fee.
Automobile license plates for
1936 may be obtained at a tem
porary branch office of the Divi
sion of Motor Vehicles located at
231 Hamilton Avenue in the Card
inal Hotel Building. Members of
California State Automobile As
sociation may obtain their new
plates at the AAA office in the
President Hotel Building.
All plates must be obtained by
January 31 or else a fine will be
added to the regular fee. Along
with the auto license white slips
of this year, the person must
bring the notice of the amount
tax on his car which must be paid
in addition to the regular three
dollar fee.
Automobile license plates for
1936 may be obtained at a tem
porary branch office of the Divi
sion of Motor Vehicles located at
231 Hamilton Avenue in the Card
inal Hotel Building. Members of
California State Automobile As
sociation may obtain their new
plates at the AAA office in the
President Hotel Building.
All plates must be obtained by
January 31 or else a fine will be
added to the regular fee. Along
with the auto license white slips
of this year, the person must
bring the notice of the amount
tax on his car which must be paid
in addition to the regular three
dollar fee.
Automobile license plates for
1936 may be obtained at a tem
porary branch office of the Divi
sion of Motor Vehicles located at
231 Hamilton Avenue in the Card
inal Hotel Building. Members of
California State Automobile As
sociation may obtain their new
plates at the AAA office in the
President Hotel Building.
All plates must be obtained by
January 31 or else a fine will be
added to the regular fee. Along
with the auto license white slips
of this year, the person must
bring the notice of the amount
tax on his car which must be paid
in addition to the regular three
dollar fee.
Automobile license plates for
1936 may be obtained at a tem
porary branch office of the Divi
sion of Motor Vehicles located at
231 Hamilton Avenue in the Card
inal Hotel Building. Members of
California State Automobile As
sociation may obtain their new
plates at the AAA office in the
President Hotel Building.
All plates must be obtained by
January 31 or else a fine will be
added to the regular fee. Along
with the auto license white slips
of this year, the person must
bring the notice of the amount
tax on his car which must be paid
in addition to the regular three
dollar fee.
Automobile license plates for
1936 may be obtained at a tem
porary branch office of the Divi
sion of Motor Vehicles located at
231 Hamilton Avenue in the Card
inal Hotel Building. Members of
California State Automobile As
sociation may obtain their new
plates at the AAA office in the
President Hotel Building.
All plates must be obtained by
January 31 or else a fine will be
added to the regular fee. Along
with the auto license white slips
of this year, the person must
bring the notice of the amount
tax on his car which must be paid
in addition to the regular three
dollar fee.
Automobile license plates for
1936 may be obtained at a tem
porary branch office of the Divi
sion of Motor Vehicles located at
231 Hamilton Avenue in the Card
inal Hotel Building. Members of
California State Automobile As
sociation may obtain their new
plates at the AAA office in the
President Hotel Building.
All plates must be obtained by
January 31 or else a fine will be
added to the regular fee. Along
with the auto license white slips
of this year, the person must
bring the notice of the amount
tax on his car which must be paid
in addition to the regular three
dollar fee.
