# Frosh Coach
## 
### 

Bill Ellington, hard-boiled coach
of , Stanford's freshman track j
team, looks forward to another |
successful season for this year's J
yearling crop.

Bill Ellington, hard-boiled coach
of , Stanford's freshman track j
team, looks forward to another |
successful season for this year's J
yearling crop.

Bill Ellington, hard-boiled coach
of , Stanford's freshman track j
team, looks forward to another |
successful season for this year's J
yearling crop.

Bill Ellington, hard-boiled coach
of , Stanford's freshman track j
team, looks forward to another |
successful season for this year's J
yearling crop.

Bill Ellington, hard-boiled coach
of , Stanford's freshman track j
team, looks forward to another |
successful season for this year's J
yearling crop.

Bill Ellington, hard-boiled coach
of , Stanford's freshman track j
team, looks forward to another |
successful season for this year's J
yearling crop.

Bill Ellington, hard-boiled coach
of , Stanford's freshman track j
team, looks forward to another |
successful season for this year's J
yearling crop.

Bill Ellington, hard-boiled coach
of , Stanford's freshman track j
team, looks forward to another |
successful season for this year's J
yearling crop.

Bill Ellington, hard-boiled coach
of , Stanford's freshman track j
team, looks forward to another |
successful season for this year's J
yearling crop.

Bill Ellington, hard-boiled coach
of , Stanford's freshman track j
team, looks forward to another |
successful season for this year's J
yearling crop.

Bill Ellington, hard-boiled coach
of , Stanford's freshman track j
team, looks forward to another |
successful season for this year's J
yearling crop.

Bill Ellington, hard-boiled coach
of , Stanford's freshman track j
team, looks forward to another |
successful season for this year's J
yearling crop.

Bill Ellington, hard-boiled coach
of , Stanford's freshman track j
team, looks forward to another |
successful season for this year's J
yearling crop.

Bill Ellington, hard-boiled coach
of , Stanford's freshman track j
team, looks forward to another |
successful season for this year's J
yearling crop.

Bill Ellington, hard-boiled coach
of , Stanford's freshman track j
team, looks forward to another |
successful season for this year's J
yearling crop.
