# Learning by Adults Radio Hour Topic
## 
### 
Explaining the psychological laws
that determine one's capacity for
learning at certain ages, Dr. Ernest
K. Hilgard, associate professor of
psychology, will speak on -Adult
Learning" over the Stanford Radio
Hour from station KGO at 8 o'clock
Monday night.
The frequently uttered statement
that adults cannot learn as rapidly
as young people contains just
enough truth to discourage older
people from trying to learn new
lacts and skills, although it is a
misapprehension that "you cannot
teach an old dog new tricks."
Explaining the psychological laws
that determine one's capacity for
learning at certain ages, Dr. Ernest
K. Hilgard, associate professor of
psychology, will speak on -Adult
Learning" over the Stanford Radio
Hour from station KGO at 8 o'clock
Monday night.
The frequently uttered statement
that adults cannot learn as rapidly
as young people contains just
enough truth to discourage older
people from trying to learn new
lacts and skills, although it is a
misapprehension that "you cannot
teach an old dog new tricks."
Explaining the psychological laws
that determine one's capacity for
learning at certain ages, Dr. Ernest
K. Hilgard, associate professor of
psychology, will speak on -Adult
Learning" over the Stanford Radio
Hour from station KGO at 8 o'clock
Monday night.
The frequently uttered statement
that adults cannot learn as rapidly
as young people contains just
enough truth to discourage older
people from trying to learn new
lacts and skills, although it is a
misapprehension that "you cannot
teach an old dog new tricks."
Explaining the psychological laws
that determine one's capacity for
learning at certain ages, Dr. Ernest
K. Hilgard, associate professor of
psychology, will speak on -Adult
Learning" over the Stanford Radio
Hour from station KGO at 8 o'clock
Monday night.
The frequently uttered statement
that adults cannot learn as rapidly
as young people contains just
enough truth to discourage older
people from trying to learn new
lacts and skills, although it is a
misapprehension that "you cannot
teach an old dog new tricks."
Explaining the psychological laws
that determine one's capacity for
learning at certain ages, Dr. Ernest
K. Hilgard, associate professor of
psychology, will speak on -Adult
Learning" over the Stanford Radio
Hour from station KGO at 8 o'clock
Monday night.
The frequently uttered statement
that adults cannot learn as rapidly
as young people contains just
enough truth to discourage older
people from trying to learn new
lacts and skills, although it is a
misapprehension that "you cannot
teach an old dog new tricks."
Explaining the psychological laws
that determine one's capacity for
learning at certain ages, Dr. Ernest
K. Hilgard, associate professor of
psychology, will speak on -Adult
Learning" over the Stanford Radio
Hour from station KGO at 8 o'clock
Monday night.
The frequently uttered statement
that adults cannot learn as rapidly
as young people contains just
enough truth to discourage older
people from trying to learn new
lacts and skills, although it is a
misapprehension that "you cannot
teach an old dog new tricks."
Explaining the psychological laws
that determine one's capacity for
learning at certain ages, Dr. Ernest
K. Hilgard, associate professor of
psychology, will speak on -Adult
Learning" over the Stanford Radio
Hour from station KGO at 8 o'clock
Monday night.
The frequently uttered statement
that adults cannot learn as rapidly
as young people contains just
enough truth to discourage older
people from trying to learn new
lacts and skills, although it is a
misapprehension that "you cannot
teach an old dog new tricks."
Explaining the psychological laws
that determine one's capacity for
learning at certain ages, Dr. Ernest
K. Hilgard, associate professor of
psychology, will speak on -Adult
Learning" over the Stanford Radio
Hour from station KGO at 8 o'clock
Monday night.
The frequently uttered statement
that adults cannot learn as rapidly
as young people contains just
enough truth to discourage older
people from trying to learn new
lacts and skills, although it is a
misapprehension that "you cannot
teach an old dog new tricks."
Explaining the psychological laws
that determine one's capacity for
learning at certain ages, Dr. Ernest
K. Hilgard, associate professor of
psychology, will speak on -Adult
Learning" over the Stanford Radio
Hour from station KGO at 8 o'clock
Monday night.
The frequently uttered statement
that adults cannot learn as rapidly
as young people contains just
enough truth to discourage older
people from trying to learn new
lacts and skills, although it is a
misapprehension that "you cannot
teach an old dog new tricks."
Explaining the psychological laws
that determine one's capacity for
learning at certain ages, Dr. Ernest
K. Hilgard, associate professor of
psychology, will speak on -Adult
Learning" over the Stanford Radio
Hour from station KGO at 8 o'clock
Monday night.
The frequently uttered statement
that adults cannot learn as rapidly
as young people contains just
enough truth to discourage older
people from trying to learn new
lacts and skills, although it is a
misapprehension that "you cannot
teach an old dog new tricks."
Explaining the psychological laws
that determine one's capacity for
learning at certain ages, Dr. Ernest
K. Hilgard, associate professor of
psychology, will speak on -Adult
Learning" over the Stanford Radio
Hour from station KGO at 8 o'clock
Monday night.
The frequently uttered statement
that adults cannot learn as rapidly
as young people contains just
enough truth to discourage older
people from trying to learn new
lacts and skills, although it is a
misapprehension that "you cannot
teach an old dog new tricks."
Explaining the psychological laws
that determine one's capacity for
learning at certain ages, Dr. Ernest
K. Hilgard, associate professor of
psychology, will speak on -Adult
Learning" over the Stanford Radio
Hour from station KGO at 8 o'clock
Monday night.
The frequently uttered statement
that adults cannot learn as rapidly
as young people contains just
enough truth to discourage older
people from trying to learn new
lacts and skills, although it is a
misapprehension that "you cannot
teach an old dog new tricks."
Explaining the psychological laws
that determine one's capacity for
learning at certain ages, Dr. Ernest
K. Hilgard, associate professor of
psychology, will speak on -Adult
Learning" over the Stanford Radio
Hour from station KGO at 8 o'clock
Monday night.
The frequently uttered statement
that adults cannot learn as rapidly
as young people contains just
enough truth to discourage older
people from trying to learn new
lacts and skills, although it is a
misapprehension that "you cannot
teach an old dog new tricks."
Explaining the psychological laws
that determine one's capacity for
learning at certain ages, Dr. Ernest
K. Hilgard, associate professor of
psychology, will speak on -Adult
Learning" over the Stanford Radio
Hour from station KGO at 8 o'clock
Monday night.
The frequently uttered statement
that adults cannot learn as rapidly
as young people contains just
enough truth to discourage older
people from trying to learn new
lacts and skills, although it is a
misapprehension that "you cannot
teach an old dog new tricks."
Explaining the psychological laws
that determine one's capacity for
learning at certain ages, Dr. Ernest
K. Hilgard, associate professor of
psychology, will speak on -Adult
Learning" over the Stanford Radio
Hour from station KGO at 8 o'clock
Monday night.
The frequently uttered statement
that adults cannot learn as rapidly
as young people contains just
enough truth to discourage older
people from trying to learn new
lacts and skills, although it is a
misapprehension that "you cannot
teach an old dog new tricks."
