# East-West Tilt May Use Indian Seniors
## 
### 
If the Stanford dream of a third
Rose Bowl bid does not come true,
Coaches Babe Hollingberry of Wash
ington State will be very happy to
have three or four of the Card .sen
iors for their West Shrine team.
The annual Shrine charity classic,
played New Year's Day at Kezar
Stadium, would be a fitting end to
the varsity careers of several of
Tiny Thomhill's "cocky sopho
mores." Almost sure to get bids to
the game would be Bobby Grayson
and Monk Moscrip, while Keith
Topping, Wes Muller, Bob Reynolds,
Bones Hamilton, Woody Adams, and
Larry Rouble would also be valuable
to the West team.
Not a point was scored in compe
tition in the Southeastern lowa jun
ior college conference this year.
If the Stanford dream of a third
Rose Bowl bid does not come true,
Coaches Babe Hollingberry of Wash
ington State will be very happy to
have three or four of the Card .sen
iors for their West Shrine team.
The annual Shrine charity classic,
played New Year's Day at Kezar
Stadium, would be a fitting end to
the varsity careers of several of
Tiny Thomhill's "cocky sopho
mores." Almost sure to get bids to
the game would be Bobby Grayson
and Monk Moscrip, while Keith
Topping, Wes Muller, Bob Reynolds,
Bones Hamilton, Woody Adams, and
Larry Rouble would also be valuable
to the West team.
Not a point was scored in compe
tition in the Southeastern lowa jun
ior college conference this year.
If the Stanford dream of a third
Rose Bowl bid does not come true,
Coaches Babe Hollingberry of Wash
ington State will be very happy to
have three or four of the Card .sen
iors for their West Shrine team.
The annual Shrine charity classic,
played New Year's Day at Kezar
Stadium, would be a fitting end to
the varsity careers of several of
Tiny Thomhill's "cocky sopho
mores." Almost sure to get bids to
the game would be Bobby Grayson
and Monk Moscrip, while Keith
Topping, Wes Muller, Bob Reynolds,
Bones Hamilton, Woody Adams, and
Larry Rouble would also be valuable
to the West team.
Not a point was scored in compe
tition in the Southeastern lowa jun
ior college conference this year.
If the Stanford dream of a third
Rose Bowl bid does not come true,
Coaches Babe Hollingberry of Wash
ington State will be very happy to
have three or four of the Card .sen
iors for their West Shrine team.
The annual Shrine charity classic,
played New Year's Day at Kezar
Stadium, would be a fitting end to
the varsity careers of several of
Tiny Thomhill's "cocky sopho
mores." Almost sure to get bids to
the game would be Bobby Grayson
and Monk Moscrip, while Keith
Topping, Wes Muller, Bob Reynolds,
Bones Hamilton, Woody Adams, and
Larry Rouble would also be valuable
to the West team.
Not a point was scored in compe
tition in the Southeastern lowa jun
ior college conference this year.
If the Stanford dream of a third
Rose Bowl bid does not come true,
Coaches Babe Hollingberry of Wash
ington State will be very happy to
have three or four of the Card .sen
iors for their West Shrine team.
The annual Shrine charity classic,
played New Year's Day at Kezar
Stadium, would be a fitting end to
the varsity careers of several of
Tiny Thomhill's "cocky sopho
mores." Almost sure to get bids to
the game would be Bobby Grayson
and Monk Moscrip, while Keith
Topping, Wes Muller, Bob Reynolds,
Bones Hamilton, Woody Adams, and
Larry Rouble would also be valuable
to the West team.
Not a point was scored in compe
tition in the Southeastern lowa jun
ior college conference this year.
If the Stanford dream of a third
Rose Bowl bid does not come true,
Coaches Babe Hollingberry of Wash
ington State will be very happy to
have three or four of the Card .sen
iors for their West Shrine team.
The annual Shrine charity classic,
played New Year's Day at Kezar
Stadium, would be a fitting end to
the varsity careers of several of
Tiny Thomhill's "cocky sopho
mores." Almost sure to get bids to
the game would be Bobby Grayson
and Monk Moscrip, while Keith
Topping, Wes Muller, Bob Reynolds,
Bones Hamilton, Woody Adams, and
Larry Rouble would also be valuable
to the West team.
Not a point was scored in compe
tition in the Southeastern lowa jun
ior college conference this year.
If the Stanford dream of a third
Rose Bowl bid does not come true,
Coaches Babe Hollingberry of Wash
ington State will be very happy to
have three or four of the Card .sen
iors for their West Shrine team.
The annual Shrine charity classic,
played New Year's Day at Kezar
Stadium, would be a fitting end to
the varsity careers of several of
Tiny Thomhill's "cocky sopho
mores." Almost sure to get bids to
the game would be Bobby Grayson
and Monk Moscrip, while Keith
Topping, Wes Muller, Bob Reynolds,
Bones Hamilton, Woody Adams, and
Larry Rouble would also be valuable
to the West team.
Not a point was scored in compe
tition in the Southeastern lowa jun
ior college conference this year.
If the Stanford dream of a third
Rose Bowl bid does not come true,
Coaches Babe Hollingberry of Wash
ington State will be very happy to
have three or four of the Card .sen
iors for their West Shrine team.
The annual Shrine charity classic,
played New Year's Day at Kezar
Stadium, would be a fitting end to
the varsity careers of several of
Tiny Thomhill's "cocky sopho
mores." Almost sure to get bids to
the game would be Bobby Grayson
and Monk Moscrip, while Keith
Topping, Wes Muller, Bob Reynolds,
Bones Hamilton, Woody Adams, and
Larry Rouble would also be valuable
to the West team.
Not a point was scored in compe
tition in the Southeastern lowa jun
ior college conference this year.
If the Stanford dream of a third
Rose Bowl bid does not come true,
Coaches Babe Hollingberry of Wash
ington State will be very happy to
have three or four of the Card .sen
iors for their West Shrine team.
The annual Shrine charity classic,
played New Year's Day at Kezar
Stadium, would be a fitting end to
the varsity careers of several of
Tiny Thomhill's "cocky sopho
mores." Almost sure to get bids to
the game would be Bobby Grayson
and Monk Moscrip, while Keith
Topping, Wes Muller, Bob Reynolds,
Bones Hamilton, Woody Adams, and
Larry Rouble would also be valuable
to the West team.
Not a point was scored in compe
tition in the Southeastern lowa jun
ior college conference this year.
If the Stanford dream of a third
Rose Bowl bid does not come true,
Coaches Babe Hollingberry of Wash
ington State will be very happy to
have three or four of the Card .sen
iors for their West Shrine team.
The annual Shrine charity classic,
played New Year's Day at Kezar
Stadium, would be a fitting end to
the varsity careers of several of
Tiny Thomhill's "cocky sopho
mores." Almost sure to get bids to
the game would be Bobby Grayson
and Monk Moscrip, while Keith
Topping, Wes Muller, Bob Reynolds,
Bones Hamilton, Woody Adams, and
Larry Rouble would also be valuable
to the West team.
Not a point was scored in compe
tition in the Southeastern lowa jun
ior college conference this year.
If the Stanford dream of a third
Rose Bowl bid does not come true,
Coaches Babe Hollingberry of Wash
ington State will be very happy to
have three or four of the Card .sen
iors for their West Shrine team.
The annual Shrine charity classic,
played New Year's Day at Kezar
Stadium, would be a fitting end to
the varsity careers of several of
Tiny Thomhill's "cocky sopho
mores." Almost sure to get bids to
the game would be Bobby Grayson
and Monk Moscrip, while Keith
Topping, Wes Muller, Bob Reynolds,
Bones Hamilton, Woody Adams, and
Larry Rouble would also be valuable
to the West team.
Not a point was scored in compe
tition in the Southeastern lowa jun
ior college conference this year.
If the Stanford dream of a third
Rose Bowl bid does not come true,
Coaches Babe Hollingberry of Wash
ington State will be very happy to
have three or four of the Card .sen
iors for their West Shrine team.
The annual Shrine charity classic,
played New Year's Day at Kezar
Stadium, would be a fitting end to
the varsity careers of several of
Tiny Thomhill's "cocky sopho
mores." Almost sure to get bids to
the game would be Bobby Grayson
and Monk Moscrip, while Keith
Topping, Wes Muller, Bob Reynolds,
Bones Hamilton, Woody Adams, and
Larry Rouble would also be valuable
to the West team.
Not a point was scored in compe
tition in the Southeastern lowa jun
ior college conference this year.
If the Stanford dream of a third
Rose Bowl bid does not come true,
Coaches Babe Hollingberry of Wash
ington State will be very happy to
have three or four of the Card .sen
iors for their West Shrine team.
The annual Shrine charity classic,
played New Year's Day at Kezar
Stadium, would be a fitting end to
the varsity careers of several of
Tiny Thomhill's "cocky sopho
mores." Almost sure to get bids to
the game would be Bobby Grayson
and Monk Moscrip, while Keith
Topping, Wes Muller, Bob Reynolds,
Bones Hamilton, Woody Adams, and
Larry Rouble would also be valuable
to the West team.
Not a point was scored in compe
tition in the Southeastern lowa jun
ior college conference this year.
If the Stanford dream of a third
Rose Bowl bid does not come true,
Coaches Babe Hollingberry of Wash
ington State will be very happy to
have three or four of the Card .sen
iors for their West Shrine team.
The annual Shrine charity classic,
played New Year's Day at Kezar
Stadium, would be a fitting end to
the varsity careers of several of
Tiny Thomhill's "cocky sopho
mores." Almost sure to get bids to
the game would be Bobby Grayson
and Monk Moscrip, while Keith
Topping, Wes Muller, Bob Reynolds,
Bones Hamilton, Woody Adams, and
Larry Rouble would also be valuable
to the West team.
Not a point was scored in compe
tition in the Southeastern lowa jun
ior college conference this year.
If the Stanford dream of a third
Rose Bowl bid does not come true,
Coaches Babe Hollingberry of Wash
ington State will be very happy to
have three or four of the Card .sen
iors for their West Shrine team.
The annual Shrine charity classic,
played New Year's Day at Kezar
Stadium, would be a fitting end to
the varsity careers of several of
Tiny Thomhill's "cocky sopho
mores." Almost sure to get bids to
the game would be Bobby Grayson
and Monk Moscrip, while Keith
Topping, Wes Muller, Bob Reynolds,
Bones Hamilton, Woody Adams, and
Larry Rouble would also be valuable
to the West team.
Not a point was scored in compe
tition in the Southeastern lowa jun
ior college conference this year.
