# Still the Fox
## 
### 

Glenn Scobey Warner, former
mentor of the Stanford football
team, is enjoying another success
ful season at Temple University.
His team's only loss so far has
been to Penn State.

Glenn Scobey Warner, former
mentor of the Stanford football
team, is enjoying another success
ful season at Temple University.
His team's only loss so far has
been to Penn State.

Glenn Scobey Warner, former
mentor of the Stanford football
team, is enjoying another success
ful season at Temple University.
His team's only loss so far has
been to Penn State.

Glenn Scobey Warner, former
mentor of the Stanford football
team, is enjoying another success
ful season at Temple University.
His team's only loss so far has
been to Penn State.

Glenn Scobey Warner, former
mentor of the Stanford football
team, is enjoying another success
ful season at Temple University.
His team's only loss so far has
been to Penn State.

Glenn Scobey Warner, former
mentor of the Stanford football
team, is enjoying another success
ful season at Temple University.
His team's only loss so far has
been to Penn State.

Glenn Scobey Warner, former
mentor of the Stanford football
team, is enjoying another success
ful season at Temple University.
His team's only loss so far has
been to Penn State.

Glenn Scobey Warner, former
mentor of the Stanford football
team, is enjoying another success
ful season at Temple University.
His team's only loss so far has
been to Penn State.

Glenn Scobey Warner, former
mentor of the Stanford football
team, is enjoying another success
ful season at Temple University.
His team's only loss so far has
been to Penn State.

Glenn Scobey Warner, former
mentor of the Stanford football
team, is enjoying another success
ful season at Temple University.
His team's only loss so far has
been to Penn State.

Glenn Scobey Warner, former
mentor of the Stanford football
team, is enjoying another success
ful season at Temple University.
His team's only loss so far has
been to Penn State.

Glenn Scobey Warner, former
mentor of the Stanford football
team, is enjoying another success
ful season at Temple University.
His team's only loss so far has
been to Penn State.

Glenn Scobey Warner, former
mentor of the Stanford football
team, is enjoying another success
ful season at Temple University.
His team's only loss so far has
been to Penn State.

Glenn Scobey Warner, former
mentor of the Stanford football
team, is enjoying another success
ful season at Temple University.
His team's only loss so far has
been to Penn State.

Glenn Scobey Warner, former
mentor of the Stanford football
team, is enjoying another success
ful season at Temple University.
His team's only loss so far has
been to Penn State.
