# Stub Is Afraid of Indians
## 
### 

Stub Allison, whose career as head coach of the University of Cali
fornia football team has been short but successful. His men have won
nine straight games since he took over the reins and a victory tomorrow
will give the Coast Conference title and a bid to the Rose Bowl. (Cour
tesy Daily California!!.)

Stub Allison, whose career as head coach of the University of Cali
fornia football team has been short but successful. His men have won
nine straight games since he took over the reins and a victory tomorrow
will give the Coast Conference title and a bid to the Rose Bowl. (Cour
tesy Daily California!!.)

Stub Allison, whose career as head coach of the University of Cali
fornia football team has been short but successful. His men have won
nine straight games since he took over the reins and a victory tomorrow
will give the Coast Conference title and a bid to the Rose Bowl. (Cour
tesy Daily California!!.)

Stub Allison, whose career as head coach of the University of Cali
fornia football team has been short but successful. His men have won
nine straight games since he took over the reins and a victory tomorrow
will give the Coast Conference title and a bid to the Rose Bowl. (Cour
tesy Daily California!!.)

Stub Allison, whose career as head coach of the University of Cali
fornia football team has been short but successful. His men have won
nine straight games since he took over the reins and a victory tomorrow
will give the Coast Conference title and a bid to the Rose Bowl. (Cour
tesy Daily California!!.)

Stub Allison, whose career as head coach of the University of Cali
fornia football team has been short but successful. His men have won
nine straight games since he took over the reins and a victory tomorrow
will give the Coast Conference title and a bid to the Rose Bowl. (Cour
tesy Daily California!!.)

Stub Allison, whose career as head coach of the University of Cali
fornia football team has been short but successful. His men have won
nine straight games since he took over the reins and a victory tomorrow
will give the Coast Conference title and a bid to the Rose Bowl. (Cour
tesy Daily California!!.)

Stub Allison, whose career as head coach of the University of Cali
fornia football team has been short but successful. His men have won
nine straight games since he took over the reins and a victory tomorrow
will give the Coast Conference title and a bid to the Rose Bowl. (Cour
tesy Daily California!!.)

Stub Allison, whose career as head coach of the University of Cali
fornia football team has been short but successful. His men have won
nine straight games since he took over the reins and a victory tomorrow
will give the Coast Conference title and a bid to the Rose Bowl. (Cour
tesy Daily California!!.)

Stub Allison, whose career as head coach of the University of Cali
fornia football team has been short but successful. His men have won
nine straight games since he took over the reins and a victory tomorrow
will give the Coast Conference title and a bid to the Rose Bowl. (Cour
tesy Daily California!!.)

Stub Allison, whose career as head coach of the University of Cali
fornia football team has been short but successful. His men have won
nine straight games since he took over the reins and a victory tomorrow
will give the Coast Conference title and a bid to the Rose Bowl. (Cour
tesy Daily California!!.)

Stub Allison, whose career as head coach of the University of Cali
fornia football team has been short but successful. His men have won
nine straight games since he took over the reins and a victory tomorrow
will give the Coast Conference title and a bid to the Rose Bowl. (Cour
tesy Daily California!!.)

Stub Allison, whose career as head coach of the University of Cali
fornia football team has been short but successful. His men have won
nine straight games since he took over the reins and a victory tomorrow
will give the Coast Conference title and a bid to the Rose Bowl. (Cour
tesy Daily California!!.)

Stub Allison, whose career as head coach of the University of Cali
fornia football team has been short but successful. His men have won
nine straight games since he took over the reins and a victory tomorrow
will give the Coast Conference title and a bid to the Rose Bowl. (Cour
tesy Daily California!!.)

Stub Allison, whose career as head coach of the University of Cali
fornia football team has been short but successful. His men have won
nine straight games since he took over the reins and a victory tomorrow
will give the Coast Conference title and a bid to the Rose Bowl. (Cour
tesy Daily California!!.)
