# ENCINA ROOM DEPOSITS DUE
## 
### 
Today is the last day for men liv- j
ing in Encina Hall to pay the $5 de
posit to retain their rooms for the :
winter quarter. Men living in Se- j
quoia or the Old Union must make !
(heir deposits on Monday or Tues- |
tiriy of next week.
Today is the last day for men liv- j
ing in Encina Hall to pay the $5 de
posit to retain their rooms for the :
winter quarter. Men living in Se- j
quoia or the Old Union must make !
(heir deposits on Monday or Tues- |
tiriy of next week.
Today is the last day for men liv- j
ing in Encina Hall to pay the $5 de
posit to retain their rooms for the :
winter quarter. Men living in Se- j
quoia or the Old Union must make !
(heir deposits on Monday or Tues- |
tiriy of next week.
Today is the last day for men liv- j
ing in Encina Hall to pay the $5 de
posit to retain their rooms for the :
winter quarter. Men living in Se- j
quoia or the Old Union must make !
(heir deposits on Monday or Tues- |
tiriy of next week.
Today is the last day for men liv- j
ing in Encina Hall to pay the $5 de
posit to retain their rooms for the :
winter quarter. Men living in Se- j
quoia or the Old Union must make !
(heir deposits on Monday or Tues- |
tiriy of next week.
Today is the last day for men liv- j
ing in Encina Hall to pay the $5 de
posit to retain their rooms for the :
winter quarter. Men living in Se- j
quoia or the Old Union must make !
(heir deposits on Monday or Tues- |
tiriy of next week.
Today is the last day for men liv- j
ing in Encina Hall to pay the $5 de
posit to retain their rooms for the :
winter quarter. Men living in Se- j
quoia or the Old Union must make !
(heir deposits on Monday or Tues- |
tiriy of next week.
Today is the last day for men liv- j
ing in Encina Hall to pay the $5 de
posit to retain their rooms for the :
winter quarter. Men living in Se- j
quoia or the Old Union must make !
(heir deposits on Monday or Tues- |
tiriy of next week.
Today is the last day for men liv- j
ing in Encina Hall to pay the $5 de
posit to retain their rooms for the :
winter quarter. Men living in Se- j
quoia or the Old Union must make !
(heir deposits on Monday or Tues- |
tiriy of next week.
Today is the last day for men liv- j
ing in Encina Hall to pay the $5 de
posit to retain their rooms for the :
winter quarter. Men living in Se- j
quoia or the Old Union must make !
(heir deposits on Monday or Tues- |
tiriy of next week.
Today is the last day for men liv- j
ing in Encina Hall to pay the $5 de
posit to retain their rooms for the :
winter quarter. Men living in Se- j
quoia or the Old Union must make !
(heir deposits on Monday or Tues- |
tiriy of next week.
Today is the last day for men liv- j
ing in Encina Hall to pay the $5 de
posit to retain their rooms for the :
winter quarter. Men living in Se- j
quoia or the Old Union must make !
(heir deposits on Monday or Tues- |
tiriy of next week.
Today is the last day for men liv- j
ing in Encina Hall to pay the $5 de
posit to retain their rooms for the :
winter quarter. Men living in Se- j
quoia or the Old Union must make !
(heir deposits on Monday or Tues- |
tiriy of next week.
Today is the last day for men liv- j
ing in Encina Hall to pay the $5 de
posit to retain their rooms for the :
winter quarter. Men living in Se- j
quoia or the Old Union must make !
(heir deposits on Monday or Tues- |
tiriy of next week.
Today is the last day for men liv- j
ing in Encina Hall to pay the $5 de
posit to retain their rooms for the :
winter quarter. Men living in Se- j
quoia or the Old Union must make !
(heir deposits on Monday or Tues- |
tiriy of next week.
