# Backs All Ready To Go
## 
### 


Joe Vigna (left) ano Fred Williams wiil not start the game tomorrow
but will be all set to go when they get the call. Both men are well ex
perienced and will be used against the Bears.


Joe Vigna (left) ano Fred Williams wiil not start the game tomorrow
but will be all set to go when they get the call. Both men are well ex
perienced and will be used against the Bears.


Joe Vigna (left) ano Fred Williams wiil not start the game tomorrow
but will be all set to go when they get the call. Both men are well ex
perienced and will be used against the Bears.


Joe Vigna (left) ano Fred Williams wiil not start the game tomorrow
but will be all set to go when they get the call. Both men are well ex
perienced and will be used against the Bears.


Joe Vigna (left) ano Fred Williams wiil not start the game tomorrow
but will be all set to go when they get the call. Both men are well ex
perienced and will be used against the Bears.


Joe Vigna (left) ano Fred Williams wiil not start the game tomorrow
but will be all set to go when they get the call. Both men are well ex
perienced and will be used against the Bears.


Joe Vigna (left) ano Fred Williams wiil not start the game tomorrow
but will be all set to go when they get the call. Both men are well ex
perienced and will be used against the Bears.


Joe Vigna (left) ano Fred Williams wiil not start the game tomorrow
but will be all set to go when they get the call. Both men are well ex
perienced and will be used against the Bears.


Joe Vigna (left) ano Fred Williams wiil not start the game tomorrow
but will be all set to go when they get the call. Both men are well ex
perienced and will be used against the Bears.


Joe Vigna (left) ano Fred Williams wiil not start the game tomorrow
but will be all set to go when they get the call. Both men are well ex
perienced and will be used against the Bears.


Joe Vigna (left) ano Fred Williams wiil not start the game tomorrow
but will be all set to go when they get the call. Both men are well ex
perienced and will be used against the Bears.


Joe Vigna (left) ano Fred Williams wiil not start the game tomorrow
but will be all set to go when they get the call. Both men are well ex
perienced and will be used against the Bears.


Joe Vigna (left) ano Fred Williams wiil not start the game tomorrow
but will be all set to go when they get the call. Both men are well ex
perienced and will be used against the Bears.


Joe Vigna (left) ano Fred Williams wiil not start the game tomorrow
but will be all set to go when they get the call. Both men are well ex
perienced and will be used against the Bears.


Joe Vigna (left) ano Fred Williams wiil not start the game tomorrow
but will be all set to go when they get the call. Both men are well ex
perienced and will be used against the Bears.
