# NOVICE SQUAD WILL MEET DAVIS
## 
### 
Davis Farm School track athletes
will meet the Stanford second team
and novice squad on the oval tomor
row afternoon, beginning at 2 o'clock.
Eighteen men from the agricultural
school will bo brought to the cam
pus, and are expected to give the
local athletes keen competition in all
events. Though the eighteen first
team men have gone to Los Angeles,
the remaining squad contains a num
ber of good men.
Interest in tomorrow's contest will
be further increased by an informal
meet among members of the fresh
men squad together with other nov
ices. 1 tot ii contests promise close
competition. The Davis Farm team

lias been doing good work in con
tests with outside teams, while con
siderable rivalry among competing
freshmen will insure fast work on
the part of the nineteeners.
The entry list for the Davis vs.
Novice teams is as follows:
100-Yard Dash, Davis — Burson,
Lindsay, and Urban. Stanford—M.
Levi, Anderson and Vincenz. 220-
Yard Dash, Davis —Burson. Lindsay,
Langford, and Davis. Stanford —
Levi, Anderson, and Vincenz. 110-
Yard Dash, Davis —Avers, Teague, and
Hunsaker. Stanford—Kegley, Mc-
Pherson, Newcomer, Single, B. Will
iams, and C. B. Davis. Half-Mile,
Davis —Dugan, Jacobi, and Davis, j
Stanford—G. H. Taylor. Cottrell. I
Conian, Barnes, Kohlmeir, and !
Mackel. Mile, Davis —Hamilton,
Brown, and Patton. Stanford—Flood,
Compton, Chapman, Frye, and Grif
fin. Two Mile, Davis —Patton and
Thomas. Stanford—Maltby. 120-
Yard High Hurdles, Davis—Hooper,
Smith, Day, and Krause. Stanford—
Halstead, McPherson, and Williams.
220-Yard Low Hurdles, Davis —Urban,
Hooper, Smith, and Krause. Stan
ford—Halsted, Glikberg, and Vin
cenz. Pole Vault, Davis—Day and
Langford. Stanford—Templeton and
Earl. High .lump, Davis—Day,
Brown, and Somerville. Stanford—
Linn, Later. Anderson, Williams, and
Foster. Ilroad Jump, Davis—Bur- 1
son, Day, and Somerville. Stanford—
Dingley, Later, and Parsons. Shot
Put, Davis—Phillips, Hess, and Ce
doni. Stanford —Murray and Gilles
pie. Hammer Throw, Davis —Phil-
lips, Hess, Cedoni, and Burson. Stan
ford —Hussey, Halsted. Murray, and
Gillespie.
