# "DISCIPLINE AND DEMOCRACY" IS ASSEMBLY TOPIC
## 
### 
"Discipline and Democracy" will
be the subject of President George
Edgard Vincent of the University
of Minnesota in his address to the
Stanford student body, next Mon
day morning at 11:15 o'clock, in
the Assembly Hall. President
Vincent, who lias been at the head
of the Minnesota institution since
liHl, is one of the younger uni
versity presidents of the United
States. He is an author and lec
turer of note, and came to the
Pacific C oast to deliver the Char
ter day address at the University
of California. In this lecture,
given yesterday in the Greek the
ater at Berkeley, President Vin
cent impressed his hearers with
the importance of the university in
the present day life of the world,
and received commendation from
all who heard him.
"Discipline and Democracy" will
be the subject of President George
Edgard Vincent of the University
of Minnesota in his address to the
Stanford student body, next Mon
day morning at 11:15 o'clock, in
the Assembly Hall. President
Vincent, who lias been at the head
of the Minnesota institution since
liHl, is one of the younger uni
versity presidents of the United
States. He is an author and lec
turer of note, and came to the
Pacific C oast to deliver the Char
ter day address at the University
of California. In this lecture,
given yesterday in the Greek the
ater at Berkeley, President Vin
cent impressed his hearers with
the importance of the university in
the present day life of the world,
and received commendation from
all who heard him.
"Discipline and Democracy" will
be the subject of President George
Edgard Vincent of the University
of Minnesota in his address to the
Stanford student body, next Mon
day morning at 11:15 o'clock, in
the Assembly Hall. President
Vincent, who lias been at the head
of the Minnesota institution since
liHl, is one of the younger uni
versity presidents of the United
States. He is an author and lec
turer of note, and came to the
Pacific C oast to deliver the Char
ter day address at the University
of California. In this lecture,
given yesterday in the Greek the
ater at Berkeley, President Vin
cent impressed his hearers with
the importance of the university in
the present day life of the world,
and received commendation from
all who heard him.
"Discipline and Democracy" will
be the subject of President George
Edgard Vincent of the University
of Minnesota in his address to the
Stanford student body, next Mon
day morning at 11:15 o'clock, in
the Assembly Hall. President
Vincent, who lias been at the head
of the Minnesota institution since
liHl, is one of the younger uni
versity presidents of the United
States. He is an author and lec
turer of note, and came to the
Pacific C oast to deliver the Char
ter day address at the University
of California. In this lecture,
given yesterday in the Greek the
ater at Berkeley, President Vin
cent impressed his hearers with
the importance of the university in
the present day life of the world,
and received commendation from
all who heard him.
"Discipline and Democracy" will
be the subject of President George
Edgard Vincent of the University
of Minnesota in his address to the
Stanford student body, next Mon
day morning at 11:15 o'clock, in
the Assembly Hall. President
Vincent, who lias been at the head
of the Minnesota institution since
liHl, is one of the younger uni
versity presidents of the United
States. He is an author and lec
turer of note, and came to the
Pacific C oast to deliver the Char
ter day address at the University
of California. In this lecture,
given yesterday in the Greek the
ater at Berkeley, President Vin
cent impressed his hearers with
the importance of the university in
the present day life of the world,
and received commendation from
all who heard him.
"Discipline and Democracy" will
be the subject of President George
Edgard Vincent of the University
of Minnesota in his address to the
Stanford student body, next Mon
day morning at 11:15 o'clock, in
the Assembly Hall. President
Vincent, who lias been at the head
of the Minnesota institution since
liHl, is one of the younger uni
versity presidents of the United
States. He is an author and lec
turer of note, and came to the
Pacific C oast to deliver the Char
ter day address at the University
of California. In this lecture,
given yesterday in the Greek the
ater at Berkeley, President Vin
cent impressed his hearers with
the importance of the university in
the present day life of the world,
and received commendation from
all who heard him.
"Discipline and Democracy" will
be the subject of President George
Edgard Vincent of the University
of Minnesota in his address to the
Stanford student body, next Mon
day morning at 11:15 o'clock, in
the Assembly Hall. President
Vincent, who lias been at the head
of the Minnesota institution since
liHl, is one of the younger uni
versity presidents of the United
States. He is an author and lec
turer of note, and came to the
Pacific C oast to deliver the Char
ter day address at the University
of California. In this lecture,
given yesterday in the Greek the
ater at Berkeley, President Vin
cent impressed his hearers with
the importance of the university in
the present day life of the world,
and received commendation from
all who heard him.
"Discipline and Democracy" will
be the subject of President George
Edgard Vincent of the University
of Minnesota in his address to the
Stanford student body, next Mon
day morning at 11:15 o'clock, in
the Assembly Hall. President
Vincent, who lias been at the head
of the Minnesota institution since
liHl, is one of the younger uni
versity presidents of the United
States. He is an author and lec
turer of note, and came to the
Pacific C oast to deliver the Char
ter day address at the University
of California. In this lecture,
given yesterday in the Greek the
ater at Berkeley, President Vin
cent impressed his hearers with
the importance of the university in
the present day life of the world,
and received commendation from
all who heard him.
"Discipline and Democracy" will
be the subject of President George
Edgard Vincent of the University
of Minnesota in his address to the
Stanford student body, next Mon
day morning at 11:15 o'clock, in
the Assembly Hall. President
Vincent, who lias been at the head
of the Minnesota institution since
liHl, is one of the younger uni
versity presidents of the United
States. He is an author and lec
turer of note, and came to the
Pacific C oast to deliver the Char
ter day address at the University
of California. In this lecture,
given yesterday in the Greek the
ater at Berkeley, President Vin
cent impressed his hearers with
the importance of the university in
the present day life of the world,
and received commendation from
all who heard him.
"Discipline and Democracy" will
be the subject of President George
Edgard Vincent of the University
of Minnesota in his address to the
Stanford student body, next Mon
day morning at 11:15 o'clock, in
the Assembly Hall. President
Vincent, who lias been at the head
of the Minnesota institution since
liHl, is one of the younger uni
versity presidents of the United
States. He is an author and lec
turer of note, and came to the
Pacific C oast to deliver the Char
ter day address at the University
of California. In this lecture,
given yesterday in the Greek the
ater at Berkeley, President Vin
cent impressed his hearers with
the importance of the university in
the present day life of the world,
and received commendation from
all who heard him.
"Discipline and Democracy" will
be the subject of President George
Edgard Vincent of the University
of Minnesota in his address to the
Stanford student body, next Mon
day morning at 11:15 o'clock, in
the Assembly Hall. President
Vincent, who lias been at the head
of the Minnesota institution since
liHl, is one of the younger uni
versity presidents of the United
States. He is an author and lec
turer of note, and came to the
Pacific C oast to deliver the Char
ter day address at the University
of California. In this lecture,
given yesterday in the Greek the
ater at Berkeley, President Vin
cent impressed his hearers with
the importance of the university in
the present day life of the world,
and received commendation from
all who heard him.
"Discipline and Democracy" will
be the subject of President George
Edgard Vincent of the University
of Minnesota in his address to the
Stanford student body, next Mon
day morning at 11:15 o'clock, in
the Assembly Hall. President
Vincent, who lias been at the head
of the Minnesota institution since
liHl, is one of the younger uni
versity presidents of the United
States. He is an author and lec
turer of note, and came to the
Pacific C oast to deliver the Char
ter day address at the University
of California. In this lecture,
given yesterday in the Greek the
ater at Berkeley, President Vin
cent impressed his hearers with
the importance of the university in
the present day life of the world,
and received commendation from
all who heard him.
"Discipline and Democracy" will
be the subject of President George
Edgard Vincent of the University
of Minnesota in his address to the
Stanford student body, next Mon
day morning at 11:15 o'clock, in
the Assembly Hall. President
Vincent, who lias been at the head
of the Minnesota institution since
liHl, is one of the younger uni
versity presidents of the United
States. He is an author and lec
turer of note, and came to the
Pacific C oast to deliver the Char
ter day address at the University
of California. In this lecture,
given yesterday in the Greek the
ater at Berkeley, President Vin
cent impressed his hearers with
the importance of the university in
the present day life of the world,
and received commendation from
all who heard him.
"Discipline and Democracy" will
be the subject of President George
Edgard Vincent of the University
of Minnesota in his address to the
Stanford student body, next Mon
day morning at 11:15 o'clock, in
the Assembly Hall. President
Vincent, who lias been at the head
of the Minnesota institution since
liHl, is one of the younger uni
versity presidents of the United
States. He is an author and lec
turer of note, and came to the
Pacific C oast to deliver the Char
ter day address at the University
of California. In this lecture,
given yesterday in the Greek the
ater at Berkeley, President Vin
cent impressed his hearers with
the importance of the university in
the present day life of the world,
and received commendation from
all who heard him.
