# Holdovers Plan Marathon Stunts.
## 
### 
Thirty holdovers assembled at the
Senior Tree this afternoon, to con
sider plans for the usual holdover
farce for the Irish marathon. This
year's holdover promises to !>< more
finished in production, and less vul
var in its humor than those of pre
vious years. A ten cent assessment
was voted payable to T. 11. Clam-sen.
Thirty holdovers assembled at the
Senior Tree this afternoon, to con
sider plans for the usual holdover
farce for the Irish marathon. This
year's holdover promises to !>< more
finished in production, and less vul
var in its humor than those of pre
vious years. A ten cent assessment
was voted payable to T. 11. Clam-sen.
Thirty holdovers assembled at the
Senior Tree this afternoon, to con
sider plans for the usual holdover
farce for the Irish marathon. This
year's holdover promises to !>< more
finished in production, and less vul
var in its humor than those of pre
vious years. A ten cent assessment
was voted payable to T. 11. Clam-sen.
Thirty holdovers assembled at the
Senior Tree this afternoon, to con
sider plans for the usual holdover
farce for the Irish marathon. This
year's holdover promises to !>< more
finished in production, and less vul
var in its humor than those of pre
vious years. A ten cent assessment
was voted payable to T. 11. Clam-sen.
Thirty holdovers assembled at the
Senior Tree this afternoon, to con
sider plans for the usual holdover
farce for the Irish marathon. This
year's holdover promises to !>< more
finished in production, and less vul
var in its humor than those of pre
vious years. A ten cent assessment
was voted payable to T. 11. Clam-sen.
Thirty holdovers assembled at the
Senior Tree this afternoon, to con
sider plans for the usual holdover
farce for the Irish marathon. This
year's holdover promises to !>< more
finished in production, and less vul
var in its humor than those of pre
vious years. A ten cent assessment
was voted payable to T. 11. Clam-sen.
Thirty holdovers assembled at the
Senior Tree this afternoon, to con
sider plans for the usual holdover
farce for the Irish marathon. This
year's holdover promises to !>< more
finished in production, and less vul
var in its humor than those of pre
vious years. A ten cent assessment
was voted payable to T. 11. Clam-sen.
Thirty holdovers assembled at the
Senior Tree this afternoon, to con
sider plans for the usual holdover
farce for the Irish marathon. This
year's holdover promises to !>< more
finished in production, and less vul
var in its humor than those of pre
vious years. A ten cent assessment
was voted payable to T. 11. Clam-sen.
Thirty holdovers assembled at the
Senior Tree this afternoon, to con
sider plans for the usual holdover
farce for the Irish marathon. This
year's holdover promises to !>< more
finished in production, and less vul
var in its humor than those of pre
vious years. A ten cent assessment
was voted payable to T. 11. Clam-sen.
Thirty holdovers assembled at the
Senior Tree this afternoon, to con
sider plans for the usual holdover
farce for the Irish marathon. This
year's holdover promises to !>< more
finished in production, and less vul
var in its humor than those of pre
vious years. A ten cent assessment
was voted payable to T. 11. Clam-sen.
Thirty holdovers assembled at the
Senior Tree this afternoon, to con
sider plans for the usual holdover
farce for the Irish marathon. This
year's holdover promises to !>< more
finished in production, and less vul
var in its humor than those of pre
vious years. A ten cent assessment
was voted payable to T. 11. Clam-sen.
Thirty holdovers assembled at the
Senior Tree this afternoon, to con
sider plans for the usual holdover
farce for the Irish marathon. This
year's holdover promises to !>< more
finished in production, and less vul
var in its humor than those of pre
vious years. A ten cent assessment
was voted payable to T. 11. Clam-sen.
Thirty holdovers assembled at the
Senior Tree this afternoon, to con
sider plans for the usual holdover
farce for the Irish marathon. This
year's holdover promises to !>< more
finished in production, and less vul
var in its humor than those of pre
vious years. A ten cent assessment
was voted payable to T. 11. Clam-sen.
Thirty holdovers assembled at the
Senior Tree this afternoon, to con
sider plans for the usual holdover
farce for the Irish marathon. This
year's holdover promises to !>< more
finished in production, and less vul
var in its humor than those of pre
vious years. A ten cent assessment
was voted payable to T. 11. Clam-sen.
