# PALESTINE'S "SUICIDE SQUAD"
## 
### 

COUNTERPART of Japan's "Suicide Squads" is this group of British soldiers who prerced the train t«i
explode mined sections of the track. During the early phases of the Holy Land strife. Arabs did much dam
age to trains by laying bombs on their route. Now cars such as the one pictured above preceed all engines
setting off bombs by means of a mine sweeper.

COUNTERPART of Japan's "Suicide Squads" is this group of British soldiers who prerced the train t«i
explode mined sections of the track. During the early phases of the Holy Land strife. Arabs did much dam
age to trains by laying bombs on their route. Now cars such as the one pictured above preceed all engines
setting off bombs by means of a mine sweeper.

COUNTERPART of Japan's "Suicide Squads" is this group of British soldiers who prerced the train t«i
explode mined sections of the track. During the early phases of the Holy Land strife. Arabs did much dam
age to trains by laying bombs on their route. Now cars such as the one pictured above preceed all engines
setting off bombs by means of a mine sweeper.

COUNTERPART of Japan's "Suicide Squads" is this group of British soldiers who prerced the train t«i
explode mined sections of the track. During the early phases of the Holy Land strife. Arabs did much dam
age to trains by laying bombs on their route. Now cars such as the one pictured above preceed all engines
setting off bombs by means of a mine sweeper.

COUNTERPART of Japan's "Suicide Squads" is this group of British soldiers who prerced the train t«i
explode mined sections of the track. During the early phases of the Holy Land strife. Arabs did much dam
age to trains by laying bombs on their route. Now cars such as the one pictured above preceed all engines
setting off bombs by means of a mine sweeper.

COUNTERPART of Japan's "Suicide Squads" is this group of British soldiers who prerced the train t«i
explode mined sections of the track. During the early phases of the Holy Land strife. Arabs did much dam
age to trains by laying bombs on their route. Now cars such as the one pictured above preceed all engines
setting off bombs by means of a mine sweeper.

COUNTERPART of Japan's "Suicide Squads" is this group of British soldiers who prerced the train t«i
explode mined sections of the track. During the early phases of the Holy Land strife. Arabs did much dam
age to trains by laying bombs on their route. Now cars such as the one pictured above preceed all engines
setting off bombs by means of a mine sweeper.

COUNTERPART of Japan's "Suicide Squads" is this group of British soldiers who prerced the train t«i
explode mined sections of the track. During the early phases of the Holy Land strife. Arabs did much dam
age to trains by laying bombs on their route. Now cars such as the one pictured above preceed all engines
setting off bombs by means of a mine sweeper.

COUNTERPART of Japan's "Suicide Squads" is this group of British soldiers who prerced the train t«i
explode mined sections of the track. During the early phases of the Holy Land strife. Arabs did much dam
age to trains by laying bombs on their route. Now cars such as the one pictured above preceed all engines
setting off bombs by means of a mine sweeper.

COUNTERPART of Japan's "Suicide Squads" is this group of British soldiers who prerced the train t«i
explode mined sections of the track. During the early phases of the Holy Land strife. Arabs did much dam
age to trains by laying bombs on their route. Now cars such as the one pictured above preceed all engines
setting off bombs by means of a mine sweeper.

COUNTERPART of Japan's "Suicide Squads" is this group of British soldiers who prerced the train t«i
explode mined sections of the track. During the early phases of the Holy Land strife. Arabs did much dam
age to trains by laying bombs on their route. Now cars such as the one pictured above preceed all engines
setting off bombs by means of a mine sweeper.

COUNTERPART of Japan's "Suicide Squads" is this group of British soldiers who prerced the train t«i
explode mined sections of the track. During the early phases of the Holy Land strife. Arabs did much dam
age to trains by laying bombs on their route. Now cars such as the one pictured above preceed all engines
setting off bombs by means of a mine sweeper.

COUNTERPART of Japan's "Suicide Squads" is this group of British soldiers who prerced the train t«i
explode mined sections of the track. During the early phases of the Holy Land strife. Arabs did much dam
age to trains by laying bombs on their route. Now cars such as the one pictured above preceed all engines
setting off bombs by means of a mine sweeper.

COUNTERPART of Japan's "Suicide Squads" is this group of British soldiers who prerced the train t«i
explode mined sections of the track. During the early phases of the Holy Land strife. Arabs did much dam
age to trains by laying bombs on their route. Now cars such as the one pictured above preceed all engines
setting off bombs by means of a mine sweeper.

COUNTERPART of Japan's "Suicide Squads" is this group of British soldiers who prerced the train t«i
explode mined sections of the track. During the early phases of the Holy Land strife. Arabs did much dam
age to trains by laying bombs on their route. Now cars such as the one pictured above preceed all engines
setting off bombs by means of a mine sweeper.
