# Lagunita's Head Honored at Tea
## 
### 
Yesterday afternoon from 4 to 6
o'clock Lagunita Club entertained at
a faculty tea honoring Miss Eliza
beth Crandall, the director of the
hall. The guests included the facul
ty, board of trustees, and other
friends who have shown interest in
Lagunita Club.
Dorothy Gray was the general
chairman in charge of arrangements.
Virginia Thompson was chairman of
the hospitality committee. Natalia
Allan, Katherine Groff, and Norma
Wat kins worked under her as host
esses. Molly Davis was the chairman
of the serving committee, Jean
Blackman was head of the invita
tion committee, and Vernice Carlson
had charge of the decorations.
Receiving the guests were Dr. and
Mrs. Wilbur, Dean Mary Yost, Dean
and Mrs. I3unn, Miss Crandall and
Rovena Conn, the president of La
gunita Club. Mrs. Harry Rathbun,
Miss Kathryn Rogers, Mrs. Helen G.
Miller, Miss Eleanor Eddy, Miss
Anastasia Doyle, Mrs. Eliot Mears,
Mrs. Leona B. Diekema, and Miss
Frances Terrell poured.
Yesterday afternoon from 4 to 6
o'clock Lagunita Club entertained at
a faculty tea honoring Miss Eliza
beth Crandall, the director of the
hall. The guests included the facul
ty, board of trustees, and other
friends who have shown interest in
Lagunita Club.
Dorothy Gray was the general
chairman in charge of arrangements.
Virginia Thompson was chairman of
the hospitality committee. Natalia
Allan, Katherine Groff, and Norma
Wat kins worked under her as host
esses. Molly Davis was the chairman
of the serving committee, Jean
Blackman was head of the invita
tion committee, and Vernice Carlson
had charge of the decorations.
Receiving the guests were Dr. and
Mrs. Wilbur, Dean Mary Yost, Dean
and Mrs. I3unn, Miss Crandall and
Rovena Conn, the president of La
gunita Club. Mrs. Harry Rathbun,
Miss Kathryn Rogers, Mrs. Helen G.
Miller, Miss Eleanor Eddy, Miss
Anastasia Doyle, Mrs. Eliot Mears,
Mrs. Leona B. Diekema, and Miss
Frances Terrell poured.
Yesterday afternoon from 4 to 6
o'clock Lagunita Club entertained at
a faculty tea honoring Miss Eliza
beth Crandall, the director of the
hall. The guests included the facul
ty, board of trustees, and other
friends who have shown interest in
Lagunita Club.
Dorothy Gray was the general
chairman in charge of arrangements.
Virginia Thompson was chairman of
the hospitality committee. Natalia
Allan, Katherine Groff, and Norma
Wat kins worked under her as host
esses. Molly Davis was the chairman
of the serving committee, Jean
Blackman was head of the invita
tion committee, and Vernice Carlson
had charge of the decorations.
Receiving the guests were Dr. and
Mrs. Wilbur, Dean Mary Yost, Dean
and Mrs. I3unn, Miss Crandall and
Rovena Conn, the president of La
gunita Club. Mrs. Harry Rathbun,
Miss Kathryn Rogers, Mrs. Helen G.
Miller, Miss Eleanor Eddy, Miss
Anastasia Doyle, Mrs. Eliot Mears,
Mrs. Leona B. Diekema, and Miss
Frances Terrell poured.
Yesterday afternoon from 4 to 6
o'clock Lagunita Club entertained at
a faculty tea honoring Miss Eliza
beth Crandall, the director of the
hall. The guests included the facul
ty, board of trustees, and other
friends who have shown interest in
Lagunita Club.
Dorothy Gray was the general
chairman in charge of arrangements.
Virginia Thompson was chairman of
the hospitality committee. Natalia
Allan, Katherine Groff, and Norma
Wat kins worked under her as host
esses. Molly Davis was the chairman
of the serving committee, Jean
Blackman was head of the invita
tion committee, and Vernice Carlson
had charge of the decorations.
Receiving the guests were Dr. and
Mrs. Wilbur, Dean Mary Yost, Dean
and Mrs. I3unn, Miss Crandall and
Rovena Conn, the president of La
gunita Club. Mrs. Harry Rathbun,
Miss Kathryn Rogers, Mrs. Helen G.
Miller, Miss Eleanor Eddy, Miss
Anastasia Doyle, Mrs. Eliot Mears,
Mrs. Leona B. Diekema, and Miss
Frances Terrell poured.
Yesterday afternoon from 4 to 6
o'clock Lagunita Club entertained at
a faculty tea honoring Miss Eliza
beth Crandall, the director of the
hall. The guests included the facul
ty, board of trustees, and other
friends who have shown interest in
Lagunita Club.
Dorothy Gray was the general
chairman in charge of arrangements.
Virginia Thompson was chairman of
the hospitality committee. Natalia
Allan, Katherine Groff, and Norma
Wat kins worked under her as host
esses. Molly Davis was the chairman
of the serving committee, Jean
Blackman was head of the invita
tion committee, and Vernice Carlson
had charge of the decorations.
Receiving the guests were Dr. and
Mrs. Wilbur, Dean Mary Yost, Dean
and Mrs. I3unn, Miss Crandall and
Rovena Conn, the president of La
gunita Club. Mrs. Harry Rathbun,
Miss Kathryn Rogers, Mrs. Helen G.
Miller, Miss Eleanor Eddy, Miss
Anastasia Doyle, Mrs. Eliot Mears,
Mrs. Leona B. Diekema, and Miss
Frances Terrell poured.
Yesterday afternoon from 4 to 6
o'clock Lagunita Club entertained at
a faculty tea honoring Miss Eliza
beth Crandall, the director of the
hall. The guests included the facul
ty, board of trustees, and other
friends who have shown interest in
Lagunita Club.
Dorothy Gray was the general
chairman in charge of arrangements.
Virginia Thompson was chairman of
the hospitality committee. Natalia
Allan, Katherine Groff, and Norma
Wat kins worked under her as host
esses. Molly Davis was the chairman
of the serving committee, Jean
Blackman was head of the invita
tion committee, and Vernice Carlson
had charge of the decorations.
Receiving the guests were Dr. and
Mrs. Wilbur, Dean Mary Yost, Dean
and Mrs. I3unn, Miss Crandall and
Rovena Conn, the president of La
gunita Club. Mrs. Harry Rathbun,
Miss Kathryn Rogers, Mrs. Helen G.
Miller, Miss Eleanor Eddy, Miss
Anastasia Doyle, Mrs. Eliot Mears,
Mrs. Leona B. Diekema, and Miss
Frances Terrell poured.
Yesterday afternoon from 4 to 6
o'clock Lagunita Club entertained at
a faculty tea honoring Miss Eliza
beth Crandall, the director of the
hall. The guests included the facul
ty, board of trustees, and other
friends who have shown interest in
Lagunita Club.
Dorothy Gray was the general
chairman in charge of arrangements.
Virginia Thompson was chairman of
the hospitality committee. Natalia
Allan, Katherine Groff, and Norma
Wat kins worked under her as host
esses. Molly Davis was the chairman
of the serving committee, Jean
Blackman was head of the invita
tion committee, and Vernice Carlson
had charge of the decorations.
Receiving the guests were Dr. and
Mrs. Wilbur, Dean Mary Yost, Dean
and Mrs. I3unn, Miss Crandall and
Rovena Conn, the president of La
gunita Club. Mrs. Harry Rathbun,
Miss Kathryn Rogers, Mrs. Helen G.
Miller, Miss Eleanor Eddy, Miss
Anastasia Doyle, Mrs. Eliot Mears,
Mrs. Leona B. Diekema, and Miss
Frances Terrell poured.
Yesterday afternoon from 4 to 6
o'clock Lagunita Club entertained at
a faculty tea honoring Miss Eliza
beth Crandall, the director of the
hall. The guests included the facul
ty, board of trustees, and other
friends who have shown interest in
Lagunita Club.
Dorothy Gray was the general
chairman in charge of arrangements.
Virginia Thompson was chairman of
the hospitality committee. Natalia
Allan, Katherine Groff, and Norma
Wat kins worked under her as host
esses. Molly Davis was the chairman
of the serving committee, Jean
Blackman was head of the invita
tion committee, and Vernice Carlson
had charge of the decorations.
Receiving the guests were Dr. and
Mrs. Wilbur, Dean Mary Yost, Dean
and Mrs. I3unn, Miss Crandall and
Rovena Conn, the president of La
gunita Club. Mrs. Harry Rathbun,
Miss Kathryn Rogers, Mrs. Helen G.
Miller, Miss Eleanor Eddy, Miss
Anastasia Doyle, Mrs. Eliot Mears,
Mrs. Leona B. Diekema, and Miss
Frances Terrell poured.
Yesterday afternoon from 4 to 6
o'clock Lagunita Club entertained at
a faculty tea honoring Miss Eliza
beth Crandall, the director of the
hall. The guests included the facul
ty, board of trustees, and other
friends who have shown interest in
Lagunita Club.
Dorothy Gray was the general
chairman in charge of arrangements.
Virginia Thompson was chairman of
the hospitality committee. Natalia
Allan, Katherine Groff, and Norma
Wat kins worked under her as host
esses. Molly Davis was the chairman
of the serving committee, Jean
Blackman was head of the invita
tion committee, and Vernice Carlson
had charge of the decorations.
Receiving the guests were Dr. and
Mrs. Wilbur, Dean Mary Yost, Dean
and Mrs. I3unn, Miss Crandall and
Rovena Conn, the president of La
gunita Club. Mrs. Harry Rathbun,
Miss Kathryn Rogers, Mrs. Helen G.
Miller, Miss Eleanor Eddy, Miss
Anastasia Doyle, Mrs. Eliot Mears,
Mrs. Leona B. Diekema, and Miss
Frances Terrell poured.
Yesterday afternoon from 4 to 6
o'clock Lagunita Club entertained at
a faculty tea honoring Miss Eliza
beth Crandall, the director of the
hall. The guests included the facul
ty, board of trustees, and other
friends who have shown interest in
Lagunita Club.
Dorothy Gray was the general
chairman in charge of arrangements.
Virginia Thompson was chairman of
the hospitality committee. Natalia
Allan, Katherine Groff, and Norma
Wat kins worked under her as host
esses. Molly Davis was the chairman
of the serving committee, Jean
Blackman was head of the invita
tion committee, and Vernice Carlson
had charge of the decorations.
Receiving the guests were Dr. and
Mrs. Wilbur, Dean Mary Yost, Dean
and Mrs. I3unn, Miss Crandall and
Rovena Conn, the president of La
gunita Club. Mrs. Harry Rathbun,
Miss Kathryn Rogers, Mrs. Helen G.
Miller, Miss Eleanor Eddy, Miss
Anastasia Doyle, Mrs. Eliot Mears,
Mrs. Leona B. Diekema, and Miss
Frances Terrell poured.
Yesterday afternoon from 4 to 6
o'clock Lagunita Club entertained at
a faculty tea honoring Miss Eliza
beth Crandall, the director of the
hall. The guests included the facul
ty, board of trustees, and other
friends who have shown interest in
Lagunita Club.
Dorothy Gray was the general
chairman in charge of arrangements.
Virginia Thompson was chairman of
the hospitality committee. Natalia
Allan, Katherine Groff, and Norma
Wat kins worked under her as host
esses. Molly Davis was the chairman
of the serving committee, Jean
Blackman was head of the invita
tion committee, and Vernice Carlson
had charge of the decorations.
Receiving the guests were Dr. and
Mrs. Wilbur, Dean Mary Yost, Dean
and Mrs. I3unn, Miss Crandall and
Rovena Conn, the president of La
gunita Club. Mrs. Harry Rathbun,
Miss Kathryn Rogers, Mrs. Helen G.
Miller, Miss Eleanor Eddy, Miss
Anastasia Doyle, Mrs. Eliot Mears,
Mrs. Leona B. Diekema, and Miss
Frances Terrell poured.
Yesterday afternoon from 4 to 6
o'clock Lagunita Club entertained at
a faculty tea honoring Miss Eliza
beth Crandall, the director of the
hall. The guests included the facul
ty, board of trustees, and other
friends who have shown interest in
Lagunita Club.
Dorothy Gray was the general
chairman in charge of arrangements.
Virginia Thompson was chairman of
the hospitality committee. Natalia
Allan, Katherine Groff, and Norma
Wat kins worked under her as host
esses. Molly Davis was the chairman
of the serving committee, Jean
Blackman was head of the invita
tion committee, and Vernice Carlson
had charge of the decorations.
Receiving the guests were Dr. and
Mrs. Wilbur, Dean Mary Yost, Dean
and Mrs. I3unn, Miss Crandall and
Rovena Conn, the president of La
gunita Club. Mrs. Harry Rathbun,
Miss Kathryn Rogers, Mrs. Helen G.
Miller, Miss Eleanor Eddy, Miss
Anastasia Doyle, Mrs. Eliot Mears,
Mrs. Leona B. Diekema, and Miss
Frances Terrell poured.
Yesterday afternoon from 4 to 6
o'clock Lagunita Club entertained at
a faculty tea honoring Miss Eliza
beth Crandall, the director of the
hall. The guests included the facul
ty, board of trustees, and other
friends who have shown interest in
Lagunita Club.
Dorothy Gray was the general
chairman in charge of arrangements.
Virginia Thompson was chairman of
the hospitality committee. Natalia
Allan, Katherine Groff, and Norma
Wat kins worked under her as host
esses. Molly Davis was the chairman
of the serving committee, Jean
Blackman was head of the invita
tion committee, and Vernice Carlson
had charge of the decorations.
Receiving the guests were Dr. and
Mrs. Wilbur, Dean Mary Yost, Dean
and Mrs. I3unn, Miss Crandall and
Rovena Conn, the president of La
gunita Club. Mrs. Harry Rathbun,
Miss Kathryn Rogers, Mrs. Helen G.
Miller, Miss Eleanor Eddy, Miss
Anastasia Doyle, Mrs. Eliot Mears,
Mrs. Leona B. Diekema, and Miss
Frances Terrell poured.
Yesterday afternoon from 4 to 6
o'clock Lagunita Club entertained at
a faculty tea honoring Miss Eliza
beth Crandall, the director of the
hall. The guests included the facul
ty, board of trustees, and other
friends who have shown interest in
Lagunita Club.
Dorothy Gray was the general
chairman in charge of arrangements.
Virginia Thompson was chairman of
the hospitality committee. Natalia
Allan, Katherine Groff, and Norma
Wat kins worked under her as host
esses. Molly Davis was the chairman
of the serving committee, Jean
Blackman was head of the invita
tion committee, and Vernice Carlson
had charge of the decorations.
Receiving the guests were Dr. and
Mrs. Wilbur, Dean Mary Yost, Dean
and Mrs. I3unn, Miss Crandall and
Rovena Conn, the president of La
gunita Club. Mrs. Harry Rathbun,
Miss Kathryn Rogers, Mrs. Helen G.
Miller, Miss Eleanor Eddy, Miss
Anastasia Doyle, Mrs. Eliot Mears,
Mrs. Leona B. Diekema, and Miss
Frances Terrell poured.
Yesterday afternoon from 4 to 6
o'clock Lagunita Club entertained at
a faculty tea honoring Miss Eliza
beth Crandall, the director of the
hall. The guests included the facul
ty, board of trustees, and other
friends who have shown interest in
Lagunita Club.
Dorothy Gray was the general
chairman in charge of arrangements.
Virginia Thompson was chairman of
the hospitality committee. Natalia
Allan, Katherine Groff, and Norma
Wat kins worked under her as host
esses. Molly Davis was the chairman
of the serving committee, Jean
Blackman was head of the invita
tion committee, and Vernice Carlson
had charge of the decorations.
Receiving the guests were Dr. and
Mrs. Wilbur, Dean Mary Yost, Dean
and Mrs. I3unn, Miss Crandall and
Rovena Conn, the president of La
gunita Club. Mrs. Harry Rathbun,
Miss Kathryn Rogers, Mrs. Helen G.
Miller, Miss Eleanor Eddy, Miss
Anastasia Doyle, Mrs. Eliot Mears,
Mrs. Leona B. Diekema, and Miss
Frances Terrell poured.
