# NEW RAM'S HEAD MEMBERS
## 
### 
Ram's Head, honorary Stanford
dramatic society, announced last
night that membership in the society
had been extended to three civilian
students and three Army students.
Elected to membership were Justine
Huking, Ellen Marcus, and Bill Rose,
and to honorary membership, Dick
Carter, Dick Best, and Bud Irving.
Ram's Head, honorary Stanford
dramatic society, announced last
night that membership in the society
had been extended to three civilian
students and three Army students.
Elected to membership were Justine
Huking, Ellen Marcus, and Bill Rose,
and to honorary membership, Dick
Carter, Dick Best, and Bud Irving.
Ram's Head, honorary Stanford
dramatic society, announced last
night that membership in the society
had been extended to three civilian
students and three Army students.
Elected to membership were Justine
Huking, Ellen Marcus, and Bill Rose,
and to honorary membership, Dick
Carter, Dick Best, and Bud Irving.
Ram's Head, honorary Stanford
dramatic society, announced last
night that membership in the society
had been extended to three civilian
students and three Army students.
Elected to membership were Justine
Huking, Ellen Marcus, and Bill Rose,
and to honorary membership, Dick
Carter, Dick Best, and Bud Irving.
Ram's Head, honorary Stanford
dramatic society, announced last
night that membership in the society
had been extended to three civilian
students and three Army students.
Elected to membership were Justine
Huking, Ellen Marcus, and Bill Rose,
and to honorary membership, Dick
Carter, Dick Best, and Bud Irving.
Ram's Head, honorary Stanford
dramatic society, announced last
night that membership in the society
had been extended to three civilian
students and three Army students.
Elected to membership were Justine
Huking, Ellen Marcus, and Bill Rose,
and to honorary membership, Dick
Carter, Dick Best, and Bud Irving.
Ram's Head, honorary Stanford
dramatic society, announced last
night that membership in the society
had been extended to three civilian
students and three Army students.
Elected to membership were Justine
Huking, Ellen Marcus, and Bill Rose,
and to honorary membership, Dick
Carter, Dick Best, and Bud Irving.
Ram's Head, honorary Stanford
dramatic society, announced last
night that membership in the society
had been extended to three civilian
students and three Army students.
Elected to membership were Justine
Huking, Ellen Marcus, and Bill Rose,
and to honorary membership, Dick
Carter, Dick Best, and Bud Irving.
Ram's Head, honorary Stanford
dramatic society, announced last
night that membership in the society
had been extended to three civilian
students and three Army students.
Elected to membership were Justine
Huking, Ellen Marcus, and Bill Rose,
and to honorary membership, Dick
Carter, Dick Best, and Bud Irving.
Ram's Head, honorary Stanford
dramatic society, announced last
night that membership in the society
had been extended to three civilian
students and three Army students.
Elected to membership were Justine
Huking, Ellen Marcus, and Bill Rose,
and to honorary membership, Dick
Carter, Dick Best, and Bud Irving.
Ram's Head, honorary Stanford
dramatic society, announced last
night that membership in the society
had been extended to three civilian
students and three Army students.
Elected to membership were Justine
Huking, Ellen Marcus, and Bill Rose,
and to honorary membership, Dick
Carter, Dick Best, and Bud Irving.
Ram's Head, honorary Stanford
dramatic society, announced last
night that membership in the society
had been extended to three civilian
students and three Army students.
Elected to membership were Justine
Huking, Ellen Marcus, and Bill Rose,
and to honorary membership, Dick
Carter, Dick Best, and Bud Irving.
Ram's Head, honorary Stanford
dramatic society, announced last
night that membership in the society
had been extended to three civilian
students and three Army students.
Elected to membership were Justine
Huking, Ellen Marcus, and Bill Rose,
and to honorary membership, Dick
Carter, Dick Best, and Bud Irving.
Ram's Head, honorary Stanford
dramatic society, announced last
night that membership in the society
had been extended to three civilian
students and three Army students.
Elected to membership were Justine
Huking, Ellen Marcus, and Bill Rose,
and to honorary membership, Dick
Carter, Dick Best, and Bud Irving.
Ram's Head, honorary Stanford
dramatic society, announced last
night that membership in the society
had been extended to three civilian
students and three Army students.
Elected to membership were Justine
Huking, Ellen Marcus, and Bill Rose,
and to honorary membership, Dick
Carter, Dick Best, and Bud Irving.
