# OGG SEMINAR SPEAKER
## 
### 
Richard A. Ogg, Jr., associate pro
fessor of chemistry, will be the
speaker at the Chemistry Department
Seminar to be held at 4:10 this after
noon in Room C2O, Chemistry build
ing. Dr. Ogg will speak on "The
Theory of Acid-Base Indicator Ac
tion."
Richard A. Ogg, Jr., associate pro
fessor of chemistry, will be the
speaker at the Chemistry Department
Seminar to be held at 4:10 this after
noon in Room C2O, Chemistry build
ing. Dr. Ogg will speak on "The
Theory of Acid-Base Indicator Ac
tion."
Richard A. Ogg, Jr., associate pro
fessor of chemistry, will be the
speaker at the Chemistry Department
Seminar to be held at 4:10 this after
noon in Room C2O, Chemistry build
ing. Dr. Ogg will speak on "The
Theory of Acid-Base Indicator Ac
tion."
Richard A. Ogg, Jr., associate pro
fessor of chemistry, will be the
speaker at the Chemistry Department
Seminar to be held at 4:10 this after
noon in Room C2O, Chemistry build
ing. Dr. Ogg will speak on "The
Theory of Acid-Base Indicator Ac
tion."
Richard A. Ogg, Jr., associate pro
fessor of chemistry, will be the
speaker at the Chemistry Department
Seminar to be held at 4:10 this after
noon in Room C2O, Chemistry build
ing. Dr. Ogg will speak on "The
Theory of Acid-Base Indicator Ac
tion."
Richard A. Ogg, Jr., associate pro
fessor of chemistry, will be the
speaker at the Chemistry Department
Seminar to be held at 4:10 this after
noon in Room C2O, Chemistry build
ing. Dr. Ogg will speak on "The
Theory of Acid-Base Indicator Ac
tion."
Richard A. Ogg, Jr., associate pro
fessor of chemistry, will be the
speaker at the Chemistry Department
Seminar to be held at 4:10 this after
noon in Room C2O, Chemistry build
ing. Dr. Ogg will speak on "The
Theory of Acid-Base Indicator Ac
tion."
Richard A. Ogg, Jr., associate pro
fessor of chemistry, will be the
speaker at the Chemistry Department
Seminar to be held at 4:10 this after
noon in Room C2O, Chemistry build
ing. Dr. Ogg will speak on "The
Theory of Acid-Base Indicator Ac
tion."
Richard A. Ogg, Jr., associate pro
fessor of chemistry, will be the
speaker at the Chemistry Department
Seminar to be held at 4:10 this after
noon in Room C2O, Chemistry build
ing. Dr. Ogg will speak on "The
Theory of Acid-Base Indicator Ac
tion."
Richard A. Ogg, Jr., associate pro
fessor of chemistry, will be the
speaker at the Chemistry Department
Seminar to be held at 4:10 this after
noon in Room C2O, Chemistry build
ing. Dr. Ogg will speak on "The
Theory of Acid-Base Indicator Ac
tion."
Richard A. Ogg, Jr., associate pro
fessor of chemistry, will be the
speaker at the Chemistry Department
Seminar to be held at 4:10 this after
noon in Room C2O, Chemistry build
ing. Dr. Ogg will speak on "The
Theory of Acid-Base Indicator Ac
tion."
Richard A. Ogg, Jr., associate pro
fessor of chemistry, will be the
speaker at the Chemistry Department
Seminar to be held at 4:10 this after
noon in Room C2O, Chemistry build
ing. Dr. Ogg will speak on "The
Theory of Acid-Base Indicator Ac
tion."
Richard A. Ogg, Jr., associate pro
fessor of chemistry, will be the
speaker at the Chemistry Department
Seminar to be held at 4:10 this after
noon in Room C2O, Chemistry build
ing. Dr. Ogg will speak on "The
Theory of Acid-Base Indicator Ac
tion."
Richard A. Ogg, Jr., associate pro
fessor of chemistry, will be the
speaker at the Chemistry Department
Seminar to be held at 4:10 this after
noon in Room C2O, Chemistry build
ing. Dr. Ogg will speak on "The
Theory of Acid-Base Indicator Ac
tion."
Richard A. Ogg, Jr., associate pro
fessor of chemistry, will be the
speaker at the Chemistry Department
Seminar to be held at 4:10 this after
noon in Room C2O, Chemistry build
ing. Dr. Ogg will speak on "The
Theory of Acid-Base Indicator Ac
tion."
