# Adv. 22 Page 6
## 
### 
HELP
WANTED
National Student Publication
is interviewing individuals
(men and women) for a
position to solicit local
advertising accounts. This
temporary, part-time position
could lead to full time status
in the summer. Sales
experience preferred, will
consider well-motivated,
dynamic, persistent
individuals. Approach 13-30:
841-9659.
HELP
WANTED
National Student Publication
is interviewing individuals
(men and women) for a
position to solicit local
advertising accounts. This
temporary, part-time position
could lead to full time status
in the summer. Sales
experience preferred, will
consider well-motivated,
dynamic, persistent
individuals. Approach 13-30:
841-9659.
HELP
WANTED
National Student Publication
is interviewing individuals
(men and women) for a
position to solicit local
advertising accounts. This
temporary, part-time position
could lead to full time status
in the summer. Sales
experience preferred, will
consider well-motivated,
dynamic, persistent
individuals. Approach 13-30:
841-9659.
HELP
WANTED
National Student Publication
is interviewing individuals
(men and women) for a
position to solicit local
advertising accounts. This
temporary, part-time position
could lead to full time status
in the summer. Sales
experience preferred, will
consider well-motivated,
dynamic, persistent
individuals. Approach 13-30:
841-9659.
HELP
WANTED
National Student Publication
is interviewing individuals
(men and women) for a
position to solicit local
advertising accounts. This
temporary, part-time position
could lead to full time status
in the summer. Sales
experience preferred, will
consider well-motivated,
dynamic, persistent
individuals. Approach 13-30:
841-9659.
HELP
WANTED
National Student Publication
is interviewing individuals
(men and women) for a
position to solicit local
advertising accounts. This
temporary, part-time position
could lead to full time status
in the summer. Sales
experience preferred, will
consider well-motivated,
dynamic, persistent
individuals. Approach 13-30:
841-9659.
HELP
WANTED
National Student Publication
is interviewing individuals
(men and women) for a
position to solicit local
advertising accounts. This
temporary, part-time position
could lead to full time status
in the summer. Sales
experience preferred, will
consider well-motivated,
dynamic, persistent
individuals. Approach 13-30:
841-9659.
HELP
WANTED
National Student Publication
is interviewing individuals
(men and women) for a
position to solicit local
advertising accounts. This
temporary, part-time position
could lead to full time status
in the summer. Sales
experience preferred, will
consider well-motivated,
dynamic, persistent
individuals. Approach 13-30:
841-9659.
HELP
WANTED
National Student Publication
is interviewing individuals
(men and women) for a
position to solicit local
advertising accounts. This
temporary, part-time position
could lead to full time status
in the summer. Sales
experience preferred, will
consider well-motivated,
dynamic, persistent
individuals. Approach 13-30:
841-9659.
HELP
WANTED
National Student Publication
is interviewing individuals
(men and women) for a
position to solicit local
advertising accounts. This
temporary, part-time position
could lead to full time status
in the summer. Sales
experience preferred, will
consider well-motivated,
dynamic, persistent
individuals. Approach 13-30:
841-9659.
HELP
WANTED
National Student Publication
is interviewing individuals
(men and women) for a
position to solicit local
advertising accounts. This
temporary, part-time position
could lead to full time status
in the summer. Sales
experience preferred, will
consider well-motivated,
dynamic, persistent
individuals. Approach 13-30:
841-9659.
HELP
WANTED
National Student Publication
is interviewing individuals
(men and women) for a
position to solicit local
advertising accounts. This
temporary, part-time position
could lead to full time status
in the summer. Sales
experience preferred, will
consider well-motivated,
dynamic, persistent
individuals. Approach 13-30:
841-9659.
HELP
WANTED
National Student Publication
is interviewing individuals
(men and women) for a
position to solicit local
advertising accounts. This
temporary, part-time position
could lead to full time status
in the summer. Sales
experience preferred, will
consider well-motivated,
dynamic, persistent
individuals. Approach 13-30:
841-9659.
