# Gets Fraternity House.
## 
### 
The new chapter of Theta Delta
Chi, which is to lie installed at
Berkeley April 25th, hue rented
the former Delta Kappa Epsilon
house at Mayfield, and will occupy
it next September.
The new chapter of Theta Delta
Chi, which is to lie installed at
Berkeley April 25th, hue rented
the former Delta Kappa Epsilon
house at Mayfield, and will occupy
it next September.
The new chapter of Theta Delta
Chi, which is to lie installed at
Berkeley April 25th, hue rented
the former Delta Kappa Epsilon
house at Mayfield, and will occupy
it next September.
The new chapter of Theta Delta
Chi, which is to lie installed at
Berkeley April 25th, hue rented
the former Delta Kappa Epsilon
house at Mayfield, and will occupy
it next September.
The new chapter of Theta Delta
Chi, which is to lie installed at
Berkeley April 25th, hue rented
the former Delta Kappa Epsilon
house at Mayfield, and will occupy
it next September.
The new chapter of Theta Delta
Chi, which is to lie installed at
Berkeley April 25th, hue rented
the former Delta Kappa Epsilon
house at Mayfield, and will occupy
it next September.
The new chapter of Theta Delta
Chi, which is to lie installed at
Berkeley April 25th, hue rented
the former Delta Kappa Epsilon
house at Mayfield, and will occupy
it next September.
