# El Tigre
## 
### 
EI Tigre announces its new of
ficers for winter quarter: Fred
Ruhland, president; Tony Inder
bitzen, vice-president; Tom Mac-
Arthur, business manager; Ron
Gray, housing chairman; George
Santanya, secretary; Doug War
ner, treasurer; Dick Bolton, rush
ing chairman; Bob Hubbs, athlet
ic chairman; Steve Tallent, alum
ni secretary; Jim Sammet, ser
geant-at-arms.
EI Tigre announces its new of
ficers for winter quarter: Fred
Ruhland, president; Tony Inder
bitzen, vice-president; Tom Mac-
Arthur, business manager; Ron
Gray, housing chairman; George
Santanya, secretary; Doug War
ner, treasurer; Dick Bolton, rush
ing chairman; Bob Hubbs, athlet
ic chairman; Steve Tallent, alum
ni secretary; Jim Sammet, ser
geant-at-arms.
EI Tigre announces its new of
ficers for winter quarter: Fred
Ruhland, president; Tony Inder
bitzen, vice-president; Tom Mac-
Arthur, business manager; Ron
Gray, housing chairman; George
Santanya, secretary; Doug War
ner, treasurer; Dick Bolton, rush
ing chairman; Bob Hubbs, athlet
ic chairman; Steve Tallent, alum
ni secretary; Jim Sammet, ser
geant-at-arms.
EI Tigre announces its new of
ficers for winter quarter: Fred
Ruhland, president; Tony Inder
bitzen, vice-president; Tom Mac-
Arthur, business manager; Ron
Gray, housing chairman; George
Santanya, secretary; Doug War
ner, treasurer; Dick Bolton, rush
ing chairman; Bob Hubbs, athlet
ic chairman; Steve Tallent, alum
ni secretary; Jim Sammet, ser
geant-at-arms.
EI Tigre announces its new of
ficers for winter quarter: Fred
Ruhland, president; Tony Inder
bitzen, vice-president; Tom Mac-
Arthur, business manager; Ron
Gray, housing chairman; George
Santanya, secretary; Doug War
ner, treasurer; Dick Bolton, rush
ing chairman; Bob Hubbs, athlet
ic chairman; Steve Tallent, alum
ni secretary; Jim Sammet, ser
geant-at-arms.
EI Tigre announces its new of
ficers for winter quarter: Fred
Ruhland, president; Tony Inder
bitzen, vice-president; Tom Mac-
Arthur, business manager; Ron
Gray, housing chairman; George
Santanya, secretary; Doug War
ner, treasurer; Dick Bolton, rush
ing chairman; Bob Hubbs, athlet
ic chairman; Steve Tallent, alum
ni secretary; Jim Sammet, ser
geant-at-arms.
EI Tigre announces its new of
ficers for winter quarter: Fred
Ruhland, president; Tony Inder
bitzen, vice-president; Tom Mac-
Arthur, business manager; Ron
Gray, housing chairman; George
Santanya, secretary; Doug War
ner, treasurer; Dick Bolton, rush
ing chairman; Bob Hubbs, athlet
ic chairman; Steve Tallent, alum
ni secretary; Jim Sammet, ser
geant-at-arms.
EI Tigre announces its new of
ficers for winter quarter: Fred
Ruhland, president; Tony Inder
bitzen, vice-president; Tom Mac-
Arthur, business manager; Ron
Gray, housing chairman; George
Santanya, secretary; Doug War
ner, treasurer; Dick Bolton, rush
ing chairman; Bob Hubbs, athlet
ic chairman; Steve Tallent, alum
ni secretary; Jim Sammet, ser
geant-at-arms.
EI Tigre announces its new of
ficers for winter quarter: Fred
Ruhland, president; Tony Inder
bitzen, vice-president; Tom Mac-
Arthur, business manager; Ron
Gray, housing chairman; George
Santanya, secretary; Doug War
ner, treasurer; Dick Bolton, rush
ing chairman; Bob Hubbs, athlet
ic chairman; Steve Tallent, alum
ni secretary; Jim Sammet, ser
geant-at-arms.
EI Tigre announces its new of
ficers for winter quarter: Fred
Ruhland, president; Tony Inder
bitzen, vice-president; Tom Mac-
Arthur, business manager; Ron
Gray, housing chairman; George
Santanya, secretary; Doug War
ner, treasurer; Dick Bolton, rush
ing chairman; Bob Hubbs, athlet
ic chairman; Steve Tallent, alum
ni secretary; Jim Sammet, ser
geant-at-arms.
EI Tigre announces its new of
ficers for winter quarter: Fred
Ruhland, president; Tony Inder
bitzen, vice-president; Tom Mac-
Arthur, business manager; Ron
Gray, housing chairman; George
Santanya, secretary; Doug War
ner, treasurer; Dick Bolton, rush
ing chairman; Bob Hubbs, athlet
ic chairman; Steve Tallent, alum
ni secretary; Jim Sammet, ser
geant-at-arms.
EI Tigre announces its new of
ficers for winter quarter: Fred
Ruhland, president; Tony Inder
bitzen, vice-president; Tom Mac-
Arthur, business manager; Ron
Gray, housing chairman; George
Santanya, secretary; Doug War
ner, treasurer; Dick Bolton, rush
ing chairman; Bob Hubbs, athlet
ic chairman; Steve Tallent, alum
ni secretary; Jim Sammet, ser
geant-at-arms.
EI Tigre announces its new of
ficers for winter quarter: Fred
Ruhland, president; Tony Inder
bitzen, vice-president; Tom Mac-
Arthur, business manager; Ron
Gray, housing chairman; George
Santanya, secretary; Doug War
ner, treasurer; Dick Bolton, rush
ing chairman; Bob Hubbs, athlet
ic chairman; Steve Tallent, alum
ni secretary; Jim Sammet, ser
geant-at-arms.
EI Tigre announces its new of
ficers for winter quarter: Fred
Ruhland, president; Tony Inder
bitzen, vice-president; Tom Mac-
Arthur, business manager; Ron
Gray, housing chairman; George
Santanya, secretary; Doug War
ner, treasurer; Dick Bolton, rush
ing chairman; Bob Hubbs, athlet
ic chairman; Steve Tallent, alum
ni secretary; Jim Sammet, ser
geant-at-arms.
EI Tigre announces its new of
ficers for winter quarter: Fred
Ruhland, president; Tony Inder
bitzen, vice-president; Tom Mac-
Arthur, business manager; Ron
Gray, housing chairman; George
Santanya, secretary; Doug War
ner, treasurer; Dick Bolton, rush
ing chairman; Bob Hubbs, athlet
ic chairman; Steve Tallent, alum
ni secretary; Jim Sammet, ser
geant-at-arms.
