# Red Cross Drive Is Not for Students
## 
### 
Contributions for the Red Cross
Drive will not be solicited from
students this year, according 1o
Drive Chairman Mrs. William
Crosten.
A goal of $3766 has been set for
those on campus, other than sUi
dents, including University em
ployees and campus residents.
Contributions for the Red Cross
Drive will not be solicited from
students this year, according 1o
Drive Chairman Mrs. William
Crosten.
A goal of $3766 has been set for
those on campus, other than sUi
dents, including University em
ployees and campus residents.
Contributions for the Red Cross
Drive will not be solicited from
students this year, according 1o
Drive Chairman Mrs. William
Crosten.
A goal of $3766 has been set for
those on campus, other than sUi
dents, including University em
ployees and campus residents.
Contributions for the Red Cross
Drive will not be solicited from
students this year, according 1o
Drive Chairman Mrs. William
Crosten.
A goal of $3766 has been set for
those on campus, other than sUi
dents, including University em
ployees and campus residents.
Contributions for the Red Cross
Drive will not be solicited from
students this year, according 1o
Drive Chairman Mrs. William
Crosten.
A goal of $3766 has been set for
those on campus, other than sUi
dents, including University em
ployees and campus residents.
Contributions for the Red Cross
Drive will not be solicited from
students this year, according 1o
Drive Chairman Mrs. William
Crosten.
A goal of $3766 has been set for
those on campus, other than sUi
dents, including University em
ployees and campus residents.
Contributions for the Red Cross
Drive will not be solicited from
students this year, according 1o
Drive Chairman Mrs. William
Crosten.
A goal of $3766 has been set for
those on campus, other than sUi
dents, including University em
ployees and campus residents.
Contributions for the Red Cross
Drive will not be solicited from
students this year, according 1o
Drive Chairman Mrs. William
Crosten.
A goal of $3766 has been set for
those on campus, other than sUi
dents, including University em
ployees and campus residents.
Contributions for the Red Cross
Drive will not be solicited from
students this year, according 1o
Drive Chairman Mrs. William
Crosten.
A goal of $3766 has been set for
those on campus, other than sUi
dents, including University em
ployees and campus residents.
Contributions for the Red Cross
Drive will not be solicited from
students this year, according 1o
Drive Chairman Mrs. William
Crosten.
A goal of $3766 has been set for
those on campus, other than sUi
dents, including University em
ployees and campus residents.
Contributions for the Red Cross
Drive will not be solicited from
students this year, according 1o
Drive Chairman Mrs. William
Crosten.
A goal of $3766 has been set for
those on campus, other than sUi
dents, including University em
ployees and campus residents.
Contributions for the Red Cross
Drive will not be solicited from
students this year, according 1o
Drive Chairman Mrs. William
Crosten.
A goal of $3766 has been set for
those on campus, other than sUi
dents, including University em
ployees and campus residents.
Contributions for the Red Cross
Drive will not be solicited from
students this year, according 1o
Drive Chairman Mrs. William
Crosten.
A goal of $3766 has been set for
those on campus, other than sUi
dents, including University em
ployees and campus residents.
Contributions for the Red Cross
Drive will not be solicited from
students this year, according 1o
Drive Chairman Mrs. William
Crosten.
A goal of $3766 has been set for
those on campus, other than sUi
dents, including University em
ployees and campus residents.
Contributions for the Red Cross
Drive will not be solicited from
students this year, according 1o
Drive Chairman Mrs. William
Crosten.
A goal of $3766 has been set for
those on campus, other than sUi
dents, including University em
ployees and campus residents.
