# Joe Long Signs Pact With Canadian Eleven
## 
### 
Stanford center Joe Long has
signed to play football for (he
British Columbia Lions next year.
The f>-2, 220-pound pivot man was
one of the mainstays of the rug
ged Indian line last year.
Stanford center Joe Long has
signed to play football for (he
British Columbia Lions next year.
The f>-2, 220-pound pivot man was
one of the mainstays of the rug
ged Indian line last year.
Stanford center Joe Long has
signed to play football for (he
British Columbia Lions next year.
The f>-2, 220-pound pivot man was
one of the mainstays of the rug
ged Indian line last year.
Stanford center Joe Long has
signed to play football for (he
British Columbia Lions next year.
The f>-2, 220-pound pivot man was
one of the mainstays of the rug
ged Indian line last year.
Stanford center Joe Long has
signed to play football for (he
British Columbia Lions next year.
The f>-2, 220-pound pivot man was
one of the mainstays of the rug
ged Indian line last year.
Stanford center Joe Long has
signed to play football for (he
British Columbia Lions next year.
The f>-2, 220-pound pivot man was
one of the mainstays of the rug
ged Indian line last year.
Stanford center Joe Long has
signed to play football for (he
British Columbia Lions next year.
The f>-2, 220-pound pivot man was
one of the mainstays of the rug
ged Indian line last year.
Stanford center Joe Long has
signed to play football for (he
British Columbia Lions next year.
The f>-2, 220-pound pivot man was
one of the mainstays of the rug
ged Indian line last year.
Stanford center Joe Long has
signed to play football for (he
British Columbia Lions next year.
The f>-2, 220-pound pivot man was
one of the mainstays of the rug
ged Indian line last year.
Stanford center Joe Long has
signed to play football for (he
British Columbia Lions next year.
The f>-2, 220-pound pivot man was
one of the mainstays of the rug
ged Indian line last year.
Stanford center Joe Long has
signed to play football for (he
British Columbia Lions next year.
The f>-2, 220-pound pivot man was
one of the mainstays of the rug
ged Indian line last year.
Stanford center Joe Long has
signed to play football for (he
British Columbia Lions next year.
The f>-2, 220-pound pivot man was
one of the mainstays of the rug
ged Indian line last year.
Stanford center Joe Long has
signed to play football for (he
British Columbia Lions next year.
The f>-2, 220-pound pivot man was
one of the mainstays of the rug
ged Indian line last year.
Stanford center Joe Long has
signed to play football for (he
British Columbia Lions next year.
The f>-2, 220-pound pivot man was
one of the mainstays of the rug
ged Indian line last year.
Stanford center Joe Long has
signed to play football for (he
British Columbia Lions next year.
The f>-2, 220-pound pivot man was
one of the mainstays of the rug
ged Indian line last year.
