# Soph Cotillion Is Friday Night
## 
### 
If may be Leap Year but Myrna Kelley doesn't seem to be asking
Hiv/t McCoy to the Sophomore Cotillion, scheduled for this Friday
night at. the Sir Francis Drake Hotel in San Francisco. The dance
will be from !) to 1 and Jimmy Diamond's orchestra will provide the
music. Tickets are 011 sale at the Post Office and Engineering
Corner, $2.25 for sophomore class-card holders and $2.75 for all
other students. —Daily photo by George Wyse.

If may be Leap Year but Myrna Kelley doesn't seem to be asking
Hiv/t McCoy to the Sophomore Cotillion, scheduled for this Friday
night at. the Sir Francis Drake Hotel in San Francisco. The dance
will be from !) to 1 and Jimmy Diamond's orchestra will provide the
music. Tickets are 011 sale at the Post Office and Engineering
Corner, $2.25 for sophomore class-card holders and $2.75 for all
other students. —Daily photo by George Wyse.

If may be Leap Year but Myrna Kelley doesn't seem to be asking
Hiv/t McCoy to the Sophomore Cotillion, scheduled for this Friday
night at. the Sir Francis Drake Hotel in San Francisco. The dance
will be from !) to 1 and Jimmy Diamond's orchestra will provide the
music. Tickets are 011 sale at the Post Office and Engineering
Corner, $2.25 for sophomore class-card holders and $2.75 for all
other students. —Daily photo by George Wyse.

If may be Leap Year but Myrna Kelley doesn't seem to be asking
Hiv/t McCoy to the Sophomore Cotillion, scheduled for this Friday
night at. the Sir Francis Drake Hotel in San Francisco. The dance
will be from !) to 1 and Jimmy Diamond's orchestra will provide the
music. Tickets are 011 sale at the Post Office and Engineering
Corner, $2.25 for sophomore class-card holders and $2.75 for all
other students. —Daily photo by George Wyse.

If may be Leap Year but Myrna Kelley doesn't seem to be asking
Hiv/t McCoy to the Sophomore Cotillion, scheduled for this Friday
night at. the Sir Francis Drake Hotel in San Francisco. The dance
will be from !) to 1 and Jimmy Diamond's orchestra will provide the
music. Tickets are 011 sale at the Post Office and Engineering
Corner, $2.25 for sophomore class-card holders and $2.75 for all
other students. —Daily photo by George Wyse.

If may be Leap Year but Myrna Kelley doesn't seem to be asking
Hiv/t McCoy to the Sophomore Cotillion, scheduled for this Friday
night at. the Sir Francis Drake Hotel in San Francisco. The dance
will be from !) to 1 and Jimmy Diamond's orchestra will provide the
music. Tickets are 011 sale at the Post Office and Engineering
Corner, $2.25 for sophomore class-card holders and $2.75 for all
other students. —Daily photo by George Wyse.

If may be Leap Year but Myrna Kelley doesn't seem to be asking
Hiv/t McCoy to the Sophomore Cotillion, scheduled for this Friday
night at. the Sir Francis Drake Hotel in San Francisco. The dance
will be from !) to 1 and Jimmy Diamond's orchestra will provide the
music. Tickets are 011 sale at the Post Office and Engineering
Corner, $2.25 for sophomore class-card holders and $2.75 for all
other students. —Daily photo by George Wyse.

If may be Leap Year but Myrna Kelley doesn't seem to be asking
Hiv/t McCoy to the Sophomore Cotillion, scheduled for this Friday
night at. the Sir Francis Drake Hotel in San Francisco. The dance
will be from !) to 1 and Jimmy Diamond's orchestra will provide the
music. Tickets are 011 sale at the Post Office and Engineering
Corner, $2.25 for sophomore class-card holders and $2.75 for all
other students. —Daily photo by George Wyse.

If may be Leap Year but Myrna Kelley doesn't seem to be asking
Hiv/t McCoy to the Sophomore Cotillion, scheduled for this Friday
night at. the Sir Francis Drake Hotel in San Francisco. The dance
will be from !) to 1 and Jimmy Diamond's orchestra will provide the
music. Tickets are 011 sale at the Post Office and Engineering
Corner, $2.25 for sophomore class-card holders and $2.75 for all
other students. —Daily photo by George Wyse.

If may be Leap Year but Myrna Kelley doesn't seem to be asking
Hiv/t McCoy to the Sophomore Cotillion, scheduled for this Friday
night at. the Sir Francis Drake Hotel in San Francisco. The dance
will be from !) to 1 and Jimmy Diamond's orchestra will provide the
music. Tickets are 011 sale at the Post Office and Engineering
Corner, $2.25 for sophomore class-card holders and $2.75 for all
other students. —Daily photo by George Wyse.

If may be Leap Year but Myrna Kelley doesn't seem to be asking
Hiv/t McCoy to the Sophomore Cotillion, scheduled for this Friday
night at. the Sir Francis Drake Hotel in San Francisco. The dance
will be from !) to 1 and Jimmy Diamond's orchestra will provide the
music. Tickets are 011 sale at the Post Office and Engineering
Corner, $2.25 for sophomore class-card holders and $2.75 for all
other students. —Daily photo by George Wyse.

If may be Leap Year but Myrna Kelley doesn't seem to be asking
Hiv/t McCoy to the Sophomore Cotillion, scheduled for this Friday
night at. the Sir Francis Drake Hotel in San Francisco. The dance
will be from !) to 1 and Jimmy Diamond's orchestra will provide the
music. Tickets are 011 sale at the Post Office and Engineering
Corner, $2.25 for sophomore class-card holders and $2.75 for all
other students. —Daily photo by George Wyse.

If may be Leap Year but Myrna Kelley doesn't seem to be asking
Hiv/t McCoy to the Sophomore Cotillion, scheduled for this Friday
night at. the Sir Francis Drake Hotel in San Francisco. The dance
will be from !) to 1 and Jimmy Diamond's orchestra will provide the
music. Tickets are 011 sale at the Post Office and Engineering
Corner, $2.25 for sophomore class-card holders and $2.75 for all
other students. —Daily photo by George Wyse.

If may be Leap Year but Myrna Kelley doesn't seem to be asking
Hiv/t McCoy to the Sophomore Cotillion, scheduled for this Friday
night at. the Sir Francis Drake Hotel in San Francisco. The dance
will be from !) to 1 and Jimmy Diamond's orchestra will provide the
music. Tickets are 011 sale at the Post Office and Engineering
Corner, $2.25 for sophomore class-card holders and $2.75 for all
other students. —Daily photo by George Wyse.

If may be Leap Year but Myrna Kelley doesn't seem to be asking
Hiv/t McCoy to the Sophomore Cotillion, scheduled for this Friday
night at. the Sir Francis Drake Hotel in San Francisco. The dance
will be from !) to 1 and Jimmy Diamond's orchestra will provide the
music. Tickets are 011 sale at the Post Office and Engineering
Corner, $2.25 for sophomore class-card holders and $2.75 for all
other students. —Daily photo by George Wyse.

