# Mural Notice
## 
### 
Results of the quarter-final ta
ble tennis matches will be due in
the intramural office Monday, ac
cording .to Elwyn Bugge, intra
mural director.
Results of the quarter-final ta
ble tennis matches will be due in
the intramural office Monday, ac
cording .to Elwyn Bugge, intra
mural director.
Results of the quarter-final ta
ble tennis matches will be due in
the intramural office Monday, ac
cording .to Elwyn Bugge, intra
mural director.
Results of the quarter-final ta
ble tennis matches will be due in
the intramural office Monday, ac
cording .to Elwyn Bugge, intra
mural director.
Results of the quarter-final ta
ble tennis matches will be due in
the intramural office Monday, ac
cording .to Elwyn Bugge, intra
mural director.
Results of the quarter-final ta
ble tennis matches will be due in
the intramural office Monday, ac
cording .to Elwyn Bugge, intra
mural director.
Results of the quarter-final ta
ble tennis matches will be due in
the intramural office Monday, ac
cording .to Elwyn Bugge, intra
mural director.
Results of the quarter-final ta
ble tennis matches will be due in
the intramural office Monday, ac
cording .to Elwyn Bugge, intra
mural director.
Results of the quarter-final ta
ble tennis matches will be due in
the intramural office Monday, ac
cording .to Elwyn Bugge, intra
mural director.
Results of the quarter-final ta
ble tennis matches will be due in
the intramural office Monday, ac
cording .to Elwyn Bugge, intra
mural director.
Results of the quarter-final ta
ble tennis matches will be due in
the intramural office Monday, ac
cording .to Elwyn Bugge, intra
mural director.
Results of the quarter-final ta
ble tennis matches will be due in
the intramural office Monday, ac
cording .to Elwyn Bugge, intra
mural director.
Results of the quarter-final ta
ble tennis matches will be due in
the intramural office Monday, ac
cording .to Elwyn Bugge, intra
mural director.
Results of the quarter-final ta
ble tennis matches will be due in
the intramural office Monday, ac
cording .to Elwyn Bugge, intra
mural director.
Results of the quarter-final ta
ble tennis matches will be due in
the intramural office Monday, ac
cording .to Elwyn Bugge, intra
mural director.
