# Los Arcos
## 
### 
Los Arcos announces the fol
lowing election results: Hal Han
son, president; Bill Clark, vice
president and social chairman;
Tom Hakala, secretary; Stan Gil
bert, treasurer; and Ron Clift,
rushing chairman.
Los Arcos announces the fol
lowing election results: Hal Han
son, president; Bill Clark, vice
president and social chairman;
Tom Hakala, secretary; Stan Gil
bert, treasurer; and Ron Clift,
rushing chairman.
Los Arcos announces the fol
lowing election results: Hal Han
son, president; Bill Clark, vice
president and social chairman;
Tom Hakala, secretary; Stan Gil
bert, treasurer; and Ron Clift,
rushing chairman.
Los Arcos announces the fol
lowing election results: Hal Han
son, president; Bill Clark, vice
president and social chairman;
Tom Hakala, secretary; Stan Gil
bert, treasurer; and Ron Clift,
rushing chairman.
Los Arcos announces the fol
lowing election results: Hal Han
son, president; Bill Clark, vice
president and social chairman;
Tom Hakala, secretary; Stan Gil
bert, treasurer; and Ron Clift,
rushing chairman.
Los Arcos announces the fol
lowing election results: Hal Han
son, president; Bill Clark, vice
president and social chairman;
Tom Hakala, secretary; Stan Gil
bert, treasurer; and Ron Clift,
rushing chairman.
Los Arcos announces the fol
lowing election results: Hal Han
son, president; Bill Clark, vice
president and social chairman;
Tom Hakala, secretary; Stan Gil
bert, treasurer; and Ron Clift,
rushing chairman.
Los Arcos announces the fol
lowing election results: Hal Han
son, president; Bill Clark, vice
president and social chairman;
Tom Hakala, secretary; Stan Gil
bert, treasurer; and Ron Clift,
rushing chairman.
Los Arcos announces the fol
lowing election results: Hal Han
son, president; Bill Clark, vice
president and social chairman;
Tom Hakala, secretary; Stan Gil
bert, treasurer; and Ron Clift,
rushing chairman.
Los Arcos announces the fol
lowing election results: Hal Han
son, president; Bill Clark, vice
president and social chairman;
Tom Hakala, secretary; Stan Gil
bert, treasurer; and Ron Clift,
rushing chairman.
Los Arcos announces the fol
lowing election results: Hal Han
son, president; Bill Clark, vice
president and social chairman;
Tom Hakala, secretary; Stan Gil
bert, treasurer; and Ron Clift,
rushing chairman.
Los Arcos announces the fol
lowing election results: Hal Han
son, president; Bill Clark, vice
president and social chairman;
Tom Hakala, secretary; Stan Gil
bert, treasurer; and Ron Clift,
rushing chairman.
Los Arcos announces the fol
lowing election results: Hal Han
son, president; Bill Clark, vice
president and social chairman;
Tom Hakala, secretary; Stan Gil
bert, treasurer; and Ron Clift,
rushing chairman.
Los Arcos announces the fol
lowing election results: Hal Han
son, president; Bill Clark, vice
president and social chairman;
Tom Hakala, secretary; Stan Gil
bert, treasurer; and Ron Clift,
rushing chairman.
Los Arcos announces the fol
lowing election results: Hal Han
son, president; Bill Clark, vice
president and social chairman;
Tom Hakala, secretary; Stan Gil
bert, treasurer; and Ron Clift,
rushing chairman.
