# Untitled Article
## 
### 
University of California juniors are
beginning active preparation for their
Junior Day exercises, which will be
held November 25th.
University of California juniors are
beginning active preparation for their
Junior Day exercises, which will be
held November 25th.
University of California juniors are
beginning active preparation for their
Junior Day exercises, which will be
held November 25th.
University of California juniors are
beginning active preparation for their
Junior Day exercises, which will be
held November 25th.
University of California juniors are
beginning active preparation for their
Junior Day exercises, which will be
held November 25th.
University of California juniors are
beginning active preparation for their
Junior Day exercises, which will be
held November 25th.
University of California juniors are
beginning active preparation for their
Junior Day exercises, which will be
held November 25th.
University of California juniors are
beginning active preparation for their
Junior Day exercises, which will be
held November 25th.
University of California juniors are
beginning active preparation for their
Junior Day exercises, which will be
held November 25th.
University of California juniors are
beginning active preparation for their
Junior Day exercises, which will be
held November 25th.
University of California juniors are
beginning active preparation for their
Junior Day exercises, which will be
held November 25th.
