# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Whether you play golf or
not, shoot a par in a new
Phelps-Terkel
Polo Shirt
$1.00 up
PHELPS
TERKEL,
219 University Ave.
Whether you play golf or
not, shoot a par in a new
Phelps-Terkel
Polo Shirt
$1.00 up
PHELPS
TERKEL,
219 University Ave.
Whether you play golf or
not, shoot a par in a new
Phelps-Terkel
Polo Shirt
$1.00 up
PHELPS
TERKEL,
219 University Ave.
Whether you play golf or
not, shoot a par in a new
Phelps-Terkel
Polo Shirt
$1.00 up
PHELPS
TERKEL,
219 University Ave.
Whether you play golf or
not, shoot a par in a new
Phelps-Terkel
Polo Shirt
$1.00 up
PHELPS
TERKEL,
219 University Ave.
Whether you play golf or
not, shoot a par in a new
Phelps-Terkel
Polo Shirt
$1.00 up
PHELPS
TERKEL,
219 University Ave.
Whether you play golf or
not, shoot a par in a new
Phelps-Terkel
Polo Shirt
$1.00 up
PHELPS
TERKEL,
219 University Ave.
Whether you play golf or
not, shoot a par in a new
Phelps-Terkel
Polo Shirt
$1.00 up
PHELPS
TERKEL,
219 University Ave.
Whether you play golf or
not, shoot a par in a new
Phelps-Terkel
Polo Shirt
$1.00 up
PHELPS
TERKEL,
219 University Ave.
Whether you play golf or
not, shoot a par in a new
Phelps-Terkel
Polo Shirt
$1.00 up
PHELPS
TERKEL,
219 University Ave.
Whether you play golf or
not, shoot a par in a new
Phelps-Terkel
Polo Shirt
$1.00 up
PHELPS
TERKEL,
219 University Ave.
Whether you play golf or
not, shoot a par in a new
Phelps-Terkel
Polo Shirt
$1.00 up
PHELPS
TERKEL,
219 University Ave.
Whether you play golf or
not, shoot a par in a new
Phelps-Terkel
Polo Shirt
$1.00 up
PHELPS
TERKEL,
219 University Ave.
Whether you play golf or
not, shoot a par in a new
Phelps-Terkel
Polo Shirt
$1.00 up
PHELPS
TERKEL,
219 University Ave.
Whether you play golf or
not, shoot a par in a new
Phelps-Terkel
Polo Shirt
$1.00 up
PHELPS
TERKEL,
219 University Ave.
