# OUST POWER TRUSTS?
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Feb. 6 (/P) — The
abolition by l'J4O of all public util
ity holding companies, favorite tool
for the building of giant power com
binations, was proposed today in
bilii. put forward with the Adminis
tration's blessing.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 6 (/P) — The
abolition by l'J4O of all public util
ity holding companies, favorite tool
for the building of giant power com
binations, was proposed today in
bilii. put forward with the Adminis
tration's blessing.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 6 (/P) — The
abolition by l'J4O of all public util
ity holding companies, favorite tool
for the building of giant power com
binations, was proposed today in
bilii. put forward with the Adminis
tration's blessing.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 6 (/P) — The
abolition by l'J4O of all public util
ity holding companies, favorite tool
for the building of giant power com
binations, was proposed today in
bilii. put forward with the Adminis
tration's blessing.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 6 (/P) — The
abolition by l'J4O of all public util
ity holding companies, favorite tool
for the building of giant power com
binations, was proposed today in
bilii. put forward with the Adminis
tration's blessing.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 6 (/P) — The
abolition by l'J4O of all public util
ity holding companies, favorite tool
for the building of giant power com
binations, was proposed today in
bilii. put forward with the Adminis
tration's blessing.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 6 (/P) — The
abolition by l'J4O of all public util
ity holding companies, favorite tool
for the building of giant power com
binations, was proposed today in
bilii. put forward with the Adminis
tration's blessing.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 6 (/P) — The
abolition by l'J4O of all public util
ity holding companies, favorite tool
for the building of giant power com
binations, was proposed today in
bilii. put forward with the Adminis
tration's blessing.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 6 (/P) — The
abolition by l'J4O of all public util
ity holding companies, favorite tool
for the building of giant power com
binations, was proposed today in
bilii. put forward with the Adminis
tration's blessing.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 6 (/P) — The
abolition by l'J4O of all public util
ity holding companies, favorite tool
for the building of giant power com
binations, was proposed today in
bilii. put forward with the Adminis
tration's blessing.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 6 (/P) — The
abolition by l'J4O of all public util
ity holding companies, favorite tool
for the building of giant power com
binations, was proposed today in
bilii. put forward with the Adminis
tration's blessing.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 6 (/P) — The
abolition by l'J4O of all public util
ity holding companies, favorite tool
for the building of giant power com
binations, was proposed today in
bilii. put forward with the Adminis
tration's blessing.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 6 (/P) — The
abolition by l'J4O of all public util
ity holding companies, favorite tool
for the building of giant power com
binations, was proposed today in
bilii. put forward with the Adminis
tration's blessing.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 6 (/P) — The
abolition by l'J4O of all public util
ity holding companies, favorite tool
for the building of giant power com
binations, was proposed today in
bilii. put forward with the Adminis
tration's blessing.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 6 (/P) — The
abolition by l'J4O of all public util
ity holding companies, favorite tool
for the building of giant power com
binations, was proposed today in
bilii. put forward with the Adminis
tration's blessing.
