# Piano, Violin Heard Feb. 14
## 
### 
The greatest figure among modern
composers, Igor Stravinsky, and an
eminent American composer-violin
ist, Samuel 'Dushkin, will appear in
a joint program at the Stanford Pa
vilion Thursday evening, February
14, at 8:20 o'clock.
Although these two renowned
musicians are appearing together
before American audiences for the
first time, they are well-known as
joint recitalists in Europe. They
have been close collaborators for
the past five years, an association
which has proven rich in musical
value.
Dushkin has played in leading
European cities with well-known
symphony orchestras. In this coun
try he has worked with the Boston
Symphony Orchestra, the Philadel
phia Orchestra, and the St. Louis
Orchestra.
Since his American debut in 1924,
Dushkin has established himself as
one of the great violinists of the
generation, and he i.s recognized as
the most conspicuous interpreter of
Stravinsky's works.
Tickets for the concert are $2,
$1.50, and $1, and may be secured
at the Concert Series' office in the
Old Union.
