# MELLON'S SON DECIDES ON MARRIAGE
## 
### 


Paul Mellon, 27, son of former Secretary of the Treasury Andrew
Mellon, and his bride, the.former Mrs. Mary Conover Brown, who left
for a wedding trip to Europe after their marriage in New York. (Asso
ciated Press Photos)


Paul Mellon, 27, son of former Secretary of the Treasury Andrew
Mellon, and his bride, the.former Mrs. Mary Conover Brown, who left
for a wedding trip to Europe after their marriage in New York. (Asso
ciated Press Photos)


Paul Mellon, 27, son of former Secretary of the Treasury Andrew
Mellon, and his bride, the.former Mrs. Mary Conover Brown, who left
for a wedding trip to Europe after their marriage in New York. (Asso
ciated Press Photos)


Paul Mellon, 27, son of former Secretary of the Treasury Andrew
Mellon, and his bride, the.former Mrs. Mary Conover Brown, who left
for a wedding trip to Europe after their marriage in New York. (Asso
ciated Press Photos)


Paul Mellon, 27, son of former Secretary of the Treasury Andrew
Mellon, and his bride, the.former Mrs. Mary Conover Brown, who left
for a wedding trip to Europe after their marriage in New York. (Asso
ciated Press Photos)


Paul Mellon, 27, son of former Secretary of the Treasury Andrew
Mellon, and his bride, the.former Mrs. Mary Conover Brown, who left
for a wedding trip to Europe after their marriage in New York. (Asso
ciated Press Photos)


Paul Mellon, 27, son of former Secretary of the Treasury Andrew
Mellon, and his bride, the.former Mrs. Mary Conover Brown, who left
for a wedding trip to Europe after their marriage in New York. (Asso
ciated Press Photos)


Paul Mellon, 27, son of former Secretary of the Treasury Andrew
Mellon, and his bride, the.former Mrs. Mary Conover Brown, who left
for a wedding trip to Europe after their marriage in New York. (Asso
ciated Press Photos)


Paul Mellon, 27, son of former Secretary of the Treasury Andrew
Mellon, and his bride, the.former Mrs. Mary Conover Brown, who left
for a wedding trip to Europe after their marriage in New York. (Asso
ciated Press Photos)


Paul Mellon, 27, son of former Secretary of the Treasury Andrew
Mellon, and his bride, the.former Mrs. Mary Conover Brown, who left
for a wedding trip to Europe after their marriage in New York. (Asso
ciated Press Photos)


Paul Mellon, 27, son of former Secretary of the Treasury Andrew
Mellon, and his bride, the.former Mrs. Mary Conover Brown, who left
for a wedding trip to Europe after their marriage in New York. (Asso
ciated Press Photos)


Paul Mellon, 27, son of former Secretary of the Treasury Andrew
Mellon, and his bride, the.former Mrs. Mary Conover Brown, who left
for a wedding trip to Europe after their marriage in New York. (Asso
ciated Press Photos)


Paul Mellon, 27, son of former Secretary of the Treasury Andrew
Mellon, and his bride, the.former Mrs. Mary Conover Brown, who left
for a wedding trip to Europe after their marriage in New York. (Asso
ciated Press Photos)


Paul Mellon, 27, son of former Secretary of the Treasury Andrew
Mellon, and his bride, the.former Mrs. Mary Conover Brown, who left
for a wedding trip to Europe after their marriage in New York. (Asso
ciated Press Photos)


Paul Mellon, 27, son of former Secretary of the Treasury Andrew
Mellon, and his bride, the.former Mrs. Mary Conover Brown, who left
for a wedding trip to Europe after their marriage in New York. (Asso
ciated Press Photos)
