# Correction
## 
### 
In yesterday's page 5 story
about Stanford students and
computers, the headline,
"Survey indicates students re
luctant to use computers" and
the sentence "Mullins' attitude
toward computers is typical of
most students here," imply the
opposite of the point of the
story. In fact, students re
ported nearly unanimously
that they felt it was necessary to
learn to use computers, as the
rest of the story explained.
In Tuesday's Daily, the head
line on page 6 that read "Major
ity favors electronic paper,"
was also incorrect, since actu
ally 51 percent of the students
polled reported that they pre
ferred newspapers.
The Daily regrets these er
rors.
