# Captain Parker Changes Hours Of Rifle Practice
## 
### 
The time set for use of the rifle gal
lery has been changed, according to
an announcement by Captain Parker
today. The gallery will be open for
Irt-actice in the evening from 5 to 8
p.m., instead of in the morning and
afternoon.
The time set for use of the rifle gal
lery has been changed, according to
an announcement by Captain Parker
today. The gallery will be open for
Irt-actice in the evening from 5 to 8
p.m., instead of in the morning and
afternoon.
The time set for use of the rifle gal
lery has been changed, according to
an announcement by Captain Parker
today. The gallery will be open for
Irt-actice in the evening from 5 to 8
p.m., instead of in the morning and
afternoon.
The time set for use of the rifle gal
lery has been changed, according to
an announcement by Captain Parker
today. The gallery will be open for
Irt-actice in the evening from 5 to 8
p.m., instead of in the morning and
afternoon.
The time set for use of the rifle gal
lery has been changed, according to
an announcement by Captain Parker
today. The gallery will be open for
Irt-actice in the evening from 5 to 8
p.m., instead of in the morning and
afternoon.
The time set for use of the rifle gal
lery has been changed, according to
an announcement by Captain Parker
today. The gallery will be open for
Irt-actice in the evening from 5 to 8
p.m., instead of in the morning and
afternoon.
The time set for use of the rifle gal
lery has been changed, according to
an announcement by Captain Parker
today. The gallery will be open for
Irt-actice in the evening from 5 to 8
p.m., instead of in the morning and
afternoon.
The time set for use of the rifle gal
lery has been changed, according to
an announcement by Captain Parker
today. The gallery will be open for
Irt-actice in the evening from 5 to 8
p.m., instead of in the morning and
afternoon.
The time set for use of the rifle gal
lery has been changed, according to
an announcement by Captain Parker
today. The gallery will be open for
Irt-actice in the evening from 5 to 8
p.m., instead of in the morning and
afternoon.
The time set for use of the rifle gal
lery has been changed, according to
an announcement by Captain Parker
today. The gallery will be open for
Irt-actice in the evening from 5 to 8
p.m., instead of in the morning and
afternoon.
The time set for use of the rifle gal
lery has been changed, according to
an announcement by Captain Parker
today. The gallery will be open for
Irt-actice in the evening from 5 to 8
p.m., instead of in the morning and
afternoon.
The time set for use of the rifle gal
lery has been changed, according to
an announcement by Captain Parker
today. The gallery will be open for
Irt-actice in the evening from 5 to 8
p.m., instead of in the morning and
afternoon.
