# PROFESSOR WILDMAN RETURNS FROM EAST
## 
### 
Professor M. S. Wildman returned
to the campus today after a stay of sev
eral weeks in the East. While in the
East, Professor Wildman attended the
meeting of the American Economic As
sociation in Chicago, the second Pan-
American Financial Conference in
Washington, and visited with his family
in Philadelphia.
Professor Wildman will resume his
unties as head of the Economic Depart
ment next quarter.
Professor M. S. Wildman returned
to the campus today after a stay of sev
eral weeks in the East. While in the
East, Professor Wildman attended the
meeting of the American Economic As
sociation in Chicago, the second Pan-
American Financial Conference in
Washington, and visited with his family
in Philadelphia.
Professor Wildman will resume his
unties as head of the Economic Depart
ment next quarter.
Professor M. S. Wildman returned
to the campus today after a stay of sev
eral weeks in the East. While in the
East, Professor Wildman attended the
meeting of the American Economic As
sociation in Chicago, the second Pan-
American Financial Conference in
Washington, and visited with his family
in Philadelphia.
Professor Wildman will resume his
unties as head of the Economic Depart
ment next quarter.
Professor M. S. Wildman returned
to the campus today after a stay of sev
eral weeks in the East. While in the
East, Professor Wildman attended the
meeting of the American Economic As
sociation in Chicago, the second Pan-
American Financial Conference in
Washington, and visited with his family
in Philadelphia.
Professor Wildman will resume his
unties as head of the Economic Depart
ment next quarter.
Professor M. S. Wildman returned
to the campus today after a stay of sev
eral weeks in the East. While in the
East, Professor Wildman attended the
meeting of the American Economic As
sociation in Chicago, the second Pan-
American Financial Conference in
Washington, and visited with his family
in Philadelphia.
Professor Wildman will resume his
unties as head of the Economic Depart
ment next quarter.
Professor M. S. Wildman returned
to the campus today after a stay of sev
eral weeks in the East. While in the
East, Professor Wildman attended the
meeting of the American Economic As
sociation in Chicago, the second Pan-
American Financial Conference in
Washington, and visited with his family
in Philadelphia.
Professor Wildman will resume his
unties as head of the Economic Depart
ment next quarter.
Professor M. S. Wildman returned
to the campus today after a stay of sev
eral weeks in the East. While in the
East, Professor Wildman attended the
meeting of the American Economic As
sociation in Chicago, the second Pan-
American Financial Conference in
Washington, and visited with his family
in Philadelphia.
Professor Wildman will resume his
unties as head of the Economic Depart
ment next quarter.
Professor M. S. Wildman returned
to the campus today after a stay of sev
eral weeks in the East. While in the
East, Professor Wildman attended the
meeting of the American Economic As
sociation in Chicago, the second Pan-
American Financial Conference in
Washington, and visited with his family
in Philadelphia.
Professor Wildman will resume his
unties as head of the Economic Depart
ment next quarter.
Professor M. S. Wildman returned
to the campus today after a stay of sev
eral weeks in the East. While in the
East, Professor Wildman attended the
meeting of the American Economic As
sociation in Chicago, the second Pan-
American Financial Conference in
Washington, and visited with his family
in Philadelphia.
Professor Wildman will resume his
unties as head of the Economic Depart
ment next quarter.
Professor M. S. Wildman returned
to the campus today after a stay of sev
eral weeks in the East. While in the
East, Professor Wildman attended the
meeting of the American Economic As
sociation in Chicago, the second Pan-
American Financial Conference in
Washington, and visited with his family
in Philadelphia.
Professor Wildman will resume his
unties as head of the Economic Depart
ment next quarter.
Professor M. S. Wildman returned
to the campus today after a stay of sev
eral weeks in the East. While in the
East, Professor Wildman attended the
meeting of the American Economic As
sociation in Chicago, the second Pan-
American Financial Conference in
Washington, and visited with his family
in Philadelphia.
Professor Wildman will resume his
unties as head of the Economic Depart
ment next quarter.
Professor M. S. Wildman returned
to the campus today after a stay of sev
eral weeks in the East. While in the
East, Professor Wildman attended the
meeting of the American Economic As
sociation in Chicago, the second Pan-
American Financial Conference in
Washington, and visited with his family
in Philadelphia.
Professor Wildman will resume his
unties as head of the Economic Depart
ment next quarter.
