# UNESCO Council Officials Named
## 
### 
Howie Lockwood, chairman of
the Stanford UNESCO Council, an
nounced the following appoint
ments to the council yesterday:
Co-chairman, Peggy Andrus; li
brarian, Lois Keister; education
chairman, John Sheahan; work
projects, travel chairman. Ruth
Kilpatrick; foreign student commit
tee, Dick Calligan and Doreen Foo;
publicity, Larry Zant; Stanford
plane project, Rose Schroeder and
Diane Worth.
Howie Lockwood, chairman of
the Stanford UNESCO Council, an
nounced the following appoint
ments to the council yesterday:
Co-chairman, Peggy Andrus; li
brarian, Lois Keister; education
chairman, John Sheahan; work
projects, travel chairman. Ruth
Kilpatrick; foreign student commit
tee, Dick Calligan and Doreen Foo;
publicity, Larry Zant; Stanford
plane project, Rose Schroeder and
Diane Worth.
Howie Lockwood, chairman of
the Stanford UNESCO Council, an
nounced the following appoint
ments to the council yesterday:
Co-chairman, Peggy Andrus; li
brarian, Lois Keister; education
chairman, John Sheahan; work
projects, travel chairman. Ruth
Kilpatrick; foreign student commit
tee, Dick Calligan and Doreen Foo;
publicity, Larry Zant; Stanford
plane project, Rose Schroeder and
Diane Worth.
Howie Lockwood, chairman of
the Stanford UNESCO Council, an
nounced the following appoint
ments to the council yesterday:
Co-chairman, Peggy Andrus; li
brarian, Lois Keister; education
chairman, John Sheahan; work
projects, travel chairman. Ruth
Kilpatrick; foreign student commit
tee, Dick Calligan and Doreen Foo;
publicity, Larry Zant; Stanford
plane project, Rose Schroeder and
Diane Worth.
Howie Lockwood, chairman of
the Stanford UNESCO Council, an
nounced the following appoint
ments to the council yesterday:
Co-chairman, Peggy Andrus; li
brarian, Lois Keister; education
chairman, John Sheahan; work
projects, travel chairman. Ruth
Kilpatrick; foreign student commit
tee, Dick Calligan and Doreen Foo;
publicity, Larry Zant; Stanford
plane project, Rose Schroeder and
Diane Worth.
Howie Lockwood, chairman of
the Stanford UNESCO Council, an
nounced the following appoint
ments to the council yesterday:
Co-chairman, Peggy Andrus; li
brarian, Lois Keister; education
chairman, John Sheahan; work
projects, travel chairman. Ruth
Kilpatrick; foreign student commit
tee, Dick Calligan and Doreen Foo;
publicity, Larry Zant; Stanford
plane project, Rose Schroeder and
Diane Worth.
Howie Lockwood, chairman of
the Stanford UNESCO Council, an
nounced the following appoint
ments to the council yesterday:
Co-chairman, Peggy Andrus; li
brarian, Lois Keister; education
chairman, John Sheahan; work
projects, travel chairman. Ruth
Kilpatrick; foreign student commit
tee, Dick Calligan and Doreen Foo;
publicity, Larry Zant; Stanford
plane project, Rose Schroeder and
Diane Worth.
Howie Lockwood, chairman of
the Stanford UNESCO Council, an
nounced the following appoint
ments to the council yesterday:
Co-chairman, Peggy Andrus; li
brarian, Lois Keister; education
chairman, John Sheahan; work
projects, travel chairman. Ruth
Kilpatrick; foreign student commit
tee, Dick Calligan and Doreen Foo;
publicity, Larry Zant; Stanford
plane project, Rose Schroeder and
Diane Worth.
Howie Lockwood, chairman of
the Stanford UNESCO Council, an
nounced the following appoint
ments to the council yesterday:
Co-chairman, Peggy Andrus; li
brarian, Lois Keister; education
chairman, John Sheahan; work
projects, travel chairman. Ruth
Kilpatrick; foreign student commit
tee, Dick Calligan and Doreen Foo;
publicity, Larry Zant; Stanford
plane project, Rose Schroeder and
Diane Worth.
Howie Lockwood, chairman of
the Stanford UNESCO Council, an
nounced the following appoint
ments to the council yesterday:
Co-chairman, Peggy Andrus; li
brarian, Lois Keister; education
chairman, John Sheahan; work
projects, travel chairman. Ruth
Kilpatrick; foreign student commit
tee, Dick Calligan and Doreen Foo;
publicity, Larry Zant; Stanford
plane project, Rose Schroeder and
Diane Worth.
Howie Lockwood, chairman of
the Stanford UNESCO Council, an
nounced the following appoint
ments to the council yesterday:
Co-chairman, Peggy Andrus; li
brarian, Lois Keister; education
chairman, John Sheahan; work
projects, travel chairman. Ruth
Kilpatrick; foreign student commit
tee, Dick Calligan and Doreen Foo;
publicity, Larry Zant; Stanford
plane project, Rose Schroeder and
Diane Worth.
Howie Lockwood, chairman of
the Stanford UNESCO Council, an
nounced the following appoint
ments to the council yesterday:
Co-chairman, Peggy Andrus; li
brarian, Lois Keister; education
chairman, John Sheahan; work
projects, travel chairman. Ruth
Kilpatrick; foreign student commit
tee, Dick Calligan and Doreen Foo;
publicity, Larry Zant; Stanford
plane project, Rose Schroeder and
Diane Worth.
Howie Lockwood, chairman of
the Stanford UNESCO Council, an
nounced the following appoint
ments to the council yesterday:
Co-chairman, Peggy Andrus; li
brarian, Lois Keister; education
chairman, John Sheahan; work
projects, travel chairman. Ruth
Kilpatrick; foreign student commit
tee, Dick Calligan and Doreen Foo;
publicity, Larry Zant; Stanford
plane project, Rose Schroeder and
Diane Worth.
Howie Lockwood, chairman of
the Stanford UNESCO Council, an
nounced the following appoint
ments to the council yesterday:
Co-chairman, Peggy Andrus; li
brarian, Lois Keister; education
chairman, John Sheahan; work
projects, travel chairman. Ruth
Kilpatrick; foreign student commit
tee, Dick Calligan and Doreen Foo;
publicity, Larry Zant; Stanford
plane project, Rose Schroeder and
Diane Worth.
Howie Lockwood, chairman of
the Stanford UNESCO Council, an
nounced the following appoint
ments to the council yesterday:
Co-chairman, Peggy Andrus; li
brarian, Lois Keister; education
chairman, John Sheahan; work
projects, travel chairman. Ruth
Kilpatrick; foreign student commit
tee, Dick Calligan and Doreen Foo;
publicity, Larry Zant; Stanford
plane project, Rose Schroeder and
Diane Worth.
