# Special Rates.
## 
### 
Tickets at special rales to Pacific
Grove and Santa Cruz will lie 011
sale from the 19th to the 26th, re
turning. January 9th, at the ticket
office in Palo Alto. Certificates
may he secured at the Registrar's
oftice.
Tickets at special rales to Pacific
Grove and Santa Cruz will lie 011
sale from the 19th to the 26th, re
turning. January 9th, at the ticket
office in Palo Alto. Certificates
may he secured at the Registrar's
oftice.
Tickets at special rales to Pacific
Grove and Santa Cruz will lie 011
sale from the 19th to the 26th, re
turning. January 9th, at the ticket
office in Palo Alto. Certificates
may he secured at the Registrar's
oftice.
Tickets at special rales to Pacific
Grove and Santa Cruz will lie 011
sale from the 19th to the 26th, re
turning. January 9th, at the ticket
office in Palo Alto. Certificates
may he secured at the Registrar's
oftice.
Tickets at special rales to Pacific
Grove and Santa Cruz will lie 011
sale from the 19th to the 26th, re
turning. January 9th, at the ticket
office in Palo Alto. Certificates
may he secured at the Registrar's
oftice.
Tickets at special rales to Pacific
Grove and Santa Cruz will lie 011
sale from the 19th to the 26th, re
turning. January 9th, at the ticket
office in Palo Alto. Certificates
may he secured at the Registrar's
oftice.
Tickets at special rales to Pacific
Grove and Santa Cruz will lie 011
sale from the 19th to the 26th, re
turning. January 9th, at the ticket
office in Palo Alto. Certificates
may he secured at the Registrar's
oftice.
Tickets at special rales to Pacific
Grove and Santa Cruz will lie 011
sale from the 19th to the 26th, re
turning. January 9th, at the ticket
office in Palo Alto. Certificates
may he secured at the Registrar's
oftice.
