# Untitled Article
## 
### 
When the next issue of this
paper appears, the men of the Var
sity will he speeding southward
toward Pasadena and a New Year's
tussle with Michigan. To say that
each of the nineteen players hears
with him the hope and confidence
of the twelve hundred whose proxy

lie in, in well nigh superfluous; the
student body and its athletic tennis
have never been lacking in co-oper
ation of spirit and endeavor. Into
this new contest, the outcome of
which is of tremendous importance,
the Cardinal fighters will go fully
conscious of the fact that in their
keeping is the athletic honor of the
West and of the college to which
they have sworn fealty. To you,
Captain lialph Fisher, and to your
fellows, the University entrusts her
fair fame: may you guard it so
zealously that when the struggle is
over there may be no breath of
recrimination to mar your home
coming.
