# Texas To Aid "Pet Projects'
## 
### Collegiate Press Service 
Undergraduate students in
four area-studies programs at
the University of Texas now
have a chance to finance a "pet
project"—if they can sell a pro
fessor on the idea.
For the first time this year
money is available to under
graduates in the four special
programs — International Stud
ies, Eastern European Studies,
Middle Eastern Studies and
Asian Studies—to support spe
cial projects that will contrib
ute "to their educational devel
opment or career objectives."
Eight to 10 awards of up to
$300 each are available to stu
dents of mid-junior standing
and above (70 semester hours'
credit) who need the money for
"some special and heretofore
unplanned activity," but not im
ply as "a contribution to cur
rent expenses."
Undergraduate students in
four area-studies programs at
the University of Texas now
have a chance to finance a "pet
project"—if they can sell a pro
fessor on the idea.
For the first time this year
money is available to under
graduates in the four special
programs — International Stud
ies, Eastern European Studies,
Middle Eastern Studies and
Asian Studies—to support spe
cial projects that will contrib
ute "to their educational devel
opment or career objectives."
Eight to 10 awards of up to
$300 each are available to stu
dents of mid-junior standing
and above (70 semester hours'
credit) who need the money for
"some special and heretofore
unplanned activity," but not im
ply as "a contribution to cur
rent expenses."
Undergraduate students in
four area-studies programs at
the University of Texas now
have a chance to finance a "pet
project"—if they can sell a pro
fessor on the idea.
For the first time this year
money is available to under
graduates in the four special
programs — International Stud
ies, Eastern European Studies,
Middle Eastern Studies and
Asian Studies—to support spe
cial projects that will contrib
ute "to their educational devel
opment or career objectives."
Eight to 10 awards of up to
$300 each are available to stu
dents of mid-junior standing
and above (70 semester hours'
credit) who need the money for
"some special and heretofore
unplanned activity," but not im
ply as "a contribution to cur
rent expenses."
Undergraduate students in
four area-studies programs at
the University of Texas now
have a chance to finance a "pet
project"—if they can sell a pro
fessor on the idea.
For the first time this year
money is available to under
graduates in the four special
programs — International Stud
ies, Eastern European Studies,
Middle Eastern Studies and
Asian Studies—to support spe
cial projects that will contrib
ute "to their educational devel
opment or career objectives."
Eight to 10 awards of up to
$300 each are available to stu
dents of mid-junior standing
and above (70 semester hours'
credit) who need the money for
"some special and heretofore
unplanned activity," but not im
ply as "a contribution to cur
rent expenses."
Undergraduate students in
four area-studies programs at
the University of Texas now
have a chance to finance a "pet
project"—if they can sell a pro
fessor on the idea.
For the first time this year
money is available to under
graduates in the four special
programs — International Stud
ies, Eastern European Studies,
Middle Eastern Studies and
Asian Studies—to support spe
cial projects that will contrib
ute "to their educational devel
opment or career objectives."
Eight to 10 awards of up to
$300 each are available to stu
dents of mid-junior standing
and above (70 semester hours'
credit) who need the money for
"some special and heretofore
unplanned activity," but not im
ply as "a contribution to cur
rent expenses."
Undergraduate students in
four area-studies programs at
the University of Texas now
have a chance to finance a "pet
project"—if they can sell a pro
fessor on the idea.
For the first time this year
money is available to under
graduates in the four special
programs — International Stud
ies, Eastern European Studies,
Middle Eastern Studies and
Asian Studies—to support spe
cial projects that will contrib
ute "to their educational devel
opment or career objectives."
Eight to 10 awards of up to
$300 each are available to stu
dents of mid-junior standing
and above (70 semester hours'
credit) who need the money for
"some special and heretofore
unplanned activity," but not im
ply as "a contribution to cur
rent expenses."
Undergraduate students in
four area-studies programs at
the University of Texas now
have a chance to finance a "pet
project"—if they can sell a pro
fessor on the idea.
For the first time this year
money is available to under
graduates in the four special
programs — International Stud
ies, Eastern European Studies,
Middle Eastern Studies and
Asian Studies—to support spe
cial projects that will contrib
ute "to their educational devel
opment or career objectives."
Eight to 10 awards of up to
$300 each are available to stu
dents of mid-junior standing
and above (70 semester hours'
credit) who need the money for
"some special and heretofore
unplanned activity," but not im
ply as "a contribution to cur
rent expenses."
Undergraduate students in
four area-studies programs at
the University of Texas now
have a chance to finance a "pet
project"—if they can sell a pro
fessor on the idea.
For the first time this year
money is available to under
graduates in the four special
programs — International Stud
ies, Eastern European Studies,
Middle Eastern Studies and
Asian Studies—to support spe
cial projects that will contrib
ute "to their educational devel
opment or career objectives."
Eight to 10 awards of up to
$300 each are available to stu
dents of mid-junior standing
and above (70 semester hours'
credit) who need the money for
"some special and heretofore
unplanned activity," but not im
ply as "a contribution to cur
rent expenses."
Undergraduate students in
four area-studies programs at
the University of Texas now
have a chance to finance a "pet
project"—if they can sell a pro
fessor on the idea.
For the first time this year
money is available to under
graduates in the four special
programs — International Stud
ies, Eastern European Studies,
Middle Eastern Studies and
Asian Studies—to support spe
cial projects that will contrib
ute "to their educational devel
opment or career objectives."
Eight to 10 awards of up to
$300 each are available to stu
dents of mid-junior standing
and above (70 semester hours'
credit) who need the money for
"some special and heretofore
unplanned activity," but not im
ply as "a contribution to cur
rent expenses."
Undergraduate students in
four area-studies programs at
the University of Texas now
have a chance to finance a "pet
project"—if they can sell a pro
fessor on the idea.
For the first time this year
money is available to under
graduates in the four special
programs — International Stud
ies, Eastern European Studies,
Middle Eastern Studies and
Asian Studies—to support spe
cial projects that will contrib
ute "to their educational devel
opment or career objectives."
Eight to 10 awards of up to
$300 each are available to stu
dents of mid-junior standing
and above (70 semester hours'
credit) who need the money for
"some special and heretofore
unplanned activity," but not im
ply as "a contribution to cur
rent expenses."
Undergraduate students in
four area-studies programs at
the University of Texas now
have a chance to finance a "pet
project"—if they can sell a pro
fessor on the idea.
For the first time this year
money is available to under
graduates in the four special
programs — International Stud
ies, Eastern European Studies,
Middle Eastern Studies and
Asian Studies—to support spe
cial projects that will contrib
ute "to their educational devel
opment or career objectives."
Eight to 10 awards of up to
$300 each are available to stu
dents of mid-junior standing
and above (70 semester hours'
credit) who need the money for
"some special and heretofore
unplanned activity," but not im
ply as "a contribution to cur
rent expenses."
Undergraduate students in
four area-studies programs at
the University of Texas now
have a chance to finance a "pet
project"—if they can sell a pro
fessor on the idea.
For the first time this year
money is available to under
graduates in the four special
programs — International Stud
ies, Eastern European Studies,
Middle Eastern Studies and
Asian Studies—to support spe
cial projects that will contrib
ute "to their educational devel
opment or career objectives."
Eight to 10 awards of up to
$300 each are available to stu
dents of mid-junior standing
and above (70 semester hours'
credit) who need the money for
"some special and heretofore
unplanned activity," but not im
ply as "a contribution to cur
rent expenses."
Undergraduate students in
four area-studies programs at
the University of Texas now
have a chance to finance a "pet
project"—if they can sell a pro
fessor on the idea.
For the first time this year
money is available to under
graduates in the four special
programs — International Stud
ies, Eastern European Studies,
Middle Eastern Studies and
Asian Studies—to support spe
cial projects that will contrib
ute "to their educational devel
opment or career objectives."
Eight to 10 awards of up to
$300 each are available to stu
dents of mid-junior standing
and above (70 semester hours'
credit) who need the money for
"some special and heretofore
unplanned activity," but not im
ply as "a contribution to cur
rent expenses."
Undergraduate students in
four area-studies programs at
the University of Texas now
have a chance to finance a "pet
project"—if they can sell a pro
fessor on the idea.
For the first time this year
money is available to under
graduates in the four special
programs — International Stud
ies, Eastern European Studies,
Middle Eastern Studies and
Asian Studies—to support spe
cial projects that will contrib
ute "to their educational devel
opment or career objectives."
Eight to 10 awards of up to
$300 each are available to stu
dents of mid-junior standing
and above (70 semester hours'
credit) who need the money for
"some special and heretofore
unplanned activity," but not im
ply as "a contribution to cur
rent expenses."
Undergraduate students in
four area-studies programs at
the University of Texas now
have a chance to finance a "pet
project"—if they can sell a pro
fessor on the idea.
For the first time this year
money is available to under
graduates in the four special
programs — International Stud
ies, Eastern European Studies,
Middle Eastern Studies and
Asian Studies—to support spe
cial projects that will contrib
ute "to their educational devel
opment or career objectives."
Eight to 10 awards of up to
$300 each are available to stu
dents of mid-junior standing
and above (70 semester hours'
credit) who need the money for
"some special and heretofore
unplanned activity," but not im
ply as "a contribution to cur
rent expenses."
