# Novelist To Talk On New Morality
## 
### 
Novelist and short story writer Her
bert Gold will lecture tonight o"n 'The
New Novel and the New Morality' in
conjunction with the Contemporary
Series at 7:30 p.m. in the Tresidder
Large Lounge.
The author, now living'in San Fran
cisco and devoting his time exclusive
ly to writing, reveals i"n his work 'the
involved voice of the novelist and the
precise analysis of the social critic.'
Gold was a writer for student pub
lications, both literary and humorous,
while he was at Columbia University.
Long associated with colleges and
universities, he has studied at Cornell
and the Sorbonne and has taught at
Brandeis, University of lowa, and
University of California.
Among the list of literary awards
he has received are the Ford Founda
tion Theater Fellowship and the O.
Henry Prize.
Novelist and short story writer Her
bert Gold will lecture tonight o"n 'The
New Novel and the New Morality' in
conjunction with the Contemporary
Series at 7:30 p.m. in the Tresidder
Large Lounge.
The author, now living'in San Fran
cisco and devoting his time exclusive
ly to writing, reveals i"n his work 'the
involved voice of the novelist and the
precise analysis of the social critic.'
Gold was a writer for student pub
lications, both literary and humorous,
while he was at Columbia University.
Long associated with colleges and
universities, he has studied at Cornell
and the Sorbonne and has taught at
Brandeis, University of lowa, and
University of California.
Among the list of literary awards
he has received are the Ford Founda
tion Theater Fellowship and the O.
Henry Prize.
Novelist and short story writer Her
bert Gold will lecture tonight o"n 'The
New Novel and the New Morality' in
conjunction with the Contemporary
Series at 7:30 p.m. in the Tresidder
Large Lounge.
The author, now living'in San Fran
cisco and devoting his time exclusive
ly to writing, reveals i"n his work 'the
involved voice of the novelist and the
precise analysis of the social critic.'
Gold was a writer for student pub
lications, both literary and humorous,
while he was at Columbia University.
Long associated with colleges and
universities, he has studied at Cornell
and the Sorbonne and has taught at
Brandeis, University of lowa, and
University of California.
Among the list of literary awards
he has received are the Ford Founda
tion Theater Fellowship and the O.
Henry Prize.
Novelist and short story writer Her
bert Gold will lecture tonight o"n 'The
New Novel and the New Morality' in
conjunction with the Contemporary
Series at 7:30 p.m. in the Tresidder
Large Lounge.
The author, now living'in San Fran
cisco and devoting his time exclusive
ly to writing, reveals i"n his work 'the
involved voice of the novelist and the
precise analysis of the social critic.'
Gold was a writer for student pub
lications, both literary and humorous,
while he was at Columbia University.
Long associated with colleges and
universities, he has studied at Cornell
and the Sorbonne and has taught at
Brandeis, University of lowa, and
University of California.
Among the list of literary awards
he has received are the Ford Founda
tion Theater Fellowship and the O.
Henry Prize.
Novelist and short story writer Her
bert Gold will lecture tonight o"n 'The
New Novel and the New Morality' in
conjunction with the Contemporary
Series at 7:30 p.m. in the Tresidder
Large Lounge.
The author, now living'in San Fran
cisco and devoting his time exclusive
ly to writing, reveals i"n his work 'the
involved voice of the novelist and the
precise analysis of the social critic.'
Gold was a writer for student pub
lications, both literary and humorous,
while he was at Columbia University.
Long associated with colleges and
universities, he has studied at Cornell
and the Sorbonne and has taught at
Brandeis, University of lowa, and
University of California.
Among the list of literary awards
he has received are the Ford Founda
tion Theater Fellowship and the O.
Henry Prize.
Novelist and short story writer Her
bert Gold will lecture tonight o"n 'The
New Novel and the New Morality' in
conjunction with the Contemporary
Series at 7:30 p.m. in the Tresidder
Large Lounge.
The author, now living'in San Fran
cisco and devoting his time exclusive
ly to writing, reveals i"n his work 'the
involved voice of the novelist and the
precise analysis of the social critic.'
Gold was a writer for student pub
lications, both literary and humorous,
while he was at Columbia University.
Long associated with colleges and
universities, he has studied at Cornell
and the Sorbonne and has taught at
Brandeis, University of lowa, and
University of California.
Among the list of literary awards
he has received are the Ford Founda
tion Theater Fellowship and the O.
Henry Prize.
Novelist and short story writer Her
bert Gold will lecture tonight o"n 'The
New Novel and the New Morality' in
conjunction with the Contemporary
Series at 7:30 p.m. in the Tresidder
Large Lounge.
The author, now living'in San Fran
cisco and devoting his time exclusive
ly to writing, reveals i"n his work 'the
involved voice of the novelist and the
precise analysis of the social critic.'
Gold was a writer for student pub
lications, both literary and humorous,
while he was at Columbia University.
Long associated with colleges and
universities, he has studied at Cornell
and the Sorbonne and has taught at
Brandeis, University of lowa, and
University of California.
Among the list of literary awards
he has received are the Ford Founda
tion Theater Fellowship and the O.
Henry Prize.
Novelist and short story writer Her
bert Gold will lecture tonight o"n 'The
New Novel and the New Morality' in
conjunction with the Contemporary
Series at 7:30 p.m. in the Tresidder
Large Lounge.
The author, now living'in San Fran
cisco and devoting his time exclusive
ly to writing, reveals i"n his work 'the
involved voice of the novelist and the
precise analysis of the social critic.'
Gold was a writer for student pub
lications, both literary and humorous,
while he was at Columbia University.
Long associated with colleges and
universities, he has studied at Cornell
and the Sorbonne and has taught at
Brandeis, University of lowa, and
University of California.
Among the list of literary awards
he has received are the Ford Founda
tion Theater Fellowship and the O.
Henry Prize.
Novelist and short story writer Her
bert Gold will lecture tonight o"n 'The
New Novel and the New Morality' in
conjunction with the Contemporary
Series at 7:30 p.m. in the Tresidder
Large Lounge.
The author, now living'in San Fran
cisco and devoting his time exclusive
ly to writing, reveals i"n his work 'the
involved voice of the novelist and the
precise analysis of the social critic.'
Gold was a writer for student pub
lications, both literary and humorous,
while he was at Columbia University.
Long associated with colleges and
universities, he has studied at Cornell
and the Sorbonne and has taught at
Brandeis, University of lowa, and
University of California.
Among the list of literary awards
he has received are the Ford Founda
tion Theater Fellowship and the O.
Henry Prize.
Novelist and short story writer Her
bert Gold will lecture tonight o"n 'The
New Novel and the New Morality' in
conjunction with the Contemporary
Series at 7:30 p.m. in the Tresidder
Large Lounge.
The author, now living'in San Fran
cisco and devoting his time exclusive
ly to writing, reveals i"n his work 'the
involved voice of the novelist and the
precise analysis of the social critic.'
Gold was a writer for student pub
lications, both literary and humorous,
while he was at Columbia University.
Long associated with colleges and
universities, he has studied at Cornell
and the Sorbonne and has taught at
Brandeis, University of lowa, and
University of California.
Among the list of literary awards
he has received are the Ford Founda
tion Theater Fellowship and the O.
Henry Prize.
Novelist and short story writer Her
bert Gold will lecture tonight o"n 'The
New Novel and the New Morality' in
conjunction with the Contemporary
Series at 7:30 p.m. in the Tresidder
Large Lounge.
The author, now living'in San Fran
cisco and devoting his time exclusive
ly to writing, reveals i"n his work 'the
involved voice of the novelist and the
precise analysis of the social critic.'
Gold was a writer for student pub
lications, both literary and humorous,
while he was at Columbia University.
Long associated with colleges and
universities, he has studied at Cornell
and the Sorbonne and has taught at
Brandeis, University of lowa, and
University of California.
Among the list of literary awards
he has received are the Ford Founda
tion Theater Fellowship and the O.
Henry Prize.
Novelist and short story writer Her
bert Gold will lecture tonight o"n 'The
New Novel and the New Morality' in
conjunction with the Contemporary
Series at 7:30 p.m. in the Tresidder
Large Lounge.
The author, now living'in San Fran
cisco and devoting his time exclusive
ly to writing, reveals i"n his work 'the
involved voice of the novelist and the
precise analysis of the social critic.'
Gold was a writer for student pub
lications, both literary and humorous,
while he was at Columbia University.
Long associated with colleges and
universities, he has studied at Cornell
and the Sorbonne and has taught at
Brandeis, University of lowa, and
University of California.
Among the list of literary awards
he has received are the Ford Founda
tion Theater Fellowship and the O.
Henry Prize.
Novelist and short story writer Her
bert Gold will lecture tonight o"n 'The
New Novel and the New Morality' in
conjunction with the Contemporary
Series at 7:30 p.m. in the Tresidder
Large Lounge.
The author, now living'in San Fran
cisco and devoting his time exclusive
ly to writing, reveals i"n his work 'the
involved voice of the novelist and the
precise analysis of the social critic.'
Gold was a writer for student pub
lications, both literary and humorous,
while he was at Columbia University.
Long associated with colleges and
universities, he has studied at Cornell
and the Sorbonne and has taught at
Brandeis, University of lowa, and
University of California.
Among the list of literary awards
he has received are the Ford Founda
tion Theater Fellowship and the O.
Henry Prize.
Novelist and short story writer Her
bert Gold will lecture tonight o"n 'The
New Novel and the New Morality' in
conjunction with the Contemporary
Series at 7:30 p.m. in the Tresidder
Large Lounge.
The author, now living'in San Fran
cisco and devoting his time exclusive
ly to writing, reveals i"n his work 'the
involved voice of the novelist and the
precise analysis of the social critic.'
Gold was a writer for student pub
lications, both literary and humorous,
while he was at Columbia University.
Long associated with colleges and
universities, he has studied at Cornell
and the Sorbonne and has taught at
Brandeis, University of lowa, and
University of California.
Among the list of literary awards
he has received are the Ford Founda
tion Theater Fellowship and the O.
Henry Prize.
Novelist and short story writer Her
bert Gold will lecture tonight o"n 'The
New Novel and the New Morality' in
conjunction with the Contemporary
Series at 7:30 p.m. in the Tresidder
Large Lounge.
The author, now living'in San Fran
cisco and devoting his time exclusive
ly to writing, reveals i"n his work 'the
involved voice of the novelist and the
precise analysis of the social critic.'
Gold was a writer for student pub
lications, both literary and humorous,
while he was at Columbia University.
Long associated with colleges and
universities, he has studied at Cornell
and the Sorbonne and has taught at
Brandeis, University of lowa, and
University of California.
Among the list of literary awards
he has received are the Ford Founda
tion Theater Fellowship and the O.
Henry Prize.
