# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Prior to 1658 when the present
spelling was adopted, coffee was
swelled "chaoua," "coffe," "couphe,"
"caphe," and "kauphy" in England.
Prior to 1658 when the present
spelling was adopted, coffee was
swelled "chaoua," "coffe," "couphe,"
"caphe," and "kauphy" in England.
Prior to 1658 when the present
spelling was adopted, coffee was
swelled "chaoua," "coffe," "couphe,"
"caphe," and "kauphy" in England.
Prior to 1658 when the present
spelling was adopted, coffee was
swelled "chaoua," "coffe," "couphe,"
"caphe," and "kauphy" in England.
Prior to 1658 when the present
spelling was adopted, coffee was
swelled "chaoua," "coffe," "couphe,"
"caphe," and "kauphy" in England.
Prior to 1658 when the present
spelling was adopted, coffee was
swelled "chaoua," "coffe," "couphe,"
"caphe," and "kauphy" in England.
Prior to 1658 when the present
spelling was adopted, coffee was
swelled "chaoua," "coffe," "couphe,"
"caphe," and "kauphy" in England.
Prior to 1658 when the present
spelling was adopted, coffee was
swelled "chaoua," "coffe," "couphe,"
"caphe," and "kauphy" in England.
Prior to 1658 when the present
spelling was adopted, coffee was
swelled "chaoua," "coffe," "couphe,"
"caphe," and "kauphy" in England.
Prior to 1658 when the present
spelling was adopted, coffee was
swelled "chaoua," "coffe," "couphe,"
"caphe," and "kauphy" in England.
Prior to 1658 when the present
spelling was adopted, coffee was
swelled "chaoua," "coffe," "couphe,"
"caphe," and "kauphy" in England.
Prior to 1658 when the present
spelling was adopted, coffee was
swelled "chaoua," "coffe," "couphe,"
"caphe," and "kauphy" in England.
Prior to 1658 when the present
spelling was adopted, coffee was
swelled "chaoua," "coffe," "couphe,"
"caphe," and "kauphy" in England.
Prior to 1658 when the present
spelling was adopted, coffee was
swelled "chaoua," "coffe," "couphe,"
"caphe," and "kauphy" in England.
Prior to 1658 when the present
spelling was adopted, coffee was
swelled "chaoua," "coffe," "couphe,"
"caphe," and "kauphy" in England.
Prior to 1658 when the present
spelling was adopted, coffee was
swelled "chaoua," "coffe," "couphe,"
"caphe," and "kauphy" in England.
Prior to 1658 when the present
spelling was adopted, coffee was
swelled "chaoua," "coffe," "couphe,"
"caphe," and "kauphy" in England.
