# Paly to Test Raid Siren January 27
## 
### 
To familiarize residents with its
sound, Palo Alto's air raid signal
will be sounded at noon on Wednes
day, Jan. 27. The test alarm will be
followed by the all-clear signal.
The air raid signal is character
ized by a fluctuating, or waver ing
tone sounded over a period of two
minutes. The all clear is a steady
blast covering two minutes.
To familiarize residents with its
sound, Palo Alto's air raid signal
will be sounded at noon on Wednes
day, Jan. 27. The test alarm will be
followed by the all-clear signal.
The air raid signal is character
ized by a fluctuating, or waver ing
tone sounded over a period of two
minutes. The all clear is a steady
blast covering two minutes.
To familiarize residents with its
sound, Palo Alto's air raid signal
will be sounded at noon on Wednes
day, Jan. 27. The test alarm will be
followed by the all-clear signal.
The air raid signal is character
ized by a fluctuating, or waver ing
tone sounded over a period of two
minutes. The all clear is a steady
blast covering two minutes.
To familiarize residents with its
sound, Palo Alto's air raid signal
will be sounded at noon on Wednes
day, Jan. 27. The test alarm will be
followed by the all-clear signal.
The air raid signal is character
ized by a fluctuating, or waver ing
tone sounded over a period of two
minutes. The all clear is a steady
blast covering two minutes.
To familiarize residents with its
sound, Palo Alto's air raid signal
will be sounded at noon on Wednes
day, Jan. 27. The test alarm will be
followed by the all-clear signal.
The air raid signal is character
ized by a fluctuating, or waver ing
tone sounded over a period of two
minutes. The all clear is a steady
blast covering two minutes.
To familiarize residents with its
sound, Palo Alto's air raid signal
will be sounded at noon on Wednes
day, Jan. 27. The test alarm will be
followed by the all-clear signal.
The air raid signal is character
ized by a fluctuating, or waver ing
tone sounded over a period of two
minutes. The all clear is a steady
blast covering two minutes.
To familiarize residents with its
sound, Palo Alto's air raid signal
will be sounded at noon on Wednes
day, Jan. 27. The test alarm will be
followed by the all-clear signal.
The air raid signal is character
ized by a fluctuating, or waver ing
tone sounded over a period of two
minutes. The all clear is a steady
blast covering two minutes.
To familiarize residents with its
sound, Palo Alto's air raid signal
will be sounded at noon on Wednes
day, Jan. 27. The test alarm will be
followed by the all-clear signal.
The air raid signal is character
ized by a fluctuating, or waver ing
tone sounded over a period of two
minutes. The all clear is a steady
blast covering two minutes.
To familiarize residents with its
sound, Palo Alto's air raid signal
will be sounded at noon on Wednes
day, Jan. 27. The test alarm will be
followed by the all-clear signal.
The air raid signal is character
ized by a fluctuating, or waver ing
tone sounded over a period of two
minutes. The all clear is a steady
blast covering two minutes.
To familiarize residents with its
sound, Palo Alto's air raid signal
will be sounded at noon on Wednes
day, Jan. 27. The test alarm will be
followed by the all-clear signal.
The air raid signal is character
ized by a fluctuating, or waver ing
tone sounded over a period of two
minutes. The all clear is a steady
blast covering two minutes.
To familiarize residents with its
sound, Palo Alto's air raid signal
will be sounded at noon on Wednes
day, Jan. 27. The test alarm will be
followed by the all-clear signal.
The air raid signal is character
ized by a fluctuating, or waver ing
tone sounded over a period of two
minutes. The all clear is a steady
blast covering two minutes.
To familiarize residents with its
sound, Palo Alto's air raid signal
will be sounded at noon on Wednes
day, Jan. 27. The test alarm will be
followed by the all-clear signal.
The air raid signal is character
ized by a fluctuating, or waver ing
tone sounded over a period of two
minutes. The all clear is a steady
blast covering two minutes.
To familiarize residents with its
sound, Palo Alto's air raid signal
will be sounded at noon on Wednes
day, Jan. 27. The test alarm will be
followed by the all-clear signal.
The air raid signal is character
ized by a fluctuating, or waver ing
tone sounded over a period of two
minutes. The all clear is a steady
blast covering two minutes.
To familiarize residents with its
sound, Palo Alto's air raid signal
will be sounded at noon on Wednes
day, Jan. 27. The test alarm will be
followed by the all-clear signal.
The air raid signal is character
ized by a fluctuating, or waver ing
tone sounded over a period of two
minutes. The all clear is a steady
blast covering two minutes.
To familiarize residents with its
sound, Palo Alto's air raid signal
will be sounded at noon on Wednes
day, Jan. 27. The test alarm will be
followed by the all-clear signal.
The air raid signal is character
ized by a fluctuating, or waver ing
tone sounded over a period of two
minutes. The all clear is a steady
blast covering two minutes.
To familiarize residents with its
sound, Palo Alto's air raid signal
will be sounded at noon on Wednes
day, Jan. 27. The test alarm will be
followed by the all-clear signal.
The air raid signal is character
ized by a fluctuating, or waver ing
tone sounded over a period of two
minutes. The all clear is a steady
blast covering two minutes.
To familiarize residents with its
sound, Palo Alto's air raid signal
will be sounded at noon on Wednes
day, Jan. 27. The test alarm will be
followed by the all-clear signal.
The air raid signal is character
ized by a fluctuating, or waver ing
tone sounded over a period of two
minutes. The all clear is a steady
blast covering two minutes.
