# Adv. 5 Page 1
## 
### 
The first world's
greatest- advertising
slogan (R/A aside)
is “I’d walk a mile
for a pair of Clark's
of England Desert
Boots.” Now, this
may not be the exact
way you’ve heard it
before (different
slogans for each
sector of the
country), but you’ll
be walkin' a long
way in desert boots
when you sec them.
12.95
roos/atkins
The first world's
greatest- advertising
slogan (R/A aside)
is “I’d walk a mile
for a pair of Clark's
of England Desert
Boots.” Now, this
may not be the exact
way you’ve heard it
before (different
slogans for each
sector of the
country), but you’ll
be walkin' a long
way in desert boots
when you sec them.
12.95
roos/atkins
The first world's
greatest- advertising
slogan (R/A aside)
is “I’d walk a mile
for a pair of Clark's
of England Desert
Boots.” Now, this
may not be the exact
way you’ve heard it
before (different
slogans for each
sector of the
country), but you’ll
be walkin' a long
way in desert boots
when you sec them.
12.95
roos/atkins
The first world's
greatest- advertising
slogan (R/A aside)
is “I’d walk a mile
for a pair of Clark's
of England Desert
Boots.” Now, this
may not be the exact
way you’ve heard it
before (different
slogans for each
sector of the
country), but you’ll
be walkin' a long
way in desert boots
when you sec them.
12.95
roos/atkins
The first world's
greatest- advertising
slogan (R/A aside)
is “I’d walk a mile
for a pair of Clark's
of England Desert
Boots.” Now, this
may not be the exact
way you’ve heard it
before (different
slogans for each
sector of the
country), but you’ll
be walkin' a long
way in desert boots
when you sec them.
12.95
roos/atkins
The first world's
greatest- advertising
slogan (R/A aside)
is “I’d walk a mile
for a pair of Clark's
of England Desert
Boots.” Now, this
may not be the exact
way you’ve heard it
before (different
slogans for each
sector of the
country), but you’ll
be walkin' a long
way in desert boots
when you sec them.
12.95
roos/atkins
The first world's
greatest- advertising
slogan (R/A aside)
is “I’d walk a mile
for a pair of Clark's
of England Desert
Boots.” Now, this
may not be the exact
way you’ve heard it
before (different
slogans for each
sector of the
country), but you’ll
be walkin' a long
way in desert boots
when you sec them.
12.95
roos/atkins
The first world's
greatest- advertising
slogan (R/A aside)
is “I’d walk a mile
for a pair of Clark's
of England Desert
Boots.” Now, this
may not be the exact
way you’ve heard it
before (different
slogans for each
sector of the
country), but you’ll
be walkin' a long
way in desert boots
when you sec them.
12.95
roos/atkins
The first world's
greatest- advertising
slogan (R/A aside)
is “I’d walk a mile
for a pair of Clark's
of England Desert
Boots.” Now, this
may not be the exact
way you’ve heard it
before (different
slogans for each
sector of the
country), but you’ll
be walkin' a long
way in desert boots
when you sec them.
12.95
roos/atkins
The first world's
greatest- advertising
slogan (R/A aside)
is “I’d walk a mile
for a pair of Clark's
of England Desert
Boots.” Now, this
may not be the exact
way you’ve heard it
before (different
slogans for each
sector of the
country), but you’ll
be walkin' a long
way in desert boots
when you sec them.
12.95
roos/atkins
The first world's
greatest- advertising
slogan (R/A aside)
is “I’d walk a mile
for a pair of Clark's
of England Desert
Boots.” Now, this
may not be the exact
way you’ve heard it
before (different
slogans for each
sector of the
country), but you’ll
be walkin' a long
way in desert boots
when you sec them.
12.95
roos/atkins
The first world's
greatest- advertising
slogan (R/A aside)
is “I’d walk a mile
for a pair of Clark's
of England Desert
Boots.” Now, this
may not be the exact
way you’ve heard it
before (different
slogans for each
sector of the
country), but you’ll
be walkin' a long
way in desert boots
when you sec them.
12.95
roos/atkins
The first world's
greatest- advertising
slogan (R/A aside)
is “I’d walk a mile
for a pair of Clark's
of England Desert
Boots.” Now, this
may not be the exact
way you’ve heard it
before (different
slogans for each
sector of the
country), but you’ll
be walkin' a long
way in desert boots
when you sec them.
12.95
roos/atkins
The first world's
greatest- advertising
slogan (R/A aside)
is “I’d walk a mile
for a pair of Clark's
of England Desert
Boots.” Now, this
may not be the exact
way you’ve heard it
before (different
slogans for each
sector of the
country), but you’ll
be walkin' a long
way in desert boots
when you sec them.
12.95
roos/atkins
The first world's
greatest- advertising
slogan (R/A aside)
is “I’d walk a mile
for a pair of Clark's
of England Desert
Boots.” Now, this
may not be the exact
way you’ve heard it
before (different
slogans for each
sector of the
country), but you’ll
be walkin' a long
way in desert boots
when you sec them.
12.95
roos/atkins
The first world's
greatest- advertising
slogan (R/A aside)
is “I’d walk a mile
for a pair of Clark's
of England Desert
Boots.” Now, this
may not be the exact
way you’ve heard it
before (different
slogans for each
sector of the
country), but you’ll
be walkin' a long
way in desert boots
when you sec them.
12.95
roos/atkins
The first world's
greatest- advertising
slogan (R/A aside)
is “I’d walk a mile
for a pair of Clark's
of England Desert
Boots.” Now, this
may not be the exact
way you’ve heard it
before (different
slogans for each
sector of the
country), but you’ll
be walkin' a long
way in desert boots
when you sec them.
12.95
roos/atkins
