# Beginning Folk Dance Class Starts Tonight
## 
### 
Folk dancing for beginners opens
a new three-months series tonight
from 8 to 10 in the social hall of
the Community Center, at the cor
ner of Melville and Middlefield
Road.
Two - steps and polkas will be
taught at the first meeting, with
some popular variations such as
Gypsy Wine and the Heel and Toe
Polka. Waltzes, schottisches, old
fashioned American, and European
dances of many kinds are included
in the course.
Folk dancing for beginners opens
a new three-months series tonight
from 8 to 10 in the social hall of
the Community Center, at the cor
ner of Melville and Middlefield
Road.
Two - steps and polkas will be
taught at the first meeting, with
some popular variations such as
Gypsy Wine and the Heel and Toe
Polka. Waltzes, schottisches, old
fashioned American, and European
dances of many kinds are included
in the course.
Folk dancing for beginners opens
a new three-months series tonight
from 8 to 10 in the social hall of
the Community Center, at the cor
ner of Melville and Middlefield
Road.
Two - steps and polkas will be
taught at the first meeting, with
some popular variations such as
Gypsy Wine and the Heel and Toe
Polka. Waltzes, schottisches, old
fashioned American, and European
dances of many kinds are included
in the course.
Folk dancing for beginners opens
a new three-months series tonight
from 8 to 10 in the social hall of
the Community Center, at the cor
ner of Melville and Middlefield
Road.
Two - steps and polkas will be
taught at the first meeting, with
some popular variations such as
Gypsy Wine and the Heel and Toe
Polka. Waltzes, schottisches, old
fashioned American, and European
dances of many kinds are included
in the course.
Folk dancing for beginners opens
a new three-months series tonight
from 8 to 10 in the social hall of
the Community Center, at the cor
ner of Melville and Middlefield
Road.
Two - steps and polkas will be
taught at the first meeting, with
some popular variations such as
Gypsy Wine and the Heel and Toe
Polka. Waltzes, schottisches, old
fashioned American, and European
dances of many kinds are included
in the course.
Folk dancing for beginners opens
a new three-months series tonight
from 8 to 10 in the social hall of
the Community Center, at the cor
ner of Melville and Middlefield
Road.
Two - steps and polkas will be
taught at the first meeting, with
some popular variations such as
Gypsy Wine and the Heel and Toe
Polka. Waltzes, schottisches, old
fashioned American, and European
dances of many kinds are included
in the course.
Folk dancing for beginners opens
a new three-months series tonight
from 8 to 10 in the social hall of
the Community Center, at the cor
ner of Melville and Middlefield
Road.
Two - steps and polkas will be
taught at the first meeting, with
some popular variations such as
Gypsy Wine and the Heel and Toe
Polka. Waltzes, schottisches, old
fashioned American, and European
dances of many kinds are included
in the course.
Folk dancing for beginners opens
a new three-months series tonight
from 8 to 10 in the social hall of
the Community Center, at the cor
ner of Melville and Middlefield
Road.
Two - steps and polkas will be
taught at the first meeting, with
some popular variations such as
Gypsy Wine and the Heel and Toe
Polka. Waltzes, schottisches, old
fashioned American, and European
dances of many kinds are included
in the course.
Folk dancing for beginners opens
a new three-months series tonight
from 8 to 10 in the social hall of
the Community Center, at the cor
ner of Melville and Middlefield
Road.
Two - steps and polkas will be
taught at the first meeting, with
some popular variations such as
Gypsy Wine and the Heel and Toe
Polka. Waltzes, schottisches, old
fashioned American, and European
dances of many kinds are included
in the course.
Folk dancing for beginners opens
a new three-months series tonight
from 8 to 10 in the social hall of
the Community Center, at the cor
ner of Melville and Middlefield
Road.
Two - steps and polkas will be
taught at the first meeting, with
some popular variations such as
Gypsy Wine and the Heel and Toe
Polka. Waltzes, schottisches, old
fashioned American, and European
dances of many kinds are included
in the course.
Folk dancing for beginners opens
a new three-months series tonight
from 8 to 10 in the social hall of
the Community Center, at the cor
ner of Melville and Middlefield
Road.
Two - steps and polkas will be
taught at the first meeting, with
some popular variations such as
Gypsy Wine and the Heel and Toe
Polka. Waltzes, schottisches, old
fashioned American, and European
dances of many kinds are included
in the course.
Folk dancing for beginners opens
a new three-months series tonight
from 8 to 10 in the social hall of
the Community Center, at the cor
ner of Melville and Middlefield
Road.
Two - steps and polkas will be
taught at the first meeting, with
some popular variations such as
Gypsy Wine and the Heel and Toe
Polka. Waltzes, schottisches, old
fashioned American, and European
dances of many kinds are included
in the course.
Folk dancing for beginners opens
a new three-months series tonight
from 8 to 10 in the social hall of
the Community Center, at the cor
ner of Melville and Middlefield
Road.
Two - steps and polkas will be
taught at the first meeting, with
some popular variations such as
Gypsy Wine and the Heel and Toe
Polka. Waltzes, schottisches, old
fashioned American, and European
dances of many kinds are included
in the course.
Folk dancing for beginners opens
a new three-months series tonight
from 8 to 10 in the social hall of
the Community Center, at the cor
ner of Melville and Middlefield
Road.
Two - steps and polkas will be
taught at the first meeting, with
some popular variations such as
Gypsy Wine and the Heel and Toe
Polka. Waltzes, schottisches, old
fashioned American, and European
dances of many kinds are included
in the course.
Folk dancing for beginners opens
a new three-months series tonight
from 8 to 10 in the social hall of
the Community Center, at the cor
ner of Melville and Middlefield
Road.
Two - steps and polkas will be
taught at the first meeting, with
some popular variations such as
Gypsy Wine and the Heel and Toe
Polka. Waltzes, schottisches, old
fashioned American, and European
dances of many kinds are included
in the course.
