# BOXERS WILL COMPETE IN BOUTS TONIGHT
## 
### 
Ten boxing matches will be staged ii
the boxing room of the Encina Gym
nasium tonight at 8:00 o'clock. Th<
best men available in all the weight!
will be pitted against each other, and
from these contestants a boxing squa<

will he selected to meet the squad from
the University of California here on
March 11.
The men competing in tonight's battles
will he as follows: Heavyweights, Bas
com Cox vs. Benny Hake; light-heavy
weight s, Robert Papazian vs. H. Van
Clief; middle-weights, Mark Evans vs.
VV. S. Wassum; welterweights, Hugh
Stuart vs. Walter Bills; Joe Lewis vs.
John Lane; lightweights, Robert Spiers
vs. Gay Hensold, Jerry Hurley vs. Les
ter Sieb; featherweights, James Ross
and Frank Madden vs. Howard Brown;
bantamweights, L. W. Hodges vs. Geo.
Thompson.
