# IL DUCE PARADES MIGHT
## 
### 

BRITISH PRIME MINISTER Neville Chamberlain, Viscount Halifax, British foreign secretary, and Premier
Benito Mussolini review some of Italy's crack troops, following their two-flay conference on Europe's men
acing problems. (Photo sent by telephoto from Rome to London, radioed across the Atlantic and transmit
ted by Acme Telephoto)

BRITISH PRIME MINISTER Neville Chamberlain, Viscount Halifax, British foreign secretary, and Premier
Benito Mussolini review some of Italy's crack troops, following their two-flay conference on Europe's men
acing problems. (Photo sent by telephoto from Rome to London, radioed across the Atlantic and transmit
ted by Acme Telephoto)

BRITISH PRIME MINISTER Neville Chamberlain, Viscount Halifax, British foreign secretary, and Premier
Benito Mussolini review some of Italy's crack troops, following their two-flay conference on Europe's men
acing problems. (Photo sent by telephoto from Rome to London, radioed across the Atlantic and transmit
ted by Acme Telephoto)

BRITISH PRIME MINISTER Neville Chamberlain, Viscount Halifax, British foreign secretary, and Premier
Benito Mussolini review some of Italy's crack troops, following their two-flay conference on Europe's men
acing problems. (Photo sent by telephoto from Rome to London, radioed across the Atlantic and transmit
ted by Acme Telephoto)

BRITISH PRIME MINISTER Neville Chamberlain, Viscount Halifax, British foreign secretary, and Premier
Benito Mussolini review some of Italy's crack troops, following their two-flay conference on Europe's men
acing problems. (Photo sent by telephoto from Rome to London, radioed across the Atlantic and transmit
ted by Acme Telephoto)

BRITISH PRIME MINISTER Neville Chamberlain, Viscount Halifax, British foreign secretary, and Premier
Benito Mussolini review some of Italy's crack troops, following their two-flay conference on Europe's men
acing problems. (Photo sent by telephoto from Rome to London, radioed across the Atlantic and transmit
ted by Acme Telephoto)

BRITISH PRIME MINISTER Neville Chamberlain, Viscount Halifax, British foreign secretary, and Premier
Benito Mussolini review some of Italy's crack troops, following their two-flay conference on Europe's men
acing problems. (Photo sent by telephoto from Rome to London, radioed across the Atlantic and transmit
ted by Acme Telephoto)

BRITISH PRIME MINISTER Neville Chamberlain, Viscount Halifax, British foreign secretary, and Premier
Benito Mussolini review some of Italy's crack troops, following their two-flay conference on Europe's men
acing problems. (Photo sent by telephoto from Rome to London, radioed across the Atlantic and transmit
ted by Acme Telephoto)

BRITISH PRIME MINISTER Neville Chamberlain, Viscount Halifax, British foreign secretary, and Premier
Benito Mussolini review some of Italy's crack troops, following their two-flay conference on Europe's men
acing problems. (Photo sent by telephoto from Rome to London, radioed across the Atlantic and transmit
ted by Acme Telephoto)

BRITISH PRIME MINISTER Neville Chamberlain, Viscount Halifax, British foreign secretary, and Premier
Benito Mussolini review some of Italy's crack troops, following their two-flay conference on Europe's men
acing problems. (Photo sent by telephoto from Rome to London, radioed across the Atlantic and transmit
ted by Acme Telephoto)

BRITISH PRIME MINISTER Neville Chamberlain, Viscount Halifax, British foreign secretary, and Premier
Benito Mussolini review some of Italy's crack troops, following their two-flay conference on Europe's men
acing problems. (Photo sent by telephoto from Rome to London, radioed across the Atlantic and transmit
ted by Acme Telephoto)

BRITISH PRIME MINISTER Neville Chamberlain, Viscount Halifax, British foreign secretary, and Premier
Benito Mussolini review some of Italy's crack troops, following their two-flay conference on Europe's men
acing problems. (Photo sent by telephoto from Rome to London, radioed across the Atlantic and transmit
ted by Acme Telephoto)

BRITISH PRIME MINISTER Neville Chamberlain, Viscount Halifax, British foreign secretary, and Premier
Benito Mussolini review some of Italy's crack troops, following their two-flay conference on Europe's men
acing problems. (Photo sent by telephoto from Rome to London, radioed across the Atlantic and transmit
ted by Acme Telephoto)

BRITISH PRIME MINISTER Neville Chamberlain, Viscount Halifax, British foreign secretary, and Premier
Benito Mussolini review some of Italy's crack troops, following their two-flay conference on Europe's men
acing problems. (Photo sent by telephoto from Rome to London, radioed across the Atlantic and transmit
ted by Acme Telephoto)

BRITISH PRIME MINISTER Neville Chamberlain, Viscount Halifax, British foreign secretary, and Premier
Benito Mussolini review some of Italy's crack troops, following their two-flay conference on Europe's men
acing problems. (Photo sent by telephoto from Rome to London, radioed across the Atlantic and transmit
ted by Acme Telephoto)

BRITISH PRIME MINISTER Neville Chamberlain, Viscount Halifax, British foreign secretary, and Premier
Benito Mussolini review some of Italy's crack troops, following their two-flay conference on Europe's men
acing problems. (Photo sent by telephoto from Rome to London, radioed across the Atlantic and transmit
ted by Acme Telephoto)
