# Adv. 8 Page 4
## 
### 
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
Fo' Apooinfrnerr
| P V 5512 509 Emerson ST. |
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
Fo' Apooinfrnerr
| P V 5512 509 Emerson ST. |
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
Fo' Apooinfrnerr
| P V 5512 509 Emerson ST. |
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
Fo' Apooinfrnerr
| P V 5512 509 Emerson ST. |
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
Fo' Apooinfrnerr
| P V 5512 509 Emerson ST. |
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
Fo' Apooinfrnerr
| P V 5512 509 Emerson ST. |
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
Fo' Apooinfrnerr
| P V 5512 509 Emerson ST. |
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
Fo' Apooinfrnerr
| P V 5512 509 Emerson ST. |
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
Fo' Apooinfrnerr
| P V 5512 509 Emerson ST. |
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
Fo' Apooinfrnerr
| P V 5512 509 Emerson ST. |
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
Fo' Apooinfrnerr
| P V 5512 509 Emerson ST. |
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
Fo' Apooinfrnerr
| P V 5512 509 Emerson ST. |
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
Fo' Apooinfrnerr
| P V 5512 509 Emerson ST. |
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
Fo' Apooinfrnerr
| P V 5512 509 Emerson ST. |
OF ALL KNOWLEDCE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
Fo' Apooinfrnerr
| P V 5512 509 Emerson ST. |
