# Vote Today for W.A.A. Officers
## 
### 
Today is the last day Stanford
women will have an opportunity to
vote for their officers in the W.A.A.,
according to Pat Cashel. president.
All Stanford women listed in the
bawl-out are eligible to vote from 9
a.m. to 5 p.m. in the Women's Gym
today.
Nominated by the W.A.A. board
for president are: Elizabeth Rucker,
Sylvia Lisberger, and Lorrain Stre
blow. Secretarial candidates are:
Ellen Davis, Pamela Strathairn, and
Kathrene Supple. Nominations for
treasurer include: Geraldine Jeffry,
Peggy Russell, and Clare Kester.
Janice Shaughnessy, Jane Pfyl, and
Magrery Troy were nominated for
senior representative; Inez Kerr, Ma
rion Carstarphen, Doris Butler, and
Norma Raymond, for junior repre
sentative; and Phyliss Leveen, Shir
ley Smith, Erlda Leaf, and Jean
Goodan for sophomore representa
tive. Rose Macartney and Betty
Thaxton are running for head of in
tramural*.
Today is the last day Stanford
women will have an opportunity to
vote for their officers in the W.A.A.,
according to Pat Cashel. president.
All Stanford women listed in the
bawl-out are eligible to vote from 9
a.m. to 5 p.m. in the Women's Gym
today.
Nominated by the W.A.A. board
for president are: Elizabeth Rucker,
Sylvia Lisberger, and Lorrain Stre
blow. Secretarial candidates are:
Ellen Davis, Pamela Strathairn, and
Kathrene Supple. Nominations for
treasurer include: Geraldine Jeffry,
Peggy Russell, and Clare Kester.
Janice Shaughnessy, Jane Pfyl, and
Magrery Troy were nominated for
senior representative; Inez Kerr, Ma
rion Carstarphen, Doris Butler, and
Norma Raymond, for junior repre
sentative; and Phyliss Leveen, Shir
ley Smith, Erlda Leaf, and Jean
Goodan for sophomore representa
tive. Rose Macartney and Betty
Thaxton are running for head of in
tramural*.
Today is the last day Stanford
women will have an opportunity to
vote for their officers in the W.A.A.,
according to Pat Cashel. president.
All Stanford women listed in the
bawl-out are eligible to vote from 9
a.m. to 5 p.m. in the Women's Gym
today.
Nominated by the W.A.A. board
for president are: Elizabeth Rucker,
Sylvia Lisberger, and Lorrain Stre
blow. Secretarial candidates are:
Ellen Davis, Pamela Strathairn, and
Kathrene Supple. Nominations for
treasurer include: Geraldine Jeffry,
Peggy Russell, and Clare Kester.
Janice Shaughnessy, Jane Pfyl, and
Magrery Troy were nominated for
senior representative; Inez Kerr, Ma
rion Carstarphen, Doris Butler, and
Norma Raymond, for junior repre
sentative; and Phyliss Leveen, Shir
ley Smith, Erlda Leaf, and Jean
Goodan for sophomore representa
tive. Rose Macartney and Betty
Thaxton are running for head of in
tramural*.
Today is the last day Stanford
women will have an opportunity to
vote for their officers in the W.A.A.,
according to Pat Cashel. president.
All Stanford women listed in the
bawl-out are eligible to vote from 9
a.m. to 5 p.m. in the Women's Gym
today.
Nominated by the W.A.A. board
for president are: Elizabeth Rucker,
Sylvia Lisberger, and Lorrain Stre
blow. Secretarial candidates are:
Ellen Davis, Pamela Strathairn, and
Kathrene Supple. Nominations for
treasurer include: Geraldine Jeffry,
Peggy Russell, and Clare Kester.
Janice Shaughnessy, Jane Pfyl, and
Magrery Troy were nominated for
senior representative; Inez Kerr, Ma
rion Carstarphen, Doris Butler, and
Norma Raymond, for junior repre
sentative; and Phyliss Leveen, Shir
ley Smith, Erlda Leaf, and Jean
Goodan for sophomore representa
tive. Rose Macartney and Betty
Thaxton are running for head of in
tramural*.
Today is the last day Stanford
women will have an opportunity to
vote for their officers in the W.A.A.,
according to Pat Cashel. president.
All Stanford women listed in the
bawl-out are eligible to vote from 9
a.m. to 5 p.m. in the Women's Gym
today.
Nominated by the W.A.A. board
for president are: Elizabeth Rucker,
Sylvia Lisberger, and Lorrain Stre
blow. Secretarial candidates are:
Ellen Davis, Pamela Strathairn, and
Kathrene Supple. Nominations for
treasurer include: Geraldine Jeffry,
Peggy Russell, and Clare Kester.
Janice Shaughnessy, Jane Pfyl, and
Magrery Troy were nominated for
senior representative; Inez Kerr, Ma
rion Carstarphen, Doris Butler, and
Norma Raymond, for junior repre
sentative; and Phyliss Leveen, Shir
ley Smith, Erlda Leaf, and Jean
Goodan for sophomore representa
tive. Rose Macartney and Betty
Thaxton are running for head of in
tramural*.
Today is the last day Stanford
women will have an opportunity to
vote for their officers in the W.A.A.,
according to Pat Cashel. president.
All Stanford women listed in the
bawl-out are eligible to vote from 9
a.m. to 5 p.m. in the Women's Gym
today.
Nominated by the W.A.A. board
for president are: Elizabeth Rucker,
Sylvia Lisberger, and Lorrain Stre
blow. Secretarial candidates are:
Ellen Davis, Pamela Strathairn, and
Kathrene Supple. Nominations for
treasurer include: Geraldine Jeffry,
Peggy Russell, and Clare Kester.
Janice Shaughnessy, Jane Pfyl, and
Magrery Troy were nominated for
senior representative; Inez Kerr, Ma
rion Carstarphen, Doris Butler, and
Norma Raymond, for junior repre
sentative; and Phyliss Leveen, Shir
ley Smith, Erlda Leaf, and Jean
Goodan for sophomore representa
tive. Rose Macartney and Betty
Thaxton are running for head of in
tramural*.
Today is the last day Stanford
women will have an opportunity to
vote for their officers in the W.A.A.,
according to Pat Cashel. president.
All Stanford women listed in the
bawl-out are eligible to vote from 9
a.m. to 5 p.m. in the Women's Gym
today.
Nominated by the W.A.A. board
for president are: Elizabeth Rucker,
Sylvia Lisberger, and Lorrain Stre
blow. Secretarial candidates are:
Ellen Davis, Pamela Strathairn, and
Kathrene Supple. Nominations for
treasurer include: Geraldine Jeffry,
Peggy Russell, and Clare Kester.
Janice Shaughnessy, Jane Pfyl, and
Magrery Troy were nominated for
senior representative; Inez Kerr, Ma
rion Carstarphen, Doris Butler, and
Norma Raymond, for junior repre
sentative; and Phyliss Leveen, Shir
ley Smith, Erlda Leaf, and Jean
Goodan for sophomore representa
tive. Rose Macartney and Betty
Thaxton are running for head of in
tramural*.
Today is the last day Stanford
women will have an opportunity to
vote for their officers in the W.A.A.,
according to Pat Cashel. president.
All Stanford women listed in the
bawl-out are eligible to vote from 9
a.m. to 5 p.m. in the Women's Gym
today.
Nominated by the W.A.A. board
for president are: Elizabeth Rucker,
Sylvia Lisberger, and Lorrain Stre
blow. Secretarial candidates are:
Ellen Davis, Pamela Strathairn, and
Kathrene Supple. Nominations for
treasurer include: Geraldine Jeffry,
Peggy Russell, and Clare Kester.
Janice Shaughnessy, Jane Pfyl, and
Magrery Troy were nominated for
senior representative; Inez Kerr, Ma
rion Carstarphen, Doris Butler, and
Norma Raymond, for junior repre
sentative; and Phyliss Leveen, Shir
ley Smith, Erlda Leaf, and Jean
Goodan for sophomore representa
tive. Rose Macartney and Betty
Thaxton are running for head of in
tramural*.
Today is the last day Stanford
women will have an opportunity to
vote for their officers in the W.A.A.,
according to Pat Cashel. president.
All Stanford women listed in the
bawl-out are eligible to vote from 9
a.m. to 5 p.m. in the Women's Gym
today.
Nominated by the W.A.A. board
for president are: Elizabeth Rucker,
Sylvia Lisberger, and Lorrain Stre
blow. Secretarial candidates are:
Ellen Davis, Pamela Strathairn, and
Kathrene Supple. Nominations for
treasurer include: Geraldine Jeffry,
Peggy Russell, and Clare Kester.
Janice Shaughnessy, Jane Pfyl, and
Magrery Troy were nominated for
senior representative; Inez Kerr, Ma
rion Carstarphen, Doris Butler, and
Norma Raymond, for junior repre
sentative; and Phyliss Leveen, Shir
ley Smith, Erlda Leaf, and Jean
Goodan for sophomore representa
tive. Rose Macartney and Betty
Thaxton are running for head of in
tramural*.
Today is the last day Stanford
women will have an opportunity to
vote for their officers in the W.A.A.,
according to Pat Cashel. president.
All Stanford women listed in the
bawl-out are eligible to vote from 9
a.m. to 5 p.m. in the Women's Gym
today.
Nominated by the W.A.A. board
for president are: Elizabeth Rucker,
Sylvia Lisberger, and Lorrain Stre
blow. Secretarial candidates are:
Ellen Davis, Pamela Strathairn, and
Kathrene Supple. Nominations for
treasurer include: Geraldine Jeffry,
Peggy Russell, and Clare Kester.
Janice Shaughnessy, Jane Pfyl, and
Magrery Troy were nominated for
senior representative; Inez Kerr, Ma
rion Carstarphen, Doris Butler, and
Norma Raymond, for junior repre
sentative; and Phyliss Leveen, Shir
ley Smith, Erlda Leaf, and Jean
Goodan for sophomore representa
tive. Rose Macartney and Betty
Thaxton are running for head of in
tramural*.
Today is the last day Stanford
women will have an opportunity to
vote for their officers in the W.A.A.,
according to Pat Cashel. president.
All Stanford women listed in the
bawl-out are eligible to vote from 9
a.m. to 5 p.m. in the Women's Gym
today.
Nominated by the W.A.A. board
for president are: Elizabeth Rucker,
Sylvia Lisberger, and Lorrain Stre
blow. Secretarial candidates are:
Ellen Davis, Pamela Strathairn, and
Kathrene Supple. Nominations for
treasurer include: Geraldine Jeffry,
Peggy Russell, and Clare Kester.
Janice Shaughnessy, Jane Pfyl, and
Magrery Troy were nominated for
senior representative; Inez Kerr, Ma
rion Carstarphen, Doris Butler, and
Norma Raymond, for junior repre
sentative; and Phyliss Leveen, Shir
ley Smith, Erlda Leaf, and Jean
Goodan for sophomore representa
tive. Rose Macartney and Betty
Thaxton are running for head of in
tramural*.
Today is the last day Stanford
women will have an opportunity to
vote for their officers in the W.A.A.,
according to Pat Cashel. president.
All Stanford women listed in the
bawl-out are eligible to vote from 9
a.m. to 5 p.m. in the Women's Gym
today.
Nominated by the W.A.A. board
for president are: Elizabeth Rucker,
Sylvia Lisberger, and Lorrain Stre
blow. Secretarial candidates are:
Ellen Davis, Pamela Strathairn, and
Kathrene Supple. Nominations for
treasurer include: Geraldine Jeffry,
Peggy Russell, and Clare Kester.
Janice Shaughnessy, Jane Pfyl, and
Magrery Troy were nominated for
senior representative; Inez Kerr, Ma
rion Carstarphen, Doris Butler, and
Norma Raymond, for junior repre
sentative; and Phyliss Leveen, Shir
ley Smith, Erlda Leaf, and Jean
Goodan for sophomore representa
tive. Rose Macartney and Betty
Thaxton are running for head of in
tramural*.
Today is the last day Stanford
women will have an opportunity to
vote for their officers in the W.A.A.,
according to Pat Cashel. president.
All Stanford women listed in the
bawl-out are eligible to vote from 9
a.m. to 5 p.m. in the Women's Gym
today.
Nominated by the W.A.A. board
for president are: Elizabeth Rucker,
Sylvia Lisberger, and Lorrain Stre
blow. Secretarial candidates are:
Ellen Davis, Pamela Strathairn, and
Kathrene Supple. Nominations for
treasurer include: Geraldine Jeffry,
Peggy Russell, and Clare Kester.
Janice Shaughnessy, Jane Pfyl, and
Magrery Troy were nominated for
senior representative; Inez Kerr, Ma
rion Carstarphen, Doris Butler, and
Norma Raymond, for junior repre
sentative; and Phyliss Leveen, Shir
ley Smith, Erlda Leaf, and Jean
Goodan for sophomore representa
tive. Rose Macartney and Betty
Thaxton are running for head of in
tramural*.
Today is the last day Stanford
women will have an opportunity to
vote for their officers in the W.A.A.,
according to Pat Cashel. president.
All Stanford women listed in the
bawl-out are eligible to vote from 9
a.m. to 5 p.m. in the Women's Gym
today.
Nominated by the W.A.A. board
for president are: Elizabeth Rucker,
Sylvia Lisberger, and Lorrain Stre
blow. Secretarial candidates are:
Ellen Davis, Pamela Strathairn, and
Kathrene Supple. Nominations for
treasurer include: Geraldine Jeffry,
Peggy Russell, and Clare Kester.
Janice Shaughnessy, Jane Pfyl, and
Magrery Troy were nominated for
senior representative; Inez Kerr, Ma
rion Carstarphen, Doris Butler, and
Norma Raymond, for junior repre
sentative; and Phyliss Leveen, Shir
ley Smith, Erlda Leaf, and Jean
Goodan for sophomore representa
tive. Rose Macartney and Betty
Thaxton are running for head of in
tramural*.
Today is the last day Stanford
women will have an opportunity to
vote for their officers in the W.A.A.,
according to Pat Cashel. president.
All Stanford women listed in the
bawl-out are eligible to vote from 9
a.m. to 5 p.m. in the Women's Gym
today.
Nominated by the W.A.A. board
for president are: Elizabeth Rucker,
Sylvia Lisberger, and Lorrain Stre
blow. Secretarial candidates are:
Ellen Davis, Pamela Strathairn, and
Kathrene Supple. Nominations for
treasurer include: Geraldine Jeffry,
Peggy Russell, and Clare Kester.
Janice Shaughnessy, Jane Pfyl, and
Magrery Troy were nominated for
senior representative; Inez Kerr, Ma
rion Carstarphen, Doris Butler, and
Norma Raymond, for junior repre
sentative; and Phyliss Leveen, Shir
ley Smith, Erlda Leaf, and Jean
Goodan for sophomore representa
tive. Rose Macartney and Betty
Thaxton are running for head of in
tramural*.
