# English Club.
## 
### 
The English Club of Stanford
will hold its inauguration meeting
on Thursday, October 1, at 4 p.m.
in room 21. The club will be
unique in that it will have no def
inite organization. It will be more
in the line of the unorganized
crystallization of English literary
interests in the University. There
will be no need of a secretary or
treasurer, and the formality of a
president will not be recognized.
Prof. Hudson will be in the chair
and act unofficially under the name
Â»>f chancellor. The object and idea
will be explained more fully by
Prof. Hudson on Thursday. An
nouncements of meetings will be
made through the Daily I'alo Ar/ro.
All who are interested in English
nre invited to attend the meetings,
which promise to be interesting in
a literary way.
The first meeting will be a mem
orial of the late Francis J. Childs
of Harvard. I'rof. Lathrop will
read a paper on "Personal rem
iniscences of Francis .). Childs,"'
and an outline of his work as a
scholar will be given by Prof.
Fliigel. Prof. Anderson will also
take part.
