# Nelson Eddy Concert Tickets Still on Sale
## 
### 
Tickets for the Nelson Eddy con
cert will continue to sell in front
of the Cellar this week. The booth
is open from 9 a.m. to 12 and from
1 to 5 every afternoon in the Con
cert Series office in the Nitery.
Prices are $3, $2. Ift, $1.80, and
$1.20 for this benefit concert on
Feb. 28.
Tickets for the Nelson Eddy con
cert will continue to sell in front
of the Cellar this week. The booth
is open from 9 a.m. to 12 and from
1 to 5 every afternoon in the Con
cert Series office in the Nitery.
Prices are $3, $2. Ift, $1.80, and
$1.20 for this benefit concert on
Feb. 28.
Tickets for the Nelson Eddy con
cert will continue to sell in front
of the Cellar this week. The booth
is open from 9 a.m. to 12 and from
1 to 5 every afternoon in the Con
cert Series office in the Nitery.
Prices are $3, $2. Ift, $1.80, and
$1.20 for this benefit concert on
Feb. 28.
Tickets for the Nelson Eddy con
cert will continue to sell in front
of the Cellar this week. The booth
is open from 9 a.m. to 12 and from
1 to 5 every afternoon in the Con
cert Series office in the Nitery.
Prices are $3, $2. Ift, $1.80, and
$1.20 for this benefit concert on
Feb. 28.
Tickets for the Nelson Eddy con
cert will continue to sell in front
of the Cellar this week. The booth
is open from 9 a.m. to 12 and from
1 to 5 every afternoon in the Con
cert Series office in the Nitery.
Prices are $3, $2. Ift, $1.80, and
$1.20 for this benefit concert on
Feb. 28.
Tickets for the Nelson Eddy con
cert will continue to sell in front
of the Cellar this week. The booth
is open from 9 a.m. to 12 and from
1 to 5 every afternoon in the Con
cert Series office in the Nitery.
Prices are $3, $2. Ift, $1.80, and
$1.20 for this benefit concert on
Feb. 28.
Tickets for the Nelson Eddy con
cert will continue to sell in front
of the Cellar this week. The booth
is open from 9 a.m. to 12 and from
1 to 5 every afternoon in the Con
cert Series office in the Nitery.
Prices are $3, $2. Ift, $1.80, and
$1.20 for this benefit concert on
Feb. 28.
Tickets for the Nelson Eddy con
cert will continue to sell in front
of the Cellar this week. The booth
is open from 9 a.m. to 12 and from
1 to 5 every afternoon in the Con
cert Series office in the Nitery.
Prices are $3, $2. Ift, $1.80, and
$1.20 for this benefit concert on
Feb. 28.
Tickets for the Nelson Eddy con
cert will continue to sell in front
of the Cellar this week. The booth
is open from 9 a.m. to 12 and from
1 to 5 every afternoon in the Con
cert Series office in the Nitery.
Prices are $3, $2. Ift, $1.80, and
$1.20 for this benefit concert on
Feb. 28.
Tickets for the Nelson Eddy con
cert will continue to sell in front
of the Cellar this week. The booth
is open from 9 a.m. to 12 and from
1 to 5 every afternoon in the Con
cert Series office in the Nitery.
Prices are $3, $2. Ift, $1.80, and
$1.20 for this benefit concert on
Feb. 28.
Tickets for the Nelson Eddy con
cert will continue to sell in front
of the Cellar this week. The booth
is open from 9 a.m. to 12 and from
1 to 5 every afternoon in the Con
cert Series office in the Nitery.
Prices are $3, $2. Ift, $1.80, and
$1.20 for this benefit concert on
Feb. 28.
Tickets for the Nelson Eddy con
cert will continue to sell in front
of the Cellar this week. The booth
is open from 9 a.m. to 12 and from
1 to 5 every afternoon in the Con
cert Series office in the Nitery.
Prices are $3, $2. Ift, $1.80, and
$1.20 for this benefit concert on
Feb. 28.
Tickets for the Nelson Eddy con
cert will continue to sell in front
of the Cellar this week. The booth
is open from 9 a.m. to 12 and from
1 to 5 every afternoon in the Con
cert Series office in the Nitery.
Prices are $3, $2. Ift, $1.80, and
$1.20 for this benefit concert on
Feb. 28.
Tickets for the Nelson Eddy con
cert will continue to sell in front
of the Cellar this week. The booth
is open from 9 a.m. to 12 and from
1 to 5 every afternoon in the Con
cert Series office in the Nitery.
Prices are $3, $2. Ift, $1.80, and
$1.20 for this benefit concert on
Feb. 28.
Tickets for the Nelson Eddy con
cert will continue to sell in front
of the Cellar this week. The booth
is open from 9 a.m. to 12 and from
1 to 5 every afternoon in the Con
cert Series office in the Nitery.
Prices are $3, $2. Ift, $1.80, and
$1.20 for this benefit concert on
Feb. 28.
