# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Casa Espanola announces the en
gagement of Lois Andrews, '52, to
Dean O. Claussen, a Beta at Whit
man, '50.
Casa Espanola announces the en
gagement of Lois Andrews, '52, to
Dean O. Claussen, a Beta at Whit
man, '50.
Casa Espanola announces the en
gagement of Lois Andrews, '52, to
Dean O. Claussen, a Beta at Whit
man, '50.
Casa Espanola announces the en
gagement of Lois Andrews, '52, to
Dean O. Claussen, a Beta at Whit
man, '50.
Casa Espanola announces the en
gagement of Lois Andrews, '52, to
Dean O. Claussen, a Beta at Whit
man, '50.
Casa Espanola announces the en
gagement of Lois Andrews, '52, to
Dean O. Claussen, a Beta at Whit
man, '50.
Casa Espanola announces the en
gagement of Lois Andrews, '52, to
Dean O. Claussen, a Beta at Whit
man, '50.
Casa Espanola announces the en
gagement of Lois Andrews, '52, to
Dean O. Claussen, a Beta at Whit
man, '50.
Casa Espanola announces the en
gagement of Lois Andrews, '52, to
Dean O. Claussen, a Beta at Whit
man, '50.
Casa Espanola announces the en
gagement of Lois Andrews, '52, to
Dean O. Claussen, a Beta at Whit
man, '50.
Casa Espanola announces the en
gagement of Lois Andrews, '52, to
Dean O. Claussen, a Beta at Whit
man, '50.
Casa Espanola announces the en
gagement of Lois Andrews, '52, to
Dean O. Claussen, a Beta at Whit
man, '50.
Casa Espanola announces the en
gagement of Lois Andrews, '52, to
Dean O. Claussen, a Beta at Whit
man, '50.
Casa Espanola announces the en
gagement of Lois Andrews, '52, to
Dean O. Claussen, a Beta at Whit
man, '50.
Casa Espanola announces the en
gagement of Lois Andrews, '52, to
Dean O. Claussen, a Beta at Whit
man, '50.
