# Untitled Article
## 
### 
After the rah rah days of college
life are over and future generations
of students fill the vacancies on the
university roll, the names of the men
who have won athletic prestige while
undergraduates easily become forgot
ten. On the record books of college
sport their achievements are duly
chronicled for posterity to peruse.
Even the names of the great stars In
each particular branch become oblit
erated from our memories by the rap
idity with which new names are added
to the list of heroes. In the past at
Stanford the varsity emblem on a
sweater or a fob has been the only
remembrance which a man may lake
away with him other than the satis
faction of knowledge of his own prow
ess. As a fitting memorial of the ap
preciation of the university for their
work the Executive Committee has
adopted a plan of granting a suitable
certificate to the men who have made
their varsity letter in any. of the major
sports. This will be given to every
wearer of the "S," both present and
future. The possessor of such a certi
ficate will have a permanent record of
his days of athletic activity at his
Alma Mater.
