# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Cornell has a new rule barring
Freshmen from using automobiles on
the campus.
Cornell has a new rule barring
Freshmen from using automobiles on
the campus.
Cornell has a new rule barring
Freshmen from using automobiles on
the campus.
Cornell has a new rule barring
Freshmen from using automobiles on
the campus.
Cornell has a new rule barring
Freshmen from using automobiles on
the campus.
Cornell has a new rule barring
Freshmen from using automobiles on
the campus.
Cornell has a new rule barring
Freshmen from using automobiles on
the campus.
Cornell has a new rule barring
Freshmen from using automobiles on
the campus.
Cornell has a new rule barring
Freshmen from using automobiles on
the campus.
Cornell has a new rule barring
Freshmen from using automobiles on
the campus.
Cornell has a new rule barring
Freshmen from using automobiles on
the campus.
Cornell has a new rule barring
Freshmen from using automobiles on
the campus.
Cornell has a new rule barring
Freshmen from using automobiles on
the campus.
Cornell has a new rule barring
Freshmen from using automobiles on
the campus.
