# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Freshman and Junior football
teams at Purdue will fight for the
class championship.
The Freshman and Junior football
teams at Purdue will fight for the
class championship.
The Freshman and Junior football
teams at Purdue will fight for the
class championship.
The Freshman and Junior football
teams at Purdue will fight for the
class championship.
The Freshman and Junior football
teams at Purdue will fight for the
class championship.
The Freshman and Junior football
teams at Purdue will fight for the
class championship.
The Freshman and Junior football
teams at Purdue will fight for the
class championship.
The Freshman and Junior football
teams at Purdue will fight for the
class championship.
The Freshman and Junior football
teams at Purdue will fight for the
class championship.
The Freshman and Junior football
teams at Purdue will fight for the
class championship.
The Freshman and Junior football
teams at Purdue will fight for the
class championship.
The Freshman and Junior football
teams at Purdue will fight for the
class championship.
The Freshman and Junior football
teams at Purdue will fight for the
class championship.
The Freshman and Junior football
teams at Purdue will fight for the
class championship.
