# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
"What a whale of a differ
ence a new cravat makes in
one's appearance!"—
Imported Mogador
Cravats $2.50
Others at $1.50 and $2
Encina
Haberdashery
"What a whale of a differ
ence a new cravat makes in
one's appearance!"—
Imported Mogador
Cravats $2.50
Others at $1.50 and $2
Encina
Haberdashery
"What a whale of a differ
ence a new cravat makes in
one's appearance!"—
Imported Mogador
Cravats $2.50
Others at $1.50 and $2
Encina
Haberdashery
"What a whale of a differ
ence a new cravat makes in
one's appearance!"—
Imported Mogador
Cravats $2.50
Others at $1.50 and $2
Encina
Haberdashery
"What a whale of a differ
ence a new cravat makes in
one's appearance!"—
Imported Mogador
Cravats $2.50
Others at $1.50 and $2
Encina
Haberdashery
"What a whale of a differ
ence a new cravat makes in
one's appearance!"—
Imported Mogador
Cravats $2.50
Others at $1.50 and $2
Encina
Haberdashery
"What a whale of a differ
ence a new cravat makes in
one's appearance!"—
Imported Mogador
Cravats $2.50
Others at $1.50 and $2
Encina
Haberdashery
"What a whale of a differ
ence a new cravat makes in
one's appearance!"—
Imported Mogador
Cravats $2.50
Others at $1.50 and $2
Encina
Haberdashery
"What a whale of a differ
ence a new cravat makes in
one's appearance!"—
Imported Mogador
Cravats $2.50
Others at $1.50 and $2
Encina
Haberdashery
"What a whale of a differ
ence a new cravat makes in
one's appearance!"—
Imported Mogador
Cravats $2.50
Others at $1.50 and $2
Encina
Haberdashery
"What a whale of a differ
ence a new cravat makes in
one's appearance!"—
Imported Mogador
Cravats $2.50
Others at $1.50 and $2
Encina
Haberdashery
"What a whale of a differ
ence a new cravat makes in
one's appearance!"—
Imported Mogador
Cravats $2.50
Others at $1.50 and $2
Encina
Haberdashery
"What a whale of a differ
ence a new cravat makes in
one's appearance!"—
Imported Mogador
Cravats $2.50
Others at $1.50 and $2
Encina
Haberdashery
"What a whale of a differ
ence a new cravat makes in
one's appearance!"—
Imported Mogador
Cravats $2.50
Others at $1.50 and $2
Encina
Haberdashery
"What a whale of a differ
ence a new cravat makes in
one's appearance!"—
Imported Mogador
Cravats $2.50
Others at $1.50 and $2
Encina
Haberdashery
"What a whale of a differ
ence a new cravat makes in
one's appearance!"—
Imported Mogador
Cravats $2.50
Others at $1.50 and $2
Encina
Haberdashery
