# Kathleen Morris To Speak On "Hoover" at Club Tea
## 
### 
The Stanford Women's Club of San
Francisco has extended an invitation to
University students to attend a tea Sun
day afternoon from 4 to 5:30 o'clock iji
the Fairmont Hotel ballroom. Kathleen
Norris and William G. Marvin will speak
on "Herbert Hoover."
Tickets are fifty cents, and may be
obtained through the Fairmont Hotel.
Reservations can not be made after today.
The Stanford Women's Club of San
Francisco has extended an invitation to
University students to attend a tea Sun
day afternoon from 4 to 5:30 o'clock iji
the Fairmont Hotel ballroom. Kathleen
Norris and William G. Marvin will speak
on "Herbert Hoover."
Tickets are fifty cents, and may be
obtained through the Fairmont Hotel.
Reservations can not be made after today.
The Stanford Women's Club of San
Francisco has extended an invitation to
University students to attend a tea Sun
day afternoon from 4 to 5:30 o'clock iji
the Fairmont Hotel ballroom. Kathleen
Norris and William G. Marvin will speak
on "Herbert Hoover."
Tickets are fifty cents, and may be
obtained through the Fairmont Hotel.
Reservations can not be made after today.
The Stanford Women's Club of San
Francisco has extended an invitation to
University students to attend a tea Sun
day afternoon from 4 to 5:30 o'clock iji
the Fairmont Hotel ballroom. Kathleen
Norris and William G. Marvin will speak
on "Herbert Hoover."
Tickets are fifty cents, and may be
obtained through the Fairmont Hotel.
Reservations can not be made after today.
The Stanford Women's Club of San
Francisco has extended an invitation to
University students to attend a tea Sun
day afternoon from 4 to 5:30 o'clock iji
the Fairmont Hotel ballroom. Kathleen
Norris and William G. Marvin will speak
on "Herbert Hoover."
Tickets are fifty cents, and may be
obtained through the Fairmont Hotel.
Reservations can not be made after today.
The Stanford Women's Club of San
Francisco has extended an invitation to
University students to attend a tea Sun
day afternoon from 4 to 5:30 o'clock iji
the Fairmont Hotel ballroom. Kathleen
Norris and William G. Marvin will speak
on "Herbert Hoover."
Tickets are fifty cents, and may be
obtained through the Fairmont Hotel.
Reservations can not be made after today.
The Stanford Women's Club of San
Francisco has extended an invitation to
University students to attend a tea Sun
day afternoon from 4 to 5:30 o'clock iji
the Fairmont Hotel ballroom. Kathleen
Norris and William G. Marvin will speak
on "Herbert Hoover."
Tickets are fifty cents, and may be
obtained through the Fairmont Hotel.
Reservations can not be made after today.
The Stanford Women's Club of San
Francisco has extended an invitation to
University students to attend a tea Sun
day afternoon from 4 to 5:30 o'clock iji
the Fairmont Hotel ballroom. Kathleen
Norris and William G. Marvin will speak
on "Herbert Hoover."
Tickets are fifty cents, and may be
obtained through the Fairmont Hotel.
Reservations can not be made after today.
The Stanford Women's Club of San
Francisco has extended an invitation to
University students to attend a tea Sun
day afternoon from 4 to 5:30 o'clock iji
the Fairmont Hotel ballroom. Kathleen
Norris and William G. Marvin will speak
on "Herbert Hoover."
Tickets are fifty cents, and may be
obtained through the Fairmont Hotel.
Reservations can not be made after today.
The Stanford Women's Club of San
Francisco has extended an invitation to
University students to attend a tea Sun
day afternoon from 4 to 5:30 o'clock iji
the Fairmont Hotel ballroom. Kathleen
Norris and William G. Marvin will speak
on "Herbert Hoover."
Tickets are fifty cents, and may be
obtained through the Fairmont Hotel.
Reservations can not be made after today.
The Stanford Women's Club of San
Francisco has extended an invitation to
University students to attend a tea Sun
day afternoon from 4 to 5:30 o'clock iji
the Fairmont Hotel ballroom. Kathleen
Norris and William G. Marvin will speak
on "Herbert Hoover."
Tickets are fifty cents, and may be
obtained through the Fairmont Hotel.
Reservations can not be made after today.
The Stanford Women's Club of San
Francisco has extended an invitation to
University students to attend a tea Sun
day afternoon from 4 to 5:30 o'clock iji
the Fairmont Hotel ballroom. Kathleen
Norris and William G. Marvin will speak
on "Herbert Hoover."
Tickets are fifty cents, and may be
obtained through the Fairmont Hotel.
Reservations can not be made after today.
The Stanford Women's Club of San
Francisco has extended an invitation to
University students to attend a tea Sun
day afternoon from 4 to 5:30 o'clock iji
the Fairmont Hotel ballroom. Kathleen
Norris and William G. Marvin will speak
on "Herbert Hoover."
Tickets are fifty cents, and may be
obtained through the Fairmont Hotel.
Reservations can not be made after today.
The Stanford Women's Club of San
Francisco has extended an invitation to
University students to attend a tea Sun
day afternoon from 4 to 5:30 o'clock iji
the Fairmont Hotel ballroom. Kathleen
Norris and William G. Marvin will speak
on "Herbert Hoover."
Tickets are fifty cents, and may be
obtained through the Fairmont Hotel.
Reservations can not be made after today.
The Stanford Women's Club of San
Francisco has extended an invitation to
University students to attend a tea Sun
day afternoon from 4 to 5:30 o'clock iji
the Fairmont Hotel ballroom. Kathleen
Norris and William G. Marvin will speak
on "Herbert Hoover."
Tickets are fifty cents, and may be
obtained through the Fairmont Hotel.
Reservations can not be made after today.
The Stanford Women's Club of San
Francisco has extended an invitation to
University students to attend a tea Sun
day afternoon from 4 to 5:30 o'clock iji
the Fairmont Hotel ballroom. Kathleen
Norris and William G. Marvin will speak
on "Herbert Hoover."
Tickets are fifty cents, and may be
obtained through the Fairmont Hotel.
Reservations can not be made after today.
