# CHIEF PUTS OVER WINNING TALLY
## 
### 

IT LOOKS as though Big Chief Norm Standlec were going to kiss the pigskin after putting over the win
ning touchdown late in the fourth quarter of Saturday's game, and we wouldn't blame him if he did. Other
players shown are A1 Cole (9) and Ken Robesky (42) of Stanford, and Peoples (21) and Beeson (51) of the
Trojans.

IT LOOKS as though Big Chief Norm Standlec were going to kiss the pigskin after putting over the win
ning touchdown late in the fourth quarter of Saturday's game, and we wouldn't blame him if he did. Other
players shown are A1 Cole (9) and Ken Robesky (42) of Stanford, and Peoples (21) and Beeson (51) of the
Trojans.

IT LOOKS as though Big Chief Norm Standlec were going to kiss the pigskin after putting over the win
ning touchdown late in the fourth quarter of Saturday's game, and we wouldn't blame him if he did. Other
players shown are A1 Cole (9) and Ken Robesky (42) of Stanford, and Peoples (21) and Beeson (51) of the
Trojans.

IT LOOKS as though Big Chief Norm Standlec were going to kiss the pigskin after putting over the win
ning touchdown late in the fourth quarter of Saturday's game, and we wouldn't blame him if he did. Other
players shown are A1 Cole (9) and Ken Robesky (42) of Stanford, and Peoples (21) and Beeson (51) of the
Trojans.

IT LOOKS as though Big Chief Norm Standlec were going to kiss the pigskin after putting over the win
ning touchdown late in the fourth quarter of Saturday's game, and we wouldn't blame him if he did. Other
players shown are A1 Cole (9) and Ken Robesky (42) of Stanford, and Peoples (21) and Beeson (51) of the
Trojans.

IT LOOKS as though Big Chief Norm Standlec were going to kiss the pigskin after putting over the win
ning touchdown late in the fourth quarter of Saturday's game, and we wouldn't blame him if he did. Other
players shown are A1 Cole (9) and Ken Robesky (42) of Stanford, and Peoples (21) and Beeson (51) of the
Trojans.

IT LOOKS as though Big Chief Norm Standlec were going to kiss the pigskin after putting over the win
ning touchdown late in the fourth quarter of Saturday's game, and we wouldn't blame him if he did. Other
players shown are A1 Cole (9) and Ken Robesky (42) of Stanford, and Peoples (21) and Beeson (51) of the
Trojans.

IT LOOKS as though Big Chief Norm Standlec were going to kiss the pigskin after putting over the win
ning touchdown late in the fourth quarter of Saturday's game, and we wouldn't blame him if he did. Other
players shown are A1 Cole (9) and Ken Robesky (42) of Stanford, and Peoples (21) and Beeson (51) of the
Trojans.

IT LOOKS as though Big Chief Norm Standlec were going to kiss the pigskin after putting over the win
ning touchdown late in the fourth quarter of Saturday's game, and we wouldn't blame him if he did. Other
players shown are A1 Cole (9) and Ken Robesky (42) of Stanford, and Peoples (21) and Beeson (51) of the
Trojans.

IT LOOKS as though Big Chief Norm Standlec were going to kiss the pigskin after putting over the win
ning touchdown late in the fourth quarter of Saturday's game, and we wouldn't blame him if he did. Other
players shown are A1 Cole (9) and Ken Robesky (42) of Stanford, and Peoples (21) and Beeson (51) of the
Trojans.

IT LOOKS as though Big Chief Norm Standlec were going to kiss the pigskin after putting over the win
ning touchdown late in the fourth quarter of Saturday's game, and we wouldn't blame him if he did. Other
players shown are A1 Cole (9) and Ken Robesky (42) of Stanford, and Peoples (21) and Beeson (51) of the
Trojans.

IT LOOKS as though Big Chief Norm Standlec were going to kiss the pigskin after putting over the win
ning touchdown late in the fourth quarter of Saturday's game, and we wouldn't blame him if he did. Other
players shown are A1 Cole (9) and Ken Robesky (42) of Stanford, and Peoples (21) and Beeson (51) of the
Trojans.

IT LOOKS as though Big Chief Norm Standlec were going to kiss the pigskin after putting over the win
ning touchdown late in the fourth quarter of Saturday's game, and we wouldn't blame him if he did. Other
players shown are A1 Cole (9) and Ken Robesky (42) of Stanford, and Peoples (21) and Beeson (51) of the
Trojans.

IT LOOKS as though Big Chief Norm Standlec were going to kiss the pigskin after putting over the win
ning touchdown late in the fourth quarter of Saturday's game, and we wouldn't blame him if he did. Other
players shown are A1 Cole (9) and Ken Robesky (42) of Stanford, and Peoples (21) and Beeson (51) of the
Trojans.

IT LOOKS as though Big Chief Norm Standlec were going to kiss the pigskin after putting over the win
ning touchdown late in the fourth quarter of Saturday's game, and we wouldn't blame him if he did. Other
players shown are A1 Cole (9) and Ken Robesky (42) of Stanford, and Peoples (21) and Beeson (51) of the
Trojans.

IT LOOKS as though Big Chief Norm Standlec were going to kiss the pigskin after putting over the win
ning touchdown late in the fourth quarter of Saturday's game, and we wouldn't blame him if he did. Other
players shown are A1 Cole (9) and Ken Robesky (42) of Stanford, and Peoples (21) and Beeson (51) of the
Trojans.

IT LOOKS as though Big Chief Norm Standlec were going to kiss the pigskin after putting over the win
ning touchdown late in the fourth quarter of Saturday's game, and we wouldn't blame him if he did. Other
players shown are A1 Cole (9) and Ken Robesky (42) of Stanford, and Peoples (21) and Beeson (51) of the
Trojans.
