# ROBESKY STARS IN S.C. TILT
## 
### 

SURPRISE STAR (if Saturday's V.S.C. ganfie was Ken Rnhesky, who
filled in when Chuck Taylor was hurt and played a brilliant game at
the left guard position.

SURPRISE STAR (if Saturday's V.S.C. ganfie was Ken Rnhesky, who
filled in when Chuck Taylor was hurt and played a brilliant game at
the left guard position.

SURPRISE STAR (if Saturday's V.S.C. ganfie was Ken Rnhesky, who
filled in when Chuck Taylor was hurt and played a brilliant game at
the left guard position.

SURPRISE STAR (if Saturday's V.S.C. ganfie was Ken Rnhesky, who
filled in when Chuck Taylor was hurt and played a brilliant game at
the left guard position.

SURPRISE STAR (if Saturday's V.S.C. ganfie was Ken Rnhesky, who
filled in when Chuck Taylor was hurt and played a brilliant game at
the left guard position.

SURPRISE STAR (if Saturday's V.S.C. ganfie was Ken Rnhesky, who
filled in when Chuck Taylor was hurt and played a brilliant game at
the left guard position.

SURPRISE STAR (if Saturday's V.S.C. ganfie was Ken Rnhesky, who
filled in when Chuck Taylor was hurt and played a brilliant game at
the left guard position.

SURPRISE STAR (if Saturday's V.S.C. ganfie was Ken Rnhesky, who
filled in when Chuck Taylor was hurt and played a brilliant game at
the left guard position.

SURPRISE STAR (if Saturday's V.S.C. ganfie was Ken Rnhesky, who
filled in when Chuck Taylor was hurt and played a brilliant game at
the left guard position.

SURPRISE STAR (if Saturday's V.S.C. ganfie was Ken Rnhesky, who
filled in when Chuck Taylor was hurt and played a brilliant game at
the left guard position.

SURPRISE STAR (if Saturday's V.S.C. ganfie was Ken Rnhesky, who
filled in when Chuck Taylor was hurt and played a brilliant game at
the left guard position.

SURPRISE STAR (if Saturday's V.S.C. ganfie was Ken Rnhesky, who
filled in when Chuck Taylor was hurt and played a brilliant game at
the left guard position.

SURPRISE STAR (if Saturday's V.S.C. ganfie was Ken Rnhesky, who
filled in when Chuck Taylor was hurt and played a brilliant game at
the left guard position.

SURPRISE STAR (if Saturday's V.S.C. ganfie was Ken Rnhesky, who
filled in when Chuck Taylor was hurt and played a brilliant game at
the left guard position.

SURPRISE STAR (if Saturday's V.S.C. ganfie was Ken Rnhesky, who
filled in when Chuck Taylor was hurt and played a brilliant game at
the left guard position.

SURPRISE STAR (if Saturday's V.S.C. ganfie was Ken Rnhesky, who
filled in when Chuck Taylor was hurt and played a brilliant game at
the left guard position.

SURPRISE STAR (if Saturday's V.S.C. ganfie was Ken Rnhesky, who
filled in when Chuck Taylor was hurt and played a brilliant game at
the left guard position.
