# INSIDE
## 
### 
Win
Cardinal women's soccer
roils over the UC-Davis
Aggies, 3-0.
See Sports, page 11

New
Antonio Novello will shake
up the 'old boy' network as
the next surgeon general.
See World & Nation, page 3

Bug
The science bug answers
quandaries about quaking
thunder.
See Science, page 8

Win
Cardinal women's soccer
roils over the UC-Davis
Aggies, 3-0.
See Sports, page 11

New
Antonio Novello will shake
up the 'old boy' network as
the next surgeon general.
See World & Nation, page 3

Bug
The science bug answers
quandaries about quaking
thunder.
See Science, page 8

Win
Cardinal women's soccer
roils over the UC-Davis
Aggies, 3-0.
See Sports, page 11

New
Antonio Novello will shake
up the 'old boy' network as
the next surgeon general.
See World & Nation, page 3

Bug
The science bug answers
quandaries about quaking
thunder.
See Science, page 8

Win
Cardinal women's soccer
roils over the UC-Davis
Aggies, 3-0.
See Sports, page 11

New
Antonio Novello will shake
up the 'old boy' network as
the next surgeon general.
See World & Nation, page 3

Bug
The science bug answers
quandaries about quaking
thunder.
See Science, page 8

Win
Cardinal women's soccer
roils over the UC-Davis
Aggies, 3-0.
See Sports, page 11

New
Antonio Novello will shake
up the 'old boy' network as
the next surgeon general.
See World & Nation, page 3

Bug
The science bug answers
quandaries about quaking
thunder.
See Science, page 8

Win
Cardinal women's soccer
roils over the UC-Davis
Aggies, 3-0.
See Sports, page 11

New
Antonio Novello will shake
up the 'old boy' network as
the next surgeon general.
See World & Nation, page 3

Bug
The science bug answers
quandaries about quaking
thunder.
See Science, page 8

Win
Cardinal women's soccer
roils over the UC-Davis
Aggies, 3-0.
See Sports, page 11

New
Antonio Novello will shake
up the 'old boy' network as
the next surgeon general.
See World & Nation, page 3

Bug
The science bug answers
quandaries about quaking
thunder.
See Science, page 8

Win
Cardinal women's soccer
roils over the UC-Davis
Aggies, 3-0.
See Sports, page 11

New
Antonio Novello will shake
up the 'old boy' network as
the next surgeon general.
See World & Nation, page 3

Bug
The science bug answers
quandaries about quaking
thunder.
See Science, page 8

