# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Associated Press
The sky is falling
Astronaut George Nelson attempts to repair the Solar Maximum Mission satellite
in April 1984. Despite NASA's effort, they predict that the Solar Max will fall
out of orbit in mid-November. NASA experts speculate that the satellite will
break into three big chunks upon its return to the earth s atmosphere.

Associated Press
The sky is falling
Astronaut George Nelson attempts to repair the Solar Maximum Mission satellite
in April 1984. Despite NASA's effort, they predict that the Solar Max will fall
out of orbit in mid-November. NASA experts speculate that the satellite will
break into three big chunks upon its return to the earth s atmosphere.

Associated Press
The sky is falling
Astronaut George Nelson attempts to repair the Solar Maximum Mission satellite
in April 1984. Despite NASA's effort, they predict that the Solar Max will fall
out of orbit in mid-November. NASA experts speculate that the satellite will
break into three big chunks upon its return to the earth s atmosphere.

Associated Press
The sky is falling
Astronaut George Nelson attempts to repair the Solar Maximum Mission satellite
in April 1984. Despite NASA's effort, they predict that the Solar Max will fall
out of orbit in mid-November. NASA experts speculate that the satellite will
break into three big chunks upon its return to the earth s atmosphere.

Associated Press
The sky is falling
Astronaut George Nelson attempts to repair the Solar Maximum Mission satellite
in April 1984. Despite NASA's effort, they predict that the Solar Max will fall
out of orbit in mid-November. NASA experts speculate that the satellite will
break into three big chunks upon its return to the earth s atmosphere.

Associated Press
The sky is falling
Astronaut George Nelson attempts to repair the Solar Maximum Mission satellite
in April 1984. Despite NASA's effort, they predict that the Solar Max will fall
out of orbit in mid-November. NASA experts speculate that the satellite will
break into three big chunks upon its return to the earth s atmosphere.

Associated Press
The sky is falling
Astronaut George Nelson attempts to repair the Solar Maximum Mission satellite
in April 1984. Despite NASA's effort, they predict that the Solar Max will fall
out of orbit in mid-November. NASA experts speculate that the satellite will
break into three big chunks upon its return to the earth s atmosphere.

Associated Press
The sky is falling
Astronaut George Nelson attempts to repair the Solar Maximum Mission satellite
in April 1984. Despite NASA's effort, they predict that the Solar Max will fall
out of orbit in mid-November. NASA experts speculate that the satellite will
break into three big chunks upon its return to the earth s atmosphere.
