# THETA DELT PLEDGE
## 
### 
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of A1 Morrison, Class of [
'34. ]
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of A1 Morrison, Class of [
'34. ]
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of A1 Morrison, Class of [
'34. ]
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of A1 Morrison, Class of [
'34. ]
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of A1 Morrison, Class of [
'34. ]
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of A1 Morrison, Class of [
'34. ]
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of A1 Morrison, Class of [
'34. ]
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of A1 Morrison, Class of [
'34. ]
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of A1 Morrison, Class of [
'34. ]
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of A1 Morrison, Class of [
'34. ]
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of A1 Morrison, Class of [
'34. ]
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of A1 Morrison, Class of [
'34. ]
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of A1 Morrison, Class of [
'34. ]
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of A1 Morrison, Class of [
'34. ]
