# ANNUAL SPRING PARTY
## 
### 
Cap and Gown, senior women's
honorary society, held its annual
spring week-end party at the homes
of Mrs. Edwin Thomas and Mrs. Al
Roth in the Soquel mountains neat-
Santa Cruz. Twenty-three members
participated in the outing, which Ls
for alumnae as well as active mem
bers.
Cap and Gown, senior women's
honorary society, held its annual
spring week-end party at the homes
of Mrs. Edwin Thomas and Mrs. Al
Roth in the Soquel mountains neat-
Santa Cruz. Twenty-three members
participated in the outing, which Ls
for alumnae as well as active mem
bers.
Cap and Gown, senior women's
honorary society, held its annual
spring week-end party at the homes
of Mrs. Edwin Thomas and Mrs. Al
Roth in the Soquel mountains neat-
Santa Cruz. Twenty-three members
participated in the outing, which Ls
for alumnae as well as active mem
bers.
Cap and Gown, senior women's
honorary society, held its annual
spring week-end party at the homes
of Mrs. Edwin Thomas and Mrs. Al
Roth in the Soquel mountains neat-
Santa Cruz. Twenty-three members
participated in the outing, which Ls
for alumnae as well as active mem
bers.
Cap and Gown, senior women's
honorary society, held its annual
spring week-end party at the homes
of Mrs. Edwin Thomas and Mrs. Al
Roth in the Soquel mountains neat-
Santa Cruz. Twenty-three members
participated in the outing, which Ls
for alumnae as well as active mem
bers.
Cap and Gown, senior women's
honorary society, held its annual
spring week-end party at the homes
of Mrs. Edwin Thomas and Mrs. Al
Roth in the Soquel mountains neat-
Santa Cruz. Twenty-three members
participated in the outing, which Ls
for alumnae as well as active mem
bers.
Cap and Gown, senior women's
honorary society, held its annual
spring week-end party at the homes
of Mrs. Edwin Thomas and Mrs. Al
Roth in the Soquel mountains neat-
Santa Cruz. Twenty-three members
participated in the outing, which Ls
for alumnae as well as active mem
bers.
Cap and Gown, senior women's
honorary society, held its annual
spring week-end party at the homes
of Mrs. Edwin Thomas and Mrs. Al
Roth in the Soquel mountains neat-
Santa Cruz. Twenty-three members
participated in the outing, which Ls
for alumnae as well as active mem
bers.
Cap and Gown, senior women's
honorary society, held its annual
spring week-end party at the homes
of Mrs. Edwin Thomas and Mrs. Al
Roth in the Soquel mountains neat-
Santa Cruz. Twenty-three members
participated in the outing, which Ls
for alumnae as well as active mem
bers.
Cap and Gown, senior women's
honorary society, held its annual
spring week-end party at the homes
of Mrs. Edwin Thomas and Mrs. Al
Roth in the Soquel mountains neat-
Santa Cruz. Twenty-three members
participated in the outing, which Ls
for alumnae as well as active mem
bers.
Cap and Gown, senior women's
honorary society, held its annual
spring week-end party at the homes
of Mrs. Edwin Thomas and Mrs. Al
Roth in the Soquel mountains neat-
Santa Cruz. Twenty-three members
participated in the outing, which Ls
for alumnae as well as active mem
bers.
Cap and Gown, senior women's
honorary society, held its annual
spring week-end party at the homes
of Mrs. Edwin Thomas and Mrs. Al
Roth in the Soquel mountains neat-
Santa Cruz. Twenty-three members
participated in the outing, which Ls
for alumnae as well as active mem
bers.
Cap and Gown, senior women's
honorary society, held its annual
spring week-end party at the homes
of Mrs. Edwin Thomas and Mrs. Al
Roth in the Soquel mountains neat-
Santa Cruz. Twenty-three members
participated in the outing, which Ls
for alumnae as well as active mem
bers.
Cap and Gown, senior women's
honorary society, held its annual
spring week-end party at the homes
of Mrs. Edwin Thomas and Mrs. Al
Roth in the Soquel mountains neat-
Santa Cruz. Twenty-three members
participated in the outing, which Ls
for alumnae as well as active mem
bers.
