# EARTHQUAKE GOD VENTS ANGER 26 YEARS AGO TODAY
## 
### 
April 18, 1906!
Twenty-six years ago today
at 5:13 o'clock in the morning
Stanford arose in haste and
terror from its slumber. The
land lying west of the ancient
San Andreas fault line had
moved northward eight feet.
Fifty-three seconds after the
first shock, the frames of the
Memorial Church and Arch
towered above a twisted and
shattered wreck which had
been the Quad. The new li
brary, men's gymnasium, mu
seum wings, medical building,
and entrance gates were com
pletely demolished. Two lives
had been lost, and $2,500,000 in
property had been destroyed.
Blocks of carved sandstone,
which here and there line
campus roads and paths, and
the foundations of the old li
brary and gymnasium, are the
sole reminders today of Stan
ford's greatest catastrophe.
April 18, 1906!
Twenty-six years ago today
at 5:13 o'clock in the morning
Stanford arose in haste and
terror from its slumber. The
land lying west of the ancient
San Andreas fault line had
moved northward eight feet.
Fifty-three seconds after the
first shock, the frames of the
Memorial Church and Arch
towered above a twisted and
shattered wreck which had
been the Quad. The new li
brary, men's gymnasium, mu
seum wings, medical building,
and entrance gates were com
pletely demolished. Two lives
had been lost, and $2,500,000 in
property had been destroyed.
Blocks of carved sandstone,
which here and there line
campus roads and paths, and
the foundations of the old li
brary and gymnasium, are the
sole reminders today of Stan
ford's greatest catastrophe.
April 18, 1906!
Twenty-six years ago today
at 5:13 o'clock in the morning
Stanford arose in haste and
terror from its slumber. The
land lying west of the ancient
San Andreas fault line had
moved northward eight feet.
Fifty-three seconds after the
first shock, the frames of the
Memorial Church and Arch
towered above a twisted and
shattered wreck which had
been the Quad. The new li
brary, men's gymnasium, mu
seum wings, medical building,
and entrance gates were com
pletely demolished. Two lives
had been lost, and $2,500,000 in
property had been destroyed.
Blocks of carved sandstone,
which here and there line
campus roads and paths, and
the foundations of the old li
brary and gymnasium, are the
sole reminders today of Stan
ford's greatest catastrophe.
April 18, 1906!
Twenty-six years ago today
at 5:13 o'clock in the morning
Stanford arose in haste and
terror from its slumber. The
land lying west of the ancient
San Andreas fault line had
moved northward eight feet.
Fifty-three seconds after the
first shock, the frames of the
Memorial Church and Arch
towered above a twisted and
shattered wreck which had
been the Quad. The new li
brary, men's gymnasium, mu
seum wings, medical building,
and entrance gates were com
pletely demolished. Two lives
had been lost, and $2,500,000 in
property had been destroyed.
Blocks of carved sandstone,
which here and there line
campus roads and paths, and
the foundations of the old li
brary and gymnasium, are the
sole reminders today of Stan
ford's greatest catastrophe.
April 18, 1906!
Twenty-six years ago today
at 5:13 o'clock in the morning
Stanford arose in haste and
terror from its slumber. The
land lying west of the ancient
San Andreas fault line had
moved northward eight feet.
Fifty-three seconds after the
first shock, the frames of the
Memorial Church and Arch
towered above a twisted and
shattered wreck which had
been the Quad. The new li
brary, men's gymnasium, mu
seum wings, medical building,
and entrance gates were com
pletely demolished. Two lives
had been lost, and $2,500,000 in
property had been destroyed.
Blocks of carved sandstone,
which here and there line
campus roads and paths, and
the foundations of the old li
brary and gymnasium, are the
sole reminders today of Stan
ford's greatest catastrophe.
April 18, 1906!
Twenty-six years ago today
at 5:13 o'clock in the morning
Stanford arose in haste and
terror from its slumber. The
land lying west of the ancient
San Andreas fault line had
moved northward eight feet.
Fifty-three seconds after the
first shock, the frames of the
Memorial Church and Arch
towered above a twisted and
shattered wreck which had
been the Quad. The new li
brary, men's gymnasium, mu
seum wings, medical building,
and entrance gates were com
pletely demolished. Two lives
had been lost, and $2,500,000 in
property had been destroyed.
Blocks of carved sandstone,
which here and there line
campus roads and paths, and
the foundations of the old li
brary and gymnasium, are the
sole reminders today of Stan
ford's greatest catastrophe.
April 18, 1906!
Twenty-six years ago today
at 5:13 o'clock in the morning
Stanford arose in haste and
terror from its slumber. The
land lying west of the ancient
San Andreas fault line had
moved northward eight feet.
Fifty-three seconds after the
first shock, the frames of the
Memorial Church and Arch
towered above a twisted and
shattered wreck which had
been the Quad. The new li
brary, men's gymnasium, mu
seum wings, medical building,
and entrance gates were com
pletely demolished. Two lives
had been lost, and $2,500,000 in
property had been destroyed.
Blocks of carved sandstone,
which here and there line
campus roads and paths, and
the foundations of the old li
brary and gymnasium, are the
sole reminders today of Stan
ford's greatest catastrophe.
April 18, 1906!
Twenty-six years ago today
at 5:13 o'clock in the morning
Stanford arose in haste and
terror from its slumber. The
land lying west of the ancient
San Andreas fault line had
moved northward eight feet.
Fifty-three seconds after the
first shock, the frames of the
Memorial Church and Arch
towered above a twisted and
shattered wreck which had
been the Quad. The new li
brary, men's gymnasium, mu
seum wings, medical building,
and entrance gates were com
pletely demolished. Two lives
had been lost, and $2,500,000 in
property had been destroyed.
Blocks of carved sandstone,
which here and there line
campus roads and paths, and
the foundations of the old li
brary and gymnasium, are the
sole reminders today of Stan
ford's greatest catastrophe.
April 18, 1906!
Twenty-six years ago today
at 5:13 o'clock in the morning
Stanford arose in haste and
terror from its slumber. The
land lying west of the ancient
San Andreas fault line had
moved northward eight feet.
Fifty-three seconds after the
first shock, the frames of the
Memorial Church and Arch
towered above a twisted and
shattered wreck which had
been the Quad. The new li
brary, men's gymnasium, mu
seum wings, medical building,
and entrance gates were com
pletely demolished. Two lives
had been lost, and $2,500,000 in
property had been destroyed.
Blocks of carved sandstone,
which here and there line
campus roads and paths, and
the foundations of the old li
brary and gymnasium, are the
sole reminders today of Stan
ford's greatest catastrophe.
April 18, 1906!
Twenty-six years ago today
at 5:13 o'clock in the morning
Stanford arose in haste and
terror from its slumber. The
land lying west of the ancient
San Andreas fault line had
moved northward eight feet.
Fifty-three seconds after the
first shock, the frames of the
Memorial Church and Arch
towered above a twisted and
shattered wreck which had
been the Quad. The new li
brary, men's gymnasium, mu
seum wings, medical building,
and entrance gates were com
pletely demolished. Two lives
had been lost, and $2,500,000 in
property had been destroyed.
Blocks of carved sandstone,
which here and there line
campus roads and paths, and
the foundations of the old li
brary and gymnasium, are the
sole reminders today of Stan
ford's greatest catastrophe.
April 18, 1906!
Twenty-six years ago today
at 5:13 o'clock in the morning
Stanford arose in haste and
terror from its slumber. The
land lying west of the ancient
San Andreas fault line had
moved northward eight feet.
Fifty-three seconds after the
first shock, the frames of the
Memorial Church and Arch
towered above a twisted and
shattered wreck which had
been the Quad. The new li
brary, men's gymnasium, mu
seum wings, medical building,
and entrance gates were com
pletely demolished. Two lives
had been lost, and $2,500,000 in
property had been destroyed.
Blocks of carved sandstone,
which here and there line
campus roads and paths, and
the foundations of the old li
brary and gymnasium, are the
sole reminders today of Stan
ford's greatest catastrophe.
April 18, 1906!
Twenty-six years ago today
at 5:13 o'clock in the morning
Stanford arose in haste and
terror from its slumber. The
land lying west of the ancient
San Andreas fault line had
moved northward eight feet.
Fifty-three seconds after the
first shock, the frames of the
Memorial Church and Arch
towered above a twisted and
shattered wreck which had
been the Quad. The new li
brary, men's gymnasium, mu
seum wings, medical building,
and entrance gates were com
pletely demolished. Two lives
had been lost, and $2,500,000 in
property had been destroyed.
Blocks of carved sandstone,
which here and there line
campus roads and paths, and
the foundations of the old li
brary and gymnasium, are the
sole reminders today of Stan
ford's greatest catastrophe.
April 18, 1906!
Twenty-six years ago today
at 5:13 o'clock in the morning
Stanford arose in haste and
terror from its slumber. The
land lying west of the ancient
San Andreas fault line had
moved northward eight feet.
Fifty-three seconds after the
first shock, the frames of the
Memorial Church and Arch
towered above a twisted and
shattered wreck which had
been the Quad. The new li
brary, men's gymnasium, mu
seum wings, medical building,
and entrance gates were com
pletely demolished. Two lives
had been lost, and $2,500,000 in
property had been destroyed.
Blocks of carved sandstone,
which here and there line
campus roads and paths, and
the foundations of the old li
brary and gymnasium, are the
sole reminders today of Stan
ford's greatest catastrophe.
April 18, 1906!
Twenty-six years ago today
at 5:13 o'clock in the morning
Stanford arose in haste and
terror from its slumber. The
land lying west of the ancient
San Andreas fault line had
moved northward eight feet.
Fifty-three seconds after the
first shock, the frames of the
Memorial Church and Arch
towered above a twisted and
shattered wreck which had
been the Quad. The new li
brary, men's gymnasium, mu
seum wings, medical building,
and entrance gates were com
pletely demolished. Two lives
had been lost, and $2,500,000 in
property had been destroyed.
Blocks of carved sandstone,
which here and there line
campus roads and paths, and
the foundations of the old li
brary and gymnasium, are the
sole reminders today of Stan
ford's greatest catastrophe.
