# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Tower o/ Power will be at the Old Waldorf on New Year's Eve for
two consecutive shows. The 7:30 p.m. show is $8.50 in advance,
$9.50 the day of the show. The late show at 10:30 is $25 in

advance, $35 the day of the show and includes complimentary
champagne and party favors.

Tower o/ Power will be at the Old Waldorf on New Year's Eve for
two consecutive shows. The 7:30 p.m. show is $8.50 in advance,
$9.50 the day of the show. The late show at 10:30 is $25 in

advance, $35 the day of the show and includes complimentary
champagne and party favors.

Tower o/ Power will be at the Old Waldorf on New Year's Eve for
two consecutive shows. The 7:30 p.m. show is $8.50 in advance,
$9.50 the day of the show. The late show at 10:30 is $25 in

advance, $35 the day of the show and includes complimentary
champagne and party favors.

Tower o/ Power will be at the Old Waldorf on New Year's Eve for
two consecutive shows. The 7:30 p.m. show is $8.50 in advance,
$9.50 the day of the show. The late show at 10:30 is $25 in

advance, $35 the day of the show and includes complimentary
champagne and party favors.

Tower o/ Power will be at the Old Waldorf on New Year's Eve for
two consecutive shows. The 7:30 p.m. show is $8.50 in advance,
$9.50 the day of the show. The late show at 10:30 is $25 in

advance, $35 the day of the show and includes complimentary
champagne and party favors.

Tower o/ Power will be at the Old Waldorf on New Year's Eve for
two consecutive shows. The 7:30 p.m. show is $8.50 in advance,
$9.50 the day of the show. The late show at 10:30 is $25 in

advance, $35 the day of the show and includes complimentary
champagne and party favors.

Tower o/ Power will be at the Old Waldorf on New Year's Eve for
two consecutive shows. The 7:30 p.m. show is $8.50 in advance,
$9.50 the day of the show. The late show at 10:30 is $25 in

advance, $35 the day of the show and includes complimentary
champagne and party favors.

Tower o/ Power will be at the Old Waldorf on New Year's Eve for
two consecutive shows. The 7:30 p.m. show is $8.50 in advance,
$9.50 the day of the show. The late show at 10:30 is $25 in

advance, $35 the day of the show and includes complimentary
champagne and party favors.

Tower o/ Power will be at the Old Waldorf on New Year's Eve for
two consecutive shows. The 7:30 p.m. show is $8.50 in advance,
$9.50 the day of the show. The late show at 10:30 is $25 in

advance, $35 the day of the show and includes complimentary
champagne and party favors.

Tower o/ Power will be at the Old Waldorf on New Year's Eve for
two consecutive shows. The 7:30 p.m. show is $8.50 in advance,
$9.50 the day of the show. The late show at 10:30 is $25 in

advance, $35 the day of the show and includes complimentary
champagne and party favors.

Tower o/ Power will be at the Old Waldorf on New Year's Eve for
two consecutive shows. The 7:30 p.m. show is $8.50 in advance,
$9.50 the day of the show. The late show at 10:30 is $25 in

advance, $35 the day of the show and includes complimentary
champagne and party favors.

Tower o/ Power will be at the Old Waldorf on New Year's Eve for
two consecutive shows. The 7:30 p.m. show is $8.50 in advance,
$9.50 the day of the show. The late show at 10:30 is $25 in

advance, $35 the day of the show and includes complimentary
champagne and party favors.

Tower o/ Power will be at the Old Waldorf on New Year's Eve for
two consecutive shows. The 7:30 p.m. show is $8.50 in advance,
$9.50 the day of the show. The late show at 10:30 is $25 in

advance, $35 the day of the show and includes complimentary
champagne and party favors.
