# HELEN McGAVIN PLEDGES
## 
### 
Announcement was made last night
that Helen McGavin was pledged to
Alpha Phi sorority.
Announcement was made last night
that Helen McGavin was pledged to
Alpha Phi sorority.
Announcement was made last night
that Helen McGavin was pledged to
Alpha Phi sorority.
Announcement was made last night
that Helen McGavin was pledged to
Alpha Phi sorority.
Announcement was made last night
that Helen McGavin was pledged to
Alpha Phi sorority.
Announcement was made last night
that Helen McGavin was pledged to
Alpha Phi sorority.
Announcement was made last night
that Helen McGavin was pledged to
Alpha Phi sorority.
Announcement was made last night
that Helen McGavin was pledged to
Alpha Phi sorority.
Announcement was made last night
that Helen McGavin was pledged to
Alpha Phi sorority.
Announcement was made last night
that Helen McGavin was pledged to
Alpha Phi sorority.
Announcement was made last night
that Helen McGavin was pledged to
Alpha Phi sorority.
Announcement was made last night
that Helen McGavin was pledged to
Alpha Phi sorority.
Announcement was made last night
that Helen McGavin was pledged to
Alpha Phi sorority.
Announcement was made last night
that Helen McGavin was pledged to
Alpha Phi sorority.
Announcement was made last night
that Helen McGavin was pledged to
Alpha Phi sorority.
Announcement was made last night
that Helen McGavin was pledged to
Alpha Phi sorority.
Announcement was made last night
that Helen McGavin was pledged to
Alpha Phi sorority.
