# Federal Reserve Broadens Loans
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Sept. 27 (UP).—
The Federal Reserve Board broad
ened its lending functions today to
maintain easy money conditions "at
a time of a deflationary develop
ment."
Revised regulations under au
thority granted the board by the
1935 Banking Act will permit ad
vances to member banks on assets
not eligible under former regula
tions. The new rules are effective
October 1.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 27 (UP).—
The Federal Reserve Board broad
ened its lending functions today to
maintain easy money conditions "at
a time of a deflationary develop
ment."
Revised regulations under au
thority granted the board by the
1935 Banking Act will permit ad
vances to member banks on assets
not eligible under former regula
tions. The new rules are effective
October 1.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 27 (UP).—
The Federal Reserve Board broad
ened its lending functions today to
maintain easy money conditions "at
a time of a deflationary develop
ment."
Revised regulations under au
thority granted the board by the
1935 Banking Act will permit ad
vances to member banks on assets
not eligible under former regula
tions. The new rules are effective
October 1.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 27 (UP).—
The Federal Reserve Board broad
ened its lending functions today to
maintain easy money conditions "at
a time of a deflationary develop
ment."
Revised regulations under au
thority granted the board by the
1935 Banking Act will permit ad
vances to member banks on assets
not eligible under former regula
tions. The new rules are effective
October 1.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 27 (UP).—
The Federal Reserve Board broad
ened its lending functions today to
maintain easy money conditions "at
a time of a deflationary develop
ment."
Revised regulations under au
thority granted the board by the
1935 Banking Act will permit ad
vances to member banks on assets
not eligible under former regula
tions. The new rules are effective
October 1.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 27 (UP).—
The Federal Reserve Board broad
ened its lending functions today to
maintain easy money conditions "at
a time of a deflationary develop
ment."
Revised regulations under au
thority granted the board by the
1935 Banking Act will permit ad
vances to member banks on assets
not eligible under former regula
tions. The new rules are effective
October 1.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 27 (UP).—
The Federal Reserve Board broad
ened its lending functions today to
maintain easy money conditions "at
a time of a deflationary develop
ment."
Revised regulations under au
thority granted the board by the
1935 Banking Act will permit ad
vances to member banks on assets
not eligible under former regula
tions. The new rules are effective
October 1.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 27 (UP).—
The Federal Reserve Board broad
ened its lending functions today to
maintain easy money conditions "at
a time of a deflationary develop
ment."
Revised regulations under au
thority granted the board by the
1935 Banking Act will permit ad
vances to member banks on assets
not eligible under former regula
tions. The new rules are effective
October 1.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 27 (UP).—
The Federal Reserve Board broad
ened its lending functions today to
maintain easy money conditions "at
a time of a deflationary develop
ment."
Revised regulations under au
thority granted the board by the
1935 Banking Act will permit ad
vances to member banks on assets
not eligible under former regula
tions. The new rules are effective
October 1.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 27 (UP).—
The Federal Reserve Board broad
ened its lending functions today to
maintain easy money conditions "at
a time of a deflationary develop
ment."
Revised regulations under au
thority granted the board by the
1935 Banking Act will permit ad
vances to member banks on assets
not eligible under former regula
tions. The new rules are effective
October 1.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 27 (UP).—
The Federal Reserve Board broad
ened its lending functions today to
maintain easy money conditions "at
a time of a deflationary develop
ment."
Revised regulations under au
thority granted the board by the
1935 Banking Act will permit ad
vances to member banks on assets
not eligible under former regula
tions. The new rules are effective
October 1.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 27 (UP).—
The Federal Reserve Board broad
ened its lending functions today to
maintain easy money conditions "at
a time of a deflationary develop
ment."
Revised regulations under au
thority granted the board by the
1935 Banking Act will permit ad
vances to member banks on assets
not eligible under former regula
tions. The new rules are effective
October 1.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 27 (UP).—
The Federal Reserve Board broad
ened its lending functions today to
maintain easy money conditions "at
a time of a deflationary develop
ment."
Revised regulations under au
thority granted the board by the
1935 Banking Act will permit ad
vances to member banks on assets
not eligible under former regula
tions. The new rules are effective
October 1.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 27 (UP).—
The Federal Reserve Board broad
ened its lending functions today to
maintain easy money conditions "at
a time of a deflationary develop
ment."
Revised regulations under au
thority granted the board by the
1935 Banking Act will permit ad
vances to member banks on assets
not eligible under former regula
tions. The new rules are effective
October 1.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 27 (UP).—
The Federal Reserve Board broad
ened its lending functions today to
maintain easy money conditions "at
a time of a deflationary develop
ment."
Revised regulations under au
thority granted the board by the
1935 Banking Act will permit ad
vances to member banks on assets
not eligible under former regula
tions. The new rules are effective
October 1.
