# Farm's Champion Swimmers Return
## 
### 
With most of last year's champion
ship team returning, Coach Nort
Thornton's swimmers can look for
ward to another winning season.
Bulwark of the squad will be Dave
Rider, national distance star, and
such outstanding aquarians as Dick
Clark, sprinter; Harold Weatherbe
and Mason Letteau, backstroke art
ists; Don Towne, breaststroke; Win
field Needham who swims the dis
tances with Rider; and Jack Vibert,
sprinter.
A strong addition to the team will
be John Brahtz, a junior transfer
from Cal Tech who is rated among
the best. Stanford's only diver, Roy
Winkleman will be back for his
second year on the varsity. Diving
Coach Ernst Brandsten is training
Winkleman for the next Olympics.
With most of last year's champion
ship team returning, Coach Nort
Thornton's swimmers can look for
ward to another winning season.
Bulwark of the squad will be Dave
Rider, national distance star, and
such outstanding aquarians as Dick
Clark, sprinter; Harold Weatherbe
and Mason Letteau, backstroke art
ists; Don Towne, breaststroke; Win
field Needham who swims the dis
tances with Rider; and Jack Vibert,
sprinter.
A strong addition to the team will
be John Brahtz, a junior transfer
from Cal Tech who is rated among
the best. Stanford's only diver, Roy
Winkleman will be back for his
second year on the varsity. Diving
Coach Ernst Brandsten is training
Winkleman for the next Olympics.
With most of last year's champion
ship team returning, Coach Nort
Thornton's swimmers can look for
ward to another winning season.
Bulwark of the squad will be Dave
Rider, national distance star, and
such outstanding aquarians as Dick
Clark, sprinter; Harold Weatherbe
and Mason Letteau, backstroke art
ists; Don Towne, breaststroke; Win
field Needham who swims the dis
tances with Rider; and Jack Vibert,
sprinter.
A strong addition to the team will
be John Brahtz, a junior transfer
from Cal Tech who is rated among
the best. Stanford's only diver, Roy
Winkleman will be back for his
second year on the varsity. Diving
Coach Ernst Brandsten is training
Winkleman for the next Olympics.
With most of last year's champion
ship team returning, Coach Nort
Thornton's swimmers can look for
ward to another winning season.
Bulwark of the squad will be Dave
Rider, national distance star, and
such outstanding aquarians as Dick
Clark, sprinter; Harold Weatherbe
and Mason Letteau, backstroke art
ists; Don Towne, breaststroke; Win
field Needham who swims the dis
tances with Rider; and Jack Vibert,
sprinter.
A strong addition to the team will
be John Brahtz, a junior transfer
from Cal Tech who is rated among
the best. Stanford's only diver, Roy
Winkleman will be back for his
second year on the varsity. Diving
Coach Ernst Brandsten is training
Winkleman for the next Olympics.
With most of last year's champion
ship team returning, Coach Nort
Thornton's swimmers can look for
ward to another winning season.
Bulwark of the squad will be Dave
Rider, national distance star, and
such outstanding aquarians as Dick
Clark, sprinter; Harold Weatherbe
and Mason Letteau, backstroke art
ists; Don Towne, breaststroke; Win
field Needham who swims the dis
tances with Rider; and Jack Vibert,
sprinter.
A strong addition to the team will
be John Brahtz, a junior transfer
from Cal Tech who is rated among
the best. Stanford's only diver, Roy
Winkleman will be back for his
second year on the varsity. Diving
Coach Ernst Brandsten is training
Winkleman for the next Olympics.
With most of last year's champion
ship team returning, Coach Nort
Thornton's swimmers can look for
ward to another winning season.
Bulwark of the squad will be Dave
Rider, national distance star, and
such outstanding aquarians as Dick
Clark, sprinter; Harold Weatherbe
and Mason Letteau, backstroke art
ists; Don Towne, breaststroke; Win
field Needham who swims the dis
tances with Rider; and Jack Vibert,
sprinter.
A strong addition to the team will
be John Brahtz, a junior transfer
from Cal Tech who is rated among
the best. Stanford's only diver, Roy
Winkleman will be back for his
second year on the varsity. Diving
Coach Ernst Brandsten is training
Winkleman for the next Olympics.
With most of last year's champion
ship team returning, Coach Nort
Thornton's swimmers can look for
ward to another winning season.
Bulwark of the squad will be Dave
Rider, national distance star, and
such outstanding aquarians as Dick
Clark, sprinter; Harold Weatherbe
and Mason Letteau, backstroke art
ists; Don Towne, breaststroke; Win
field Needham who swims the dis
tances with Rider; and Jack Vibert,
sprinter.
A strong addition to the team will
be John Brahtz, a junior transfer
from Cal Tech who is rated among
the best. Stanford's only diver, Roy
Winkleman will be back for his
second year on the varsity. Diving
Coach Ernst Brandsten is training
Winkleman for the next Olympics.
With most of last year's champion
ship team returning, Coach Nort
Thornton's swimmers can look for
ward to another winning season.
Bulwark of the squad will be Dave
Rider, national distance star, and
such outstanding aquarians as Dick
Clark, sprinter; Harold Weatherbe
and Mason Letteau, backstroke art
ists; Don Towne, breaststroke; Win
field Needham who swims the dis
tances with Rider; and Jack Vibert,
sprinter.
A strong addition to the team will
be John Brahtz, a junior transfer
from Cal Tech who is rated among
the best. Stanford's only diver, Roy
Winkleman will be back for his
second year on the varsity. Diving
Coach Ernst Brandsten is training
Winkleman for the next Olympics.
With most of last year's champion
ship team returning, Coach Nort
Thornton's swimmers can look for
ward to another winning season.
Bulwark of the squad will be Dave
Rider, national distance star, and
such outstanding aquarians as Dick
Clark, sprinter; Harold Weatherbe
and Mason Letteau, backstroke art
ists; Don Towne, breaststroke; Win
field Needham who swims the dis
tances with Rider; and Jack Vibert,
sprinter.
A strong addition to the team will
be John Brahtz, a junior transfer
from Cal Tech who is rated among
the best. Stanford's only diver, Roy
Winkleman will be back for his
second year on the varsity. Diving
Coach Ernst Brandsten is training
Winkleman for the next Olympics.
With most of last year's champion
ship team returning, Coach Nort
Thornton's swimmers can look for
ward to another winning season.
Bulwark of the squad will be Dave
Rider, national distance star, and
such outstanding aquarians as Dick
Clark, sprinter; Harold Weatherbe
and Mason Letteau, backstroke art
ists; Don Towne, breaststroke; Win
field Needham who swims the dis
tances with Rider; and Jack Vibert,
sprinter.
A strong addition to the team will
be John Brahtz, a junior transfer
from Cal Tech who is rated among
the best. Stanford's only diver, Roy
Winkleman will be back for his
second year on the varsity. Diving
Coach Ernst Brandsten is training
Winkleman for the next Olympics.
With most of last year's champion
ship team returning, Coach Nort
Thornton's swimmers can look for
ward to another winning season.
Bulwark of the squad will be Dave
Rider, national distance star, and
such outstanding aquarians as Dick
Clark, sprinter; Harold Weatherbe
and Mason Letteau, backstroke art
ists; Don Towne, breaststroke; Win
field Needham who swims the dis
tances with Rider; and Jack Vibert,
sprinter.
A strong addition to the team will
be John Brahtz, a junior transfer
from Cal Tech who is rated among
the best. Stanford's only diver, Roy
Winkleman will be back for his
second year on the varsity. Diving
Coach Ernst Brandsten is training
Winkleman for the next Olympics.
With most of last year's champion
ship team returning, Coach Nort
Thornton's swimmers can look for
ward to another winning season.
Bulwark of the squad will be Dave
Rider, national distance star, and
such outstanding aquarians as Dick
Clark, sprinter; Harold Weatherbe
and Mason Letteau, backstroke art
ists; Don Towne, breaststroke; Win
field Needham who swims the dis
tances with Rider; and Jack Vibert,
sprinter.
A strong addition to the team will
be John Brahtz, a junior transfer
from Cal Tech who is rated among
the best. Stanford's only diver, Roy
Winkleman will be back for his
second year on the varsity. Diving
Coach Ernst Brandsten is training
Winkleman for the next Olympics.
With most of last year's champion
ship team returning, Coach Nort
Thornton's swimmers can look for
ward to another winning season.
Bulwark of the squad will be Dave
Rider, national distance star, and
such outstanding aquarians as Dick
Clark, sprinter; Harold Weatherbe
and Mason Letteau, backstroke art
ists; Don Towne, breaststroke; Win
field Needham who swims the dis
tances with Rider; and Jack Vibert,
sprinter.
A strong addition to the team will
be John Brahtz, a junior transfer
from Cal Tech who is rated among
the best. Stanford's only diver, Roy
Winkleman will be back for his
second year on the varsity. Diving
Coach Ernst Brandsten is training
Winkleman for the next Olympics.
With most of last year's champion
ship team returning, Coach Nort
Thornton's swimmers can look for
ward to another winning season.
Bulwark of the squad will be Dave
Rider, national distance star, and
such outstanding aquarians as Dick
Clark, sprinter; Harold Weatherbe
and Mason Letteau, backstroke art
ists; Don Towne, breaststroke; Win
field Needham who swims the dis
tances with Rider; and Jack Vibert,
sprinter.
A strong addition to the team will
be John Brahtz, a junior transfer
from Cal Tech who is rated among
the best. Stanford's only diver, Roy
Winkleman will be back for his
second year on the varsity. Diving
Coach Ernst Brandsten is training
Winkleman for the next Olympics.
With most of last year's champion
ship team returning, Coach Nort
Thornton's swimmers can look for
ward to another winning season.
Bulwark of the squad will be Dave
Rider, national distance star, and
such outstanding aquarians as Dick
Clark, sprinter; Harold Weatherbe
and Mason Letteau, backstroke art
ists; Don Towne, breaststroke; Win
field Needham who swims the dis
tances with Rider; and Jack Vibert,
sprinter.
A strong addition to the team will
be John Brahtz, a junior transfer
from Cal Tech who is rated among
the best. Stanford's only diver, Roy
Winkleman will be back for his
second year on the varsity. Diving
Coach Ernst Brandsten is training
Winkleman for the next Olympics.
