# Grid Betting Pool Defended
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 27 (UP).
—Charges that a $3,000,000 football
pool under investigation by police
was operating outside the law "be
cause nobody could win it," were
denied today by an attorney for the
pool.
"The pool is not crooked," the at
torney, representing Jack Ferdinand
Van, asserted head of the pool, said.
"Whoever it was who said it was
impossible to win in the pool was
wrong. We're anxious to get into
court and get it over with."
The San Francisco police bunco
detail arrested three men connected
with the nationwide enterprise after
a bank accountant told Lieut. Frank
McConnell that it was impossible to
draw a winning number in the pool
because it could be a fractional
number.
Lieut. McConnell said: "People
have already lost hundreds of thou
sands in the pool."
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 27 (UP).
—Charges that a $3,000,000 football
pool under investigation by police
was operating outside the law "be
cause nobody could win it," were
denied today by an attorney for the
pool.
"The pool is not crooked," the at
torney, representing Jack Ferdinand
Van, asserted head of the pool, said.
"Whoever it was who said it was
impossible to win in the pool was
wrong. We're anxious to get into
court and get it over with."
The San Francisco police bunco
detail arrested three men connected
with the nationwide enterprise after
a bank accountant told Lieut. Frank
McConnell that it was impossible to
draw a winning number in the pool
because it could be a fractional
number.
Lieut. McConnell said: "People
have already lost hundreds of thou
sands in the pool."
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 27 (UP).
—Charges that a $3,000,000 football
pool under investigation by police
was operating outside the law "be
cause nobody could win it," were
denied today by an attorney for the
pool.
"The pool is not crooked," the at
torney, representing Jack Ferdinand
Van, asserted head of the pool, said.
"Whoever it was who said it was
impossible to win in the pool was
wrong. We're anxious to get into
court and get it over with."
The San Francisco police bunco
detail arrested three men connected
with the nationwide enterprise after
a bank accountant told Lieut. Frank
McConnell that it was impossible to
draw a winning number in the pool
because it could be a fractional
number.
Lieut. McConnell said: "People
have already lost hundreds of thou
sands in the pool."
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 27 (UP).
—Charges that a $3,000,000 football
pool under investigation by police
was operating outside the law "be
cause nobody could win it," were
denied today by an attorney for the
pool.
"The pool is not crooked," the at
torney, representing Jack Ferdinand
Van, asserted head of the pool, said.
"Whoever it was who said it was
impossible to win in the pool was
wrong. We're anxious to get into
court and get it over with."
The San Francisco police bunco
detail arrested three men connected
with the nationwide enterprise after
a bank accountant told Lieut. Frank
McConnell that it was impossible to
draw a winning number in the pool
because it could be a fractional
number.
Lieut. McConnell said: "People
have already lost hundreds of thou
sands in the pool."
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 27 (UP).
—Charges that a $3,000,000 football
pool under investigation by police
was operating outside the law "be
cause nobody could win it," were
denied today by an attorney for the
pool.
"The pool is not crooked," the at
torney, representing Jack Ferdinand
Van, asserted head of the pool, said.
"Whoever it was who said it was
impossible to win in the pool was
wrong. We're anxious to get into
court and get it over with."
The San Francisco police bunco
detail arrested three men connected
with the nationwide enterprise after
a bank accountant told Lieut. Frank
McConnell that it was impossible to
draw a winning number in the pool
because it could be a fractional
number.
Lieut. McConnell said: "People
have already lost hundreds of thou
sands in the pool."
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 27 (UP).
—Charges that a $3,000,000 football
pool under investigation by police
was operating outside the law "be
cause nobody could win it," were
denied today by an attorney for the
pool.
"The pool is not crooked," the at
torney, representing Jack Ferdinand
Van, asserted head of the pool, said.
"Whoever it was who said it was
impossible to win in the pool was
wrong. We're anxious to get into
court and get it over with."
The San Francisco police bunco
detail arrested three men connected
with the nationwide enterprise after
a bank accountant told Lieut. Frank
McConnell that it was impossible to
draw a winning number in the pool
because it could be a fractional
number.
Lieut. McConnell said: "People
have already lost hundreds of thou
sands in the pool."
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 27 (UP).
—Charges that a $3,000,000 football
pool under investigation by police
was operating outside the law "be
cause nobody could win it," were
denied today by an attorney for the
pool.
"The pool is not crooked," the at
torney, representing Jack Ferdinand
Van, asserted head of the pool, said.
"Whoever it was who said it was
impossible to win in the pool was
wrong. We're anxious to get into
court and get it over with."
The San Francisco police bunco
detail arrested three men connected
with the nationwide enterprise after
a bank accountant told Lieut. Frank
McConnell that it was impossible to
draw a winning number in the pool
because it could be a fractional
number.
Lieut. McConnell said: "People
have already lost hundreds of thou
sands in the pool."
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 27 (UP).
—Charges that a $3,000,000 football
pool under investigation by police
was operating outside the law "be
cause nobody could win it," were
denied today by an attorney for the
pool.
"The pool is not crooked," the at
torney, representing Jack Ferdinand
Van, asserted head of the pool, said.
"Whoever it was who said it was
impossible to win in the pool was
wrong. We're anxious to get into
court and get it over with."
The San Francisco police bunco
detail arrested three men connected
with the nationwide enterprise after
a bank accountant told Lieut. Frank
McConnell that it was impossible to
draw a winning number in the pool
because it could be a fractional
number.
Lieut. McConnell said: "People
have already lost hundreds of thou
sands in the pool."
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 27 (UP).
—Charges that a $3,000,000 football
pool under investigation by police
was operating outside the law "be
cause nobody could win it," were
denied today by an attorney for the
pool.
"The pool is not crooked," the at
torney, representing Jack Ferdinand
Van, asserted head of the pool, said.
"Whoever it was who said it was
impossible to win in the pool was
wrong. We're anxious to get into
court and get it over with."
The San Francisco police bunco
detail arrested three men connected
with the nationwide enterprise after
a bank accountant told Lieut. Frank
McConnell that it was impossible to
draw a winning number in the pool
because it could be a fractional
number.
Lieut. McConnell said: "People
have already lost hundreds of thou
sands in the pool."
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 27 (UP).
—Charges that a $3,000,000 football
pool under investigation by police
was operating outside the law "be
cause nobody could win it," were
denied today by an attorney for the
pool.
"The pool is not crooked," the at
torney, representing Jack Ferdinand
Van, asserted head of the pool, said.
"Whoever it was who said it was
impossible to win in the pool was
wrong. We're anxious to get into
court and get it over with."
The San Francisco police bunco
detail arrested three men connected
with the nationwide enterprise after
a bank accountant told Lieut. Frank
McConnell that it was impossible to
draw a winning number in the pool
because it could be a fractional
number.
Lieut. McConnell said: "People
have already lost hundreds of thou
sands in the pool."
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 27 (UP).
—Charges that a $3,000,000 football
pool under investigation by police
was operating outside the law "be
cause nobody could win it," were
denied today by an attorney for the
pool.
"The pool is not crooked," the at
torney, representing Jack Ferdinand
Van, asserted head of the pool, said.
"Whoever it was who said it was
impossible to win in the pool was
wrong. We're anxious to get into
court and get it over with."
The San Francisco police bunco
detail arrested three men connected
with the nationwide enterprise after
a bank accountant told Lieut. Frank
McConnell that it was impossible to
draw a winning number in the pool
because it could be a fractional
number.
Lieut. McConnell said: "People
have already lost hundreds of thou
sands in the pool."
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 27 (UP).
—Charges that a $3,000,000 football
pool under investigation by police
was operating outside the law "be
cause nobody could win it," were
denied today by an attorney for the
pool.
"The pool is not crooked," the at
torney, representing Jack Ferdinand
Van, asserted head of the pool, said.
"Whoever it was who said it was
impossible to win in the pool was
wrong. We're anxious to get into
court and get it over with."
The San Francisco police bunco
detail arrested three men connected
with the nationwide enterprise after
a bank accountant told Lieut. Frank
McConnell that it was impossible to
draw a winning number in the pool
because it could be a fractional
number.
Lieut. McConnell said: "People
have already lost hundreds of thou
sands in the pool."
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 27 (UP).
—Charges that a $3,000,000 football
pool under investigation by police
was operating outside the law "be
cause nobody could win it," were
denied today by an attorney for the
pool.
"The pool is not crooked," the at
torney, representing Jack Ferdinand
Van, asserted head of the pool, said.
"Whoever it was who said it was
impossible to win in the pool was
wrong. We're anxious to get into
court and get it over with."
The San Francisco police bunco
detail arrested three men connected
with the nationwide enterprise after
a bank accountant told Lieut. Frank
McConnell that it was impossible to
draw a winning number in the pool
because it could be a fractional
number.
Lieut. McConnell said: "People
have already lost hundreds of thou
sands in the pool."
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 27 (UP).
—Charges that a $3,000,000 football
pool under investigation by police
was operating outside the law "be
cause nobody could win it," were
denied today by an attorney for the
pool.
"The pool is not crooked," the at
torney, representing Jack Ferdinand
Van, asserted head of the pool, said.
"Whoever it was who said it was
impossible to win in the pool was
wrong. We're anxious to get into
court and get it over with."
The San Francisco police bunco
detail arrested three men connected
with the nationwide enterprise after
a bank accountant told Lieut. Frank
McConnell that it was impossible to
draw a winning number in the pool
because it could be a fractional
number.
Lieut. McConnell said: "People
have already lost hundreds of thou
sands in the pool."
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 27 (UP).
—Charges that a $3,000,000 football
pool under investigation by police
was operating outside the law "be
cause nobody could win it," were
denied today by an attorney for the
pool.
"The pool is not crooked," the at
torney, representing Jack Ferdinand
Van, asserted head of the pool, said.
"Whoever it was who said it was
impossible to win in the pool was
wrong. We're anxious to get into
court and get it over with."
The San Francisco police bunco
detail arrested three men connected
with the nationwide enterprise after
a bank accountant told Lieut. Frank
McConnell that it was impossible to
draw a winning number in the pool
because it could be a fractional
number.
Lieut. McConnell said: "People
have already lost hundreds of thou
sands in the pool."
