# Paly Banks Make Checks Expensive
## 
### 
Beginning this quarter, students
with local checking accounts must
pay for them. Instead of the flat
50-cent charge on accounts below
$50, there will be a "metered" serv
ice charge.
The new ruling adopted by Palo
Alto banks provides a basic charge
of 50 cents for accounts from $1 to
$09 inclusive, with one free check
for each full $10 average balance.
It provides no basic charge for ac
counts of $100 and above, but per
mits only one free check for each
$10 average balance above $100.
Beginning this quarter, students
with local checking accounts must
pay for them. Instead of the flat
50-cent charge on accounts below
$50, there will be a "metered" serv
ice charge.
The new ruling adopted by Palo
Alto banks provides a basic charge
of 50 cents for accounts from $1 to
$09 inclusive, with one free check
for each full $10 average balance.
It provides no basic charge for ac
counts of $100 and above, but per
mits only one free check for each
$10 average balance above $100.
Beginning this quarter, students
with local checking accounts must
pay for them. Instead of the flat
50-cent charge on accounts below
$50, there will be a "metered" serv
ice charge.
The new ruling adopted by Palo
Alto banks provides a basic charge
of 50 cents for accounts from $1 to
$09 inclusive, with one free check
for each full $10 average balance.
It provides no basic charge for ac
counts of $100 and above, but per
mits only one free check for each
$10 average balance above $100.
Beginning this quarter, students
with local checking accounts must
pay for them. Instead of the flat
50-cent charge on accounts below
$50, there will be a "metered" serv
ice charge.
The new ruling adopted by Palo
Alto banks provides a basic charge
of 50 cents for accounts from $1 to
$09 inclusive, with one free check
for each full $10 average balance.
It provides no basic charge for ac
counts of $100 and above, but per
mits only one free check for each
$10 average balance above $100.
Beginning this quarter, students
with local checking accounts must
pay for them. Instead of the flat
50-cent charge on accounts below
$50, there will be a "metered" serv
ice charge.
The new ruling adopted by Palo
Alto banks provides a basic charge
of 50 cents for accounts from $1 to
$09 inclusive, with one free check
for each full $10 average balance.
It provides no basic charge for ac
counts of $100 and above, but per
mits only one free check for each
$10 average balance above $100.
Beginning this quarter, students
with local checking accounts must
pay for them. Instead of the flat
50-cent charge on accounts below
$50, there will be a "metered" serv
ice charge.
The new ruling adopted by Palo
Alto banks provides a basic charge
of 50 cents for accounts from $1 to
$09 inclusive, with one free check
for each full $10 average balance.
It provides no basic charge for ac
counts of $100 and above, but per
mits only one free check for each
$10 average balance above $100.
Beginning this quarter, students
with local checking accounts must
pay for them. Instead of the flat
50-cent charge on accounts below
$50, there will be a "metered" serv
ice charge.
The new ruling adopted by Palo
Alto banks provides a basic charge
of 50 cents for accounts from $1 to
$09 inclusive, with one free check
for each full $10 average balance.
It provides no basic charge for ac
counts of $100 and above, but per
mits only one free check for each
$10 average balance above $100.
Beginning this quarter, students
with local checking accounts must
pay for them. Instead of the flat
50-cent charge on accounts below
$50, there will be a "metered" serv
ice charge.
The new ruling adopted by Palo
Alto banks provides a basic charge
of 50 cents for accounts from $1 to
$09 inclusive, with one free check
for each full $10 average balance.
It provides no basic charge for ac
counts of $100 and above, but per
mits only one free check for each
$10 average balance above $100.
Beginning this quarter, students
with local checking accounts must
pay for them. Instead of the flat
50-cent charge on accounts below
$50, there will be a "metered" serv
ice charge.
The new ruling adopted by Palo
Alto banks provides a basic charge
of 50 cents for accounts from $1 to
$09 inclusive, with one free check
for each full $10 average balance.
It provides no basic charge for ac
counts of $100 and above, but per
mits only one free check for each
$10 average balance above $100.
Beginning this quarter, students
with local checking accounts must
pay for them. Instead of the flat
50-cent charge on accounts below
$50, there will be a "metered" serv
ice charge.
The new ruling adopted by Palo
Alto banks provides a basic charge
of 50 cents for accounts from $1 to
$09 inclusive, with one free check
for each full $10 average balance.
It provides no basic charge for ac
counts of $100 and above, but per
mits only one free check for each
$10 average balance above $100.
Beginning this quarter, students
with local checking accounts must
pay for them. Instead of the flat
50-cent charge on accounts below
$50, there will be a "metered" serv
ice charge.
The new ruling adopted by Palo
Alto banks provides a basic charge
of 50 cents for accounts from $1 to
$09 inclusive, with one free check
for each full $10 average balance.
It provides no basic charge for ac
counts of $100 and above, but per
mits only one free check for each
$10 average balance above $100.
Beginning this quarter, students
with local checking accounts must
pay for them. Instead of the flat
50-cent charge on accounts below
$50, there will be a "metered" serv
ice charge.
The new ruling adopted by Palo
Alto banks provides a basic charge
of 50 cents for accounts from $1 to
$09 inclusive, with one free check
for each full $10 average balance.
It provides no basic charge for ac
counts of $100 and above, but per
mits only one free check for each
$10 average balance above $100.
Beginning this quarter, students
with local checking accounts must
pay for them. Instead of the flat
50-cent charge on accounts below
$50, there will be a "metered" serv
ice charge.
The new ruling adopted by Palo
Alto banks provides a basic charge
of 50 cents for accounts from $1 to
$09 inclusive, with one free check
for each full $10 average balance.
It provides no basic charge for ac
counts of $100 and above, but per
mits only one free check for each
$10 average balance above $100.
Beginning this quarter, students
with local checking accounts must
pay for them. Instead of the flat
50-cent charge on accounts below
$50, there will be a "metered" serv
ice charge.
The new ruling adopted by Palo
Alto banks provides a basic charge
of 50 cents for accounts from $1 to
$09 inclusive, with one free check
for each full $10 average balance.
It provides no basic charge for ac
counts of $100 and above, but per
mits only one free check for each
$10 average balance above $100.
Beginning this quarter, students
with local checking accounts must
pay for them. Instead of the flat
50-cent charge on accounts below
$50, there will be a "metered" serv
ice charge.
The new ruling adopted by Palo
Alto banks provides a basic charge
of 50 cents for accounts from $1 to
$09 inclusive, with one free check
for each full $10 average balance.
It provides no basic charge for ac
counts of $100 and above, but per
mits only one free check for each
$10 average balance above $100.
