# Chicago Police Seek Kipnapers
## Wealthy Manufacturer Missing Two Days 
### 
CHICAGO, Sept. 27 (U.R).—Police
broadcast a call today for arrest of
a "man in a gray cap" who accosted
wealthy Charles C. Ross, 72, shortly
before he was kidnaped.
Three men forced Ross from his
automobile on a lonely road Satur
day night and drove away with him.
No word has come concerning him
since.
Captain Dan Gilbert of state's at
torney's police announced that hotel
employees had reported seeing Mr.
Ross accosted by the "man in a gray
cap" Saturday just before the manu
facturer started on a drive in the
suburbs. The man was described as
about 32 and 6 feet 2 inches tall.
Captain Gilbert said that officers
had the description of the kidnapers
and their cars given by Mr. Ross'
secretary, Miss Florence Freihage,
44.
The wife of the retired greeting
card and valentine manufacturer
said he suffered from a weak heart
and high blood pressure, and shock
or undue excitement might jeopar
dize his life. Otherwise, she said, he
probably will "get along" with his
abductors.
CHICAGO, Sept. 27 (U.R).—Police
broadcast a call today for arrest of
a "man in a gray cap" who accosted
wealthy Charles C. Ross, 72, shortly
before he was kidnaped.
Three men forced Ross from his
automobile on a lonely road Satur
day night and drove away with him.
No word has come concerning him
since.
Captain Dan Gilbert of state's at
torney's police announced that hotel
employees had reported seeing Mr.
Ross accosted by the "man in a gray
cap" Saturday just before the manu
facturer started on a drive in the
suburbs. The man was described as
about 32 and 6 feet 2 inches tall.
Captain Gilbert said that officers
had the description of the kidnapers
and their cars given by Mr. Ross'
secretary, Miss Florence Freihage,
44.
The wife of the retired greeting
card and valentine manufacturer
said he suffered from a weak heart
and high blood pressure, and shock
or undue excitement might jeopar
dize his life. Otherwise, she said, he
probably will "get along" with his
abductors.
CHICAGO, Sept. 27 (U.R).—Police
broadcast a call today for arrest of
a "man in a gray cap" who accosted
wealthy Charles C. Ross, 72, shortly
before he was kidnaped.
Three men forced Ross from his
automobile on a lonely road Satur
day night and drove away with him.
No word has come concerning him
since.
Captain Dan Gilbert of state's at
torney's police announced that hotel
employees had reported seeing Mr.
Ross accosted by the "man in a gray
cap" Saturday just before the manu
facturer started on a drive in the
suburbs. The man was described as
about 32 and 6 feet 2 inches tall.
Captain Gilbert said that officers
had the description of the kidnapers
and their cars given by Mr. Ross'
secretary, Miss Florence Freihage,
44.
The wife of the retired greeting
card and valentine manufacturer
said he suffered from a weak heart
and high blood pressure, and shock
or undue excitement might jeopar
dize his life. Otherwise, she said, he
probably will "get along" with his
abductors.
CHICAGO, Sept. 27 (U.R).—Police
broadcast a call today for arrest of
a "man in a gray cap" who accosted
wealthy Charles C. Ross, 72, shortly
before he was kidnaped.
Three men forced Ross from his
automobile on a lonely road Satur
day night and drove away with him.
No word has come concerning him
since.
Captain Dan Gilbert of state's at
torney's police announced that hotel
employees had reported seeing Mr.
Ross accosted by the "man in a gray
cap" Saturday just before the manu
facturer started on a drive in the
suburbs. The man was described as
about 32 and 6 feet 2 inches tall.
Captain Gilbert said that officers
had the description of the kidnapers
and their cars given by Mr. Ross'
secretary, Miss Florence Freihage,
44.
The wife of the retired greeting
card and valentine manufacturer
said he suffered from a weak heart
and high blood pressure, and shock
or undue excitement might jeopar
dize his life. Otherwise, she said, he
probably will "get along" with his
abductors.
CHICAGO, Sept. 27 (U.R).—Police
broadcast a call today for arrest of
a "man in a gray cap" who accosted
wealthy Charles C. Ross, 72, shortly
before he was kidnaped.
Three men forced Ross from his
automobile on a lonely road Satur
day night and drove away with him.
No word has come concerning him
since.
Captain Dan Gilbert of state's at
torney's police announced that hotel
employees had reported seeing Mr.
Ross accosted by the "man in a gray
cap" Saturday just before the manu
facturer started on a drive in the
suburbs. The man was described as
about 32 and 6 feet 2 inches tall.
Captain Gilbert said that officers
had the description of the kidnapers
and their cars given by Mr. Ross'
secretary, Miss Florence Freihage,
44.
The wife of the retired greeting
card and valentine manufacturer
said he suffered from a weak heart
and high blood pressure, and shock
or undue excitement might jeopar
dize his life. Otherwise, she said, he
probably will "get along" with his
abductors.
CHICAGO, Sept. 27 (U.R).—Police
broadcast a call today for arrest of
a "man in a gray cap" who accosted
wealthy Charles C. Ross, 72, shortly
before he was kidnaped.
Three men forced Ross from his
automobile on a lonely road Satur
day night and drove away with him.
No word has come concerning him
since.
Captain Dan Gilbert of state's at
torney's police announced that hotel
employees had reported seeing Mr.
Ross accosted by the "man in a gray
cap" Saturday just before the manu
facturer started on a drive in the
suburbs. The man was described as
about 32 and 6 feet 2 inches tall.
Captain Gilbert said that officers
had the description of the kidnapers
and their cars given by Mr. Ross'
secretary, Miss Florence Freihage,
44.
The wife of the retired greeting
card and valentine manufacturer
said he suffered from a weak heart
and high blood pressure, and shock
or undue excitement might jeopar
dize his life. Otherwise, she said, he
probably will "get along" with his
abductors.
CHICAGO, Sept. 27 (U.R).—Police
broadcast a call today for arrest of
a "man in a gray cap" who accosted
wealthy Charles C. Ross, 72, shortly
before he was kidnaped.
Three men forced Ross from his
automobile on a lonely road Satur
day night and drove away with him.
No word has come concerning him
since.
Captain Dan Gilbert of state's at
torney's police announced that hotel
employees had reported seeing Mr.
Ross accosted by the "man in a gray
cap" Saturday just before the manu
facturer started on a drive in the
suburbs. The man was described as
about 32 and 6 feet 2 inches tall.
Captain Gilbert said that officers
had the description of the kidnapers
and their cars given by Mr. Ross'
secretary, Miss Florence Freihage,
44.
The wife of the retired greeting
card and valentine manufacturer
said he suffered from a weak heart
and high blood pressure, and shock
or undue excitement might jeopar
dize his life. Otherwise, she said, he
probably will "get along" with his
abductors.
CHICAGO, Sept. 27 (U.R).—Police
broadcast a call today for arrest of
a "man in a gray cap" who accosted
wealthy Charles C. Ross, 72, shortly
before he was kidnaped.
Three men forced Ross from his
automobile on a lonely road Satur
day night and drove away with him.
No word has come concerning him
since.
Captain Dan Gilbert of state's at
torney's police announced that hotel
employees had reported seeing Mr.
Ross accosted by the "man in a gray
cap" Saturday just before the manu
facturer started on a drive in the
suburbs. The man was described as
about 32 and 6 feet 2 inches tall.
Captain Gilbert said that officers
had the description of the kidnapers
and their cars given by Mr. Ross'
secretary, Miss Florence Freihage,
44.
The wife of the retired greeting
card and valentine manufacturer
said he suffered from a weak heart
and high blood pressure, and shock
or undue excitement might jeopar
dize his life. Otherwise, she said, he
probably will "get along" with his
abductors.
CHICAGO, Sept. 27 (U.R).—Police
broadcast a call today for arrest of
a "man in a gray cap" who accosted
wealthy Charles C. Ross, 72, shortly
before he was kidnaped.
Three men forced Ross from his
automobile on a lonely road Satur
day night and drove away with him.
No word has come concerning him
since.
Captain Dan Gilbert of state's at
torney's police announced that hotel
employees had reported seeing Mr.
Ross accosted by the "man in a gray
cap" Saturday just before the manu
facturer started on a drive in the
suburbs. The man was described as
about 32 and 6 feet 2 inches tall.
Captain Gilbert said that officers
had the description of the kidnapers
and their cars given by Mr. Ross'
secretary, Miss Florence Freihage,
44.
The wife of the retired greeting
card and valentine manufacturer
said he suffered from a weak heart
and high blood pressure, and shock
or undue excitement might jeopar
dize his life. Otherwise, she said, he
probably will "get along" with his
abductors.
CHICAGO, Sept. 27 (U.R).—Police
broadcast a call today for arrest of
a "man in a gray cap" who accosted
wealthy Charles C. Ross, 72, shortly
before he was kidnaped.
Three men forced Ross from his
automobile on a lonely road Satur
day night and drove away with him.
No word has come concerning him
since.
Captain Dan Gilbert of state's at
torney's police announced that hotel
employees had reported seeing Mr.
Ross accosted by the "man in a gray
cap" Saturday just before the manu
facturer started on a drive in the
suburbs. The man was described as
about 32 and 6 feet 2 inches tall.
Captain Gilbert said that officers
had the description of the kidnapers
and their cars given by Mr. Ross'
secretary, Miss Florence Freihage,
44.
The wife of the retired greeting
card and valentine manufacturer
said he suffered from a weak heart
and high blood pressure, and shock
or undue excitement might jeopar
dize his life. Otherwise, she said, he
probably will "get along" with his
abductors.
CHICAGO, Sept. 27 (U.R).—Police
broadcast a call today for arrest of
a "man in a gray cap" who accosted
wealthy Charles C. Ross, 72, shortly
before he was kidnaped.
Three men forced Ross from his
automobile on a lonely road Satur
day night and drove away with him.
No word has come concerning him
since.
Captain Dan Gilbert of state's at
torney's police announced that hotel
employees had reported seeing Mr.
Ross accosted by the "man in a gray
cap" Saturday just before the manu
facturer started on a drive in the
suburbs. The man was described as
about 32 and 6 feet 2 inches tall.
Captain Gilbert said that officers
had the description of the kidnapers
and their cars given by Mr. Ross'
secretary, Miss Florence Freihage,
44.
The wife of the retired greeting
card and valentine manufacturer
said he suffered from a weak heart
and high blood pressure, and shock
or undue excitement might jeopar
dize his life. Otherwise, she said, he
probably will "get along" with his
abductors.
CHICAGO, Sept. 27 (U.R).—Police
broadcast a call today for arrest of
a "man in a gray cap" who accosted
wealthy Charles C. Ross, 72, shortly
before he was kidnaped.
Three men forced Ross from his
automobile on a lonely road Satur
day night and drove away with him.
No word has come concerning him
since.
Captain Dan Gilbert of state's at
torney's police announced that hotel
employees had reported seeing Mr.
Ross accosted by the "man in a gray
cap" Saturday just before the manu
facturer started on a drive in the
suburbs. The man was described as
about 32 and 6 feet 2 inches tall.
Captain Gilbert said that officers
had the description of the kidnapers
and their cars given by Mr. Ross'
secretary, Miss Florence Freihage,
44.
The wife of the retired greeting
card and valentine manufacturer
said he suffered from a weak heart
and high blood pressure, and shock
or undue excitement might jeopar
dize his life. Otherwise, she said, he
probably will "get along" with his
abductors.
CHICAGO, Sept. 27 (U.R).—Police
broadcast a call today for arrest of
a "man in a gray cap" who accosted
wealthy Charles C. Ross, 72, shortly
before he was kidnaped.
Three men forced Ross from his
automobile on a lonely road Satur
day night and drove away with him.
No word has come concerning him
since.
Captain Dan Gilbert of state's at
torney's police announced that hotel
employees had reported seeing Mr.
Ross accosted by the "man in a gray
cap" Saturday just before the manu
facturer started on a drive in the
suburbs. The man was described as
about 32 and 6 feet 2 inches tall.
Captain Gilbert said that officers
had the description of the kidnapers
and their cars given by Mr. Ross'
secretary, Miss Florence Freihage,
44.
The wife of the retired greeting
card and valentine manufacturer
said he suffered from a weak heart
and high blood pressure, and shock
or undue excitement might jeopar
dize his life. Otherwise, she said, he
probably will "get along" with his
abductors.
CHICAGO, Sept. 27 (U.R).—Police
broadcast a call today for arrest of
a "man in a gray cap" who accosted
wealthy Charles C. Ross, 72, shortly
before he was kidnaped.
Three men forced Ross from his
automobile on a lonely road Satur
day night and drove away with him.
No word has come concerning him
since.
Captain Dan Gilbert of state's at
torney's police announced that hotel
employees had reported seeing Mr.
Ross accosted by the "man in a gray
cap" Saturday just before the manu
facturer started on a drive in the
suburbs. The man was described as
about 32 and 6 feet 2 inches tall.
Captain Gilbert said that officers
had the description of the kidnapers
and their cars given by Mr. Ross'
secretary, Miss Florence Freihage,
44.
The wife of the retired greeting
card and valentine manufacturer
said he suffered from a weak heart
and high blood pressure, and shock
or undue excitement might jeopar
dize his life. Otherwise, she said, he
probably will "get along" with his
abductors.
CHICAGO, Sept. 27 (U.R).—Police
broadcast a call today for arrest of
a "man in a gray cap" who accosted
wealthy Charles C. Ross, 72, shortly
before he was kidnaped.
Three men forced Ross from his
automobile on a lonely road Satur
day night and drove away with him.
No word has come concerning him
since.
Captain Dan Gilbert of state's at
torney's police announced that hotel
employees had reported seeing Mr.
Ross accosted by the "man in a gray
cap" Saturday just before the manu
facturer started on a drive in the
suburbs. The man was described as
about 32 and 6 feet 2 inches tall.
Captain Gilbert said that officers
had the description of the kidnapers
and their cars given by Mr. Ross'
secretary, Miss Florence Freihage,
44.
The wife of the retired greeting
card and valentine manufacturer
said he suffered from a weak heart
and high blood pressure, and shock
or undue excitement might jeopar
dize his life. Otherwise, she said, he
probably will "get along" with his
abductors.
