# Women Will Be Quizzed on Code
## 
### 
Women in all living groups will
lie quizzed on the honor code in
sessions starting next Monday and
running over three successive Mon
days, Jean Hemphill, Women's
Council chairman, said today.
Council members Jane Tanner and
Betty Hellyer will conduct the dis
cussions at the Union and Miss
Hemphill will be assisted by Lagu
nita president Sally Wilson at the
meetings in Lagunita. The check-up
will follow house meetings in the
various groups and will be held for
a small number. The plan has been
formed to emphasize the fine points
of the Code to new women, who were
acquainted with all regulations in
pre-registration meetings, and to re
mind other women students of rul
ings.
