# Yamagishi Wins P.C. Net Opener
## 
### 
BERKELEY, Sept. 27 (UP).—Jiro
Yamagishi, of Japan, defeated Alvin
Mathey, of Oakland, 6-1, 6-1, in the
first match of today's play in the
48th Pacific Coast tennis champion
ship.
Bob Hartman, of Oakland, de
feated G. Amonette, of Berkeley,
6-1, 6-1, and Wilmer Hines, of At
lanta, Ga., defaulted to Marcus Gor
don, of Berkeley.
Helen Jacobs, former national
champion, defaulted to Helen Dren
dall, of San Francisco. Miss Jacobs
has not recovered completely from a
recent illness.
BERKELEY, Sept. 27 (UP).—Jiro
Yamagishi, of Japan, defeated Alvin
Mathey, of Oakland, 6-1, 6-1, in the
first match of today's play in the
48th Pacific Coast tennis champion
ship.
Bob Hartman, of Oakland, de
feated G. Amonette, of Berkeley,
6-1, 6-1, and Wilmer Hines, of At
lanta, Ga., defaulted to Marcus Gor
don, of Berkeley.
Helen Jacobs, former national
champion, defaulted to Helen Dren
dall, of San Francisco. Miss Jacobs
has not recovered completely from a
recent illness.
BERKELEY, Sept. 27 (UP).—Jiro
Yamagishi, of Japan, defeated Alvin
Mathey, of Oakland, 6-1, 6-1, in the
first match of today's play in the
48th Pacific Coast tennis champion
ship.
Bob Hartman, of Oakland, de
feated G. Amonette, of Berkeley,
6-1, 6-1, and Wilmer Hines, of At
lanta, Ga., defaulted to Marcus Gor
don, of Berkeley.
Helen Jacobs, former national
champion, defaulted to Helen Dren
dall, of San Francisco. Miss Jacobs
has not recovered completely from a
recent illness.
BERKELEY, Sept. 27 (UP).—Jiro
Yamagishi, of Japan, defeated Alvin
Mathey, of Oakland, 6-1, 6-1, in the
first match of today's play in the
48th Pacific Coast tennis champion
ship.
Bob Hartman, of Oakland, de
feated G. Amonette, of Berkeley,
6-1, 6-1, and Wilmer Hines, of At
lanta, Ga., defaulted to Marcus Gor
don, of Berkeley.
Helen Jacobs, former national
champion, defaulted to Helen Dren
dall, of San Francisco. Miss Jacobs
has not recovered completely from a
recent illness.
BERKELEY, Sept. 27 (UP).—Jiro
Yamagishi, of Japan, defeated Alvin
Mathey, of Oakland, 6-1, 6-1, in the
first match of today's play in the
48th Pacific Coast tennis champion
ship.
Bob Hartman, of Oakland, de
feated G. Amonette, of Berkeley,
6-1, 6-1, and Wilmer Hines, of At
lanta, Ga., defaulted to Marcus Gor
don, of Berkeley.
Helen Jacobs, former national
champion, defaulted to Helen Dren
dall, of San Francisco. Miss Jacobs
has not recovered completely from a
recent illness.
BERKELEY, Sept. 27 (UP).—Jiro
Yamagishi, of Japan, defeated Alvin
Mathey, of Oakland, 6-1, 6-1, in the
first match of today's play in the
48th Pacific Coast tennis champion
ship.
Bob Hartman, of Oakland, de
feated G. Amonette, of Berkeley,
6-1, 6-1, and Wilmer Hines, of At
lanta, Ga., defaulted to Marcus Gor
don, of Berkeley.
Helen Jacobs, former national
champion, defaulted to Helen Dren
dall, of San Francisco. Miss Jacobs
has not recovered completely from a
recent illness.
BERKELEY, Sept. 27 (UP).—Jiro
Yamagishi, of Japan, defeated Alvin
Mathey, of Oakland, 6-1, 6-1, in the
first match of today's play in the
48th Pacific Coast tennis champion
ship.
Bob Hartman, of Oakland, de
feated G. Amonette, of Berkeley,
6-1, 6-1, and Wilmer Hines, of At
lanta, Ga., defaulted to Marcus Gor
don, of Berkeley.
Helen Jacobs, former national
champion, defaulted to Helen Dren
dall, of San Francisco. Miss Jacobs
has not recovered completely from a
recent illness.
BERKELEY, Sept. 27 (UP).—Jiro
Yamagishi, of Japan, defeated Alvin
Mathey, of Oakland, 6-1, 6-1, in the
first match of today's play in the
48th Pacific Coast tennis champion
ship.
Bob Hartman, of Oakland, de
feated G. Amonette, of Berkeley,
6-1, 6-1, and Wilmer Hines, of At
lanta, Ga., defaulted to Marcus Gor
don, of Berkeley.
Helen Jacobs, former national
champion, defaulted to Helen Dren
dall, of San Francisco. Miss Jacobs
has not recovered completely from a
recent illness.
BERKELEY, Sept. 27 (UP).—Jiro
Yamagishi, of Japan, defeated Alvin
Mathey, of Oakland, 6-1, 6-1, in the
first match of today's play in the
48th Pacific Coast tennis champion
ship.
Bob Hartman, of Oakland, de
feated G. Amonette, of Berkeley,
6-1, 6-1, and Wilmer Hines, of At
lanta, Ga., defaulted to Marcus Gor
don, of Berkeley.
Helen Jacobs, former national
champion, defaulted to Helen Dren
dall, of San Francisco. Miss Jacobs
has not recovered completely from a
recent illness.
BERKELEY, Sept. 27 (UP).—Jiro
Yamagishi, of Japan, defeated Alvin
Mathey, of Oakland, 6-1, 6-1, in the
first match of today's play in the
48th Pacific Coast tennis champion
ship.
Bob Hartman, of Oakland, de
feated G. Amonette, of Berkeley,
6-1, 6-1, and Wilmer Hines, of At
lanta, Ga., defaulted to Marcus Gor
don, of Berkeley.
Helen Jacobs, former national
champion, defaulted to Helen Dren
dall, of San Francisco. Miss Jacobs
has not recovered completely from a
recent illness.
BERKELEY, Sept. 27 (UP).—Jiro
Yamagishi, of Japan, defeated Alvin
Mathey, of Oakland, 6-1, 6-1, in the
first match of today's play in the
48th Pacific Coast tennis champion
ship.
Bob Hartman, of Oakland, de
feated G. Amonette, of Berkeley,
6-1, 6-1, and Wilmer Hines, of At
lanta, Ga., defaulted to Marcus Gor
don, of Berkeley.
Helen Jacobs, former national
champion, defaulted to Helen Dren
dall, of San Francisco. Miss Jacobs
has not recovered completely from a
recent illness.
BERKELEY, Sept. 27 (UP).—Jiro
Yamagishi, of Japan, defeated Alvin
Mathey, of Oakland, 6-1, 6-1, in the
first match of today's play in the
48th Pacific Coast tennis champion
ship.
Bob Hartman, of Oakland, de
feated G. Amonette, of Berkeley,
6-1, 6-1, and Wilmer Hines, of At
lanta, Ga., defaulted to Marcus Gor
don, of Berkeley.
Helen Jacobs, former national
champion, defaulted to Helen Dren
dall, of San Francisco. Miss Jacobs
has not recovered completely from a
recent illness.
BERKELEY, Sept. 27 (UP).—Jiro
Yamagishi, of Japan, defeated Alvin
Mathey, of Oakland, 6-1, 6-1, in the
first match of today's play in the
48th Pacific Coast tennis champion
ship.
Bob Hartman, of Oakland, de
feated G. Amonette, of Berkeley,
6-1, 6-1, and Wilmer Hines, of At
lanta, Ga., defaulted to Marcus Gor
don, of Berkeley.
Helen Jacobs, former national
champion, defaulted to Helen Dren
dall, of San Francisco. Miss Jacobs
has not recovered completely from a
recent illness.
BERKELEY, Sept. 27 (UP).—Jiro
Yamagishi, of Japan, defeated Alvin
Mathey, of Oakland, 6-1, 6-1, in the
first match of today's play in the
48th Pacific Coast tennis champion
ship.
Bob Hartman, of Oakland, de
feated G. Amonette, of Berkeley,
6-1, 6-1, and Wilmer Hines, of At
lanta, Ga., defaulted to Marcus Gor
don, of Berkeley.
Helen Jacobs, former national
champion, defaulted to Helen Dren
dall, of San Francisco. Miss Jacobs
has not recovered completely from a
recent illness.
BERKELEY, Sept. 27 (UP).—Jiro
Yamagishi, of Japan, defeated Alvin
Mathey, of Oakland, 6-1, 6-1, in the
first match of today's play in the
48th Pacific Coast tennis champion
ship.
Bob Hartman, of Oakland, de
feated G. Amonette, of Berkeley,
6-1, 6-1, and Wilmer Hines, of At
lanta, Ga., defaulted to Marcus Gor
don, of Berkeley.
Helen Jacobs, former national
champion, defaulted to Helen Dren
dall, of San Francisco. Miss Jacobs
has not recovered completely from a
recent illness.
