# Grad Official Resigns Post For Law Job
## Successor To Be Chosen From Applicants By Council, October 29 
### 
Resignation of Harlow P. Rothert,
prominent Stanford graduate, as sec
retary of the Stanford Alumni Asso
ciation, was accepted by the Alumni
Council at a meeting last week.
Rothert, whose resignation will be
come effective December 1, will en
ter law practice in San Francisco.
The council announced that no de
cision as to his successor will be
made before their meeting on Oc
tober 29, pending receipt of applica
tions.
A graduate of the class of 1930,
Rothert received his LL.B. degree
this year. He was a member of the
varsity football teams in 1928, 1929,
and 1930, and was a shot-putter on
the United States track team in the
1932 Olympics. He was appointed
alumni secretary in 1933, succeeding
J. E. McDowell, who is now aca
demic secretary.
Clifford Burnhill, '29, Oakland at
torney, was elected president of the
Alumni Council for 1937-38, suc
ceeding Francis Rehm, '15. First and
second vice-presidents, respectively,
will be Henry Hauser, '18, of San
Francisco, and Mrs. Roger Goodan,
'12, of Los Angeles.
J. Wesley Howell, '12, president of
the San Francisco Chamber of Com
merce, was reappointed alumni rep
resentative on the Board of Athletic
Control.
Resignation of Harlow P. Rothert,
prominent Stanford graduate, as sec
retary of the Stanford Alumni Asso
ciation, was accepted by the Alumni
Council at a meeting last week.
Rothert, whose resignation will be
come effective December 1, will en
ter law practice in San Francisco.
The council announced that no de
cision as to his successor will be
made before their meeting on Oc
tober 29, pending receipt of applica
tions.
A graduate of the class of 1930,
Rothert received his LL.B. degree
this year. He was a member of the
varsity football teams in 1928, 1929,
and 1930, and was a shot-putter on
the United States track team in the
1932 Olympics. He was appointed
alumni secretary in 1933, succeeding
J. E. McDowell, who is now aca
demic secretary.
Clifford Burnhill, '29, Oakland at
torney, was elected president of the
Alumni Council for 1937-38, suc
ceeding Francis Rehm, '15. First and
second vice-presidents, respectively,
will be Henry Hauser, '18, of San
Francisco, and Mrs. Roger Goodan,
'12, of Los Angeles.
J. Wesley Howell, '12, president of
the San Francisco Chamber of Com
merce, was reappointed alumni rep
resentative on the Board of Athletic
Control.
Resignation of Harlow P. Rothert,
prominent Stanford graduate, as sec
retary of the Stanford Alumni Asso
ciation, was accepted by the Alumni
Council at a meeting last week.
Rothert, whose resignation will be
come effective December 1, will en
ter law practice in San Francisco.
The council announced that no de
cision as to his successor will be
made before their meeting on Oc
tober 29, pending receipt of applica
tions.
A graduate of the class of 1930,
Rothert received his LL.B. degree
this year. He was a member of the
varsity football teams in 1928, 1929,
and 1930, and was a shot-putter on
the United States track team in the
1932 Olympics. He was appointed
alumni secretary in 1933, succeeding
J. E. McDowell, who is now aca
demic secretary.
Clifford Burnhill, '29, Oakland at
torney, was elected president of the
Alumni Council for 1937-38, suc
ceeding Francis Rehm, '15. First and
second vice-presidents, respectively,
will be Henry Hauser, '18, of San
Francisco, and Mrs. Roger Goodan,
'12, of Los Angeles.
J. Wesley Howell, '12, president of
the San Francisco Chamber of Com
merce, was reappointed alumni rep
resentative on the Board of Athletic
Control.
Resignation of Harlow P. Rothert,
prominent Stanford graduate, as sec
retary of the Stanford Alumni Asso
ciation, was accepted by the Alumni
Council at a meeting last week.
Rothert, whose resignation will be
come effective December 1, will en
ter law practice in San Francisco.
The council announced that no de
cision as to his successor will be
made before their meeting on Oc
tober 29, pending receipt of applica
tions.
A graduate of the class of 1930,
Rothert received his LL.B. degree
this year. He was a member of the
varsity football teams in 1928, 1929,
and 1930, and was a shot-putter on
the United States track team in the
1932 Olympics. He was appointed
alumni secretary in 1933, succeeding
J. E. McDowell, who is now aca
demic secretary.
Clifford Burnhill, '29, Oakland at
torney, was elected president of the
Alumni Council for 1937-38, suc
ceeding Francis Rehm, '15. First and
second vice-presidents, respectively,
will be Henry Hauser, '18, of San
Francisco, and Mrs. Roger Goodan,
'12, of Los Angeles.
J. Wesley Howell, '12, president of
the San Francisco Chamber of Com
merce, was reappointed alumni rep
resentative on the Board of Athletic
Control.
Resignation of Harlow P. Rothert,
prominent Stanford graduate, as sec
retary of the Stanford Alumni Asso
ciation, was accepted by the Alumni
Council at a meeting last week.
Rothert, whose resignation will be
come effective December 1, will en
ter law practice in San Francisco.
The council announced that no de
cision as to his successor will be
made before their meeting on Oc
tober 29, pending receipt of applica
tions.
A graduate of the class of 1930,
Rothert received his LL.B. degree
this year. He was a member of the
varsity football teams in 1928, 1929,
and 1930, and was a shot-putter on
the United States track team in the
1932 Olympics. He was appointed
alumni secretary in 1933, succeeding
J. E. McDowell, who is now aca
demic secretary.
Clifford Burnhill, '29, Oakland at
torney, was elected president of the
Alumni Council for 1937-38, suc
ceeding Francis Rehm, '15. First and
second vice-presidents, respectively,
will be Henry Hauser, '18, of San
Francisco, and Mrs. Roger Goodan,
'12, of Los Angeles.
J. Wesley Howell, '12, president of
the San Francisco Chamber of Com
merce, was reappointed alumni rep
resentative on the Board of Athletic
Control.
Resignation of Harlow P. Rothert,
prominent Stanford graduate, as sec
retary of the Stanford Alumni Asso
ciation, was accepted by the Alumni
Council at a meeting last week.
Rothert, whose resignation will be
come effective December 1, will en
ter law practice in San Francisco.
The council announced that no de
cision as to his successor will be
made before their meeting on Oc
tober 29, pending receipt of applica
tions.
A graduate of the class of 1930,
Rothert received his LL.B. degree
this year. He was a member of the
varsity football teams in 1928, 1929,
and 1930, and was a shot-putter on
the United States track team in the
1932 Olympics. He was appointed
alumni secretary in 1933, succeeding
J. E. McDowell, who is now aca
demic secretary.
Clifford Burnhill, '29, Oakland at
torney, was elected president of the
Alumni Council for 1937-38, suc
ceeding Francis Rehm, '15. First and
second vice-presidents, respectively,
will be Henry Hauser, '18, of San
Francisco, and Mrs. Roger Goodan,
'12, of Los Angeles.
J. Wesley Howell, '12, president of
the San Francisco Chamber of Com
merce, was reappointed alumni rep
resentative on the Board of Athletic
Control.
Resignation of Harlow P. Rothert,
prominent Stanford graduate, as sec
retary of the Stanford Alumni Asso
ciation, was accepted by the Alumni
Council at a meeting last week.
Rothert, whose resignation will be
come effective December 1, will en
ter law practice in San Francisco.
The council announced that no de
cision as to his successor will be
made before their meeting on Oc
tober 29, pending receipt of applica
tions.
A graduate of the class of 1930,
Rothert received his LL.B. degree
this year. He was a member of the
varsity football teams in 1928, 1929,
and 1930, and was a shot-putter on
the United States track team in the
1932 Olympics. He was appointed
alumni secretary in 1933, succeeding
J. E. McDowell, who is now aca
demic secretary.
Clifford Burnhill, '29, Oakland at
torney, was elected president of the
Alumni Council for 1937-38, suc
ceeding Francis Rehm, '15. First and
second vice-presidents, respectively,
will be Henry Hauser, '18, of San
Francisco, and Mrs. Roger Goodan,
'12, of Los Angeles.
J. Wesley Howell, '12, president of
the San Francisco Chamber of Com
merce, was reappointed alumni rep
resentative on the Board of Athletic
Control.
Resignation of Harlow P. Rothert,
prominent Stanford graduate, as sec
retary of the Stanford Alumni Asso
ciation, was accepted by the Alumni
Council at a meeting last week.
Rothert, whose resignation will be
come effective December 1, will en
ter law practice in San Francisco.
The council announced that no de
cision as to his successor will be
made before their meeting on Oc
tober 29, pending receipt of applica
tions.
A graduate of the class of 1930,
Rothert received his LL.B. degree
this year. He was a member of the
varsity football teams in 1928, 1929,
and 1930, and was a shot-putter on
the United States track team in the
1932 Olympics. He was appointed
alumni secretary in 1933, succeeding
J. E. McDowell, who is now aca
demic secretary.
Clifford Burnhill, '29, Oakland at
torney, was elected president of the
Alumni Council for 1937-38, suc
ceeding Francis Rehm, '15. First and
second vice-presidents, respectively,
will be Henry Hauser, '18, of San
Francisco, and Mrs. Roger Goodan,
'12, of Los Angeles.
J. Wesley Howell, '12, president of
the San Francisco Chamber of Com
merce, was reappointed alumni rep
resentative on the Board of Athletic
Control.
Resignation of Harlow P. Rothert,
prominent Stanford graduate, as sec
retary of the Stanford Alumni Asso
ciation, was accepted by the Alumni
Council at a meeting last week.
Rothert, whose resignation will be
come effective December 1, will en
ter law practice in San Francisco.
The council announced that no de
cision as to his successor will be
made before their meeting on Oc
tober 29, pending receipt of applica
tions.
A graduate of the class of 1930,
Rothert received his LL.B. degree
this year. He was a member of the
varsity football teams in 1928, 1929,
and 1930, and was a shot-putter on
the United States track team in the
1932 Olympics. He was appointed
alumni secretary in 1933, succeeding
J. E. McDowell, who is now aca
demic secretary.
Clifford Burnhill, '29, Oakland at
torney, was elected president of the
Alumni Council for 1937-38, suc
ceeding Francis Rehm, '15. First and
second vice-presidents, respectively,
will be Henry Hauser, '18, of San
Francisco, and Mrs. Roger Goodan,
'12, of Los Angeles.
J. Wesley Howell, '12, president of
the San Francisco Chamber of Com
merce, was reappointed alumni rep
resentative on the Board of Athletic
Control.
Resignation of Harlow P. Rothert,
prominent Stanford graduate, as sec
retary of the Stanford Alumni Asso
ciation, was accepted by the Alumni
Council at a meeting last week.
Rothert, whose resignation will be
come effective December 1, will en
ter law practice in San Francisco.
The council announced that no de
cision as to his successor will be
made before their meeting on Oc
tober 29, pending receipt of applica
tions.
A graduate of the class of 1930,
Rothert received his LL.B. degree
this year. He was a member of the
varsity football teams in 1928, 1929,
and 1930, and was a shot-putter on
the United States track team in the
1932 Olympics. He was appointed
alumni secretary in 1933, succeeding
J. E. McDowell, who is now aca
demic secretary.
Clifford Burnhill, '29, Oakland at
torney, was elected president of the
Alumni Council for 1937-38, suc
ceeding Francis Rehm, '15. First and
second vice-presidents, respectively,
will be Henry Hauser, '18, of San
Francisco, and Mrs. Roger Goodan,
'12, of Los Angeles.
J. Wesley Howell, '12, president of
the San Francisco Chamber of Com
merce, was reappointed alumni rep
resentative on the Board of Athletic
Control.
Resignation of Harlow P. Rothert,
prominent Stanford graduate, as sec
retary of the Stanford Alumni Asso
ciation, was accepted by the Alumni
Council at a meeting last week.
Rothert, whose resignation will be
come effective December 1, will en
ter law practice in San Francisco.
The council announced that no de
cision as to his successor will be
made before their meeting on Oc
tober 29, pending receipt of applica
tions.
A graduate of the class of 1930,
Rothert received his LL.B. degree
this year. He was a member of the
varsity football teams in 1928, 1929,
and 1930, and was a shot-putter on
the United States track team in the
1932 Olympics. He was appointed
alumni secretary in 1933, succeeding
J. E. McDowell, who is now aca
demic secretary.
Clifford Burnhill, '29, Oakland at
torney, was elected president of the
Alumni Council for 1937-38, suc
ceeding Francis Rehm, '15. First and
second vice-presidents, respectively,
will be Henry Hauser, '18, of San
Francisco, and Mrs. Roger Goodan,
'12, of Los Angeles.
J. Wesley Howell, '12, president of
the San Francisco Chamber of Com
merce, was reappointed alumni rep
resentative on the Board of Athletic
Control.
Resignation of Harlow P. Rothert,
prominent Stanford graduate, as sec
retary of the Stanford Alumni Asso
ciation, was accepted by the Alumni
Council at a meeting last week.
Rothert, whose resignation will be
come effective December 1, will en
ter law practice in San Francisco.
The council announced that no de
cision as to his successor will be
made before their meeting on Oc
tober 29, pending receipt of applica
tions.
A graduate of the class of 1930,
Rothert received his LL.B. degree
this year. He was a member of the
varsity football teams in 1928, 1929,
and 1930, and was a shot-putter on
the United States track team in the
1932 Olympics. He was appointed
alumni secretary in 1933, succeeding
J. E. McDowell, who is now aca
demic secretary.
Clifford Burnhill, '29, Oakland at
torney, was elected president of the
Alumni Council for 1937-38, suc
ceeding Francis Rehm, '15. First and
second vice-presidents, respectively,
will be Henry Hauser, '18, of San
Francisco, and Mrs. Roger Goodan,
'12, of Los Angeles.
J. Wesley Howell, '12, president of
the San Francisco Chamber of Com
merce, was reappointed alumni rep
resentative on the Board of Athletic
Control.
Resignation of Harlow P. Rothert,
prominent Stanford graduate, as sec
retary of the Stanford Alumni Asso
ciation, was accepted by the Alumni
Council at a meeting last week.
Rothert, whose resignation will be
come effective December 1, will en
ter law practice in San Francisco.
The council announced that no de
cision as to his successor will be
made before their meeting on Oc
tober 29, pending receipt of applica
tions.
A graduate of the class of 1930,
Rothert received his LL.B. degree
this year. He was a member of the
varsity football teams in 1928, 1929,
and 1930, and was a shot-putter on
the United States track team in the
1932 Olympics. He was appointed
alumni secretary in 1933, succeeding
J. E. McDowell, who is now aca
demic secretary.
Clifford Burnhill, '29, Oakland at
torney, was elected president of the
Alumni Council for 1937-38, suc
ceeding Francis Rehm, '15. First and
second vice-presidents, respectively,
will be Henry Hauser, '18, of San
Francisco, and Mrs. Roger Goodan,
'12, of Los Angeles.
J. Wesley Howell, '12, president of
the San Francisco Chamber of Com
merce, was reappointed alumni rep
resentative on the Board of Athletic
Control.
Resignation of Harlow P. Rothert,
prominent Stanford graduate, as sec
retary of the Stanford Alumni Asso
ciation, was accepted by the Alumni
Council at a meeting last week.
Rothert, whose resignation will be
come effective December 1, will en
ter law practice in San Francisco.
The council announced that no de
cision as to his successor will be
made before their meeting on Oc
tober 29, pending receipt of applica
tions.
A graduate of the class of 1930,
Rothert received his LL.B. degree
this year. He was a member of the
varsity football teams in 1928, 1929,
and 1930, and was a shot-putter on
the United States track team in the
1932 Olympics. He was appointed
alumni secretary in 1933, succeeding
J. E. McDowell, who is now aca
demic secretary.
Clifford Burnhill, '29, Oakland at
torney, was elected president of the
Alumni Council for 1937-38, suc
ceeding Francis Rehm, '15. First and
second vice-presidents, respectively,
will be Henry Hauser, '18, of San
Francisco, and Mrs. Roger Goodan,
'12, of Los Angeles.
J. Wesley Howell, '12, president of
the San Francisco Chamber of Com
merce, was reappointed alumni rep
resentative on the Board of Athletic
Control.
Resignation of Harlow P. Rothert,
prominent Stanford graduate, as sec
retary of the Stanford Alumni Asso
ciation, was accepted by the Alumni
Council at a meeting last week.
Rothert, whose resignation will be
come effective December 1, will en
ter law practice in San Francisco.
The council announced that no de
cision as to his successor will be
made before their meeting on Oc
tober 29, pending receipt of applica
tions.
A graduate of the class of 1930,
Rothert received his LL.B. degree
this year. He was a member of the
varsity football teams in 1928, 1929,
and 1930, and was a shot-putter on
the United States track team in the
1932 Olympics. He was appointed
alumni secretary in 1933, succeeding
J. E. McDowell, who is now aca
demic secretary.
Clifford Burnhill, '29, Oakland at
torney, was elected president of the
Alumni Council for 1937-38, suc
ceeding Francis Rehm, '15. First and
second vice-presidents, respectively,
will be Henry Hauser, '18, of San
Francisco, and Mrs. Roger Goodan,
'12, of Los Angeles.
J. Wesley Howell, '12, president of
the San Francisco Chamber of Com
merce, was reappointed alumni rep
resentative on the Board of Athletic
Control.
