# Applications Due For NYA Work
## 
### 
All students desiring to apply for
NYA work must have a C plus aver
age, and must fill out the new ap
plication forms, according to Mrs.
Irene Coverley, head of appointment
service.
The amount a student can earn is
limited to an average of $15 per
month for the academic year, and
students who have reached their
25th birthday are ineligible to re
ceive aid.
Time cards will again be on a
weekly basis this year, and it will
be up to the students to turn in
their time sheets to the accounting
department by 5 o'clock Monday
afternoons.
Faculty members are requested to
obtain a copy of NYA instructions
and to submit their requests for
projects and students in writing.
SAN MATEO. Sept. 27 (U.R).â€”De
spite heroic efforts to save him,
Charles Doherty, 37, San Francisco,
was drowned at Pedro Beach near
here yesterday.
