# Thief Steals Guns; Due for Surprise
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 27 (U.R).
—A display of revolvers in the win
dow of an uptown .store proved too
tempting for a thief today. Break
ing the window, he took three, hut
he's going to be surprised when he
tries to use them.
One shoots only blank cartridges,
another discharges a stream of wa
ter, and the third expels air only.
The shop was the Far West Hobby
Store.
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 27 (U.R).
—A display of revolvers in the win
dow of an uptown .store proved too
tempting for a thief today. Break
ing the window, he took three, hut
he's going to be surprised when he
tries to use them.
One shoots only blank cartridges,
another discharges a stream of wa
ter, and the third expels air only.
The shop was the Far West Hobby
Store.
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 27 (U.R).
—A display of revolvers in the win
dow of an uptown .store proved too
tempting for a thief today. Break
ing the window, he took three, hut
he's going to be surprised when he
tries to use them.
One shoots only blank cartridges,
another discharges a stream of wa
ter, and the third expels air only.
The shop was the Far West Hobby
Store.
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 27 (U.R).
—A display of revolvers in the win
dow of an uptown .store proved too
tempting for a thief today. Break
ing the window, he took three, hut
he's going to be surprised when he
tries to use them.
One shoots only blank cartridges,
another discharges a stream of wa
ter, and the third expels air only.
The shop was the Far West Hobby
Store.
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 27 (U.R).
—A display of revolvers in the win
dow of an uptown .store proved too
tempting for a thief today. Break
ing the window, he took three, hut
he's going to be surprised when he
tries to use them.
One shoots only blank cartridges,
another discharges a stream of wa
ter, and the third expels air only.
The shop was the Far West Hobby
Store.
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 27 (U.R).
—A display of revolvers in the win
dow of an uptown .store proved too
tempting for a thief today. Break
ing the window, he took three, hut
he's going to be surprised when he
tries to use them.
One shoots only blank cartridges,
another discharges a stream of wa
ter, and the third expels air only.
The shop was the Far West Hobby
Store.
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 27 (U.R).
—A display of revolvers in the win
dow of an uptown .store proved too
tempting for a thief today. Break
ing the window, he took three, hut
he's going to be surprised when he
tries to use them.
One shoots only blank cartridges,
another discharges a stream of wa
ter, and the third expels air only.
The shop was the Far West Hobby
Store.
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 27 (U.R).
—A display of revolvers in the win
dow of an uptown .store proved too
tempting for a thief today. Break
ing the window, he took three, hut
he's going to be surprised when he
tries to use them.
One shoots only blank cartridges,
another discharges a stream of wa
ter, and the third expels air only.
The shop was the Far West Hobby
Store.
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 27 (U.R).
—A display of revolvers in the win
dow of an uptown .store proved too
tempting for a thief today. Break
ing the window, he took three, hut
he's going to be surprised when he
tries to use them.
One shoots only blank cartridges,
another discharges a stream of wa
ter, and the third expels air only.
The shop was the Far West Hobby
Store.
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 27 (U.R).
—A display of revolvers in the win
dow of an uptown .store proved too
tempting for a thief today. Break
ing the window, he took three, hut
he's going to be surprised when he
tries to use them.
One shoots only blank cartridges,
another discharges a stream of wa
ter, and the third expels air only.
The shop was the Far West Hobby
Store.
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 27 (U.R).
—A display of revolvers in the win
dow of an uptown .store proved too
tempting for a thief today. Break
ing the window, he took three, hut
he's going to be surprised when he
tries to use them.
One shoots only blank cartridges,
another discharges a stream of wa
ter, and the third expels air only.
The shop was the Far West Hobby
Store.
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 27 (U.R).
—A display of revolvers in the win
dow of an uptown .store proved too
tempting for a thief today. Break
ing the window, he took three, hut
he's going to be surprised when he
tries to use them.
One shoots only blank cartridges,
another discharges a stream of wa
ter, and the third expels air only.
The shop was the Far West Hobby
Store.
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 27 (U.R).
—A display of revolvers in the win
dow of an uptown .store proved too
tempting for a thief today. Break
ing the window, he took three, hut
he's going to be surprised when he
tries to use them.
One shoots only blank cartridges,
another discharges a stream of wa
ter, and the third expels air only.
The shop was the Far West Hobby
Store.
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 27 (U.R).
—A display of revolvers in the win
dow of an uptown .store proved too
tempting for a thief today. Break
ing the window, he took three, hut
he's going to be surprised when he
tries to use them.
One shoots only blank cartridges,
another discharges a stream of wa
ter, and the third expels air only.
The shop was the Far West Hobby
Store.
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 27 (U.R).
—A display of revolvers in the win
dow of an uptown .store proved too
tempting for a thief today. Break
ing the window, he took three, hut
he's going to be surprised when he
tries to use them.
One shoots only blank cartridges,
another discharges a stream of wa
ter, and the third expels air only.
The shop was the Far West Hobby
Store.
