# 4000 Students Theme of Quad
## Pictures Important In 1938 Annual 
### 
Stanford's 4000 rather than her
politically active 200 will be played
up in this year's Quad, according to
George McKenna, editor of the an
nual.
First draft of the Quad makes it a
modern picture book, a pictorial rec
ord of 1937-38 on the Farm. Says
McKenna, "Themes are things of the
past so we aren't going to have one—
just bigger and better pictures."
Special Offer
A pre-reg special, ending today,
offers subscriptions for the book for
$5.15. Regular price is $5.67. Sales
men are stationed in front of the Ad
building.
In addition to larger pictures, there
will be more close-ups in both single
and group photographs. Pictures in
the senior section and in fraternity,
sorority, and living group divisions
will be twice the size of last year's.
Athletics will be emphasized, with a
two-page display for the Big Game.
Every layout in the book will be dif
ferent.
Staffs to Meet
Both the editorial and the business
staffs will meet at 7 o clock Thurs
day night in the Quad office. Sev
eral positions on the staff still are
open, principally for typing work,
and anyone interested bay attend the
and anyone interested may attend the
the photography staff, with a newly
equipped dark room held out as an
incentive to tryoutees.
An all - campus picture contest,
with prizes for the best entries, is
planned for later in the quarter.

McKenna's top assistants are four
junior editors, Dolly Hyatt, Maxine
Dailey, Frank Lippman, and Burt
Maynard. Business manager Min
thorne Tompkins heads the business
stall.
Junior managers are Lyle Cook,
in charge of San Francisco advertis
ing; Quentin Birchard, circulation
manager; Margaret Hale, office man
ager; and Ruth Bloch, Palo Alto
advertising.
Stanford's 4000 rather than her
politically active 200 will be played
up in this year's Quad, according to
George McKenna, editor of the an
nual.
First draft of the Quad makes it a
modern picture book, a pictorial rec
ord of 1937-38 on the Farm. Says
McKenna, "Themes are things of the
past so we aren't going to have one—
just bigger and better pictures."
Special Offer
A pre-reg special, ending today,
offers subscriptions for the book for
$5.15. Regular price is $5.67. Sales
men are stationed in front of the Ad
building.
In addition to larger pictures, there
will be more close-ups in both single
and group photographs. Pictures in
the senior section and in fraternity,
sorority, and living group divisions
will be twice the size of last year's.
Athletics will be emphasized, with a
two-page display for the Big Game.
Every layout in the book will be dif
ferent.
Staffs to Meet
Both the editorial and the business
staffs will meet at 7 o clock Thurs
day night in the Quad office. Sev
eral positions on the staff still are
open, principally for typing work,
and anyone interested bay attend the
and anyone interested may attend the
the photography staff, with a newly
equipped dark room held out as an
incentive to tryoutees.
An all - campus picture contest,
with prizes for the best entries, is
planned for later in the quarter.

McKenna's top assistants are four
junior editors, Dolly Hyatt, Maxine
Dailey, Frank Lippman, and Burt
Maynard. Business manager Min
thorne Tompkins heads the business
stall.
Junior managers are Lyle Cook,
in charge of San Francisco advertis
ing; Quentin Birchard, circulation
manager; Margaret Hale, office man
ager; and Ruth Bloch, Palo Alto
advertising.
Stanford's 4000 rather than her
politically active 200 will be played
up in this year's Quad, according to
George McKenna, editor of the an
nual.
First draft of the Quad makes it a
modern picture book, a pictorial rec
ord of 1937-38 on the Farm. Says
McKenna, "Themes are things of the
past so we aren't going to have one—
just bigger and better pictures."
Special Offer
A pre-reg special, ending today,
offers subscriptions for the book for
$5.15. Regular price is $5.67. Sales
men are stationed in front of the Ad
building.
In addition to larger pictures, there
will be more close-ups in both single
and group photographs. Pictures in
the senior section and in fraternity,
sorority, and living group divisions
will be twice the size of last year's.
Athletics will be emphasized, with a
two-page display for the Big Game.
Every layout in the book will be dif
ferent.
Staffs to Meet
Both the editorial and the business
staffs will meet at 7 o clock Thurs
day night in the Quad office. Sev
eral positions on the staff still are
open, principally for typing work,
and anyone interested bay attend the
and anyone interested may attend the
the photography staff, with a newly
equipped dark room held out as an
incentive to tryoutees.
An all - campus picture contest,
with prizes for the best entries, is
planned for later in the quarter.

McKenna's top assistants are four
junior editors, Dolly Hyatt, Maxine
Dailey, Frank Lippman, and Burt
Maynard. Business manager Min
thorne Tompkins heads the business
stall.
Junior managers are Lyle Cook,
in charge of San Francisco advertis
ing; Quentin Birchard, circulation
manager; Margaret Hale, office man
ager; and Ruth Bloch, Palo Alto
advertising.
Stanford's 4000 rather than her
politically active 200 will be played
up in this year's Quad, according to
George McKenna, editor of the an
nual.
First draft of the Quad makes it a
modern picture book, a pictorial rec
ord of 1937-38 on the Farm. Says
McKenna, "Themes are things of the
past so we aren't going to have one—
just bigger and better pictures."
Special Offer
A pre-reg special, ending today,
offers subscriptions for the book for
$5.15. Regular price is $5.67. Sales
men are stationed in front of the Ad
building.
In addition to larger pictures, there
will be more close-ups in both single
and group photographs. Pictures in
the senior section and in fraternity,
sorority, and living group divisions
will be twice the size of last year's.
Athletics will be emphasized, with a
two-page display for the Big Game.
Every layout in the book will be dif
ferent.
Staffs to Meet
Both the editorial and the business
staffs will meet at 7 o clock Thurs
day night in the Quad office. Sev
eral positions on the staff still are
open, principally for typing work,
and anyone interested bay attend the
and anyone interested may attend the
the photography staff, with a newly
equipped dark room held out as an
incentive to tryoutees.
An all - campus picture contest,
with prizes for the best entries, is
planned for later in the quarter.

McKenna's top assistants are four
junior editors, Dolly Hyatt, Maxine
Dailey, Frank Lippman, and Burt
Maynard. Business manager Min
thorne Tompkins heads the business
stall.
Junior managers are Lyle Cook,
in charge of San Francisco advertis
ing; Quentin Birchard, circulation
manager; Margaret Hale, office man
ager; and Ruth Bloch, Palo Alto
advertising.
Stanford's 4000 rather than her
politically active 200 will be played
up in this year's Quad, according to
George McKenna, editor of the an
nual.
First draft of the Quad makes it a
modern picture book, a pictorial rec
ord of 1937-38 on the Farm. Says
McKenna, "Themes are things of the
past so we aren't going to have one—
just bigger and better pictures."
Special Offer
A pre-reg special, ending today,
offers subscriptions for the book for
$5.15. Regular price is $5.67. Sales
men are stationed in front of the Ad
building.
In addition to larger pictures, there
will be more close-ups in both single
and group photographs. Pictures in
the senior section and in fraternity,
sorority, and living group divisions
will be twice the size of last year's.
Athletics will be emphasized, with a
two-page display for the Big Game.
Every layout in the book will be dif
ferent.
Staffs to Meet
Both the editorial and the business
staffs will meet at 7 o clock Thurs
day night in the Quad office. Sev
eral positions on the staff still are
open, principally for typing work,
and anyone interested bay attend the
and anyone interested may attend the
the photography staff, with a newly
equipped dark room held out as an
incentive to tryoutees.
An all - campus picture contest,
with prizes for the best entries, is
planned for later in the quarter.

McKenna's top assistants are four
junior editors, Dolly Hyatt, Maxine
Dailey, Frank Lippman, and Burt
Maynard. Business manager Min
thorne Tompkins heads the business
stall.
Junior managers are Lyle Cook,
in charge of San Francisco advertis
ing; Quentin Birchard, circulation
manager; Margaret Hale, office man
ager; and Ruth Bloch, Palo Alto
advertising.
Stanford's 4000 rather than her
politically active 200 will be played
up in this year's Quad, according to
George McKenna, editor of the an
nual.
First draft of the Quad makes it a
modern picture book, a pictorial rec
ord of 1937-38 on the Farm. Says
McKenna, "Themes are things of the
past so we aren't going to have one—
just bigger and better pictures."
Special Offer
A pre-reg special, ending today,
offers subscriptions for the book for
$5.15. Regular price is $5.67. Sales
men are stationed in front of the Ad
building.
In addition to larger pictures, there
will be more close-ups in both single
and group photographs. Pictures in
the senior section and in fraternity,
sorority, and living group divisions
will be twice the size of last year's.
Athletics will be emphasized, with a
two-page display for the Big Game.
Every layout in the book will be dif
ferent.
Staffs to Meet
Both the editorial and the business
staffs will meet at 7 o clock Thurs
day night in the Quad office. Sev
eral positions on the staff still are
open, principally for typing work,
and anyone interested bay attend the
and anyone interested may attend the
the photography staff, with a newly
equipped dark room held out as an
incentive to tryoutees.
An all - campus picture contest,
with prizes for the best entries, is
planned for later in the quarter.

McKenna's top assistants are four
junior editors, Dolly Hyatt, Maxine
Dailey, Frank Lippman, and Burt
Maynard. Business manager Min
thorne Tompkins heads the business
stall.
Junior managers are Lyle Cook,
in charge of San Francisco advertis
ing; Quentin Birchard, circulation
manager; Margaret Hale, office man
ager; and Ruth Bloch, Palo Alto
advertising.
Stanford's 4000 rather than her
politically active 200 will be played
up in this year's Quad, according to
George McKenna, editor of the an
nual.
First draft of the Quad makes it a
modern picture book, a pictorial rec
ord of 1937-38 on the Farm. Says
McKenna, "Themes are things of the
past so we aren't going to have one—
just bigger and better pictures."
Special Offer
A pre-reg special, ending today,
offers subscriptions for the book for
$5.15. Regular price is $5.67. Sales
men are stationed in front of the Ad
building.
In addition to larger pictures, there
will be more close-ups in both single
and group photographs. Pictures in
the senior section and in fraternity,
sorority, and living group divisions
will be twice the size of last year's.
Athletics will be emphasized, with a
two-page display for the Big Game.
Every layout in the book will be dif
ferent.
Staffs to Meet
Both the editorial and the business
staffs will meet at 7 o clock Thurs
day night in the Quad office. Sev
eral positions on the staff still are
open, principally for typing work,
and anyone interested bay attend the
and anyone interested may attend the
the photography staff, with a newly
equipped dark room held out as an
incentive to tryoutees.
An all - campus picture contest,
with prizes for the best entries, is
planned for later in the quarter.

McKenna's top assistants are four
junior editors, Dolly Hyatt, Maxine
Dailey, Frank Lippman, and Burt
Maynard. Business manager Min
thorne Tompkins heads the business
stall.
Junior managers are Lyle Cook,
in charge of San Francisco advertis
ing; Quentin Birchard, circulation
manager; Margaret Hale, office man
ager; and Ruth Bloch, Palo Alto
advertising.
Stanford's 4000 rather than her
politically active 200 will be played
up in this year's Quad, according to
George McKenna, editor of the an
nual.
First draft of the Quad makes it a
modern picture book, a pictorial rec
ord of 1937-38 on the Farm. Says
McKenna, "Themes are things of the
past so we aren't going to have one—
just bigger and better pictures."
Special Offer
A pre-reg special, ending today,
offers subscriptions for the book for
$5.15. Regular price is $5.67. Sales
men are stationed in front of the Ad
building.
In addition to larger pictures, there
will be more close-ups in both single
and group photographs. Pictures in
the senior section and in fraternity,
sorority, and living group divisions
will be twice the size of last year's.
Athletics will be emphasized, with a
two-page display for the Big Game.
Every layout in the book will be dif
ferent.
Staffs to Meet
Both the editorial and the business
staffs will meet at 7 o clock Thurs
day night in the Quad office. Sev
eral positions on the staff still are
open, principally for typing work,
and anyone interested bay attend the
and anyone interested may attend the
the photography staff, with a newly
equipped dark room held out as an
incentive to tryoutees.
An all - campus picture contest,
with prizes for the best entries, is
planned for later in the quarter.

McKenna's top assistants are four
junior editors, Dolly Hyatt, Maxine
Dailey, Frank Lippman, and Burt
Maynard. Business manager Min
thorne Tompkins heads the business
stall.
Junior managers are Lyle Cook,
in charge of San Francisco advertis
ing; Quentin Birchard, circulation
manager; Margaret Hale, office man
ager; and Ruth Bloch, Palo Alto
advertising.
Stanford's 4000 rather than her
politically active 200 will be played
up in this year's Quad, according to
George McKenna, editor of the an
nual.
First draft of the Quad makes it a
modern picture book, a pictorial rec
ord of 1937-38 on the Farm. Says
McKenna, "Themes are things of the
past so we aren't going to have one—
just bigger and better pictures."
Special Offer
A pre-reg special, ending today,
offers subscriptions for the book for
$5.15. Regular price is $5.67. Sales
men are stationed in front of the Ad
building.
In addition to larger pictures, there
will be more close-ups in both single
and group photographs. Pictures in
the senior section and in fraternity,
sorority, and living group divisions
will be twice the size of last year's.
Athletics will be emphasized, with a
two-page display for the Big Game.
Every layout in the book will be dif
ferent.
Staffs to Meet
Both the editorial and the business
staffs will meet at 7 o clock Thurs
day night in the Quad office. Sev
eral positions on the staff still are
open, principally for typing work,
and anyone interested bay attend the
and anyone interested may attend the
the photography staff, with a newly
equipped dark room held out as an
incentive to tryoutees.
An all - campus picture contest,
with prizes for the best entries, is
planned for later in the quarter.

McKenna's top assistants are four
junior editors, Dolly Hyatt, Maxine
Dailey, Frank Lippman, and Burt
Maynard. Business manager Min
thorne Tompkins heads the business
stall.
Junior managers are Lyle Cook,
in charge of San Francisco advertis
ing; Quentin Birchard, circulation
manager; Margaret Hale, office man
ager; and Ruth Bloch, Palo Alto
advertising.
Stanford's 4000 rather than her
politically active 200 will be played
up in this year's Quad, according to
George McKenna, editor of the an
nual.
First draft of the Quad makes it a
modern picture book, a pictorial rec
ord of 1937-38 on the Farm. Says
McKenna, "Themes are things of the
past so we aren't going to have one—
just bigger and better pictures."
Special Offer
A pre-reg special, ending today,
offers subscriptions for the book for
$5.15. Regular price is $5.67. Sales
men are stationed in front of the Ad
building.
In addition to larger pictures, there
will be more close-ups in both single
and group photographs. Pictures in
the senior section and in fraternity,
sorority, and living group divisions
will be twice the size of last year's.
Athletics will be emphasized, with a
two-page display for the Big Game.
Every layout in the book will be dif
ferent.
Staffs to Meet
Both the editorial and the business
staffs will meet at 7 o clock Thurs
day night in the Quad office. Sev
eral positions on the staff still are
open, principally for typing work,
and anyone interested bay attend the
and anyone interested may attend the
the photography staff, with a newly
equipped dark room held out as an
incentive to tryoutees.
An all - campus picture contest,
with prizes for the best entries, is
planned for later in the quarter.

McKenna's top assistants are four
junior editors, Dolly Hyatt, Maxine
Dailey, Frank Lippman, and Burt
Maynard. Business manager Min
thorne Tompkins heads the business
stall.
Junior managers are Lyle Cook,
in charge of San Francisco advertis
ing; Quentin Birchard, circulation
manager; Margaret Hale, office man
ager; and Ruth Bloch, Palo Alto
advertising.
Stanford's 4000 rather than her
politically active 200 will be played
up in this year's Quad, according to
George McKenna, editor of the an
nual.
First draft of the Quad makes it a
modern picture book, a pictorial rec
ord of 1937-38 on the Farm. Says
McKenna, "Themes are things of the
past so we aren't going to have one—
just bigger and better pictures."
Special Offer
A pre-reg special, ending today,
offers subscriptions for the book for
$5.15. Regular price is $5.67. Sales
men are stationed in front of the Ad
building.
In addition to larger pictures, there
will be more close-ups in both single
and group photographs. Pictures in
the senior section and in fraternity,
sorority, and living group divisions
will be twice the size of last year's.
Athletics will be emphasized, with a
two-page display for the Big Game.
Every layout in the book will be dif
ferent.
Staffs to Meet
Both the editorial and the business
staffs will meet at 7 o clock Thurs
day night in the Quad office. Sev
eral positions on the staff still are
open, principally for typing work,
and anyone interested bay attend the
and anyone interested may attend the
the photography staff, with a newly
equipped dark room held out as an
incentive to tryoutees.
An all - campus picture contest,
with prizes for the best entries, is
planned for later in the quarter.

McKenna's top assistants are four
junior editors, Dolly Hyatt, Maxine
Dailey, Frank Lippman, and Burt
Maynard. Business manager Min
thorne Tompkins heads the business
stall.
Junior managers are Lyle Cook,
in charge of San Francisco advertis
ing; Quentin Birchard, circulation
manager; Margaret Hale, office man
ager; and Ruth Bloch, Palo Alto
advertising.
Stanford's 4000 rather than her
politically active 200 will be played
up in this year's Quad, according to
George McKenna, editor of the an
nual.
First draft of the Quad makes it a
modern picture book, a pictorial rec
ord of 1937-38 on the Farm. Says
McKenna, "Themes are things of the
past so we aren't going to have one—
just bigger and better pictures."
Special Offer
A pre-reg special, ending today,
offers subscriptions for the book for
$5.15. Regular price is $5.67. Sales
men are stationed in front of the Ad
building.
In addition to larger pictures, there
will be more close-ups in both single
and group photographs. Pictures in
the senior section and in fraternity,
sorority, and living group divisions
will be twice the size of last year's.
Athletics will be emphasized, with a
two-page display for the Big Game.
Every layout in the book will be dif
ferent.
Staffs to Meet
Both the editorial and the business
staffs will meet at 7 o clock Thurs
day night in the Quad office. Sev
eral positions on the staff still are
open, principally for typing work,
and anyone interested bay attend the
and anyone interested may attend the
the photography staff, with a newly
equipped dark room held out as an
incentive to tryoutees.
An all - campus picture contest,
with prizes for the best entries, is
planned for later in the quarter.

McKenna's top assistants are four
junior editors, Dolly Hyatt, Maxine
Dailey, Frank Lippman, and Burt
Maynard. Business manager Min
thorne Tompkins heads the business
stall.
Junior managers are Lyle Cook,
in charge of San Francisco advertis
ing; Quentin Birchard, circulation
manager; Margaret Hale, office man
ager; and Ruth Bloch, Palo Alto
advertising.
Stanford's 4000 rather than her
politically active 200 will be played
up in this year's Quad, according to
George McKenna, editor of the an
nual.
First draft of the Quad makes it a
modern picture book, a pictorial rec
ord of 1937-38 on the Farm. Says
McKenna, "Themes are things of the
past so we aren't going to have one—
just bigger and better pictures."
Special Offer
A pre-reg special, ending today,
offers subscriptions for the book for
$5.15. Regular price is $5.67. Sales
men are stationed in front of the Ad
building.
In addition to larger pictures, there
will be more close-ups in both single
and group photographs. Pictures in
the senior section and in fraternity,
sorority, and living group divisions
will be twice the size of last year's.
Athletics will be emphasized, with a
two-page display for the Big Game.
Every layout in the book will be dif
ferent.
Staffs to Meet
Both the editorial and the business
staffs will meet at 7 o clock Thurs
day night in the Quad office. Sev
eral positions on the staff still are
open, principally for typing work,
and anyone interested bay attend the
and anyone interested may attend the
the photography staff, with a newly
equipped dark room held out as an
incentive to tryoutees.
An all - campus picture contest,
with prizes for the best entries, is
planned for later in the quarter.

McKenna's top assistants are four
junior editors, Dolly Hyatt, Maxine
Dailey, Frank Lippman, and Burt
Maynard. Business manager Min
thorne Tompkins heads the business
stall.
Junior managers are Lyle Cook,
in charge of San Francisco advertis
ing; Quentin Birchard, circulation
manager; Margaret Hale, office man
ager; and Ruth Bloch, Palo Alto
advertising.
Stanford's 4000 rather than her
politically active 200 will be played
up in this year's Quad, according to
George McKenna, editor of the an
nual.
First draft of the Quad makes it a
modern picture book, a pictorial rec
ord of 1937-38 on the Farm. Says
McKenna, "Themes are things of the
past so we aren't going to have one—
just bigger and better pictures."
Special Offer
A pre-reg special, ending today,
offers subscriptions for the book for
$5.15. Regular price is $5.67. Sales
men are stationed in front of the Ad
building.
In addition to larger pictures, there
will be more close-ups in both single
and group photographs. Pictures in
the senior section and in fraternity,
sorority, and living group divisions
will be twice the size of last year's.
Athletics will be emphasized, with a
two-page display for the Big Game.
Every layout in the book will be dif
ferent.
Staffs to Meet
Both the editorial and the business
staffs will meet at 7 o clock Thurs
day night in the Quad office. Sev
eral positions on the staff still are
open, principally for typing work,
and anyone interested bay attend the
and anyone interested may attend the
the photography staff, with a newly
equipped dark room held out as an
incentive to tryoutees.
An all - campus picture contest,
with prizes for the best entries, is
planned for later in the quarter.

McKenna's top assistants are four
junior editors, Dolly Hyatt, Maxine
Dailey, Frank Lippman, and Burt
Maynard. Business manager Min
thorne Tompkins heads the business
stall.
Junior managers are Lyle Cook,
in charge of San Francisco advertis
ing; Quentin Birchard, circulation
manager; Margaret Hale, office man
ager; and Ruth Bloch, Palo Alto
advertising.
Stanford's 4000 rather than her
politically active 200 will be played
up in this year's Quad, according to
George McKenna, editor of the an
nual.
First draft of the Quad makes it a
modern picture book, a pictorial rec
ord of 1937-38 on the Farm. Says
McKenna, "Themes are things of the
past so we aren't going to have one—
just bigger and better pictures."
Special Offer
A pre-reg special, ending today,
offers subscriptions for the book for
$5.15. Regular price is $5.67. Sales
men are stationed in front of the Ad
building.
In addition to larger pictures, there
will be more close-ups in both single
and group photographs. Pictures in
the senior section and in fraternity,
sorority, and living group divisions
will be twice the size of last year's.
Athletics will be emphasized, with a
two-page display for the Big Game.
Every layout in the book will be dif
ferent.
Staffs to Meet
Both the editorial and the business
staffs will meet at 7 o clock Thurs
day night in the Quad office. Sev
eral positions on the staff still are
open, principally for typing work,
and anyone interested bay attend the
and anyone interested may attend the
the photography staff, with a newly
equipped dark room held out as an
incentive to tryoutees.
An all - campus picture contest,
with prizes for the best entries, is
planned for later in the quarter.

McKenna's top assistants are four
junior editors, Dolly Hyatt, Maxine
Dailey, Frank Lippman, and Burt
Maynard. Business manager Min
thorne Tompkins heads the business
stall.
Junior managers are Lyle Cook,
in charge of San Francisco advertis
ing; Quentin Birchard, circulation
manager; Margaret Hale, office man
ager; and Ruth Bloch, Palo Alto
advertising.
