# POMONAN KILLS SELF
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 27 (UP).
—Police said yesterday that Merle At
Gates, 18, Pomona, committed sui
cide by shooting himself in the head
in the basement of his estranged
wife's home.

SAN FRANCISCO, Sept 27 (UP).
—Police yesterday nought to identi
fy the body of a man, about 60,
found hanging from a tree in Cal
vary cemetery here yesterday. Offi
cers said the man apparently had
committed suicide.
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 27 (UP).
—Police said yesterday that Merle At
Gates, 18, Pomona, committed sui
cide by shooting himself in the head
in the basement of his estranged
wife's home.

SAN FRANCISCO, Sept 27 (UP).
—Police yesterday nought to identi
fy the body of a man, about 60,
found hanging from a tree in Cal
vary cemetery here yesterday. Offi
cers said the man apparently had
committed suicide.
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 27 (UP).
—Police said yesterday that Merle At
Gates, 18, Pomona, committed sui
cide by shooting himself in the head
in the basement of his estranged
wife's home.

SAN FRANCISCO, Sept 27 (UP).
—Police yesterday nought to identi
fy the body of a man, about 60,
found hanging from a tree in Cal
vary cemetery here yesterday. Offi
cers said the man apparently had
committed suicide.
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 27 (UP).
—Police said yesterday that Merle At
Gates, 18, Pomona, committed sui
cide by shooting himself in the head
in the basement of his estranged
wife's home.

SAN FRANCISCO, Sept 27 (UP).
—Police yesterday nought to identi
fy the body of a man, about 60,
found hanging from a tree in Cal
vary cemetery here yesterday. Offi
cers said the man apparently had
committed suicide.
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 27 (UP).
—Police said yesterday that Merle At
Gates, 18, Pomona, committed sui
cide by shooting himself in the head
in the basement of his estranged
wife's home.

SAN FRANCISCO, Sept 27 (UP).
—Police yesterday nought to identi
fy the body of a man, about 60,
found hanging from a tree in Cal
vary cemetery here yesterday. Offi
cers said the man apparently had
committed suicide.
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 27 (UP).
—Police said yesterday that Merle At
Gates, 18, Pomona, committed sui
cide by shooting himself in the head
in the basement of his estranged
wife's home.

SAN FRANCISCO, Sept 27 (UP).
—Police yesterday nought to identi
fy the body of a man, about 60,
found hanging from a tree in Cal
vary cemetery here yesterday. Offi
cers said the man apparently had
committed suicide.
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 27 (UP).
—Police said yesterday that Merle At
Gates, 18, Pomona, committed sui
cide by shooting himself in the head
in the basement of his estranged
wife's home.

SAN FRANCISCO, Sept 27 (UP).
—Police yesterday nought to identi
fy the body of a man, about 60,
found hanging from a tree in Cal
vary cemetery here yesterday. Offi
cers said the man apparently had
committed suicide.
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 27 (UP).
—Police said yesterday that Merle At
Gates, 18, Pomona, committed sui
cide by shooting himself in the head
in the basement of his estranged
wife's home.

SAN FRANCISCO, Sept 27 (UP).
—Police yesterday nought to identi
fy the body of a man, about 60,
found hanging from a tree in Cal
vary cemetery here yesterday. Offi
cers said the man apparently had
committed suicide.
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 27 (UP).
—Police said yesterday that Merle At
Gates, 18, Pomona, committed sui
cide by shooting himself in the head
in the basement of his estranged
wife's home.

SAN FRANCISCO, Sept 27 (UP).
—Police yesterday nought to identi
fy the body of a man, about 60,
found hanging from a tree in Cal
vary cemetery here yesterday. Offi
cers said the man apparently had
committed suicide.
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 27 (UP).
—Police said yesterday that Merle At
Gates, 18, Pomona, committed sui
cide by shooting himself in the head
in the basement of his estranged
wife's home.

SAN FRANCISCO, Sept 27 (UP).
—Police yesterday nought to identi
fy the body of a man, about 60,
found hanging from a tree in Cal
vary cemetery here yesterday. Offi
cers said the man apparently had
committed suicide.
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 27 (UP).
—Police said yesterday that Merle At
Gates, 18, Pomona, committed sui
cide by shooting himself in the head
in the basement of his estranged
wife's home.

SAN FRANCISCO, Sept 27 (UP).
—Police yesterday nought to identi
fy the body of a man, about 60,
found hanging from a tree in Cal
vary cemetery here yesterday. Offi
cers said the man apparently had
committed suicide.
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 27 (UP).
—Police said yesterday that Merle At
Gates, 18, Pomona, committed sui
cide by shooting himself in the head
in the basement of his estranged
wife's home.

SAN FRANCISCO, Sept 27 (UP).
—Police yesterday nought to identi
fy the body of a man, about 60,
found hanging from a tree in Cal
vary cemetery here yesterday. Offi
cers said the man apparently had
committed suicide.
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 27 (UP).
—Police said yesterday that Merle At
Gates, 18, Pomona, committed sui
cide by shooting himself in the head
in the basement of his estranged
wife's home.

SAN FRANCISCO, Sept 27 (UP).
—Police yesterday nought to identi
fy the body of a man, about 60,
found hanging from a tree in Cal
vary cemetery here yesterday. Offi
cers said the man apparently had
committed suicide.
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 27 (UP).
—Police said yesterday that Merle At
Gates, 18, Pomona, committed sui
cide by shooting himself in the head
in the basement of his estranged
wife's home.

SAN FRANCISCO, Sept 27 (UP).
—Police yesterday nought to identi
fy the body of a man, about 60,
found hanging from a tree in Cal
vary cemetery here yesterday. Offi
cers said the man apparently had
committed suicide.
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 27 (UP).
—Police said yesterday that Merle At
Gates, 18, Pomona, committed sui
cide by shooting himself in the head
in the basement of his estranged
wife's home.

SAN FRANCISCO, Sept 27 (UP).
—Police yesterday nought to identi
fy the body of a man, about 60,
found hanging from a tree in Cal
vary cemetery here yesterday. Offi
cers said the man apparently had
committed suicide.
