# Jewish Vets Want Quiz of U.S. Nazis
## 
### 
ASBURY PARK, N.J., Sept. 27
(U.R).—Jewish war veterans advo
cated today a government investi
gation of Naziism in the United
States and abolition of Nazi camps
in this country.
A resolution demanding such ac
tion was adopted at the veterans'
annual convention yesterday after
delegates heard an appeal by Sam
uel Untermyer, president of the
Non-sectarian Anti-Nazi League.
ASBURY PARK, N.J., Sept. 27
(U.R).—Jewish war veterans advo
cated today a government investi
gation of Naziism in the United
States and abolition of Nazi camps
in this country.
A resolution demanding such ac
tion was adopted at the veterans'
annual convention yesterday after
delegates heard an appeal by Sam
uel Untermyer, president of the
Non-sectarian Anti-Nazi League.
ASBURY PARK, N.J., Sept. 27
(U.R).—Jewish war veterans advo
cated today a government investi
gation of Naziism in the United
States and abolition of Nazi camps
in this country.
A resolution demanding such ac
tion was adopted at the veterans'
annual convention yesterday after
delegates heard an appeal by Sam
uel Untermyer, president of the
Non-sectarian Anti-Nazi League.
ASBURY PARK, N.J., Sept. 27
(U.R).—Jewish war veterans advo
cated today a government investi
gation of Naziism in the United
States and abolition of Nazi camps
in this country.
A resolution demanding such ac
tion was adopted at the veterans'
annual convention yesterday after
delegates heard an appeal by Sam
uel Untermyer, president of the
Non-sectarian Anti-Nazi League.
ASBURY PARK, N.J., Sept. 27
(U.R).—Jewish war veterans advo
cated today a government investi
gation of Naziism in the United
States and abolition of Nazi camps
in this country.
A resolution demanding such ac
tion was adopted at the veterans'
annual convention yesterday after
delegates heard an appeal by Sam
uel Untermyer, president of the
Non-sectarian Anti-Nazi League.
ASBURY PARK, N.J., Sept. 27
(U.R).—Jewish war veterans advo
cated today a government investi
gation of Naziism in the United
States and abolition of Nazi camps
in this country.
A resolution demanding such ac
tion was adopted at the veterans'
annual convention yesterday after
delegates heard an appeal by Sam
uel Untermyer, president of the
Non-sectarian Anti-Nazi League.
ASBURY PARK, N.J., Sept. 27
(U.R).—Jewish war veterans advo
cated today a government investi
gation of Naziism in the United
States and abolition of Nazi camps
in this country.
A resolution demanding such ac
tion was adopted at the veterans'
annual convention yesterday after
delegates heard an appeal by Sam
uel Untermyer, president of the
Non-sectarian Anti-Nazi League.
ASBURY PARK, N.J., Sept. 27
(U.R).—Jewish war veterans advo
cated today a government investi
gation of Naziism in the United
States and abolition of Nazi camps
in this country.
A resolution demanding such ac
tion was adopted at the veterans'
annual convention yesterday after
delegates heard an appeal by Sam
uel Untermyer, president of the
Non-sectarian Anti-Nazi League.
ASBURY PARK, N.J., Sept. 27
(U.R).—Jewish war veterans advo
cated today a government investi
gation of Naziism in the United
States and abolition of Nazi camps
in this country.
A resolution demanding such ac
tion was adopted at the veterans'
annual convention yesterday after
delegates heard an appeal by Sam
uel Untermyer, president of the
Non-sectarian Anti-Nazi League.
ASBURY PARK, N.J., Sept. 27
(U.R).—Jewish war veterans advo
cated today a government investi
gation of Naziism in the United
States and abolition of Nazi camps
in this country.
A resolution demanding such ac
tion was adopted at the veterans'
annual convention yesterday after
delegates heard an appeal by Sam
uel Untermyer, president of the
Non-sectarian Anti-Nazi League.
ASBURY PARK, N.J., Sept. 27
(U.R).—Jewish war veterans advo
cated today a government investi
gation of Naziism in the United
States and abolition of Nazi camps
in this country.
A resolution demanding such ac
tion was adopted at the veterans'
annual convention yesterday after
delegates heard an appeal by Sam
uel Untermyer, president of the
Non-sectarian Anti-Nazi League.
ASBURY PARK, N.J., Sept. 27
(U.R).—Jewish war veterans advo
cated today a government investi
gation of Naziism in the United
States and abolition of Nazi camps
in this country.
A resolution demanding such ac
tion was adopted at the veterans'
annual convention yesterday after
delegates heard an appeal by Sam
uel Untermyer, president of the
Non-sectarian Anti-Nazi League.
ASBURY PARK, N.J., Sept. 27
(U.R).—Jewish war veterans advo
cated today a government investi
gation of Naziism in the United
States and abolition of Nazi camps
in this country.
A resolution demanding such ac
tion was adopted at the veterans'
annual convention yesterday after
delegates heard an appeal by Sam
uel Untermyer, president of the
Non-sectarian Anti-Nazi League.
ASBURY PARK, N.J., Sept. 27
(U.R).—Jewish war veterans advo
cated today a government investi
gation of Naziism in the United
States and abolition of Nazi camps
in this country.
A resolution demanding such ac
tion was adopted at the veterans'
annual convention yesterday after
delegates heard an appeal by Sam
uel Untermyer, president of the
Non-sectarian Anti-Nazi League.
ASBURY PARK, N.J., Sept. 27
(U.R).—Jewish war veterans advo
cated today a government investi
gation of Naziism in the United
States and abolition of Nazi camps
in this country.
A resolution demanding such ac
tion was adopted at the veterans'
annual convention yesterday after
delegates heard an appeal by Sam
uel Untermyer, president of the
Non-sectarian Anti-Nazi League.
