# DONATES VALUABLE COLLECTION.
## E. B. Towne Increases Size of Zoology Department's Exhibit of Bird Specimens. 
### 
The Zoology department is at pres
ent arranging a collection of bird
skins, that was presented to the Uni
versity late last spring by E. B. Towne
Jr., recently deceased. The collection
is a very complete one numbering 12G0
skins collected from western, middle
western, and eastern United States,
representing many families of North
American birds. A very great scien
tific value is attached to this collec
tion.
E. B. Towne, Jr., has on several
previous occasions added to the collec
tion of the department, the most im
portant of these being a gift of eight
-;kins of the large California condor.
These skins make the department's
collection of condor skins the best col
lection. known.
