# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The annual Freshie Glee of the Uni
versity of California will be held on
October 21.
The annual Freshie Glee of the Uni
versity of California will be held on
October 21.
The annual Freshie Glee of the Uni
versity of California will be held on
October 21.
The annual Freshie Glee of the Uni
versity of California will be held on
October 21.
The annual Freshie Glee of the Uni
versity of California will be held on
October 21.
The annual Freshie Glee of the Uni
versity of California will be held on
October 21.
The annual Freshie Glee of the Uni
versity of California will be held on
October 21.
The annual Freshie Glee of the Uni
versity of California will be held on
October 21.
The annual Freshie Glee of the Uni
versity of California will be held on
October 21.
The annual Freshie Glee of the Uni
versity of California will be held on
October 21.
The annual Freshie Glee of the Uni
versity of California will be held on
October 21.
