# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Minnesota and Dakota colleges have
agreed to allow their ball players to
play professional ball during the
summer months without losing their
athletic standing.
Minnesota and Dakota colleges have
agreed to allow their ball players to
play professional ball during the
summer months without losing their
athletic standing.
Minnesota and Dakota colleges have
agreed to allow their ball players to
play professional ball during the
summer months without losing their
athletic standing.
Minnesota and Dakota colleges have
agreed to allow their ball players to
play professional ball during the
summer months without losing their
athletic standing.
Minnesota and Dakota colleges have
agreed to allow their ball players to
play professional ball during the
summer months without losing their
athletic standing.
Minnesota and Dakota colleges have
agreed to allow their ball players to
play professional ball during the
summer months without losing their
athletic standing.
Minnesota and Dakota colleges have
agreed to allow their ball players to
play professional ball during the
summer months without losing their
athletic standing.
Minnesota and Dakota colleges have
agreed to allow their ball players to
play professional ball during the
summer months without losing their
athletic standing.
Minnesota and Dakota colleges have
agreed to allow their ball players to
play professional ball during the
summer months without losing their
athletic standing.
Minnesota and Dakota colleges have
agreed to allow their ball players to
play professional ball during the
summer months without losing their
athletic standing.
Minnesota and Dakota colleges have
agreed to allow their ball players to
play professional ball during the
summer months without losing their
athletic standing.
