# Engineers to Hear Talk on Sewage
## 
### 
Clyde C. Kennedy, consulting
sanitary engineer of San Francisco,
will speak to the Stanford student
chapter of Civil Engineers tonight
at 7:30 on "New Attitudes toward
Sewage Disposal."
Kennedy will discuss the recent
ruling of the State Board of Health
which forbids the discharge of raw
sewage into any waters of Cali
fornia after January 1, 1947. At the
present time, Mr. Kennedy is on a
board of three consulting engineers
studying the sewage problems of
the East Bay.
Thursday's meeting will be held
at the home of Fabian S. Miller,
contact member of Chapter 2 and
city engineer of Palo Alto, at 736
Forest Avenue.
Members of the chapter and civil
engineering faculty are invited to
attend the meeting. Those who do
not have transportation are asked
to meet at the Engineering corner
at 7:15.
Clyde C. Kennedy, consulting
sanitary engineer of San Francisco,
will speak to the Stanford student
chapter of Civil Engineers tonight
at 7:30 on "New Attitudes toward
Sewage Disposal."
Kennedy will discuss the recent
ruling of the State Board of Health
which forbids the discharge of raw
sewage into any waters of Cali
fornia after January 1, 1947. At the
present time, Mr. Kennedy is on a
board of three consulting engineers
studying the sewage problems of
the East Bay.
Thursday's meeting will be held
at the home of Fabian S. Miller,
contact member of Chapter 2 and
city engineer of Palo Alto, at 736
Forest Avenue.
Members of the chapter and civil
engineering faculty are invited to
attend the meeting. Those who do
not have transportation are asked
to meet at the Engineering corner
at 7:15.
Clyde C. Kennedy, consulting
sanitary engineer of San Francisco,
will speak to the Stanford student
chapter of Civil Engineers tonight
at 7:30 on "New Attitudes toward
Sewage Disposal."
Kennedy will discuss the recent
ruling of the State Board of Health
which forbids the discharge of raw
sewage into any waters of Cali
fornia after January 1, 1947. At the
present time, Mr. Kennedy is on a
board of three consulting engineers
studying the sewage problems of
the East Bay.
Thursday's meeting will be held
at the home of Fabian S. Miller,
contact member of Chapter 2 and
city engineer of Palo Alto, at 736
Forest Avenue.
Members of the chapter and civil
engineering faculty are invited to
attend the meeting. Those who do
not have transportation are asked
to meet at the Engineering corner
at 7:15.
Clyde C. Kennedy, consulting
sanitary engineer of San Francisco,
will speak to the Stanford student
chapter of Civil Engineers tonight
at 7:30 on "New Attitudes toward
Sewage Disposal."
Kennedy will discuss the recent
ruling of the State Board of Health
which forbids the discharge of raw
sewage into any waters of Cali
fornia after January 1, 1947. At the
present time, Mr. Kennedy is on a
board of three consulting engineers
studying the sewage problems of
the East Bay.
Thursday's meeting will be held
at the home of Fabian S. Miller,
contact member of Chapter 2 and
city engineer of Palo Alto, at 736
Forest Avenue.
Members of the chapter and civil
engineering faculty are invited to
attend the meeting. Those who do
not have transportation are asked
to meet at the Engineering corner
at 7:15.
Clyde C. Kennedy, consulting
sanitary engineer of San Francisco,
will speak to the Stanford student
chapter of Civil Engineers tonight
at 7:30 on "New Attitudes toward
Sewage Disposal."
Kennedy will discuss the recent
ruling of the State Board of Health
which forbids the discharge of raw
sewage into any waters of Cali
fornia after January 1, 1947. At the
present time, Mr. Kennedy is on a
board of three consulting engineers
studying the sewage problems of
the East Bay.
Thursday's meeting will be held
at the home of Fabian S. Miller,
contact member of Chapter 2 and
city engineer of Palo Alto, at 736
Forest Avenue.
Members of the chapter and civil
engineering faculty are invited to
attend the meeting. Those who do
not have transportation are asked
to meet at the Engineering corner
at 7:15.
Clyde C. Kennedy, consulting
sanitary engineer of San Francisco,
will speak to the Stanford student
chapter of Civil Engineers tonight
at 7:30 on "New Attitudes toward
Sewage Disposal."
Kennedy will discuss the recent
ruling of the State Board of Health
which forbids the discharge of raw
sewage into any waters of Cali
fornia after January 1, 1947. At the
present time, Mr. Kennedy is on a
board of three consulting engineers
studying the sewage problems of
the East Bay.
Thursday's meeting will be held
at the home of Fabian S. Miller,
contact member of Chapter 2 and
city engineer of Palo Alto, at 736
Forest Avenue.
Members of the chapter and civil
engineering faculty are invited to
attend the meeting. Those who do
not have transportation are asked
to meet at the Engineering corner
at 7:15.
Clyde C. Kennedy, consulting
sanitary engineer of San Francisco,
will speak to the Stanford student
chapter of Civil Engineers tonight
at 7:30 on "New Attitudes toward
Sewage Disposal."
Kennedy will discuss the recent
ruling of the State Board of Health
which forbids the discharge of raw
sewage into any waters of Cali
fornia after January 1, 1947. At the
present time, Mr. Kennedy is on a
board of three consulting engineers
studying the sewage problems of
the East Bay.
Thursday's meeting will be held
at the home of Fabian S. Miller,
contact member of Chapter 2 and
city engineer of Palo Alto, at 736
Forest Avenue.
Members of the chapter and civil
engineering faculty are invited to
attend the meeting. Those who do
not have transportation are asked
to meet at the Engineering corner
at 7:15.
Clyde C. Kennedy, consulting
sanitary engineer of San Francisco,
will speak to the Stanford student
chapter of Civil Engineers tonight
at 7:30 on "New Attitudes toward
Sewage Disposal."
Kennedy will discuss the recent
ruling of the State Board of Health
which forbids the discharge of raw
sewage into any waters of Cali
fornia after January 1, 1947. At the
present time, Mr. Kennedy is on a
board of three consulting engineers
studying the sewage problems of
the East Bay.
Thursday's meeting will be held
at the home of Fabian S. Miller,
contact member of Chapter 2 and
city engineer of Palo Alto, at 736
Forest Avenue.
Members of the chapter and civil
engineering faculty are invited to
attend the meeting. Those who do
not have transportation are asked
to meet at the Engineering corner
at 7:15.
Clyde C. Kennedy, consulting
sanitary engineer of San Francisco,
will speak to the Stanford student
chapter of Civil Engineers tonight
at 7:30 on "New Attitudes toward
Sewage Disposal."
Kennedy will discuss the recent
ruling of the State Board of Health
which forbids the discharge of raw
sewage into any waters of Cali
fornia after January 1, 1947. At the
present time, Mr. Kennedy is on a
board of three consulting engineers
studying the sewage problems of
the East Bay.
Thursday's meeting will be held
at the home of Fabian S. Miller,
contact member of Chapter 2 and
city engineer of Palo Alto, at 736
Forest Avenue.
Members of the chapter and civil
engineering faculty are invited to
attend the meeting. Those who do
not have transportation are asked
to meet at the Engineering corner
at 7:15.
Clyde C. Kennedy, consulting
sanitary engineer of San Francisco,
will speak to the Stanford student
chapter of Civil Engineers tonight
at 7:30 on "New Attitudes toward
Sewage Disposal."
Kennedy will discuss the recent
ruling of the State Board of Health
which forbids the discharge of raw
sewage into any waters of Cali
fornia after January 1, 1947. At the
present time, Mr. Kennedy is on a
board of three consulting engineers
studying the sewage problems of
the East Bay.
Thursday's meeting will be held
at the home of Fabian S. Miller,
contact member of Chapter 2 and
city engineer of Palo Alto, at 736
Forest Avenue.
Members of the chapter and civil
engineering faculty are invited to
attend the meeting. Those who do
not have transportation are asked
to meet at the Engineering corner
at 7:15.
Clyde C. Kennedy, consulting
sanitary engineer of San Francisco,
will speak to the Stanford student
chapter of Civil Engineers tonight
at 7:30 on "New Attitudes toward
Sewage Disposal."
Kennedy will discuss the recent
ruling of the State Board of Health
which forbids the discharge of raw
sewage into any waters of Cali
fornia after January 1, 1947. At the
present time, Mr. Kennedy is on a
board of three consulting engineers
studying the sewage problems of
the East Bay.
Thursday's meeting will be held
at the home of Fabian S. Miller,
contact member of Chapter 2 and
city engineer of Palo Alto, at 736
Forest Avenue.
Members of the chapter and civil
engineering faculty are invited to
attend the meeting. Those who do
not have transportation are asked
to meet at the Engineering corner
at 7:15.
Clyde C. Kennedy, consulting
sanitary engineer of San Francisco,
will speak to the Stanford student
chapter of Civil Engineers tonight
at 7:30 on "New Attitudes toward
Sewage Disposal."
Kennedy will discuss the recent
ruling of the State Board of Health
which forbids the discharge of raw
sewage into any waters of Cali
fornia after January 1, 1947. At the
present time, Mr. Kennedy is on a
board of three consulting engineers
studying the sewage problems of
the East Bay.
Thursday's meeting will be held
at the home of Fabian S. Miller,
contact member of Chapter 2 and
city engineer of Palo Alto, at 736
Forest Avenue.
Members of the chapter and civil
engineering faculty are invited to
attend the meeting. Those who do
not have transportation are asked
to meet at the Engineering corner
at 7:15.
Clyde C. Kennedy, consulting
sanitary engineer of San Francisco,
will speak to the Stanford student
chapter of Civil Engineers tonight
at 7:30 on "New Attitudes toward
Sewage Disposal."
Kennedy will discuss the recent
ruling of the State Board of Health
which forbids the discharge of raw
sewage into any waters of Cali
fornia after January 1, 1947. At the
present time, Mr. Kennedy is on a
board of three consulting engineers
studying the sewage problems of
the East Bay.
Thursday's meeting will be held
at the home of Fabian S. Miller,
contact member of Chapter 2 and
city engineer of Palo Alto, at 736
Forest Avenue.
Members of the chapter and civil
engineering faculty are invited to
attend the meeting. Those who do
not have transportation are asked
to meet at the Engineering corner
at 7:15.
Clyde C. Kennedy, consulting
sanitary engineer of San Francisco,
will speak to the Stanford student
chapter of Civil Engineers tonight
at 7:30 on "New Attitudes toward
Sewage Disposal."
Kennedy will discuss the recent
ruling of the State Board of Health
which forbids the discharge of raw
sewage into any waters of Cali
fornia after January 1, 1947. At the
present time, Mr. Kennedy is on a
board of three consulting engineers
studying the sewage problems of
the East Bay.
Thursday's meeting will be held
at the home of Fabian S. Miller,
contact member of Chapter 2 and
city engineer of Palo Alto, at 736
Forest Avenue.
Members of the chapter and civil
engineering faculty are invited to
attend the meeting. Those who do
not have transportation are asked
to meet at the Engineering corner
at 7:15.
Clyde C. Kennedy, consulting
sanitary engineer of San Francisco,
will speak to the Stanford student
chapter of Civil Engineers tonight
at 7:30 on "New Attitudes toward
Sewage Disposal."
Kennedy will discuss the recent
ruling of the State Board of Health
which forbids the discharge of raw
sewage into any waters of Cali
fornia after January 1, 1947. At the
present time, Mr. Kennedy is on a
board of three consulting engineers
studying the sewage problems of
the East Bay.
Thursday's meeting will be held
at the home of Fabian S. Miller,
contact member of Chapter 2 and
city engineer of Palo Alto, at 736
Forest Avenue.
Members of the chapter and civil
engineering faculty are invited to
attend the meeting. Those who do
not have transportation are asked
to meet at the Engineering corner
at 7:15.
