# 20,000 BLACKMARKETEERS
## 
### 
BERLIN, May 8 (UP).—American
Military Government announced to
day that 20,000 persons were arrest
ed for blackmarketing in Berlin.
BERLIN, May 8 (UP).—American
Military Government announced to
day that 20,000 persons were arrest
ed for blackmarketing in Berlin.
BERLIN, May 8 (UP).—American
Military Government announced to
day that 20,000 persons were arrest
ed for blackmarketing in Berlin.
BERLIN, May 8 (UP).—American
Military Government announced to
day that 20,000 persons were arrest
ed for blackmarketing in Berlin.
BERLIN, May 8 (UP).—American
Military Government announced to
day that 20,000 persons were arrest
ed for blackmarketing in Berlin.
BERLIN, May 8 (UP).—American
Military Government announced to
day that 20,000 persons were arrest
ed for blackmarketing in Berlin.
BERLIN, May 8 (UP).—American
Military Government announced to
day that 20,000 persons were arrest
ed for blackmarketing in Berlin.
BERLIN, May 8 (UP).—American
Military Government announced to
day that 20,000 persons were arrest
ed for blackmarketing in Berlin.
BERLIN, May 8 (UP).—American
Military Government announced to
day that 20,000 persons were arrest
ed for blackmarketing in Berlin.
BERLIN, May 8 (UP).—American
Military Government announced to
day that 20,000 persons were arrest
ed for blackmarketing in Berlin.
BERLIN, May 8 (UP).—American
Military Government announced to
day that 20,000 persons were arrest
ed for blackmarketing in Berlin.
BERLIN, May 8 (UP).—American
Military Government announced to
day that 20,000 persons were arrest
ed for blackmarketing in Berlin.
BERLIN, May 8 (UP).—American
Military Government announced to
day that 20,000 persons were arrest
ed for blackmarketing in Berlin.
BERLIN, May 8 (UP).—American
Military Government announced to
day that 20,000 persons were arrest
ed for blackmarketing in Berlin.
BERLIN, May 8 (UP).—American
Military Government announced to
day that 20,000 persons were arrest
ed for blackmarketing in Berlin.
