# Untitled Article
## 
### 
One-third of Berlin's population
makes purchases on the install
ment plan.
One-third of Berlin's population
makes purchases on the install
ment plan.
One-third of Berlin's population
makes purchases on the install
ment plan.
One-third of Berlin's population
makes purchases on the install
ment plan.
One-third of Berlin's population
makes purchases on the install
ment plan.
One-third of Berlin's population
makes purchases on the install
ment plan.
One-third of Berlin's population
makes purchases on the install
ment plan.
One-third of Berlin's population
makes purchases on the install
ment plan.
One-third of Berlin's population
makes purchases on the install
ment plan.
One-third of Berlin's population
makes purchases on the install
ment plan.
One-third of Berlin's population
makes purchases on the install
ment plan.
One-third of Berlin's population
makes purchases on the install
ment plan.
One-third of Berlin's population
makes purchases on the install
ment plan.
One-third of Berlin's population
makes purchases on the install
ment plan.
One-third of Berlin's population
makes purchases on the install
ment plan.
