# 1924 QUAD POLL OF ORGANIZATIONS FAVORS GROUP PHOTOGRAPHS
## 
### 
Returns from the 1924 Quad's poll oi"
men's living groups show a substantial
majority in favor of continuing the group
picture of members instead of adopting
the individual picture style held bysor
orities.
Out of nineteen men's living groups
123 desired the individual picture type,
while 229 favored the old group picture.
In seven clubs, included in the nineteen,
the vote was 72 to 52 in favor of the
group and the same preferance was shown
by the fraternities with a ballot of 157
to 71. All fraternities have not been
heard from, but it is not expected that
the results will be materially changed.
Returns from the 1924 Quad's poll oi"
men's living groups show a substantial
majority in favor of continuing the group
picture of members instead of adopting
the individual picture style held bysor
orities.
Out of nineteen men's living groups
123 desired the individual picture type,
while 229 favored the old group picture.
In seven clubs, included in the nineteen,
the vote was 72 to 52 in favor of the
group and the same preferance was shown
by the fraternities with a ballot of 157
to 71. All fraternities have not been
heard from, but it is not expected that
the results will be materially changed.
Returns from the 1924 Quad's poll oi"
men's living groups show a substantial
majority in favor of continuing the group
picture of members instead of adopting
the individual picture style held bysor
orities.
Out of nineteen men's living groups
123 desired the individual picture type,
while 229 favored the old group picture.
In seven clubs, included in the nineteen,
the vote was 72 to 52 in favor of the
group and the same preferance was shown
by the fraternities with a ballot of 157
to 71. All fraternities have not been
heard from, but it is not expected that
the results will be materially changed.
Returns from the 1924 Quad's poll oi"
men's living groups show a substantial
majority in favor of continuing the group
picture of members instead of adopting
the individual picture style held bysor
orities.
Out of nineteen men's living groups
123 desired the individual picture type,
while 229 favored the old group picture.
In seven clubs, included in the nineteen,
the vote was 72 to 52 in favor of the
group and the same preferance was shown
by the fraternities with a ballot of 157
to 71. All fraternities have not been
heard from, but it is not expected that
the results will be materially changed.
Returns from the 1924 Quad's poll oi"
men's living groups show a substantial
majority in favor of continuing the group
picture of members instead of adopting
the individual picture style held bysor
orities.
Out of nineteen men's living groups
123 desired the individual picture type,
while 229 favored the old group picture.
In seven clubs, included in the nineteen,
the vote was 72 to 52 in favor of the
group and the same preferance was shown
by the fraternities with a ballot of 157
to 71. All fraternities have not been
heard from, but it is not expected that
the results will be materially changed.
Returns from the 1924 Quad's poll oi"
men's living groups show a substantial
majority in favor of continuing the group
picture of members instead of adopting
the individual picture style held bysor
orities.
Out of nineteen men's living groups
123 desired the individual picture type,
while 229 favored the old group picture.
In seven clubs, included in the nineteen,
the vote was 72 to 52 in favor of the
group and the same preferance was shown
by the fraternities with a ballot of 157
to 71. All fraternities have not been
heard from, but it is not expected that
the results will be materially changed.
Returns from the 1924 Quad's poll oi"
men's living groups show a substantial
majority in favor of continuing the group
picture of members instead of adopting
the individual picture style held bysor
orities.
Out of nineteen men's living groups
123 desired the individual picture type,
while 229 favored the old group picture.
In seven clubs, included in the nineteen,
the vote was 72 to 52 in favor of the
group and the same preferance was shown
by the fraternities with a ballot of 157
to 71. All fraternities have not been
heard from, but it is not expected that
the results will be materially changed.
Returns from the 1924 Quad's poll oi"
men's living groups show a substantial
majority in favor of continuing the group
picture of members instead of adopting
the individual picture style held bysor
orities.
Out of nineteen men's living groups
123 desired the individual picture type,
while 229 favored the old group picture.
In seven clubs, included in the nineteen,
the vote was 72 to 52 in favor of the
group and the same preferance was shown
by the fraternities with a ballot of 157
to 71. All fraternities have not been
heard from, but it is not expected that
the results will be materially changed.
Returns from the 1924 Quad's poll oi"
men's living groups show a substantial
majority in favor of continuing the group
picture of members instead of adopting
the individual picture style held bysor
orities.
Out of nineteen men's living groups
123 desired the individual picture type,
while 229 favored the old group picture.
In seven clubs, included in the nineteen,
the vote was 72 to 52 in favor of the
group and the same preferance was shown
by the fraternities with a ballot of 157
to 71. All fraternities have not been
heard from, but it is not expected that
the results will be materially changed.
Returns from the 1924 Quad's poll oi"
men's living groups show a substantial
majority in favor of continuing the group
picture of members instead of adopting
the individual picture style held bysor
orities.
Out of nineteen men's living groups
123 desired the individual picture type,
while 229 favored the old group picture.
In seven clubs, included in the nineteen,
the vote was 72 to 52 in favor of the
group and the same preferance was shown
by the fraternities with a ballot of 157
to 71. All fraternities have not been
heard from, but it is not expected that
the results will be materially changed.
Returns from the 1924 Quad's poll oi"
men's living groups show a substantial
majority in favor of continuing the group
picture of members instead of adopting
the individual picture style held bysor
orities.
Out of nineteen men's living groups
123 desired the individual picture type,
while 229 favored the old group picture.
In seven clubs, included in the nineteen,
the vote was 72 to 52 in favor of the
group and the same preferance was shown
by the fraternities with a ballot of 157
to 71. All fraternities have not been
heard from, but it is not expected that
the results will be materially changed.
Returns from the 1924 Quad's poll oi"
men's living groups show a substantial
majority in favor of continuing the group
picture of members instead of adopting
the individual picture style held bysor
orities.
Out of nineteen men's living groups
123 desired the individual picture type,
while 229 favored the old group picture.
In seven clubs, included in the nineteen,
the vote was 72 to 52 in favor of the
group and the same preferance was shown
by the fraternities with a ballot of 157
to 71. All fraternities have not been
heard from, but it is not expected that
the results will be materially changed.
Returns from the 1924 Quad's poll oi"
men's living groups show a substantial
majority in favor of continuing the group
picture of members instead of adopting
the individual picture style held bysor
orities.
Out of nineteen men's living groups
123 desired the individual picture type,
while 229 favored the old group picture.
In seven clubs, included in the nineteen,
the vote was 72 to 52 in favor of the
group and the same preferance was shown
by the fraternities with a ballot of 157
to 71. All fraternities have not been
heard from, but it is not expected that
the results will be materially changed.
Returns from the 1924 Quad's poll oi"
men's living groups show a substantial
majority in favor of continuing the group
picture of members instead of adopting
the individual picture style held bysor
orities.
Out of nineteen men's living groups
123 desired the individual picture type,
while 229 favored the old group picture.
In seven clubs, included in the nineteen,
the vote was 72 to 52 in favor of the
group and the same preferance was shown
by the fraternities with a ballot of 157
to 71. All fraternities have not been
heard from, but it is not expected that
the results will be materially changed.
