# Blue and Gold Students Will Attend U.S.C. Game
## 
### 
University of California seniors will
go to the University of Southern Cali
fornia football at Pasadena in auto
mobile busses at the round trip rate of
$15. This arrangement was made by the
committee which was appointed to make
plans for the journey by the members of
the 1923 class.
Many students will also reccivc trans
portation through the ticket raffles
which are being run by the Associated !
Students.
University of California seniors will
go to the University of Southern Cali
fornia football at Pasadena in auto
mobile busses at the round trip rate of
$15. This arrangement was made by the
committee which was appointed to make
plans for the journey by the members of
the 1923 class.
Many students will also reccivc trans
portation through the ticket raffles
which are being run by the Associated !
Students.
University of California seniors will
go to the University of Southern Cali
fornia football at Pasadena in auto
mobile busses at the round trip rate of
$15. This arrangement was made by the
committee which was appointed to make
plans for the journey by the members of
the 1923 class.
Many students will also reccivc trans
portation through the ticket raffles
which are being run by the Associated !
Students.
University of California seniors will
go to the University of Southern Cali
fornia football at Pasadena in auto
mobile busses at the round trip rate of
$15. This arrangement was made by the
committee which was appointed to make
plans for the journey by the members of
the 1923 class.
Many students will also reccivc trans
portation through the ticket raffles
which are being run by the Associated !
Students.
University of California seniors will
go to the University of Southern Cali
fornia football at Pasadena in auto
mobile busses at the round trip rate of
$15. This arrangement was made by the
committee which was appointed to make
plans for the journey by the members of
the 1923 class.
Many students will also reccivc trans
portation through the ticket raffles
which are being run by the Associated !
Students.
University of California seniors will
go to the University of Southern Cali
fornia football at Pasadena in auto
mobile busses at the round trip rate of
$15. This arrangement was made by the
committee which was appointed to make
plans for the journey by the members of
the 1923 class.
Many students will also reccivc trans
portation through the ticket raffles
which are being run by the Associated !
Students.
University of California seniors will
go to the University of Southern Cali
fornia football at Pasadena in auto
mobile busses at the round trip rate of
$15. This arrangement was made by the
committee which was appointed to make
plans for the journey by the members of
the 1923 class.
Many students will also reccivc trans
portation through the ticket raffles
which are being run by the Associated !
Students.
University of California seniors will
go to the University of Southern Cali
fornia football at Pasadena in auto
mobile busses at the round trip rate of
$15. This arrangement was made by the
committee which was appointed to make
plans for the journey by the members of
the 1923 class.
Many students will also reccivc trans
portation through the ticket raffles
which are being run by the Associated !
Students.
University of California seniors will
go to the University of Southern Cali
fornia football at Pasadena in auto
mobile busses at the round trip rate of
$15. This arrangement was made by the
committee which was appointed to make
plans for the journey by the members of
the 1923 class.
Many students will also reccivc trans
portation through the ticket raffles
which are being run by the Associated !
Students.
University of California seniors will
go to the University of Southern Cali
fornia football at Pasadena in auto
mobile busses at the round trip rate of
$15. This arrangement was made by the
committee which was appointed to make
plans for the journey by the members of
the 1923 class.
Many students will also reccivc trans
portation through the ticket raffles
which are being run by the Associated !
Students.
University of California seniors will
go to the University of Southern Cali
fornia football at Pasadena in auto
mobile busses at the round trip rate of
$15. This arrangement was made by the
committee which was appointed to make
plans for the journey by the members of
the 1923 class.
Many students will also reccivc trans
portation through the ticket raffles
which are being run by the Associated !
Students.
University of California seniors will
go to the University of Southern Cali
fornia football at Pasadena in auto
mobile busses at the round trip rate of
$15. This arrangement was made by the
committee which was appointed to make
plans for the journey by the members of
the 1923 class.
Many students will also reccivc trans
portation through the ticket raffles
which are being run by the Associated !
Students.
University of California seniors will
go to the University of Southern Cali
fornia football at Pasadena in auto
mobile busses at the round trip rate of
$15. This arrangement was made by the
committee which was appointed to make
plans for the journey by the members of
the 1923 class.
Many students will also reccivc trans
portation through the ticket raffles
which are being run by the Associated !
Students.
University of California seniors will
go to the University of Southern Cali
fornia football at Pasadena in auto
mobile busses at the round trip rate of
$15. This arrangement was made by the
committee which was appointed to make
plans for the journey by the members of
the 1923 class.
Many students will also reccivc trans
portation through the ticket raffles
which are being run by the Associated !
Students.
