# COURSE IN MOTOR DRIVING WILL BE GIVEN AT U.S.C.
## 
### 
"Motorists' Rights and Law" is the
name of a new course to be given in
the University of Southern California
extension division by H. L. Breiden
bach, attorney for the legal depart
ment of the Automobile Club of South
ern California. This will be the first
time that a university will give a
course in practical training for the
motorist.
"A surprising number of those ar
rested," said Breidenbacli," say that
they did not know they were breaking
the law. This course which I am giving
is calculated to do away with the
waste, and to educate the motorist to
a full understanding of his rights and
duties."
"Motorists' Rights and Law" is the
name of a new course to be given in
the University of Southern California
extension division by H. L. Breiden
bach, attorney for the legal depart
ment of the Automobile Club of South
ern California. This will be the first
time that a university will give a
course in practical training for the
motorist.
"A surprising number of those ar
rested," said Breidenbacli," say that
they did not know they were breaking
the law. This course which I am giving
is calculated to do away with the
waste, and to educate the motorist to
a full understanding of his rights and
duties."
"Motorists' Rights and Law" is the
name of a new course to be given in
the University of Southern California
extension division by H. L. Breiden
bach, attorney for the legal depart
ment of the Automobile Club of South
ern California. This will be the first
time that a university will give a
course in practical training for the
motorist.
"A surprising number of those ar
rested," said Breidenbacli," say that
they did not know they were breaking
the law. This course which I am giving
is calculated to do away with the
waste, and to educate the motorist to
a full understanding of his rights and
duties."
"Motorists' Rights and Law" is the
name of a new course to be given in
the University of Southern California
extension division by H. L. Breiden
bach, attorney for the legal depart
ment of the Automobile Club of South
ern California. This will be the first
time that a university will give a
course in practical training for the
motorist.
"A surprising number of those ar
rested," said Breidenbacli," say that
they did not know they were breaking
the law. This course which I am giving
is calculated to do away with the
waste, and to educate the motorist to
a full understanding of his rights and
duties."
"Motorists' Rights and Law" is the
name of a new course to be given in
the University of Southern California
extension division by H. L. Breiden
bach, attorney for the legal depart
ment of the Automobile Club of South
ern California. This will be the first
time that a university will give a
course in practical training for the
motorist.
"A surprising number of those ar
rested," said Breidenbacli," say that
they did not know they were breaking
the law. This course which I am giving
is calculated to do away with the
waste, and to educate the motorist to
a full understanding of his rights and
duties."
"Motorists' Rights and Law" is the
name of a new course to be given in
the University of Southern California
extension division by H. L. Breiden
bach, attorney for the legal depart
ment of the Automobile Club of South
ern California. This will be the first
time that a university will give a
course in practical training for the
motorist.
"A surprising number of those ar
rested," said Breidenbacli," say that
they did not know they were breaking
the law. This course which I am giving
is calculated to do away with the
waste, and to educate the motorist to
a full understanding of his rights and
duties."
"Motorists' Rights and Law" is the
name of a new course to be given in
the University of Southern California
extension division by H. L. Breiden
bach, attorney for the legal depart
ment of the Automobile Club of South
ern California. This will be the first
time that a university will give a
course in practical training for the
motorist.
"A surprising number of those ar
rested," said Breidenbacli," say that
they did not know they were breaking
the law. This course which I am giving
is calculated to do away with the
waste, and to educate the motorist to
a full understanding of his rights and
duties."
"Motorists' Rights and Law" is the
name of a new course to be given in
the University of Southern California
extension division by H. L. Breiden
bach, attorney for the legal depart
ment of the Automobile Club of South
ern California. This will be the first
time that a university will give a
course in practical training for the
motorist.
"A surprising number of those ar
rested," said Breidenbacli," say that
they did not know they were breaking
the law. This course which I am giving
is calculated to do away with the
waste, and to educate the motorist to
a full understanding of his rights and
duties."
"Motorists' Rights and Law" is the
name of a new course to be given in
the University of Southern California
extension division by H. L. Breiden
bach, attorney for the legal depart
ment of the Automobile Club of South
ern California. This will be the first
time that a university will give a
course in practical training for the
motorist.
"A surprising number of those ar
rested," said Breidenbacli," say that
they did not know they were breaking
the law. This course which I am giving
is calculated to do away with the
waste, and to educate the motorist to
a full understanding of his rights and
duties."
"Motorists' Rights and Law" is the
name of a new course to be given in
the University of Southern California
extension division by H. L. Breiden
bach, attorney for the legal depart
ment of the Automobile Club of South
ern California. This will be the first
time that a university will give a
course in practical training for the
motorist.
"A surprising number of those ar
rested," said Breidenbacli," say that
they did not know they were breaking
the law. This course which I am giving
is calculated to do away with the
waste, and to educate the motorist to
a full understanding of his rights and
duties."
"Motorists' Rights and Law" is the
name of a new course to be given in
the University of Southern California
extension division by H. L. Breiden
bach, attorney for the legal depart
ment of the Automobile Club of South
ern California. This will be the first
time that a university will give a
course in practical training for the
motorist.
"A surprising number of those ar
rested," said Breidenbacli," say that
they did not know they were breaking
the law. This course which I am giving
is calculated to do away with the
waste, and to educate the motorist to
a full understanding of his rights and
duties."
"Motorists' Rights and Law" is the
name of a new course to be given in
the University of Southern California
extension division by H. L. Breiden
bach, attorney for the legal depart
ment of the Automobile Club of South
ern California. This will be the first
time that a university will give a
course in practical training for the
motorist.
"A surprising number of those ar
rested," said Breidenbacli," say that
they did not know they were breaking
the law. This course which I am giving
is calculated to do away with the
waste, and to educate the motorist to
a full understanding of his rights and
duties."
"Motorists' Rights and Law" is the
name of a new course to be given in
the University of Southern California
extension division by H. L. Breiden
bach, attorney for the legal depart
ment of the Automobile Club of South
ern California. This will be the first
time that a university will give a
course in practical training for the
motorist.
"A surprising number of those ar
rested," said Breidenbacli," say that
they did not know they were breaking
the law. This course which I am giving
is calculated to do away with the
waste, and to educate the motorist to
a full understanding of his rights and
duties."
"Motorists' Rights and Law" is the
name of a new course to be given in
the University of Southern California
extension division by H. L. Breiden
bach, attorney for the legal depart
ment of the Automobile Club of South
ern California. This will be the first
time that a university will give a
course in practical training for the
motorist.
"A surprising number of those ar
rested," said Breidenbacli," say that
they did not know they were breaking
the law. This course which I am giving
is calculated to do away with the
waste, and to educate the motorist to
a full understanding of his rights and
duties."
