# Hunter Speaks on Human And Animal Intelligence
## 
### 
"The difference between human and
animal intelligence is a difference in
degree and not of kind," declared Pro
fessor Walter S. Hunter in his talk
yesterday afternoon in the Little Thea
tre. He said that there were three
methods of studying intelligence in
animals. The first method studies habit
formation through the use of problem
boxes or similar devices. The second
method presents the animal with a
problem that is supposed to involve
thinking or reasoning. The third meth
od attacks the question of the exist
ance of ideas in animals through the
analysis of the factors involved in the
solution of a particular problem.
Professor Hunter, who is professor
of Genetic Psychology at Clark Uni
versity, is recognized as an authority
in the field of animal behavior.
"The difference between human and
animal intelligence is a difference in
degree and not of kind," declared Pro
fessor Walter S. Hunter in his talk
yesterday afternoon in the Little Thea
tre. He said that there were three
methods of studying intelligence in
animals. The first method studies habit
formation through the use of problem
boxes or similar devices. The second
method presents the animal with a
problem that is supposed to involve
thinking or reasoning. The third meth
od attacks the question of the exist
ance of ideas in animals through the
analysis of the factors involved in the
solution of a particular problem.
Professor Hunter, who is professor
of Genetic Psychology at Clark Uni
versity, is recognized as an authority
in the field of animal behavior.
"The difference between human and
animal intelligence is a difference in
degree and not of kind," declared Pro
fessor Walter S. Hunter in his talk
yesterday afternoon in the Little Thea
tre. He said that there were three
methods of studying intelligence in
animals. The first method studies habit
formation through the use of problem
boxes or similar devices. The second
method presents the animal with a
problem that is supposed to involve
thinking or reasoning. The third meth
od attacks the question of the exist
ance of ideas in animals through the
analysis of the factors involved in the
solution of a particular problem.
Professor Hunter, who is professor
of Genetic Psychology at Clark Uni
versity, is recognized as an authority
in the field of animal behavior.
"The difference between human and
animal intelligence is a difference in
degree and not of kind," declared Pro
fessor Walter S. Hunter in his talk
yesterday afternoon in the Little Thea
tre. He said that there were three
methods of studying intelligence in
animals. The first method studies habit
formation through the use of problem
boxes or similar devices. The second
method presents the animal with a
problem that is supposed to involve
thinking or reasoning. The third meth
od attacks the question of the exist
ance of ideas in animals through the
analysis of the factors involved in the
solution of a particular problem.
Professor Hunter, who is professor
of Genetic Psychology at Clark Uni
versity, is recognized as an authority
in the field of animal behavior.
"The difference between human and
animal intelligence is a difference in
degree and not of kind," declared Pro
fessor Walter S. Hunter in his talk
yesterday afternoon in the Little Thea
tre. He said that there were three
methods of studying intelligence in
animals. The first method studies habit
formation through the use of problem
boxes or similar devices. The second
method presents the animal with a
problem that is supposed to involve
thinking or reasoning. The third meth
od attacks the question of the exist
ance of ideas in animals through the
analysis of the factors involved in the
solution of a particular problem.
Professor Hunter, who is professor
of Genetic Psychology at Clark Uni
versity, is recognized as an authority
in the field of animal behavior.
"The difference between human and
animal intelligence is a difference in
degree and not of kind," declared Pro
fessor Walter S. Hunter in his talk
yesterday afternoon in the Little Thea
tre. He said that there were three
methods of studying intelligence in
animals. The first method studies habit
formation through the use of problem
boxes or similar devices. The second
method presents the animal with a
problem that is supposed to involve
thinking or reasoning. The third meth
od attacks the question of the exist
ance of ideas in animals through the
analysis of the factors involved in the
solution of a particular problem.
Professor Hunter, who is professor
of Genetic Psychology at Clark Uni
versity, is recognized as an authority
in the field of animal behavior.
"The difference between human and
animal intelligence is a difference in
degree and not of kind," declared Pro
fessor Walter S. Hunter in his talk
yesterday afternoon in the Little Thea
tre. He said that there were three
methods of studying intelligence in
animals. The first method studies habit
formation through the use of problem
boxes or similar devices. The second
method presents the animal with a
problem that is supposed to involve
thinking or reasoning. The third meth
od attacks the question of the exist
ance of ideas in animals through the
analysis of the factors involved in the
solution of a particular problem.
Professor Hunter, who is professor
of Genetic Psychology at Clark Uni
versity, is recognized as an authority
in the field of animal behavior.
"The difference between human and
animal intelligence is a difference in
degree and not of kind," declared Pro
fessor Walter S. Hunter in his talk
yesterday afternoon in the Little Thea
tre. He said that there were three
methods of studying intelligence in
animals. The first method studies habit
formation through the use of problem
boxes or similar devices. The second
method presents the animal with a
problem that is supposed to involve
thinking or reasoning. The third meth
od attacks the question of the exist
ance of ideas in animals through the
analysis of the factors involved in the
solution of a particular problem.
Professor Hunter, who is professor
of Genetic Psychology at Clark Uni
versity, is recognized as an authority
in the field of animal behavior.
"The difference between human and
animal intelligence is a difference in
degree and not of kind," declared Pro
fessor Walter S. Hunter in his talk
yesterday afternoon in the Little Thea
tre. He said that there were three
methods of studying intelligence in
animals. The first method studies habit
formation through the use of problem
boxes or similar devices. The second
method presents the animal with a
problem that is supposed to involve
thinking or reasoning. The third meth
od attacks the question of the exist
ance of ideas in animals through the
analysis of the factors involved in the
solution of a particular problem.
Professor Hunter, who is professor
of Genetic Psychology at Clark Uni
versity, is recognized as an authority
in the field of animal behavior.
"The difference between human and
animal intelligence is a difference in
degree and not of kind," declared Pro
fessor Walter S. Hunter in his talk
yesterday afternoon in the Little Thea
tre. He said that there were three
methods of studying intelligence in
animals. The first method studies habit
formation through the use of problem
boxes or similar devices. The second
method presents the animal with a
problem that is supposed to involve
thinking or reasoning. The third meth
od attacks the question of the exist
ance of ideas in animals through the
analysis of the factors involved in the
solution of a particular problem.
Professor Hunter, who is professor
of Genetic Psychology at Clark Uni
versity, is recognized as an authority
in the field of animal behavior.
"The difference between human and
animal intelligence is a difference in
degree and not of kind," declared Pro
fessor Walter S. Hunter in his talk
yesterday afternoon in the Little Thea
tre. He said that there were three
methods of studying intelligence in
animals. The first method studies habit
formation through the use of problem
boxes or similar devices. The second
method presents the animal with a
problem that is supposed to involve
thinking or reasoning. The third meth
od attacks the question of the exist
ance of ideas in animals through the
analysis of the factors involved in the
solution of a particular problem.
Professor Hunter, who is professor
of Genetic Psychology at Clark Uni
versity, is recognized as an authority
in the field of animal behavior.
"The difference between human and
animal intelligence is a difference in
degree and not of kind," declared Pro
fessor Walter S. Hunter in his talk
yesterday afternoon in the Little Thea
tre. He said that there were three
methods of studying intelligence in
animals. The first method studies habit
formation through the use of problem
boxes or similar devices. The second
method presents the animal with a
problem that is supposed to involve
thinking or reasoning. The third meth
od attacks the question of the exist
ance of ideas in animals through the
analysis of the factors involved in the
solution of a particular problem.
Professor Hunter, who is professor
of Genetic Psychology at Clark Uni
versity, is recognized as an authority
in the field of animal behavior.
"The difference between human and
animal intelligence is a difference in
degree and not of kind," declared Pro
fessor Walter S. Hunter in his talk
yesterday afternoon in the Little Thea
tre. He said that there were three
methods of studying intelligence in
animals. The first method studies habit
formation through the use of problem
boxes or similar devices. The second
method presents the animal with a
problem that is supposed to involve
thinking or reasoning. The third meth
od attacks the question of the exist
ance of ideas in animals through the
analysis of the factors involved in the
solution of a particular problem.
Professor Hunter, who is professor
of Genetic Psychology at Clark Uni
versity, is recognized as an authority
in the field of animal behavior.
"The difference between human and
animal intelligence is a difference in
degree and not of kind," declared Pro
fessor Walter S. Hunter in his talk
yesterday afternoon in the Little Thea
tre. He said that there were three
methods of studying intelligence in
animals. The first method studies habit
formation through the use of problem
boxes or similar devices. The second
method presents the animal with a
problem that is supposed to involve
thinking or reasoning. The third meth
od attacks the question of the exist
ance of ideas in animals through the
analysis of the factors involved in the
solution of a particular problem.
Professor Hunter, who is professor
of Genetic Psychology at Clark Uni
versity, is recognized as an authority
in the field of animal behavior.
