# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Mrs Stanford tiled tier third an
nual account as executrix of the
estate last Saturday, showing a
balance on hand of about $20,000.
No change has been made in the
source of revenue, and the outlays
are about the same.
Mrs Stanford tiled tier third an
nual account as executrix of the
estate last Saturday, showing a
balance on hand of about $20,000.
No change has been made in the
source of revenue, and the outlays
are about the same.
Mrs Stanford tiled tier third an
nual account as executrix of the
estate last Saturday, showing a
balance on hand of about $20,000.
No change has been made in the
source of revenue, and the outlays
are about the same.
Mrs Stanford tiled tier third an
nual account as executrix of the
estate last Saturday, showing a
balance on hand of about $20,000.
No change has been made in the
source of revenue, and the outlays
are about the same.
Mrs Stanford tiled tier third an
nual account as executrix of the
estate last Saturday, showing a
balance on hand of about $20,000.
No change has been made in the
source of revenue, and the outlays
are about the same.
