# DR. JORDAN LEAVES FOR NORTH THURSDAY
## 
### 
Owing to the fact that Dr. Jordan
leaves for Portland and Seattle on
next Thursday morning, there will be
no Thoursday evening meeting held
until his return. Dr. Jordan is slated
to speak at several important meet
ings in both Portland and Seattle, and
will not return to the campus until
June 10. The next usual Thursday
evening meeting will thus be held on
June 12.
Owing to the fact that Dr. Jordan
leaves for Portland and Seattle on
next Thursday morning, there will be
no Thoursday evening meeting held
until his return. Dr. Jordan is slated
to speak at several important meet
ings in both Portland and Seattle, and
will not return to the campus until
June 10. The next usual Thursday
evening meeting will thus be held on
June 12.
Owing to the fact that Dr. Jordan
leaves for Portland and Seattle on
next Thursday morning, there will be
no Thoursday evening meeting held
until his return. Dr. Jordan is slated
to speak at several important meet
ings in both Portland and Seattle, and
will not return to the campus until
June 10. The next usual Thursday
evening meeting will thus be held on
June 12.
Owing to the fact that Dr. Jordan
leaves for Portland and Seattle on
next Thursday morning, there will be
no Thoursday evening meeting held
until his return. Dr. Jordan is slated
to speak at several important meet
ings in both Portland and Seattle, and
will not return to the campus until
June 10. The next usual Thursday
evening meeting will thus be held on
June 12.
Owing to the fact that Dr. Jordan
leaves for Portland and Seattle on
next Thursday morning, there will be
no Thoursday evening meeting held
until his return. Dr. Jordan is slated
to speak at several important meet
ings in both Portland and Seattle, and
will not return to the campus until
June 10. The next usual Thursday
evening meeting will thus be held on
June 12.
Owing to the fact that Dr. Jordan
leaves for Portland and Seattle on
next Thursday morning, there will be
no Thoursday evening meeting held
until his return. Dr. Jordan is slated
to speak at several important meet
ings in both Portland and Seattle, and
will not return to the campus until
June 10. The next usual Thursday
evening meeting will thus be held on
June 12.
Owing to the fact that Dr. Jordan
leaves for Portland and Seattle on
next Thursday morning, there will be
no Thoursday evening meeting held
until his return. Dr. Jordan is slated
to speak at several important meet
ings in both Portland and Seattle, and
will not return to the campus until
June 10. The next usual Thursday
evening meeting will thus be held on
June 12.
Owing to the fact that Dr. Jordan
leaves for Portland and Seattle on
next Thursday morning, there will be
no Thoursday evening meeting held
until his return. Dr. Jordan is slated
to speak at several important meet
ings in both Portland and Seattle, and
will not return to the campus until
June 10. The next usual Thursday
evening meeting will thus be held on
June 12.
Owing to the fact that Dr. Jordan
leaves for Portland and Seattle on
next Thursday morning, there will be
no Thoursday evening meeting held
until his return. Dr. Jordan is slated
to speak at several important meet
ings in both Portland and Seattle, and
will not return to the campus until
June 10. The next usual Thursday
evening meeting will thus be held on
June 12.
Owing to the fact that Dr. Jordan
leaves for Portland and Seattle on
next Thursday morning, there will be
no Thoursday evening meeting held
until his return. Dr. Jordan is slated
to speak at several important meet
ings in both Portland and Seattle, and
will not return to the campus until
June 10. The next usual Thursday
evening meeting will thus be held on
June 12.
Owing to the fact that Dr. Jordan
leaves for Portland and Seattle on
next Thursday morning, there will be
no Thoursday evening meeting held
until his return. Dr. Jordan is slated
to speak at several important meet
ings in both Portland and Seattle, and
will not return to the campus until
June 10. The next usual Thursday
evening meeting will thus be held on
June 12.
Owing to the fact that Dr. Jordan
leaves for Portland and Seattle on
next Thursday morning, there will be
no Thoursday evening meeting held
until his return. Dr. Jordan is slated
to speak at several important meet
ings in both Portland and Seattle, and
will not return to the campus until
June 10. The next usual Thursday
evening meeting will thus be held on
June 12.
Owing to the fact that Dr. Jordan
leaves for Portland and Seattle on
next Thursday morning, there will be
no Thoursday evening meeting held
until his return. Dr. Jordan is slated
to speak at several important meet
ings in both Portland and Seattle, and
will not return to the campus until
June 10. The next usual Thursday
evening meeting will thus be held on
June 12.
