# Protein Fibers Talk To Highlight Seminar
## 
### 
Ilarold Lumlgren, chemist <>112
the Protein Division, U.S. De
partment of Agriculture, West- !
crn Regional Laboratory, Albany,
Calif., will speak on "Some As
pects of the Dynamics of Protein
Fibers" at the Biological Science
Department's weekly seminar this
aftcrnon at 4:15 in room 4.'»0 of
Jordan Hall.
The seminar will be preceded
by a tea at 4 p.m. All those in
terested are invited to attend the
seminar.
Ilarold Lumlgren, chemist <>112
the Protein Division, U.S. De
partment of Agriculture, West- !
crn Regional Laboratory, Albany,
Calif., will speak on "Some As
pects of the Dynamics of Protein
Fibers" at the Biological Science
Department's weekly seminar this
aftcrnon at 4:15 in room 4.'»0 of
Jordan Hall.
The seminar will be preceded
by a tea at 4 p.m. All those in
terested are invited to attend the
seminar.
Ilarold Lumlgren, chemist <>112
the Protein Division, U.S. De
partment of Agriculture, West- !
crn Regional Laboratory, Albany,
Calif., will speak on "Some As
pects of the Dynamics of Protein
Fibers" at the Biological Science
Department's weekly seminar this
aftcrnon at 4:15 in room 4.'»0 of
Jordan Hall.
The seminar will be preceded
by a tea at 4 p.m. All those in
terested are invited to attend the
seminar.
Ilarold Lumlgren, chemist <>112
the Protein Division, U.S. De
partment of Agriculture, West- !
crn Regional Laboratory, Albany,
Calif., will speak on "Some As
pects of the Dynamics of Protein
Fibers" at the Biological Science
Department's weekly seminar this
aftcrnon at 4:15 in room 4.'»0 of
Jordan Hall.
The seminar will be preceded
by a tea at 4 p.m. All those in
terested are invited to attend the
seminar.
Ilarold Lumlgren, chemist <>112
the Protein Division, U.S. De
partment of Agriculture, West- !
crn Regional Laboratory, Albany,
Calif., will speak on "Some As
pects of the Dynamics of Protein
Fibers" at the Biological Science
Department's weekly seminar this
aftcrnon at 4:15 in room 4.'»0 of
Jordan Hall.
The seminar will be preceded
by a tea at 4 p.m. All those in
terested are invited to attend the
seminar.
Ilarold Lumlgren, chemist <>112
the Protein Division, U.S. De
partment of Agriculture, West- !
crn Regional Laboratory, Albany,
Calif., will speak on "Some As
pects of the Dynamics of Protein
Fibers" at the Biological Science
Department's weekly seminar this
aftcrnon at 4:15 in room 4.'»0 of
Jordan Hall.
The seminar will be preceded
by a tea at 4 p.m. All those in
terested are invited to attend the
seminar.
Ilarold Lumlgren, chemist <>112
the Protein Division, U.S. De
partment of Agriculture, West- !
crn Regional Laboratory, Albany,
Calif., will speak on "Some As
pects of the Dynamics of Protein
Fibers" at the Biological Science
Department's weekly seminar this
aftcrnon at 4:15 in room 4.'»0 of
Jordan Hall.
The seminar will be preceded
by a tea at 4 p.m. All those in
terested are invited to attend the
seminar.
Ilarold Lumlgren, chemist <>112
the Protein Division, U.S. De
partment of Agriculture, West- !
crn Regional Laboratory, Albany,
Calif., will speak on "Some As
pects of the Dynamics of Protein
Fibers" at the Biological Science
Department's weekly seminar this
aftcrnon at 4:15 in room 4.'»0 of
Jordan Hall.
The seminar will be preceded
by a tea at 4 p.m. All those in
terested are invited to attend the
seminar.
Ilarold Lumlgren, chemist <>112
the Protein Division, U.S. De
partment of Agriculture, West- !
crn Regional Laboratory, Albany,
Calif., will speak on "Some As
pects of the Dynamics of Protein
Fibers" at the Biological Science
Department's weekly seminar this
aftcrnon at 4:15 in room 4.'»0 of
Jordan Hall.
The seminar will be preceded
by a tea at 4 p.m. All those in
terested are invited to attend the
seminar.
Ilarold Lumlgren, chemist <>112
the Protein Division, U.S. De
partment of Agriculture, West- !
crn Regional Laboratory, Albany,
Calif., will speak on "Some As
pects of the Dynamics of Protein
Fibers" at the Biological Science
Department's weekly seminar this
aftcrnon at 4:15 in room 4.'»0 of
Jordan Hall.
The seminar will be preceded
by a tea at 4 p.m. All those in
terested are invited to attend the
seminar.
Ilarold Lumlgren, chemist <>112
the Protein Division, U.S. De
partment of Agriculture, West- !
crn Regional Laboratory, Albany,
Calif., will speak on "Some As
pects of the Dynamics of Protein
Fibers" at the Biological Science
Department's weekly seminar this
aftcrnon at 4:15 in room 4.'»0 of
Jordan Hall.
The seminar will be preceded
by a tea at 4 p.m. All those in
terested are invited to attend the
seminar.
Ilarold Lumlgren, chemist <>112
the Protein Division, U.S. De
partment of Agriculture, West- !
crn Regional Laboratory, Albany,
Calif., will speak on "Some As
pects of the Dynamics of Protein
Fibers" at the Biological Science
Department's weekly seminar this
aftcrnon at 4:15 in room 4.'»0 of
Jordan Hall.
The seminar will be preceded
by a tea at 4 p.m. All those in
terested are invited to attend the
seminar.
Ilarold Lumlgren, chemist <>112
the Protein Division, U.S. De
partment of Agriculture, West- !
crn Regional Laboratory, Albany,
Calif., will speak on "Some As
pects of the Dynamics of Protein
Fibers" at the Biological Science
Department's weekly seminar this
aftcrnon at 4:15 in room 4.'»0 of
Jordan Hall.
The seminar will be preceded
by a tea at 4 p.m. All those in
terested are invited to attend the
seminar.
Ilarold Lumlgren, chemist <>112
the Protein Division, U.S. De
partment of Agriculture, West- !
crn Regional Laboratory, Albany,
Calif., will speak on "Some As
pects of the Dynamics of Protein
Fibers" at the Biological Science
Department's weekly seminar this
aftcrnon at 4:15 in room 4.'»0 of
Jordan Hall.
The seminar will be preceded
by a tea at 4 p.m. All those in
terested are invited to attend the
seminar.
Ilarold Lumlgren, chemist <>112
the Protein Division, U.S. De
partment of Agriculture, West- !
crn Regional Laboratory, Albany,
Calif., will speak on "Some As
pects of the Dynamics of Protein
Fibers" at the Biological Science
Department's weekly seminar this
aftcrnon at 4:15 in room 4.'»0 of
Jordan Hall.
The seminar will be preceded
by a tea at 4 p.m. All those in
terested are invited to attend the
seminar.
