# HOOVER FOR FOOD RESEARCH
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, March . r > (UP).—
Former President Herbert Hoover,
who directed relief programs in Eu
rope after World War I, has accept
ed President Truman's invitation to
go to Europe to investigate food
needs in starvation areas, it was
disclosed today.
WASHINGTON, March . r > (UP).—
Former President Herbert Hoover,
who directed relief programs in Eu
rope after World War I, has accept
ed President Truman's invitation to
go to Europe to investigate food
needs in starvation areas, it was
disclosed today.
WASHINGTON, March . r > (UP).—
Former President Herbert Hoover,
who directed relief programs in Eu
rope after World War I, has accept
ed President Truman's invitation to
go to Europe to investigate food
needs in starvation areas, it was
disclosed today.
WASHINGTON, March . r > (UP).—
Former President Herbert Hoover,
who directed relief programs in Eu
rope after World War I, has accept
ed President Truman's invitation to
go to Europe to investigate food
needs in starvation areas, it was
disclosed today.
WASHINGTON, March . r > (UP).—
Former President Herbert Hoover,
who directed relief programs in Eu
rope after World War I, has accept
ed President Truman's invitation to
go to Europe to investigate food
needs in starvation areas, it was
disclosed today.
WASHINGTON, March . r > (UP).—
Former President Herbert Hoover,
who directed relief programs in Eu
rope after World War I, has accept
ed President Truman's invitation to
go to Europe to investigate food
needs in starvation areas, it was
disclosed today.
WASHINGTON, March . r > (UP).—
Former President Herbert Hoover,
who directed relief programs in Eu
rope after World War I, has accept
ed President Truman's invitation to
go to Europe to investigate food
needs in starvation areas, it was
disclosed today.
WASHINGTON, March . r > (UP).—
Former President Herbert Hoover,
who directed relief programs in Eu
rope after World War I, has accept
ed President Truman's invitation to
go to Europe to investigate food
needs in starvation areas, it was
disclosed today.
WASHINGTON, March . r > (UP).—
Former President Herbert Hoover,
who directed relief programs in Eu
rope after World War I, has accept
ed President Truman's invitation to
go to Europe to investigate food
needs in starvation areas, it was
disclosed today.
WASHINGTON, March . r > (UP).—
Former President Herbert Hoover,
who directed relief programs in Eu
rope after World War I, has accept
ed President Truman's invitation to
go to Europe to investigate food
needs in starvation areas, it was
disclosed today.
WASHINGTON, March . r > (UP).—
Former President Herbert Hoover,
who directed relief programs in Eu
rope after World War I, has accept
ed President Truman's invitation to
go to Europe to investigate food
needs in starvation areas, it was
disclosed today.
WASHINGTON, March . r > (UP).—
Former President Herbert Hoover,
who directed relief programs in Eu
rope after World War I, has accept
ed President Truman's invitation to
go to Europe to investigate food
needs in starvation areas, it was
disclosed today.
WASHINGTON, March . r > (UP).—
Former President Herbert Hoover,
who directed relief programs in Eu
rope after World War I, has accept
ed President Truman's invitation to
go to Europe to investigate food
needs in starvation areas, it was
disclosed today.
WASHINGTON, March . r > (UP).—
Former President Herbert Hoover,
who directed relief programs in Eu
rope after World War I, has accept
ed President Truman's invitation to
go to Europe to investigate food
needs in starvation areas, it was
disclosed today.
WASHINGTON, March . r > (UP).—
Former President Herbert Hoover,
who directed relief programs in Eu
rope after World War I, has accept
ed President Truman's invitation to
go to Europe to investigate food
needs in starvation areas, it was
disclosed today.
