# Untitled Article
## 
### 

WILL ROGERS, Jr., who will
speak at the Veterans' meeting
tonight.

WILL ROGERS, Jr., who will
speak at the Veterans' meeting
tonight.

WILL ROGERS, Jr., who will
speak at the Veterans' meeting
tonight.

WILL ROGERS, Jr., who will
speak at the Veterans' meeting
tonight.

WILL ROGERS, Jr., who will
speak at the Veterans' meeting
tonight.

WILL ROGERS, Jr., who will
speak at the Veterans' meeting
tonight.

WILL ROGERS, Jr., who will
speak at the Veterans' meeting
tonight.

WILL ROGERS, Jr., who will
speak at the Veterans' meeting
tonight.

WILL ROGERS, Jr., who will
speak at the Veterans' meeting
tonight.

WILL ROGERS, Jr., who will
speak at the Veterans' meeting
tonight.

WILL ROGERS, Jr., who will
speak at the Veterans' meeting
tonight.

WILL ROGERS, Jr., who will
speak at the Veterans' meeting
tonight.

WILL ROGERS, Jr., who will
speak at the Veterans' meeting
tonight.

WILL ROGERS, Jr., who will
speak at the Veterans' meeting
tonight.

WILL ROGERS, Jr., who will
speak at the Veterans' meeting
tonight.
