# Entries Announced For P.A.A. Meet
## 
### 
Entries for the P. A. A. track meet,
which will be held on the California
oval Saturday afternoon, beginning
promptly at 1 o'clock, were an
nounced today, and include freshmen.
The University of California and the
Olympic and Caledonian Clubs have
also entered teams.
The follownig men will represent
Stanford:
100-Yard Dash—F. S. Murray, Davis,
Wark, Kirksey.
220-Yard Dash —F. S. Murray, Davis,
Wark, Kirksey.
440-Yard Dash—Lynn, Hertel, Diev
endorff, Burch, Rogers.
880-Yards—Sclinell, Aupperle, Price,
P. R. Wilson.
Mile—P. R. Wilson, A. Wilson, Aup
perle, Chapman, Foster, Teitsworth,
Loucks, Frye.
120-Yard Hurdles —Murray, Norton,
Halsted.
220-Yard Hurdles —Murray, Norton,
Halsted.
Five Mile —A. Wilson, Chapman,
Loucks.
Hammer Throw —Caughey, Gilles
pie, Endersby.
Shot Put—Caughey, Sheldon, F. S.
Murray.
Javelin—Caughey, Sheldon, Johan
sen, Curtice, Chandler, J. W. Temple
ton.
Discus —Gillespie, Chandler, Shel
don, Caughey.
Broad .Tump—Laclimund, Wheatly,
Dingley.
High Jump—Dykes, Dingley, Lacli
mund. Wheatly.
Pole Vault —J. W. Templeton, Hut
chinson.
Hop, Step and Jump—Wheatly.
