# POKER GAME BRINGS MUCH HARD LUCK TO T.B. JOHNS
## 
### 
Legalized poker! That was the
order of things last night when T. B.
Johns and G. B. Nettleton of the
Eureka Digestive Pill Co., under the
watchful eye of their attorney, settled
the argument as to which was the
brains and which was the pawn of
their partnership.
T. B. Johns lost. As a result he is
one of the most unfortunate men in
the business world. According to the
contract made before the poker draw,
he will have to enter the Nettleton
household as a butler. His lips are
sealed to secrecy and there is a for
feiture of $5000 and his share of the
business, if he breaks the agreement.
A trj\gical turn to the affair was
added this morning when it was learn
ed from an outside source that the
Nettletons are to have as a liouse
guest, Miss Florence Cole, of San
.Tose, to whom the unfortunate Johns
is engaged.
Johns is cursing his luck, and well
he may. Both men drew low hands in
the poker settlement, but Nettleton
had bis finders crossed, and won on a
"Pair of Sixes." Johns declared he
made his error in crossing his legs
instead of bis fingers.
Legalized poker! That was the
order of things last night when T. B.
Johns and G. B. Nettleton of the
Eureka Digestive Pill Co., under the
watchful eye of their attorney, settled
the argument as to which was the
brains and which was the pawn of
their partnership.
T. B. Johns lost. As a result he is
one of the most unfortunate men in
the business world. According to the
contract made before the poker draw,
he will have to enter the Nettleton
household as a butler. His lips are
sealed to secrecy and there is a for
feiture of $5000 and his share of the
business, if he breaks the agreement.
A trj\gical turn to the affair was
added this morning when it was learn
ed from an outside source that the
Nettletons are to have as a liouse
guest, Miss Florence Cole, of San
.Tose, to whom the unfortunate Johns
is engaged.
Johns is cursing his luck, and well
he may. Both men drew low hands in
the poker settlement, but Nettleton
had bis finders crossed, and won on a
"Pair of Sixes." Johns declared he
made his error in crossing his legs
instead of bis fingers.
Legalized poker! That was the
order of things last night when T. B.
Johns and G. B. Nettleton of the
Eureka Digestive Pill Co., under the
watchful eye of their attorney, settled
the argument as to which was the
brains and which was the pawn of
their partnership.
T. B. Johns lost. As a result he is
one of the most unfortunate men in
the business world. According to the
contract made before the poker draw,
he will have to enter the Nettleton
household as a butler. His lips are
sealed to secrecy and there is a for
feiture of $5000 and his share of the
business, if he breaks the agreement.
A trj\gical turn to the affair was
added this morning when it was learn
ed from an outside source that the
Nettletons are to have as a liouse
guest, Miss Florence Cole, of San
.Tose, to whom the unfortunate Johns
is engaged.
Johns is cursing his luck, and well
he may. Both men drew low hands in
the poker settlement, but Nettleton
had bis finders crossed, and won on a
"Pair of Sixes." Johns declared he
made his error in crossing his legs
instead of bis fingers.
Legalized poker! That was the
order of things last night when T. B.
Johns and G. B. Nettleton of the
Eureka Digestive Pill Co., under the
watchful eye of their attorney, settled
the argument as to which was the
brains and which was the pawn of
their partnership.
T. B. Johns lost. As a result he is
one of the most unfortunate men in
the business world. According to the
contract made before the poker draw,
he will have to enter the Nettleton
household as a butler. His lips are
sealed to secrecy and there is a for
feiture of $5000 and his share of the
business, if he breaks the agreement.
A trj\gical turn to the affair was
added this morning when it was learn
ed from an outside source that the
Nettletons are to have as a liouse
guest, Miss Florence Cole, of San
.Tose, to whom the unfortunate Johns
is engaged.
Johns is cursing his luck, and well
he may. Both men drew low hands in
the poker settlement, but Nettleton
had bis finders crossed, and won on a
"Pair of Sixes." Johns declared he
made his error in crossing his legs
instead of bis fingers.
Legalized poker! That was the
order of things last night when T. B.
Johns and G. B. Nettleton of the
Eureka Digestive Pill Co., under the
watchful eye of their attorney, settled
the argument as to which was the
brains and which was the pawn of
their partnership.
T. B. Johns lost. As a result he is
one of the most unfortunate men in
the business world. According to the
contract made before the poker draw,
he will have to enter the Nettleton
household as a butler. His lips are
sealed to secrecy and there is a for
feiture of $5000 and his share of the
business, if he breaks the agreement.
A trj\gical turn to the affair was
added this morning when it was learn
ed from an outside source that the
Nettletons are to have as a liouse
guest, Miss Florence Cole, of San
.Tose, to whom the unfortunate Johns
is engaged.
Johns is cursing his luck, and well
he may. Both men drew low hands in
the poker settlement, but Nettleton
had bis finders crossed, and won on a
"Pair of Sixes." Johns declared he
made his error in crossing his legs
instead of bis fingers.
Legalized poker! That was the
order of things last night when T. B.
Johns and G. B. Nettleton of the
Eureka Digestive Pill Co., under the
watchful eye of their attorney, settled
the argument as to which was the
brains and which was the pawn of
their partnership.
T. B. Johns lost. As a result he is
one of the most unfortunate men in
the business world. According to the
contract made before the poker draw,
he will have to enter the Nettleton
household as a butler. His lips are
sealed to secrecy and there is a for
feiture of $5000 and his share of the
business, if he breaks the agreement.
A trj\gical turn to the affair was
added this morning when it was learn
ed from an outside source that the
Nettletons are to have as a liouse
guest, Miss Florence Cole, of San
.Tose, to whom the unfortunate Johns
is engaged.
Johns is cursing his luck, and well
he may. Both men drew low hands in
the poker settlement, but Nettleton
had bis finders crossed, and won on a
"Pair of Sixes." Johns declared he
made his error in crossing his legs
instead of bis fingers.
Legalized poker! That was the
order of things last night when T. B.
Johns and G. B. Nettleton of the
Eureka Digestive Pill Co., under the
watchful eye of their attorney, settled
the argument as to which was the
brains and which was the pawn of
their partnership.
T. B. Johns lost. As a result he is
one of the most unfortunate men in
the business world. According to the
contract made before the poker draw,
he will have to enter the Nettleton
household as a butler. His lips are
sealed to secrecy and there is a for
feiture of $5000 and his share of the
business, if he breaks the agreement.
A trj\gical turn to the affair was
added this morning when it was learn
ed from an outside source that the
Nettletons are to have as a liouse
guest, Miss Florence Cole, of San
.Tose, to whom the unfortunate Johns
is engaged.
Johns is cursing his luck, and well
he may. Both men drew low hands in
the poker settlement, but Nettleton
had bis finders crossed, and won on a
"Pair of Sixes." Johns declared he
made his error in crossing his legs
instead of bis fingers.
Legalized poker! That was the
order of things last night when T. B.
Johns and G. B. Nettleton of the
Eureka Digestive Pill Co., under the
watchful eye of their attorney, settled
the argument as to which was the
brains and which was the pawn of
their partnership.
T. B. Johns lost. As a result he is
one of the most unfortunate men in
the business world. According to the
contract made before the poker draw,
he will have to enter the Nettleton
household as a butler. His lips are
sealed to secrecy and there is a for
feiture of $5000 and his share of the
business, if he breaks the agreement.
A trj\gical turn to the affair was
added this morning when it was learn
ed from an outside source that the
Nettletons are to have as a liouse
guest, Miss Florence Cole, of San
.Tose, to whom the unfortunate Johns
is engaged.
Johns is cursing his luck, and well
he may. Both men drew low hands in
the poker settlement, but Nettleton
had bis finders crossed, and won on a
"Pair of Sixes." Johns declared he
made his error in crossing his legs
instead of bis fingers.
Legalized poker! That was the
order of things last night when T. B.
Johns and G. B. Nettleton of the
Eureka Digestive Pill Co., under the
watchful eye of their attorney, settled
the argument as to which was the
brains and which was the pawn of
their partnership.
T. B. Johns lost. As a result he is
one of the most unfortunate men in
the business world. According to the
contract made before the poker draw,
he will have to enter the Nettleton
household as a butler. His lips are
sealed to secrecy and there is a for
feiture of $5000 and his share of the
business, if he breaks the agreement.
A trj\gical turn to the affair was
added this morning when it was learn
ed from an outside source that the
Nettletons are to have as a liouse
guest, Miss Florence Cole, of San
.Tose, to whom the unfortunate Johns
is engaged.
Johns is cursing his luck, and well
he may. Both men drew low hands in
the poker settlement, but Nettleton
had bis finders crossed, and won on a
"Pair of Sixes." Johns declared he
made his error in crossing his legs
instead of bis fingers.
Legalized poker! That was the
order of things last night when T. B.
Johns and G. B. Nettleton of the
Eureka Digestive Pill Co., under the
watchful eye of their attorney, settled
the argument as to which was the
brains and which was the pawn of
their partnership.
T. B. Johns lost. As a result he is
one of the most unfortunate men in
the business world. According to the
contract made before the poker draw,
he will have to enter the Nettleton
household as a butler. His lips are
sealed to secrecy and there is a for
feiture of $5000 and his share of the
business, if he breaks the agreement.
A trj\gical turn to the affair was
added this morning when it was learn
ed from an outside source that the
Nettletons are to have as a liouse
guest, Miss Florence Cole, of San
.Tose, to whom the unfortunate Johns
is engaged.
Johns is cursing his luck, and well
he may. Both men drew low hands in
the poker settlement, but Nettleton
had bis finders crossed, and won on a
"Pair of Sixes." Johns declared he
made his error in crossing his legs
instead of bis fingers.
Legalized poker! That was the
order of things last night when T. B.
Johns and G. B. Nettleton of the
Eureka Digestive Pill Co., under the
watchful eye of their attorney, settled
the argument as to which was the
brains and which was the pawn of
their partnership.
T. B. Johns lost. As a result he is
one of the most unfortunate men in
the business world. According to the
contract made before the poker draw,
he will have to enter the Nettleton
household as a butler. His lips are
sealed to secrecy and there is a for
feiture of $5000 and his share of the
business, if he breaks the agreement.
A trj\gical turn to the affair was
added this morning when it was learn
ed from an outside source that the
Nettletons are to have as a liouse
guest, Miss Florence Cole, of San
.Tose, to whom the unfortunate Johns
is engaged.
Johns is cursing his luck, and well
he may. Both men drew low hands in
the poker settlement, but Nettleton
had bis finders crossed, and won on a
"Pair of Sixes." Johns declared he
made his error in crossing his legs
instead of bis fingers.
Legalized poker! That was the
order of things last night when T. B.
Johns and G. B. Nettleton of the
Eureka Digestive Pill Co., under the
watchful eye of their attorney, settled
the argument as to which was the
brains and which was the pawn of
their partnership.
T. B. Johns lost. As a result he is
one of the most unfortunate men in
the business world. According to the
contract made before the poker draw,
he will have to enter the Nettleton
household as a butler. His lips are
sealed to secrecy and there is a for
feiture of $5000 and his share of the
business, if he breaks the agreement.
A trj\gical turn to the affair was
added this morning when it was learn
ed from an outside source that the
Nettletons are to have as a liouse
guest, Miss Florence Cole, of San
.Tose, to whom the unfortunate Johns
is engaged.
Johns is cursing his luck, and well
he may. Both men drew low hands in
the poker settlement, but Nettleton
had bis finders crossed, and won on a
"Pair of Sixes." Johns declared he
made his error in crossing his legs
instead of bis fingers.
Legalized poker! That was the
order of things last night when T. B.
Johns and G. B. Nettleton of the
Eureka Digestive Pill Co., under the
watchful eye of their attorney, settled
the argument as to which was the
brains and which was the pawn of
their partnership.
T. B. Johns lost. As a result he is
one of the most unfortunate men in
the business world. According to the
contract made before the poker draw,
he will have to enter the Nettleton
household as a butler. His lips are
sealed to secrecy and there is a for
feiture of $5000 and his share of the
business, if he breaks the agreement.
A trj\gical turn to the affair was
added this morning when it was learn
ed from an outside source that the
Nettletons are to have as a liouse
guest, Miss Florence Cole, of San
.Tose, to whom the unfortunate Johns
is engaged.
Johns is cursing his luck, and well
he may. Both men drew low hands in
the poker settlement, but Nettleton
had bis finders crossed, and won on a
"Pair of Sixes." Johns declared he
made his error in crossing his legs
instead of bis fingers.
Legalized poker! That was the
order of things last night when T. B.
Johns and G. B. Nettleton of the
Eureka Digestive Pill Co., under the
watchful eye of their attorney, settled
the argument as to which was the
brains and which was the pawn of
their partnership.
T. B. Johns lost. As a result he is
one of the most unfortunate men in
the business world. According to the
contract made before the poker draw,
he will have to enter the Nettleton
household as a butler. His lips are
sealed to secrecy and there is a for
feiture of $5000 and his share of the
business, if he breaks the agreement.
A trj\gical turn to the affair was
added this morning when it was learn
ed from an outside source that the
Nettletons are to have as a liouse
guest, Miss Florence Cole, of San
.Tose, to whom the unfortunate Johns
is engaged.
Johns is cursing his luck, and well
he may. Both men drew low hands in
the poker settlement, but Nettleton
had bis finders crossed, and won on a
"Pair of Sixes." Johns declared he
made his error in crossing his legs
instead of bis fingers.
