# VESPER SERVICE SUNDAY
## 
### 
The first of a series of Sunday
Vesper Services will be held next
Sunday, in the Laurence Frost Am
phitheater at 4:30 o'clock. Those at
tending are asked to bring cushions
or blankets if they do not wish to
sit on the grass.
The first of a series of Sunday
Vesper Services will be held next
Sunday, in the Laurence Frost Am
phitheater at 4:30 o'clock. Those at
tending are asked to bring cushions
or blankets if they do not wish to
sit on the grass.
The first of a series of Sunday
Vesper Services will be held next
Sunday, in the Laurence Frost Am
phitheater at 4:30 o'clock. Those at
tending are asked to bring cushions
or blankets if they do not wish to
sit on the grass.
The first of a series of Sunday
Vesper Services will be held next
Sunday, in the Laurence Frost Am
phitheater at 4:30 o'clock. Those at
tending are asked to bring cushions
or blankets if they do not wish to
sit on the grass.
The first of a series of Sunday
Vesper Services will be held next
Sunday, in the Laurence Frost Am
phitheater at 4:30 o'clock. Those at
tending are asked to bring cushions
or blankets if they do not wish to
sit on the grass.
The first of a series of Sunday
Vesper Services will be held next
Sunday, in the Laurence Frost Am
phitheater at 4:30 o'clock. Those at
tending are asked to bring cushions
or blankets if they do not wish to
sit on the grass.
The first of a series of Sunday
Vesper Services will be held next
Sunday, in the Laurence Frost Am
phitheater at 4:30 o'clock. Those at
tending are asked to bring cushions
or blankets if they do not wish to
sit on the grass.
The first of a series of Sunday
Vesper Services will be held next
Sunday, in the Laurence Frost Am
phitheater at 4:30 o'clock. Those at
tending are asked to bring cushions
or blankets if they do not wish to
sit on the grass.
The first of a series of Sunday
Vesper Services will be held next
Sunday, in the Laurence Frost Am
phitheater at 4:30 o'clock. Those at
tending are asked to bring cushions
or blankets if they do not wish to
sit on the grass.
The first of a series of Sunday
Vesper Services will be held next
Sunday, in the Laurence Frost Am
phitheater at 4:30 o'clock. Those at
tending are asked to bring cushions
or blankets if they do not wish to
sit on the grass.
The first of a series of Sunday
Vesper Services will be held next
Sunday, in the Laurence Frost Am
phitheater at 4:30 o'clock. Those at
tending are asked to bring cushions
or blankets if they do not wish to
sit on the grass.
The first of a series of Sunday
Vesper Services will be held next
Sunday, in the Laurence Frost Am
phitheater at 4:30 o'clock. Those at
tending are asked to bring cushions
or blankets if they do not wish to
sit on the grass.
The first of a series of Sunday
Vesper Services will be held next
Sunday, in the Laurence Frost Am
phitheater at 4:30 o'clock. Those at
tending are asked to bring cushions
or blankets if they do not wish to
sit on the grass.
The first of a series of Sunday
Vesper Services will be held next
Sunday, in the Laurence Frost Am
phitheater at 4:30 o'clock. Those at
tending are asked to bring cushions
or blankets if they do not wish to
sit on the grass.
The first of a series of Sunday
Vesper Services will be held next
Sunday, in the Laurence Frost Am
phitheater at 4:30 o'clock. Those at
tending are asked to bring cushions
or blankets if they do not wish to
sit on the grass.
The first of a series of Sunday
Vesper Services will be held next
Sunday, in the Laurence Frost Am
phitheater at 4:30 o'clock. Those at
tending are asked to bring cushions
or blankets if they do not wish to
sit on the grass.
The first of a series of Sunday
Vesper Services will be held next
Sunday, in the Laurence Frost Am
phitheater at 4:30 o'clock. Those at
tending are asked to bring cushions
or blankets if they do not wish to
sit on the grass.
