# Accident Kills Two
## 
### 
An auto accident on campus
early yesterday morning took the
lives of two Mountain View
residents.
Dead are Daniel Malone. 20, of
1885 Lime Tree Ln., and Richard
Moore, 20, of 670 Lola Ln.
California Highway Patrol
officers on the scene said the
accident occurred at about 2 a.m.
when their car-pickup, heading
north on Junipero Serra Blvd., left
the road about 200 yards north of
the Mayfield Ave.-Serra
intersection.
The car plunged over a 10'
embankment, glanced off a tree,
snapped two telephone poles,
rolled several times, and came to
rest on its roof some 175' from

the spot where it left the road.
Firemen arriving on the scene
were unable to use jacks to right
the car because of the soft mud,
but about 20 residents of nearby
fraternities helped roll the car
over.
Malone was reported dead on
arrival at Stanford Hospital.
Moore, the driver, died late
yesterday afternoon.
