# Adv. 10 Page 9
## 
### 
MS
Unattended cooking is
the number one cause
of home fires.
Pay close attention
when you're
cooking and
stay in the kitchen.
MS
Unattended cooking is
the number one cause
of home fires.
Pay close attention
when you're
cooking and
stay in the kitchen.
MS
Unattended cooking is
the number one cause
of home fires.
Pay close attention
when you're
cooking and
stay in the kitchen.
MS
Unattended cooking is
the number one cause
of home fires.
Pay close attention
when you're
cooking and
stay in the kitchen.
MS
Unattended cooking is
the number one cause
of home fires.
Pay close attention
when you're
cooking and
stay in the kitchen.
MS
Unattended cooking is
the number one cause
of home fires.
Pay close attention
when you're
cooking and
stay in the kitchen.
MS
Unattended cooking is
the number one cause
of home fires.
Pay close attention
when you're
cooking and
stay in the kitchen.
MS
Unattended cooking is
the number one cause
of home fires.
Pay close attention
when you're
cooking and
stay in the kitchen.
MS
Unattended cooking is
the number one cause
of home fires.
Pay close attention
when you're
cooking and
stay in the kitchen.
