# CHRISTIAN FELLOWSHIP
## 
### 
Inter - Varsity Christian Fe'.low
jhip will meet Tuesday evening at
7:30 in the Women's Clubhouse on
the first floor for prayer, fellowship.

and to hear Rev. White from San
Mateo speak on "Consecration."
Inter - Varsity Christian Fe'.low
jhip will meet Tuesday evening at
7:30 in the Women's Clubhouse on
the first floor for prayer, fellowship.

and to hear Rev. White from San
Mateo speak on "Consecration."
Inter - Varsity Christian Fe'.low
jhip will meet Tuesday evening at
7:30 in the Women's Clubhouse on
the first floor for prayer, fellowship.

and to hear Rev. White from San
Mateo speak on "Consecration."
Inter - Varsity Christian Fe'.low
jhip will meet Tuesday evening at
7:30 in the Women's Clubhouse on
the first floor for prayer, fellowship.

and to hear Rev. White from San
Mateo speak on "Consecration."
Inter - Varsity Christian Fe'.low
jhip will meet Tuesday evening at
7:30 in the Women's Clubhouse on
the first floor for prayer, fellowship.

and to hear Rev. White from San
Mateo speak on "Consecration."
Inter - Varsity Christian Fe'.low
jhip will meet Tuesday evening at
7:30 in the Women's Clubhouse on
the first floor for prayer, fellowship.

and to hear Rev. White from San
Mateo speak on "Consecration."
Inter - Varsity Christian Fe'.low
jhip will meet Tuesday evening at
7:30 in the Women's Clubhouse on
the first floor for prayer, fellowship.

and to hear Rev. White from San
Mateo speak on "Consecration."
Inter - Varsity Christian Fe'.low
jhip will meet Tuesday evening at
7:30 in the Women's Clubhouse on
the first floor for prayer, fellowship.

and to hear Rev. White from San
Mateo speak on "Consecration."
Inter - Varsity Christian Fe'.low
jhip will meet Tuesday evening at
7:30 in the Women's Clubhouse on
the first floor for prayer, fellowship.

and to hear Rev. White from San
Mateo speak on "Consecration."
Inter - Varsity Christian Fe'.low
jhip will meet Tuesday evening at
7:30 in the Women's Clubhouse on
the first floor for prayer, fellowship.

and to hear Rev. White from San
Mateo speak on "Consecration."
Inter - Varsity Christian Fe'.low
jhip will meet Tuesday evening at
7:30 in the Women's Clubhouse on
the first floor for prayer, fellowship.

and to hear Rev. White from San
Mateo speak on "Consecration."
Inter - Varsity Christian Fe'.low
jhip will meet Tuesday evening at
7:30 in the Women's Clubhouse on
the first floor for prayer, fellowship.

and to hear Rev. White from San
Mateo speak on "Consecration."
Inter - Varsity Christian Fe'.low
jhip will meet Tuesday evening at
7:30 in the Women's Clubhouse on
the first floor for prayer, fellowship.

and to hear Rev. White from San
Mateo speak on "Consecration."
Inter - Varsity Christian Fe'.low
jhip will meet Tuesday evening at
7:30 in the Women's Clubhouse on
the first floor for prayer, fellowship.

and to hear Rev. White from San
Mateo speak on "Consecration."
