# On Your Dial-880
## 
### 
Every Friday night, KZSU con
ducts a four-hour request program
from 7 to 11. Telephone in your
favorite requests to DA 2-3971.
SUNDAY
7:oo—Music at Seven
7:3o—Meet the Institute
7:4s—Ahead of the News
B:oo—Cardinal Classics
o:oo—Music for Studying
10:00—Operation Rhythm
10:.'50—Records for Romance
11:00—News

Every Friday night, KZSU con
ducts a four-hour request program
from 7 to 11. Telephone in your
favorite requests to DA 2-3971.
SUNDAY
7:oo—Music at Seven
7:3o—Meet the Institute
7:4s—Ahead of the News
B:oo—Cardinal Classics
o:oo—Music for Studying
10:00—Operation Rhythm
10:.'50—Records for Romance
11:00—News

Every Friday night, KZSU con
ducts a four-hour request program
from 7 to 11. Telephone in your
favorite requests to DA 2-3971.
SUNDAY
7:oo—Music at Seven
7:3o—Meet the Institute
7:4s—Ahead of the News
B:oo—Cardinal Classics
o:oo—Music for Studying
10:00—Operation Rhythm
10:.'50—Records for Romance
11:00—News

Every Friday night, KZSU con
ducts a four-hour request program
from 7 to 11. Telephone in your
favorite requests to DA 2-3971.
SUNDAY
7:oo—Music at Seven
7:3o—Meet the Institute
7:4s—Ahead of the News
B:oo—Cardinal Classics
o:oo—Music for Studying
10:00—Operation Rhythm
10:.'50—Records for Romance
11:00—News

Every Friday night, KZSU con
ducts a four-hour request program
from 7 to 11. Telephone in your
favorite requests to DA 2-3971.
SUNDAY
7:oo—Music at Seven
7:3o—Meet the Institute
7:4s—Ahead of the News
B:oo—Cardinal Classics
o:oo—Music for Studying
10:00—Operation Rhythm
10:.'50—Records for Romance
11:00—News

Every Friday night, KZSU con
ducts a four-hour request program
from 7 to 11. Telephone in your
favorite requests to DA 2-3971.
SUNDAY
7:oo—Music at Seven
7:3o—Meet the Institute
7:4s—Ahead of the News
B:oo—Cardinal Classics
o:oo—Music for Studying
10:00—Operation Rhythm
10:.'50—Records for Romance
11:00—News

Every Friday night, KZSU con
ducts a four-hour request program
from 7 to 11. Telephone in your
favorite requests to DA 2-3971.
SUNDAY
7:oo—Music at Seven
7:3o—Meet the Institute
7:4s—Ahead of the News
B:oo—Cardinal Classics
o:oo—Music for Studying
10:00—Operation Rhythm
10:.'50—Records for Romance
11:00—News

Every Friday night, KZSU con
ducts a four-hour request program
from 7 to 11. Telephone in your
favorite requests to DA 2-3971.
SUNDAY
7:oo—Music at Seven
7:3o—Meet the Institute
7:4s—Ahead of the News
B:oo—Cardinal Classics
o:oo—Music for Studying
10:00—Operation Rhythm
10:.'50—Records for Romance
11:00—News

Every Friday night, KZSU con
ducts a four-hour request program
from 7 to 11. Telephone in your
favorite requests to DA 2-3971.
SUNDAY
7:oo—Music at Seven
7:3o—Meet the Institute
7:4s—Ahead of the News
B:oo—Cardinal Classics
o:oo—Music for Studying
10:00—Operation Rhythm
10:.'50—Records for Romance
11:00—News

Every Friday night, KZSU con
ducts a four-hour request program
from 7 to 11. Telephone in your
favorite requests to DA 2-3971.
SUNDAY
7:oo—Music at Seven
7:3o—Meet the Institute
7:4s—Ahead of the News
B:oo—Cardinal Classics
o:oo—Music for Studying
10:00—Operation Rhythm
10:.'50—Records for Romance
11:00—News

Every Friday night, KZSU con
ducts a four-hour request program
from 7 to 11. Telephone in your
favorite requests to DA 2-3971.
SUNDAY
7:oo—Music at Seven
7:3o—Meet the Institute
7:4s—Ahead of the News
B:oo—Cardinal Classics
o:oo—Music for Studying
10:00—Operation Rhythm
10:.'50—Records for Romance
11:00—News

Every Friday night, KZSU con
ducts a four-hour request program
from 7 to 11. Telephone in your
favorite requests to DA 2-3971.
SUNDAY
7:oo—Music at Seven
7:3o—Meet the Institute
7:4s—Ahead of the News
B:oo—Cardinal Classics
o:oo—Music for Studying
10:00—Operation Rhythm
10:.'50—Records for Romance
11:00—News

Every Friday night, KZSU con
ducts a four-hour request program
from 7 to 11. Telephone in your
favorite requests to DA 2-3971.
SUNDAY
7:oo—Music at Seven
7:3o—Meet the Institute
7:4s—Ahead of the News
B:oo—Cardinal Classics
o:oo—Music for Studying
10:00—Operation Rhythm
10:.'50—Records for Romance
11:00—News

Every Friday night, KZSU con
ducts a four-hour request program
from 7 to 11. Telephone in your
favorite requests to DA 2-3971.
SUNDAY
7:oo—Music at Seven
7:3o—Meet the Institute
7:4s—Ahead of the News
B:oo—Cardinal Classics
o:oo—Music for Studying
10:00—Operation Rhythm
10:.'50—Records for Romance
11:00—News

