# SUNDAY SERVICE
## 
### 
At the 11 a.m. worship service in
the Memorial Church, Rev. R. M.
Minto will preach. His sermon topL*
is "The Christian Way." Ushers and
readers are needed for the Sunday
services. Anyone interested, please
leave name with the secretary in
the vestry.
At the 11 a.m. worship service in
the Memorial Church, Rev. R. M.
Minto will preach. His sermon topL*
is "The Christian Way." Ushers and
readers are needed for the Sunday
services. Anyone interested, please
leave name with the secretary in
the vestry.
At the 11 a.m. worship service in
the Memorial Church, Rev. R. M.
Minto will preach. His sermon topL*
is "The Christian Way." Ushers and
readers are needed for the Sunday
services. Anyone interested, please
leave name with the secretary in
the vestry.
At the 11 a.m. worship service in
the Memorial Church, Rev. R. M.
Minto will preach. His sermon topL*
is "The Christian Way." Ushers and
readers are needed for the Sunday
services. Anyone interested, please
leave name with the secretary in
the vestry.
At the 11 a.m. worship service in
the Memorial Church, Rev. R. M.
Minto will preach. His sermon topL*
is "The Christian Way." Ushers and
readers are needed for the Sunday
services. Anyone interested, please
leave name with the secretary in
the vestry.
At the 11 a.m. worship service in
the Memorial Church, Rev. R. M.
Minto will preach. His sermon topL*
is "The Christian Way." Ushers and
readers are needed for the Sunday
services. Anyone interested, please
leave name with the secretary in
the vestry.
At the 11 a.m. worship service in
the Memorial Church, Rev. R. M.
Minto will preach. His sermon topL*
is "The Christian Way." Ushers and
readers are needed for the Sunday
services. Anyone interested, please
leave name with the secretary in
the vestry.
At the 11 a.m. worship service in
the Memorial Church, Rev. R. M.
Minto will preach. His sermon topL*
is "The Christian Way." Ushers and
readers are needed for the Sunday
services. Anyone interested, please
leave name with the secretary in
the vestry.
At the 11 a.m. worship service in
the Memorial Church, Rev. R. M.
Minto will preach. His sermon topL*
is "The Christian Way." Ushers and
readers are needed for the Sunday
services. Anyone interested, please
leave name with the secretary in
the vestry.
At the 11 a.m. worship service in
the Memorial Church, Rev. R. M.
Minto will preach. His sermon topL*
is "The Christian Way." Ushers and
readers are needed for the Sunday
services. Anyone interested, please
leave name with the secretary in
the vestry.
At the 11 a.m. worship service in
the Memorial Church, Rev. R. M.
Minto will preach. His sermon topL*
is "The Christian Way." Ushers and
readers are needed for the Sunday
services. Anyone interested, please
leave name with the secretary in
the vestry.
At the 11 a.m. worship service in
the Memorial Church, Rev. R. M.
Minto will preach. His sermon topL*
is "The Christian Way." Ushers and
readers are needed for the Sunday
services. Anyone interested, please
leave name with the secretary in
the vestry.
At the 11 a.m. worship service in
the Memorial Church, Rev. R. M.
Minto will preach. His sermon topL*
is "The Christian Way." Ushers and
readers are needed for the Sunday
services. Anyone interested, please
leave name with the secretary in
the vestry.
At the 11 a.m. worship service in
the Memorial Church, Rev. R. M.
Minto will preach. His sermon topL*
is "The Christian Way." Ushers and
readers are needed for the Sunday
services. Anyone interested, please
leave name with the secretary in
the vestry.
