# FARM LOOKS ON...
## 
### 
REFUGEES FROM MADRID
brought word last night that ex
tremist execution squads had killed
well over 3000 middle and upper
class citizens. Bands of "blood
thirsty young murderers," out to ex
terminate the capitalists, were re
ported to be responsible for the
killings.
TRAFFIC FLOW across the San
Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge will
start November 12 at 12:30 p.m., the
California Toll Bridge Authority de
cided yesterday. Dedication cere
monies, in which Governor Frank
Merriam will participate, will take
place at 10:30 a.m.
PHILIPPINE LEPERS marched
through Manila streets today, after
breaking out of San Lazaro Hospital,
and protested against being held as
"prisoners." Police failed in break
ing up the parade.
REFUGEES FROM MADRID
brought word last night that ex
tremist execution squads had killed
well over 3000 middle and upper
class citizens. Bands of "blood
thirsty young murderers," out to ex
terminate the capitalists, were re
ported to be responsible for the
killings.
TRAFFIC FLOW across the San
Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge will
start November 12 at 12:30 p.m., the
California Toll Bridge Authority de
cided yesterday. Dedication cere
monies, in which Governor Frank
Merriam will participate, will take
place at 10:30 a.m.
PHILIPPINE LEPERS marched
through Manila streets today, after
breaking out of San Lazaro Hospital,
and protested against being held as
"prisoners." Police failed in break
ing up the parade.
REFUGEES FROM MADRID
brought word last night that ex
tremist execution squads had killed
well over 3000 middle and upper
class citizens. Bands of "blood
thirsty young murderers," out to ex
terminate the capitalists, were re
ported to be responsible for the
killings.
TRAFFIC FLOW across the San
Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge will
start November 12 at 12:30 p.m., the
California Toll Bridge Authority de
cided yesterday. Dedication cere
monies, in which Governor Frank
Merriam will participate, will take
place at 10:30 a.m.
PHILIPPINE LEPERS marched
through Manila streets today, after
breaking out of San Lazaro Hospital,
and protested against being held as
"prisoners." Police failed in break
ing up the parade.
REFUGEES FROM MADRID
brought word last night that ex
tremist execution squads had killed
well over 3000 middle and upper
class citizens. Bands of "blood
thirsty young murderers," out to ex
terminate the capitalists, were re
ported to be responsible for the
killings.
TRAFFIC FLOW across the San
Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge will
start November 12 at 12:30 p.m., the
California Toll Bridge Authority de
cided yesterday. Dedication cere
monies, in which Governor Frank
Merriam will participate, will take
place at 10:30 a.m.
PHILIPPINE LEPERS marched
through Manila streets today, after
breaking out of San Lazaro Hospital,
and protested against being held as
"prisoners." Police failed in break
ing up the parade.
REFUGEES FROM MADRID
brought word last night that ex
tremist execution squads had killed
well over 3000 middle and upper
class citizens. Bands of "blood
thirsty young murderers," out to ex
terminate the capitalists, were re
ported to be responsible for the
killings.
TRAFFIC FLOW across the San
Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge will
start November 12 at 12:30 p.m., the
California Toll Bridge Authority de
cided yesterday. Dedication cere
monies, in which Governor Frank
Merriam will participate, will take
place at 10:30 a.m.
PHILIPPINE LEPERS marched
through Manila streets today, after
breaking out of San Lazaro Hospital,
and protested against being held as
"prisoners." Police failed in break
ing up the parade.
REFUGEES FROM MADRID
brought word last night that ex
tremist execution squads had killed
well over 3000 middle and upper
class citizens. Bands of "blood
thirsty young murderers," out to ex
terminate the capitalists, were re
ported to be responsible for the
killings.
TRAFFIC FLOW across the San
Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge will
start November 12 at 12:30 p.m., the
California Toll Bridge Authority de
cided yesterday. Dedication cere
monies, in which Governor Frank
Merriam will participate, will take
place at 10:30 a.m.
PHILIPPINE LEPERS marched
through Manila streets today, after
breaking out of San Lazaro Hospital,
and protested against being held as
"prisoners." Police failed in break
ing up the parade.
REFUGEES FROM MADRID
brought word last night that ex
tremist execution squads had killed
well over 3000 middle and upper
class citizens. Bands of "blood
thirsty young murderers," out to ex
terminate the capitalists, were re
ported to be responsible for the
killings.
TRAFFIC FLOW across the San
Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge will
start November 12 at 12:30 p.m., the
California Toll Bridge Authority de
cided yesterday. Dedication cere
monies, in which Governor Frank
Merriam will participate, will take
place at 10:30 a.m.
PHILIPPINE LEPERS marched
through Manila streets today, after
breaking out of San Lazaro Hospital,
and protested against being held as
"prisoners." Police failed in break
ing up the parade.
REFUGEES FROM MADRID
brought word last night that ex
tremist execution squads had killed
well over 3000 middle and upper
class citizens. Bands of "blood
thirsty young murderers," out to ex
terminate the capitalists, were re
ported to be responsible for the
killings.
TRAFFIC FLOW across the San
Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge will
start November 12 at 12:30 p.m., the
California Toll Bridge Authority de
cided yesterday. Dedication cere
monies, in which Governor Frank
Merriam will participate, will take
place at 10:30 a.m.
PHILIPPINE LEPERS marched
through Manila streets today, after
breaking out of San Lazaro Hospital,
and protested against being held as
"prisoners." Police failed in break
ing up the parade.
REFUGEES FROM MADRID
brought word last night that ex
tremist execution squads had killed
well over 3000 middle and upper
class citizens. Bands of "blood
thirsty young murderers," out to ex
terminate the capitalists, were re
ported to be responsible for the
killings.
TRAFFIC FLOW across the San
Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge will
start November 12 at 12:30 p.m., the
California Toll Bridge Authority de
cided yesterday. Dedication cere
monies, in which Governor Frank
Merriam will participate, will take
place at 10:30 a.m.
PHILIPPINE LEPERS marched
through Manila streets today, after
breaking out of San Lazaro Hospital,
and protested against being held as
"prisoners." Police failed in break
ing up the parade.
REFUGEES FROM MADRID
brought word last night that ex
tremist execution squads had killed
well over 3000 middle and upper
class citizens. Bands of "blood
thirsty young murderers," out to ex
terminate the capitalists, were re
ported to be responsible for the
killings.
TRAFFIC FLOW across the San
Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge will
start November 12 at 12:30 p.m., the
California Toll Bridge Authority de
cided yesterday. Dedication cere
monies, in which Governor Frank
Merriam will participate, will take
place at 10:30 a.m.
PHILIPPINE LEPERS marched
through Manila streets today, after
breaking out of San Lazaro Hospital,
and protested against being held as
"prisoners." Police failed in break
ing up the parade.
REFUGEES FROM MADRID
brought word last night that ex
tremist execution squads had killed
well over 3000 middle and upper
class citizens. Bands of "blood
thirsty young murderers," out to ex
terminate the capitalists, were re
ported to be responsible for the
killings.
TRAFFIC FLOW across the San
Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge will
start November 12 at 12:30 p.m., the
California Toll Bridge Authority de
cided yesterday. Dedication cere
monies, in which Governor Frank
Merriam will participate, will take
place at 10:30 a.m.
PHILIPPINE LEPERS marched
through Manila streets today, after
breaking out of San Lazaro Hospital,
and protested against being held as
"prisoners." Police failed in break
ing up the parade.
REFUGEES FROM MADRID
brought word last night that ex
tremist execution squads had killed
well over 3000 middle and upper
class citizens. Bands of "blood
thirsty young murderers," out to ex
terminate the capitalists, were re
ported to be responsible for the
killings.
TRAFFIC FLOW across the San
Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge will
start November 12 at 12:30 p.m., the
California Toll Bridge Authority de
cided yesterday. Dedication cere
monies, in which Governor Frank
Merriam will participate, will take
place at 10:30 a.m.
PHILIPPINE LEPERS marched
through Manila streets today, after
breaking out of San Lazaro Hospital,
and protested against being held as
"prisoners." Police failed in break
ing up the parade.
REFUGEES FROM MADRID
brought word last night that ex
tremist execution squads had killed
well over 3000 middle and upper
class citizens. Bands of "blood
thirsty young murderers," out to ex
terminate the capitalists, were re
ported to be responsible for the
killings.
TRAFFIC FLOW across the San
Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge will
start November 12 at 12:30 p.m., the
California Toll Bridge Authority de
cided yesterday. Dedication cere
monies, in which Governor Frank
Merriam will participate, will take
place at 10:30 a.m.
PHILIPPINE LEPERS marched
through Manila streets today, after
breaking out of San Lazaro Hospital,
and protested against being held as
"prisoners." Police failed in break
ing up the parade.
REFUGEES FROM MADRID
brought word last night that ex
tremist execution squads had killed
well over 3000 middle and upper
class citizens. Bands of "blood
thirsty young murderers," out to ex
terminate the capitalists, were re
ported to be responsible for the
killings.
TRAFFIC FLOW across the San
Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge will
start November 12 at 12:30 p.m., the
California Toll Bridge Authority de
cided yesterday. Dedication cere
monies, in which Governor Frank
Merriam will participate, will take
place at 10:30 a.m.
PHILIPPINE LEPERS marched
through Manila streets today, after
breaking out of San Lazaro Hospital,
and protested against being held as
"prisoners." Police failed in break
ing up the parade.
REFUGEES FROM MADRID
brought word last night that ex
tremist execution squads had killed
well over 3000 middle and upper
class citizens. Bands of "blood
thirsty young murderers," out to ex
terminate the capitalists, were re
ported to be responsible for the
killings.
TRAFFIC FLOW across the San
Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge will
start November 12 at 12:30 p.m., the
California Toll Bridge Authority de
cided yesterday. Dedication cere
monies, in which Governor Frank
Merriam will participate, will take
place at 10:30 a.m.
PHILIPPINE LEPERS marched
through Manila streets today, after
breaking out of San Lazaro Hospital,
and protested against being held as
"prisoners." Police failed in break
ing up the parade.
REFUGEES FROM MADRID
brought word last night that ex
tremist execution squads had killed
well over 3000 middle and upper
class citizens. Bands of "blood
thirsty young murderers," out to ex
terminate the capitalists, were re
ported to be responsible for the
killings.
TRAFFIC FLOW across the San
Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge will
start November 12 at 12:30 p.m., the
California Toll Bridge Authority de
cided yesterday. Dedication cere
monies, in which Governor Frank
Merriam will participate, will take
place at 10:30 a.m.
PHILIPPINE LEPERS marched
through Manila streets today, after
breaking out of San Lazaro Hospital,
and protested against being held as
"prisoners." Police failed in break
ing up the parade.
