# Off-Campus Co-eds Hold First Meeting
## 
### 
About 30 off-campus women were
present at the first meeting of the
Klahoya Club for the quarter, yes
terday noon. Informal conversation
took place during luncheon, after
which a short business meeting was
held.
The purpose of the organization is
to keep those women living off the
campus in touch with things hap
pening on the campus. Later in the
quarter they are planning a mother's
tea. Meetings are held weekly in the
Women's Clubhouse.
About 30 off-campus women were
present at the first meeting of the
Klahoya Club for the quarter, yes
terday noon. Informal conversation
took place during luncheon, after
which a short business meeting was
held.
The purpose of the organization is
to keep those women living off the
campus in touch with things hap
pening on the campus. Later in the
quarter they are planning a mother's
tea. Meetings are held weekly in the
Women's Clubhouse.
About 30 off-campus women were
present at the first meeting of the
Klahoya Club for the quarter, yes
terday noon. Informal conversation
took place during luncheon, after
which a short business meeting was
held.
The purpose of the organization is
to keep those women living off the
campus in touch with things hap
pening on the campus. Later in the
quarter they are planning a mother's
tea. Meetings are held weekly in the
Women's Clubhouse.
About 30 off-campus women were
present at the first meeting of the
Klahoya Club for the quarter, yes
terday noon. Informal conversation
took place during luncheon, after
which a short business meeting was
held.
The purpose of the organization is
to keep those women living off the
campus in touch with things hap
pening on the campus. Later in the
quarter they are planning a mother's
tea. Meetings are held weekly in the
Women's Clubhouse.
About 30 off-campus women were
present at the first meeting of the
Klahoya Club for the quarter, yes
terday noon. Informal conversation
took place during luncheon, after
which a short business meeting was
held.
The purpose of the organization is
to keep those women living off the
campus in touch with things hap
pening on the campus. Later in the
quarter they are planning a mother's
tea. Meetings are held weekly in the
Women's Clubhouse.
About 30 off-campus women were
present at the first meeting of the
Klahoya Club for the quarter, yes
terday noon. Informal conversation
took place during luncheon, after
which a short business meeting was
held.
The purpose of the organization is
to keep those women living off the
campus in touch with things hap
pening on the campus. Later in the
quarter they are planning a mother's
tea. Meetings are held weekly in the
Women's Clubhouse.
About 30 off-campus women were
present at the first meeting of the
Klahoya Club for the quarter, yes
terday noon. Informal conversation
took place during luncheon, after
which a short business meeting was
held.
The purpose of the organization is
to keep those women living off the
campus in touch with things hap
pening on the campus. Later in the
quarter they are planning a mother's
tea. Meetings are held weekly in the
Women's Clubhouse.
About 30 off-campus women were
present at the first meeting of the
Klahoya Club for the quarter, yes
terday noon. Informal conversation
took place during luncheon, after
which a short business meeting was
held.
The purpose of the organization is
to keep those women living off the
campus in touch with things hap
pening on the campus. Later in the
quarter they are planning a mother's
tea. Meetings are held weekly in the
Women's Clubhouse.
About 30 off-campus women were
present at the first meeting of the
Klahoya Club for the quarter, yes
terday noon. Informal conversation
took place during luncheon, after
which a short business meeting was
held.
The purpose of the organization is
to keep those women living off the
campus in touch with things hap
pening on the campus. Later in the
quarter they are planning a mother's
tea. Meetings are held weekly in the
Women's Clubhouse.
About 30 off-campus women were
present at the first meeting of the
Klahoya Club for the quarter, yes
terday noon. Informal conversation
took place during luncheon, after
which a short business meeting was
held.
The purpose of the organization is
to keep those women living off the
campus in touch with things hap
pening on the campus. Later in the
quarter they are planning a mother's
tea. Meetings are held weekly in the
Women's Clubhouse.
About 30 off-campus women were
present at the first meeting of the
Klahoya Club for the quarter, yes
terday noon. Informal conversation
took place during luncheon, after
which a short business meeting was
held.
The purpose of the organization is
to keep those women living off the
campus in touch with things hap
pening on the campus. Later in the
quarter they are planning a mother's
tea. Meetings are held weekly in the
Women's Clubhouse.
About 30 off-campus women were
present at the first meeting of the
Klahoya Club for the quarter, yes
terday noon. Informal conversation
took place during luncheon, after
which a short business meeting was
held.
The purpose of the organization is
to keep those women living off the
campus in touch with things hap
pening on the campus. Later in the
quarter they are planning a mother's
tea. Meetings are held weekly in the
Women's Clubhouse.
About 30 off-campus women were
present at the first meeting of the
Klahoya Club for the quarter, yes
terday noon. Informal conversation
took place during luncheon, after
which a short business meeting was
held.
The purpose of the organization is
to keep those women living off the
campus in touch with things hap
pening on the campus. Later in the
quarter they are planning a mother's
tea. Meetings are held weekly in the
Women's Clubhouse.
About 30 off-campus women were
present at the first meeting of the
Klahoya Club for the quarter, yes
terday noon. Informal conversation
took place during luncheon, after
which a short business meeting was
held.
The purpose of the organization is
to keep those women living off the
campus in touch with things hap
pening on the campus. Later in the
quarter they are planning a mother's
tea. Meetings are held weekly in the
Women's Clubhouse.
About 30 off-campus women were
present at the first meeting of the
Klahoya Club for the quarter, yes
terday noon. Informal conversation
took place during luncheon, after
which a short business meeting was
held.
The purpose of the organization is
to keep those women living off the
campus in touch with things hap
pening on the campus. Later in the
quarter they are planning a mother's
tea. Meetings are held weekly in the
Women's Clubhouse.
About 30 off-campus women were
present at the first meeting of the
Klahoya Club for the quarter, yes
terday noon. Informal conversation
took place during luncheon, after
which a short business meeting was
held.
The purpose of the organization is
to keep those women living off the
campus in touch with things hap
pening on the campus. Later in the
quarter they are planning a mother's
tea. Meetings are held weekly in the
Women's Clubhouse.
