# World Relations Group To Meet
## 
### 
Beginning its third year of activ
ity, the International Relations club
of Stanford University meets tomor
row at 4 o'clock in the West Me
morial library of the Political Sci
ence Building to discuss the present
monetary situation in France.
Supported by the Caniegie Foun
dation, the club is an attempt to pro
mote interest in affairs of world im
portance through discussion and de
bate. Thursday's meeting is the first
of a series of bi-monthly discussions
led by faculty members, visiting
speakers and students, and it will be
conducted by the club's faculty ad
viser, Professor Phillip W. Buck.
Meetings are open to all students
interested, and those interested in
membership should see Professor
Buck in the Department of Political
Science or Edward Lindblom, presi
dent of the International Relations
Club.
Beginning its third year of activ
ity, the International Relations club
of Stanford University meets tomor
row at 4 o'clock in the West Me
morial library of the Political Sci
ence Building to discuss the present
monetary situation in France.
Supported by the Caniegie Foun
dation, the club is an attempt to pro
mote interest in affairs of world im
portance through discussion and de
bate. Thursday's meeting is the first
of a series of bi-monthly discussions
led by faculty members, visiting
speakers and students, and it will be
conducted by the club's faculty ad
viser, Professor Phillip W. Buck.
Meetings are open to all students
interested, and those interested in
membership should see Professor
Buck in the Department of Political
Science or Edward Lindblom, presi
dent of the International Relations
Club.
Beginning its third year of activ
ity, the International Relations club
of Stanford University meets tomor
row at 4 o'clock in the West Me
morial library of the Political Sci
ence Building to discuss the present
monetary situation in France.
Supported by the Caniegie Foun
dation, the club is an attempt to pro
mote interest in affairs of world im
portance through discussion and de
bate. Thursday's meeting is the first
of a series of bi-monthly discussions
led by faculty members, visiting
speakers and students, and it will be
conducted by the club's faculty ad
viser, Professor Phillip W. Buck.
Meetings are open to all students
interested, and those interested in
membership should see Professor
Buck in the Department of Political
Science or Edward Lindblom, presi
dent of the International Relations
Club.
Beginning its third year of activ
ity, the International Relations club
of Stanford University meets tomor
row at 4 o'clock in the West Me
morial library of the Political Sci
ence Building to discuss the present
monetary situation in France.
Supported by the Caniegie Foun
dation, the club is an attempt to pro
mote interest in affairs of world im
portance through discussion and de
bate. Thursday's meeting is the first
of a series of bi-monthly discussions
led by faculty members, visiting
speakers and students, and it will be
conducted by the club's faculty ad
viser, Professor Phillip W. Buck.
Meetings are open to all students
interested, and those interested in
membership should see Professor
Buck in the Department of Political
Science or Edward Lindblom, presi
dent of the International Relations
Club.
Beginning its third year of activ
ity, the International Relations club
of Stanford University meets tomor
row at 4 o'clock in the West Me
morial library of the Political Sci
ence Building to discuss the present
monetary situation in France.
Supported by the Caniegie Foun
dation, the club is an attempt to pro
mote interest in affairs of world im
portance through discussion and de
bate. Thursday's meeting is the first
of a series of bi-monthly discussions
led by faculty members, visiting
speakers and students, and it will be
conducted by the club's faculty ad
viser, Professor Phillip W. Buck.
Meetings are open to all students
interested, and those interested in
membership should see Professor
Buck in the Department of Political
Science or Edward Lindblom, presi
dent of the International Relations
Club.
Beginning its third year of activ
ity, the International Relations club
of Stanford University meets tomor
row at 4 o'clock in the West Me
morial library of the Political Sci
ence Building to discuss the present
monetary situation in France.
Supported by the Caniegie Foun
dation, the club is an attempt to pro
mote interest in affairs of world im
portance through discussion and de
bate. Thursday's meeting is the first
of a series of bi-monthly discussions
led by faculty members, visiting
speakers and students, and it will be
conducted by the club's faculty ad
viser, Professor Phillip W. Buck.
Meetings are open to all students
interested, and those interested in
membership should see Professor
Buck in the Department of Political
Science or Edward Lindblom, presi
dent of the International Relations
Club.
Beginning its third year of activ
ity, the International Relations club
of Stanford University meets tomor
row at 4 o'clock in the West Me
morial library of the Political Sci
ence Building to discuss the present
monetary situation in France.
Supported by the Caniegie Foun
dation, the club is an attempt to pro
mote interest in affairs of world im
portance through discussion and de
bate. Thursday's meeting is the first
of a series of bi-monthly discussions
led by faculty members, visiting
speakers and students, and it will be
conducted by the club's faculty ad
viser, Professor Phillip W. Buck.
Meetings are open to all students
interested, and those interested in
membership should see Professor
Buck in the Department of Political
Science or Edward Lindblom, presi
dent of the International Relations
Club.
Beginning its third year of activ
ity, the International Relations club
of Stanford University meets tomor
row at 4 o'clock in the West Me
morial library of the Political Sci
ence Building to discuss the present
monetary situation in France.
Supported by the Caniegie Foun
dation, the club is an attempt to pro
mote interest in affairs of world im
portance through discussion and de
bate. Thursday's meeting is the first
of a series of bi-monthly discussions
led by faculty members, visiting
speakers and students, and it will be
conducted by the club's faculty ad
viser, Professor Phillip W. Buck.
Meetings are open to all students
interested, and those interested in
membership should see Professor
Buck in the Department of Political
Science or Edward Lindblom, presi
dent of the International Relations
Club.
Beginning its third year of activ
ity, the International Relations club
of Stanford University meets tomor
row at 4 o'clock in the West Me
morial library of the Political Sci
ence Building to discuss the present
monetary situation in France.
Supported by the Caniegie Foun
dation, the club is an attempt to pro
mote interest in affairs of world im
portance through discussion and de
bate. Thursday's meeting is the first
of a series of bi-monthly discussions
led by faculty members, visiting
speakers and students, and it will be
conducted by the club's faculty ad
viser, Professor Phillip W. Buck.
Meetings are open to all students
interested, and those interested in
membership should see Professor
Buck in the Department of Political
Science or Edward Lindblom, presi
dent of the International Relations
Club.
Beginning its third year of activ
ity, the International Relations club
of Stanford University meets tomor
row at 4 o'clock in the West Me
morial library of the Political Sci
ence Building to discuss the present
monetary situation in France.
Supported by the Caniegie Foun
dation, the club is an attempt to pro
mote interest in affairs of world im
portance through discussion and de
bate. Thursday's meeting is the first
of a series of bi-monthly discussions
led by faculty members, visiting
speakers and students, and it will be
conducted by the club's faculty ad
viser, Professor Phillip W. Buck.
Meetings are open to all students
interested, and those interested in
membership should see Professor
Buck in the Department of Political
Science or Edward Lindblom, presi
dent of the International Relations
Club.
Beginning its third year of activ
ity, the International Relations club
of Stanford University meets tomor
row at 4 o'clock in the West Me
morial library of the Political Sci
ence Building to discuss the present
monetary situation in France.
Supported by the Caniegie Foun
dation, the club is an attempt to pro
mote interest in affairs of world im
portance through discussion and de
bate. Thursday's meeting is the first
of a series of bi-monthly discussions
led by faculty members, visiting
speakers and students, and it will be
conducted by the club's faculty ad
viser, Professor Phillip W. Buck.
Meetings are open to all students
interested, and those interested in
membership should see Professor
Buck in the Department of Political
Science or Edward Lindblom, presi
dent of the International Relations
Club.
Beginning its third year of activ
ity, the International Relations club
of Stanford University meets tomor
row at 4 o'clock in the West Me
morial library of the Political Sci
ence Building to discuss the present
monetary situation in France.
Supported by the Caniegie Foun
dation, the club is an attempt to pro
mote interest in affairs of world im
portance through discussion and de
bate. Thursday's meeting is the first
of a series of bi-monthly discussions
led by faculty members, visiting
speakers and students, and it will be
conducted by the club's faculty ad
viser, Professor Phillip W. Buck.
Meetings are open to all students
interested, and those interested in
membership should see Professor
Buck in the Department of Political
Science or Edward Lindblom, presi
dent of the International Relations
Club.
Beginning its third year of activ
ity, the International Relations club
of Stanford University meets tomor
row at 4 o'clock in the West Me
morial library of the Political Sci
ence Building to discuss the present
monetary situation in France.
Supported by the Caniegie Foun
dation, the club is an attempt to pro
mote interest in affairs of world im
portance through discussion and de
bate. Thursday's meeting is the first
of a series of bi-monthly discussions
led by faculty members, visiting
speakers and students, and it will be
conducted by the club's faculty ad
viser, Professor Phillip W. Buck.
Meetings are open to all students
interested, and those interested in
membership should see Professor
Buck in the Department of Political
Science or Edward Lindblom, presi
dent of the International Relations
Club.
Beginning its third year of activ
ity, the International Relations club
of Stanford University meets tomor
row at 4 o'clock in the West Me
morial library of the Political Sci
ence Building to discuss the present
monetary situation in France.
Supported by the Caniegie Foun
dation, the club is an attempt to pro
mote interest in affairs of world im
portance through discussion and de
bate. Thursday's meeting is the first
of a series of bi-monthly discussions
led by faculty members, visiting
speakers and students, and it will be
conducted by the club's faculty ad
viser, Professor Phillip W. Buck.
Meetings are open to all students
interested, and those interested in
membership should see Professor
Buck in the Department of Political
Science or Edward Lindblom, presi
dent of the International Relations
Club.
Beginning its third year of activ
ity, the International Relations club
of Stanford University meets tomor
row at 4 o'clock in the West Me
morial library of the Political Sci
ence Building to discuss the present
monetary situation in France.
Supported by the Caniegie Foun
dation, the club is an attempt to pro
mote interest in affairs of world im
portance through discussion and de
bate. Thursday's meeting is the first
of a series of bi-monthly discussions
led by faculty members, visiting
speakers and students, and it will be
conducted by the club's faculty ad
viser, Professor Phillip W. Buck.
Meetings are open to all students
interested, and those interested in
membership should see Professor
Buck in the Department of Political
Science or Edward Lindblom, presi
dent of the International Relations
Club.
Beginning its third year of activ
ity, the International Relations club
of Stanford University meets tomor
row at 4 o'clock in the West Me
morial library of the Political Sci
ence Building to discuss the present
monetary situation in France.
Supported by the Caniegie Foun
dation, the club is an attempt to pro
mote interest in affairs of world im
portance through discussion and de
bate. Thursday's meeting is the first
of a series of bi-monthly discussions
led by faculty members, visiting
speakers and students, and it will be
conducted by the club's faculty ad
viser, Professor Phillip W. Buck.
Meetings are open to all students
interested, and those interested in
membership should see Professor
Buck in the Department of Political
Science or Edward Lindblom, presi
dent of the International Relations
Club.
