# MANAGERS CALLED
## 
### 
Sophomore soccer and boxing
managers are being called out—for
soccer report to Coach Harry Ma
loney; for boxing report to Manager
Stan Zimet any afternoon in Encina
Gym.
Sophomore soccer and boxing
managers are being called out—for
soccer report to Coach Harry Ma
loney; for boxing report to Manager
Stan Zimet any afternoon in Encina
Gym.
Sophomore soccer and boxing
managers are being called out—for
soccer report to Coach Harry Ma
loney; for boxing report to Manager
Stan Zimet any afternoon in Encina
Gym.
Sophomore soccer and boxing
managers are being called out—for
soccer report to Coach Harry Ma
loney; for boxing report to Manager
Stan Zimet any afternoon in Encina
Gym.
Sophomore soccer and boxing
managers are being called out—for
soccer report to Coach Harry Ma
loney; for boxing report to Manager
Stan Zimet any afternoon in Encina
Gym.
Sophomore soccer and boxing
managers are being called out—for
soccer report to Coach Harry Ma
loney; for boxing report to Manager
Stan Zimet any afternoon in Encina
Gym.
Sophomore soccer and boxing
managers are being called out—for
soccer report to Coach Harry Ma
loney; for boxing report to Manager
Stan Zimet any afternoon in Encina
Gym.
Sophomore soccer and boxing
managers are being called out—for
soccer report to Coach Harry Ma
loney; for boxing report to Manager
Stan Zimet any afternoon in Encina
Gym.
Sophomore soccer and boxing
managers are being called out—for
soccer report to Coach Harry Ma
loney; for boxing report to Manager
Stan Zimet any afternoon in Encina
Gym.
Sophomore soccer and boxing
managers are being called out—for
soccer report to Coach Harry Ma
loney; for boxing report to Manager
Stan Zimet any afternoon in Encina
Gym.
Sophomore soccer and boxing
managers are being called out—for
soccer report to Coach Harry Ma
loney; for boxing report to Manager
Stan Zimet any afternoon in Encina
Gym.
Sophomore soccer and boxing
managers are being called out—for
soccer report to Coach Harry Ma
loney; for boxing report to Manager
Stan Zimet any afternoon in Encina
Gym.
Sophomore soccer and boxing
managers are being called out—for
soccer report to Coach Harry Ma
loney; for boxing report to Manager
Stan Zimet any afternoon in Encina
Gym.
Sophomore soccer and boxing
managers are being called out—for
soccer report to Coach Harry Ma
loney; for boxing report to Manager
Stan Zimet any afternoon in Encina
Gym.
Sophomore soccer and boxing
managers are being called out—for
soccer report to Coach Harry Ma
loney; for boxing report to Manager
Stan Zimet any afternoon in Encina
Gym.
Sophomore soccer and boxing
managers are being called out—for
soccer report to Coach Harry Ma
loney; for boxing report to Manager
Stan Zimet any afternoon in Encina
Gym.
