# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
Mort Sahl
Is Back
OPEN SUNDAY
•
The hungry i's own Mort Sahl . . .
don't miss Mort's wonderful ver
satility and comic satire ... a great
show also features the Gateway
Singers and songstress Faith Win
thrope.
Dinners from $2.50
Continuous show starts at 9:15
JACKSON AT KEARNY
EX 7-0929
for reservations
Mort Sahl
Is Back
OPEN SUNDAY
•
The hungry i's own Mort Sahl . . .
don't miss Mort's wonderful ver
satility and comic satire ... a great
show also features the Gateway
Singers and songstress Faith Win
thrope.
Dinners from $2.50
Continuous show starts at 9:15
JACKSON AT KEARNY
EX 7-0929
for reservations
Mort Sahl
Is Back
OPEN SUNDAY
•
The hungry i's own Mort Sahl . . .
don't miss Mort's wonderful ver
satility and comic satire ... a great
show also features the Gateway
Singers and songstress Faith Win
thrope.
Dinners from $2.50
Continuous show starts at 9:15
JACKSON AT KEARNY
EX 7-0929
for reservations
Mort Sahl
Is Back
OPEN SUNDAY
•
The hungry i's own Mort Sahl . . .
don't miss Mort's wonderful ver
satility and comic satire ... a great
show also features the Gateway
Singers and songstress Faith Win
thrope.
Dinners from $2.50
Continuous show starts at 9:15
JACKSON AT KEARNY
EX 7-0929
for reservations
Mort Sahl
Is Back
OPEN SUNDAY
•
The hungry i's own Mort Sahl . . .
don't miss Mort's wonderful ver
satility and comic satire ... a great
show also features the Gateway
Singers and songstress Faith Win
thrope.
Dinners from $2.50
Continuous show starts at 9:15
JACKSON AT KEARNY
EX 7-0929
for reservations
Mort Sahl
Is Back
OPEN SUNDAY
•
The hungry i's own Mort Sahl . . .
don't miss Mort's wonderful ver
satility and comic satire ... a great
show also features the Gateway
Singers and songstress Faith Win
thrope.
Dinners from $2.50
Continuous show starts at 9:15
JACKSON AT KEARNY
EX 7-0929
for reservations
Mort Sahl
Is Back
OPEN SUNDAY
•
The hungry i's own Mort Sahl . . .
don't miss Mort's wonderful ver
satility and comic satire ... a great
show also features the Gateway
Singers and songstress Faith Win
thrope.
Dinners from $2.50
Continuous show starts at 9:15
JACKSON AT KEARNY
EX 7-0929
for reservations
Mort Sahl
Is Back
OPEN SUNDAY
•
The hungry i's own Mort Sahl . . .
don't miss Mort's wonderful ver
satility and comic satire ... a great
show also features the Gateway
Singers and songstress Faith Win
thrope.
Dinners from $2.50
Continuous show starts at 9:15
JACKSON AT KEARNY
EX 7-0929
for reservations
Mort Sahl
Is Back
OPEN SUNDAY
•
The hungry i's own Mort Sahl . . .
don't miss Mort's wonderful ver
satility and comic satire ... a great
show also features the Gateway
Singers and songstress Faith Win
thrope.
Dinners from $2.50
Continuous show starts at 9:15
JACKSON AT KEARNY
EX 7-0929
for reservations
Mort Sahl
Is Back
OPEN SUNDAY
•
The hungry i's own Mort Sahl . . .
don't miss Mort's wonderful ver
satility and comic satire ... a great
show also features the Gateway
Singers and songstress Faith Win
thrope.
Dinners from $2.50
Continuous show starts at 9:15
JACKSON AT KEARNY
EX 7-0929
for reservations
Mort Sahl
Is Back
OPEN SUNDAY
•
The hungry i's own Mort Sahl . . .
don't miss Mort's wonderful ver
satility and comic satire ... a great
show also features the Gateway
Singers and songstress Faith Win
thrope.
Dinners from $2.50
Continuous show starts at 9:15
JACKSON AT KEARNY
EX 7-0929
for reservations
Mort Sahl
Is Back
OPEN SUNDAY
•
The hungry i's own Mort Sahl . . .
don't miss Mort's wonderful ver
satility and comic satire ... a great
show also features the Gateway
Singers and songstress Faith Win
thrope.
Dinners from $2.50
Continuous show starts at 9:15
JACKSON AT KEARNY
EX 7-0929
for reservations
Mort Sahl
Is Back
OPEN SUNDAY
•
The hungry i's own Mort Sahl . . .
don't miss Mort's wonderful ver
satility and comic satire ... a great
show also features the Gateway
Singers and songstress Faith Win
thrope.
Dinners from $2.50
Continuous show starts at 9:15
JACKSON AT KEARNY
EX 7-0929
for reservations
Mort Sahl
Is Back
OPEN SUNDAY
•
The hungry i's own Mort Sahl . . .
don't miss Mort's wonderful ver
satility and comic satire ... a great
show also features the Gateway
Singers and songstress Faith Win
thrope.
Dinners from $2.50
Continuous show starts at 9:15
JACKSON AT KEARNY
EX 7-0929
for reservations
Mort Sahl
Is Back
OPEN SUNDAY
•
The hungry i's own Mort Sahl . . .
don't miss Mort's wonderful ver
satility and comic satire ... a great
show also features the Gateway
Singers and songstress Faith Win
thrope.
Dinners from $2.50
Continuous show starts at 9:15
JACKSON AT KEARNY
EX 7-0929
for reservations
