# Hard Quake Hits Southland Area
## 
### 
EL CENTRO, Calif., Feb. 9
(UP)â€”Southern California and
the Mexican border area rocked
and rolled today as a series of
earthquakes shook the region,
causing minor damage over a
widespread area.
The quakes, apparently center
ed in Mexico, first struck at 6:33
a.m., PST, and were most severe
ly felt in Imperial and San Diego
counties. The tremor broke win
dows, cracked plaster and started
a minor fire, but there were no
reports of casualties.
On the U. S. side of the border,
the movement was felt for nearly
250 miles north of the border,
while on the Mexican side it was
felt for about 100 miles south.
Seismographs at the California
Institute of Technology in Pasa
dena recorded the quake as hav
ing an intensity of 6.8 on the
Richter scale, sufficent to cause
major damage if the epicenter
were located in a populated area.
