# Ventura Elections
## 
### 
Ventura Hall announces the
following mid-year election re
sults: Donnahelen McDonald,
president; Jan Merwin, vice-presi
dent; Florence Watanabe, secre
tary; Karina Shanahan, treasur
er; Evelyn Dees, social chairman.
Ventura Hall announces the
following mid-year election re
sults: Donnahelen McDonald,
president; Jan Merwin, vice-presi
dent; Florence Watanabe, secre
tary; Karina Shanahan, treasur
er; Evelyn Dees, social chairman.
Ventura Hall announces the
following mid-year election re
sults: Donnahelen McDonald,
president; Jan Merwin, vice-presi
dent; Florence Watanabe, secre
tary; Karina Shanahan, treasur
er; Evelyn Dees, social chairman.
Ventura Hall announces the
following mid-year election re
sults: Donnahelen McDonald,
president; Jan Merwin, vice-presi
dent; Florence Watanabe, secre
tary; Karina Shanahan, treasur
er; Evelyn Dees, social chairman.
Ventura Hall announces the
following mid-year election re
sults: Donnahelen McDonald,
president; Jan Merwin, vice-presi
dent; Florence Watanabe, secre
tary; Karina Shanahan, treasur
er; Evelyn Dees, social chairman.
Ventura Hall announces the
following mid-year election re
sults: Donnahelen McDonald,
president; Jan Merwin, vice-presi
dent; Florence Watanabe, secre
tary; Karina Shanahan, treasur
er; Evelyn Dees, social chairman.
Ventura Hall announces the
following mid-year election re
sults: Donnahelen McDonald,
president; Jan Merwin, vice-presi
dent; Florence Watanabe, secre
tary; Karina Shanahan, treasur
er; Evelyn Dees, social chairman.
Ventura Hall announces the
following mid-year election re
sults: Donnahelen McDonald,
president; Jan Merwin, vice-presi
dent; Florence Watanabe, secre
tary; Karina Shanahan, treasur
er; Evelyn Dees, social chairman.
Ventura Hall announces the
following mid-year election re
sults: Donnahelen McDonald,
president; Jan Merwin, vice-presi
dent; Florence Watanabe, secre
tary; Karina Shanahan, treasur
er; Evelyn Dees, social chairman.
Ventura Hall announces the
following mid-year election re
sults: Donnahelen McDonald,
president; Jan Merwin, vice-presi
dent; Florence Watanabe, secre
tary; Karina Shanahan, treasur
er; Evelyn Dees, social chairman.
Ventura Hall announces the
following mid-year election re
sults: Donnahelen McDonald,
president; Jan Merwin, vice-presi
dent; Florence Watanabe, secre
tary; Karina Shanahan, treasur
er; Evelyn Dees, social chairman.
Ventura Hall announces the
following mid-year election re
sults: Donnahelen McDonald,
president; Jan Merwin, vice-presi
dent; Florence Watanabe, secre
tary; Karina Shanahan, treasur
er; Evelyn Dees, social chairman.
Ventura Hall announces the
following mid-year election re
sults: Donnahelen McDonald,
president; Jan Merwin, vice-presi
dent; Florence Watanabe, secre
tary; Karina Shanahan, treasur
er; Evelyn Dees, social chairman.
Ventura Hall announces the
following mid-year election re
sults: Donnahelen McDonald,
president; Jan Merwin, vice-presi
dent; Florence Watanabe, secre
tary; Karina Shanahan, treasur
er; Evelyn Dees, social chairman.
Ventura Hall announces the
following mid-year election re
sults: Donnahelen McDonald,
president; Jan Merwin, vice-presi
dent; Florence Watanabe, secre
tary; Karina Shanahan, treasur
er; Evelyn Dees, social chairman.
