# NO CAPS AND GOWNS
## 
### 
Caps and gowns were not worn
at Stanford Commencement exer
cises until 1599.
Caps and gowns were not worn
at Stanford Commencement exer
cises until 1599.
Caps and gowns were not worn
at Stanford Commencement exer
cises until 1599.
Caps and gowns were not worn
at Stanford Commencement exer
cises until 1599.
Caps and gowns were not worn
at Stanford Commencement exer
cises until 1599.
Caps and gowns were not worn
at Stanford Commencement exer
cises until 1599.
Caps and gowns were not worn
at Stanford Commencement exer
cises until 1599.
Caps and gowns were not worn
at Stanford Commencement exer
cises until 1599.
Caps and gowns were not worn
at Stanford Commencement exer
cises until 1599.
Caps and gowns were not worn
at Stanford Commencement exer
cises until 1599.
Caps and gowns were not worn
at Stanford Commencement exer
cises until 1599.
Caps and gowns were not worn
at Stanford Commencement exer
cises until 1599.
Caps and gowns were not worn
at Stanford Commencement exer
cises until 1599.
Caps and gowns were not worn
at Stanford Commencement exer
cises until 1599.
Caps and gowns were not worn
at Stanford Commencement exer
cises until 1599.
