# Stanford Chorus To Appear on TV
## 
### 
The University Chorus and
Chorale will make their first tele
vision appearance on KQED
(Channel 9) tonight in a concert
which will include music of Mo
zart, Aaron Copland and other
composers.
The 80-voice group will appear
from 8:30 to 9:15 p.m. in a pro
gram "Highlights of Choral Mu
sic." Music professor Harold
Schmidt, assisted bv Kirke Me
chem. will conduct the ensemble.
The chorus will sing selections
from Mozart's "Idomenco"; Aa
ron Copland's "The Lark" and
"The Tender Land," also by Cop
land.
The chorale will present "Mon
Coeur Sc Recommande a Vous"
by Lassus; "The Nightingale" by
Weelkes; "Dorinda, ah, Diro," by
Monteverdi, and "Fire, Fire, My
Heart." by Mot ley.
Kirke Mechem will lake the ba
ton for one number, his own com
position, "Rules for Behavior."
The University Chorus and
Chorale will make their first tele
vision appearance on KQED
(Channel 9) tonight in a concert
which will include music of Mo
zart, Aaron Copland and other
composers.
The 80-voice group will appear
from 8:30 to 9:15 p.m. in a pro
gram "Highlights of Choral Mu
sic." Music professor Harold
Schmidt, assisted bv Kirke Me
chem. will conduct the ensemble.
The chorus will sing selections
from Mozart's "Idomenco"; Aa
ron Copland's "The Lark" and
"The Tender Land," also by Cop
land.
The chorale will present "Mon
Coeur Sc Recommande a Vous"
by Lassus; "The Nightingale" by
Weelkes; "Dorinda, ah, Diro," by
Monteverdi, and "Fire, Fire, My
Heart." by Mot ley.
Kirke Mechem will lake the ba
ton for one number, his own com
position, "Rules for Behavior."
The University Chorus and
Chorale will make their first tele
vision appearance on KQED
(Channel 9) tonight in a concert
which will include music of Mo
zart, Aaron Copland and other
composers.
The 80-voice group will appear
from 8:30 to 9:15 p.m. in a pro
gram "Highlights of Choral Mu
sic." Music professor Harold
Schmidt, assisted bv Kirke Me
chem. will conduct the ensemble.
The chorus will sing selections
from Mozart's "Idomenco"; Aa
ron Copland's "The Lark" and
"The Tender Land," also by Cop
land.
The chorale will present "Mon
Coeur Sc Recommande a Vous"
by Lassus; "The Nightingale" by
Weelkes; "Dorinda, ah, Diro," by
Monteverdi, and "Fire, Fire, My
Heart." by Mot ley.
Kirke Mechem will lake the ba
ton for one number, his own com
position, "Rules for Behavior."
The University Chorus and
Chorale will make their first tele
vision appearance on KQED
(Channel 9) tonight in a concert
which will include music of Mo
zart, Aaron Copland and other
composers.
The 80-voice group will appear
from 8:30 to 9:15 p.m. in a pro
gram "Highlights of Choral Mu
sic." Music professor Harold
Schmidt, assisted bv Kirke Me
chem. will conduct the ensemble.
The chorus will sing selections
from Mozart's "Idomenco"; Aa
ron Copland's "The Lark" and
"The Tender Land," also by Cop
land.
The chorale will present "Mon
Coeur Sc Recommande a Vous"
by Lassus; "The Nightingale" by
Weelkes; "Dorinda, ah, Diro," by
Monteverdi, and "Fire, Fire, My
Heart." by Mot ley.
Kirke Mechem will lake the ba
ton for one number, his own com
position, "Rules for Behavior."
The University Chorus and
Chorale will make their first tele
vision appearance on KQED
(Channel 9) tonight in a concert
which will include music of Mo
zart, Aaron Copland and other
composers.
The 80-voice group will appear
from 8:30 to 9:15 p.m. in a pro
gram "Highlights of Choral Mu
sic." Music professor Harold
Schmidt, assisted bv Kirke Me
chem. will conduct the ensemble.
The chorus will sing selections
from Mozart's "Idomenco"; Aa
ron Copland's "The Lark" and
"The Tender Land," also by Cop
land.
The chorale will present "Mon
Coeur Sc Recommande a Vous"
by Lassus; "The Nightingale" by
Weelkes; "Dorinda, ah, Diro," by
Monteverdi, and "Fire, Fire, My
Heart." by Mot ley.
Kirke Mechem will lake the ba
ton for one number, his own com
position, "Rules for Behavior."
The University Chorus and
Chorale will make their first tele
vision appearance on KQED
(Channel 9) tonight in a concert
which will include music of Mo
zart, Aaron Copland and other
composers.
The 80-voice group will appear
from 8:30 to 9:15 p.m. in a pro
gram "Highlights of Choral Mu
sic." Music professor Harold
Schmidt, assisted bv Kirke Me
chem. will conduct the ensemble.
The chorus will sing selections
from Mozart's "Idomenco"; Aa
ron Copland's "The Lark" and
"The Tender Land," also by Cop
land.
The chorale will present "Mon
Coeur Sc Recommande a Vous"
by Lassus; "The Nightingale" by
Weelkes; "Dorinda, ah, Diro," by
Monteverdi, and "Fire, Fire, My
Heart." by Mot ley.
Kirke Mechem will lake the ba
ton for one number, his own com
position, "Rules for Behavior."
The University Chorus and
Chorale will make their first tele
vision appearance on KQED
(Channel 9) tonight in a concert
which will include music of Mo
zart, Aaron Copland and other
composers.
The 80-voice group will appear
from 8:30 to 9:15 p.m. in a pro
gram "Highlights of Choral Mu
sic." Music professor Harold
Schmidt, assisted bv Kirke Me
chem. will conduct the ensemble.
The chorus will sing selections
from Mozart's "Idomenco"; Aa
ron Copland's "The Lark" and
"The Tender Land," also by Cop
land.
The chorale will present "Mon
Coeur Sc Recommande a Vous"
by Lassus; "The Nightingale" by
Weelkes; "Dorinda, ah, Diro," by
Monteverdi, and "Fire, Fire, My
Heart." by Mot ley.
Kirke Mechem will lake the ba
ton for one number, his own com
position, "Rules for Behavior."
The University Chorus and
Chorale will make their first tele
vision appearance on KQED
(Channel 9) tonight in a concert
which will include music of Mo
zart, Aaron Copland and other
composers.
The 80-voice group will appear
from 8:30 to 9:15 p.m. in a pro
gram "Highlights of Choral Mu
sic." Music professor Harold
Schmidt, assisted bv Kirke Me
chem. will conduct the ensemble.
The chorus will sing selections
from Mozart's "Idomenco"; Aa
ron Copland's "The Lark" and
"The Tender Land," also by Cop
land.
The chorale will present "Mon
Coeur Sc Recommande a Vous"
by Lassus; "The Nightingale" by
Weelkes; "Dorinda, ah, Diro," by
Monteverdi, and "Fire, Fire, My
Heart." by Mot ley.
Kirke Mechem will lake the ba
ton for one number, his own com
position, "Rules for Behavior."
The University Chorus and
Chorale will make their first tele
vision appearance on KQED
(Channel 9) tonight in a concert
which will include music of Mo
zart, Aaron Copland and other
composers.
The 80-voice group will appear
from 8:30 to 9:15 p.m. in a pro
gram "Highlights of Choral Mu
sic." Music professor Harold
Schmidt, assisted bv Kirke Me
chem. will conduct the ensemble.
The chorus will sing selections
from Mozart's "Idomenco"; Aa
ron Copland's "The Lark" and
"The Tender Land," also by Cop
land.
The chorale will present "Mon
Coeur Sc Recommande a Vous"
by Lassus; "The Nightingale" by
Weelkes; "Dorinda, ah, Diro," by
Monteverdi, and "Fire, Fire, My
Heart." by Mot ley.
Kirke Mechem will lake the ba
ton for one number, his own com
position, "Rules for Behavior."
The University Chorus and
Chorale will make their first tele
vision appearance on KQED
(Channel 9) tonight in a concert
which will include music of Mo
zart, Aaron Copland and other
composers.
The 80-voice group will appear
from 8:30 to 9:15 p.m. in a pro
gram "Highlights of Choral Mu
sic." Music professor Harold
Schmidt, assisted bv Kirke Me
chem. will conduct the ensemble.
The chorus will sing selections
from Mozart's "Idomenco"; Aa
ron Copland's "The Lark" and
"The Tender Land," also by Cop
land.
The chorale will present "Mon
Coeur Sc Recommande a Vous"
by Lassus; "The Nightingale" by
Weelkes; "Dorinda, ah, Diro," by
Monteverdi, and "Fire, Fire, My
Heart." by Mot ley.
Kirke Mechem will lake the ba
ton for one number, his own com
position, "Rules for Behavior."
The University Chorus and
Chorale will make their first tele
vision appearance on KQED
(Channel 9) tonight in a concert
which will include music of Mo
zart, Aaron Copland and other
composers.
The 80-voice group will appear
from 8:30 to 9:15 p.m. in a pro
gram "Highlights of Choral Mu
sic." Music professor Harold
Schmidt, assisted bv Kirke Me
chem. will conduct the ensemble.
The chorus will sing selections
from Mozart's "Idomenco"; Aa
ron Copland's "The Lark" and
"The Tender Land," also by Cop
land.
The chorale will present "Mon
Coeur Sc Recommande a Vous"
by Lassus; "The Nightingale" by
Weelkes; "Dorinda, ah, Diro," by
Monteverdi, and "Fire, Fire, My
Heart." by Mot ley.
Kirke Mechem will lake the ba
ton for one number, his own com
position, "Rules for Behavior."
The University Chorus and
Chorale will make their first tele
vision appearance on KQED
(Channel 9) tonight in a concert
which will include music of Mo
zart, Aaron Copland and other
composers.
The 80-voice group will appear
from 8:30 to 9:15 p.m. in a pro
gram "Highlights of Choral Mu
sic." Music professor Harold
Schmidt, assisted bv Kirke Me
chem. will conduct the ensemble.
The chorus will sing selections
from Mozart's "Idomenco"; Aa
ron Copland's "The Lark" and
"The Tender Land," also by Cop
land.
The chorale will present "Mon
Coeur Sc Recommande a Vous"
by Lassus; "The Nightingale" by
Weelkes; "Dorinda, ah, Diro," by
Monteverdi, and "Fire, Fire, My
Heart." by Mot ley.
Kirke Mechem will lake the ba
ton for one number, his own com
position, "Rules for Behavior."
The University Chorus and
Chorale will make their first tele
vision appearance on KQED
(Channel 9) tonight in a concert
which will include music of Mo
zart, Aaron Copland and other
composers.
The 80-voice group will appear
from 8:30 to 9:15 p.m. in a pro
gram "Highlights of Choral Mu
sic." Music professor Harold
Schmidt, assisted bv Kirke Me
chem. will conduct the ensemble.
The chorus will sing selections
from Mozart's "Idomenco"; Aa
ron Copland's "The Lark" and
"The Tender Land," also by Cop
land.
The chorale will present "Mon
Coeur Sc Recommande a Vous"
by Lassus; "The Nightingale" by
Weelkes; "Dorinda, ah, Diro," by
Monteverdi, and "Fire, Fire, My
Heart." by Mot ley.
Kirke Mechem will lake the ba
ton for one number, his own com
position, "Rules for Behavior."
The University Chorus and
Chorale will make their first tele
vision appearance on KQED
(Channel 9) tonight in a concert
which will include music of Mo
zart, Aaron Copland and other
composers.
The 80-voice group will appear
from 8:30 to 9:15 p.m. in a pro
gram "Highlights of Choral Mu
sic." Music professor Harold
Schmidt, assisted bv Kirke Me
chem. will conduct the ensemble.
The chorus will sing selections
from Mozart's "Idomenco"; Aa
ron Copland's "The Lark" and
"The Tender Land," also by Cop
land.
The chorale will present "Mon
Coeur Sc Recommande a Vous"
by Lassus; "The Nightingale" by
Weelkes; "Dorinda, ah, Diro," by
Monteverdi, and "Fire, Fire, My
Heart." by Mot ley.
Kirke Mechem will lake the ba
ton for one number, his own com
position, "Rules for Behavior."
The University Chorus and
Chorale will make their first tele
vision appearance on KQED
(Channel 9) tonight in a concert
which will include music of Mo
zart, Aaron Copland and other
composers.
The 80-voice group will appear
from 8:30 to 9:15 p.m. in a pro
gram "Highlights of Choral Mu
sic." Music professor Harold
Schmidt, assisted bv Kirke Me
chem. will conduct the ensemble.
The chorus will sing selections
from Mozart's "Idomenco"; Aa
ron Copland's "The Lark" and
"The Tender Land," also by Cop
land.
The chorale will present "Mon
Coeur Sc Recommande a Vous"
by Lassus; "The Nightingale" by
Weelkes; "Dorinda, ah, Diro," by
Monteverdi, and "Fire, Fire, My
Heart." by Mot ley.
Kirke Mechem will lake the ba
ton for one number, his own com
position, "Rules for Behavior."
