# Final Edition Is Next Wednesday
## 
### 
Next Wednesday's issue of
the Summer Weekly will be
the last edition of the vol
ume.
The Daily will resume pub
lication on Friday September
25 with its annual Freshman
Issue and will appear daily
for the remainder of autumn
quarter.
Next Wednesday's issue of
the Summer Weekly will be
the last edition of the vol
ume.
The Daily will resume pub
lication on Friday September
25 with its annual Freshman
Issue and will appear daily
for the remainder of autumn
quarter.
Next Wednesday's issue of
the Summer Weekly will be
the last edition of the vol
ume.
The Daily will resume pub
lication on Friday September
25 with its annual Freshman
Issue and will appear daily
for the remainder of autumn
quarter.
Next Wednesday's issue of
the Summer Weekly will be
the last edition of the vol
ume.
The Daily will resume pub
lication on Friday September
25 with its annual Freshman
Issue and will appear daily
for the remainder of autumn
quarter.
Next Wednesday's issue of
the Summer Weekly will be
the last edition of the vol
ume.
The Daily will resume pub
lication on Friday September
25 with its annual Freshman
Issue and will appear daily
for the remainder of autumn
quarter.
Next Wednesday's issue of
the Summer Weekly will be
the last edition of the vol
ume.
The Daily will resume pub
lication on Friday September
25 with its annual Freshman
Issue and will appear daily
for the remainder of autumn
quarter.
Next Wednesday's issue of
the Summer Weekly will be
the last edition of the vol
ume.
The Daily will resume pub
lication on Friday September
25 with its annual Freshman
Issue and will appear daily
for the remainder of autumn
quarter.
Next Wednesday's issue of
the Summer Weekly will be
the last edition of the vol
ume.
The Daily will resume pub
lication on Friday September
25 with its annual Freshman
Issue and will appear daily
for the remainder of autumn
quarter.
Next Wednesday's issue of
the Summer Weekly will be
the last edition of the vol
ume.
The Daily will resume pub
lication on Friday September
25 with its annual Freshman
Issue and will appear daily
for the remainder of autumn
quarter.
Next Wednesday's issue of
the Summer Weekly will be
the last edition of the vol
ume.
The Daily will resume pub
lication on Friday September
25 with its annual Freshman
Issue and will appear daily
for the remainder of autumn
quarter.
Next Wednesday's issue of
the Summer Weekly will be
the last edition of the vol
ume.
The Daily will resume pub
lication on Friday September
25 with its annual Freshman
Issue and will appear daily
for the remainder of autumn
quarter.
Next Wednesday's issue of
the Summer Weekly will be
the last edition of the vol
ume.
The Daily will resume pub
lication on Friday September
25 with its annual Freshman
Issue and will appear daily
for the remainder of autumn
quarter.
Next Wednesday's issue of
the Summer Weekly will be
the last edition of the vol
ume.
The Daily will resume pub
lication on Friday September
25 with its annual Freshman
Issue and will appear daily
for the remainder of autumn
quarter.
Next Wednesday's issue of
the Summer Weekly will be
the last edition of the vol
ume.
The Daily will resume pub
lication on Friday September
25 with its annual Freshman
Issue and will appear daily
for the remainder of autumn
quarter.
Next Wednesday's issue of
the Summer Weekly will be
the last edition of the vol
ume.
The Daily will resume pub
lication on Friday September
25 with its annual Freshman
Issue and will appear daily
for the remainder of autumn
quarter.
