# LBJ Calls 'Army' As Detroit Flares
## 
### 
A weekend of wild rioting in
Detroit, Michigan, which left
parts of the city smouldering
in the wake of bombings, caused

President Johnson to order fed
eral troops into the area on Mon
day.
The 4,700 troops of the 82nd

and 101st Airborne Divisions
were sent to Self ridge Air Force
Base, about 30 miles from De
troit, and awaited an additional
presidential order before pro
ceeding into the city. The Presi
dent gave the order to proceed
late Monday night, and the act
ual troop movement into Detroit
now awaits an order from Mayor
Jerome P. Cavanagh.
The announcement of the
troop dispatch on Monday, suc
ceeded by two hours, a wire for
help from Governor George
Romney and Mayor Jerome P.
Cavanagh. The Defense Depart
ment announced that: 'The two
brigades will remain available
for Selfridge for immediate de
ployment as required to support
and assist police and Michigan
National Guard forces."
Business Halted
As a result of the trouble in
Detroit, business halted abruptly
in that city on Monday, since
workers were unable to reach
their jobs. The General Motors
Corporation, and Chrysler Corp
oration called off afternoon pro
duction shifts on Monday due to
absenteeism.
Also over the weekend and

continuing on Monday, rioting
disturbed at least three other
U.S. areas. Violence flared in
Birmingham, Alabama, on Sat
urday night, as police attempted
to arrest a Negro on charges of
burglary and grand larceny.
Tommy Matthews, 23, was shot
and wounded by the officers as
he attempted to escape. The brief
outburst which ensued, resulted
in smashed store and automobile
windows, as rocks and bottles
were thrown. Extra police forces
were withdrawn by Sunday
when calm returned; however,
state troopers remained ready
to respond to a call for help.
Spanish Harlem
Elsewhere, in New York vio
lence erupted in Spanish Harlem
early Monday. More than 1,000
officers attempted to end bottle
bombing of police from streets
and rooftops, and looting of
stores at the edge of high-rent
white neighborhoods. The dis
turbance, which caused the clos
ing of some bars, and the hold
over for extended duty of all of
Manhattan's patrolmen, was
termed by the police commis
sioner "A major disturbance;"
however, he insisted that the

trouble had not reached the di
mensions of a riot.
Early Sunday morning, Mayor
Lindsay visited the area and
told crowds that the rumor of
the shooting and killing of a
Puerto Rican by a policeman
was false. The Mayor said that
the Puerto Rican, Renaldo Rod
riguez, had attempted to stab
one of the two officers who came
upon Rodriguez, knife in hand,
as he stood over another Puerto
Rican. One officer fired in self
defense at Rodriguez. Rodriguez
had a record of eight previous
arrests.
New Britain, Connecticut was
disturbed for the second night
in a row on Monday. About 45
officers barricaded five blocks
of the Hartford Avenue section
of the city and dispersed crowds
with the help of shields and
police dogs. The trouble had
started early Sunday when a
white man was pulled from his
car, beaten and robbed by Negro
youths. Another area of the city
near the Mt. Pleasant housing
project was the scene of the
stoning of a police cruiser Mon
day by a group of about 100
Negroes.
