# Weller Is Sophomore Captain.
## 
### 
The Sophomore track men this
afternoon elected M. J. Weller cap
tain of the class track team. Wel
ler took second in the low hurdles
and the broad jump and third in
the hammer-throw in the intercol
legiate field meet two years ago.
Besides his work on the track Wel
ler has played full-back on the
Varsity football team for the past
two seasons, and he held the same
position on the victorious '07
Freshman team.
The Sophomore track men this
afternoon elected M. J. Weller cap
tain of the class track team. Wel
ler took second in the low hurdles
and the broad jump and third in
the hammer-throw in the intercol
legiate field meet two years ago.
Besides his work on the track Wel
ler has played full-back on the
Varsity football team for the past
two seasons, and he held the same
position on the victorious '07
Freshman team.
The Sophomore track men this
afternoon elected M. J. Weller cap
tain of the class track team. Wel
ler took second in the low hurdles
and the broad jump and third in
the hammer-throw in the intercol
legiate field meet two years ago.
Besides his work on the track Wel
ler has played full-back on the
Varsity football team for the past
two seasons, and he held the same
position on the victorious '07
Freshman team.
The Sophomore track men this
afternoon elected M. J. Weller cap
tain of the class track team. Wel
ler took second in the low hurdles
and the broad jump and third in
the hammer-throw in the intercol
legiate field meet two years ago.
Besides his work on the track Wel
ler has played full-back on the
Varsity football team for the past
two seasons, and he held the same
position on the victorious '07
Freshman team.
The Sophomore track men this
afternoon elected M. J. Weller cap
tain of the class track team. Wel
ler took second in the low hurdles
and the broad jump and third in
the hammer-throw in the intercol
legiate field meet two years ago.
Besides his work on the track Wel
ler has played full-back on the
Varsity football team for the past
two seasons, and he held the same
position on the victorious '07
Freshman team.
The Sophomore track men this
afternoon elected M. J. Weller cap
tain of the class track team. Wel
ler took second in the low hurdles
and the broad jump and third in
the hammer-throw in the intercol
legiate field meet two years ago.
Besides his work on the track Wel
ler has played full-back on the
Varsity football team for the past
two seasons, and he held the same
position on the victorious '07
Freshman team.
The Sophomore track men this
afternoon elected M. J. Weller cap
tain of the class track team. Wel
ler took second in the low hurdles
and the broad jump and third in
the hammer-throw in the intercol
legiate field meet two years ago.
Besides his work on the track Wel
ler has played full-back on the
Varsity football team for the past
two seasons, and he held the same
position on the victorious '07
Freshman team.
The Sophomore track men this
afternoon elected M. J. Weller cap
tain of the class track team. Wel
ler took second in the low hurdles
and the broad jump and third in
the hammer-throw in the intercol
legiate field meet two years ago.
Besides his work on the track Wel
ler has played full-back on the
Varsity football team for the past
two seasons, and he held the same
position on the victorious '07
Freshman team.
