# Botanical Society to Meet.
## 
### 
The Botanical Society will hold
its next regular meeting Thursday,
March 30th, at 4 o'clock in the
Botany building. The following
papers will he read: ''The Vario
tionen in Trifolium Pratense Quin
quefolium," hy Miss A. E. Bray
ton, '06, and "A Botanical Labora
tory in the Desert," by Miss W. C.
Murphy, '06.
The Botanical Society will hold
its next regular meeting Thursday,
March 30th, at 4 o'clock in the
Botany building. The following
papers will he read: ''The Vario
tionen in Trifolium Pratense Quin
quefolium," hy Miss A. E. Bray
ton, '06, and "A Botanical Labora
tory in the Desert," by Miss W. C.
Murphy, '06.
The Botanical Society will hold
its next regular meeting Thursday,
March 30th, at 4 o'clock in the
Botany building. The following
papers will he read: ''The Vario
tionen in Trifolium Pratense Quin
quefolium," hy Miss A. E. Bray
ton, '06, and "A Botanical Labora
tory in the Desert," by Miss W. C.
Murphy, '06.
The Botanical Society will hold
its next regular meeting Thursday,
March 30th, at 4 o'clock in the
Botany building. The following
papers will he read: ''The Vario
tionen in Trifolium Pratense Quin
quefolium," hy Miss A. E. Bray
ton, '06, and "A Botanical Labora
tory in the Desert," by Miss W. C.
Murphy, '06.
The Botanical Society will hold
its next regular meeting Thursday,
March 30th, at 4 o'clock in the
Botany building. The following
papers will he read: ''The Vario
tionen in Trifolium Pratense Quin
quefolium," hy Miss A. E. Bray
ton, '06, and "A Botanical Labora
tory in the Desert," by Miss W. C.
Murphy, '06.
The Botanical Society will hold
its next regular meeting Thursday,
March 30th, at 4 o'clock in the
Botany building. The following
papers will he read: ''The Vario
tionen in Trifolium Pratense Quin
quefolium," hy Miss A. E. Bray
ton, '06, and "A Botanical Labora
tory in the Desert," by Miss W. C.
Murphy, '06.
The Botanical Society will hold
its next regular meeting Thursday,
March 30th, at 4 o'clock in the
Botany building. The following
papers will he read: ''The Vario
tionen in Trifolium Pratense Quin
quefolium," hy Miss A. E. Bray
ton, '06, and "A Botanical Labora
tory in the Desert," by Miss W. C.
Murphy, '06.
The Botanical Society will hold
its next regular meeting Thursday,
March 30th, at 4 o'clock in the
Botany building. The following
papers will he read: ''The Vario
tionen in Trifolium Pratense Quin
quefolium," hy Miss A. E. Bray
ton, '06, and "A Botanical Labora
tory in the Desert," by Miss W. C.
Murphy, '06.
