# California Defeats Pensacola.
## 
### 
The University of California
baseball team defeated a team from
the training ship Pensacola Mon
day afternoon. The score was 7to
5. Heitmuller pitched the full
nine innings. >
The University of California
baseball team defeated a team from
the training ship Pensacola Mon
day afternoon. The score was 7to
5. Heitmuller pitched the full
nine innings. >
The University of California
baseball team defeated a team from
the training ship Pensacola Mon
day afternoon. The score was 7to
5. Heitmuller pitched the full
nine innings. >
The University of California
baseball team defeated a team from
the training ship Pensacola Mon
day afternoon. The score was 7to
5. Heitmuller pitched the full
nine innings. >
The University of California
baseball team defeated a team from
the training ship Pensacola Mon
day afternoon. The score was 7to
5. Heitmuller pitched the full
nine innings. >
The University of California
baseball team defeated a team from
the training ship Pensacola Mon
day afternoon. The score was 7to
5. Heitmuller pitched the full
nine innings. >
The University of California
baseball team defeated a team from
the training ship Pensacola Mon
day afternoon. The score was 7to
5. Heitmuller pitched the full
nine innings. >
The University of California
baseball team defeated a team from
the training ship Pensacola Mon
day afternoon. The score was 7to
5. Heitmuller pitched the full
nine innings. >
