# W.S.S. DRIVE TO BEGIN THURSDAY
## 
### 
Plans for the thrift stamp campaign
to bo held Thursday now include the
pledging as well as the buying of
thrift stamps. This will increase the
competition between houses, which is
to be a distinct feature of the cam
paign.
This competition is expected to cre
ate considerable interest in the drive.
The indifference of the country to its
financial obligations has been increas
ingly difficult to break, and a corre
sponding decrease in tlie sales of
these miniature Liberty Bonds has re
sulted.
A Stanford pillow, given by the
Faculty Club, will be awarded to the
winning house, which will be deter
mined by the proportion of members.
Representatives have been appointed
to conduct and promote the drive un
der the direction of the Women's
Service Board and Professor W. A.
Cooper. Tables will be on Quad on
Thursday, at which stamps may be
bought. Pledges may be given to the
house representatives as well as made
011 Quad Thursday.
Plans for the thrift stamp campaign
to bo held Thursday now include the
pledging as well as the buying of
thrift stamps. This will increase the
competition between houses, which is
to be a distinct feature of the cam
paign.
This competition is expected to cre
ate considerable interest in the drive.
The indifference of the country to its
financial obligations has been increas
ingly difficult to break, and a corre
sponding decrease in tlie sales of
these miniature Liberty Bonds has re
sulted.
A Stanford pillow, given by the
Faculty Club, will be awarded to the
winning house, which will be deter
mined by the proportion of members.
Representatives have been appointed
to conduct and promote the drive un
der the direction of the Women's
Service Board and Professor W. A.
Cooper. Tables will be on Quad on
Thursday, at which stamps may be
bought. Pledges may be given to the
house representatives as well as made
011 Quad Thursday.
Plans for the thrift stamp campaign
to bo held Thursday now include the
pledging as well as the buying of
thrift stamps. This will increase the
competition between houses, which is
to be a distinct feature of the cam
paign.
This competition is expected to cre
ate considerable interest in the drive.
The indifference of the country to its
financial obligations has been increas
ingly difficult to break, and a corre
sponding decrease in tlie sales of
these miniature Liberty Bonds has re
sulted.
A Stanford pillow, given by the
Faculty Club, will be awarded to the
winning house, which will be deter
mined by the proportion of members.
Representatives have been appointed
to conduct and promote the drive un
der the direction of the Women's
Service Board and Professor W. A.
Cooper. Tables will be on Quad on
Thursday, at which stamps may be
bought. Pledges may be given to the
house representatives as well as made
011 Quad Thursday.
Plans for the thrift stamp campaign
to bo held Thursday now include the
pledging as well as the buying of
thrift stamps. This will increase the
competition between houses, which is
to be a distinct feature of the cam
paign.
This competition is expected to cre
ate considerable interest in the drive.
The indifference of the country to its
financial obligations has been increas
ingly difficult to break, and a corre
sponding decrease in tlie sales of
these miniature Liberty Bonds has re
sulted.
A Stanford pillow, given by the
Faculty Club, will be awarded to the
winning house, which will be deter
mined by the proportion of members.
Representatives have been appointed
to conduct and promote the drive un
der the direction of the Women's
Service Board and Professor W. A.
Cooper. Tables will be on Quad on
Thursday, at which stamps may be
bought. Pledges may be given to the
house representatives as well as made
011 Quad Thursday.
Plans for the thrift stamp campaign
to bo held Thursday now include the
pledging as well as the buying of
thrift stamps. This will increase the
competition between houses, which is
to be a distinct feature of the cam
paign.
This competition is expected to cre
ate considerable interest in the drive.
The indifference of the country to its
financial obligations has been increas
ingly difficult to break, and a corre
sponding decrease in tlie sales of
these miniature Liberty Bonds has re
sulted.
A Stanford pillow, given by the
Faculty Club, will be awarded to the
winning house, which will be deter
mined by the proportion of members.
Representatives have been appointed
to conduct and promote the drive un
der the direction of the Women's
Service Board and Professor W. A.
Cooper. Tables will be on Quad on
Thursday, at which stamps may be
bought. Pledges may be given to the
house representatives as well as made
011 Quad Thursday.
Plans for the thrift stamp campaign
to bo held Thursday now include the
pledging as well as the buying of
thrift stamps. This will increase the
competition between houses, which is
to be a distinct feature of the cam
paign.
This competition is expected to cre
ate considerable interest in the drive.
The indifference of the country to its
financial obligations has been increas
ingly difficult to break, and a corre
sponding decrease in tlie sales of
these miniature Liberty Bonds has re
sulted.
A Stanford pillow, given by the
Faculty Club, will be awarded to the
winning house, which will be deter
mined by the proportion of members.
Representatives have been appointed
to conduct and promote the drive un
der the direction of the Women's
Service Board and Professor W. A.
Cooper. Tables will be on Quad on
Thursday, at which stamps may be
bought. Pledges may be given to the
house representatives as well as made
011 Quad Thursday.
Plans for the thrift stamp campaign
to bo held Thursday now include the
pledging as well as the buying of
thrift stamps. This will increase the
competition between houses, which is
to be a distinct feature of the cam
paign.
This competition is expected to cre
ate considerable interest in the drive.
The indifference of the country to its
financial obligations has been increas
ingly difficult to break, and a corre
sponding decrease in tlie sales of
these miniature Liberty Bonds has re
sulted.
A Stanford pillow, given by the
Faculty Club, will be awarded to the
winning house, which will be deter
mined by the proportion of members.
Representatives have been appointed
to conduct and promote the drive un
der the direction of the Women's
Service Board and Professor W. A.
Cooper. Tables will be on Quad on
Thursday, at which stamps may be
bought. Pledges may be given to the
house representatives as well as made
011 Quad Thursday.
Plans for the thrift stamp campaign
to bo held Thursday now include the
pledging as well as the buying of
thrift stamps. This will increase the
competition between houses, which is
to be a distinct feature of the cam
paign.
This competition is expected to cre
ate considerable interest in the drive.
The indifference of the country to its
financial obligations has been increas
ingly difficult to break, and a corre
sponding decrease in tlie sales of
these miniature Liberty Bonds has re
sulted.
A Stanford pillow, given by the
Faculty Club, will be awarded to the
winning house, which will be deter
mined by the proportion of members.
Representatives have been appointed
to conduct and promote the drive un
der the direction of the Women's
Service Board and Professor W. A.
Cooper. Tables will be on Quad on
Thursday, at which stamps may be
bought. Pledges may be given to the
house representatives as well as made
011 Quad Thursday.
Plans for the thrift stamp campaign
to bo held Thursday now include the
pledging as well as the buying of
thrift stamps. This will increase the
competition between houses, which is
to be a distinct feature of the cam
paign.
This competition is expected to cre
ate considerable interest in the drive.
The indifference of the country to its
financial obligations has been increas
ingly difficult to break, and a corre
sponding decrease in tlie sales of
these miniature Liberty Bonds has re
sulted.
A Stanford pillow, given by the
Faculty Club, will be awarded to the
winning house, which will be deter
mined by the proportion of members.
Representatives have been appointed
to conduct and promote the drive un
der the direction of the Women's
Service Board and Professor W. A.
Cooper. Tables will be on Quad on
Thursday, at which stamps may be
bought. Pledges may be given to the
house representatives as well as made
011 Quad Thursday.
Plans for the thrift stamp campaign
to bo held Thursday now include the
pledging as well as the buying of
thrift stamps. This will increase the
competition between houses, which is
to be a distinct feature of the cam
paign.
This competition is expected to cre
ate considerable interest in the drive.
The indifference of the country to its
financial obligations has been increas
ingly difficult to break, and a corre
sponding decrease in tlie sales of
these miniature Liberty Bonds has re
sulted.
A Stanford pillow, given by the
Faculty Club, will be awarded to the
winning house, which will be deter
mined by the proportion of members.
Representatives have been appointed
to conduct and promote the drive un
der the direction of the Women's
Service Board and Professor W. A.
Cooper. Tables will be on Quad on
Thursday, at which stamps may be
bought. Pledges may be given to the
house representatives as well as made
011 Quad Thursday.
Plans for the thrift stamp campaign
to bo held Thursday now include the
pledging as well as the buying of
thrift stamps. This will increase the
competition between houses, which is
to be a distinct feature of the cam
paign.
This competition is expected to cre
ate considerable interest in the drive.
The indifference of the country to its
financial obligations has been increas
ingly difficult to break, and a corre
sponding decrease in tlie sales of
these miniature Liberty Bonds has re
sulted.
A Stanford pillow, given by the
Faculty Club, will be awarded to the
winning house, which will be deter
mined by the proportion of members.
Representatives have been appointed
to conduct and promote the drive un
der the direction of the Women's
Service Board and Professor W. A.
Cooper. Tables will be on Quad on
Thursday, at which stamps may be
bought. Pledges may be given to the
house representatives as well as made
011 Quad Thursday.
Plans for the thrift stamp campaign
to bo held Thursday now include the
pledging as well as the buying of
thrift stamps. This will increase the
competition between houses, which is
to be a distinct feature of the cam
paign.
This competition is expected to cre
ate considerable interest in the drive.
The indifference of the country to its
financial obligations has been increas
ingly difficult to break, and a corre
sponding decrease in tlie sales of
these miniature Liberty Bonds has re
sulted.
A Stanford pillow, given by the
Faculty Club, will be awarded to the
winning house, which will be deter
mined by the proportion of members.
Representatives have been appointed
to conduct and promote the drive un
der the direction of the Women's
Service Board and Professor W. A.
Cooper. Tables will be on Quad on
Thursday, at which stamps may be
bought. Pledges may be given to the
house representatives as well as made
011 Quad Thursday.
Plans for the thrift stamp campaign
to bo held Thursday now include the
pledging as well as the buying of
thrift stamps. This will increase the
competition between houses, which is
to be a distinct feature of the cam
paign.
This competition is expected to cre
ate considerable interest in the drive.
The indifference of the country to its
financial obligations has been increas
ingly difficult to break, and a corre
sponding decrease in tlie sales of
these miniature Liberty Bonds has re
sulted.
A Stanford pillow, given by the
Faculty Club, will be awarded to the
winning house, which will be deter
mined by the proportion of members.
Representatives have been appointed
to conduct and promote the drive un
der the direction of the Women's
Service Board and Professor W. A.
Cooper. Tables will be on Quad on
Thursday, at which stamps may be
bought. Pledges may be given to the
house representatives as well as made
011 Quad Thursday.
