# Electrical Engineers Will Organize.
## 
### 
The electrical engineers, not to be
outdone by the civil engineers, held a
meeting this afternoon for the purpose
of effecting an organization. The or
ganization will be very similar to that
of the civil engineers, the object being
the same.
There were fifteen present; Franken
field, '05, was elected temporary chair
man, and a committee of four, composed
of Frankenfiald, '95, Langford, '95,
Gilmore, '94, and Burnett, '95, was ap
pointed to draft a constitution. A
meeting will be called when the com
mittee is ready to report.
The electrical engineers, not to be
outdone by the civil engineers, held a
meeting this afternoon for the purpose
of effecting an organization. The or
ganization will be very similar to that
of the civil engineers, the object being
the same.
There were fifteen present; Franken
field, '05, was elected temporary chair
man, and a committee of four, composed
of Frankenfiald, '95, Langford, '95,
Gilmore, '94, and Burnett, '95, was ap
pointed to draft a constitution. A
meeting will be called when the com
mittee is ready to report.
The electrical engineers, not to be
outdone by the civil engineers, held a
meeting this afternoon for the purpose
of effecting an organization. The or
ganization will be very similar to that
of the civil engineers, the object being
the same.
There were fifteen present; Franken
field, '05, was elected temporary chair
man, and a committee of four, composed
of Frankenfiald, '95, Langford, '95,
Gilmore, '94, and Burnett, '95, was ap
pointed to draft a constitution. A
meeting will be called when the com
mittee is ready to report.
