# Adv. 23 Page 9
## 
### 
CHILDCARE
The Stanford Worklife Office
is looking for students
interested in providing
occasional child care on
evenings and weekends. Please
call (650)723-2660
Wanted: care for "wonderful and
cute" 4-year old girl, every
Sat. 3-10 PM, $15/ hr. Please
call: (650) 251 9022 or e-mail
lkramer@stanford.edu
Wanted: occasional sitter for 2
kids (3 and 6). (650) 725-2741.
Stanford student preferred.
DONORS WANTED
EGG DONORS NEEDED
$6000-515000+ (based on
specific qualifications) for
qualified, responsible applicants.
Special need for Jewish, Asian,
East Indian Donors. Close
personal support provided by an
experienced Egg Donor. Fertility
Alternatives, Inc. 951-696-7466
www.FertiljlyAlternatives.com
CHILDCARE
The Stanford Worklife Office
is looking for students
interested in providing
occasional child care on
evenings and weekends. Please
call (650)723-2660
Wanted: care for "wonderful and
cute" 4-year old girl, every
Sat. 3-10 PM, $15/ hr. Please
call: (650) 251 9022 or e-mail
lkramer@stanford.edu
Wanted: occasional sitter for 2
kids (3 and 6). (650) 725-2741.
Stanford student preferred.
DONORS WANTED
EGG DONORS NEEDED
$6000-515000+ (based on
specific qualifications) for
qualified, responsible applicants.
Special need for Jewish, Asian,
East Indian Donors. Close
personal support provided by an
experienced Egg Donor. Fertility
Alternatives, Inc. 951-696-7466
www.FertiljlyAlternatives.com
CHILDCARE
The Stanford Worklife Office
is looking for students
interested in providing
occasional child care on
evenings and weekends. Please
call (650)723-2660
Wanted: care for "wonderful and
cute" 4-year old girl, every
Sat. 3-10 PM, $15/ hr. Please
call: (650) 251 9022 or e-mail
lkramer@stanford.edu
Wanted: occasional sitter for 2
kids (3 and 6). (650) 725-2741.
Stanford student preferred.
DONORS WANTED
EGG DONORS NEEDED
$6000-515000+ (based on
specific qualifications) for
qualified, responsible applicants.
Special need for Jewish, Asian,
East Indian Donors. Close
personal support provided by an
experienced Egg Donor. Fertility
Alternatives, Inc. 951-696-7466
www.FertiljlyAlternatives.com
CHILDCARE
The Stanford Worklife Office
is looking for students
interested in providing
occasional child care on
evenings and weekends. Please
call (650)723-2660
Wanted: care for "wonderful and
cute" 4-year old girl, every
Sat. 3-10 PM, $15/ hr. Please
call: (650) 251 9022 or e-mail
lkramer@stanford.edu
Wanted: occasional sitter for 2
kids (3 and 6). (650) 725-2741.
Stanford student preferred.
DONORS WANTED
EGG DONORS NEEDED
$6000-515000+ (based on
specific qualifications) for
qualified, responsible applicants.
Special need for Jewish, Asian,
East Indian Donors. Close
personal support provided by an
experienced Egg Donor. Fertility
Alternatives, Inc. 951-696-7466
www.FertiljlyAlternatives.com
CHILDCARE
The Stanford Worklife Office
is looking for students
interested in providing
occasional child care on
evenings and weekends. Please
call (650)723-2660
Wanted: care for "wonderful and
cute" 4-year old girl, every
Sat. 3-10 PM, $15/ hr. Please
call: (650) 251 9022 or e-mail
lkramer@stanford.edu
Wanted: occasional sitter for 2
kids (3 and 6). (650) 725-2741.
Stanford student preferred.
DONORS WANTED
EGG DONORS NEEDED
$6000-515000+ (based on
specific qualifications) for
qualified, responsible applicants.
Special need for Jewish, Asian,
East Indian Donors. Close
personal support provided by an
experienced Egg Donor. Fertility
Alternatives, Inc. 951-696-7466
www.FertiljlyAlternatives.com
CHILDCARE
The Stanford Worklife Office
is looking for students
interested in providing
occasional child care on
evenings and weekends. Please
call (650)723-2660
Wanted: care for "wonderful and
cute" 4-year old girl, every
Sat. 3-10 PM, $15/ hr. Please
call: (650) 251 9022 or e-mail
lkramer@stanford.edu
Wanted: occasional sitter for 2
kids (3 and 6). (650) 725-2741.
Stanford student preferred.
DONORS WANTED
EGG DONORS NEEDED
$6000-515000+ (based on
specific qualifications) for
qualified, responsible applicants.
Special need for Jewish, Asian,
East Indian Donors. Close
personal support provided by an
experienced Egg Donor. Fertility
Alternatives, Inc. 951-696-7466
www.FertiljlyAlternatives.com
CHILDCARE
The Stanford Worklife Office
is looking for students
interested in providing
occasional child care on
evenings and weekends. Please
call (650)723-2660
Wanted: care for "wonderful and
cute" 4-year old girl, every
Sat. 3-10 PM, $15/ hr. Please
call: (650) 251 9022 or e-mail
lkramer@stanford.edu
Wanted: occasional sitter for 2
kids (3 and 6). (650) 725-2741.
Stanford student preferred.
DONORS WANTED
EGG DONORS NEEDED
$6000-515000+ (based on
specific qualifications) for
qualified, responsible applicants.
Special need for Jewish, Asian,
East Indian Donors. Close
personal support provided by an
experienced Egg Donor. Fertility
Alternatives, Inc. 951-696-7466
www.FertiljlyAlternatives.com
CHILDCARE
The Stanford Worklife Office
is looking for students
interested in providing
occasional child care on
evenings and weekends. Please
call (650)723-2660
Wanted: care for "wonderful and
cute" 4-year old girl, every
Sat. 3-10 PM, $15/ hr. Please
call: (650) 251 9022 or e-mail
lkramer@stanford.edu
Wanted: occasional sitter for 2
kids (3 and 6). (650) 725-2741.
Stanford student preferred.
DONORS WANTED
EGG DONORS NEEDED
$6000-515000+ (based on
specific qualifications) for
qualified, responsible applicants.
Special need for Jewish, Asian,
East Indian Donors. Close
personal support provided by an
experienced Egg Donor. Fertility
Alternatives, Inc. 951-696-7466
www.FertiljlyAlternatives.com
