# ROOTER SECTION ENTIRELY FILLED FOR U.S.C. GAME
## 
### 
For those who havp lost the
opportunity to purchase root
ers' tickets, the B.A.C. an
nounces that there are still a
number of $8.50 general ad
mission cardboards left, which
are obtainable today at either
the B.A.C. or other authorized
public agencies.
The entire rooting section
was sold out in the three days
of buying terminated yester
day. On the first day, Monday,
only 152 tickets were disposed
of, on Tuesday between 300 and
400, but yesterday the section
was completely filled to its
capacity of 1156.
There will undoubtedly bo a
good many more than 1156
present from the campus on
account of the remaining gen
eral admission tickets, and a
general exodus is expected on
the week-end of November 7.
For those who havp lost the
opportunity to purchase root
ers' tickets, the B.A.C. an
nounces that there are still a
number of $8.50 general ad
mission cardboards left, which
are obtainable today at either
the B.A.C. or other authorized
public agencies.
The entire rooting section
was sold out in the three days
of buying terminated yester
day. On the first day, Monday,
only 152 tickets were disposed
of, on Tuesday between 300 and
400, but yesterday the section
was completely filled to its
capacity of 1156.
There will undoubtedly bo a
good many more than 1156
present from the campus on
account of the remaining gen
eral admission tickets, and a
general exodus is expected on
the week-end of November 7.
For those who havp lost the
opportunity to purchase root
ers' tickets, the B.A.C. an
nounces that there are still a
number of $8.50 general ad
mission cardboards left, which
are obtainable today at either
the B.A.C. or other authorized
public agencies.
The entire rooting section
was sold out in the three days
of buying terminated yester
day. On the first day, Monday,
only 152 tickets were disposed
of, on Tuesday between 300 and
400, but yesterday the section
was completely filled to its
capacity of 1156.
There will undoubtedly bo a
good many more than 1156
present from the campus on
account of the remaining gen
eral admission tickets, and a
general exodus is expected on
the week-end of November 7.
For those who havp lost the
opportunity to purchase root
ers' tickets, the B.A.C. an
nounces that there are still a
number of $8.50 general ad
mission cardboards left, which
are obtainable today at either
the B.A.C. or other authorized
public agencies.
The entire rooting section
was sold out in the three days
of buying terminated yester
day. On the first day, Monday,
only 152 tickets were disposed
of, on Tuesday between 300 and
400, but yesterday the section
was completely filled to its
capacity of 1156.
There will undoubtedly bo a
good many more than 1156
present from the campus on
account of the remaining gen
eral admission tickets, and a
general exodus is expected on
the week-end of November 7.
For those who havp lost the
opportunity to purchase root
ers' tickets, the B.A.C. an
nounces that there are still a
number of $8.50 general ad
mission cardboards left, which
are obtainable today at either
the B.A.C. or other authorized
public agencies.
The entire rooting section
was sold out in the three days
of buying terminated yester
day. On the first day, Monday,
only 152 tickets were disposed
of, on Tuesday between 300 and
400, but yesterday the section
was completely filled to its
capacity of 1156.
There will undoubtedly bo a
good many more than 1156
present from the campus on
account of the remaining gen
eral admission tickets, and a
general exodus is expected on
the week-end of November 7.
For those who havp lost the
opportunity to purchase root
ers' tickets, the B.A.C. an
nounces that there are still a
number of $8.50 general ad
mission cardboards left, which
are obtainable today at either
the B.A.C. or other authorized
public agencies.
The entire rooting section
was sold out in the three days
of buying terminated yester
day. On the first day, Monday,
only 152 tickets were disposed
of, on Tuesday between 300 and
400, but yesterday the section
was completely filled to its
capacity of 1156.
There will undoubtedly bo a
good many more than 1156
present from the campus on
account of the remaining gen
eral admission tickets, and a
general exodus is expected on
the week-end of November 7.
For those who havp lost the
opportunity to purchase root
ers' tickets, the B.A.C. an
nounces that there are still a
number of $8.50 general ad
mission cardboards left, which
are obtainable today at either
the B.A.C. or other authorized
public agencies.
The entire rooting section
was sold out in the three days
of buying terminated yester
day. On the first day, Monday,
only 152 tickets were disposed
of, on Tuesday between 300 and
400, but yesterday the section
was completely filled to its
capacity of 1156.
There will undoubtedly bo a
good many more than 1156
present from the campus on
account of the remaining gen
eral admission tickets, and a
general exodus is expected on
the week-end of November 7.
For those who havp lost the
opportunity to purchase root
ers' tickets, the B.A.C. an
nounces that there are still a
number of $8.50 general ad
mission cardboards left, which
are obtainable today at either
the B.A.C. or other authorized
public agencies.
The entire rooting section
was sold out in the three days
of buying terminated yester
day. On the first day, Monday,
only 152 tickets were disposed
of, on Tuesday between 300 and
400, but yesterday the section
was completely filled to its
capacity of 1156.
There will undoubtedly bo a
good many more than 1156
present from the campus on
account of the remaining gen
eral admission tickets, and a
general exodus is expected on
the week-end of November 7.
For those who havp lost the
opportunity to purchase root
ers' tickets, the B.A.C. an
nounces that there are still a
number of $8.50 general ad
mission cardboards left, which
are obtainable today at either
the B.A.C. or other authorized
public agencies.
The entire rooting section
was sold out in the three days
of buying terminated yester
day. On the first day, Monday,
only 152 tickets were disposed
of, on Tuesday between 300 and
400, but yesterday the section
was completely filled to its
capacity of 1156.
There will undoubtedly bo a
good many more than 1156
present from the campus on
account of the remaining gen
eral admission tickets, and a
general exodus is expected on
the week-end of November 7.
For those who havp lost the
opportunity to purchase root
ers' tickets, the B.A.C. an
nounces that there are still a
number of $8.50 general ad
mission cardboards left, which
are obtainable today at either
the B.A.C. or other authorized
public agencies.
The entire rooting section
was sold out in the three days
of buying terminated yester
day. On the first day, Monday,
only 152 tickets were disposed
of, on Tuesday between 300 and
400, but yesterday the section
was completely filled to its
capacity of 1156.
There will undoubtedly bo a
good many more than 1156
present from the campus on
account of the remaining gen
eral admission tickets, and a
general exodus is expected on
the week-end of November 7.
For those who havp lost the
opportunity to purchase root
ers' tickets, the B.A.C. an
nounces that there are still a
number of $8.50 general ad
mission cardboards left, which
are obtainable today at either
the B.A.C. or other authorized
public agencies.
The entire rooting section
was sold out in the three days
of buying terminated yester
day. On the first day, Monday,
only 152 tickets were disposed
of, on Tuesday between 300 and
400, but yesterday the section
was completely filled to its
capacity of 1156.
There will undoubtedly bo a
good many more than 1156
present from the campus on
account of the remaining gen
eral admission tickets, and a
general exodus is expected on
the week-end of November 7.
For those who havp lost the
opportunity to purchase root
ers' tickets, the B.A.C. an
nounces that there are still a
number of $8.50 general ad
mission cardboards left, which
are obtainable today at either
the B.A.C. or other authorized
public agencies.
The entire rooting section
was sold out in the three days
of buying terminated yester
day. On the first day, Monday,
only 152 tickets were disposed
of, on Tuesday between 300 and
400, but yesterday the section
was completely filled to its
capacity of 1156.
There will undoubtedly bo a
good many more than 1156
present from the campus on
account of the remaining gen
eral admission tickets, and a
general exodus is expected on
the week-end of November 7.
For those who havp lost the
opportunity to purchase root
ers' tickets, the B.A.C. an
nounces that there are still a
number of $8.50 general ad
mission cardboards left, which
are obtainable today at either
the B.A.C. or other authorized
public agencies.
The entire rooting section
was sold out in the three days
of buying terminated yester
day. On the first day, Monday,
only 152 tickets were disposed
of, on Tuesday between 300 and
400, but yesterday the section
was completely filled to its
capacity of 1156.
There will undoubtedly bo a
good many more than 1156
present from the campus on
account of the remaining gen
eral admission tickets, and a
general exodus is expected on
the week-end of November 7.
For those who havp lost the
opportunity to purchase root
ers' tickets, the B.A.C. an
nounces that there are still a
number of $8.50 general ad
mission cardboards left, which
are obtainable today at either
the B.A.C. or other authorized
public agencies.
The entire rooting section
was sold out in the three days
of buying terminated yester
day. On the first day, Monday,
only 152 tickets were disposed
of, on Tuesday between 300 and
400, but yesterday the section
was completely filled to its
capacity of 1156.
There will undoubtedly bo a
good many more than 1156
present from the campus on
account of the remaining gen
eral admission tickets, and a
general exodus is expected on
the week-end of November 7.
For those who havp lost the
opportunity to purchase root
ers' tickets, the B.A.C. an
nounces that there are still a
number of $8.50 general ad
mission cardboards left, which
are obtainable today at either
the B.A.C. or other authorized
public agencies.
The entire rooting section
was sold out in the three days
of buying terminated yester
day. On the first day, Monday,
only 152 tickets were disposed
of, on Tuesday between 300 and
400, but yesterday the section
was completely filled to its
capacity of 1156.
There will undoubtedly bo a
good many more than 1156
present from the campus on
account of the remaining gen
eral admission tickets, and a
general exodus is expected on
the week-end of November 7.
