# MURAL GOLF ENTRIES CLOSE
## 
### 
Tonight at 6 o'clock will mark the
close of entries for the intramural
golf tournament. Fifteen organiza
tions have already signed up to
enter squads. The qualifying round
will be played tomorrow, Saturday,
or Sunday.
Tonight at 6 o'clock will mark the
close of entries for the intramural
golf tournament. Fifteen organiza
tions have already signed up to
enter squads. The qualifying round
will be played tomorrow, Saturday,
or Sunday.
Tonight at 6 o'clock will mark the
close of entries for the intramural
golf tournament. Fifteen organiza
tions have already signed up to
enter squads. The qualifying round
will be played tomorrow, Saturday,
or Sunday.
Tonight at 6 o'clock will mark the
close of entries for the intramural
golf tournament. Fifteen organiza
tions have already signed up to
enter squads. The qualifying round
will be played tomorrow, Saturday,
or Sunday.
Tonight at 6 o'clock will mark the
close of entries for the intramural
golf tournament. Fifteen organiza
tions have already signed up to
enter squads. The qualifying round
will be played tomorrow, Saturday,
or Sunday.
Tonight at 6 o'clock will mark the
close of entries for the intramural
golf tournament. Fifteen organiza
tions have already signed up to
enter squads. The qualifying round
will be played tomorrow, Saturday,
or Sunday.
Tonight at 6 o'clock will mark the
close of entries for the intramural
golf tournament. Fifteen organiza
tions have already signed up to
enter squads. The qualifying round
will be played tomorrow, Saturday,
or Sunday.
Tonight at 6 o'clock will mark the
close of entries for the intramural
golf tournament. Fifteen organiza
tions have already signed up to
enter squads. The qualifying round
will be played tomorrow, Saturday,
or Sunday.
Tonight at 6 o'clock will mark the
close of entries for the intramural
golf tournament. Fifteen organiza
tions have already signed up to
enter squads. The qualifying round
will be played tomorrow, Saturday,
or Sunday.
Tonight at 6 o'clock will mark the
close of entries for the intramural
golf tournament. Fifteen organiza
tions have already signed up to
enter squads. The qualifying round
will be played tomorrow, Saturday,
or Sunday.
Tonight at 6 o'clock will mark the
close of entries for the intramural
golf tournament. Fifteen organiza
tions have already signed up to
enter squads. The qualifying round
will be played tomorrow, Saturday,
or Sunday.
Tonight at 6 o'clock will mark the
close of entries for the intramural
golf tournament. Fifteen organiza
tions have already signed up to
enter squads. The qualifying round
will be played tomorrow, Saturday,
or Sunday.
Tonight at 6 o'clock will mark the
close of entries for the intramural
golf tournament. Fifteen organiza
tions have already signed up to
enter squads. The qualifying round
will be played tomorrow, Saturday,
or Sunday.
Tonight at 6 o'clock will mark the
close of entries for the intramural
golf tournament. Fifteen organiza
tions have already signed up to
enter squads. The qualifying round
will be played tomorrow, Saturday,
or Sunday.
Tonight at 6 o'clock will mark the
close of entries for the intramural
golf tournament. Fifteen organiza
tions have already signed up to
enter squads. The qualifying round
will be played tomorrow, Saturday,
or Sunday.
