# ALPHA SIGS PLEDGE
## 
### 
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of John Moore, George
Mullen, and Homer Harris, all Class
of 33.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of John Moore, George
Mullen, and Homer Harris, all Class
of 33.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of John Moore, George
Mullen, and Homer Harris, all Class
of 33.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of John Moore, George
Mullen, and Homer Harris, all Class
of 33.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of John Moore, George
Mullen, and Homer Harris, all Class
of 33.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of John Moore, George
Mullen, and Homer Harris, all Class
of 33.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of John Moore, George
Mullen, and Homer Harris, all Class
of 33.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of John Moore, George
Mullen, and Homer Harris, all Class
of 33.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of John Moore, George
Mullen, and Homer Harris, all Class
of 33.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of John Moore, George
Mullen, and Homer Harris, all Class
of 33.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of John Moore, George
Mullen, and Homer Harris, all Class
of 33.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of John Moore, George
Mullen, and Homer Harris, all Class
of 33.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of John Moore, George
Mullen, and Homer Harris, all Class
of 33.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of John Moore, George
Mullen, and Homer Harris, all Class
of 33.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of John Moore, George
Mullen, and Homer Harris, all Class
of 33.
