# Soprano Voices Needed in Choir.
## 
### 
1/. H. Eaton, University organist, dc
s'res that all who are planning to en
roll in the choir this semester should
do so promptly. There is ospecial need
for soprano voices.
1/. H. Eaton, University organist, dc
s'res that all who are planning to en
roll in the choir this semester should
do so promptly. There is ospecial need
for soprano voices.
1/. H. Eaton, University organist, dc
s'res that all who are planning to en
roll in the choir this semester should
do so promptly. There is ospecial need
for soprano voices.
1/. H. Eaton, University organist, dc
s'res that all who are planning to en
roll in the choir this semester should
do so promptly. There is ospecial need
for soprano voices.
1/. H. Eaton, University organist, dc
s'res that all who are planning to en
roll in the choir this semester should
do so promptly. There is ospecial need
for soprano voices.
1/. H. Eaton, University organist, dc
s'res that all who are planning to en
roll in the choir this semester should
do so promptly. There is ospecial need
for soprano voices.
1/. H. Eaton, University organist, dc
s'res that all who are planning to en
roll in the choir this semester should
do so promptly. There is ospecial need
for soprano voices.
1/. H. Eaton, University organist, dc
s'res that all who are planning to en
roll in the choir this semester should
do so promptly. There is ospecial need
for soprano voices.
1/. H. Eaton, University organist, dc
s'res that all who are planning to en
roll in the choir this semester should
do so promptly. There is ospecial need
for soprano voices.
1/. H. Eaton, University organist, dc
s'res that all who are planning to en
roll in the choir this semester should
do so promptly. There is ospecial need
for soprano voices.
1/. H. Eaton, University organist, dc
s'res that all who are planning to en
roll in the choir this semester should
do so promptly. There is ospecial need
for soprano voices.
1/. H. Eaton, University organist, dc
s'res that all who are planning to en
roll in the choir this semester should
do so promptly. There is ospecial need
for soprano voices.
1/. H. Eaton, University organist, dc
s'res that all who are planning to en
roll in the choir this semester should
do so promptly. There is ospecial need
for soprano voices.
1/. H. Eaton, University organist, dc
s'res that all who are planning to en
roll in the choir this semester should
do so promptly. There is ospecial need
for soprano voices.
