# Nevada Professors Take Curious Oath.
## 
### 
An old .rule of the University of Ne
vada requires that each member of the
faculty swear to an affidavit, stating
that he has never participated, either
as principal or as second, in a duel.
The rule further demands that they
swear to uphold the federal constitu
tion. This requirement is of ancient
origin, only recently having been
brought to light C. R. Lewers, '9C,
and now a professor in the Reno insti
tution.
An old .rule of the University of Ne
vada requires that each member of the
faculty swear to an affidavit, stating
that he has never participated, either
as principal or as second, in a duel.
The rule further demands that they
swear to uphold the federal constitu
tion. This requirement is of ancient
origin, only recently having been
brought to light C. R. Lewers, '9C,
and now a professor in the Reno insti
tution.
An old .rule of the University of Ne
vada requires that each member of the
faculty swear to an affidavit, stating
that he has never participated, either
as principal or as second, in a duel.
The rule further demands that they
swear to uphold the federal constitu
tion. This requirement is of ancient
origin, only recently having been
brought to light C. R. Lewers, '9C,
and now a professor in the Reno insti
tution.
An old .rule of the University of Ne
vada requires that each member of the
faculty swear to an affidavit, stating
that he has never participated, either
as principal or as second, in a duel.
The rule further demands that they
swear to uphold the federal constitu
tion. This requirement is of ancient
origin, only recently having been
brought to light C. R. Lewers, '9C,
and now a professor in the Reno insti
tution.
An old .rule of the University of Ne
vada requires that each member of the
faculty swear to an affidavit, stating
that he has never participated, either
as principal or as second, in a duel.
The rule further demands that they
swear to uphold the federal constitu
tion. This requirement is of ancient
origin, only recently having been
brought to light C. R. Lewers, '9C,
and now a professor in the Reno insti
tution.
An old .rule of the University of Ne
vada requires that each member of the
faculty swear to an affidavit, stating
that he has never participated, either
as principal or as second, in a duel.
The rule further demands that they
swear to uphold the federal constitu
tion. This requirement is of ancient
origin, only recently having been
brought to light C. R. Lewers, '9C,
and now a professor in the Reno insti
tution.
An old .rule of the University of Ne
vada requires that each member of the
faculty swear to an affidavit, stating
that he has never participated, either
as principal or as second, in a duel.
The rule further demands that they
swear to uphold the federal constitu
tion. This requirement is of ancient
origin, only recently having been
brought to light C. R. Lewers, '9C,
and now a professor in the Reno insti
tution.
An old .rule of the University of Ne
vada requires that each member of the
faculty swear to an affidavit, stating
that he has never participated, either
as principal or as second, in a duel.
The rule further demands that they
swear to uphold the federal constitu
tion. This requirement is of ancient
origin, only recently having been
brought to light C. R. Lewers, '9C,
and now a professor in the Reno insti
tution.
An old .rule of the University of Ne
vada requires that each member of the
faculty swear to an affidavit, stating
that he has never participated, either
as principal or as second, in a duel.
The rule further demands that they
swear to uphold the federal constitu
tion. This requirement is of ancient
origin, only recently having been
brought to light C. R. Lewers, '9C,
and now a professor in the Reno insti
tution.
An old .rule of the University of Ne
vada requires that each member of the
faculty swear to an affidavit, stating
that he has never participated, either
as principal or as second, in a duel.
The rule further demands that they
swear to uphold the federal constitu
tion. This requirement is of ancient
origin, only recently having been
brought to light C. R. Lewers, '9C,
and now a professor in the Reno insti
tution.
An old .rule of the University of Ne
vada requires that each member of the
faculty swear to an affidavit, stating
that he has never participated, either
as principal or as second, in a duel.
The rule further demands that they
swear to uphold the federal constitu
tion. This requirement is of ancient
origin, only recently having been
brought to light C. R. Lewers, '9C,
and now a professor in the Reno insti
tution.
An old .rule of the University of Ne
vada requires that each member of the
faculty swear to an affidavit, stating
that he has never participated, either
as principal or as second, in a duel.
The rule further demands that they
swear to uphold the federal constitu
tion. This requirement is of ancient
origin, only recently having been
brought to light C. R. Lewers, '9C,
and now a professor in the Reno insti
tution.
An old .rule of the University of Ne
vada requires that each member of the
faculty swear to an affidavit, stating
that he has never participated, either
as principal or as second, in a duel.
The rule further demands that they
swear to uphold the federal constitu
tion. This requirement is of ancient
origin, only recently having been
brought to light C. R. Lewers, '9C,
and now a professor in the Reno insti
tution.
An old .rule of the University of Ne
vada requires that each member of the
faculty swear to an affidavit, stating
that he has never participated, either
as principal or as second, in a duel.
The rule further demands that they
swear to uphold the federal constitu
tion. This requirement is of ancient
origin, only recently having been
brought to light C. R. Lewers, '9C,
and now a professor in the Reno insti
tution.
