# GERMAN CENTER HOLDS
## 
### 
United Press Telegraphic Report
Paris, Oct. 5. The allies, heavily
reinforced, with their lines now ex
tending north of Arras, twenty miles
from the Belgian border and thirty
miles from the sea coast, are fast re
pelling the German right from France.
Teuton efforts to break through Roye
and Lassigny have been fruitless. With
the increasing pressure placed upon
them, it is predicted that the Germans
will retire toward Belgium. The sit
uation at the center remains un
changed, with both armies entrenched
in their old positions. Crown Prince
Wilhelm has retired from Woevre, with
the French advance upon Toul. The
siege of three of the forts about Meuse
have been raised, on account of heavy
losses, and no results. An intercepted
wireless indicates that the Germans
are near the end of their resources.
