# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Four full crews are out for fall
practice at State University. Interest
this year in rowing is up to the fall
standard, and some hard tussles for
scats in the eighths are to be expected
in the spring.
Four full crews are out for fall
practice at State University. Interest
this year in rowing is up to the fall
standard, and some hard tussles for
scats in the eighths are to be expected
in the spring.
Four full crews are out for fall
practice at State University. Interest
this year in rowing is up to the fall
standard, and some hard tussles for
scats in the eighths are to be expected
in the spring.
Four full crews are out for fall
practice at State University. Interest
this year in rowing is up to the fall
standard, and some hard tussles for
scats in the eighths are to be expected
in the spring.
Four full crews are out for fall
practice at State University. Interest
this year in rowing is up to the fall
standard, and some hard tussles for
scats in the eighths are to be expected
in the spring.
Four full crews are out for fall
practice at State University. Interest
this year in rowing is up to the fall
standard, and some hard tussles for
scats in the eighths are to be expected
in the spring.
Four full crews are out for fall
practice at State University. Interest
this year in rowing is up to the fall
standard, and some hard tussles for
scats in the eighths are to be expected
in the spring.
Four full crews are out for fall
practice at State University. Interest
this year in rowing is up to the fall
standard, and some hard tussles for
scats in the eighths are to be expected
in the spring.
Four full crews are out for fall
practice at State University. Interest
this year in rowing is up to the fall
standard, and some hard tussles for
scats in the eighths are to be expected
in the spring.
Four full crews are out for fall
practice at State University. Interest
this year in rowing is up to the fall
standard, and some hard tussles for
scats in the eighths are to be expected
in the spring.
Four full crews are out for fall
practice at State University. Interest
this year in rowing is up to the fall
standard, and some hard tussles for
scats in the eighths are to be expected
in the spring.
Four full crews are out for fall
practice at State University. Interest
this year in rowing is up to the fall
standard, and some hard tussles for
scats in the eighths are to be expected
in the spring.
Four full crews are out for fall
practice at State University. Interest
this year in rowing is up to the fall
standard, and some hard tussles for
scats in the eighths are to be expected
in the spring.
Four full crews are out for fall
practice at State University. Interest
this year in rowing is up to the fall
standard, and some hard tussles for
scats in the eighths are to be expected
in the spring.
