# How the War Affects California.
## 
### 
The monthly letter of the Anglo &
London Paris National Bank (San
Francisco) says that inquiry among
those engaged in the most important
lines of production and trade in this
state indicates general opinion that,
with the exception of petroleum and
copper, and to a less extent lumber
and dried apricots, no California in
dustry will be injuriously affected by
the war, and most will lie benefitted.
Trade with all Oriental nations, and
p.robably with Australia, is expected
to increase. In fact, while the cost
<>112 such a war must ultimately be dis
tributed over the world and be a loss
to all civilization, temporary profit can
not help but come to neutral nations
and especially to this country with its
great area, self-sustaining character,
and varied production, and moreover
with the power to protect its rights as
a neutral nation.
