# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Now that the Class of 1901 has
offered the annual prize for a mer
itorious farce to he produced on
Junior Day, it remains for every
student who has any ability to try
for it. In times past farces of real
merit have been written and pro
duced here, and there is no reason
why this year should be any excep
tion. Student life is of such a
nature that it readily offers to the
observer many phases that can eas
ily be worked up. There is no rea
son why a large number of produc
tions should not be submitted to
the committee, and every one who
thinks he can possibly write, is
urged to do so.
Now that the Class of 1901 has
offered the annual prize for a mer
itorious farce to he produced on
Junior Day, it remains for every
student who has any ability to try
for it. In times past farces of real
merit have been written and pro
duced here, and there is no reason
why this year should be any excep
tion. Student life is of such a
nature that it readily offers to the
observer many phases that can eas
ily be worked up. There is no rea
son why a large number of produc
tions should not be submitted to
the committee, and every one who
thinks he can possibly write, is
urged to do so.
Now that the Class of 1901 has
offered the annual prize for a mer
itorious farce to he produced on
Junior Day, it remains for every
student who has any ability to try
for it. In times past farces of real
merit have been written and pro
duced here, and there is no reason
why this year should be any excep
tion. Student life is of such a
nature that it readily offers to the
observer many phases that can eas
ily be worked up. There is no rea
son why a large number of produc
tions should not be submitted to
the committee, and every one who
thinks he can possibly write, is
urged to do so.
Now that the Class of 1901 has
offered the annual prize for a mer
itorious farce to he produced on
Junior Day, it remains for every
student who has any ability to try
for it. In times past farces of real
merit have been written and pro
duced here, and there is no reason
why this year should be any excep
tion. Student life is of such a
nature that it readily offers to the
observer many phases that can eas
ily be worked up. There is no rea
son why a large number of produc
tions should not be submitted to
the committee, and every one who
thinks he can possibly write, is
urged to do so.
Now that the Class of 1901 has
offered the annual prize for a mer
itorious farce to he produced on
Junior Day, it remains for every
student who has any ability to try
for it. In times past farces of real
merit have been written and pro
duced here, and there is no reason
why this year should be any excep
tion. Student life is of such a
nature that it readily offers to the
observer many phases that can eas
ily be worked up. There is no rea
son why a large number of produc
tions should not be submitted to
the committee, and every one who
thinks he can possibly write, is
urged to do so.
Now that the Class of 1901 has
offered the annual prize for a mer
itorious farce to he produced on
Junior Day, it remains for every
student who has any ability to try
for it. In times past farces of real
merit have been written and pro
duced here, and there is no reason
why this year should be any excep
tion. Student life is of such a
nature that it readily offers to the
observer many phases that can eas
ily be worked up. There is no rea
son why a large number of produc
tions should not be submitted to
the committee, and every one who
thinks he can possibly write, is
urged to do so.
Now that the Class of 1901 has
offered the annual prize for a mer
itorious farce to he produced on
Junior Day, it remains for every
student who has any ability to try
for it. In times past farces of real
merit have been written and pro
duced here, and there is no reason
why this year should be any excep
tion. Student life is of such a
nature that it readily offers to the
observer many phases that can eas
ily be worked up. There is no rea
son why a large number of produc
tions should not be submitted to
the committee, and every one who
thinks he can possibly write, is
urged to do so.
