# Untitled Article
## 
### 
In the last two years our debat
ing system has undergone radical
changes. The times when but three
men presented themselves for places
on the teams have departed, and
from present indications, forever.
Then, as Professor Ross once said,
"The difficulty was to obtain men
who could speak English for ten
minutes." The increased excel
lence of the semi-finals this year
over the preliminary debates of
last seem to show that we now have
men whom we can trust, as far as
English is concerned. "Now," to
quote Professor Ross again, "the
difficulty lies in training our de
baters to argue in English for ten
minutes." Increased excellence in
general qualities gives us much en
couragement. We may be certain
that, with the importance now
placed oti debating, the enthusiasm
will continue. One mistake, espec
ially, seems to be righting itself.
We try to get freshmen oul on the
gridiron, on the diamond; and on
the track; but there has been a spirit
here which rather prevented fresh
men from trying theCarnot and In
tercollegiate preliminaries. We re
cognize the necessity of development
in athletics, but have until lately
discouraged under class men from
attempting the debates. Last year
one freshman entered; this year
several have gone into them. It is
a good sign. The experience and
example some of the faeshmen this
year are setting, should develop
into a well-defined custom.
In the last two years our debat
ing system has undergone radical
changes. The times when but three
men presented themselves for places
on the teams have departed, and
from present indications, forever.
Then, as Professor Ross once said,
"The difficulty was to obtain men
who could speak English for ten
minutes." The increased excel
lence of the semi-finals this year
over the preliminary debates of
last seem to show that we now have
men whom we can trust, as far as
English is concerned. "Now," to
quote Professor Ross again, "the
difficulty lies in training our de
baters to argue in English for ten
minutes." Increased excellence in
general qualities gives us much en
couragement. We may be certain
that, with the importance now
placed oti debating, the enthusiasm
will continue. One mistake, espec
ially, seems to be righting itself.
We try to get freshmen oul on the
gridiron, on the diamond; and on
the track; but there has been a spirit
here which rather prevented fresh
men from trying theCarnot and In
tercollegiate preliminaries. We re
cognize the necessity of development
in athletics, but have until lately
discouraged under class men from
attempting the debates. Last year
one freshman entered; this year
several have gone into them. It is
a good sign. The experience and
example some of the faeshmen this
year are setting, should develop
into a well-defined custom.
In the last two years our debat
ing system has undergone radical
changes. The times when but three
men presented themselves for places
on the teams have departed, and
from present indications, forever.
Then, as Professor Ross once said,
"The difficulty was to obtain men
who could speak English for ten
minutes." The increased excel
lence of the semi-finals this year
over the preliminary debates of
last seem to show that we now have
men whom we can trust, as far as
English is concerned. "Now," to
quote Professor Ross again, "the
difficulty lies in training our de
baters to argue in English for ten
minutes." Increased excellence in
general qualities gives us much en
couragement. We may be certain
that, with the importance now
placed oti debating, the enthusiasm
will continue. One mistake, espec
ially, seems to be righting itself.
We try to get freshmen oul on the
gridiron, on the diamond; and on
the track; but there has been a spirit
here which rather prevented fresh
men from trying theCarnot and In
tercollegiate preliminaries. We re
cognize the necessity of development
in athletics, but have until lately
discouraged under class men from
attempting the debates. Last year
one freshman entered; this year
several have gone into them. It is
a good sign. The experience and
example some of the faeshmen this
year are setting, should develop
into a well-defined custom.
In the last two years our debat
ing system has undergone radical
changes. The times when but three
men presented themselves for places
on the teams have departed, and
from present indications, forever.
Then, as Professor Ross once said,
"The difficulty was to obtain men
who could speak English for ten
minutes." The increased excel
lence of the semi-finals this year
over the preliminary debates of
last seem to show that we now have
men whom we can trust, as far as
English is concerned. "Now," to
quote Professor Ross again, "the
difficulty lies in training our de
baters to argue in English for ten
minutes." Increased excellence in
general qualities gives us much en
couragement. We may be certain
that, with the importance now
placed oti debating, the enthusiasm
will continue. One mistake, espec
ially, seems to be righting itself.
We try to get freshmen oul on the
gridiron, on the diamond; and on
the track; but there has been a spirit
here which rather prevented fresh
men from trying theCarnot and In
tercollegiate preliminaries. We re
cognize the necessity of development
in athletics, but have until lately
discouraged under class men from
attempting the debates. Last year
one freshman entered; this year
several have gone into them. It is
a good sign. The experience and
example some of the faeshmen this
year are setting, should develop
into a well-defined custom.
In the last two years our debat
ing system has undergone radical
changes. The times when but three
men presented themselves for places
on the teams have departed, and
from present indications, forever.
Then, as Professor Ross once said,
"The difficulty was to obtain men
who could speak English for ten
minutes." The increased excel
lence of the semi-finals this year
over the preliminary debates of
last seem to show that we now have
men whom we can trust, as far as
English is concerned. "Now," to
quote Professor Ross again, "the
difficulty lies in training our de
baters to argue in English for ten
minutes." Increased excellence in
general qualities gives us much en
couragement. We may be certain
that, with the importance now
placed oti debating, the enthusiasm
will continue. One mistake, espec
ially, seems to be righting itself.
We try to get freshmen oul on the
gridiron, on the diamond; and on
the track; but there has been a spirit
here which rather prevented fresh
men from trying theCarnot and In
tercollegiate preliminaries. We re
cognize the necessity of development
in athletics, but have until lately
discouraged under class men from
attempting the debates. Last year
one freshman entered; this year
several have gone into them. It is
a good sign. The experience and
example some of the faeshmen this
year are setting, should develop
into a well-defined custom.
In the last two years our debat
ing system has undergone radical
changes. The times when but three
men presented themselves for places
on the teams have departed, and
from present indications, forever.
Then, as Professor Ross once said,
"The difficulty was to obtain men
who could speak English for ten
minutes." The increased excel
lence of the semi-finals this year
over the preliminary debates of
last seem to show that we now have
men whom we can trust, as far as
English is concerned. "Now," to
quote Professor Ross again, "the
difficulty lies in training our de
baters to argue in English for ten
minutes." Increased excellence in
general qualities gives us much en
couragement. We may be certain
that, with the importance now
placed oti debating, the enthusiasm
will continue. One mistake, espec
ially, seems to be righting itself.
We try to get freshmen oul on the
gridiron, on the diamond; and on
the track; but there has been a spirit
here which rather prevented fresh
men from trying theCarnot and In
tercollegiate preliminaries. We re
cognize the necessity of development
in athletics, but have until lately
discouraged under class men from
attempting the debates. Last year
one freshman entered; this year
several have gone into them. It is
a good sign. The experience and
example some of the faeshmen this
year are setting, should develop
into a well-defined custom.
In the last two years our debat
ing system has undergone radical
changes. The times when but three
men presented themselves for places
on the teams have departed, and
from present indications, forever.
Then, as Professor Ross once said,
"The difficulty was to obtain men
who could speak English for ten
minutes." The increased excel
lence of the semi-finals this year
over the preliminary debates of
last seem to show that we now have
men whom we can trust, as far as
English is concerned. "Now," to
quote Professor Ross again, "the
difficulty lies in training our de
baters to argue in English for ten
minutes." Increased excellence in
general qualities gives us much en
couragement. We may be certain
that, with the importance now
placed oti debating, the enthusiasm
will continue. One mistake, espec
ially, seems to be righting itself.
We try to get freshmen oul on the
gridiron, on the diamond; and on
the track; but there has been a spirit
here which rather prevented fresh
men from trying theCarnot and In
tercollegiate preliminaries. We re
cognize the necessity of development
in athletics, but have until lately
discouraged under class men from
attempting the debates. Last year
one freshman entered; this year
several have gone into them. It is
a good sign. The experience and
example some of the faeshmen this
year are setting, should develop
into a well-defined custom.
