# To Give Concerts.
## 
### 
At a recent meeting the Univer
sity Orchestra decided to offer to
play at assemblies, and to give in
formal concerts in Encina club
room at frequent intervals during
the year.
At a recent meeting the Univer
sity Orchestra decided to offer to
play at assemblies, and to give in
formal concerts in Encina club
room at frequent intervals during
the year.
At a recent meeting the Univer
sity Orchestra decided to offer to
play at assemblies, and to give in
formal concerts in Encina club
room at frequent intervals during
the year.
At a recent meeting the Univer
sity Orchestra decided to offer to
play at assemblies, and to give in
formal concerts in Encina club
room at frequent intervals during
the year.
At a recent meeting the Univer
sity Orchestra decided to offer to
play at assemblies, and to give in
formal concerts in Encina club
room at frequent intervals during
the year.
At a recent meeting the Univer
sity Orchestra decided to offer to
play at assemblies, and to give in
formal concerts in Encina club
room at frequent intervals during
the year.
At a recent meeting the Univer
sity Orchestra decided to offer to
play at assemblies, and to give in
formal concerts in Encina club
room at frequent intervals during
the year.
At a recent meeting the Univer
sity Orchestra decided to offer to
play at assemblies, and to give in
formal concerts in Encina club
room at frequent intervals during
the year.
At a recent meeting the Univer
sity Orchestra decided to offer to
play at assemblies, and to give in
formal concerts in Encina club
room at frequent intervals during
the year.
