# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The generous offer of the Univer
sity Orchestra to play at assemblies
and to give informal concerts dur
ing the college year is in striking
contrast to the conduct of the Mus
ical Clubs, which have persistently
failed to observe their promise to
occasionally appear before the Uni
versity public. The Orchestra is
not an official organization of the
Associated Students, and has re
ceived no financial support from
that body, but the Combined Clubs
have been no small burden on the
treasury. Has there been any ade
quate return for the expenditure
necessary to purchase music for the
clubs? A large number of students
and faculty members are ready to
answer the above question in the
negative, and if the expression of
this opinion leads to action, the
Combined Clubs may be succeeded
by an organization which will give
some return for the support of the
student body.
The generous offer of the Univer
sity Orchestra to play at assemblies
and to give informal concerts dur
ing the college year is in striking
contrast to the conduct of the Mus
ical Clubs, which have persistently
failed to observe their promise to
occasionally appear before the Uni
versity public. The Orchestra is
not an official organization of the
Associated Students, and has re
ceived no financial support from
that body, but the Combined Clubs
have been no small burden on the
treasury. Has there been any ade
quate return for the expenditure
necessary to purchase music for the
clubs? A large number of students
and faculty members are ready to
answer the above question in the
negative, and if the expression of
this opinion leads to action, the
Combined Clubs may be succeeded
by an organization which will give
some return for the support of the
student body.
The generous offer of the Univer
sity Orchestra to play at assemblies
and to give informal concerts dur
ing the college year is in striking
contrast to the conduct of the Mus
ical Clubs, which have persistently
failed to observe their promise to
occasionally appear before the Uni
versity public. The Orchestra is
not an official organization of the
Associated Students, and has re
ceived no financial support from
that body, but the Combined Clubs
have been no small burden on the
treasury. Has there been any ade
quate return for the expenditure
necessary to purchase music for the
clubs? A large number of students
and faculty members are ready to
answer the above question in the
negative, and if the expression of
this opinion leads to action, the
Combined Clubs may be succeeded
by an organization which will give
some return for the support of the
student body.
The generous offer of the Univer
sity Orchestra to play at assemblies
and to give informal concerts dur
ing the college year is in striking
contrast to the conduct of the Mus
ical Clubs, which have persistently
failed to observe their promise to
occasionally appear before the Uni
versity public. The Orchestra is
not an official organization of the
Associated Students, and has re
ceived no financial support from
that body, but the Combined Clubs
have been no small burden on the
treasury. Has there been any ade
quate return for the expenditure
necessary to purchase music for the
clubs? A large number of students
and faculty members are ready to
answer the above question in the
negative, and if the expression of
this opinion leads to action, the
Combined Clubs may be succeeded
by an organization which will give
some return for the support of the
student body.
The generous offer of the Univer
sity Orchestra to play at assemblies
and to give informal concerts dur
ing the college year is in striking
contrast to the conduct of the Mus
ical Clubs, which have persistently
failed to observe their promise to
occasionally appear before the Uni
versity public. The Orchestra is
not an official organization of the
Associated Students, and has re
ceived no financial support from
that body, but the Combined Clubs
have been no small burden on the
treasury. Has there been any ade
quate return for the expenditure
necessary to purchase music for the
clubs? A large number of students
and faculty members are ready to
answer the above question in the
negative, and if the expression of
this opinion leads to action, the
Combined Clubs may be succeeded
by an organization which will give
some return for the support of the
student body.
The generous offer of the Univer
sity Orchestra to play at assemblies
and to give informal concerts dur
ing the college year is in striking
contrast to the conduct of the Mus
ical Clubs, which have persistently
failed to observe their promise to
occasionally appear before the Uni
versity public. The Orchestra is
not an official organization of the
Associated Students, and has re
ceived no financial support from
that body, but the Combined Clubs
have been no small burden on the
treasury. Has there been any ade
quate return for the expenditure
necessary to purchase music for the
clubs? A large number of students
and faculty members are ready to
answer the above question in the
negative, and if the expression of
this opinion leads to action, the
Combined Clubs may be succeeded
by an organization which will give
some return for the support of the
student body.
The generous offer of the Univer
sity Orchestra to play at assemblies
and to give informal concerts dur
ing the college year is in striking
contrast to the conduct of the Mus
ical Clubs, which have persistently
failed to observe their promise to
occasionally appear before the Uni
versity public. The Orchestra is
not an official organization of the
Associated Students, and has re
ceived no financial support from
that body, but the Combined Clubs
have been no small burden on the
treasury. Has there been any ade
quate return for the expenditure
necessary to purchase music for the
clubs? A large number of students
and faculty members are ready to
answer the above question in the
negative, and if the expression of
this opinion leads to action, the
Combined Clubs may be succeeded
by an organization which will give
some return for the support of the
student body.
The generous offer of the Univer
sity Orchestra to play at assemblies
and to give informal concerts dur
ing the college year is in striking
contrast to the conduct of the Mus
ical Clubs, which have persistently
failed to observe their promise to
occasionally appear before the Uni
versity public. The Orchestra is
not an official organization of the
Associated Students, and has re
ceived no financial support from
that body, but the Combined Clubs
have been no small burden on the
treasury. Has there been any ade
quate return for the expenditure
necessary to purchase music for the
clubs? A large number of students
and faculty members are ready to
answer the above question in the
negative, and if the expression of
this opinion leads to action, the
Combined Clubs may be succeeded
by an organization which will give
some return for the support of the
student body.
The generous offer of the Univer
sity Orchestra to play at assemblies
and to give informal concerts dur
ing the college year is in striking
contrast to the conduct of the Mus
ical Clubs, which have persistently
failed to observe their promise to
occasionally appear before the Uni
versity public. The Orchestra is
not an official organization of the
Associated Students, and has re
ceived no financial support from
that body, but the Combined Clubs
have been no small burden on the
treasury. Has there been any ade
quate return for the expenditure
necessary to purchase music for the
clubs? A large number of students
and faculty members are ready to
answer the above question in the
negative, and if the expression of
this opinion leads to action, the
Combined Clubs may be succeeded
by an organization which will give
some return for the support of the
student body.
