# Professor Stearns Dies At Monrovia.
## 
### 
Professor H. I). Stearns, '92, As
sociate Professor of Physics, died
at Monrovia, California, yesterday
morning, a victim of tuberculosis.
Because of the serious character of
the disease, Professor Stearns was
forced to retire from the Univer
sity on sick leave over three years
ago and since then he has been an in
mate of a Monrovia sanitarium dur
ing the greater part of the time.
Professor H. I). Stearns, '92, As
sociate Professor of Physics, died
at Monrovia, California, yesterday
morning, a victim of tuberculosis.
Because of the serious character of
the disease, Professor Stearns was
forced to retire from the Univer
sity on sick leave over three years
ago and since then he has been an in
mate of a Monrovia sanitarium dur
ing the greater part of the time.
Professor H. I). Stearns, '92, As
sociate Professor of Physics, died
at Monrovia, California, yesterday
morning, a victim of tuberculosis.
Because of the serious character of
the disease, Professor Stearns was
forced to retire from the Univer
sity on sick leave over three years
ago and since then he has been an in
mate of a Monrovia sanitarium dur
ing the greater part of the time.
Professor H. I). Stearns, '92, As
sociate Professor of Physics, died
at Monrovia, California, yesterday
morning, a victim of tuberculosis.
Because of the serious character of
the disease, Professor Stearns was
forced to retire from the Univer
sity on sick leave over three years
ago and since then he has been an in
mate of a Monrovia sanitarium dur
ing the greater part of the time.
Professor H. I). Stearns, '92, As
sociate Professor of Physics, died
at Monrovia, California, yesterday
morning, a victim of tuberculosis.
Because of the serious character of
the disease, Professor Stearns was
forced to retire from the Univer
sity on sick leave over three years
ago and since then he has been an in
mate of a Monrovia sanitarium dur
ing the greater part of the time.
Professor H. I). Stearns, '92, As
sociate Professor of Physics, died
at Monrovia, California, yesterday
morning, a victim of tuberculosis.
Because of the serious character of
the disease, Professor Stearns was
forced to retire from the Univer
sity on sick leave over three years
ago and since then he has been an in
mate of a Monrovia sanitarium dur
ing the greater part of the time.
Professor H. I). Stearns, '92, As
sociate Professor of Physics, died
at Monrovia, California, yesterday
morning, a victim of tuberculosis.
Because of the serious character of
the disease, Professor Stearns was
forced to retire from the Univer
sity on sick leave over three years
ago and since then he has been an in
mate of a Monrovia sanitarium dur
ing the greater part of the time.
Professor H. I). Stearns, '92, As
sociate Professor of Physics, died
at Monrovia, California, yesterday
morning, a victim of tuberculosis.
Because of the serious character of
the disease, Professor Stearns was
forced to retire from the Univer
sity on sick leave over three years
ago and since then he has been an in
mate of a Monrovia sanitarium dur
ing the greater part of the time.
Professor H. I). Stearns, '92, As
sociate Professor of Physics, died
at Monrovia, California, yesterday
morning, a victim of tuberculosis.
Because of the serious character of
the disease, Professor Stearns was
forced to retire from the Univer
sity on sick leave over three years
ago and since then he has been an in
mate of a Monrovia sanitarium dur
ing the greater part of the time.
