# Track Collections Due by Friday.
## 
### 
Manager Sales has announced that
every collector must turn in his col
lections for the new track fund by
next Friday noon, when a list of sub
scribers will be given out. The
amount thus far received is about
$300.
Manager Sales has announced that
every collector must turn in his col
lections for the new track fund by
next Friday noon, when a list of sub
scribers will be given out. The
amount thus far received is about
$300.
Manager Sales has announced that
every collector must turn in his col
lections for the new track fund by
next Friday noon, when a list of sub
scribers will be given out. The
amount thus far received is about
$300.
Manager Sales has announced that
every collector must turn in his col
lections for the new track fund by
next Friday noon, when a list of sub
scribers will be given out. The
amount thus far received is about
$300.
Manager Sales has announced that
every collector must turn in his col
lections for the new track fund by
next Friday noon, when a list of sub
scribers will be given out. The
amount thus far received is about
$300.
Manager Sales has announced that
every collector must turn in his col
lections for the new track fund by
next Friday noon, when a list of sub
scribers will be given out. The
amount thus far received is about
$300.
Manager Sales has announced that
every collector must turn in his col
lections for the new track fund by
next Friday noon, when a list of sub
scribers will be given out. The
amount thus far received is about
$300.
Manager Sales has announced that
every collector must turn in his col
lections for the new track fund by
next Friday noon, when a list of sub
scribers will be given out. The
amount thus far received is about
$300.
Manager Sales has announced that
every collector must turn in his col
lections for the new track fund by
next Friday noon, when a list of sub
scribers will be given out. The
amount thus far received is about
$300.
