# Vaccination Slips Must Be In Today
## 
### 
Vaccination certificates are due at j
the Registrar's Office today for all
new students.
Failure to file certificates by 4:30
will result in a fine of $2.00. If not
filed by Monday, May 2. registration
in the University will be subject to
cancellation by the Committee on !
Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at j
the Registrar's Office today for all
new students.
Failure to file certificates by 4:30
will result in a fine of $2.00. If not
filed by Monday, May 2. registration
in the University will be subject to
cancellation by the Committee on !
Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at j
the Registrar's Office today for all
new students.
Failure to file certificates by 4:30
will result in a fine of $2.00. If not
filed by Monday, May 2. registration
in the University will be subject to
cancellation by the Committee on !
Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at j
the Registrar's Office today for all
new students.
Failure to file certificates by 4:30
will result in a fine of $2.00. If not
filed by Monday, May 2. registration
in the University will be subject to
cancellation by the Committee on !
Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at j
the Registrar's Office today for all
new students.
Failure to file certificates by 4:30
will result in a fine of $2.00. If not
filed by Monday, May 2. registration
in the University will be subject to
cancellation by the Committee on !
Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at j
the Registrar's Office today for all
new students.
Failure to file certificates by 4:30
will result in a fine of $2.00. If not
filed by Monday, May 2. registration
in the University will be subject to
cancellation by the Committee on !
Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at j
the Registrar's Office today for all
new students.
Failure to file certificates by 4:30
will result in a fine of $2.00. If not
filed by Monday, May 2. registration
in the University will be subject to
cancellation by the Committee on !
Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at j
the Registrar's Office today for all
new students.
Failure to file certificates by 4:30
will result in a fine of $2.00. If not
filed by Monday, May 2. registration
in the University will be subject to
cancellation by the Committee on !
Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at j
the Registrar's Office today for all
new students.
Failure to file certificates by 4:30
will result in a fine of $2.00. If not
filed by Monday, May 2. registration
in the University will be subject to
cancellation by the Committee on !
Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at j
the Registrar's Office today for all
new students.
Failure to file certificates by 4:30
will result in a fine of $2.00. If not
filed by Monday, May 2. registration
in the University will be subject to
cancellation by the Committee on !
Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at j
the Registrar's Office today for all
new students.
Failure to file certificates by 4:30
will result in a fine of $2.00. If not
filed by Monday, May 2. registration
in the University will be subject to
cancellation by the Committee on !
Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at j
the Registrar's Office today for all
new students.
Failure to file certificates by 4:30
will result in a fine of $2.00. If not
filed by Monday, May 2. registration
in the University will be subject to
cancellation by the Committee on !
Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at j
the Registrar's Office today for all
new students.
Failure to file certificates by 4:30
will result in a fine of $2.00. If not
filed by Monday, May 2. registration
in the University will be subject to
cancellation by the Committee on !
Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at j
the Registrar's Office today for all
new students.
Failure to file certificates by 4:30
will result in a fine of $2.00. If not
filed by Monday, May 2. registration
in the University will be subject to
cancellation by the Committee on !
Public Health.
