# Formal Reception Honors Sterlings
## 
### 
Formal flower arrangements en
hanced Lagunita Court where Dr.
and Mrs. Wallace A. Sterling
greeted students and special guests
of Lagunita at the court's formal re
ception Friday night.
Guests report that the flower ar
rangements. the exceptionally love
ly decorations and refreshments,
and friendly atmosphere, helped
make the reception one of the out
standing events on the spring quar
ter calendar.
Hostesses greeted every guest per
sonally and either introduced them
directly to Dr. Sterling' or con
ducted them to the receiving line.
Guests also had the opportunity to
meet Dean Kimpton and other- out
standing persons who were stationed
in the various social rooms through
out the evening so that they might
meet and talk with small groups of
persons.
