# Vote on New Constitution Will Be Held Wednesday
## 
### 
Stanford voters will cast their <
ballots this Wednesday on the new j
ASSU Constitution, it was an- *
nounced by John Marin, Election '
Boad chairman. Four voting booths I
will be open from 8:30 to 3:30. Bal
lots will be of the simple yes-no j
type.
Nominations for the regular ,
spring quarter elections will begin
Thursday and continue Friday and
Monday. Nomination boxes will be
placed at History and Engineering
corners where nomination blanks
and mimeographed sheets explain- j
ing the rules of campaign expenses I
may be obtained. Students are I
asked to take out only one petition
per candidate.
It is requested by the administra
tion and the election board chair- j
man that all campaign signs and I
posters be kept off all University
property including classroom black
boards. Posters found in these j
places will be torn down.
Qualifications for the student j
body offices will be announced in !
tomorrow's Daily, stated Charles j
Wichman, ballot chairman.
