# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Delta Chi announces the engage
ment of Ned Tibby, a junior major
ing in journalism, to Jane Proxell
ot San Jose.
Delta Chi announces the engage
ment of Ned Tibby, a junior major
ing in journalism, to Jane Proxell
ot San Jose.
Delta Chi announces the engage
ment of Ned Tibby, a junior major
ing in journalism, to Jane Proxell
ot San Jose.
Delta Chi announces the engage
ment of Ned Tibby, a junior major
ing in journalism, to Jane Proxell
ot San Jose.
Delta Chi announces the engage
ment of Ned Tibby, a junior major
ing in journalism, to Jane Proxell
ot San Jose.
Delta Chi announces the engage
ment of Ned Tibby, a junior major
ing in journalism, to Jane Proxell
ot San Jose.
Delta Chi announces the engage
ment of Ned Tibby, a junior major
ing in journalism, to Jane Proxell
ot San Jose.
Delta Chi announces the engage
ment of Ned Tibby, a junior major
ing in journalism, to Jane Proxell
ot San Jose.
Delta Chi announces the engage
ment of Ned Tibby, a junior major
ing in journalism, to Jane Proxell
ot San Jose.
Delta Chi announces the engage
ment of Ned Tibby, a junior major
ing in journalism, to Jane Proxell
ot San Jose.
Delta Chi announces the engage
ment of Ned Tibby, a junior major
ing in journalism, to Jane Proxell
ot San Jose.
Delta Chi announces the engage
ment of Ned Tibby, a junior major
ing in journalism, to Jane Proxell
ot San Jose.
Delta Chi announces the engage
ment of Ned Tibby, a junior major
ing in journalism, to Jane Proxell
ot San Jose.
Delta Chi announces the engage
ment of Ned Tibby, a junior major
ing in journalism, to Jane Proxell
ot San Jose.
