# Adv. 28 Page 4
## 
### 
The Turkish government has for
bidden display of faulty films. The
same decree forbids the showing of
films aiming at religious propagan
da, derogatory to military honor and
prestige.
The Turkish government has for
bidden display of faulty films. The
same decree forbids the showing of
films aiming at religious propagan
da, derogatory to military honor and
prestige.
The Turkish government has for
bidden display of faulty films. The
same decree forbids the showing of
films aiming at religious propagan
da, derogatory to military honor and
prestige.
The Turkish government has for
bidden display of faulty films. The
same decree forbids the showing of
films aiming at religious propagan
da, derogatory to military honor and
prestige.
The Turkish government has for
bidden display of faulty films. The
same decree forbids the showing of
films aiming at religious propagan
da, derogatory to military honor and
prestige.
The Turkish government has for
bidden display of faulty films. The
same decree forbids the showing of
films aiming at religious propagan
da, derogatory to military honor and
prestige.
The Turkish government has for
bidden display of faulty films. The
same decree forbids the showing of
films aiming at religious propagan
da, derogatory to military honor and
prestige.
The Turkish government has for
bidden display of faulty films. The
same decree forbids the showing of
films aiming at religious propagan
da, derogatory to military honor and
prestige.
The Turkish government has for
bidden display of faulty films. The
same decree forbids the showing of
films aiming at religious propagan
da, derogatory to military honor and
prestige.
The Turkish government has for
bidden display of faulty films. The
same decree forbids the showing of
films aiming at religious propagan
da, derogatory to military honor and
prestige.
The Turkish government has for
bidden display of faulty films. The
same decree forbids the showing of
films aiming at religious propagan
da, derogatory to military honor and
prestige.
The Turkish government has for
bidden display of faulty films. The
same decree forbids the showing of
films aiming at religious propagan
da, derogatory to military honor and
prestige.
The Turkish government has for
bidden display of faulty films. The
same decree forbids the showing of
films aiming at religious propagan
da, derogatory to military honor and
prestige.
The Turkish government has for
bidden display of faulty films. The
same decree forbids the showing of
films aiming at religious propagan
da, derogatory to military honor and
prestige.
The Turkish government has for
bidden display of faulty films. The
same decree forbids the showing of
films aiming at religious propagan
da, derogatory to military honor and
prestige.
The Turkish government has for
bidden display of faulty films. The
same decree forbids the showing of
films aiming at religious propagan
da, derogatory to military honor and
prestige.
