# Adv. 29 Page 4
## 
### 
Dr. Frank Evans of Fayettevilh
N.C., said his family kept a dial;
for more than 50 years, recordlni
the information that it neve
rained on October lli during tha
period.
Dr. Frank Evans of Fayettevilh
N.C., said his family kept a dial;
for more than 50 years, recordlni
the information that it neve
rained on October lli during tha
period.
Dr. Frank Evans of Fayettevilh
N.C., said his family kept a dial;
for more than 50 years, recordlni
the information that it neve
rained on October lli during tha
period.
Dr. Frank Evans of Fayettevilh
N.C., said his family kept a dial;
for more than 50 years, recordlni
the information that it neve
rained on October lli during tha
period.
Dr. Frank Evans of Fayettevilh
N.C., said his family kept a dial;
for more than 50 years, recordlni
the information that it neve
rained on October lli during tha
period.
Dr. Frank Evans of Fayettevilh
N.C., said his family kept a dial;
for more than 50 years, recordlni
the information that it neve
rained on October lli during tha
period.
Dr. Frank Evans of Fayettevilh
N.C., said his family kept a dial;
for more than 50 years, recordlni
the information that it neve
rained on October lli during tha
period.
Dr. Frank Evans of Fayettevilh
N.C., said his family kept a dial;
for more than 50 years, recordlni
the information that it neve
rained on October lli during tha
period.
Dr. Frank Evans of Fayettevilh
N.C., said his family kept a dial;
for more than 50 years, recordlni
the information that it neve
rained on October lli during tha
period.
Dr. Frank Evans of Fayettevilh
N.C., said his family kept a dial;
for more than 50 years, recordlni
the information that it neve
rained on October lli during tha
period.
Dr. Frank Evans of Fayettevilh
N.C., said his family kept a dial;
for more than 50 years, recordlni
the information that it neve
rained on October lli during tha
period.
Dr. Frank Evans of Fayettevilh
N.C., said his family kept a dial;
for more than 50 years, recordlni
the information that it neve
rained on October lli during tha
period.
Dr. Frank Evans of Fayettevilh
N.C., said his family kept a dial;
for more than 50 years, recordlni
the information that it neve
rained on October lli during tha
period.
Dr. Frank Evans of Fayettevilh
N.C., said his family kept a dial;
for more than 50 years, recordlni
the information that it neve
rained on October lli during tha
period.
Dr. Frank Evans of Fayettevilh
N.C., said his family kept a dial;
for more than 50 years, recordlni
the information that it neve
rained on October lli during tha
period.
Dr. Frank Evans of Fayettevilh
N.C., said his family kept a dial;
for more than 50 years, recordlni
the information that it neve
rained on October lli during tha
period.
