# Rumors Of Vast Income Denied At Washington U.
## 
### 
SEATTLE, Oct. 30 (/P).—ln reply
to propaganda that the University of
Washington had bulging golden cof
fers, President Lyle Spencer revealed
the actual facts in regard to the
financing of the state university.
Washington gets only $20,090 a year
income from its extensive land hold
ings. The income from business
property of the university must be
expended for building improvements.
Student fees supply $350,000 for the
$1,700,000 budget.
SEATTLE, Oct. 30 (/P).—ln reply
to propaganda that the University of
Washington had bulging golden cof
fers, President Lyle Spencer revealed
the actual facts in regard to the
financing of the state university.
Washington gets only $20,090 a year
income from its extensive land hold
ings. The income from business
property of the university must be
expended for building improvements.
Student fees supply $350,000 for the
$1,700,000 budget.
SEATTLE, Oct. 30 (/P).—ln reply
to propaganda that the University of
Washington had bulging golden cof
fers, President Lyle Spencer revealed
the actual facts in regard to the
financing of the state university.
Washington gets only $20,090 a year
income from its extensive land hold
ings. The income from business
property of the university must be
expended for building improvements.
Student fees supply $350,000 for the
$1,700,000 budget.
SEATTLE, Oct. 30 (/P).—ln reply
to propaganda that the University of
Washington had bulging golden cof
fers, President Lyle Spencer revealed
the actual facts in regard to the
financing of the state university.
Washington gets only $20,090 a year
income from its extensive land hold
ings. The income from business
property of the university must be
expended for building improvements.
Student fees supply $350,000 for the
$1,700,000 budget.
SEATTLE, Oct. 30 (/P).—ln reply
to propaganda that the University of
Washington had bulging golden cof
fers, President Lyle Spencer revealed
the actual facts in regard to the
financing of the state university.
Washington gets only $20,090 a year
income from its extensive land hold
ings. The income from business
property of the university must be
expended for building improvements.
Student fees supply $350,000 for the
$1,700,000 budget.
SEATTLE, Oct. 30 (/P).—ln reply
to propaganda that the University of
Washington had bulging golden cof
fers, President Lyle Spencer revealed
the actual facts in regard to the
financing of the state university.
Washington gets only $20,090 a year
income from its extensive land hold
ings. The income from business
property of the university must be
expended for building improvements.
Student fees supply $350,000 for the
$1,700,000 budget.
SEATTLE, Oct. 30 (/P).—ln reply
to propaganda that the University of
Washington had bulging golden cof
fers, President Lyle Spencer revealed
the actual facts in regard to the
financing of the state university.
Washington gets only $20,090 a year
income from its extensive land hold
ings. The income from business
property of the university must be
expended for building improvements.
Student fees supply $350,000 for the
$1,700,000 budget.
SEATTLE, Oct. 30 (/P).—ln reply
to propaganda that the University of
Washington had bulging golden cof
fers, President Lyle Spencer revealed
the actual facts in regard to the
financing of the state university.
Washington gets only $20,090 a year
income from its extensive land hold
ings. The income from business
property of the university must be
expended for building improvements.
Student fees supply $350,000 for the
$1,700,000 budget.
SEATTLE, Oct. 30 (/P).—ln reply
to propaganda that the University of
Washington had bulging golden cof
fers, President Lyle Spencer revealed
the actual facts in regard to the
financing of the state university.
Washington gets only $20,090 a year
income from its extensive land hold
ings. The income from business
property of the university must be
expended for building improvements.
Student fees supply $350,000 for the
$1,700,000 budget.
SEATTLE, Oct. 30 (/P).—ln reply
to propaganda that the University of
Washington had bulging golden cof
fers, President Lyle Spencer revealed
the actual facts in regard to the
financing of the state university.
Washington gets only $20,090 a year
income from its extensive land hold
ings. The income from business
property of the university must be
expended for building improvements.
Student fees supply $350,000 for the
$1,700,000 budget.
SEATTLE, Oct. 30 (/P).—ln reply
to propaganda that the University of
Washington had bulging golden cof
fers, President Lyle Spencer revealed
the actual facts in regard to the
financing of the state university.
Washington gets only $20,090 a year
income from its extensive land hold
ings. The income from business
property of the university must be
expended for building improvements.
Student fees supply $350,000 for the
$1,700,000 budget.
SEATTLE, Oct. 30 (/P).—ln reply
to propaganda that the University of
Washington had bulging golden cof
fers, President Lyle Spencer revealed
the actual facts in regard to the
financing of the state university.
Washington gets only $20,090 a year
income from its extensive land hold
ings. The income from business
property of the university must be
expended for building improvements.
Student fees supply $350,000 for the
$1,700,000 budget.
SEATTLE, Oct. 30 (/P).—ln reply
to propaganda that the University of
Washington had bulging golden cof
fers, President Lyle Spencer revealed
the actual facts in regard to the
financing of the state university.
Washington gets only $20,090 a year
income from its extensive land hold
ings. The income from business
property of the university must be
expended for building improvements.
Student fees supply $350,000 for the
$1,700,000 budget.
SEATTLE, Oct. 30 (/P).—ln reply
to propaganda that the University of
Washington had bulging golden cof
fers, President Lyle Spencer revealed
the actual facts in regard to the
financing of the state university.
Washington gets only $20,090 a year
income from its extensive land hold
ings. The income from business
property of the university must be
expended for building improvements.
Student fees supply $350,000 for the
$1,700,000 budget.
SEATTLE, Oct. 30 (/P).—ln reply
to propaganda that the University of
Washington had bulging golden cof
fers, President Lyle Spencer revealed
the actual facts in regard to the
financing of the state university.
Washington gets only $20,090 a year
income from its extensive land hold
ings. The income from business
property of the university must be
expended for building improvements.
Student fees supply $350,000 for the
$1,700,000 budget.
SEATTLE, Oct. 30 (/P).—ln reply
to propaganda that the University of
Washington had bulging golden cof
fers, President Lyle Spencer revealed
the actual facts in regard to the
financing of the state university.
Washington gets only $20,090 a year
income from its extensive land hold
ings. The income from business
property of the university must be
expended for building improvements.
Student fees supply $350,000 for the
$1,700,000 budget.
