# EPISCOPAL DANCE
## 
### 
Following the idea of the. barn
dance, the Stanfoi'd Episcopal Club
held a Hallowe'en Hop Saturday
night at the Parish House in Palo
Alto. A large group of members and
their guests were present. Refresh
ments were served.
Following the idea of the. barn
dance, the Stanfoi'd Episcopal Club
held a Hallowe'en Hop Saturday
night at the Parish House in Palo
Alto. A large group of members and
their guests were present. Refresh
ments were served.
Following the idea of the. barn
dance, the Stanfoi'd Episcopal Club
held a Hallowe'en Hop Saturday
night at the Parish House in Palo
Alto. A large group of members and
their guests were present. Refresh
ments were served.
Following the idea of the. barn
dance, the Stanfoi'd Episcopal Club
held a Hallowe'en Hop Saturday
night at the Parish House in Palo
Alto. A large group of members and
their guests were present. Refresh
ments were served.
Following the idea of the. barn
dance, the Stanfoi'd Episcopal Club
held a Hallowe'en Hop Saturday
night at the Parish House in Palo
Alto. A large group of members and
their guests were present. Refresh
ments were served.
Following the idea of the. barn
dance, the Stanfoi'd Episcopal Club
held a Hallowe'en Hop Saturday
night at the Parish House in Palo
Alto. A large group of members and
their guests were present. Refresh
ments were served.
Following the idea of the. barn
dance, the Stanfoi'd Episcopal Club
held a Hallowe'en Hop Saturday
night at the Parish House in Palo
Alto. A large group of members and
their guests were present. Refresh
ments were served.
Following the idea of the. barn
dance, the Stanfoi'd Episcopal Club
held a Hallowe'en Hop Saturday
night at the Parish House in Palo
Alto. A large group of members and
their guests were present. Refresh
ments were served.
Following the idea of the. barn
dance, the Stanfoi'd Episcopal Club
held a Hallowe'en Hop Saturday
night at the Parish House in Palo
Alto. A large group of members and
their guests were present. Refresh
ments were served.
Following the idea of the. barn
dance, the Stanfoi'd Episcopal Club
held a Hallowe'en Hop Saturday
night at the Parish House in Palo
Alto. A large group of members and
their guests were present. Refresh
ments were served.
Following the idea of the. barn
dance, the Stanfoi'd Episcopal Club
held a Hallowe'en Hop Saturday
night at the Parish House in Palo
Alto. A large group of members and
their guests were present. Refresh
ments were served.
Following the idea of the. barn
dance, the Stanfoi'd Episcopal Club
held a Hallowe'en Hop Saturday
night at the Parish House in Palo
Alto. A large group of members and
their guests were present. Refresh
ments were served.
Following the idea of the. barn
dance, the Stanfoi'd Episcopal Club
held a Hallowe'en Hop Saturday
night at the Parish House in Palo
Alto. A large group of members and
their guests were present. Refresh
ments were served.
Following the idea of the. barn
dance, the Stanfoi'd Episcopal Club
held a Hallowe'en Hop Saturday
night at the Parish House in Palo
Alto. A large group of members and
their guests were present. Refresh
ments were served.
Following the idea of the. barn
dance, the Stanfoi'd Episcopal Club
held a Hallowe'en Hop Saturday
night at the Parish House in Palo
Alto. A large group of members and
their guests were present. Refresh
ments were served.
Following the idea of the. barn
dance, the Stanfoi'd Episcopal Club
held a Hallowe'en Hop Saturday
night at the Parish House in Palo
Alto. A large group of members and
their guests were present. Refresh
ments were served.
