# CAMPUS OPINION
## 
### 
<$— ■$>
To the Freshman Team:
Congratulations, Frosh! Your stir
ring victory over the Trobabes was
a revelation to watch, really glad
dening to the hearts of the old
timers here on the Farm.
Particularly brilliant was your
blocking, your tackling, your pass
protection, and your ever-present
interference for the man with the
ball, be it the safety man or one of
the regular ball-carriers. That's the
kind of stuff that wins ball games,
frosh, even in this day of higher
mathematics and complex razzle
dazzle equations. Stick tc the old
fundamentals as you go through the
old alma mater; don't let anyone
change your ideas about that.
Then, as you grow up into varsity
competitors, Stanford supporters can
sit back confident that in your pri
mary appreciation of the time-hon
ored fundamentals of simple, ordi
nary, sand-lot, football, the razzle
dazzles you attempt will work.
Sincerely, Wadieh S. Shibley, '31.
<$— ■$>
To the Freshman Team:
Congratulations, Frosh! Your stir
ring victory over the Trobabes was
a revelation to watch, really glad
dening to the hearts of the old
timers here on the Farm.
Particularly brilliant was your
blocking, your tackling, your pass
protection, and your ever-present
interference for the man with the
ball, be it the safety man or one of
the regular ball-carriers. That's the
kind of stuff that wins ball games,
frosh, even in this day of higher
mathematics and complex razzle
dazzle equations. Stick tc the old
fundamentals as you go through the
old alma mater; don't let anyone
change your ideas about that.
Then, as you grow up into varsity
competitors, Stanford supporters can
sit back confident that in your pri
mary appreciation of the time-hon
ored fundamentals of simple, ordi
nary, sand-lot, football, the razzle
dazzles you attempt will work.
Sincerely, Wadieh S. Shibley, '31.
<$— ■$>
To the Freshman Team:
Congratulations, Frosh! Your stir
ring victory over the Trobabes was
a revelation to watch, really glad
dening to the hearts of the old
timers here on the Farm.
Particularly brilliant was your
blocking, your tackling, your pass
protection, and your ever-present
interference for the man with the
ball, be it the safety man or one of
the regular ball-carriers. That's the
kind of stuff that wins ball games,
frosh, even in this day of higher
mathematics and complex razzle
dazzle equations. Stick tc the old
fundamentals as you go through the
old alma mater; don't let anyone
change your ideas about that.
Then, as you grow up into varsity
competitors, Stanford supporters can
sit back confident that in your pri
mary appreciation of the time-hon
ored fundamentals of simple, ordi
nary, sand-lot, football, the razzle
dazzles you attempt will work.
Sincerely, Wadieh S. Shibley, '31.
<$— ■$>
To the Freshman Team:
Congratulations, Frosh! Your stir
ring victory over the Trobabes was
a revelation to watch, really glad
dening to the hearts of the old
timers here on the Farm.
Particularly brilliant was your
blocking, your tackling, your pass
protection, and your ever-present
interference for the man with the
ball, be it the safety man or one of
the regular ball-carriers. That's the
kind of stuff that wins ball games,
frosh, even in this day of higher
mathematics and complex razzle
dazzle equations. Stick tc the old
fundamentals as you go through the
old alma mater; don't let anyone
change your ideas about that.
Then, as you grow up into varsity
competitors, Stanford supporters can
sit back confident that in your pri
mary appreciation of the time-hon
ored fundamentals of simple, ordi
nary, sand-lot, football, the razzle
dazzles you attempt will work.
Sincerely, Wadieh S. Shibley, '31.
<$— ■$>
To the Freshman Team:
Congratulations, Frosh! Your stir
ring victory over the Trobabes was
a revelation to watch, really glad
dening to the hearts of the old
timers here on the Farm.
Particularly brilliant was your
blocking, your tackling, your pass
protection, and your ever-present
interference for the man with the
ball, be it the safety man or one of
the regular ball-carriers. That's the
kind of stuff that wins ball games,
frosh, even in this day of higher
mathematics and complex razzle
dazzle equations. Stick tc the old
fundamentals as you go through the
old alma mater; don't let anyone
change your ideas about that.
Then, as you grow up into varsity
competitors, Stanford supporters can
sit back confident that in your pri
mary appreciation of the time-hon
ored fundamentals of simple, ordi
nary, sand-lot, football, the razzle
dazzles you attempt will work.
Sincerely, Wadieh S. Shibley, '31.
<$— ■$>
To the Freshman Team:
Congratulations, Frosh! Your stir
ring victory over the Trobabes was
a revelation to watch, really glad
dening to the hearts of the old
timers here on the Farm.
Particularly brilliant was your
blocking, your tackling, your pass
protection, and your ever-present
interference for the man with the
ball, be it the safety man or one of
the regular ball-carriers. That's the
kind of stuff that wins ball games,
frosh, even in this day of higher
mathematics and complex razzle
dazzle equations. Stick tc the old
fundamentals as you go through the
old alma mater; don't let anyone
change your ideas about that.
Then, as you grow up into varsity
competitors, Stanford supporters can
sit back confident that in your pri
mary appreciation of the time-hon
ored fundamentals of simple, ordi
nary, sand-lot, football, the razzle
dazzles you attempt will work.
Sincerely, Wadieh S. Shibley, '31.
<$— ■$>
To the Freshman Team:
Congratulations, Frosh! Your stir
ring victory over the Trobabes was
a revelation to watch, really glad
dening to the hearts of the old
timers here on the Farm.
Particularly brilliant was your
blocking, your tackling, your pass
protection, and your ever-present
interference for the man with the
ball, be it the safety man or one of
the regular ball-carriers. That's the
kind of stuff that wins ball games,
frosh, even in this day of higher
mathematics and complex razzle
dazzle equations. Stick tc the old
fundamentals as you go through the
old alma mater; don't let anyone
change your ideas about that.
Then, as you grow up into varsity
competitors, Stanford supporters can
sit back confident that in your pri
mary appreciation of the time-hon
ored fundamentals of simple, ordi
nary, sand-lot, football, the razzle
dazzles you attempt will work.
Sincerely, Wadieh S. Shibley, '31.
<$— ■$>
To the Freshman Team:
Congratulations, Frosh! Your stir
ring victory over the Trobabes was
a revelation to watch, really glad
dening to the hearts of the old
timers here on the Farm.
Particularly brilliant was your
blocking, your tackling, your pass
protection, and your ever-present
interference for the man with the
ball, be it the safety man or one of
the regular ball-carriers. That's the
kind of stuff that wins ball games,
frosh, even in this day of higher
mathematics and complex razzle
dazzle equations. Stick tc the old
fundamentals as you go through the
old alma mater; don't let anyone
change your ideas about that.
Then, as you grow up into varsity
competitors, Stanford supporters can
sit back confident that in your pri
mary appreciation of the time-hon
ored fundamentals of simple, ordi
nary, sand-lot, football, the razzle
dazzles you attempt will work.
Sincerely, Wadieh S. Shibley, '31.
<$— ■$>
To the Freshman Team:
Congratulations, Frosh! Your stir
ring victory over the Trobabes was
a revelation to watch, really glad
dening to the hearts of the old
timers here on the Farm.
Particularly brilliant was your
blocking, your tackling, your pass
protection, and your ever-present
interference for the man with the
ball, be it the safety man or one of
the regular ball-carriers. That's the
kind of stuff that wins ball games,
frosh, even in this day of higher
mathematics and complex razzle
dazzle equations. Stick tc the old
fundamentals as you go through the
old alma mater; don't let anyone
change your ideas about that.
Then, as you grow up into varsity
competitors, Stanford supporters can
sit back confident that in your pri
mary appreciation of the time-hon
ored fundamentals of simple, ordi
nary, sand-lot, football, the razzle
dazzles you attempt will work.
Sincerely, Wadieh S. Shibley, '31.
<$— ■$>
To the Freshman Team:
Congratulations, Frosh! Your stir
ring victory over the Trobabes was
a revelation to watch, really glad
dening to the hearts of the old
timers here on the Farm.
Particularly brilliant was your
blocking, your tackling, your pass
protection, and your ever-present
interference for the man with the
ball, be it the safety man or one of
the regular ball-carriers. That's the
kind of stuff that wins ball games,
frosh, even in this day of higher
mathematics and complex razzle
dazzle equations. Stick tc the old
fundamentals as you go through the
old alma mater; don't let anyone
change your ideas about that.
Then, as you grow up into varsity
competitors, Stanford supporters can
sit back confident that in your pri
mary appreciation of the time-hon
ored fundamentals of simple, ordi
nary, sand-lot, football, the razzle
dazzles you attempt will work.
Sincerely, Wadieh S. Shibley, '31.
<$— ■$>
To the Freshman Team:
Congratulations, Frosh! Your stir
ring victory over the Trobabes was
a revelation to watch, really glad
dening to the hearts of the old
timers here on the Farm.
Particularly brilliant was your
blocking, your tackling, your pass
protection, and your ever-present
interference for the man with the
ball, be it the safety man or one of
the regular ball-carriers. That's the
kind of stuff that wins ball games,
frosh, even in this day of higher
mathematics and complex razzle
dazzle equations. Stick tc the old
fundamentals as you go through the
old alma mater; don't let anyone
change your ideas about that.
Then, as you grow up into varsity
competitors, Stanford supporters can
sit back confident that in your pri
mary appreciation of the time-hon
ored fundamentals of simple, ordi
nary, sand-lot, football, the razzle
dazzles you attempt will work.
Sincerely, Wadieh S. Shibley, '31.
<$— ■$>
To the Freshman Team:
Congratulations, Frosh! Your stir
ring victory over the Trobabes was
a revelation to watch, really glad
dening to the hearts of the old
timers here on the Farm.
Particularly brilliant was your
blocking, your tackling, your pass
protection, and your ever-present
interference for the man with the
ball, be it the safety man or one of
the regular ball-carriers. That's the
kind of stuff that wins ball games,
frosh, even in this day of higher
mathematics and complex razzle
dazzle equations. Stick tc the old
fundamentals as you go through the
old alma mater; don't let anyone
change your ideas about that.
Then, as you grow up into varsity
competitors, Stanford supporters can
sit back confident that in your pri
mary appreciation of the time-hon
ored fundamentals of simple, ordi
nary, sand-lot, football, the razzle
dazzles you attempt will work.
Sincerely, Wadieh S. Shibley, '31.
<$— ■$>
To the Freshman Team:
Congratulations, Frosh! Your stir
ring victory over the Trobabes was
a revelation to watch, really glad
dening to the hearts of the old
timers here on the Farm.
Particularly brilliant was your
blocking, your tackling, your pass
protection, and your ever-present
interference for the man with the
ball, be it the safety man or one of
the regular ball-carriers. That's the
kind of stuff that wins ball games,
frosh, even in this day of higher
mathematics and complex razzle
dazzle equations. Stick tc the old
fundamentals as you go through the
old alma mater; don't let anyone
change your ideas about that.
Then, as you grow up into varsity
competitors, Stanford supporters can
sit back confident that in your pri
mary appreciation of the time-hon
ored fundamentals of simple, ordi
nary, sand-lot, football, the razzle
dazzles you attempt will work.
Sincerely, Wadieh S. Shibley, '31.
<$— ■$>
To the Freshman Team:
Congratulations, Frosh! Your stir
ring victory over the Trobabes was
a revelation to watch, really glad
dening to the hearts of the old
timers here on the Farm.
Particularly brilliant was your
blocking, your tackling, your pass
protection, and your ever-present
interference for the man with the
ball, be it the safety man or one of
the regular ball-carriers. That's the
kind of stuff that wins ball games,
frosh, even in this day of higher
mathematics and complex razzle
dazzle equations. Stick tc the old
fundamentals as you go through the
old alma mater; don't let anyone
change your ideas about that.
Then, as you grow up into varsity
competitors, Stanford supporters can
sit back confident that in your pri
mary appreciation of the time-hon
ored fundamentals of simple, ordi
nary, sand-lot, football, the razzle
dazzles you attempt will work.
Sincerely, Wadieh S. Shibley, '31.
<$— ■$>
To the Freshman Team:
Congratulations, Frosh! Your stir
ring victory over the Trobabes was
a revelation to watch, really glad
dening to the hearts of the old
timers here on the Farm.
Particularly brilliant was your
blocking, your tackling, your pass
protection, and your ever-present
interference for the man with the
ball, be it the safety man or one of
the regular ball-carriers. That's the
kind of stuff that wins ball games,
frosh, even in this day of higher
mathematics and complex razzle
dazzle equations. Stick tc the old
fundamentals as you go through the
old alma mater; don't let anyone
change your ideas about that.
Then, as you grow up into varsity
competitors, Stanford supporters can
sit back confident that in your pri
mary appreciation of the time-hon
ored fundamentals of simple, ordi
nary, sand-lot, football, the razzle
dazzles you attempt will work.
Sincerely, Wadieh S. Shibley, '31.
<$— ■$>
To the Freshman Team:
Congratulations, Frosh! Your stir
ring victory over the Trobabes was
a revelation to watch, really glad
dening to the hearts of the old
timers here on the Farm.
Particularly brilliant was your
blocking, your tackling, your pass
protection, and your ever-present
interference for the man with the
ball, be it the safety man or one of
the regular ball-carriers. That's the
kind of stuff that wins ball games,
frosh, even in this day of higher
mathematics and complex razzle
dazzle equations. Stick tc the old
fundamentals as you go through the
old alma mater; don't let anyone
change your ideas about that.
Then, as you grow up into varsity
competitors, Stanford supporters can
sit back confident that in your pri
mary appreciation of the time-hon
ored fundamentals of simple, ordi
nary, sand-lot, football, the razzle
dazzles you attempt will work.
Sincerely, Wadieh S. Shibley, '31.
