# ALABAMA GIRL ON BROADWAY
## 
### 

Nelda Kincaid, Birmingham, Ala., beauty, is brightening the New
York theater this season. She's appearing in the Vanities on Broad
way. (Associated Press Photo)

Nelda Kincaid, Birmingham, Ala., beauty, is brightening the New
York theater this season. She's appearing in the Vanities on Broad
way. (Associated Press Photo)

Nelda Kincaid, Birmingham, Ala., beauty, is brightening the New
York theater this season. She's appearing in the Vanities on Broad
way. (Associated Press Photo)

Nelda Kincaid, Birmingham, Ala., beauty, is brightening the New
York theater this season. She's appearing in the Vanities on Broad
way. (Associated Press Photo)

Nelda Kincaid, Birmingham, Ala., beauty, is brightening the New
York theater this season. She's appearing in the Vanities on Broad
way. (Associated Press Photo)

Nelda Kincaid, Birmingham, Ala., beauty, is brightening the New
York theater this season. She's appearing in the Vanities on Broad
way. (Associated Press Photo)

Nelda Kincaid, Birmingham, Ala., beauty, is brightening the New
York theater this season. She's appearing in the Vanities on Broad
way. (Associated Press Photo)

Nelda Kincaid, Birmingham, Ala., beauty, is brightening the New
York theater this season. She's appearing in the Vanities on Broad
way. (Associated Press Photo)

Nelda Kincaid, Birmingham, Ala., beauty, is brightening the New
York theater this season. She's appearing in the Vanities on Broad
way. (Associated Press Photo)

Nelda Kincaid, Birmingham, Ala., beauty, is brightening the New
York theater this season. She's appearing in the Vanities on Broad
way. (Associated Press Photo)

Nelda Kincaid, Birmingham, Ala., beauty, is brightening the New
York theater this season. She's appearing in the Vanities on Broad
way. (Associated Press Photo)

Nelda Kincaid, Birmingham, Ala., beauty, is brightening the New
York theater this season. She's appearing in the Vanities on Broad
way. (Associated Press Photo)

Nelda Kincaid, Birmingham, Ala., beauty, is brightening the New
York theater this season. She's appearing in the Vanities on Broad
way. (Associated Press Photo)

Nelda Kincaid, Birmingham, Ala., beauty, is brightening the New
York theater this season. She's appearing in the Vanities on Broad
way. (Associated Press Photo)

Nelda Kincaid, Birmingham, Ala., beauty, is brightening the New
York theater this season. She's appearing in the Vanities on Broad
way. (Associated Press Photo)

Nelda Kincaid, Birmingham, Ala., beauty, is brightening the New
York theater this season. She's appearing in the Vanities on Broad
way. (Associated Press Photo)
