# More Women Needed For Faculty Swimming Class
## 
### 
Unless the number enrolled in the
faculty womens' swimming class in
creases, the class will be dropped
from the schedule of the Physical
Education Department. All women
interested in swimming practice and
instruction are urged to join the
group immediately.
The class is coached by Mrs. Reiss
of Castilleja School, and meets on
Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday at
10 o'clock.
Unless the number enrolled in the
faculty womens' swimming class in
creases, the class will be dropped
from the schedule of the Physical
Education Department. All women
interested in swimming practice and
instruction are urged to join the
group immediately.
The class is coached by Mrs. Reiss
of Castilleja School, and meets on
Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday at
10 o'clock.
Unless the number enrolled in the
faculty womens' swimming class in
creases, the class will be dropped
from the schedule of the Physical
Education Department. All women
interested in swimming practice and
instruction are urged to join the
group immediately.
The class is coached by Mrs. Reiss
of Castilleja School, and meets on
Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday at
10 o'clock.
Unless the number enrolled in the
faculty womens' swimming class in
creases, the class will be dropped
from the schedule of the Physical
Education Department. All women
interested in swimming practice and
instruction are urged to join the
group immediately.
The class is coached by Mrs. Reiss
of Castilleja School, and meets on
Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday at
10 o'clock.
Unless the number enrolled in the
faculty womens' swimming class in
creases, the class will be dropped
from the schedule of the Physical
Education Department. All women
interested in swimming practice and
instruction are urged to join the
group immediately.
The class is coached by Mrs. Reiss
of Castilleja School, and meets on
Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday at
10 o'clock.
Unless the number enrolled in the
faculty womens' swimming class in
creases, the class will be dropped
from the schedule of the Physical
Education Department. All women
interested in swimming practice and
instruction are urged to join the
group immediately.
The class is coached by Mrs. Reiss
of Castilleja School, and meets on
Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday at
10 o'clock.
Unless the number enrolled in the
faculty womens' swimming class in
creases, the class will be dropped
from the schedule of the Physical
Education Department. All women
interested in swimming practice and
instruction are urged to join the
group immediately.
The class is coached by Mrs. Reiss
of Castilleja School, and meets on
Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday at
10 o'clock.
Unless the number enrolled in the
faculty womens' swimming class in
creases, the class will be dropped
from the schedule of the Physical
Education Department. All women
interested in swimming practice and
instruction are urged to join the
group immediately.
The class is coached by Mrs. Reiss
of Castilleja School, and meets on
Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday at
10 o'clock.
Unless the number enrolled in the
faculty womens' swimming class in
creases, the class will be dropped
from the schedule of the Physical
Education Department. All women
interested in swimming practice and
instruction are urged to join the
group immediately.
The class is coached by Mrs. Reiss
of Castilleja School, and meets on
Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday at
10 o'clock.
Unless the number enrolled in the
faculty womens' swimming class in
creases, the class will be dropped
from the schedule of the Physical
Education Department. All women
interested in swimming practice and
instruction are urged to join the
group immediately.
The class is coached by Mrs. Reiss
of Castilleja School, and meets on
Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday at
10 o'clock.
Unless the number enrolled in the
faculty womens' swimming class in
creases, the class will be dropped
from the schedule of the Physical
Education Department. All women
interested in swimming practice and
instruction are urged to join the
group immediately.
The class is coached by Mrs. Reiss
of Castilleja School, and meets on
Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday at
10 o'clock.
Unless the number enrolled in the
faculty womens' swimming class in
creases, the class will be dropped
from the schedule of the Physical
Education Department. All women
interested in swimming practice and
instruction are urged to join the
group immediately.
The class is coached by Mrs. Reiss
of Castilleja School, and meets on
Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday at
10 o'clock.
Unless the number enrolled in the
faculty womens' swimming class in
creases, the class will be dropped
from the schedule of the Physical
Education Department. All women
interested in swimming practice and
instruction are urged to join the
group immediately.
The class is coached by Mrs. Reiss
of Castilleja School, and meets on
Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday at
10 o'clock.
Unless the number enrolled in the
faculty womens' swimming class in
creases, the class will be dropped
from the schedule of the Physical
Education Department. All women
interested in swimming practice and
instruction are urged to join the
group immediately.
The class is coached by Mrs. Reiss
of Castilleja School, and meets on
Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday at
10 o'clock.
Unless the number enrolled in the
faculty womens' swimming class in
creases, the class will be dropped
from the schedule of the Physical
Education Department. All women
interested in swimming practice and
instruction are urged to join the
group immediately.
The class is coached by Mrs. Reiss
of Castilleja School, and meets on
Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday at
10 o'clock.
Unless the number enrolled in the
faculty womens' swimming class in
creases, the class will be dropped
from the schedule of the Physical
Education Department. All women
interested in swimming practice and
instruction are urged to join the
group immediately.
The class is coached by Mrs. Reiss
of Castilleja School, and meets on
Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday at
10 o'clock.
