# STUDENTS BOMB PROFS
## 
### 
CORDOBA, Argentina, Oct. lG f/P)
—One person was killed and five
were injured today when three
bombs exploded in front of homes
of two medical professors. Authori
ties blamed disgruntled students.
CORDOBA, Argentina, Oct. lG f/P)
—One person was killed and five
were injured today when three
bombs exploded in front of homes
of two medical professors. Authori
ties blamed disgruntled students.
CORDOBA, Argentina, Oct. lG f/P)
—One person was killed and five
were injured today when three
bombs exploded in front of homes
of two medical professors. Authori
ties blamed disgruntled students.
CORDOBA, Argentina, Oct. lG f/P)
—One person was killed and five
were injured today when three
bombs exploded in front of homes
of two medical professors. Authori
ties blamed disgruntled students.
CORDOBA, Argentina, Oct. lG f/P)
—One person was killed and five
were injured today when three
bombs exploded in front of homes
of two medical professors. Authori
ties blamed disgruntled students.
CORDOBA, Argentina, Oct. lG f/P)
—One person was killed and five
were injured today when three
bombs exploded in front of homes
of two medical professors. Authori
ties blamed disgruntled students.
CORDOBA, Argentina, Oct. lG f/P)
—One person was killed and five
were injured today when three
bombs exploded in front of homes
of two medical professors. Authori
ties blamed disgruntled students.
CORDOBA, Argentina, Oct. lG f/P)
—One person was killed and five
were injured today when three
bombs exploded in front of homes
of two medical professors. Authori
ties blamed disgruntled students.
CORDOBA, Argentina, Oct. lG f/P)
—One person was killed and five
were injured today when three
bombs exploded in front of homes
of two medical professors. Authori
ties blamed disgruntled students.
CORDOBA, Argentina, Oct. lG f/P)
—One person was killed and five
were injured today when three
bombs exploded in front of homes
of two medical professors. Authori
ties blamed disgruntled students.
CORDOBA, Argentina, Oct. lG f/P)
—One person was killed and five
were injured today when three
bombs exploded in front of homes
of two medical professors. Authori
ties blamed disgruntled students.
CORDOBA, Argentina, Oct. lG f/P)
—One person was killed and five
were injured today when three
bombs exploded in front of homes
of two medical professors. Authori
ties blamed disgruntled students.
CORDOBA, Argentina, Oct. lG f/P)
—One person was killed and five
were injured today when three
bombs exploded in front of homes
of two medical professors. Authori
ties blamed disgruntled students.
CORDOBA, Argentina, Oct. lG f/P)
—One person was killed and five
were injured today when three
bombs exploded in front of homes
of two medical professors. Authori
ties blamed disgruntled students.
CORDOBA, Argentina, Oct. lG f/P)
—One person was killed and five
were injured today when three
bombs exploded in front of homes
of two medical professors. Authori
ties blamed disgruntled students.
CORDOBA, Argentina, Oct. lG f/P)
—One person was killed and five
were injured today when three
bombs exploded in front of homes
of two medical professors. Authori
ties blamed disgruntled students.
