# Adv. 22 Page 4
## 
### 
Film Time Changed
The starting time for the
Revival Film Series movies
on Th u rsdays has been
changed from 4:15 to 4:30.
The reason for the change is
the renovation of Cubberley
Auditorium, where the series
is held. The film for this
Thursday is “The Last
Laugh,”
Film Time Changed
The starting time for the
Revival Film Series movies
on Th u rsdays has been
changed from 4:15 to 4:30.
The reason for the change is
the renovation of Cubberley
Auditorium, where the series
is held. The film for this
Thursday is “The Last
Laugh,”
Film Time Changed
The starting time for the
Revival Film Series movies
on Th u rsdays has been
changed from 4:15 to 4:30.
The reason for the change is
the renovation of Cubberley
Auditorium, where the series
is held. The film for this
Thursday is “The Last
Laugh,”
Film Time Changed
The starting time for the
Revival Film Series movies
on Th u rsdays has been
changed from 4:15 to 4:30.
The reason for the change is
the renovation of Cubberley
Auditorium, where the series
is held. The film for this
Thursday is “The Last
Laugh,”
Film Time Changed
The starting time for the
Revival Film Series movies
on Th u rsdays has been
changed from 4:15 to 4:30.
The reason for the change is
the renovation of Cubberley
Auditorium, where the series
is held. The film for this
Thursday is “The Last
Laugh,”
Film Time Changed
The starting time for the
Revival Film Series movies
on Th u rsdays has been
changed from 4:15 to 4:30.
The reason for the change is
the renovation of Cubberley
Auditorium, where the series
is held. The film for this
Thursday is “The Last
Laugh,”
Film Time Changed
The starting time for the
Revival Film Series movies
on Th u rsdays has been
changed from 4:15 to 4:30.
The reason for the change is
the renovation of Cubberley
Auditorium, where the series
is held. The film for this
Thursday is “The Last
Laugh,”
Film Time Changed
The starting time for the
Revival Film Series movies
on Th u rsdays has been
changed from 4:15 to 4:30.
The reason for the change is
the renovation of Cubberley
Auditorium, where the series
is held. The film for this
Thursday is “The Last
Laugh,”
Film Time Changed
The starting time for the
Revival Film Series movies
on Th u rsdays has been
changed from 4:15 to 4:30.
The reason for the change is
the renovation of Cubberley
Auditorium, where the series
is held. The film for this
Thursday is “The Last
Laugh,”
Film Time Changed
The starting time for the
Revival Film Series movies
on Th u rsdays has been
changed from 4:15 to 4:30.
The reason for the change is
the renovation of Cubberley
Auditorium, where the series
is held. The film for this
Thursday is “The Last
Laugh,”
Film Time Changed
The starting time for the
Revival Film Series movies
on Th u rsdays has been
changed from 4:15 to 4:30.
The reason for the change is
the renovation of Cubberley
Auditorium, where the series
is held. The film for this
Thursday is “The Last
Laugh,”
Film Time Changed
The starting time for the
Revival Film Series movies
on Th u rsdays has been
changed from 4:15 to 4:30.
The reason for the change is
the renovation of Cubberley
Auditorium, where the series
is held. The film for this
Thursday is “The Last
Laugh,”
Film Time Changed
The starting time for the
Revival Film Series movies
on Th u rsdays has been
changed from 4:15 to 4:30.
The reason for the change is
the renovation of Cubberley
Auditorium, where the series
is held. The film for this
Thursday is “The Last
Laugh,”
Film Time Changed
The starting time for the
Revival Film Series movies
on Th u rsdays has been
changed from 4:15 to 4:30.
The reason for the change is
the renovation of Cubberley
Auditorium, where the series
is held. The film for this
Thursday is “The Last
Laugh,”
Film Time Changed
The starting time for the
Revival Film Series movies
on Th u rsdays has been
changed from 4:15 to 4:30.
The reason for the change is
the renovation of Cubberley
Auditorium, where the series
is held. The film for this
Thursday is “The Last
Laugh,”
Film Time Changed
The starting time for the
Revival Film Series movies
on Th u rsdays has been
changed from 4:15 to 4:30.
The reason for the change is
the renovation of Cubberley
Auditorium, where the series
is held. The film for this
Thursday is “The Last
Laugh,”
