# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
rmt i * S
T t » K t i.
nC'j I***&-
Summer
Bernardo Sandals
are here
$8.95
black, white, saddle, aqua
sunflower, red, bone
orange and pink
b, m 9 I
Phelps
Tercel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE,
rmt i * S
T t » K t i.
nC'j I***&-
Summer
Bernardo Sandals
are here
$8.95
black, white, saddle, aqua
sunflower, red, bone
orange and pink
b, m 9 I
Phelps
Tercel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE,
rmt i * S
T t » K t i.
nC'j I***&-
Summer
Bernardo Sandals
are here
$8.95
black, white, saddle, aqua
sunflower, red, bone
orange and pink
b, m 9 I
Phelps
Tercel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE,
rmt i * S
T t » K t i.
nC'j I***&-
Summer
Bernardo Sandals
are here
$8.95
black, white, saddle, aqua
sunflower, red, bone
orange and pink
b, m 9 I
Phelps
Tercel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE,
rmt i * S
T t » K t i.
nC'j I***&-
Summer
Bernardo Sandals
are here
$8.95
black, white, saddle, aqua
sunflower, red, bone
orange and pink
b, m 9 I
Phelps
Tercel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE,
rmt i * S
T t » K t i.
nC'j I***&-
Summer
Bernardo Sandals
are here
$8.95
black, white, saddle, aqua
sunflower, red, bone
orange and pink
b, m 9 I
Phelps
Tercel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE,
rmt i * S
T t » K t i.
nC'j I***&-
Summer
Bernardo Sandals
are here
$8.95
black, white, saddle, aqua
sunflower, red, bone
orange and pink
b, m 9 I
Phelps
Tercel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE,
rmt i * S
T t » K t i.
nC'j I***&-
Summer
Bernardo Sandals
are here
$8.95
black, white, saddle, aqua
sunflower, red, bone
orange and pink
b, m 9 I
Phelps
Tercel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE,
rmt i * S
T t » K t i.
nC'j I***&-
Summer
Bernardo Sandals
are here
$8.95
black, white, saddle, aqua
sunflower, red, bone
orange and pink
b, m 9 I
Phelps
Tercel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE,
rmt i * S
T t » K t i.
nC'j I***&-
Summer
Bernardo Sandals
are here
$8.95
black, white, saddle, aqua
sunflower, red, bone
orange and pink
b, m 9 I
Phelps
Tercel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE,
rmt i * S
T t » K t i.
nC'j I***&-
Summer
Bernardo Sandals
are here
$8.95
black, white, saddle, aqua
sunflower, red, bone
orange and pink
b, m 9 I
Phelps
Tercel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE,
rmt i * S
T t » K t i.
nC'j I***&-
Summer
Bernardo Sandals
are here
$8.95
black, white, saddle, aqua
sunflower, red, bone
orange and pink
b, m 9 I
Phelps
Tercel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE,
rmt i * S
T t » K t i.
nC'j I***&-
Summer
Bernardo Sandals
are here
$8.95
black, white, saddle, aqua
sunflower, red, bone
orange and pink
b, m 9 I
Phelps
Tercel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE,
rmt i * S
T t » K t i.
nC'j I***&-
Summer
Bernardo Sandals
are here
$8.95
black, white, saddle, aqua
sunflower, red, bone
orange and pink
b, m 9 I
Phelps
Tercel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE,
rmt i * S
T t » K t i.
nC'j I***&-
Summer
Bernardo Sandals
are here
$8.95
black, white, saddle, aqua
sunflower, red, bone
orange and pink
b, m 9 I
Phelps
Tercel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE,
rmt i * S
T t » K t i.
nC'j I***&-
Summer
Bernardo Sandals
are here
$8.95
black, white, saddle, aqua
sunflower, red, bone
orange and pink
b, m 9 I
Phelps
Tercel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE,
