# On Eichmann
## 
### 
The current trial in Israel of
Adolph Eichmann should without
doubt be suspended. Eichmann is,
without doubt, guilty of commut
ing several heinous crimes. How
ever the State of Israel has no
lawful right to try him. At the
time of his crimes Eichmann was
a member of the German armed
forces. Therefore, his proper
court is either the German peo
ples or an international tribunal
of the military victors (as existed
at Nuremburg).
One may emotionally, cry out
that Eichmann’s crimes were
against the Jewish people, but
even so, Israel does not neces
sarily represent the Jewish peo
ple. Further well known absurdi
ties are that Eichmann is being
tried under an ex post facto law
in what amounts to an ex post
facto state. What is presently
being done to Eichmann is bla
tantly stupid. His captors make
great to do about the lawful come
uppance of this Nazi. Instead they
create a farce.

If they wish a legal trial, they
should go about getting one. If
not, they should do what was done
with Lumumba. In the case at
hand, either way can be termed
agreeable: a legal trial or an out
raged lynching. The present situ
ation amounts to either interna
tional anarchy or mob rule. Take
your pick.
MIKE DATISMAN
CAPPY HURST
The current trial in Israel of
Adolph Eichmann should without
doubt be suspended. Eichmann is,
without doubt, guilty of commut
ing several heinous crimes. How
ever the State of Israel has no
lawful right to try him. At the
time of his crimes Eichmann was
a member of the German armed
forces. Therefore, his proper
court is either the German peo
ples or an international tribunal
of the military victors (as existed
at Nuremburg).
One may emotionally, cry out
that Eichmann’s crimes were
against the Jewish people, but
even so, Israel does not neces
sarily represent the Jewish peo
ple. Further well known absurdi
ties are that Eichmann is being
tried under an ex post facto law
in what amounts to an ex post
facto state. What is presently
being done to Eichmann is bla
tantly stupid. His captors make
great to do about the lawful come
uppance of this Nazi. Instead they
create a farce.

If they wish a legal trial, they
should go about getting one. If
not, they should do what was done
with Lumumba. In the case at
hand, either way can be termed
agreeable: a legal trial or an out
raged lynching. The present situ
ation amounts to either interna
tional anarchy or mob rule. Take
your pick.
MIKE DATISMAN
CAPPY HURST
The current trial in Israel of
Adolph Eichmann should without
doubt be suspended. Eichmann is,
without doubt, guilty of commut
ing several heinous crimes. How
ever the State of Israel has no
lawful right to try him. At the
time of his crimes Eichmann was
a member of the German armed
forces. Therefore, his proper
court is either the German peo
ples or an international tribunal
of the military victors (as existed
at Nuremburg).
One may emotionally, cry out
that Eichmann’s crimes were
against the Jewish people, but
even so, Israel does not neces
sarily represent the Jewish peo
ple. Further well known absurdi
ties are that Eichmann is being
tried under an ex post facto law
in what amounts to an ex post
facto state. What is presently
being done to Eichmann is bla
tantly stupid. His captors make
great to do about the lawful come
uppance of this Nazi. Instead they
create a farce.

If they wish a legal trial, they
should go about getting one. If
not, they should do what was done
with Lumumba. In the case at
hand, either way can be termed
agreeable: a legal trial or an out
raged lynching. The present situ
ation amounts to either interna
tional anarchy or mob rule. Take
your pick.
MIKE DATISMAN
CAPPY HURST
The current trial in Israel of
Adolph Eichmann should without
doubt be suspended. Eichmann is,
without doubt, guilty of commut
ing several heinous crimes. How
ever the State of Israel has no
lawful right to try him. At the
time of his crimes Eichmann was
a member of the German armed
forces. Therefore, his proper
court is either the German peo
ples or an international tribunal
of the military victors (as existed
at Nuremburg).
One may emotionally, cry out
that Eichmann’s crimes were
against the Jewish people, but
even so, Israel does not neces
sarily represent the Jewish peo
ple. Further well known absurdi
ties are that Eichmann is being
tried under an ex post facto law
in what amounts to an ex post
facto state. What is presently
being done to Eichmann is bla
tantly stupid. His captors make
great to do about the lawful come
uppance of this Nazi. Instead they
create a farce.

If they wish a legal trial, they
should go about getting one. If
not, they should do what was done
with Lumumba. In the case at
hand, either way can be termed
agreeable: a legal trial or an out
raged lynching. The present situ
ation amounts to either interna
tional anarchy or mob rule. Take
your pick.
MIKE DATISMAN
CAPPY HURST
The current trial in Israel of
Adolph Eichmann should without
doubt be suspended. Eichmann is,
without doubt, guilty of commut
ing several heinous crimes. How
ever the State of Israel has no
lawful right to try him. At the
time of his crimes Eichmann was
a member of the German armed
forces. Therefore, his proper
court is either the German peo
ples or an international tribunal
of the military victors (as existed
at Nuremburg).
One may emotionally, cry out
that Eichmann’s crimes were
against the Jewish people, but
even so, Israel does not neces
sarily represent the Jewish peo
ple. Further well known absurdi
ties are that Eichmann is being
tried under an ex post facto law
in what amounts to an ex post
facto state. What is presently
being done to Eichmann is bla
tantly stupid. His captors make
great to do about the lawful come
uppance of this Nazi. Instead they
create a farce.

If they wish a legal trial, they
should go about getting one. If
not, they should do what was done
with Lumumba. In the case at
hand, either way can be termed
agreeable: a legal trial or an out
raged lynching. The present situ
ation amounts to either interna
tional anarchy or mob rule. Take
your pick.
MIKE DATISMAN
CAPPY HURST
The current trial in Israel of
Adolph Eichmann should without
doubt be suspended. Eichmann is,
without doubt, guilty of commut
ing several heinous crimes. How
ever the State of Israel has no
lawful right to try him. At the
time of his crimes Eichmann was
a member of the German armed
forces. Therefore, his proper
court is either the German peo
ples or an international tribunal
of the military victors (as existed
at Nuremburg).
One may emotionally, cry out
that Eichmann’s crimes were
against the Jewish people, but
even so, Israel does not neces
sarily represent the Jewish peo
ple. Further well known absurdi
ties are that Eichmann is being
tried under an ex post facto law
in what amounts to an ex post
facto state. What is presently
being done to Eichmann is bla
tantly stupid. His captors make
great to do about the lawful come
uppance of this Nazi. Instead they
create a farce.

If they wish a legal trial, they
should go about getting one. If
not, they should do what was done
with Lumumba. In the case at
hand, either way can be termed
agreeable: a legal trial or an out
raged lynching. The present situ
ation amounts to either interna
tional anarchy or mob rule. Take
your pick.
MIKE DATISMAN
CAPPY HURST
The current trial in Israel of
Adolph Eichmann should without
doubt be suspended. Eichmann is,
without doubt, guilty of commut
ing several heinous crimes. How
ever the State of Israel has no
lawful right to try him. At the
time of his crimes Eichmann was
a member of the German armed
forces. Therefore, his proper
court is either the German peo
ples or an international tribunal
of the military victors (as existed
at Nuremburg).
One may emotionally, cry out
that Eichmann’s crimes were
against the Jewish people, but
even so, Israel does not neces
sarily represent the Jewish peo
ple. Further well known absurdi
ties are that Eichmann is being
tried under an ex post facto law
in what amounts to an ex post
facto state. What is presently
being done to Eichmann is bla
tantly stupid. His captors make
great to do about the lawful come
uppance of this Nazi. Instead they
create a farce.

If they wish a legal trial, they
should go about getting one. If
not, they should do what was done
with Lumumba. In the case at
hand, either way can be termed
agreeable: a legal trial or an out
raged lynching. The present situ
ation amounts to either interna
tional anarchy or mob rule. Take
your pick.
MIKE DATISMAN
CAPPY HURST
The current trial in Israel of
Adolph Eichmann should without
doubt be suspended. Eichmann is,
without doubt, guilty of commut
ing several heinous crimes. How
ever the State of Israel has no
lawful right to try him. At the
time of his crimes Eichmann was
a member of the German armed
forces. Therefore, his proper
court is either the German peo
ples or an international tribunal
of the military victors (as existed
at Nuremburg).
One may emotionally, cry out
that Eichmann’s crimes were
against the Jewish people, but
even so, Israel does not neces
sarily represent the Jewish peo
ple. Further well known absurdi
ties are that Eichmann is being
tried under an ex post facto law
in what amounts to an ex post
facto state. What is presently
being done to Eichmann is bla
tantly stupid. His captors make
great to do about the lawful come
uppance of this Nazi. Instead they
create a farce.

If they wish a legal trial, they
should go about getting one. If
not, they should do what was done
with Lumumba. In the case at
hand, either way can be termed
agreeable: a legal trial or an out
raged lynching. The present situ
ation amounts to either interna
tional anarchy or mob rule. Take
your pick.
MIKE DATISMAN
CAPPY HURST
The current trial in Israel of
Adolph Eichmann should without
doubt be suspended. Eichmann is,
without doubt, guilty of commut
ing several heinous crimes. How
ever the State of Israel has no
lawful right to try him. At the
time of his crimes Eichmann was
a member of the German armed
forces. Therefore, his proper
court is either the German peo
ples or an international tribunal
of the military victors (as existed
at Nuremburg).
One may emotionally, cry out
that Eichmann’s crimes were
against the Jewish people, but
even so, Israel does not neces
sarily represent the Jewish peo
ple. Further well known absurdi
ties are that Eichmann is being
tried under an ex post facto law
in what amounts to an ex post
facto state. What is presently
being done to Eichmann is bla
tantly stupid. His captors make
great to do about the lawful come
uppance of this Nazi. Instead they
create a farce.

If they wish a legal trial, they
should go about getting one. If
not, they should do what was done
with Lumumba. In the case at
hand, either way can be termed
agreeable: a legal trial or an out
raged lynching. The present situ
ation amounts to either interna
tional anarchy or mob rule. Take
your pick.
MIKE DATISMAN
CAPPY HURST
The current trial in Israel of
Adolph Eichmann should without
doubt be suspended. Eichmann is,
without doubt, guilty of commut
ing several heinous crimes. How
ever the State of Israel has no
lawful right to try him. At the
time of his crimes Eichmann was
a member of the German armed
forces. Therefore, his proper
court is either the German peo
ples or an international tribunal
of the military victors (as existed
at Nuremburg).
One may emotionally, cry out
that Eichmann’s crimes were
against the Jewish people, but
even so, Israel does not neces
sarily represent the Jewish peo
ple. Further well known absurdi
ties are that Eichmann is being
tried under an ex post facto law
in what amounts to an ex post
facto state. What is presently
being done to Eichmann is bla
tantly stupid. His captors make
great to do about the lawful come
uppance of this Nazi. Instead they
create a farce.

If they wish a legal trial, they
should go about getting one. If
not, they should do what was done
with Lumumba. In the case at
hand, either way can be termed
agreeable: a legal trial or an out
raged lynching. The present situ
ation amounts to either interna
tional anarchy or mob rule. Take
your pick.
MIKE DATISMAN
CAPPY HURST
The current trial in Israel of
Adolph Eichmann should without
doubt be suspended. Eichmann is,
without doubt, guilty of commut
ing several heinous crimes. How
ever the State of Israel has no
lawful right to try him. At the
time of his crimes Eichmann was
a member of the German armed
forces. Therefore, his proper
court is either the German peo
ples or an international tribunal
of the military victors (as existed
at Nuremburg).
One may emotionally, cry out
that Eichmann’s crimes were
against the Jewish people, but
even so, Israel does not neces
sarily represent the Jewish peo
ple. Further well known absurdi
ties are that Eichmann is being
tried under an ex post facto law
in what amounts to an ex post
facto state. What is presently
being done to Eichmann is bla
tantly stupid. His captors make
great to do about the lawful come
uppance of this Nazi. Instead they
create a farce.

If they wish a legal trial, they
should go about getting one. If
not, they should do what was done
with Lumumba. In the case at
hand, either way can be termed
agreeable: a legal trial or an out
raged lynching. The present situ
ation amounts to either interna
tional anarchy or mob rule. Take
your pick.
MIKE DATISMAN
CAPPY HURST
The current trial in Israel of
Adolph Eichmann should without
doubt be suspended. Eichmann is,
without doubt, guilty of commut
ing several heinous crimes. How
ever the State of Israel has no
lawful right to try him. At the
time of his crimes Eichmann was
a member of the German armed
forces. Therefore, his proper
court is either the German peo
ples or an international tribunal
of the military victors (as existed
at Nuremburg).
One may emotionally, cry out
that Eichmann’s crimes were
against the Jewish people, but
even so, Israel does not neces
sarily represent the Jewish peo
ple. Further well known absurdi
ties are that Eichmann is being
tried under an ex post facto law
in what amounts to an ex post
facto state. What is presently
being done to Eichmann is bla
tantly stupid. His captors make
great to do about the lawful come
uppance of this Nazi. Instead they
create a farce.

If they wish a legal trial, they
should go about getting one. If
not, they should do what was done
with Lumumba. In the case at
hand, either way can be termed
agreeable: a legal trial or an out
raged lynching. The present situ
ation amounts to either interna
tional anarchy or mob rule. Take
your pick.
MIKE DATISMAN
CAPPY HURST
The current trial in Israel of
Adolph Eichmann should without
doubt be suspended. Eichmann is,
without doubt, guilty of commut
ing several heinous crimes. How
ever the State of Israel has no
lawful right to try him. At the
time of his crimes Eichmann was
a member of the German armed
forces. Therefore, his proper
court is either the German peo
ples or an international tribunal
of the military victors (as existed
at Nuremburg).
One may emotionally, cry out
that Eichmann’s crimes were
against the Jewish people, but
even so, Israel does not neces
sarily represent the Jewish peo
ple. Further well known absurdi
ties are that Eichmann is being
tried under an ex post facto law
in what amounts to an ex post
facto state. What is presently
being done to Eichmann is bla
tantly stupid. His captors make
great to do about the lawful come
uppance of this Nazi. Instead they
create a farce.

If they wish a legal trial, they
should go about getting one. If
not, they should do what was done
with Lumumba. In the case at
hand, either way can be termed
agreeable: a legal trial or an out
raged lynching. The present situ
ation amounts to either interna
tional anarchy or mob rule. Take
your pick.
MIKE DATISMAN
CAPPY HURST
The current trial in Israel of
Adolph Eichmann should without
doubt be suspended. Eichmann is,
without doubt, guilty of commut
ing several heinous crimes. How
ever the State of Israel has no
lawful right to try him. At the
time of his crimes Eichmann was
a member of the German armed
forces. Therefore, his proper
court is either the German peo
ples or an international tribunal
of the military victors (as existed
at Nuremburg).
One may emotionally, cry out
that Eichmann’s crimes were
against the Jewish people, but
even so, Israel does not neces
sarily represent the Jewish peo
ple. Further well known absurdi
ties are that Eichmann is being
tried under an ex post facto law
in what amounts to an ex post
facto state. What is presently
being done to Eichmann is bla
tantly stupid. His captors make
great to do about the lawful come
uppance of this Nazi. Instead they
create a farce.

If they wish a legal trial, they
should go about getting one. If
not, they should do what was done
with Lumumba. In the case at
hand, either way can be termed
agreeable: a legal trial or an out
raged lynching. The present situ
ation amounts to either interna
tional anarchy or mob rule. Take
your pick.
MIKE DATISMAN
CAPPY HURST
The current trial in Israel of
Adolph Eichmann should without
doubt be suspended. Eichmann is,
without doubt, guilty of commut
ing several heinous crimes. How
ever the State of Israel has no
lawful right to try him. At the
time of his crimes Eichmann was
a member of the German armed
forces. Therefore, his proper
court is either the German peo
ples or an international tribunal
of the military victors (as existed
at Nuremburg).
One may emotionally, cry out
that Eichmann’s crimes were
against the Jewish people, but
even so, Israel does not neces
sarily represent the Jewish peo
ple. Further well known absurdi
ties are that Eichmann is being
tried under an ex post facto law
in what amounts to an ex post
facto state. What is presently
being done to Eichmann is bla
tantly stupid. His captors make
great to do about the lawful come
uppance of this Nazi. Instead they
create a farce.

If they wish a legal trial, they
should go about getting one. If
not, they should do what was done
with Lumumba. In the case at
hand, either way can be termed
agreeable: a legal trial or an out
raged lynching. The present situ
ation amounts to either interna
tional anarchy or mob rule. Take
your pick.
MIKE DATISMAN
CAPPY HURST
The current trial in Israel of
Adolph Eichmann should without
doubt be suspended. Eichmann is,
without doubt, guilty of commut
ing several heinous crimes. How
ever the State of Israel has no
lawful right to try him. At the
time of his crimes Eichmann was
a member of the German armed
forces. Therefore, his proper
court is either the German peo
ples or an international tribunal
of the military victors (as existed
at Nuremburg).
One may emotionally, cry out
that Eichmann’s crimes were
against the Jewish people, but
even so, Israel does not neces
sarily represent the Jewish peo
ple. Further well known absurdi
ties are that Eichmann is being
tried under an ex post facto law
in what amounts to an ex post
facto state. What is presently
being done to Eichmann is bla
tantly stupid. His captors make
great to do about the lawful come
uppance of this Nazi. Instead they
create a farce.

If they wish a legal trial, they
should go about getting one. If
not, they should do what was done
with Lumumba. In the case at
hand, either way can be termed
agreeable: a legal trial or an out
raged lynching. The present situ
ation amounts to either interna
tional anarchy or mob rule. Take
your pick.
MIKE DATISMAN
CAPPY HURST
