# News Briefs
## 
### United Press International 
VIENTIANE, Laos American
sources said yesterday three and
possibly four American military
advisers were missing after week
end gains by rebel troops. The
rebel radio claimed to have cap
tured one of tho missing men. One
of the U.S. military assistance ad
visory group members was be
lieved wounded.
MIAMI The Cuban govern
ment radio charged that Presi
dent Kennedy had planned to lead
a “victory parade” into Havana if
the anti-Castro rebels had w'on
their fight. It claimed he also
planned to watch the landings
from a warship, but changed his
plans when the invasion was de
feated. In the United Nations,
Cuban Foreign Minister Raul Roa
charged four U.S. warships evacu
ated rebel survivors from the
beachhead last Monday.
