# Wedemeyer on TV With SU Students
## 
### 
Gen. Albert C. Wedemeyer, lead
ing military strategist of World
War 11, will discuss his career in
the military service with a panel
of four Stanford students on the
television show “Career” today.
The show will he aired over
Channel 5 (KPIXt tonight at 7:30.
Participating for Stanford will be
Munrp Robertson, John Chris
singer, Harry Palmer and Edwin
Parker.
Gen. Albert C. Wedemeyer, lead
ing military strategist of World
War 11, will discuss his career in
the military service with a panel
of four Stanford students on the
television show “Career” today.
The show will he aired over
Channel 5 (KPIXt tonight at 7:30.
Participating for Stanford will be
Munrp Robertson, John Chris
singer, Harry Palmer and Edwin
Parker.
Gen. Albert C. Wedemeyer, lead
ing military strategist of World
War 11, will discuss his career in
the military service with a panel
of four Stanford students on the
television show “Career” today.
The show will he aired over
Channel 5 (KPIXt tonight at 7:30.
Participating for Stanford will be
Munrp Robertson, John Chris
singer, Harry Palmer and Edwin
Parker.
Gen. Albert C. Wedemeyer, lead
ing military strategist of World
War 11, will discuss his career in
the military service with a panel
of four Stanford students on the
television show “Career” today.
The show will he aired over
Channel 5 (KPIXt tonight at 7:30.
Participating for Stanford will be
Munrp Robertson, John Chris
singer, Harry Palmer and Edwin
Parker.
Gen. Albert C. Wedemeyer, lead
ing military strategist of World
War 11, will discuss his career in
the military service with a panel
of four Stanford students on the
television show “Career” today.
The show will he aired over
Channel 5 (KPIXt tonight at 7:30.
Participating for Stanford will be
Munrp Robertson, John Chris
singer, Harry Palmer and Edwin
Parker.
Gen. Albert C. Wedemeyer, lead
ing military strategist of World
War 11, will discuss his career in
the military service with a panel
of four Stanford students on the
television show “Career” today.
The show will he aired over
Channel 5 (KPIXt tonight at 7:30.
Participating for Stanford will be
Munrp Robertson, John Chris
singer, Harry Palmer and Edwin
Parker.
Gen. Albert C. Wedemeyer, lead
ing military strategist of World
War 11, will discuss his career in
the military service with a panel
of four Stanford students on the
television show “Career” today.
The show will he aired over
Channel 5 (KPIXt tonight at 7:30.
Participating for Stanford will be
Munrp Robertson, John Chris
singer, Harry Palmer and Edwin
Parker.
Gen. Albert C. Wedemeyer, lead
ing military strategist of World
War 11, will discuss his career in
the military service with a panel
of four Stanford students on the
television show “Career” today.
The show will he aired over
Channel 5 (KPIXt tonight at 7:30.
Participating for Stanford will be
Munrp Robertson, John Chris
singer, Harry Palmer and Edwin
Parker.
Gen. Albert C. Wedemeyer, lead
ing military strategist of World
War 11, will discuss his career in
the military service with a panel
of four Stanford students on the
television show “Career” today.
The show will he aired over
Channel 5 (KPIXt tonight at 7:30.
Participating for Stanford will be
Munrp Robertson, John Chris
singer, Harry Palmer and Edwin
Parker.
Gen. Albert C. Wedemeyer, lead
ing military strategist of World
War 11, will discuss his career in
the military service with a panel
of four Stanford students on the
television show “Career” today.
The show will he aired over
Channel 5 (KPIXt tonight at 7:30.
Participating for Stanford will be
Munrp Robertson, John Chris
singer, Harry Palmer and Edwin
Parker.
Gen. Albert C. Wedemeyer, lead
ing military strategist of World
War 11, will discuss his career in
the military service with a panel
of four Stanford students on the
television show “Career” today.
The show will he aired over
Channel 5 (KPIXt tonight at 7:30.
Participating for Stanford will be
Munrp Robertson, John Chris
singer, Harry Palmer and Edwin
Parker.
Gen. Albert C. Wedemeyer, lead
ing military strategist of World
War 11, will discuss his career in
the military service with a panel
of four Stanford students on the
television show “Career” today.
The show will he aired over
Channel 5 (KPIXt tonight at 7:30.
Participating for Stanford will be
Munrp Robertson, John Chris
singer, Harry Palmer and Edwin
Parker.
Gen. Albert C. Wedemeyer, lead
ing military strategist of World
War 11, will discuss his career in
the military service with a panel
of four Stanford students on the
television show “Career” today.
The show will he aired over
Channel 5 (KPIXt tonight at 7:30.
Participating for Stanford will be
Munrp Robertson, John Chris
singer, Harry Palmer and Edwin
Parker.
Gen. Albert C. Wedemeyer, lead
ing military strategist of World
War 11, will discuss his career in
the military service with a panel
of four Stanford students on the
television show “Career” today.
The show will he aired over
Channel 5 (KPIXt tonight at 7:30.
Participating for Stanford will be
Munrp Robertson, John Chris
singer, Harry Palmer and Edwin
Parker.
Gen. Albert C. Wedemeyer, lead
ing military strategist of World
War 11, will discuss his career in
the military service with a panel
of four Stanford students on the
television show “Career” today.
The show will he aired over
Channel 5 (KPIXt tonight at 7:30.
Participating for Stanford will be
Munrp Robertson, John Chris
singer, Harry Palmer and Edwin
Parker.
Gen. Albert C. Wedemeyer, lead
ing military strategist of World
War 11, will discuss his career in
the military service with a panel
of four Stanford students on the
television show “Career” today.
The show will he aired over
Channel 5 (KPIXt tonight at 7:30.
Participating for Stanford will be
Munrp Robertson, John Chris
singer, Harry Palmer and Edwin
Parker.
