# INDIAN BUREAU HIT
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, April 20. (/P. —
Representative Brunner today criti
cized the Indian Bureau for failing
to favor American products in re
cent advertisement for bids on
1,355,000 pounds of sugar.
WASHINGTON, April 20. (/P. —
Representative Brunner today criti
cized the Indian Bureau for failing
to favor American products in re
cent advertisement for bids on
1,355,000 pounds of sugar.
WASHINGTON, April 20. (/P. —
Representative Brunner today criti
cized the Indian Bureau for failing
to favor American products in re
cent advertisement for bids on
1,355,000 pounds of sugar.
WASHINGTON, April 20. (/P. —
Representative Brunner today criti
cized the Indian Bureau for failing
to favor American products in re
cent advertisement for bids on
1,355,000 pounds of sugar.
WASHINGTON, April 20. (/P. —
Representative Brunner today criti
cized the Indian Bureau for failing
to favor American products in re
cent advertisement for bids on
1,355,000 pounds of sugar.
WASHINGTON, April 20. (/P. —
Representative Brunner today criti
cized the Indian Bureau for failing
to favor American products in re
cent advertisement for bids on
1,355,000 pounds of sugar.
WASHINGTON, April 20. (/P. —
Representative Brunner today criti
cized the Indian Bureau for failing
to favor American products in re
cent advertisement for bids on
1,355,000 pounds of sugar.
WASHINGTON, April 20. (/P. —
Representative Brunner today criti
cized the Indian Bureau for failing
to favor American products in re
cent advertisement for bids on
1,355,000 pounds of sugar.
WASHINGTON, April 20. (/P. —
Representative Brunner today criti
cized the Indian Bureau for failing
to favor American products in re
cent advertisement for bids on
1,355,000 pounds of sugar.
WASHINGTON, April 20. (/P. —
Representative Brunner today criti
cized the Indian Bureau for failing
to favor American products in re
cent advertisement for bids on
1,355,000 pounds of sugar.
WASHINGTON, April 20. (/P. —
Representative Brunner today criti
cized the Indian Bureau for failing
to favor American products in re
cent advertisement for bids on
1,355,000 pounds of sugar.
WASHINGTON, April 20. (/P. —
Representative Brunner today criti
cized the Indian Bureau for failing
to favor American products in re
cent advertisement for bids on
1,355,000 pounds of sugar.
WASHINGTON, April 20. (/P. —
Representative Brunner today criti
cized the Indian Bureau for failing
to favor American products in re
cent advertisement for bids on
1,355,000 pounds of sugar.
WASHINGTON, April 20. (/P. —
Representative Brunner today criti
cized the Indian Bureau for failing
to favor American products in re
cent advertisement for bids on
1,355,000 pounds of sugar.
