# RIOT CENSOR PLANNED
## 
### 
WELLINGTON, N.Z.. April 20. (JP)
—Censorship on news cables sent
abroad is to be imposed to prevent
circulation of alarmist reports con
cerning possible recurrence of the
recent labor disorders at Auckland.
WELLINGTON, N.Z.. April 20. (JP)
—Censorship on news cables sent
abroad is to be imposed to prevent
circulation of alarmist reports con
cerning possible recurrence of the
recent labor disorders at Auckland.
WELLINGTON, N.Z.. April 20. (JP)
—Censorship on news cables sent
abroad is to be imposed to prevent
circulation of alarmist reports con
cerning possible recurrence of the
recent labor disorders at Auckland.
WELLINGTON, N.Z.. April 20. (JP)
—Censorship on news cables sent
abroad is to be imposed to prevent
circulation of alarmist reports con
cerning possible recurrence of the
recent labor disorders at Auckland.
WELLINGTON, N.Z.. April 20. (JP)
—Censorship on news cables sent
abroad is to be imposed to prevent
circulation of alarmist reports con
cerning possible recurrence of the
recent labor disorders at Auckland.
WELLINGTON, N.Z.. April 20. (JP)
—Censorship on news cables sent
abroad is to be imposed to prevent
circulation of alarmist reports con
cerning possible recurrence of the
recent labor disorders at Auckland.
WELLINGTON, N.Z.. April 20. (JP)
—Censorship on news cables sent
abroad is to be imposed to prevent
circulation of alarmist reports con
cerning possible recurrence of the
recent labor disorders at Auckland.
WELLINGTON, N.Z.. April 20. (JP)
—Censorship on news cables sent
abroad is to be imposed to prevent
circulation of alarmist reports con
cerning possible recurrence of the
recent labor disorders at Auckland.
WELLINGTON, N.Z.. April 20. (JP)
—Censorship on news cables sent
abroad is to be imposed to prevent
circulation of alarmist reports con
cerning possible recurrence of the
recent labor disorders at Auckland.
WELLINGTON, N.Z.. April 20. (JP)
—Censorship on news cables sent
abroad is to be imposed to prevent
circulation of alarmist reports con
cerning possible recurrence of the
recent labor disorders at Auckland.
WELLINGTON, N.Z.. April 20. (JP)
—Censorship on news cables sent
abroad is to be imposed to prevent
circulation of alarmist reports con
cerning possible recurrence of the
recent labor disorders at Auckland.
WELLINGTON, N.Z.. April 20. (JP)
—Censorship on news cables sent
abroad is to be imposed to prevent
circulation of alarmist reports con
cerning possible recurrence of the
recent labor disorders at Auckland.
WELLINGTON, N.Z.. April 20. (JP)
—Censorship on news cables sent
abroad is to be imposed to prevent
circulation of alarmist reports con
cerning possible recurrence of the
recent labor disorders at Auckland.
WELLINGTON, N.Z.. April 20. (JP)
—Censorship on news cables sent
abroad is to be imposed to prevent
circulation of alarmist reports con
cerning possible recurrence of the
recent labor disorders at Auckland.
