# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Daily needs everyone.
We're having a meeting this
afternoon at three for
newcomers. We want to talk
to you about your interests
and ideas. Right now we
want to find some
photographers, news and
feature writers, and staff
workers as well as music,
drama and film critics.
Come by and talk to us at
three.
The Daily needs everyone.
We're having a meeting this
afternoon at three for
newcomers. We want to talk
to you about your interests
and ideas. Right now we
want to find some
photographers, news and
feature writers, and staff
workers as well as music,
drama and film critics.
Come by and talk to us at
three.
The Daily needs everyone.
We're having a meeting this
afternoon at three for
newcomers. We want to talk
to you about your interests
and ideas. Right now we
want to find some
photographers, news and
feature writers, and staff
workers as well as music,
drama and film critics.
Come by and talk to us at
three.
The Daily needs everyone.
We're having a meeting this
afternoon at three for
newcomers. We want to talk
to you about your interests
and ideas. Right now we
want to find some
photographers, news and
feature writers, and staff
workers as well as music,
drama and film critics.
Come by and talk to us at
three.
The Daily needs everyone.
We're having a meeting this
afternoon at three for
newcomers. We want to talk
to you about your interests
and ideas. Right now we
want to find some
photographers, news and
feature writers, and staff
workers as well as music,
drama and film critics.
Come by and talk to us at
three.
The Daily needs everyone.
We're having a meeting this
afternoon at three for
newcomers. We want to talk
to you about your interests
and ideas. Right now we
want to find some
photographers, news and
feature writers, and staff
workers as well as music,
drama and film critics.
Come by and talk to us at
three.
The Daily needs everyone.
We're having a meeting this
afternoon at three for
newcomers. We want to talk
to you about your interests
and ideas. Right now we
want to find some
photographers, news and
feature writers, and staff
workers as well as music,
drama and film critics.
Come by and talk to us at
three.
The Daily needs everyone.
We're having a meeting this
afternoon at three for
newcomers. We want to talk
to you about your interests
and ideas. Right now we
want to find some
photographers, news and
feature writers, and staff
workers as well as music,
drama and film critics.
Come by and talk to us at
three.
The Daily needs everyone.
We're having a meeting this
afternoon at three for
newcomers. We want to talk
to you about your interests
and ideas. Right now we
want to find some
photographers, news and
feature writers, and staff
workers as well as music,
drama and film critics.
Come by and talk to us at
three.
The Daily needs everyone.
We're having a meeting this
afternoon at three for
newcomers. We want to talk
to you about your interests
and ideas. Right now we
want to find some
photographers, news and
feature writers, and staff
workers as well as music,
drama and film critics.
Come by and talk to us at
three.
The Daily needs everyone.
We're having a meeting this
afternoon at three for
newcomers. We want to talk
to you about your interests
and ideas. Right now we
want to find some
photographers, news and
feature writers, and staff
workers as well as music,
drama and film critics.
Come by and talk to us at
three.
The Daily needs everyone.
We're having a meeting this
afternoon at three for
newcomers. We want to talk
to you about your interests
and ideas. Right now we
want to find some
photographers, news and
feature writers, and staff
workers as well as music,
drama and film critics.
Come by and talk to us at
three.
The Daily needs everyone.
We're having a meeting this
afternoon at three for
newcomers. We want to talk
to you about your interests
and ideas. Right now we
want to find some
photographers, news and
feature writers, and staff
workers as well as music,
drama and film critics.
Come by and talk to us at
three.
