# MASTERS ON BOARD
## 
### 
Alfred Masters, Stanford athletic
manager, was recently elected to
the Board of Directors of the Palo
Alto National Bank.
Alfred Masters, Stanford athletic
manager, was recently elected to
the Board of Directors of the Palo
Alto National Bank.
Alfred Masters, Stanford athletic
manager, was recently elected to
the Board of Directors of the Palo
Alto National Bank.
Alfred Masters, Stanford athletic
manager, was recently elected to
the Board of Directors of the Palo
Alto National Bank.
Alfred Masters, Stanford athletic
manager, was recently elected to
the Board of Directors of the Palo
Alto National Bank.
Alfred Masters, Stanford athletic
manager, was recently elected to
the Board of Directors of the Palo
Alto National Bank.
Alfred Masters, Stanford athletic
manager, was recently elected to
the Board of Directors of the Palo
Alto National Bank.
Alfred Masters, Stanford athletic
manager, was recently elected to
the Board of Directors of the Palo
Alto National Bank.
Alfred Masters, Stanford athletic
manager, was recently elected to
the Board of Directors of the Palo
Alto National Bank.
Alfred Masters, Stanford athletic
manager, was recently elected to
the Board of Directors of the Palo
Alto National Bank.
Alfred Masters, Stanford athletic
manager, was recently elected to
the Board of Directors of the Palo
Alto National Bank.
Alfred Masters, Stanford athletic
manager, was recently elected to
the Board of Directors of the Palo
Alto National Bank.
Alfred Masters, Stanford athletic
manager, was recently elected to
the Board of Directors of the Palo
Alto National Bank.
Alfred Masters, Stanford athletic
manager, was recently elected to
the Board of Directors of the Palo
Alto National Bank.
Alfred Masters, Stanford athletic
manager, was recently elected to
the Board of Directors of the Palo
Alto National Bank.
Alfred Masters, Stanford athletic
manager, was recently elected to
the Board of Directors of the Palo
Alto National Bank.
