# SEEK SKI TITLE EVENT
## 
### 
SEATTLE, Oct. 4 (U.R).—The Sun
Valley Ski' Club will make applica
tion to the National Ski Association
for the national amateur champion
ships ami the national open cham
pionships in downhill and slalom
March 12 and 13. Th<> decision was
reached at a meeting of the Pacific
Northwest Ski Association last
night.
SEATTLE, Oct. 4 (U.R).—The Sun
Valley Ski' Club will make applica
tion to the National Ski Association
for the national amateur champion
ships ami the national open cham
pionships in downhill and slalom
March 12 and 13. Th<> decision was
reached at a meeting of the Pacific
Northwest Ski Association last
night.
SEATTLE, Oct. 4 (U.R).—The Sun
Valley Ski' Club will make applica
tion to the National Ski Association
for the national amateur champion
ships ami the national open cham
pionships in downhill and slalom
March 12 and 13. Th<> decision was
reached at a meeting of the Pacific
Northwest Ski Association last
night.
SEATTLE, Oct. 4 (U.R).—The Sun
Valley Ski' Club will make applica
tion to the National Ski Association
for the national amateur champion
ships ami the national open cham
pionships in downhill and slalom
March 12 and 13. Th<> decision was
reached at a meeting of the Pacific
Northwest Ski Association last
night.
SEATTLE, Oct. 4 (U.R).—The Sun
Valley Ski' Club will make applica
tion to the National Ski Association
for the national amateur champion
ships ami the national open cham
pionships in downhill and slalom
March 12 and 13. Th<> decision was
reached at a meeting of the Pacific
Northwest Ski Association last
night.
SEATTLE, Oct. 4 (U.R).—The Sun
Valley Ski' Club will make applica
tion to the National Ski Association
for the national amateur champion
ships ami the national open cham
pionships in downhill and slalom
March 12 and 13. Th<> decision was
reached at a meeting of the Pacific
Northwest Ski Association last
night.
SEATTLE, Oct. 4 (U.R).—The Sun
Valley Ski' Club will make applica
tion to the National Ski Association
for the national amateur champion
ships ami the national open cham
pionships in downhill and slalom
March 12 and 13. Th<> decision was
reached at a meeting of the Pacific
Northwest Ski Association last
night.
SEATTLE, Oct. 4 (U.R).—The Sun
Valley Ski' Club will make applica
tion to the National Ski Association
for the national amateur champion
ships ami the national open cham
pionships in downhill and slalom
March 12 and 13. Th<> decision was
reached at a meeting of the Pacific
Northwest Ski Association last
night.
SEATTLE, Oct. 4 (U.R).—The Sun
Valley Ski' Club will make applica
tion to the National Ski Association
for the national amateur champion
ships ami the national open cham
pionships in downhill and slalom
March 12 and 13. Th<> decision was
reached at a meeting of the Pacific
Northwest Ski Association last
night.
SEATTLE, Oct. 4 (U.R).—The Sun
Valley Ski' Club will make applica
tion to the National Ski Association
for the national amateur champion
ships ami the national open cham
pionships in downhill and slalom
March 12 and 13. Th<> decision was
reached at a meeting of the Pacific
Northwest Ski Association last
night.
SEATTLE, Oct. 4 (U.R).—The Sun
Valley Ski' Club will make applica
tion to the National Ski Association
for the national amateur champion
ships ami the national open cham
pionships in downhill and slalom
March 12 and 13. Th<> decision was
reached at a meeting of the Pacific
Northwest Ski Association last
night.
SEATTLE, Oct. 4 (U.R).—The Sun
Valley Ski' Club will make applica
tion to the National Ski Association
for the national amateur champion
ships ami the national open cham
pionships in downhill and slalom
March 12 and 13. Th<> decision was
reached at a meeting of the Pacific
Northwest Ski Association last
night.
SEATTLE, Oct. 4 (U.R).—The Sun
Valley Ski' Club will make applica
tion to the National Ski Association
for the national amateur champion
ships ami the national open cham
pionships in downhill and slalom
March 12 and 13. Th<> decision was
reached at a meeting of the Pacific
Northwest Ski Association last
night.
SEATTLE, Oct. 4 (U.R).—The Sun
Valley Ski' Club will make applica
tion to the National Ski Association
for the national amateur champion
ships ami the national open cham
pionships in downhill and slalom
March 12 and 13. Th<> decision was
reached at a meeting of the Pacific
Northwest Ski Association last
night.
SEATTLE, Oct. 4 (U.R).—The Sun
Valley Ski' Club will make applica
tion to the National Ski Association
for the national amateur champion
ships ami the national open cham
pionships in downhill and slalom
March 12 and 13. Th<> decision was
reached at a meeting of the Pacific
Northwest Ski Association last
night.
SEATTLE, Oct. 4 (U.R).—The Sun
Valley Ski' Club will make applica
tion to the National Ski Association
for the national amateur champion
ships ami the national open cham
pionships in downhill and slalom
March 12 and 13. Th<> decision was
reached at a meeting of the Pacific
Northwest Ski Association last
night.
