# Cub Hopefuls Learn Copy, Proof Reading
## 
### 
Daily tryoutees were taught proof
reading symbols at their second
meeting yesterday at 5 o'clock in
Room 100. Associate Editor John
Rice passed out mimeographed
sheets explaining proof marks, and
gave tryoutees copy to correct.
Future tryoutee meetings will be
held in Room 100 in the inner Quad
on Mondays and Thursdays. The
next meeting on Thursday, October
7, will deal with news writing and
headline writing.
Daily tryoutees were taught proof
reading symbols at their second
meeting yesterday at 5 o'clock in
Room 100. Associate Editor John
Rice passed out mimeographed
sheets explaining proof marks, and
gave tryoutees copy to correct.
Future tryoutee meetings will be
held in Room 100 in the inner Quad
on Mondays and Thursdays. The
next meeting on Thursday, October
7, will deal with news writing and
headline writing.
Daily tryoutees were taught proof
reading symbols at their second
meeting yesterday at 5 o'clock in
Room 100. Associate Editor John
Rice passed out mimeographed
sheets explaining proof marks, and
gave tryoutees copy to correct.
Future tryoutee meetings will be
held in Room 100 in the inner Quad
on Mondays and Thursdays. The
next meeting on Thursday, October
7, will deal with news writing and
headline writing.
Daily tryoutees were taught proof
reading symbols at their second
meeting yesterday at 5 o'clock in
Room 100. Associate Editor John
Rice passed out mimeographed
sheets explaining proof marks, and
gave tryoutees copy to correct.
Future tryoutee meetings will be
held in Room 100 in the inner Quad
on Mondays and Thursdays. The
next meeting on Thursday, October
7, will deal with news writing and
headline writing.
Daily tryoutees were taught proof
reading symbols at their second
meeting yesterday at 5 o'clock in
Room 100. Associate Editor John
Rice passed out mimeographed
sheets explaining proof marks, and
gave tryoutees copy to correct.
Future tryoutee meetings will be
held in Room 100 in the inner Quad
on Mondays and Thursdays. The
next meeting on Thursday, October
7, will deal with news writing and
headline writing.
Daily tryoutees were taught proof
reading symbols at their second
meeting yesterday at 5 o'clock in
Room 100. Associate Editor John
Rice passed out mimeographed
sheets explaining proof marks, and
gave tryoutees copy to correct.
Future tryoutee meetings will be
held in Room 100 in the inner Quad
on Mondays and Thursdays. The
next meeting on Thursday, October
7, will deal with news writing and
headline writing.
Daily tryoutees were taught proof
reading symbols at their second
meeting yesterday at 5 o'clock in
Room 100. Associate Editor John
Rice passed out mimeographed
sheets explaining proof marks, and
gave tryoutees copy to correct.
Future tryoutee meetings will be
held in Room 100 in the inner Quad
on Mondays and Thursdays. The
next meeting on Thursday, October
7, will deal with news writing and
headline writing.
Daily tryoutees were taught proof
reading symbols at their second
meeting yesterday at 5 o'clock in
Room 100. Associate Editor John
Rice passed out mimeographed
sheets explaining proof marks, and
gave tryoutees copy to correct.
Future tryoutee meetings will be
held in Room 100 in the inner Quad
on Mondays and Thursdays. The
next meeting on Thursday, October
7, will deal with news writing and
headline writing.
Daily tryoutees were taught proof
reading symbols at their second
meeting yesterday at 5 o'clock in
Room 100. Associate Editor John
Rice passed out mimeographed
sheets explaining proof marks, and
gave tryoutees copy to correct.
Future tryoutee meetings will be
held in Room 100 in the inner Quad
on Mondays and Thursdays. The
next meeting on Thursday, October
7, will deal with news writing and
headline writing.
Daily tryoutees were taught proof
reading symbols at their second
meeting yesterday at 5 o'clock in
Room 100. Associate Editor John
Rice passed out mimeographed
sheets explaining proof marks, and
gave tryoutees copy to correct.
Future tryoutee meetings will be
held in Room 100 in the inner Quad
on Mondays and Thursdays. The
next meeting on Thursday, October
7, will deal with news writing and
headline writing.
Daily tryoutees were taught proof
reading symbols at their second
meeting yesterday at 5 o'clock in
Room 100. Associate Editor John
Rice passed out mimeographed
sheets explaining proof marks, and
gave tryoutees copy to correct.
Future tryoutee meetings will be
held in Room 100 in the inner Quad
on Mondays and Thursdays. The
next meeting on Thursday, October
7, will deal with news writing and
headline writing.
Daily tryoutees were taught proof
reading symbols at their second
meeting yesterday at 5 o'clock in
Room 100. Associate Editor John
Rice passed out mimeographed
sheets explaining proof marks, and
gave tryoutees copy to correct.
Future tryoutee meetings will be
held in Room 100 in the inner Quad
on Mondays and Thursdays. The
next meeting on Thursday, October
7, will deal with news writing and
headline writing.
Daily tryoutees were taught proof
reading symbols at their second
meeting yesterday at 5 o'clock in
Room 100. Associate Editor John
Rice passed out mimeographed
sheets explaining proof marks, and
gave tryoutees copy to correct.
Future tryoutee meetings will be
held in Room 100 in the inner Quad
on Mondays and Thursdays. The
next meeting on Thursday, October
7, will deal with news writing and
headline writing.
Daily tryoutees were taught proof
reading symbols at their second
meeting yesterday at 5 o'clock in
Room 100. Associate Editor John
Rice passed out mimeographed
sheets explaining proof marks, and
gave tryoutees copy to correct.
Future tryoutee meetings will be
held in Room 100 in the inner Quad
on Mondays and Thursdays. The
next meeting on Thursday, October
7, will deal with news writing and
headline writing.
Daily tryoutees were taught proof
reading symbols at their second
meeting yesterday at 5 o'clock in
Room 100. Associate Editor John
Rice passed out mimeographed
sheets explaining proof marks, and
gave tryoutees copy to correct.
Future tryoutee meetings will be
held in Room 100 in the inner Quad
on Mondays and Thursdays. The
next meeting on Thursday, October
7, will deal with news writing and
headline writing.
Daily tryoutees were taught proof
reading symbols at their second
meeting yesterday at 5 o'clock in
Room 100. Associate Editor John
Rice passed out mimeographed
sheets explaining proof marks, and
gave tryoutees copy to correct.
Future tryoutee meetings will be
held in Room 100 in the inner Quad
on Mondays and Thursdays. The
next meeting on Thursday, October
7, will deal with news writing and
headline writing.
