# HUNT TRUCK DRIVER
## 
### 
SANTA MONICA, Oct. 4 (U.R).—A
state-wide search was under way
todaw for Thomas S. Willey, 28,
truck driver, who disappeared be
tween Hcaldsburg and Santa Rosa
Saturday with more than $2000
worth of candy and tobacco in his
truck.
SANTA MONICA, Oct. 4 (U.R).—A
state-wide search was under way
todaw for Thomas S. Willey, 28,
truck driver, who disappeared be
tween Hcaldsburg and Santa Rosa
Saturday with more than $2000
worth of candy and tobacco in his
truck.
SANTA MONICA, Oct. 4 (U.R).—A
state-wide search was under way
todaw for Thomas S. Willey, 28,
truck driver, who disappeared be
tween Hcaldsburg and Santa Rosa
Saturday with more than $2000
worth of candy and tobacco in his
truck.
SANTA MONICA, Oct. 4 (U.R).—A
state-wide search was under way
todaw for Thomas S. Willey, 28,
truck driver, who disappeared be
tween Hcaldsburg and Santa Rosa
Saturday with more than $2000
worth of candy and tobacco in his
truck.
SANTA MONICA, Oct. 4 (U.R).—A
state-wide search was under way
todaw for Thomas S. Willey, 28,
truck driver, who disappeared be
tween Hcaldsburg and Santa Rosa
Saturday with more than $2000
worth of candy and tobacco in his
truck.
SANTA MONICA, Oct. 4 (U.R).—A
state-wide search was under way
todaw for Thomas S. Willey, 28,
truck driver, who disappeared be
tween Hcaldsburg and Santa Rosa
Saturday with more than $2000
worth of candy and tobacco in his
truck.
SANTA MONICA, Oct. 4 (U.R).—A
state-wide search was under way
todaw for Thomas S. Willey, 28,
truck driver, who disappeared be
tween Hcaldsburg and Santa Rosa
Saturday with more than $2000
worth of candy and tobacco in his
truck.
SANTA MONICA, Oct. 4 (U.R).—A
state-wide search was under way
todaw for Thomas S. Willey, 28,
truck driver, who disappeared be
tween Hcaldsburg and Santa Rosa
Saturday with more than $2000
worth of candy and tobacco in his
truck.
SANTA MONICA, Oct. 4 (U.R).—A
state-wide search was under way
todaw for Thomas S. Willey, 28,
truck driver, who disappeared be
tween Hcaldsburg and Santa Rosa
Saturday with more than $2000
worth of candy and tobacco in his
truck.
SANTA MONICA, Oct. 4 (U.R).—A
state-wide search was under way
todaw for Thomas S. Willey, 28,
truck driver, who disappeared be
tween Hcaldsburg and Santa Rosa
Saturday with more than $2000
worth of candy and tobacco in his
truck.
SANTA MONICA, Oct. 4 (U.R).—A
state-wide search was under way
todaw for Thomas S. Willey, 28,
truck driver, who disappeared be
tween Hcaldsburg and Santa Rosa
Saturday with more than $2000
worth of candy and tobacco in his
truck.
SANTA MONICA, Oct. 4 (U.R).—A
state-wide search was under way
todaw for Thomas S. Willey, 28,
truck driver, who disappeared be
tween Hcaldsburg and Santa Rosa
Saturday with more than $2000
worth of candy and tobacco in his
truck.
SANTA MONICA, Oct. 4 (U.R).—A
state-wide search was under way
todaw for Thomas S. Willey, 28,
truck driver, who disappeared be
tween Hcaldsburg and Santa Rosa
Saturday with more than $2000
worth of candy and tobacco in his
truck.
SANTA MONICA, Oct. 4 (U.R).—A
state-wide search was under way
todaw for Thomas S. Willey, 28,
truck driver, who disappeared be
tween Hcaldsburg and Santa Rosa
Saturday with more than $2000
worth of candy and tobacco in his
truck.
SANTA MONICA, Oct. 4 (U.R).—A
state-wide search was under way
todaw for Thomas S. Willey, 28,
truck driver, who disappeared be
tween Hcaldsburg and Santa Rosa
Saturday with more than $2000
worth of candy and tobacco in his
truck.
SANTA MONICA, Oct. 4 (U.R).—A
state-wide search was under way
todaw for Thomas S. Willey, 28,
truck driver, who disappeared be
tween Hcaldsburg and Santa Rosa
Saturday with more than $2000
worth of candy and tobacco in his
truck.
