# A.S.S.U. PRESIDENT ATTEMPTS WATER FIGHT WITH DAILY
## 
### 
An attempt to shower mem
bers of the Daily staff with
water-filled paper bags was
frustrated yesterday when the
intended victims moved out of
range of the respective throw
ing arms of Robert M. Brown,
student body president, head
sponsor of Encina, and Albert
Denny, student manager.
Innocently gathering outside
the entrance to the Stanford
Union, the news-chasers saw
Brown enter to go into the
A.S.S.U. office. They were
amazed, minutes later, to see
the student leader, accom
panied by Denny, appear on
the porch just over the Union
entrance, water-bags in hand.
When lie saw that the vic
tim.-; of his intended attack
were out of his reach, Brown
dropped the water in disgust
and moved away muttering
angrily. What action the spon
sors will take against Brown
is unknown.
