# Untitled Article
## 
### 

TURKISH TROOPS—Warming themselves by a roadside fire
following their second bayonet charge against the Communists
in the northwest sector, are these members of a Turkish com
ponent of the UN forces in Korea. —Acme Telephoto

TURKISH TROOPS—Warming themselves by a roadside fire
following their second bayonet charge against the Communists
in the northwest sector, are these members of a Turkish com
ponent of the UN forces in Korea. —Acme Telephoto

TURKISH TROOPS—Warming themselves by a roadside fire
following their second bayonet charge against the Communists
in the northwest sector, are these members of a Turkish com
ponent of the UN forces in Korea. —Acme Telephoto

TURKISH TROOPS—Warming themselves by a roadside fire
following their second bayonet charge against the Communists
in the northwest sector, are these members of a Turkish com
ponent of the UN forces in Korea. —Acme Telephoto

TURKISH TROOPS—Warming themselves by a roadside fire
following their second bayonet charge against the Communists
in the northwest sector, are these members of a Turkish com
ponent of the UN forces in Korea. —Acme Telephoto

TURKISH TROOPS—Warming themselves by a roadside fire
following their second bayonet charge against the Communists
in the northwest sector, are these members of a Turkish com
ponent of the UN forces in Korea. —Acme Telephoto

TURKISH TROOPS—Warming themselves by a roadside fire
following their second bayonet charge against the Communists
in the northwest sector, are these members of a Turkish com
ponent of the UN forces in Korea. —Acme Telephoto

TURKISH TROOPS—Warming themselves by a roadside fire
following their second bayonet charge against the Communists
in the northwest sector, are these members of a Turkish com
ponent of the UN forces in Korea. —Acme Telephoto

TURKISH TROOPS—Warming themselves by a roadside fire
following their second bayonet charge against the Communists
in the northwest sector, are these members of a Turkish com
ponent of the UN forces in Korea. —Acme Telephoto

TURKISH TROOPS—Warming themselves by a roadside fire
following their second bayonet charge against the Communists
in the northwest sector, are these members of a Turkish com
ponent of the UN forces in Korea. —Acme Telephoto

TURKISH TROOPS—Warming themselves by a roadside fire
following their second bayonet charge against the Communists
in the northwest sector, are these members of a Turkish com
ponent of the UN forces in Korea. —Acme Telephoto

TURKISH TROOPS—Warming themselves by a roadside fire
following their second bayonet charge against the Communists
in the northwest sector, are these members of a Turkish com
ponent of the UN forces in Korea. —Acme Telephoto

TURKISH TROOPS—Warming themselves by a roadside fire
following their second bayonet charge against the Communists
in the northwest sector, are these members of a Turkish com
ponent of the UN forces in Korea. —Acme Telephoto

TURKISH TROOPS—Warming themselves by a roadside fire
following their second bayonet charge against the Communists
in the northwest sector, are these members of a Turkish com
ponent of the UN forces in Korea. —Acme Telephoto

TURKISH TROOPS—Warming themselves by a roadside fire
following their second bayonet charge against the Communists
in the northwest sector, are these members of a Turkish com
ponent of the UN forces in Korea. —Acme Telephoto
