# Air RO Opens 10 More Places
## 
### 
The quota for students in the Air
Force HOTC Administration and
Logistics Program at Stanford has
been increased and will permit the
enrollment of 10 additional special
short-term candidates for commis
sions as reserve second lieutenants
in non-technical fields, Col. Henry
L. Barrett, head of the Air Force
ROTC here, has announced.
Applicants must have at least one
year's active duty in any branch of
the armed forces or have otherwise
fulfilled the basic ROTC require
ment. Graduates, seniors, and jun
iors are eligible, provided that they
will not leave school before June
1951.
Any student wishing to qualify for
appointment as a reserve ollicer
upon graduation should contact tin-
Air Force ROTC office immediately.
Col. Barrett said. The office is in
Room 42. Department ol Athletics
Building. Telephone DA 3-9411, ex
tension 507.
The quota for students in the Air
Force HOTC Administration and
Logistics Program at Stanford has
been increased and will permit the
enrollment of 10 additional special
short-term candidates for commis
sions as reserve second lieutenants
in non-technical fields, Col. Henry
L. Barrett, head of the Air Force
ROTC here, has announced.
Applicants must have at least one
year's active duty in any branch of
the armed forces or have otherwise
fulfilled the basic ROTC require
ment. Graduates, seniors, and jun
iors are eligible, provided that they
will not leave school before June
1951.
Any student wishing to qualify for
appointment as a reserve ollicer
upon graduation should contact tin-
Air Force ROTC office immediately.
Col. Barrett said. The office is in
Room 42. Department ol Athletics
Building. Telephone DA 3-9411, ex
tension 507.
The quota for students in the Air
Force HOTC Administration and
Logistics Program at Stanford has
been increased and will permit the
enrollment of 10 additional special
short-term candidates for commis
sions as reserve second lieutenants
in non-technical fields, Col. Henry
L. Barrett, head of the Air Force
ROTC here, has announced.
Applicants must have at least one
year's active duty in any branch of
the armed forces or have otherwise
fulfilled the basic ROTC require
ment. Graduates, seniors, and jun
iors are eligible, provided that they
will not leave school before June
1951.
Any student wishing to qualify for
appointment as a reserve ollicer
upon graduation should contact tin-
Air Force ROTC office immediately.
Col. Barrett said. The office is in
Room 42. Department ol Athletics
Building. Telephone DA 3-9411, ex
tension 507.
The quota for students in the Air
Force HOTC Administration and
Logistics Program at Stanford has
been increased and will permit the
enrollment of 10 additional special
short-term candidates for commis
sions as reserve second lieutenants
in non-technical fields, Col. Henry
L. Barrett, head of the Air Force
ROTC here, has announced.
Applicants must have at least one
year's active duty in any branch of
the armed forces or have otherwise
fulfilled the basic ROTC require
ment. Graduates, seniors, and jun
iors are eligible, provided that they
will not leave school before June
1951.
Any student wishing to qualify for
appointment as a reserve ollicer
upon graduation should contact tin-
Air Force ROTC office immediately.
Col. Barrett said. The office is in
Room 42. Department ol Athletics
Building. Telephone DA 3-9411, ex
tension 507.
The quota for students in the Air
Force HOTC Administration and
Logistics Program at Stanford has
been increased and will permit the
enrollment of 10 additional special
short-term candidates for commis
sions as reserve second lieutenants
in non-technical fields, Col. Henry
L. Barrett, head of the Air Force
ROTC here, has announced.
Applicants must have at least one
year's active duty in any branch of
the armed forces or have otherwise
fulfilled the basic ROTC require
ment. Graduates, seniors, and jun
iors are eligible, provided that they
will not leave school before June
1951.
Any student wishing to qualify for
appointment as a reserve ollicer
upon graduation should contact tin-
Air Force ROTC office immediately.
Col. Barrett said. The office is in
Room 42. Department ol Athletics
Building. Telephone DA 3-9411, ex
tension 507.
The quota for students in the Air
Force HOTC Administration and
Logistics Program at Stanford has
been increased and will permit the
enrollment of 10 additional special
short-term candidates for commis
sions as reserve second lieutenants
in non-technical fields, Col. Henry
L. Barrett, head of the Air Force
ROTC here, has announced.
Applicants must have at least one
year's active duty in any branch of
the armed forces or have otherwise
fulfilled the basic ROTC require
ment. Graduates, seniors, and jun
iors are eligible, provided that they
will not leave school before June
1951.
Any student wishing to qualify for
appointment as a reserve ollicer
upon graduation should contact tin-
Air Force ROTC office immediately.
Col. Barrett said. The office is in
Room 42. Department ol Athletics
Building. Telephone DA 3-9411, ex
tension 507.
The quota for students in the Air
Force HOTC Administration and
Logistics Program at Stanford has
been increased and will permit the
enrollment of 10 additional special
short-term candidates for commis
sions as reserve second lieutenants
in non-technical fields, Col. Henry
L. Barrett, head of the Air Force
ROTC here, has announced.
Applicants must have at least one
year's active duty in any branch of
the armed forces or have otherwise
fulfilled the basic ROTC require
ment. Graduates, seniors, and jun
iors are eligible, provided that they
will not leave school before June
1951.
Any student wishing to qualify for
appointment as a reserve ollicer
upon graduation should contact tin-
Air Force ROTC office immediately.
Col. Barrett said. The office is in
Room 42. Department ol Athletics
Building. Telephone DA 3-9411, ex
tension 507.
The quota for students in the Air
Force HOTC Administration and
Logistics Program at Stanford has
been increased and will permit the
enrollment of 10 additional special
short-term candidates for commis
sions as reserve second lieutenants
in non-technical fields, Col. Henry
L. Barrett, head of the Air Force
ROTC here, has announced.
Applicants must have at least one
year's active duty in any branch of
the armed forces or have otherwise
fulfilled the basic ROTC require
ment. Graduates, seniors, and jun
iors are eligible, provided that they
will not leave school before June
1951.
Any student wishing to qualify for
appointment as a reserve ollicer
upon graduation should contact tin-
Air Force ROTC office immediately.
Col. Barrett said. The office is in
Room 42. Department ol Athletics
Building. Telephone DA 3-9411, ex
tension 507.
The quota for students in the Air
Force HOTC Administration and
Logistics Program at Stanford has
been increased and will permit the
enrollment of 10 additional special
short-term candidates for commis
sions as reserve second lieutenants
in non-technical fields, Col. Henry
L. Barrett, head of the Air Force
ROTC here, has announced.
Applicants must have at least one
year's active duty in any branch of
the armed forces or have otherwise
fulfilled the basic ROTC require
ment. Graduates, seniors, and jun
iors are eligible, provided that they
will not leave school before June
1951.
Any student wishing to qualify for
appointment as a reserve ollicer
upon graduation should contact tin-
Air Force ROTC office immediately.
Col. Barrett said. The office is in
Room 42. Department ol Athletics
Building. Telephone DA 3-9411, ex
tension 507.
The quota for students in the Air
Force HOTC Administration and
Logistics Program at Stanford has
been increased and will permit the
enrollment of 10 additional special
short-term candidates for commis
sions as reserve second lieutenants
in non-technical fields, Col. Henry
L. Barrett, head of the Air Force
ROTC here, has announced.
Applicants must have at least one
year's active duty in any branch of
the armed forces or have otherwise
fulfilled the basic ROTC require
ment. Graduates, seniors, and jun
iors are eligible, provided that they
will not leave school before June
1951.
Any student wishing to qualify for
appointment as a reserve ollicer
upon graduation should contact tin-
Air Force ROTC office immediately.
Col. Barrett said. The office is in
Room 42. Department ol Athletics
Building. Telephone DA 3-9411, ex
tension 507.
The quota for students in the Air
Force HOTC Administration and
Logistics Program at Stanford has
been increased and will permit the
enrollment of 10 additional special
short-term candidates for commis
sions as reserve second lieutenants
in non-technical fields, Col. Henry
L. Barrett, head of the Air Force
ROTC here, has announced.
Applicants must have at least one
year's active duty in any branch of
the armed forces or have otherwise
fulfilled the basic ROTC require
ment. Graduates, seniors, and jun
iors are eligible, provided that they
will not leave school before June
1951.
Any student wishing to qualify for
appointment as a reserve ollicer
upon graduation should contact tin-
Air Force ROTC office immediately.
Col. Barrett said. The office is in
Room 42. Department ol Athletics
Building. Telephone DA 3-9411, ex
tension 507.
The quota for students in the Air
Force HOTC Administration and
Logistics Program at Stanford has
been increased and will permit the
enrollment of 10 additional special
short-term candidates for commis
sions as reserve second lieutenants
in non-technical fields, Col. Henry
L. Barrett, head of the Air Force
ROTC here, has announced.
Applicants must have at least one
year's active duty in any branch of
the armed forces or have otherwise
fulfilled the basic ROTC require
ment. Graduates, seniors, and jun
iors are eligible, provided that they
will not leave school before June
1951.
Any student wishing to qualify for
appointment as a reserve ollicer
upon graduation should contact tin-
Air Force ROTC office immediately.
Col. Barrett said. The office is in
Room 42. Department ol Athletics
Building. Telephone DA 3-9411, ex
tension 507.
The quota for students in the Air
Force HOTC Administration and
Logistics Program at Stanford has
been increased and will permit the
enrollment of 10 additional special
short-term candidates for commis
sions as reserve second lieutenants
in non-technical fields, Col. Henry
L. Barrett, head of the Air Force
ROTC here, has announced.
Applicants must have at least one
year's active duty in any branch of
the armed forces or have otherwise
fulfilled the basic ROTC require
ment. Graduates, seniors, and jun
iors are eligible, provided that they
will not leave school before June
1951.
Any student wishing to qualify for
appointment as a reserve ollicer
upon graduation should contact tin-
Air Force ROTC office immediately.
Col. Barrett said. The office is in
Room 42. Department ol Athletics
Building. Telephone DA 3-9411, ex
tension 507.
The quota for students in the Air
Force HOTC Administration and
Logistics Program at Stanford has
been increased and will permit the
enrollment of 10 additional special
short-term candidates for commis
sions as reserve second lieutenants
in non-technical fields, Col. Henry
L. Barrett, head of the Air Force
ROTC here, has announced.
Applicants must have at least one
year's active duty in any branch of
the armed forces or have otherwise
fulfilled the basic ROTC require
ment. Graduates, seniors, and jun
iors are eligible, provided that they
will not leave school before June
1951.
Any student wishing to qualify for
appointment as a reserve ollicer
upon graduation should contact tin-
Air Force ROTC office immediately.
Col. Barrett said. The office is in
Room 42. Department ol Athletics
Building. Telephone DA 3-9411, ex
tension 507.
The quota for students in the Air
Force HOTC Administration and
Logistics Program at Stanford has
been increased and will permit the
enrollment of 10 additional special
short-term candidates for commis
sions as reserve second lieutenants
in non-technical fields, Col. Henry
L. Barrett, head of the Air Force
ROTC here, has announced.
Applicants must have at least one
year's active duty in any branch of
the armed forces or have otherwise
fulfilled the basic ROTC require
ment. Graduates, seniors, and jun
iors are eligible, provided that they
will not leave school before June
1951.
Any student wishing to qualify for
appointment as a reserve ollicer
upon graduation should contact tin-
Air Force ROTC office immediately.
Col. Barrett said. The office is in
Room 42. Department ol Athletics
Building. Telephone DA 3-9411, ex
tension 507.
