# TUESDAY SERIES
## Geographer's Subject to Be Malaya Today 
### 
Dr. E. H. G. Dobby, British geog
rapher, will speak on "Malaya To
day" at the Tuesday Evening Series
tonight at 7:30 in the Memorial Au
ditorium.
Dr. Dobby will use a sound movie
to illustrate his talk. He will be in
troduced by Dr. C. Langdon White,
Stanford professor of geography.
Dr. Dobby's career of overseas ex
perience began with studies of Spain
and Portugal which appeared in
British and American periodicals. In
1939 he became a lecturer at Pafflcs
College in Malaya and in 1942 served
with British Intelligence in India.
Dobby is en route to resume his
Avork in Malaya after spending a
year on a lecture tour of American
universities.
At the University of Malaya, he
bccame its first professor of geogra
phy in 1946. He has been a visiting
professor at Yale in the Southeast
Asia studies of the Foreign Areas
Program.
Dobby is also author of the book
"Southeast Asia," which appeared
last September, and has made stud
ies for the Geographical Review, the
Geographical Journal, and Economic
Geography.
Dr. E. H. G. Dobby, British geog
rapher, will speak on "Malaya To
day" at the Tuesday Evening Series
tonight at 7:30 in the Memorial Au
ditorium.
Dr. Dobby will use a sound movie
to illustrate his talk. He will be in
troduced by Dr. C. Langdon White,
Stanford professor of geography.
Dr. Dobby's career of overseas ex
perience began with studies of Spain
and Portugal which appeared in
British and American periodicals. In
1939 he became a lecturer at Pafflcs
College in Malaya and in 1942 served
with British Intelligence in India.
Dobby is en route to resume his
Avork in Malaya after spending a
year on a lecture tour of American
universities.
At the University of Malaya, he
bccame its first professor of geogra
phy in 1946. He has been a visiting
professor at Yale in the Southeast
Asia studies of the Foreign Areas
Program.
Dobby is also author of the book
"Southeast Asia," which appeared
last September, and has made stud
ies for the Geographical Review, the
Geographical Journal, and Economic
Geography.
Dr. E. H. G. Dobby, British geog
rapher, will speak on "Malaya To
day" at the Tuesday Evening Series
tonight at 7:30 in the Memorial Au
ditorium.
Dr. Dobby will use a sound movie
to illustrate his talk. He will be in
troduced by Dr. C. Langdon White,
Stanford professor of geography.
Dr. Dobby's career of overseas ex
perience began with studies of Spain
and Portugal which appeared in
British and American periodicals. In
1939 he became a lecturer at Pafflcs
College in Malaya and in 1942 served
with British Intelligence in India.
Dobby is en route to resume his
Avork in Malaya after spending a
year on a lecture tour of American
universities.
At the University of Malaya, he
bccame its first professor of geogra
phy in 1946. He has been a visiting
professor at Yale in the Southeast
Asia studies of the Foreign Areas
Program.
Dobby is also author of the book
"Southeast Asia," which appeared
last September, and has made stud
ies for the Geographical Review, the
Geographical Journal, and Economic
Geography.
Dr. E. H. G. Dobby, British geog
rapher, will speak on "Malaya To
day" at the Tuesday Evening Series
tonight at 7:30 in the Memorial Au
ditorium.
Dr. Dobby will use a sound movie
to illustrate his talk. He will be in
troduced by Dr. C. Langdon White,
Stanford professor of geography.
Dr. Dobby's career of overseas ex
perience began with studies of Spain
and Portugal which appeared in
British and American periodicals. In
1939 he became a lecturer at Pafflcs
College in Malaya and in 1942 served
with British Intelligence in India.
Dobby is en route to resume his
Avork in Malaya after spending a
year on a lecture tour of American
universities.
At the University of Malaya, he
bccame its first professor of geogra
phy in 1946. He has been a visiting
professor at Yale in the Southeast
Asia studies of the Foreign Areas
Program.
Dobby is also author of the book
"Southeast Asia," which appeared
last September, and has made stud
ies for the Geographical Review, the
Geographical Journal, and Economic
Geography.
Dr. E. H. G. Dobby, British geog
rapher, will speak on "Malaya To
day" at the Tuesday Evening Series
tonight at 7:30 in the Memorial Au
ditorium.
Dr. Dobby will use a sound movie
to illustrate his talk. He will be in
troduced by Dr. C. Langdon White,
Stanford professor of geography.
Dr. Dobby's career of overseas ex
perience began with studies of Spain
and Portugal which appeared in
British and American periodicals. In
1939 he became a lecturer at Pafflcs
College in Malaya and in 1942 served
with British Intelligence in India.
Dobby is en route to resume his
Avork in Malaya after spending a
year on a lecture tour of American
universities.
At the University of Malaya, he
bccame its first professor of geogra
phy in 1946. He has been a visiting
professor at Yale in the Southeast
Asia studies of the Foreign Areas
Program.
Dobby is also author of the book
"Southeast Asia," which appeared
last September, and has made stud
ies for the Geographical Review, the
Geographical Journal, and Economic
Geography.
Dr. E. H. G. Dobby, British geog
rapher, will speak on "Malaya To
day" at the Tuesday Evening Series
tonight at 7:30 in the Memorial Au
ditorium.
Dr. Dobby will use a sound movie
to illustrate his talk. He will be in
troduced by Dr. C. Langdon White,
Stanford professor of geography.
Dr. Dobby's career of overseas ex
perience began with studies of Spain
and Portugal which appeared in
British and American periodicals. In
1939 he became a lecturer at Pafflcs
College in Malaya and in 1942 served
with British Intelligence in India.
Dobby is en route to resume his
Avork in Malaya after spending a
year on a lecture tour of American
universities.
At the University of Malaya, he
bccame its first professor of geogra
phy in 1946. He has been a visiting
professor at Yale in the Southeast
Asia studies of the Foreign Areas
Program.
Dobby is also author of the book
"Southeast Asia," which appeared
last September, and has made stud
ies for the Geographical Review, the
Geographical Journal, and Economic
Geography.
Dr. E. H. G. Dobby, British geog
rapher, will speak on "Malaya To
day" at the Tuesday Evening Series
tonight at 7:30 in the Memorial Au
ditorium.
Dr. Dobby will use a sound movie
to illustrate his talk. He will be in
troduced by Dr. C. Langdon White,
Stanford professor of geography.
Dr. Dobby's career of overseas ex
perience began with studies of Spain
and Portugal which appeared in
British and American periodicals. In
1939 he became a lecturer at Pafflcs
College in Malaya and in 1942 served
with British Intelligence in India.
Dobby is en route to resume his
Avork in Malaya after spending a
year on a lecture tour of American
universities.
At the University of Malaya, he
bccame its first professor of geogra
phy in 1946. He has been a visiting
professor at Yale in the Southeast
Asia studies of the Foreign Areas
Program.
Dobby is also author of the book
"Southeast Asia," which appeared
last September, and has made stud
ies for the Geographical Review, the
Geographical Journal, and Economic
Geography.
Dr. E. H. G. Dobby, British geog
rapher, will speak on "Malaya To
day" at the Tuesday Evening Series
tonight at 7:30 in the Memorial Au
ditorium.
Dr. Dobby will use a sound movie
to illustrate his talk. He will be in
troduced by Dr. C. Langdon White,
Stanford professor of geography.
Dr. Dobby's career of overseas ex
perience began with studies of Spain
and Portugal which appeared in
British and American periodicals. In
1939 he became a lecturer at Pafflcs
College in Malaya and in 1942 served
with British Intelligence in India.
Dobby is en route to resume his
Avork in Malaya after spending a
year on a lecture tour of American
universities.
At the University of Malaya, he
bccame its first professor of geogra
phy in 1946. He has been a visiting
professor at Yale in the Southeast
Asia studies of the Foreign Areas
Program.
Dobby is also author of the book
"Southeast Asia," which appeared
last September, and has made stud
ies for the Geographical Review, the
Geographical Journal, and Economic
Geography.
Dr. E. H. G. Dobby, British geog
rapher, will speak on "Malaya To
day" at the Tuesday Evening Series
tonight at 7:30 in the Memorial Au
ditorium.
Dr. Dobby will use a sound movie
to illustrate his talk. He will be in
troduced by Dr. C. Langdon White,
Stanford professor of geography.
Dr. Dobby's career of overseas ex
perience began with studies of Spain
and Portugal which appeared in
British and American periodicals. In
1939 he became a lecturer at Pafflcs
College in Malaya and in 1942 served
with British Intelligence in India.
Dobby is en route to resume his
Avork in Malaya after spending a
year on a lecture tour of American
universities.
At the University of Malaya, he
bccame its first professor of geogra
phy in 1946. He has been a visiting
professor at Yale in the Southeast
Asia studies of the Foreign Areas
Program.
Dobby is also author of the book
"Southeast Asia," which appeared
last September, and has made stud
ies for the Geographical Review, the
Geographical Journal, and Economic
Geography.
Dr. E. H. G. Dobby, British geog
rapher, will speak on "Malaya To
day" at the Tuesday Evening Series
tonight at 7:30 in the Memorial Au
ditorium.
Dr. Dobby will use a sound movie
to illustrate his talk. He will be in
troduced by Dr. C. Langdon White,
Stanford professor of geography.
Dr. Dobby's career of overseas ex
perience began with studies of Spain
and Portugal which appeared in
British and American periodicals. In
1939 he became a lecturer at Pafflcs
College in Malaya and in 1942 served
with British Intelligence in India.
Dobby is en route to resume his
Avork in Malaya after spending a
year on a lecture tour of American
universities.
At the University of Malaya, he
bccame its first professor of geogra
phy in 1946. He has been a visiting
professor at Yale in the Southeast
Asia studies of the Foreign Areas
Program.
Dobby is also author of the book
"Southeast Asia," which appeared
last September, and has made stud
ies for the Geographical Review, the
Geographical Journal, and Economic
Geography.
Dr. E. H. G. Dobby, British geog
rapher, will speak on "Malaya To
day" at the Tuesday Evening Series
tonight at 7:30 in the Memorial Au
ditorium.
Dr. Dobby will use a sound movie
to illustrate his talk. He will be in
troduced by Dr. C. Langdon White,
Stanford professor of geography.
Dr. Dobby's career of overseas ex
perience began with studies of Spain
and Portugal which appeared in
British and American periodicals. In
1939 he became a lecturer at Pafflcs
College in Malaya and in 1942 served
with British Intelligence in India.
Dobby is en route to resume his
Avork in Malaya after spending a
year on a lecture tour of American
universities.
At the University of Malaya, he
bccame its first professor of geogra
phy in 1946. He has been a visiting
professor at Yale in the Southeast
Asia studies of the Foreign Areas
Program.
Dobby is also author of the book
"Southeast Asia," which appeared
last September, and has made stud
ies for the Geographical Review, the
Geographical Journal, and Economic
Geography.
Dr. E. H. G. Dobby, British geog
rapher, will speak on "Malaya To
day" at the Tuesday Evening Series
tonight at 7:30 in the Memorial Au
ditorium.
Dr. Dobby will use a sound movie
to illustrate his talk. He will be in
troduced by Dr. C. Langdon White,
Stanford professor of geography.
Dr. Dobby's career of overseas ex
perience began with studies of Spain
and Portugal which appeared in
British and American periodicals. In
1939 he became a lecturer at Pafflcs
College in Malaya and in 1942 served
with British Intelligence in India.
Dobby is en route to resume his
Avork in Malaya after spending a
year on a lecture tour of American
universities.
At the University of Malaya, he
bccame its first professor of geogra
phy in 1946. He has been a visiting
professor at Yale in the Southeast
Asia studies of the Foreign Areas
Program.
Dobby is also author of the book
"Southeast Asia," which appeared
last September, and has made stud
ies for the Geographical Review, the
Geographical Journal, and Economic
Geography.
Dr. E. H. G. Dobby, British geog
rapher, will speak on "Malaya To
day" at the Tuesday Evening Series
tonight at 7:30 in the Memorial Au
ditorium.
Dr. Dobby will use a sound movie
to illustrate his talk. He will be in
troduced by Dr. C. Langdon White,
Stanford professor of geography.
Dr. Dobby's career of overseas ex
perience began with studies of Spain
and Portugal which appeared in
British and American periodicals. In
1939 he became a lecturer at Pafflcs
College in Malaya and in 1942 served
with British Intelligence in India.
Dobby is en route to resume his
Avork in Malaya after spending a
year on a lecture tour of American
universities.
At the University of Malaya, he
bccame its first professor of geogra
phy in 1946. He has been a visiting
professor at Yale in the Southeast
Asia studies of the Foreign Areas
Program.
Dobby is also author of the book
"Southeast Asia," which appeared
last September, and has made stud
ies for the Geographical Review, the
Geographical Journal, and Economic
Geography.
Dr. E. H. G. Dobby, British geog
rapher, will speak on "Malaya To
day" at the Tuesday Evening Series
tonight at 7:30 in the Memorial Au
ditorium.
Dr. Dobby will use a sound movie
to illustrate his talk. He will be in
troduced by Dr. C. Langdon White,
Stanford professor of geography.
Dr. Dobby's career of overseas ex
perience began with studies of Spain
and Portugal which appeared in
British and American periodicals. In
1939 he became a lecturer at Pafflcs
College in Malaya and in 1942 served
with British Intelligence in India.
Dobby is en route to resume his
Avork in Malaya after spending a
year on a lecture tour of American
universities.
At the University of Malaya, he
bccame its first professor of geogra
phy in 1946. He has been a visiting
professor at Yale in the Southeast
Asia studies of the Foreign Areas
Program.
Dobby is also author of the book
"Southeast Asia," which appeared
last September, and has made stud
ies for the Geographical Review, the
Geographical Journal, and Economic
Geography.
Dr. E. H. G. Dobby, British geog
rapher, will speak on "Malaya To
day" at the Tuesday Evening Series
tonight at 7:30 in the Memorial Au
ditorium.
Dr. Dobby will use a sound movie
to illustrate his talk. He will be in
troduced by Dr. C. Langdon White,
Stanford professor of geography.
Dr. Dobby's career of overseas ex
perience began with studies of Spain
and Portugal which appeared in
British and American periodicals. In
1939 he became a lecturer at Pafflcs
College in Malaya and in 1942 served
with British Intelligence in India.
Dobby is en route to resume his
Avork in Malaya after spending a
year on a lecture tour of American
universities.
At the University of Malaya, he
bccame its first professor of geogra
phy in 1946. He has been a visiting
professor at Yale in the Southeast
Asia studies of the Foreign Areas
Program.
Dobby is also author of the book
"Southeast Asia," which appeared
last September, and has made stud
ies for the Geographical Review, the
Geographical Journal, and Economic
Geography.
