# Wilbur to Speak At Movie Showing
## 
### 
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will
speak Monday night at 8 o'clock in
the Education Auditorium, at a
showing of color movies taken of
Harry W. Maloney's class in physical
education.
The class, now in its 21st year
under the Farm's minor sports di
rector, has been a training ground
for many future greats. The pictures
to be shown Monday were taken last
year. The public is invited.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will
speak Monday night at 8 o'clock in
the Education Auditorium, at a
showing of color movies taken of
Harry W. Maloney's class in physical
education.
The class, now in its 21st year
under the Farm's minor sports di
rector, has been a training ground
for many future greats. The pictures
to be shown Monday were taken last
year. The public is invited.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will
speak Monday night at 8 o'clock in
the Education Auditorium, at a
showing of color movies taken of
Harry W. Maloney's class in physical
education.
The class, now in its 21st year
under the Farm's minor sports di
rector, has been a training ground
for many future greats. The pictures
to be shown Monday were taken last
year. The public is invited.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will
speak Monday night at 8 o'clock in
the Education Auditorium, at a
showing of color movies taken of
Harry W. Maloney's class in physical
education.
The class, now in its 21st year
under the Farm's minor sports di
rector, has been a training ground
for many future greats. The pictures
to be shown Monday were taken last
year. The public is invited.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will
speak Monday night at 8 o'clock in
the Education Auditorium, at a
showing of color movies taken of
Harry W. Maloney's class in physical
education.
The class, now in its 21st year
under the Farm's minor sports di
rector, has been a training ground
for many future greats. The pictures
to be shown Monday were taken last
year. The public is invited.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will
speak Monday night at 8 o'clock in
the Education Auditorium, at a
showing of color movies taken of
Harry W. Maloney's class in physical
education.
The class, now in its 21st year
under the Farm's minor sports di
rector, has been a training ground
for many future greats. The pictures
to be shown Monday were taken last
year. The public is invited.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will
speak Monday night at 8 o'clock in
the Education Auditorium, at a
showing of color movies taken of
Harry W. Maloney's class in physical
education.
The class, now in its 21st year
under the Farm's minor sports di
rector, has been a training ground
for many future greats. The pictures
to be shown Monday were taken last
year. The public is invited.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will
speak Monday night at 8 o'clock in
the Education Auditorium, at a
showing of color movies taken of
Harry W. Maloney's class in physical
education.
The class, now in its 21st year
under the Farm's minor sports di
rector, has been a training ground
for many future greats. The pictures
to be shown Monday were taken last
year. The public is invited.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will
speak Monday night at 8 o'clock in
the Education Auditorium, at a
showing of color movies taken of
Harry W. Maloney's class in physical
education.
The class, now in its 21st year
under the Farm's minor sports di
rector, has been a training ground
for many future greats. The pictures
to be shown Monday were taken last
year. The public is invited.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will
speak Monday night at 8 o'clock in
the Education Auditorium, at a
showing of color movies taken of
Harry W. Maloney's class in physical
education.
The class, now in its 21st year
under the Farm's minor sports di
rector, has been a training ground
for many future greats. The pictures
to be shown Monday were taken last
year. The public is invited.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will
speak Monday night at 8 o'clock in
the Education Auditorium, at a
showing of color movies taken of
Harry W. Maloney's class in physical
education.
The class, now in its 21st year
under the Farm's minor sports di
rector, has been a training ground
for many future greats. The pictures
to be shown Monday were taken last
year. The public is invited.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will
speak Monday night at 8 o'clock in
the Education Auditorium, at a
showing of color movies taken of
Harry W. Maloney's class in physical
education.
The class, now in its 21st year
under the Farm's minor sports di
rector, has been a training ground
for many future greats. The pictures
to be shown Monday were taken last
year. The public is invited.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will
speak Monday night at 8 o'clock in
the Education Auditorium, at a
showing of color movies taken of
Harry W. Maloney's class in physical
education.
The class, now in its 21st year
under the Farm's minor sports di
rector, has been a training ground
for many future greats. The pictures
to be shown Monday were taken last
year. The public is invited.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will
speak Monday night at 8 o'clock in
the Education Auditorium, at a
showing of color movies taken of
Harry W. Maloney's class in physical
education.
The class, now in its 21st year
under the Farm's minor sports di
rector, has been a training ground
for many future greats. The pictures
to be shown Monday were taken last
year. The public is invited.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will
speak Monday night at 8 o'clock in
the Education Auditorium, at a
showing of color movies taken of
Harry W. Maloney's class in physical
education.
The class, now in its 21st year
under the Farm's minor sports di
rector, has been a training ground
for many future greats. The pictures
to be shown Monday were taken last
year. The public is invited.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will
speak Monday night at 8 o'clock in
the Education Auditorium, at a
showing of color movies taken of
Harry W. Maloney's class in physical
education.
The class, now in its 21st year
under the Farm's minor sports di
rector, has been a training ground
for many future greats. The pictures
to be shown Monday were taken last
year. The public is invited.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will
speak Monday night at 8 o'clock in
the Education Auditorium, at a
showing of color movies taken of
Harry W. Maloney's class in physical
education.
The class, now in its 21st year
under the Farm's minor sports di
rector, has been a training ground
for many future greats. The pictures
to be shown Monday were taken last
year. The public is invited.
