# Engineering Heads Feted At Luncheon
## Westinghouse Men Inspect Ryan Lab, Chapel, Theaters 
### 
A delegation of Westinghouse ex
ecutives, headed by A. W. Robert
son, chairman of the board of direc
tors, visited the University campus
yesterday and attended a luncheon
in their honor sponsored by the ad
ministration.
The executives visited the Ryan
Laboratory after the luncheon; wit
nessed a demonstration of the klys
tron, the physics department's ultra
short-wave sending apparatus; and
toured the Chapel, the Frost Amphi
theater, and Memorial Hall.
Speaking for his corporation, Mr.
Robertson pointed out the strong in
terest of industry in education, both
as to research and for possible fu
ture leaders of industry. He gave a
brief report of the first three years
of the George Westinghouse Founda
tion, a plan by which the company
starts ten students each year on a
five-year course at Carnegie Tech.
HEADS TOUR SCHOOLS
The Westinghouse offiicals are on
the West Coast for a tour of cen
ters of education and the Pacific
Coast Division of their company.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur ex
pressed appreciation for electrical
research equipment which Westing
house has donated in the past, and
pointed out the vital part electrical
research and industry has played in
America during the past 40 years.
"Oui country has been built by men
who had honorable attitudes of pub
lic service, though they were in
private business," he declared.
Equipment donated by Westing
house has included instruments val
ued at $13,500, in 1926 and 1927, to
be the electrical engineering de
partment; two turbo - generators
valued at $4,000. to the mechanical
engineering department, in 1938; and
a high tension transformer valued at
$200, to the physics department in
1938.
COMPANY CO-OPERATES
J. Hugh Jackson, acting comp
troller and dean of the Graduate
School of Business, commented upon
the co-operation of the company in
the survey of management con
ducted by the business school during
the past year.
Present at the meeting, besides
prominent Stanford faculty mem
bers, were Mr. Robertson, Ralph
Kelly, vice-president in charge of
sales; Marvin Smith, vice-president
in charge of engineering; L. W. Ly
ons, treasurer; G. Edward Pemdray,
assistant to the president; Andrew
W. Phelps, director of purchasing
and transportation; A. W. Copley,
Pacific Coast district engineering
manager; Chas. A. Dostal, Pacific
Coast district manager; and David
Livingston, San Francisco attorney
for Westinghouse.
A delegation of Westinghouse ex
ecutives, headed by A. W. Robert
son, chairman of the board of direc
tors, visited the University campus
yesterday and attended a luncheon
in their honor sponsored by the ad
ministration.
The executives visited the Ryan
Laboratory after the luncheon; wit
nessed a demonstration of the klys
tron, the physics department's ultra
short-wave sending apparatus; and
toured the Chapel, the Frost Amphi
theater, and Memorial Hall.
Speaking for his corporation, Mr.
Robertson pointed out the strong in
terest of industry in education, both
as to research and for possible fu
ture leaders of industry. He gave a
brief report of the first three years
of the George Westinghouse Founda
tion, a plan by which the company
starts ten students each year on a
five-year course at Carnegie Tech.
HEADS TOUR SCHOOLS
The Westinghouse offiicals are on
the West Coast for a tour of cen
ters of education and the Pacific
Coast Division of their company.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur ex
pressed appreciation for electrical
research equipment which Westing
house has donated in the past, and
pointed out the vital part electrical
research and industry has played in
America during the past 40 years.
"Oui country has been built by men
who had honorable attitudes of pub
lic service, though they were in
private business," he declared.
Equipment donated by Westing
house has included instruments val
ued at $13,500, in 1926 and 1927, to
be the electrical engineering de
partment; two turbo - generators
valued at $4,000. to the mechanical
engineering department, in 1938; and
a high tension transformer valued at
$200, to the physics department in
1938.
COMPANY CO-OPERATES
J. Hugh Jackson, acting comp
troller and dean of the Graduate
School of Business, commented upon
the co-operation of the company in
the survey of management con
ducted by the business school during
the past year.
Present at the meeting, besides
prominent Stanford faculty mem
bers, were Mr. Robertson, Ralph
Kelly, vice-president in charge of
sales; Marvin Smith, vice-president
in charge of engineering; L. W. Ly
ons, treasurer; G. Edward Pemdray,
assistant to the president; Andrew
W. Phelps, director of purchasing
and transportation; A. W. Copley,
Pacific Coast district engineering
manager; Chas. A. Dostal, Pacific
Coast district manager; and David
Livingston, San Francisco attorney
for Westinghouse.
A delegation of Westinghouse ex
ecutives, headed by A. W. Robert
son, chairman of the board of direc
tors, visited the University campus
yesterday and attended a luncheon
in their honor sponsored by the ad
ministration.
The executives visited the Ryan
Laboratory after the luncheon; wit
nessed a demonstration of the klys
tron, the physics department's ultra
short-wave sending apparatus; and
toured the Chapel, the Frost Amphi
theater, and Memorial Hall.
Speaking for his corporation, Mr.
Robertson pointed out the strong in
terest of industry in education, both
as to research and for possible fu
ture leaders of industry. He gave a
brief report of the first three years
of the George Westinghouse Founda
tion, a plan by which the company
starts ten students each year on a
five-year course at Carnegie Tech.
HEADS TOUR SCHOOLS
The Westinghouse offiicals are on
the West Coast for a tour of cen
ters of education and the Pacific
Coast Division of their company.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur ex
pressed appreciation for electrical
research equipment which Westing
house has donated in the past, and
pointed out the vital part electrical
research and industry has played in
America during the past 40 years.
"Oui country has been built by men
who had honorable attitudes of pub
lic service, though they were in
private business," he declared.
Equipment donated by Westing
house has included instruments val
ued at $13,500, in 1926 and 1927, to
be the electrical engineering de
partment; two turbo - generators
valued at $4,000. to the mechanical
engineering department, in 1938; and
a high tension transformer valued at
$200, to the physics department in
1938.
COMPANY CO-OPERATES
J. Hugh Jackson, acting comp
troller and dean of the Graduate
School of Business, commented upon
the co-operation of the company in
the survey of management con
ducted by the business school during
the past year.
Present at the meeting, besides
prominent Stanford faculty mem
bers, were Mr. Robertson, Ralph
Kelly, vice-president in charge of
sales; Marvin Smith, vice-president
in charge of engineering; L. W. Ly
ons, treasurer; G. Edward Pemdray,
assistant to the president; Andrew
W. Phelps, director of purchasing
and transportation; A. W. Copley,
Pacific Coast district engineering
manager; Chas. A. Dostal, Pacific
Coast district manager; and David
Livingston, San Francisco attorney
for Westinghouse.
A delegation of Westinghouse ex
ecutives, headed by A. W. Robert
son, chairman of the board of direc
tors, visited the University campus
yesterday and attended a luncheon
in their honor sponsored by the ad
ministration.
The executives visited the Ryan
Laboratory after the luncheon; wit
nessed a demonstration of the klys
tron, the physics department's ultra
short-wave sending apparatus; and
toured the Chapel, the Frost Amphi
theater, and Memorial Hall.
Speaking for his corporation, Mr.
Robertson pointed out the strong in
terest of industry in education, both
as to research and for possible fu
ture leaders of industry. He gave a
brief report of the first three years
of the George Westinghouse Founda
tion, a plan by which the company
starts ten students each year on a
five-year course at Carnegie Tech.
HEADS TOUR SCHOOLS
The Westinghouse offiicals are on
the West Coast for a tour of cen
ters of education and the Pacific
Coast Division of their company.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur ex
pressed appreciation for electrical
research equipment which Westing
house has donated in the past, and
pointed out the vital part electrical
research and industry has played in
America during the past 40 years.
"Oui country has been built by men
who had honorable attitudes of pub
lic service, though they were in
private business," he declared.
Equipment donated by Westing
house has included instruments val
ued at $13,500, in 1926 and 1927, to
be the electrical engineering de
partment; two turbo - generators
valued at $4,000. to the mechanical
engineering department, in 1938; and
a high tension transformer valued at
$200, to the physics department in
1938.
COMPANY CO-OPERATES
J. Hugh Jackson, acting comp
troller and dean of the Graduate
School of Business, commented upon
the co-operation of the company in
the survey of management con
ducted by the business school during
the past year.
Present at the meeting, besides
prominent Stanford faculty mem
bers, were Mr. Robertson, Ralph
Kelly, vice-president in charge of
sales; Marvin Smith, vice-president
in charge of engineering; L. W. Ly
ons, treasurer; G. Edward Pemdray,
assistant to the president; Andrew
W. Phelps, director of purchasing
and transportation; A. W. Copley,
Pacific Coast district engineering
manager; Chas. A. Dostal, Pacific
Coast district manager; and David
Livingston, San Francisco attorney
for Westinghouse.
A delegation of Westinghouse ex
ecutives, headed by A. W. Robert
son, chairman of the board of direc
tors, visited the University campus
yesterday and attended a luncheon
in their honor sponsored by the ad
ministration.
The executives visited the Ryan
Laboratory after the luncheon; wit
nessed a demonstration of the klys
tron, the physics department's ultra
short-wave sending apparatus; and
toured the Chapel, the Frost Amphi
theater, and Memorial Hall.
Speaking for his corporation, Mr.
Robertson pointed out the strong in
terest of industry in education, both
as to research and for possible fu
ture leaders of industry. He gave a
brief report of the first three years
of the George Westinghouse Founda
tion, a plan by which the company
starts ten students each year on a
five-year course at Carnegie Tech.
HEADS TOUR SCHOOLS
The Westinghouse offiicals are on
the West Coast for a tour of cen
ters of education and the Pacific
Coast Division of their company.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur ex
pressed appreciation for electrical
research equipment which Westing
house has donated in the past, and
pointed out the vital part electrical
research and industry has played in
America during the past 40 years.
"Oui country has been built by men
who had honorable attitudes of pub
lic service, though they were in
private business," he declared.
Equipment donated by Westing
house has included instruments val
ued at $13,500, in 1926 and 1927, to
be the electrical engineering de
partment; two turbo - generators
valued at $4,000. to the mechanical
engineering department, in 1938; and
a high tension transformer valued at
$200, to the physics department in
1938.
COMPANY CO-OPERATES
J. Hugh Jackson, acting comp
troller and dean of the Graduate
School of Business, commented upon
the co-operation of the company in
the survey of management con
ducted by the business school during
the past year.
Present at the meeting, besides
prominent Stanford faculty mem
bers, were Mr. Robertson, Ralph
Kelly, vice-president in charge of
sales; Marvin Smith, vice-president
in charge of engineering; L. W. Ly
ons, treasurer; G. Edward Pemdray,
assistant to the president; Andrew
W. Phelps, director of purchasing
and transportation; A. W. Copley,
Pacific Coast district engineering
manager; Chas. A. Dostal, Pacific
Coast district manager; and David
Livingston, San Francisco attorney
for Westinghouse.
A delegation of Westinghouse ex
ecutives, headed by A. W. Robert
son, chairman of the board of direc
tors, visited the University campus
yesterday and attended a luncheon
in their honor sponsored by the ad
ministration.
The executives visited the Ryan
Laboratory after the luncheon; wit
nessed a demonstration of the klys
tron, the physics department's ultra
short-wave sending apparatus; and
toured the Chapel, the Frost Amphi
theater, and Memorial Hall.
Speaking for his corporation, Mr.
Robertson pointed out the strong in
terest of industry in education, both
as to research and for possible fu
ture leaders of industry. He gave a
brief report of the first three years
of the George Westinghouse Founda
tion, a plan by which the company
starts ten students each year on a
five-year course at Carnegie Tech.
HEADS TOUR SCHOOLS
The Westinghouse offiicals are on
the West Coast for a tour of cen
ters of education and the Pacific
Coast Division of their company.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur ex
pressed appreciation for electrical
research equipment which Westing
house has donated in the past, and
pointed out the vital part electrical
research and industry has played in
America during the past 40 years.
"Oui country has been built by men
who had honorable attitudes of pub
lic service, though they were in
private business," he declared.
Equipment donated by Westing
house has included instruments val
ued at $13,500, in 1926 and 1927, to
be the electrical engineering de
partment; two turbo - generators
valued at $4,000. to the mechanical
engineering department, in 1938; and
a high tension transformer valued at
$200, to the physics department in
1938.
COMPANY CO-OPERATES
J. Hugh Jackson, acting comp
troller and dean of the Graduate
School of Business, commented upon
the co-operation of the company in
the survey of management con
ducted by the business school during
the past year.
Present at the meeting, besides
prominent Stanford faculty mem
bers, were Mr. Robertson, Ralph
Kelly, vice-president in charge of
sales; Marvin Smith, vice-president
in charge of engineering; L. W. Ly
ons, treasurer; G. Edward Pemdray,
assistant to the president; Andrew
W. Phelps, director of purchasing
and transportation; A. W. Copley,
Pacific Coast district engineering
manager; Chas. A. Dostal, Pacific
Coast district manager; and David
Livingston, San Francisco attorney
for Westinghouse.
A delegation of Westinghouse ex
ecutives, headed by A. W. Robert
son, chairman of the board of direc
tors, visited the University campus
yesterday and attended a luncheon
in their honor sponsored by the ad
ministration.
The executives visited the Ryan
Laboratory after the luncheon; wit
nessed a demonstration of the klys
tron, the physics department's ultra
short-wave sending apparatus; and
toured the Chapel, the Frost Amphi
theater, and Memorial Hall.
Speaking for his corporation, Mr.
Robertson pointed out the strong in
terest of industry in education, both
as to research and for possible fu
ture leaders of industry. He gave a
brief report of the first three years
of the George Westinghouse Founda
tion, a plan by which the company
starts ten students each year on a
five-year course at Carnegie Tech.
HEADS TOUR SCHOOLS
The Westinghouse offiicals are on
the West Coast for a tour of cen
ters of education and the Pacific
Coast Division of their company.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur ex
pressed appreciation for electrical
research equipment which Westing
house has donated in the past, and
pointed out the vital part electrical
research and industry has played in
America during the past 40 years.
"Oui country has been built by men
who had honorable attitudes of pub
lic service, though they were in
private business," he declared.
Equipment donated by Westing
house has included instruments val
ued at $13,500, in 1926 and 1927, to
be the electrical engineering de
partment; two turbo - generators
valued at $4,000. to the mechanical
engineering department, in 1938; and
a high tension transformer valued at
$200, to the physics department in
1938.
COMPANY CO-OPERATES
J. Hugh Jackson, acting comp
troller and dean of the Graduate
School of Business, commented upon
the co-operation of the company in
the survey of management con
ducted by the business school during
the past year.
Present at the meeting, besides
prominent Stanford faculty mem
bers, were Mr. Robertson, Ralph
Kelly, vice-president in charge of
sales; Marvin Smith, vice-president
in charge of engineering; L. W. Ly
ons, treasurer; G. Edward Pemdray,
assistant to the president; Andrew
W. Phelps, director of purchasing
and transportation; A. W. Copley,
Pacific Coast district engineering
manager; Chas. A. Dostal, Pacific
Coast district manager; and David
Livingston, San Francisco attorney
for Westinghouse.
A delegation of Westinghouse ex
ecutives, headed by A. W. Robert
son, chairman of the board of direc
tors, visited the University campus
yesterday and attended a luncheon
in their honor sponsored by the ad
ministration.
The executives visited the Ryan
Laboratory after the luncheon; wit
nessed a demonstration of the klys
tron, the physics department's ultra
short-wave sending apparatus; and
toured the Chapel, the Frost Amphi
theater, and Memorial Hall.
Speaking for his corporation, Mr.
Robertson pointed out the strong in
terest of industry in education, both
as to research and for possible fu
ture leaders of industry. He gave a
brief report of the first three years
of the George Westinghouse Founda
tion, a plan by which the company
starts ten students each year on a
five-year course at Carnegie Tech.
HEADS TOUR SCHOOLS
The Westinghouse offiicals are on
the West Coast for a tour of cen
ters of education and the Pacific
Coast Division of their company.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur ex
pressed appreciation for electrical
research equipment which Westing
house has donated in the past, and
pointed out the vital part electrical
research and industry has played in
America during the past 40 years.
"Oui country has been built by men
who had honorable attitudes of pub
lic service, though they were in
private business," he declared.
Equipment donated by Westing
house has included instruments val
ued at $13,500, in 1926 and 1927, to
be the electrical engineering de
partment; two turbo - generators
valued at $4,000. to the mechanical
engineering department, in 1938; and
a high tension transformer valued at
$200, to the physics department in
1938.
COMPANY CO-OPERATES
J. Hugh Jackson, acting comp
troller and dean of the Graduate
School of Business, commented upon
the co-operation of the company in
the survey of management con
ducted by the business school during
the past year.
Present at the meeting, besides
prominent Stanford faculty mem
bers, were Mr. Robertson, Ralph
Kelly, vice-president in charge of
sales; Marvin Smith, vice-president
in charge of engineering; L. W. Ly
ons, treasurer; G. Edward Pemdray,
assistant to the president; Andrew
W. Phelps, director of purchasing
and transportation; A. W. Copley,
Pacific Coast district engineering
manager; Chas. A. Dostal, Pacific
Coast district manager; and David
Livingston, San Francisco attorney
for Westinghouse.
A delegation of Westinghouse ex
ecutives, headed by A. W. Robert
son, chairman of the board of direc
tors, visited the University campus
yesterday and attended a luncheon
in their honor sponsored by the ad
ministration.
The executives visited the Ryan
Laboratory after the luncheon; wit
nessed a demonstration of the klys
tron, the physics department's ultra
short-wave sending apparatus; and
toured the Chapel, the Frost Amphi
theater, and Memorial Hall.
Speaking for his corporation, Mr.
Robertson pointed out the strong in
terest of industry in education, both
as to research and for possible fu
ture leaders of industry. He gave a
brief report of the first three years
of the George Westinghouse Founda
tion, a plan by which the company
starts ten students each year on a
five-year course at Carnegie Tech.
HEADS TOUR SCHOOLS
The Westinghouse offiicals are on
the West Coast for a tour of cen
ters of education and the Pacific
Coast Division of their company.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur ex
pressed appreciation for electrical
research equipment which Westing
house has donated in the past, and
pointed out the vital part electrical
research and industry has played in
America during the past 40 years.
"Oui country has been built by men
who had honorable attitudes of pub
lic service, though they were in
private business," he declared.
Equipment donated by Westing
house has included instruments val
ued at $13,500, in 1926 and 1927, to
be the electrical engineering de
partment; two turbo - generators
valued at $4,000. to the mechanical
engineering department, in 1938; and
a high tension transformer valued at
$200, to the physics department in
1938.
COMPANY CO-OPERATES
J. Hugh Jackson, acting comp
troller and dean of the Graduate
School of Business, commented upon
the co-operation of the company in
the survey of management con
ducted by the business school during
the past year.
Present at the meeting, besides
prominent Stanford faculty mem
bers, were Mr. Robertson, Ralph
Kelly, vice-president in charge of
sales; Marvin Smith, vice-president
in charge of engineering; L. W. Ly
ons, treasurer; G. Edward Pemdray,
assistant to the president; Andrew
W. Phelps, director of purchasing
and transportation; A. W. Copley,
Pacific Coast district engineering
manager; Chas. A. Dostal, Pacific
Coast district manager; and David
Livingston, San Francisco attorney
for Westinghouse.
A delegation of Westinghouse ex
ecutives, headed by A. W. Robert
son, chairman of the board of direc
tors, visited the University campus
yesterday and attended a luncheon
in their honor sponsored by the ad
ministration.
The executives visited the Ryan
Laboratory after the luncheon; wit
nessed a demonstration of the klys
tron, the physics department's ultra
short-wave sending apparatus; and
toured the Chapel, the Frost Amphi
theater, and Memorial Hall.
Speaking for his corporation, Mr.
Robertson pointed out the strong in
terest of industry in education, both
as to research and for possible fu
ture leaders of industry. He gave a
brief report of the first three years
of the George Westinghouse Founda
tion, a plan by which the company
starts ten students each year on a
five-year course at Carnegie Tech.
HEADS TOUR SCHOOLS
The Westinghouse offiicals are on
the West Coast for a tour of cen
ters of education and the Pacific
Coast Division of their company.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur ex
pressed appreciation for electrical
research equipment which Westing
house has donated in the past, and
pointed out the vital part electrical
research and industry has played in
America during the past 40 years.
"Oui country has been built by men
who had honorable attitudes of pub
lic service, though they were in
private business," he declared.
Equipment donated by Westing
house has included instruments val
ued at $13,500, in 1926 and 1927, to
be the electrical engineering de
partment; two turbo - generators
valued at $4,000. to the mechanical
engineering department, in 1938; and
a high tension transformer valued at
$200, to the physics department in
1938.
COMPANY CO-OPERATES
J. Hugh Jackson, acting comp
troller and dean of the Graduate
School of Business, commented upon
the co-operation of the company in
the survey of management con
ducted by the business school during
the past year.
Present at the meeting, besides
prominent Stanford faculty mem
bers, were Mr. Robertson, Ralph
Kelly, vice-president in charge of
sales; Marvin Smith, vice-president
in charge of engineering; L. W. Ly
ons, treasurer; G. Edward Pemdray,
assistant to the president; Andrew
W. Phelps, director of purchasing
and transportation; A. W. Copley,
Pacific Coast district engineering
manager; Chas. A. Dostal, Pacific
Coast district manager; and David
Livingston, San Francisco attorney
for Westinghouse.
A delegation of Westinghouse ex
ecutives, headed by A. W. Robert
son, chairman of the board of direc
tors, visited the University campus
yesterday and attended a luncheon
in their honor sponsored by the ad
ministration.
The executives visited the Ryan
Laboratory after the luncheon; wit
nessed a demonstration of the klys
tron, the physics department's ultra
short-wave sending apparatus; and
toured the Chapel, the Frost Amphi
theater, and Memorial Hall.
Speaking for his corporation, Mr.
Robertson pointed out the strong in
terest of industry in education, both
as to research and for possible fu
ture leaders of industry. He gave a
brief report of the first three years
of the George Westinghouse Founda
tion, a plan by which the company
starts ten students each year on a
five-year course at Carnegie Tech.
HEADS TOUR SCHOOLS
The Westinghouse offiicals are on
the West Coast for a tour of cen
ters of education and the Pacific
Coast Division of their company.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur ex
pressed appreciation for electrical
research equipment which Westing
house has donated in the past, and
pointed out the vital part electrical
research and industry has played in
America during the past 40 years.
"Oui country has been built by men
who had honorable attitudes of pub
lic service, though they were in
private business," he declared.
Equipment donated by Westing
house has included instruments val
ued at $13,500, in 1926 and 1927, to
be the electrical engineering de
partment; two turbo - generators
valued at $4,000. to the mechanical
engineering department, in 1938; and
a high tension transformer valued at
$200, to the physics department in
1938.
COMPANY CO-OPERATES
J. Hugh Jackson, acting comp
troller and dean of the Graduate
School of Business, commented upon
the co-operation of the company in
the survey of management con
ducted by the business school during
the past year.
Present at the meeting, besides
prominent Stanford faculty mem
bers, were Mr. Robertson, Ralph
Kelly, vice-president in charge of
sales; Marvin Smith, vice-president
in charge of engineering; L. W. Ly
ons, treasurer; G. Edward Pemdray,
assistant to the president; Andrew
W. Phelps, director of purchasing
and transportation; A. W. Copley,
Pacific Coast district engineering
manager; Chas. A. Dostal, Pacific
Coast district manager; and David
Livingston, San Francisco attorney
for Westinghouse.
A delegation of Westinghouse ex
ecutives, headed by A. W. Robert
son, chairman of the board of direc
tors, visited the University campus
yesterday and attended a luncheon
in their honor sponsored by the ad
ministration.
The executives visited the Ryan
Laboratory after the luncheon; wit
nessed a demonstration of the klys
tron, the physics department's ultra
short-wave sending apparatus; and
toured the Chapel, the Frost Amphi
theater, and Memorial Hall.
Speaking for his corporation, Mr.
Robertson pointed out the strong in
terest of industry in education, both
as to research and for possible fu
ture leaders of industry. He gave a
brief report of the first three years
of the George Westinghouse Founda
tion, a plan by which the company
starts ten students each year on a
five-year course at Carnegie Tech.
HEADS TOUR SCHOOLS
The Westinghouse offiicals are on
the West Coast for a tour of cen
ters of education and the Pacific
Coast Division of their company.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur ex
pressed appreciation for electrical
research equipment which Westing
house has donated in the past, and
pointed out the vital part electrical
research and industry has played in
America during the past 40 years.
"Oui country has been built by men
who had honorable attitudes of pub
lic service, though they were in
private business," he declared.
Equipment donated by Westing
house has included instruments val
ued at $13,500, in 1926 and 1927, to
be the electrical engineering de
partment; two turbo - generators
valued at $4,000. to the mechanical
engineering department, in 1938; and
a high tension transformer valued at
$200, to the physics department in
1938.
COMPANY CO-OPERATES
J. Hugh Jackson, acting comp
troller and dean of the Graduate
School of Business, commented upon
the co-operation of the company in
the survey of management con
ducted by the business school during
the past year.
Present at the meeting, besides
prominent Stanford faculty mem
bers, were Mr. Robertson, Ralph
Kelly, vice-president in charge of
sales; Marvin Smith, vice-president
in charge of engineering; L. W. Ly
ons, treasurer; G. Edward Pemdray,
assistant to the president; Andrew
W. Phelps, director of purchasing
and transportation; A. W. Copley,
Pacific Coast district engineering
manager; Chas. A. Dostal, Pacific
Coast district manager; and David
Livingston, San Francisco attorney
for Westinghouse.
A delegation of Westinghouse ex
ecutives, headed by A. W. Robert
son, chairman of the board of direc
tors, visited the University campus
yesterday and attended a luncheon
in their honor sponsored by the ad
ministration.
The executives visited the Ryan
Laboratory after the luncheon; wit
nessed a demonstration of the klys
tron, the physics department's ultra
short-wave sending apparatus; and
toured the Chapel, the Frost Amphi
theater, and Memorial Hall.
Speaking for his corporation, Mr.
Robertson pointed out the strong in
terest of industry in education, both
as to research and for possible fu
ture leaders of industry. He gave a
brief report of the first three years
of the George Westinghouse Founda
tion, a plan by which the company
starts ten students each year on a
five-year course at Carnegie Tech.
HEADS TOUR SCHOOLS
The Westinghouse offiicals are on
the West Coast for a tour of cen
ters of education and the Pacific
Coast Division of their company.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur ex
pressed appreciation for electrical
research equipment which Westing
house has donated in the past, and
pointed out the vital part electrical
research and industry has played in
America during the past 40 years.
"Oui country has been built by men
who had honorable attitudes of pub
lic service, though they were in
private business," he declared.
Equipment donated by Westing
house has included instruments val
ued at $13,500, in 1926 and 1927, to
be the electrical engineering de
partment; two turbo - generators
valued at $4,000. to the mechanical
engineering department, in 1938; and
a high tension transformer valued at
$200, to the physics department in
1938.
COMPANY CO-OPERATES
J. Hugh Jackson, acting comp
troller and dean of the Graduate
School of Business, commented upon
the co-operation of the company in
the survey of management con
ducted by the business school during
the past year.
Present at the meeting, besides
prominent Stanford faculty mem
bers, were Mr. Robertson, Ralph
Kelly, vice-president in charge of
sales; Marvin Smith, vice-president
in charge of engineering; L. W. Ly
ons, treasurer; G. Edward Pemdray,
assistant to the president; Andrew
W. Phelps, director of purchasing
and transportation; A. W. Copley,
Pacific Coast district engineering
manager; Chas. A. Dostal, Pacific
Coast district manager; and David
Livingston, San Francisco attorney
for Westinghouse.
A delegation of Westinghouse ex
ecutives, headed by A. W. Robert
son, chairman of the board of direc
tors, visited the University campus
yesterday and attended a luncheon
in their honor sponsored by the ad
ministration.
The executives visited the Ryan
Laboratory after the luncheon; wit
nessed a demonstration of the klys
tron, the physics department's ultra
short-wave sending apparatus; and
toured the Chapel, the Frost Amphi
theater, and Memorial Hall.
Speaking for his corporation, Mr.
Robertson pointed out the strong in
terest of industry in education, both
as to research and for possible fu
ture leaders of industry. He gave a
brief report of the first three years
of the George Westinghouse Founda
tion, a plan by which the company
starts ten students each year on a
five-year course at Carnegie Tech.
HEADS TOUR SCHOOLS
The Westinghouse offiicals are on
the West Coast for a tour of cen
ters of education and the Pacific
Coast Division of their company.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur ex
pressed appreciation for electrical
research equipment which Westing
house has donated in the past, and
pointed out the vital part electrical
research and industry has played in
America during the past 40 years.
"Oui country has been built by men
who had honorable attitudes of pub
lic service, though they were in
private business," he declared.
Equipment donated by Westing
house has included instruments val
ued at $13,500, in 1926 and 1927, to
be the electrical engineering de
partment; two turbo - generators
valued at $4,000. to the mechanical
engineering department, in 1938; and
a high tension transformer valued at
$200, to the physics department in
1938.
COMPANY CO-OPERATES
J. Hugh Jackson, acting comp
troller and dean of the Graduate
School of Business, commented upon
the co-operation of the company in
the survey of management con
ducted by the business school during
the past year.
Present at the meeting, besides
prominent Stanford faculty mem
bers, were Mr. Robertson, Ralph
Kelly, vice-president in charge of
sales; Marvin Smith, vice-president
in charge of engineering; L. W. Ly
ons, treasurer; G. Edward Pemdray,
assistant to the president; Andrew
W. Phelps, director of purchasing
and transportation; A. W. Copley,
Pacific Coast district engineering
manager; Chas. A. Dostal, Pacific
Coast district manager; and David
Livingston, San Francisco attorney
for Westinghouse.
A delegation of Westinghouse ex
ecutives, headed by A. W. Robert
son, chairman of the board of direc
tors, visited the University campus
yesterday and attended a luncheon
in their honor sponsored by the ad
ministration.
The executives visited the Ryan
Laboratory after the luncheon; wit
nessed a demonstration of the klys
tron, the physics department's ultra
short-wave sending apparatus; and
toured the Chapel, the Frost Amphi
theater, and Memorial Hall.
Speaking for his corporation, Mr.
Robertson pointed out the strong in
terest of industry in education, both
as to research and for possible fu
ture leaders of industry. He gave a
brief report of the first three years
of the George Westinghouse Founda
tion, a plan by which the company
starts ten students each year on a
five-year course at Carnegie Tech.
HEADS TOUR SCHOOLS
The Westinghouse offiicals are on
the West Coast for a tour of cen
ters of education and the Pacific
Coast Division of their company.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur ex
pressed appreciation for electrical
research equipment which Westing
house has donated in the past, and
pointed out the vital part electrical
research and industry has played in
America during the past 40 years.
"Oui country has been built by men
who had honorable attitudes of pub
lic service, though they were in
private business," he declared.
Equipment donated by Westing
house has included instruments val
ued at $13,500, in 1926 and 1927, to
be the electrical engineering de
partment; two turbo - generators
valued at $4,000. to the mechanical
engineering department, in 1938; and
a high tension transformer valued at
$200, to the physics department in
1938.
COMPANY CO-OPERATES
J. Hugh Jackson, acting comp
troller and dean of the Graduate
School of Business, commented upon
the co-operation of the company in
the survey of management con
ducted by the business school during
the past year.
Present at the meeting, besides
prominent Stanford faculty mem
bers, were Mr. Robertson, Ralph
Kelly, vice-president in charge of
sales; Marvin Smith, vice-president
in charge of engineering; L. W. Ly
ons, treasurer; G. Edward Pemdray,
assistant to the president; Andrew
W. Phelps, director of purchasing
and transportation; A. W. Copley,
Pacific Coast district engineering
manager; Chas. A. Dostal, Pacific
Coast district manager; and David
Livingston, San Francisco attorney
for Westinghouse.
A delegation of Westinghouse ex
ecutives, headed by A. W. Robert
son, chairman of the board of direc
tors, visited the University campus
yesterday and attended a luncheon
in their honor sponsored by the ad
ministration.
The executives visited the Ryan
Laboratory after the luncheon; wit
nessed a demonstration of the klys
tron, the physics department's ultra
short-wave sending apparatus; and
toured the Chapel, the Frost Amphi
theater, and Memorial Hall.
Speaking for his corporation, Mr.
Robertson pointed out the strong in
terest of industry in education, both
as to research and for possible fu
ture leaders of industry. He gave a
brief report of the first three years
of the George Westinghouse Founda
tion, a plan by which the company
starts ten students each year on a
five-year course at Carnegie Tech.
HEADS TOUR SCHOOLS
The Westinghouse offiicals are on
the West Coast for a tour of cen
ters of education and the Pacific
Coast Division of their company.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur ex
pressed appreciation for electrical
research equipment which Westing
house has donated in the past, and
pointed out the vital part electrical
research and industry has played in
America during the past 40 years.
"Oui country has been built by men
who had honorable attitudes of pub
lic service, though they were in
private business," he declared.
Equipment donated by Westing
house has included instruments val
ued at $13,500, in 1926 and 1927, to
be the electrical engineering de
partment; two turbo - generators
valued at $4,000. to the mechanical
engineering department, in 1938; and
a high tension transformer valued at
$200, to the physics department in
1938.
COMPANY CO-OPERATES
J. Hugh Jackson, acting comp
troller and dean of the Graduate
School of Business, commented upon
the co-operation of the company in
the survey of management con
ducted by the business school during
the past year.
Present at the meeting, besides
prominent Stanford faculty mem
bers, were Mr. Robertson, Ralph
Kelly, vice-president in charge of
sales; Marvin Smith, vice-president
in charge of engineering; L. W. Ly
ons, treasurer; G. Edward Pemdray,
assistant to the president; Andrew
W. Phelps, director of purchasing
and transportation; A. W. Copley,
Pacific Coast district engineering
manager; Chas. A. Dostal, Pacific
Coast district manager; and David
Livingston, San Francisco attorney
for Westinghouse.
A delegation of Westinghouse ex
ecutives, headed by A. W. Robert
son, chairman of the board of direc
tors, visited the University campus
yesterday and attended a luncheon
in their honor sponsored by the ad
ministration.
The executives visited the Ryan
Laboratory after the luncheon; wit
nessed a demonstration of the klys
tron, the physics department's ultra
short-wave sending apparatus; and
toured the Chapel, the Frost Amphi
theater, and Memorial Hall.
Speaking for his corporation, Mr.
Robertson pointed out the strong in
terest of industry in education, both
as to research and for possible fu
ture leaders of industry. He gave a
brief report of the first three years
of the George Westinghouse Founda
tion, a plan by which the company
starts ten students each year on a
five-year course at Carnegie Tech.
HEADS TOUR SCHOOLS
The Westinghouse offiicals are on
the West Coast for a tour of cen
ters of education and the Pacific
Coast Division of their company.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur ex
pressed appreciation for electrical
research equipment which Westing
house has donated in the past, and
pointed out the vital part electrical
research and industry has played in
America during the past 40 years.
"Oui country has been built by men
who had honorable attitudes of pub
lic service, though they were in
private business," he declared.
Equipment donated by Westing
house has included instruments val
ued at $13,500, in 1926 and 1927, to
be the electrical engineering de
partment; two turbo - generators
valued at $4,000. to the mechanical
engineering department, in 1938; and
a high tension transformer valued at
$200, to the physics department in
1938.
COMPANY CO-OPERATES
J. Hugh Jackson, acting comp
troller and dean of the Graduate
School of Business, commented upon
the co-operation of the company in
the survey of management con
ducted by the business school during
the past year.
Present at the meeting, besides
prominent Stanford faculty mem
bers, were Mr. Robertson, Ralph
Kelly, vice-president in charge of
sales; Marvin Smith, vice-president
in charge of engineering; L. W. Ly
ons, treasurer; G. Edward Pemdray,
assistant to the president; Andrew
W. Phelps, director of purchasing
and transportation; A. W. Copley,
Pacific Coast district engineering
manager; Chas. A. Dostal, Pacific
Coast district manager; and David
Livingston, San Francisco attorney
for Westinghouse.
