# President of Cornell Resigns.
## 
### 
Dr. William P. King, president of
Cornell University, has resigned. The
board of trustees have appointed vice
president James R Harlan to fill the
position.'
Dr. William P. King, president of
Cornell University, has resigned. The
board of trustees have appointed vice
president James R Harlan to fill the
position.'
Dr. William P. King, president of
Cornell University, has resigned. The
board of trustees have appointed vice
president James R Harlan to fill the
position.'
Dr. William P. King, president of
Cornell University, has resigned. The
board of trustees have appointed vice
president James R Harlan to fill the
position.'
Dr. William P. King, president of
Cornell University, has resigned. The
board of trustees have appointed vice
president James R Harlan to fill the
position.'
Dr. William P. King, president of
Cornell University, has resigned. The
board of trustees have appointed vice
president James R Harlan to fill the
position.'
Dr. William P. King, president of
Cornell University, has resigned. The
board of trustees have appointed vice
president James R Harlan to fill the
position.'
Dr. William P. King, president of
Cornell University, has resigned. The
board of trustees have appointed vice
president James R Harlan to fill the
position.'
Dr. William P. King, president of
Cornell University, has resigned. The
board of trustees have appointed vice
president James R Harlan to fill the
position.'
Dr. William P. King, president of
Cornell University, has resigned. The
board of trustees have appointed vice
president James R Harlan to fill the
position.'
