# Accumulating Money for Clubhouse.
## 
### 
A regular meeting of the Women's
League was held yesterday afternoon
at Roble Hall. Mrs. J. E. Matzke re
ported that there had been collected
$47"> for the Clubhouse Fund and that
promisory subscriptions had been
sent in for the amount of $105. It
was decided to hold some entertain
ment in order to raise more money,
the first of next semester. This was
putin charge of the executive board.
Mrs. E. W. Allan made a short ad
dress in which she suggested plans
for this entertainment and urged the
members of the league to pay the
twenty-five cent dues which are need
ed for Rest Room furnishings. The
meeting then adjourned for an infor
mal reception.
A regular meeting of the Women's
League was held yesterday afternoon
at Roble Hall. Mrs. J. E. Matzke re
ported that there had been collected
$47"> for the Clubhouse Fund and that
promisory subscriptions had been
sent in for the amount of $105. It
was decided to hold some entertain
ment in order to raise more money,
the first of next semester. This was
putin charge of the executive board.
Mrs. E. W. Allan made a short ad
dress in which she suggested plans
for this entertainment and urged the
members of the league to pay the
twenty-five cent dues which are need
ed for Rest Room furnishings. The
meeting then adjourned for an infor
mal reception.
A regular meeting of the Women's
League was held yesterday afternoon
at Roble Hall. Mrs. J. E. Matzke re
ported that there had been collected
$47"> for the Clubhouse Fund and that
promisory subscriptions had been
sent in for the amount of $105. It
was decided to hold some entertain
ment in order to raise more money,
the first of next semester. This was
putin charge of the executive board.
Mrs. E. W. Allan made a short ad
dress in which she suggested plans
for this entertainment and urged the
members of the league to pay the
twenty-five cent dues which are need
ed for Rest Room furnishings. The
meeting then adjourned for an infor
mal reception.
A regular meeting of the Women's
League was held yesterday afternoon
at Roble Hall. Mrs. J. E. Matzke re
ported that there had been collected
$47"> for the Clubhouse Fund and that
promisory subscriptions had been
sent in for the amount of $105. It
was decided to hold some entertain
ment in order to raise more money,
the first of next semester. This was
putin charge of the executive board.
Mrs. E. W. Allan made a short ad
dress in which she suggested plans
for this entertainment and urged the
members of the league to pay the
twenty-five cent dues which are need
ed for Rest Room furnishings. The
meeting then adjourned for an infor
mal reception.
A regular meeting of the Women's
League was held yesterday afternoon
at Roble Hall. Mrs. J. E. Matzke re
ported that there had been collected
$47"> for the Clubhouse Fund and that
promisory subscriptions had been
sent in for the amount of $105. It
was decided to hold some entertain
ment in order to raise more money,
the first of next semester. This was
putin charge of the executive board.
Mrs. E. W. Allan made a short ad
dress in which she suggested plans
for this entertainment and urged the
members of the league to pay the
twenty-five cent dues which are need
ed for Rest Room furnishings. The
meeting then adjourned for an infor
mal reception.
A regular meeting of the Women's
League was held yesterday afternoon
at Roble Hall. Mrs. J. E. Matzke re
ported that there had been collected
$47"> for the Clubhouse Fund and that
promisory subscriptions had been
sent in for the amount of $105. It
was decided to hold some entertain
ment in order to raise more money,
the first of next semester. This was
putin charge of the executive board.
Mrs. E. W. Allan made a short ad
dress in which she suggested plans
for this entertainment and urged the
members of the league to pay the
twenty-five cent dues which are need
ed for Rest Room furnishings. The
meeting then adjourned for an infor
mal reception.
A regular meeting of the Women's
League was held yesterday afternoon
at Roble Hall. Mrs. J. E. Matzke re
ported that there had been collected
$47"> for the Clubhouse Fund and that
promisory subscriptions had been
sent in for the amount of $105. It
was decided to hold some entertain
ment in order to raise more money,
the first of next semester. This was
putin charge of the executive board.
Mrs. E. W. Allan made a short ad
dress in which she suggested plans
for this entertainment and urged the
members of the league to pay the
twenty-five cent dues which are need
ed for Rest Room furnishings. The
meeting then adjourned for an infor
mal reception.
A regular meeting of the Women's
League was held yesterday afternoon
at Roble Hall. Mrs. J. E. Matzke re
ported that there had been collected
$47"> for the Clubhouse Fund and that
promisory subscriptions had been
sent in for the amount of $105. It
was decided to hold some entertain
ment in order to raise more money,
the first of next semester. This was
putin charge of the executive board.
Mrs. E. W. Allan made a short ad
dress in which she suggested plans
for this entertainment and urged the
members of the league to pay the
twenty-five cent dues which are need
ed for Rest Room furnishings. The
meeting then adjourned for an infor
mal reception.
A regular meeting of the Women's
League was held yesterday afternoon
at Roble Hall. Mrs. J. E. Matzke re
ported that there had been collected
$47"> for the Clubhouse Fund and that
promisory subscriptions had been
sent in for the amount of $105. It
was decided to hold some entertain
ment in order to raise more money,
the first of next semester. This was
putin charge of the executive board.
Mrs. E. W. Allan made a short ad
dress in which she suggested plans
for this entertainment and urged the
members of the league to pay the
twenty-five cent dues which are need
ed for Rest Room furnishings. The
meeting then adjourned for an infor
mal reception.
A regular meeting of the Women's
League was held yesterday afternoon
at Roble Hall. Mrs. J. E. Matzke re
ported that there had been collected
$47"> for the Clubhouse Fund and that
promisory subscriptions had been
sent in for the amount of $105. It
was decided to hold some entertain
ment in order to raise more money,
the first of next semester. This was
putin charge of the executive board.
Mrs. E. W. Allan made a short ad
dress in which she suggested plans
for this entertainment and urged the
members of the league to pay the
twenty-five cent dues which are need
ed for Rest Room furnishings. The
meeting then adjourned for an infor
mal reception.
