# Adv. 21 Page 8
## 
### 
Stanley H. Kaplan
The Smart
Omk CLASSES FORMING NOW AT
KAPLAN
EDUCATIONAL CENTER
Test Preparation Specialists
Since 1938
For Information, Please Call
*—327-0841— 1
The Palo Alto ————
LSAT Program
GMAT
PREPARATION
The Program's 28-32-hour
course to prepare for the
March 17 GMAT starts Jan.
29. Classes meet weekends/
midweek evenings. Thorough
prep for verbal and quant
sections by former Stanford
faculty member with continu
ous record of GMAT instruc
tion since 1979. Reported
scores from last year's stu
,dents averaged in the 94th
percentile; the October 1983
median score was 670-97 th
percentile
—Enrollment limited to 18
—Fee: $230
—LSAT Prep, for Mar. 3 test
still available
L— can 857-1758— 1
Stanley H. Kaplan
The Smart
Omk CLASSES FORMING NOW AT
KAPLAN
EDUCATIONAL CENTER
Test Preparation Specialists
Since 1938
For Information, Please Call
*—327-0841— 1
The Palo Alto ————
LSAT Program
GMAT
PREPARATION
The Program's 28-32-hour
course to prepare for the
March 17 GMAT starts Jan.
29. Classes meet weekends/
midweek evenings. Thorough
prep for verbal and quant
sections by former Stanford
faculty member with continu
ous record of GMAT instruc
tion since 1979. Reported
scores from last year's stu
,dents averaged in the 94th
percentile; the October 1983
median score was 670-97 th
percentile
—Enrollment limited to 18
—Fee: $230
—LSAT Prep, for Mar. 3 test
still available
L— can 857-1758— 1
Stanley H. Kaplan
The Smart
Omk CLASSES FORMING NOW AT
KAPLAN
EDUCATIONAL CENTER
Test Preparation Specialists
Since 1938
For Information, Please Call
*—327-0841— 1
The Palo Alto ————
LSAT Program
GMAT
PREPARATION
The Program's 28-32-hour
course to prepare for the
March 17 GMAT starts Jan.
29. Classes meet weekends/
midweek evenings. Thorough
prep for verbal and quant
sections by former Stanford
faculty member with continu
ous record of GMAT instruc
tion since 1979. Reported
scores from last year's stu
,dents averaged in the 94th
percentile; the October 1983
median score was 670-97 th
percentile
—Enrollment limited to 18
—Fee: $230
—LSAT Prep, for Mar. 3 test
still available
L— can 857-1758— 1
Stanley H. Kaplan
The Smart
Omk CLASSES FORMING NOW AT
KAPLAN
EDUCATIONAL CENTER
Test Preparation Specialists
Since 1938
For Information, Please Call
*—327-0841— 1
The Palo Alto ————
LSAT Program
GMAT
PREPARATION
The Program's 28-32-hour
course to prepare for the
March 17 GMAT starts Jan.
29. Classes meet weekends/
midweek evenings. Thorough
prep for verbal and quant
sections by former Stanford
faculty member with continu
ous record of GMAT instruc
tion since 1979. Reported
scores from last year's stu
,dents averaged in the 94th
percentile; the October 1983
median score was 670-97 th
percentile
—Enrollment limited to 18
—Fee: $230
—LSAT Prep, for Mar. 3 test
still available
L— can 857-1758— 1
Stanley H. Kaplan
The Smart
Omk CLASSES FORMING NOW AT
KAPLAN
EDUCATIONAL CENTER
Test Preparation Specialists
Since 1938
For Information, Please Call
*—327-0841— 1
The Palo Alto ————
LSAT Program
GMAT
PREPARATION
The Program's 28-32-hour
course to prepare for the
March 17 GMAT starts Jan.
29. Classes meet weekends/
midweek evenings. Thorough
prep for verbal and quant
sections by former Stanford
faculty member with continu
ous record of GMAT instruc
tion since 1979. Reported
scores from last year's stu
,dents averaged in the 94th
percentile; the October 1983
median score was 670-97 th
percentile
—Enrollment limited to 18
—Fee: $230
—LSAT Prep, for Mar. 3 test
still available
L— can 857-1758— 1
Stanley H. Kaplan
The Smart
Omk CLASSES FORMING NOW AT
KAPLAN
EDUCATIONAL CENTER
Test Preparation Specialists
Since 1938
For Information, Please Call
*—327-0841— 1
The Palo Alto ————
LSAT Program
GMAT
PREPARATION
The Program's 28-32-hour
course to prepare for the
March 17 GMAT starts Jan.
29. Classes meet weekends/
midweek evenings. Thorough
prep for verbal and quant
sections by former Stanford
faculty member with continu
ous record of GMAT instruc
tion since 1979. Reported
scores from last year's stu
,dents averaged in the 94th
percentile; the October 1983
median score was 670-97 th
percentile
—Enrollment limited to 18
—Fee: $230
—LSAT Prep, for Mar. 3 test
still available
L— can 857-1758— 1
Stanley H. Kaplan
The Smart
Omk CLASSES FORMING NOW AT
KAPLAN
EDUCATIONAL CENTER
Test Preparation Specialists
Since 1938
For Information, Please Call
*—327-0841— 1
The Palo Alto ————
LSAT Program
GMAT
PREPARATION
The Program's 28-32-hour
course to prepare for the
March 17 GMAT starts Jan.
29. Classes meet weekends/
midweek evenings. Thorough
prep for verbal and quant
sections by former Stanford
faculty member with continu
ous record of GMAT instruc
tion since 1979. Reported
scores from last year's stu
,dents averaged in the 94th
percentile; the October 1983
median score was 670-97 th
percentile
—Enrollment limited to 18
—Fee: $230
—LSAT Prep, for Mar. 3 test
still available
L— can 857-1758— 1
Stanley H. Kaplan
The Smart
Omk CLASSES FORMING NOW AT
KAPLAN
EDUCATIONAL CENTER
Test Preparation Specialists
Since 1938
For Information, Please Call
*—327-0841— 1
The Palo Alto ————
LSAT Program
GMAT
PREPARATION
The Program's 28-32-hour
course to prepare for the
March 17 GMAT starts Jan.
29. Classes meet weekends/
midweek evenings. Thorough
prep for verbal and quant
sections by former Stanford
faculty member with continu
ous record of GMAT instruc
tion since 1979. Reported
scores from last year's stu
,dents averaged in the 94th
percentile; the October 1983
median score was 670-97 th
percentile
—Enrollment limited to 18
—Fee: $230
—LSAT Prep, for Mar. 3 test
still available
L— can 857-1758— 1
