# Husky Captain
## 
### 

Washington's cage captain plays
center on the basketball squad and
is one of its highest scorers. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Washington's cage captain plays
center on the basketball squad and
is one of its highest scorers. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Washington's cage captain plays
center on the basketball squad and
is one of its highest scorers. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Washington's cage captain plays
center on the basketball squad and
is one of its highest scorers. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Washington's cage captain plays
center on the basketball squad and
is one of its highest scorers. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Washington's cage captain plays
center on the basketball squad and
is one of its highest scorers. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Washington's cage captain plays
center on the basketball squad and
is one of its highest scorers. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Washington's cage captain plays
center on the basketball squad and
is one of its highest scorers. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Washington's cage captain plays
center on the basketball squad and
is one of its highest scorers. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Washington's cage captain plays
center on the basketball squad and
is one of its highest scorers. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Washington's cage captain plays
center on the basketball squad and
is one of its highest scorers. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Washington's cage captain plays
center on the basketball squad and
is one of its highest scorers. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Washington's cage captain plays
center on the basketball squad and
is one of its highest scorers. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Washington's cage captain plays
center on the basketball squad and
is one of its highest scorers. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Washington's cage captain plays
center on the basketball squad and
is one of its highest scorers. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)
