# ALPHA SIG PLEDGE
## 
### 
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of J. P. McFarland, '35. -
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of J. P. McFarland, '35. -
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of J. P. McFarland, '35. -
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of J. P. McFarland, '35. -
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of J. P. McFarland, '35. -
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of J. P. McFarland, '35. -
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of J. P. McFarland, '35. -
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of J. P. McFarland, '35. -
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of J. P. McFarland, '35. -
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of J. P. McFarland, '35. -
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of J. P. McFarland, '35. -
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of J. P. McFarland, '35. -
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of J. P. McFarland, '35. -
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of J. P. McFarland, '35. -
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of J. P. McFarland, '35. -
