# KAPPA SIG PLEDGE
## 
### 
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Primo Pinotti, '36.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Primo Pinotti, '36.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Primo Pinotti, '36.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Primo Pinotti, '36.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Primo Pinotti, '36.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Primo Pinotti, '36.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Primo Pinotti, '36.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Primo Pinotti, '36.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Primo Pinotti, '36.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Primo Pinotti, '36.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Primo Pinotti, '36.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Primo Pinotti, '36.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Primo Pinotti, '36.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Primo Pinotti, '36.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Primo Pinotti, '36.
