# Motor Transportation Company Offers Prizes For Essays By Students
## 
### 
The California Motor Transport As
sociation is offering two prizes of $25
each, available to Stanford students, for
essays on the subject of "Motorized
Highway Transportation." The Asso
ciation, which is designed to promote the
interests of California shippers, truck
owners and operators, and truck and tire
manufacturers, offers a $25 prize for the
best essay by a student of each of the
four institutionsâ€”Stanford, University
of California, University of Southern
California and the Southern Branch of
the University of California. In addi
tion the Associaton wll offer another
$25 prize to the essay judged to be the
best of these four prize wnners.
Professor Charles B. Wing of the de
partment of Civil Engineering is chair
man of the committee supervising the
Stanford contest and the other two mem
bers are Professor Eliot Jones of the
Economics department and Professor
William R. Eckart of the department of
Mechanical Engineering. Further in
formation about the contest may be ob
tained from Professor Wing.
