# HR Speech Will Cover 'Espioange In the Cold War'
## 
### 
"Espionage in the Cold War" will
be the topic of a talk by Donald
Stokes, head of British Information
Services in San Francisco, to be
presented this afternoon at 4:15 in
Bowman Alumni House.
Stokes has been a foreign corre
spondent, author, and playwright.
During World War II he served as a
member of the British Intelligence
Department, after being wounded in
action. In 1945 he was chosen to be
news editor of the British Informa
tion Services in the United States.
He has published several novels,
documentary plays, and magazine
articles. As a foreign correspondent,
Stokes covered Hitler's march into
Czechoslovakia, and other pre-1941
outbreaks.
A question and answer period will
follow the talk, which is sponsored
by the Institute of International Re
lations.
"Espionage in the Cold War" will
be the topic of a talk by Donald
Stokes, head of British Information
Services in San Francisco, to be
presented this afternoon at 4:15 in
Bowman Alumni House.
Stokes has been a foreign corre
spondent, author, and playwright.
During World War II he served as a
member of the British Intelligence
Department, after being wounded in
action. In 1945 he was chosen to be
news editor of the British Informa
tion Services in the United States.
He has published several novels,
documentary plays, and magazine
articles. As a foreign correspondent,
Stokes covered Hitler's march into
Czechoslovakia, and other pre-1941
outbreaks.
A question and answer period will
follow the talk, which is sponsored
by the Institute of International Re
lations.
"Espionage in the Cold War" will
be the topic of a talk by Donald
Stokes, head of British Information
Services in San Francisco, to be
presented this afternoon at 4:15 in
Bowman Alumni House.
Stokes has been a foreign corre
spondent, author, and playwright.
During World War II he served as a
member of the British Intelligence
Department, after being wounded in
action. In 1945 he was chosen to be
news editor of the British Informa
tion Services in the United States.
He has published several novels,
documentary plays, and magazine
articles. As a foreign correspondent,
Stokes covered Hitler's march into
Czechoslovakia, and other pre-1941
outbreaks.
A question and answer period will
follow the talk, which is sponsored
by the Institute of International Re
lations.
"Espionage in the Cold War" will
be the topic of a talk by Donald
Stokes, head of British Information
Services in San Francisco, to be
presented this afternoon at 4:15 in
Bowman Alumni House.
Stokes has been a foreign corre
spondent, author, and playwright.
During World War II he served as a
member of the British Intelligence
Department, after being wounded in
action. In 1945 he was chosen to be
news editor of the British Informa
tion Services in the United States.
He has published several novels,
documentary plays, and magazine
articles. As a foreign correspondent,
Stokes covered Hitler's march into
Czechoslovakia, and other pre-1941
outbreaks.
A question and answer period will
follow the talk, which is sponsored
by the Institute of International Re
lations.
"Espionage in the Cold War" will
be the topic of a talk by Donald
Stokes, head of British Information
Services in San Francisco, to be
presented this afternoon at 4:15 in
Bowman Alumni House.
Stokes has been a foreign corre
spondent, author, and playwright.
During World War II he served as a
member of the British Intelligence
Department, after being wounded in
action. In 1945 he was chosen to be
news editor of the British Informa
tion Services in the United States.
He has published several novels,
documentary plays, and magazine
articles. As a foreign correspondent,
Stokes covered Hitler's march into
Czechoslovakia, and other pre-1941
outbreaks.
A question and answer period will
follow the talk, which is sponsored
by the Institute of International Re
lations.
"Espionage in the Cold War" will
be the topic of a talk by Donald
Stokes, head of British Information
Services in San Francisco, to be
presented this afternoon at 4:15 in
Bowman Alumni House.
Stokes has been a foreign corre
spondent, author, and playwright.
During World War II he served as a
member of the British Intelligence
Department, after being wounded in
action. In 1945 he was chosen to be
news editor of the British Informa
tion Services in the United States.
He has published several novels,
documentary plays, and magazine
articles. As a foreign correspondent,
Stokes covered Hitler's march into
Czechoslovakia, and other pre-1941
outbreaks.
A question and answer period will
follow the talk, which is sponsored
by the Institute of International Re
lations.
"Espionage in the Cold War" will
be the topic of a talk by Donald
Stokes, head of British Information
Services in San Francisco, to be
presented this afternoon at 4:15 in
Bowman Alumni House.
Stokes has been a foreign corre
spondent, author, and playwright.
During World War II he served as a
member of the British Intelligence
Department, after being wounded in
action. In 1945 he was chosen to be
news editor of the British Informa
tion Services in the United States.
He has published several novels,
documentary plays, and magazine
articles. As a foreign correspondent,
Stokes covered Hitler's march into
Czechoslovakia, and other pre-1941
outbreaks.
A question and answer period will
follow the talk, which is sponsored
by the Institute of International Re
lations.
"Espionage in the Cold War" will
be the topic of a talk by Donald
Stokes, head of British Information
Services in San Francisco, to be
presented this afternoon at 4:15 in
Bowman Alumni House.
Stokes has been a foreign corre
spondent, author, and playwright.
During World War II he served as a
member of the British Intelligence
Department, after being wounded in
action. In 1945 he was chosen to be
news editor of the British Informa
tion Services in the United States.
He has published several novels,
documentary plays, and magazine
articles. As a foreign correspondent,
Stokes covered Hitler's march into
Czechoslovakia, and other pre-1941
outbreaks.
A question and answer period will
follow the talk, which is sponsored
by the Institute of International Re
lations.
"Espionage in the Cold War" will
be the topic of a talk by Donald
Stokes, head of British Information
Services in San Francisco, to be
presented this afternoon at 4:15 in
Bowman Alumni House.
Stokes has been a foreign corre
spondent, author, and playwright.
During World War II he served as a
member of the British Intelligence
Department, after being wounded in
action. In 1945 he was chosen to be
news editor of the British Informa
tion Services in the United States.
He has published several novels,
documentary plays, and magazine
articles. As a foreign correspondent,
Stokes covered Hitler's march into
Czechoslovakia, and other pre-1941
outbreaks.
A question and answer period will
follow the talk, which is sponsored
by the Institute of International Re
lations.
"Espionage in the Cold War" will
be the topic of a talk by Donald
Stokes, head of British Information
Services in San Francisco, to be
presented this afternoon at 4:15 in
Bowman Alumni House.
Stokes has been a foreign corre
spondent, author, and playwright.
During World War II he served as a
member of the British Intelligence
Department, after being wounded in
action. In 1945 he was chosen to be
news editor of the British Informa
tion Services in the United States.
He has published several novels,
documentary plays, and magazine
articles. As a foreign correspondent,
Stokes covered Hitler's march into
Czechoslovakia, and other pre-1941
outbreaks.
A question and answer period will
follow the talk, which is sponsored
by the Institute of International Re
lations.
"Espionage in the Cold War" will
be the topic of a talk by Donald
Stokes, head of British Information
Services in San Francisco, to be
presented this afternoon at 4:15 in
Bowman Alumni House.
Stokes has been a foreign corre
spondent, author, and playwright.
During World War II he served as a
member of the British Intelligence
Department, after being wounded in
action. In 1945 he was chosen to be
news editor of the British Informa
tion Services in the United States.
He has published several novels,
documentary plays, and magazine
articles. As a foreign correspondent,
Stokes covered Hitler's march into
Czechoslovakia, and other pre-1941
outbreaks.
A question and answer period will
follow the talk, which is sponsored
by the Institute of International Re
lations.
"Espionage in the Cold War" will
be the topic of a talk by Donald
Stokes, head of British Information
Services in San Francisco, to be
presented this afternoon at 4:15 in
Bowman Alumni House.
Stokes has been a foreign corre
spondent, author, and playwright.
During World War II he served as a
member of the British Intelligence
Department, after being wounded in
action. In 1945 he was chosen to be
news editor of the British Informa
tion Services in the United States.
He has published several novels,
documentary plays, and magazine
articles. As a foreign correspondent,
Stokes covered Hitler's march into
Czechoslovakia, and other pre-1941
outbreaks.
A question and answer period will
follow the talk, which is sponsored
by the Institute of International Re
lations.
"Espionage in the Cold War" will
be the topic of a talk by Donald
Stokes, head of British Information
Services in San Francisco, to be
presented this afternoon at 4:15 in
Bowman Alumni House.
Stokes has been a foreign corre
spondent, author, and playwright.
During World War II he served as a
member of the British Intelligence
Department, after being wounded in
action. In 1945 he was chosen to be
news editor of the British Informa
tion Services in the United States.
He has published several novels,
documentary plays, and magazine
articles. As a foreign correspondent,
Stokes covered Hitler's march into
Czechoslovakia, and other pre-1941
outbreaks.
A question and answer period will
follow the talk, which is sponsored
by the Institute of International Re
lations.
"Espionage in the Cold War" will
be the topic of a talk by Donald
Stokes, head of British Information
Services in San Francisco, to be
presented this afternoon at 4:15 in
Bowman Alumni House.
Stokes has been a foreign corre
spondent, author, and playwright.
During World War II he served as a
member of the British Intelligence
Department, after being wounded in
action. In 1945 he was chosen to be
news editor of the British Informa
tion Services in the United States.
He has published several novels,
documentary plays, and magazine
articles. As a foreign correspondent,
Stokes covered Hitler's march into
Czechoslovakia, and other pre-1941
outbreaks.
A question and answer period will
follow the talk, which is sponsored
by the Institute of International Re
lations.
"Espionage in the Cold War" will
be the topic of a talk by Donald
Stokes, head of British Information
Services in San Francisco, to be
presented this afternoon at 4:15 in
Bowman Alumni House.
Stokes has been a foreign corre
spondent, author, and playwright.
During World War II he served as a
member of the British Intelligence
Department, after being wounded in
action. In 1945 he was chosen to be
news editor of the British Informa
tion Services in the United States.
He has published several novels,
documentary plays, and magazine
articles. As a foreign correspondent,
Stokes covered Hitler's march into
Czechoslovakia, and other pre-1941
outbreaks.
A question and answer period will
follow the talk, which is sponsored
by the Institute of International Re
lations.
