# SIGMA CHI ELECTIONS
## 
### 
Bob Patrick, president; Bob Sey
mour, vice-president; Ken Seese,
secretary; Mark Howell, pledge
trainer; Scott Jones and Dennis
Sullivan, rushing chairmen; Tony
Mosich and Bob Fannin, social
chairmen; and John Hendricks,
house manager.
Bob Patrick, president; Bob Sey
mour, vice-president; Ken Seese,
secretary; Mark Howell, pledge
trainer; Scott Jones and Dennis
Sullivan, rushing chairmen; Tony
Mosich and Bob Fannin, social
chairmen; and John Hendricks,
house manager.
Bob Patrick, president; Bob Sey
mour, vice-president; Ken Seese,
secretary; Mark Howell, pledge
trainer; Scott Jones and Dennis
Sullivan, rushing chairmen; Tony
Mosich and Bob Fannin, social
chairmen; and John Hendricks,
house manager.
Bob Patrick, president; Bob Sey
mour, vice-president; Ken Seese,
secretary; Mark Howell, pledge
trainer; Scott Jones and Dennis
Sullivan, rushing chairmen; Tony
Mosich and Bob Fannin, social
chairmen; and John Hendricks,
house manager.
Bob Patrick, president; Bob Sey
mour, vice-president; Ken Seese,
secretary; Mark Howell, pledge
trainer; Scott Jones and Dennis
Sullivan, rushing chairmen; Tony
Mosich and Bob Fannin, social
chairmen; and John Hendricks,
house manager.
Bob Patrick, president; Bob Sey
mour, vice-president; Ken Seese,
secretary; Mark Howell, pledge
trainer; Scott Jones and Dennis
Sullivan, rushing chairmen; Tony
Mosich and Bob Fannin, social
chairmen; and John Hendricks,
house manager.
Bob Patrick, president; Bob Sey
mour, vice-president; Ken Seese,
secretary; Mark Howell, pledge
trainer; Scott Jones and Dennis
Sullivan, rushing chairmen; Tony
Mosich and Bob Fannin, social
chairmen; and John Hendricks,
house manager.
Bob Patrick, president; Bob Sey
mour, vice-president; Ken Seese,
secretary; Mark Howell, pledge
trainer; Scott Jones and Dennis
Sullivan, rushing chairmen; Tony
Mosich and Bob Fannin, social
chairmen; and John Hendricks,
house manager.
Bob Patrick, president; Bob Sey
mour, vice-president; Ken Seese,
secretary; Mark Howell, pledge
trainer; Scott Jones and Dennis
Sullivan, rushing chairmen; Tony
Mosich and Bob Fannin, social
chairmen; and John Hendricks,
house manager.
Bob Patrick, president; Bob Sey
mour, vice-president; Ken Seese,
secretary; Mark Howell, pledge
trainer; Scott Jones and Dennis
Sullivan, rushing chairmen; Tony
Mosich and Bob Fannin, social
chairmen; and John Hendricks,
house manager.
Bob Patrick, president; Bob Sey
mour, vice-president; Ken Seese,
secretary; Mark Howell, pledge
trainer; Scott Jones and Dennis
Sullivan, rushing chairmen; Tony
Mosich and Bob Fannin, social
chairmen; and John Hendricks,
house manager.
Bob Patrick, president; Bob Sey
mour, vice-president; Ken Seese,
secretary; Mark Howell, pledge
trainer; Scott Jones and Dennis
Sullivan, rushing chairmen; Tony
Mosich and Bob Fannin, social
chairmen; and John Hendricks,
house manager.
Bob Patrick, president; Bob Sey
mour, vice-president; Ken Seese,
secretary; Mark Howell, pledge
trainer; Scott Jones and Dennis
Sullivan, rushing chairmen; Tony
Mosich and Bob Fannin, social
chairmen; and John Hendricks,
house manager.
Bob Patrick, president; Bob Sey
mour, vice-president; Ken Seese,
secretary; Mark Howell, pledge
trainer; Scott Jones and Dennis
Sullivan, rushing chairmen; Tony
Mosich and Bob Fannin, social
chairmen; and John Hendricks,
house manager.
Bob Patrick, president; Bob Sey
mour, vice-president; Ken Seese,
secretary; Mark Howell, pledge
trainer; Scott Jones and Dennis
Sullivan, rushing chairmen; Tony
Mosich and Bob Fannin, social
chairmen; and John Hendricks,
house manager.
