# Career Choosing Is Speech Topic
## 
### 
Donald H. Davidson, assistant pro
fessor of philosophy, will speak on
"Choosing a Career" at the West
minster Fellowship tomorrow night
at 5:30 at the First Presbyterian
Church, Waverley and Forest. Palo
Alto. Reservations may be made
today at DA 5-5(>59 or DA 3-9(525.
Donald H. Davidson, assistant pro
fessor of philosophy, will speak on
"Choosing a Career" at the West
minster Fellowship tomorrow night
at 5:30 at the First Presbyterian
Church, Waverley and Forest. Palo
Alto. Reservations may be made
today at DA 5-5(>59 or DA 3-9(525.
Donald H. Davidson, assistant pro
fessor of philosophy, will speak on
"Choosing a Career" at the West
minster Fellowship tomorrow night
at 5:30 at the First Presbyterian
Church, Waverley and Forest. Palo
Alto. Reservations may be made
today at DA 5-5(>59 or DA 3-9(525.
Donald H. Davidson, assistant pro
fessor of philosophy, will speak on
"Choosing a Career" at the West
minster Fellowship tomorrow night
at 5:30 at the First Presbyterian
Church, Waverley and Forest. Palo
Alto. Reservations may be made
today at DA 5-5(>59 or DA 3-9(525.
Donald H. Davidson, assistant pro
fessor of philosophy, will speak on
"Choosing a Career" at the West
minster Fellowship tomorrow night
at 5:30 at the First Presbyterian
Church, Waverley and Forest. Palo
Alto. Reservations may be made
today at DA 5-5(>59 or DA 3-9(525.
Donald H. Davidson, assistant pro
fessor of philosophy, will speak on
"Choosing a Career" at the West
minster Fellowship tomorrow night
at 5:30 at the First Presbyterian
Church, Waverley and Forest. Palo
Alto. Reservations may be made
today at DA 5-5(>59 or DA 3-9(525.
Donald H. Davidson, assistant pro
fessor of philosophy, will speak on
"Choosing a Career" at the West
minster Fellowship tomorrow night
at 5:30 at the First Presbyterian
Church, Waverley and Forest. Palo
Alto. Reservations may be made
today at DA 5-5(>59 or DA 3-9(525.
Donald H. Davidson, assistant pro
fessor of philosophy, will speak on
"Choosing a Career" at the West
minster Fellowship tomorrow night
at 5:30 at the First Presbyterian
Church, Waverley and Forest. Palo
Alto. Reservations may be made
today at DA 5-5(>59 or DA 3-9(525.
Donald H. Davidson, assistant pro
fessor of philosophy, will speak on
"Choosing a Career" at the West
minster Fellowship tomorrow night
at 5:30 at the First Presbyterian
Church, Waverley and Forest. Palo
Alto. Reservations may be made
today at DA 5-5(>59 or DA 3-9(525.
Donald H. Davidson, assistant pro
fessor of philosophy, will speak on
"Choosing a Career" at the West
minster Fellowship tomorrow night
at 5:30 at the First Presbyterian
Church, Waverley and Forest. Palo
Alto. Reservations may be made
today at DA 5-5(>59 or DA 3-9(525.
Donald H. Davidson, assistant pro
fessor of philosophy, will speak on
"Choosing a Career" at the West
minster Fellowship tomorrow night
at 5:30 at the First Presbyterian
Church, Waverley and Forest. Palo
Alto. Reservations may be made
today at DA 5-5(>59 or DA 3-9(525.
Donald H. Davidson, assistant pro
fessor of philosophy, will speak on
"Choosing a Career" at the West
minster Fellowship tomorrow night
at 5:30 at the First Presbyterian
Church, Waverley and Forest. Palo
Alto. Reservations may be made
today at DA 5-5(>59 or DA 3-9(525.
Donald H. Davidson, assistant pro
fessor of philosophy, will speak on
"Choosing a Career" at the West
minster Fellowship tomorrow night
at 5:30 at the First Presbyterian
Church, Waverley and Forest. Palo
Alto. Reservations may be made
today at DA 5-5(>59 or DA 3-9(525.
Donald H. Davidson, assistant pro
fessor of philosophy, will speak on
"Choosing a Career" at the West
minster Fellowship tomorrow night
at 5:30 at the First Presbyterian
Church, Waverley and Forest. Palo
Alto. Reservations may be made
today at DA 5-5(>59 or DA 3-9(525.
Donald H. Davidson, assistant pro
fessor of philosophy, will speak on
"Choosing a Career" at the West
minster Fellowship tomorrow night
at 5:30 at the First Presbyterian
Church, Waverley and Forest. Palo
Alto. Reservations may be made
today at DA 5-5(>59 or DA 3-9(525.
