# Dr. Whitaker Returns From Washington Meet
## 
### 
Dr. Douglas Whitaker, Dean of
Graduate Study at Stanford, re
turned Tuesday by air from Wash
ington, D.C., where he attended a
meeting of chairmen of Atomic En
ergy Commission Fellowship Boards.
Dr. Douglas Whitaker, Dean of
Graduate Study at Stanford, re
turned Tuesday by air from Wash
ington, D.C., where he attended a
meeting of chairmen of Atomic En
ergy Commission Fellowship Boards.
Dr. Douglas Whitaker, Dean of
Graduate Study at Stanford, re
turned Tuesday by air from Wash
ington, D.C., where he attended a
meeting of chairmen of Atomic En
ergy Commission Fellowship Boards.
Dr. Douglas Whitaker, Dean of
Graduate Study at Stanford, re
turned Tuesday by air from Wash
ington, D.C., where he attended a
meeting of chairmen of Atomic En
ergy Commission Fellowship Boards.
Dr. Douglas Whitaker, Dean of
Graduate Study at Stanford, re
turned Tuesday by air from Wash
ington, D.C., where he attended a
meeting of chairmen of Atomic En
ergy Commission Fellowship Boards.
Dr. Douglas Whitaker, Dean of
Graduate Study at Stanford, re
turned Tuesday by air from Wash
ington, D.C., where he attended a
meeting of chairmen of Atomic En
ergy Commission Fellowship Boards.
Dr. Douglas Whitaker, Dean of
Graduate Study at Stanford, re
turned Tuesday by air from Wash
ington, D.C., where he attended a
meeting of chairmen of Atomic En
ergy Commission Fellowship Boards.
Dr. Douglas Whitaker, Dean of
Graduate Study at Stanford, re
turned Tuesday by air from Wash
ington, D.C., where he attended a
meeting of chairmen of Atomic En
ergy Commission Fellowship Boards.
Dr. Douglas Whitaker, Dean of
Graduate Study at Stanford, re
turned Tuesday by air from Wash
ington, D.C., where he attended a
meeting of chairmen of Atomic En
ergy Commission Fellowship Boards.
Dr. Douglas Whitaker, Dean of
Graduate Study at Stanford, re
turned Tuesday by air from Wash
ington, D.C., where he attended a
meeting of chairmen of Atomic En
ergy Commission Fellowship Boards.
Dr. Douglas Whitaker, Dean of
Graduate Study at Stanford, re
turned Tuesday by air from Wash
ington, D.C., where he attended a
meeting of chairmen of Atomic En
ergy Commission Fellowship Boards.
Dr. Douglas Whitaker, Dean of
Graduate Study at Stanford, re
turned Tuesday by air from Wash
ington, D.C., where he attended a
meeting of chairmen of Atomic En
ergy Commission Fellowship Boards.
Dr. Douglas Whitaker, Dean of
Graduate Study at Stanford, re
turned Tuesday by air from Wash
ington, D.C., where he attended a
meeting of chairmen of Atomic En
ergy Commission Fellowship Boards.
Dr. Douglas Whitaker, Dean of
Graduate Study at Stanford, re
turned Tuesday by air from Wash
ington, D.C., where he attended a
meeting of chairmen of Atomic En
ergy Commission Fellowship Boards.
Dr. Douglas Whitaker, Dean of
Graduate Study at Stanford, re
turned Tuesday by air from Wash
ington, D.C., where he attended a
meeting of chairmen of Atomic En
ergy Commission Fellowship Boards.
Dr. Douglas Whitaker, Dean of
Graduate Study at Stanford, re
turned Tuesday by air from Wash
ington, D.C., where he attended a
meeting of chairmen of Atomic En
ergy Commission Fellowship Boards.
