# BETA OFFICERS
## 
### 
Rog e r Mackenzie, president;
Roeco Esbe r g, vice president ;
Chris Stack, corresponding secre
tary; Pele Rowe, recording secre
tary; Phil Schneider, alumni sec
retary; Bob Drakulich, rush chair
man; John Beau pre. social chair
man; James Andruss, treasurer;
Dutch Bansbach, house manager.
Rog e r Mackenzie, president;
Roeco Esbe r g, vice president ;
Chris Stack, corresponding secre
tary; Pele Rowe, recording secre
tary; Phil Schneider, alumni sec
retary; Bob Drakulich, rush chair
man; John Beau pre. social chair
man; James Andruss, treasurer;
Dutch Bansbach, house manager.
Rog e r Mackenzie, president;
Roeco Esbe r g, vice president ;
Chris Stack, corresponding secre
tary; Pele Rowe, recording secre
tary; Phil Schneider, alumni sec
retary; Bob Drakulich, rush chair
man; John Beau pre. social chair
man; James Andruss, treasurer;
Dutch Bansbach, house manager.
Rog e r Mackenzie, president;
Roeco Esbe r g, vice president ;
Chris Stack, corresponding secre
tary; Pele Rowe, recording secre
tary; Phil Schneider, alumni sec
retary; Bob Drakulich, rush chair
man; John Beau pre. social chair
man; James Andruss, treasurer;
Dutch Bansbach, house manager.
Rog e r Mackenzie, president;
Roeco Esbe r g, vice president ;
Chris Stack, corresponding secre
tary; Pele Rowe, recording secre
tary; Phil Schneider, alumni sec
retary; Bob Drakulich, rush chair
man; John Beau pre. social chair
man; James Andruss, treasurer;
Dutch Bansbach, house manager.
Rog e r Mackenzie, president;
Roeco Esbe r g, vice president ;
Chris Stack, corresponding secre
tary; Pele Rowe, recording secre
tary; Phil Schneider, alumni sec
retary; Bob Drakulich, rush chair
man; John Beau pre. social chair
man; James Andruss, treasurer;
Dutch Bansbach, house manager.
Rog e r Mackenzie, president;
Roeco Esbe r g, vice president ;
Chris Stack, corresponding secre
tary; Pele Rowe, recording secre
tary; Phil Schneider, alumni sec
retary; Bob Drakulich, rush chair
man; John Beau pre. social chair
man; James Andruss, treasurer;
Dutch Bansbach, house manager.
Rog e r Mackenzie, president;
Roeco Esbe r g, vice president ;
Chris Stack, corresponding secre
tary; Pele Rowe, recording secre
tary; Phil Schneider, alumni sec
retary; Bob Drakulich, rush chair
man; John Beau pre. social chair
man; James Andruss, treasurer;
Dutch Bansbach, house manager.
Rog e r Mackenzie, president;
Roeco Esbe r g, vice president ;
Chris Stack, corresponding secre
tary; Pele Rowe, recording secre
tary; Phil Schneider, alumni sec
retary; Bob Drakulich, rush chair
man; John Beau pre. social chair
man; James Andruss, treasurer;
Dutch Bansbach, house manager.
Rog e r Mackenzie, president;
Roeco Esbe r g, vice president ;
Chris Stack, corresponding secre
tary; Pele Rowe, recording secre
tary; Phil Schneider, alumni sec
retary; Bob Drakulich, rush chair
man; John Beau pre. social chair
man; James Andruss, treasurer;
Dutch Bansbach, house manager.
Rog e r Mackenzie, president;
Roeco Esbe r g, vice president ;
Chris Stack, corresponding secre
tary; Pele Rowe, recording secre
tary; Phil Schneider, alumni sec
retary; Bob Drakulich, rush chair
man; John Beau pre. social chair
man; James Andruss, treasurer;
Dutch Bansbach, house manager.
Rog e r Mackenzie, president;
Roeco Esbe r g, vice president ;
Chris Stack, corresponding secre
tary; Pele Rowe, recording secre
tary; Phil Schneider, alumni sec
retary; Bob Drakulich, rush chair
man; John Beau pre. social chair
man; James Andruss, treasurer;
Dutch Bansbach, house manager.
Rog e r Mackenzie, president;
Roeco Esbe r g, vice president ;
Chris Stack, corresponding secre
tary; Pele Rowe, recording secre
tary; Phil Schneider, alumni sec
retary; Bob Drakulich, rush chair
man; John Beau pre. social chair
man; James Andruss, treasurer;
Dutch Bansbach, house manager.
Rog e r Mackenzie, president;
Roeco Esbe r g, vice president ;
Chris Stack, corresponding secre
tary; Pele Rowe, recording secre
tary; Phil Schneider, alumni sec
retary; Bob Drakulich, rush chair
man; John Beau pre. social chair
man; James Andruss, treasurer;
Dutch Bansbach, house manager.
Rog e r Mackenzie, president;
Roeco Esbe r g, vice president ;
Chris Stack, corresponding secre
tary; Pele Rowe, recording secre
tary; Phil Schneider, alumni sec
retary; Bob Drakulich, rush chair
man; John Beau pre. social chair
man; James Andruss, treasurer;
Dutch Bansbach, house manager.
Rog e r Mackenzie, president;
Roeco Esbe r g, vice president ;
Chris Stack, corresponding secre
tary; Pele Rowe, recording secre
tary; Phil Schneider, alumni sec
retary; Bob Drakulich, rush chair
man; John Beau pre. social chair
man; James Andruss, treasurer;
Dutch Bansbach, house manager.
