# African Ballet To Tour Farm
## 
### 
The Ballots Africaines, a
group of young African danc
ers now performing in San
Francisco, will visit the cam
pus Monday and their Stan
ford hosts are in need of any
one who can speak French to
accompany them during their
Farm visit.
Since only one member of
the 40-member group speaks
English, a number of French
speaking Stanfordites will be
needed during the Africans'
campus tour and entertain
ment. Anyone interested is
urged to call Joan Squires at
Union as *50011 as possible.
A public reception for the
group will be held from 4-5:30
p.m. at Bowman Alumni
House.
