# Rabbi Voorsanger to Preach.
## 
### 
Rabbi Jacob Voorsanger of the
Temple Emanu-El, San Francisco,
will occupy the pulpit of the Me
morial Church next Sunday morn
ing. The noted divine has selected
as the subject of his sermon, "Can
or Does Science Condition a Belief
in God?"
Rabbi Jacob Voorsanger of the
Temple Emanu-El, San Francisco,
will occupy the pulpit of the Me
morial Church next Sunday morn
ing. The noted divine has selected
as the subject of his sermon, "Can
or Does Science Condition a Belief
in God?"
Rabbi Jacob Voorsanger of the
Temple Emanu-El, San Francisco,
will occupy the pulpit of the Me
morial Church next Sunday morn
ing. The noted divine has selected
as the subject of his sermon, "Can
or Does Science Condition a Belief
in God?"
Rabbi Jacob Voorsanger of the
Temple Emanu-El, San Francisco,
will occupy the pulpit of the Me
morial Church next Sunday morn
ing. The noted divine has selected
as the subject of his sermon, "Can
or Does Science Condition a Belief
in God?"
Rabbi Jacob Voorsanger of the
Temple Emanu-El, San Francisco,
will occupy the pulpit of the Me
morial Church next Sunday morn
ing. The noted divine has selected
as the subject of his sermon, "Can
or Does Science Condition a Belief
in God?"
Rabbi Jacob Voorsanger of the
Temple Emanu-El, San Francisco,
will occupy the pulpit of the Me
morial Church next Sunday morn
ing. The noted divine has selected
as the subject of his sermon, "Can
or Does Science Condition a Belief
in God?"
Rabbi Jacob Voorsanger of the
Temple Emanu-El, San Francisco,
will occupy the pulpit of the Me
morial Church next Sunday morn
ing. The noted divine has selected
as the subject of his sermon, "Can
or Does Science Condition a Belief
in God?"
Rabbi Jacob Voorsanger of the
Temple Emanu-El, San Francisco,
will occupy the pulpit of the Me
morial Church next Sunday morn
ing. The noted divine has selected
as the subject of his sermon, "Can
or Does Science Condition a Belief
in God?"
