# Tribute from High School.
## 
### 
The students of the Santa Clara
High School met yesterday and
appointed a committee to purchase
a floral piece for the funeral ofl
Mrs. Stanford.
The students of the Santa Clara
High School met yesterday and
appointed a committee to purchase
a floral piece for the funeral ofl
Mrs. Stanford.
The students of the Santa Clara
High School met yesterday and
appointed a committee to purchase
a floral piece for the funeral ofl
Mrs. Stanford.
The students of the Santa Clara
High School met yesterday and
appointed a committee to purchase
a floral piece for the funeral ofl
Mrs. Stanford.
The students of the Santa Clara
High School met yesterday and
appointed a committee to purchase
a floral piece for the funeral ofl
Mrs. Stanford.
The students of the Santa Clara
High School met yesterday and
appointed a committee to purchase
a floral piece for the funeral ofl
Mrs. Stanford.
The students of the Santa Clara
High School met yesterday and
appointed a committee to purchase
a floral piece for the funeral ofl
Mrs. Stanford.
The students of the Santa Clara
High School met yesterday and
appointed a committee to purchase
a floral piece for the funeral ofl
Mrs. Stanford.
