# Adv. 4 Page 1
## 
### 
j .
FREE
CAMERAS
100 Eastman cameras
are being given away
to purchasers of three
50c packs of films.
We make this offer to
interest new kodakers
—future friends for
SERVICE
j .
FREE
CAMERAS
100 Eastman cameras
are being given away
to purchasers of three
50c packs of films.
We make this offer to
interest new kodakers
—future friends for
SERVICE
j .
FREE
CAMERAS
100 Eastman cameras
are being given away
to purchasers of three
50c packs of films.
We make this offer to
interest new kodakers
—future friends for
SERVICE
j .
FREE
CAMERAS
100 Eastman cameras
are being given away
to purchasers of three
50c packs of films.
We make this offer to
interest new kodakers
—future friends for
SERVICE
j .
FREE
CAMERAS
100 Eastman cameras
are being given away
to purchasers of three
50c packs of films.
We make this offer to
interest new kodakers
—future friends for
SERVICE
j .
FREE
CAMERAS
100 Eastman cameras
are being given away
to purchasers of three
50c packs of films.
We make this offer to
interest new kodakers
—future friends for
SERVICE
j .
FREE
CAMERAS
100 Eastman cameras
are being given away
to purchasers of three
50c packs of films.
We make this offer to
interest new kodakers
—future friends for
SERVICE
j .
FREE
CAMERAS
100 Eastman cameras
are being given away
to purchasers of three
50c packs of films.
We make this offer to
interest new kodakers
—future friends for
SERVICE
j .
FREE
CAMERAS
100 Eastman cameras
are being given away
to purchasers of three
50c packs of films.
We make this offer to
interest new kodakers
—future friends for
SERVICE
j .
FREE
CAMERAS
100 Eastman cameras
are being given away
to purchasers of three
50c packs of films.
We make this offer to
interest new kodakers
—future friends for
SERVICE
j .
FREE
CAMERAS
100 Eastman cameras
are being given away
to purchasers of three
50c packs of films.
We make this offer to
interest new kodakers
—future friends for
SERVICE
j .
FREE
CAMERAS
100 Eastman cameras
are being given away
to purchasers of three
50c packs of films.
We make this offer to
interest new kodakers
—future friends for
SERVICE
j .
FREE
CAMERAS
100 Eastman cameras
are being given away
to purchasers of three
50c packs of films.
We make this offer to
interest new kodakers
—future friends for
SERVICE
j .
FREE
CAMERAS
100 Eastman cameras
are being given away
to purchasers of three
50c packs of films.
We make this offer to
interest new kodakers
—future friends for
SERVICE
j .
FREE
CAMERAS
100 Eastman cameras
are being given away
to purchasers of three
50c packs of films.
We make this offer to
interest new kodakers
—future friends for
SERVICE
