# Women Commence Play of Interclass Tennis Matches
## 
### 
Opening matches in the women's in
terclass tennis tournament were play
ed this afternoon in accordance with
the drawings made this morning by
Frances Clancy, tennis manager.
Twenty-seven women have entered
the tournament.
Three seniors, three juniors, twelve
i sophomores, and nine freshmen will
compete for the class titles, the Uni
versity champion being determined
from the class winners. Play between
the class champions will be arranged
so that the University title will be
determined at the Field Day matches.
Opening matches in the women's in
terclass tennis tournament were play
ed this afternoon in accordance with
the drawings made this morning by
Frances Clancy, tennis manager.
Twenty-seven women have entered
the tournament.
Three seniors, three juniors, twelve
i sophomores, and nine freshmen will
compete for the class titles, the Uni
versity champion being determined
from the class winners. Play between
the class champions will be arranged
so that the University title will be
determined at the Field Day matches.
Opening matches in the women's in
terclass tennis tournament were play
ed this afternoon in accordance with
the drawings made this morning by
Frances Clancy, tennis manager.
Twenty-seven women have entered
the tournament.
Three seniors, three juniors, twelve
i sophomores, and nine freshmen will
compete for the class titles, the Uni
versity champion being determined
from the class winners. Play between
the class champions will be arranged
so that the University title will be
determined at the Field Day matches.
Opening matches in the women's in
terclass tennis tournament were play
ed this afternoon in accordance with
the drawings made this morning by
Frances Clancy, tennis manager.
Twenty-seven women have entered
the tournament.
Three seniors, three juniors, twelve
i sophomores, and nine freshmen will
compete for the class titles, the Uni
versity champion being determined
from the class winners. Play between
the class champions will be arranged
so that the University title will be
determined at the Field Day matches.
Opening matches in the women's in
terclass tennis tournament were play
ed this afternoon in accordance with
the drawings made this morning by
Frances Clancy, tennis manager.
Twenty-seven women have entered
the tournament.
Three seniors, three juniors, twelve
i sophomores, and nine freshmen will
compete for the class titles, the Uni
versity champion being determined
from the class winners. Play between
the class champions will be arranged
so that the University title will be
determined at the Field Day matches.
Opening matches in the women's in
terclass tennis tournament were play
ed this afternoon in accordance with
the drawings made this morning by
Frances Clancy, tennis manager.
Twenty-seven women have entered
the tournament.
Three seniors, three juniors, twelve
i sophomores, and nine freshmen will
compete for the class titles, the Uni
versity champion being determined
from the class winners. Play between
the class champions will be arranged
so that the University title will be
determined at the Field Day matches.
Opening matches in the women's in
terclass tennis tournament were play
ed this afternoon in accordance with
the drawings made this morning by
Frances Clancy, tennis manager.
Twenty-seven women have entered
the tournament.
Three seniors, three juniors, twelve
i sophomores, and nine freshmen will
compete for the class titles, the Uni
versity champion being determined
from the class winners. Play between
the class champions will be arranged
so that the University title will be
determined at the Field Day matches.
Opening matches in the women's in
terclass tennis tournament were play
ed this afternoon in accordance with
the drawings made this morning by
Frances Clancy, tennis manager.
Twenty-seven women have entered
the tournament.
Three seniors, three juniors, twelve
i sophomores, and nine freshmen will
compete for the class titles, the Uni
versity champion being determined
from the class winners. Play between
the class champions will be arranged
so that the University title will be
determined at the Field Day matches.
Opening matches in the women's in
terclass tennis tournament were play
ed this afternoon in accordance with
the drawings made this morning by
Frances Clancy, tennis manager.
Twenty-seven women have entered
the tournament.
Three seniors, three juniors, twelve
i sophomores, and nine freshmen will
compete for the class titles, the Uni
versity champion being determined
from the class winners. Play between
the class champions will be arranged
so that the University title will be
determined at the Field Day matches.
Opening matches in the women's in
terclass tennis tournament were play
ed this afternoon in accordance with
the drawings made this morning by
Frances Clancy, tennis manager.
Twenty-seven women have entered
the tournament.
Three seniors, three juniors, twelve
i sophomores, and nine freshmen will
compete for the class titles, the Uni
versity champion being determined
from the class winners. Play between
the class champions will be arranged
so that the University title will be
determined at the Field Day matches.
Opening matches in the women's in
terclass tennis tournament were play
ed this afternoon in accordance with
the drawings made this morning by
Frances Clancy, tennis manager.
Twenty-seven women have entered
the tournament.
Three seniors, three juniors, twelve
i sophomores, and nine freshmen will
compete for the class titles, the Uni
versity champion being determined
from the class winners. Play between
the class champions will be arranged
so that the University title will be
determined at the Field Day matches.
Opening matches in the women's in
terclass tennis tournament were play
ed this afternoon in accordance with
the drawings made this morning by
Frances Clancy, tennis manager.
Twenty-seven women have entered
the tournament.
Three seniors, three juniors, twelve
i sophomores, and nine freshmen will
compete for the class titles, the Uni
versity champion being determined
from the class winners. Play between
the class champions will be arranged
so that the University title will be
determined at the Field Day matches.
Opening matches in the women's in
terclass tennis tournament were play
ed this afternoon in accordance with
the drawings made this morning by
Frances Clancy, tennis manager.
Twenty-seven women have entered
the tournament.
Three seniors, three juniors, twelve
i sophomores, and nine freshmen will
compete for the class titles, the Uni
versity champion being determined
from the class winners. Play between
the class champions will be arranged
so that the University title will be
determined at the Field Day matches.
Opening matches in the women's in
terclass tennis tournament were play
ed this afternoon in accordance with
the drawings made this morning by
Frances Clancy, tennis manager.
Twenty-seven women have entered
the tournament.
Three seniors, three juniors, twelve
i sophomores, and nine freshmen will
compete for the class titles, the Uni
versity champion being determined
from the class winners. Play between
the class champions will be arranged
so that the University title will be
determined at the Field Day matches.
