# BRANNER MAN OUT TO BREAK PRESENT CITY BICYCLE TIME
## 
### 
Although he hasn't peddled a
bicycle for over five years, John
A. Leiter of Branner Hall will
attempt to set a Stanford record
by cycling from Palo Alto to San
Francisco on May 22.
By the conditions of the wager,
Leiter must reach Golden Gate
Park, San Francisco, in three
hours' running time. George N.
Crocker, varsity debater, is to
be the judge of the finish, which
will be Nineteenth Avenue and
Lincoln Way.
Leiter is looking for a suitable
wheel to use and expects to begin
intensive training within a few
days. The ambitious rider will not
be allowed to secure tows or re
ceive any assistance from inter
ested parties while on the high
way.
