# CALIFORNIA SOCIAL SCIENCES BODY TO HOLD PARLEY HERE
## 
### 
The California Academy of Social
Sciences will hold its annual conference
Saturday at Stanford University. The
morning session will be opened at 10
o'clock and close in time for luncheon
at 12:15 o'clock at the Stanford Union.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will wel
come the delegates at the morning ses
sion, and A. M. Cathcart will speak on
"The Causes of Crime in America."
Chester Rowell will preside at the
meeting, and talk on "Certain Aspects
of the Crime Question" at the luncheon.
In the afternoon four round table sec
tions will meet. The subjects to be con
sidered are "Some Problems of the Pa
cific of Immediate Interest to the
United States," "Statistical Methods as
Applied to Social Sciences," "Judicial
and Social Aspects of the Crime Prob
lem," and "Psychological Methods in
Selection and Guidance of College Stu
dents." Dr. David Starr Jordan will
lead part of the discussion concerning
the problems of the Pacific.
The Academy of Social Sciences,
which is not limited in membership to
University professors, has extended an
invitation to any interested in the sub
jects to join the sessions.
The California Academy of Social
Sciences will hold its annual conference
Saturday at Stanford University. The
morning session will be opened at 10
o'clock and close in time for luncheon
at 12:15 o'clock at the Stanford Union.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will wel
come the delegates at the morning ses
sion, and A. M. Cathcart will speak on
"The Causes of Crime in America."
Chester Rowell will preside at the
meeting, and talk on "Certain Aspects
of the Crime Question" at the luncheon.
In the afternoon four round table sec
tions will meet. The subjects to be con
sidered are "Some Problems of the Pa
cific of Immediate Interest to the
United States," "Statistical Methods as
Applied to Social Sciences," "Judicial
and Social Aspects of the Crime Prob
lem," and "Psychological Methods in
Selection and Guidance of College Stu
dents." Dr. David Starr Jordan will
lead part of the discussion concerning
the problems of the Pacific.
The Academy of Social Sciences,
which is not limited in membership to
University professors, has extended an
invitation to any interested in the sub
jects to join the sessions.
The California Academy of Social
Sciences will hold its annual conference
Saturday at Stanford University. The
morning session will be opened at 10
o'clock and close in time for luncheon
at 12:15 o'clock at the Stanford Union.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will wel
come the delegates at the morning ses
sion, and A. M. Cathcart will speak on
"The Causes of Crime in America."
Chester Rowell will preside at the
meeting, and talk on "Certain Aspects
of the Crime Question" at the luncheon.
In the afternoon four round table sec
tions will meet. The subjects to be con
sidered are "Some Problems of the Pa
cific of Immediate Interest to the
United States," "Statistical Methods as
Applied to Social Sciences," "Judicial
and Social Aspects of the Crime Prob
lem," and "Psychological Methods in
Selection and Guidance of College Stu
dents." Dr. David Starr Jordan will
lead part of the discussion concerning
the problems of the Pacific.
The Academy of Social Sciences,
which is not limited in membership to
University professors, has extended an
invitation to any interested in the sub
jects to join the sessions.
The California Academy of Social
Sciences will hold its annual conference
Saturday at Stanford University. The
morning session will be opened at 10
o'clock and close in time for luncheon
at 12:15 o'clock at the Stanford Union.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will wel
come the delegates at the morning ses
sion, and A. M. Cathcart will speak on
"The Causes of Crime in America."
Chester Rowell will preside at the
meeting, and talk on "Certain Aspects
of the Crime Question" at the luncheon.
In the afternoon four round table sec
tions will meet. The subjects to be con
sidered are "Some Problems of the Pa
cific of Immediate Interest to the
United States," "Statistical Methods as
Applied to Social Sciences," "Judicial
and Social Aspects of the Crime Prob
lem," and "Psychological Methods in
Selection and Guidance of College Stu
dents." Dr. David Starr Jordan will
lead part of the discussion concerning
the problems of the Pacific.
The Academy of Social Sciences,
which is not limited in membership to
University professors, has extended an
invitation to any interested in the sub
jects to join the sessions.
The California Academy of Social
Sciences will hold its annual conference
Saturday at Stanford University. The
morning session will be opened at 10
o'clock and close in time for luncheon
at 12:15 o'clock at the Stanford Union.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will wel
come the delegates at the morning ses
sion, and A. M. Cathcart will speak on
"The Causes of Crime in America."
Chester Rowell will preside at the
meeting, and talk on "Certain Aspects
of the Crime Question" at the luncheon.
In the afternoon four round table sec
tions will meet. The subjects to be con
sidered are "Some Problems of the Pa
cific of Immediate Interest to the
United States," "Statistical Methods as
Applied to Social Sciences," "Judicial
and Social Aspects of the Crime Prob
lem," and "Psychological Methods in
Selection and Guidance of College Stu
dents." Dr. David Starr Jordan will
lead part of the discussion concerning
the problems of the Pacific.
The Academy of Social Sciences,
which is not limited in membership to
University professors, has extended an
invitation to any interested in the sub
jects to join the sessions.
The California Academy of Social
Sciences will hold its annual conference
Saturday at Stanford University. The
morning session will be opened at 10
o'clock and close in time for luncheon
at 12:15 o'clock at the Stanford Union.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will wel
come the delegates at the morning ses
sion, and A. M. Cathcart will speak on
"The Causes of Crime in America."
Chester Rowell will preside at the
meeting, and talk on "Certain Aspects
of the Crime Question" at the luncheon.
In the afternoon four round table sec
tions will meet. The subjects to be con
sidered are "Some Problems of the Pa
cific of Immediate Interest to the
United States," "Statistical Methods as
Applied to Social Sciences," "Judicial
and Social Aspects of the Crime Prob
lem," and "Psychological Methods in
Selection and Guidance of College Stu
dents." Dr. David Starr Jordan will
lead part of the discussion concerning
the problems of the Pacific.
The Academy of Social Sciences,
which is not limited in membership to
University professors, has extended an
invitation to any interested in the sub
jects to join the sessions.
The California Academy of Social
Sciences will hold its annual conference
Saturday at Stanford University. The
morning session will be opened at 10
o'clock and close in time for luncheon
at 12:15 o'clock at the Stanford Union.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will wel
come the delegates at the morning ses
sion, and A. M. Cathcart will speak on
"The Causes of Crime in America."
Chester Rowell will preside at the
meeting, and talk on "Certain Aspects
of the Crime Question" at the luncheon.
In the afternoon four round table sec
tions will meet. The subjects to be con
sidered are "Some Problems of the Pa
cific of Immediate Interest to the
United States," "Statistical Methods as
Applied to Social Sciences," "Judicial
and Social Aspects of the Crime Prob
lem," and "Psychological Methods in
Selection and Guidance of College Stu
dents." Dr. David Starr Jordan will
lead part of the discussion concerning
the problems of the Pacific.
The Academy of Social Sciences,
which is not limited in membership to
University professors, has extended an
invitation to any interested in the sub
jects to join the sessions.
The California Academy of Social
Sciences will hold its annual conference
Saturday at Stanford University. The
morning session will be opened at 10
o'clock and close in time for luncheon
at 12:15 o'clock at the Stanford Union.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will wel
come the delegates at the morning ses
sion, and A. M. Cathcart will speak on
"The Causes of Crime in America."
Chester Rowell will preside at the
meeting, and talk on "Certain Aspects
of the Crime Question" at the luncheon.
In the afternoon four round table sec
tions will meet. The subjects to be con
sidered are "Some Problems of the Pa
cific of Immediate Interest to the
United States," "Statistical Methods as
Applied to Social Sciences," "Judicial
and Social Aspects of the Crime Prob
lem," and "Psychological Methods in
Selection and Guidance of College Stu
dents." Dr. David Starr Jordan will
lead part of the discussion concerning
the problems of the Pacific.
The Academy of Social Sciences,
which is not limited in membership to
University professors, has extended an
invitation to any interested in the sub
jects to join the sessions.
The California Academy of Social
Sciences will hold its annual conference
Saturday at Stanford University. The
morning session will be opened at 10
o'clock and close in time for luncheon
at 12:15 o'clock at the Stanford Union.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will wel
come the delegates at the morning ses
sion, and A. M. Cathcart will speak on
"The Causes of Crime in America."
Chester Rowell will preside at the
meeting, and talk on "Certain Aspects
of the Crime Question" at the luncheon.
In the afternoon four round table sec
tions will meet. The subjects to be con
sidered are "Some Problems of the Pa
cific of Immediate Interest to the
United States," "Statistical Methods as
Applied to Social Sciences," "Judicial
and Social Aspects of the Crime Prob
lem," and "Psychological Methods in
Selection and Guidance of College Stu
dents." Dr. David Starr Jordan will
lead part of the discussion concerning
the problems of the Pacific.
The Academy of Social Sciences,
which is not limited in membership to
University professors, has extended an
invitation to any interested in the sub
jects to join the sessions.
The California Academy of Social
Sciences will hold its annual conference
Saturday at Stanford University. The
morning session will be opened at 10
o'clock and close in time for luncheon
at 12:15 o'clock at the Stanford Union.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will wel
come the delegates at the morning ses
sion, and A. M. Cathcart will speak on
"The Causes of Crime in America."
Chester Rowell will preside at the
meeting, and talk on "Certain Aspects
of the Crime Question" at the luncheon.
In the afternoon four round table sec
tions will meet. The subjects to be con
sidered are "Some Problems of the Pa
cific of Immediate Interest to the
United States," "Statistical Methods as
Applied to Social Sciences," "Judicial
and Social Aspects of the Crime Prob
lem," and "Psychological Methods in
Selection and Guidance of College Stu
dents." Dr. David Starr Jordan will
lead part of the discussion concerning
the problems of the Pacific.
The Academy of Social Sciences,
which is not limited in membership to
University professors, has extended an
invitation to any interested in the sub
jects to join the sessions.
The California Academy of Social
Sciences will hold its annual conference
Saturday at Stanford University. The
morning session will be opened at 10
o'clock and close in time for luncheon
at 12:15 o'clock at the Stanford Union.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will wel
come the delegates at the morning ses
sion, and A. M. Cathcart will speak on
"The Causes of Crime in America."
Chester Rowell will preside at the
meeting, and talk on "Certain Aspects
of the Crime Question" at the luncheon.
In the afternoon four round table sec
tions will meet. The subjects to be con
sidered are "Some Problems of the Pa
cific of Immediate Interest to the
United States," "Statistical Methods as
Applied to Social Sciences," "Judicial
and Social Aspects of the Crime Prob
lem," and "Psychological Methods in
Selection and Guidance of College Stu
dents." Dr. David Starr Jordan will
lead part of the discussion concerning
the problems of the Pacific.
The Academy of Social Sciences,
which is not limited in membership to
University professors, has extended an
invitation to any interested in the sub
jects to join the sessions.
The California Academy of Social
Sciences will hold its annual conference
Saturday at Stanford University. The
morning session will be opened at 10
o'clock and close in time for luncheon
at 12:15 o'clock at the Stanford Union.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will wel
come the delegates at the morning ses
sion, and A. M. Cathcart will speak on
"The Causes of Crime in America."
Chester Rowell will preside at the
meeting, and talk on "Certain Aspects
of the Crime Question" at the luncheon.
In the afternoon four round table sec
tions will meet. The subjects to be con
sidered are "Some Problems of the Pa
cific of Immediate Interest to the
United States," "Statistical Methods as
Applied to Social Sciences," "Judicial
and Social Aspects of the Crime Prob
lem," and "Psychological Methods in
Selection and Guidance of College Stu
dents." Dr. David Starr Jordan will
lead part of the discussion concerning
the problems of the Pacific.
The Academy of Social Sciences,
which is not limited in membership to
University professors, has extended an
invitation to any interested in the sub
jects to join the sessions.
The California Academy of Social
Sciences will hold its annual conference
Saturday at Stanford University. The
morning session will be opened at 10
o'clock and close in time for luncheon
at 12:15 o'clock at the Stanford Union.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will wel
come the delegates at the morning ses
sion, and A. M. Cathcart will speak on
"The Causes of Crime in America."
Chester Rowell will preside at the
meeting, and talk on "Certain Aspects
of the Crime Question" at the luncheon.
In the afternoon four round table sec
tions will meet. The subjects to be con
sidered are "Some Problems of the Pa
cific of Immediate Interest to the
United States," "Statistical Methods as
Applied to Social Sciences," "Judicial
and Social Aspects of the Crime Prob
lem," and "Psychological Methods in
Selection and Guidance of College Stu
dents." Dr. David Starr Jordan will
lead part of the discussion concerning
the problems of the Pacific.
The Academy of Social Sciences,
which is not limited in membership to
University professors, has extended an
invitation to any interested in the sub
jects to join the sessions.
The California Academy of Social
Sciences will hold its annual conference
Saturday at Stanford University. The
morning session will be opened at 10
o'clock and close in time for luncheon
at 12:15 o'clock at the Stanford Union.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will wel
come the delegates at the morning ses
sion, and A. M. Cathcart will speak on
"The Causes of Crime in America."
Chester Rowell will preside at the
meeting, and talk on "Certain Aspects
of the Crime Question" at the luncheon.
In the afternoon four round table sec
tions will meet. The subjects to be con
sidered are "Some Problems of the Pa
cific of Immediate Interest to the
United States," "Statistical Methods as
Applied to Social Sciences," "Judicial
and Social Aspects of the Crime Prob
lem," and "Psychological Methods in
Selection and Guidance of College Stu
dents." Dr. David Starr Jordan will
lead part of the discussion concerning
the problems of the Pacific.
The Academy of Social Sciences,
which is not limited in membership to
University professors, has extended an
invitation to any interested in the sub
jects to join the sessions.
