# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A new library costing $403,000 was
dedicated recently at the University
of Arizona.
A new library costing $403,000 was
dedicated recently at the University
of Arizona.
A new library costing $403,000 was
dedicated recently at the University
of Arizona.
A new library costing $403,000 was
dedicated recently at the University
of Arizona.
A new library costing $403,000 was
dedicated recently at the University
of Arizona.
A new library costing $403,000 was
dedicated recently at the University
of Arizona.
A new library costing $403,000 was
dedicated recently at the University
of Arizona.
A new library costing $403,000 was
dedicated recently at the University
of Arizona.
A new library costing $403,000 was
dedicated recently at the University
of Arizona.
A new library costing $403,000 was
dedicated recently at the University
of Arizona.
A new library costing $403,000 was
dedicated recently at the University
of Arizona.
A new library costing $403,000 was
dedicated recently at the University
of Arizona.
A new library costing $403,000 was
dedicated recently at the University
of Arizona.
A new library costing $403,000 was
dedicated recently at the University
of Arizona.
A new library costing $403,000 was
dedicated recently at the University
of Arizona.
