# Blanche Wagner to Hold Informal Reception Today
## 
### 
Blanche C. Wagner, whose paintings
are on exhibition in the Stanford Art
Gallery at the present time, will be
received this afternoon at 2 o'clock
in the room of her exhibition by mem
bers of Delta Epsilon, national art
fraternity. Madame Wagner will also
at this time meet students and people
interested in art in an informal re
ception.
Blanche C. Wagner, whose paintings
are on exhibition in the Stanford Art
Gallery at the present time, will be
received this afternoon at 2 o'clock
in the room of her exhibition by mem
bers of Delta Epsilon, national art
fraternity. Madame Wagner will also
at this time meet students and people
interested in art in an informal re
ception.
Blanche C. Wagner, whose paintings
are on exhibition in the Stanford Art
Gallery at the present time, will be
received this afternoon at 2 o'clock
in the room of her exhibition by mem
bers of Delta Epsilon, national art
fraternity. Madame Wagner will also
at this time meet students and people
interested in art in an informal re
ception.
Blanche C. Wagner, whose paintings
are on exhibition in the Stanford Art
Gallery at the present time, will be
received this afternoon at 2 o'clock
in the room of her exhibition by mem
bers of Delta Epsilon, national art
fraternity. Madame Wagner will also
at this time meet students and people
interested in art in an informal re
ception.
Blanche C. Wagner, whose paintings
are on exhibition in the Stanford Art
Gallery at the present time, will be
received this afternoon at 2 o'clock
in the room of her exhibition by mem
bers of Delta Epsilon, national art
fraternity. Madame Wagner will also
at this time meet students and people
interested in art in an informal re
ception.
Blanche C. Wagner, whose paintings
are on exhibition in the Stanford Art
Gallery at the present time, will be
received this afternoon at 2 o'clock
in the room of her exhibition by mem
bers of Delta Epsilon, national art
fraternity. Madame Wagner will also
at this time meet students and people
interested in art in an informal re
ception.
Blanche C. Wagner, whose paintings
are on exhibition in the Stanford Art
Gallery at the present time, will be
received this afternoon at 2 o'clock
in the room of her exhibition by mem
bers of Delta Epsilon, national art
fraternity. Madame Wagner will also
at this time meet students and people
interested in art in an informal re
ception.
Blanche C. Wagner, whose paintings
are on exhibition in the Stanford Art
Gallery at the present time, will be
received this afternoon at 2 o'clock
in the room of her exhibition by mem
bers of Delta Epsilon, national art
fraternity. Madame Wagner will also
at this time meet students and people
interested in art in an informal re
ception.
Blanche C. Wagner, whose paintings
are on exhibition in the Stanford Art
Gallery at the present time, will be
received this afternoon at 2 o'clock
in the room of her exhibition by mem
bers of Delta Epsilon, national art
fraternity. Madame Wagner will also
at this time meet students and people
interested in art in an informal re
ception.
Blanche C. Wagner, whose paintings
are on exhibition in the Stanford Art
Gallery at the present time, will be
received this afternoon at 2 o'clock
in the room of her exhibition by mem
bers of Delta Epsilon, national art
fraternity. Madame Wagner will also
at this time meet students and people
interested in art in an informal re
ception.
Blanche C. Wagner, whose paintings
are on exhibition in the Stanford Art
Gallery at the present time, will be
received this afternoon at 2 o'clock
in the room of her exhibition by mem
bers of Delta Epsilon, national art
fraternity. Madame Wagner will also
at this time meet students and people
interested in art in an informal re
ception.
Blanche C. Wagner, whose paintings
are on exhibition in the Stanford Art
Gallery at the present time, will be
received this afternoon at 2 o'clock
in the room of her exhibition by mem
bers of Delta Epsilon, national art
fraternity. Madame Wagner will also
at this time meet students and people
interested in art in an informal re
ception.
Blanche C. Wagner, whose paintings
are on exhibition in the Stanford Art
Gallery at the present time, will be
received this afternoon at 2 o'clock
in the room of her exhibition by mem
bers of Delta Epsilon, national art
fraternity. Madame Wagner will also
at this time meet students and people
interested in art in an informal re
ception.
Blanche C. Wagner, whose paintings
are on exhibition in the Stanford Art
Gallery at the present time, will be
received this afternoon at 2 o'clock
in the room of her exhibition by mem
bers of Delta Epsilon, national art
fraternity. Madame Wagner will also
at this time meet students and people
interested in art in an informal re
ception.
Blanche C. Wagner, whose paintings
are on exhibition in the Stanford Art
Gallery at the present time, will be
received this afternoon at 2 o'clock
in the room of her exhibition by mem
bers of Delta Epsilon, national art
fraternity. Madame Wagner will also
at this time meet students and people
interested in art in an informal re
ception.
