# Plan Proposes Training Class For Sponsors
## Clearing House Appoints Committee to Study Proposal for Institute 
### 
Plans for an institute to train next
year's sponsors were presented and
discussed at the Clearing House
meeting last Thursday by Gretchen
Reinemund, chairman of the com
mittee to plan the institute, who
outlined the proposed action and
purposes of the institute meetings.
She is assisted by Mary Craig, for
mer head sponsor at Roble; Dorothy
Twelves, The Onk.s; Virginia Sterry,
Roble; Barbara Paine, Row; and
Winnie Jean Smith, Lagunita.
According to present plans, Dr.
Harold Hand, of the education de
partment, will address the first of
four meetings this quarter, on the
subject, "The Theory of Student
Government." A panel discussion on
"The Machinery for Student Gov
ernment at Stanford" will be fea
tured at the second meeting of the
institute.
Mr. Lee Chapin, debate coach, will
conduct a discussion of the Honor
Code, and how it should be pre
sented, at the third meeting. Fourth
and last meeting of this quarter
will deal with special cases which
arise in freshman orientation.
Completion of the series will come
at the beginning of next fall quar
ter, with a general review of the
spring institute. Men and women
sponsors will also meet for a dis
cussion of freshman dating, as re
gards the President's reception and
other campus functions.
All municipal offices of New Al
bany, Kansas, are held by women.
Plans for an institute to train next
year's sponsors were presented and
discussed at the Clearing House
meeting last Thursday by Gretchen
Reinemund, chairman of the com
mittee to plan the institute, who
outlined the proposed action and
purposes of the institute meetings.
She is assisted by Mary Craig, for
mer head sponsor at Roble; Dorothy
Twelves, The Onk.s; Virginia Sterry,
Roble; Barbara Paine, Row; and
Winnie Jean Smith, Lagunita.
According to present plans, Dr.
Harold Hand, of the education de
partment, will address the first of
four meetings this quarter, on the
subject, "The Theory of Student
Government." A panel discussion on
"The Machinery for Student Gov
ernment at Stanford" will be fea
tured at the second meeting of the
institute.
Mr. Lee Chapin, debate coach, will
conduct a discussion of the Honor
Code, and how it should be pre
sented, at the third meeting. Fourth
and last meeting of this quarter
will deal with special cases which
arise in freshman orientation.
Completion of the series will come
at the beginning of next fall quar
ter, with a general review of the
spring institute. Men and women
sponsors will also meet for a dis
cussion of freshman dating, as re
gards the President's reception and
other campus functions.
All municipal offices of New Al
bany, Kansas, are held by women.
Plans for an institute to train next
year's sponsors were presented and
discussed at the Clearing House
meeting last Thursday by Gretchen
Reinemund, chairman of the com
mittee to plan the institute, who
outlined the proposed action and
purposes of the institute meetings.
She is assisted by Mary Craig, for
mer head sponsor at Roble; Dorothy
Twelves, The Onk.s; Virginia Sterry,
Roble; Barbara Paine, Row; and
Winnie Jean Smith, Lagunita.
According to present plans, Dr.
Harold Hand, of the education de
partment, will address the first of
four meetings this quarter, on the
subject, "The Theory of Student
Government." A panel discussion on
"The Machinery for Student Gov
ernment at Stanford" will be fea
tured at the second meeting of the
institute.
Mr. Lee Chapin, debate coach, will
conduct a discussion of the Honor
Code, and how it should be pre
sented, at the third meeting. Fourth
and last meeting of this quarter
will deal with special cases which
arise in freshman orientation.
Completion of the series will come
at the beginning of next fall quar
ter, with a general review of the
spring institute. Men and women
sponsors will also meet for a dis
cussion of freshman dating, as re
gards the President's reception and
other campus functions.
All municipal offices of New Al
bany, Kansas, are held by women.
Plans for an institute to train next
year's sponsors were presented and
discussed at the Clearing House
meeting last Thursday by Gretchen
Reinemund, chairman of the com
mittee to plan the institute, who
outlined the proposed action and
purposes of the institute meetings.
She is assisted by Mary Craig, for
mer head sponsor at Roble; Dorothy
Twelves, The Onk.s; Virginia Sterry,
Roble; Barbara Paine, Row; and
Winnie Jean Smith, Lagunita.
According to present plans, Dr.
Harold Hand, of the education de
partment, will address the first of
four meetings this quarter, on the
subject, "The Theory of Student
Government." A panel discussion on
"The Machinery for Student Gov
ernment at Stanford" will be fea
tured at the second meeting of the
institute.
Mr. Lee Chapin, debate coach, will
conduct a discussion of the Honor
Code, and how it should be pre
sented, at the third meeting. Fourth
and last meeting of this quarter
will deal with special cases which
arise in freshman orientation.
Completion of the series will come
at the beginning of next fall quar
ter, with a general review of the
spring institute. Men and women
sponsors will also meet for a dis
cussion of freshman dating, as re
gards the President's reception and
other campus functions.
All municipal offices of New Al
bany, Kansas, are held by women.
Plans for an institute to train next
year's sponsors were presented and
discussed at the Clearing House
meeting last Thursday by Gretchen
Reinemund, chairman of the com
mittee to plan the institute, who
outlined the proposed action and
purposes of the institute meetings.
She is assisted by Mary Craig, for
mer head sponsor at Roble; Dorothy
Twelves, The Onk.s; Virginia Sterry,
Roble; Barbara Paine, Row; and
Winnie Jean Smith, Lagunita.
According to present plans, Dr.
Harold Hand, of the education de
partment, will address the first of
four meetings this quarter, on the
subject, "The Theory of Student
Government." A panel discussion on
"The Machinery for Student Gov
ernment at Stanford" will be fea
tured at the second meeting of the
institute.
Mr. Lee Chapin, debate coach, will
conduct a discussion of the Honor
Code, and how it should be pre
sented, at the third meeting. Fourth
and last meeting of this quarter
will deal with special cases which
arise in freshman orientation.
Completion of the series will come
at the beginning of next fall quar
ter, with a general review of the
spring institute. Men and women
sponsors will also meet for a dis
cussion of freshman dating, as re
gards the President's reception and
other campus functions.
All municipal offices of New Al
bany, Kansas, are held by women.
Plans for an institute to train next
year's sponsors were presented and
discussed at the Clearing House
meeting last Thursday by Gretchen
Reinemund, chairman of the com
mittee to plan the institute, who
outlined the proposed action and
purposes of the institute meetings.
She is assisted by Mary Craig, for
mer head sponsor at Roble; Dorothy
Twelves, The Onk.s; Virginia Sterry,
Roble; Barbara Paine, Row; and
Winnie Jean Smith, Lagunita.
According to present plans, Dr.
Harold Hand, of the education de
partment, will address the first of
four meetings this quarter, on the
subject, "The Theory of Student
Government." A panel discussion on
"The Machinery for Student Gov
ernment at Stanford" will be fea
tured at the second meeting of the
institute.
Mr. Lee Chapin, debate coach, will
conduct a discussion of the Honor
Code, and how it should be pre
sented, at the third meeting. Fourth
and last meeting of this quarter
will deal with special cases which
arise in freshman orientation.
Completion of the series will come
at the beginning of next fall quar
ter, with a general review of the
spring institute. Men and women
sponsors will also meet for a dis
cussion of freshman dating, as re
gards the President's reception and
other campus functions.
All municipal offices of New Al
bany, Kansas, are held by women.
Plans for an institute to train next
year's sponsors were presented and
discussed at the Clearing House
meeting last Thursday by Gretchen
Reinemund, chairman of the com
mittee to plan the institute, who
outlined the proposed action and
purposes of the institute meetings.
She is assisted by Mary Craig, for
mer head sponsor at Roble; Dorothy
Twelves, The Onk.s; Virginia Sterry,
Roble; Barbara Paine, Row; and
Winnie Jean Smith, Lagunita.
According to present plans, Dr.
Harold Hand, of the education de
partment, will address the first of
four meetings this quarter, on the
subject, "The Theory of Student
Government." A panel discussion on
"The Machinery for Student Gov
ernment at Stanford" will be fea
tured at the second meeting of the
institute.
Mr. Lee Chapin, debate coach, will
conduct a discussion of the Honor
Code, and how it should be pre
sented, at the third meeting. Fourth
and last meeting of this quarter
will deal with special cases which
arise in freshman orientation.
Completion of the series will come
at the beginning of next fall quar
ter, with a general review of the
spring institute. Men and women
sponsors will also meet for a dis
cussion of freshman dating, as re
gards the President's reception and
other campus functions.
All municipal offices of New Al
bany, Kansas, are held by women.
Plans for an institute to train next
year's sponsors were presented and
discussed at the Clearing House
meeting last Thursday by Gretchen
Reinemund, chairman of the com
mittee to plan the institute, who
outlined the proposed action and
purposes of the institute meetings.
She is assisted by Mary Craig, for
mer head sponsor at Roble; Dorothy
Twelves, The Onk.s; Virginia Sterry,
Roble; Barbara Paine, Row; and
Winnie Jean Smith, Lagunita.
According to present plans, Dr.
Harold Hand, of the education de
partment, will address the first of
four meetings this quarter, on the
subject, "The Theory of Student
Government." A panel discussion on
"The Machinery for Student Gov
ernment at Stanford" will be fea
tured at the second meeting of the
institute.
Mr. Lee Chapin, debate coach, will
conduct a discussion of the Honor
Code, and how it should be pre
sented, at the third meeting. Fourth
and last meeting of this quarter
will deal with special cases which
arise in freshman orientation.
Completion of the series will come
at the beginning of next fall quar
ter, with a general review of the
spring institute. Men and women
sponsors will also meet for a dis
cussion of freshman dating, as re
gards the President's reception and
other campus functions.
All municipal offices of New Al
bany, Kansas, are held by women.
Plans for an institute to train next
year's sponsors were presented and
discussed at the Clearing House
meeting last Thursday by Gretchen
Reinemund, chairman of the com
mittee to plan the institute, who
outlined the proposed action and
purposes of the institute meetings.
She is assisted by Mary Craig, for
mer head sponsor at Roble; Dorothy
Twelves, The Onk.s; Virginia Sterry,
Roble; Barbara Paine, Row; and
Winnie Jean Smith, Lagunita.
According to present plans, Dr.
Harold Hand, of the education de
partment, will address the first of
four meetings this quarter, on the
subject, "The Theory of Student
Government." A panel discussion on
"The Machinery for Student Gov
ernment at Stanford" will be fea
tured at the second meeting of the
institute.
Mr. Lee Chapin, debate coach, will
conduct a discussion of the Honor
Code, and how it should be pre
sented, at the third meeting. Fourth
and last meeting of this quarter
will deal with special cases which
arise in freshman orientation.
Completion of the series will come
at the beginning of next fall quar
ter, with a general review of the
spring institute. Men and women
sponsors will also meet for a dis
cussion of freshman dating, as re
gards the President's reception and
other campus functions.
All municipal offices of New Al
bany, Kansas, are held by women.
Plans for an institute to train next
year's sponsors were presented and
discussed at the Clearing House
meeting last Thursday by Gretchen
Reinemund, chairman of the com
mittee to plan the institute, who
outlined the proposed action and
purposes of the institute meetings.
She is assisted by Mary Craig, for
mer head sponsor at Roble; Dorothy
Twelves, The Onk.s; Virginia Sterry,
Roble; Barbara Paine, Row; and
Winnie Jean Smith, Lagunita.
According to present plans, Dr.
Harold Hand, of the education de
partment, will address the first of
four meetings this quarter, on the
subject, "The Theory of Student
Government." A panel discussion on
"The Machinery for Student Gov
ernment at Stanford" will be fea
tured at the second meeting of the
institute.
Mr. Lee Chapin, debate coach, will
conduct a discussion of the Honor
Code, and how it should be pre
sented, at the third meeting. Fourth
and last meeting of this quarter
will deal with special cases which
arise in freshman orientation.
Completion of the series will come
at the beginning of next fall quar
ter, with a general review of the
spring institute. Men and women
sponsors will also meet for a dis
cussion of freshman dating, as re
gards the President's reception and
other campus functions.
All municipal offices of New Al
bany, Kansas, are held by women.
Plans for an institute to train next
year's sponsors were presented and
discussed at the Clearing House
meeting last Thursday by Gretchen
Reinemund, chairman of the com
mittee to plan the institute, who
outlined the proposed action and
purposes of the institute meetings.
She is assisted by Mary Craig, for
mer head sponsor at Roble; Dorothy
Twelves, The Onk.s; Virginia Sterry,
Roble; Barbara Paine, Row; and
Winnie Jean Smith, Lagunita.
According to present plans, Dr.
Harold Hand, of the education de
partment, will address the first of
four meetings this quarter, on the
subject, "The Theory of Student
Government." A panel discussion on
"The Machinery for Student Gov
ernment at Stanford" will be fea
tured at the second meeting of the
institute.
Mr. Lee Chapin, debate coach, will
conduct a discussion of the Honor
Code, and how it should be pre
sented, at the third meeting. Fourth
and last meeting of this quarter
will deal with special cases which
arise in freshman orientation.
Completion of the series will come
at the beginning of next fall quar
ter, with a general review of the
spring institute. Men and women
sponsors will also meet for a dis
cussion of freshman dating, as re
gards the President's reception and
other campus functions.
All municipal offices of New Al
bany, Kansas, are held by women.
Plans for an institute to train next
year's sponsors were presented and
discussed at the Clearing House
meeting last Thursday by Gretchen
Reinemund, chairman of the com
mittee to plan the institute, who
outlined the proposed action and
purposes of the institute meetings.
She is assisted by Mary Craig, for
mer head sponsor at Roble; Dorothy
Twelves, The Onk.s; Virginia Sterry,
Roble; Barbara Paine, Row; and
Winnie Jean Smith, Lagunita.
According to present plans, Dr.
Harold Hand, of the education de
partment, will address the first of
four meetings this quarter, on the
subject, "The Theory of Student
Government." A panel discussion on
"The Machinery for Student Gov
ernment at Stanford" will be fea
tured at the second meeting of the
institute.
Mr. Lee Chapin, debate coach, will
conduct a discussion of the Honor
Code, and how it should be pre
sented, at the third meeting. Fourth
and last meeting of this quarter
will deal with special cases which
arise in freshman orientation.
Completion of the series will come
at the beginning of next fall quar
ter, with a general review of the
spring institute. Men and women
sponsors will also meet for a dis
cussion of freshman dating, as re
gards the President's reception and
other campus functions.
All municipal offices of New Al
bany, Kansas, are held by women.
Plans for an institute to train next
year's sponsors were presented and
discussed at the Clearing House
meeting last Thursday by Gretchen
Reinemund, chairman of the com
mittee to plan the institute, who
outlined the proposed action and
purposes of the institute meetings.
She is assisted by Mary Craig, for
mer head sponsor at Roble; Dorothy
Twelves, The Onk.s; Virginia Sterry,
Roble; Barbara Paine, Row; and
Winnie Jean Smith, Lagunita.
According to present plans, Dr.
Harold Hand, of the education de
partment, will address the first of
four meetings this quarter, on the
subject, "The Theory of Student
Government." A panel discussion on
"The Machinery for Student Gov
ernment at Stanford" will be fea
tured at the second meeting of the
institute.
Mr. Lee Chapin, debate coach, will
conduct a discussion of the Honor
Code, and how it should be pre
sented, at the third meeting. Fourth
and last meeting of this quarter
will deal with special cases which
arise in freshman orientation.
Completion of the series will come
at the beginning of next fall quar
ter, with a general review of the
spring institute. Men and women
sponsors will also meet for a dis
cussion of freshman dating, as re
gards the President's reception and
other campus functions.
All municipal offices of New Al
bany, Kansas, are held by women.
Plans for an institute to train next
year's sponsors were presented and
discussed at the Clearing House
meeting last Thursday by Gretchen
Reinemund, chairman of the com
mittee to plan the institute, who
outlined the proposed action and
purposes of the institute meetings.
She is assisted by Mary Craig, for
mer head sponsor at Roble; Dorothy
Twelves, The Onk.s; Virginia Sterry,
Roble; Barbara Paine, Row; and
Winnie Jean Smith, Lagunita.
According to present plans, Dr.
Harold Hand, of the education de
partment, will address the first of
four meetings this quarter, on the
subject, "The Theory of Student
Government." A panel discussion on
"The Machinery for Student Gov
ernment at Stanford" will be fea
tured at the second meeting of the
institute.
Mr. Lee Chapin, debate coach, will
conduct a discussion of the Honor
Code, and how it should be pre
sented, at the third meeting. Fourth
and last meeting of this quarter
will deal with special cases which
arise in freshman orientation.
Completion of the series will come
at the beginning of next fall quar
ter, with a general review of the
spring institute. Men and women
sponsors will also meet for a dis
cussion of freshman dating, as re
gards the President's reception and
other campus functions.
All municipal offices of New Al
bany, Kansas, are held by women.
Plans for an institute to train next
year's sponsors were presented and
discussed at the Clearing House
meeting last Thursday by Gretchen
Reinemund, chairman of the com
mittee to plan the institute, who
outlined the proposed action and
purposes of the institute meetings.
She is assisted by Mary Craig, for
mer head sponsor at Roble; Dorothy
Twelves, The Onk.s; Virginia Sterry,
Roble; Barbara Paine, Row; and
Winnie Jean Smith, Lagunita.
According to present plans, Dr.
Harold Hand, of the education de
partment, will address the first of
four meetings this quarter, on the
subject, "The Theory of Student
Government." A panel discussion on
"The Machinery for Student Gov
ernment at Stanford" will be fea
tured at the second meeting of the
institute.
Mr. Lee Chapin, debate coach, will
conduct a discussion of the Honor
Code, and how it should be pre
sented, at the third meeting. Fourth
and last meeting of this quarter
will deal with special cases which
arise in freshman orientation.
Completion of the series will come
at the beginning of next fall quar
ter, with a general review of the
spring institute. Men and women
sponsors will also meet for a dis
cussion of freshman dating, as re
gards the President's reception and
other campus functions.
All municipal offices of New Al
bany, Kansas, are held by women.
