# What They've Done
## 
### 
Hall candidate for A.S.S.U.
president, John Dern eats at El
Toro. lives and sleeps in Encina as
a sponsor. Besides studying
enough to earn Lower Division
honors and roll up an almost 'A'-
havvlout average, Dern is junior
editor of the Quad and one of
Dink Templeton's tvvo-milers.
Then on Tuesdays he sits on Men's
Council. He also represents the
student body on the Student Aid
Committee.

How candidate for A.S.S.U.
president, Tom Killefer hashes at
Pi Beta Phi, lives and sleeps at
/eta Psi. Besides studying enough
to earn Lower Division honors
and roll up an almost 'A' bavvl
out average, Killefer is junior
class president and one of Harry
Walter's outfielders and reserve
pitchers. Then on Wednesdays
he plans A.S.S.U. activities as a
Cardinal. He is a member of
Scalpers, sophomore honorary.


JOHN I)ERN


TOM KILLEI'ER
