# Study Shifts Bring Fines after Today
## 
### 
Today is the deadline for changes
to be made in study lists for this
quarter without fines. After today
all program revisions must be made
by petition to the Registration Com
mittee, subject to the following
fines: $2 for each course added or
dropped, or $3 when one course is
substituted for another.

All program changes made since
registration should be filed at the
Registrar's Office on revised study
list cards.
Today is the deadline for changes
to be made in study lists for this
quarter without fines. After today
all program revisions must be made
by petition to the Registration Com
mittee, subject to the following
fines: $2 for each course added or
dropped, or $3 when one course is
substituted for another.

All program changes made since
registration should be filed at the
Registrar's Office on revised study
list cards.
Today is the deadline for changes
to be made in study lists for this
quarter without fines. After today
all program revisions must be made
by petition to the Registration Com
mittee, subject to the following
fines: $2 for each course added or
dropped, or $3 when one course is
substituted for another.

All program changes made since
registration should be filed at the
Registrar's Office on revised study
list cards.
Today is the deadline for changes
to be made in study lists for this
quarter without fines. After today
all program revisions must be made
by petition to the Registration Com
mittee, subject to the following
fines: $2 for each course added or
dropped, or $3 when one course is
substituted for another.

All program changes made since
registration should be filed at the
Registrar's Office on revised study
list cards.
Today is the deadline for changes
to be made in study lists for this
quarter without fines. After today
all program revisions must be made
by petition to the Registration Com
mittee, subject to the following
fines: $2 for each course added or
dropped, or $3 when one course is
substituted for another.

All program changes made since
registration should be filed at the
Registrar's Office on revised study
list cards.
Today is the deadline for changes
to be made in study lists for this
quarter without fines. After today
all program revisions must be made
by petition to the Registration Com
mittee, subject to the following
fines: $2 for each course added or
dropped, or $3 when one course is
substituted for another.

All program changes made since
registration should be filed at the
Registrar's Office on revised study
list cards.
Today is the deadline for changes
to be made in study lists for this
quarter without fines. After today
all program revisions must be made
by petition to the Registration Com
mittee, subject to the following
fines: $2 for each course added or
dropped, or $3 when one course is
substituted for another.

All program changes made since
registration should be filed at the
Registrar's Office on revised study
list cards.
Today is the deadline for changes
to be made in study lists for this
quarter without fines. After today
all program revisions must be made
by petition to the Registration Com
mittee, subject to the following
fines: $2 for each course added or
dropped, or $3 when one course is
substituted for another.

All program changes made since
registration should be filed at the
Registrar's Office on revised study
list cards.
Today is the deadline for changes
to be made in study lists for this
quarter without fines. After today
all program revisions must be made
by petition to the Registration Com
mittee, subject to the following
fines: $2 for each course added or
dropped, or $3 when one course is
substituted for another.

All program changes made since
registration should be filed at the
Registrar's Office on revised study
list cards.
Today is the deadline for changes
to be made in study lists for this
quarter without fines. After today
all program revisions must be made
by petition to the Registration Com
mittee, subject to the following
fines: $2 for each course added or
dropped, or $3 when one course is
substituted for another.

All program changes made since
registration should be filed at the
Registrar's Office on revised study
list cards.
Today is the deadline for changes
to be made in study lists for this
quarter without fines. After today
all program revisions must be made
by petition to the Registration Com
mittee, subject to the following
fines: $2 for each course added or
dropped, or $3 when one course is
substituted for another.

All program changes made since
registration should be filed at the
Registrar's Office on revised study
list cards.
Today is the deadline for changes
to be made in study lists for this
quarter without fines. After today
all program revisions must be made
by petition to the Registration Com
mittee, subject to the following
fines: $2 for each course added or
dropped, or $3 when one course is
substituted for another.

All program changes made since
registration should be filed at the
Registrar's Office on revised study
list cards.
Today is the deadline for changes
to be made in study lists for this
quarter without fines. After today
all program revisions must be made
by petition to the Registration Com
mittee, subject to the following
fines: $2 for each course added or
dropped, or $3 when one course is
substituted for another.

All program changes made since
registration should be filed at the
Registrar's Office on revised study
list cards.
Today is the deadline for changes
to be made in study lists for this
quarter without fines. After today
all program revisions must be made
by petition to the Registration Com
mittee, subject to the following
fines: $2 for each course added or
dropped, or $3 when one course is
substituted for another.

All program changes made since
registration should be filed at the
Registrar's Office on revised study
list cards.
Today is the deadline for changes
to be made in study lists for this
quarter without fines. After today
all program revisions must be made
by petition to the Registration Com
mittee, subject to the following
fines: $2 for each course added or
dropped, or $3 when one course is
substituted for another.

All program changes made since
registration should be filed at the
Registrar's Office on revised study
list cards.
