# Students' Conference.
## 
### 
At the meeting held in the chapel
last night Mr. W. M. Parsons of
San Francisco spoke of the Pa
cific Coast Students' Conference
which is to be held at Pacific
Grove, December 28th to January
6th. The attendance will be larger
than in past years, increased dele
gations coming from Washington,
Oregon, Nevada, and Southern Cal
ifornia. Idaho will send a dele
gate this year.
Berkeley expects to have a dele
gation of fifty or more. John R.
Mott of New York, one of the
ablest and probably the most in
fluential men in the university
world today, is to be one of the
speakers. Stanford ought to have
a large number of men in attend
ance. We are so near Pacific
Grove that the expense is light.
To students from the East or North
west, the conference would afford
an exceedingly pleasant and profit
able vacation.
At the meeting held in the chapel
last night Mr. W. M. Parsons of
San Francisco spoke of the Pa
cific Coast Students' Conference
which is to be held at Pacific
Grove, December 28th to January
6th. The attendance will be larger
than in past years, increased dele
gations coming from Washington,
Oregon, Nevada, and Southern Cal
ifornia. Idaho will send a dele
gate this year.
Berkeley expects to have a dele
gation of fifty or more. John R.
Mott of New York, one of the
ablest and probably the most in
fluential men in the university
world today, is to be one of the
speakers. Stanford ought to have
a large number of men in attend
ance. We are so near Pacific
Grove that the expense is light.
To students from the East or North
west, the conference would afford
an exceedingly pleasant and profit
able vacation.
At the meeting held in the chapel
last night Mr. W. M. Parsons of
San Francisco spoke of the Pa
cific Coast Students' Conference
which is to be held at Pacific
Grove, December 28th to January
6th. The attendance will be larger
than in past years, increased dele
gations coming from Washington,
Oregon, Nevada, and Southern Cal
ifornia. Idaho will send a dele
gate this year.
Berkeley expects to have a dele
gation of fifty or more. John R.
Mott of New York, one of the
ablest and probably the most in
fluential men in the university
world today, is to be one of the
speakers. Stanford ought to have
a large number of men in attend
ance. We are so near Pacific
Grove that the expense is light.
To students from the East or North
west, the conference would afford
an exceedingly pleasant and profit
able vacation.
At the meeting held in the chapel
last night Mr. W. M. Parsons of
San Francisco spoke of the Pa
cific Coast Students' Conference
which is to be held at Pacific
Grove, December 28th to January
6th. The attendance will be larger
than in past years, increased dele
gations coming from Washington,
Oregon, Nevada, and Southern Cal
ifornia. Idaho will send a dele
gate this year.
Berkeley expects to have a dele
gation of fifty or more. John R.
Mott of New York, one of the
ablest and probably the most in
fluential men in the university
world today, is to be one of the
speakers. Stanford ought to have
a large number of men in attend
ance. We are so near Pacific
Grove that the expense is light.
To students from the East or North
west, the conference would afford
an exceedingly pleasant and profit
able vacation.
At the meeting held in the chapel
last night Mr. W. M. Parsons of
San Francisco spoke of the Pa
cific Coast Students' Conference
which is to be held at Pacific
Grove, December 28th to January
6th. The attendance will be larger
than in past years, increased dele
gations coming from Washington,
Oregon, Nevada, and Southern Cal
ifornia. Idaho will send a dele
gate this year.
Berkeley expects to have a dele
gation of fifty or more. John R.
Mott of New York, one of the
ablest and probably the most in
fluential men in the university
world today, is to be one of the
speakers. Stanford ought to have
a large number of men in attend
ance. We are so near Pacific
Grove that the expense is light.
To students from the East or North
west, the conference would afford
an exceedingly pleasant and profit
able vacation.
At the meeting held in the chapel
last night Mr. W. M. Parsons of
San Francisco spoke of the Pa
cific Coast Students' Conference
which is to be held at Pacific
Grove, December 28th to January
6th. The attendance will be larger
than in past years, increased dele
gations coming from Washington,
Oregon, Nevada, and Southern Cal
ifornia. Idaho will send a dele
gate this year.
Berkeley expects to have a dele
gation of fifty or more. John R.
Mott of New York, one of the
ablest and probably the most in
fluential men in the university
world today, is to be one of the
speakers. Stanford ought to have
a large number of men in attend
ance. We are so near Pacific
Grove that the expense is light.
To students from the East or North
west, the conference would afford
an exceedingly pleasant and profit
able vacation.
At the meeting held in the chapel
last night Mr. W. M. Parsons of
San Francisco spoke of the Pa
cific Coast Students' Conference
which is to be held at Pacific
Grove, December 28th to January
6th. The attendance will be larger
than in past years, increased dele
gations coming from Washington,
Oregon, Nevada, and Southern Cal
ifornia. Idaho will send a dele
gate this year.
Berkeley expects to have a dele
gation of fifty or more. John R.
Mott of New York, one of the
ablest and probably the most in
fluential men in the university
world today, is to be one of the
speakers. Stanford ought to have
a large number of men in attend
ance. We are so near Pacific
Grove that the expense is light.
To students from the East or North
west, the conference would afford
an exceedingly pleasant and profit
able vacation.
