# Untitled Article
## 
### 
— Dr. O. P. Jenkins of the Phys
iology department has returned
from an Eastern trip. He attended
the World's Fair and visited rela
tives in the East.
— Dr. O. P. Jenkins of the Phys
iology department has returned
from an Eastern trip. He attended
the World's Fair and visited rela
tives in the East.
— Dr. O. P. Jenkins of the Phys
iology department has returned
from an Eastern trip. He attended
the World's Fair and visited rela
tives in the East.
— Dr. O. P. Jenkins of the Phys
iology department has returned
from an Eastern trip. He attended
the World's Fair and visited rela
tives in the East.
— Dr. O. P. Jenkins of the Phys
iology department has returned
from an Eastern trip. He attended
the World's Fair and visited rela
tives in the East.
— Dr. O. P. Jenkins of the Phys
iology department has returned
from an Eastern trip. He attended
the World's Fair and visited rela
tives in the East.
— Dr. O. P. Jenkins of the Phys
iology department has returned
from an Eastern trip. He attended
the World's Fair and visited rela
tives in the East.
— Dr. O. P. Jenkins of the Phys
iology department has returned
from an Eastern trip. He attended
the World's Fair and visited rela
tives in the East.
