# Will Not Play Wisconsin.
## 
### 
Negotiations for a football game
between Stanford and the Univer
sity of Wisconsin have failed.
Arrangements have been completed
for one game to be played with the
University of Colorado, and the
authorities who have the matter in
oharge do not favor another game
after the regular season has closed
because it interferes with the col
lege work of the players.
Negotiations for a football game
between Stanford and the Univer
sity of Wisconsin have failed.
Arrangements have been completed
for one game to be played with the
University of Colorado, and the
authorities who have the matter in
oharge do not favor another game
after the regular season has closed
because it interferes with the col
lege work of the players.
Negotiations for a football game
between Stanford and the Univer
sity of Wisconsin have failed.
Arrangements have been completed
for one game to be played with the
University of Colorado, and the
authorities who have the matter in
oharge do not favor another game
after the regular season has closed
because it interferes with the col
lege work of the players.
Negotiations for a football game
between Stanford and the Univer
sity of Wisconsin have failed.
Arrangements have been completed
for one game to be played with the
University of Colorado, and the
authorities who have the matter in
oharge do not favor another game
after the regular season has closed
because it interferes with the col
lege work of the players.
Negotiations for a football game
between Stanford and the Univer
sity of Wisconsin have failed.
Arrangements have been completed
for one game to be played with the
University of Colorado, and the
authorities who have the matter in
oharge do not favor another game
after the regular season has closed
because it interferes with the col
lege work of the players.
Negotiations for a football game
between Stanford and the Univer
sity of Wisconsin have failed.
Arrangements have been completed
for one game to be played with the
University of Colorado, and the
authorities who have the matter in
oharge do not favor another game
after the regular season has closed
because it interferes with the col
lege work of the players.
Negotiations for a football game
between Stanford and the Univer
sity of Wisconsin have failed.
Arrangements have been completed
for one game to be played with the
University of Colorado, and the
authorities who have the matter in
oharge do not favor another game
after the regular season has closed
because it interferes with the col
lege work of the players.
Negotiations for a football game
between Stanford and the Univer
sity of Wisconsin have failed.
Arrangements have been completed
for one game to be played with the
University of Colorado, and the
authorities who have the matter in
oharge do not favor another game
after the regular season has closed
because it interferes with the col
lege work of the players.
