# University Holiday Tuesday.
## 
### 
Next Tuesday, November 6th, will
be a University holiday on account
of the Presidential election. All
classes will be suspended on that
day.
Next Tuesday, November 6th, will
be a University holiday on account
of the Presidential election. All
classes will be suspended on that
day.
Next Tuesday, November 6th, will
be a University holiday on account
of the Presidential election. All
classes will be suspended on that
day.
Next Tuesday, November 6th, will
be a University holiday on account
of the Presidential election. All
classes will be suspended on that
day.
Next Tuesday, November 6th, will
be a University holiday on account
of the Presidential election. All
classes will be suspended on that
day.
Next Tuesday, November 6th, will
be a University holiday on account
of the Presidential election. All
classes will be suspended on that
day.
Next Tuesday, November 6th, will
be a University holiday on account
of the Presidential election. All
classes will be suspended on that
day.
Next Tuesday, November 6th, will
be a University holiday on account
of the Presidential election. All
classes will be suspended on that
day.
