# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The news that there has been a
favorable turn in the condition of
Rev. D. Charles Gardner will be re
ceived with pleasure by the Univer
sity public, who have watched the
progress of his dangerous illness
with anxiety. It is hoped that the
crisis has passed in the minister's
illness and that he will speedily re
cover from the attack, which has
disabled him at a time when his
counsel is so vitally needed. Dur
ing his two years' ministry at Stan
ford Mr. Gardner has won for him
self a high place in the regard of
the men and women of the Univer
sity, who have not failed to recog
nize the sincerity of his sympathy
in all that concerns their interests
of every kind. He has been not
merely a preacher, but rather a
friend and a companion.
The news that there has been a
favorable turn in the condition of
Rev. D. Charles Gardner will be re
ceived with pleasure by the Univer
sity public, who have watched the
progress of his dangerous illness
with anxiety. It is hoped that the
crisis has passed in the minister's
illness and that he will speedily re
cover from the attack, which has
disabled him at a time when his
counsel is so vitally needed. Dur
ing his two years' ministry at Stan
ford Mr. Gardner has won for him
self a high place in the regard of
the men and women of the Univer
sity, who have not failed to recog
nize the sincerity of his sympathy
in all that concerns their interests
of every kind. He has been not
merely a preacher, but rather a
friend and a companion.
The news that there has been a
favorable turn in the condition of
Rev. D. Charles Gardner will be re
ceived with pleasure by the Univer
sity public, who have watched the
progress of his dangerous illness
with anxiety. It is hoped that the
crisis has passed in the minister's
illness and that he will speedily re
cover from the attack, which has
disabled him at a time when his
counsel is so vitally needed. Dur
ing his two years' ministry at Stan
ford Mr. Gardner has won for him
self a high place in the regard of
the men and women of the Univer
sity, who have not failed to recog
nize the sincerity of his sympathy
in all that concerns their interests
of every kind. He has been not
merely a preacher, but rather a
friend and a companion.
The news that there has been a
favorable turn in the condition of
Rev. D. Charles Gardner will be re
ceived with pleasure by the Univer
sity public, who have watched the
progress of his dangerous illness
with anxiety. It is hoped that the
crisis has passed in the minister's
illness and that he will speedily re
cover from the attack, which has
disabled him at a time when his
counsel is so vitally needed. Dur
ing his two years' ministry at Stan
ford Mr. Gardner has won for him
self a high place in the regard of
the men and women of the Univer
sity, who have not failed to recog
nize the sincerity of his sympathy
in all that concerns their interests
of every kind. He has been not
merely a preacher, but rather a
friend and a companion.
The news that there has been a
favorable turn in the condition of
Rev. D. Charles Gardner will be re
ceived with pleasure by the Univer
sity public, who have watched the
progress of his dangerous illness
with anxiety. It is hoped that the
crisis has passed in the minister's
illness and that he will speedily re
cover from the attack, which has
disabled him at a time when his
counsel is so vitally needed. Dur
ing his two years' ministry at Stan
ford Mr. Gardner has won for him
self a high place in the regard of
the men and women of the Univer
sity, who have not failed to recog
nize the sincerity of his sympathy
in all that concerns their interests
of every kind. He has been not
merely a preacher, but rather a
friend and a companion.
The news that there has been a
favorable turn in the condition of
Rev. D. Charles Gardner will be re
ceived with pleasure by the Univer
sity public, who have watched the
progress of his dangerous illness
with anxiety. It is hoped that the
crisis has passed in the minister's
illness and that he will speedily re
cover from the attack, which has
disabled him at a time when his
counsel is so vitally needed. Dur
ing his two years' ministry at Stan
ford Mr. Gardner has won for him
self a high place in the regard of
the men and women of the Univer
sity, who have not failed to recog
nize the sincerity of his sympathy
in all that concerns their interests
of every kind. He has been not
merely a preacher, but rather a
friend and a companion.
The news that there has been a
favorable turn in the condition of
Rev. D. Charles Gardner will be re
ceived with pleasure by the Univer
sity public, who have watched the
progress of his dangerous illness
with anxiety. It is hoped that the
crisis has passed in the minister's
illness and that he will speedily re
cover from the attack, which has
disabled him at a time when his
counsel is so vitally needed. Dur
ing his two years' ministry at Stan
ford Mr. Gardner has won for him
self a high place in the regard of
the men and women of the Univer
sity, who have not failed to recog
nize the sincerity of his sympathy
in all that concerns their interests
of every kind. He has been not
merely a preacher, but rather a
friend and a companion.
The news that there has been a
favorable turn in the condition of
Rev. D. Charles Gardner will be re
ceived with pleasure by the Univer
sity public, who have watched the
progress of his dangerous illness
with anxiety. It is hoped that the
crisis has passed in the minister's
illness and that he will speedily re
cover from the attack, which has
disabled him at a time when his
counsel is so vitally needed. Dur
ing his two years' ministry at Stan
ford Mr. Gardner has won for him
self a high place in the regard of
the men and women of the Univer
sity, who have not failed to recog
nize the sincerity of his sympathy
in all that concerns their interests
of every kind. He has been not
merely a preacher, but rather a
friend and a companion.
