# Berkeley Loses Coach and Captain.
## 
### 
California has lost both her baseball
coach and captain. Cansley, the coach,
has been released by the Executive
Committee, and Captain Meyers has
resigned. He may continue to play
first base, but even this is wot as
sured.
The Varsity crew captain is in the
infirmary with an attack of grip.
California has lost both her baseball
coach and captain. Cansley, the coach,
has been released by the Executive
Committee, and Captain Meyers has
resigned. He may continue to play
first base, but even this is wot as
sured.
The Varsity crew captain is in the
infirmary with an attack of grip.
California has lost both her baseball
coach and captain. Cansley, the coach,
has been released by the Executive
Committee, and Captain Meyers has
resigned. He may continue to play
first base, but even this is wot as
sured.
The Varsity crew captain is in the
infirmary with an attack of grip.
California has lost both her baseball
coach and captain. Cansley, the coach,
has been released by the Executive
Committee, and Captain Meyers has
resigned. He may continue to play
first base, but even this is wot as
sured.
The Varsity crew captain is in the
infirmary with an attack of grip.
California has lost both her baseball
coach and captain. Cansley, the coach,
has been released by the Executive
Committee, and Captain Meyers has
resigned. He may continue to play
first base, but even this is wot as
sured.
The Varsity crew captain is in the
infirmary with an attack of grip.
California has lost both her baseball
coach and captain. Cansley, the coach,
has been released by the Executive
Committee, and Captain Meyers has
resigned. He may continue to play
first base, but even this is wot as
sured.
The Varsity crew captain is in the
infirmary with an attack of grip.
California has lost both her baseball
coach and captain. Cansley, the coach,
has been released by the Executive
Committee, and Captain Meyers has
resigned. He may continue to play
first base, but even this is wot as
sured.
The Varsity crew captain is in the
infirmary with an attack of grip.
California has lost both her baseball
coach and captain. Cansley, the coach,
has been released by the Executive
Committee, and Captain Meyers has
resigned. He may continue to play
first base, but even this is wot as
sured.
The Varsity crew captain is in the
infirmary with an attack of grip.
California has lost both her baseball
coach and captain. Cansley, the coach,
has been released by the Executive
Committee, and Captain Meyers has
resigned. He may continue to play
first base, but even this is wot as
sured.
The Varsity crew captain is in the
infirmary with an attack of grip.
California has lost both her baseball
coach and captain. Cansley, the coach,
has been released by the Executive
Committee, and Captain Meyers has
resigned. He may continue to play
first base, but even this is wot as
sured.
The Varsity crew captain is in the
infirmary with an attack of grip.
