# A 						Well Chosen Valentine.
## 
### 
Sometimes it'* hard to choose a
Valentine which has just the right
verse —but a Valentine Box filled with
choice candies is sure to he well re
ceived. Prettily decorated boxes at
all four of Geo. Haas ic Sons' Candy
Stores, San Francisco: Phelan Build
ing, Fillmore at Ellis, Van Ness at
Sutter and 28 Market St. (near Ferry).
Sometimes it'* hard to choose a
Valentine which has just the right
verse —but a Valentine Box filled with
choice candies is sure to he well re
ceived. Prettily decorated boxes at
all four of Geo. Haas ic Sons' Candy
Stores, San Francisco: Phelan Build
ing, Fillmore at Ellis, Van Ness at
Sutter and 28 Market St. (near Ferry).
Sometimes it'* hard to choose a
Valentine which has just the right
verse —but a Valentine Box filled with
choice candies is sure to he well re
ceived. Prettily decorated boxes at
all four of Geo. Haas ic Sons' Candy
Stores, San Francisco: Phelan Build
ing, Fillmore at Ellis, Van Ness at
Sutter and 28 Market St. (near Ferry).
Sometimes it'* hard to choose a
Valentine which has just the right
verse —but a Valentine Box filled with
choice candies is sure to he well re
ceived. Prettily decorated boxes at
all four of Geo. Haas ic Sons' Candy
Stores, San Francisco: Phelan Build
ing, Fillmore at Ellis, Van Ness at
Sutter and 28 Market St. (near Ferry).
Sometimes it'* hard to choose a
Valentine which has just the right
verse —but a Valentine Box filled with
choice candies is sure to he well re
ceived. Prettily decorated boxes at
all four of Geo. Haas ic Sons' Candy
Stores, San Francisco: Phelan Build
ing, Fillmore at Ellis, Van Ness at
Sutter and 28 Market St. (near Ferry).
Sometimes it'* hard to choose a
Valentine which has just the right
verse —but a Valentine Box filled with
choice candies is sure to he well re
ceived. Prettily decorated boxes at
all four of Geo. Haas ic Sons' Candy
Stores, San Francisco: Phelan Build
ing, Fillmore at Ellis, Van Ness at
Sutter and 28 Market St. (near Ferry).
Sometimes it'* hard to choose a
Valentine which has just the right
verse —but a Valentine Box filled with
choice candies is sure to he well re
ceived. Prettily decorated boxes at
all four of Geo. Haas ic Sons' Candy
Stores, San Francisco: Phelan Build
ing, Fillmore at Ellis, Van Ness at
Sutter and 28 Market St. (near Ferry).
Sometimes it'* hard to choose a
Valentine which has just the right
verse —but a Valentine Box filled with
choice candies is sure to he well re
ceived. Prettily decorated boxes at
all four of Geo. Haas ic Sons' Candy
Stores, San Francisco: Phelan Build
ing, Fillmore at Ellis, Van Ness at
Sutter and 28 Market St. (near Ferry).
Sometimes it'* hard to choose a
Valentine which has just the right
verse —but a Valentine Box filled with
choice candies is sure to he well re
ceived. Prettily decorated boxes at
all four of Geo. Haas ic Sons' Candy
Stores, San Francisco: Phelan Build
ing, Fillmore at Ellis, Van Ness at
Sutter and 28 Market St. (near Ferry).
Sometimes it'* hard to choose a
Valentine which has just the right
verse —but a Valentine Box filled with
choice candies is sure to he well re
ceived. Prettily decorated boxes at
all four of Geo. Haas ic Sons' Candy
Stores, San Francisco: Phelan Build
ing, Fillmore at Ellis, Van Ness at
Sutter and 28 Market St. (near Ferry).
Sometimes it'* hard to choose a
Valentine which has just the right
verse —but a Valentine Box filled with
choice candies is sure to he well re
ceived. Prettily decorated boxes at
all four of Geo. Haas ic Sons' Candy
Stores, San Francisco: Phelan Build
ing, Fillmore at Ellis, Van Ness at
Sutter and 28 Market St. (near Ferry).
