# Hygiene Classes To Take Trips.
## 
### 
Preparations are being made by Dr.
W. F. Snow, of the Hygiene depart
ment, for a number of trips to be
taken this semester by the members
of his classes in Hygiene 3b and Ad
ministrative Methods to San Francis
co and the near vicinity. Among the
various places that will be visited
are the national quarantine station,
Board of Health office in San Fran
cisco, and other minor places of in
terest.
Preparations are being made by Dr.
W. F. Snow, of the Hygiene depart
ment, for a number of trips to be
taken this semester by the members
of his classes in Hygiene 3b and Ad
ministrative Methods to San Francis
co and the near vicinity. Among the
various places that will be visited
are the national quarantine station,
Board of Health office in San Fran
cisco, and other minor places of in
terest.
Preparations are being made by Dr.
W. F. Snow, of the Hygiene depart
ment, for a number of trips to be
taken this semester by the members
of his classes in Hygiene 3b and Ad
ministrative Methods to San Francis
co and the near vicinity. Among the
various places that will be visited
are the national quarantine station,
Board of Health office in San Fran
cisco, and other minor places of in
terest.
Preparations are being made by Dr.
W. F. Snow, of the Hygiene depart
ment, for a number of trips to be
taken this semester by the members
of his classes in Hygiene 3b and Ad
ministrative Methods to San Francis
co and the near vicinity. Among the
various places that will be visited
are the national quarantine station,
Board of Health office in San Fran
cisco, and other minor places of in
terest.
Preparations are being made by Dr.
W. F. Snow, of the Hygiene depart
ment, for a number of trips to be
taken this semester by the members
of his classes in Hygiene 3b and Ad
ministrative Methods to San Francis
co and the near vicinity. Among the
various places that will be visited
are the national quarantine station,
Board of Health office in San Fran
cisco, and other minor places of in
terest.
Preparations are being made by Dr.
W. F. Snow, of the Hygiene depart
ment, for a number of trips to be
taken this semester by the members
of his classes in Hygiene 3b and Ad
ministrative Methods to San Francis
co and the near vicinity. Among the
various places that will be visited
are the national quarantine station,
Board of Health office in San Fran
cisco, and other minor places of in
terest.
Preparations are being made by Dr.
W. F. Snow, of the Hygiene depart
ment, for a number of trips to be
taken this semester by the members
of his classes in Hygiene 3b and Ad
ministrative Methods to San Francis
co and the near vicinity. Among the
various places that will be visited
are the national quarantine station,
Board of Health office in San Fran
cisco, and other minor places of in
terest.
Preparations are being made by Dr.
W. F. Snow, of the Hygiene depart
ment, for a number of trips to be
taken this semester by the members
of his classes in Hygiene 3b and Ad
ministrative Methods to San Francis
co and the near vicinity. Among the
various places that will be visited
are the national quarantine station,
Board of Health office in San Fran
cisco, and other minor places of in
terest.
Preparations are being made by Dr.
W. F. Snow, of the Hygiene depart
ment, for a number of trips to be
taken this semester by the members
of his classes in Hygiene 3b and Ad
ministrative Methods to San Francis
co and the near vicinity. Among the
various places that will be visited
are the national quarantine station,
Board of Health office in San Fran
cisco, and other minor places of in
terest.
Preparations are being made by Dr.
W. F. Snow, of the Hygiene depart
ment, for a number of trips to be
taken this semester by the members
of his classes in Hygiene 3b and Ad
ministrative Methods to San Francis
co and the near vicinity. Among the
various places that will be visited
are the national quarantine station,
Board of Health office in San Fran
cisco, and other minor places of in
terest.
