# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
$40.00
WORSTED-TEX
Is positively the finest
thing available in a
Summer Fabric
Suit
#
ROOABtoa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 12-8
Frank Alustiza, '36
Carl Schott, '37
$40.00
WORSTED-TEX
Is positively the finest
thing available in a
Summer Fabric
Suit
#
ROOABtoa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 12-8
Frank Alustiza, '36
Carl Schott, '37
$40.00
WORSTED-TEX
Is positively the finest
thing available in a
Summer Fabric
Suit
#
ROOABtoa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 12-8
Frank Alustiza, '36
Carl Schott, '37
$40.00
WORSTED-TEX
Is positively the finest
thing available in a
Summer Fabric
Suit
#
ROOABtoa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 12-8
Frank Alustiza, '36
Carl Schott, '37
$40.00
WORSTED-TEX
Is positively the finest
thing available in a
Summer Fabric
Suit
#
ROOABtoa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 12-8
Frank Alustiza, '36
Carl Schott, '37
$40.00
WORSTED-TEX
Is positively the finest
thing available in a
Summer Fabric
Suit
#
ROOABtoa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 12-8
Frank Alustiza, '36
Carl Schott, '37
$40.00
WORSTED-TEX
Is positively the finest
thing available in a
Summer Fabric
Suit
#
ROOABtoa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 12-8
Frank Alustiza, '36
Carl Schott, '37
$40.00
WORSTED-TEX
Is positively the finest
thing available in a
Summer Fabric
Suit
#
ROOABtoa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 12-8
Frank Alustiza, '36
Carl Schott, '37
$40.00
WORSTED-TEX
Is positively the finest
thing available in a
Summer Fabric
Suit
#
ROOABtoa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 12-8
Frank Alustiza, '36
Carl Schott, '37
$40.00
WORSTED-TEX
Is positively the finest
thing available in a
Summer Fabric
Suit
#
ROOABtoa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 12-8
Frank Alustiza, '36
Carl Schott, '37
$40.00
WORSTED-TEX
Is positively the finest
thing available in a
Summer Fabric
Suit
#
ROOABtoa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 12-8
Frank Alustiza, '36
Carl Schott, '37
$40.00
WORSTED-TEX
Is positively the finest
thing available in a
Summer Fabric
Suit
#
ROOABtoa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 12-8
Frank Alustiza, '36
Carl Schott, '37
$40.00
WORSTED-TEX
Is positively the finest
thing available in a
Summer Fabric
Suit
#
ROOABtoa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 12-8
Frank Alustiza, '36
Carl Schott, '37
$40.00
WORSTED-TEX
Is positively the finest
thing available in a
Summer Fabric
Suit
#
ROOABtoa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 12-8
Frank Alustiza, '36
Carl Schott, '37
$40.00
WORSTED-TEX
Is positively the finest
thing available in a
Summer Fabric
Suit
#
ROOABtoa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 12-8
Frank Alustiza, '36
Carl Schott, '37
