# Californians Enter Pro-Golf Tourney
## 
### 
SACRAMENTO, May 4 (U.P.).—
Five professional golfers from North
ern California will be among those
competing in the National Profes
sional Golfers' Championship 'at
Pittsburgh, Pa., this year, it was
announced today.
Those qualifying for the Nationals
were Charley Sheppard of Pleasan
ton, Pat Markovich of San Fran
cisco, and Walter Wauhaub of Oak
land, all of whom scored 148; Willie
Goggin of San Francisco, 149, and
Pat Patton of Oakland, 153.
SACRAMENTO, May 4 (U.P.).—
Five professional golfers from North
ern California will be among those
competing in the National Profes
sional Golfers' Championship 'at
Pittsburgh, Pa., this year, it was
announced today.
Those qualifying for the Nationals
were Charley Sheppard of Pleasan
ton, Pat Markovich of San Fran
cisco, and Walter Wauhaub of Oak
land, all of whom scored 148; Willie
Goggin of San Francisco, 149, and
Pat Patton of Oakland, 153.
SACRAMENTO, May 4 (U.P.).—
Five professional golfers from North
ern California will be among those
competing in the National Profes
sional Golfers' Championship 'at
Pittsburgh, Pa., this year, it was
announced today.
Those qualifying for the Nationals
were Charley Sheppard of Pleasan
ton, Pat Markovich of San Fran
cisco, and Walter Wauhaub of Oak
land, all of whom scored 148; Willie
Goggin of San Francisco, 149, and
Pat Patton of Oakland, 153.
SACRAMENTO, May 4 (U.P.).—
Five professional golfers from North
ern California will be among those
competing in the National Profes
sional Golfers' Championship 'at
Pittsburgh, Pa., this year, it was
announced today.
Those qualifying for the Nationals
were Charley Sheppard of Pleasan
ton, Pat Markovich of San Fran
cisco, and Walter Wauhaub of Oak
land, all of whom scored 148; Willie
Goggin of San Francisco, 149, and
Pat Patton of Oakland, 153.
SACRAMENTO, May 4 (U.P.).—
Five professional golfers from North
ern California will be among those
competing in the National Profes
sional Golfers' Championship 'at
Pittsburgh, Pa., this year, it was
announced today.
Those qualifying for the Nationals
were Charley Sheppard of Pleasan
ton, Pat Markovich of San Fran
cisco, and Walter Wauhaub of Oak
land, all of whom scored 148; Willie
Goggin of San Francisco, 149, and
Pat Patton of Oakland, 153.
SACRAMENTO, May 4 (U.P.).—
Five professional golfers from North
ern California will be among those
competing in the National Profes
sional Golfers' Championship 'at
Pittsburgh, Pa., this year, it was
announced today.
Those qualifying for the Nationals
were Charley Sheppard of Pleasan
ton, Pat Markovich of San Fran
cisco, and Walter Wauhaub of Oak
land, all of whom scored 148; Willie
Goggin of San Francisco, 149, and
Pat Patton of Oakland, 153.
SACRAMENTO, May 4 (U.P.).—
Five professional golfers from North
ern California will be among those
competing in the National Profes
sional Golfers' Championship 'at
Pittsburgh, Pa., this year, it was
announced today.
Those qualifying for the Nationals
were Charley Sheppard of Pleasan
ton, Pat Markovich of San Fran
cisco, and Walter Wauhaub of Oak
land, all of whom scored 148; Willie
Goggin of San Francisco, 149, and
Pat Patton of Oakland, 153.
SACRAMENTO, May 4 (U.P.).—
Five professional golfers from North
ern California will be among those
competing in the National Profes
sional Golfers' Championship 'at
Pittsburgh, Pa., this year, it was
announced today.
Those qualifying for the Nationals
were Charley Sheppard of Pleasan
ton, Pat Markovich of San Fran
cisco, and Walter Wauhaub of Oak
land, all of whom scored 148; Willie
Goggin of San Francisco, 149, and
Pat Patton of Oakland, 153.
SACRAMENTO, May 4 (U.P.).—
Five professional golfers from North
ern California will be among those
competing in the National Profes
sional Golfers' Championship 'at
Pittsburgh, Pa., this year, it was
announced today.
Those qualifying for the Nationals
were Charley Sheppard of Pleasan
ton, Pat Markovich of San Fran
cisco, and Walter Wauhaub of Oak
land, all of whom scored 148; Willie
Goggin of San Francisco, 149, and
Pat Patton of Oakland, 153.
SACRAMENTO, May 4 (U.P.).—
Five professional golfers from North
ern California will be among those
competing in the National Profes
sional Golfers' Championship 'at
Pittsburgh, Pa., this year, it was
announced today.
Those qualifying for the Nationals
were Charley Sheppard of Pleasan
ton, Pat Markovich of San Fran
cisco, and Walter Wauhaub of Oak
land, all of whom scored 148; Willie
Goggin of San Francisco, 149, and
Pat Patton of Oakland, 153.
SACRAMENTO, May 4 (U.P.).—
Five professional golfers from North
ern California will be among those
competing in the National Profes
sional Golfers' Championship 'at
Pittsburgh, Pa., this year, it was
announced today.
Those qualifying for the Nationals
were Charley Sheppard of Pleasan
ton, Pat Markovich of San Fran
cisco, and Walter Wauhaub of Oak
land, all of whom scored 148; Willie
Goggin of San Francisco, 149, and
Pat Patton of Oakland, 153.
SACRAMENTO, May 4 (U.P.).—
Five professional golfers from North
ern California will be among those
competing in the National Profes
sional Golfers' Championship 'at
Pittsburgh, Pa., this year, it was
announced today.
Those qualifying for the Nationals
were Charley Sheppard of Pleasan
ton, Pat Markovich of San Fran
cisco, and Walter Wauhaub of Oak
land, all of whom scored 148; Willie
Goggin of San Francisco, 149, and
Pat Patton of Oakland, 153.
SACRAMENTO, May 4 (U.P.).—
Five professional golfers from North
ern California will be among those
competing in the National Profes
sional Golfers' Championship 'at
Pittsburgh, Pa., this year, it was
announced today.
Those qualifying for the Nationals
were Charley Sheppard of Pleasan
ton, Pat Markovich of San Fran
cisco, and Walter Wauhaub of Oak
land, all of whom scored 148; Willie
Goggin of San Francisco, 149, and
Pat Patton of Oakland, 153.
SACRAMENTO, May 4 (U.P.).—
Five professional golfers from North
ern California will be among those
competing in the National Profes
sional Golfers' Championship 'at
Pittsburgh, Pa., this year, it was
announced today.
Those qualifying for the Nationals
were Charley Sheppard of Pleasan
ton, Pat Markovich of San Fran
cisco, and Walter Wauhaub of Oak
land, all of whom scored 148; Willie
Goggin of San Francisco, 149, and
Pat Patton of Oakland, 153.
SACRAMENTO, May 4 (U.P.).—
Five professional golfers from North
ern California will be among those
competing in the National Profes
sional Golfers' Championship 'at
Pittsburgh, Pa., this year, it was
announced today.
Those qualifying for the Nationals
were Charley Sheppard of Pleasan
ton, Pat Markovich of San Fran
cisco, and Walter Wauhaub of Oak
land, all of whom scored 148; Willie
Goggin of San Francisco, 149, and
Pat Patton of Oakland, 153.
