# TAU DELT PLEDGE
## 
### 
Delta Tau Delta announces the
pledging of Walter Joseph Meyer, '39.
Delta Tau Delta announces the
pledging of Walter Joseph Meyer, '39.
Delta Tau Delta announces the
pledging of Walter Joseph Meyer, '39.
Delta Tau Delta announces the
pledging of Walter Joseph Meyer, '39.
Delta Tau Delta announces the
pledging of Walter Joseph Meyer, '39.
Delta Tau Delta announces the
pledging of Walter Joseph Meyer, '39.
Delta Tau Delta announces the
pledging of Walter Joseph Meyer, '39.
Delta Tau Delta announces the
pledging of Walter Joseph Meyer, '39.
Delta Tau Delta announces the
pledging of Walter Joseph Meyer, '39.
Delta Tau Delta announces the
pledging of Walter Joseph Meyer, '39.
Delta Tau Delta announces the
pledging of Walter Joseph Meyer, '39.
Delta Tau Delta announces the
pledging of Walter Joseph Meyer, '39.
Delta Tau Delta announces the
pledging of Walter Joseph Meyer, '39.
Delta Tau Delta announces the
pledging of Walter Joseph Meyer, '39.
Delta Tau Delta announces the
pledging of Walter Joseph Meyer, '39.
