# Engineers' Society To Hear Unionist
## 
### 
A. C. McGi'aw, official of the In
ternational Association of Machin
ists, will speak at a meeting of the
Stanford Industrial Engineers' So
ciety today at 7:30 p.m. in the Stan
ford Village Clubhouse, Building
118.
A. C. McGi'aw, official of the In
ternational Association of Machin
ists, will speak at a meeting of the
Stanford Industrial Engineers' So
ciety today at 7:30 p.m. in the Stan
ford Village Clubhouse, Building
118.
A. C. McGi'aw, official of the In
ternational Association of Machin
ists, will speak at a meeting of the
Stanford Industrial Engineers' So
ciety today at 7:30 p.m. in the Stan
ford Village Clubhouse, Building
118.
A. C. McGi'aw, official of the In
ternational Association of Machin
ists, will speak at a meeting of the
Stanford Industrial Engineers' So
ciety today at 7:30 p.m. in the Stan
ford Village Clubhouse, Building
118.
A. C. McGi'aw, official of the In
ternational Association of Machin
ists, will speak at a meeting of the
Stanford Industrial Engineers' So
ciety today at 7:30 p.m. in the Stan
ford Village Clubhouse, Building
118.
A. C. McGi'aw, official of the In
ternational Association of Machin
ists, will speak at a meeting of the
Stanford Industrial Engineers' So
ciety today at 7:30 p.m. in the Stan
ford Village Clubhouse, Building
118.
A. C. McGi'aw, official of the In
ternational Association of Machin
ists, will speak at a meeting of the
Stanford Industrial Engineers' So
ciety today at 7:30 p.m. in the Stan
ford Village Clubhouse, Building
118.
A. C. McGi'aw, official of the In
ternational Association of Machin
ists, will speak at a meeting of the
Stanford Industrial Engineers' So
ciety today at 7:30 p.m. in the Stan
ford Village Clubhouse, Building
118.
A. C. McGi'aw, official of the In
ternational Association of Machin
ists, will speak at a meeting of the
Stanford Industrial Engineers' So
ciety today at 7:30 p.m. in the Stan
ford Village Clubhouse, Building
118.
A. C. McGi'aw, official of the In
ternational Association of Machin
ists, will speak at a meeting of the
Stanford Industrial Engineers' So
ciety today at 7:30 p.m. in the Stan
ford Village Clubhouse, Building
118.
A. C. McGi'aw, official of the In
ternational Association of Machin
ists, will speak at a meeting of the
Stanford Industrial Engineers' So
ciety today at 7:30 p.m. in the Stan
ford Village Clubhouse, Building
118.
A. C. McGi'aw, official of the In
ternational Association of Machin
ists, will speak at a meeting of the
Stanford Industrial Engineers' So
ciety today at 7:30 p.m. in the Stan
ford Village Clubhouse, Building
118.
A. C. McGi'aw, official of the In
ternational Association of Machin
ists, will speak at a meeting of the
Stanford Industrial Engineers' So
ciety today at 7:30 p.m. in the Stan
ford Village Clubhouse, Building
118.
A. C. McGi'aw, official of the In
ternational Association of Machin
ists, will speak at a meeting of the
Stanford Industrial Engineers' So
ciety today at 7:30 p.m. in the Stan
ford Village Clubhouse, Building
118.
