# Cubberley Talks To Men At Educators' Last Lunch
## 
### 
Dr. E. P. Cubberley, retiring dean of
the Stanford School of Education, gave
an address on "What the Future Holds
for Education" at the last of the sum
mer series of men's weekly luncheons
sponsored by the education school.
"There are two popular conceptions
concerning the future of society in
general," Dr. Cubberley pointed out.
"Either our old cycle continues and
another, grander era of prosperity will
arise or, because of the specialization
and development of industry and the
obvious lessening in numbers of posi
tions for workers in production pro
cesses, people will face the necessity
of less employment and smaller in
comes.
"If the latter is the case, and many
believe it will be, leisure time for all
of us will be increased. Here lies the
problem for the educators, the direc
tion of our youlh into proper channels
for using this additional leisure."
Dr. E. P. Cubberley, retiring dean of
the Stanford School of Education, gave
an address on "What the Future Holds
for Education" at the last of the sum
mer series of men's weekly luncheons
sponsored by the education school.
"There are two popular conceptions
concerning the future of society in
general," Dr. Cubberley pointed out.
"Either our old cycle continues and
another, grander era of prosperity will
arise or, because of the specialization
and development of industry and the
obvious lessening in numbers of posi
tions for workers in production pro
cesses, people will face the necessity
of less employment and smaller in
comes.
"If the latter is the case, and many
believe it will be, leisure time for all
of us will be increased. Here lies the
problem for the educators, the direc
tion of our youlh into proper channels
for using this additional leisure."
Dr. E. P. Cubberley, retiring dean of
the Stanford School of Education, gave
an address on "What the Future Holds
for Education" at the last of the sum
mer series of men's weekly luncheons
sponsored by the education school.
"There are two popular conceptions
concerning the future of society in
general," Dr. Cubberley pointed out.
"Either our old cycle continues and
another, grander era of prosperity will
arise or, because of the specialization
and development of industry and the
obvious lessening in numbers of posi
tions for workers in production pro
cesses, people will face the necessity
of less employment and smaller in
comes.
"If the latter is the case, and many
believe it will be, leisure time for all
of us will be increased. Here lies the
problem for the educators, the direc
tion of our youlh into proper channels
for using this additional leisure."
Dr. E. P. Cubberley, retiring dean of
the Stanford School of Education, gave
an address on "What the Future Holds
for Education" at the last of the sum
mer series of men's weekly luncheons
sponsored by the education school.
"There are two popular conceptions
concerning the future of society in
general," Dr. Cubberley pointed out.
"Either our old cycle continues and
another, grander era of prosperity will
arise or, because of the specialization
and development of industry and the
obvious lessening in numbers of posi
tions for workers in production pro
cesses, people will face the necessity
of less employment and smaller in
comes.
"If the latter is the case, and many
believe it will be, leisure time for all
of us will be increased. Here lies the
problem for the educators, the direc
tion of our youlh into proper channels
for using this additional leisure."
Dr. E. P. Cubberley, retiring dean of
the Stanford School of Education, gave
an address on "What the Future Holds
for Education" at the last of the sum
mer series of men's weekly luncheons
sponsored by the education school.
"There are two popular conceptions
concerning the future of society in
general," Dr. Cubberley pointed out.
"Either our old cycle continues and
another, grander era of prosperity will
arise or, because of the specialization
and development of industry and the
obvious lessening in numbers of posi
tions for workers in production pro
cesses, people will face the necessity
of less employment and smaller in
comes.
"If the latter is the case, and many
believe it will be, leisure time for all
of us will be increased. Here lies the
problem for the educators, the direc
tion of our youlh into proper channels
for using this additional leisure."
Dr. E. P. Cubberley, retiring dean of
the Stanford School of Education, gave
an address on "What the Future Holds
for Education" at the last of the sum
mer series of men's weekly luncheons
sponsored by the education school.
"There are two popular conceptions
concerning the future of society in
general," Dr. Cubberley pointed out.
"Either our old cycle continues and
another, grander era of prosperity will
arise or, because of the specialization
and development of industry and the
obvious lessening in numbers of posi
tions for workers in production pro
cesses, people will face the necessity
of less employment and smaller in
comes.
"If the latter is the case, and many
believe it will be, leisure time for all
of us will be increased. Here lies the
problem for the educators, the direc
tion of our youlh into proper channels
for using this additional leisure."
Dr. E. P. Cubberley, retiring dean of
the Stanford School of Education, gave
an address on "What the Future Holds
for Education" at the last of the sum
mer series of men's weekly luncheons
sponsored by the education school.
"There are two popular conceptions
concerning the future of society in
general," Dr. Cubberley pointed out.
"Either our old cycle continues and
another, grander era of prosperity will
arise or, because of the specialization
and development of industry and the
obvious lessening in numbers of posi
tions for workers in production pro
cesses, people will face the necessity
of less employment and smaller in
comes.
"If the latter is the case, and many
believe it will be, leisure time for all
of us will be increased. Here lies the
problem for the educators, the direc
tion of our youlh into proper channels
for using this additional leisure."
Dr. E. P. Cubberley, retiring dean of
the Stanford School of Education, gave
an address on "What the Future Holds
for Education" at the last of the sum
mer series of men's weekly luncheons
sponsored by the education school.
"There are two popular conceptions
concerning the future of society in
general," Dr. Cubberley pointed out.
"Either our old cycle continues and
another, grander era of prosperity will
arise or, because of the specialization
and development of industry and the
obvious lessening in numbers of posi
tions for workers in production pro
cesses, people will face the necessity
of less employment and smaller in
comes.
"If the latter is the case, and many
believe it will be, leisure time for all
of us will be increased. Here lies the
problem for the educators, the direc
tion of our youlh into proper channels
for using this additional leisure."
Dr. E. P. Cubberley, retiring dean of
the Stanford School of Education, gave
an address on "What the Future Holds
for Education" at the last of the sum
mer series of men's weekly luncheons
sponsored by the education school.
"There are two popular conceptions
concerning the future of society in
general," Dr. Cubberley pointed out.
"Either our old cycle continues and
another, grander era of prosperity will
arise or, because of the specialization
and development of industry and the
obvious lessening in numbers of posi
tions for workers in production pro
cesses, people will face the necessity
of less employment and smaller in
comes.
"If the latter is the case, and many
believe it will be, leisure time for all
of us will be increased. Here lies the
problem for the educators, the direc
tion of our youlh into proper channels
for using this additional leisure."
Dr. E. P. Cubberley, retiring dean of
the Stanford School of Education, gave
an address on "What the Future Holds
for Education" at the last of the sum
mer series of men's weekly luncheons
sponsored by the education school.
"There are two popular conceptions
concerning the future of society in
general," Dr. Cubberley pointed out.
"Either our old cycle continues and
another, grander era of prosperity will
arise or, because of the specialization
and development of industry and the
obvious lessening in numbers of posi
tions for workers in production pro
cesses, people will face the necessity
of less employment and smaller in
comes.
"If the latter is the case, and many
believe it will be, leisure time for all
of us will be increased. Here lies the
problem for the educators, the direc
tion of our youlh into proper channels
for using this additional leisure."
Dr. E. P. Cubberley, retiring dean of
the Stanford School of Education, gave
an address on "What the Future Holds
for Education" at the last of the sum
mer series of men's weekly luncheons
sponsored by the education school.
"There are two popular conceptions
concerning the future of society in
general," Dr. Cubberley pointed out.
"Either our old cycle continues and
another, grander era of prosperity will
arise or, because of the specialization
and development of industry and the
obvious lessening in numbers of posi
tions for workers in production pro
cesses, people will face the necessity
of less employment and smaller in
comes.
"If the latter is the case, and many
believe it will be, leisure time for all
of us will be increased. Here lies the
problem for the educators, the direc
tion of our youlh into proper channels
for using this additional leisure."
Dr. E. P. Cubberley, retiring dean of
the Stanford School of Education, gave
an address on "What the Future Holds
for Education" at the last of the sum
mer series of men's weekly luncheons
sponsored by the education school.
"There are two popular conceptions
concerning the future of society in
general," Dr. Cubberley pointed out.
"Either our old cycle continues and
another, grander era of prosperity will
arise or, because of the specialization
and development of industry and the
obvious lessening in numbers of posi
tions for workers in production pro
cesses, people will face the necessity
of less employment and smaller in
comes.
"If the latter is the case, and many
believe it will be, leisure time for all
of us will be increased. Here lies the
problem for the educators, the direc
tion of our youlh into proper channels
for using this additional leisure."
Dr. E. P. Cubberley, retiring dean of
the Stanford School of Education, gave
an address on "What the Future Holds
for Education" at the last of the sum
mer series of men's weekly luncheons
sponsored by the education school.
"There are two popular conceptions
concerning the future of society in
general," Dr. Cubberley pointed out.
"Either our old cycle continues and
another, grander era of prosperity will
arise or, because of the specialization
and development of industry and the
obvious lessening in numbers of posi
tions for workers in production pro
cesses, people will face the necessity
of less employment and smaller in
comes.
"If the latter is the case, and many
believe it will be, leisure time for all
of us will be increased. Here lies the
problem for the educators, the direc
tion of our youlh into proper channels
for using this additional leisure."
Dr. E. P. Cubberley, retiring dean of
the Stanford School of Education, gave
an address on "What the Future Holds
for Education" at the last of the sum
mer series of men's weekly luncheons
sponsored by the education school.
"There are two popular conceptions
concerning the future of society in
general," Dr. Cubberley pointed out.
"Either our old cycle continues and
another, grander era of prosperity will
arise or, because of the specialization
and development of industry and the
obvious lessening in numbers of posi
tions for workers in production pro
cesses, people will face the necessity
of less employment and smaller in
comes.
"If the latter is the case, and many
believe it will be, leisure time for all
of us will be increased. Here lies the
problem for the educators, the direc
tion of our youlh into proper channels
for using this additional leisure."
