# May Elect Crew Captain Sunday.
## 
### 
The election for the 1911 crew cap
tain will probably he held next Sun
day, providing the members of the
victorious eight can get together at
that time. Definite announcement will
be made later.
The election for the 1911 crew cap
tain will probably he held next Sun
day, providing the members of the
victorious eight can get together at
that time. Definite announcement will
be made later.
The election for the 1911 crew cap
tain will probably he held next Sun
day, providing the members of the
victorious eight can get together at
that time. Definite announcement will
be made later.
The election for the 1911 crew cap
tain will probably he held next Sun
day, providing the members of the
victorious eight can get together at
that time. Definite announcement will
be made later.
The election for the 1911 crew cap
tain will probably he held next Sun
day, providing the members of the
victorious eight can get together at
that time. Definite announcement will
be made later.
The election for the 1911 crew cap
tain will probably he held next Sun
day, providing the members of the
victorious eight can get together at
that time. Definite announcement will
be made later.
The election for the 1911 crew cap
tain will probably he held next Sun
day, providing the members of the
victorious eight can get together at
that time. Definite announcement will
be made later.
The election for the 1911 crew cap
tain will probably he held next Sun
day, providing the members of the
victorious eight can get together at
that time. Definite announcement will
be made later.
The election for the 1911 crew cap
tain will probably he held next Sun
day, providing the members of the
victorious eight can get together at
that time. Definite announcement will
be made later.
The election for the 1911 crew cap
tain will probably he held next Sun
day, providing the members of the
victorious eight can get together at
that time. Definite announcement will
be made later.
The election for the 1911 crew cap
tain will probably he held next Sun
day, providing the members of the
victorious eight can get together at
that time. Definite announcement will
be made later.
