# Wiggins and Waugh Win Finals.
## 
### 
After many unavoidable delays the
annual doubles handball tournament
has been completed. J. H. Wiggins,
'10, and C. W. Waugh, '11, will hold
the championship for the coming year,
having defeated their opponents by
decisive scores.
After many unavoidable delays the
annual doubles handball tournament
has been completed. J. H. Wiggins,
'10, and C. W. Waugh, '11, will hold
the championship for the coming year,
having defeated their opponents by
decisive scores.
After many unavoidable delays the
annual doubles handball tournament
has been completed. J. H. Wiggins,
'10, and C. W. Waugh, '11, will hold
the championship for the coming year,
having defeated their opponents by
decisive scores.
After many unavoidable delays the
annual doubles handball tournament
has been completed. J. H. Wiggins,
'10, and C. W. Waugh, '11, will hold
the championship for the coming year,
having defeated their opponents by
decisive scores.
After many unavoidable delays the
annual doubles handball tournament
has been completed. J. H. Wiggins,
'10, and C. W. Waugh, '11, will hold
the championship for the coming year,
having defeated their opponents by
decisive scores.
After many unavoidable delays the
annual doubles handball tournament
has been completed. J. H. Wiggins,
'10, and C. W. Waugh, '11, will hold
the championship for the coming year,
having defeated their opponents by
decisive scores.
After many unavoidable delays the
annual doubles handball tournament
has been completed. J. H. Wiggins,
'10, and C. W. Waugh, '11, will hold
the championship for the coming year,
having defeated their opponents by
decisive scores.
After many unavoidable delays the
annual doubles handball tournament
has been completed. J. H. Wiggins,
'10, and C. W. Waugh, '11, will hold
the championship for the coming year,
having defeated their opponents by
decisive scores.
After many unavoidable delays the
annual doubles handball tournament
has been completed. J. H. Wiggins,
'10, and C. W. Waugh, '11, will hold
the championship for the coming year,
having defeated their opponents by
decisive scores.
After many unavoidable delays the
annual doubles handball tournament
has been completed. J. H. Wiggins,
'10, and C. W. Waugh, '11, will hold
the championship for the coming year,
having defeated their opponents by
decisive scores.
After many unavoidable delays the
annual doubles handball tournament
has been completed. J. H. Wiggins,
'10, and C. W. Waugh, '11, will hold
the championship for the coming year,
having defeated their opponents by
decisive scores.
