# Return of stolen artifacts unlikely
## 
### Gary Furlong 
Sculptures and textiles which the
Anthropology Department recently
discovered stolen from its collection
probably will not be recovered, ac
cording to department Curator Bert
Gerow.
"Unfortunately, there is a market
around college campuses for this sort
of thing," Anthropology Prof. George
Collier said.
The theft was reported to the De
partment of Public Safety earlier this
week, and occurred between summer
1975 and January 1976, according to
Winifred McCaffrey, an administrative
assistant for the department.
The sculptures are early native
American and belong to the Stanford
Museum. The textiles are Guatamalan
and belong to Anthropology Prof.
George Collier and Emeritus An
thropology Prof. Benjamin Paul.

The official estimate of the theft to
tals $3500; $2000 for the museum's
collection and $1500 for the textiles.
Collier and Paul, however, gave lower
estimates of their monteary losses.
"I only lost about $200 worth, and
Benjamin about the same," Collier
said. "But the monetary value is ir
relevant. Those artifacts mean a lot
more to me personally, and are irrep
laceable. That is where the value is."
The two collections were on display
from 1973 to 1975 and were sponsored
by Collier and Paul's wife, Lois Paul.

In 1975, the collections were taken
down and stored in a padlocked
laboratory where their absence went
unnoticed until a week ago. when Col
lier went down to reclaim his articles
of the textile collection.
Slate carvings
After learning of the theft, depart
ment curator Bert Gerow checked the
Indian sculpture collection, and noted
that seven bone and slate carvings
from there were also missing.
McCaffrey said all stolen pieces
