# Concert Tickets Mailed This Week
## 
### 
Tickets for the concerts to be
given 011 the campus Jan. 4 and
Feb. 15 by the San Francisco Sym
phony Orchestra are being distrib
uted this week.
Purchasers who specified "will
fall" on their order blanks may
pick up their tickets at Room 55 in
Temporary Building B between 9
it.m. and 4:30 p.m. All others will
receive theirs by mail in the next
lew days.
All seats in the balcony circle and
balcony have been taken, but some
tickets remain for the orchestra
section. Priced at $4.80 for both
concerts or $3 for a single perform
ance. these are on sale at the oflfice
of the Committee on Public Exer
cises, Room 55, Temporary Build
ing B.
Pierre Monteux will conduct the
orchestra in its two appearances at
Memorial Hall. Ho has not yet an
nounced the programs' for the two
concerts but that information will
be published as soon as it is avail
able.
Tickets for the concerts to be
given 011 the campus Jan. 4 and
Feb. 15 by the San Francisco Sym
phony Orchestra are being distrib
uted this week.
Purchasers who specified "will
fall" on their order blanks may
pick up their tickets at Room 55 in
Temporary Building B between 9
it.m. and 4:30 p.m. All others will
receive theirs by mail in the next
lew days.
All seats in the balcony circle and
balcony have been taken, but some
tickets remain for the orchestra
section. Priced at $4.80 for both
concerts or $3 for a single perform
ance. these are on sale at the oflfice
of the Committee on Public Exer
cises, Room 55, Temporary Build
ing B.
Pierre Monteux will conduct the
orchestra in its two appearances at
Memorial Hall. Ho has not yet an
nounced the programs' for the two
concerts but that information will
be published as soon as it is avail
able.
Tickets for the concerts to be
given 011 the campus Jan. 4 and
Feb. 15 by the San Francisco Sym
phony Orchestra are being distrib
uted this week.
Purchasers who specified "will
fall" on their order blanks may
pick up their tickets at Room 55 in
Temporary Building B between 9
it.m. and 4:30 p.m. All others will
receive theirs by mail in the next
lew days.
All seats in the balcony circle and
balcony have been taken, but some
tickets remain for the orchestra
section. Priced at $4.80 for both
concerts or $3 for a single perform
ance. these are on sale at the oflfice
of the Committee on Public Exer
cises, Room 55, Temporary Build
ing B.
Pierre Monteux will conduct the
orchestra in its two appearances at
Memorial Hall. Ho has not yet an
nounced the programs' for the two
concerts but that information will
be published as soon as it is avail
able.
Tickets for the concerts to be
given 011 the campus Jan. 4 and
Feb. 15 by the San Francisco Sym
phony Orchestra are being distrib
uted this week.
Purchasers who specified "will
fall" on their order blanks may
pick up their tickets at Room 55 in
Temporary Building B between 9
it.m. and 4:30 p.m. All others will
receive theirs by mail in the next
lew days.
All seats in the balcony circle and
balcony have been taken, but some
tickets remain for the orchestra
section. Priced at $4.80 for both
concerts or $3 for a single perform
ance. these are on sale at the oflfice
of the Committee on Public Exer
cises, Room 55, Temporary Build
ing B.
Pierre Monteux will conduct the
orchestra in its two appearances at
Memorial Hall. Ho has not yet an
nounced the programs' for the two
concerts but that information will
be published as soon as it is avail
able.
Tickets for the concerts to be
given 011 the campus Jan. 4 and
Feb. 15 by the San Francisco Sym
phony Orchestra are being distrib
uted this week.
Purchasers who specified "will
fall" on their order blanks may
pick up their tickets at Room 55 in
Temporary Building B between 9
it.m. and 4:30 p.m. All others will
receive theirs by mail in the next
lew days.
All seats in the balcony circle and
balcony have been taken, but some
tickets remain for the orchestra
section. Priced at $4.80 for both
concerts or $3 for a single perform
ance. these are on sale at the oflfice
of the Committee on Public Exer
cises, Room 55, Temporary Build
ing B.
Pierre Monteux will conduct the
orchestra in its two appearances at
Memorial Hall. Ho has not yet an
nounced the programs' for the two
concerts but that information will
be published as soon as it is avail
able.
Tickets for the concerts to be
given 011 the campus Jan. 4 and
Feb. 15 by the San Francisco Sym
phony Orchestra are being distrib
uted this week.
Purchasers who specified "will
fall" on their order blanks may
pick up their tickets at Room 55 in
Temporary Building B between 9
it.m. and 4:30 p.m. All others will
receive theirs by mail in the next
lew days.
All seats in the balcony circle and
balcony have been taken, but some
tickets remain for the orchestra
section. Priced at $4.80 for both
concerts or $3 for a single perform
ance. these are on sale at the oflfice
of the Committee on Public Exer
cises, Room 55, Temporary Build
ing B.
Pierre Monteux will conduct the
orchestra in its two appearances at
Memorial Hall. Ho has not yet an
nounced the programs' for the two
concerts but that information will
be published as soon as it is avail
able.
Tickets for the concerts to be
given 011 the campus Jan. 4 and
Feb. 15 by the San Francisco Sym
phony Orchestra are being distrib
uted this week.
Purchasers who specified "will
fall" on their order blanks may
pick up their tickets at Room 55 in
Temporary Building B between 9
it.m. and 4:30 p.m. All others will
receive theirs by mail in the next
lew days.
All seats in the balcony circle and
balcony have been taken, but some
tickets remain for the orchestra
section. Priced at $4.80 for both
concerts or $3 for a single perform
ance. these are on sale at the oflfice
of the Committee on Public Exer
cises, Room 55, Temporary Build
ing B.
Pierre Monteux will conduct the
orchestra in its two appearances at
Memorial Hall. Ho has not yet an
nounced the programs' for the two
concerts but that information will
be published as soon as it is avail
able.
Tickets for the concerts to be
given 011 the campus Jan. 4 and
Feb. 15 by the San Francisco Sym
phony Orchestra are being distrib
uted this week.
Purchasers who specified "will
fall" on their order blanks may
pick up their tickets at Room 55 in
Temporary Building B between 9
it.m. and 4:30 p.m. All others will
receive theirs by mail in the next
lew days.
All seats in the balcony circle and
balcony have been taken, but some
tickets remain for the orchestra
section. Priced at $4.80 for both
concerts or $3 for a single perform
ance. these are on sale at the oflfice
of the Committee on Public Exer
cises, Room 55, Temporary Build
ing B.
Pierre Monteux will conduct the
orchestra in its two appearances at
Memorial Hall. Ho has not yet an
nounced the programs' for the two
concerts but that information will
be published as soon as it is avail
able.
Tickets for the concerts to be
given 011 the campus Jan. 4 and
Feb. 15 by the San Francisco Sym
phony Orchestra are being distrib
uted this week.
Purchasers who specified "will
fall" on their order blanks may
pick up their tickets at Room 55 in
Temporary Building B between 9
it.m. and 4:30 p.m. All others will
receive theirs by mail in the next
lew days.
All seats in the balcony circle and
balcony have been taken, but some
tickets remain for the orchestra
section. Priced at $4.80 for both
concerts or $3 for a single perform
ance. these are on sale at the oflfice
of the Committee on Public Exer
cises, Room 55, Temporary Build
ing B.
Pierre Monteux will conduct the
orchestra in its two appearances at
Memorial Hall. Ho has not yet an
nounced the programs' for the two
concerts but that information will
be published as soon as it is avail
able.
Tickets for the concerts to be
given 011 the campus Jan. 4 and
Feb. 15 by the San Francisco Sym
phony Orchestra are being distrib
uted this week.
Purchasers who specified "will
fall" on their order blanks may
pick up their tickets at Room 55 in
Temporary Building B between 9
it.m. and 4:30 p.m. All others will
receive theirs by mail in the next
lew days.
All seats in the balcony circle and
balcony have been taken, but some
tickets remain for the orchestra
section. Priced at $4.80 for both
concerts or $3 for a single perform
ance. these are on sale at the oflfice
of the Committee on Public Exer
cises, Room 55, Temporary Build
ing B.
Pierre Monteux will conduct the
orchestra in its two appearances at
Memorial Hall. Ho has not yet an
nounced the programs' for the two
concerts but that information will
be published as soon as it is avail
able.
Tickets for the concerts to be
given 011 the campus Jan. 4 and
Feb. 15 by the San Francisco Sym
phony Orchestra are being distrib
uted this week.
Purchasers who specified "will
fall" on their order blanks may
pick up their tickets at Room 55 in
Temporary Building B between 9
it.m. and 4:30 p.m. All others will
receive theirs by mail in the next
lew days.
All seats in the balcony circle and
balcony have been taken, but some
tickets remain for the orchestra
section. Priced at $4.80 for both
concerts or $3 for a single perform
ance. these are on sale at the oflfice
of the Committee on Public Exer
cises, Room 55, Temporary Build
ing B.
Pierre Monteux will conduct the
orchestra in its two appearances at
Memorial Hall. Ho has not yet an
nounced the programs' for the two
concerts but that information will
be published as soon as it is avail
able.
Tickets for the concerts to be
given 011 the campus Jan. 4 and
Feb. 15 by the San Francisco Sym
phony Orchestra are being distrib
uted this week.
Purchasers who specified "will
fall" on their order blanks may
pick up their tickets at Room 55 in
Temporary Building B between 9
it.m. and 4:30 p.m. All others will
receive theirs by mail in the next
lew days.
All seats in the balcony circle and
balcony have been taken, but some
tickets remain for the orchestra
section. Priced at $4.80 for both
concerts or $3 for a single perform
ance. these are on sale at the oflfice
of the Committee on Public Exer
cises, Room 55, Temporary Build
ing B.
Pierre Monteux will conduct the
orchestra in its two appearances at
Memorial Hall. Ho has not yet an
nounced the programs' for the two
concerts but that information will
be published as soon as it is avail
able.
Tickets for the concerts to be
given 011 the campus Jan. 4 and
Feb. 15 by the San Francisco Sym
phony Orchestra are being distrib
uted this week.
Purchasers who specified "will
fall" on their order blanks may
pick up their tickets at Room 55 in
Temporary Building B between 9
it.m. and 4:30 p.m. All others will
receive theirs by mail in the next
lew days.
All seats in the balcony circle and
balcony have been taken, but some
tickets remain for the orchestra
section. Priced at $4.80 for both
concerts or $3 for a single perform
ance. these are on sale at the oflfice
of the Committee on Public Exer
cises, Room 55, Temporary Build
ing B.
Pierre Monteux will conduct the
orchestra in its two appearances at
Memorial Hall. Ho has not yet an
nounced the programs' for the two
concerts but that information will
be published as soon as it is avail
able.
Tickets for the concerts to be
given 011 the campus Jan. 4 and
Feb. 15 by the San Francisco Sym
phony Orchestra are being distrib
uted this week.
Purchasers who specified "will
fall" on their order blanks may
pick up their tickets at Room 55 in
Temporary Building B between 9
it.m. and 4:30 p.m. All others will
receive theirs by mail in the next
lew days.
All seats in the balcony circle and
balcony have been taken, but some
tickets remain for the orchestra
section. Priced at $4.80 for both
concerts or $3 for a single perform
ance. these are on sale at the oflfice
of the Committee on Public Exer
cises, Room 55, Temporary Build
ing B.
Pierre Monteux will conduct the
orchestra in its two appearances at
Memorial Hall. Ho has not yet an
nounced the programs' for the two
concerts but that information will
be published as soon as it is avail
able.
Tickets for the concerts to be
given 011 the campus Jan. 4 and
Feb. 15 by the San Francisco Sym
phony Orchestra are being distrib
uted this week.
Purchasers who specified "will
fall" on their order blanks may
pick up their tickets at Room 55 in
Temporary Building B between 9
it.m. and 4:30 p.m. All others will
receive theirs by mail in the next
lew days.
All seats in the balcony circle and
balcony have been taken, but some
tickets remain for the orchestra
section. Priced at $4.80 for both
concerts or $3 for a single perform
ance. these are on sale at the oflfice
of the Committee on Public Exer
cises, Room 55, Temporary Build
ing B.
Pierre Monteux will conduct the
orchestra in its two appearances at
Memorial Hall. Ho has not yet an
nounced the programs' for the two
concerts but that information will
be published as soon as it is avail
able.
Tickets for the concerts to be
given 011 the campus Jan. 4 and
Feb. 15 by the San Francisco Sym
phony Orchestra are being distrib
uted this week.
Purchasers who specified "will
fall" on their order blanks may
pick up their tickets at Room 55 in
Temporary Building B between 9
it.m. and 4:30 p.m. All others will
receive theirs by mail in the next
lew days.
All seats in the balcony circle and
balcony have been taken, but some
tickets remain for the orchestra
section. Priced at $4.80 for both
concerts or $3 for a single perform
ance. these are on sale at the oflfice
of the Committee on Public Exer
cises, Room 55, Temporary Build
ing B.
Pierre Monteux will conduct the
orchestra in its two appearances at
Memorial Hall. Ho has not yet an
nounced the programs' for the two
concerts but that information will
be published as soon as it is avail
able.
