# APOSTOLI MEETS TURNER
## 
### 
OAKLAND, Nov. 30 </!*).—Fred
Apostoli, Sun Francisco, former
middleweight title holder, meets
Sari Turner of Richmond in a 10-
round fight here tomorrow night.
Turner substitutes for ex-champion
Rocky Graziano.

Graziano, originally billed to
meet the hard-hitting San Francis
can, pulled out of the match and
returned to his Brooklyn home af
ter spending a few days in training
here.
OAKLAND, Nov. 30 </!*).—Fred
Apostoli, Sun Francisco, former
middleweight title holder, meets
Sari Turner of Richmond in a 10-
round fight here tomorrow night.
Turner substitutes for ex-champion
Rocky Graziano.

Graziano, originally billed to
meet the hard-hitting San Francis
can, pulled out of the match and
returned to his Brooklyn home af
ter spending a few days in training
here.
OAKLAND, Nov. 30 </!*).—Fred
Apostoli, Sun Francisco, former
middleweight title holder, meets
Sari Turner of Richmond in a 10-
round fight here tomorrow night.
Turner substitutes for ex-champion
Rocky Graziano.

Graziano, originally billed to
meet the hard-hitting San Francis
can, pulled out of the match and
returned to his Brooklyn home af
ter spending a few days in training
here.
OAKLAND, Nov. 30 </!*).—Fred
Apostoli, Sun Francisco, former
middleweight title holder, meets
Sari Turner of Richmond in a 10-
round fight here tomorrow night.
Turner substitutes for ex-champion
Rocky Graziano.

Graziano, originally billed to
meet the hard-hitting San Francis
can, pulled out of the match and
returned to his Brooklyn home af
ter spending a few days in training
here.
OAKLAND, Nov. 30 </!*).—Fred
Apostoli, Sun Francisco, former
middleweight title holder, meets
Sari Turner of Richmond in a 10-
round fight here tomorrow night.
Turner substitutes for ex-champion
Rocky Graziano.

Graziano, originally billed to
meet the hard-hitting San Francis
can, pulled out of the match and
returned to his Brooklyn home af
ter spending a few days in training
here.
OAKLAND, Nov. 30 </!*).—Fred
Apostoli, Sun Francisco, former
middleweight title holder, meets
Sari Turner of Richmond in a 10-
round fight here tomorrow night.
Turner substitutes for ex-champion
Rocky Graziano.

Graziano, originally billed to
meet the hard-hitting San Francis
can, pulled out of the match and
returned to his Brooklyn home af
ter spending a few days in training
here.
OAKLAND, Nov. 30 </!*).—Fred
Apostoli, Sun Francisco, former
middleweight title holder, meets
Sari Turner of Richmond in a 10-
round fight here tomorrow night.
Turner substitutes for ex-champion
Rocky Graziano.

Graziano, originally billed to
meet the hard-hitting San Francis
can, pulled out of the match and
returned to his Brooklyn home af
ter spending a few days in training
here.
OAKLAND, Nov. 30 </!*).—Fred
Apostoli, Sun Francisco, former
middleweight title holder, meets
Sari Turner of Richmond in a 10-
round fight here tomorrow night.
Turner substitutes for ex-champion
Rocky Graziano.

Graziano, originally billed to
meet the hard-hitting San Francis
can, pulled out of the match and
returned to his Brooklyn home af
ter spending a few days in training
here.
OAKLAND, Nov. 30 </!*).—Fred
Apostoli, Sun Francisco, former
middleweight title holder, meets
Sari Turner of Richmond in a 10-
round fight here tomorrow night.
Turner substitutes for ex-champion
Rocky Graziano.

Graziano, originally billed to
meet the hard-hitting San Francis
can, pulled out of the match and
returned to his Brooklyn home af
ter spending a few days in training
here.
OAKLAND, Nov. 30 </!*).—Fred
Apostoli, Sun Francisco, former
middleweight title holder, meets
Sari Turner of Richmond in a 10-
round fight here tomorrow night.
Turner substitutes for ex-champion
Rocky Graziano.

Graziano, originally billed to
meet the hard-hitting San Francis
can, pulled out of the match and
returned to his Brooklyn home af
ter spending a few days in training
here.
OAKLAND, Nov. 30 </!*).—Fred
Apostoli, Sun Francisco, former
middleweight title holder, meets
Sari Turner of Richmond in a 10-
round fight here tomorrow night.
Turner substitutes for ex-champion
Rocky Graziano.

Graziano, originally billed to
meet the hard-hitting San Francis
can, pulled out of the match and
returned to his Brooklyn home af
ter spending a few days in training
here.
OAKLAND, Nov. 30 </!*).—Fred
Apostoli, Sun Francisco, former
middleweight title holder, meets
Sari Turner of Richmond in a 10-
round fight here tomorrow night.
Turner substitutes for ex-champion
Rocky Graziano.

Graziano, originally billed to
meet the hard-hitting San Francis
can, pulled out of the match and
returned to his Brooklyn home af
ter spending a few days in training
here.
OAKLAND, Nov. 30 </!*).—Fred
Apostoli, Sun Francisco, former
middleweight title holder, meets
Sari Turner of Richmond in a 10-
round fight here tomorrow night.
Turner substitutes for ex-champion
Rocky Graziano.

Graziano, originally billed to
meet the hard-hitting San Francis
can, pulled out of the match and
returned to his Brooklyn home af
ter spending a few days in training
here.
OAKLAND, Nov. 30 </!*).—Fred
Apostoli, Sun Francisco, former
middleweight title holder, meets
Sari Turner of Richmond in a 10-
round fight here tomorrow night.
Turner substitutes for ex-champion
Rocky Graziano.

Graziano, originally billed to
meet the hard-hitting San Francis
can, pulled out of the match and
returned to his Brooklyn home af
ter spending a few days in training
here.
OAKLAND, Nov. 30 </!*).—Fred
Apostoli, Sun Francisco, former
middleweight title holder, meets
Sari Turner of Richmond in a 10-
round fight here tomorrow night.
Turner substitutes for ex-champion
Rocky Graziano.

Graziano, originally billed to
meet the hard-hitting San Francis
can, pulled out of the match and
returned to his Brooklyn home af
ter spending a few days in training
here.
OAKLAND, Nov. 30 </!*).—Fred
Apostoli, Sun Francisco, former
middleweight title holder, meets
Sari Turner of Richmond in a 10-
round fight here tomorrow night.
Turner substitutes for ex-champion
Rocky Graziano.

Graziano, originally billed to
meet the hard-hitting San Francis
can, pulled out of the match and
returned to his Brooklyn home af
ter spending a few days in training
here.
