# ELECTION CHAIRMAN CALLS STAFF MEETING
## 
### 
A. A. Carv, '22, chairman of the elec
tion committee, desires all members of.
the committee to meet at the Romanic
Languages building Wednesday at 4:15.
Matters concerning the coming student
body election will be discussed, and com
mittee members will be assigned to reg
ular work.
A. A. Carv, '22, chairman of the elec
tion committee, desires all members of.
the committee to meet at the Romanic
Languages building Wednesday at 4:15.
Matters concerning the coming student
body election will be discussed, and com
mittee members will be assigned to reg
ular work.
A. A. Carv, '22, chairman of the elec
tion committee, desires all members of.
the committee to meet at the Romanic
Languages building Wednesday at 4:15.
Matters concerning the coming student
body election will be discussed, and com
mittee members will be assigned to reg
ular work.
A. A. Carv, '22, chairman of the elec
tion committee, desires all members of.
the committee to meet at the Romanic
Languages building Wednesday at 4:15.
Matters concerning the coming student
body election will be discussed, and com
mittee members will be assigned to reg
ular work.
A. A. Carv, '22, chairman of the elec
tion committee, desires all members of.
the committee to meet at the Romanic
Languages building Wednesday at 4:15.
Matters concerning the coming student
body election will be discussed, and com
mittee members will be assigned to reg
ular work.
A. A. Carv, '22, chairman of the elec
tion committee, desires all members of.
the committee to meet at the Romanic
Languages building Wednesday at 4:15.
Matters concerning the coming student
body election will be discussed, and com
mittee members will be assigned to reg
ular work.
A. A. Carv, '22, chairman of the elec
tion committee, desires all members of.
the committee to meet at the Romanic
Languages building Wednesday at 4:15.
Matters concerning the coming student
body election will be discussed, and com
mittee members will be assigned to reg
ular work.
A. A. Carv, '22, chairman of the elec
tion committee, desires all members of.
the committee to meet at the Romanic
Languages building Wednesday at 4:15.
Matters concerning the coming student
body election will be discussed, and com
mittee members will be assigned to reg
ular work.
A. A. Carv, '22, chairman of the elec
tion committee, desires all members of.
the committee to meet at the Romanic
Languages building Wednesday at 4:15.
Matters concerning the coming student
body election will be discussed, and com
mittee members will be assigned to reg
ular work.
A. A. Carv, '22, chairman of the elec
tion committee, desires all members of.
the committee to meet at the Romanic
Languages building Wednesday at 4:15.
Matters concerning the coming student
body election will be discussed, and com
mittee members will be assigned to reg
ular work.
A. A. Carv, '22, chairman of the elec
tion committee, desires all members of.
the committee to meet at the Romanic
Languages building Wednesday at 4:15.
Matters concerning the coming student
body election will be discussed, and com
mittee members will be assigned to reg
ular work.
A. A. Carv, '22, chairman of the elec
tion committee, desires all members of.
the committee to meet at the Romanic
Languages building Wednesday at 4:15.
Matters concerning the coming student
body election will be discussed, and com
mittee members will be assigned to reg
ular work.
A. A. Carv, '22, chairman of the elec
tion committee, desires all members of.
the committee to meet at the Romanic
Languages building Wednesday at 4:15.
Matters concerning the coming student
body election will be discussed, and com
mittee members will be assigned to reg
ular work.
