# MATCHES RESUMED IN TENNIS TOURNAMENT
## 
### 
First round mutches in the tennis
singles tournament scheduled for Sat
urday will be completed tomorrow aft
ernoon. In addition, some of those
who have advanced to the second
bracket will meett new opponents. By
this method, it is hoped to complete
the tournament as close to schedule
as possible.
Those who will play in the second
round are: Marks vs. Farley, Kitow
vs. and Jones vs. Mass. These
matches are scheduled for 3 o'clock
tomorrow. Players in first-round sets
at this hour are: Burcham vs. Holli
way, Kelly vs. Mizota, Howard vs.
Leeds, Milliken vs. Williams, Bennett
vs. Oberfelt.
Those to play at 4 o'clock are:
Nichols vs. Wiel, Rowlins vs. Enos,
Allen vs. Hollingsworth, Newill vs.
Wichrman, Field vs. Porter, Wright
vs. Price, Booth vs. May, CouLthurst
vs. Harmer, Clayton vs. Webb, Kramer
vs. Gross.
Every player must appear for his
match to be forfeited, according to
an announcement from the tennis
manager.
