# "CURIOSITY" TO BE SUBJECT OF TALK BY PEIRCE
## Stanford Botany Professor Will Estimate Curiosity of Students Tomorrow Eve 
### 
"Intelectual Curiosity" is the subject
which Professor George J. Peirce, head
of the Stanford Botany Department, has
chosen to discuss tomorrow night at
7:30 in the Little theater. Mr. Peirce
says that each of us is constantly clos
ing his mind more and more to shut out
new things and ideas. This should not
be happening because we gradually de
teriorate and decay as our intellectual
curiosity grows less and less, he says.
He intends to find out at his lecture just
how much curiosity the Stanford stu
dents possess.
Professor Peirce has been a member
of the Stanford faculty for twenty-four
years. He attended the Lawrence Sci
entific School. In 1890 he received his
B. S. degree from Harvard University.
After studying in Bonn, Leipzig and
Munich, he took the degrees of A. M.
and Ph. I). at Leipzig in 1894. For two
years Professor Peirce was an assistant
in the Botany Department of Harvard
University and Radcliffe College, and
later was a member of the faculty of
the University of Indiana. At different
times since he has been at Stanford,
Professor Peirce has acted as an agent
for the United States Forest Service,
and as a special agent for the Depart
ment of Justice in studying the effect
of smoke on vegetation. He has recently
returned from an extended stay in the
east.
"Intelectual Curiosity" is the subject
which Professor George J. Peirce, head
of the Stanford Botany Department, has
chosen to discuss tomorrow night at
7:30 in the Little theater. Mr. Peirce
says that each of us is constantly clos
ing his mind more and more to shut out
new things and ideas. This should not
be happening because we gradually de
teriorate and decay as our intellectual
curiosity grows less and less, he says.
He intends to find out at his lecture just
how much curiosity the Stanford stu
dents possess.
Professor Peirce has been a member
of the Stanford faculty for twenty-four
years. He attended the Lawrence Sci
entific School. In 1890 he received his
B. S. degree from Harvard University.
After studying in Bonn, Leipzig and
Munich, he took the degrees of A. M.
and Ph. I). at Leipzig in 1894. For two
years Professor Peirce was an assistant
in the Botany Department of Harvard
University and Radcliffe College, and
later was a member of the faculty of
the University of Indiana. At different
times since he has been at Stanford,
Professor Peirce has acted as an agent
for the United States Forest Service,
and as a special agent for the Depart
ment of Justice in studying the effect
of smoke on vegetation. He has recently
returned from an extended stay in the
east.
"Intelectual Curiosity" is the subject
which Professor George J. Peirce, head
of the Stanford Botany Department, has
chosen to discuss tomorrow night at
7:30 in the Little theater. Mr. Peirce
says that each of us is constantly clos
ing his mind more and more to shut out
new things and ideas. This should not
be happening because we gradually de
teriorate and decay as our intellectual
curiosity grows less and less, he says.
He intends to find out at his lecture just
how much curiosity the Stanford stu
dents possess.
Professor Peirce has been a member
of the Stanford faculty for twenty-four
years. He attended the Lawrence Sci
entific School. In 1890 he received his
B. S. degree from Harvard University.
After studying in Bonn, Leipzig and
Munich, he took the degrees of A. M.
and Ph. I). at Leipzig in 1894. For two
years Professor Peirce was an assistant
in the Botany Department of Harvard
University and Radcliffe College, and
later was a member of the faculty of
the University of Indiana. At different
times since he has been at Stanford,
Professor Peirce has acted as an agent
for the United States Forest Service,
and as a special agent for the Depart
ment of Justice in studying the effect
of smoke on vegetation. He has recently
returned from an extended stay in the
east.
"Intelectual Curiosity" is the subject
which Professor George J. Peirce, head
of the Stanford Botany Department, has
chosen to discuss tomorrow night at
7:30 in the Little theater. Mr. Peirce
says that each of us is constantly clos
ing his mind more and more to shut out
new things and ideas. This should not
be happening because we gradually de
teriorate and decay as our intellectual
curiosity grows less and less, he says.
He intends to find out at his lecture just
how much curiosity the Stanford stu
dents possess.
Professor Peirce has been a member
of the Stanford faculty for twenty-four
years. He attended the Lawrence Sci
entific School. In 1890 he received his
B. S. degree from Harvard University.
After studying in Bonn, Leipzig and
Munich, he took the degrees of A. M.
and Ph. I). at Leipzig in 1894. For two
years Professor Peirce was an assistant
in the Botany Department of Harvard
University and Radcliffe College, and
later was a member of the faculty of
the University of Indiana. At different
times since he has been at Stanford,
Professor Peirce has acted as an agent
for the United States Forest Service,
and as a special agent for the Depart
ment of Justice in studying the effect
of smoke on vegetation. He has recently
returned from an extended stay in the
east.
"Intelectual Curiosity" is the subject
which Professor George J. Peirce, head
of the Stanford Botany Department, has
chosen to discuss tomorrow night at
7:30 in the Little theater. Mr. Peirce
says that each of us is constantly clos
ing his mind more and more to shut out
new things and ideas. This should not
be happening because we gradually de
teriorate and decay as our intellectual
curiosity grows less and less, he says.
He intends to find out at his lecture just
how much curiosity the Stanford stu
dents possess.
Professor Peirce has been a member
of the Stanford faculty for twenty-four
years. He attended the Lawrence Sci
entific School. In 1890 he received his
B. S. degree from Harvard University.
After studying in Bonn, Leipzig and
Munich, he took the degrees of A. M.
and Ph. I). at Leipzig in 1894. For two
years Professor Peirce was an assistant
in the Botany Department of Harvard
University and Radcliffe College, and
later was a member of the faculty of
the University of Indiana. At different
times since he has been at Stanford,
Professor Peirce has acted as an agent
for the United States Forest Service,
and as a special agent for the Depart
ment of Justice in studying the effect
of smoke on vegetation. He has recently
returned from an extended stay in the
east.
"Intelectual Curiosity" is the subject
which Professor George J. Peirce, head
of the Stanford Botany Department, has
chosen to discuss tomorrow night at
7:30 in the Little theater. Mr. Peirce
says that each of us is constantly clos
ing his mind more and more to shut out
new things and ideas. This should not
be happening because we gradually de
teriorate and decay as our intellectual
curiosity grows less and less, he says.
He intends to find out at his lecture just
how much curiosity the Stanford stu
dents possess.
Professor Peirce has been a member
of the Stanford faculty for twenty-four
years. He attended the Lawrence Sci
entific School. In 1890 he received his
B. S. degree from Harvard University.
After studying in Bonn, Leipzig and
Munich, he took the degrees of A. M.
and Ph. I). at Leipzig in 1894. For two
years Professor Peirce was an assistant
in the Botany Department of Harvard
University and Radcliffe College, and
later was a member of the faculty of
the University of Indiana. At different
times since he has been at Stanford,
Professor Peirce has acted as an agent
for the United States Forest Service,
and as a special agent for the Depart
ment of Justice in studying the effect
of smoke on vegetation. He has recently
returned from an extended stay in the
east.
"Intelectual Curiosity" is the subject
which Professor George J. Peirce, head
of the Stanford Botany Department, has
chosen to discuss tomorrow night at
7:30 in the Little theater. Mr. Peirce
says that each of us is constantly clos
ing his mind more and more to shut out
new things and ideas. This should not
be happening because we gradually de
teriorate and decay as our intellectual
curiosity grows less and less, he says.
He intends to find out at his lecture just
how much curiosity the Stanford stu
dents possess.
Professor Peirce has been a member
of the Stanford faculty for twenty-four
years. He attended the Lawrence Sci
entific School. In 1890 he received his
B. S. degree from Harvard University.
After studying in Bonn, Leipzig and
Munich, he took the degrees of A. M.
and Ph. I). at Leipzig in 1894. For two
years Professor Peirce was an assistant
in the Botany Department of Harvard
University and Radcliffe College, and
later was a member of the faculty of
the University of Indiana. At different
times since he has been at Stanford,
Professor Peirce has acted as an agent
for the United States Forest Service,
and as a special agent for the Depart
ment of Justice in studying the effect
of smoke on vegetation. He has recently
returned from an extended stay in the
east.
"Intelectual Curiosity" is the subject
which Professor George J. Peirce, head
of the Stanford Botany Department, has
chosen to discuss tomorrow night at
7:30 in the Little theater. Mr. Peirce
says that each of us is constantly clos
ing his mind more and more to shut out
new things and ideas. This should not
be happening because we gradually de
teriorate and decay as our intellectual
curiosity grows less and less, he says.
He intends to find out at his lecture just
how much curiosity the Stanford stu
dents possess.
Professor Peirce has been a member
of the Stanford faculty for twenty-four
years. He attended the Lawrence Sci
entific School. In 1890 he received his
B. S. degree from Harvard University.
After studying in Bonn, Leipzig and
Munich, he took the degrees of A. M.
and Ph. I). at Leipzig in 1894. For two
years Professor Peirce was an assistant
in the Botany Department of Harvard
University and Radcliffe College, and
later was a member of the faculty of
the University of Indiana. At different
times since he has been at Stanford,
Professor Peirce has acted as an agent
for the United States Forest Service,
and as a special agent for the Depart
ment of Justice in studying the effect
of smoke on vegetation. He has recently
returned from an extended stay in the
east.
"Intelectual Curiosity" is the subject
which Professor George J. Peirce, head
of the Stanford Botany Department, has
chosen to discuss tomorrow night at
7:30 in the Little theater. Mr. Peirce
says that each of us is constantly clos
ing his mind more and more to shut out
new things and ideas. This should not
be happening because we gradually de
teriorate and decay as our intellectual
curiosity grows less and less, he says.
He intends to find out at his lecture just
how much curiosity the Stanford stu
dents possess.
Professor Peirce has been a member
of the Stanford faculty for twenty-four
years. He attended the Lawrence Sci
entific School. In 1890 he received his
B. S. degree from Harvard University.
After studying in Bonn, Leipzig and
Munich, he took the degrees of A. M.
and Ph. I). at Leipzig in 1894. For two
years Professor Peirce was an assistant
in the Botany Department of Harvard
University and Radcliffe College, and
later was a member of the faculty of
the University of Indiana. At different
times since he has been at Stanford,
Professor Peirce has acted as an agent
for the United States Forest Service,
and as a special agent for the Depart
ment of Justice in studying the effect
of smoke on vegetation. He has recently
returned from an extended stay in the
east.
"Intelectual Curiosity" is the subject
which Professor George J. Peirce, head
of the Stanford Botany Department, has
chosen to discuss tomorrow night at
7:30 in the Little theater. Mr. Peirce
says that each of us is constantly clos
ing his mind more and more to shut out
new things and ideas. This should not
be happening because we gradually de
teriorate and decay as our intellectual
curiosity grows less and less, he says.
He intends to find out at his lecture just
how much curiosity the Stanford stu
dents possess.
Professor Peirce has been a member
of the Stanford faculty for twenty-four
years. He attended the Lawrence Sci
entific School. In 1890 he received his
B. S. degree from Harvard University.
After studying in Bonn, Leipzig and
Munich, he took the degrees of A. M.
and Ph. I). at Leipzig in 1894. For two
years Professor Peirce was an assistant
in the Botany Department of Harvard
University and Radcliffe College, and
later was a member of the faculty of
the University of Indiana. At different
times since he has been at Stanford,
Professor Peirce has acted as an agent
for the United States Forest Service,
and as a special agent for the Depart
ment of Justice in studying the effect
of smoke on vegetation. He has recently
returned from an extended stay in the
east.
"Intelectual Curiosity" is the subject
which Professor George J. Peirce, head
of the Stanford Botany Department, has
chosen to discuss tomorrow night at
7:30 in the Little theater. Mr. Peirce
says that each of us is constantly clos
ing his mind more and more to shut out
new things and ideas. This should not
be happening because we gradually de
teriorate and decay as our intellectual
curiosity grows less and less, he says.
He intends to find out at his lecture just
how much curiosity the Stanford stu
dents possess.
Professor Peirce has been a member
of the Stanford faculty for twenty-four
years. He attended the Lawrence Sci
entific School. In 1890 he received his
B. S. degree from Harvard University.
After studying in Bonn, Leipzig and
Munich, he took the degrees of A. M.
and Ph. I). at Leipzig in 1894. For two
years Professor Peirce was an assistant
in the Botany Department of Harvard
University and Radcliffe College, and
later was a member of the faculty of
the University of Indiana. At different
times since he has been at Stanford,
Professor Peirce has acted as an agent
for the United States Forest Service,
and as a special agent for the Depart
ment of Justice in studying the effect
of smoke on vegetation. He has recently
returned from an extended stay in the
east.
"Intelectual Curiosity" is the subject
which Professor George J. Peirce, head
of the Stanford Botany Department, has
chosen to discuss tomorrow night at
7:30 in the Little theater. Mr. Peirce
says that each of us is constantly clos
ing his mind more and more to shut out
new things and ideas. This should not
be happening because we gradually de
teriorate and decay as our intellectual
curiosity grows less and less, he says.
He intends to find out at his lecture just
how much curiosity the Stanford stu
dents possess.
Professor Peirce has been a member
of the Stanford faculty for twenty-four
years. He attended the Lawrence Sci
entific School. In 1890 he received his
B. S. degree from Harvard University.
After studying in Bonn, Leipzig and
Munich, he took the degrees of A. M.
and Ph. I). at Leipzig in 1894. For two
years Professor Peirce was an assistant
in the Botany Department of Harvard
University and Radcliffe College, and
later was a member of the faculty of
the University of Indiana. At different
times since he has been at Stanford,
Professor Peirce has acted as an agent
for the United States Forest Service,
and as a special agent for the Depart
ment of Justice in studying the effect
of smoke on vegetation. He has recently
returned from an extended stay in the
east.
"Intelectual Curiosity" is the subject
which Professor George J. Peirce, head
of the Stanford Botany Department, has
chosen to discuss tomorrow night at
7:30 in the Little theater. Mr. Peirce
says that each of us is constantly clos
ing his mind more and more to shut out
new things and ideas. This should not
be happening because we gradually de
teriorate and decay as our intellectual
curiosity grows less and less, he says.
He intends to find out at his lecture just
how much curiosity the Stanford stu
dents possess.
Professor Peirce has been a member
of the Stanford faculty for twenty-four
years. He attended the Lawrence Sci
entific School. In 1890 he received his
B. S. degree from Harvard University.
After studying in Bonn, Leipzig and
Munich, he took the degrees of A. M.
and Ph. I). at Leipzig in 1894. For two
years Professor Peirce was an assistant
in the Botany Department of Harvard
University and Radcliffe College, and
later was a member of the faculty of
the University of Indiana. At different
times since he has been at Stanford,
Professor Peirce has acted as an agent
for the United States Forest Service,
and as a special agent for the Depart
ment of Justice in studying the effect
of smoke on vegetation. He has recently
returned from an extended stay in the
east.
