# Cast Picked For Comedy
## 
### 
Samuel Raphaelson's mode r n
comedy, "Jason," will be given as a
featured presentation of the com
mencement program, Dr. A. Nicholas
Vardac, associate professor of speech
and drama, announced this week.
Roy Poole will play the title role,
supported by Dick Egan as Mr. Ken
nedy, Frances Waller as Lisa, Jules
Irving as Squibb, Richard Hawkins
as Bronson, Walt Witcover as
Crocker, and Paula Blanchard as
Mrs. Kennedy.
Others in the cast include Newt
Arnold, Priscilla Dunn, Don Sobi
eske, and Jane Cannon. Dr. Vardac
is directing the production.
'"Jason" will be given in the Lit
tle Theatre and v/ill run from June
10 to 12, inclusive.
Tickets will go on sale May 31 for
90 cents. Mail orders are being ac
cepted now.
Samuel Raphaelson's mode r n
comedy, "Jason," will be given as a
featured presentation of the com
mencement program, Dr. A. Nicholas
Vardac, associate professor of speech
and drama, announced this week.
Roy Poole will play the title role,
supported by Dick Egan as Mr. Ken
nedy, Frances Waller as Lisa, Jules
Irving as Squibb, Richard Hawkins
as Bronson, Walt Witcover as
Crocker, and Paula Blanchard as
Mrs. Kennedy.
Others in the cast include Newt
Arnold, Priscilla Dunn, Don Sobi
eske, and Jane Cannon. Dr. Vardac
is directing the production.
'"Jason" will be given in the Lit
tle Theatre and v/ill run from June
10 to 12, inclusive.
Tickets will go on sale May 31 for
90 cents. Mail orders are being ac
cepted now.
Samuel Raphaelson's mode r n
comedy, "Jason," will be given as a
featured presentation of the com
mencement program, Dr. A. Nicholas
Vardac, associate professor of speech
and drama, announced this week.
Roy Poole will play the title role,
supported by Dick Egan as Mr. Ken
nedy, Frances Waller as Lisa, Jules
Irving as Squibb, Richard Hawkins
as Bronson, Walt Witcover as
Crocker, and Paula Blanchard as
Mrs. Kennedy.
Others in the cast include Newt
Arnold, Priscilla Dunn, Don Sobi
eske, and Jane Cannon. Dr. Vardac
is directing the production.
'"Jason" will be given in the Lit
tle Theatre and v/ill run from June
10 to 12, inclusive.
Tickets will go on sale May 31 for
90 cents. Mail orders are being ac
cepted now.
Samuel Raphaelson's mode r n
comedy, "Jason," will be given as a
featured presentation of the com
mencement program, Dr. A. Nicholas
Vardac, associate professor of speech
and drama, announced this week.
Roy Poole will play the title role,
supported by Dick Egan as Mr. Ken
nedy, Frances Waller as Lisa, Jules
Irving as Squibb, Richard Hawkins
as Bronson, Walt Witcover as
Crocker, and Paula Blanchard as
Mrs. Kennedy.
Others in the cast include Newt
Arnold, Priscilla Dunn, Don Sobi
eske, and Jane Cannon. Dr. Vardac
is directing the production.
'"Jason" will be given in the Lit
tle Theatre and v/ill run from June
10 to 12, inclusive.
Tickets will go on sale May 31 for
90 cents. Mail orders are being ac
cepted now.
Samuel Raphaelson's mode r n
comedy, "Jason," will be given as a
featured presentation of the com
mencement program, Dr. A. Nicholas
Vardac, associate professor of speech
and drama, announced this week.
Roy Poole will play the title role,
supported by Dick Egan as Mr. Ken
nedy, Frances Waller as Lisa, Jules
Irving as Squibb, Richard Hawkins
as Bronson, Walt Witcover as
Crocker, and Paula Blanchard as
Mrs. Kennedy.
Others in the cast include Newt
Arnold, Priscilla Dunn, Don Sobi
eske, and Jane Cannon. Dr. Vardac
is directing the production.
'"Jason" will be given in the Lit
tle Theatre and v/ill run from June
10 to 12, inclusive.
Tickets will go on sale May 31 for
90 cents. Mail orders are being ac
cepted now.
Samuel Raphaelson's mode r n
comedy, "Jason," will be given as a
featured presentation of the com
mencement program, Dr. A. Nicholas
Vardac, associate professor of speech
and drama, announced this week.
Roy Poole will play the title role,
supported by Dick Egan as Mr. Ken
nedy, Frances Waller as Lisa, Jules
Irving as Squibb, Richard Hawkins
as Bronson, Walt Witcover as
Crocker, and Paula Blanchard as
Mrs. Kennedy.
Others in the cast include Newt
Arnold, Priscilla Dunn, Don Sobi
eske, and Jane Cannon. Dr. Vardac
is directing the production.
'"Jason" will be given in the Lit
tle Theatre and v/ill run from June
10 to 12, inclusive.
Tickets will go on sale May 31 for
90 cents. Mail orders are being ac
cepted now.
Samuel Raphaelson's mode r n
comedy, "Jason," will be given as a
featured presentation of the com
mencement program, Dr. A. Nicholas
Vardac, associate professor of speech
and drama, announced this week.
Roy Poole will play the title role,
supported by Dick Egan as Mr. Ken
nedy, Frances Waller as Lisa, Jules
Irving as Squibb, Richard Hawkins
as Bronson, Walt Witcover as
Crocker, and Paula Blanchard as
Mrs. Kennedy.
Others in the cast include Newt
Arnold, Priscilla Dunn, Don Sobi
eske, and Jane Cannon. Dr. Vardac
is directing the production.
'"Jason" will be given in the Lit
tle Theatre and v/ill run from June
10 to 12, inclusive.
Tickets will go on sale May 31 for
90 cents. Mail orders are being ac
cepted now.
Samuel Raphaelson's mode r n
comedy, "Jason," will be given as a
featured presentation of the com
mencement program, Dr. A. Nicholas
Vardac, associate professor of speech
and drama, announced this week.
Roy Poole will play the title role,
supported by Dick Egan as Mr. Ken
nedy, Frances Waller as Lisa, Jules
Irving as Squibb, Richard Hawkins
as Bronson, Walt Witcover as
Crocker, and Paula Blanchard as
Mrs. Kennedy.
Others in the cast include Newt
Arnold, Priscilla Dunn, Don Sobi
eske, and Jane Cannon. Dr. Vardac
is directing the production.
'"Jason" will be given in the Lit
tle Theatre and v/ill run from June
10 to 12, inclusive.
Tickets will go on sale May 31 for
90 cents. Mail orders are being ac
cepted now.
Samuel Raphaelson's mode r n
comedy, "Jason," will be given as a
featured presentation of the com
mencement program, Dr. A. Nicholas
Vardac, associate professor of speech
and drama, announced this week.
Roy Poole will play the title role,
supported by Dick Egan as Mr. Ken
nedy, Frances Waller as Lisa, Jules
Irving as Squibb, Richard Hawkins
as Bronson, Walt Witcover as
Crocker, and Paula Blanchard as
Mrs. Kennedy.
Others in the cast include Newt
Arnold, Priscilla Dunn, Don Sobi
eske, and Jane Cannon. Dr. Vardac
is directing the production.
'"Jason" will be given in the Lit
tle Theatre and v/ill run from June
10 to 12, inclusive.
Tickets will go on sale May 31 for
90 cents. Mail orders are being ac
cepted now.
Samuel Raphaelson's mode r n
comedy, "Jason," will be given as a
featured presentation of the com
mencement program, Dr. A. Nicholas
Vardac, associate professor of speech
and drama, announced this week.
Roy Poole will play the title role,
supported by Dick Egan as Mr. Ken
nedy, Frances Waller as Lisa, Jules
Irving as Squibb, Richard Hawkins
as Bronson, Walt Witcover as
Crocker, and Paula Blanchard as
Mrs. Kennedy.
Others in the cast include Newt
Arnold, Priscilla Dunn, Don Sobi
eske, and Jane Cannon. Dr. Vardac
is directing the production.
'"Jason" will be given in the Lit
tle Theatre and v/ill run from June
10 to 12, inclusive.
Tickets will go on sale May 31 for
90 cents. Mail orders are being ac
cepted now.
Samuel Raphaelson's mode r n
comedy, "Jason," will be given as a
featured presentation of the com
mencement program, Dr. A. Nicholas
Vardac, associate professor of speech
and drama, announced this week.
Roy Poole will play the title role,
supported by Dick Egan as Mr. Ken
nedy, Frances Waller as Lisa, Jules
Irving as Squibb, Richard Hawkins
as Bronson, Walt Witcover as
Crocker, and Paula Blanchard as
Mrs. Kennedy.
Others in the cast include Newt
Arnold, Priscilla Dunn, Don Sobi
eske, and Jane Cannon. Dr. Vardac
is directing the production.
'"Jason" will be given in the Lit
tle Theatre and v/ill run from June
10 to 12, inclusive.
Tickets will go on sale May 31 for
90 cents. Mail orders are being ac
cepted now.
Samuel Raphaelson's mode r n
comedy, "Jason," will be given as a
featured presentation of the com
mencement program, Dr. A. Nicholas
Vardac, associate professor of speech
and drama, announced this week.
Roy Poole will play the title role,
supported by Dick Egan as Mr. Ken
nedy, Frances Waller as Lisa, Jules
Irving as Squibb, Richard Hawkins
as Bronson, Walt Witcover as
Crocker, and Paula Blanchard as
Mrs. Kennedy.
Others in the cast include Newt
Arnold, Priscilla Dunn, Don Sobi
eske, and Jane Cannon. Dr. Vardac
is directing the production.
'"Jason" will be given in the Lit
tle Theatre and v/ill run from June
10 to 12, inclusive.
Tickets will go on sale May 31 for
90 cents. Mail orders are being ac
cepted now.
Samuel Raphaelson's mode r n
comedy, "Jason," will be given as a
featured presentation of the com
mencement program, Dr. A. Nicholas
Vardac, associate professor of speech
and drama, announced this week.
Roy Poole will play the title role,
supported by Dick Egan as Mr. Ken
nedy, Frances Waller as Lisa, Jules
Irving as Squibb, Richard Hawkins
as Bronson, Walt Witcover as
Crocker, and Paula Blanchard as
Mrs. Kennedy.
Others in the cast include Newt
Arnold, Priscilla Dunn, Don Sobi
eske, and Jane Cannon. Dr. Vardac
is directing the production.
'"Jason" will be given in the Lit
tle Theatre and v/ill run from June
10 to 12, inclusive.
Tickets will go on sale May 31 for
90 cents. Mail orders are being ac
cepted now.
Samuel Raphaelson's mode r n
comedy, "Jason," will be given as a
featured presentation of the com
mencement program, Dr. A. Nicholas
Vardac, associate professor of speech
and drama, announced this week.
Roy Poole will play the title role,
supported by Dick Egan as Mr. Ken
nedy, Frances Waller as Lisa, Jules
Irving as Squibb, Richard Hawkins
as Bronson, Walt Witcover as
Crocker, and Paula Blanchard as
Mrs. Kennedy.
Others in the cast include Newt
Arnold, Priscilla Dunn, Don Sobi
eske, and Jane Cannon. Dr. Vardac
is directing the production.
'"Jason" will be given in the Lit
tle Theatre and v/ill run from June
10 to 12, inclusive.
Tickets will go on sale May 31 for
90 cents. Mail orders are being ac
cepted now.
Samuel Raphaelson's mode r n
comedy, "Jason," will be given as a
featured presentation of the com
mencement program, Dr. A. Nicholas
Vardac, associate professor of speech
and drama, announced this week.
Roy Poole will play the title role,
supported by Dick Egan as Mr. Ken
nedy, Frances Waller as Lisa, Jules
Irving as Squibb, Richard Hawkins
as Bronson, Walt Witcover as
Crocker, and Paula Blanchard as
Mrs. Kennedy.
Others in the cast include Newt
Arnold, Priscilla Dunn, Don Sobi
eske, and Jane Cannon. Dr. Vardac
is directing the production.
'"Jason" will be given in the Lit
tle Theatre and v/ill run from June
10 to 12, inclusive.
Tickets will go on sale May 31 for
90 cents. Mail orders are being ac
cepted now.
