# Daily Stops Publishing For Spring on Friday
## 
### 
Friday will be the last day of
publication for The Daily during
the current quarter. All notices
for that issue must he received in
The Daily office not later thaw
noon Thursday.
Friday will be the last day of
publication for The Daily during
the current quarter. All notices
for that issue must he received in
The Daily office not later thaw
noon Thursday.
Friday will be the last day of
publication for The Daily during
the current quarter. All notices
for that issue must he received in
The Daily office not later thaw
noon Thursday.
Friday will be the last day of
publication for The Daily during
the current quarter. All notices
for that issue must he received in
The Daily office not later thaw
noon Thursday.
Friday will be the last day of
publication for The Daily during
the current quarter. All notices
for that issue must he received in
The Daily office not later thaw
noon Thursday.
Friday will be the last day of
publication for The Daily during
the current quarter. All notices
for that issue must he received in
The Daily office not later thaw
noon Thursday.
Friday will be the last day of
publication for The Daily during
the current quarter. All notices
for that issue must he received in
The Daily office not later thaw
noon Thursday.
Friday will be the last day of
publication for The Daily during
the current quarter. All notices
for that issue must he received in
The Daily office not later thaw
noon Thursday.
Friday will be the last day of
publication for The Daily during
the current quarter. All notices
for that issue must he received in
The Daily office not later thaw
noon Thursday.
Friday will be the last day of
publication for The Daily during
the current quarter. All notices
for that issue must he received in
The Daily office not later thaw
noon Thursday.
Friday will be the last day of
publication for The Daily during
the current quarter. All notices
for that issue must he received in
The Daily office not later thaw
noon Thursday.
Friday will be the last day of
publication for The Daily during
the current quarter. All notices
for that issue must he received in
The Daily office not later thaw
noon Thursday.
Friday will be the last day of
publication for The Daily during
the current quarter. All notices
for that issue must he received in
The Daily office not later thaw
noon Thursday.
Friday will be the last day of
publication for The Daily during
the current quarter. All notices
for that issue must he received in
The Daily office not later thaw
noon Thursday.
Friday will be the last day of
publication for The Daily during
the current quarter. All notices
for that issue must he received in
The Daily office not later thaw
noon Thursday.
