# Fall Pre-Reg Begins Today
## 
### 
Students entering the upper di
vision this fall begin pre-registra
tion today.
Study lists must be obtained from
the student's major department and
signed by his major professor.
Any seat cards needed should be
secured in the lobby of the Admin
istration Building today or tomor
row between 8:30 a.m. and noon or
between 1 and 4:30 p.m. No ap
pointments are needed for the up
per division.
Study lists and seat cards must be
turned in personally to a registra
tion clerk in the Administration
Building lobby before 4:30 p.m. to
morrow.
Lower division students will see
their advisers Thursday and Fri
day and will receive seat cards on
or after the time indicated on the
appointment cards recently maiied
the students.
Time schedules .are available to
all students today.
Students entering the upper di
vision this fall begin pre-registra
tion today.
Study lists must be obtained from
the student's major department and
signed by his major professor.
Any seat cards needed should be
secured in the lobby of the Admin
istration Building today or tomor
row between 8:30 a.m. and noon or
between 1 and 4:30 p.m. No ap
pointments are needed for the up
per division.
Study lists and seat cards must be
turned in personally to a registra
tion clerk in the Administration
Building lobby before 4:30 p.m. to
morrow.
Lower division students will see
their advisers Thursday and Fri
day and will receive seat cards on
or after the time indicated on the
appointment cards recently maiied
the students.
Time schedules .are available to
all students today.
Students entering the upper di
vision this fall begin pre-registra
tion today.
Study lists must be obtained from
the student's major department and
signed by his major professor.
Any seat cards needed should be
secured in the lobby of the Admin
istration Building today or tomor
row between 8:30 a.m. and noon or
between 1 and 4:30 p.m. No ap
pointments are needed for the up
per division.
Study lists and seat cards must be
turned in personally to a registra
tion clerk in the Administration
Building lobby before 4:30 p.m. to
morrow.
Lower division students will see
their advisers Thursday and Fri
day and will receive seat cards on
or after the time indicated on the
appointment cards recently maiied
the students.
Time schedules .are available to
all students today.
Students entering the upper di
vision this fall begin pre-registra
tion today.
Study lists must be obtained from
the student's major department and
signed by his major professor.
Any seat cards needed should be
secured in the lobby of the Admin
istration Building today or tomor
row between 8:30 a.m. and noon or
between 1 and 4:30 p.m. No ap
pointments are needed for the up
per division.
Study lists and seat cards must be
turned in personally to a registra
tion clerk in the Administration
Building lobby before 4:30 p.m. to
morrow.
Lower division students will see
their advisers Thursday and Fri
day and will receive seat cards on
or after the time indicated on the
appointment cards recently maiied
the students.
Time schedules .are available to
all students today.
Students entering the upper di
vision this fall begin pre-registra
tion today.
Study lists must be obtained from
the student's major department and
signed by his major professor.
Any seat cards needed should be
secured in the lobby of the Admin
istration Building today or tomor
row between 8:30 a.m. and noon or
between 1 and 4:30 p.m. No ap
pointments are needed for the up
per division.
Study lists and seat cards must be
turned in personally to a registra
tion clerk in the Administration
Building lobby before 4:30 p.m. to
morrow.
Lower division students will see
their advisers Thursday and Fri
day and will receive seat cards on
or after the time indicated on the
appointment cards recently maiied
the students.
Time schedules .are available to
all students today.
Students entering the upper di
vision this fall begin pre-registra
tion today.
Study lists must be obtained from
the student's major department and
signed by his major professor.
Any seat cards needed should be
secured in the lobby of the Admin
istration Building today or tomor
row between 8:30 a.m. and noon or
between 1 and 4:30 p.m. No ap
pointments are needed for the up
per division.
Study lists and seat cards must be
turned in personally to a registra
tion clerk in the Administration
Building lobby before 4:30 p.m. to
morrow.
Lower division students will see
their advisers Thursday and Fri
day and will receive seat cards on
or after the time indicated on the
appointment cards recently maiied
the students.
Time schedules .are available to
all students today.
Students entering the upper di
vision this fall begin pre-registra
tion today.
Study lists must be obtained from
the student's major department and
signed by his major professor.
Any seat cards needed should be
secured in the lobby of the Admin
istration Building today or tomor
row between 8:30 a.m. and noon or
between 1 and 4:30 p.m. No ap
pointments are needed for the up
per division.
Study lists and seat cards must be
turned in personally to a registra
tion clerk in the Administration
Building lobby before 4:30 p.m. to
morrow.
Lower division students will see
their advisers Thursday and Fri
day and will receive seat cards on
or after the time indicated on the
appointment cards recently maiied
the students.
Time schedules .are available to
all students today.
Students entering the upper di
vision this fall begin pre-registra
tion today.
Study lists must be obtained from
the student's major department and
signed by his major professor.
Any seat cards needed should be
secured in the lobby of the Admin
istration Building today or tomor
row between 8:30 a.m. and noon or
between 1 and 4:30 p.m. No ap
pointments are needed for the up
per division.
Study lists and seat cards must be
turned in personally to a registra
tion clerk in the Administration
Building lobby before 4:30 p.m. to
morrow.
Lower division students will see
their advisers Thursday and Fri
day and will receive seat cards on
or after the time indicated on the
appointment cards recently maiied
the students.
Time schedules .are available to
all students today.
Students entering the upper di
vision this fall begin pre-registra
tion today.
Study lists must be obtained from
the student's major department and
signed by his major professor.
Any seat cards needed should be
secured in the lobby of the Admin
istration Building today or tomor
row between 8:30 a.m. and noon or
between 1 and 4:30 p.m. No ap
pointments are needed for the up
per division.
Study lists and seat cards must be
turned in personally to a registra
tion clerk in the Administration
Building lobby before 4:30 p.m. to
morrow.
Lower division students will see
their advisers Thursday and Fri
day and will receive seat cards on
or after the time indicated on the
appointment cards recently maiied
the students.
Time schedules .are available to
all students today.
Students entering the upper di
vision this fall begin pre-registra
tion today.
Study lists must be obtained from
the student's major department and
signed by his major professor.
Any seat cards needed should be
secured in the lobby of the Admin
istration Building today or tomor
row between 8:30 a.m. and noon or
between 1 and 4:30 p.m. No ap
pointments are needed for the up
per division.
Study lists and seat cards must be
turned in personally to a registra
tion clerk in the Administration
Building lobby before 4:30 p.m. to
morrow.
Lower division students will see
their advisers Thursday and Fri
day and will receive seat cards on
or after the time indicated on the
appointment cards recently maiied
the students.
Time schedules .are available to
all students today.
Students entering the upper di
vision this fall begin pre-registra
tion today.
Study lists must be obtained from
the student's major department and
signed by his major professor.
Any seat cards needed should be
secured in the lobby of the Admin
istration Building today or tomor
row between 8:30 a.m. and noon or
between 1 and 4:30 p.m. No ap
pointments are needed for the up
per division.
Study lists and seat cards must be
turned in personally to a registra
tion clerk in the Administration
Building lobby before 4:30 p.m. to
morrow.
Lower division students will see
their advisers Thursday and Fri
day and will receive seat cards on
or after the time indicated on the
appointment cards recently maiied
the students.
Time schedules .are available to
all students today.
Students entering the upper di
vision this fall begin pre-registra
tion today.
Study lists must be obtained from
the student's major department and
signed by his major professor.
Any seat cards needed should be
secured in the lobby of the Admin
istration Building today or tomor
row between 8:30 a.m. and noon or
between 1 and 4:30 p.m. No ap
pointments are needed for the up
per division.
Study lists and seat cards must be
turned in personally to a registra
tion clerk in the Administration
Building lobby before 4:30 p.m. to
morrow.
Lower division students will see
their advisers Thursday and Fri
day and will receive seat cards on
or after the time indicated on the
appointment cards recently maiied
the students.
Time schedules .are available to
all students today.
Students entering the upper di
vision this fall begin pre-registra
tion today.
Study lists must be obtained from
the student's major department and
signed by his major professor.
Any seat cards needed should be
secured in the lobby of the Admin
istration Building today or tomor
row between 8:30 a.m. and noon or
between 1 and 4:30 p.m. No ap
pointments are needed for the up
per division.
Study lists and seat cards must be
turned in personally to a registra
tion clerk in the Administration
Building lobby before 4:30 p.m. to
morrow.
Lower division students will see
their advisers Thursday and Fri
day and will receive seat cards on
or after the time indicated on the
appointment cards recently maiied
the students.
Time schedules .are available to
all students today.
Students entering the upper di
vision this fall begin pre-registra
tion today.
Study lists must be obtained from
the student's major department and
signed by his major professor.
Any seat cards needed should be
secured in the lobby of the Admin
istration Building today or tomor
row between 8:30 a.m. and noon or
between 1 and 4:30 p.m. No ap
pointments are needed for the up
per division.
Study lists and seat cards must be
turned in personally to a registra
tion clerk in the Administration
Building lobby before 4:30 p.m. to
morrow.
Lower division students will see
their advisers Thursday and Fri
day and will receive seat cards on
or after the time indicated on the
appointment cards recently maiied
the students.
Time schedules .are available to
all students today.
Students entering the upper di
vision this fall begin pre-registra
tion today.
Study lists must be obtained from
the student's major department and
signed by his major professor.
Any seat cards needed should be
secured in the lobby of the Admin
istration Building today or tomor
row between 8:30 a.m. and noon or
between 1 and 4:30 p.m. No ap
pointments are needed for the up
per division.
Study lists and seat cards must be
turned in personally to a registra
tion clerk in the Administration
Building lobby before 4:30 p.m. to
morrow.
Lower division students will see
their advisers Thursday and Fri
day and will receive seat cards on
or after the time indicated on the
appointment cards recently maiied
the students.
Time schedules .are available to
all students today.
