# Tau Beta Pi Plans Dinner
## 
### 
The sixth annual Engineers' Din
ner, sponsored by Tau Beta Pi, na
tional honorary fraternity, will be
held in the Union dining hall to
morrow, Richard D. Lawrence,
president of the organization, an
nounced yesterday.
A highlight of the dinner will be
the presentation of the fraternity's
award for the outstanding freshman
of the year in pre-engineering. Ihe
award will go this year to David R.
Bennion, and will be presented by
Lawrence, who will act as master of
ceremonies for the dinner.
Guest speaker for the evening
will be T. A. Boyd, a senior engi
neer of the General Motors Re
search Laboratory, whose topic will
be "A Glimpse of Engineering in
Industry." Mr. Boyd's talk will be
illustrated. He will be accompanied
by Ralph Richardson, head of the
technical data Department of GM
Laboratories.
The dinner is open to all engi
neering students and faculty, Law
rence said. Tickets are on sale at
the Engineering corner, the electri
cal engineering office, or may be
purchased from Tau Beta Pi mem
bers.
The sixth annual Engineers' Din
ner, sponsored by Tau Beta Pi, na
tional honorary fraternity, will be
held in the Union dining hall to
morrow, Richard D. Lawrence,
president of the organization, an
nounced yesterday.
A highlight of the dinner will be
the presentation of the fraternity's
award for the outstanding freshman
of the year in pre-engineering. Ihe
award will go this year to David R.
Bennion, and will be presented by
Lawrence, who will act as master of
ceremonies for the dinner.
Guest speaker for the evening
will be T. A. Boyd, a senior engi
neer of the General Motors Re
search Laboratory, whose topic will
be "A Glimpse of Engineering in
Industry." Mr. Boyd's talk will be
illustrated. He will be accompanied
by Ralph Richardson, head of the
technical data Department of GM
Laboratories.
The dinner is open to all engi
neering students and faculty, Law
rence said. Tickets are on sale at
the Engineering corner, the electri
cal engineering office, or may be
purchased from Tau Beta Pi mem
bers.
The sixth annual Engineers' Din
ner, sponsored by Tau Beta Pi, na
tional honorary fraternity, will be
held in the Union dining hall to
morrow, Richard D. Lawrence,
president of the organization, an
nounced yesterday.
A highlight of the dinner will be
the presentation of the fraternity's
award for the outstanding freshman
of the year in pre-engineering. Ihe
award will go this year to David R.
Bennion, and will be presented by
Lawrence, who will act as master of
ceremonies for the dinner.
Guest speaker for the evening
will be T. A. Boyd, a senior engi
neer of the General Motors Re
search Laboratory, whose topic will
be "A Glimpse of Engineering in
Industry." Mr. Boyd's talk will be
illustrated. He will be accompanied
by Ralph Richardson, head of the
technical data Department of GM
Laboratories.
The dinner is open to all engi
neering students and faculty, Law
rence said. Tickets are on sale at
the Engineering corner, the electri
cal engineering office, or may be
purchased from Tau Beta Pi mem
bers.
The sixth annual Engineers' Din
ner, sponsored by Tau Beta Pi, na
tional honorary fraternity, will be
held in the Union dining hall to
morrow, Richard D. Lawrence,
president of the organization, an
nounced yesterday.
A highlight of the dinner will be
the presentation of the fraternity's
award for the outstanding freshman
of the year in pre-engineering. Ihe
award will go this year to David R.
Bennion, and will be presented by
Lawrence, who will act as master of
ceremonies for the dinner.
Guest speaker for the evening
will be T. A. Boyd, a senior engi
neer of the General Motors Re
search Laboratory, whose topic will
be "A Glimpse of Engineering in
Industry." Mr. Boyd's talk will be
illustrated. He will be accompanied
by Ralph Richardson, head of the
technical data Department of GM
Laboratories.
The dinner is open to all engi
neering students and faculty, Law
rence said. Tickets are on sale at
the Engineering corner, the electri
cal engineering office, or may be
purchased from Tau Beta Pi mem
bers.
The sixth annual Engineers' Din
ner, sponsored by Tau Beta Pi, na
tional honorary fraternity, will be
held in the Union dining hall to
morrow, Richard D. Lawrence,
president of the organization, an
nounced yesterday.
A highlight of the dinner will be
the presentation of the fraternity's
award for the outstanding freshman
of the year in pre-engineering. Ihe
award will go this year to David R.
Bennion, and will be presented by
Lawrence, who will act as master of
ceremonies for the dinner.
Guest speaker for the evening
will be T. A. Boyd, a senior engi
neer of the General Motors Re
search Laboratory, whose topic will
be "A Glimpse of Engineering in
Industry." Mr. Boyd's talk will be
illustrated. He will be accompanied
by Ralph Richardson, head of the
technical data Department of GM
Laboratories.
The dinner is open to all engi
neering students and faculty, Law
rence said. Tickets are on sale at
the Engineering corner, the electri
cal engineering office, or may be
purchased from Tau Beta Pi mem
bers.
The sixth annual Engineers' Din
ner, sponsored by Tau Beta Pi, na
tional honorary fraternity, will be
held in the Union dining hall to
morrow, Richard D. Lawrence,
president of the organization, an
nounced yesterday.
A highlight of the dinner will be
the presentation of the fraternity's
award for the outstanding freshman
of the year in pre-engineering. Ihe
award will go this year to David R.
Bennion, and will be presented by
Lawrence, who will act as master of
ceremonies for the dinner.
Guest speaker for the evening
will be T. A. Boyd, a senior engi
neer of the General Motors Re
search Laboratory, whose topic will
be "A Glimpse of Engineering in
Industry." Mr. Boyd's talk will be
illustrated. He will be accompanied
by Ralph Richardson, head of the
technical data Department of GM
Laboratories.
The dinner is open to all engi
neering students and faculty, Law
rence said. Tickets are on sale at
the Engineering corner, the electri
cal engineering office, or may be
purchased from Tau Beta Pi mem
bers.
The sixth annual Engineers' Din
ner, sponsored by Tau Beta Pi, na
tional honorary fraternity, will be
held in the Union dining hall to
morrow, Richard D. Lawrence,
president of the organization, an
nounced yesterday.
A highlight of the dinner will be
the presentation of the fraternity's
award for the outstanding freshman
of the year in pre-engineering. Ihe
award will go this year to David R.
Bennion, and will be presented by
Lawrence, who will act as master of
ceremonies for the dinner.
Guest speaker for the evening
will be T. A. Boyd, a senior engi
neer of the General Motors Re
search Laboratory, whose topic will
be "A Glimpse of Engineering in
Industry." Mr. Boyd's talk will be
illustrated. He will be accompanied
by Ralph Richardson, head of the
technical data Department of GM
Laboratories.
The dinner is open to all engi
neering students and faculty, Law
rence said. Tickets are on sale at
the Engineering corner, the electri
cal engineering office, or may be
purchased from Tau Beta Pi mem
bers.
The sixth annual Engineers' Din
ner, sponsored by Tau Beta Pi, na
tional honorary fraternity, will be
held in the Union dining hall to
morrow, Richard D. Lawrence,
president of the organization, an
nounced yesterday.
A highlight of the dinner will be
the presentation of the fraternity's
award for the outstanding freshman
of the year in pre-engineering. Ihe
award will go this year to David R.
Bennion, and will be presented by
Lawrence, who will act as master of
ceremonies for the dinner.
Guest speaker for the evening
will be T. A. Boyd, a senior engi
neer of the General Motors Re
search Laboratory, whose topic will
be "A Glimpse of Engineering in
Industry." Mr. Boyd's talk will be
illustrated. He will be accompanied
by Ralph Richardson, head of the
technical data Department of GM
Laboratories.
The dinner is open to all engi
neering students and faculty, Law
rence said. Tickets are on sale at
the Engineering corner, the electri
cal engineering office, or may be
purchased from Tau Beta Pi mem
bers.
The sixth annual Engineers' Din
ner, sponsored by Tau Beta Pi, na
tional honorary fraternity, will be
held in the Union dining hall to
morrow, Richard D. Lawrence,
president of the organization, an
nounced yesterday.
A highlight of the dinner will be
the presentation of the fraternity's
award for the outstanding freshman
of the year in pre-engineering. Ihe
award will go this year to David R.
Bennion, and will be presented by
Lawrence, who will act as master of
ceremonies for the dinner.
Guest speaker for the evening
will be T. A. Boyd, a senior engi
neer of the General Motors Re
search Laboratory, whose topic will
be "A Glimpse of Engineering in
Industry." Mr. Boyd's talk will be
illustrated. He will be accompanied
by Ralph Richardson, head of the
technical data Department of GM
Laboratories.
The dinner is open to all engi
neering students and faculty, Law
rence said. Tickets are on sale at
the Engineering corner, the electri
cal engineering office, or may be
purchased from Tau Beta Pi mem
bers.
The sixth annual Engineers' Din
ner, sponsored by Tau Beta Pi, na
tional honorary fraternity, will be
held in the Union dining hall to
morrow, Richard D. Lawrence,
president of the organization, an
nounced yesterday.
A highlight of the dinner will be
the presentation of the fraternity's
award for the outstanding freshman
of the year in pre-engineering. Ihe
award will go this year to David R.
Bennion, and will be presented by
Lawrence, who will act as master of
ceremonies for the dinner.
Guest speaker for the evening
will be T. A. Boyd, a senior engi
neer of the General Motors Re
search Laboratory, whose topic will
be "A Glimpse of Engineering in
Industry." Mr. Boyd's talk will be
illustrated. He will be accompanied
by Ralph Richardson, head of the
technical data Department of GM
Laboratories.
The dinner is open to all engi
neering students and faculty, Law
rence said. Tickets are on sale at
the Engineering corner, the electri
cal engineering office, or may be
purchased from Tau Beta Pi mem
bers.
The sixth annual Engineers' Din
ner, sponsored by Tau Beta Pi, na
tional honorary fraternity, will be
held in the Union dining hall to
morrow, Richard D. Lawrence,
president of the organization, an
nounced yesterday.
A highlight of the dinner will be
the presentation of the fraternity's
award for the outstanding freshman
of the year in pre-engineering. Ihe
award will go this year to David R.
Bennion, and will be presented by
Lawrence, who will act as master of
ceremonies for the dinner.
Guest speaker for the evening
will be T. A. Boyd, a senior engi
neer of the General Motors Re
search Laboratory, whose topic will
be "A Glimpse of Engineering in
Industry." Mr. Boyd's talk will be
illustrated. He will be accompanied
by Ralph Richardson, head of the
technical data Department of GM
Laboratories.
The dinner is open to all engi
neering students and faculty, Law
rence said. Tickets are on sale at
the Engineering corner, the electri
cal engineering office, or may be
purchased from Tau Beta Pi mem
bers.
The sixth annual Engineers' Din
ner, sponsored by Tau Beta Pi, na
tional honorary fraternity, will be
held in the Union dining hall to
morrow, Richard D. Lawrence,
president of the organization, an
nounced yesterday.
A highlight of the dinner will be
the presentation of the fraternity's
award for the outstanding freshman
of the year in pre-engineering. Ihe
award will go this year to David R.
Bennion, and will be presented by
Lawrence, who will act as master of
ceremonies for the dinner.
Guest speaker for the evening
will be T. A. Boyd, a senior engi
neer of the General Motors Re
search Laboratory, whose topic will
be "A Glimpse of Engineering in
Industry." Mr. Boyd's talk will be
illustrated. He will be accompanied
by Ralph Richardson, head of the
technical data Department of GM
Laboratories.
The dinner is open to all engi
neering students and faculty, Law
rence said. Tickets are on sale at
the Engineering corner, the electri
cal engineering office, or may be
purchased from Tau Beta Pi mem
bers.
The sixth annual Engineers' Din
ner, sponsored by Tau Beta Pi, na
tional honorary fraternity, will be
held in the Union dining hall to
morrow, Richard D. Lawrence,
president of the organization, an
nounced yesterday.
A highlight of the dinner will be
the presentation of the fraternity's
award for the outstanding freshman
of the year in pre-engineering. Ihe
award will go this year to David R.
Bennion, and will be presented by
Lawrence, who will act as master of
ceremonies for the dinner.
Guest speaker for the evening
will be T. A. Boyd, a senior engi
neer of the General Motors Re
search Laboratory, whose topic will
be "A Glimpse of Engineering in
Industry." Mr. Boyd's talk will be
illustrated. He will be accompanied
by Ralph Richardson, head of the
technical data Department of GM
Laboratories.
The dinner is open to all engi
neering students and faculty, Law
rence said. Tickets are on sale at
the Engineering corner, the electri
cal engineering office, or may be
purchased from Tau Beta Pi mem
bers.
The sixth annual Engineers' Din
ner, sponsored by Tau Beta Pi, na
tional honorary fraternity, will be
held in the Union dining hall to
morrow, Richard D. Lawrence,
president of the organization, an
nounced yesterday.
A highlight of the dinner will be
the presentation of the fraternity's
award for the outstanding freshman
of the year in pre-engineering. Ihe
award will go this year to David R.
Bennion, and will be presented by
Lawrence, who will act as master of
ceremonies for the dinner.
Guest speaker for the evening
will be T. A. Boyd, a senior engi
neer of the General Motors Re
search Laboratory, whose topic will
be "A Glimpse of Engineering in
Industry." Mr. Boyd's talk will be
illustrated. He will be accompanied
by Ralph Richardson, head of the
technical data Department of GM
Laboratories.
The dinner is open to all engi
neering students and faculty, Law
rence said. Tickets are on sale at
the Engineering corner, the electri
cal engineering office, or may be
purchased from Tau Beta Pi mem
bers.
The sixth annual Engineers' Din
ner, sponsored by Tau Beta Pi, na
tional honorary fraternity, will be
held in the Union dining hall to
morrow, Richard D. Lawrence,
president of the organization, an
nounced yesterday.
A highlight of the dinner will be
the presentation of the fraternity's
award for the outstanding freshman
of the year in pre-engineering. Ihe
award will go this year to David R.
Bennion, and will be presented by
Lawrence, who will act as master of
ceremonies for the dinner.
Guest speaker for the evening
will be T. A. Boyd, a senior engi
neer of the General Motors Re
search Laboratory, whose topic will
be "A Glimpse of Engineering in
Industry." Mr. Boyd's talk will be
illustrated. He will be accompanied
by Ralph Richardson, head of the
technical data Department of GM
Laboratories.
The dinner is open to all engi
neering students and faculty, Law
rence said. Tickets are on sale at
the Engineering corner, the electri
cal engineering office, or may be
purchased from Tau Beta Pi mem
bers.
