# Other Sports
## 
### 
Horseshoe throwing competition
enters the final lap today as the
Alpha Kappa Lambdas and Delta
Upsilon men vie in the semi-finals.
The winner of this combination will
meet Village 314 lor championship
honors.
In the handball race, there are
three teams remaining in the run
ning. The Betas, Sigma Nu's, and
Enema ;>E will meet to determine
the top team in this group two
sport.
Three teams are tied in the tennis
race which will also come to an end
this week. The Dekes, Theta Chi 11,
and Village 110 outfits arc the re
maining groups in this sport.
Horseshoe throwing competition
enters the final lap today as the
Alpha Kappa Lambdas and Delta
Upsilon men vie in the semi-finals.
The winner of this combination will
meet Village 314 lor championship
honors.
In the handball race, there are
three teams remaining in the run
ning. The Betas, Sigma Nu's, and
Enema ;>E will meet to determine
the top team in this group two
sport.
Three teams are tied in the tennis
race which will also come to an end
this week. The Dekes, Theta Chi 11,
and Village 110 outfits arc the re
maining groups in this sport.
Horseshoe throwing competition
enters the final lap today as the
Alpha Kappa Lambdas and Delta
Upsilon men vie in the semi-finals.
The winner of this combination will
meet Village 314 lor championship
honors.
In the handball race, there are
three teams remaining in the run
ning. The Betas, Sigma Nu's, and
Enema ;>E will meet to determine
the top team in this group two
sport.
Three teams are tied in the tennis
race which will also come to an end
this week. The Dekes, Theta Chi 11,
and Village 110 outfits arc the re
maining groups in this sport.
Horseshoe throwing competition
enters the final lap today as the
Alpha Kappa Lambdas and Delta
Upsilon men vie in the semi-finals.
The winner of this combination will
meet Village 314 lor championship
honors.
In the handball race, there are
three teams remaining in the run
ning. The Betas, Sigma Nu's, and
Enema ;>E will meet to determine
the top team in this group two
sport.
Three teams are tied in the tennis
race which will also come to an end
this week. The Dekes, Theta Chi 11,
and Village 110 outfits arc the re
maining groups in this sport.
Horseshoe throwing competition
enters the final lap today as the
Alpha Kappa Lambdas and Delta
Upsilon men vie in the semi-finals.
The winner of this combination will
meet Village 314 lor championship
honors.
In the handball race, there are
three teams remaining in the run
ning. The Betas, Sigma Nu's, and
Enema ;>E will meet to determine
the top team in this group two
sport.
Three teams are tied in the tennis
race which will also come to an end
this week. The Dekes, Theta Chi 11,
and Village 110 outfits arc the re
maining groups in this sport.
Horseshoe throwing competition
enters the final lap today as the
Alpha Kappa Lambdas and Delta
Upsilon men vie in the semi-finals.
The winner of this combination will
meet Village 314 lor championship
honors.
In the handball race, there are
three teams remaining in the run
ning. The Betas, Sigma Nu's, and
Enema ;>E will meet to determine
the top team in this group two
sport.
Three teams are tied in the tennis
race which will also come to an end
this week. The Dekes, Theta Chi 11,
and Village 110 outfits arc the re
maining groups in this sport.
Horseshoe throwing competition
enters the final lap today as the
Alpha Kappa Lambdas and Delta
Upsilon men vie in the semi-finals.
The winner of this combination will
meet Village 314 lor championship
honors.
In the handball race, there are
three teams remaining in the run
ning. The Betas, Sigma Nu's, and
Enema ;>E will meet to determine
the top team in this group two
sport.
Three teams are tied in the tennis
race which will also come to an end
this week. The Dekes, Theta Chi 11,
and Village 110 outfits arc the re
maining groups in this sport.
Horseshoe throwing competition
enters the final lap today as the
Alpha Kappa Lambdas and Delta
Upsilon men vie in the semi-finals.
The winner of this combination will
meet Village 314 lor championship
honors.
In the handball race, there are
three teams remaining in the run
ning. The Betas, Sigma Nu's, and
Enema ;>E will meet to determine
the top team in this group two
sport.
Three teams are tied in the tennis
race which will also come to an end
this week. The Dekes, Theta Chi 11,
and Village 110 outfits arc the re
maining groups in this sport.
Horseshoe throwing competition
enters the final lap today as the
Alpha Kappa Lambdas and Delta
Upsilon men vie in the semi-finals.
The winner of this combination will
meet Village 314 lor championship
honors.
In the handball race, there are
three teams remaining in the run
ning. The Betas, Sigma Nu's, and
Enema ;>E will meet to determine
the top team in this group two
sport.
Three teams are tied in the tennis
race which will also come to an end
this week. The Dekes, Theta Chi 11,
and Village 110 outfits arc the re
maining groups in this sport.
Horseshoe throwing competition
enters the final lap today as the
Alpha Kappa Lambdas and Delta
Upsilon men vie in the semi-finals.
The winner of this combination will
meet Village 314 lor championship
honors.
In the handball race, there are
three teams remaining in the run
ning. The Betas, Sigma Nu's, and
Enema ;>E will meet to determine
the top team in this group two
sport.
Three teams are tied in the tennis
race which will also come to an end
this week. The Dekes, Theta Chi 11,
and Village 110 outfits arc the re
maining groups in this sport.
Horseshoe throwing competition
enters the final lap today as the
Alpha Kappa Lambdas and Delta
Upsilon men vie in the semi-finals.
The winner of this combination will
meet Village 314 lor championship
honors.
In the handball race, there are
three teams remaining in the run
ning. The Betas, Sigma Nu's, and
Enema ;>E will meet to determine
the top team in this group two
sport.
Three teams are tied in the tennis
race which will also come to an end
this week. The Dekes, Theta Chi 11,
and Village 110 outfits arc the re
maining groups in this sport.
Horseshoe throwing competition
enters the final lap today as the
Alpha Kappa Lambdas and Delta
Upsilon men vie in the semi-finals.
The winner of this combination will
meet Village 314 lor championship
honors.
In the handball race, there are
three teams remaining in the run
ning. The Betas, Sigma Nu's, and
Enema ;>E will meet to determine
the top team in this group two
sport.
Three teams are tied in the tennis
race which will also come to an end
this week. The Dekes, Theta Chi 11,
and Village 110 outfits arc the re
maining groups in this sport.
Horseshoe throwing competition
enters the final lap today as the
Alpha Kappa Lambdas and Delta
Upsilon men vie in the semi-finals.
The winner of this combination will
meet Village 314 lor championship
honors.
In the handball race, there are
three teams remaining in the run
ning. The Betas, Sigma Nu's, and
Enema ;>E will meet to determine
the top team in this group two
sport.
Three teams are tied in the tennis
race which will also come to an end
this week. The Dekes, Theta Chi 11,
and Village 110 outfits arc the re
maining groups in this sport.
Horseshoe throwing competition
enters the final lap today as the
Alpha Kappa Lambdas and Delta
Upsilon men vie in the semi-finals.
The winner of this combination will
meet Village 314 lor championship
honors.
In the handball race, there are
three teams remaining in the run
ning. The Betas, Sigma Nu's, and
Enema ;>E will meet to determine
the top team in this group two
sport.
Three teams are tied in the tennis
race which will also come to an end
this week. The Dekes, Theta Chi 11,
and Village 110 outfits arc the re
maining groups in this sport.
Horseshoe throwing competition
enters the final lap today as the
Alpha Kappa Lambdas and Delta
Upsilon men vie in the semi-finals.
The winner of this combination will
meet Village 314 lor championship
honors.
In the handball race, there are
three teams remaining in the run
ning. The Betas, Sigma Nu's, and
Enema ;>E will meet to determine
the top team in this group two
sport.
Three teams are tied in the tennis
race which will also come to an end
this week. The Dekes, Theta Chi 11,
and Village 110 outfits arc the re
maining groups in this sport.
