# ROBLE WILL GIVE 7-8 DANCE ON WEDNESDAY
## 
### 
Tentative plans have been made by
Roble Club for a faculty dinner to be
held Sunday at 1 o'clock, July 21.
Slips were passed around the dining
tables at Roble Hall yesterday. Wo
men wishing to invite guests signed
the name of their choice together with
an alternate. All members of the Stan
ford faculty are eligible for these re
quests.
Invitations to the affair will be sent
out next week. As this is the first
faculty dinner given in the summer
quarter, other dinners will depend
upon the success of this function. It
is explained for the benefit of those
who are new t othe campus that the
purpose of a faculty dinner is the
opportunity for students to meet their
professors socially.
This is the first invitational dance
to be given in Roble Hall during this
Summer Quarter. Invitations will be
out shortly.
Tentative plans have been made by
Roble Club for a faculty dinner to be
held Sunday at 1 o'clock, July 21.
Slips were passed around the dining
tables at Roble Hall yesterday. Wo
men wishing to invite guests signed
the name of their choice together with
an alternate. All members of the Stan
ford faculty are eligible for these re
quests.
Invitations to the affair will be sent
out next week. As this is the first
faculty dinner given in the summer
quarter, other dinners will depend
upon the success of this function. It
is explained for the benefit of those
who are new t othe campus that the
purpose of a faculty dinner is the
opportunity for students to meet their
professors socially.
This is the first invitational dance
to be given in Roble Hall during this
Summer Quarter. Invitations will be
out shortly.
Tentative plans have been made by
Roble Club for a faculty dinner to be
held Sunday at 1 o'clock, July 21.
Slips were passed around the dining
tables at Roble Hall yesterday. Wo
men wishing to invite guests signed
the name of their choice together with
an alternate. All members of the Stan
ford faculty are eligible for these re
quests.
Invitations to the affair will be sent
out next week. As this is the first
faculty dinner given in the summer
quarter, other dinners will depend
upon the success of this function. It
is explained for the benefit of those
who are new t othe campus that the
purpose of a faculty dinner is the
opportunity for students to meet their
professors socially.
This is the first invitational dance
to be given in Roble Hall during this
Summer Quarter. Invitations will be
out shortly.
Tentative plans have been made by
Roble Club for a faculty dinner to be
held Sunday at 1 o'clock, July 21.
Slips were passed around the dining
tables at Roble Hall yesterday. Wo
men wishing to invite guests signed
the name of their choice together with
an alternate. All members of the Stan
ford faculty are eligible for these re
quests.
Invitations to the affair will be sent
out next week. As this is the first
faculty dinner given in the summer
quarter, other dinners will depend
upon the success of this function. It
is explained for the benefit of those
who are new t othe campus that the
purpose of a faculty dinner is the
opportunity for students to meet their
professors socially.
This is the first invitational dance
to be given in Roble Hall during this
Summer Quarter. Invitations will be
out shortly.
Tentative plans have been made by
Roble Club for a faculty dinner to be
held Sunday at 1 o'clock, July 21.
Slips were passed around the dining
tables at Roble Hall yesterday. Wo
men wishing to invite guests signed
the name of their choice together with
an alternate. All members of the Stan
ford faculty are eligible for these re
quests.
Invitations to the affair will be sent
out next week. As this is the first
faculty dinner given in the summer
quarter, other dinners will depend
upon the success of this function. It
is explained for the benefit of those
who are new t othe campus that the
purpose of a faculty dinner is the
opportunity for students to meet their
professors socially.
This is the first invitational dance
to be given in Roble Hall during this
Summer Quarter. Invitations will be
out shortly.
Tentative plans have been made by
Roble Club for a faculty dinner to be
held Sunday at 1 o'clock, July 21.
Slips were passed around the dining
tables at Roble Hall yesterday. Wo
men wishing to invite guests signed
the name of their choice together with
an alternate. All members of the Stan
ford faculty are eligible for these re
quests.
Invitations to the affair will be sent
out next week. As this is the first
faculty dinner given in the summer
quarter, other dinners will depend
upon the success of this function. It
is explained for the benefit of those
who are new t othe campus that the
purpose of a faculty dinner is the
opportunity for students to meet their
professors socially.
This is the first invitational dance
to be given in Roble Hall during this
Summer Quarter. Invitations will be
out shortly.
Tentative plans have been made by
Roble Club for a faculty dinner to be
held Sunday at 1 o'clock, July 21.
Slips were passed around the dining
tables at Roble Hall yesterday. Wo
men wishing to invite guests signed
the name of their choice together with
an alternate. All members of the Stan
ford faculty are eligible for these re
quests.
Invitations to the affair will be sent
out next week. As this is the first
faculty dinner given in the summer
quarter, other dinners will depend
upon the success of this function. It
is explained for the benefit of those
who are new t othe campus that the
purpose of a faculty dinner is the
opportunity for students to meet their
professors socially.
This is the first invitational dance
to be given in Roble Hall during this
Summer Quarter. Invitations will be
out shortly.
Tentative plans have been made by
Roble Club for a faculty dinner to be
held Sunday at 1 o'clock, July 21.
Slips were passed around the dining
tables at Roble Hall yesterday. Wo
men wishing to invite guests signed
the name of their choice together with
an alternate. All members of the Stan
ford faculty are eligible for these re
quests.
Invitations to the affair will be sent
out next week. As this is the first
faculty dinner given in the summer
quarter, other dinners will depend
upon the success of this function. It
is explained for the benefit of those
who are new t othe campus that the
purpose of a faculty dinner is the
opportunity for students to meet their
professors socially.
This is the first invitational dance
to be given in Roble Hall during this
Summer Quarter. Invitations will be
out shortly.
Tentative plans have been made by
Roble Club for a faculty dinner to be
held Sunday at 1 o'clock, July 21.
Slips were passed around the dining
tables at Roble Hall yesterday. Wo
men wishing to invite guests signed
the name of their choice together with
an alternate. All members of the Stan
ford faculty are eligible for these re
quests.
Invitations to the affair will be sent
out next week. As this is the first
faculty dinner given in the summer
quarter, other dinners will depend
upon the success of this function. It
is explained for the benefit of those
who are new t othe campus that the
purpose of a faculty dinner is the
opportunity for students to meet their
professors socially.
This is the first invitational dance
to be given in Roble Hall during this
Summer Quarter. Invitations will be
out shortly.
Tentative plans have been made by
Roble Club for a faculty dinner to be
held Sunday at 1 o'clock, July 21.
Slips were passed around the dining
tables at Roble Hall yesterday. Wo
men wishing to invite guests signed
the name of their choice together with
an alternate. All members of the Stan
ford faculty are eligible for these re
quests.
Invitations to the affair will be sent
out next week. As this is the first
faculty dinner given in the summer
quarter, other dinners will depend
upon the success of this function. It
is explained for the benefit of those
who are new t othe campus that the
purpose of a faculty dinner is the
opportunity for students to meet their
professors socially.
This is the first invitational dance
to be given in Roble Hall during this
Summer Quarter. Invitations will be
out shortly.
Tentative plans have been made by
Roble Club for a faculty dinner to be
held Sunday at 1 o'clock, July 21.
Slips were passed around the dining
tables at Roble Hall yesterday. Wo
men wishing to invite guests signed
the name of their choice together with
an alternate. All members of the Stan
ford faculty are eligible for these re
quests.
Invitations to the affair will be sent
out next week. As this is the first
faculty dinner given in the summer
quarter, other dinners will depend
upon the success of this function. It
is explained for the benefit of those
who are new t othe campus that the
purpose of a faculty dinner is the
opportunity for students to meet their
professors socially.
This is the first invitational dance
to be given in Roble Hall during this
Summer Quarter. Invitations will be
out shortly.
Tentative plans have been made by
Roble Club for a faculty dinner to be
held Sunday at 1 o'clock, July 21.
Slips were passed around the dining
tables at Roble Hall yesterday. Wo
men wishing to invite guests signed
the name of their choice together with
an alternate. All members of the Stan
ford faculty are eligible for these re
quests.
Invitations to the affair will be sent
out next week. As this is the first
faculty dinner given in the summer
quarter, other dinners will depend
upon the success of this function. It
is explained for the benefit of those
who are new t othe campus that the
purpose of a faculty dinner is the
opportunity for students to meet their
professors socially.
This is the first invitational dance
to be given in Roble Hall during this
Summer Quarter. Invitations will be
out shortly.
Tentative plans have been made by
Roble Club for a faculty dinner to be
held Sunday at 1 o'clock, July 21.
Slips were passed around the dining
tables at Roble Hall yesterday. Wo
men wishing to invite guests signed
the name of their choice together with
an alternate. All members of the Stan
ford faculty are eligible for these re
quests.
Invitations to the affair will be sent
out next week. As this is the first
faculty dinner given in the summer
quarter, other dinners will depend
upon the success of this function. It
is explained for the benefit of those
who are new t othe campus that the
purpose of a faculty dinner is the
opportunity for students to meet their
professors socially.
This is the first invitational dance
to be given in Roble Hall during this
Summer Quarter. Invitations will be
out shortly.
Tentative plans have been made by
Roble Club for a faculty dinner to be
held Sunday at 1 o'clock, July 21.
Slips were passed around the dining
tables at Roble Hall yesterday. Wo
men wishing to invite guests signed
the name of their choice together with
an alternate. All members of the Stan
ford faculty are eligible for these re
quests.
Invitations to the affair will be sent
out next week. As this is the first
faculty dinner given in the summer
quarter, other dinners will depend
upon the success of this function. It
is explained for the benefit of those
who are new t othe campus that the
purpose of a faculty dinner is the
opportunity for students to meet their
professors socially.
This is the first invitational dance
to be given in Roble Hall during this
Summer Quarter. Invitations will be
out shortly.
Tentative plans have been made by
Roble Club for a faculty dinner to be
held Sunday at 1 o'clock, July 21.
Slips were passed around the dining
tables at Roble Hall yesterday. Wo
men wishing to invite guests signed
the name of their choice together with
an alternate. All members of the Stan
ford faculty are eligible for these re
quests.
Invitations to the affair will be sent
out next week. As this is the first
faculty dinner given in the summer
quarter, other dinners will depend
upon the success of this function. It
is explained for the benefit of those
who are new t othe campus that the
purpose of a faculty dinner is the
opportunity for students to meet their
professors socially.
This is the first invitational dance
to be given in Roble Hall during this
Summer Quarter. Invitations will be
out shortly.
Tentative plans have been made by
Roble Club for a faculty dinner to be
held Sunday at 1 o'clock, July 21.
Slips were passed around the dining
tables at Roble Hall yesterday. Wo
men wishing to invite guests signed
the name of their choice together with
an alternate. All members of the Stan
ford faculty are eligible for these re
quests.
Invitations to the affair will be sent
out next week. As this is the first
faculty dinner given in the summer
quarter, other dinners will depend
upon the success of this function. It
is explained for the benefit of those
who are new t othe campus that the
purpose of a faculty dinner is the
opportunity for students to meet their
professors socially.
This is the first invitational dance
to be given in Roble Hall during this
Summer Quarter. Invitations will be
out shortly.
