# RIFLE TEAM
## 
### 
The Stanford rifle team was vic
torious over the Legion Guards last
weekend when the opposition failed
to show up for the scheduled match.
The Stanford rifle team was vic
torious over the Legion Guards last
weekend when the opposition failed
to show up for the scheduled match.
The Stanford rifle team was vic
torious over the Legion Guards last
weekend when the opposition failed
to show up for the scheduled match.
The Stanford rifle team was vic
torious over the Legion Guards last
weekend when the opposition failed
to show up for the scheduled match.
The Stanford rifle team was vic
torious over the Legion Guards last
weekend when the opposition failed
to show up for the scheduled match.
The Stanford rifle team was vic
torious over the Legion Guards last
weekend when the opposition failed
to show up for the scheduled match.
The Stanford rifle team was vic
torious over the Legion Guards last
weekend when the opposition failed
to show up for the scheduled match.
The Stanford rifle team was vic
torious over the Legion Guards last
weekend when the opposition failed
to show up for the scheduled match.
The Stanford rifle team was vic
torious over the Legion Guards last
weekend when the opposition failed
to show up for the scheduled match.
The Stanford rifle team was vic
torious over the Legion Guards last
weekend when the opposition failed
to show up for the scheduled match.
The Stanford rifle team was vic
torious over the Legion Guards last
weekend when the opposition failed
to show up for the scheduled match.
The Stanford rifle team was vic
torious over the Legion Guards last
weekend when the opposition failed
to show up for the scheduled match.
The Stanford rifle team was vic
torious over the Legion Guards last
weekend when the opposition failed
to show up for the scheduled match.
The Stanford rifle team was vic
torious over the Legion Guards last
weekend when the opposition failed
to show up for the scheduled match.
The Stanford rifle team was vic
torious over the Legion Guards last
weekend when the opposition failed
to show up for the scheduled match.
