# Director to Speak At Theater Matinee
## 
### 
Today's Theater Matinee will fea
ture Professor William Melnitz of
UCLA speaking on '"Meiningen-
Brahm-Reinhardt." The program is
at 4:15 in the Little Theater.
Melnitz is an authority on the
modern German theater, having ta
ken active part in it before coming
to this couzitry. He was for many
seasons associated with Max Rein
hard t.
Today's Theater Matinee will fea
ture Professor William Melnitz of
UCLA speaking on '"Meiningen-
Brahm-Reinhardt." The program is
at 4:15 in the Little Theater.
Melnitz is an authority on the
modern German theater, having ta
ken active part in it before coming
to this couzitry. He was for many
seasons associated with Max Rein
hard t.
Today's Theater Matinee will fea
ture Professor William Melnitz of
UCLA speaking on '"Meiningen-
Brahm-Reinhardt." The program is
at 4:15 in the Little Theater.
Melnitz is an authority on the
modern German theater, having ta
ken active part in it before coming
to this couzitry. He was for many
seasons associated with Max Rein
hard t.
Today's Theater Matinee will fea
ture Professor William Melnitz of
UCLA speaking on '"Meiningen-
Brahm-Reinhardt." The program is
at 4:15 in the Little Theater.
Melnitz is an authority on the
modern German theater, having ta
ken active part in it before coming
to this couzitry. He was for many
seasons associated with Max Rein
hard t.
Today's Theater Matinee will fea
ture Professor William Melnitz of
UCLA speaking on '"Meiningen-
Brahm-Reinhardt." The program is
at 4:15 in the Little Theater.
Melnitz is an authority on the
modern German theater, having ta
ken active part in it before coming
to this couzitry. He was for many
seasons associated with Max Rein
hard t.
Today's Theater Matinee will fea
ture Professor William Melnitz of
UCLA speaking on '"Meiningen-
Brahm-Reinhardt." The program is
at 4:15 in the Little Theater.
Melnitz is an authority on the
modern German theater, having ta
ken active part in it before coming
to this couzitry. He was for many
seasons associated with Max Rein
hard t.
Today's Theater Matinee will fea
ture Professor William Melnitz of
UCLA speaking on '"Meiningen-
Brahm-Reinhardt." The program is
at 4:15 in the Little Theater.
Melnitz is an authority on the
modern German theater, having ta
ken active part in it before coming
to this couzitry. He was for many
seasons associated with Max Rein
hard t.
Today's Theater Matinee will fea
ture Professor William Melnitz of
UCLA speaking on '"Meiningen-
Brahm-Reinhardt." The program is
at 4:15 in the Little Theater.
Melnitz is an authority on the
modern German theater, having ta
ken active part in it before coming
to this couzitry. He was for many
seasons associated with Max Rein
hard t.
Today's Theater Matinee will fea
ture Professor William Melnitz of
UCLA speaking on '"Meiningen-
Brahm-Reinhardt." The program is
at 4:15 in the Little Theater.
Melnitz is an authority on the
modern German theater, having ta
ken active part in it before coming
to this couzitry. He was for many
seasons associated with Max Rein
hard t.
Today's Theater Matinee will fea
ture Professor William Melnitz of
UCLA speaking on '"Meiningen-
Brahm-Reinhardt." The program is
at 4:15 in the Little Theater.
Melnitz is an authority on the
modern German theater, having ta
ken active part in it before coming
to this couzitry. He was for many
seasons associated with Max Rein
hard t.
Today's Theater Matinee will fea
ture Professor William Melnitz of
UCLA speaking on '"Meiningen-
Brahm-Reinhardt." The program is
at 4:15 in the Little Theater.
Melnitz is an authority on the
modern German theater, having ta
ken active part in it before coming
to this couzitry. He was for many
seasons associated with Max Rein
hard t.
Today's Theater Matinee will fea
ture Professor William Melnitz of
UCLA speaking on '"Meiningen-
Brahm-Reinhardt." The program is
at 4:15 in the Little Theater.
Melnitz is an authority on the
modern German theater, having ta
ken active part in it before coming
to this couzitry. He was for many
seasons associated with Max Rein
hard t.
Today's Theater Matinee will fea
ture Professor William Melnitz of
UCLA speaking on '"Meiningen-
Brahm-Reinhardt." The program is
at 4:15 in the Little Theater.
Melnitz is an authority on the
modern German theater, having ta
ken active part in it before coming
to this couzitry. He was for many
seasons associated with Max Rein
hard t.
Today's Theater Matinee will fea
ture Professor William Melnitz of
UCLA speaking on '"Meiningen-
Brahm-Reinhardt." The program is
at 4:15 in the Little Theater.
Melnitz is an authority on the
modern German theater, having ta
ken active part in it before coming
to this couzitry. He was for many
seasons associated with Max Rein
hard t.
Today's Theater Matinee will fea
ture Professor William Melnitz of
UCLA speaking on '"Meiningen-
Brahm-Reinhardt." The program is
at 4:15 in the Little Theater.
Melnitz is an authority on the
modern German theater, having ta
ken active part in it before coming
to this couzitry. He was for many
seasons associated with Max Rein
hard t.
