# HARRIET THOMAS
## Junior Coed Fills AWS Presidency 
### 
Women students elected Harriet
Thomas as their president for the
forthcoming year in the final As
sociated Womens Students election
yesterday.
Harriet Thomas, a junior student
from Salt Lake City. Utah, defeated
Sally Thompson in the race for presi
dency. Her plan, as stated during
her campaign is to keep AWS a
business organization and to create
bettor communication between AWS
cabinet and the rest of the Women
students.
When notified that she had won,
Mi?s Thomas stated, "Sally Thomp
son was a real challenge, with her
extensive campaign and I have en
joyed running against her. During
the campaign I have received many
worthwhile suggestions and I hope
I will be able to put them into ef
fect during the next year. I thank
you for the confidence you have
shown in me by your vote for me
yesterday."
Ellie Kronfeld defeated Sally
Hanson for AWS vice presidency. In
a very close race freshman Myrna
Kellcy took the AWS secretarial
post over Kay Debs.
One thousand one hundred and
thirteen students voted in the elec
tion yesterday.
The new AWS officers Will be hon
ored along with all the new living
group presidents and outgoing pres
idents at a tea in Bowman Alumni
House on Wednesday, February 23.
The new AWS officers will be in
stalled at that time.
A leadership conference is planned
for the morning of February 29th.
Outgoing AWS officers are Amber
Spinning, Hennenger, President,
Marilyn Miler, vice president, Mary
Post, secretary and Phylis Stewart,
Social Co-ordinator.
