# Adv. 24 Page 5
## 
### 
T>ATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flect-lcase
Palo Alto Oatsun
2617 El Camino Palp Alto
497-5100
T>ATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flect-lcase
Palo Alto Oatsun
2617 El Camino Palp Alto
497-5100
T>ATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flect-lcase
Palo Alto Oatsun
2617 El Camino Palp Alto
497-5100
T>ATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flect-lcase
Palo Alto Oatsun
2617 El Camino Palp Alto
497-5100
T>ATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flect-lcase
Palo Alto Oatsun
2617 El Camino Palp Alto
497-5100
T>ATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flect-lcase
Palo Alto Oatsun
2617 El Camino Palp Alto
497-5100
T>ATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flect-lcase
Palo Alto Oatsun
2617 El Camino Palp Alto
497-5100
T>ATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flect-lcase
Palo Alto Oatsun
2617 El Camino Palp Alto
497-5100
T>ATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flect-lcase
Palo Alto Oatsun
2617 El Camino Palp Alto
497-5100
T>ATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flect-lcase
Palo Alto Oatsun
2617 El Camino Palp Alto
497-5100
T>ATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flect-lcase
Palo Alto Oatsun
2617 El Camino Palp Alto
497-5100
T>ATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flect-lcase
Palo Alto Oatsun
2617 El Camino Palp Alto
497-5100
T>ATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flect-lcase
Palo Alto Oatsun
2617 El Camino Palp Alto
497-5100
T>ATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flect-lcase
Palo Alto Oatsun
2617 El Camino Palp Alto
497-5100
