# Miss Wilbur Will Address Y.W.C.A.
## 
### 
Miss Thresa Wilbur, '02, one of the
most prominent women that has ever
been graduated and who is well known
among the older college students, will
speak to the Young Women's Chris
tian Association in the Chapel, Tues
day, November 16, at 4:30. Miss Wil
bur is a member of the National Board
of the Y. W. C. A. at New York City.
It is urged that there will be a large
attendance at the meeting to-morrow.
Miss Thresa Wilbur, '02, one of the
most prominent women that has ever
been graduated and who is well known
among the older college students, will
speak to the Young Women's Chris
tian Association in the Chapel, Tues
day, November 16, at 4:30. Miss Wil
bur is a member of the National Board
of the Y. W. C. A. at New York City.
It is urged that there will be a large
attendance at the meeting to-morrow.
Miss Thresa Wilbur, '02, one of the
most prominent women that has ever
been graduated and who is well known
among the older college students, will
speak to the Young Women's Chris
tian Association in the Chapel, Tues
day, November 16, at 4:30. Miss Wil
bur is a member of the National Board
of the Y. W. C. A. at New York City.
It is urged that there will be a large
attendance at the meeting to-morrow.
Miss Thresa Wilbur, '02, one of the
most prominent women that has ever
been graduated and who is well known
among the older college students, will
speak to the Young Women's Chris
tian Association in the Chapel, Tues
day, November 16, at 4:30. Miss Wil
bur is a member of the National Board
of the Y. W. C. A. at New York City.
It is urged that there will be a large
attendance at the meeting to-morrow.
Miss Thresa Wilbur, '02, one of the
most prominent women that has ever
been graduated and who is well known
among the older college students, will
speak to the Young Women's Chris
tian Association in the Chapel, Tues
day, November 16, at 4:30. Miss Wil
bur is a member of the National Board
of the Y. W. C. A. at New York City.
It is urged that there will be a large
attendance at the meeting to-morrow.
Miss Thresa Wilbur, '02, one of the
most prominent women that has ever
been graduated and who is well known
among the older college students, will
speak to the Young Women's Chris
tian Association in the Chapel, Tues
day, November 16, at 4:30. Miss Wil
bur is a member of the National Board
of the Y. W. C. A. at New York City.
It is urged that there will be a large
attendance at the meeting to-morrow.
Miss Thresa Wilbur, '02, one of the
most prominent women that has ever
been graduated and who is well known
among the older college students, will
speak to the Young Women's Chris
tian Association in the Chapel, Tues
day, November 16, at 4:30. Miss Wil
bur is a member of the National Board
of the Y. W. C. A. at New York City.
It is urged that there will be a large
attendance at the meeting to-morrow.
Miss Thresa Wilbur, '02, one of the
most prominent women that has ever
been graduated and who is well known
among the older college students, will
speak to the Young Women's Chris
tian Association in the Chapel, Tues
day, November 16, at 4:30. Miss Wil
bur is a member of the National Board
of the Y. W. C. A. at New York City.
It is urged that there will be a large
attendance at the meeting to-morrow.
Miss Thresa Wilbur, '02, one of the
most prominent women that has ever
been graduated and who is well known
among the older college students, will
speak to the Young Women's Chris
tian Association in the Chapel, Tues
day, November 16, at 4:30. Miss Wil
bur is a member of the National Board
of the Y. W. C. A. at New York City.
It is urged that there will be a large
attendance at the meeting to-morrow.
Miss Thresa Wilbur, '02, one of the
most prominent women that has ever
been graduated and who is well known
among the older college students, will
speak to the Young Women's Chris
tian Association in the Chapel, Tues
day, November 16, at 4:30. Miss Wil
bur is a member of the National Board
of the Y. W. C. A. at New York City.
It is urged that there will be a large
attendance at the meeting to-morrow.
Miss Thresa Wilbur, '02, one of the
most prominent women that has ever
been graduated and who is well known
among the older college students, will
speak to the Young Women's Chris
tian Association in the Chapel, Tues
day, November 16, at 4:30. Miss Wil
bur is a member of the National Board
of the Y. W. C. A. at New York City.
It is urged that there will be a large
attendance at the meeting to-morrow.
