# Y.M.C.A. to Observe Week of Prayer.
## 
### 
The Y. M. C. A. will observe this
week as a week of prayer. Daily
meetings will be held until next Sun
day in room 264, adjoining the Men's
Room, from 1:10 until 1:25 each af
ternoon. A special leader will con
duct each meeting. All members are
urged to attend.
The week will be ended by the reg
ular monthly meeting in the Chapel
next Sunday evening at 7:30, H. A.
Wilbur has been secured as the
speaker.
The Y. M. C. A. will observe this
week as a week of prayer. Daily
meetings will be held until next Sun
day in room 264, adjoining the Men's
Room, from 1:10 until 1:25 each af
ternoon. A special leader will con
duct each meeting. All members are
urged to attend.
The week will be ended by the reg
ular monthly meeting in the Chapel
next Sunday evening at 7:30, H. A.
Wilbur has been secured as the
speaker.
The Y. M. C. A. will observe this
week as a week of prayer. Daily
meetings will be held until next Sun
day in room 264, adjoining the Men's
Room, from 1:10 until 1:25 each af
ternoon. A special leader will con
duct each meeting. All members are
urged to attend.
The week will be ended by the reg
ular monthly meeting in the Chapel
next Sunday evening at 7:30, H. A.
Wilbur has been secured as the
speaker.
The Y. M. C. A. will observe this
week as a week of prayer. Daily
meetings will be held until next Sun
day in room 264, adjoining the Men's
Room, from 1:10 until 1:25 each af
ternoon. A special leader will con
duct each meeting. All members are
urged to attend.
The week will be ended by the reg
ular monthly meeting in the Chapel
next Sunday evening at 7:30, H. A.
Wilbur has been secured as the
speaker.
The Y. M. C. A. will observe this
week as a week of prayer. Daily
meetings will be held until next Sun
day in room 264, adjoining the Men's
Room, from 1:10 until 1:25 each af
ternoon. A special leader will con
duct each meeting. All members are
urged to attend.
The week will be ended by the reg
ular monthly meeting in the Chapel
next Sunday evening at 7:30, H. A.
Wilbur has been secured as the
speaker.
The Y. M. C. A. will observe this
week as a week of prayer. Daily
meetings will be held until next Sun
day in room 264, adjoining the Men's
Room, from 1:10 until 1:25 each af
ternoon. A special leader will con
duct each meeting. All members are
urged to attend.
The week will be ended by the reg
ular monthly meeting in the Chapel
next Sunday evening at 7:30, H. A.
Wilbur has been secured as the
speaker.
The Y. M. C. A. will observe this
week as a week of prayer. Daily
meetings will be held until next Sun
day in room 264, adjoining the Men's
Room, from 1:10 until 1:25 each af
ternoon. A special leader will con
duct each meeting. All members are
urged to attend.
The week will be ended by the reg
ular monthly meeting in the Chapel
next Sunday evening at 7:30, H. A.
Wilbur has been secured as the
speaker.
The Y. M. C. A. will observe this
week as a week of prayer. Daily
meetings will be held until next Sun
day in room 264, adjoining the Men's
Room, from 1:10 until 1:25 each af
ternoon. A special leader will con
duct each meeting. All members are
urged to attend.
The week will be ended by the reg
ular monthly meeting in the Chapel
next Sunday evening at 7:30, H. A.
Wilbur has been secured as the
speaker.
The Y. M. C. A. will observe this
week as a week of prayer. Daily
meetings will be held until next Sun
day in room 264, adjoining the Men's
Room, from 1:10 until 1:25 each af
ternoon. A special leader will con
duct each meeting. All members are
urged to attend.
The week will be ended by the reg
ular monthly meeting in the Chapel
next Sunday evening at 7:30, H. A.
Wilbur has been secured as the
speaker.
The Y. M. C. A. will observe this
week as a week of prayer. Daily
meetings will be held until next Sun
day in room 264, adjoining the Men's
Room, from 1:10 until 1:25 each af
ternoon. A special leader will con
duct each meeting. All members are
urged to attend.
The week will be ended by the reg
ular monthly meeting in the Chapel
next Sunday evening at 7:30, H. A.
Wilbur has been secured as the
speaker.
The Y. M. C. A. will observe this
week as a week of prayer. Daily
meetings will be held until next Sun
day in room 264, adjoining the Men's
Room, from 1:10 until 1:25 each af
ternoon. A special leader will con
duct each meeting. All members are
urged to attend.
The week will be ended by the reg
ular monthly meeting in the Chapel
next Sunday evening at 7:30, H. A.
Wilbur has been secured as the
speaker.
