# EMERSON ON PANAMA CANAL.
## Talks to English Club on President's Trip to Isthmus. 
### 
Colonel Edward Emerson, the well
known correspondent, addressed the
English Club last night 011 President
Roosevelt's trip to Panama. An in
timate knowledge of past and present
conditions surrounding the Panama
Canal zone, obtained both as a news
paper correspondent, soldier of fort
une and government agent, gave Ed
ward Emerson's speech peculiar inter
est.
Colonel Emerson gave it as his per
sonal opinion that there was no under
taking that the President would he
more pleased to assume 011 his retire
ment from office than the superintend
ing of this gigantic task, which the
the commissioners consider will be
completed at its earliest date within
ten or twelve years.
Colonel Edward Emerson, the well
known correspondent, addressed the
English Club last night 011 President
Roosevelt's trip to Panama. An in
timate knowledge of past and present
conditions surrounding the Panama
Canal zone, obtained both as a news
paper correspondent, soldier of fort
une and government agent, gave Ed
ward Emerson's speech peculiar inter
est.
Colonel Emerson gave it as his per
sonal opinion that there was no under
taking that the President would he
more pleased to assume 011 his retire
ment from office than the superintend
ing of this gigantic task, which the
the commissioners consider will be
completed at its earliest date within
ten or twelve years.
Colonel Edward Emerson, the well
known correspondent, addressed the
English Club last night 011 President
Roosevelt's trip to Panama. An in
timate knowledge of past and present
conditions surrounding the Panama
Canal zone, obtained both as a news
paper correspondent, soldier of fort
une and government agent, gave Ed
ward Emerson's speech peculiar inter
est.
Colonel Emerson gave it as his per
sonal opinion that there was no under
taking that the President would he
more pleased to assume 011 his retire
ment from office than the superintend
ing of this gigantic task, which the
the commissioners consider will be
completed at its earliest date within
ten or twelve years.
Colonel Edward Emerson, the well
known correspondent, addressed the
English Club last night 011 President
Roosevelt's trip to Panama. An in
timate knowledge of past and present
conditions surrounding the Panama
Canal zone, obtained both as a news
paper correspondent, soldier of fort
une and government agent, gave Ed
ward Emerson's speech peculiar inter
est.
Colonel Emerson gave it as his per
sonal opinion that there was no under
taking that the President would he
more pleased to assume 011 his retire
ment from office than the superintend
ing of this gigantic task, which the
the commissioners consider will be
completed at its earliest date within
ten or twelve years.
Colonel Edward Emerson, the well
known correspondent, addressed the
English Club last night 011 President
Roosevelt's trip to Panama. An in
timate knowledge of past and present
conditions surrounding the Panama
Canal zone, obtained both as a news
paper correspondent, soldier of fort
une and government agent, gave Ed
ward Emerson's speech peculiar inter
est.
Colonel Emerson gave it as his per
sonal opinion that there was no under
taking that the President would he
more pleased to assume 011 his retire
ment from office than the superintend
ing of this gigantic task, which the
the commissioners consider will be
completed at its earliest date within
ten or twelve years.
Colonel Edward Emerson, the well
known correspondent, addressed the
English Club last night 011 President
Roosevelt's trip to Panama. An in
timate knowledge of past and present
conditions surrounding the Panama
Canal zone, obtained both as a news
paper correspondent, soldier of fort
une and government agent, gave Ed
ward Emerson's speech peculiar inter
est.
Colonel Emerson gave it as his per
sonal opinion that there was no under
taking that the President would he
more pleased to assume 011 his retire
ment from office than the superintend
ing of this gigantic task, which the
the commissioners consider will be
completed at its earliest date within
ten or twelve years.
Colonel Edward Emerson, the well
known correspondent, addressed the
English Club last night 011 President
Roosevelt's trip to Panama. An in
timate knowledge of past and present
conditions surrounding the Panama
Canal zone, obtained both as a news
paper correspondent, soldier of fort
une and government agent, gave Ed
ward Emerson's speech peculiar inter
est.
Colonel Emerson gave it as his per
sonal opinion that there was no under
taking that the President would he
more pleased to assume 011 his retire
ment from office than the superintend
ing of this gigantic task, which the
the commissioners consider will be
completed at its earliest date within
ten or twelve years.
Colonel Edward Emerson, the well
known correspondent, addressed the
English Club last night 011 President
Roosevelt's trip to Panama. An in
timate knowledge of past and present
conditions surrounding the Panama
Canal zone, obtained both as a news
paper correspondent, soldier of fort
une and government agent, gave Ed
ward Emerson's speech peculiar inter
est.
Colonel Emerson gave it as his per
sonal opinion that there was no under
taking that the President would he
more pleased to assume 011 his retire
ment from office than the superintend
ing of this gigantic task, which the
the commissioners consider will be
completed at its earliest date within
ten or twelve years.
Colonel Edward Emerson, the well
known correspondent, addressed the
English Club last night 011 President
Roosevelt's trip to Panama. An in
timate knowledge of past and present
conditions surrounding the Panama
Canal zone, obtained both as a news
paper correspondent, soldier of fort
une and government agent, gave Ed
ward Emerson's speech peculiar inter
est.
Colonel Emerson gave it as his per
sonal opinion that there was no under
taking that the President would he
more pleased to assume 011 his retire
ment from office than the superintend
ing of this gigantic task, which the
the commissioners consider will be
completed at its earliest date within
ten or twelve years.
