# Fagan To Talk On Federal Funds
## Economics Professor Will Speak Over KGO 
### 
"A Persistent Fiscal Fallacy" is the
topic chosen by Dr. Elmer D. Fagan,
professor of economics at Stanford, for
his radio talk Monday evening at 7:15
o'clock over station KGO. His speech
will include discussions of the prob
lems of government's spending and
borrowing.
In Dr. Fagan's opinion, the present
financing of federal expenditures by
borrowing rather than by taxation will
not place a heavy economic burden on
future generations, as is the popular
charge of today. This idea has no eco
nomic validity, according to his state
ments.
After receiving his Ph.D. degree at
Harvard, Dr. Fagan taught at the Uni
versity of Southern California and at
the University of Virginia. He has
been professor of economics at Stan
ford since 1928.
