# Stanford Club Will Hold Rifle Matches This Week
## 
### 
The Stanford Rifle Club will begin
a series of Intercollegiate Rifle
Matches, scheduled for this quarter,
when it meets the University of
Pennsylvania and Caltech in dual
matches this week. Practice will be
held each, afternoon this week on the
indoor range in preparation for these
contests which must be fired before
Saturday noon.
A meeting of the club, which all
members are required to attend, will
be held at 7:15 o'clock in Room 231
tonight to discuss plans for these and
other matches which have been ar
ranged.
The Stanford Rifle Club will begin
a series of Intercollegiate Rifle
Matches, scheduled for this quarter,
when it meets the University of
Pennsylvania and Caltech in dual
matches this week. Practice will be
held each, afternoon this week on the
indoor range in preparation for these
contests which must be fired before
Saturday noon.
A meeting of the club, which all
members are required to attend, will
be held at 7:15 o'clock in Room 231
tonight to discuss plans for these and
other matches which have been ar
ranged.
The Stanford Rifle Club will begin
a series of Intercollegiate Rifle
Matches, scheduled for this quarter,
when it meets the University of
Pennsylvania and Caltech in dual
matches this week. Practice will be
held each, afternoon this week on the
indoor range in preparation for these
contests which must be fired before
Saturday noon.
A meeting of the club, which all
members are required to attend, will
be held at 7:15 o'clock in Room 231
tonight to discuss plans for these and
other matches which have been ar
ranged.
The Stanford Rifle Club will begin
a series of Intercollegiate Rifle
Matches, scheduled for this quarter,
when it meets the University of
Pennsylvania and Caltech in dual
matches this week. Practice will be
held each, afternoon this week on the
indoor range in preparation for these
contests which must be fired before
Saturday noon.
A meeting of the club, which all
members are required to attend, will
be held at 7:15 o'clock in Room 231
tonight to discuss plans for these and
other matches which have been ar
ranged.
The Stanford Rifle Club will begin
a series of Intercollegiate Rifle
Matches, scheduled for this quarter,
when it meets the University of
Pennsylvania and Caltech in dual
matches this week. Practice will be
held each, afternoon this week on the
indoor range in preparation for these
contests which must be fired before
Saturday noon.
A meeting of the club, which all
members are required to attend, will
be held at 7:15 o'clock in Room 231
tonight to discuss plans for these and
other matches which have been ar
ranged.
The Stanford Rifle Club will begin
a series of Intercollegiate Rifle
Matches, scheduled for this quarter,
when it meets the University of
Pennsylvania and Caltech in dual
matches this week. Practice will be
held each, afternoon this week on the
indoor range in preparation for these
contests which must be fired before
Saturday noon.
A meeting of the club, which all
members are required to attend, will
be held at 7:15 o'clock in Room 231
tonight to discuss plans for these and
other matches which have been ar
ranged.
The Stanford Rifle Club will begin
a series of Intercollegiate Rifle
Matches, scheduled for this quarter,
when it meets the University of
Pennsylvania and Caltech in dual
matches this week. Practice will be
held each, afternoon this week on the
indoor range in preparation for these
contests which must be fired before
Saturday noon.
A meeting of the club, which all
members are required to attend, will
be held at 7:15 o'clock in Room 231
tonight to discuss plans for these and
other matches which have been ar
ranged.
The Stanford Rifle Club will begin
a series of Intercollegiate Rifle
Matches, scheduled for this quarter,
when it meets the University of
Pennsylvania and Caltech in dual
matches this week. Practice will be
held each, afternoon this week on the
indoor range in preparation for these
contests which must be fired before
Saturday noon.
A meeting of the club, which all
members are required to attend, will
be held at 7:15 o'clock in Room 231
tonight to discuss plans for these and
other matches which have been ar
ranged.
The Stanford Rifle Club will begin
a series of Intercollegiate Rifle
Matches, scheduled for this quarter,
when it meets the University of
Pennsylvania and Caltech in dual
matches this week. Practice will be
held each, afternoon this week on the
indoor range in preparation for these
contests which must be fired before
Saturday noon.
A meeting of the club, which all
members are required to attend, will
be held at 7:15 o'clock in Room 231
tonight to discuss plans for these and
other matches which have been ar
ranged.
The Stanford Rifle Club will begin
a series of Intercollegiate Rifle
Matches, scheduled for this quarter,
when it meets the University of
Pennsylvania and Caltech in dual
matches this week. Practice will be
held each, afternoon this week on the
indoor range in preparation for these
contests which must be fired before
Saturday noon.
A meeting of the club, which all
members are required to attend, will
be held at 7:15 o'clock in Room 231
tonight to discuss plans for these and
other matches which have been ar
ranged.
The Stanford Rifle Club will begin
a series of Intercollegiate Rifle
Matches, scheduled for this quarter,
when it meets the University of
Pennsylvania and Caltech in dual
matches this week. Practice will be
held each, afternoon this week on the
indoor range in preparation for these
contests which must be fired before
Saturday noon.
A meeting of the club, which all
members are required to attend, will
be held at 7:15 o'clock in Room 231
tonight to discuss plans for these and
other matches which have been ar
ranged.
The Stanford Rifle Club will begin
a series of Intercollegiate Rifle
Matches, scheduled for this quarter,
when it meets the University of
Pennsylvania and Caltech in dual
matches this week. Practice will be
held each, afternoon this week on the
indoor range in preparation for these
contests which must be fired before
Saturday noon.
A meeting of the club, which all
members are required to attend, will
be held at 7:15 o'clock in Room 231
tonight to discuss plans for these and
other matches which have been ar
ranged.
The Stanford Rifle Club will begin
a series of Intercollegiate Rifle
Matches, scheduled for this quarter,
when it meets the University of
Pennsylvania and Caltech in dual
matches this week. Practice will be
held each, afternoon this week on the
indoor range in preparation for these
contests which must be fired before
Saturday noon.
A meeting of the club, which all
members are required to attend, will
be held at 7:15 o'clock in Room 231
tonight to discuss plans for these and
other matches which have been ar
ranged.
The Stanford Rifle Club will begin
a series of Intercollegiate Rifle
Matches, scheduled for this quarter,
when it meets the University of
Pennsylvania and Caltech in dual
matches this week. Practice will be
held each, afternoon this week on the
indoor range in preparation for these
contests which must be fired before
Saturday noon.
A meeting of the club, which all
members are required to attend, will
be held at 7:15 o'clock in Room 231
tonight to discuss plans for these and
other matches which have been ar
ranged.
The Stanford Rifle Club will begin
a series of Intercollegiate Rifle
Matches, scheduled for this quarter,
when it meets the University of
Pennsylvania and Caltech in dual
matches this week. Practice will be
held each, afternoon this week on the
indoor range in preparation for these
contests which must be fired before
Saturday noon.
A meeting of the club, which all
members are required to attend, will
be held at 7:15 o'clock in Room 231
tonight to discuss plans for these and
other matches which have been ar
ranged.
The Stanford Rifle Club will begin
a series of Intercollegiate Rifle
Matches, scheduled for this quarter,
when it meets the University of
Pennsylvania and Caltech in dual
matches this week. Practice will be
held each, afternoon this week on the
indoor range in preparation for these
contests which must be fired before
Saturday noon.
A meeting of the club, which all
members are required to attend, will
be held at 7:15 o'clock in Room 231
tonight to discuss plans for these and
other matches which have been ar
ranged.
The Stanford Rifle Club will begin
a series of Intercollegiate Rifle
Matches, scheduled for this quarter,
when it meets the University of
Pennsylvania and Caltech in dual
matches this week. Practice will be
held each, afternoon this week on the
indoor range in preparation for these
contests which must be fired before
Saturday noon.
A meeting of the club, which all
members are required to attend, will
be held at 7:15 o'clock in Room 231
tonight to discuss plans for these and
other matches which have been ar
ranged.
