# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
Magazine Sales
Will End Today
Today will be the last day
that Sequoias and Vagabonds
will be on sale at Engineer
ing Corner and the Cellar.
Thereafter they will be avail
able at the Bookstore and Un
ion Store.
Magazine Sales
Will End Today
Today will be the last day
that Sequoias and Vagabonds
will be on sale at Engineer
ing Corner and the Cellar.
Thereafter they will be avail
able at the Bookstore and Un
ion Store.
Magazine Sales
Will End Today
Today will be the last day
that Sequoias and Vagabonds
will be on sale at Engineer
ing Corner and the Cellar.
Thereafter they will be avail
able at the Bookstore and Un
ion Store.
Magazine Sales
Will End Today
Today will be the last day
that Sequoias and Vagabonds
will be on sale at Engineer
ing Corner and the Cellar.
Thereafter they will be avail
able at the Bookstore and Un
ion Store.
Magazine Sales
Will End Today
Today will be the last day
that Sequoias and Vagabonds
will be on sale at Engineer
ing Corner and the Cellar.
Thereafter they will be avail
able at the Bookstore and Un
ion Store.
Magazine Sales
Will End Today
Today will be the last day
that Sequoias and Vagabonds
will be on sale at Engineer
ing Corner and the Cellar.
Thereafter they will be avail
able at the Bookstore and Un
ion Store.
Magazine Sales
Will End Today
Today will be the last day
that Sequoias and Vagabonds
will be on sale at Engineer
ing Corner and the Cellar.
Thereafter they will be avail
able at the Bookstore and Un
ion Store.
Magazine Sales
Will End Today
Today will be the last day
that Sequoias and Vagabonds
will be on sale at Engineer
ing Corner and the Cellar.
Thereafter they will be avail
able at the Bookstore and Un
ion Store.
Magazine Sales
Will End Today
Today will be the last day
that Sequoias and Vagabonds
will be on sale at Engineer
ing Corner and the Cellar.
Thereafter they will be avail
able at the Bookstore and Un
ion Store.
Magazine Sales
Will End Today
Today will be the last day
that Sequoias and Vagabonds
will be on sale at Engineer
ing Corner and the Cellar.
Thereafter they will be avail
able at the Bookstore and Un
ion Store.
Magazine Sales
Will End Today
Today will be the last day
that Sequoias and Vagabonds
will be on sale at Engineer
ing Corner and the Cellar.
Thereafter they will be avail
able at the Bookstore and Un
ion Store.
Magazine Sales
Will End Today
Today will be the last day
that Sequoias and Vagabonds
will be on sale at Engineer
ing Corner and the Cellar.
Thereafter they will be avail
able at the Bookstore and Un
ion Store.
Magazine Sales
Will End Today
Today will be the last day
that Sequoias and Vagabonds
will be on sale at Engineer
ing Corner and the Cellar.
Thereafter they will be avail
able at the Bookstore and Un
ion Store.
Magazine Sales
Will End Today
Today will be the last day
that Sequoias and Vagabonds
will be on sale at Engineer
ing Corner and the Cellar.
Thereafter they will be avail
able at the Bookstore and Un
ion Store.
Magazine Sales
Will End Today
Today will be the last day
that Sequoias and Vagabonds
will be on sale at Engineer
ing Corner and the Cellar.
Thereafter they will be avail
able at the Bookstore and Un
ion Store.
Magazine Sales
Will End Today
Today will be the last day
that Sequoias and Vagabonds
will be on sale at Engineer
ing Corner and the Cellar.
Thereafter they will be avail
able at the Bookstore and Un
ion Store.
Magazine Sales
Will End Today
Today will be the last day
that Sequoias and Vagabonds
will be on sale at Engineer
ing Corner and the Cellar.
Thereafter they will be avail
able at the Bookstore and Un
ion Store.
