# Adv. 5 Page 1
## 
### 
INDIANS^
One day (on the Paris
-11
«
■
I
■
i
m
■
i
l
■
■
i
*
f
China border) the
Laughing Man was
talking to his eagle
who, perched on
Laughing Man’s
shoulder and digging
his talons into him,
was beginning to
worry over L.M.'s
health. L.M. sug
gested that Black
Wing might do well
to wear shoes. B.W.
heeding the sugges
tion flew to R/A for
Loafers. From 16.95.
roos/atkins
INDIANS^
One day (on the Paris
-11
«
■
I
■
i
m
■
i
l
■
■
i
*
f
China border) the
Laughing Man was
talking to his eagle
who, perched on
Laughing Man’s
shoulder and digging
his talons into him,
was beginning to
worry over L.M.'s
health. L.M. sug
gested that Black
Wing might do well
to wear shoes. B.W.
heeding the sugges
tion flew to R/A for
Loafers. From 16.95.
roos/atkins
INDIANS^
One day (on the Paris
-11
«
■
I
■
i
m
■
i
l
■
■
i
*
f
China border) the
Laughing Man was
talking to his eagle
who, perched on
Laughing Man’s
shoulder and digging
his talons into him,
was beginning to
worry over L.M.'s
health. L.M. sug
gested that Black
Wing might do well
to wear shoes. B.W.
heeding the sugges
tion flew to R/A for
Loafers. From 16.95.
roos/atkins
INDIANS^
One day (on the Paris
-11
«
■
I
■
i
m
■
i
l
■
■
i
*
f
China border) the
Laughing Man was
talking to his eagle
who, perched on
Laughing Man’s
shoulder and digging
his talons into him,
was beginning to
worry over L.M.'s
health. L.M. sug
gested that Black
Wing might do well
to wear shoes. B.W.
heeding the sugges
tion flew to R/A for
Loafers. From 16.95.
roos/atkins
INDIANS^
One day (on the Paris
-11
«
■
I
■
i
m
■
i
l
■
■
i
*
f
China border) the
Laughing Man was
talking to his eagle
who, perched on
Laughing Man’s
shoulder and digging
his talons into him,
was beginning to
worry over L.M.'s
health. L.M. sug
gested that Black
Wing might do well
to wear shoes. B.W.
heeding the sugges
tion flew to R/A for
Loafers. From 16.95.
roos/atkins
INDIANS^
One day (on the Paris
-11
«
■
I
■
i
m
■
i
l
■
■
i
*
f
China border) the
Laughing Man was
talking to his eagle
who, perched on
Laughing Man’s
shoulder and digging
his talons into him,
was beginning to
worry over L.M.'s
health. L.M. sug
gested that Black
Wing might do well
to wear shoes. B.W.
heeding the sugges
tion flew to R/A for
Loafers. From 16.95.
roos/atkins
INDIANS^
One day (on the Paris
-11
«
■
I
■
i
m
■
i
l
■
■
i
*
f
China border) the
Laughing Man was
talking to his eagle
who, perched on
Laughing Man’s
shoulder and digging
his talons into him,
was beginning to
worry over L.M.'s
health. L.M. sug
gested that Black
Wing might do well
to wear shoes. B.W.
heeding the sugges
tion flew to R/A for
Loafers. From 16.95.
roos/atkins
INDIANS^
One day (on the Paris
-11
«
■
I
■
i
m
■
i
l
■
■
i
*
f
China border) the
Laughing Man was
talking to his eagle
who, perched on
Laughing Man’s
shoulder and digging
his talons into him,
was beginning to
worry over L.M.'s
health. L.M. sug
gested that Black
Wing might do well
to wear shoes. B.W.
heeding the sugges
tion flew to R/A for
Loafers. From 16.95.
roos/atkins
INDIANS^
One day (on the Paris
-11
«
■
I
■
i
m
■
i
l
■
■
i
*
f
China border) the
Laughing Man was
talking to his eagle
who, perched on
Laughing Man’s
shoulder and digging
his talons into him,
was beginning to
worry over L.M.'s
health. L.M. sug
gested that Black
Wing might do well
to wear shoes. B.W.
heeding the sugges
tion flew to R/A for
Loafers. From 16.95.
roos/atkins
INDIANS^
One day (on the Paris
-11
«
■
I
■
i
m
■
i
l
■
■
i
*
f
China border) the
Laughing Man was
talking to his eagle
who, perched on
Laughing Man’s
shoulder and digging
his talons into him,
was beginning to
worry over L.M.'s
health. L.M. sug
gested that Black
Wing might do well
to wear shoes. B.W.
heeding the sugges
tion flew to R/A for
Loafers. From 16.95.
roos/atkins
INDIANS^
One day (on the Paris
-11
«
■
I
■
i
m
■
i
l
■
■
i
*
f
China border) the
Laughing Man was
talking to his eagle
who, perched on
Laughing Man’s
shoulder and digging
his talons into him,
was beginning to
worry over L.M.'s
health. L.M. sug
gested that Black
Wing might do well
to wear shoes. B.W.
heeding the sugges
tion flew to R/A for
Loafers. From 16.95.
roos/atkins
INDIANS^
One day (on the Paris
-11
«
■
I
■
i
m
■
i
l
■
■
i
*
f
China border) the
Laughing Man was
talking to his eagle
who, perched on
Laughing Man’s
shoulder and digging
his talons into him,
was beginning to
worry over L.M.'s
health. L.M. sug
gested that Black
Wing might do well
to wear shoes. B.W.
heeding the sugges
tion flew to R/A for
Loafers. From 16.95.
roos/atkins
INDIANS^
One day (on the Paris
-11
«
■
I
■
i
m
■
i
l
■
■
i
*
f
China border) the
Laughing Man was
talking to his eagle
who, perched on
Laughing Man’s
shoulder and digging
his talons into him,
was beginning to
worry over L.M.'s
health. L.M. sug
gested that Black
Wing might do well
to wear shoes. B.W.
heeding the sugges
tion flew to R/A for
Loafers. From 16.95.
roos/atkins
INDIANS^
One day (on the Paris
-11
«
■
I
■
i
m
■
i
l
■
■
i
*
f
China border) the
Laughing Man was
talking to his eagle
who, perched on
Laughing Man’s
shoulder and digging
his talons into him,
was beginning to
worry over L.M.'s
health. L.M. sug
gested that Black
Wing might do well
to wear shoes. B.W.
heeding the sugges
tion flew to R/A for
Loafers. From 16.95.
roos/atkins
INDIANS^
One day (on the Paris
-11
«
■
I
■
i
m
■
i
l
■
■
i
*
f
China border) the
Laughing Man was
talking to his eagle
who, perched on
Laughing Man’s
shoulder and digging
his talons into him,
was beginning to
worry over L.M.'s
health. L.M. sug
gested that Black
Wing might do well
to wear shoes. B.W.
heeding the sugges
tion flew to R/A for
Loafers. From 16.95.
roos/atkins
INDIANS^
One day (on the Paris
-11
«
■
I
■
i
m
■
i
l
■
■
i
*
f
China border) the
Laughing Man was
talking to his eagle
who, perched on
Laughing Man’s
shoulder and digging
his talons into him,
was beginning to
worry over L.M.'s
health. L.M. sug
gested that Black
Wing might do well
to wear shoes. B.W.
heeding the sugges
tion flew to R/A for
Loafers. From 16.95.
roos/atkins
INDIANS^
One day (on the Paris
-11
«
■
I
■
i
m
■
i
l
■
■
i
*
f
China border) the
Laughing Man was
talking to his eagle
who, perched on
Laughing Man’s
shoulder and digging
his talons into him,
was beginning to
worry over L.M.'s
health. L.M. sug
gested that Black
Wing might do well
to wear shoes. B.W.
heeding the sugges
tion flew to R/A for
Loafers. From 16.95.
roos/atkins
