# Forums Study World Affairs
## 
### 
“Latin America: Evolution or
Revolution?’’ and “The Atlantic
Community: In Review and in
Prospect” arc the topics slated
for two spring conferences on
world affairs.

Sponsored by the Collegiate
Council for the United Nations,
in cooperation with the Associa
tion of International Relations
Clubs, the conference on Latin
America will be held on April 28
and 29 at the College of Holy
Names in Oakland. Speakers at
the conference will include Teo
dorc Moscoso, head of the Alli
ance for Progress, and Dr. Ron
ald Hilton of Stanford, editor of
the “Hispanic American Report.”
Over thirty colleges will be rep
resented.

Upper classmen and graduate
students majoring in the social
sciences or area studies may
obtain applications now in the
ASSU office for scholarships to
the conference on the Atlantic
Community. The deadline for fil
ing applications is March 23.
Sponsored by the World Af
fairs Council of Northern Cali
fornia. the conference will be at
Asilomar, Monterey Peninsula,
on May 4, 5, and 6.
“Latin America: Evolution or
Revolution?’’ and “The Atlantic
Community: In Review and in
Prospect” arc the topics slated
for two spring conferences on
world affairs.

Sponsored by the Collegiate
Council for the United Nations,
in cooperation with the Associa
tion of International Relations
Clubs, the conference on Latin
America will be held on April 28
and 29 at the College of Holy
Names in Oakland. Speakers at
the conference will include Teo
dorc Moscoso, head of the Alli
ance for Progress, and Dr. Ron
ald Hilton of Stanford, editor of
the “Hispanic American Report.”
Over thirty colleges will be rep
resented.

Upper classmen and graduate
students majoring in the social
sciences or area studies may
obtain applications now in the
ASSU office for scholarships to
the conference on the Atlantic
Community. The deadline for fil
ing applications is March 23.
Sponsored by the World Af
fairs Council of Northern Cali
fornia. the conference will be at
Asilomar, Monterey Peninsula,
on May 4, 5, and 6.
“Latin America: Evolution or
Revolution?’’ and “The Atlantic
Community: In Review and in
Prospect” arc the topics slated
for two spring conferences on
world affairs.

Sponsored by the Collegiate
Council for the United Nations,
in cooperation with the Associa
tion of International Relations
Clubs, the conference on Latin
America will be held on April 28
and 29 at the College of Holy
Names in Oakland. Speakers at
the conference will include Teo
dorc Moscoso, head of the Alli
ance for Progress, and Dr. Ron
ald Hilton of Stanford, editor of
the “Hispanic American Report.”
Over thirty colleges will be rep
resented.

Upper classmen and graduate
students majoring in the social
sciences or area studies may
obtain applications now in the
ASSU office for scholarships to
the conference on the Atlantic
Community. The deadline for fil
ing applications is March 23.
Sponsored by the World Af
fairs Council of Northern Cali
fornia. the conference will be at
Asilomar, Monterey Peninsula,
on May 4, 5, and 6.
“Latin America: Evolution or
Revolution?’’ and “The Atlantic
Community: In Review and in
Prospect” arc the topics slated
for two spring conferences on
world affairs.

Sponsored by the Collegiate
Council for the United Nations,
in cooperation with the Associa
tion of International Relations
Clubs, the conference on Latin
America will be held on April 28
and 29 at the College of Holy
Names in Oakland. Speakers at
the conference will include Teo
dorc Moscoso, head of the Alli
ance for Progress, and Dr. Ron
ald Hilton of Stanford, editor of
the “Hispanic American Report.”
Over thirty colleges will be rep
resented.

Upper classmen and graduate
students majoring in the social
sciences or area studies may
obtain applications now in the
ASSU office for scholarships to
the conference on the Atlantic
Community. The deadline for fil
ing applications is March 23.
Sponsored by the World Af
fairs Council of Northern Cali
fornia. the conference will be at
Asilomar, Monterey Peninsula,
on May 4, 5, and 6.
“Latin America: Evolution or
Revolution?’’ and “The Atlantic
Community: In Review and in
Prospect” arc the topics slated
for two spring conferences on
world affairs.

Sponsored by the Collegiate
Council for the United Nations,
in cooperation with the Associa
tion of International Relations
Clubs, the conference on Latin
America will be held on April 28
and 29 at the College of Holy
Names in Oakland. Speakers at
the conference will include Teo
dorc Moscoso, head of the Alli
ance for Progress, and Dr. Ron
ald Hilton of Stanford, editor of
the “Hispanic American Report.”
Over thirty colleges will be rep
resented.

Upper classmen and graduate
students majoring in the social
sciences or area studies may
obtain applications now in the
ASSU office for scholarships to
the conference on the Atlantic
Community. The deadline for fil
ing applications is March 23.
Sponsored by the World Af
fairs Council of Northern Cali
fornia. the conference will be at
Asilomar, Monterey Peninsula,
on May 4, 5, and 6.
“Latin America: Evolution or
Revolution?’’ and “The Atlantic
Community: In Review and in
Prospect” arc the topics slated
for two spring conferences on
world affairs.

Sponsored by the Collegiate
Council for the United Nations,
in cooperation with the Associa
tion of International Relations
Clubs, the conference on Latin
America will be held on April 28
and 29 at the College of Holy
Names in Oakland. Speakers at
the conference will include Teo
dorc Moscoso, head of the Alli
ance for Progress, and Dr. Ron
ald Hilton of Stanford, editor of
the “Hispanic American Report.”
Over thirty colleges will be rep
resented.

Upper classmen and graduate
students majoring in the social
sciences or area studies may
obtain applications now in the
ASSU office for scholarships to
the conference on the Atlantic
Community. The deadline for fil
ing applications is March 23.
Sponsored by the World Af
fairs Council of Northern Cali
fornia. the conference will be at
Asilomar, Monterey Peninsula,
on May 4, 5, and 6.
“Latin America: Evolution or
Revolution?’’ and “The Atlantic
Community: In Review and in
Prospect” arc the topics slated
for two spring conferences on
world affairs.

Sponsored by the Collegiate
Council for the United Nations,
in cooperation with the Associa
tion of International Relations
Clubs, the conference on Latin
America will be held on April 28
and 29 at the College of Holy
Names in Oakland. Speakers at
the conference will include Teo
dorc Moscoso, head of the Alli
ance for Progress, and Dr. Ron
ald Hilton of Stanford, editor of
the “Hispanic American Report.”
Over thirty colleges will be rep
resented.

Upper classmen and graduate
students majoring in the social
sciences or area studies may
obtain applications now in the
ASSU office for scholarships to
the conference on the Atlantic
Community. The deadline for fil
ing applications is March 23.
Sponsored by the World Af
fairs Council of Northern Cali
fornia. the conference will be at
Asilomar, Monterey Peninsula,
on May 4, 5, and 6.
“Latin America: Evolution or
Revolution?’’ and “The Atlantic
Community: In Review and in
Prospect” arc the topics slated
for two spring conferences on
world affairs.

Sponsored by the Collegiate
Council for the United Nations,
in cooperation with the Associa
tion of International Relations
Clubs, the conference on Latin
America will be held on April 28
and 29 at the College of Holy
Names in Oakland. Speakers at
the conference will include Teo
dorc Moscoso, head of the Alli
ance for Progress, and Dr. Ron
ald Hilton of Stanford, editor of
the “Hispanic American Report.”
Over thirty colleges will be rep
resented.

Upper classmen and graduate
students majoring in the social
sciences or area studies may
obtain applications now in the
ASSU office for scholarships to
the conference on the Atlantic
Community. The deadline for fil
ing applications is March 23.
Sponsored by the World Af
fairs Council of Northern Cali
fornia. the conference will be at
Asilomar, Monterey Peninsula,
on May 4, 5, and 6.
“Latin America: Evolution or
Revolution?’’ and “The Atlantic
Community: In Review and in
Prospect” arc the topics slated
for two spring conferences on
world affairs.

Sponsored by the Collegiate
Council for the United Nations,
in cooperation with the Associa
tion of International Relations
Clubs, the conference on Latin
America will be held on April 28
and 29 at the College of Holy
Names in Oakland. Speakers at
the conference will include Teo
dorc Moscoso, head of the Alli
ance for Progress, and Dr. Ron
ald Hilton of Stanford, editor of
the “Hispanic American Report.”
Over thirty colleges will be rep
resented.

Upper classmen and graduate
students majoring in the social
sciences or area studies may
obtain applications now in the
ASSU office for scholarships to
the conference on the Atlantic
Community. The deadline for fil
ing applications is March 23.
Sponsored by the World Af
fairs Council of Northern Cali
fornia. the conference will be at
Asilomar, Monterey Peninsula,
on May 4, 5, and 6.
“Latin America: Evolution or
Revolution?’’ and “The Atlantic
Community: In Review and in
Prospect” arc the topics slated
for two spring conferences on
world affairs.

Sponsored by the Collegiate
Council for the United Nations,
in cooperation with the Associa
tion of International Relations
Clubs, the conference on Latin
America will be held on April 28
and 29 at the College of Holy
Names in Oakland. Speakers at
the conference will include Teo
dorc Moscoso, head of the Alli
ance for Progress, and Dr. Ron
ald Hilton of Stanford, editor of
the “Hispanic American Report.”
Over thirty colleges will be rep
resented.

Upper classmen and graduate
students majoring in the social
sciences or area studies may
obtain applications now in the
ASSU office for scholarships to
the conference on the Atlantic
Community. The deadline for fil
ing applications is March 23.
Sponsored by the World Af
fairs Council of Northern Cali
fornia. the conference will be at
Asilomar, Monterey Peninsula,
on May 4, 5, and 6.
“Latin America: Evolution or
Revolution?’’ and “The Atlantic
Community: In Review and in
Prospect” arc the topics slated
for two spring conferences on
world affairs.

Sponsored by the Collegiate
Council for the United Nations,
in cooperation with the Associa
tion of International Relations
Clubs, the conference on Latin
America will be held on April 28
and 29 at the College of Holy
Names in Oakland. Speakers at
the conference will include Teo
dorc Moscoso, head of the Alli
ance for Progress, and Dr. Ron
ald Hilton of Stanford, editor of
the “Hispanic American Report.”
Over thirty colleges will be rep
resented.

Upper classmen and graduate
students majoring in the social
sciences or area studies may
obtain applications now in the
ASSU office for scholarships to
the conference on the Atlantic
Community. The deadline for fil
ing applications is March 23.
Sponsored by the World Af
fairs Council of Northern Cali
fornia. the conference will be at
Asilomar, Monterey Peninsula,
on May 4, 5, and 6.
“Latin America: Evolution or
Revolution?’’ and “The Atlantic
Community: In Review and in
Prospect” arc the topics slated
for two spring conferences on
world affairs.

Sponsored by the Collegiate
Council for the United Nations,
in cooperation with the Associa
tion of International Relations
Clubs, the conference on Latin
America will be held on April 28
and 29 at the College of Holy
Names in Oakland. Speakers at
the conference will include Teo
dorc Moscoso, head of the Alli
ance for Progress, and Dr. Ron
ald Hilton of Stanford, editor of
the “Hispanic American Report.”
Over thirty colleges will be rep
resented.

Upper classmen and graduate
students majoring in the social
sciences or area studies may
obtain applications now in the
ASSU office for scholarships to
the conference on the Atlantic
Community. The deadline for fil
ing applications is March 23.
Sponsored by the World Af
fairs Council of Northern Cali
fornia. the conference will be at
Asilomar, Monterey Peninsula,
on May 4, 5, and 6.
“Latin America: Evolution or
Revolution?’’ and “The Atlantic
Community: In Review and in
Prospect” arc the topics slated
for two spring conferences on
world affairs.

Sponsored by the Collegiate
Council for the United Nations,
in cooperation with the Associa
tion of International Relations
Clubs, the conference on Latin
America will be held on April 28
and 29 at the College of Holy
Names in Oakland. Speakers at
the conference will include Teo
dorc Moscoso, head of the Alli
ance for Progress, and Dr. Ron
ald Hilton of Stanford, editor of
the “Hispanic American Report.”
Over thirty colleges will be rep
resented.

Upper classmen and graduate
students majoring in the social
sciences or area studies may
obtain applications now in the
ASSU office for scholarships to
the conference on the Atlantic
Community. The deadline for fil
ing applications is March 23.
Sponsored by the World Af
fairs Council of Northern Cali
fornia. the conference will be at
Asilomar, Monterey Peninsula,
on May 4, 5, and 6.
“Latin America: Evolution or
Revolution?’’ and “The Atlantic
Community: In Review and in
Prospect” arc the topics slated
for two spring conferences on
world affairs.

Sponsored by the Collegiate
Council for the United Nations,
in cooperation with the Associa
tion of International Relations
Clubs, the conference on Latin
America will be held on April 28
and 29 at the College of Holy
Names in Oakland. Speakers at
the conference will include Teo
dorc Moscoso, head of the Alli
ance for Progress, and Dr. Ron
ald Hilton of Stanford, editor of
the “Hispanic American Report.”
Over thirty colleges will be rep
resented.

Upper classmen and graduate
students majoring in the social
sciences or area studies may
obtain applications now in the
ASSU office for scholarships to
the conference on the Atlantic
Community. The deadline for fil
ing applications is March 23.
Sponsored by the World Af
fairs Council of Northern Cali
fornia. the conference will be at
Asilomar, Monterey Peninsula,
on May 4, 5, and 6.
“Latin America: Evolution or
Revolution?’’ and “The Atlantic
Community: In Review and in
Prospect” arc the topics slated
for two spring conferences on
world affairs.

Sponsored by the Collegiate
Council for the United Nations,
in cooperation with the Associa
tion of International Relations
Clubs, the conference on Latin
America will be held on April 28
and 29 at the College of Holy
Names in Oakland. Speakers at
the conference will include Teo
dorc Moscoso, head of the Alli
ance for Progress, and Dr. Ron
ald Hilton of Stanford, editor of
the “Hispanic American Report.”
Over thirty colleges will be rep
resented.

Upper classmen and graduate
students majoring in the social
sciences or area studies may
obtain applications now in the
ASSU office for scholarships to
the conference on the Atlantic
Community. The deadline for fil
ing applications is March 23.
Sponsored by the World Af
fairs Council of Northern Cali
fornia. the conference will be at
Asilomar, Monterey Peninsula,
on May 4, 5, and 6.
“Latin America: Evolution or
Revolution?’’ and “The Atlantic
Community: In Review and in
Prospect” arc the topics slated
for two spring conferences on
world affairs.

Sponsored by the Collegiate
Council for the United Nations,
in cooperation with the Associa
tion of International Relations
Clubs, the conference on Latin
America will be held on April 28
and 29 at the College of Holy
Names in Oakland. Speakers at
the conference will include Teo
dorc Moscoso, head of the Alli
ance for Progress, and Dr. Ron
ald Hilton of Stanford, editor of
the “Hispanic American Report.”
Over thirty colleges will be rep
resented.

Upper classmen and graduate
students majoring in the social
sciences or area studies may
obtain applications now in the
ASSU office for scholarships to
the conference on the Atlantic
Community. The deadline for fil
ing applications is March 23.
Sponsored by the World Af
fairs Council of Northern Cali
fornia. the conference will be at
Asilomar, Monterey Peninsula,
on May 4, 5, and 6.
“Latin America: Evolution or
Revolution?’’ and “The Atlantic
Community: In Review and in
Prospect” arc the topics slated
for two spring conferences on
world affairs.

Sponsored by the Collegiate
Council for the United Nations,
in cooperation with the Associa
tion of International Relations
Clubs, the conference on Latin
America will be held on April 28
and 29 at the College of Holy
Names in Oakland. Speakers at
the conference will include Teo
dorc Moscoso, head of the Alli
ance for Progress, and Dr. Ron
ald Hilton of Stanford, editor of
the “Hispanic American Report.”
Over thirty colleges will be rep
resented.

Upper classmen and graduate
students majoring in the social
sciences or area studies may
obtain applications now in the
ASSU office for scholarships to
the conference on the Atlantic
Community. The deadline for fil
ing applications is March 23.
Sponsored by the World Af
fairs Council of Northern Cali
fornia. the conference will be at
Asilomar, Monterey Peninsula,
on May 4, 5, and 6.
