# Students to Make Debating Tour
## 
### 
Two Stanford debaters will be
spending their spring vacation
touring the Northeast and Brit
ish Columbia, debating a number
of questions of current public in
terest.
Bob Mackey and Jim Woolsey
will leave immediately after fi
nals week on a speaking tour
which tentatively includes ap
pearances at Oregon. Oregon
State, Willamette, Reed, Wash
ington, Seattle, Puget Sound, and
British Columbia. Also included
are appearances before Stanford
alumni groups in Medford, Ore
gon, and Seattle. The tour will
conclude with the Pacific Foren
sic league tournament at Reno,
April 2-3.
Mackey is a junior who was a
champion orator in junior col
lege before transferring to Stan
ford this year. Woolsey, also a
junior, has extensive experience
in informal speaking situations.
Two Stanford debaters will be
spending their spring vacation
touring the Northeast and Brit
ish Columbia, debating a number
of questions of current public in
terest.
Bob Mackey and Jim Woolsey
will leave immediately after fi
nals week on a speaking tour
which tentatively includes ap
pearances at Oregon. Oregon
State, Willamette, Reed, Wash
ington, Seattle, Puget Sound, and
British Columbia. Also included
are appearances before Stanford
alumni groups in Medford, Ore
gon, and Seattle. The tour will
conclude with the Pacific Foren
sic league tournament at Reno,
April 2-3.
Mackey is a junior who was a
champion orator in junior col
lege before transferring to Stan
ford this year. Woolsey, also a
junior, has extensive experience
in informal speaking situations.
Two Stanford debaters will be
spending their spring vacation
touring the Northeast and Brit
ish Columbia, debating a number
of questions of current public in
terest.
Bob Mackey and Jim Woolsey
will leave immediately after fi
nals week on a speaking tour
which tentatively includes ap
pearances at Oregon. Oregon
State, Willamette, Reed, Wash
ington, Seattle, Puget Sound, and
British Columbia. Also included
are appearances before Stanford
alumni groups in Medford, Ore
gon, and Seattle. The tour will
conclude with the Pacific Foren
sic league tournament at Reno,
April 2-3.
Mackey is a junior who was a
champion orator in junior col
lege before transferring to Stan
ford this year. Woolsey, also a
junior, has extensive experience
in informal speaking situations.
Two Stanford debaters will be
spending their spring vacation
touring the Northeast and Brit
ish Columbia, debating a number
of questions of current public in
terest.
Bob Mackey and Jim Woolsey
will leave immediately after fi
nals week on a speaking tour
which tentatively includes ap
pearances at Oregon. Oregon
State, Willamette, Reed, Wash
ington, Seattle, Puget Sound, and
British Columbia. Also included
are appearances before Stanford
alumni groups in Medford, Ore
gon, and Seattle. The tour will
conclude with the Pacific Foren
sic league tournament at Reno,
April 2-3.
Mackey is a junior who was a
champion orator in junior col
lege before transferring to Stan
ford this year. Woolsey, also a
junior, has extensive experience
in informal speaking situations.
Two Stanford debaters will be
spending their spring vacation
touring the Northeast and Brit
ish Columbia, debating a number
of questions of current public in
terest.
Bob Mackey and Jim Woolsey
will leave immediately after fi
nals week on a speaking tour
which tentatively includes ap
pearances at Oregon. Oregon
State, Willamette, Reed, Wash
ington, Seattle, Puget Sound, and
British Columbia. Also included
are appearances before Stanford
alumni groups in Medford, Ore
gon, and Seattle. The tour will
conclude with the Pacific Foren
sic league tournament at Reno,
April 2-3.
Mackey is a junior who was a
champion orator in junior col
lege before transferring to Stan
ford this year. Woolsey, also a
junior, has extensive experience
in informal speaking situations.
Two Stanford debaters will be
spending their spring vacation
touring the Northeast and Brit
ish Columbia, debating a number
of questions of current public in
terest.
Bob Mackey and Jim Woolsey
will leave immediately after fi
nals week on a speaking tour
which tentatively includes ap
pearances at Oregon. Oregon
State, Willamette, Reed, Wash
ington, Seattle, Puget Sound, and
British Columbia. Also included
are appearances before Stanford
alumni groups in Medford, Ore
gon, and Seattle. The tour will
conclude with the Pacific Foren
sic league tournament at Reno,
April 2-3.
Mackey is a junior who was a
champion orator in junior col
lege before transferring to Stan
ford this year. Woolsey, also a
junior, has extensive experience
in informal speaking situations.
Two Stanford debaters will be
spending their spring vacation
touring the Northeast and Brit
ish Columbia, debating a number
of questions of current public in
terest.
Bob Mackey and Jim Woolsey
will leave immediately after fi
nals week on a speaking tour
which tentatively includes ap
pearances at Oregon. Oregon
State, Willamette, Reed, Wash
ington, Seattle, Puget Sound, and
British Columbia. Also included
are appearances before Stanford
alumni groups in Medford, Ore
gon, and Seattle. The tour will
conclude with the Pacific Foren
sic league tournament at Reno,
April 2-3.
Mackey is a junior who was a
champion orator in junior col
lege before transferring to Stan
ford this year. Woolsey, also a
junior, has extensive experience
in informal speaking situations.
Two Stanford debaters will be
spending their spring vacation
touring the Northeast and Brit
ish Columbia, debating a number
of questions of current public in
terest.
Bob Mackey and Jim Woolsey
will leave immediately after fi
nals week on a speaking tour
which tentatively includes ap
pearances at Oregon. Oregon
State, Willamette, Reed, Wash
ington, Seattle, Puget Sound, and
British Columbia. Also included
are appearances before Stanford
alumni groups in Medford, Ore
gon, and Seattle. The tour will
conclude with the Pacific Foren
sic league tournament at Reno,
April 2-3.
Mackey is a junior who was a
champion orator in junior col
lege before transferring to Stan
ford this year. Woolsey, also a
junior, has extensive experience
in informal speaking situations.
Two Stanford debaters will be
spending their spring vacation
touring the Northeast and Brit
ish Columbia, debating a number
of questions of current public in
terest.
Bob Mackey and Jim Woolsey
will leave immediately after fi
nals week on a speaking tour
which tentatively includes ap
pearances at Oregon. Oregon
State, Willamette, Reed, Wash
ington, Seattle, Puget Sound, and
British Columbia. Also included
are appearances before Stanford
alumni groups in Medford, Ore
gon, and Seattle. The tour will
conclude with the Pacific Foren
sic league tournament at Reno,
April 2-3.
Mackey is a junior who was a
champion orator in junior col
lege before transferring to Stan
ford this year. Woolsey, also a
junior, has extensive experience
in informal speaking situations.
Two Stanford debaters will be
spending their spring vacation
touring the Northeast and Brit
ish Columbia, debating a number
of questions of current public in
terest.
Bob Mackey and Jim Woolsey
will leave immediately after fi
nals week on a speaking tour
which tentatively includes ap
pearances at Oregon. Oregon
State, Willamette, Reed, Wash
ington, Seattle, Puget Sound, and
British Columbia. Also included
are appearances before Stanford
alumni groups in Medford, Ore
gon, and Seattle. The tour will
conclude with the Pacific Foren
sic league tournament at Reno,
April 2-3.
Mackey is a junior who was a
champion orator in junior col
lege before transferring to Stan
ford this year. Woolsey, also a
junior, has extensive experience
in informal speaking situations.
Two Stanford debaters will be
spending their spring vacation
touring the Northeast and Brit
ish Columbia, debating a number
of questions of current public in
terest.
Bob Mackey and Jim Woolsey
will leave immediately after fi
nals week on a speaking tour
which tentatively includes ap
pearances at Oregon. Oregon
State, Willamette, Reed, Wash
ington, Seattle, Puget Sound, and
British Columbia. Also included
are appearances before Stanford
alumni groups in Medford, Ore
gon, and Seattle. The tour will
conclude with the Pacific Foren
sic league tournament at Reno,
April 2-3.
Mackey is a junior who was a
champion orator in junior col
lege before transferring to Stan
ford this year. Woolsey, also a
junior, has extensive experience
in informal speaking situations.
Two Stanford debaters will be
spending their spring vacation
touring the Northeast and Brit
ish Columbia, debating a number
of questions of current public in
terest.
Bob Mackey and Jim Woolsey
will leave immediately after fi
nals week on a speaking tour
which tentatively includes ap
pearances at Oregon. Oregon
State, Willamette, Reed, Wash
ington, Seattle, Puget Sound, and
British Columbia. Also included
are appearances before Stanford
alumni groups in Medford, Ore
gon, and Seattle. The tour will
conclude with the Pacific Foren
sic league tournament at Reno,
April 2-3.
Mackey is a junior who was a
champion orator in junior col
lege before transferring to Stan
ford this year. Woolsey, also a
junior, has extensive experience
in informal speaking situations.
Two Stanford debaters will be
spending their spring vacation
touring the Northeast and Brit
ish Columbia, debating a number
of questions of current public in
terest.
Bob Mackey and Jim Woolsey
will leave immediately after fi
nals week on a speaking tour
which tentatively includes ap
pearances at Oregon. Oregon
State, Willamette, Reed, Wash
ington, Seattle, Puget Sound, and
British Columbia. Also included
are appearances before Stanford
alumni groups in Medford, Ore
gon, and Seattle. The tour will
conclude with the Pacific Foren
sic league tournament at Reno,
April 2-3.
Mackey is a junior who was a
champion orator in junior col
lege before transferring to Stan
ford this year. Woolsey, also a
junior, has extensive experience
in informal speaking situations.
Two Stanford debaters will be
spending their spring vacation
touring the Northeast and Brit
ish Columbia, debating a number
of questions of current public in
terest.
Bob Mackey and Jim Woolsey
will leave immediately after fi
nals week on a speaking tour
which tentatively includes ap
pearances at Oregon. Oregon
State, Willamette, Reed, Wash
ington, Seattle, Puget Sound, and
British Columbia. Also included
are appearances before Stanford
alumni groups in Medford, Ore
gon, and Seattle. The tour will
conclude with the Pacific Foren
sic league tournament at Reno,
April 2-3.
Mackey is a junior who was a
champion orator in junior col
lege before transferring to Stan
ford this year. Woolsey, also a
junior, has extensive experience
in informal speaking situations.
Two Stanford debaters will be
spending their spring vacation
touring the Northeast and Brit
ish Columbia, debating a number
of questions of current public in
terest.
Bob Mackey and Jim Woolsey
will leave immediately after fi
nals week on a speaking tour
which tentatively includes ap
pearances at Oregon. Oregon
State, Willamette, Reed, Wash
ington, Seattle, Puget Sound, and
British Columbia. Also included
are appearances before Stanford
alumni groups in Medford, Ore
gon, and Seattle. The tour will
conclude with the Pacific Foren
sic league tournament at Reno,
April 2-3.
Mackey is a junior who was a
champion orator in junior col
lege before transferring to Stan
ford this year. Woolsey, also a
junior, has extensive experience
in informal speaking situations.
Two Stanford debaters will be
spending their spring vacation
touring the Northeast and Brit
ish Columbia, debating a number
of questions of current public in
terest.
Bob Mackey and Jim Woolsey
will leave immediately after fi
nals week on a speaking tour
which tentatively includes ap
pearances at Oregon. Oregon
State, Willamette, Reed, Wash
ington, Seattle, Puget Sound, and
British Columbia. Also included
are appearances before Stanford
alumni groups in Medford, Ore
gon, and Seattle. The tour will
conclude with the Pacific Foren
sic league tournament at Reno,
April 2-3.
Mackey is a junior who was a
champion orator in junior col
lege before transferring to Stan
ford this year. Woolsey, also a
junior, has extensive experience
in informal speaking situations.
Two Stanford debaters will be
spending their spring vacation
touring the Northeast and Brit
ish Columbia, debating a number
of questions of current public in
terest.
Bob Mackey and Jim Woolsey
will leave immediately after fi
nals week on a speaking tour
which tentatively includes ap
pearances at Oregon. Oregon
State, Willamette, Reed, Wash
ington, Seattle, Puget Sound, and
British Columbia. Also included
are appearances before Stanford
alumni groups in Medford, Ore
gon, and Seattle. The tour will
conclude with the Pacific Foren
sic league tournament at Reno,
April 2-3.
Mackey is a junior who was a
champion orator in junior col
lege before transferring to Stan
ford this year. Woolsey, also a
junior, has extensive experience
in informal speaking situations.
