# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
American Golfer
Dresses for
1938
Arc Here
In one - picce and two
picce styles as advertised
in Vogue and Harper's
Bazaar. Priced
$6.50
\yals-ter&
M.isonie Temple Building
American Golfer
Dresses for
1938
Arc Here
In one - picce and two
picce styles as advertised
in Vogue and Harper's
Bazaar. Priced
$6.50
\yals-ter&
M.isonie Temple Building
American Golfer
Dresses for
1938
Arc Here
In one - picce and two
picce styles as advertised
in Vogue and Harper's
Bazaar. Priced
$6.50
\yals-ter&
M.isonie Temple Building
American Golfer
Dresses for
1938
Arc Here
In one - picce and two
picce styles as advertised
in Vogue and Harper's
Bazaar. Priced
$6.50
\yals-ter&
M.isonie Temple Building
American Golfer
Dresses for
1938
Arc Here
In one - picce and two
picce styles as advertised
in Vogue and Harper's
Bazaar. Priced
$6.50
\yals-ter&
M.isonie Temple Building
American Golfer
Dresses for
1938
Arc Here
In one - picce and two
picce styles as advertised
in Vogue and Harper's
Bazaar. Priced
$6.50
\yals-ter&
M.isonie Temple Building
American Golfer
Dresses for
1938
Arc Here
In one - picce and two
picce styles as advertised
in Vogue and Harper's
Bazaar. Priced
$6.50
\yals-ter&
M.isonie Temple Building
American Golfer
Dresses for
1938
Arc Here
In one - picce and two
picce styles as advertised
in Vogue and Harper's
Bazaar. Priced
$6.50
\yals-ter&
M.isonie Temple Building
American Golfer
Dresses for
1938
Arc Here
In one - picce and two
picce styles as advertised
in Vogue and Harper's
Bazaar. Priced
$6.50
\yals-ter&
M.isonie Temple Building
American Golfer
Dresses for
1938
Arc Here
In one - picce and two
picce styles as advertised
in Vogue and Harper's
Bazaar. Priced
$6.50
\yals-ter&
M.isonie Temple Building
American Golfer
Dresses for
1938
Arc Here
In one - picce and two
picce styles as advertised
in Vogue and Harper's
Bazaar. Priced
$6.50
\yals-ter&
M.isonie Temple Building
American Golfer
Dresses for
1938
Arc Here
In one - picce and two
picce styles as advertised
in Vogue and Harper's
Bazaar. Priced
$6.50
\yals-ter&
M.isonie Temple Building
American Golfer
Dresses for
1938
Arc Here
In one - picce and two
picce styles as advertised
in Vogue and Harper's
Bazaar. Priced
$6.50
\yals-ter&
M.isonie Temple Building
American Golfer
Dresses for
1938
Arc Here
In one - picce and two
picce styles as advertised
in Vogue and Harper's
Bazaar. Priced
$6.50
\yals-ter&
M.isonie Temple Building
American Golfer
Dresses for
1938
Arc Here
In one - picce and two
picce styles as advertised
in Vogue and Harper's
Bazaar. Priced
$6.50
\yals-ter&
M.isonie Temple Building
