# Drive Leader
## 
### 

CHAIRMAN OF the Y.W.C.A.
finance drive, Jackie Brown,
above, is working with her com
mittee to complete arrangements
for the campaign, which opens
next Monday.

CHAIRMAN OF the Y.W.C.A.
finance drive, Jackie Brown,
above, is working with her com
mittee to complete arrangements
for the campaign, which opens
next Monday.

CHAIRMAN OF the Y.W.C.A.
finance drive, Jackie Brown,
above, is working with her com
mittee to complete arrangements
for the campaign, which opens
next Monday.

CHAIRMAN OF the Y.W.C.A.
finance drive, Jackie Brown,
above, is working with her com
mittee to complete arrangements
for the campaign, which opens
next Monday.

CHAIRMAN OF the Y.W.C.A.
finance drive, Jackie Brown,
above, is working with her com
mittee to complete arrangements
for the campaign, which opens
next Monday.

CHAIRMAN OF the Y.W.C.A.
finance drive, Jackie Brown,
above, is working with her com
mittee to complete arrangements
for the campaign, which opens
next Monday.

CHAIRMAN OF the Y.W.C.A.
finance drive, Jackie Brown,
above, is working with her com
mittee to complete arrangements
for the campaign, which opens
next Monday.

CHAIRMAN OF the Y.W.C.A.
finance drive, Jackie Brown,
above, is working with her com
mittee to complete arrangements
for the campaign, which opens
next Monday.

CHAIRMAN OF the Y.W.C.A.
finance drive, Jackie Brown,
above, is working with her com
mittee to complete arrangements
for the campaign, which opens
next Monday.

CHAIRMAN OF the Y.W.C.A.
finance drive, Jackie Brown,
above, is working with her com
mittee to complete arrangements
for the campaign, which opens
next Monday.

CHAIRMAN OF the Y.W.C.A.
finance drive, Jackie Brown,
above, is working with her com
mittee to complete arrangements
for the campaign, which opens
next Monday.

CHAIRMAN OF the Y.W.C.A.
finance drive, Jackie Brown,
above, is working with her com
mittee to complete arrangements
for the campaign, which opens
next Monday.

CHAIRMAN OF the Y.W.C.A.
finance drive, Jackie Brown,
above, is working with her com
mittee to complete arrangements
for the campaign, which opens
next Monday.

CHAIRMAN OF the Y.W.C.A.
finance drive, Jackie Brown,
above, is working with her com
mittee to complete arrangements
for the campaign, which opens
next Monday.

CHAIRMAN OF the Y.W.C.A.
finance drive, Jackie Brown,
above, is working with her com
mittee to complete arrangements
for the campaign, which opens
next Monday.
