# ANNOUNCEMENTS
## 
### 
MONDAY
12:15 p.m.—Luncheon meeting of
the Scalpers Society at the Phi
Kappa Psi House.
3 p.m.—Meeting of Faculty Women's
Club in the Women's Clubhouse.
4:15 p.m.—Chemistry Department
Seminar, Room 20, Chemistry
Building. Speaker: Professor W.
G. Young, of the University of
California at Los Angeles. Sub
ject: "Effect of Solvents on the
Yields of Croytl and Alkyl Mag
nesuium Bromides. The Allylic
Rearrangement of Crotyl Magne
sium Bromides."
7 p.m.—Stanford DeMolay Club de
gree team will meet in Branner
Lobby for a trip to San Francisco. ;
7:45 p.m.—Regular Glee Club meet
ing in the women's old gym. Plans
for a concert this week will be i
discussed.
There are 3,385 buffalo in the
United States.
