# Tomorrow Deadline For Mural Aquatic Entries
## 
### 
Tomorrow is the last day that en
tries may be made for the intra
mural swimming meet to be held
February 28 and March 2. Organiza
tions planning to etfter this annual
event must turn in their lists of
entrants to Coach Sprague or Gene
Mires in order to be eligible for
competition.
Details of the meet can be found
in the intramural handbook. Gold
medals will be awarded first place
winners and winning teams will re
ceive points toward the intramural
championship.
Tomorrow is the last day that en
tries may be made for the intra
mural swimming meet to be held
February 28 and March 2. Organiza
tions planning to etfter this annual
event must turn in their lists of
entrants to Coach Sprague or Gene
Mires in order to be eligible for
competition.
Details of the meet can be found
in the intramural handbook. Gold
medals will be awarded first place
winners and winning teams will re
ceive points toward the intramural
championship.
Tomorrow is the last day that en
tries may be made for the intra
mural swimming meet to be held
February 28 and March 2. Organiza
tions planning to etfter this annual
event must turn in their lists of
entrants to Coach Sprague or Gene
Mires in order to be eligible for
competition.
Details of the meet can be found
in the intramural handbook. Gold
medals will be awarded first place
winners and winning teams will re
ceive points toward the intramural
championship.
Tomorrow is the last day that en
tries may be made for the intra
mural swimming meet to be held
February 28 and March 2. Organiza
tions planning to etfter this annual
event must turn in their lists of
entrants to Coach Sprague or Gene
Mires in order to be eligible for
competition.
Details of the meet can be found
in the intramural handbook. Gold
medals will be awarded first place
winners and winning teams will re
ceive points toward the intramural
championship.
Tomorrow is the last day that en
tries may be made for the intra
mural swimming meet to be held
February 28 and March 2. Organiza
tions planning to etfter this annual
event must turn in their lists of
entrants to Coach Sprague or Gene
Mires in order to be eligible for
competition.
Details of the meet can be found
in the intramural handbook. Gold
medals will be awarded first place
winners and winning teams will re
ceive points toward the intramural
championship.
Tomorrow is the last day that en
tries may be made for the intra
mural swimming meet to be held
February 28 and March 2. Organiza
tions planning to etfter this annual
event must turn in their lists of
entrants to Coach Sprague or Gene
Mires in order to be eligible for
competition.
Details of the meet can be found
in the intramural handbook. Gold
medals will be awarded first place
winners and winning teams will re
ceive points toward the intramural
championship.
Tomorrow is the last day that en
tries may be made for the intra
mural swimming meet to be held
February 28 and March 2. Organiza
tions planning to etfter this annual
event must turn in their lists of
entrants to Coach Sprague or Gene
Mires in order to be eligible for
competition.
Details of the meet can be found
in the intramural handbook. Gold
medals will be awarded first place
winners and winning teams will re
ceive points toward the intramural
championship.
Tomorrow is the last day that en
tries may be made for the intra
mural swimming meet to be held
February 28 and March 2. Organiza
tions planning to etfter this annual
event must turn in their lists of
entrants to Coach Sprague or Gene
Mires in order to be eligible for
competition.
Details of the meet can be found
in the intramural handbook. Gold
medals will be awarded first place
winners and winning teams will re
ceive points toward the intramural
championship.
Tomorrow is the last day that en
tries may be made for the intra
mural swimming meet to be held
February 28 and March 2. Organiza
tions planning to etfter this annual
event must turn in their lists of
entrants to Coach Sprague or Gene
Mires in order to be eligible for
competition.
Details of the meet can be found
in the intramural handbook. Gold
medals will be awarded first place
winners and winning teams will re
ceive points toward the intramural
championship.
Tomorrow is the last day that en
tries may be made for the intra
mural swimming meet to be held
February 28 and March 2. Organiza
tions planning to etfter this annual
event must turn in their lists of
entrants to Coach Sprague or Gene
Mires in order to be eligible for
competition.
Details of the meet can be found
in the intramural handbook. Gold
medals will be awarded first place
winners and winning teams will re
ceive points toward the intramural
championship.
Tomorrow is the last day that en
tries may be made for the intra
mural swimming meet to be held
February 28 and March 2. Organiza
tions planning to etfter this annual
event must turn in their lists of
entrants to Coach Sprague or Gene
Mires in order to be eligible for
competition.
Details of the meet can be found
in the intramural handbook. Gold
medals will be awarded first place
winners and winning teams will re
ceive points toward the intramural
championship.
Tomorrow is the last day that en
tries may be made for the intra
mural swimming meet to be held
February 28 and March 2. Organiza
tions planning to etfter this annual
event must turn in their lists of
entrants to Coach Sprague or Gene
Mires in order to be eligible for
competition.
Details of the meet can be found
in the intramural handbook. Gold
medals will be awarded first place
winners and winning teams will re
ceive points toward the intramural
championship.
Tomorrow is the last day that en
tries may be made for the intra
mural swimming meet to be held
February 28 and March 2. Organiza
tions planning to etfter this annual
event must turn in their lists of
entrants to Coach Sprague or Gene
Mires in order to be eligible for
competition.
Details of the meet can be found
in the intramural handbook. Gold
medals will be awarded first place
winners and winning teams will re
ceive points toward the intramural
championship.
Tomorrow is the last day that en
tries may be made for the intra
mural swimming meet to be held
February 28 and March 2. Organiza
tions planning to etfter this annual
event must turn in their lists of
entrants to Coach Sprague or Gene
Mires in order to be eligible for
competition.
Details of the meet can be found
in the intramural handbook. Gold
medals will be awarded first place
winners and winning teams will re
ceive points toward the intramural
championship.
