# BANNERS DISPLAYED IN FORECLOSURE PROTEST
## 
### 

A crowd of about 500 persons gathered around the St. Louis county courthouse In Duluth, Minn., to pro
test the mortgage foreclosure sale of a farm. Several banners were displayed by the demonstrators. (Ass>
ciated Press Photo)

A crowd of about 500 persons gathered around the St. Louis county courthouse In Duluth, Minn., to pro
test the mortgage foreclosure sale of a farm. Several banners were displayed by the demonstrators. (Ass>
ciated Press Photo)

A crowd of about 500 persons gathered around the St. Louis county courthouse In Duluth, Minn., to pro
test the mortgage foreclosure sale of a farm. Several banners were displayed by the demonstrators. (Ass>
ciated Press Photo)

A crowd of about 500 persons gathered around the St. Louis county courthouse In Duluth, Minn., to pro
test the mortgage foreclosure sale of a farm. Several banners were displayed by the demonstrators. (Ass>
ciated Press Photo)

A crowd of about 500 persons gathered around the St. Louis county courthouse In Duluth, Minn., to pro
test the mortgage foreclosure sale of a farm. Several banners were displayed by the demonstrators. (Ass>
ciated Press Photo)

A crowd of about 500 persons gathered around the St. Louis county courthouse In Duluth, Minn., to pro
test the mortgage foreclosure sale of a farm. Several banners were displayed by the demonstrators. (Ass>
ciated Press Photo)

A crowd of about 500 persons gathered around the St. Louis county courthouse In Duluth, Minn., to pro
test the mortgage foreclosure sale of a farm. Several banners were displayed by the demonstrators. (Ass>
ciated Press Photo)

A crowd of about 500 persons gathered around the St. Louis county courthouse In Duluth, Minn., to pro
test the mortgage foreclosure sale of a farm. Several banners were displayed by the demonstrators. (Ass>
ciated Press Photo)

A crowd of about 500 persons gathered around the St. Louis county courthouse In Duluth, Minn., to pro
test the mortgage foreclosure sale of a farm. Several banners were displayed by the demonstrators. (Ass>
ciated Press Photo)

A crowd of about 500 persons gathered around the St. Louis county courthouse In Duluth, Minn., to pro
test the mortgage foreclosure sale of a farm. Several banners were displayed by the demonstrators. (Ass>
ciated Press Photo)

A crowd of about 500 persons gathered around the St. Louis county courthouse In Duluth, Minn., to pro
test the mortgage foreclosure sale of a farm. Several banners were displayed by the demonstrators. (Ass>
ciated Press Photo)

A crowd of about 500 persons gathered around the St. Louis county courthouse In Duluth, Minn., to pro
test the mortgage foreclosure sale of a farm. Several banners were displayed by the demonstrators. (Ass>
ciated Press Photo)

A crowd of about 500 persons gathered around the St. Louis county courthouse In Duluth, Minn., to pro
test the mortgage foreclosure sale of a farm. Several banners were displayed by the demonstrators. (Ass>
ciated Press Photo)

A crowd of about 500 persons gathered around the St. Louis county courthouse In Duluth, Minn., to pro
test the mortgage foreclosure sale of a farm. Several banners were displayed by the demonstrators. (Ass>
ciated Press Photo)
