# GEOLOGY CLUB
## 
### 
Dr. Hans K. Stauffer will speak on
"Sedimentary Volcanism" at the next
meeting of the Geology Journal Club
Monday at 4:10 p.m. in Room 334 of
the Geology Building. The meeting
will be open to all who are inter
ested.
Dr. Hans K. Stauffer will speak on
"Sedimentary Volcanism" at the next
meeting of the Geology Journal Club
Monday at 4:10 p.m. in Room 334 of
the Geology Building. The meeting
will be open to all who are inter
ested.
Dr. Hans K. Stauffer will speak on
"Sedimentary Volcanism" at the next
meeting of the Geology Journal Club
Monday at 4:10 p.m. in Room 334 of
the Geology Building. The meeting
will be open to all who are inter
ested.
Dr. Hans K. Stauffer will speak on
"Sedimentary Volcanism" at the next
meeting of the Geology Journal Club
Monday at 4:10 p.m. in Room 334 of
the Geology Building. The meeting
will be open to all who are inter
ested.
Dr. Hans K. Stauffer will speak on
"Sedimentary Volcanism" at the next
meeting of the Geology Journal Club
Monday at 4:10 p.m. in Room 334 of
the Geology Building. The meeting
will be open to all who are inter
ested.
Dr. Hans K. Stauffer will speak on
"Sedimentary Volcanism" at the next
meeting of the Geology Journal Club
Monday at 4:10 p.m. in Room 334 of
the Geology Building. The meeting
will be open to all who are inter
ested.
Dr. Hans K. Stauffer will speak on
"Sedimentary Volcanism" at the next
meeting of the Geology Journal Club
Monday at 4:10 p.m. in Room 334 of
the Geology Building. The meeting
will be open to all who are inter
ested.
Dr. Hans K. Stauffer will speak on
"Sedimentary Volcanism" at the next
meeting of the Geology Journal Club
Monday at 4:10 p.m. in Room 334 of
the Geology Building. The meeting
will be open to all who are inter
ested.
Dr. Hans K. Stauffer will speak on
"Sedimentary Volcanism" at the next
meeting of the Geology Journal Club
Monday at 4:10 p.m. in Room 334 of
the Geology Building. The meeting
will be open to all who are inter
ested.
Dr. Hans K. Stauffer will speak on
"Sedimentary Volcanism" at the next
meeting of the Geology Journal Club
Monday at 4:10 p.m. in Room 334 of
the Geology Building. The meeting
will be open to all who are inter
ested.
Dr. Hans K. Stauffer will speak on
"Sedimentary Volcanism" at the next
meeting of the Geology Journal Club
Monday at 4:10 p.m. in Room 334 of
the Geology Building. The meeting
will be open to all who are inter
ested.
Dr. Hans K. Stauffer will speak on
"Sedimentary Volcanism" at the next
meeting of the Geology Journal Club
Monday at 4:10 p.m. in Room 334 of
the Geology Building. The meeting
will be open to all who are inter
ested.
Dr. Hans K. Stauffer will speak on
"Sedimentary Volcanism" at the next
meeting of the Geology Journal Club
Monday at 4:10 p.m. in Room 334 of
the Geology Building. The meeting
will be open to all who are inter
ested.
Dr. Hans K. Stauffer will speak on
"Sedimentary Volcanism" at the next
meeting of the Geology Journal Club
Monday at 4:10 p.m. in Room 334 of
the Geology Building. The meeting
will be open to all who are inter
ested.
Dr. Hans K. Stauffer will speak on
"Sedimentary Volcanism" at the next
meeting of the Geology Journal Club
Monday at 4:10 p.m. in Room 334 of
the Geology Building. The meeting
will be open to all who are inter
ested.
