# REDWOODS PARTY
## 
### 
The Redwoods will give an after
noon party Sunday from 3 to 5 p.m.
for the men of Fillmore and Van
Buren Hails.
There will be dancing and tables
for bridge and refreshments will be
served.
The Redwoods will give an after
noon party Sunday from 3 to 5 p.m.
for the men of Fillmore and Van
Buren Hails.
There will be dancing and tables
for bridge and refreshments will be
served.
The Redwoods will give an after
noon party Sunday from 3 to 5 p.m.
for the men of Fillmore and Van
Buren Hails.
There will be dancing and tables
for bridge and refreshments will be
served.
The Redwoods will give an after
noon party Sunday from 3 to 5 p.m.
for the men of Fillmore and Van
Buren Hails.
There will be dancing and tables
for bridge and refreshments will be
served.
The Redwoods will give an after
noon party Sunday from 3 to 5 p.m.
for the men of Fillmore and Van
Buren Hails.
There will be dancing and tables
for bridge and refreshments will be
served.
The Redwoods will give an after
noon party Sunday from 3 to 5 p.m.
for the men of Fillmore and Van
Buren Hails.
There will be dancing and tables
for bridge and refreshments will be
served.
The Redwoods will give an after
noon party Sunday from 3 to 5 p.m.
for the men of Fillmore and Van
Buren Hails.
There will be dancing and tables
for bridge and refreshments will be
served.
The Redwoods will give an after
noon party Sunday from 3 to 5 p.m.
for the men of Fillmore and Van
Buren Hails.
There will be dancing and tables
for bridge and refreshments will be
served.
The Redwoods will give an after
noon party Sunday from 3 to 5 p.m.
for the men of Fillmore and Van
Buren Hails.
There will be dancing and tables
for bridge and refreshments will be
served.
The Redwoods will give an after
noon party Sunday from 3 to 5 p.m.
for the men of Fillmore and Van
Buren Hails.
There will be dancing and tables
for bridge and refreshments will be
served.
The Redwoods will give an after
noon party Sunday from 3 to 5 p.m.
for the men of Fillmore and Van
Buren Hails.
There will be dancing and tables
for bridge and refreshments will be
served.
The Redwoods will give an after
noon party Sunday from 3 to 5 p.m.
for the men of Fillmore and Van
Buren Hails.
There will be dancing and tables
for bridge and refreshments will be
served.
The Redwoods will give an after
noon party Sunday from 3 to 5 p.m.
for the men of Fillmore and Van
Buren Hails.
There will be dancing and tables
for bridge and refreshments will be
served.
The Redwoods will give an after
noon party Sunday from 3 to 5 p.m.
for the men of Fillmore and Van
Buren Hails.
There will be dancing and tables
for bridge and refreshments will be
served.
The Redwoods will give an after
noon party Sunday from 3 to 5 p.m.
for the men of Fillmore and Van
Buren Hails.
There will be dancing and tables
for bridge and refreshments will be
served.
