# Farm President Will Open 24-College Meet Tomorrow
## 
### 
Presiding over the morning ses
sion of the annua* fall meeting of
the Western College Association at
Mills College Saturday will be
President Donald B. Tresidder.
The Association, which was or
ganized in 1924, has a membership
of 24 colleges and universities and
seven associates from the Western
states. John W. Dodds, Dean of the
School of Humanities, is president
of the group for the present aca
demic year.
Morning Session
The morning session will be de
voted to the discussion of "The
Problem of Administrative Over
head," after an introductory speech
by Dr. Lynn White, Jr., president of
Mills College.
Dr. Ernst H. Kantorowicz of the
University of California will talk
on "How the Pre-War German Uni
versities Were Run," followed by
Dr. Francis H. Herrick of Mills Col
lege, who will discuss "The Folk
ways of College Administration at
Oxford." Mr. Robert H. Bernard of
Claremont Colleges will conclude

the morning series of speeches with
"Overhead—Friend or Foe in Amer
ican Institutions."
"Some Academic lihisions"
Speaker on the program for the
luncheon session is Dr. Theodore
Greene, visiting professor in the
School of Humanities, whose sub
ject will be "Some Academic Illu
sions."
In the afternoon the delegates will
listen to a panel on "The Harvard
Report on General Education in a
Free Society," followed by a period
of open discussion. The speakers on
the panel are: Dr. W. H. Cowley of
the School of Education; Dr. Fred
erick Hard, president of Scripps
College; and Dr. Frank Wesley Pit
man of Pomona College.
Informal Tea
The annual meeting will be con
cluded by an informal tea at the
home of Dr. and Mrs. White.
Stanford representatives on the
program committee for the gather
ing are Dr. Merrill K. Bennett,
Dean of the School of Social Sci
ences, and Dr. Frederick O. Koenig,
Presiding over the morning ses
sion of the annua* fall meeting of
the Western College Association at
Mills College Saturday will be
President Donald B. Tresidder.
The Association, which was or
ganized in 1924, has a membership
of 24 colleges and universities and
seven associates from the Western
states. John W. Dodds, Dean of the
School of Humanities, is president
of the group for the present aca
demic year.
Morning Session
The morning session will be de
voted to the discussion of "The
Problem of Administrative Over
head," after an introductory speech
by Dr. Lynn White, Jr., president of
Mills College.
Dr. Ernst H. Kantorowicz of the
University of California will talk
on "How the Pre-War German Uni
versities Were Run," followed by
Dr. Francis H. Herrick of Mills Col
lege, who will discuss "The Folk
ways of College Administration at
Oxford." Mr. Robert H. Bernard of
Claremont Colleges will conclude

the morning series of speeches with
"Overhead—Friend or Foe in Amer
ican Institutions."
"Some Academic lihisions"
Speaker on the program for the
luncheon session is Dr. Theodore
Greene, visiting professor in the
School of Humanities, whose sub
ject will be "Some Academic Illu
sions."
In the afternoon the delegates will
listen to a panel on "The Harvard
Report on General Education in a
Free Society," followed by a period
of open discussion. The speakers on
the panel are: Dr. W. H. Cowley of
the School of Education; Dr. Fred
erick Hard, president of Scripps
College; and Dr. Frank Wesley Pit
man of Pomona College.
Informal Tea
The annual meeting will be con
cluded by an informal tea at the
home of Dr. and Mrs. White.
Stanford representatives on the
program committee for the gather
ing are Dr. Merrill K. Bennett,
Dean of the School of Social Sci
ences, and Dr. Frederick O. Koenig,
Presiding over the morning ses
sion of the annua* fall meeting of
the Western College Association at
Mills College Saturday will be
President Donald B. Tresidder.
The Association, which was or
ganized in 1924, has a membership
of 24 colleges and universities and
seven associates from the Western
states. John W. Dodds, Dean of the
School of Humanities, is president
of the group for the present aca
demic year.
Morning Session
The morning session will be de
voted to the discussion of "The
Problem of Administrative Over
head," after an introductory speech
by Dr. Lynn White, Jr., president of
Mills College.
Dr. Ernst H. Kantorowicz of the
University of California will talk
on "How the Pre-War German Uni
versities Were Run," followed by
Dr. Francis H. Herrick of Mills Col
lege, who will discuss "The Folk
ways of College Administration at
Oxford." Mr. Robert H. Bernard of
Claremont Colleges will conclude

the morning series of speeches with
"Overhead—Friend or Foe in Amer
ican Institutions."
"Some Academic lihisions"
Speaker on the program for the
luncheon session is Dr. Theodore
Greene, visiting professor in the
School of Humanities, whose sub
ject will be "Some Academic Illu
sions."
In the afternoon the delegates will
listen to a panel on "The Harvard
Report on General Education in a
Free Society," followed by a period
of open discussion. The speakers on
the panel are: Dr. W. H. Cowley of
the School of Education; Dr. Fred
erick Hard, president of Scripps
College; and Dr. Frank Wesley Pit
man of Pomona College.
Informal Tea
The annual meeting will be con
cluded by an informal tea at the
home of Dr. and Mrs. White.
Stanford representatives on the
program committee for the gather
ing are Dr. Merrill K. Bennett,
Dean of the School of Social Sci
ences, and Dr. Frederick O. Koenig,
Presiding over the morning ses
sion of the annua* fall meeting of
the Western College Association at
Mills College Saturday will be
President Donald B. Tresidder.
The Association, which was or
ganized in 1924, has a membership
of 24 colleges and universities and
seven associates from the Western
states. John W. Dodds, Dean of the
School of Humanities, is president
of the group for the present aca
demic year.
Morning Session
The morning session will be de
voted to the discussion of "The
Problem of Administrative Over
head," after an introductory speech
by Dr. Lynn White, Jr., president of
Mills College.
Dr. Ernst H. Kantorowicz of the
University of California will talk
on "How the Pre-War German Uni
versities Were Run," followed by
Dr. Francis H. Herrick of Mills Col
lege, who will discuss "The Folk
ways of College Administration at
Oxford." Mr. Robert H. Bernard of
Claremont Colleges will conclude

the morning series of speeches with
"Overhead—Friend or Foe in Amer
ican Institutions."
"Some Academic lihisions"
Speaker on the program for the
luncheon session is Dr. Theodore
Greene, visiting professor in the
School of Humanities, whose sub
ject will be "Some Academic Illu
sions."
In the afternoon the delegates will
listen to a panel on "The Harvard
Report on General Education in a
Free Society," followed by a period
of open discussion. The speakers on
the panel are: Dr. W. H. Cowley of
the School of Education; Dr. Fred
erick Hard, president of Scripps
College; and Dr. Frank Wesley Pit
man of Pomona College.
Informal Tea
The annual meeting will be con
cluded by an informal tea at the
home of Dr. and Mrs. White.
Stanford representatives on the
program committee for the gather
ing are Dr. Merrill K. Bennett,
Dean of the School of Social Sci
ences, and Dr. Frederick O. Koenig,
Presiding over the morning ses
sion of the annua* fall meeting of
the Western College Association at
Mills College Saturday will be
President Donald B. Tresidder.
The Association, which was or
ganized in 1924, has a membership
of 24 colleges and universities and
seven associates from the Western
states. John W. Dodds, Dean of the
School of Humanities, is president
of the group for the present aca
demic year.
Morning Session
The morning session will be de
voted to the discussion of "The
Problem of Administrative Over
head," after an introductory speech
by Dr. Lynn White, Jr., president of
Mills College.
Dr. Ernst H. Kantorowicz of the
University of California will talk
on "How the Pre-War German Uni
versities Were Run," followed by
Dr. Francis H. Herrick of Mills Col
lege, who will discuss "The Folk
ways of College Administration at
Oxford." Mr. Robert H. Bernard of
Claremont Colleges will conclude

the morning series of speeches with
"Overhead—Friend or Foe in Amer
ican Institutions."
"Some Academic lihisions"
Speaker on the program for the
luncheon session is Dr. Theodore
Greene, visiting professor in the
School of Humanities, whose sub
ject will be "Some Academic Illu
sions."
In the afternoon the delegates will
listen to a panel on "The Harvard
Report on General Education in a
Free Society," followed by a period
of open discussion. The speakers on
the panel are: Dr. W. H. Cowley of
the School of Education; Dr. Fred
erick Hard, president of Scripps
College; and Dr. Frank Wesley Pit
man of Pomona College.
Informal Tea
The annual meeting will be con
cluded by an informal tea at the
home of Dr. and Mrs. White.
Stanford representatives on the
program committee for the gather
ing are Dr. Merrill K. Bennett,
Dean of the School of Social Sci
ences, and Dr. Frederick O. Koenig,
Presiding over the morning ses
sion of the annua* fall meeting of
the Western College Association at
Mills College Saturday will be
President Donald B. Tresidder.
The Association, which was or
ganized in 1924, has a membership
of 24 colleges and universities and
seven associates from the Western
states. John W. Dodds, Dean of the
School of Humanities, is president
of the group for the present aca
demic year.
Morning Session
The morning session will be de
voted to the discussion of "The
Problem of Administrative Over
head," after an introductory speech
by Dr. Lynn White, Jr., president of
Mills College.
Dr. Ernst H. Kantorowicz of the
University of California will talk
on "How the Pre-War German Uni
versities Were Run," followed by
Dr. Francis H. Herrick of Mills Col
lege, who will discuss "The Folk
ways of College Administration at
Oxford." Mr. Robert H. Bernard of
Claremont Colleges will conclude

the morning series of speeches with
"Overhead—Friend or Foe in Amer
ican Institutions."
"Some Academic lihisions"
Speaker on the program for the
luncheon session is Dr. Theodore
Greene, visiting professor in the
School of Humanities, whose sub
ject will be "Some Academic Illu
sions."
In the afternoon the delegates will
listen to a panel on "The Harvard
Report on General Education in a
Free Society," followed by a period
of open discussion. The speakers on
the panel are: Dr. W. H. Cowley of
the School of Education; Dr. Fred
erick Hard, president of Scripps
College; and Dr. Frank Wesley Pit
man of Pomona College.
Informal Tea
The annual meeting will be con
cluded by an informal tea at the
home of Dr. and Mrs. White.
Stanford representatives on the
program committee for the gather
ing are Dr. Merrill K. Bennett,
Dean of the School of Social Sci
ences, and Dr. Frederick O. Koenig,
Presiding over the morning ses
sion of the annua* fall meeting of
the Western College Association at
Mills College Saturday will be
President Donald B. Tresidder.
The Association, which was or
ganized in 1924, has a membership
of 24 colleges and universities and
seven associates from the Western
states. John W. Dodds, Dean of the
School of Humanities, is president
of the group for the present aca
demic year.
Morning Session
The morning session will be de
voted to the discussion of "The
Problem of Administrative Over
head," after an introductory speech
by Dr. Lynn White, Jr., president of
Mills College.
Dr. Ernst H. Kantorowicz of the
University of California will talk
on "How the Pre-War German Uni
versities Were Run," followed by
Dr. Francis H. Herrick of Mills Col
lege, who will discuss "The Folk
ways of College Administration at
Oxford." Mr. Robert H. Bernard of
Claremont Colleges will conclude

the morning series of speeches with
"Overhead—Friend or Foe in Amer
ican Institutions."
"Some Academic lihisions"
Speaker on the program for the
luncheon session is Dr. Theodore
Greene, visiting professor in the
School of Humanities, whose sub
ject will be "Some Academic Illu
sions."
In the afternoon the delegates will
listen to a panel on "The Harvard
Report on General Education in a
Free Society," followed by a period
of open discussion. The speakers on
the panel are: Dr. W. H. Cowley of
the School of Education; Dr. Fred
erick Hard, president of Scripps
College; and Dr. Frank Wesley Pit
man of Pomona College.
Informal Tea
The annual meeting will be con
cluded by an informal tea at the
home of Dr. and Mrs. White.
Stanford representatives on the
program committee for the gather
ing are Dr. Merrill K. Bennett,
Dean of the School of Social Sci
ences, and Dr. Frederick O. Koenig,
Presiding over the morning ses
sion of the annua* fall meeting of
the Western College Association at
Mills College Saturday will be
President Donald B. Tresidder.
The Association, which was or
ganized in 1924, has a membership
of 24 colleges and universities and
seven associates from the Western
states. John W. Dodds, Dean of the
School of Humanities, is president
of the group for the present aca
demic year.
Morning Session
The morning session will be de
voted to the discussion of "The
Problem of Administrative Over
head," after an introductory speech
by Dr. Lynn White, Jr., president of
Mills College.
Dr. Ernst H. Kantorowicz of the
University of California will talk
on "How the Pre-War German Uni
versities Were Run," followed by
Dr. Francis H. Herrick of Mills Col
lege, who will discuss "The Folk
ways of College Administration at
Oxford." Mr. Robert H. Bernard of
Claremont Colleges will conclude

the morning series of speeches with
"Overhead—Friend or Foe in Amer
ican Institutions."
"Some Academic lihisions"
Speaker on the program for the
luncheon session is Dr. Theodore
Greene, visiting professor in the
School of Humanities, whose sub
ject will be "Some Academic Illu
sions."
In the afternoon the delegates will
listen to a panel on "The Harvard
Report on General Education in a
Free Society," followed by a period
of open discussion. The speakers on
the panel are: Dr. W. H. Cowley of
the School of Education; Dr. Fred
erick Hard, president of Scripps
College; and Dr. Frank Wesley Pit
man of Pomona College.
Informal Tea
The annual meeting will be con
cluded by an informal tea at the
home of Dr. and Mrs. White.
Stanford representatives on the
program committee for the gather
ing are Dr. Merrill K. Bennett,
Dean of the School of Social Sci
ences, and Dr. Frederick O. Koenig,
Presiding over the morning ses
sion of the annua* fall meeting of
the Western College Association at
Mills College Saturday will be
President Donald B. Tresidder.
The Association, which was or
ganized in 1924, has a membership
of 24 colleges and universities and
seven associates from the Western
states. John W. Dodds, Dean of the
School of Humanities, is president
of the group for the present aca
demic year.
Morning Session
The morning session will be de
voted to the discussion of "The
Problem of Administrative Over
head," after an introductory speech
by Dr. Lynn White, Jr., president of
Mills College.
Dr. Ernst H. Kantorowicz of the
University of California will talk
on "How the Pre-War German Uni
versities Were Run," followed by
Dr. Francis H. Herrick of Mills Col
lege, who will discuss "The Folk
ways of College Administration at
Oxford." Mr. Robert H. Bernard of
Claremont Colleges will conclude

the morning series of speeches with
"Overhead—Friend or Foe in Amer
ican Institutions."
"Some Academic lihisions"
Speaker on the program for the
luncheon session is Dr. Theodore
Greene, visiting professor in the
School of Humanities, whose sub
ject will be "Some Academic Illu
sions."
In the afternoon the delegates will
listen to a panel on "The Harvard
Report on General Education in a
Free Society," followed by a period
of open discussion. The speakers on
the panel are: Dr. W. H. Cowley of
the School of Education; Dr. Fred
erick Hard, president of Scripps
College; and Dr. Frank Wesley Pit
man of Pomona College.
Informal Tea
The annual meeting will be con
cluded by an informal tea at the
home of Dr. and Mrs. White.
Stanford representatives on the
program committee for the gather
ing are Dr. Merrill K. Bennett,
Dean of the School of Social Sci
ences, and Dr. Frederick O. Koenig,
Presiding over the morning ses
sion of the annua* fall meeting of
the Western College Association at
Mills College Saturday will be
President Donald B. Tresidder.
The Association, which was or
ganized in 1924, has a membership
of 24 colleges and universities and
seven associates from the Western
states. John W. Dodds, Dean of the
School of Humanities, is president
of the group for the present aca
demic year.
Morning Session
The morning session will be de
voted to the discussion of "The
Problem of Administrative Over
head," after an introductory speech
by Dr. Lynn White, Jr., president of
Mills College.
Dr. Ernst H. Kantorowicz of the
University of California will talk
on "How the Pre-War German Uni
versities Were Run," followed by
Dr. Francis H. Herrick of Mills Col
lege, who will discuss "The Folk
ways of College Administration at
Oxford." Mr. Robert H. Bernard of
Claremont Colleges will conclude

the morning series of speeches with
"Overhead—Friend or Foe in Amer
ican Institutions."
"Some Academic lihisions"
Speaker on the program for the
luncheon session is Dr. Theodore
Greene, visiting professor in the
School of Humanities, whose sub
ject will be "Some Academic Illu
sions."
In the afternoon the delegates will
listen to a panel on "The Harvard
Report on General Education in a
Free Society," followed by a period
of open discussion. The speakers on
the panel are: Dr. W. H. Cowley of
the School of Education; Dr. Fred
erick Hard, president of Scripps
College; and Dr. Frank Wesley Pit
man of Pomona College.
Informal Tea
The annual meeting will be con
cluded by an informal tea at the
home of Dr. and Mrs. White.
Stanford representatives on the
program committee for the gather
ing are Dr. Merrill K. Bennett,
Dean of the School of Social Sci
ences, and Dr. Frederick O. Koenig,
Presiding over the morning ses
sion of the annua* fall meeting of
the Western College Association at
Mills College Saturday will be
President Donald B. Tresidder.
The Association, which was or
ganized in 1924, has a membership
of 24 colleges and universities and
seven associates from the Western
states. John W. Dodds, Dean of the
School of Humanities, is president
of the group for the present aca
demic year.
Morning Session
The morning session will be de
voted to the discussion of "The
Problem of Administrative Over
head," after an introductory speech
by Dr. Lynn White, Jr., president of
Mills College.
Dr. Ernst H. Kantorowicz of the
University of California will talk
on "How the Pre-War German Uni
versities Were Run," followed by
Dr. Francis H. Herrick of Mills Col
lege, who will discuss "The Folk
ways of College Administration at
Oxford." Mr. Robert H. Bernard of
Claremont Colleges will conclude

the morning series of speeches with
"Overhead—Friend or Foe in Amer
ican Institutions."
"Some Academic lihisions"
Speaker on the program for the
luncheon session is Dr. Theodore
Greene, visiting professor in the
School of Humanities, whose sub
ject will be "Some Academic Illu
sions."
In the afternoon the delegates will
listen to a panel on "The Harvard
Report on General Education in a
Free Society," followed by a period
of open discussion. The speakers on
the panel are: Dr. W. H. Cowley of
the School of Education; Dr. Fred
erick Hard, president of Scripps
College; and Dr. Frank Wesley Pit
man of Pomona College.
Informal Tea
The annual meeting will be con
cluded by an informal tea at the
home of Dr. and Mrs. White.
Stanford representatives on the
program committee for the gather
ing are Dr. Merrill K. Bennett,
Dean of the School of Social Sci
ences, and Dr. Frederick O. Koenig,
Presiding over the morning ses
sion of the annua* fall meeting of
the Western College Association at
Mills College Saturday will be
President Donald B. Tresidder.
The Association, which was or
ganized in 1924, has a membership
of 24 colleges and universities and
seven associates from the Western
states. John W. Dodds, Dean of the
School of Humanities, is president
of the group for the present aca
demic year.
Morning Session
The morning session will be de
voted to the discussion of "The
Problem of Administrative Over
head," after an introductory speech
by Dr. Lynn White, Jr., president of
Mills College.
Dr. Ernst H. Kantorowicz of the
University of California will talk
on "How the Pre-War German Uni
versities Were Run," followed by
Dr. Francis H. Herrick of Mills Col
lege, who will discuss "The Folk
ways of College Administration at
Oxford." Mr. Robert H. Bernard of
Claremont Colleges will conclude

the morning series of speeches with
"Overhead—Friend or Foe in Amer
ican Institutions."
"Some Academic lihisions"
Speaker on the program for the
luncheon session is Dr. Theodore
Greene, visiting professor in the
School of Humanities, whose sub
ject will be "Some Academic Illu
sions."
In the afternoon the delegates will
listen to a panel on "The Harvard
Report on General Education in a
Free Society," followed by a period
of open discussion. The speakers on
the panel are: Dr. W. H. Cowley of
the School of Education; Dr. Fred
erick Hard, president of Scripps
College; and Dr. Frank Wesley Pit
man of Pomona College.
Informal Tea
The annual meeting will be con
cluded by an informal tea at the
home of Dr. and Mrs. White.
Stanford representatives on the
program committee for the gather
ing are Dr. Merrill K. Bennett,
Dean of the School of Social Sci
ences, and Dr. Frederick O. Koenig,
Presiding over the morning ses
sion of the annua* fall meeting of
the Western College Association at
Mills College Saturday will be
President Donald B. Tresidder.
The Association, which was or
ganized in 1924, has a membership
of 24 colleges and universities and
seven associates from the Western
states. John W. Dodds, Dean of the
School of Humanities, is president
of the group for the present aca
demic year.
Morning Session
The morning session will be de
voted to the discussion of "The
Problem of Administrative Over
head," after an introductory speech
by Dr. Lynn White, Jr., president of
Mills College.
Dr. Ernst H. Kantorowicz of the
University of California will talk
on "How the Pre-War German Uni
versities Were Run," followed by
Dr. Francis H. Herrick of Mills Col
lege, who will discuss "The Folk
ways of College Administration at
Oxford." Mr. Robert H. Bernard of
Claremont Colleges will conclude

the morning series of speeches with
"Overhead—Friend or Foe in Amer
ican Institutions."
"Some Academic lihisions"
Speaker on the program for the
luncheon session is Dr. Theodore
Greene, visiting professor in the
School of Humanities, whose sub
ject will be "Some Academic Illu
sions."
In the afternoon the delegates will
listen to a panel on "The Harvard
Report on General Education in a
Free Society," followed by a period
of open discussion. The speakers on
the panel are: Dr. W. H. Cowley of
the School of Education; Dr. Fred
erick Hard, president of Scripps
College; and Dr. Frank Wesley Pit
man of Pomona College.
Informal Tea
The annual meeting will be con
cluded by an informal tea at the
home of Dr. and Mrs. White.
Stanford representatives on the
program committee for the gather
ing are Dr. Merrill K. Bennett,
Dean of the School of Social Sci
ences, and Dr. Frederick O. Koenig,
Presiding over the morning ses
sion of the annua* fall meeting of
the Western College Association at
Mills College Saturday will be
President Donald B. Tresidder.
The Association, which was or
ganized in 1924, has a membership
of 24 colleges and universities and
seven associates from the Western
states. John W. Dodds, Dean of the
School of Humanities, is president
of the group for the present aca
demic year.
Morning Session
The morning session will be de
voted to the discussion of "The
Problem of Administrative Over
head," after an introductory speech
by Dr. Lynn White, Jr., president of
Mills College.
Dr. Ernst H. Kantorowicz of the
University of California will talk
on "How the Pre-War German Uni
versities Were Run," followed by
Dr. Francis H. Herrick of Mills Col
lege, who will discuss "The Folk
ways of College Administration at
Oxford." Mr. Robert H. Bernard of
Claremont Colleges will conclude

the morning series of speeches with
"Overhead—Friend or Foe in Amer
ican Institutions."
"Some Academic lihisions"
Speaker on the program for the
luncheon session is Dr. Theodore
Greene, visiting professor in the
School of Humanities, whose sub
ject will be "Some Academic Illu
sions."
In the afternoon the delegates will
listen to a panel on "The Harvard
Report on General Education in a
Free Society," followed by a period
of open discussion. The speakers on
the panel are: Dr. W. H. Cowley of
the School of Education; Dr. Fred
erick Hard, president of Scripps
College; and Dr. Frank Wesley Pit
man of Pomona College.
Informal Tea
The annual meeting will be con
cluded by an informal tea at the
home of Dr. and Mrs. White.
Stanford representatives on the
program committee for the gather
ing are Dr. Merrill K. Bennett,
Dean of the School of Social Sci
ences, and Dr. Frederick O. Koenig,
Presiding over the morning ses
sion of the annua* fall meeting of
the Western College Association at
Mills College Saturday will be
President Donald B. Tresidder.
The Association, which was or
ganized in 1924, has a membership
of 24 colleges and universities and
seven associates from the Western
states. John W. Dodds, Dean of the
School of Humanities, is president
of the group for the present aca
demic year.
Morning Session
The morning session will be de
voted to the discussion of "The
Problem of Administrative Over
head," after an introductory speech
by Dr. Lynn White, Jr., president of
Mills College.
Dr. Ernst H. Kantorowicz of the
University of California will talk
on "How the Pre-War German Uni
versities Were Run," followed by
Dr. Francis H. Herrick of Mills Col
lege, who will discuss "The Folk
ways of College Administration at
Oxford." Mr. Robert H. Bernard of
Claremont Colleges will conclude

the morning series of speeches with
"Overhead—Friend or Foe in Amer
ican Institutions."
"Some Academic lihisions"
Speaker on the program for the
luncheon session is Dr. Theodore
Greene, visiting professor in the
School of Humanities, whose sub
ject will be "Some Academic Illu
sions."
In the afternoon the delegates will
listen to a panel on "The Harvard
Report on General Education in a
Free Society," followed by a period
of open discussion. The speakers on
the panel are: Dr. W. H. Cowley of
the School of Education; Dr. Fred
erick Hard, president of Scripps
College; and Dr. Frank Wesley Pit
man of Pomona College.
Informal Tea
The annual meeting will be con
cluded by an informal tea at the
home of Dr. and Mrs. White.
Stanford representatives on the
program committee for the gather
ing are Dr. Merrill K. Bennett,
Dean of the School of Social Sci
ences, and Dr. Frederick O. Koenig,
