# Challenges Distance Mark
## 
### 

CLYDE PANGBORN (standing), transatlantic aviator, is shown
supervising the rebuilding of an airplane in which he is going
(o take an assault on the world's distance record of 5.657 miles
set by Rossi and Codos of France in 19;j;i. (A.P. Photo)

CLYDE PANGBORN (standing), transatlantic aviator, is shown
supervising the rebuilding of an airplane in which he is going
(o take an assault on the world's distance record of 5.657 miles
set by Rossi and Codos of France in 19;j;i. (A.P. Photo)

CLYDE PANGBORN (standing), transatlantic aviator, is shown
supervising the rebuilding of an airplane in which he is going
(o take an assault on the world's distance record of 5.657 miles
set by Rossi and Codos of France in 19;j;i. (A.P. Photo)

CLYDE PANGBORN (standing), transatlantic aviator, is shown
supervising the rebuilding of an airplane in which he is going
(o take an assault on the world's distance record of 5.657 miles
set by Rossi and Codos of France in 19;j;i. (A.P. Photo)

CLYDE PANGBORN (standing), transatlantic aviator, is shown
supervising the rebuilding of an airplane in which he is going
(o take an assault on the world's distance record of 5.657 miles
set by Rossi and Codos of France in 19;j;i. (A.P. Photo)

CLYDE PANGBORN (standing), transatlantic aviator, is shown
supervising the rebuilding of an airplane in which he is going
(o take an assault on the world's distance record of 5.657 miles
set by Rossi and Codos of France in 19;j;i. (A.P. Photo)

CLYDE PANGBORN (standing), transatlantic aviator, is shown
supervising the rebuilding of an airplane in which he is going
(o take an assault on the world's distance record of 5.657 miles
set by Rossi and Codos of France in 19;j;i. (A.P. Photo)

CLYDE PANGBORN (standing), transatlantic aviator, is shown
supervising the rebuilding of an airplane in which he is going
(o take an assault on the world's distance record of 5.657 miles
set by Rossi and Codos of France in 19;j;i. (A.P. Photo)

CLYDE PANGBORN (standing), transatlantic aviator, is shown
supervising the rebuilding of an airplane in which he is going
(o take an assault on the world's distance record of 5.657 miles
set by Rossi and Codos of France in 19;j;i. (A.P. Photo)

CLYDE PANGBORN (standing), transatlantic aviator, is shown
supervising the rebuilding of an airplane in which he is going
(o take an assault on the world's distance record of 5.657 miles
set by Rossi and Codos of France in 19;j;i. (A.P. Photo)

CLYDE PANGBORN (standing), transatlantic aviator, is shown
supervising the rebuilding of an airplane in which he is going
(o take an assault on the world's distance record of 5.657 miles
set by Rossi and Codos of France in 19;j;i. (A.P. Photo)

CLYDE PANGBORN (standing), transatlantic aviator, is shown
supervising the rebuilding of an airplane in which he is going
(o take an assault on the world's distance record of 5.657 miles
set by Rossi and Codos of France in 19;j;i. (A.P. Photo)

CLYDE PANGBORN (standing), transatlantic aviator, is shown
supervising the rebuilding of an airplane in which he is going
(o take an assault on the world's distance record of 5.657 miles
set by Rossi and Codos of France in 19;j;i. (A.P. Photo)

CLYDE PANGBORN (standing), transatlantic aviator, is shown
supervising the rebuilding of an airplane in which he is going
(o take an assault on the world's distance record of 5.657 miles
set by Rossi and Codos of France in 19;j;i. (A.P. Photo)

CLYDE PANGBORN (standing), transatlantic aviator, is shown
supervising the rebuilding of an airplane in which he is going
(o take an assault on the world's distance record of 5.657 miles
set by Rossi and Codos of France in 19;j;i. (A.P. Photo)

CLYDE PANGBORN (standing), transatlantic aviator, is shown
supervising the rebuilding of an airplane in which he is going
(o take an assault on the world's distance record of 5.657 miles
set by Rossi and Codos of France in 19;j;i. (A.P. Photo)
