# Novice Tourney Lacks Entries
## 
### 
Threatening weather, the Straw
berry Brunch and the general early
qualifying timidity yesterday com
bined to make the iirst day entries
in the all-University Novice golf
tournament being played on the
Stanford course this week hit a new
low.
One week still remains for novices
to make their bid for the title that
Jim Dillon vacated when he quali
fied for the number seven position
on the varsity team. ''The winner of
this year's novice may be on the
varsity ladder by next year," said
Coach Twiggs.
The first 16 qualifiers will form a
championship flight, the next 16 the
first* group and the remaining en
trants will make up a third flight.
Trophies will be given to the win
ners of each flight.
