# Ex Committee Seeks Perfume For Campus Political Carcass
## 
### 
Last night the Ex Committee decided to
appoint another committee. This time it was
the same committee it appointed last week.
This new committee, however, is different in
scope. It is supposed to do something. The
something it is supposed to do is to do some
thing about the smell. The smell is caused by
dirty politics. The dirty polities, say some,
is caused hv the fact that the Hall and Row
cauei are not organized. They are not organ
ized because they are the spontaneous brain
children of some inspired ward-heelers who
want to elect their candidate. Hut Ex Com
mittee does not want to organize the cauci,
because Ex Committee is afraid that the cauci
will still smell and everybody will know who
did it. Ex Committee says it is afraid that
organized cauci of Hall aiid How will crystal
lize the Hall-How split. Hut the Hall-How split
is caused by the fact that people live in the
Hall and people live in the How. Ex Commit
tee thinks there is something fundamentally
nasty and dirty about this. Hut anybody who
has lived in the Hall or the How can tell Ex
Committee that there is nothing nasty or dirty
about this. As a matter of fact, it is kind of
fun.
Last night the Ex Committee decided to
appoint another committee. This time it was
the same committee it appointed last week.
This new committee, however, is different in
scope. It is supposed to do something. The
something it is supposed to do is to do some
thing about the smell. The smell is caused by
dirty politics. The dirty polities, say some,
is caused hv the fact that the Hall and Row
cauei are not organized. They are not organ
ized because they are the spontaneous brain
children of some inspired ward-heelers who
want to elect their candidate. Hut Ex Com
mittee does not want to organize the cauci,
because Ex Committee is afraid that the cauci
will still smell and everybody will know who
did it. Ex Committee says it is afraid that
organized cauci of Hall aiid How will crystal
lize the Hall-How split. Hut the Hall-How split
is caused by the fact that people live in the
Hall and people live in the How. Ex Commit
tee thinks there is something fundamentally
nasty and dirty about this. Hut anybody who
has lived in the Hall or the How can tell Ex
Committee that there is nothing nasty or dirty
about this. As a matter of fact, it is kind of
fun.
Last night the Ex Committee decided to
appoint another committee. This time it was
the same committee it appointed last week.
This new committee, however, is different in
scope. It is supposed to do something. The
something it is supposed to do is to do some
thing about the smell. The smell is caused by
dirty politics. The dirty polities, say some,
is caused hv the fact that the Hall and Row
cauei are not organized. They are not organ
ized because they are the spontaneous brain
children of some inspired ward-heelers who
want to elect their candidate. Hut Ex Com
mittee does not want to organize the cauci,
because Ex Committee is afraid that the cauci
will still smell and everybody will know who
did it. Ex Committee says it is afraid that
organized cauci of Hall aiid How will crystal
lize the Hall-How split. Hut the Hall-How split
is caused by the fact that people live in the
Hall and people live in the How. Ex Commit
tee thinks there is something fundamentally
nasty and dirty about this. Hut anybody who
has lived in the Hall or the How can tell Ex
Committee that there is nothing nasty or dirty
about this. As a matter of fact, it is kind of
fun.
Last night the Ex Committee decided to
appoint another committee. This time it was
the same committee it appointed last week.
This new committee, however, is different in
scope. It is supposed to do something. The
something it is supposed to do is to do some
thing about the smell. The smell is caused by
dirty politics. The dirty polities, say some,
is caused hv the fact that the Hall and Row
cauei are not organized. They are not organ
ized because they are the spontaneous brain
children of some inspired ward-heelers who
want to elect their candidate. Hut Ex Com
mittee does not want to organize the cauci,
because Ex Committee is afraid that the cauci
will still smell and everybody will know who
did it. Ex Committee says it is afraid that
organized cauci of Hall aiid How will crystal
lize the Hall-How split. Hut the Hall-How split
is caused by the fact that people live in the
Hall and people live in the How. Ex Commit
tee thinks there is something fundamentally
nasty and dirty about this. Hut anybody who
has lived in the Hall or the How can tell Ex
Committee that there is nothing nasty or dirty
about this. As a matter of fact, it is kind of
fun.
Last night the Ex Committee decided to
appoint another committee. This time it was
the same committee it appointed last week.
This new committee, however, is different in
scope. It is supposed to do something. The
something it is supposed to do is to do some
thing about the smell. The smell is caused by
dirty politics. The dirty polities, say some,
is caused hv the fact that the Hall and Row
cauei are not organized. They are not organ
ized because they are the spontaneous brain
children of some inspired ward-heelers who
want to elect their candidate. Hut Ex Com
mittee does not want to organize the cauci,
because Ex Committee is afraid that the cauci
will still smell and everybody will know who
did it. Ex Committee says it is afraid that
organized cauci of Hall aiid How will crystal
lize the Hall-How split. Hut the Hall-How split
is caused by the fact that people live in the
Hall and people live in the How. Ex Commit
tee thinks there is something fundamentally
nasty and dirty about this. Hut anybody who
has lived in the Hall or the How can tell Ex
Committee that there is nothing nasty or dirty
about this. As a matter of fact, it is kind of
fun.
Last night the Ex Committee decided to
appoint another committee. This time it was
the same committee it appointed last week.
This new committee, however, is different in
scope. It is supposed to do something. The
something it is supposed to do is to do some
thing about the smell. The smell is caused by
dirty politics. The dirty polities, say some,
is caused hv the fact that the Hall and Row
cauei are not organized. They are not organ
ized because they are the spontaneous brain
children of some inspired ward-heelers who
want to elect their candidate. Hut Ex Com
mittee does not want to organize the cauci,
because Ex Committee is afraid that the cauci
will still smell and everybody will know who
did it. Ex Committee says it is afraid that
organized cauci of Hall aiid How will crystal
lize the Hall-How split. Hut the Hall-How split
is caused by the fact that people live in the
Hall and people live in the How. Ex Commit
tee thinks there is something fundamentally
nasty and dirty about this. Hut anybody who
has lived in the Hall or the How can tell Ex
Committee that there is nothing nasty or dirty
about this. As a matter of fact, it is kind of
fun.
Last night the Ex Committee decided to
appoint another committee. This time it was
the same committee it appointed last week.
This new committee, however, is different in
scope. It is supposed to do something. The
something it is supposed to do is to do some
thing about the smell. The smell is caused by
dirty politics. The dirty polities, say some,
is caused hv the fact that the Hall and Row
cauei are not organized. They are not organ
ized because they are the spontaneous brain
children of some inspired ward-heelers who
want to elect their candidate. Hut Ex Com
mittee does not want to organize the cauci,
because Ex Committee is afraid that the cauci
will still smell and everybody will know who
did it. Ex Committee says it is afraid that
organized cauci of Hall aiid How will crystal
lize the Hall-How split. Hut the Hall-How split
is caused by the fact that people live in the
Hall and people live in the How. Ex Commit
tee thinks there is something fundamentally
nasty and dirty about this. Hut anybody who
has lived in the Hall or the How can tell Ex
Committee that there is nothing nasty or dirty
about this. As a matter of fact, it is kind of
fun.
Last night the Ex Committee decided to
appoint another committee. This time it was
the same committee it appointed last week.
This new committee, however, is different in
scope. It is supposed to do something. The
something it is supposed to do is to do some
thing about the smell. The smell is caused by
dirty politics. The dirty polities, say some,
is caused hv the fact that the Hall and Row
cauei are not organized. They are not organ
ized because they are the spontaneous brain
children of some inspired ward-heelers who
want to elect their candidate. Hut Ex Com
mittee does not want to organize the cauci,
because Ex Committee is afraid that the cauci
will still smell and everybody will know who
did it. Ex Committee says it is afraid that
organized cauci of Hall aiid How will crystal
lize the Hall-How split. Hut the Hall-How split
is caused by the fact that people live in the
Hall and people live in the How. Ex Commit
tee thinks there is something fundamentally
nasty and dirty about this. Hut anybody who
has lived in the Hall or the How can tell Ex
Committee that there is nothing nasty or dirty
about this. As a matter of fact, it is kind of
fun.
Last night the Ex Committee decided to
appoint another committee. This time it was
the same committee it appointed last week.
This new committee, however, is different in
scope. It is supposed to do something. The
something it is supposed to do is to do some
thing about the smell. The smell is caused by
dirty politics. The dirty polities, say some,
is caused hv the fact that the Hall and Row
cauei are not organized. They are not organ
ized because they are the spontaneous brain
children of some inspired ward-heelers who
want to elect their candidate. Hut Ex Com
mittee does not want to organize the cauci,
because Ex Committee is afraid that the cauci
will still smell and everybody will know who
did it. Ex Committee says it is afraid that
organized cauci of Hall aiid How will crystal
lize the Hall-How split. Hut the Hall-How split
is caused by the fact that people live in the
Hall and people live in the How. Ex Commit
tee thinks there is something fundamentally
nasty and dirty about this. Hut anybody who
has lived in the Hall or the How can tell Ex
Committee that there is nothing nasty or dirty
about this. As a matter of fact, it is kind of
fun.
Last night the Ex Committee decided to
appoint another committee. This time it was
the same committee it appointed last week.
This new committee, however, is different in
scope. It is supposed to do something. The
something it is supposed to do is to do some
thing about the smell. The smell is caused by
dirty politics. The dirty polities, say some,
is caused hv the fact that the Hall and Row
cauei are not organized. They are not organ
ized because they are the spontaneous brain
children of some inspired ward-heelers who
want to elect their candidate. Hut Ex Com
mittee does not want to organize the cauci,
because Ex Committee is afraid that the cauci
will still smell and everybody will know who
did it. Ex Committee says it is afraid that
organized cauci of Hall aiid How will crystal
lize the Hall-How split. Hut the Hall-How split
is caused by the fact that people live in the
Hall and people live in the How. Ex Commit
tee thinks there is something fundamentally
nasty and dirty about this. Hut anybody who
has lived in the Hall or the How can tell Ex
Committee that there is nothing nasty or dirty
about this. As a matter of fact, it is kind of
fun.
Last night the Ex Committee decided to
appoint another committee. This time it was
the same committee it appointed last week.
This new committee, however, is different in
scope. It is supposed to do something. The
something it is supposed to do is to do some
thing about the smell. The smell is caused by
dirty politics. The dirty polities, say some,
is caused hv the fact that the Hall and Row
cauei are not organized. They are not organ
ized because they are the spontaneous brain
children of some inspired ward-heelers who
want to elect their candidate. Hut Ex Com
mittee does not want to organize the cauci,
because Ex Committee is afraid that the cauci
will still smell and everybody will know who
did it. Ex Committee says it is afraid that
organized cauci of Hall aiid How will crystal
lize the Hall-How split. Hut the Hall-How split
is caused by the fact that people live in the
Hall and people live in the How. Ex Commit
tee thinks there is something fundamentally
nasty and dirty about this. Hut anybody who
has lived in the Hall or the How can tell Ex
Committee that there is nothing nasty or dirty
about this. As a matter of fact, it is kind of
fun.
Last night the Ex Committee decided to
appoint another committee. This time it was
the same committee it appointed last week.
This new committee, however, is different in
scope. It is supposed to do something. The
something it is supposed to do is to do some
thing about the smell. The smell is caused by
dirty politics. The dirty polities, say some,
is caused hv the fact that the Hall and Row
cauei are not organized. They are not organ
ized because they are the spontaneous brain
children of some inspired ward-heelers who
want to elect their candidate. Hut Ex Com
mittee does not want to organize the cauci,
because Ex Committee is afraid that the cauci
will still smell and everybody will know who
did it. Ex Committee says it is afraid that
organized cauci of Hall aiid How will crystal
lize the Hall-How split. Hut the Hall-How split
is caused by the fact that people live in the
Hall and people live in the How. Ex Commit
tee thinks there is something fundamentally
nasty and dirty about this. Hut anybody who
has lived in the Hall or the How can tell Ex
Committee that there is nothing nasty or dirty
about this. As a matter of fact, it is kind of
fun.
Last night the Ex Committee decided to
appoint another committee. This time it was
the same committee it appointed last week.
This new committee, however, is different in
scope. It is supposed to do something. The
something it is supposed to do is to do some
thing about the smell. The smell is caused by
dirty politics. The dirty polities, say some,
is caused hv the fact that the Hall and Row
cauei are not organized. They are not organ
ized because they are the spontaneous brain
children of some inspired ward-heelers who
want to elect their candidate. Hut Ex Com
mittee does not want to organize the cauci,
because Ex Committee is afraid that the cauci
will still smell and everybody will know who
did it. Ex Committee says it is afraid that
organized cauci of Hall aiid How will crystal
lize the Hall-How split. Hut the Hall-How split
is caused by the fact that people live in the
Hall and people live in the How. Ex Commit
tee thinks there is something fundamentally
nasty and dirty about this. Hut anybody who
has lived in the Hall or the How can tell Ex
Committee that there is nothing nasty or dirty
about this. As a matter of fact, it is kind of
fun.
Last night the Ex Committee decided to
appoint another committee. This time it was
the same committee it appointed last week.
This new committee, however, is different in
scope. It is supposed to do something. The
something it is supposed to do is to do some
thing about the smell. The smell is caused by
dirty politics. The dirty polities, say some,
is caused hv the fact that the Hall and Row
cauei are not organized. They are not organ
ized because they are the spontaneous brain
children of some inspired ward-heelers who
want to elect their candidate. Hut Ex Com
mittee does not want to organize the cauci,
because Ex Committee is afraid that the cauci
will still smell and everybody will know who
did it. Ex Committee says it is afraid that
organized cauci of Hall aiid How will crystal
lize the Hall-How split. Hut the Hall-How split
is caused by the fact that people live in the
Hall and people live in the How. Ex Commit
tee thinks there is something fundamentally
nasty and dirty about this. Hut anybody who
has lived in the Hall or the How can tell Ex
Committee that there is nothing nasty or dirty
about this. As a matter of fact, it is kind of
fun.
Last night the Ex Committee decided to
appoint another committee. This time it was
the same committee it appointed last week.
This new committee, however, is different in
scope. It is supposed to do something. The
something it is supposed to do is to do some
thing about the smell. The smell is caused by
dirty politics. The dirty polities, say some,
is caused hv the fact that the Hall and Row
cauei are not organized. They are not organ
ized because they are the spontaneous brain
children of some inspired ward-heelers who
want to elect their candidate. Hut Ex Com
mittee does not want to organize the cauci,
because Ex Committee is afraid that the cauci
will still smell and everybody will know who
did it. Ex Committee says it is afraid that
organized cauci of Hall aiid How will crystal
lize the Hall-How split. Hut the Hall-How split
is caused by the fact that people live in the
Hall and people live in the How. Ex Commit
tee thinks there is something fundamentally
nasty and dirty about this. Hut anybody who
has lived in the Hall or the How can tell Ex
Committee that there is nothing nasty or dirty
about this. As a matter of fact, it is kind of
fun.
Last night the Ex Committee decided to
appoint another committee. This time it was
the same committee it appointed last week.
This new committee, however, is different in
scope. It is supposed to do something. The
something it is supposed to do is to do some
thing about the smell. The smell is caused by
dirty politics. The dirty polities, say some,
is caused hv the fact that the Hall and Row
cauei are not organized. They are not organ
ized because they are the spontaneous brain
children of some inspired ward-heelers who
want to elect their candidate. Hut Ex Com
mittee does not want to organize the cauci,
because Ex Committee is afraid that the cauci
will still smell and everybody will know who
did it. Ex Committee says it is afraid that
organized cauci of Hall aiid How will crystal
lize the Hall-How split. Hut the Hall-How split
is caused by the fact that people live in the
Hall and people live in the How. Ex Commit
tee thinks there is something fundamentally
nasty and dirty about this. Hut anybody who
has lived in the Hall or the How can tell Ex
Committee that there is nothing nasty or dirty
about this. As a matter of fact, it is kind of
fun.
