# ALPHA O PLEDGE
## 
### 
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Virginia Clausen, '39.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Virginia Clausen, '39.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Virginia Clausen, '39.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Virginia Clausen, '39.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Virginia Clausen, '39.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Virginia Clausen, '39.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Virginia Clausen, '39.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Virginia Clausen, '39.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Virginia Clausen, '39.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Virginia Clausen, '39.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Virginia Clausen, '39.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Virginia Clausen, '39.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Virginia Clausen, '39.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Virginia Clausen, '39.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Virginia Clausen, '39.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Virginia Clausen, '39.
