# Stockholm Display Set Up at Library
## 
### 
The reference and humanities di- l
vision of the Stanford Library, to
mark the 700 th anniversary of the j
founding of Sweden's capital city, j
has set up a display entitled "Stock
holm. 1253-1953" in the lower and '
upper foyers of the main library.
The reference and humanities di- l
vision of the Stanford Library, to
mark the 700 th anniversary of the j
founding of Sweden's capital city, j
has set up a display entitled "Stock
holm. 1253-1953" in the lower and '
upper foyers of the main library.
The reference and humanities di- l
vision of the Stanford Library, to
mark the 700 th anniversary of the j
founding of Sweden's capital city, j
has set up a display entitled "Stock
holm. 1253-1953" in the lower and '
upper foyers of the main library.
The reference and humanities di- l
vision of the Stanford Library, to
mark the 700 th anniversary of the j
founding of Sweden's capital city, j
has set up a display entitled "Stock
holm. 1253-1953" in the lower and '
upper foyers of the main library.
The reference and humanities di- l
vision of the Stanford Library, to
mark the 700 th anniversary of the j
founding of Sweden's capital city, j
has set up a display entitled "Stock
holm. 1253-1953" in the lower and '
upper foyers of the main library.
The reference and humanities di- l
vision of the Stanford Library, to
mark the 700 th anniversary of the j
founding of Sweden's capital city, j
has set up a display entitled "Stock
holm. 1253-1953" in the lower and '
upper foyers of the main library.
The reference and humanities di- l
vision of the Stanford Library, to
mark the 700 th anniversary of the j
founding of Sweden's capital city, j
has set up a display entitled "Stock
holm. 1253-1953" in the lower and '
upper foyers of the main library.
The reference and humanities di- l
vision of the Stanford Library, to
mark the 700 th anniversary of the j
founding of Sweden's capital city, j
has set up a display entitled "Stock
holm. 1253-1953" in the lower and '
upper foyers of the main library.
The reference and humanities di- l
vision of the Stanford Library, to
mark the 700 th anniversary of the j
founding of Sweden's capital city, j
has set up a display entitled "Stock
holm. 1253-1953" in the lower and '
upper foyers of the main library.
The reference and humanities di- l
vision of the Stanford Library, to
mark the 700 th anniversary of the j
founding of Sweden's capital city, j
has set up a display entitled "Stock
holm. 1253-1953" in the lower and '
upper foyers of the main library.
The reference and humanities di- l
vision of the Stanford Library, to
mark the 700 th anniversary of the j
founding of Sweden's capital city, j
has set up a display entitled "Stock
holm. 1253-1953" in the lower and '
upper foyers of the main library.
The reference and humanities di- l
vision of the Stanford Library, to
mark the 700 th anniversary of the j
founding of Sweden's capital city, j
has set up a display entitled "Stock
holm. 1253-1953" in the lower and '
upper foyers of the main library.
The reference and humanities di- l
vision of the Stanford Library, to
mark the 700 th anniversary of the j
founding of Sweden's capital city, j
has set up a display entitled "Stock
holm. 1253-1953" in the lower and '
upper foyers of the main library.
