# Vaccination Slips Due
## 
### 
Vaccination certificates are due
now at the Registrar's oilicc for
all new students.
Students who fail to file certifi
cates within a month of the open
in" of school will be fined.
Vaccination certificates are due
now at the Registrar's oilicc for
all new students.
Students who fail to file certifi
cates within a month of the open
in" of school will be fined.
Vaccination certificates are due
now at the Registrar's oilicc for
all new students.
Students who fail to file certifi
cates within a month of the open
in" of school will be fined.
Vaccination certificates are due
now at the Registrar's oilicc for
all new students.
Students who fail to file certifi
cates within a month of the open
in" of school will be fined.
Vaccination certificates are due
now at the Registrar's oilicc for
all new students.
Students who fail to file certifi
cates within a month of the open
in" of school will be fined.
Vaccination certificates are due
now at the Registrar's oilicc for
all new students.
Students who fail to file certifi
cates within a month of the open
in" of school will be fined.
Vaccination certificates are due
now at the Registrar's oilicc for
all new students.
Students who fail to file certifi
cates within a month of the open
in" of school will be fined.
Vaccination certificates are due
now at the Registrar's oilicc for
all new students.
Students who fail to file certifi
cates within a month of the open
in" of school will be fined.
Vaccination certificates are due
now at the Registrar's oilicc for
all new students.
Students who fail to file certifi
cates within a month of the open
in" of school will be fined.
Vaccination certificates are due
now at the Registrar's oilicc for
all new students.
Students who fail to file certifi
cates within a month of the open
in" of school will be fined.
Vaccination certificates are due
now at the Registrar's oilicc for
all new students.
Students who fail to file certifi
cates within a month of the open
in" of school will be fined.
Vaccination certificates are due
now at the Registrar's oilicc for
all new students.
Students who fail to file certifi
cates within a month of the open
in" of school will be fined.
Vaccination certificates are due
now at the Registrar's oilicc for
all new students.
Students who fail to file certifi
cates within a month of the open
in" of school will be fined.
