# ORGAN RECITAL
## 
### 
Herbert B. Nanney, University
organist, will play selections from
Buxtehude. Franck, and Bach at his
weekly recital in Memorial Church
this Thursdav beginning at 4:15 p.m.
Herbert B. Nanney, University
organist, will play selections from
Buxtehude. Franck, and Bach at his
weekly recital in Memorial Church
this Thursdav beginning at 4:15 p.m.
Herbert B. Nanney, University
organist, will play selections from
Buxtehude. Franck, and Bach at his
weekly recital in Memorial Church
this Thursdav beginning at 4:15 p.m.
Herbert B. Nanney, University
organist, will play selections from
Buxtehude. Franck, and Bach at his
weekly recital in Memorial Church
this Thursdav beginning at 4:15 p.m.
Herbert B. Nanney, University
organist, will play selections from
Buxtehude. Franck, and Bach at his
weekly recital in Memorial Church
this Thursdav beginning at 4:15 p.m.
Herbert B. Nanney, University
organist, will play selections from
Buxtehude. Franck, and Bach at his
weekly recital in Memorial Church
this Thursdav beginning at 4:15 p.m.
Herbert B. Nanney, University
organist, will play selections from
Buxtehude. Franck, and Bach at his
weekly recital in Memorial Church
this Thursdav beginning at 4:15 p.m.
Herbert B. Nanney, University
organist, will play selections from
Buxtehude. Franck, and Bach at his
weekly recital in Memorial Church
this Thursdav beginning at 4:15 p.m.
Herbert B. Nanney, University
organist, will play selections from
Buxtehude. Franck, and Bach at his
weekly recital in Memorial Church
this Thursdav beginning at 4:15 p.m.
Herbert B. Nanney, University
organist, will play selections from
Buxtehude. Franck, and Bach at his
weekly recital in Memorial Church
this Thursdav beginning at 4:15 p.m.
Herbert B. Nanney, University
organist, will play selections from
Buxtehude. Franck, and Bach at his
weekly recital in Memorial Church
this Thursdav beginning at 4:15 p.m.
Herbert B. Nanney, University
organist, will play selections from
Buxtehude. Franck, and Bach at his
weekly recital in Memorial Church
this Thursdav beginning at 4:15 p.m.
Herbert B. Nanney, University
organist, will play selections from
Buxtehude. Franck, and Bach at his
weekly recital in Memorial Church
this Thursdav beginning at 4:15 p.m.
