# Adv. 79 Page 35
## 
### 
and the easterly wind circled the
room and went out, carrying across
the dock and out onto the water
most of the balloons. Chucky F.wing
went running out after the balloons,
and when he saw them pass the dock
and settle on the water, he took off
his football uniform and dove in.
Then Eric Auerbach dove in and
Lew Phillips dove in and I dove in,
and you know how it is at a party
after midnight when people start
jumping into the water." — J.
Cheever
"She thought that the inadequacy of
their goodbye would haunt him too,
and that he might send her a post
card as elaboration." — L. Moore
"This is how you smile to someone
you don't like too much; this is how
you smile to someone you don't like
at all; this is how you smile to some
one you like completely." — J. Kin
caid
and the easterly wind circled the
room and went out, carrying across
the dock and out onto the water
most of the balloons. Chucky F.wing
went running out after the balloons,
and when he saw them pass the dock
and settle on the water, he took off
his football uniform and dove in.
Then Eric Auerbach dove in and
Lew Phillips dove in and I dove in,
and you know how it is at a party
after midnight when people start
jumping into the water." — J.
Cheever
"She thought that the inadequacy of
their goodbye would haunt him too,
and that he might send her a post
card as elaboration." — L. Moore
"This is how you smile to someone
you don't like too much; this is how
you smile to someone you don't like
at all; this is how you smile to some
one you like completely." — J. Kin
caid
and the easterly wind circled the
room and went out, carrying across
the dock and out onto the water
most of the balloons. Chucky F.wing
went running out after the balloons,
and when he saw them pass the dock
and settle on the water, he took off
his football uniform and dove in.
Then Eric Auerbach dove in and
Lew Phillips dove in and I dove in,
and you know how it is at a party
after midnight when people start
jumping into the water." — J.
Cheever
"She thought that the inadequacy of
their goodbye would haunt him too,
and that he might send her a post
card as elaboration." — L. Moore
"This is how you smile to someone
you don't like too much; this is how
you smile to someone you don't like
at all; this is how you smile to some
one you like completely." — J. Kin
caid
and the easterly wind circled the
room and went out, carrying across
the dock and out onto the water
most of the balloons. Chucky F.wing
went running out after the balloons,
and when he saw them pass the dock
and settle on the water, he took off
his football uniform and dove in.
Then Eric Auerbach dove in and
Lew Phillips dove in and I dove in,
and you know how it is at a party
after midnight when people start
jumping into the water." — J.
Cheever
"She thought that the inadequacy of
their goodbye would haunt him too,
and that he might send her a post
card as elaboration." — L. Moore
"This is how you smile to someone
you don't like too much; this is how
you smile to someone you don't like
at all; this is how you smile to some
one you like completely." — J. Kin
caid
and the easterly wind circled the
room and went out, carrying across
the dock and out onto the water
most of the balloons. Chucky F.wing
went running out after the balloons,
and when he saw them pass the dock
and settle on the water, he took off
his football uniform and dove in.
Then Eric Auerbach dove in and
Lew Phillips dove in and I dove in,
and you know how it is at a party
after midnight when people start
jumping into the water." — J.
Cheever
"She thought that the inadequacy of
their goodbye would haunt him too,
and that he might send her a post
card as elaboration." — L. Moore
"This is how you smile to someone
you don't like too much; this is how
you smile to someone you don't like
at all; this is how you smile to some
one you like completely." — J. Kin
caid
