# Adv. 18 Page 3
## 
### 
' TRY 0,,R
(XASSIVI EI )S
• riic y\c plenty oil the hnll
• Lots of ilrive
• Aihl sure lo follow through
to
RESULTS
THE STANFORD DAILY
Honrs 1-4 Dial 4717
' TRY 0,,R
(XASSIVI EI )S
• riic y\c plenty oil the hnll
• Lots of ilrive
• Aihl sure lo follow through
to
RESULTS
THE STANFORD DAILY
Honrs 1-4 Dial 4717
' TRY 0,,R
(XASSIVI EI )S
• riic y\c plenty oil the hnll
• Lots of ilrive
• Aihl sure lo follow through
to
RESULTS
THE STANFORD DAILY
Honrs 1-4 Dial 4717
' TRY 0,,R
(XASSIVI EI )S
• riic y\c plenty oil the hnll
• Lots of ilrive
• Aihl sure lo follow through
to
RESULTS
THE STANFORD DAILY
Honrs 1-4 Dial 4717
' TRY 0,,R
(XASSIVI EI )S
• riic y\c plenty oil the hnll
• Lots of ilrive
• Aihl sure lo follow through
to
RESULTS
THE STANFORD DAILY
Honrs 1-4 Dial 4717
' TRY 0,,R
(XASSIVI EI )S
• riic y\c plenty oil the hnll
• Lots of ilrive
• Aihl sure lo follow through
to
RESULTS
THE STANFORD DAILY
Honrs 1-4 Dial 4717
' TRY 0,,R
(XASSIVI EI )S
• riic y\c plenty oil the hnll
• Lots of ilrive
• Aihl sure lo follow through
to
RESULTS
THE STANFORD DAILY
Honrs 1-4 Dial 4717
' TRY 0,,R
(XASSIVI EI )S
• riic y\c plenty oil the hnll
• Lots of ilrive
• Aihl sure lo follow through
to
RESULTS
THE STANFORD DAILY
Honrs 1-4 Dial 4717
' TRY 0,,R
(XASSIVI EI )S
• riic y\c plenty oil the hnll
• Lots of ilrive
• Aihl sure lo follow through
to
RESULTS
THE STANFORD DAILY
Honrs 1-4 Dial 4717
' TRY 0,,R
(XASSIVI EI )S
• riic y\c plenty oil the hnll
• Lots of ilrive
• Aihl sure lo follow through
to
RESULTS
THE STANFORD DAILY
Honrs 1-4 Dial 4717
' TRY 0,,R
(XASSIVI EI )S
• riic y\c plenty oil the hnll
• Lots of ilrive
• Aihl sure lo follow through
to
RESULTS
THE STANFORD DAILY
Honrs 1-4 Dial 4717
' TRY 0,,R
(XASSIVI EI )S
• riic y\c plenty oil the hnll
• Lots of ilrive
• Aihl sure lo follow through
to
RESULTS
THE STANFORD DAILY
Honrs 1-4 Dial 4717
' TRY 0,,R
(XASSIVI EI )S
• riic y\c plenty oil the hnll
• Lots of ilrive
• Aihl sure lo follow through
to
RESULTS
THE STANFORD DAILY
Honrs 1-4 Dial 4717
' TRY 0,,R
(XASSIVI EI )S
• riic y\c plenty oil the hnll
• Lots of ilrive
• Aihl sure lo follow through
to
RESULTS
THE STANFORD DAILY
Honrs 1-4 Dial 4717
' TRY 0,,R
(XASSIVI EI )S
• riic y\c plenty oil the hnll
• Lots of ilrive
• Aihl sure lo follow through
to
RESULTS
THE STANFORD DAILY
Honrs 1-4 Dial 4717
' TRY 0,,R
(XASSIVI EI )S
• riic y\c plenty oil the hnll
• Lots of ilrive
• Aihl sure lo follow through
to
RESULTS
THE STANFORD DAILY
Honrs 1-4 Dial 4717
' TRY 0,,R
(XASSIVI EI )S
• riic y\c plenty oil the hnll
• Lots of ilrive
• Aihl sure lo follow through
to
RESULTS
THE STANFORD DAILY
Honrs 1-4 Dial 4717
