# The 						Stanford Daily Sports
## STUDY IN RHYTHM AND POWER 
### 

AS THE TIME DRAWS NEAR for California and Poughkeepsie regattas, University of Washington oars
men show rhythm and power in their Lake Washington workouts. The Huskies are coached by A1 Ul
hrickson.

AS THE TIME DRAWS NEAR for California and Poughkeepsie regattas, University of Washington oars
men show rhythm and power in their Lake Washington workouts. The Huskies are coached by A1 Ul
hrickson.

AS THE TIME DRAWS NEAR for California and Poughkeepsie regattas, University of Washington oars
men show rhythm and power in their Lake Washington workouts. The Huskies are coached by A1 Ul
hrickson.

AS THE TIME DRAWS NEAR for California and Poughkeepsie regattas, University of Washington oars
men show rhythm and power in their Lake Washington workouts. The Huskies are coached by A1 Ul
hrickson.

AS THE TIME DRAWS NEAR for California and Poughkeepsie regattas, University of Washington oars
men show rhythm and power in their Lake Washington workouts. The Huskies are coached by A1 Ul
hrickson.

AS THE TIME DRAWS NEAR for California and Poughkeepsie regattas, University of Washington oars
men show rhythm and power in their Lake Washington workouts. The Huskies are coached by A1 Ul
hrickson.

AS THE TIME DRAWS NEAR for California and Poughkeepsie regattas, University of Washington oars
men show rhythm and power in their Lake Washington workouts. The Huskies are coached by A1 Ul
hrickson.

AS THE TIME DRAWS NEAR for California and Poughkeepsie regattas, University of Washington oars
men show rhythm and power in their Lake Washington workouts. The Huskies are coached by A1 Ul
hrickson.

AS THE TIME DRAWS NEAR for California and Poughkeepsie regattas, University of Washington oars
men show rhythm and power in their Lake Washington workouts. The Huskies are coached by A1 Ul
hrickson.

AS THE TIME DRAWS NEAR for California and Poughkeepsie regattas, University of Washington oars
men show rhythm and power in their Lake Washington workouts. The Huskies are coached by A1 Ul
hrickson.

AS THE TIME DRAWS NEAR for California and Poughkeepsie regattas, University of Washington oars
men show rhythm and power in their Lake Washington workouts. The Huskies are coached by A1 Ul
hrickson.

AS THE TIME DRAWS NEAR for California and Poughkeepsie regattas, University of Washington oars
men show rhythm and power in their Lake Washington workouts. The Huskies are coached by A1 Ul
hrickson.

AS THE TIME DRAWS NEAR for California and Poughkeepsie regattas, University of Washington oars
men show rhythm and power in their Lake Washington workouts. The Huskies are coached by A1 Ul
hrickson.

AS THE TIME DRAWS NEAR for California and Poughkeepsie regattas, University of Washington oars
men show rhythm and power in their Lake Washington workouts. The Huskies are coached by A1 Ul
hrickson.

AS THE TIME DRAWS NEAR for California and Poughkeepsie regattas, University of Washington oars
men show rhythm and power in their Lake Washington workouts. The Huskies are coached by A1 Ul
hrickson.

AS THE TIME DRAWS NEAR for California and Poughkeepsie regattas, University of Washington oars
men show rhythm and power in their Lake Washington workouts. The Huskies are coached by A1 Ul
hrickson.

AS THE TIME DRAWS NEAR for California and Poughkeepsie regattas, University of Washington oars
men show rhythm and power in their Lake Washington workouts. The Huskies are coached by A1 Ul
hrickson.
