# MILLS-STANFORD GAMES POSTPONED FOR WEEK
## 
### 
The games scheduled for Saturday be
tween the women's basketball teams of
Stanford and Mills College have been
postponed a week or more. An influenza
quarantine has been placed on the Mills
women, making it impossible for them to
come to Stanford. Plans are being for
mulated for the playing of games next
week.
Stanford women will take advantage
of the extended period of practice and
will go through strong workouts every
day next week.
The games scheduled for Saturday be
tween the women's basketball teams of
Stanford and Mills College have been
postponed a week or more. An influenza
quarantine has been placed on the Mills
women, making it impossible for them to
come to Stanford. Plans are being for
mulated for the playing of games next
week.
Stanford women will take advantage
of the extended period of practice and
will go through strong workouts every
day next week.
The games scheduled for Saturday be
tween the women's basketball teams of
Stanford and Mills College have been
postponed a week or more. An influenza
quarantine has been placed on the Mills
women, making it impossible for them to
come to Stanford. Plans are being for
mulated for the playing of games next
week.
Stanford women will take advantage
of the extended period of practice and
will go through strong workouts every
day next week.
The games scheduled for Saturday be
tween the women's basketball teams of
Stanford and Mills College have been
postponed a week or more. An influenza
quarantine has been placed on the Mills
women, making it impossible for them to
come to Stanford. Plans are being for
mulated for the playing of games next
week.
Stanford women will take advantage
of the extended period of practice and
will go through strong workouts every
day next week.
The games scheduled for Saturday be
tween the women's basketball teams of
Stanford and Mills College have been
postponed a week or more. An influenza
quarantine has been placed on the Mills
women, making it impossible for them to
come to Stanford. Plans are being for
mulated for the playing of games next
week.
Stanford women will take advantage
of the extended period of practice and
will go through strong workouts every
day next week.
The games scheduled for Saturday be
tween the women's basketball teams of
Stanford and Mills College have been
postponed a week or more. An influenza
quarantine has been placed on the Mills
women, making it impossible for them to
come to Stanford. Plans are being for
mulated for the playing of games next
week.
Stanford women will take advantage
of the extended period of practice and
will go through strong workouts every
day next week.
The games scheduled for Saturday be
tween the women's basketball teams of
Stanford and Mills College have been
postponed a week or more. An influenza
quarantine has been placed on the Mills
women, making it impossible for them to
come to Stanford. Plans are being for
mulated for the playing of games next
week.
Stanford women will take advantage
of the extended period of practice and
will go through strong workouts every
day next week.
The games scheduled for Saturday be
tween the women's basketball teams of
Stanford and Mills College have been
postponed a week or more. An influenza
quarantine has been placed on the Mills
women, making it impossible for them to
come to Stanford. Plans are being for
mulated for the playing of games next
week.
Stanford women will take advantage
of the extended period of practice and
will go through strong workouts every
day next week.
The games scheduled for Saturday be
tween the women's basketball teams of
Stanford and Mills College have been
postponed a week or more. An influenza
quarantine has been placed on the Mills
women, making it impossible for them to
come to Stanford. Plans are being for
mulated for the playing of games next
week.
Stanford women will take advantage
of the extended period of practice and
will go through strong workouts every
day next week.
The games scheduled for Saturday be
tween the women's basketball teams of
Stanford and Mills College have been
postponed a week or more. An influenza
quarantine has been placed on the Mills
women, making it impossible for them to
come to Stanford. Plans are being for
mulated for the playing of games next
week.
Stanford women will take advantage
of the extended period of practice and
will go through strong workouts every
day next week.
The games scheduled for Saturday be
tween the women's basketball teams of
Stanford and Mills College have been
postponed a week or more. An influenza
quarantine has been placed on the Mills
women, making it impossible for them to
come to Stanford. Plans are being for
mulated for the playing of games next
week.
Stanford women will take advantage
of the extended period of practice and
will go through strong workouts every
day next week.
The games scheduled for Saturday be
tween the women's basketball teams of
Stanford and Mills College have been
postponed a week or more. An influenza
quarantine has been placed on the Mills
women, making it impossible for them to
come to Stanford. Plans are being for
mulated for the playing of games next
week.
Stanford women will take advantage
of the extended period of practice and
will go through strong workouts every
day next week.
The games scheduled for Saturday be
tween the women's basketball teams of
Stanford and Mills College have been
postponed a week or more. An influenza
quarantine has been placed on the Mills
women, making it impossible for them to
come to Stanford. Plans are being for
mulated for the playing of games next
week.
Stanford women will take advantage
of the extended period of practice and
will go through strong workouts every
day next week.
The games scheduled for Saturday be
tween the women's basketball teams of
Stanford and Mills College have been
postponed a week or more. An influenza
quarantine has been placed on the Mills
women, making it impossible for them to
come to Stanford. Plans are being for
mulated for the playing of games next
week.
Stanford women will take advantage
of the extended period of practice and
will go through strong workouts every
day next week.
