# Strawberry Canyon Site is Definitely Selected by U.C.
## 
### 
Strawberry Canyon on the Berkeley
campus has definitely been chosen as
the site for California's stadium. The
Comptroller has been authorized by the
Board of Regents to go ahead with the
new program. The stadium will be an
elliptical bowl with a seating capacity
of 70,000. Construction will cost ap
proximately $800,000. This does not
include a f<*w small sections of land
which will have to be purchased.
It is hoped by the California authori
ties to have the stadium ready for the
Big Game this coming fall. Xo con
tracts for construction have been let
as yet. however.
The bowl when completed will ex
tend over twenty-two acres, including
the memorial gateway and a thirty-foot
drive around the top of the field. The
center of the playing field will be not
more than 365 feet from the end bleach
ers. The Canyon road will be extended
so that automobiles can drive around
the esplanade and exit by way of the
Greek Theatre road.
Strawberry Canyon on the Berkeley
campus has definitely been chosen as
the site for California's stadium. The
Comptroller has been authorized by the
Board of Regents to go ahead with the
new program. The stadium will be an
elliptical bowl with a seating capacity
of 70,000. Construction will cost ap
proximately $800,000. This does not
include a f<*w small sections of land
which will have to be purchased.
It is hoped by the California authori
ties to have the stadium ready for the
Big Game this coming fall. Xo con
tracts for construction have been let
as yet. however.
The bowl when completed will ex
tend over twenty-two acres, including
the memorial gateway and a thirty-foot
drive around the top of the field. The
center of the playing field will be not
more than 365 feet from the end bleach
ers. The Canyon road will be extended
so that automobiles can drive around
the esplanade and exit by way of the
Greek Theatre road.
Strawberry Canyon on the Berkeley
campus has definitely been chosen as
the site for California's stadium. The
Comptroller has been authorized by the
Board of Regents to go ahead with the
new program. The stadium will be an
elliptical bowl with a seating capacity
of 70,000. Construction will cost ap
proximately $800,000. This does not
include a f<*w small sections of land
which will have to be purchased.
It is hoped by the California authori
ties to have the stadium ready for the
Big Game this coming fall. Xo con
tracts for construction have been let
as yet. however.
The bowl when completed will ex
tend over twenty-two acres, including
the memorial gateway and a thirty-foot
drive around the top of the field. The
center of the playing field will be not
more than 365 feet from the end bleach
ers. The Canyon road will be extended
so that automobiles can drive around
the esplanade and exit by way of the
Greek Theatre road.
Strawberry Canyon on the Berkeley
campus has definitely been chosen as
the site for California's stadium. The
Comptroller has been authorized by the
Board of Regents to go ahead with the
new program. The stadium will be an
elliptical bowl with a seating capacity
of 70,000. Construction will cost ap
proximately $800,000. This does not
include a f<*w small sections of land
which will have to be purchased.
It is hoped by the California authori
ties to have the stadium ready for the
Big Game this coming fall. Xo con
tracts for construction have been let
as yet. however.
The bowl when completed will ex
tend over twenty-two acres, including
the memorial gateway and a thirty-foot
drive around the top of the field. The
center of the playing field will be not
more than 365 feet from the end bleach
ers. The Canyon road will be extended
so that automobiles can drive around
the esplanade and exit by way of the
Greek Theatre road.
Strawberry Canyon on the Berkeley
campus has definitely been chosen as
the site for California's stadium. The
Comptroller has been authorized by the
Board of Regents to go ahead with the
new program. The stadium will be an
elliptical bowl with a seating capacity
of 70,000. Construction will cost ap
proximately $800,000. This does not
include a f<*w small sections of land
which will have to be purchased.
It is hoped by the California authori
ties to have the stadium ready for the
Big Game this coming fall. Xo con
tracts for construction have been let
as yet. however.
The bowl when completed will ex
tend over twenty-two acres, including
the memorial gateway and a thirty-foot
drive around the top of the field. The
center of the playing field will be not
more than 365 feet from the end bleach
ers. The Canyon road will be extended
so that automobiles can drive around
the esplanade and exit by way of the
Greek Theatre road.
Strawberry Canyon on the Berkeley
campus has definitely been chosen as
the site for California's stadium. The
Comptroller has been authorized by the
Board of Regents to go ahead with the
new program. The stadium will be an
elliptical bowl with a seating capacity
of 70,000. Construction will cost ap
proximately $800,000. This does not
include a f<*w small sections of land
which will have to be purchased.
It is hoped by the California authori
ties to have the stadium ready for the
Big Game this coming fall. Xo con
tracts for construction have been let
as yet. however.
The bowl when completed will ex
tend over twenty-two acres, including
the memorial gateway and a thirty-foot
drive around the top of the field. The
center of the playing field will be not
more than 365 feet from the end bleach
ers. The Canyon road will be extended
so that automobiles can drive around
the esplanade and exit by way of the
Greek Theatre road.
Strawberry Canyon on the Berkeley
campus has definitely been chosen as
the site for California's stadium. The
Comptroller has been authorized by the
Board of Regents to go ahead with the
new program. The stadium will be an
elliptical bowl with a seating capacity
of 70,000. Construction will cost ap
proximately $800,000. This does not
include a f<*w small sections of land
which will have to be purchased.
It is hoped by the California authori
ties to have the stadium ready for the
Big Game this coming fall. Xo con
tracts for construction have been let
as yet. however.
The bowl when completed will ex
tend over twenty-two acres, including
the memorial gateway and a thirty-foot
drive around the top of the field. The
center of the playing field will be not
more than 365 feet from the end bleach
ers. The Canyon road will be extended
so that automobiles can drive around
the esplanade and exit by way of the
Greek Theatre road.
Strawberry Canyon on the Berkeley
campus has definitely been chosen as
the site for California's stadium. The
Comptroller has been authorized by the
Board of Regents to go ahead with the
new program. The stadium will be an
elliptical bowl with a seating capacity
of 70,000. Construction will cost ap
proximately $800,000. This does not
include a f<*w small sections of land
which will have to be purchased.
It is hoped by the California authori
ties to have the stadium ready for the
Big Game this coming fall. Xo con
tracts for construction have been let
as yet. however.
The bowl when completed will ex
tend over twenty-two acres, including
the memorial gateway and a thirty-foot
drive around the top of the field. The
center of the playing field will be not
more than 365 feet from the end bleach
ers. The Canyon road will be extended
so that automobiles can drive around
the esplanade and exit by way of the
Greek Theatre road.
Strawberry Canyon on the Berkeley
campus has definitely been chosen as
the site for California's stadium. The
Comptroller has been authorized by the
Board of Regents to go ahead with the
new program. The stadium will be an
elliptical bowl with a seating capacity
of 70,000. Construction will cost ap
proximately $800,000. This does not
include a f<*w small sections of land
which will have to be purchased.
It is hoped by the California authori
ties to have the stadium ready for the
Big Game this coming fall. Xo con
tracts for construction have been let
as yet. however.
The bowl when completed will ex
tend over twenty-two acres, including
the memorial gateway and a thirty-foot
drive around the top of the field. The
center of the playing field will be not
more than 365 feet from the end bleach
ers. The Canyon road will be extended
so that automobiles can drive around
the esplanade and exit by way of the
Greek Theatre road.
Strawberry Canyon on the Berkeley
campus has definitely been chosen as
the site for California's stadium. The
Comptroller has been authorized by the
Board of Regents to go ahead with the
new program. The stadium will be an
elliptical bowl with a seating capacity
of 70,000. Construction will cost ap
proximately $800,000. This does not
include a f<*w small sections of land
which will have to be purchased.
It is hoped by the California authori
ties to have the stadium ready for the
Big Game this coming fall. Xo con
tracts for construction have been let
as yet. however.
The bowl when completed will ex
tend over twenty-two acres, including
the memorial gateway and a thirty-foot
drive around the top of the field. The
center of the playing field will be not
more than 365 feet from the end bleach
ers. The Canyon road will be extended
so that automobiles can drive around
the esplanade and exit by way of the
Greek Theatre road.
Strawberry Canyon on the Berkeley
campus has definitely been chosen as
the site for California's stadium. The
Comptroller has been authorized by the
Board of Regents to go ahead with the
new program. The stadium will be an
elliptical bowl with a seating capacity
of 70,000. Construction will cost ap
proximately $800,000. This does not
include a f<*w small sections of land
which will have to be purchased.
It is hoped by the California authori
ties to have the stadium ready for the
Big Game this coming fall. Xo con
tracts for construction have been let
as yet. however.
The bowl when completed will ex
tend over twenty-two acres, including
the memorial gateway and a thirty-foot
drive around the top of the field. The
center of the playing field will be not
more than 365 feet from the end bleach
ers. The Canyon road will be extended
so that automobiles can drive around
the esplanade and exit by way of the
Greek Theatre road.
Strawberry Canyon on the Berkeley
campus has definitely been chosen as
the site for California's stadium. The
Comptroller has been authorized by the
Board of Regents to go ahead with the
new program. The stadium will be an
elliptical bowl with a seating capacity
of 70,000. Construction will cost ap
proximately $800,000. This does not
include a f<*w small sections of land
which will have to be purchased.
It is hoped by the California authori
ties to have the stadium ready for the
Big Game this coming fall. Xo con
tracts for construction have been let
as yet. however.
The bowl when completed will ex
tend over twenty-two acres, including
the memorial gateway and a thirty-foot
drive around the top of the field. The
center of the playing field will be not
more than 365 feet from the end bleach
ers. The Canyon road will be extended
so that automobiles can drive around
the esplanade and exit by way of the
Greek Theatre road.
Strawberry Canyon on the Berkeley
campus has definitely been chosen as
the site for California's stadium. The
Comptroller has been authorized by the
Board of Regents to go ahead with the
new program. The stadium will be an
elliptical bowl with a seating capacity
of 70,000. Construction will cost ap
proximately $800,000. This does not
include a f<*w small sections of land
which will have to be purchased.
It is hoped by the California authori
ties to have the stadium ready for the
Big Game this coming fall. Xo con
tracts for construction have been let
as yet. however.
The bowl when completed will ex
tend over twenty-two acres, including
the memorial gateway and a thirty-foot
drive around the top of the field. The
center of the playing field will be not
more than 365 feet from the end bleach
ers. The Canyon road will be extended
so that automobiles can drive around
the esplanade and exit by way of the
Greek Theatre road.
Strawberry Canyon on the Berkeley
campus has definitely been chosen as
the site for California's stadium. The
Comptroller has been authorized by the
Board of Regents to go ahead with the
new program. The stadium will be an
elliptical bowl with a seating capacity
of 70,000. Construction will cost ap
proximately $800,000. This does not
include a f<*w small sections of land
which will have to be purchased.
It is hoped by the California authori
ties to have the stadium ready for the
Big Game this coming fall. Xo con
tracts for construction have been let
as yet. however.
The bowl when completed will ex
tend over twenty-two acres, including
the memorial gateway and a thirty-foot
drive around the top of the field. The
center of the playing field will be not
more than 365 feet from the end bleach
ers. The Canyon road will be extended
so that automobiles can drive around
the esplanade and exit by way of the
Greek Theatre road.
