# Tankmen Drill For Tough Meets
## 
### 
In preparation for two of the
toughest meets in their respective
schedules, the Curd frosh and var
sity swimmers are going into a week
of stiff practice.
The varsity is slated to meet tho
strong Olympic Club team from
Fullerton, whith usually in past
years has taken on Stanford's var
sities and given them stiff battles.
Both meets will be in the Encina
Pools, the i'rosh meet to start at 4
o'clock Friday afternoon, and the
varsity, Saturday afternoon at 2
o'clock. They will be open to the
public with no admission charge.
In preparation for two of the
toughest meets in their respective
schedules, the Curd frosh and var
sity swimmers are going into a week
of stiff practice.
The varsity is slated to meet tho
strong Olympic Club team from
Fullerton, whith usually in past
years has taken on Stanford's var
sities and given them stiff battles.
Both meets will be in the Encina
Pools, the i'rosh meet to start at 4
o'clock Friday afternoon, and the
varsity, Saturday afternoon at 2
o'clock. They will be open to the
public with no admission charge.
In preparation for two of the
toughest meets in their respective
schedules, the Curd frosh and var
sity swimmers are going into a week
of stiff practice.
The varsity is slated to meet tho
strong Olympic Club team from
Fullerton, whith usually in past
years has taken on Stanford's var
sities and given them stiff battles.
Both meets will be in the Encina
Pools, the i'rosh meet to start at 4
o'clock Friday afternoon, and the
varsity, Saturday afternoon at 2
o'clock. They will be open to the
public with no admission charge.
In preparation for two of the
toughest meets in their respective
schedules, the Curd frosh and var
sity swimmers are going into a week
of stiff practice.
The varsity is slated to meet tho
strong Olympic Club team from
Fullerton, whith usually in past
years has taken on Stanford's var
sities and given them stiff battles.
Both meets will be in the Encina
Pools, the i'rosh meet to start at 4
o'clock Friday afternoon, and the
varsity, Saturday afternoon at 2
o'clock. They will be open to the
public with no admission charge.
In preparation for two of the
toughest meets in their respective
schedules, the Curd frosh and var
sity swimmers are going into a week
of stiff practice.
The varsity is slated to meet tho
strong Olympic Club team from
Fullerton, whith usually in past
years has taken on Stanford's var
sities and given them stiff battles.
Both meets will be in the Encina
Pools, the i'rosh meet to start at 4
o'clock Friday afternoon, and the
varsity, Saturday afternoon at 2
o'clock. They will be open to the
public with no admission charge.
In preparation for two of the
toughest meets in their respective
schedules, the Curd frosh and var
sity swimmers are going into a week
of stiff practice.
The varsity is slated to meet tho
strong Olympic Club team from
Fullerton, whith usually in past
years has taken on Stanford's var
sities and given them stiff battles.
Both meets will be in the Encina
Pools, the i'rosh meet to start at 4
o'clock Friday afternoon, and the
varsity, Saturday afternoon at 2
o'clock. They will be open to the
public with no admission charge.
In preparation for two of the
toughest meets in their respective
schedules, the Curd frosh and var
sity swimmers are going into a week
of stiff practice.
The varsity is slated to meet tho
strong Olympic Club team from
Fullerton, whith usually in past
years has taken on Stanford's var
sities and given them stiff battles.
Both meets will be in the Encina
Pools, the i'rosh meet to start at 4
o'clock Friday afternoon, and the
varsity, Saturday afternoon at 2
o'clock. They will be open to the
public with no admission charge.
In preparation for two of the
toughest meets in their respective
schedules, the Curd frosh and var
sity swimmers are going into a week
of stiff practice.
The varsity is slated to meet tho
strong Olympic Club team from
Fullerton, whith usually in past
years has taken on Stanford's var
sities and given them stiff battles.
Both meets will be in the Encina
Pools, the i'rosh meet to start at 4
o'clock Friday afternoon, and the
varsity, Saturday afternoon at 2
o'clock. They will be open to the
public with no admission charge.
In preparation for two of the
toughest meets in their respective
schedules, the Curd frosh and var
sity swimmers are going into a week
of stiff practice.
The varsity is slated to meet tho
strong Olympic Club team from
Fullerton, whith usually in past
years has taken on Stanford's var
sities and given them stiff battles.
Both meets will be in the Encina
Pools, the i'rosh meet to start at 4
o'clock Friday afternoon, and the
varsity, Saturday afternoon at 2
o'clock. They will be open to the
public with no admission charge.
In preparation for two of the
toughest meets in their respective
schedules, the Curd frosh and var
sity swimmers are going into a week
of stiff practice.
The varsity is slated to meet tho
strong Olympic Club team from
Fullerton, whith usually in past
years has taken on Stanford's var
sities and given them stiff battles.
Both meets will be in the Encina
Pools, the i'rosh meet to start at 4
o'clock Friday afternoon, and the
varsity, Saturday afternoon at 2
o'clock. They will be open to the
public with no admission charge.
In preparation for two of the
toughest meets in their respective
schedules, the Curd frosh and var
sity swimmers are going into a week
of stiff practice.
The varsity is slated to meet tho
strong Olympic Club team from
Fullerton, whith usually in past
years has taken on Stanford's var
sities and given them stiff battles.
Both meets will be in the Encina
Pools, the i'rosh meet to start at 4
o'clock Friday afternoon, and the
varsity, Saturday afternoon at 2
o'clock. They will be open to the
public with no admission charge.
In preparation for two of the
toughest meets in their respective
schedules, the Curd frosh and var
sity swimmers are going into a week
of stiff practice.
The varsity is slated to meet tho
strong Olympic Club team from
Fullerton, whith usually in past
years has taken on Stanford's var
sities and given them stiff battles.
Both meets will be in the Encina
Pools, the i'rosh meet to start at 4
o'clock Friday afternoon, and the
varsity, Saturday afternoon at 2
o'clock. They will be open to the
public with no admission charge.
In preparation for two of the
toughest meets in their respective
schedules, the Curd frosh and var
sity swimmers are going into a week
of stiff practice.
The varsity is slated to meet tho
strong Olympic Club team from
Fullerton, whith usually in past
years has taken on Stanford's var
sities and given them stiff battles.
Both meets will be in the Encina
Pools, the i'rosh meet to start at 4
o'clock Friday afternoon, and the
varsity, Saturday afternoon at 2
o'clock. They will be open to the
public with no admission charge.
In preparation for two of the
toughest meets in their respective
schedules, the Curd frosh and var
sity swimmers are going into a week
of stiff practice.
The varsity is slated to meet tho
strong Olympic Club team from
Fullerton, whith usually in past
years has taken on Stanford's var
sities and given them stiff battles.
Both meets will be in the Encina
Pools, the i'rosh meet to start at 4
o'clock Friday afternoon, and the
varsity, Saturday afternoon at 2
o'clock. They will be open to the
public with no admission charge.
In preparation for two of the
toughest meets in their respective
schedules, the Curd frosh and var
sity swimmers are going into a week
of stiff practice.
The varsity is slated to meet tho
strong Olympic Club team from
Fullerton, whith usually in past
years has taken on Stanford's var
sities and given them stiff battles.
Both meets will be in the Encina
Pools, the i'rosh meet to start at 4
o'clock Friday afternoon, and the
varsity, Saturday afternoon at 2
o'clock. They will be open to the
public with no admission charge.
In preparation for two of the
toughest meets in their respective
schedules, the Curd frosh and var
sity swimmers are going into a week
of stiff practice.
The varsity is slated to meet tho
strong Olympic Club team from
Fullerton, whith usually in past
years has taken on Stanford's var
sities and given them stiff battles.
Both meets will be in the Encina
Pools, the i'rosh meet to start at 4
o'clock Friday afternoon, and the
varsity, Saturday afternoon at 2
o'clock. They will be open to the
public with no admission charge.
