# Women Granted Extra Late Leave
## 
### 
Non-quota 2:.10's will be
granted all women tonight for
of Tuesday, Feb. 21, for the
Washington's Birthday holi
day, according to an announce
ment from Women's Council.
Living groups will remain open
until 12 o'clock that night..
The usual midweek 10:30
closing hour will be observed
Wednesday nicht. Feb. 22.
Non-quota 2:.10's will be
granted all women tonight for
of Tuesday, Feb. 21, for the
Washington's Birthday holi
day, according to an announce
ment from Women's Council.
Living groups will remain open
until 12 o'clock that night..
The usual midweek 10:30
closing hour will be observed
Wednesday nicht. Feb. 22.
Non-quota 2:.10's will be
granted all women tonight for
of Tuesday, Feb. 21, for the
Washington's Birthday holi
day, according to an announce
ment from Women's Council.
Living groups will remain open
until 12 o'clock that night..
The usual midweek 10:30
closing hour will be observed
Wednesday nicht. Feb. 22.
Non-quota 2:.10's will be
granted all women tonight for
of Tuesday, Feb. 21, for the
Washington's Birthday holi
day, according to an announce
ment from Women's Council.
Living groups will remain open
until 12 o'clock that night..
The usual midweek 10:30
closing hour will be observed
Wednesday nicht. Feb. 22.
Non-quota 2:.10's will be
granted all women tonight for
of Tuesday, Feb. 21, for the
Washington's Birthday holi
day, according to an announce
ment from Women's Council.
Living groups will remain open
until 12 o'clock that night..
The usual midweek 10:30
closing hour will be observed
Wednesday nicht. Feb. 22.
Non-quota 2:.10's will be
granted all women tonight for
of Tuesday, Feb. 21, for the
Washington's Birthday holi
day, according to an announce
ment from Women's Council.
Living groups will remain open
until 12 o'clock that night..
The usual midweek 10:30
closing hour will be observed
Wednesday nicht. Feb. 22.
Non-quota 2:.10's will be
granted all women tonight for
of Tuesday, Feb. 21, for the
Washington's Birthday holi
day, according to an announce
ment from Women's Council.
Living groups will remain open
until 12 o'clock that night..
The usual midweek 10:30
closing hour will be observed
Wednesday nicht. Feb. 22.
Non-quota 2:.10's will be
granted all women tonight for
of Tuesday, Feb. 21, for the
Washington's Birthday holi
day, according to an announce
ment from Women's Council.
Living groups will remain open
until 12 o'clock that night..
The usual midweek 10:30
closing hour will be observed
Wednesday nicht. Feb. 22.
Non-quota 2:.10's will be
granted all women tonight for
of Tuesday, Feb. 21, for the
Washington's Birthday holi
day, according to an announce
ment from Women's Council.
Living groups will remain open
until 12 o'clock that night..
The usual midweek 10:30
closing hour will be observed
Wednesday nicht. Feb. 22.
Non-quota 2:.10's will be
granted all women tonight for
of Tuesday, Feb. 21, for the
Washington's Birthday holi
day, according to an announce
ment from Women's Council.
Living groups will remain open
until 12 o'clock that night..
The usual midweek 10:30
closing hour will be observed
Wednesday nicht. Feb. 22.
Non-quota 2:.10's will be
granted all women tonight for
of Tuesday, Feb. 21, for the
Washington's Birthday holi
day, according to an announce
ment from Women's Council.
Living groups will remain open
until 12 o'clock that night..
The usual midweek 10:30
closing hour will be observed
Wednesday nicht. Feb. 22.
Non-quota 2:.10's will be
granted all women tonight for
of Tuesday, Feb. 21, for the
Washington's Birthday holi
day, according to an announce
ment from Women's Council.
Living groups will remain open
until 12 o'clock that night..
The usual midweek 10:30
closing hour will be observed
Wednesday nicht. Feb. 22.
Non-quota 2:.10's will be
granted all women tonight for
of Tuesday, Feb. 21, for the
Washington's Birthday holi
day, according to an announce
ment from Women's Council.
Living groups will remain open
until 12 o'clock that night..
The usual midweek 10:30
closing hour will be observed
Wednesday nicht. Feb. 22.
Non-quota 2:.10's will be
granted all women tonight for
of Tuesday, Feb. 21, for the
Washington's Birthday holi
day, according to an announce
ment from Women's Council.
Living groups will remain open
until 12 o'clock that night..
The usual midweek 10:30
closing hour will be observed
Wednesday nicht. Feb. 22.
Non-quota 2:.10's will be
granted all women tonight for
of Tuesday, Feb. 21, for the
Washington's Birthday holi
day, according to an announce
ment from Women's Council.
Living groups will remain open
until 12 o'clock that night..
The usual midweek 10:30
closing hour will be observed
Wednesday nicht. Feb. 22.
Non-quota 2:.10's will be
granted all women tonight for
of Tuesday, Feb. 21, for the
Washington's Birthday holi
day, according to an announce
ment from Women's Council.
Living groups will remain open
until 12 o'clock that night..
The usual midweek 10:30
closing hour will be observed
Wednesday nicht. Feb. 22.
