# ELDERS HOLD CONCLAVE
## 
### 
NELSON, 8.C., Feb. 20 (UP).—
Bearded elders of the Doukhobor re
ligious sect conferred today on who
should become the high priest of
their leaderless colony. Yesterday
they interred, amid hours-long wail
ing and chanting, the body of Peter
Veregin 11.
NELSON, 8.C., Feb. 20 (UP).—
Bearded elders of the Doukhobor re
ligious sect conferred today on who
should become the high priest of
their leaderless colony. Yesterday
they interred, amid hours-long wail
ing and chanting, the body of Peter
Veregin 11.
NELSON, 8.C., Feb. 20 (UP).—
Bearded elders of the Doukhobor re
ligious sect conferred today on who
should become the high priest of
their leaderless colony. Yesterday
they interred, amid hours-long wail
ing and chanting, the body of Peter
Veregin 11.
NELSON, 8.C., Feb. 20 (UP).—
Bearded elders of the Doukhobor re
ligious sect conferred today on who
should become the high priest of
their leaderless colony. Yesterday
they interred, amid hours-long wail
ing and chanting, the body of Peter
Veregin 11.
NELSON, 8.C., Feb. 20 (UP).—
Bearded elders of the Doukhobor re
ligious sect conferred today on who
should become the high priest of
their leaderless colony. Yesterday
they interred, amid hours-long wail
ing and chanting, the body of Peter
Veregin 11.
NELSON, 8.C., Feb. 20 (UP).—
Bearded elders of the Doukhobor re
ligious sect conferred today on who
should become the high priest of
their leaderless colony. Yesterday
they interred, amid hours-long wail
ing and chanting, the body of Peter
Veregin 11.
NELSON, 8.C., Feb. 20 (UP).—
Bearded elders of the Doukhobor re
ligious sect conferred today on who
should become the high priest of
their leaderless colony. Yesterday
they interred, amid hours-long wail
ing and chanting, the body of Peter
Veregin 11.
NELSON, 8.C., Feb. 20 (UP).—
Bearded elders of the Doukhobor re
ligious sect conferred today on who
should become the high priest of
their leaderless colony. Yesterday
they interred, amid hours-long wail
ing and chanting, the body of Peter
Veregin 11.
NELSON, 8.C., Feb. 20 (UP).—
Bearded elders of the Doukhobor re
ligious sect conferred today on who
should become the high priest of
their leaderless colony. Yesterday
they interred, amid hours-long wail
ing and chanting, the body of Peter
Veregin 11.
NELSON, 8.C., Feb. 20 (UP).—
Bearded elders of the Doukhobor re
ligious sect conferred today on who
should become the high priest of
their leaderless colony. Yesterday
they interred, amid hours-long wail
ing and chanting, the body of Peter
Veregin 11.
NELSON, 8.C., Feb. 20 (UP).—
Bearded elders of the Doukhobor re
ligious sect conferred today on who
should become the high priest of
their leaderless colony. Yesterday
they interred, amid hours-long wail
ing and chanting, the body of Peter
Veregin 11.
NELSON, 8.C., Feb. 20 (UP).—
Bearded elders of the Doukhobor re
ligious sect conferred today on who
should become the high priest of
their leaderless colony. Yesterday
they interred, amid hours-long wail
ing and chanting, the body of Peter
Veregin 11.
NELSON, 8.C., Feb. 20 (UP).—
Bearded elders of the Doukhobor re
ligious sect conferred today on who
should become the high priest of
their leaderless colony. Yesterday
they interred, amid hours-long wail
ing and chanting, the body of Peter
Veregin 11.
NELSON, 8.C., Feb. 20 (UP).—
Bearded elders of the Doukhobor re
ligious sect conferred today on who
should become the high priest of
their leaderless colony. Yesterday
they interred, amid hours-long wail
ing and chanting, the body of Peter
Veregin 11.
NELSON, 8.C., Feb. 20 (UP).—
Bearded elders of the Doukhobor re
ligious sect conferred today on who
should become the high priest of
their leaderless colony. Yesterday
they interred, amid hours-long wail
ing and chanting, the body of Peter
Veregin 11.
NELSON, 8.C., Feb. 20 (UP).—
Bearded elders of the Doukhobor re
ligious sect conferred today on who
should become the high priest of
their leaderless colony. Yesterday
they interred, amid hours-long wail
ing and chanting, the body of Peter
Veregin 11.
