# Reservations Open For New York Fair
## 
### 
Reservations for hotel accommo
dations for the New York World's
Fair should be made now, either
singly or by groups, it was advised
in a statement issued yesterday by
the New York Room Listing Serv
ice.
"If you intend taking in the Fair
on a moderate ba.sis," Alfred Eng
lander, manager of the School and
College Division, said, "we will co
operate by securing your reserva
tions in advance for rooms with
hotel service ranging from $1.50 to
$2.50 per person. These accommo
dations are all in Manhattan with
in a few minutes of Times Square,
and arc located in Residence Clubs,
tourist and furnished apartment
houses."
Reservations for hotel accommo
dations for the New York World's
Fair should be made now, either
singly or by groups, it was advised
in a statement issued yesterday by
the New York Room Listing Serv
ice.
"If you intend taking in the Fair
on a moderate ba.sis," Alfred Eng
lander, manager of the School and
College Division, said, "we will co
operate by securing your reserva
tions in advance for rooms with
hotel service ranging from $1.50 to
$2.50 per person. These accommo
dations are all in Manhattan with
in a few minutes of Times Square,
and arc located in Residence Clubs,
tourist and furnished apartment
houses."
Reservations for hotel accommo
dations for the New York World's
Fair should be made now, either
singly or by groups, it was advised
in a statement issued yesterday by
the New York Room Listing Serv
ice.
"If you intend taking in the Fair
on a moderate ba.sis," Alfred Eng
lander, manager of the School and
College Division, said, "we will co
operate by securing your reserva
tions in advance for rooms with
hotel service ranging from $1.50 to
$2.50 per person. These accommo
dations are all in Manhattan with
in a few minutes of Times Square,
and arc located in Residence Clubs,
tourist and furnished apartment
houses."
Reservations for hotel accommo
dations for the New York World's
Fair should be made now, either
singly or by groups, it was advised
in a statement issued yesterday by
the New York Room Listing Serv
ice.
"If you intend taking in the Fair
on a moderate ba.sis," Alfred Eng
lander, manager of the School and
College Division, said, "we will co
operate by securing your reserva
tions in advance for rooms with
hotel service ranging from $1.50 to
$2.50 per person. These accommo
dations are all in Manhattan with
in a few minutes of Times Square,
and arc located in Residence Clubs,
tourist and furnished apartment
houses."
Reservations for hotel accommo
dations for the New York World's
Fair should be made now, either
singly or by groups, it was advised
in a statement issued yesterday by
the New York Room Listing Serv
ice.
"If you intend taking in the Fair
on a moderate ba.sis," Alfred Eng
lander, manager of the School and
College Division, said, "we will co
operate by securing your reserva
tions in advance for rooms with
hotel service ranging from $1.50 to
$2.50 per person. These accommo
dations are all in Manhattan with
in a few minutes of Times Square,
and arc located in Residence Clubs,
tourist and furnished apartment
houses."
Reservations for hotel accommo
dations for the New York World's
Fair should be made now, either
singly or by groups, it was advised
in a statement issued yesterday by
the New York Room Listing Serv
ice.
"If you intend taking in the Fair
on a moderate ba.sis," Alfred Eng
lander, manager of the School and
College Division, said, "we will co
operate by securing your reserva
tions in advance for rooms with
hotel service ranging from $1.50 to
$2.50 per person. These accommo
dations are all in Manhattan with
in a few minutes of Times Square,
and arc located in Residence Clubs,
tourist and furnished apartment
houses."
Reservations for hotel accommo
dations for the New York World's
Fair should be made now, either
singly or by groups, it was advised
in a statement issued yesterday by
the New York Room Listing Serv
ice.
"If you intend taking in the Fair
on a moderate ba.sis," Alfred Eng
lander, manager of the School and
College Division, said, "we will co
operate by securing your reserva
tions in advance for rooms with
hotel service ranging from $1.50 to
$2.50 per person. These accommo
dations are all in Manhattan with
in a few minutes of Times Square,
and arc located in Residence Clubs,
tourist and furnished apartment
houses."
Reservations for hotel accommo
dations for the New York World's
Fair should be made now, either
singly or by groups, it was advised
in a statement issued yesterday by
the New York Room Listing Serv
ice.
"If you intend taking in the Fair
on a moderate ba.sis," Alfred Eng
lander, manager of the School and
College Division, said, "we will co
operate by securing your reserva
tions in advance for rooms with
hotel service ranging from $1.50 to
$2.50 per person. These accommo
dations are all in Manhattan with
in a few minutes of Times Square,
and arc located in Residence Clubs,
tourist and furnished apartment
houses."
Reservations for hotel accommo
dations for the New York World's
Fair should be made now, either
singly or by groups, it was advised
in a statement issued yesterday by
the New York Room Listing Serv
ice.
"If you intend taking in the Fair
on a moderate ba.sis," Alfred Eng
lander, manager of the School and
College Division, said, "we will co
operate by securing your reserva
tions in advance for rooms with
hotel service ranging from $1.50 to
$2.50 per person. These accommo
dations are all in Manhattan with
in a few minutes of Times Square,
and arc located in Residence Clubs,
tourist and furnished apartment
houses."
Reservations for hotel accommo
dations for the New York World's
Fair should be made now, either
singly or by groups, it was advised
in a statement issued yesterday by
the New York Room Listing Serv
ice.
"If you intend taking in the Fair
on a moderate ba.sis," Alfred Eng
lander, manager of the School and
College Division, said, "we will co
operate by securing your reserva
tions in advance for rooms with
hotel service ranging from $1.50 to
$2.50 per person. These accommo
dations are all in Manhattan with
in a few minutes of Times Square,
and arc located in Residence Clubs,
tourist and furnished apartment
houses."
Reservations for hotel accommo
dations for the New York World's
Fair should be made now, either
singly or by groups, it was advised
in a statement issued yesterday by
the New York Room Listing Serv
ice.
"If you intend taking in the Fair
on a moderate ba.sis," Alfred Eng
lander, manager of the School and
College Division, said, "we will co
operate by securing your reserva
tions in advance for rooms with
hotel service ranging from $1.50 to
$2.50 per person. These accommo
dations are all in Manhattan with
in a few minutes of Times Square,
and arc located in Residence Clubs,
tourist and furnished apartment
houses."
Reservations for hotel accommo
dations for the New York World's
Fair should be made now, either
singly or by groups, it was advised
in a statement issued yesterday by
the New York Room Listing Serv
ice.
"If you intend taking in the Fair
on a moderate ba.sis," Alfred Eng
lander, manager of the School and
College Division, said, "we will co
operate by securing your reserva
tions in advance for rooms with
hotel service ranging from $1.50 to
$2.50 per person. These accommo
dations are all in Manhattan with
in a few minutes of Times Square,
and arc located in Residence Clubs,
tourist and furnished apartment
houses."
Reservations for hotel accommo
dations for the New York World's
Fair should be made now, either
singly or by groups, it was advised
in a statement issued yesterday by
the New York Room Listing Serv
ice.
"If you intend taking in the Fair
on a moderate ba.sis," Alfred Eng
lander, manager of the School and
College Division, said, "we will co
operate by securing your reserva
tions in advance for rooms with
hotel service ranging from $1.50 to
$2.50 per person. These accommo
dations are all in Manhattan with
in a few minutes of Times Square,
and arc located in Residence Clubs,
tourist and furnished apartment
houses."
Reservations for hotel accommo
dations for the New York World's
Fair should be made now, either
singly or by groups, it was advised
in a statement issued yesterday by
the New York Room Listing Serv
ice.
"If you intend taking in the Fair
on a moderate ba.sis," Alfred Eng
lander, manager of the School and
College Division, said, "we will co
operate by securing your reserva
tions in advance for rooms with
hotel service ranging from $1.50 to
$2.50 per person. These accommo
dations are all in Manhattan with
in a few minutes of Times Square,
and arc located in Residence Clubs,
tourist and furnished apartment
houses."
Reservations for hotel accommo
dations for the New York World's
Fair should be made now, either
singly or by groups, it was advised
in a statement issued yesterday by
the New York Room Listing Serv
ice.
"If you intend taking in the Fair
on a moderate ba.sis," Alfred Eng
lander, manager of the School and
College Division, said, "we will co
operate by securing your reserva
tions in advance for rooms with
hotel service ranging from $1.50 to
$2.50 per person. These accommo
dations are all in Manhattan with
in a few minutes of Times Square,
and arc located in Residence Clubs,
tourist and furnished apartment
houses."
Reservations for hotel accommo
dations for the New York World's
Fair should be made now, either
singly or by groups, it was advised
in a statement issued yesterday by
the New York Room Listing Serv
ice.
"If you intend taking in the Fair
on a moderate ba.sis," Alfred Eng
lander, manager of the School and
College Division, said, "we will co
operate by securing your reserva
tions in advance for rooms with
hotel service ranging from $1.50 to
$2.50 per person. These accommo
dations are all in Manhattan with
in a few minutes of Times Square,
and arc located in Residence Clubs,
tourist and furnished apartment
houses."
