# Budge, Vines Clash Tonight In San Jose
## 
### 
Don Budge, x-ed-headed ex-ama
teur tennis champion from Oakland,
will meet Ellsworth Vines, peer of
the professionals, in an exhibition
match at the San Jose Civic Audi
torium, tonight at 8:30 o'clock.
Tickets for the matches may be
bought in Palo Alto at Roos Bros.
General admission is 55 cents, with
reserved seats selling at 83 cents,
$1.10, $1.65. and $2.20.
Other matches to be presented on
the program will put Dick Skeen
against A1 Chapin, to be followed
by a doubles encounter between
Budge and Skeen, and Vines and
Chapin.
Budge has taken a lead in the
current tour, although Vines has
demonstrated in recent matches that
he is back at the top of his game.
Budge astounded the tennis world
last month when he scored decisive
ly over Vines in straight sets in his
debut before some 18,000 fans in
New York City.
Don Budge, x-ed-headed ex-ama
teur tennis champion from Oakland,
will meet Ellsworth Vines, peer of
the professionals, in an exhibition
match at the San Jose Civic Audi
torium, tonight at 8:30 o'clock.
Tickets for the matches may be
bought in Palo Alto at Roos Bros.
General admission is 55 cents, with
reserved seats selling at 83 cents,
$1.10, $1.65. and $2.20.
Other matches to be presented on
the program will put Dick Skeen
against A1 Chapin, to be followed
by a doubles encounter between
Budge and Skeen, and Vines and
Chapin.
Budge has taken a lead in the
current tour, although Vines has
demonstrated in recent matches that
he is back at the top of his game.
Budge astounded the tennis world
last month when he scored decisive
ly over Vines in straight sets in his
debut before some 18,000 fans in
New York City.
Don Budge, x-ed-headed ex-ama
teur tennis champion from Oakland,
will meet Ellsworth Vines, peer of
the professionals, in an exhibition
match at the San Jose Civic Audi
torium, tonight at 8:30 o'clock.
Tickets for the matches may be
bought in Palo Alto at Roos Bros.
General admission is 55 cents, with
reserved seats selling at 83 cents,
$1.10, $1.65. and $2.20.
Other matches to be presented on
the program will put Dick Skeen
against A1 Chapin, to be followed
by a doubles encounter between
Budge and Skeen, and Vines and
Chapin.
Budge has taken a lead in the
current tour, although Vines has
demonstrated in recent matches that
he is back at the top of his game.
Budge astounded the tennis world
last month when he scored decisive
ly over Vines in straight sets in his
debut before some 18,000 fans in
New York City.
Don Budge, x-ed-headed ex-ama
teur tennis champion from Oakland,
will meet Ellsworth Vines, peer of
the professionals, in an exhibition
match at the San Jose Civic Audi
torium, tonight at 8:30 o'clock.
Tickets for the matches may be
bought in Palo Alto at Roos Bros.
General admission is 55 cents, with
reserved seats selling at 83 cents,
$1.10, $1.65. and $2.20.
Other matches to be presented on
the program will put Dick Skeen
against A1 Chapin, to be followed
by a doubles encounter between
Budge and Skeen, and Vines and
Chapin.
Budge has taken a lead in the
current tour, although Vines has
demonstrated in recent matches that
he is back at the top of his game.
Budge astounded the tennis world
last month when he scored decisive
ly over Vines in straight sets in his
debut before some 18,000 fans in
New York City.
Don Budge, x-ed-headed ex-ama
teur tennis champion from Oakland,
will meet Ellsworth Vines, peer of
the professionals, in an exhibition
match at the San Jose Civic Audi
torium, tonight at 8:30 o'clock.
Tickets for the matches may be
bought in Palo Alto at Roos Bros.
General admission is 55 cents, with
reserved seats selling at 83 cents,
$1.10, $1.65. and $2.20.
Other matches to be presented on
the program will put Dick Skeen
against A1 Chapin, to be followed
by a doubles encounter between
Budge and Skeen, and Vines and
Chapin.
Budge has taken a lead in the
current tour, although Vines has
demonstrated in recent matches that
he is back at the top of his game.
Budge astounded the tennis world
last month when he scored decisive
ly over Vines in straight sets in his
debut before some 18,000 fans in
New York City.
Don Budge, x-ed-headed ex-ama
teur tennis champion from Oakland,
will meet Ellsworth Vines, peer of
the professionals, in an exhibition
match at the San Jose Civic Audi
torium, tonight at 8:30 o'clock.
Tickets for the matches may be
bought in Palo Alto at Roos Bros.
General admission is 55 cents, with
reserved seats selling at 83 cents,
$1.10, $1.65. and $2.20.
Other matches to be presented on
the program will put Dick Skeen
against A1 Chapin, to be followed
by a doubles encounter between
Budge and Skeen, and Vines and
Chapin.
Budge has taken a lead in the
current tour, although Vines has
demonstrated in recent matches that
he is back at the top of his game.
Budge astounded the tennis world
last month when he scored decisive
ly over Vines in straight sets in his
debut before some 18,000 fans in
New York City.
Don Budge, x-ed-headed ex-ama
teur tennis champion from Oakland,
will meet Ellsworth Vines, peer of
the professionals, in an exhibition
match at the San Jose Civic Audi
torium, tonight at 8:30 o'clock.
Tickets for the matches may be
bought in Palo Alto at Roos Bros.
General admission is 55 cents, with
reserved seats selling at 83 cents,
$1.10, $1.65. and $2.20.
Other matches to be presented on
the program will put Dick Skeen
against A1 Chapin, to be followed
by a doubles encounter between
Budge and Skeen, and Vines and
Chapin.
Budge has taken a lead in the
current tour, although Vines has
demonstrated in recent matches that
he is back at the top of his game.
Budge astounded the tennis world
last month when he scored decisive
ly over Vines in straight sets in his
debut before some 18,000 fans in
New York City.
Don Budge, x-ed-headed ex-ama
teur tennis champion from Oakland,
will meet Ellsworth Vines, peer of
the professionals, in an exhibition
match at the San Jose Civic Audi
torium, tonight at 8:30 o'clock.
Tickets for the matches may be
bought in Palo Alto at Roos Bros.
General admission is 55 cents, with
reserved seats selling at 83 cents,
$1.10, $1.65. and $2.20.
Other matches to be presented on
the program will put Dick Skeen
against A1 Chapin, to be followed
by a doubles encounter between
Budge and Skeen, and Vines and
Chapin.
Budge has taken a lead in the
current tour, although Vines has
demonstrated in recent matches that
he is back at the top of his game.
Budge astounded the tennis world
last month when he scored decisive
ly over Vines in straight sets in his
debut before some 18,000 fans in
New York City.
Don Budge, x-ed-headed ex-ama
teur tennis champion from Oakland,
will meet Ellsworth Vines, peer of
the professionals, in an exhibition
match at the San Jose Civic Audi
torium, tonight at 8:30 o'clock.
Tickets for the matches may be
bought in Palo Alto at Roos Bros.
General admission is 55 cents, with
reserved seats selling at 83 cents,
$1.10, $1.65. and $2.20.
Other matches to be presented on
the program will put Dick Skeen
against A1 Chapin, to be followed
by a doubles encounter between
Budge and Skeen, and Vines and
Chapin.
Budge has taken a lead in the
current tour, although Vines has
demonstrated in recent matches that
he is back at the top of his game.
Budge astounded the tennis world
last month when he scored decisive
ly over Vines in straight sets in his
debut before some 18,000 fans in
New York City.
Don Budge, x-ed-headed ex-ama
teur tennis champion from Oakland,
will meet Ellsworth Vines, peer of
the professionals, in an exhibition
match at the San Jose Civic Audi
torium, tonight at 8:30 o'clock.
Tickets for the matches may be
bought in Palo Alto at Roos Bros.
General admission is 55 cents, with
reserved seats selling at 83 cents,
$1.10, $1.65. and $2.20.
Other matches to be presented on
the program will put Dick Skeen
against A1 Chapin, to be followed
by a doubles encounter between
Budge and Skeen, and Vines and
Chapin.
Budge has taken a lead in the
current tour, although Vines has
demonstrated in recent matches that
he is back at the top of his game.
Budge astounded the tennis world
last month when he scored decisive
ly over Vines in straight sets in his
debut before some 18,000 fans in
New York City.
Don Budge, x-ed-headed ex-ama
teur tennis champion from Oakland,
will meet Ellsworth Vines, peer of
the professionals, in an exhibition
match at the San Jose Civic Audi
torium, tonight at 8:30 o'clock.
Tickets for the matches may be
bought in Palo Alto at Roos Bros.
General admission is 55 cents, with
reserved seats selling at 83 cents,
$1.10, $1.65. and $2.20.
Other matches to be presented on
the program will put Dick Skeen
against A1 Chapin, to be followed
by a doubles encounter between
Budge and Skeen, and Vines and
Chapin.
Budge has taken a lead in the
current tour, although Vines has
demonstrated in recent matches that
he is back at the top of his game.
Budge astounded the tennis world
last month when he scored decisive
ly over Vines in straight sets in his
debut before some 18,000 fans in
New York City.
Don Budge, x-ed-headed ex-ama
teur tennis champion from Oakland,
will meet Ellsworth Vines, peer of
the professionals, in an exhibition
match at the San Jose Civic Audi
torium, tonight at 8:30 o'clock.
Tickets for the matches may be
bought in Palo Alto at Roos Bros.
General admission is 55 cents, with
reserved seats selling at 83 cents,
$1.10, $1.65. and $2.20.
Other matches to be presented on
the program will put Dick Skeen
against A1 Chapin, to be followed
by a doubles encounter between
Budge and Skeen, and Vines and
Chapin.
Budge has taken a lead in the
current tour, although Vines has
demonstrated in recent matches that
he is back at the top of his game.
Budge astounded the tennis world
last month when he scored decisive
ly over Vines in straight sets in his
debut before some 18,000 fans in
New York City.
Don Budge, x-ed-headed ex-ama
teur tennis champion from Oakland,
will meet Ellsworth Vines, peer of
the professionals, in an exhibition
match at the San Jose Civic Audi
torium, tonight at 8:30 o'clock.
Tickets for the matches may be
bought in Palo Alto at Roos Bros.
General admission is 55 cents, with
reserved seats selling at 83 cents,
$1.10, $1.65. and $2.20.
Other matches to be presented on
the program will put Dick Skeen
against A1 Chapin, to be followed
by a doubles encounter between
Budge and Skeen, and Vines and
Chapin.
Budge has taken a lead in the
current tour, although Vines has
demonstrated in recent matches that
he is back at the top of his game.
Budge astounded the tennis world
last month when he scored decisive
ly over Vines in straight sets in his
debut before some 18,000 fans in
New York City.
Don Budge, x-ed-headed ex-ama
teur tennis champion from Oakland,
will meet Ellsworth Vines, peer of
the professionals, in an exhibition
match at the San Jose Civic Audi
torium, tonight at 8:30 o'clock.
Tickets for the matches may be
bought in Palo Alto at Roos Bros.
General admission is 55 cents, with
reserved seats selling at 83 cents,
$1.10, $1.65. and $2.20.
Other matches to be presented on
the program will put Dick Skeen
against A1 Chapin, to be followed
by a doubles encounter between
Budge and Skeen, and Vines and
Chapin.
Budge has taken a lead in the
current tour, although Vines has
demonstrated in recent matches that
he is back at the top of his game.
Budge astounded the tennis world
last month when he scored decisive
ly over Vines in straight sets in his
debut before some 18,000 fans in
New York City.
Don Budge, x-ed-headed ex-ama
teur tennis champion from Oakland,
will meet Ellsworth Vines, peer of
the professionals, in an exhibition
match at the San Jose Civic Audi
torium, tonight at 8:30 o'clock.
Tickets for the matches may be
bought in Palo Alto at Roos Bros.
General admission is 55 cents, with
reserved seats selling at 83 cents,
$1.10, $1.65. and $2.20.
Other matches to be presented on
the program will put Dick Skeen
against A1 Chapin, to be followed
by a doubles encounter between
Budge and Skeen, and Vines and
Chapin.
Budge has taken a lead in the
current tour, although Vines has
demonstrated in recent matches that
he is back at the top of his game.
Budge astounded the tennis world
last month when he scored decisive
ly over Vines in straight sets in his
debut before some 18,000 fans in
New York City.
Don Budge, x-ed-headed ex-ama
teur tennis champion from Oakland,
will meet Ellsworth Vines, peer of
the professionals, in an exhibition
match at the San Jose Civic Audi
torium, tonight at 8:30 o'clock.
Tickets for the matches may be
bought in Palo Alto at Roos Bros.
General admission is 55 cents, with
reserved seats selling at 83 cents,
$1.10, $1.65. and $2.20.
Other matches to be presented on
the program will put Dick Skeen
against A1 Chapin, to be followed
by a doubles encounter between
Budge and Skeen, and Vines and
Chapin.
Budge has taken a lead in the
current tour, although Vines has
demonstrated in recent matches that
he is back at the top of his game.
Budge astounded the tennis world
last month when he scored decisive
ly over Vines in straight sets in his
debut before some 18,000 fans in
New York City.
