# Pasadena Girl and Abductor
## 
### 


Anne Louise Sweitzer, upper, and
Townsend Davis. (Acme Tele
photo)


Anne Louise Sweitzer, upper, and
Townsend Davis. (Acme Tele
photo)


Anne Louise Sweitzer, upper, and
Townsend Davis. (Acme Tele
photo)


Anne Louise Sweitzer, upper, and
Townsend Davis. (Acme Tele
photo)


Anne Louise Sweitzer, upper, and
Townsend Davis. (Acme Tele
photo)


Anne Louise Sweitzer, upper, and
Townsend Davis. (Acme Tele
photo)


Anne Louise Sweitzer, upper, and
Townsend Davis. (Acme Tele
photo)


Anne Louise Sweitzer, upper, and
Townsend Davis. (Acme Tele
photo)


Anne Louise Sweitzer, upper, and
Townsend Davis. (Acme Tele
photo)


Anne Louise Sweitzer, upper, and
Townsend Davis. (Acme Tele
photo)


Anne Louise Sweitzer, upper, and
Townsend Davis. (Acme Tele
photo)


Anne Louise Sweitzer, upper, and
Townsend Davis. (Acme Tele
photo)


Anne Louise Sweitzer, upper, and
Townsend Davis. (Acme Tele
photo)


Anne Louise Sweitzer, upper, and
Townsend Davis. (Acme Tele
photo)


Anne Louise Sweitzer, upper, and
Townsend Davis. (Acme Tele
photo)


Anne Louise Sweitzer, upper, and
Townsend Davis. (Acme Tele
photo)
