# Student Problems To Be Discussed
## 
### 
Social problems that the student
must face upon leaving college will
be the topic for the meeting of the
Stanford Mothers' Club this after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse at
2 o'clock.
Miss Christine Ricker, head of din
ing halls and lecturer in "Hygiene
for Women," will outline her course
in "Women in the Home." "Per
sonal Problems in Modern Society"
will be discussed by Ernest lli 1 -
gard. professor of psychology and
education, and Willaim Hopkins of
the economics department, will talk
on "Trends in Present Day Employ
ment."
Tea will be served by Mrs. Fred L.
Drewes and a group of Delta Kappa
Epsilon mothers. Reservations for
the luncheon preceding the meeting
may be made with Mrs. J. W. Wear,
Palo Alto 22026.
Social problems that the student
must face upon leaving college will
be the topic for the meeting of the
Stanford Mothers' Club this after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse at
2 o'clock.
Miss Christine Ricker, head of din
ing halls and lecturer in "Hygiene
for Women," will outline her course
in "Women in the Home." "Per
sonal Problems in Modern Society"
will be discussed by Ernest lli 1 -
gard. professor of psychology and
education, and Willaim Hopkins of
the economics department, will talk
on "Trends in Present Day Employ
ment."
Tea will be served by Mrs. Fred L.
Drewes and a group of Delta Kappa
Epsilon mothers. Reservations for
the luncheon preceding the meeting
may be made with Mrs. J. W. Wear,
Palo Alto 22026.
Social problems that the student
must face upon leaving college will
be the topic for the meeting of the
Stanford Mothers' Club this after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse at
2 o'clock.
Miss Christine Ricker, head of din
ing halls and lecturer in "Hygiene
for Women," will outline her course
in "Women in the Home." "Per
sonal Problems in Modern Society"
will be discussed by Ernest lli 1 -
gard. professor of psychology and
education, and Willaim Hopkins of
the economics department, will talk
on "Trends in Present Day Employ
ment."
Tea will be served by Mrs. Fred L.
Drewes and a group of Delta Kappa
Epsilon mothers. Reservations for
the luncheon preceding the meeting
may be made with Mrs. J. W. Wear,
Palo Alto 22026.
Social problems that the student
must face upon leaving college will
be the topic for the meeting of the
Stanford Mothers' Club this after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse at
2 o'clock.
Miss Christine Ricker, head of din
ing halls and lecturer in "Hygiene
for Women," will outline her course
in "Women in the Home." "Per
sonal Problems in Modern Society"
will be discussed by Ernest lli 1 -
gard. professor of psychology and
education, and Willaim Hopkins of
the economics department, will talk
on "Trends in Present Day Employ
ment."
Tea will be served by Mrs. Fred L.
Drewes and a group of Delta Kappa
Epsilon mothers. Reservations for
the luncheon preceding the meeting
may be made with Mrs. J. W. Wear,
Palo Alto 22026.
Social problems that the student
must face upon leaving college will
be the topic for the meeting of the
Stanford Mothers' Club this after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse at
2 o'clock.
Miss Christine Ricker, head of din
ing halls and lecturer in "Hygiene
for Women," will outline her course
in "Women in the Home." "Per
sonal Problems in Modern Society"
will be discussed by Ernest lli 1 -
gard. professor of psychology and
education, and Willaim Hopkins of
the economics department, will talk
on "Trends in Present Day Employ
ment."
Tea will be served by Mrs. Fred L.
Drewes and a group of Delta Kappa
Epsilon mothers. Reservations for
the luncheon preceding the meeting
may be made with Mrs. J. W. Wear,
Palo Alto 22026.
Social problems that the student
must face upon leaving college will
be the topic for the meeting of the
Stanford Mothers' Club this after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse at
2 o'clock.
Miss Christine Ricker, head of din
ing halls and lecturer in "Hygiene
for Women," will outline her course
in "Women in the Home." "Per
sonal Problems in Modern Society"
will be discussed by Ernest lli 1 -
gard. professor of psychology and
education, and Willaim Hopkins of
the economics department, will talk
on "Trends in Present Day Employ
ment."
Tea will be served by Mrs. Fred L.
Drewes and a group of Delta Kappa
Epsilon mothers. Reservations for
the luncheon preceding the meeting
may be made with Mrs. J. W. Wear,
Palo Alto 22026.
Social problems that the student
must face upon leaving college will
be the topic for the meeting of the
Stanford Mothers' Club this after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse at
2 o'clock.
Miss Christine Ricker, head of din
ing halls and lecturer in "Hygiene
for Women," will outline her course
in "Women in the Home." "Per
sonal Problems in Modern Society"
will be discussed by Ernest lli 1 -
gard. professor of psychology and
education, and Willaim Hopkins of
the economics department, will talk
on "Trends in Present Day Employ
ment."
Tea will be served by Mrs. Fred L.
Drewes and a group of Delta Kappa
Epsilon mothers. Reservations for
the luncheon preceding the meeting
may be made with Mrs. J. W. Wear,
Palo Alto 22026.
Social problems that the student
must face upon leaving college will
be the topic for the meeting of the
Stanford Mothers' Club this after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse at
2 o'clock.
Miss Christine Ricker, head of din
ing halls and lecturer in "Hygiene
for Women," will outline her course
in "Women in the Home." "Per
sonal Problems in Modern Society"
will be discussed by Ernest lli 1 -
gard. professor of psychology and
education, and Willaim Hopkins of
the economics department, will talk
on "Trends in Present Day Employ
ment."
Tea will be served by Mrs. Fred L.
Drewes and a group of Delta Kappa
Epsilon mothers. Reservations for
the luncheon preceding the meeting
may be made with Mrs. J. W. Wear,
Palo Alto 22026.
Social problems that the student
must face upon leaving college will
be the topic for the meeting of the
Stanford Mothers' Club this after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse at
2 o'clock.
Miss Christine Ricker, head of din
ing halls and lecturer in "Hygiene
for Women," will outline her course
in "Women in the Home." "Per
sonal Problems in Modern Society"
will be discussed by Ernest lli 1 -
gard. professor of psychology and
education, and Willaim Hopkins of
the economics department, will talk
on "Trends in Present Day Employ
ment."
Tea will be served by Mrs. Fred L.
Drewes and a group of Delta Kappa
Epsilon mothers. Reservations for
the luncheon preceding the meeting
may be made with Mrs. J. W. Wear,
Palo Alto 22026.
Social problems that the student
must face upon leaving college will
be the topic for the meeting of the
Stanford Mothers' Club this after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse at
2 o'clock.
Miss Christine Ricker, head of din
ing halls and lecturer in "Hygiene
for Women," will outline her course
in "Women in the Home." "Per
sonal Problems in Modern Society"
will be discussed by Ernest lli 1 -
gard. professor of psychology and
education, and Willaim Hopkins of
the economics department, will talk
on "Trends in Present Day Employ
ment."
Tea will be served by Mrs. Fred L.
Drewes and a group of Delta Kappa
Epsilon mothers. Reservations for
the luncheon preceding the meeting
may be made with Mrs. J. W. Wear,
Palo Alto 22026.
Social problems that the student
must face upon leaving college will
be the topic for the meeting of the
Stanford Mothers' Club this after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse at
2 o'clock.
Miss Christine Ricker, head of din
ing halls and lecturer in "Hygiene
for Women," will outline her course
in "Women in the Home." "Per
sonal Problems in Modern Society"
will be discussed by Ernest lli 1 -
gard. professor of psychology and
education, and Willaim Hopkins of
the economics department, will talk
on "Trends in Present Day Employ
ment."
Tea will be served by Mrs. Fred L.
Drewes and a group of Delta Kappa
Epsilon mothers. Reservations for
the luncheon preceding the meeting
may be made with Mrs. J. W. Wear,
Palo Alto 22026.
Social problems that the student
must face upon leaving college will
be the topic for the meeting of the
Stanford Mothers' Club this after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse at
2 o'clock.
Miss Christine Ricker, head of din
ing halls and lecturer in "Hygiene
for Women," will outline her course
in "Women in the Home." "Per
sonal Problems in Modern Society"
will be discussed by Ernest lli 1 -
gard. professor of psychology and
education, and Willaim Hopkins of
the economics department, will talk
on "Trends in Present Day Employ
ment."
Tea will be served by Mrs. Fred L.
Drewes and a group of Delta Kappa
Epsilon mothers. Reservations for
the luncheon preceding the meeting
may be made with Mrs. J. W. Wear,
Palo Alto 22026.
Social problems that the student
must face upon leaving college will
be the topic for the meeting of the
Stanford Mothers' Club this after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse at
2 o'clock.
Miss Christine Ricker, head of din
ing halls and lecturer in "Hygiene
for Women," will outline her course
in "Women in the Home." "Per
sonal Problems in Modern Society"
will be discussed by Ernest lli 1 -
gard. professor of psychology and
education, and Willaim Hopkins of
the economics department, will talk
on "Trends in Present Day Employ
ment."
Tea will be served by Mrs. Fred L.
Drewes and a group of Delta Kappa
Epsilon mothers. Reservations for
the luncheon preceding the meeting
may be made with Mrs. J. W. Wear,
Palo Alto 22026.
Social problems that the student
must face upon leaving college will
be the topic for the meeting of the
Stanford Mothers' Club this after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse at
2 o'clock.
Miss Christine Ricker, head of din
ing halls and lecturer in "Hygiene
for Women," will outline her course
in "Women in the Home." "Per
sonal Problems in Modern Society"
will be discussed by Ernest lli 1 -
gard. professor of psychology and
education, and Willaim Hopkins of
the economics department, will talk
on "Trends in Present Day Employ
ment."
Tea will be served by Mrs. Fred L.
Drewes and a group of Delta Kappa
Epsilon mothers. Reservations for
the luncheon preceding the meeting
may be made with Mrs. J. W. Wear,
Palo Alto 22026.
Social problems that the student
must face upon leaving college will
be the topic for the meeting of the
Stanford Mothers' Club this after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse at
2 o'clock.
Miss Christine Ricker, head of din
ing halls and lecturer in "Hygiene
for Women," will outline her course
in "Women in the Home." "Per
sonal Problems in Modern Society"
will be discussed by Ernest lli 1 -
gard. professor of psychology and
education, and Willaim Hopkins of
the economics department, will talk
on "Trends in Present Day Employ
ment."
Tea will be served by Mrs. Fred L.
Drewes and a group of Delta Kappa
Epsilon mothers. Reservations for
the luncheon preceding the meeting
may be made with Mrs. J. W. Wear,
Palo Alto 22026.
Social problems that the student
must face upon leaving college will
be the topic for the meeting of the
Stanford Mothers' Club this after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse at
2 o'clock.
Miss Christine Ricker, head of din
ing halls and lecturer in "Hygiene
for Women," will outline her course
in "Women in the Home." "Per
sonal Problems in Modern Society"
will be discussed by Ernest lli 1 -
gard. professor of psychology and
education, and Willaim Hopkins of
the economics department, will talk
on "Trends in Present Day Employ
ment."
Tea will be served by Mrs. Fred L.
Drewes and a group of Delta Kappa
Epsilon mothers. Reservations for
the luncheon preceding the meeting
may be made with Mrs. J. W. Wear,
Palo Alto 22026.
