# Library Given Sukarno Folios
## 
### 
Two folio volumes of colored
reproductions of paintings col
lected by Indonesian President
Sukarno have recently been added
to the library.
Most of the 206 paintings repre
sented are of recent date, and
more than half are scenes of In
donesia by native artists.
The volumes were published in
an edition of 500 copies by the
People's Fine Arts Publishing
House in Peking in 1957 with an
accompanying text in four lan
guages â€” Indonesian, Chinese,
English, and Russian. The fore
ward indicates the reason for the
venture was "further strengthen
ing and growth of the friendship
and cultural exchange between
the Chinese and Indonesian peo
ples."
