# An Important Forum
## 
### 
Congo riots, aparthied and the,
Monckton report on the Central
African Federation express some
of the attitudes toward the estab
lishment of social order in the
racially heterogeneous population
of Africa.
Though there has been in re
cent months much discussion of
this problem, its many implica
tions have not always been fully
examined. Because racial antag
onism is accomplished by eco
nomic and educational inequality,
the question cannot be confined
to racial aspects alone.
The many facets of multiracial
relations are to be explored by
the African Forum sponsored by
the lIR which is to be held Nov.
29 and 30. The program will be
keynoted at 7:15 Tuesday night
in the Physics lecture hall by
Geoffrey Pardey, industrial con
sultant from Southern Rhodesia
and member of the Executive of
the Central African Party, the
only multiracial party in South
ern Rhodesia. Pardey is in the
Stanford Research Institute's pro
gram on African industrial devel
opment.
"Differences in Multiracial So
cieties: A comparison between
East and South Africa," will be
the topic of a panel at 7:15
Wednesday night in Cubberley
Auditorium.
William Moran, chairman of
the panel from SRI. will discuss
economic development in a multi
racial society. Jim Maine from
Kenya will discuss the success of j
Multiracialism in East Africa,
Mahini Pai will analyze the role i
of the Indian in Africa and Ar
thur Lith will discuss the policy
of aparthied. The panel will be
followed by four discussion
groups on topics related to the
central theme: Multiracialism in
Africa.
Group one, led by Fred Savage,
foreign scholar from Sierra
Leone, will discuss "Politics and

Multiracialism—East Africa," a
topic covering constitutional de
velopments since Mau Man ter
rorism, African nationalism and
the concept of black supremacy,
tribal unity or friction, and tri
racial—English, Indian, and Afri
can—society.
Group two, "Multiracialism and
Economic Growth —East Africa,"
will be led by Dr. William O.
Jones of Food Research and will
include the transition from a tra
ditional to a modern economy,
and the opportunities and incen
tives in a multiracial state for
economic growth.
Group three, led by Dr. Bruce
F. Johnston, also of Food Re
search, will be concerned with
"Multiracialism and Economic
Growth—South and Central
Africa," a discussion of the eco
nomic problems peculiar to the
Federation of the Rhodesias and
Nyasaland, and the important
economic implications of the pol
icy of aparthied.
Peter Duignan, curator of the
Africa collection in Hoover In
stitute will conduct group four.
"Politics of Inequality—South
and Central Africa," including the
differences between Afrikaaner
and English-speaking citizens of
South Africa, the significance of
the Monckton Report, and the
Afrikaaner Bantustan Plan, the
final goal of which is total sep
aration of the races.
The African Forum is the cul
mination of the fall quarter ac
tivities of the African Desk,
which has sponsored an evening
seminar, lunch-time discussion
group at the I-Center, and discus
sion groups in Roble, Lagunita,
Branner, Wilbur and Stern.
African students and visitors
from Africa have been active in
making the program a success.
Sign-ups are now open for par
ticipation in the discussion groups
at Engineering Corner and in the
living groups.
