# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Harry Wolter will meet with
managers of intramural football
teams tonight at 7:15 p.m. on the
secern! floor of (he B.A.C. build
ing.
Harry Wolter will meet with
managers of intramural football
teams tonight at 7:15 p.m. on the
secern! floor of (he B.A.C. build
ing.
Harry Wolter will meet with
managers of intramural football
teams tonight at 7:15 p.m. on the
secern! floor of (he B.A.C. build
ing.
Harry Wolter will meet with
managers of intramural football
teams tonight at 7:15 p.m. on the
secern! floor of (he B.A.C. build
ing.
Harry Wolter will meet with
managers of intramural football
teams tonight at 7:15 p.m. on the
secern! floor of (he B.A.C. build
ing.
Harry Wolter will meet with
managers of intramural football
teams tonight at 7:15 p.m. on the
secern! floor of (he B.A.C. build
ing.
Harry Wolter will meet with
managers of intramural football
teams tonight at 7:15 p.m. on the
secern! floor of (he B.A.C. build
ing.
Harry Wolter will meet with
managers of intramural football
teams tonight at 7:15 p.m. on the
secern! floor of (he B.A.C. build
ing.
Harry Wolter will meet with
managers of intramural football
teams tonight at 7:15 p.m. on the
secern! floor of (he B.A.C. build
ing.
Harry Wolter will meet with
managers of intramural football
teams tonight at 7:15 p.m. on the
secern! floor of (he B.A.C. build
ing.
Harry Wolter will meet with
managers of intramural football
teams tonight at 7:15 p.m. on the
secern! floor of (he B.A.C. build
ing.
Harry Wolter will meet with
managers of intramural football
teams tonight at 7:15 p.m. on the
secern! floor of (he B.A.C. build
ing.
Harry Wolter will meet with
managers of intramural football
teams tonight at 7:15 p.m. on the
secern! floor of (he B.A.C. build
ing.
Harry Wolter will meet with
managers of intramural football
teams tonight at 7:15 p.m. on the
secern! floor of (he B.A.C. build
ing.
Harry Wolter will meet with
managers of intramural football
teams tonight at 7:15 p.m. on the
secern! floor of (he B.A.C. build
ing.
Harry Wolter will meet with
managers of intramural football
teams tonight at 7:15 p.m. on the
secern! floor of (he B.A.C. build
ing.
Harry Wolter will meet with
managers of intramural football
teams tonight at 7:15 p.m. on the
secern! floor of (he B.A.C. build
ing.
Harry Wolter will meet with
managers of intramural football
teams tonight at 7:15 p.m. on the
secern! floor of (he B.A.C. build
ing.
