# Tennis Club Ends Tryoutee Games
## 
### 
Last day for women students to
try out for membership in the Ten
nis Club, except by special arrange
ment, has been set for Wednesday
from 4 to 5 p.m.
Applicants are requested to be on
the courts at that time with two new
balls, unless they have arranged an
other time with Sis Larkin or Miss
Luell Weed. Plans of the club in
clude sponsoring an All-University
Women's Tennis Tournament this
quarter.
Last day for women students to
try out for membership in the Ten
nis Club, except by special arrange
ment, has been set for Wednesday
from 4 to 5 p.m.
Applicants are requested to be on
the courts at that time with two new
balls, unless they have arranged an
other time with Sis Larkin or Miss
Luell Weed. Plans of the club in
clude sponsoring an All-University
Women's Tennis Tournament this
quarter.
Last day for women students to
try out for membership in the Ten
nis Club, except by special arrange
ment, has been set for Wednesday
from 4 to 5 p.m.
Applicants are requested to be on
the courts at that time with two new
balls, unless they have arranged an
other time with Sis Larkin or Miss
Luell Weed. Plans of the club in
clude sponsoring an All-University
Women's Tennis Tournament this
quarter.
Last day for women students to
try out for membership in the Ten
nis Club, except by special arrange
ment, has been set for Wednesday
from 4 to 5 p.m.
Applicants are requested to be on
the courts at that time with two new
balls, unless they have arranged an
other time with Sis Larkin or Miss
Luell Weed. Plans of the club in
clude sponsoring an All-University
Women's Tennis Tournament this
quarter.
Last day for women students to
try out for membership in the Ten
nis Club, except by special arrange
ment, has been set for Wednesday
from 4 to 5 p.m.
Applicants are requested to be on
the courts at that time with two new
balls, unless they have arranged an
other time with Sis Larkin or Miss
Luell Weed. Plans of the club in
clude sponsoring an All-University
Women's Tennis Tournament this
quarter.
Last day for women students to
try out for membership in the Ten
nis Club, except by special arrange
ment, has been set for Wednesday
from 4 to 5 p.m.
Applicants are requested to be on
the courts at that time with two new
balls, unless they have arranged an
other time with Sis Larkin or Miss
Luell Weed. Plans of the club in
clude sponsoring an All-University
Women's Tennis Tournament this
quarter.
Last day for women students to
try out for membership in the Ten
nis Club, except by special arrange
ment, has been set for Wednesday
from 4 to 5 p.m.
Applicants are requested to be on
the courts at that time with two new
balls, unless they have arranged an
other time with Sis Larkin or Miss
Luell Weed. Plans of the club in
clude sponsoring an All-University
Women's Tennis Tournament this
quarter.
Last day for women students to
try out for membership in the Ten
nis Club, except by special arrange
ment, has been set for Wednesday
from 4 to 5 p.m.
Applicants are requested to be on
the courts at that time with two new
balls, unless they have arranged an
other time with Sis Larkin or Miss
Luell Weed. Plans of the club in
clude sponsoring an All-University
Women's Tennis Tournament this
quarter.
Last day for women students to
try out for membership in the Ten
nis Club, except by special arrange
ment, has been set for Wednesday
from 4 to 5 p.m.
Applicants are requested to be on
the courts at that time with two new
balls, unless they have arranged an
other time with Sis Larkin or Miss
Luell Weed. Plans of the club in
clude sponsoring an All-University
Women's Tennis Tournament this
quarter.
Last day for women students to
try out for membership in the Ten
nis Club, except by special arrange
ment, has been set for Wednesday
from 4 to 5 p.m.
Applicants are requested to be on
the courts at that time with two new
balls, unless they have arranged an
other time with Sis Larkin or Miss
Luell Weed. Plans of the club in
clude sponsoring an All-University
Women's Tennis Tournament this
quarter.
Last day for women students to
try out for membership in the Ten
nis Club, except by special arrange
ment, has been set for Wednesday
from 4 to 5 p.m.
Applicants are requested to be on
the courts at that time with two new
balls, unless they have arranged an
other time with Sis Larkin or Miss
Luell Weed. Plans of the club in
clude sponsoring an All-University
Women's Tennis Tournament this
quarter.
Last day for women students to
try out for membership in the Ten
nis Club, except by special arrange
ment, has been set for Wednesday
from 4 to 5 p.m.
Applicants are requested to be on
the courts at that time with two new
balls, unless they have arranged an
other time with Sis Larkin or Miss
Luell Weed. Plans of the club in
clude sponsoring an All-University
Women's Tennis Tournament this
quarter.
Last day for women students to
try out for membership in the Ten
nis Club, except by special arrange
ment, has been set for Wednesday
from 4 to 5 p.m.
Applicants are requested to be on
the courts at that time with two new
balls, unless they have arranged an
other time with Sis Larkin or Miss
Luell Weed. Plans of the club in
clude sponsoring an All-University
Women's Tennis Tournament this
quarter.
Last day for women students to
try out for membership in the Ten
nis Club, except by special arrange
ment, has been set for Wednesday
from 4 to 5 p.m.
Applicants are requested to be on
the courts at that time with two new
balls, unless they have arranged an
other time with Sis Larkin or Miss
Luell Weed. Plans of the club in
clude sponsoring an All-University
Women's Tennis Tournament this
quarter.
Last day for women students to
try out for membership in the Ten
nis Club, except by special arrange
ment, has been set for Wednesday
from 4 to 5 p.m.
Applicants are requested to be on
the courts at that time with two new
balls, unless they have arranged an
other time with Sis Larkin or Miss
Luell Weed. Plans of the club in
clude sponsoring an All-University
Women's Tennis Tournament this
quarter.
Last day for women students to
try out for membership in the Ten
nis Club, except by special arrange
ment, has been set for Wednesday
from 4 to 5 p.m.
Applicants are requested to be on
the courts at that time with two new
balls, unless they have arranged an
other time with Sis Larkin or Miss
Luell Weed. Plans of the club in
clude sponsoring an All-University
Women's Tennis Tournament this
quarter.
Last day for women students to
try out for membership in the Ten
nis Club, except by special arrange
ment, has been set for Wednesday
from 4 to 5 p.m.
Applicants are requested to be on
the courts at that time with two new
balls, unless they have arranged an
other time with Sis Larkin or Miss
Luell Weed. Plans of the club in
clude sponsoring an All-University
Women's Tennis Tournament this
quarter.
Last day for women students to
try out for membership in the Ten
nis Club, except by special arrange
ment, has been set for Wednesday
from 4 to 5 p.m.
Applicants are requested to be on
the courts at that time with two new
balls, unless they have arranged an
other time with Sis Larkin or Miss
Luell Weed. Plans of the club in
clude sponsoring an All-University
Women's Tennis Tournament this
quarter.
