# POINTS OF INTEREST PORTRAYED IN FILM
## 
### 
Points of interest in Santa Clara
and San Mateo counties will be
shown in a one-reel scenic film en
titled "A Rambie Roundabout the
Hoover Home" at the New Stanford
Theatre in Palo Alto, Wednesday to
Friday. The film was prepared by
the San Mateo County Chamber of
Commerce.
Points of interest in Santa Clara
and San Mateo counties will be
shown in a one-reel scenic film en
titled "A Rambie Roundabout the
Hoover Home" at the New Stanford
Theatre in Palo Alto, Wednesday to
Friday. The film was prepared by
the San Mateo County Chamber of
Commerce.
Points of interest in Santa Clara
and San Mateo counties will be
shown in a one-reel scenic film en
titled "A Rambie Roundabout the
Hoover Home" at the New Stanford
Theatre in Palo Alto, Wednesday to
Friday. The film was prepared by
the San Mateo County Chamber of
Commerce.
Points of interest in Santa Clara
and San Mateo counties will be
shown in a one-reel scenic film en
titled "A Rambie Roundabout the
Hoover Home" at the New Stanford
Theatre in Palo Alto, Wednesday to
Friday. The film was prepared by
the San Mateo County Chamber of
Commerce.
Points of interest in Santa Clara
and San Mateo counties will be
shown in a one-reel scenic film en
titled "A Rambie Roundabout the
Hoover Home" at the New Stanford
Theatre in Palo Alto, Wednesday to
Friday. The film was prepared by
the San Mateo County Chamber of
Commerce.
Points of interest in Santa Clara
and San Mateo counties will be
shown in a one-reel scenic film en
titled "A Rambie Roundabout the
Hoover Home" at the New Stanford
Theatre in Palo Alto, Wednesday to
Friday. The film was prepared by
the San Mateo County Chamber of
Commerce.
Points of interest in Santa Clara
and San Mateo counties will be
shown in a one-reel scenic film en
titled "A Rambie Roundabout the
Hoover Home" at the New Stanford
Theatre in Palo Alto, Wednesday to
Friday. The film was prepared by
the San Mateo County Chamber of
Commerce.
Points of interest in Santa Clara
and San Mateo counties will be
shown in a one-reel scenic film en
titled "A Rambie Roundabout the
Hoover Home" at the New Stanford
Theatre in Palo Alto, Wednesday to
Friday. The film was prepared by
the San Mateo County Chamber of
Commerce.
Points of interest in Santa Clara
and San Mateo counties will be
shown in a one-reel scenic film en
titled "A Rambie Roundabout the
Hoover Home" at the New Stanford
Theatre in Palo Alto, Wednesday to
Friday. The film was prepared by
the San Mateo County Chamber of
Commerce.
Points of interest in Santa Clara
and San Mateo counties will be
shown in a one-reel scenic film en
titled "A Rambie Roundabout the
Hoover Home" at the New Stanford
Theatre in Palo Alto, Wednesday to
Friday. The film was prepared by
the San Mateo County Chamber of
Commerce.
Points of interest in Santa Clara
and San Mateo counties will be
shown in a one-reel scenic film en
titled "A Rambie Roundabout the
Hoover Home" at the New Stanford
Theatre in Palo Alto, Wednesday to
Friday. The film was prepared by
the San Mateo County Chamber of
Commerce.
Points of interest in Santa Clara
and San Mateo counties will be
shown in a one-reel scenic film en
titled "A Rambie Roundabout the
Hoover Home" at the New Stanford
Theatre in Palo Alto, Wednesday to
Friday. The film was prepared by
the San Mateo County Chamber of
Commerce.
Points of interest in Santa Clara
and San Mateo counties will be
shown in a one-reel scenic film en
titled "A Rambie Roundabout the
Hoover Home" at the New Stanford
Theatre in Palo Alto, Wednesday to
Friday. The film was prepared by
the San Mateo County Chamber of
Commerce.
Points of interest in Santa Clara
and San Mateo counties will be
shown in a one-reel scenic film en
titled "A Rambie Roundabout the
Hoover Home" at the New Stanford
Theatre in Palo Alto, Wednesday to
Friday. The film was prepared by
the San Mateo County Chamber of
Commerce.
Points of interest in Santa Clara
and San Mateo counties will be
shown in a one-reel scenic film en
titled "A Rambie Roundabout the
Hoover Home" at the New Stanford
Theatre in Palo Alto, Wednesday to
Friday. The film was prepared by
the San Mateo County Chamber of
Commerce.
Points of interest in Santa Clara
and San Mateo counties will be
shown in a one-reel scenic film en
titled "A Rambie Roundabout the
Hoover Home" at the New Stanford
Theatre in Palo Alto, Wednesday to
Friday. The film was prepared by
the San Mateo County Chamber of
Commerce.
Points of interest in Santa Clara
and San Mateo counties will be
shown in a one-reel scenic film en
titled "A Rambie Roundabout the
Hoover Home" at the New Stanford
Theatre in Palo Alto, Wednesday to
Friday. The film was prepared by
the San Mateo County Chamber of
Commerce.
