# Untitled Article
## 
### 
SALT LAKE CITY, Nov. 25. (Æ)—The
University of Utah advised the
University of Southern California
today that it would be interested in
a post season football game, to be
played December 20 at Los Angeles.
SALT LAKE CITY, Nov. 25. (Æ)—The
University of Utah advised the
University of Southern California
today that it would be interested in
a post season football game, to be
played December 20 at Los Angeles.
SALT LAKE CITY, Nov. 25. (Æ)—The
University of Utah advised the
University of Southern California
today that it would be interested in
a post season football game, to be
played December 20 at Los Angeles.
SALT LAKE CITY, Nov. 25. (Æ)—The
University of Utah advised the
University of Southern California
today that it would be interested in
a post season football game, to be
played December 20 at Los Angeles.
SALT LAKE CITY, Nov. 25. (Æ)—The
University of Utah advised the
University of Southern California
today that it would be interested in
a post season football game, to be
played December 20 at Los Angeles.
SALT LAKE CITY, Nov. 25. (Æ)—The
University of Utah advised the
University of Southern California
today that it would be interested in
a post season football game, to be
played December 20 at Los Angeles.
SALT LAKE CITY, Nov. 25. (Æ)—The
University of Utah advised the
University of Southern California
today that it would be interested in
a post season football game, to be
played December 20 at Los Angeles.
SALT LAKE CITY, Nov. 25. (Æ)—The
University of Utah advised the
University of Southern California
today that it would be interested in
a post season football game, to be
played December 20 at Los Angeles.
SALT LAKE CITY, Nov. 25. (Æ)—The
University of Utah advised the
University of Southern California
today that it would be interested in
a post season football game, to be
played December 20 at Los Angeles.
SALT LAKE CITY, Nov. 25. (Æ)—The
University of Utah advised the
University of Southern California
today that it would be interested in
a post season football game, to be
played December 20 at Los Angeles.
SALT LAKE CITY, Nov. 25. (Æ)—The
University of Utah advised the
University of Southern California
today that it would be interested in
a post season football game, to be
played December 20 at Los Angeles.
SALT LAKE CITY, Nov. 25. (Æ)—The
University of Utah advised the
University of Southern California
today that it would be interested in
a post season football game, to be
played December 20 at Los Angeles.
SALT LAKE CITY, Nov. 25. (Æ)—The
University of Utah advised the
University of Southern California
today that it would be interested in
a post season football game, to be
played December 20 at Los Angeles.
SALT LAKE CITY, Nov. 25. (Æ)—The
University of Utah advised the
University of Southern California
today that it would be interested in
a post season football game, to be
played December 20 at Los Angeles.
SALT LAKE CITY, Nov. 25. (Æ)—The
University of Utah advised the
University of Southern California
today that it would be interested in
a post season football game, to be
played December 20 at Los Angeles.
SALT LAKE CITY, Nov. 25. (Æ)—The
University of Utah advised the
University of Southern California
today that it would be interested in
a post season football game, to be
played December 20 at Los Angeles.
SALT LAKE CITY, Nov. 25. (Æ)—The
University of Utah advised the
University of Southern California
today that it would be interested in
a post season football game, to be
played December 20 at Los Angeles.
