# FELTON MEMORIAL COLLECTION SHOWS INTERESTING BOOKS
## 
### 
Two particularly interesting sets
of books have been included in the
collections in the Felton Memorial
Library. Three of Thornton Wilder's
editions and several of Mark Twain's
make up the sets.
The copy of Twain's "Life on the
Mississippi" which belonged to Re
becca Boas, the "Becky" of Tom
Sawyer, has been presented to the
library along with first editions of
"A Connecticut Yankee in King
Arthur's Court," "Innocents Abroad,"
"Sketches Old and New," and
"Autobiography and First Romance,"
a burlesque.
It is interesting to note that sev
eral mistakes appear on these edi
tions which were later corrected.
The title on the title page and the
cover do not agree in several in
stances, and the pages of one copy
were numbered incorrectly.
"The Bridge of San Luis Rey," by
Thornton Wlider, was first printed
in England. A copy of this first edi
tion as well as the first American
edition are on the shelves in this
.library. A collection of dramatic
sketches entitled "The Angel that
Troubled the vVatcrs" has also been
secured in the first edition.
