# THETA PLEDGE
## 
### 
Kappa Alpha Theta announces the
pledging of Veva Jane Haehl, '33.
Kappa Alpha Theta announces the
pledging of Veva Jane Haehl, '33.
Kappa Alpha Theta announces the
pledging of Veva Jane Haehl, '33.
Kappa Alpha Theta announces the
pledging of Veva Jane Haehl, '33.
Kappa Alpha Theta announces the
pledging of Veva Jane Haehl, '33.
Kappa Alpha Theta announces the
pledging of Veva Jane Haehl, '33.
Kappa Alpha Theta announces the
pledging of Veva Jane Haehl, '33.
Kappa Alpha Theta announces the
pledging of Veva Jane Haehl, '33.
Kappa Alpha Theta announces the
pledging of Veva Jane Haehl, '33.
Kappa Alpha Theta announces the
pledging of Veva Jane Haehl, '33.
Kappa Alpha Theta announces the
pledging of Veva Jane Haehl, '33.
Kappa Alpha Theta announces the
pledging of Veva Jane Haehl, '33.
Kappa Alpha Theta announces the
pledging of Veva Jane Haehl, '33.
Kappa Alpha Theta announces the
pledging of Veva Jane Haehl, '33.
Kappa Alpha Theta announces the
pledging of Veva Jane Haehl, '33.
Kappa Alpha Theta announces the
pledging of Veva Jane Haehl, '33.
Kappa Alpha Theta announces the
pledging of Veva Jane Haehl, '33.
