# NO PLANS COMPLETED FOR FENCING CONTEST
## 
### 
No answer has yet been received
concerning the projected foil fenc
ing contest with California slated
for Thursday, December 3, accord
ing to Elwyn Bugge, Stanford fenc
ing coach.
If word is not received today the
match will not take place but a
round robin match for members of
the Stanford squad will be held in
stead. The date for this match has
been fixed tentatively for Decem
ber 12.
No answer has yet been received
concerning the projected foil fenc
ing contest with California slated
for Thursday, December 3, accord
ing to Elwyn Bugge, Stanford fenc
ing coach.
If word is not received today the
match will not take place but a
round robin match for members of
the Stanford squad will be held in
stead. The date for this match has
been fixed tentatively for Decem
ber 12.
No answer has yet been received
concerning the projected foil fenc
ing contest with California slated
for Thursday, December 3, accord
ing to Elwyn Bugge, Stanford fenc
ing coach.
If word is not received today the
match will not take place but a
round robin match for members of
the Stanford squad will be held in
stead. The date for this match has
been fixed tentatively for Decem
ber 12.
No answer has yet been received
concerning the projected foil fenc
ing contest with California slated
for Thursday, December 3, accord
ing to Elwyn Bugge, Stanford fenc
ing coach.
If word is not received today the
match will not take place but a
round robin match for members of
the Stanford squad will be held in
stead. The date for this match has
been fixed tentatively for Decem
ber 12.
No answer has yet been received
concerning the projected foil fenc
ing contest with California slated
for Thursday, December 3, accord
ing to Elwyn Bugge, Stanford fenc
ing coach.
If word is not received today the
match will not take place but a
round robin match for members of
the Stanford squad will be held in
stead. The date for this match has
been fixed tentatively for Decem
ber 12.
No answer has yet been received
concerning the projected foil fenc
ing contest with California slated
for Thursday, December 3, accord
ing to Elwyn Bugge, Stanford fenc
ing coach.
If word is not received today the
match will not take place but a
round robin match for members of
the Stanford squad will be held in
stead. The date for this match has
been fixed tentatively for Decem
ber 12.
No answer has yet been received
concerning the projected foil fenc
ing contest with California slated
for Thursday, December 3, accord
ing to Elwyn Bugge, Stanford fenc
ing coach.
If word is not received today the
match will not take place but a
round robin match for members of
the Stanford squad will be held in
stead. The date for this match has
been fixed tentatively for Decem
ber 12.
No answer has yet been received
concerning the projected foil fenc
ing contest with California slated
for Thursday, December 3, accord
ing to Elwyn Bugge, Stanford fenc
ing coach.
If word is not received today the
match will not take place but a
round robin match for members of
the Stanford squad will be held in
stead. The date for this match has
been fixed tentatively for Decem
ber 12.
No answer has yet been received
concerning the projected foil fenc
ing contest with California slated
for Thursday, December 3, accord
ing to Elwyn Bugge, Stanford fenc
ing coach.
If word is not received today the
match will not take place but a
round robin match for members of
the Stanford squad will be held in
stead. The date for this match has
been fixed tentatively for Decem
ber 12.
No answer has yet been received
concerning the projected foil fenc
ing contest with California slated
for Thursday, December 3, accord
ing to Elwyn Bugge, Stanford fenc
ing coach.
If word is not received today the
match will not take place but a
round robin match for members of
the Stanford squad will be held in
stead. The date for this match has
been fixed tentatively for Decem
ber 12.
No answer has yet been received
concerning the projected foil fenc
ing contest with California slated
for Thursday, December 3, accord
ing to Elwyn Bugge, Stanford fenc
ing coach.
If word is not received today the
match will not take place but a
round robin match for members of
the Stanford squad will be held in
stead. The date for this match has
been fixed tentatively for Decem
ber 12.
No answer has yet been received
concerning the projected foil fenc
ing contest with California slated
for Thursday, December 3, accord
ing to Elwyn Bugge, Stanford fenc
ing coach.
If word is not received today the
match will not take place but a
round robin match for members of
the Stanford squad will be held in
stead. The date for this match has
been fixed tentatively for Decem
ber 12.
No answer has yet been received
concerning the projected foil fenc
ing contest with California slated
for Thursday, December 3, accord
ing to Elwyn Bugge, Stanford fenc
ing coach.
If word is not received today the
match will not take place but a
round robin match for members of
the Stanford squad will be held in
stead. The date for this match has
been fixed tentatively for Decem
ber 12.
No answer has yet been received
concerning the projected foil fenc
ing contest with California slated
for Thursday, December 3, accord
ing to Elwyn Bugge, Stanford fenc
ing coach.
If word is not received today the
match will not take place but a
round robin match for members of
the Stanford squad will be held in
stead. The date for this match has
been fixed tentatively for Decem
ber 12.
No answer has yet been received
concerning the projected foil fenc
ing contest with California slated
for Thursday, December 3, accord
ing to Elwyn Bugge, Stanford fenc
ing coach.
If word is not received today the
match will not take place but a
round robin match for members of
the Stanford squad will be held in
stead. The date for this match has
been fixed tentatively for Decem
ber 12.
No answer has yet been received
concerning the projected foil fenc
ing contest with California slated
for Thursday, December 3, accord
ing to Elwyn Bugge, Stanford fenc
ing coach.
If word is not received today the
match will not take place but a
round robin match for members of
the Stanford squad will be held in
stead. The date for this match has
been fixed tentatively for Decem
ber 12.
No answer has yet been received
concerning the projected foil fenc
ing contest with California slated
for Thursday, December 3, accord
ing to Elwyn Bugge, Stanford fenc
ing coach.
If word is not received today the
match will not take place but a
round robin match for members of
the Stanford squad will be held in
stead. The date for this match has
been fixed tentatively for Decem
ber 12.
