# BEIRUT PROFESSOR DESCRIBES COURSES
## 
### 
Khalid E. Tabct of the American
University at Beirut, Lebanon, de
scribed the medical, arts and sei
enees, and preparatory divisions of
the institution at Monday ; night's
meeting of Phi Delta Kappa, honor
ary educational fraternity, in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Herbert Popenoe was elected pres
ident to replace C. Gilbert Wronn,
resigned because of other work.
Khalid E. Tabct of the American
University at Beirut, Lebanon, de
scribed the medical, arts and sei
enees, and preparatory divisions of
the institution at Monday ; night's
meeting of Phi Delta Kappa, honor
ary educational fraternity, in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Herbert Popenoe was elected pres
ident to replace C. Gilbert Wronn,
resigned because of other work.
Khalid E. Tabct of the American
University at Beirut, Lebanon, de
scribed the medical, arts and sei
enees, and preparatory divisions of
the institution at Monday ; night's
meeting of Phi Delta Kappa, honor
ary educational fraternity, in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Herbert Popenoe was elected pres
ident to replace C. Gilbert Wronn,
resigned because of other work.
Khalid E. Tabct of the American
University at Beirut, Lebanon, de
scribed the medical, arts and sei
enees, and preparatory divisions of
the institution at Monday ; night's
meeting of Phi Delta Kappa, honor
ary educational fraternity, in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Herbert Popenoe was elected pres
ident to replace C. Gilbert Wronn,
resigned because of other work.
Khalid E. Tabct of the American
University at Beirut, Lebanon, de
scribed the medical, arts and sei
enees, and preparatory divisions of
the institution at Monday ; night's
meeting of Phi Delta Kappa, honor
ary educational fraternity, in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Herbert Popenoe was elected pres
ident to replace C. Gilbert Wronn,
resigned because of other work.
Khalid E. Tabct of the American
University at Beirut, Lebanon, de
scribed the medical, arts and sei
enees, and preparatory divisions of
the institution at Monday ; night's
meeting of Phi Delta Kappa, honor
ary educational fraternity, in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Herbert Popenoe was elected pres
ident to replace C. Gilbert Wronn,
resigned because of other work.
Khalid E. Tabct of the American
University at Beirut, Lebanon, de
scribed the medical, arts and sei
enees, and preparatory divisions of
the institution at Monday ; night's
meeting of Phi Delta Kappa, honor
ary educational fraternity, in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Herbert Popenoe was elected pres
ident to replace C. Gilbert Wronn,
resigned because of other work.
Khalid E. Tabct of the American
University at Beirut, Lebanon, de
scribed the medical, arts and sei
enees, and preparatory divisions of
the institution at Monday ; night's
meeting of Phi Delta Kappa, honor
ary educational fraternity, in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Herbert Popenoe was elected pres
ident to replace C. Gilbert Wronn,
resigned because of other work.
Khalid E. Tabct of the American
University at Beirut, Lebanon, de
scribed the medical, arts and sei
enees, and preparatory divisions of
the institution at Monday ; night's
meeting of Phi Delta Kappa, honor
ary educational fraternity, in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Herbert Popenoe was elected pres
ident to replace C. Gilbert Wronn,
resigned because of other work.
Khalid E. Tabct of the American
University at Beirut, Lebanon, de
scribed the medical, arts and sei
enees, and preparatory divisions of
the institution at Monday ; night's
meeting of Phi Delta Kappa, honor
ary educational fraternity, in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Herbert Popenoe was elected pres
ident to replace C. Gilbert Wronn,
resigned because of other work.
Khalid E. Tabct of the American
University at Beirut, Lebanon, de
scribed the medical, arts and sei
enees, and preparatory divisions of
the institution at Monday ; night's
meeting of Phi Delta Kappa, honor
ary educational fraternity, in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Herbert Popenoe was elected pres
ident to replace C. Gilbert Wronn,
resigned because of other work.
Khalid E. Tabct of the American
University at Beirut, Lebanon, de
scribed the medical, arts and sei
enees, and preparatory divisions of
the institution at Monday ; night's
meeting of Phi Delta Kappa, honor
ary educational fraternity, in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Herbert Popenoe was elected pres
ident to replace C. Gilbert Wronn,
resigned because of other work.
Khalid E. Tabct of the American
University at Beirut, Lebanon, de
scribed the medical, arts and sei
enees, and preparatory divisions of
the institution at Monday ; night's
meeting of Phi Delta Kappa, honor
ary educational fraternity, in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Herbert Popenoe was elected pres
ident to replace C. Gilbert Wronn,
resigned because of other work.
Khalid E. Tabct of the American
University at Beirut, Lebanon, de
scribed the medical, arts and sei
enees, and preparatory divisions of
the institution at Monday ; night's
meeting of Phi Delta Kappa, honor
ary educational fraternity, in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Herbert Popenoe was elected pres
ident to replace C. Gilbert Wronn,
resigned because of other work.
Khalid E. Tabct of the American
University at Beirut, Lebanon, de
scribed the medical, arts and sei
enees, and preparatory divisions of
the institution at Monday ; night's
meeting of Phi Delta Kappa, honor
ary educational fraternity, in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Herbert Popenoe was elected pres
ident to replace C. Gilbert Wronn,
resigned because of other work.
Khalid E. Tabct of the American
University at Beirut, Lebanon, de
scribed the medical, arts and sei
enees, and preparatory divisions of
the institution at Monday ; night's
meeting of Phi Delta Kappa, honor
ary educational fraternity, in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Herbert Popenoe was elected pres
ident to replace C. Gilbert Wronn,
resigned because of other work.
Khalid E. Tabct of the American
University at Beirut, Lebanon, de
scribed the medical, arts and sei
enees, and preparatory divisions of
the institution at Monday ; night's
meeting of Phi Delta Kappa, honor
ary educational fraternity, in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Herbert Popenoe was elected pres
ident to replace C. Gilbert Wronn,
resigned because of other work.
