# MISS DOYLE TO READ
## 
### 
Miss Doyle, Roble social director,
will read at the Vesper Service Sun
day afternoon at 5:15 o'clock in the
Y.W.C.A. rooms.
Miss Doyle, Roble social director,
will read at the Vesper Service Sun
day afternoon at 5:15 o'clock in the
Y.W.C.A. rooms.
Miss Doyle, Roble social director,
will read at the Vesper Service Sun
day afternoon at 5:15 o'clock in the
Y.W.C.A. rooms.
Miss Doyle, Roble social director,
will read at the Vesper Service Sun
day afternoon at 5:15 o'clock in the
Y.W.C.A. rooms.
Miss Doyle, Roble social director,
will read at the Vesper Service Sun
day afternoon at 5:15 o'clock in the
Y.W.C.A. rooms.
Miss Doyle, Roble social director,
will read at the Vesper Service Sun
day afternoon at 5:15 o'clock in the
Y.W.C.A. rooms.
Miss Doyle, Roble social director,
will read at the Vesper Service Sun
day afternoon at 5:15 o'clock in the
Y.W.C.A. rooms.
Miss Doyle, Roble social director,
will read at the Vesper Service Sun
day afternoon at 5:15 o'clock in the
Y.W.C.A. rooms.
Miss Doyle, Roble social director,
will read at the Vesper Service Sun
day afternoon at 5:15 o'clock in the
Y.W.C.A. rooms.
Miss Doyle, Roble social director,
will read at the Vesper Service Sun
day afternoon at 5:15 o'clock in the
Y.W.C.A. rooms.
Miss Doyle, Roble social director,
will read at the Vesper Service Sun
day afternoon at 5:15 o'clock in the
Y.W.C.A. rooms.
Miss Doyle, Roble social director,
will read at the Vesper Service Sun
day afternoon at 5:15 o'clock in the
Y.W.C.A. rooms.
Miss Doyle, Roble social director,
will read at the Vesper Service Sun
day afternoon at 5:15 o'clock in the
Y.W.C.A. rooms.
Miss Doyle, Roble social director,
will read at the Vesper Service Sun
day afternoon at 5:15 o'clock in the
Y.W.C.A. rooms.
Miss Doyle, Roble social director,
will read at the Vesper Service Sun
day afternoon at 5:15 o'clock in the
Y.W.C.A. rooms.
Miss Doyle, Roble social director,
will read at the Vesper Service Sun
day afternoon at 5:15 o'clock in the
Y.W.C.A. rooms.
Miss Doyle, Roble social director,
will read at the Vesper Service Sun
day afternoon at 5:15 o'clock in the
Y.W.C.A. rooms.
