# Heffner Plans Four-Quarter Speech Year
## Drama Department To Give 'Tartuffe'; Vance to Direct 
### 
Questioned regarding the advisa
bility of students returning to Stan
ford in the summer, Professor of
Dramatic Literature Hubert Crouse
Heffner said, "It is absolutely the
thing to do. Students work better
under the momentum of continual
.study and there is no problem of
re-orientation as in the fall."
Professor Heffner added that he
thought that students really inter
ested in learning should utilize the
four-quarter system, even in peace
time.
The Sanford speech and drama
department last night announced a
curriculum for summer quarter
that will not only include but will
exceed the curriculum of other
quarters. The department in the past
two years has augmented summer
quarter until it is becoming the
most important quarter of the year.
In addition to the regular class and
laboratory productions, two major
plays are planned. The first, writ
ten by Alladine Bell, a graduate
teacher from Stanford, is called
"Daisies on the Car Tracks," a com
edy of life in Utah. Mrs. Aurania
Rouverol, who did the Andy Hardy
series, has read the play, and has
agreed to direct it.
The other major production is Mo
liere's "Tartuffe," which will be di
rected by Mr. Charles Vance.
In addition to the regular schedule,
there will be a two-day seminar dis
cussion at which many eminent di
rectors will be present. The seminar
will discuss technical aspects of di
recting. It will not be open to the
public.
