# McClintock Denies Stamp Day 'Failure'
## 
### 
Colin McClintork. who spoke
Sunday night in Memorial Theater
to the crowd of movie-goers, last
night said he did not hrand Stan
ford's first War Stamp Day a
"failure." as he was quoted in
yesterday's Daily.
Colin McClintork. who spoke
Sunday night in Memorial Theater
to the crowd of movie-goers, last
night said he did not hrand Stan
ford's first War Stamp Day a
"failure." as he was quoted in
yesterday's Daily.
Colin McClintork. who spoke
Sunday night in Memorial Theater
to the crowd of movie-goers, last
night said he did not hrand Stan
ford's first War Stamp Day a
"failure." as he was quoted in
yesterday's Daily.
Colin McClintork. who spoke
Sunday night in Memorial Theater
to the crowd of movie-goers, last
night said he did not hrand Stan
ford's first War Stamp Day a
"failure." as he was quoted in
yesterday's Daily.
Colin McClintork. who spoke
Sunday night in Memorial Theater
to the crowd of movie-goers, last
night said he did not hrand Stan
ford's first War Stamp Day a
"failure." as he was quoted in
yesterday's Daily.
Colin McClintork. who spoke
Sunday night in Memorial Theater
to the crowd of movie-goers, last
night said he did not hrand Stan
ford's first War Stamp Day a
"failure." as he was quoted in
yesterday's Daily.
Colin McClintork. who spoke
Sunday night in Memorial Theater
to the crowd of movie-goers, last
night said he did not hrand Stan
ford's first War Stamp Day a
"failure." as he was quoted in
yesterday's Daily.
Colin McClintork. who spoke
Sunday night in Memorial Theater
to the crowd of movie-goers, last
night said he did not hrand Stan
ford's first War Stamp Day a
"failure." as he was quoted in
yesterday's Daily.
Colin McClintork. who spoke
Sunday night in Memorial Theater
to the crowd of movie-goers, last
night said he did not hrand Stan
ford's first War Stamp Day a
"failure." as he was quoted in
yesterday's Daily.
Colin McClintork. who spoke
Sunday night in Memorial Theater
to the crowd of movie-goers, last
night said he did not hrand Stan
ford's first War Stamp Day a
"failure." as he was quoted in
yesterday's Daily.
Colin McClintork. who spoke
Sunday night in Memorial Theater
to the crowd of movie-goers, last
night said he did not hrand Stan
ford's first War Stamp Day a
"failure." as he was quoted in
yesterday's Daily.
Colin McClintork. who spoke
Sunday night in Memorial Theater
to the crowd of movie-goers, last
night said he did not hrand Stan
ford's first War Stamp Day a
"failure." as he was quoted in
yesterday's Daily.
Colin McClintork. who spoke
Sunday night in Memorial Theater
to the crowd of movie-goers, last
night said he did not hrand Stan
ford's first War Stamp Day a
"failure." as he was quoted in
yesterday's Daily.
Colin McClintork. who spoke
Sunday night in Memorial Theater
to the crowd of movie-goers, last
night said he did not hrand Stan
ford's first War Stamp Day a
"failure." as he was quoted in
yesterday's Daily.
Colin McClintork. who spoke
Sunday night in Memorial Theater
to the crowd of movie-goers, last
night said he did not hrand Stan
ford's first War Stamp Day a
"failure." as he was quoted in
yesterday's Daily.
Colin McClintork. who spoke
Sunday night in Memorial Theater
to the crowd of movie-goers, last
night said he did not hrand Stan
ford's first War Stamp Day a
"failure." as he was quoted in
yesterday's Daily.
Colin McClintork. who spoke
Sunday night in Memorial Theater
to the crowd of movie-goers, last
night said he did not hrand Stan
ford's first War Stamp Day a
"failure." as he was quoted in
yesterday's Daily.
Colin McClintork. who spoke
Sunday night in Memorial Theater
to the crowd of movie-goers, last
night said he did not hrand Stan
ford's first War Stamp Day a
"failure." as he was quoted in
yesterday's Daily.
