# EMPLOYMENT OFFERED
## 
### 
Room and board jobs for the rest
of the summer and for next quarter
are available, according to Mrs.
Irene Coverley in the Student Em
ployment Office.
Room and board jobs for the rest
of the summer and for next quarter
are available, according to Mrs.
Irene Coverley in the Student Em
ployment Office.
Room and board jobs for the rest
of the summer and for next quarter
are available, according to Mrs.
Irene Coverley in the Student Em
ployment Office.
Room and board jobs for the rest
of the summer and for next quarter
are available, according to Mrs.
Irene Coverley in the Student Em
ployment Office.
Room and board jobs for the rest
of the summer and for next quarter
are available, according to Mrs.
Irene Coverley in the Student Em
ployment Office.
Room and board jobs for the rest
of the summer and for next quarter
are available, according to Mrs.
Irene Coverley in the Student Em
ployment Office.
Room and board jobs for the rest
of the summer and for next quarter
are available, according to Mrs.
Irene Coverley in the Student Em
ployment Office.
Room and board jobs for the rest
of the summer and for next quarter
are available, according to Mrs.
Irene Coverley in the Student Em
ployment Office.
Room and board jobs for the rest
of the summer and for next quarter
are available, according to Mrs.
Irene Coverley in the Student Em
ployment Office.
Room and board jobs for the rest
of the summer and for next quarter
are available, according to Mrs.
Irene Coverley in the Student Em
ployment Office.
Room and board jobs for the rest
of the summer and for next quarter
are available, according to Mrs.
Irene Coverley in the Student Em
ployment Office.
Room and board jobs for the rest
of the summer and for next quarter
are available, according to Mrs.
Irene Coverley in the Student Em
ployment Office.
Room and board jobs for the rest
of the summer and for next quarter
are available, according to Mrs.
Irene Coverley in the Student Em
ployment Office.
Room and board jobs for the rest
of the summer and for next quarter
are available, according to Mrs.
Irene Coverley in the Student Em
ployment Office.
Room and board jobs for the rest
of the summer and for next quarter
are available, according to Mrs.
Irene Coverley in the Student Em
ployment Office.
