# Fredrick Michaels Dies of Typhoid
## 
### 
Typhoid fever claimed the life of
Fredrick Dewey Michaels, former
Stanford student and member of Phi
Kappa Sigma fraternity, last Tues
day morning. When his illness was
identified as typhoid on July 1,
Michaels was removed from his
home in Atherton to the Stanford
Hospital, where he died.
He received his A.B. degree from
Stanford three years ago, and grad
uated from the Stanford Law School
last month.
Funeral services were held this
morning. Burial will be at Cypress
Lawn.
Michaels is survived by his par
ents, Mr. and Mrs. Charles F.
Michaels of Atherton, two brothers,
Henry Michaels of New York, and
Alan J. Michaels of Atherton, and
one sister, Mrs. Blake Darling of
Palo Alto. Mr. Charles Michaels, a
member of the firm of McKesson,
Langley and Michaels, wholesale
druggists, is also a trustee of Menlo
Junior College, where young Mich
aels engaged in preparatory study
before entering Stanford.
As a result of the death, local
health authorities, in co-operation
with the State Department of
Health, are conducting an investiga
tion of possible causes of typhoid
fever in San Mateo County and vi
cinity.
