# Adv. 13 Page 3
## 
### 
Deadline for classified advertis
' ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
' ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
' ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
' ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
' ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
' ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
' ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
' ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
' ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
' ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
' ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
' ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
' ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
' ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
' ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
