# Hit-Run Driver Turns Himself In
## 
### 
The hit-run driver, who smashed
into two cars in front of the Phi
Sig house Monday night, yesterday
voluntarily turned himself in to the
police, who had been carrying on a
search for him.
The driver is Douglass Perry, a
student in the Graduate School of
Business.
The accident occurred early Mon
day night, when Perry, in his dark
blue convertible, was coming around
the curve in front of the Phi Sig
house headed for Lake Lagunita.
On his way, he struck the parked
cars of Bob Baldocchi and Rod Sto
ne. both Phi Sigs. Damage to the
cars was minor.
Perry turned himself in to the po
lice yesterday, and also called Bal
docchi and offered to pay repair
costs for his and Stofle's cars.
The police have not decided what
action they will take,
