# Adv. 5 Page 4
## 
### 
|
heatre
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiijiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuii
Wednesday, Feb. 7
ELSIE FERGUSON in
"Outcast"
Adapted from the play by the
same name with the star in the
original role. David Powell and
Mary MacLaren are in the cast.
DOROTHY DEVORE in
"CHOP SUEY"
Its a Christie Comedy and a riot
KINOGRAMS
FUN FROM THE PRESS
|
heatre
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiijiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuii
Wednesday, Feb. 7
ELSIE FERGUSON in
"Outcast"
Adapted from the play by the
same name with the star in the
original role. David Powell and
Mary MacLaren are in the cast.
DOROTHY DEVORE in
"CHOP SUEY"
Its a Christie Comedy and a riot
KINOGRAMS
FUN FROM THE PRESS
|
heatre
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiijiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuii
Wednesday, Feb. 7
ELSIE FERGUSON in
"Outcast"
Adapted from the play by the
same name with the star in the
original role. David Powell and
Mary MacLaren are in the cast.
DOROTHY DEVORE in
"CHOP SUEY"
Its a Christie Comedy and a riot
KINOGRAMS
FUN FROM THE PRESS
|
heatre
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiijiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuii
Wednesday, Feb. 7
ELSIE FERGUSON in
"Outcast"
Adapted from the play by the
same name with the star in the
original role. David Powell and
Mary MacLaren are in the cast.
DOROTHY DEVORE in
"CHOP SUEY"
Its a Christie Comedy and a riot
KINOGRAMS
FUN FROM THE PRESS
|
heatre
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiijiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuii
Wednesday, Feb. 7
ELSIE FERGUSON in
"Outcast"
Adapted from the play by the
same name with the star in the
original role. David Powell and
Mary MacLaren are in the cast.
DOROTHY DEVORE in
"CHOP SUEY"
Its a Christie Comedy and a riot
KINOGRAMS
FUN FROM THE PRESS
|
heatre
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiijiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuii
Wednesday, Feb. 7
ELSIE FERGUSON in
"Outcast"
Adapted from the play by the
same name with the star in the
original role. David Powell and
Mary MacLaren are in the cast.
DOROTHY DEVORE in
"CHOP SUEY"
Its a Christie Comedy and a riot
KINOGRAMS
FUN FROM THE PRESS
|
heatre
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiijiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuii
Wednesday, Feb. 7
ELSIE FERGUSON in
"Outcast"
Adapted from the play by the
same name with the star in the
original role. David Powell and
Mary MacLaren are in the cast.
DOROTHY DEVORE in
"CHOP SUEY"
Its a Christie Comedy and a riot
KINOGRAMS
FUN FROM THE PRESS
|
heatre
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiijiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuii
Wednesday, Feb. 7
ELSIE FERGUSON in
"Outcast"
Adapted from the play by the
same name with the star in the
original role. David Powell and
Mary MacLaren are in the cast.
DOROTHY DEVORE in
"CHOP SUEY"
Its a Christie Comedy and a riot
KINOGRAMS
FUN FROM THE PRESS
|
heatre
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiijiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuii
Wednesday, Feb. 7
ELSIE FERGUSON in
"Outcast"
Adapted from the play by the
same name with the star in the
original role. David Powell and
Mary MacLaren are in the cast.
DOROTHY DEVORE in
"CHOP SUEY"
Its a Christie Comedy and a riot
KINOGRAMS
FUN FROM THE PRESS
|
heatre
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiijiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuii
Wednesday, Feb. 7
ELSIE FERGUSON in
"Outcast"
Adapted from the play by the
same name with the star in the
original role. David Powell and
Mary MacLaren are in the cast.
DOROTHY DEVORE in
"CHOP SUEY"
Its a Christie Comedy and a riot
KINOGRAMS
FUN FROM THE PRESS
|
heatre
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiijiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuii
Wednesday, Feb. 7
ELSIE FERGUSON in
"Outcast"
Adapted from the play by the
same name with the star in the
original role. David Powell and
Mary MacLaren are in the cast.
DOROTHY DEVORE in
"CHOP SUEY"
Its a Christie Comedy and a riot
KINOGRAMS
FUN FROM THE PRESS
|
heatre
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiijiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuii
Wednesday, Feb. 7
ELSIE FERGUSON in
"Outcast"
Adapted from the play by the
same name with the star in the
original role. David Powell and
Mary MacLaren are in the cast.
DOROTHY DEVORE in
"CHOP SUEY"
Its a Christie Comedy and a riot
KINOGRAMS
FUN FROM THE PRESS
|
heatre
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiijiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuii
Wednesday, Feb. 7
ELSIE FERGUSON in
"Outcast"
Adapted from the play by the
same name with the star in the
original role. David Powell and
Mary MacLaren are in the cast.
DOROTHY DEVORE in
"CHOP SUEY"
Its a Christie Comedy and a riot
KINOGRAMS
FUN FROM THE PRESS
|
heatre
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiijiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuii
Wednesday, Feb. 7
ELSIE FERGUSON in
"Outcast"
Adapted from the play by the
same name with the star in the
original role. David Powell and
Mary MacLaren are in the cast.
DOROTHY DEVORE in
"CHOP SUEY"
Its a Christie Comedy and a riot
KINOGRAMS
FUN FROM THE PRESS
|
heatre
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiijiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuii
Wednesday, Feb. 7
ELSIE FERGUSON in
"Outcast"
Adapted from the play by the
same name with the star in the
original role. David Powell and
Mary MacLaren are in the cast.
DOROTHY DEVORE in
"CHOP SUEY"
Its a Christie Comedy and a riot
KINOGRAMS
FUN FROM THE PRESS
