# LAST CONTINGENT OF ARMY OF OCCUPATION IS HOME
## 
### (By United Press 
SAVANNAH, Ga., Feb. 7.—The last
contingent of the American army of
occupation was nearing home waters
today.
The transport St. Mihiel, returning
3200 soldiers from the Rhine, was
scheduled to dock here about noon.
SAVANNAH, Ga., Feb. 7.—The last
contingent of the American army of
occupation was nearing home waters
today.
The transport St. Mihiel, returning
3200 soldiers from the Rhine, was
scheduled to dock here about noon.
SAVANNAH, Ga., Feb. 7.—The last
contingent of the American army of
occupation was nearing home waters
today.
The transport St. Mihiel, returning
3200 soldiers from the Rhine, was
scheduled to dock here about noon.
SAVANNAH, Ga., Feb. 7.—The last
contingent of the American army of
occupation was nearing home waters
today.
The transport St. Mihiel, returning
3200 soldiers from the Rhine, was
scheduled to dock here about noon.
SAVANNAH, Ga., Feb. 7.—The last
contingent of the American army of
occupation was nearing home waters
today.
The transport St. Mihiel, returning
3200 soldiers from the Rhine, was
scheduled to dock here about noon.
SAVANNAH, Ga., Feb. 7.—The last
contingent of the American army of
occupation was nearing home waters
today.
The transport St. Mihiel, returning
3200 soldiers from the Rhine, was
scheduled to dock here about noon.
SAVANNAH, Ga., Feb. 7.—The last
contingent of the American army of
occupation was nearing home waters
today.
The transport St. Mihiel, returning
3200 soldiers from the Rhine, was
scheduled to dock here about noon.
SAVANNAH, Ga., Feb. 7.—The last
contingent of the American army of
occupation was nearing home waters
today.
The transport St. Mihiel, returning
3200 soldiers from the Rhine, was
scheduled to dock here about noon.
SAVANNAH, Ga., Feb. 7.—The last
contingent of the American army of
occupation was nearing home waters
today.
The transport St. Mihiel, returning
3200 soldiers from the Rhine, was
scheduled to dock here about noon.
SAVANNAH, Ga., Feb. 7.—The last
contingent of the American army of
occupation was nearing home waters
today.
The transport St. Mihiel, returning
3200 soldiers from the Rhine, was
scheduled to dock here about noon.
SAVANNAH, Ga., Feb. 7.—The last
contingent of the American army of
occupation was nearing home waters
today.
The transport St. Mihiel, returning
3200 soldiers from the Rhine, was
scheduled to dock here about noon.
SAVANNAH, Ga., Feb. 7.—The last
contingent of the American army of
occupation was nearing home waters
today.
The transport St. Mihiel, returning
3200 soldiers from the Rhine, was
scheduled to dock here about noon.
SAVANNAH, Ga., Feb. 7.—The last
contingent of the American army of
occupation was nearing home waters
today.
The transport St. Mihiel, returning
3200 soldiers from the Rhine, was
scheduled to dock here about noon.
SAVANNAH, Ga., Feb. 7.—The last
contingent of the American army of
occupation was nearing home waters
today.
The transport St. Mihiel, returning
3200 soldiers from the Rhine, was
scheduled to dock here about noon.
SAVANNAH, Ga., Feb. 7.—The last
contingent of the American army of
occupation was nearing home waters
today.
The transport St. Mihiel, returning
3200 soldiers from the Rhine, was
scheduled to dock here about noon.
