# DIGEST of THE DAY'S NEWS
## FIRM FORMED FOR FINDING DAINTY DINNER PARTNERS 
### (By United Press 
XEYV YORK, Feb. 7.—"You wish a
dinner companion, six? Ah, yes, blonde
or brunette, and about what age and size
would you fancy? Yes, sir; be here at
6:30 p. m."
It is Miss Virginia Bennett of the new
lirm of Bennett & Kent, speaking to a
customer on the telephone. The deal is
closed. Miss Bennett phones a girl an
swering the specifications. The meeting
occurs at the company's office, the man
pays a $10 fee. and they're off for the
bright lights.
Miss Bennett and her partner, Miss
Evelyn Kent, established their new busi
ness two weeks ago on the edge of
Greenwich village.
XEYV YORK, Feb. 7.—"You wish a
dinner companion, six? Ah, yes, blonde
or brunette, and about what age and size
would you fancy? Yes, sir; be here at
6:30 p. m."
It is Miss Virginia Bennett of the new
lirm of Bennett & Kent, speaking to a
customer on the telephone. The deal is
closed. Miss Bennett phones a girl an
swering the specifications. The meeting
occurs at the company's office, the man
pays a $10 fee. and they're off for the
bright lights.
Miss Bennett and her partner, Miss
Evelyn Kent, established their new busi
ness two weeks ago on the edge of
Greenwich village.
XEYV YORK, Feb. 7.—"You wish a
dinner companion, six? Ah, yes, blonde
or brunette, and about what age and size
would you fancy? Yes, sir; be here at
6:30 p. m."
It is Miss Virginia Bennett of the new
lirm of Bennett & Kent, speaking to a
customer on the telephone. The deal is
closed. Miss Bennett phones a girl an
swering the specifications. The meeting
occurs at the company's office, the man
pays a $10 fee. and they're off for the
bright lights.
Miss Bennett and her partner, Miss
Evelyn Kent, established their new busi
ness two weeks ago on the edge of
Greenwich village.
XEYV YORK, Feb. 7.—"You wish a
dinner companion, six? Ah, yes, blonde
or brunette, and about what age and size
would you fancy? Yes, sir; be here at
6:30 p. m."
It is Miss Virginia Bennett of the new
lirm of Bennett & Kent, speaking to a
customer on the telephone. The deal is
closed. Miss Bennett phones a girl an
swering the specifications. The meeting
occurs at the company's office, the man
pays a $10 fee. and they're off for the
bright lights.
Miss Bennett and her partner, Miss
Evelyn Kent, established their new busi
ness two weeks ago on the edge of
Greenwich village.
XEYV YORK, Feb. 7.—"You wish a
dinner companion, six? Ah, yes, blonde
or brunette, and about what age and size
would you fancy? Yes, sir; be here at
6:30 p. m."
It is Miss Virginia Bennett of the new
lirm of Bennett & Kent, speaking to a
customer on the telephone. The deal is
closed. Miss Bennett phones a girl an
swering the specifications. The meeting
occurs at the company's office, the man
pays a $10 fee. and they're off for the
bright lights.
Miss Bennett and her partner, Miss
Evelyn Kent, established their new busi
ness two weeks ago on the edge of
Greenwich village.
XEYV YORK, Feb. 7.—"You wish a
dinner companion, six? Ah, yes, blonde
or brunette, and about what age and size
would you fancy? Yes, sir; be here at
6:30 p. m."
It is Miss Virginia Bennett of the new
lirm of Bennett & Kent, speaking to a
customer on the telephone. The deal is
closed. Miss Bennett phones a girl an
swering the specifications. The meeting
occurs at the company's office, the man
pays a $10 fee. and they're off for the
bright lights.
Miss Bennett and her partner, Miss
Evelyn Kent, established their new busi
ness two weeks ago on the edge of
Greenwich village.
XEYV YORK, Feb. 7.—"You wish a
dinner companion, six? Ah, yes, blonde
or brunette, and about what age and size
would you fancy? Yes, sir; be here at
6:30 p. m."
It is Miss Virginia Bennett of the new
lirm of Bennett & Kent, speaking to a
customer on the telephone. The deal is
closed. Miss Bennett phones a girl an
swering the specifications. The meeting
occurs at the company's office, the man
pays a $10 fee. and they're off for the
bright lights.
Miss Bennett and her partner, Miss
Evelyn Kent, established their new busi
ness two weeks ago on the edge of
Greenwich village.
XEYV YORK, Feb. 7.—"You wish a
dinner companion, six? Ah, yes, blonde
or brunette, and about what age and size
would you fancy? Yes, sir; be here at
6:30 p. m."
It is Miss Virginia Bennett of the new
lirm of Bennett & Kent, speaking to a
customer on the telephone. The deal is
closed. Miss Bennett phones a girl an
swering the specifications. The meeting
occurs at the company's office, the man
pays a $10 fee. and they're off for the
bright lights.
Miss Bennett and her partner, Miss
Evelyn Kent, established their new busi
ness two weeks ago on the edge of
Greenwich village.
XEYV YORK, Feb. 7.—"You wish a
dinner companion, six? Ah, yes, blonde
or brunette, and about what age and size
would you fancy? Yes, sir; be here at
6:30 p. m."
It is Miss Virginia Bennett of the new
lirm of Bennett & Kent, speaking to a
customer on the telephone. The deal is
closed. Miss Bennett phones a girl an
swering the specifications. The meeting
occurs at the company's office, the man
pays a $10 fee. and they're off for the
bright lights.
Miss Bennett and her partner, Miss
Evelyn Kent, established their new busi
ness two weeks ago on the edge of
Greenwich village.
XEYV YORK, Feb. 7.—"You wish a
dinner companion, six? Ah, yes, blonde
or brunette, and about what age and size
would you fancy? Yes, sir; be here at
6:30 p. m."
It is Miss Virginia Bennett of the new
lirm of Bennett & Kent, speaking to a
customer on the telephone. The deal is
closed. Miss Bennett phones a girl an
swering the specifications. The meeting
occurs at the company's office, the man
pays a $10 fee. and they're off for the
bright lights.
Miss Bennett and her partner, Miss
Evelyn Kent, established their new busi
ness two weeks ago on the edge of
Greenwich village.
XEYV YORK, Feb. 7.—"You wish a
dinner companion, six? Ah, yes, blonde
or brunette, and about what age and size
would you fancy? Yes, sir; be here at
6:30 p. m."
It is Miss Virginia Bennett of the new
lirm of Bennett & Kent, speaking to a
customer on the telephone. The deal is
closed. Miss Bennett phones a girl an
swering the specifications. The meeting
occurs at the company's office, the man
pays a $10 fee. and they're off for the
bright lights.
Miss Bennett and her partner, Miss
Evelyn Kent, established their new busi
ness two weeks ago on the edge of
Greenwich village.
XEYV YORK, Feb. 7.—"You wish a
dinner companion, six? Ah, yes, blonde
or brunette, and about what age and size
would you fancy? Yes, sir; be here at
6:30 p. m."
It is Miss Virginia Bennett of the new
lirm of Bennett & Kent, speaking to a
customer on the telephone. The deal is
closed. Miss Bennett phones a girl an
swering the specifications. The meeting
occurs at the company's office, the man
pays a $10 fee. and they're off for the
bright lights.
Miss Bennett and her partner, Miss
Evelyn Kent, established their new busi
ness two weeks ago on the edge of
Greenwich village.
XEYV YORK, Feb. 7.—"You wish a
dinner companion, six? Ah, yes, blonde
or brunette, and about what age and size
would you fancy? Yes, sir; be here at
6:30 p. m."
It is Miss Virginia Bennett of the new
lirm of Bennett & Kent, speaking to a
customer on the telephone. The deal is
closed. Miss Bennett phones a girl an
swering the specifications. The meeting
occurs at the company's office, the man
pays a $10 fee. and they're off for the
bright lights.
Miss Bennett and her partner, Miss
Evelyn Kent, established their new busi
ness two weeks ago on the edge of
Greenwich village.
XEYV YORK, Feb. 7.—"You wish a
dinner companion, six? Ah, yes, blonde
or brunette, and about what age and size
would you fancy? Yes, sir; be here at
6:30 p. m."
It is Miss Virginia Bennett of the new
lirm of Bennett & Kent, speaking to a
customer on the telephone. The deal is
closed. Miss Bennett phones a girl an
swering the specifications. The meeting
occurs at the company's office, the man
pays a $10 fee. and they're off for the
bright lights.
Miss Bennett and her partner, Miss
Evelyn Kent, established their new busi
ness two weeks ago on the edge of
Greenwich village.
XEYV YORK, Feb. 7.—"You wish a
dinner companion, six? Ah, yes, blonde
or brunette, and about what age and size
would you fancy? Yes, sir; be here at
6:30 p. m."
It is Miss Virginia Bennett of the new
lirm of Bennett & Kent, speaking to a
customer on the telephone. The deal is
closed. Miss Bennett phones a girl an
swering the specifications. The meeting
occurs at the company's office, the man
pays a $10 fee. and they're off for the
bright lights.
Miss Bennett and her partner, Miss
Evelyn Kent, established their new busi
ness two weeks ago on the edge of
Greenwich village.
