# E.F. CORNELL, '23, HEADS LABORATORY
## 
### 
Dr. E. F. Cornell, '23, sailed for
Honolulu Tuesday, where he will
become head of the laboratory of
the Hawaiian Pineapple Company.
The doctor Ims been assistant di
rector of the National Canners' As
sociation laboratories in San Fran
cisco for two years. He is a mem
ber of Alpha Kappa Lambda fra
ternity.
Dr. E. F. Cornell, '23, sailed for
Honolulu Tuesday, where he will
become head of the laboratory of
the Hawaiian Pineapple Company.
The doctor Ims been assistant di
rector of the National Canners' As
sociation laboratories in San Fran
cisco for two years. He is a mem
ber of Alpha Kappa Lambda fra
ternity.
Dr. E. F. Cornell, '23, sailed for
Honolulu Tuesday, where he will
become head of the laboratory of
the Hawaiian Pineapple Company.
The doctor Ims been assistant di
rector of the National Canners' As
sociation laboratories in San Fran
cisco for two years. He is a mem
ber of Alpha Kappa Lambda fra
ternity.
Dr. E. F. Cornell, '23, sailed for
Honolulu Tuesday, where he will
become head of the laboratory of
the Hawaiian Pineapple Company.
The doctor Ims been assistant di
rector of the National Canners' As
sociation laboratories in San Fran
cisco for two years. He is a mem
ber of Alpha Kappa Lambda fra
ternity.
Dr. E. F. Cornell, '23, sailed for
Honolulu Tuesday, where he will
become head of the laboratory of
the Hawaiian Pineapple Company.
The doctor Ims been assistant di
rector of the National Canners' As
sociation laboratories in San Fran
cisco for two years. He is a mem
ber of Alpha Kappa Lambda fra
ternity.
Dr. E. F. Cornell, '23, sailed for
Honolulu Tuesday, where he will
become head of the laboratory of
the Hawaiian Pineapple Company.
The doctor Ims been assistant di
rector of the National Canners' As
sociation laboratories in San Fran
cisco for two years. He is a mem
ber of Alpha Kappa Lambda fra
ternity.
Dr. E. F. Cornell, '23, sailed for
Honolulu Tuesday, where he will
become head of the laboratory of
the Hawaiian Pineapple Company.
The doctor Ims been assistant di
rector of the National Canners' As
sociation laboratories in San Fran
cisco for two years. He is a mem
ber of Alpha Kappa Lambda fra
ternity.
Dr. E. F. Cornell, '23, sailed for
Honolulu Tuesday, where he will
become head of the laboratory of
the Hawaiian Pineapple Company.
The doctor Ims been assistant di
rector of the National Canners' As
sociation laboratories in San Fran
cisco for two years. He is a mem
ber of Alpha Kappa Lambda fra
ternity.
Dr. E. F. Cornell, '23, sailed for
Honolulu Tuesday, where he will
become head of the laboratory of
the Hawaiian Pineapple Company.
The doctor Ims been assistant di
rector of the National Canners' As
sociation laboratories in San Fran
cisco for two years. He is a mem
ber of Alpha Kappa Lambda fra
ternity.
Dr. E. F. Cornell, '23, sailed for
Honolulu Tuesday, where he will
become head of the laboratory of
the Hawaiian Pineapple Company.
The doctor Ims been assistant di
rector of the National Canners' As
sociation laboratories in San Fran
cisco for two years. He is a mem
ber of Alpha Kappa Lambda fra
ternity.
Dr. E. F. Cornell, '23, sailed for
Honolulu Tuesday, where he will
become head of the laboratory of
the Hawaiian Pineapple Company.
The doctor Ims been assistant di
rector of the National Canners' As
sociation laboratories in San Fran
cisco for two years. He is a mem
ber of Alpha Kappa Lambda fra
ternity.
Dr. E. F. Cornell, '23, sailed for
Honolulu Tuesday, where he will
become head of the laboratory of
the Hawaiian Pineapple Company.
The doctor Ims been assistant di
rector of the National Canners' As
sociation laboratories in San Fran
cisco for two years. He is a mem
ber of Alpha Kappa Lambda fra
ternity.
Dr. E. F. Cornell, '23, sailed for
Honolulu Tuesday, where he will
become head of the laboratory of
the Hawaiian Pineapple Company.
The doctor Ims been assistant di
rector of the National Canners' As
sociation laboratories in San Fran
cisco for two years. He is a mem
ber of Alpha Kappa Lambda fra
ternity.
Dr. E. F. Cornell, '23, sailed for
Honolulu Tuesday, where he will
become head of the laboratory of
the Hawaiian Pineapple Company.
The doctor Ims been assistant di
rector of the National Canners' As
sociation laboratories in San Fran
cisco for two years. He is a mem
ber of Alpha Kappa Lambda fra
ternity.
