# S.A.E. PLEDGE
## 
### 
Sigma Alplia Kpsilon announces
llip pledging of William Thomas
Triplet t.
Sigma Alplia Kpsilon announces
llip pledging of William Thomas
Triplet t.
Sigma Alplia Kpsilon announces
llip pledging of William Thomas
Triplet t.
Sigma Alplia Kpsilon announces
llip pledging of William Thomas
Triplet t.
Sigma Alplia Kpsilon announces
llip pledging of William Thomas
Triplet t.
Sigma Alplia Kpsilon announces
llip pledging of William Thomas
Triplet t.
Sigma Alplia Kpsilon announces
llip pledging of William Thomas
Triplet t.
Sigma Alplia Kpsilon announces
llip pledging of William Thomas
Triplet t.
Sigma Alplia Kpsilon announces
llip pledging of William Thomas
Triplet t.
Sigma Alplia Kpsilon announces
llip pledging of William Thomas
Triplet t.
Sigma Alplia Kpsilon announces
llip pledging of William Thomas
Triplet t.
Sigma Alplia Kpsilon announces
llip pledging of William Thomas
Triplet t.
Sigma Alplia Kpsilon announces
llip pledging of William Thomas
Triplet t.
Sigma Alplia Kpsilon announces
llip pledging of William Thomas
Triplet t.
