# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Eleven U. of W. men were initiated
into Fir Tret!, senior honorary
society, bv duckings in icy Lake
Washington.
Eleven U. of W. men were initiated
into Fir Tret!, senior honorary
society, bv duckings in icy Lake
Washington.
Eleven U. of W. men were initiated
into Fir Tret!, senior honorary
society, bv duckings in icy Lake
Washington.
Eleven U. of W. men were initiated
into Fir Tret!, senior honorary
society, bv duckings in icy Lake
Washington.
Eleven U. of W. men were initiated
into Fir Tret!, senior honorary
society, bv duckings in icy Lake
Washington.
Eleven U. of W. men were initiated
into Fir Tret!, senior honorary
society, bv duckings in icy Lake
Washington.
Eleven U. of W. men were initiated
into Fir Tret!, senior honorary
society, bv duckings in icy Lake
Washington.
Eleven U. of W. men were initiated
into Fir Tret!, senior honorary
society, bv duckings in icy Lake
Washington.
Eleven U. of W. men were initiated
into Fir Tret!, senior honorary
society, bv duckings in icy Lake
Washington.
Eleven U. of W. men were initiated
into Fir Tret!, senior honorary
society, bv duckings in icy Lake
Washington.
Eleven U. of W. men were initiated
into Fir Tret!, senior honorary
society, bv duckings in icy Lake
Washington.
Eleven U. of W. men were initiated
into Fir Tret!, senior honorary
society, bv duckings in icy Lake
Washington.
Eleven U. of W. men were initiated
into Fir Tret!, senior honorary
society, bv duckings in icy Lake
Washington.
Eleven U. of W. men were initiated
into Fir Tret!, senior honorary
society, bv duckings in icy Lake
Washington.
