# 1300 TIMES TO CHURCH
## 
### 
RALEIGH, N.C., May 21. </P) —
For 130(1 successive Sundays Ed
ward F. Lewis has attended the
same Sunday School class and lis
tened to the same teacher.
RALEIGH, N.C., May 21. </P) —
For 130(1 successive Sundays Ed
ward F. Lewis has attended the
same Sunday School class and lis
tened to the same teacher.
RALEIGH, N.C., May 21. </P) —
For 130(1 successive Sundays Ed
ward F. Lewis has attended the
same Sunday School class and lis
tened to the same teacher.
RALEIGH, N.C., May 21. </P) —
For 130(1 successive Sundays Ed
ward F. Lewis has attended the
same Sunday School class and lis
tened to the same teacher.
RALEIGH, N.C., May 21. </P) —
For 130(1 successive Sundays Ed
ward F. Lewis has attended the
same Sunday School class and lis
tened to the same teacher.
RALEIGH, N.C., May 21. </P) —
For 130(1 successive Sundays Ed
ward F. Lewis has attended the
same Sunday School class and lis
tened to the same teacher.
RALEIGH, N.C., May 21. </P) —
For 130(1 successive Sundays Ed
ward F. Lewis has attended the
same Sunday School class and lis
tened to the same teacher.
RALEIGH, N.C., May 21. </P) —
For 130(1 successive Sundays Ed
ward F. Lewis has attended the
same Sunday School class and lis
tened to the same teacher.
RALEIGH, N.C., May 21. </P) —
For 130(1 successive Sundays Ed
ward F. Lewis has attended the
same Sunday School class and lis
tened to the same teacher.
RALEIGH, N.C., May 21. </P) —
For 130(1 successive Sundays Ed
ward F. Lewis has attended the
same Sunday School class and lis
tened to the same teacher.
RALEIGH, N.C., May 21. </P) —
For 130(1 successive Sundays Ed
ward F. Lewis has attended the
same Sunday School class and lis
tened to the same teacher.
RALEIGH, N.C., May 21. </P) —
For 130(1 successive Sundays Ed
ward F. Lewis has attended the
same Sunday School class and lis
tened to the same teacher.
RALEIGH, N.C., May 21. </P) —
For 130(1 successive Sundays Ed
ward F. Lewis has attended the
same Sunday School class and lis
tened to the same teacher.
RALEIGH, N.C., May 21. </P) —
For 130(1 successive Sundays Ed
ward F. Lewis has attended the
same Sunday School class and lis
tened to the same teacher.
