# Interviews Open For Yell Leaders
## 
### 
Anyone interested in trying out
for head yell leader or assistant
yell leader may see Jim Walters,
Theta Chi, or Bill Duke, Delta
Upsilon.
Attendance at the recent yell |
leader training school run by Wal
ters and his assistants is not a
prerequisite to running for yell
leader.
Anyone interested in trying out
for head yell leader or assistant
yell leader may see Jim Walters,
Theta Chi, or Bill Duke, Delta
Upsilon.
Attendance at the recent yell |
leader training school run by Wal
ters and his assistants is not a
prerequisite to running for yell
leader.
Anyone interested in trying out
for head yell leader or assistant
yell leader may see Jim Walters,
Theta Chi, or Bill Duke, Delta
Upsilon.
Attendance at the recent yell |
leader training school run by Wal
ters and his assistants is not a
prerequisite to running for yell
leader.
Anyone interested in trying out
for head yell leader or assistant
yell leader may see Jim Walters,
Theta Chi, or Bill Duke, Delta
Upsilon.
Attendance at the recent yell |
leader training school run by Wal
ters and his assistants is not a
prerequisite to running for yell
leader.
Anyone interested in trying out
for head yell leader or assistant
yell leader may see Jim Walters,
Theta Chi, or Bill Duke, Delta
Upsilon.
Attendance at the recent yell |
leader training school run by Wal
ters and his assistants is not a
prerequisite to running for yell
leader.
Anyone interested in trying out
for head yell leader or assistant
yell leader may see Jim Walters,
Theta Chi, or Bill Duke, Delta
Upsilon.
Attendance at the recent yell |
leader training school run by Wal
ters and his assistants is not a
prerequisite to running for yell
leader.
Anyone interested in trying out
for head yell leader or assistant
yell leader may see Jim Walters,
Theta Chi, or Bill Duke, Delta
Upsilon.
Attendance at the recent yell |
leader training school run by Wal
ters and his assistants is not a
prerequisite to running for yell
leader.
Anyone interested in trying out
for head yell leader or assistant
yell leader may see Jim Walters,
Theta Chi, or Bill Duke, Delta
Upsilon.
Attendance at the recent yell |
leader training school run by Wal
ters and his assistants is not a
prerequisite to running for yell
leader.
Anyone interested in trying out
for head yell leader or assistant
yell leader may see Jim Walters,
Theta Chi, or Bill Duke, Delta
Upsilon.
Attendance at the recent yell |
leader training school run by Wal
ters and his assistants is not a
prerequisite to running for yell
leader.
Anyone interested in trying out
for head yell leader or assistant
yell leader may see Jim Walters,
Theta Chi, or Bill Duke, Delta
Upsilon.
Attendance at the recent yell |
leader training school run by Wal
ters and his assistants is not a
prerequisite to running for yell
leader.
Anyone interested in trying out
for head yell leader or assistant
yell leader may see Jim Walters,
Theta Chi, or Bill Duke, Delta
Upsilon.
Attendance at the recent yell |
leader training school run by Wal
ters and his assistants is not a
prerequisite to running for yell
leader.
Anyone interested in trying out
for head yell leader or assistant
yell leader may see Jim Walters,
Theta Chi, or Bill Duke, Delta
Upsilon.
Attendance at the recent yell |
leader training school run by Wal
ters and his assistants is not a
prerequisite to running for yell
leader.
Anyone interested in trying out
for head yell leader or assistant
yell leader may see Jim Walters,
Theta Chi, or Bill Duke, Delta
Upsilon.
Attendance at the recent yell |
leader training school run by Wal
ters and his assistants is not a
prerequisite to running for yell
leader.
Anyone interested in trying out
for head yell leader or assistant
yell leader may see Jim Walters,
Theta Chi, or Bill Duke, Delta
Upsilon.
Attendance at the recent yell |
leader training school run by Wal
ters and his assistants is not a
prerequisite to running for yell
leader.
Anyone interested in trying out
for head yell leader or assistant
yell leader may see Jim Walters,
Theta Chi, or Bill Duke, Delta
Upsilon.
Attendance at the recent yell |
leader training school run by Wal
ters and his assistants is not a
prerequisite to running for yell
leader.
