# Hurricane Winds Cause Disasters
## 
### 
BIRMINGHAM, Ala.. April 15
(UP)—Winds of near-hurricane
force whipped suddenly out of a
low black thundercloud about 3
p.m. CST today and the death and
injury toll mounted by the hour.
By 5:40 p.m. police had counter!
19 dead and hospital authorities
said there were "so many injured
we aren't trying to count them."
Officially reported winds of 65
miles per hour lashed three resi
dential areas in the western part
of this "Pittsburgh of the South"
during a severe weather Warning
that covered parts of six Southern
states.
The hardest hit areas included
residences of steelworkers who
lived near Ensley, Ala. The Red
Cross immediately rushed emer
gency crews to the stricken area.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala.. April 15
(UP)—Winds of near-hurricane
force whipped suddenly out of a
low black thundercloud about 3
p.m. CST today and the death and
injury toll mounted by the hour.
By 5:40 p.m. police had counter!
19 dead and hospital authorities
said there were "so many injured
we aren't trying to count them."
Officially reported winds of 65
miles per hour lashed three resi
dential areas in the western part
of this "Pittsburgh of the South"
during a severe weather Warning
that covered parts of six Southern
states.
The hardest hit areas included
residences of steelworkers who
lived near Ensley, Ala. The Red
Cross immediately rushed emer
gency crews to the stricken area.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala.. April 15
(UP)—Winds of near-hurricane
force whipped suddenly out of a
low black thundercloud about 3
p.m. CST today and the death and
injury toll mounted by the hour.
By 5:40 p.m. police had counter!
19 dead and hospital authorities
said there were "so many injured
we aren't trying to count them."
Officially reported winds of 65
miles per hour lashed three resi
dential areas in the western part
of this "Pittsburgh of the South"
during a severe weather Warning
that covered parts of six Southern
states.
The hardest hit areas included
residences of steelworkers who
lived near Ensley, Ala. The Red
Cross immediately rushed emer
gency crews to the stricken area.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala.. April 15
(UP)—Winds of near-hurricane
force whipped suddenly out of a
low black thundercloud about 3
p.m. CST today and the death and
injury toll mounted by the hour.
By 5:40 p.m. police had counter!
19 dead and hospital authorities
said there were "so many injured
we aren't trying to count them."
Officially reported winds of 65
miles per hour lashed three resi
dential areas in the western part
of this "Pittsburgh of the South"
during a severe weather Warning
that covered parts of six Southern
states.
The hardest hit areas included
residences of steelworkers who
lived near Ensley, Ala. The Red
Cross immediately rushed emer
gency crews to the stricken area.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala.. April 15
(UP)—Winds of near-hurricane
force whipped suddenly out of a
low black thundercloud about 3
p.m. CST today and the death and
injury toll mounted by the hour.
By 5:40 p.m. police had counter!
19 dead and hospital authorities
said there were "so many injured
we aren't trying to count them."
Officially reported winds of 65
miles per hour lashed three resi
dential areas in the western part
of this "Pittsburgh of the South"
during a severe weather Warning
that covered parts of six Southern
states.
The hardest hit areas included
residences of steelworkers who
lived near Ensley, Ala. The Red
Cross immediately rushed emer
gency crews to the stricken area.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala.. April 15
(UP)—Winds of near-hurricane
force whipped suddenly out of a
low black thundercloud about 3
p.m. CST today and the death and
injury toll mounted by the hour.
By 5:40 p.m. police had counter!
19 dead and hospital authorities
said there were "so many injured
we aren't trying to count them."
Officially reported winds of 65
miles per hour lashed three resi
dential areas in the western part
of this "Pittsburgh of the South"
during a severe weather Warning
that covered parts of six Southern
states.
The hardest hit areas included
residences of steelworkers who
lived near Ensley, Ala. The Red
Cross immediately rushed emer
gency crews to the stricken area.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala.. April 15
(UP)—Winds of near-hurricane
force whipped suddenly out of a
low black thundercloud about 3
p.m. CST today and the death and
injury toll mounted by the hour.
By 5:40 p.m. police had counter!
19 dead and hospital authorities
said there were "so many injured
we aren't trying to count them."
Officially reported winds of 65
miles per hour lashed three resi
dential areas in the western part
of this "Pittsburgh of the South"
during a severe weather Warning
that covered parts of six Southern
states.
The hardest hit areas included
residences of steelworkers who
lived near Ensley, Ala. The Red
Cross immediately rushed emer
gency crews to the stricken area.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala.. April 15
(UP)—Winds of near-hurricane
force whipped suddenly out of a
low black thundercloud about 3
p.m. CST today and the death and
injury toll mounted by the hour.
By 5:40 p.m. police had counter!
19 dead and hospital authorities
said there were "so many injured
we aren't trying to count them."
Officially reported winds of 65
miles per hour lashed three resi
dential areas in the western part
of this "Pittsburgh of the South"
during a severe weather Warning
that covered parts of six Southern
states.
The hardest hit areas included
residences of steelworkers who
lived near Ensley, Ala. The Red
Cross immediately rushed emer
gency crews to the stricken area.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala.. April 15
(UP)—Winds of near-hurricane
force whipped suddenly out of a
low black thundercloud about 3
p.m. CST today and the death and
injury toll mounted by the hour.
By 5:40 p.m. police had counter!
19 dead and hospital authorities
said there were "so many injured
we aren't trying to count them."
Officially reported winds of 65
miles per hour lashed three resi
dential areas in the western part
of this "Pittsburgh of the South"
during a severe weather Warning
that covered parts of six Southern
states.
The hardest hit areas included
residences of steelworkers who
lived near Ensley, Ala. The Red
Cross immediately rushed emer
gency crews to the stricken area.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala.. April 15
(UP)—Winds of near-hurricane
force whipped suddenly out of a
low black thundercloud about 3
p.m. CST today and the death and
injury toll mounted by the hour.
By 5:40 p.m. police had counter!
19 dead and hospital authorities
said there were "so many injured
we aren't trying to count them."
Officially reported winds of 65
miles per hour lashed three resi
dential areas in the western part
of this "Pittsburgh of the South"
during a severe weather Warning
that covered parts of six Southern
states.
The hardest hit areas included
residences of steelworkers who
lived near Ensley, Ala. The Red
Cross immediately rushed emer
gency crews to the stricken area.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala.. April 15
(UP)—Winds of near-hurricane
force whipped suddenly out of a
low black thundercloud about 3
p.m. CST today and the death and
injury toll mounted by the hour.
By 5:40 p.m. police had counter!
19 dead and hospital authorities
said there were "so many injured
we aren't trying to count them."
Officially reported winds of 65
miles per hour lashed three resi
dential areas in the western part
of this "Pittsburgh of the South"
during a severe weather Warning
that covered parts of six Southern
states.
The hardest hit areas included
residences of steelworkers who
lived near Ensley, Ala. The Red
Cross immediately rushed emer
gency crews to the stricken area.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala.. April 15
(UP)—Winds of near-hurricane
force whipped suddenly out of a
low black thundercloud about 3
p.m. CST today and the death and
injury toll mounted by the hour.
By 5:40 p.m. police had counter!
19 dead and hospital authorities
said there were "so many injured
we aren't trying to count them."
Officially reported winds of 65
miles per hour lashed three resi
dential areas in the western part
of this "Pittsburgh of the South"
during a severe weather Warning
that covered parts of six Southern
states.
The hardest hit areas included
residences of steelworkers who
lived near Ensley, Ala. The Red
Cross immediately rushed emer
gency crews to the stricken area.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala.. April 15
(UP)—Winds of near-hurricane
force whipped suddenly out of a
low black thundercloud about 3
p.m. CST today and the death and
injury toll mounted by the hour.
By 5:40 p.m. police had counter!
19 dead and hospital authorities
said there were "so many injured
we aren't trying to count them."
Officially reported winds of 65
miles per hour lashed three resi
dential areas in the western part
of this "Pittsburgh of the South"
during a severe weather Warning
that covered parts of six Southern
states.
The hardest hit areas included
residences of steelworkers who
lived near Ensley, Ala. The Red
Cross immediately rushed emer
gency crews to the stricken area.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala.. April 15
(UP)—Winds of near-hurricane
force whipped suddenly out of a
low black thundercloud about 3
p.m. CST today and the death and
injury toll mounted by the hour.
By 5:40 p.m. police had counter!
19 dead and hospital authorities
said there were "so many injured
we aren't trying to count them."
Officially reported winds of 65
miles per hour lashed three resi
dential areas in the western part
of this "Pittsburgh of the South"
during a severe weather Warning
that covered parts of six Southern
states.
The hardest hit areas included
residences of steelworkers who
lived near Ensley, Ala. The Red
Cross immediately rushed emer
gency crews to the stricken area.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala.. April 15
(UP)—Winds of near-hurricane
force whipped suddenly out of a
low black thundercloud about 3
p.m. CST today and the death and
injury toll mounted by the hour.
By 5:40 p.m. police had counter!
19 dead and hospital authorities
said there were "so many injured
we aren't trying to count them."
Officially reported winds of 65
miles per hour lashed three resi
dential areas in the western part
of this "Pittsburgh of the South"
during a severe weather Warning
that covered parts of six Southern
states.
The hardest hit areas included
residences of steelworkers who
lived near Ensley, Ala. The Red
Cross immediately rushed emer
gency crews to the stricken area.
