# California Rumors Edge Indians, 3-0
## 
### 
Stanford closed out the 1915(1
rugby season yester,day at Berke
ley, losing a hard fought 3 0 ver
dict to the Bears.
Nool Bowden, Cal's greal Aus
tralian rugger, kicked a 40-yard
penalty kick six minutes into the
second half to give the Bears their
victory.
Most of the game was played
in Stanford territory with Cali
fornia continually knocking at the
door.
Stanford closed out the 1915(1
rugby season yester,day at Berke
ley, losing a hard fought 3 0 ver
dict to the Bears.
Nool Bowden, Cal's greal Aus
tralian rugger, kicked a 40-yard
penalty kick six minutes into the
second half to give the Bears their
victory.
Most of the game was played
in Stanford territory with Cali
fornia continually knocking at the
door.
Stanford closed out the 1915(1
rugby season yester,day at Berke
ley, losing a hard fought 3 0 ver
dict to the Bears.
Nool Bowden, Cal's greal Aus
tralian rugger, kicked a 40-yard
penalty kick six minutes into the
second half to give the Bears their
victory.
Most of the game was played
in Stanford territory with Cali
fornia continually knocking at the
door.
Stanford closed out the 1915(1
rugby season yester,day at Berke
ley, losing a hard fought 3 0 ver
dict to the Bears.
Nool Bowden, Cal's greal Aus
tralian rugger, kicked a 40-yard
penalty kick six minutes into the
second half to give the Bears their
victory.
Most of the game was played
in Stanford territory with Cali
fornia continually knocking at the
door.
Stanford closed out the 1915(1
rugby season yester,day at Berke
ley, losing a hard fought 3 0 ver
dict to the Bears.
Nool Bowden, Cal's greal Aus
tralian rugger, kicked a 40-yard
penalty kick six minutes into the
second half to give the Bears their
victory.
Most of the game was played
in Stanford territory with Cali
fornia continually knocking at the
door.
Stanford closed out the 1915(1
rugby season yester,day at Berke
ley, losing a hard fought 3 0 ver
dict to the Bears.
Nool Bowden, Cal's greal Aus
tralian rugger, kicked a 40-yard
penalty kick six minutes into the
second half to give the Bears their
victory.
Most of the game was played
in Stanford territory with Cali
fornia continually knocking at the
door.
Stanford closed out the 1915(1
rugby season yester,day at Berke
ley, losing a hard fought 3 0 ver
dict to the Bears.
Nool Bowden, Cal's greal Aus
tralian rugger, kicked a 40-yard
penalty kick six minutes into the
second half to give the Bears their
victory.
Most of the game was played
in Stanford territory with Cali
fornia continually knocking at the
door.
Stanford closed out the 1915(1
rugby season yester,day at Berke
ley, losing a hard fought 3 0 ver
dict to the Bears.
Nool Bowden, Cal's greal Aus
tralian rugger, kicked a 40-yard
penalty kick six minutes into the
second half to give the Bears their
victory.
Most of the game was played
in Stanford territory with Cali
fornia continually knocking at the
door.
Stanford closed out the 1915(1
rugby season yester,day at Berke
ley, losing a hard fought 3 0 ver
dict to the Bears.
Nool Bowden, Cal's greal Aus
tralian rugger, kicked a 40-yard
penalty kick six minutes into the
second half to give the Bears their
victory.
Most of the game was played
in Stanford territory with Cali
fornia continually knocking at the
door.
Stanford closed out the 1915(1
rugby season yester,day at Berke
ley, losing a hard fought 3 0 ver
dict to the Bears.
Nool Bowden, Cal's greal Aus
tralian rugger, kicked a 40-yard
penalty kick six minutes into the
second half to give the Bears their
victory.
Most of the game was played
in Stanford territory with Cali
fornia continually knocking at the
door.
Stanford closed out the 1915(1
rugby season yester,day at Berke
ley, losing a hard fought 3 0 ver
dict to the Bears.
Nool Bowden, Cal's greal Aus
tralian rugger, kicked a 40-yard
penalty kick six minutes into the
second half to give the Bears their
victory.
Most of the game was played
in Stanford territory with Cali
fornia continually knocking at the
door.
Stanford closed out the 1915(1
rugby season yester,day at Berke
ley, losing a hard fought 3 0 ver
dict to the Bears.
Nool Bowden, Cal's greal Aus
tralian rugger, kicked a 40-yard
penalty kick six minutes into the
second half to give the Bears their
victory.
Most of the game was played
in Stanford territory with Cali
fornia continually knocking at the
door.
Stanford closed out the 1915(1
rugby season yester,day at Berke
ley, losing a hard fought 3 0 ver
dict to the Bears.
Nool Bowden, Cal's greal Aus
tralian rugger, kicked a 40-yard
penalty kick six minutes into the
second half to give the Bears their
victory.
Most of the game was played
in Stanford territory with Cali
fornia continually knocking at the
door.
Stanford closed out the 1915(1
rugby season yester,day at Berke
ley, losing a hard fought 3 0 ver
dict to the Bears.
Nool Bowden, Cal's greal Aus
tralian rugger, kicked a 40-yard
penalty kick six minutes into the
second half to give the Bears their
victory.
Most of the game was played
in Stanford territory with Cali
fornia continually knocking at the
door.
Stanford closed out the 1915(1
rugby season yester,day at Berke
ley, losing a hard fought 3 0 ver
dict to the Bears.
Nool Bowden, Cal's greal Aus
tralian rugger, kicked a 40-yard
penalty kick six minutes into the
second half to give the Bears their
victory.
Most of the game was played
in Stanford territory with Cali
fornia continually knocking at the
door.
