# Additional Draft Test To Be Given
## 
### 
An additional Selective Service
College Qualification Test will be
held May 22 at 1,000 testing centers
for the benefit of students prevent
ed by illness, emergencies, or some
other reason from taking the test
Dec. 13, 1951, or April 24 of this
year.
Officers at national headquarters
said they could not emphasize too
strongly that students who have an
admission ticket for cither the De
cember 13, 195.1, or April 24 test
which they failed to use on the as
signed date must submit a new ap
plication if they wish to take the
May 22 test.
Application blanks for the May
22 test may be obtained by students
from the nearest local board.
Application for the May 22 test,
must be mailed before midnight
May 10 to the Educational Testing
Service, Princeton, N.J.
To be eligible to take the Selec
tive Service College Qualification
Test, an applicant must, on the test
ing date:
1. Be a Selective Service regis
trant who intends to request defer
ment as a student.
2. Be satisfactorily pursuing a
full-time college course—undergrad
uate or graduate—leading to a de
gree.
3. Not previously have taken the
test.
