# Adv. 33 Page 10
## 
### 
No gain.No pain.
Keeping your weight at a
moderate level may scale
down your risk of heart at
tack. So maintain a healthy
diet and lighten up on your
heart.
American Heart
Association
WE'RE FIGHTING FOR
NQJR LIFE
Reach
25,000
people with
one phone
call.
Advertise in
The Daily
Call 723-2554.
No gain.No pain.
Keeping your weight at a
moderate level may scale
down your risk of heart at
tack. So maintain a healthy
diet and lighten up on your
heart.
American Heart
Association
WE'RE FIGHTING FOR
NQJR LIFE
Reach
25,000
people with
one phone
call.
Advertise in
The Daily
Call 723-2554.
No gain.No pain.
Keeping your weight at a
moderate level may scale
down your risk of heart at
tack. So maintain a healthy
diet and lighten up on your
heart.
American Heart
Association
WE'RE FIGHTING FOR
NQJR LIFE
Reach
25,000
people with
one phone
call.
Advertise in
The Daily
Call 723-2554.
No gain.No pain.
Keeping your weight at a
moderate level may scale
down your risk of heart at
tack. So maintain a healthy
diet and lighten up on your
heart.
American Heart
Association
WE'RE FIGHTING FOR
NQJR LIFE
Reach
25,000
people with
one phone
call.
Advertise in
The Daily
Call 723-2554.
No gain.No pain.
Keeping your weight at a
moderate level may scale
down your risk of heart at
tack. So maintain a healthy
diet and lighten up on your
heart.
American Heart
Association
WE'RE FIGHTING FOR
NQJR LIFE
Reach
25,000
people with
one phone
call.
Advertise in
The Daily
Call 723-2554.
No gain.No pain.
Keeping your weight at a
moderate level may scale
down your risk of heart at
tack. So maintain a healthy
diet and lighten up on your
heart.
American Heart
Association
WE'RE FIGHTING FOR
NQJR LIFE
Reach
25,000
people with
one phone
call.
Advertise in
The Daily
Call 723-2554.
