# Untitled Article
## 
### 
March madness
Fencers are frustrated
by the results of the
NCAA Championship.
page 9

April fools
They may sound like
The Police, but they're
actually The Samples.
Intermission

Spring fever
Prof. Emeritus Wallace
Stegner is hospitalized
in New Mexico.
page 10

March madness
Fencers are frustrated
by the results of the
NCAA Championship.
page 9

April fools
They may sound like
The Police, but they're
actually The Samples.
Intermission

Spring fever
Prof. Emeritus Wallace
Stegner is hospitalized
in New Mexico.
page 10

March madness
Fencers are frustrated
by the results of the
NCAA Championship.
page 9

April fools
They may sound like
The Police, but they're
actually The Samples.
Intermission

Spring fever
Prof. Emeritus Wallace
Stegner is hospitalized
in New Mexico.
page 10

March madness
Fencers are frustrated
by the results of the
NCAA Championship.
page 9

April fools
They may sound like
The Police, but they're
actually The Samples.
Intermission

Spring fever
Prof. Emeritus Wallace
Stegner is hospitalized
in New Mexico.
page 10

March madness
Fencers are frustrated
by the results of the
NCAA Championship.
page 9

April fools
They may sound like
The Police, but they're
actually The Samples.
Intermission

Spring fever
Prof. Emeritus Wallace
Stegner is hospitalized
in New Mexico.
page 10

March madness
Fencers are frustrated
by the results of the
NCAA Championship.
page 9

April fools
They may sound like
The Police, but they're
actually The Samples.
Intermission

Spring fever
Prof. Emeritus Wallace
Stegner is hospitalized
in New Mexico.
page 10

