# University School District.
## 
### 
A new school district, known as
Stanford University District, was
formed last year from territory
taken from the districts of Mayfield
and Palo Alto. The new district
comprises the territory composed
for the greater part of the Stanford
estate. An election of trustees took
place in June, when Secretary G. A.
Clark, Professor R. L. Green, and
Mrs. O. L. Elliott were chosen.
Nothing definite has been done
toward securing a school building,
but until the return of Dr. Jordan
the room in the engineering build
ing formerly used for kindergarten
purposes will beutilized. Mrs. Web
ster has been secured as a teacher.
The new district will be a great
benefit to the large number of chil
dren residing on, and in the vicini
ty of, the campus, as hitherto they
were compelled to go to Palo Alto.
A new school district, known as
Stanford University District, was
formed last year from territory
taken from the districts of Mayfield
and Palo Alto. The new district
comprises the territory composed
for the greater part of the Stanford
estate. An election of trustees took
place in June, when Secretary G. A.
Clark, Professor R. L. Green, and
Mrs. O. L. Elliott were chosen.
Nothing definite has been done
toward securing a school building,
but until the return of Dr. Jordan
the room in the engineering build
ing formerly used for kindergarten
purposes will beutilized. Mrs. Web
ster has been secured as a teacher.
The new district will be a great
benefit to the large number of chil
dren residing on, and in the vicini
ty of, the campus, as hitherto they
were compelled to go to Palo Alto.
A new school district, known as
Stanford University District, was
formed last year from territory
taken from the districts of Mayfield
and Palo Alto. The new district
comprises the territory composed
for the greater part of the Stanford
estate. An election of trustees took
place in June, when Secretary G. A.
Clark, Professor R. L. Green, and
Mrs. O. L. Elliott were chosen.
Nothing definite has been done
toward securing a school building,
but until the return of Dr. Jordan
the room in the engineering build
ing formerly used for kindergarten
purposes will beutilized. Mrs. Web
ster has been secured as a teacher.
The new district will be a great
benefit to the large number of chil
dren residing on, and in the vicini
ty of, the campus, as hitherto they
were compelled to go to Palo Alto.
A new school district, known as
Stanford University District, was
formed last year from territory
taken from the districts of Mayfield
and Palo Alto. The new district
comprises the territory composed
for the greater part of the Stanford
estate. An election of trustees took
place in June, when Secretary G. A.
Clark, Professor R. L. Green, and
Mrs. O. L. Elliott were chosen.
Nothing definite has been done
toward securing a school building,
but until the return of Dr. Jordan
the room in the engineering build
ing formerly used for kindergarten
purposes will beutilized. Mrs. Web
ster has been secured as a teacher.
The new district will be a great
benefit to the large number of chil
dren residing on, and in the vicini
ty of, the campus, as hitherto they
were compelled to go to Palo Alto.
A new school district, known as
Stanford University District, was
formed last year from territory
taken from the districts of Mayfield
and Palo Alto. The new district
comprises the territory composed
for the greater part of the Stanford
estate. An election of trustees took
place in June, when Secretary G. A.
Clark, Professor R. L. Green, and
Mrs. O. L. Elliott were chosen.
Nothing definite has been done
toward securing a school building,
but until the return of Dr. Jordan
the room in the engineering build
ing formerly used for kindergarten
purposes will beutilized. Mrs. Web
ster has been secured as a teacher.
The new district will be a great
benefit to the large number of chil
dren residing on, and in the vicini
ty of, the campus, as hitherto they
were compelled to go to Palo Alto.
A new school district, known as
Stanford University District, was
formed last year from territory
taken from the districts of Mayfield
and Palo Alto. The new district
comprises the territory composed
for the greater part of the Stanford
estate. An election of trustees took
place in June, when Secretary G. A.
Clark, Professor R. L. Green, and
Mrs. O. L. Elliott were chosen.
Nothing definite has been done
toward securing a school building,
but until the return of Dr. Jordan
the room in the engineering build
ing formerly used for kindergarten
purposes will beutilized. Mrs. Web
ster has been secured as a teacher.
The new district will be a great
benefit to the large number of chil
dren residing on, and in the vicini
ty of, the campus, as hitherto they
were compelled to go to Palo Alto.
A new school district, known as
Stanford University District, was
formed last year from territory
taken from the districts of Mayfield
and Palo Alto. The new district
comprises the territory composed
for the greater part of the Stanford
estate. An election of trustees took
place in June, when Secretary G. A.
Clark, Professor R. L. Green, and
Mrs. O. L. Elliott were chosen.
Nothing definite has been done
toward securing a school building,
but until the return of Dr. Jordan
the room in the engineering build
ing formerly used for kindergarten
purposes will beutilized. Mrs. Web
ster has been secured as a teacher.
The new district will be a great
benefit to the large number of chil
dren residing on, and in the vicini
ty of, the campus, as hitherto they
were compelled to go to Palo Alto.
