# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The action of the Senior Class in
adopting the sombrero as its class
hat is to be commended. It has
the precedent of two preceding
classes to go by, and there can be
no doubt that now the custom will
become firmly fixed, and will pass
into a tradition. We have so few
distinctly college customs here at
Stanford that the few we have
should be carefully cherished, and
an endeavor made to keep them
permanently. However, one thing
remains, as the Seniors have adopt
ed the sombrero as a distinctive
class hat, they must see that the
hat is worn only by those who have
attained Senior standing, or at
least affiliate themselves with the
class. The sombrero is a very com
mon hat and is affected by many
people. After the class begins to
wear the class hat, those other stu
dents should have courtesy enough
not to wear the insignia of a class

to which they do not belong. Last
year there were several instances of
sombreros being worn by under
classmen. This should not be so.
Either the Seniors should adopt a
style of headgear of such a type
that it will be worn by no one else,
or under-classmen should refrain
from wearing sombreros. The lat
ter is preferred.
The action of the Senior Class in
adopting the sombrero as its class
hat is to be commended. It has
the precedent of two preceding
classes to go by, and there can be
no doubt that now the custom will
become firmly fixed, and will pass
into a tradition. We have so few
distinctly college customs here at
Stanford that the few we have
should be carefully cherished, and
an endeavor made to keep them
permanently. However, one thing
remains, as the Seniors have adopt
ed the sombrero as a distinctive
class hat, they must see that the
hat is worn only by those who have
attained Senior standing, or at
least affiliate themselves with the
class. The sombrero is a very com
mon hat and is affected by many
people. After the class begins to
wear the class hat, those other stu
dents should have courtesy enough
not to wear the insignia of a class

to which they do not belong. Last
year there were several instances of
sombreros being worn by under
classmen. This should not be so.
Either the Seniors should adopt a
style of headgear of such a type
that it will be worn by no one else,
or under-classmen should refrain
from wearing sombreros. The lat
ter is preferred.
The action of the Senior Class in
adopting the sombrero as its class
hat is to be commended. It has
the precedent of two preceding
classes to go by, and there can be
no doubt that now the custom will
become firmly fixed, and will pass
into a tradition. We have so few
distinctly college customs here at
Stanford that the few we have
should be carefully cherished, and
an endeavor made to keep them
permanently. However, one thing
remains, as the Seniors have adopt
ed the sombrero as a distinctive
class hat, they must see that the
hat is worn only by those who have
attained Senior standing, or at
least affiliate themselves with the
class. The sombrero is a very com
mon hat and is affected by many
people. After the class begins to
wear the class hat, those other stu
dents should have courtesy enough
not to wear the insignia of a class

to which they do not belong. Last
year there were several instances of
sombreros being worn by under
classmen. This should not be so.
Either the Seniors should adopt a
style of headgear of such a type
that it will be worn by no one else,
or under-classmen should refrain
from wearing sombreros. The lat
ter is preferred.
The action of the Senior Class in
adopting the sombrero as its class
hat is to be commended. It has
the precedent of two preceding
classes to go by, and there can be
no doubt that now the custom will
become firmly fixed, and will pass
into a tradition. We have so few
distinctly college customs here at
Stanford that the few we have
should be carefully cherished, and
an endeavor made to keep them
permanently. However, one thing
remains, as the Seniors have adopt
ed the sombrero as a distinctive
class hat, they must see that the
hat is worn only by those who have
attained Senior standing, or at
least affiliate themselves with the
class. The sombrero is a very com
mon hat and is affected by many
people. After the class begins to
wear the class hat, those other stu
dents should have courtesy enough
not to wear the insignia of a class

to which they do not belong. Last
year there were several instances of
sombreros being worn by under
classmen. This should not be so.
Either the Seniors should adopt a
style of headgear of such a type
that it will be worn by no one else,
or under-classmen should refrain
from wearing sombreros. The lat
ter is preferred.
The action of the Senior Class in
adopting the sombrero as its class
hat is to be commended. It has
the precedent of two preceding
classes to go by, and there can be
no doubt that now the custom will
become firmly fixed, and will pass
into a tradition. We have so few
distinctly college customs here at
Stanford that the few we have
should be carefully cherished, and
an endeavor made to keep them
permanently. However, one thing
remains, as the Seniors have adopt
ed the sombrero as a distinctive
class hat, they must see that the
hat is worn only by those who have
attained Senior standing, or at
least affiliate themselves with the
class. The sombrero is a very com
mon hat and is affected by many
people. After the class begins to
wear the class hat, those other stu
dents should have courtesy enough
not to wear the insignia of a class

to which they do not belong. Last
year there were several instances of
sombreros being worn by under
classmen. This should not be so.
Either the Seniors should adopt a
style of headgear of such a type
that it will be worn by no one else,
or under-classmen should refrain
from wearing sombreros. The lat
ter is preferred.
The action of the Senior Class in
adopting the sombrero as its class
hat is to be commended. It has
the precedent of two preceding
classes to go by, and there can be
no doubt that now the custom will
become firmly fixed, and will pass
into a tradition. We have so few
distinctly college customs here at
Stanford that the few we have
should be carefully cherished, and
an endeavor made to keep them
permanently. However, one thing
remains, as the Seniors have adopt
ed the sombrero as a distinctive
class hat, they must see that the
hat is worn only by those who have
attained Senior standing, or at
least affiliate themselves with the
class. The sombrero is a very com
mon hat and is affected by many
people. After the class begins to
wear the class hat, those other stu
dents should have courtesy enough
not to wear the insignia of a class

to which they do not belong. Last
year there were several instances of
sombreros being worn by under
classmen. This should not be so.
Either the Seniors should adopt a
style of headgear of such a type
that it will be worn by no one else,
or under-classmen should refrain
from wearing sombreros. The lat
ter is preferred.
The action of the Senior Class in
adopting the sombrero as its class
hat is to be commended. It has
the precedent of two preceding
classes to go by, and there can be
no doubt that now the custom will
become firmly fixed, and will pass
into a tradition. We have so few
distinctly college customs here at
Stanford that the few we have
should be carefully cherished, and
an endeavor made to keep them
permanently. However, one thing
remains, as the Seniors have adopt
ed the sombrero as a distinctive
class hat, they must see that the
hat is worn only by those who have
attained Senior standing, or at
least affiliate themselves with the
class. The sombrero is a very com
mon hat and is affected by many
people. After the class begins to
wear the class hat, those other stu
dents should have courtesy enough
not to wear the insignia of a class

to which they do not belong. Last
year there were several instances of
sombreros being worn by under
classmen. This should not be so.
Either the Seniors should adopt a
style of headgear of such a type
that it will be worn by no one else,
or under-classmen should refrain
from wearing sombreros. The lat
ter is preferred.
