# Senior Class Meets.
## 
### 
The Senior Class held its first
meeting for the year in the chapel
this afternoon at 1:30, President
Nathaniel (J. Symondsin the chair.
After considerable discussion the
class decided to adopt the custom
set by the two previous classes and
to choose the sombrero as the class
hat.
The following were appointed a
committee to investigate regarding
the cost and report at the next

meeting: C. A. Cantwell, chair
man; J. F. English, A. 13. Stewart,
W. C. Day, and A. M. Free.
Nominations for officers for the
ensuing semester: President, A. B.
Lemmon; vice-president, N. G. Sy
monds; secretary, E. A. Strout;
treasurer, F. 1). Hamilton; sergeant
at-arms, E. Warren. The election
will lie held at the next meeting of
the class, which takes place Wed
nesday, Sept. 19th.
