# Chaucer Selection Next In Poetry Readings
## 
### 
Tomorrow afternoon at 4:15, as a
part of the regular Tuesday after- !
noon poetry readings, Herbert Mer
itt, associate professor of English,
will read selections from the poetry
of Chaucer.
This reading will be held in the
Briggs Room, Humanities Building. |
under the auspices of the Depart- j
ment of English. Members of the
student body and faculty are in
vited.
Tomorrow afternoon at 4:15, as a
part of the regular Tuesday after- !
noon poetry readings, Herbert Mer
itt, associate professor of English,
will read selections from the poetry
of Chaucer.
This reading will be held in the
Briggs Room, Humanities Building. |
under the auspices of the Depart- j
ment of English. Members of the
student body and faculty are in
vited.
Tomorrow afternoon at 4:15, as a
part of the regular Tuesday after- !
noon poetry readings, Herbert Mer
itt, associate professor of English,
will read selections from the poetry
of Chaucer.
This reading will be held in the
Briggs Room, Humanities Building. |
under the auspices of the Depart- j
ment of English. Members of the
student body and faculty are in
vited.
Tomorrow afternoon at 4:15, as a
part of the regular Tuesday after- !
noon poetry readings, Herbert Mer
itt, associate professor of English,
will read selections from the poetry
of Chaucer.
This reading will be held in the
Briggs Room, Humanities Building. |
under the auspices of the Depart- j
ment of English. Members of the
student body and faculty are in
vited.
Tomorrow afternoon at 4:15, as a
part of the regular Tuesday after- !
noon poetry readings, Herbert Mer
itt, associate professor of English,
will read selections from the poetry
of Chaucer.
This reading will be held in the
Briggs Room, Humanities Building. |
under the auspices of the Depart- j
ment of English. Members of the
student body and faculty are in
vited.
Tomorrow afternoon at 4:15, as a
part of the regular Tuesday after- !
noon poetry readings, Herbert Mer
itt, associate professor of English,
will read selections from the poetry
of Chaucer.
This reading will be held in the
Briggs Room, Humanities Building. |
under the auspices of the Depart- j
ment of English. Members of the
student body and faculty are in
vited.
Tomorrow afternoon at 4:15, as a
part of the regular Tuesday after- !
noon poetry readings, Herbert Mer
itt, associate professor of English,
will read selections from the poetry
of Chaucer.
This reading will be held in the
Briggs Room, Humanities Building. |
under the auspices of the Depart- j
ment of English. Members of the
student body and faculty are in
vited.
Tomorrow afternoon at 4:15, as a
part of the regular Tuesday after- !
noon poetry readings, Herbert Mer
itt, associate professor of English,
will read selections from the poetry
of Chaucer.
This reading will be held in the
Briggs Room, Humanities Building. |
under the auspices of the Depart- j
ment of English. Members of the
student body and faculty are in
vited.
Tomorrow afternoon at 4:15, as a
part of the regular Tuesday after- !
noon poetry readings, Herbert Mer
itt, associate professor of English,
will read selections from the poetry
of Chaucer.
This reading will be held in the
Briggs Room, Humanities Building. |
under the auspices of the Depart- j
ment of English. Members of the
student body and faculty are in
vited.
Tomorrow afternoon at 4:15, as a
part of the regular Tuesday after- !
noon poetry readings, Herbert Mer
itt, associate professor of English,
will read selections from the poetry
of Chaucer.
This reading will be held in the
Briggs Room, Humanities Building. |
under the auspices of the Depart- j
ment of English. Members of the
student body and faculty are in
vited.
Tomorrow afternoon at 4:15, as a
part of the regular Tuesday after- !
noon poetry readings, Herbert Mer
itt, associate professor of English,
will read selections from the poetry
of Chaucer.
This reading will be held in the
Briggs Room, Humanities Building. |
under the auspices of the Depart- j
ment of English. Members of the
student body and faculty are in
vited.
Tomorrow afternoon at 4:15, as a
part of the regular Tuesday after- !
noon poetry readings, Herbert Mer
itt, associate professor of English,
will read selections from the poetry
of Chaucer.
This reading will be held in the
Briggs Room, Humanities Building. |
under the auspices of the Depart- j
ment of English. Members of the
student body and faculty are in
vited.
Tomorrow afternoon at 4:15, as a
part of the regular Tuesday after- !
noon poetry readings, Herbert Mer
itt, associate professor of English,
will read selections from the poetry
of Chaucer.
This reading will be held in the
Briggs Room, Humanities Building. |
under the auspices of the Depart- j
ment of English. Members of the
student body and faculty are in
vited.
Tomorrow afternoon at 4:15, as a
part of the regular Tuesday after- !
noon poetry readings, Herbert Mer
itt, associate professor of English,
will read selections from the poetry
of Chaucer.
This reading will be held in the
Briggs Room, Humanities Building. |
under the auspices of the Depart- j
ment of English. Members of the
student body and faculty are in
vited.
Tomorrow afternoon at 4:15, as a
part of the regular Tuesday after- !
noon poetry readings, Herbert Mer
itt, associate professor of English,
will read selections from the poetry
of Chaucer.
This reading will be held in the
Briggs Room, Humanities Building. |
under the auspices of the Depart- j
ment of English. Members of the
student body and faculty are in
vited.
