# Professor's Wife Dies After Illness
## 
### 
The wife of Stephen Timoshenko,
retired Stanford professor of theo
retical and applied mechanics, Mrs.
Alexandra Timoshenko, died Friday
morning at the Palo Alto Hospital
after a long illness. She was 68.
Mr. and Mrs. Timoshenko came
to the United States from Russia 22
years ago.
Funeral services will be held at
the chapel of Roller and Hapgood at
11 a.m. Monday.
The wife of Stephen Timoshenko,
retired Stanford professor of theo
retical and applied mechanics, Mrs.
Alexandra Timoshenko, died Friday
morning at the Palo Alto Hospital
after a long illness. She was 68.
Mr. and Mrs. Timoshenko came
to the United States from Russia 22
years ago.
Funeral services will be held at
the chapel of Roller and Hapgood at
11 a.m. Monday.
The wife of Stephen Timoshenko,
retired Stanford professor of theo
retical and applied mechanics, Mrs.
Alexandra Timoshenko, died Friday
morning at the Palo Alto Hospital
after a long illness. She was 68.
Mr. and Mrs. Timoshenko came
to the United States from Russia 22
years ago.
Funeral services will be held at
the chapel of Roller and Hapgood at
11 a.m. Monday.
The wife of Stephen Timoshenko,
retired Stanford professor of theo
retical and applied mechanics, Mrs.
Alexandra Timoshenko, died Friday
morning at the Palo Alto Hospital
after a long illness. She was 68.
Mr. and Mrs. Timoshenko came
to the United States from Russia 22
years ago.
Funeral services will be held at
the chapel of Roller and Hapgood at
11 a.m. Monday.
The wife of Stephen Timoshenko,
retired Stanford professor of theo
retical and applied mechanics, Mrs.
Alexandra Timoshenko, died Friday
morning at the Palo Alto Hospital
after a long illness. She was 68.
Mr. and Mrs. Timoshenko came
to the United States from Russia 22
years ago.
Funeral services will be held at
the chapel of Roller and Hapgood at
11 a.m. Monday.
The wife of Stephen Timoshenko,
retired Stanford professor of theo
retical and applied mechanics, Mrs.
Alexandra Timoshenko, died Friday
morning at the Palo Alto Hospital
after a long illness. She was 68.
Mr. and Mrs. Timoshenko came
to the United States from Russia 22
years ago.
Funeral services will be held at
the chapel of Roller and Hapgood at
11 a.m. Monday.
The wife of Stephen Timoshenko,
retired Stanford professor of theo
retical and applied mechanics, Mrs.
Alexandra Timoshenko, died Friday
morning at the Palo Alto Hospital
after a long illness. She was 68.
Mr. and Mrs. Timoshenko came
to the United States from Russia 22
years ago.
Funeral services will be held at
the chapel of Roller and Hapgood at
11 a.m. Monday.
The wife of Stephen Timoshenko,
retired Stanford professor of theo
retical and applied mechanics, Mrs.
Alexandra Timoshenko, died Friday
morning at the Palo Alto Hospital
after a long illness. She was 68.
Mr. and Mrs. Timoshenko came
to the United States from Russia 22
years ago.
Funeral services will be held at
the chapel of Roller and Hapgood at
11 a.m. Monday.
The wife of Stephen Timoshenko,
retired Stanford professor of theo
retical and applied mechanics, Mrs.
Alexandra Timoshenko, died Friday
morning at the Palo Alto Hospital
after a long illness. She was 68.
Mr. and Mrs. Timoshenko came
to the United States from Russia 22
years ago.
Funeral services will be held at
the chapel of Roller and Hapgood at
11 a.m. Monday.
The wife of Stephen Timoshenko,
retired Stanford professor of theo
retical and applied mechanics, Mrs.
Alexandra Timoshenko, died Friday
morning at the Palo Alto Hospital
after a long illness. She was 68.
Mr. and Mrs. Timoshenko came
to the United States from Russia 22
years ago.
Funeral services will be held at
the chapel of Roller and Hapgood at
11 a.m. Monday.
The wife of Stephen Timoshenko,
retired Stanford professor of theo
retical and applied mechanics, Mrs.
Alexandra Timoshenko, died Friday
morning at the Palo Alto Hospital
after a long illness. She was 68.
Mr. and Mrs. Timoshenko came
to the United States from Russia 22
years ago.
Funeral services will be held at
the chapel of Roller and Hapgood at
11 a.m. Monday.
The wife of Stephen Timoshenko,
retired Stanford professor of theo
retical and applied mechanics, Mrs.
Alexandra Timoshenko, died Friday
morning at the Palo Alto Hospital
after a long illness. She was 68.
Mr. and Mrs. Timoshenko came
to the United States from Russia 22
years ago.
Funeral services will be held at
the chapel of Roller and Hapgood at
11 a.m. Monday.
The wife of Stephen Timoshenko,
retired Stanford professor of theo
retical and applied mechanics, Mrs.
Alexandra Timoshenko, died Friday
morning at the Palo Alto Hospital
after a long illness. She was 68.
Mr. and Mrs. Timoshenko came
to the United States from Russia 22
years ago.
Funeral services will be held at
the chapel of Roller and Hapgood at
11 a.m. Monday.
The wife of Stephen Timoshenko,
retired Stanford professor of theo
retical and applied mechanics, Mrs.
Alexandra Timoshenko, died Friday
morning at the Palo Alto Hospital
after a long illness. She was 68.
Mr. and Mrs. Timoshenko came
to the United States from Russia 22
years ago.
Funeral services will be held at
the chapel of Roller and Hapgood at
11 a.m. Monday.
The wife of Stephen Timoshenko,
retired Stanford professor of theo
retical and applied mechanics, Mrs.
Alexandra Timoshenko, died Friday
morning at the Palo Alto Hospital
after a long illness. She was 68.
Mr. and Mrs. Timoshenko came
to the United States from Russia 22
years ago.
Funeral services will be held at
the chapel of Roller and Hapgood at
11 a.m. Monday.
