# Rams Need Material
## 
### 
Scripts, songs, music, funny sto
ries, and funny stories are still
needed for the Big Game Gaieties,
Ram's Head's pre-Big Game ex
travaganza, Newton Arnold, associ
ate director, announced today.
Although the production is not
scheduled until Big Game week of
fall quarter, Ram's Head is making
an early call for material so that
this year's revue will hit an ali
time post-war high.
Anyone with any sort of material
should contact Newton Arnold at
Memorial Hall or room 307, Encina
Hall.
Scripts, songs, music, funny sto
ries, and funny stories are still
needed for the Big Game Gaieties,
Ram's Head's pre-Big Game ex
travaganza, Newton Arnold, associ
ate director, announced today.
Although the production is not
scheduled until Big Game week of
fall quarter, Ram's Head is making
an early call for material so that
this year's revue will hit an ali
time post-war high.
Anyone with any sort of material
should contact Newton Arnold at
Memorial Hall or room 307, Encina
Hall.
Scripts, songs, music, funny sto
ries, and funny stories are still
needed for the Big Game Gaieties,
Ram's Head's pre-Big Game ex
travaganza, Newton Arnold, associ
ate director, announced today.
Although the production is not
scheduled until Big Game week of
fall quarter, Ram's Head is making
an early call for material so that
this year's revue will hit an ali
time post-war high.
Anyone with any sort of material
should contact Newton Arnold at
Memorial Hall or room 307, Encina
Hall.
Scripts, songs, music, funny sto
ries, and funny stories are still
needed for the Big Game Gaieties,
Ram's Head's pre-Big Game ex
travaganza, Newton Arnold, associ
ate director, announced today.
Although the production is not
scheduled until Big Game week of
fall quarter, Ram's Head is making
an early call for material so that
this year's revue will hit an ali
time post-war high.
Anyone with any sort of material
should contact Newton Arnold at
Memorial Hall or room 307, Encina
Hall.
Scripts, songs, music, funny sto
ries, and funny stories are still
needed for the Big Game Gaieties,
Ram's Head's pre-Big Game ex
travaganza, Newton Arnold, associ
ate director, announced today.
Although the production is not
scheduled until Big Game week of
fall quarter, Ram's Head is making
an early call for material so that
this year's revue will hit an ali
time post-war high.
Anyone with any sort of material
should contact Newton Arnold at
Memorial Hall or room 307, Encina
Hall.
Scripts, songs, music, funny sto
ries, and funny stories are still
needed for the Big Game Gaieties,
Ram's Head's pre-Big Game ex
travaganza, Newton Arnold, associ
ate director, announced today.
Although the production is not
scheduled until Big Game week of
fall quarter, Ram's Head is making
an early call for material so that
this year's revue will hit an ali
time post-war high.
Anyone with any sort of material
should contact Newton Arnold at
Memorial Hall or room 307, Encina
Hall.
Scripts, songs, music, funny sto
ries, and funny stories are still
needed for the Big Game Gaieties,
Ram's Head's pre-Big Game ex
travaganza, Newton Arnold, associ
ate director, announced today.
Although the production is not
scheduled until Big Game week of
fall quarter, Ram's Head is making
an early call for material so that
this year's revue will hit an ali
time post-war high.
Anyone with any sort of material
should contact Newton Arnold at
Memorial Hall or room 307, Encina
Hall.
Scripts, songs, music, funny sto
ries, and funny stories are still
needed for the Big Game Gaieties,
Ram's Head's pre-Big Game ex
travaganza, Newton Arnold, associ
ate director, announced today.
Although the production is not
scheduled until Big Game week of
fall quarter, Ram's Head is making
an early call for material so that
this year's revue will hit an ali
time post-war high.
Anyone with any sort of material
should contact Newton Arnold at
Memorial Hall or room 307, Encina
Hall.
Scripts, songs, music, funny sto
ries, and funny stories are still
needed for the Big Game Gaieties,
Ram's Head's pre-Big Game ex
travaganza, Newton Arnold, associ
ate director, announced today.
Although the production is not
scheduled until Big Game week of
fall quarter, Ram's Head is making
an early call for material so that
this year's revue will hit an ali
time post-war high.
Anyone with any sort of material
should contact Newton Arnold at
Memorial Hall or room 307, Encina
Hall.
Scripts, songs, music, funny sto
ries, and funny stories are still
needed for the Big Game Gaieties,
Ram's Head's pre-Big Game ex
travaganza, Newton Arnold, associ
ate director, announced today.
Although the production is not
scheduled until Big Game week of
fall quarter, Ram's Head is making
an early call for material so that
this year's revue will hit an ali
time post-war high.
Anyone with any sort of material
should contact Newton Arnold at
Memorial Hall or room 307, Encina
Hall.
Scripts, songs, music, funny sto
ries, and funny stories are still
needed for the Big Game Gaieties,
Ram's Head's pre-Big Game ex
travaganza, Newton Arnold, associ
ate director, announced today.
Although the production is not
scheduled until Big Game week of
fall quarter, Ram's Head is making
an early call for material so that
this year's revue will hit an ali
time post-war high.
Anyone with any sort of material
should contact Newton Arnold at
Memorial Hall or room 307, Encina
Hall.
Scripts, songs, music, funny sto
ries, and funny stories are still
needed for the Big Game Gaieties,
Ram's Head's pre-Big Game ex
travaganza, Newton Arnold, associ
ate director, announced today.
Although the production is not
scheduled until Big Game week of
fall quarter, Ram's Head is making
an early call for material so that
this year's revue will hit an ali
time post-war high.
Anyone with any sort of material
should contact Newton Arnold at
Memorial Hall or room 307, Encina
Hall.
Scripts, songs, music, funny sto
ries, and funny stories are still
needed for the Big Game Gaieties,
Ram's Head's pre-Big Game ex
travaganza, Newton Arnold, associ
ate director, announced today.
Although the production is not
scheduled until Big Game week of
fall quarter, Ram's Head is making
an early call for material so that
this year's revue will hit an ali
time post-war high.
Anyone with any sort of material
should contact Newton Arnold at
Memorial Hall or room 307, Encina
Hall.
Scripts, songs, music, funny sto
ries, and funny stories are still
needed for the Big Game Gaieties,
Ram's Head's pre-Big Game ex
travaganza, Newton Arnold, associ
ate director, announced today.
Although the production is not
scheduled until Big Game week of
fall quarter, Ram's Head is making
an early call for material so that
this year's revue will hit an ali
time post-war high.
Anyone with any sort of material
should contact Newton Arnold at
Memorial Hall or room 307, Encina
Hall.
Scripts, songs, music, funny sto
ries, and funny stories are still
needed for the Big Game Gaieties,
Ram's Head's pre-Big Game ex
travaganza, Newton Arnold, associ
ate director, announced today.
Although the production is not
scheduled until Big Game week of
fall quarter, Ram's Head is making
an early call for material so that
this year's revue will hit an ali
time post-war high.
Anyone with any sort of material
should contact Newton Arnold at
Memorial Hall or room 307, Encina
Hall.
