# Registration Breaks All Records.
## 
### 
With the close of the Registrar's
office yesterday evening, 1464 men
and women were registered in the
University. This is a decided ad
vance over the total number regis
tered at a corresponding date in
1905, when there were hut 1325
names on the University rolls.
There were a few scattering reg
istrations to-day, which should
bring the grand total up to nearly
1500 when the Registrar's office
closes this afternoon.
The treasurer's books show that
out of this number only 941 stu
dents have paid the student body
assessment. Of these 657 are men
and 284 are women.
With the close of the Registrar's
office yesterday evening, 1464 men
and women were registered in the
University. This is a decided ad
vance over the total number regis
tered at a corresponding date in
1905, when there were hut 1325
names on the University rolls.
There were a few scattering reg
istrations to-day, which should
bring the grand total up to nearly
1500 when the Registrar's office
closes this afternoon.
The treasurer's books show that
out of this number only 941 stu
dents have paid the student body
assessment. Of these 657 are men
and 284 are women.
With the close of the Registrar's
office yesterday evening, 1464 men
and women were registered in the
University. This is a decided ad
vance over the total number regis
tered at a corresponding date in
1905, when there were hut 1325
names on the University rolls.
There were a few scattering reg
istrations to-day, which should
bring the grand total up to nearly
1500 when the Registrar's office
closes this afternoon.
The treasurer's books show that
out of this number only 941 stu
dents have paid the student body
assessment. Of these 657 are men
and 284 are women.
With the close of the Registrar's
office yesterday evening, 1464 men
and women were registered in the
University. This is a decided ad
vance over the total number regis
tered at a corresponding date in
1905, when there were hut 1325
names on the University rolls.
There were a few scattering reg
istrations to-day, which should
bring the grand total up to nearly
1500 when the Registrar's office
closes this afternoon.
The treasurer's books show that
out of this number only 941 stu
dents have paid the student body
assessment. Of these 657 are men
and 284 are women.
With the close of the Registrar's
office yesterday evening, 1464 men
and women were registered in the
University. This is a decided ad
vance over the total number regis
tered at a corresponding date in
1905, when there were hut 1325
names on the University rolls.
There were a few scattering reg
istrations to-day, which should
bring the grand total up to nearly
1500 when the Registrar's office
closes this afternoon.
The treasurer's books show that
out of this number only 941 stu
dents have paid the student body
assessment. Of these 657 are men
and 284 are women.
With the close of the Registrar's
office yesterday evening, 1464 men
and women were registered in the
University. This is a decided ad
vance over the total number regis
tered at a corresponding date in
1905, when there were hut 1325
names on the University rolls.
There were a few scattering reg
istrations to-day, which should
bring the grand total up to nearly
1500 when the Registrar's office
closes this afternoon.
The treasurer's books show that
out of this number only 941 stu
dents have paid the student body
assessment. Of these 657 are men
and 284 are women.
With the close of the Registrar's
office yesterday evening, 1464 men
and women were registered in the
University. This is a decided ad
vance over the total number regis
tered at a corresponding date in
1905, when there were hut 1325
names on the University rolls.
There were a few scattering reg
istrations to-day, which should
bring the grand total up to nearly
1500 when the Registrar's office
closes this afternoon.
The treasurer's books show that
out of this number only 941 stu
dents have paid the student body
assessment. Of these 657 are men
and 284 are women.
With the close of the Registrar's
office yesterday evening, 1464 men
and women were registered in the
University. This is a decided ad
vance over the total number regis
tered at a corresponding date in
1905, when there were hut 1325
names on the University rolls.
There were a few scattering reg
istrations to-day, which should
bring the grand total up to nearly
1500 when the Registrar's office
closes this afternoon.
The treasurer's books show that
out of this number only 941 stu
dents have paid the student body
assessment. Of these 657 are men
and 284 are women.
With the close of the Registrar's
office yesterday evening, 1464 men
and women were registered in the
University. This is a decided ad
vance over the total number regis
tered at a corresponding date in
1905, when there were hut 1325
names on the University rolls.
There were a few scattering reg
istrations to-day, which should
bring the grand total up to nearly
1500 when the Registrar's office
closes this afternoon.
The treasurer's books show that
out of this number only 941 stu
dents have paid the student body
assessment. Of these 657 are men
and 284 are women.
