# Song-books Net Profit.
## 
### 
The report from the sale of the
Stanford song - books this year
shows that there were 1972 books
printed, of which 1033 were sold for
$72.31. The coat of issuing the
books was $35, leaving a profit of
$37.31.
The report from the sale of the
Stanford song - books this year
shows that there were 1972 books
printed, of which 1033 were sold for
$72.31. The coat of issuing the
books was $35, leaving a profit of
$37.31.
The report from the sale of the
Stanford song - books this year
shows that there were 1972 books
printed, of which 1033 were sold for
$72.31. The coat of issuing the
books was $35, leaving a profit of
$37.31.
The report from the sale of the
Stanford song - books this year
shows that there were 1972 books
printed, of which 1033 were sold for
$72.31. The coat of issuing the
books was $35, leaving a profit of
$37.31.
The report from the sale of the
Stanford song - books this year
shows that there were 1972 books
printed, of which 1033 were sold for
$72.31. The coat of issuing the
books was $35, leaving a profit of
$37.31.
The report from the sale of the
Stanford song - books this year
shows that there were 1972 books
printed, of which 1033 were sold for
$72.31. The coat of issuing the
books was $35, leaving a profit of
$37.31.
The report from the sale of the
Stanford song - books this year
shows that there were 1972 books
printed, of which 1033 were sold for
$72.31. The coat of issuing the
books was $35, leaving a profit of
$37.31.
The report from the sale of the
Stanford song - books this year
shows that there were 1972 books
printed, of which 1033 were sold for
$72.31. The coat of issuing the
books was $35, leaving a profit of
$37.31.
The report from the sale of the
Stanford song - books this year
shows that there were 1972 books
printed, of which 1033 were sold for
$72.31. The coat of issuing the
books was $35, leaving a profit of
$37.31.
