# Classical Music
## 
### 
TODAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Rush. Hovhaness.
Thomson and Copland, San Francisco
Symphony, Opera House, 2 p.m. Continues
Friday at 8:30 p.m
FRIDAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Ravel and Chavez.
San Jose Symphony, Center for the Per
forming Arts. San Jose, 830 p.m. Con
tinues Saturday
SATURDAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Hanson, Verdi,
Copland and Wagner. Oakland Symphony,
Paramount Theatre, Oakland, 8 p.m.
SYMPHONY. Works by Rush, Hovhaness.
Thomson and Copland. San Francisco
Symphony, Flint Center, Cupertino, 8 p.m.

SUNDAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Muczynski, Harri
son, Saint-Saens and Tchaikovsky, Oak
land Symphony, Paramount Theatre, Oak
land, 8 p.m.
CONCERT. "Music for the Feast of Christ
mas," St. Bede's Church, Mento Park, 8
p.m.
CHORAL MUSIC. The Nativity According
to St. Luke." St. Ignatius Church, San Fran
cisco
WEDNESDAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Ives, MacDowetl,
Varese and Gershwin, San Francisco Sym
phony, Opera House, 8:30 p.m. Open re
hearsal at 10 a.m.
TODAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Rush. Hovhaness.
Thomson and Copland, San Francisco
Symphony, Opera House, 2 p.m. Continues
Friday at 8:30 p.m
FRIDAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Ravel and Chavez.
San Jose Symphony, Center for the Per
forming Arts. San Jose, 830 p.m. Con
tinues Saturday
SATURDAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Hanson, Verdi,
Copland and Wagner. Oakland Symphony,
Paramount Theatre, Oakland, 8 p.m.
SYMPHONY. Works by Rush, Hovhaness.
Thomson and Copland. San Francisco
Symphony, Flint Center, Cupertino, 8 p.m.

SUNDAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Muczynski, Harri
son, Saint-Saens and Tchaikovsky, Oak
land Symphony, Paramount Theatre, Oak
land, 8 p.m.
CONCERT. "Music for the Feast of Christ
mas," St. Bede's Church, Mento Park, 8
p.m.
CHORAL MUSIC. The Nativity According
to St. Luke." St. Ignatius Church, San Fran
cisco
WEDNESDAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Ives, MacDowetl,
Varese and Gershwin, San Francisco Sym
phony, Opera House, 8:30 p.m. Open re
hearsal at 10 a.m.
TODAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Rush. Hovhaness.
Thomson and Copland, San Francisco
Symphony, Opera House, 2 p.m. Continues
Friday at 8:30 p.m
FRIDAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Ravel and Chavez.
San Jose Symphony, Center for the Per
forming Arts. San Jose, 830 p.m. Con
tinues Saturday
SATURDAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Hanson, Verdi,
Copland and Wagner. Oakland Symphony,
Paramount Theatre, Oakland, 8 p.m.
SYMPHONY. Works by Rush, Hovhaness.
Thomson and Copland. San Francisco
Symphony, Flint Center, Cupertino, 8 p.m.

SUNDAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Muczynski, Harri
son, Saint-Saens and Tchaikovsky, Oak
land Symphony, Paramount Theatre, Oak
land, 8 p.m.
CONCERT. "Music for the Feast of Christ
mas," St. Bede's Church, Mento Park, 8
p.m.
CHORAL MUSIC. The Nativity According
to St. Luke." St. Ignatius Church, San Fran
cisco
WEDNESDAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Ives, MacDowetl,
Varese and Gershwin, San Francisco Sym
phony, Opera House, 8:30 p.m. Open re
hearsal at 10 a.m.
TODAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Rush. Hovhaness.
Thomson and Copland, San Francisco
Symphony, Opera House, 2 p.m. Continues
Friday at 8:30 p.m
FRIDAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Ravel and Chavez.
San Jose Symphony, Center for the Per
forming Arts. San Jose, 830 p.m. Con
tinues Saturday
SATURDAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Hanson, Verdi,
Copland and Wagner. Oakland Symphony,
Paramount Theatre, Oakland, 8 p.m.
SYMPHONY. Works by Rush, Hovhaness.
Thomson and Copland. San Francisco
Symphony, Flint Center, Cupertino, 8 p.m.

SUNDAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Muczynski, Harri
son, Saint-Saens and Tchaikovsky, Oak
land Symphony, Paramount Theatre, Oak
land, 8 p.m.
CONCERT. "Music for the Feast of Christ
mas," St. Bede's Church, Mento Park, 8
p.m.
CHORAL MUSIC. The Nativity According
to St. Luke." St. Ignatius Church, San Fran
cisco
WEDNESDAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Ives, MacDowetl,
Varese and Gershwin, San Francisco Sym
phony, Opera House, 8:30 p.m. Open re
hearsal at 10 a.m.
TODAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Rush. Hovhaness.
Thomson and Copland, San Francisco
Symphony, Opera House, 2 p.m. Continues
Friday at 8:30 p.m
FRIDAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Ravel and Chavez.
San Jose Symphony, Center for the Per
forming Arts. San Jose, 830 p.m. Con
tinues Saturday
SATURDAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Hanson, Verdi,
Copland and Wagner. Oakland Symphony,
Paramount Theatre, Oakland, 8 p.m.
SYMPHONY. Works by Rush, Hovhaness.
Thomson and Copland. San Francisco
Symphony, Flint Center, Cupertino, 8 p.m.

SUNDAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Muczynski, Harri
son, Saint-Saens and Tchaikovsky, Oak
land Symphony, Paramount Theatre, Oak
land, 8 p.m.
CONCERT. "Music for the Feast of Christ
mas," St. Bede's Church, Mento Park, 8
p.m.
CHORAL MUSIC. The Nativity According
to St. Luke." St. Ignatius Church, San Fran
cisco
WEDNESDAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Ives, MacDowetl,
Varese and Gershwin, San Francisco Sym
phony, Opera House, 8:30 p.m. Open re
hearsal at 10 a.m.
TODAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Rush. Hovhaness.
Thomson and Copland, San Francisco
Symphony, Opera House, 2 p.m. Continues
Friday at 8:30 p.m
FRIDAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Ravel and Chavez.
San Jose Symphony, Center for the Per
forming Arts. San Jose, 830 p.m. Con
tinues Saturday
SATURDAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Hanson, Verdi,
Copland and Wagner. Oakland Symphony,
Paramount Theatre, Oakland, 8 p.m.
SYMPHONY. Works by Rush, Hovhaness.
Thomson and Copland. San Francisco
Symphony, Flint Center, Cupertino, 8 p.m.

SUNDAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Muczynski, Harri
son, Saint-Saens and Tchaikovsky, Oak
land Symphony, Paramount Theatre, Oak
land, 8 p.m.
CONCERT. "Music for the Feast of Christ
mas," St. Bede's Church, Mento Park, 8
p.m.
CHORAL MUSIC. The Nativity According
to St. Luke." St. Ignatius Church, San Fran
cisco
WEDNESDAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Ives, MacDowetl,
Varese and Gershwin, San Francisco Sym
phony, Opera House, 8:30 p.m. Open re
hearsal at 10 a.m.
TODAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Rush. Hovhaness.
Thomson and Copland, San Francisco
Symphony, Opera House, 2 p.m. Continues
Friday at 8:30 p.m
FRIDAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Ravel and Chavez.
San Jose Symphony, Center for the Per
forming Arts. San Jose, 830 p.m. Con
tinues Saturday
SATURDAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Hanson, Verdi,
Copland and Wagner. Oakland Symphony,
Paramount Theatre, Oakland, 8 p.m.
SYMPHONY. Works by Rush, Hovhaness.
Thomson and Copland. San Francisco
Symphony, Flint Center, Cupertino, 8 p.m.

SUNDAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Muczynski, Harri
son, Saint-Saens and Tchaikovsky, Oak
land Symphony, Paramount Theatre, Oak
land, 8 p.m.
CONCERT. "Music for the Feast of Christ
mas," St. Bede's Church, Mento Park, 8
p.m.
CHORAL MUSIC. The Nativity According
to St. Luke." St. Ignatius Church, San Fran
cisco
WEDNESDAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Ives, MacDowetl,
Varese and Gershwin, San Francisco Sym
phony, Opera House, 8:30 p.m. Open re
hearsal at 10 a.m.
TODAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Rush. Hovhaness.
Thomson and Copland, San Francisco
Symphony, Opera House, 2 p.m. Continues
Friday at 8:30 p.m
FRIDAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Ravel and Chavez.
San Jose Symphony, Center for the Per
forming Arts. San Jose, 830 p.m. Con
tinues Saturday
SATURDAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Hanson, Verdi,
Copland and Wagner. Oakland Symphony,
Paramount Theatre, Oakland, 8 p.m.
SYMPHONY. Works by Rush, Hovhaness.
Thomson and Copland. San Francisco
Symphony, Flint Center, Cupertino, 8 p.m.

SUNDAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Muczynski, Harri
son, Saint-Saens and Tchaikovsky, Oak
land Symphony, Paramount Theatre, Oak
land, 8 p.m.
CONCERT. "Music for the Feast of Christ
mas," St. Bede's Church, Mento Park, 8
p.m.
CHORAL MUSIC. The Nativity According
to St. Luke." St. Ignatius Church, San Fran
cisco
WEDNESDAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Ives, MacDowetl,
Varese and Gershwin, San Francisco Sym
phony, Opera House, 8:30 p.m. Open re
hearsal at 10 a.m.
TODAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Rush. Hovhaness.
Thomson and Copland, San Francisco
Symphony, Opera House, 2 p.m. Continues
Friday at 8:30 p.m
FRIDAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Ravel and Chavez.
San Jose Symphony, Center for the Per
forming Arts. San Jose, 830 p.m. Con
tinues Saturday
SATURDAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Hanson, Verdi,
Copland and Wagner. Oakland Symphony,
Paramount Theatre, Oakland, 8 p.m.
SYMPHONY. Works by Rush, Hovhaness.
Thomson and Copland. San Francisco
Symphony, Flint Center, Cupertino, 8 p.m.

SUNDAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Muczynski, Harri
son, Saint-Saens and Tchaikovsky, Oak
land Symphony, Paramount Theatre, Oak
land, 8 p.m.
CONCERT. "Music for the Feast of Christ
mas," St. Bede's Church, Mento Park, 8
p.m.
CHORAL MUSIC. The Nativity According
to St. Luke." St. Ignatius Church, San Fran
cisco
WEDNESDAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Ives, MacDowetl,
Varese and Gershwin, San Francisco Sym
phony, Opera House, 8:30 p.m. Open re
hearsal at 10 a.m.
TODAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Rush. Hovhaness.
Thomson and Copland, San Francisco
Symphony, Opera House, 2 p.m. Continues
Friday at 8:30 p.m
FRIDAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Ravel and Chavez.
San Jose Symphony, Center for the Per
forming Arts. San Jose, 830 p.m. Con
tinues Saturday
SATURDAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Hanson, Verdi,
Copland and Wagner. Oakland Symphony,
Paramount Theatre, Oakland, 8 p.m.
SYMPHONY. Works by Rush, Hovhaness.
Thomson and Copland. San Francisco
Symphony, Flint Center, Cupertino, 8 p.m.

SUNDAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Muczynski, Harri
son, Saint-Saens and Tchaikovsky, Oak
land Symphony, Paramount Theatre, Oak
land, 8 p.m.
CONCERT. "Music for the Feast of Christ
mas," St. Bede's Church, Mento Park, 8
p.m.
CHORAL MUSIC. The Nativity According
to St. Luke." St. Ignatius Church, San Fran
cisco
WEDNESDAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Ives, MacDowetl,
Varese and Gershwin, San Francisco Sym
phony, Opera House, 8:30 p.m. Open re
hearsal at 10 a.m.
TODAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Rush. Hovhaness.
Thomson and Copland, San Francisco
Symphony, Opera House, 2 p.m. Continues
Friday at 8:30 p.m
FRIDAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Ravel and Chavez.
San Jose Symphony, Center for the Per
forming Arts. San Jose, 830 p.m. Con
tinues Saturday
SATURDAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Hanson, Verdi,
Copland and Wagner. Oakland Symphony,
Paramount Theatre, Oakland, 8 p.m.
SYMPHONY. Works by Rush, Hovhaness.
Thomson and Copland. San Francisco
Symphony, Flint Center, Cupertino, 8 p.m.

SUNDAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Muczynski, Harri
son, Saint-Saens and Tchaikovsky, Oak
land Symphony, Paramount Theatre, Oak
land, 8 p.m.
CONCERT. "Music for the Feast of Christ
mas," St. Bede's Church, Mento Park, 8
p.m.
CHORAL MUSIC. The Nativity According
to St. Luke." St. Ignatius Church, San Fran
cisco
WEDNESDAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Ives, MacDowetl,
Varese and Gershwin, San Francisco Sym
phony, Opera House, 8:30 p.m. Open re
hearsal at 10 a.m.
TODAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Rush. Hovhaness.
Thomson and Copland, San Francisco
Symphony, Opera House, 2 p.m. Continues
Friday at 8:30 p.m
FRIDAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Ravel and Chavez.
San Jose Symphony, Center for the Per
forming Arts. San Jose, 830 p.m. Con
tinues Saturday
SATURDAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Hanson, Verdi,
Copland and Wagner. Oakland Symphony,
Paramount Theatre, Oakland, 8 p.m.
SYMPHONY. Works by Rush, Hovhaness.
Thomson and Copland. San Francisco
Symphony, Flint Center, Cupertino, 8 p.m.

SUNDAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Muczynski, Harri
son, Saint-Saens and Tchaikovsky, Oak
land Symphony, Paramount Theatre, Oak
land, 8 p.m.
CONCERT. "Music for the Feast of Christ
mas," St. Bede's Church, Mento Park, 8
p.m.
CHORAL MUSIC. The Nativity According
to St. Luke." St. Ignatius Church, San Fran
cisco
WEDNESDAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Ives, MacDowetl,
Varese and Gershwin, San Francisco Sym
phony, Opera House, 8:30 p.m. Open re
hearsal at 10 a.m.
TODAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Rush. Hovhaness.
Thomson and Copland, San Francisco
Symphony, Opera House, 2 p.m. Continues
Friday at 8:30 p.m
FRIDAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Ravel and Chavez.
San Jose Symphony, Center for the Per
forming Arts. San Jose, 830 p.m. Con
tinues Saturday
SATURDAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Hanson, Verdi,
Copland and Wagner. Oakland Symphony,
Paramount Theatre, Oakland, 8 p.m.
SYMPHONY. Works by Rush, Hovhaness.
Thomson and Copland. San Francisco
Symphony, Flint Center, Cupertino, 8 p.m.

SUNDAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Muczynski, Harri
son, Saint-Saens and Tchaikovsky, Oak
land Symphony, Paramount Theatre, Oak
land, 8 p.m.
CONCERT. "Music for the Feast of Christ
mas," St. Bede's Church, Mento Park, 8
p.m.
CHORAL MUSIC. The Nativity According
to St. Luke." St. Ignatius Church, San Fran
cisco
WEDNESDAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Ives, MacDowetl,
Varese and Gershwin, San Francisco Sym
phony, Opera House, 8:30 p.m. Open re
hearsal at 10 a.m.
TODAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Rush. Hovhaness.
Thomson and Copland, San Francisco
Symphony, Opera House, 2 p.m. Continues
Friday at 8:30 p.m
FRIDAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Ravel and Chavez.
San Jose Symphony, Center for the Per
forming Arts. San Jose, 830 p.m. Con
tinues Saturday
SATURDAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Hanson, Verdi,
Copland and Wagner. Oakland Symphony,
Paramount Theatre, Oakland, 8 p.m.
SYMPHONY. Works by Rush, Hovhaness.
Thomson and Copland. San Francisco
Symphony, Flint Center, Cupertino, 8 p.m.

SUNDAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Muczynski, Harri
son, Saint-Saens and Tchaikovsky, Oak
land Symphony, Paramount Theatre, Oak
land, 8 p.m.
CONCERT. "Music for the Feast of Christ
mas," St. Bede's Church, Mento Park, 8
p.m.
CHORAL MUSIC. The Nativity According
to St. Luke." St. Ignatius Church, San Fran
cisco
WEDNESDAY
SYMPHONY. Works by Ives, MacDowetl,
Varese and Gershwin, San Francisco Sym
phony, Opera House, 8:30 p.m. Open re
hearsal at 10 a.m.
