# Cattlemen To Meet Benson
## 
### 
WASHINGTON. Oct. 25 (UP) â€”
Cattlemen from the windswept
Northern plains to'the lush grass
lands of central Florida converged
on the nation's capital today to
plead for government aid in halting
skidding beef prices.
They will lay their case tomorrow
before Secretary of Agriculture
Ezra T. Benson who reluctantly
agreed to meet with the 350-man
delegation after suggesting a con
ference with just a few regional
spokesmen.
Gus F. Geissler, an official of the
National Farmers' Union, which is
sponsoring the cattlemen's caravan,
said White House aides had ail but
closed the door on an appointment
with President Eisenhower, indicat
ing the whole meeting will be han
dled at the department level.
