# BIG TEN MUDDLE
## 
### 
Illinois assumed tlje role of top
Big Ten contender for the Rose
Bowl last weekend when both
Michigan and Michigan State were
tumbled out of the ranks of the un
defeated.
Illinois assumed tlje role of top
Big Ten contender for the Rose
Bowl last weekend when both
Michigan and Michigan State were
tumbled out of the ranks of the un
defeated.
Illinois assumed tlje role of top
Big Ten contender for the Rose
Bowl last weekend when both
Michigan and Michigan State were
tumbled out of the ranks of the un
defeated.
Illinois assumed tlje role of top
Big Ten contender for the Rose
Bowl last weekend when both
Michigan and Michigan State were
tumbled out of the ranks of the un
defeated.
Illinois assumed tlje role of top
Big Ten contender for the Rose
Bowl last weekend when both
Michigan and Michigan State were
tumbled out of the ranks of the un
defeated.
Illinois assumed tlje role of top
Big Ten contender for the Rose
Bowl last weekend when both
Michigan and Michigan State were
tumbled out of the ranks of the un
defeated.
Illinois assumed tlje role of top
Big Ten contender for the Rose
Bowl last weekend when both
Michigan and Michigan State were
tumbled out of the ranks of the un
defeated.
Illinois assumed tlje role of top
Big Ten contender for the Rose
Bowl last weekend when both
Michigan and Michigan State were
tumbled out of the ranks of the un
defeated.
Illinois assumed tlje role of top
Big Ten contender for the Rose
Bowl last weekend when both
Michigan and Michigan State were
tumbled out of the ranks of the un
defeated.
Illinois assumed tlje role of top
Big Ten contender for the Rose
Bowl last weekend when both
Michigan and Michigan State were
tumbled out of the ranks of the un
defeated.
Illinois assumed tlje role of top
Big Ten contender for the Rose
Bowl last weekend when both
Michigan and Michigan State were
tumbled out of the ranks of the un
defeated.
Illinois assumed tlje role of top
Big Ten contender for the Rose
Bowl last weekend when both
Michigan and Michigan State were
tumbled out of the ranks of the un
defeated.
Illinois assumed tlje role of top
Big Ten contender for the Rose
Bowl last weekend when both
Michigan and Michigan State were
tumbled out of the ranks of the un
defeated.
Illinois assumed tlje role of top
Big Ten contender for the Rose
Bowl last weekend when both
Michigan and Michigan State were
tumbled out of the ranks of the un
defeated.
Illinois assumed tlje role of top
Big Ten contender for the Rose
Bowl last weekend when both
Michigan and Michigan State were
tumbled out of the ranks of the un
defeated.
Illinois assumed tlje role of top
Big Ten contender for the Rose
Bowl last weekend when both
Michigan and Michigan State were
tumbled out of the ranks of the un
defeated.
Illinois assumed tlje role of top
Big Ten contender for the Rose
Bowl last weekend when both
Michigan and Michigan State were
tumbled out of the ranks of the un
defeated.
