# Reds Encircle German Rebels
## 
### 
BERLIN. Oct. 25 (UP)—An armed
anti-Communist partisan band was
reported fighting its way to freedom
from East Germany today and the
Communists ringed Berlin with
thousands of troops and police to
stop them.
The West Berlin press reported a
series of clashes during the past two
days in which 16 rebels were cap
tured and eight to 28 Eastern police
BERLIN. Oct. 25 (UP)—An armed
anti-Communist partisan band was
reported fighting its way to freedom
from East Germany today and the
Communists ringed Berlin with
thousands of troops and police to
stop them.
The West Berlin press reported a
series of clashes during the past two
days in which 16 rebels were cap
tured and eight to 28 Eastern police
BERLIN. Oct. 25 (UP)—An armed
anti-Communist partisan band was
reported fighting its way to freedom
from East Germany today and the
Communists ringed Berlin with
thousands of troops and police to
stop them.
The West Berlin press reported a
series of clashes during the past two
days in which 16 rebels were cap
tured and eight to 28 Eastern police
BERLIN. Oct. 25 (UP)—An armed
anti-Communist partisan band was
reported fighting its way to freedom
from East Germany today and the
Communists ringed Berlin with
thousands of troops and police to
stop them.
The West Berlin press reported a
series of clashes during the past two
days in which 16 rebels were cap
tured and eight to 28 Eastern police
BERLIN. Oct. 25 (UP)—An armed
anti-Communist partisan band was
reported fighting its way to freedom
from East Germany today and the
Communists ringed Berlin with
thousands of troops and police to
stop them.
The West Berlin press reported a
series of clashes during the past two
days in which 16 rebels were cap
tured and eight to 28 Eastern police
BERLIN. Oct. 25 (UP)—An armed
anti-Communist partisan band was
reported fighting its way to freedom
from East Germany today and the
Communists ringed Berlin with
thousands of troops and police to
stop them.
The West Berlin press reported a
series of clashes during the past two
days in which 16 rebels were cap
tured and eight to 28 Eastern police
BERLIN. Oct. 25 (UP)—An armed
anti-Communist partisan band was
reported fighting its way to freedom
from East Germany today and the
Communists ringed Berlin with
thousands of troops and police to
stop them.
The West Berlin press reported a
series of clashes during the past two
days in which 16 rebels were cap
tured and eight to 28 Eastern police
BERLIN. Oct. 25 (UP)—An armed
anti-Communist partisan band was
reported fighting its way to freedom
from East Germany today and the
Communists ringed Berlin with
thousands of troops and police to
stop them.
The West Berlin press reported a
series of clashes during the past two
days in which 16 rebels were cap
tured and eight to 28 Eastern police
BERLIN. Oct. 25 (UP)—An armed
anti-Communist partisan band was
reported fighting its way to freedom
from East Germany today and the
Communists ringed Berlin with
thousands of troops and police to
stop them.
The West Berlin press reported a
series of clashes during the past two
days in which 16 rebels were cap
tured and eight to 28 Eastern police
BERLIN. Oct. 25 (UP)—An armed
anti-Communist partisan band was
reported fighting its way to freedom
from East Germany today and the
Communists ringed Berlin with
thousands of troops and police to
stop them.
The West Berlin press reported a
series of clashes during the past two
days in which 16 rebels were cap
tured and eight to 28 Eastern police
BERLIN. Oct. 25 (UP)—An armed
anti-Communist partisan band was
reported fighting its way to freedom
from East Germany today and the
Communists ringed Berlin with
thousands of troops and police to
stop them.
The West Berlin press reported a
series of clashes during the past two
days in which 16 rebels were cap
tured and eight to 28 Eastern police
BERLIN. Oct. 25 (UP)—An armed
anti-Communist partisan band was
reported fighting its way to freedom
from East Germany today and the
Communists ringed Berlin with
thousands of troops and police to
stop them.
The West Berlin press reported a
series of clashes during the past two
days in which 16 rebels were cap
tured and eight to 28 Eastern police
BERLIN. Oct. 25 (UP)—An armed
anti-Communist partisan band was
reported fighting its way to freedom
from East Germany today and the
Communists ringed Berlin with
thousands of troops and police to
stop them.
The West Berlin press reported a
series of clashes during the past two
days in which 16 rebels were cap
tured and eight to 28 Eastern police
BERLIN. Oct. 25 (UP)—An armed
anti-Communist partisan band was
reported fighting its way to freedom
from East Germany today and the
Communists ringed Berlin with
thousands of troops and police to
stop them.
The West Berlin press reported a
series of clashes during the past two
days in which 16 rebels were cap
tured and eight to 28 Eastern police
BERLIN. Oct. 25 (UP)—An armed
anti-Communist partisan band was
reported fighting its way to freedom
from East Germany today and the
Communists ringed Berlin with
thousands of troops and police to
stop them.
The West Berlin press reported a
series of clashes during the past two
days in which 16 rebels were cap
tured and eight to 28 Eastern police
BERLIN. Oct. 25 (UP)—An armed
anti-Communist partisan band was
reported fighting its way to freedom
from East Germany today and the
Communists ringed Berlin with
thousands of troops and police to
stop them.
The West Berlin press reported a
series of clashes during the past two
days in which 16 rebels were cap
tured and eight to 28 Eastern police
BERLIN. Oct. 25 (UP)—An armed
anti-Communist partisan band was
reported fighting its way to freedom
from East Germany today and the
Communists ringed Berlin with
thousands of troops and police to
stop them.
The West Berlin press reported a
series of clashes during the past two
days in which 16 rebels were cap
tured and eight to 28 Eastern police
