# ZIMBALIST, TO PLAY HERE NEXT WEEK, IS GIVEN S.F. OVATION
## 
### Jean Rosenberg 
Efrem Zimbalist, Russian violin
ist who will play in the Stanford
Pavilion next Wednesday in the
second concert of the 1929-30
A.S.S.LT. Series, was applauded by
a large audience at his concert in
San Francisco Tuesday night. The
crowd expressed its appreciation
so enthusiastically that the artist
was compelled to repeat two of his
shorter numbers.
Zimbalist's playing of the Brahms
Sonata in J) Minor was smooth and
flowing and apparently made an
enormous appeal to the audience,
despite the fact that the softly
pizzicato pasages were almost lost
in the barn-like Dreamland Audi
torium. His Mendelssohn was really
Mendelssohn and seemed to lift his
audience easily but completely out
of itself. There was a moment of
silence (the greatest tribute to an
artist) and a unanimous sigh be
fore the applause for this number
began.
The last gi'oup of a well-balanced
program included four popular se
lections: Schubert's lovely though
somewhat hackneyed Ave Maria, a
Chopin Valse of which Zimbalist
gave an interpretation which can
only be called ecstatic, Sarasate's
Fantasy ot' themes from Carmen,
and Glinka's exotic Persian Song.
At. times a little too casual, Eman
uel Pay was, however, a satisfac
tory accompanist.
With the exception of the Brahms
Sonata, Zimbalist will play the
same program at Stanford next
Wednesday night.
