# FRENCH REJECT ITALIAN NAVAL PARITY PLANS
## Two Nations Enter London Conference Without Prior Agreement American Delegates Sail For English Shore 
### 
HOME, Jan. !). (/P) —The Franco-
Italian negotiations for a prelimin
ary naval understanding before the
opening of the five power disarma
ment conference in London came
to a standstill today with the an
nouncement, that France had re
jected Italy's proposal for naval
parity between the two countries.
The Italian foreign office regard
ed the French reply as a rupture
of the negotiations, which have
been going on for many weeks.
Italy's efforts to reach, an agree
ment by negotiations on the ques
tion of parity are considered to
have failed.
It now is inferred here that Italy
and France will go to the London
conference without a prior under
standing, unless Foreign Minister
Briand of France and Foreign Min
ister (Jrandi of Italy, who will meet
in Geneva shortly for the league
council session, can achieve some
thing by personal exchange of
views
IIOISOKEN, N.J., Jan. 9. (/p;—
Expressing hope of accomplishing
their mission, the American dele
gation to the London naval arma
ment limitations conference sailed
for England today aboard the liner
George Washington. The gangplank
v/as taken in at 3:25 p.m.
Hundreds of persons lined the
piers, cheering and waving as the
"peace ship" started on her jour
ney.
Shortly before the liner sailed,
Secretary of State Henry L. Stim
son, head of the American delega
tion, said that tlie delegates, en
couraged by expressions of good
will from all parts of the country,
have "high hopes of being able to
accomplish the successful result of
our mission."
HOME, Jan. !). (/P) —The Franco-
Italian negotiations for a prelimin
ary naval understanding before the
opening of the five power disarma
ment conference in London came
to a standstill today with the an
nouncement, that France had re
jected Italy's proposal for naval
parity between the two countries.
The Italian foreign office regard
ed the French reply as a rupture
of the negotiations, which have
been going on for many weeks.
Italy's efforts to reach, an agree
ment by negotiations on the ques
tion of parity are considered to
have failed.
It now is inferred here that Italy
and France will go to the London
conference without a prior under
standing, unless Foreign Minister
Briand of France and Foreign Min
ister (Jrandi of Italy, who will meet
in Geneva shortly for the league
council session, can achieve some
thing by personal exchange of
views
IIOISOKEN, N.J., Jan. 9. (/p;—
Expressing hope of accomplishing
their mission, the American dele
gation to the London naval arma
ment limitations conference sailed
for England today aboard the liner
George Washington. The gangplank
v/as taken in at 3:25 p.m.
Hundreds of persons lined the
piers, cheering and waving as the
"peace ship" started on her jour
ney.
Shortly before the liner sailed,
Secretary of State Henry L. Stim
son, head of the American delega
tion, said that tlie delegates, en
couraged by expressions of good
will from all parts of the country,
have "high hopes of being able to
accomplish the successful result of
our mission."
HOME, Jan. !). (/P) —The Franco-
Italian negotiations for a prelimin
ary naval understanding before the
opening of the five power disarma
ment conference in London came
to a standstill today with the an
nouncement, that France had re
jected Italy's proposal for naval
parity between the two countries.
The Italian foreign office regard
ed the French reply as a rupture
of the negotiations, which have
been going on for many weeks.
Italy's efforts to reach, an agree
ment by negotiations on the ques
tion of parity are considered to
have failed.
It now is inferred here that Italy
and France will go to the London
conference without a prior under
standing, unless Foreign Minister
Briand of France and Foreign Min
ister (Jrandi of Italy, who will meet
in Geneva shortly for the league
council session, can achieve some
thing by personal exchange of
views
IIOISOKEN, N.J., Jan. 9. (/p;—
Expressing hope of accomplishing
their mission, the American dele
gation to the London naval arma
ment limitations conference sailed
for England today aboard the liner
George Washington. The gangplank
v/as taken in at 3:25 p.m.
Hundreds of persons lined the
piers, cheering and waving as the
"peace ship" started on her jour
ney.
Shortly before the liner sailed,
Secretary of State Henry L. Stim
son, head of the American delega
tion, said that tlie delegates, en
couraged by expressions of good
will from all parts of the country,
have "high hopes of being able to
accomplish the successful result of
our mission."
HOME, Jan. !). (/P) —The Franco-
Italian negotiations for a prelimin
ary naval understanding before the
opening of the five power disarma
ment conference in London came
to a standstill today with the an
nouncement, that France had re
jected Italy's proposal for naval
parity between the two countries.
The Italian foreign office regard
ed the French reply as a rupture
of the negotiations, which have
been going on for many weeks.
Italy's efforts to reach, an agree
ment by negotiations on the ques
tion of parity are considered to
have failed.
It now is inferred here that Italy
and France will go to the London
conference without a prior under
standing, unless Foreign Minister
Briand of France and Foreign Min
ister (Jrandi of Italy, who will meet
in Geneva shortly for the league
council session, can achieve some
thing by personal exchange of
views
IIOISOKEN, N.J., Jan. 9. (/p;—
Expressing hope of accomplishing
their mission, the American dele
gation to the London naval arma
ment limitations conference sailed
for England today aboard the liner
George Washington. The gangplank
v/as taken in at 3:25 p.m.
Hundreds of persons lined the
piers, cheering and waving as the
"peace ship" started on her jour
ney.
Shortly before the liner sailed,
Secretary of State Henry L. Stim
son, head of the American delega
tion, said that tlie delegates, en
couraged by expressions of good
will from all parts of the country,
have "high hopes of being able to
accomplish the successful result of
our mission."
HOME, Jan. !). (/P) —The Franco-
Italian negotiations for a prelimin
ary naval understanding before the
opening of the five power disarma
ment conference in London came
to a standstill today with the an
nouncement, that France had re
jected Italy's proposal for naval
parity between the two countries.
The Italian foreign office regard
ed the French reply as a rupture
of the negotiations, which have
been going on for many weeks.
Italy's efforts to reach, an agree
ment by negotiations on the ques
tion of parity are considered to
have failed.
It now is inferred here that Italy
and France will go to the London
conference without a prior under
standing, unless Foreign Minister
Briand of France and Foreign Min
ister (Jrandi of Italy, who will meet
in Geneva shortly for the league
council session, can achieve some
thing by personal exchange of
views
IIOISOKEN, N.J., Jan. 9. (/p;—
Expressing hope of accomplishing
their mission, the American dele
gation to the London naval arma
ment limitations conference sailed
for England today aboard the liner
George Washington. The gangplank
v/as taken in at 3:25 p.m.
Hundreds of persons lined the
piers, cheering and waving as the
"peace ship" started on her jour
ney.
Shortly before the liner sailed,
Secretary of State Henry L. Stim
son, head of the American delega
tion, said that tlie delegates, en
couraged by expressions of good
will from all parts of the country,
have "high hopes of being able to
accomplish the successful result of
our mission."
HOME, Jan. !). (/P) —The Franco-
Italian negotiations for a prelimin
ary naval understanding before the
opening of the five power disarma
ment conference in London came
to a standstill today with the an
nouncement, that France had re
jected Italy's proposal for naval
parity between the two countries.
The Italian foreign office regard
ed the French reply as a rupture
of the negotiations, which have
been going on for many weeks.
Italy's efforts to reach, an agree
ment by negotiations on the ques
tion of parity are considered to
have failed.
It now is inferred here that Italy
and France will go to the London
conference without a prior under
standing, unless Foreign Minister
Briand of France and Foreign Min
ister (Jrandi of Italy, who will meet
in Geneva shortly for the league
council session, can achieve some
thing by personal exchange of
views
IIOISOKEN, N.J., Jan. 9. (/p;—
Expressing hope of accomplishing
their mission, the American dele
gation to the London naval arma
ment limitations conference sailed
for England today aboard the liner
George Washington. The gangplank
v/as taken in at 3:25 p.m.
Hundreds of persons lined the
piers, cheering and waving as the
"peace ship" started on her jour
ney.
Shortly before the liner sailed,
Secretary of State Henry L. Stim
son, head of the American delega
tion, said that tlie delegates, en
couraged by expressions of good
will from all parts of the country,
have "high hopes of being able to
accomplish the successful result of
our mission."
HOME, Jan. !). (/P) —The Franco-
Italian negotiations for a prelimin
ary naval understanding before the
opening of the five power disarma
ment conference in London came
to a standstill today with the an
nouncement, that France had re
jected Italy's proposal for naval
parity between the two countries.
The Italian foreign office regard
ed the French reply as a rupture
of the negotiations, which have
been going on for many weeks.
Italy's efforts to reach, an agree
ment by negotiations on the ques
tion of parity are considered to
have failed.
It now is inferred here that Italy
and France will go to the London
conference without a prior under
standing, unless Foreign Minister
Briand of France and Foreign Min
ister (Jrandi of Italy, who will meet
in Geneva shortly for the league
council session, can achieve some
thing by personal exchange of
views
IIOISOKEN, N.J., Jan. 9. (/p;—
Expressing hope of accomplishing
their mission, the American dele
gation to the London naval arma
ment limitations conference sailed
for England today aboard the liner
George Washington. The gangplank
v/as taken in at 3:25 p.m.
Hundreds of persons lined the
piers, cheering and waving as the
"peace ship" started on her jour
ney.
Shortly before the liner sailed,
Secretary of State Henry L. Stim
son, head of the American delega
tion, said that tlie delegates, en
couraged by expressions of good
will from all parts of the country,
have "high hopes of being able to
accomplish the successful result of
our mission."
HOME, Jan. !). (/P) —The Franco-
Italian negotiations for a prelimin
ary naval understanding before the
opening of the five power disarma
ment conference in London came
to a standstill today with the an
nouncement, that France had re
jected Italy's proposal for naval
parity between the two countries.
The Italian foreign office regard
ed the French reply as a rupture
of the negotiations, which have
been going on for many weeks.
Italy's efforts to reach, an agree
ment by negotiations on the ques
tion of parity are considered to
have failed.
It now is inferred here that Italy
and France will go to the London
conference without a prior under
standing, unless Foreign Minister
Briand of France and Foreign Min
ister (Jrandi of Italy, who will meet
in Geneva shortly for the league
council session, can achieve some
thing by personal exchange of
views
IIOISOKEN, N.J., Jan. 9. (/p;—
Expressing hope of accomplishing
their mission, the American dele
gation to the London naval arma
ment limitations conference sailed
for England today aboard the liner
George Washington. The gangplank
v/as taken in at 3:25 p.m.
Hundreds of persons lined the
piers, cheering and waving as the
"peace ship" started on her jour
ney.
Shortly before the liner sailed,
Secretary of State Henry L. Stim
son, head of the American delega
tion, said that tlie delegates, en
couraged by expressions of good
will from all parts of the country,
have "high hopes of being able to
accomplish the successful result of
our mission."
HOME, Jan. !). (/P) —The Franco-
Italian negotiations for a prelimin
ary naval understanding before the
opening of the five power disarma
ment conference in London came
to a standstill today with the an
nouncement, that France had re
jected Italy's proposal for naval
parity between the two countries.
The Italian foreign office regard
ed the French reply as a rupture
of the negotiations, which have
been going on for many weeks.
Italy's efforts to reach, an agree
ment by negotiations on the ques
tion of parity are considered to
have failed.
It now is inferred here that Italy
and France will go to the London
conference without a prior under
standing, unless Foreign Minister
Briand of France and Foreign Min
ister (Jrandi of Italy, who will meet
in Geneva shortly for the league
council session, can achieve some
thing by personal exchange of
views
IIOISOKEN, N.J., Jan. 9. (/p;—
Expressing hope of accomplishing
their mission, the American dele
gation to the London naval arma
ment limitations conference sailed
for England today aboard the liner
George Washington. The gangplank
v/as taken in at 3:25 p.m.
Hundreds of persons lined the
piers, cheering and waving as the
"peace ship" started on her jour
ney.
Shortly before the liner sailed,
Secretary of State Henry L. Stim
son, head of the American delega
tion, said that tlie delegates, en
couraged by expressions of good
will from all parts of the country,
have "high hopes of being able to
accomplish the successful result of
our mission."
HOME, Jan. !). (/P) —The Franco-
Italian negotiations for a prelimin
ary naval understanding before the
opening of the five power disarma
ment conference in London came
to a standstill today with the an
nouncement, that France had re
jected Italy's proposal for naval
parity between the two countries.
The Italian foreign office regard
ed the French reply as a rupture
of the negotiations, which have
been going on for many weeks.
Italy's efforts to reach, an agree
ment by negotiations on the ques
tion of parity are considered to
have failed.
It now is inferred here that Italy
and France will go to the London
conference without a prior under
standing, unless Foreign Minister
Briand of France and Foreign Min
ister (Jrandi of Italy, who will meet
in Geneva shortly for the league
council session, can achieve some
thing by personal exchange of
views
IIOISOKEN, N.J., Jan. 9. (/p;—
Expressing hope of accomplishing
their mission, the American dele
gation to the London naval arma
ment limitations conference sailed
for England today aboard the liner
George Washington. The gangplank
v/as taken in at 3:25 p.m.
Hundreds of persons lined the
piers, cheering and waving as the
"peace ship" started on her jour
ney.
Shortly before the liner sailed,
Secretary of State Henry L. Stim
son, head of the American delega
tion, said that tlie delegates, en
couraged by expressions of good
will from all parts of the country,
have "high hopes of being able to
accomplish the successful result of
our mission."
HOME, Jan. !). (/P) —The Franco-
Italian negotiations for a prelimin
ary naval understanding before the
opening of the five power disarma
ment conference in London came
to a standstill today with the an
nouncement, that France had re
jected Italy's proposal for naval
parity between the two countries.
The Italian foreign office regard
ed the French reply as a rupture
of the negotiations, which have
been going on for many weeks.
Italy's efforts to reach, an agree
ment by negotiations on the ques
tion of parity are considered to
have failed.
It now is inferred here that Italy
and France will go to the London
conference without a prior under
standing, unless Foreign Minister
Briand of France and Foreign Min
ister (Jrandi of Italy, who will meet
in Geneva shortly for the league
council session, can achieve some
thing by personal exchange of
views
IIOISOKEN, N.J., Jan. 9. (/p;—
Expressing hope of accomplishing
their mission, the American dele
gation to the London naval arma
ment limitations conference sailed
for England today aboard the liner
George Washington. The gangplank
v/as taken in at 3:25 p.m.
Hundreds of persons lined the
piers, cheering and waving as the
"peace ship" started on her jour
ney.
Shortly before the liner sailed,
Secretary of State Henry L. Stim
son, head of the American delega
tion, said that tlie delegates, en
couraged by expressions of good
will from all parts of the country,
have "high hopes of being able to
accomplish the successful result of
our mission."
HOME, Jan. !). (/P) —The Franco-
Italian negotiations for a prelimin
ary naval understanding before the
opening of the five power disarma
ment conference in London came
to a standstill today with the an
nouncement, that France had re
jected Italy's proposal for naval
parity between the two countries.
The Italian foreign office regard
ed the French reply as a rupture
of the negotiations, which have
been going on for many weeks.
Italy's efforts to reach, an agree
ment by negotiations on the ques
tion of parity are considered to
have failed.
It now is inferred here that Italy
and France will go to the London
conference without a prior under
standing, unless Foreign Minister
Briand of France and Foreign Min
ister (Jrandi of Italy, who will meet
in Geneva shortly for the league
council session, can achieve some
thing by personal exchange of
views
IIOISOKEN, N.J., Jan. 9. (/p;—
Expressing hope of accomplishing
their mission, the American dele
gation to the London naval arma
ment limitations conference sailed
for England today aboard the liner
George Washington. The gangplank
v/as taken in at 3:25 p.m.
Hundreds of persons lined the
piers, cheering and waving as the
"peace ship" started on her jour
ney.
Shortly before the liner sailed,
Secretary of State Henry L. Stim
son, head of the American delega
tion, said that tlie delegates, en
couraged by expressions of good
will from all parts of the country,
have "high hopes of being able to
accomplish the successful result of
our mission."
HOME, Jan. !). (/P) —The Franco-
Italian negotiations for a prelimin
ary naval understanding before the
opening of the five power disarma
ment conference in London came
to a standstill today with the an
nouncement, that France had re
jected Italy's proposal for naval
parity between the two countries.
The Italian foreign office regard
ed the French reply as a rupture
of the negotiations, which have
been going on for many weeks.
Italy's efforts to reach, an agree
ment by negotiations on the ques
tion of parity are considered to
have failed.
It now is inferred here that Italy
and France will go to the London
conference without a prior under
standing, unless Foreign Minister
Briand of France and Foreign Min
ister (Jrandi of Italy, who will meet
in Geneva shortly for the league
council session, can achieve some
thing by personal exchange of
views
IIOISOKEN, N.J., Jan. 9. (/p;—
Expressing hope of accomplishing
their mission, the American dele
gation to the London naval arma
ment limitations conference sailed
for England today aboard the liner
George Washington. The gangplank
v/as taken in at 3:25 p.m.
Hundreds of persons lined the
piers, cheering and waving as the
"peace ship" started on her jour
ney.
Shortly before the liner sailed,
Secretary of State Henry L. Stim
son, head of the American delega
tion, said that tlie delegates, en
couraged by expressions of good
will from all parts of the country,
have "high hopes of being able to
accomplish the successful result of
our mission."
HOME, Jan. !). (/P) —The Franco-
Italian negotiations for a prelimin
ary naval understanding before the
opening of the five power disarma
ment conference in London came
to a standstill today with the an
nouncement, that France had re
jected Italy's proposal for naval
parity between the two countries.
The Italian foreign office regard
ed the French reply as a rupture
of the negotiations, which have
been going on for many weeks.
Italy's efforts to reach, an agree
ment by negotiations on the ques
tion of parity are considered to
have failed.
It now is inferred here that Italy
and France will go to the London
conference without a prior under
standing, unless Foreign Minister
Briand of France and Foreign Min
ister (Jrandi of Italy, who will meet
in Geneva shortly for the league
council session, can achieve some
thing by personal exchange of
views
IIOISOKEN, N.J., Jan. 9. (/p;—
Expressing hope of accomplishing
their mission, the American dele
gation to the London naval arma
ment limitations conference sailed
for England today aboard the liner
George Washington. The gangplank
v/as taken in at 3:25 p.m.
Hundreds of persons lined the
piers, cheering and waving as the
"peace ship" started on her jour
ney.
Shortly before the liner sailed,
Secretary of State Henry L. Stim
son, head of the American delega
tion, said that tlie delegates, en
couraged by expressions of good
will from all parts of the country,
have "high hopes of being able to
accomplish the successful result of
our mission."
HOME, Jan. !). (/P) —The Franco-
Italian negotiations for a prelimin
ary naval understanding before the
opening of the five power disarma
ment conference in London came
to a standstill today with the an
nouncement, that France had re
jected Italy's proposal for naval
parity between the two countries.
The Italian foreign office regard
ed the French reply as a rupture
of the negotiations, which have
been going on for many weeks.
Italy's efforts to reach, an agree
ment by negotiations on the ques
tion of parity are considered to
have failed.
It now is inferred here that Italy
and France will go to the London
conference without a prior under
standing, unless Foreign Minister
Briand of France and Foreign Min
ister (Jrandi of Italy, who will meet
in Geneva shortly for the league
council session, can achieve some
thing by personal exchange of
views
IIOISOKEN, N.J., Jan. 9. (/p;—
Expressing hope of accomplishing
their mission, the American dele
gation to the London naval arma
ment limitations conference sailed
for England today aboard the liner
George Washington. The gangplank
v/as taken in at 3:25 p.m.
Hundreds of persons lined the
piers, cheering and waving as the
"peace ship" started on her jour
ney.
Shortly before the liner sailed,
Secretary of State Henry L. Stim
son, head of the American delega
tion, said that tlie delegates, en
couraged by expressions of good
will from all parts of the country,
have "high hopes of being able to
accomplish the successful result of
our mission."
HOME, Jan. !). (/P) —The Franco-
Italian negotiations for a prelimin
ary naval understanding before the
opening of the five power disarma
ment conference in London came
to a standstill today with the an
nouncement, that France had re
jected Italy's proposal for naval
parity between the two countries.
The Italian foreign office regard
ed the French reply as a rupture
of the negotiations, which have
been going on for many weeks.
Italy's efforts to reach, an agree
ment by negotiations on the ques
tion of parity are considered to
have failed.
It now is inferred here that Italy
and France will go to the London
conference without a prior under
standing, unless Foreign Minister
Briand of France and Foreign Min
ister (Jrandi of Italy, who will meet
in Geneva shortly for the league
council session, can achieve some
thing by personal exchange of
views
IIOISOKEN, N.J., Jan. 9. (/p;—
Expressing hope of accomplishing
their mission, the American dele
gation to the London naval arma
ment limitations conference sailed
for England today aboard the liner
George Washington. The gangplank
v/as taken in at 3:25 p.m.
Hundreds of persons lined the
piers, cheering and waving as the
"peace ship" started on her jour
ney.
Shortly before the liner sailed,
Secretary of State Henry L. Stim
son, head of the American delega
tion, said that tlie delegates, en
couraged by expressions of good
will from all parts of the country,
have "high hopes of being able to
accomplish the successful result of
our mission."
