# Adv. 5 Page 2
## 
### 
I'hone DA il-l.'lOl to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 5 p.m.
I'hone DA il-l.'lOl to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 5 p.m.
I'hone DA il-l.'lOl to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 5 p.m.
I'hone DA il-l.'lOl to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 5 p.m.
I'hone DA il-l.'lOl to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 5 p.m.
I'hone DA il-l.'lOl to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 5 p.m.
I'hone DA il-l.'lOl to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 5 p.m.
I'hone DA il-l.'lOl to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 5 p.m.
I'hone DA il-l.'lOl to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 5 p.m.
I'hone DA il-l.'lOl to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 5 p.m.
I'hone DA il-l.'lOl to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 5 p.m.
I'hone DA il-l.'lOl to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 5 p.m.
I'hone DA il-l.'lOl to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 5 p.m.
I'hone DA il-l.'lOl to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 5 p.m.
