# Foreign Awards
## 
### 
The Institute of International
Education lias announced that
there is a wide variety of oppor
tunities available for American
students who wish to study in
Asia, Europe, and Latin America.
Fellowships for foreign study
next fall are offered in the fol
lowing countries: Brazil, Ceylon,
Denmark, England, France, Ger
many, Iran, Italy, Mexico, the
Netherlands, Spain, Sweden, and
Switzerland. The closing dates for
applications vary with the differ
ent countries and run from Jan
uary to May.
Interested students may apply
for complete information on these
scholarships by writing or phon
ing the San Francisco office of the
Institute of International Educa
tion, 421 I'owell Street, DOuglas
2-6520.
The Institute of International
Education lias announced that
there is a wide variety of oppor
tunities available for American
students who wish to study in
Asia, Europe, and Latin America.
Fellowships for foreign study
next fall are offered in the fol
lowing countries: Brazil, Ceylon,
Denmark, England, France, Ger
many, Iran, Italy, Mexico, the
Netherlands, Spain, Sweden, and
Switzerland. The closing dates for
applications vary with the differ
ent countries and run from Jan
uary to May.
Interested students may apply
for complete information on these
scholarships by writing or phon
ing the San Francisco office of the
Institute of International Educa
tion, 421 I'owell Street, DOuglas
2-6520.
The Institute of International
Education lias announced that
there is a wide variety of oppor
tunities available for American
students who wish to study in
Asia, Europe, and Latin America.
Fellowships for foreign study
next fall are offered in the fol
lowing countries: Brazil, Ceylon,
Denmark, England, France, Ger
many, Iran, Italy, Mexico, the
Netherlands, Spain, Sweden, and
Switzerland. The closing dates for
applications vary with the differ
ent countries and run from Jan
uary to May.
Interested students may apply
for complete information on these
scholarships by writing or phon
ing the San Francisco office of the
Institute of International Educa
tion, 421 I'owell Street, DOuglas
2-6520.
The Institute of International
Education lias announced that
there is a wide variety of oppor
tunities available for American
students who wish to study in
Asia, Europe, and Latin America.
Fellowships for foreign study
next fall are offered in the fol
lowing countries: Brazil, Ceylon,
Denmark, England, France, Ger
many, Iran, Italy, Mexico, the
Netherlands, Spain, Sweden, and
Switzerland. The closing dates for
applications vary with the differ
ent countries and run from Jan
uary to May.
Interested students may apply
for complete information on these
scholarships by writing or phon
ing the San Francisco office of the
Institute of International Educa
tion, 421 I'owell Street, DOuglas
2-6520.
The Institute of International
Education lias announced that
there is a wide variety of oppor
tunities available for American
students who wish to study in
Asia, Europe, and Latin America.
Fellowships for foreign study
next fall are offered in the fol
lowing countries: Brazil, Ceylon,
Denmark, England, France, Ger
many, Iran, Italy, Mexico, the
Netherlands, Spain, Sweden, and
Switzerland. The closing dates for
applications vary with the differ
ent countries and run from Jan
uary to May.
Interested students may apply
for complete information on these
scholarships by writing or phon
ing the San Francisco office of the
Institute of International Educa
tion, 421 I'owell Street, DOuglas
2-6520.
The Institute of International
Education lias announced that
there is a wide variety of oppor
tunities available for American
students who wish to study in
Asia, Europe, and Latin America.
Fellowships for foreign study
next fall are offered in the fol
lowing countries: Brazil, Ceylon,
Denmark, England, France, Ger
many, Iran, Italy, Mexico, the
Netherlands, Spain, Sweden, and
Switzerland. The closing dates for
applications vary with the differ
ent countries and run from Jan
uary to May.
Interested students may apply
for complete information on these
scholarships by writing or phon
ing the San Francisco office of the
Institute of International Educa
tion, 421 I'owell Street, DOuglas
2-6520.
The Institute of International
Education lias announced that
there is a wide variety of oppor
tunities available for American
students who wish to study in
Asia, Europe, and Latin America.
Fellowships for foreign study
next fall are offered in the fol
lowing countries: Brazil, Ceylon,
Denmark, England, France, Ger
many, Iran, Italy, Mexico, the
Netherlands, Spain, Sweden, and
Switzerland. The closing dates for
applications vary with the differ
ent countries and run from Jan
uary to May.
Interested students may apply
for complete information on these
scholarships by writing or phon
ing the San Francisco office of the
Institute of International Educa
tion, 421 I'owell Street, DOuglas
2-6520.
The Institute of International
Education lias announced that
there is a wide variety of oppor
tunities available for American
students who wish to study in
Asia, Europe, and Latin America.
Fellowships for foreign study
next fall are offered in the fol
lowing countries: Brazil, Ceylon,
Denmark, England, France, Ger
many, Iran, Italy, Mexico, the
Netherlands, Spain, Sweden, and
Switzerland. The closing dates for
applications vary with the differ
ent countries and run from Jan
uary to May.
Interested students may apply
for complete information on these
scholarships by writing or phon
ing the San Francisco office of the
Institute of International Educa
tion, 421 I'owell Street, DOuglas
2-6520.
The Institute of International
Education lias announced that
there is a wide variety of oppor
tunities available for American
students who wish to study in
Asia, Europe, and Latin America.
Fellowships for foreign study
next fall are offered in the fol
lowing countries: Brazil, Ceylon,
Denmark, England, France, Ger
many, Iran, Italy, Mexico, the
Netherlands, Spain, Sweden, and
Switzerland. The closing dates for
applications vary with the differ
ent countries and run from Jan
uary to May.
Interested students may apply
for complete information on these
scholarships by writing or phon
ing the San Francisco office of the
Institute of International Educa
tion, 421 I'owell Street, DOuglas
2-6520.
The Institute of International
Education lias announced that
there is a wide variety of oppor
tunities available for American
students who wish to study in
Asia, Europe, and Latin America.
Fellowships for foreign study
next fall are offered in the fol
lowing countries: Brazil, Ceylon,
Denmark, England, France, Ger
many, Iran, Italy, Mexico, the
Netherlands, Spain, Sweden, and
Switzerland. The closing dates for
applications vary with the differ
ent countries and run from Jan
uary to May.
Interested students may apply
for complete information on these
scholarships by writing or phon
ing the San Francisco office of the
Institute of International Educa
tion, 421 I'owell Street, DOuglas
2-6520.
The Institute of International
Education lias announced that
there is a wide variety of oppor
tunities available for American
students who wish to study in
Asia, Europe, and Latin America.
Fellowships for foreign study
next fall are offered in the fol
lowing countries: Brazil, Ceylon,
Denmark, England, France, Ger
many, Iran, Italy, Mexico, the
Netherlands, Spain, Sweden, and
Switzerland. The closing dates for
applications vary with the differ
ent countries and run from Jan
uary to May.
Interested students may apply
for complete information on these
scholarships by writing or phon
ing the San Francisco office of the
Institute of International Educa
tion, 421 I'owell Street, DOuglas
2-6520.
The Institute of International
Education lias announced that
there is a wide variety of oppor
tunities available for American
students who wish to study in
Asia, Europe, and Latin America.
Fellowships for foreign study
next fall are offered in the fol
lowing countries: Brazil, Ceylon,
Denmark, England, France, Ger
many, Iran, Italy, Mexico, the
Netherlands, Spain, Sweden, and
Switzerland. The closing dates for
applications vary with the differ
ent countries and run from Jan
uary to May.
Interested students may apply
for complete information on these
scholarships by writing or phon
ing the San Francisco office of the
Institute of International Educa
tion, 421 I'owell Street, DOuglas
2-6520.
The Institute of International
Education lias announced that
there is a wide variety of oppor
tunities available for American
students who wish to study in
Asia, Europe, and Latin America.
Fellowships for foreign study
next fall are offered in the fol
lowing countries: Brazil, Ceylon,
Denmark, England, France, Ger
many, Iran, Italy, Mexico, the
Netherlands, Spain, Sweden, and
Switzerland. The closing dates for
applications vary with the differ
ent countries and run from Jan
uary to May.
Interested students may apply
for complete information on these
scholarships by writing or phon
ing the San Francisco office of the
Institute of International Educa
tion, 421 I'owell Street, DOuglas
2-6520.
The Institute of International
Education lias announced that
there is a wide variety of oppor
tunities available for American
students who wish to study in
Asia, Europe, and Latin America.
Fellowships for foreign study
next fall are offered in the fol
lowing countries: Brazil, Ceylon,
Denmark, England, France, Ger
many, Iran, Italy, Mexico, the
Netherlands, Spain, Sweden, and
Switzerland. The closing dates for
applications vary with the differ
ent countries and run from Jan
uary to May.
Interested students may apply
for complete information on these
scholarships by writing or phon
ing the San Francisco office of the
Institute of International Educa
tion, 421 I'owell Street, DOuglas
2-6520.
