# Oil Essay Contest
## 
### 
The Association of Petroleum
Re-Refiners is sponsoring an es
say contest on "Oil Conservation
for National Dewense," open to
undergraduate students in Ameri
can colleges and universities.
Papers must be a minimum of
2,000 words in length, written on
one side of the page, with name
and address on cach page.

The contest closes at midnight,
March 31. Essays must he sub
mitted by that date to the Asso
ciation of Petroleum Re-Rcfiners,
1917 Eye Street, N.W., Washing
ton 6, D.C.
Prijpi; Idlul
The Association of Petroleum
Re-Refiners is sponsoring an es
say contest on "Oil Conservation
for National Dewense," open to
undergraduate students in Ameri
can colleges and universities.
Papers must be a minimum of
2,000 words in length, written on
one side of the page, with name
and address on cach page.

The contest closes at midnight,
March 31. Essays must he sub
mitted by that date to the Asso
ciation of Petroleum Re-Rcfiners,
1917 Eye Street, N.W., Washing
ton 6, D.C.
Prijpi; Idlul
The Association of Petroleum
Re-Refiners is sponsoring an es
say contest on "Oil Conservation
for National Dewense," open to
undergraduate students in Ameri
can colleges and universities.
Papers must be a minimum of
2,000 words in length, written on
one side of the page, with name
and address on cach page.

The contest closes at midnight,
March 31. Essays must he sub
mitted by that date to the Asso
ciation of Petroleum Re-Rcfiners,
1917 Eye Street, N.W., Washing
ton 6, D.C.
Prijpi; Idlul
The Association of Petroleum
Re-Refiners is sponsoring an es
say contest on "Oil Conservation
for National Dewense," open to
undergraduate students in Ameri
can colleges and universities.
Papers must be a minimum of
2,000 words in length, written on
one side of the page, with name
and address on cach page.

The contest closes at midnight,
March 31. Essays must he sub
mitted by that date to the Asso
ciation of Petroleum Re-Rcfiners,
1917 Eye Street, N.W., Washing
ton 6, D.C.
Prijpi; Idlul
The Association of Petroleum
Re-Refiners is sponsoring an es
say contest on "Oil Conservation
for National Dewense," open to
undergraduate students in Ameri
can colleges and universities.
Papers must be a minimum of
2,000 words in length, written on
one side of the page, with name
and address on cach page.

The contest closes at midnight,
March 31. Essays must he sub
mitted by that date to the Asso
ciation of Petroleum Re-Rcfiners,
1917 Eye Street, N.W., Washing
ton 6, D.C.
Prijpi; Idlul
The Association of Petroleum
Re-Refiners is sponsoring an es
say contest on "Oil Conservation
for National Dewense," open to
undergraduate students in Ameri
can colleges and universities.
Papers must be a minimum of
2,000 words in length, written on
one side of the page, with name
and address on cach page.

The contest closes at midnight,
March 31. Essays must he sub
mitted by that date to the Asso
ciation of Petroleum Re-Rcfiners,
1917 Eye Street, N.W., Washing
ton 6, D.C.
Prijpi; Idlul
The Association of Petroleum
Re-Refiners is sponsoring an es
say contest on "Oil Conservation
for National Dewense," open to
undergraduate students in Ameri
can colleges and universities.
Papers must be a minimum of
2,000 words in length, written on
one side of the page, with name
and address on cach page.

The contest closes at midnight,
March 31. Essays must he sub
mitted by that date to the Asso
ciation of Petroleum Re-Rcfiners,
1917 Eye Street, N.W., Washing
ton 6, D.C.
Prijpi; Idlul
The Association of Petroleum
Re-Refiners is sponsoring an es
say contest on "Oil Conservation
for National Dewense," open to
undergraduate students in Ameri
can colleges and universities.
Papers must be a minimum of
2,000 words in length, written on
one side of the page, with name
and address on cach page.

The contest closes at midnight,
March 31. Essays must he sub
mitted by that date to the Asso
ciation of Petroleum Re-Rcfiners,
1917 Eye Street, N.W., Washing
ton 6, D.C.
Prijpi; Idlul
The Association of Petroleum
Re-Refiners is sponsoring an es
say contest on "Oil Conservation
for National Dewense," open to
undergraduate students in Ameri
can colleges and universities.
Papers must be a minimum of
2,000 words in length, written on
one side of the page, with name
and address on cach page.

The contest closes at midnight,
March 31. Essays must he sub
mitted by that date to the Asso
ciation of Petroleum Re-Rcfiners,
1917 Eye Street, N.W., Washing
ton 6, D.C.
Prijpi; Idlul
The Association of Petroleum
Re-Refiners is sponsoring an es
say contest on "Oil Conservation
for National Dewense," open to
undergraduate students in Ameri
can colleges and universities.
Papers must be a minimum of
2,000 words in length, written on
one side of the page, with name
and address on cach page.

The contest closes at midnight,
March 31. Essays must he sub
mitted by that date to the Asso
ciation of Petroleum Re-Rcfiners,
1917 Eye Street, N.W., Washing
ton 6, D.C.
Prijpi; Idlul
The Association of Petroleum
Re-Refiners is sponsoring an es
say contest on "Oil Conservation
for National Dewense," open to
undergraduate students in Ameri
can colleges and universities.
Papers must be a minimum of
2,000 words in length, written on
one side of the page, with name
and address on cach page.

The contest closes at midnight,
March 31. Essays must he sub
mitted by that date to the Asso
ciation of Petroleum Re-Rcfiners,
1917 Eye Street, N.W., Washing
ton 6, D.C.
Prijpi; Idlul
The Association of Petroleum
Re-Refiners is sponsoring an es
say contest on "Oil Conservation
for National Dewense," open to
undergraduate students in Ameri
can colleges and universities.
Papers must be a minimum of
2,000 words in length, written on
one side of the page, with name
and address on cach page.

The contest closes at midnight,
March 31. Essays must he sub
mitted by that date to the Asso
ciation of Petroleum Re-Rcfiners,
1917 Eye Street, N.W., Washing
ton 6, D.C.
Prijpi; Idlul
The Association of Petroleum
Re-Refiners is sponsoring an es
say contest on "Oil Conservation
for National Dewense," open to
undergraduate students in Ameri
can colleges and universities.
Papers must be a minimum of
2,000 words in length, written on
one side of the page, with name
and address on cach page.

The contest closes at midnight,
March 31. Essays must he sub
mitted by that date to the Asso
ciation of Petroleum Re-Rcfiners,
1917 Eye Street, N.W., Washing
ton 6, D.C.
Prijpi; Idlul
The Association of Petroleum
Re-Refiners is sponsoring an es
say contest on "Oil Conservation
for National Dewense," open to
undergraduate students in Ameri
can colleges and universities.
Papers must be a minimum of
2,000 words in length, written on
one side of the page, with name
and address on cach page.

The contest closes at midnight,
March 31. Essays must he sub
mitted by that date to the Asso
ciation of Petroleum Re-Rcfiners,
1917 Eye Street, N.W., Washing
ton 6, D.C.
Prijpi; Idlul
