# Likins Wins AAU Novice Mat Crown
## 
### 
Stanford wrestler Pete Likins won
the Pacific Amateur Athletic Union
147-pound crown December 11th in
a meet held in the Spartan Gym in
San Jose.
Sixty-five men from the bay area
competed in the meet which took
place during the Farm's dead week.
Likins was the only entrant from
Stanford in the pre-season meet, and
during the regular wrestling season
he will compete with the Indian
team.
Stanford wrestler Pete Likins won
the Pacific Amateur Athletic Union
147-pound crown December 11th in
a meet held in the Spartan Gym in
San Jose.
Sixty-five men from the bay area
competed in the meet which took
place during the Farm's dead week.
Likins was the only entrant from
Stanford in the pre-season meet, and
during the regular wrestling season
he will compete with the Indian
team.
Stanford wrestler Pete Likins won
the Pacific Amateur Athletic Union
147-pound crown December 11th in
a meet held in the Spartan Gym in
San Jose.
Sixty-five men from the bay area
competed in the meet which took
place during the Farm's dead week.
Likins was the only entrant from
Stanford in the pre-season meet, and
during the regular wrestling season
he will compete with the Indian
team.
Stanford wrestler Pete Likins won
the Pacific Amateur Athletic Union
147-pound crown December 11th in
a meet held in the Spartan Gym in
San Jose.
Sixty-five men from the bay area
competed in the meet which took
place during the Farm's dead week.
Likins was the only entrant from
Stanford in the pre-season meet, and
during the regular wrestling season
he will compete with the Indian
team.
Stanford wrestler Pete Likins won
the Pacific Amateur Athletic Union
147-pound crown December 11th in
a meet held in the Spartan Gym in
San Jose.
Sixty-five men from the bay area
competed in the meet which took
place during the Farm's dead week.
Likins was the only entrant from
Stanford in the pre-season meet, and
during the regular wrestling season
he will compete with the Indian
team.
Stanford wrestler Pete Likins won
the Pacific Amateur Athletic Union
147-pound crown December 11th in
a meet held in the Spartan Gym in
San Jose.
Sixty-five men from the bay area
competed in the meet which took
place during the Farm's dead week.
Likins was the only entrant from
Stanford in the pre-season meet, and
during the regular wrestling season
he will compete with the Indian
team.
Stanford wrestler Pete Likins won
the Pacific Amateur Athletic Union
147-pound crown December 11th in
a meet held in the Spartan Gym in
San Jose.
Sixty-five men from the bay area
competed in the meet which took
place during the Farm's dead week.
Likins was the only entrant from
Stanford in the pre-season meet, and
during the regular wrestling season
he will compete with the Indian
team.
Stanford wrestler Pete Likins won
the Pacific Amateur Athletic Union
147-pound crown December 11th in
a meet held in the Spartan Gym in
San Jose.
Sixty-five men from the bay area
competed in the meet which took
place during the Farm's dead week.
Likins was the only entrant from
Stanford in the pre-season meet, and
during the regular wrestling season
he will compete with the Indian
team.
Stanford wrestler Pete Likins won
the Pacific Amateur Athletic Union
147-pound crown December 11th in
a meet held in the Spartan Gym in
San Jose.
Sixty-five men from the bay area
competed in the meet which took
place during the Farm's dead week.
Likins was the only entrant from
Stanford in the pre-season meet, and
during the regular wrestling season
he will compete with the Indian
team.
Stanford wrestler Pete Likins won
the Pacific Amateur Athletic Union
147-pound crown December 11th in
a meet held in the Spartan Gym in
San Jose.
Sixty-five men from the bay area
competed in the meet which took
place during the Farm's dead week.
Likins was the only entrant from
Stanford in the pre-season meet, and
during the regular wrestling season
he will compete with the Indian
team.
Stanford wrestler Pete Likins won
the Pacific Amateur Athletic Union
147-pound crown December 11th in
a meet held in the Spartan Gym in
San Jose.
Sixty-five men from the bay area
competed in the meet which took
place during the Farm's dead week.
Likins was the only entrant from
Stanford in the pre-season meet, and
during the regular wrestling season
he will compete with the Indian
team.
Stanford wrestler Pete Likins won
the Pacific Amateur Athletic Union
147-pound crown December 11th in
a meet held in the Spartan Gym in
San Jose.
Sixty-five men from the bay area
competed in the meet which took
place during the Farm's dead week.
Likins was the only entrant from
Stanford in the pre-season meet, and
during the regular wrestling season
he will compete with the Indian
team.
Stanford wrestler Pete Likins won
the Pacific Amateur Athletic Union
147-pound crown December 11th in
a meet held in the Spartan Gym in
San Jose.
Sixty-five men from the bay area
competed in the meet which took
place during the Farm's dead week.
Likins was the only entrant from
Stanford in the pre-season meet, and
during the regular wrestling season
he will compete with the Indian
team.
Stanford wrestler Pete Likins won
the Pacific Amateur Athletic Union
147-pound crown December 11th in
a meet held in the Spartan Gym in
San Jose.
Sixty-five men from the bay area
competed in the meet which took
place during the Farm's dead week.
Likins was the only entrant from
Stanford in the pre-season meet, and
during the regular wrestling season
he will compete with the Indian
team.
