# CARD POLOIST TOPS
## 
### 
Stanford poloist Allen Scherer is
the number one collegiate polo
player in the United States, accord
ing to a National Indoor Polo Asso
ciation ranking last week. He is ;
rated at three
Stanford poloist Allen Scherer is
the number one collegiate polo
player in the United States, accord
ing to a National Indoor Polo Asso
ciation ranking last week. He is ;
rated at three
Stanford poloist Allen Scherer is
the number one collegiate polo
player in the United States, accord
ing to a National Indoor Polo Asso
ciation ranking last week. He is ;
rated at three
Stanford poloist Allen Scherer is
the number one collegiate polo
player in the United States, accord
ing to a National Indoor Polo Asso
ciation ranking last week. He is ;
rated at three
Stanford poloist Allen Scherer is
the number one collegiate polo
player in the United States, accord
ing to a National Indoor Polo Asso
ciation ranking last week. He is ;
rated at three
Stanford poloist Allen Scherer is
the number one collegiate polo
player in the United States, accord
ing to a National Indoor Polo Asso
ciation ranking last week. He is ;
rated at three
Stanford poloist Allen Scherer is
the number one collegiate polo
player in the United States, accord
ing to a National Indoor Polo Asso
ciation ranking last week. He is ;
rated at three
Stanford poloist Allen Scherer is
the number one collegiate polo
player in the United States, accord
ing to a National Indoor Polo Asso
ciation ranking last week. He is ;
rated at three
Stanford poloist Allen Scherer is
the number one collegiate polo
player in the United States, accord
ing to a National Indoor Polo Asso
ciation ranking last week. He is ;
rated at three
Stanford poloist Allen Scherer is
the number one collegiate polo
player in the United States, accord
ing to a National Indoor Polo Asso
ciation ranking last week. He is ;
rated at three
Stanford poloist Allen Scherer is
the number one collegiate polo
player in the United States, accord
ing to a National Indoor Polo Asso
ciation ranking last week. He is ;
rated at three
Stanford poloist Allen Scherer is
the number one collegiate polo
player in the United States, accord
ing to a National Indoor Polo Asso
ciation ranking last week. He is ;
rated at three
Stanford poloist Allen Scherer is
the number one collegiate polo
player in the United States, accord
ing to a National Indoor Polo Asso
ciation ranking last week. He is ;
rated at three
Stanford poloist Allen Scherer is
the number one collegiate polo
player in the United States, accord
ing to a National Indoor Polo Asso
ciation ranking last week. He is ;
rated at three
