# Untitled Article
## 
### 

SHARP SOUTHPAW -Left-handed California guard Fragile Hess
could give the Cards trouble tonight and tomorrow with his
smooth ball handling. The Bear southpaw is beginning his sec
ond season in the Cal starting line-up.

SHARP SOUTHPAW -Left-handed California guard Fragile Hess
could give the Cards trouble tonight and tomorrow with his
smooth ball handling. The Bear southpaw is beginning his sec
ond season in the Cal starting line-up.

SHARP SOUTHPAW -Left-handed California guard Fragile Hess
could give the Cards trouble tonight and tomorrow with his
smooth ball handling. The Bear southpaw is beginning his sec
ond season in the Cal starting line-up.

SHARP SOUTHPAW -Left-handed California guard Fragile Hess
could give the Cards trouble tonight and tomorrow with his
smooth ball handling. The Bear southpaw is beginning his sec
ond season in the Cal starting line-up.

SHARP SOUTHPAW -Left-handed California guard Fragile Hess
could give the Cards trouble tonight and tomorrow with his
smooth ball handling. The Bear southpaw is beginning his sec
ond season in the Cal starting line-up.

SHARP SOUTHPAW -Left-handed California guard Fragile Hess
could give the Cards trouble tonight and tomorrow with his
smooth ball handling. The Bear southpaw is beginning his sec
ond season in the Cal starting line-up.

SHARP SOUTHPAW -Left-handed California guard Fragile Hess
could give the Cards trouble tonight and tomorrow with his
smooth ball handling. The Bear southpaw is beginning his sec
ond season in the Cal starting line-up.

SHARP SOUTHPAW -Left-handed California guard Fragile Hess
could give the Cards trouble tonight and tomorrow with his
smooth ball handling. The Bear southpaw is beginning his sec
ond season in the Cal starting line-up.

SHARP SOUTHPAW -Left-handed California guard Fragile Hess
could give the Cards trouble tonight and tomorrow with his
smooth ball handling. The Bear southpaw is beginning his sec
ond season in the Cal starting line-up.

SHARP SOUTHPAW -Left-handed California guard Fragile Hess
could give the Cards trouble tonight and tomorrow with his
smooth ball handling. The Bear southpaw is beginning his sec
ond season in the Cal starting line-up.

SHARP SOUTHPAW -Left-handed California guard Fragile Hess
could give the Cards trouble tonight and tomorrow with his
smooth ball handling. The Bear southpaw is beginning his sec
ond season in the Cal starting line-up.

SHARP SOUTHPAW -Left-handed California guard Fragile Hess
could give the Cards trouble tonight and tomorrow with his
smooth ball handling. The Bear southpaw is beginning his sec
ond season in the Cal starting line-up.

SHARP SOUTHPAW -Left-handed California guard Fragile Hess
could give the Cards trouble tonight and tomorrow with his
smooth ball handling. The Bear southpaw is beginning his sec
ond season in the Cal starting line-up.

SHARP SOUTHPAW -Left-handed California guard Fragile Hess
could give the Cards trouble tonight and tomorrow with his
smooth ball handling. The Bear southpaw is beginning his sec
ond season in the Cal starting line-up.

SHARP SOUTHPAW -Left-handed California guard Fragile Hess
could give the Cards trouble tonight and tomorrow with his
smooth ball handling. The Bear southpaw is beginning his sec
ond season in the Cal starting line-up.
