# COSMO CLUB PICTURES
## 
### 
The Cosmo Club picture will be
taken today at 4:45 p.m. at Bowman
Alumni House.
The Cosmo Club picture will be
taken today at 4:45 p.m. at Bowman
Alumni House.
The Cosmo Club picture will be
taken today at 4:45 p.m. at Bowman
Alumni House.
The Cosmo Club picture will be
taken today at 4:45 p.m. at Bowman
Alumni House.
The Cosmo Club picture will be
taken today at 4:45 p.m. at Bowman
Alumni House.
The Cosmo Club picture will be
taken today at 4:45 p.m. at Bowman
Alumni House.
The Cosmo Club picture will be
taken today at 4:45 p.m. at Bowman
Alumni House.
The Cosmo Club picture will be
taken today at 4:45 p.m. at Bowman
Alumni House.
The Cosmo Club picture will be
taken today at 4:45 p.m. at Bowman
Alumni House.
The Cosmo Club picture will be
taken today at 4:45 p.m. at Bowman
Alumni House.
The Cosmo Club picture will be
taken today at 4:45 p.m. at Bowman
Alumni House.
The Cosmo Club picture will be
taken today at 4:45 p.m. at Bowman
Alumni House.
The Cosmo Club picture will be
taken today at 4:45 p.m. at Bowman
Alumni House.
The Cosmo Club picture will be
taken today at 4:45 p.m. at Bowman
Alumni House.
The Cosmo Club picture will be
taken today at 4:45 p.m. at Bowman
Alumni House.
