# CALIFORNIA DEBATERS DESIRE CHANCE IN DATE
## WANT NOVEMBER 22 FOR TIME OF INTERCOLLEGIATE Think That Big Game Will Detract Too Much Attention From Forensic Contest. 
### 
Action has been taken by the Cali
fornia Debating Council favoring the
postponing of the Intercollegiate de
bate until some time after the Big
Game. A letter to this effect was re
ceived yesterday from M. .1. Bleuel,
chairman of the Council, by C. C.
Close, '14, chairman of the committee
which would handle the question for
Stanford. It was suggested that the
date he made November 212 instead of
November 7. No action has yet been
taken on the matter, although it will
be taken up and decided within a few
days. The other members of the
Stanford Intercollegiate committee
are F. L. Foster, '13, and H. B. Wol
cott, '14.
Although it has been the custom for
several years to hold the debate on
the night before the Big Game, the
Californians think that the import
ance of the debate is so overshadowed
by the athletic contest that it would
be well to postpone the former until
such time as it can hold the entire
attention of the two student bodies.
The idividual members of the Stan
ford team have expressed themselves
as opposed to the change. The debate
is already sufficiently prepared to be
easily put into shape by the seventh,
and any more time would tend to cre
ate lack of interest before the contes 112
was over.
Since the California debaters have
declared for the change, whatever
action is taken by the Stanford In
tercollegiate committee will be final.
Action has been taken by the Cali
fornia Debating Council favoring the
postponing of the Intercollegiate de
bate until some time after the Big
Game. A letter to this effect was re
ceived yesterday from M. .1. Bleuel,
chairman of the Council, by C. C.
Close, '14, chairman of the committee
which would handle the question for
Stanford. It was suggested that the
date he made November 212 instead of
November 7. No action has yet been
taken on the matter, although it will
be taken up and decided within a few
days. The other members of the
Stanford Intercollegiate committee
are F. L. Foster, '13, and H. B. Wol
cott, '14.
Although it has been the custom for
several years to hold the debate on
the night before the Big Game, the
Californians think that the import
ance of the debate is so overshadowed
by the athletic contest that it would
be well to postpone the former until
such time as it can hold the entire
attention of the two student bodies.
The idividual members of the Stan
ford team have expressed themselves
as opposed to the change. The debate
is already sufficiently prepared to be
easily put into shape by the seventh,
and any more time would tend to cre
ate lack of interest before the contes 112
was over.
Since the California debaters have
declared for the change, whatever
action is taken by the Stanford In
tercollegiate committee will be final.
Action has been taken by the Cali
fornia Debating Council favoring the
postponing of the Intercollegiate de
bate until some time after the Big
Game. A letter to this effect was re
ceived yesterday from M. .1. Bleuel,
chairman of the Council, by C. C.
Close, '14, chairman of the committee
which would handle the question for
Stanford. It was suggested that the
date he made November 212 instead of
November 7. No action has yet been
taken on the matter, although it will
be taken up and decided within a few
days. The other members of the
Stanford Intercollegiate committee
are F. L. Foster, '13, and H. B. Wol
cott, '14.
Although it has been the custom for
several years to hold the debate on
the night before the Big Game, the
Californians think that the import
ance of the debate is so overshadowed
by the athletic contest that it would
be well to postpone the former until
such time as it can hold the entire
attention of the two student bodies.
The idividual members of the Stan
ford team have expressed themselves
as opposed to the change. The debate
is already sufficiently prepared to be
easily put into shape by the seventh,
and any more time would tend to cre
ate lack of interest before the contes 112
was over.
Since the California debaters have
declared for the change, whatever
action is taken by the Stanford In
tercollegiate committee will be final.
Action has been taken by the Cali
fornia Debating Council favoring the
postponing of the Intercollegiate de
bate until some time after the Big
Game. A letter to this effect was re
ceived yesterday from M. .1. Bleuel,
chairman of the Council, by C. C.
Close, '14, chairman of the committee
which would handle the question for
Stanford. It was suggested that the
date he made November 212 instead of
November 7. No action has yet been
taken on the matter, although it will
be taken up and decided within a few
days. The other members of the
Stanford Intercollegiate committee
are F. L. Foster, '13, and H. B. Wol
cott, '14.
Although it has been the custom for
several years to hold the debate on
the night before the Big Game, the
Californians think that the import
ance of the debate is so overshadowed
by the athletic contest that it would
be well to postpone the former until
such time as it can hold the entire
attention of the two student bodies.
The idividual members of the Stan
ford team have expressed themselves
as opposed to the change. The debate
is already sufficiently prepared to be
easily put into shape by the seventh,
and any more time would tend to cre
ate lack of interest before the contes 112
was over.
Since the California debaters have
declared for the change, whatever
action is taken by the Stanford In
tercollegiate committee will be final.
Action has been taken by the Cali
fornia Debating Council favoring the
postponing of the Intercollegiate de
bate until some time after the Big
Game. A letter to this effect was re
ceived yesterday from M. .1. Bleuel,
chairman of the Council, by C. C.
Close, '14, chairman of the committee
which would handle the question for
Stanford. It was suggested that the
date he made November 212 instead of
November 7. No action has yet been
taken on the matter, although it will
be taken up and decided within a few
days. The other members of the
Stanford Intercollegiate committee
are F. L. Foster, '13, and H. B. Wol
cott, '14.
Although it has been the custom for
several years to hold the debate on
the night before the Big Game, the
Californians think that the import
ance of the debate is so overshadowed
by the athletic contest that it would
be well to postpone the former until
such time as it can hold the entire
attention of the two student bodies.
The idividual members of the Stan
ford team have expressed themselves
as opposed to the change. The debate
is already sufficiently prepared to be
easily put into shape by the seventh,
and any more time would tend to cre
ate lack of interest before the contes 112
was over.
Since the California debaters have
declared for the change, whatever
action is taken by the Stanford In
tercollegiate committee will be final.
Action has been taken by the Cali
fornia Debating Council favoring the
postponing of the Intercollegiate de
bate until some time after the Big
Game. A letter to this effect was re
ceived yesterday from M. .1. Bleuel,
chairman of the Council, by C. C.
Close, '14, chairman of the committee
which would handle the question for
Stanford. It was suggested that the
date he made November 212 instead of
November 7. No action has yet been
taken on the matter, although it will
be taken up and decided within a few
days. The other members of the
Stanford Intercollegiate committee
are F. L. Foster, '13, and H. B. Wol
cott, '14.
Although it has been the custom for
several years to hold the debate on
the night before the Big Game, the
Californians think that the import
ance of the debate is so overshadowed
by the athletic contest that it would
be well to postpone the former until
such time as it can hold the entire
attention of the two student bodies.
The idividual members of the Stan
ford team have expressed themselves
as opposed to the change. The debate
is already sufficiently prepared to be
easily put into shape by the seventh,
and any more time would tend to cre
ate lack of interest before the contes 112
was over.
Since the California debaters have
declared for the change, whatever
action is taken by the Stanford In
tercollegiate committee will be final.
Action has been taken by the Cali
fornia Debating Council favoring the
postponing of the Intercollegiate de
bate until some time after the Big
Game. A letter to this effect was re
ceived yesterday from M. .1. Bleuel,
chairman of the Council, by C. C.
Close, '14, chairman of the committee
which would handle the question for
Stanford. It was suggested that the
date he made November 212 instead of
November 7. No action has yet been
taken on the matter, although it will
be taken up and decided within a few
days. The other members of the
Stanford Intercollegiate committee
are F. L. Foster, '13, and H. B. Wol
cott, '14.
Although it has been the custom for
several years to hold the debate on
the night before the Big Game, the
Californians think that the import
ance of the debate is so overshadowed
by the athletic contest that it would
be well to postpone the former until
such time as it can hold the entire
attention of the two student bodies.
The idividual members of the Stan
ford team have expressed themselves
as opposed to the change. The debate
is already sufficiently prepared to be
easily put into shape by the seventh,
and any more time would tend to cre
ate lack of interest before the contes 112
was over.
Since the California debaters have
declared for the change, whatever
action is taken by the Stanford In
tercollegiate committee will be final.
Action has been taken by the Cali
fornia Debating Council favoring the
postponing of the Intercollegiate de
bate until some time after the Big
Game. A letter to this effect was re
ceived yesterday from M. .1. Bleuel,
chairman of the Council, by C. C.
Close, '14, chairman of the committee
which would handle the question for
Stanford. It was suggested that the
date he made November 212 instead of
November 7. No action has yet been
taken on the matter, although it will
be taken up and decided within a few
days. The other members of the
Stanford Intercollegiate committee
are F. L. Foster, '13, and H. B. Wol
cott, '14.
Although it has been the custom for
several years to hold the debate on
the night before the Big Game, the
Californians think that the import
ance of the debate is so overshadowed
by the athletic contest that it would
be well to postpone the former until
such time as it can hold the entire
attention of the two student bodies.
The idividual members of the Stan
ford team have expressed themselves
as opposed to the change. The debate
is already sufficiently prepared to be
easily put into shape by the seventh,
and any more time would tend to cre
ate lack of interest before the contes 112
was over.
Since the California debaters have
declared for the change, whatever
action is taken by the Stanford In
tercollegiate committee will be final.
Action has been taken by the Cali
fornia Debating Council favoring the
postponing of the Intercollegiate de
bate until some time after the Big
Game. A letter to this effect was re
ceived yesterday from M. .1. Bleuel,
chairman of the Council, by C. C.
Close, '14, chairman of the committee
which would handle the question for
Stanford. It was suggested that the
date he made November 212 instead of
November 7. No action has yet been
taken on the matter, although it will
be taken up and decided within a few
days. The other members of the
Stanford Intercollegiate committee
are F. L. Foster, '13, and H. B. Wol
cott, '14.
Although it has been the custom for
several years to hold the debate on
the night before the Big Game, the
Californians think that the import
ance of the debate is so overshadowed
by the athletic contest that it would
be well to postpone the former until
such time as it can hold the entire
attention of the two student bodies.
The idividual members of the Stan
ford team have expressed themselves
as opposed to the change. The debate
is already sufficiently prepared to be
easily put into shape by the seventh,
and any more time would tend to cre
ate lack of interest before the contes 112
was over.
Since the California debaters have
declared for the change, whatever
action is taken by the Stanford In
tercollegiate committee will be final.
Action has been taken by the Cali
fornia Debating Council favoring the
postponing of the Intercollegiate de
bate until some time after the Big
Game. A letter to this effect was re
ceived yesterday from M. .1. Bleuel,
chairman of the Council, by C. C.
Close, '14, chairman of the committee
which would handle the question for
Stanford. It was suggested that the
date he made November 212 instead of
November 7. No action has yet been
taken on the matter, although it will
be taken up and decided within a few
days. The other members of the
Stanford Intercollegiate committee
are F. L. Foster, '13, and H. B. Wol
cott, '14.
Although it has been the custom for
several years to hold the debate on
the night before the Big Game, the
Californians think that the import
ance of the debate is so overshadowed
by the athletic contest that it would
be well to postpone the former until
such time as it can hold the entire
attention of the two student bodies.
The idividual members of the Stan
ford team have expressed themselves
as opposed to the change. The debate
is already sufficiently prepared to be
easily put into shape by the seventh,
and any more time would tend to cre
ate lack of interest before the contes 112
was over.
Since the California debaters have
declared for the change, whatever
action is taken by the Stanford In
tercollegiate committee will be final.
Action has been taken by the Cali
fornia Debating Council favoring the
postponing of the Intercollegiate de
bate until some time after the Big
Game. A letter to this effect was re
ceived yesterday from M. .1. Bleuel,
chairman of the Council, by C. C.
Close, '14, chairman of the committee
which would handle the question for
Stanford. It was suggested that the
date he made November 212 instead of
November 7. No action has yet been
taken on the matter, although it will
be taken up and decided within a few
days. The other members of the
Stanford Intercollegiate committee
are F. L. Foster, '13, and H. B. Wol
cott, '14.
Although it has been the custom for
several years to hold the debate on
the night before the Big Game, the
Californians think that the import
ance of the debate is so overshadowed
by the athletic contest that it would
be well to postpone the former until
such time as it can hold the entire
attention of the two student bodies.
The idividual members of the Stan
ford team have expressed themselves
as opposed to the change. The debate
is already sufficiently prepared to be
easily put into shape by the seventh,
and any more time would tend to cre
ate lack of interest before the contes 112
was over.
Since the California debaters have
declared for the change, whatever
action is taken by the Stanford In
tercollegiate committee will be final.
Action has been taken by the Cali
fornia Debating Council favoring the
postponing of the Intercollegiate de
bate until some time after the Big
Game. A letter to this effect was re
ceived yesterday from M. .1. Bleuel,
chairman of the Council, by C. C.
Close, '14, chairman of the committee
which would handle the question for
Stanford. It was suggested that the
date he made November 212 instead of
November 7. No action has yet been
taken on the matter, although it will
be taken up and decided within a few
days. The other members of the
Stanford Intercollegiate committee
are F. L. Foster, '13, and H. B. Wol
cott, '14.
Although it has been the custom for
several years to hold the debate on
the night before the Big Game, the
Californians think that the import
ance of the debate is so overshadowed
by the athletic contest that it would
be well to postpone the former until
such time as it can hold the entire
attention of the two student bodies.
The idividual members of the Stan
ford team have expressed themselves
as opposed to the change. The debate
is already sufficiently prepared to be
easily put into shape by the seventh,
and any more time would tend to cre
ate lack of interest before the contes 112
was over.
Since the California debaters have
declared for the change, whatever
action is taken by the Stanford In
tercollegiate committee will be final.
Action has been taken by the Cali
fornia Debating Council favoring the
postponing of the Intercollegiate de
bate until some time after the Big
Game. A letter to this effect was re
ceived yesterday from M. .1. Bleuel,
chairman of the Council, by C. C.
Close, '14, chairman of the committee
which would handle the question for
Stanford. It was suggested that the
date he made November 212 instead of
November 7. No action has yet been
taken on the matter, although it will
be taken up and decided within a few
days. The other members of the
Stanford Intercollegiate committee
are F. L. Foster, '13, and H. B. Wol
cott, '14.
Although it has been the custom for
several years to hold the debate on
the night before the Big Game, the
Californians think that the import
ance of the debate is so overshadowed
by the athletic contest that it would
be well to postpone the former until
such time as it can hold the entire
attention of the two student bodies.
The idividual members of the Stan
ford team have expressed themselves
as opposed to the change. The debate
is already sufficiently prepared to be
easily put into shape by the seventh,
and any more time would tend to cre
ate lack of interest before the contes 112
was over.
Since the California debaters have
declared for the change, whatever
action is taken by the Stanford In
tercollegiate committee will be final.
Action has been taken by the Cali
fornia Debating Council favoring the
postponing of the Intercollegiate de
bate until some time after the Big
Game. A letter to this effect was re
ceived yesterday from M. .1. Bleuel,
chairman of the Council, by C. C.
Close, '14, chairman of the committee
which would handle the question for
Stanford. It was suggested that the
date he made November 212 instead of
November 7. No action has yet been
taken on the matter, although it will
be taken up and decided within a few
days. The other members of the
Stanford Intercollegiate committee
are F. L. Foster, '13, and H. B. Wol
cott, '14.
Although it has been the custom for
several years to hold the debate on
the night before the Big Game, the
Californians think that the import
ance of the debate is so overshadowed
by the athletic contest that it would
be well to postpone the former until
such time as it can hold the entire
attention of the two student bodies.
The idividual members of the Stan
ford team have expressed themselves
as opposed to the change. The debate
is already sufficiently prepared to be
easily put into shape by the seventh,
and any more time would tend to cre
ate lack of interest before the contes 112
was over.
Since the California debaters have
declared for the change, whatever
action is taken by the Stanford In
tercollegiate committee will be final.
