# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Captain Ketcham, of the Yale foot
ball team, has forbidden the writing
of newspaper articles by his team
mates.
Captain Ketcham, of the Yale foot
ball team, has forbidden the writing
of newspaper articles by his team
mates.
Captain Ketcham, of the Yale foot
ball team, has forbidden the writing
of newspaper articles by his team
mates.
Captain Ketcham, of the Yale foot
ball team, has forbidden the writing
of newspaper articles by his team
mates.
Captain Ketcham, of the Yale foot
ball team, has forbidden the writing
of newspaper articles by his team
mates.
Captain Ketcham, of the Yale foot
ball team, has forbidden the writing
of newspaper articles by his team
mates.
Captain Ketcham, of the Yale foot
ball team, has forbidden the writing
of newspaper articles by his team
mates.
Captain Ketcham, of the Yale foot
ball team, has forbidden the writing
of newspaper articles by his team
mates.
Captain Ketcham, of the Yale foot
ball team, has forbidden the writing
of newspaper articles by his team
mates.
Captain Ketcham, of the Yale foot
ball team, has forbidden the writing
of newspaper articles by his team
mates.
Captain Ketcham, of the Yale foot
ball team, has forbidden the writing
of newspaper articles by his team
mates.
Captain Ketcham, of the Yale foot
ball team, has forbidden the writing
of newspaper articles by his team
mates.
Captain Ketcham, of the Yale foot
ball team, has forbidden the writing
of newspaper articles by his team
mates.
Captain Ketcham, of the Yale foot
ball team, has forbidden the writing
of newspaper articles by his team
mates.
