# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Jokers at Oregon shifted the name
plates ot the different fraternity and
sorority houses.
Jokers at Oregon shifted the name
plates ot the different fraternity and
sorority houses.
Jokers at Oregon shifted the name
plates ot the different fraternity and
sorority houses.
Jokers at Oregon shifted the name
plates ot the different fraternity and
sorority houses.
Jokers at Oregon shifted the name
plates ot the different fraternity and
sorority houses.
Jokers at Oregon shifted the name
plates ot the different fraternity and
sorority houses.
Jokers at Oregon shifted the name
plates ot the different fraternity and
sorority houses.
Jokers at Oregon shifted the name
plates ot the different fraternity and
sorority houses.
Jokers at Oregon shifted the name
plates ot the different fraternity and
sorority houses.
Jokers at Oregon shifted the name
plates ot the different fraternity and
sorority houses.
Jokers at Oregon shifted the name
plates ot the different fraternity and
sorority houses.
Jokers at Oregon shifted the name
plates ot the different fraternity and
sorority houses.
Jokers at Oregon shifted the name
plates ot the different fraternity and
sorority houses.
Jokers at Oregon shifted the name
plates ot the different fraternity and
sorority houses.
