# Will Captain Olympics.
## 
### 
George Horine, ex-'l3, holder of the
world's record for the running high
jump, has been elected to captain the
track team of the Olympic club for
this season. He replaces Maundrell,
'10.
George Horine, ex-'l3, holder of the
world's record for the running high
jump, has been elected to captain the
track team of the Olympic club for
this season. He replaces Maundrell,
'10.
George Horine, ex-'l3, holder of the
world's record for the running high
jump, has been elected to captain the
track team of the Olympic club for
this season. He replaces Maundrell,
'10.
George Horine, ex-'l3, holder of the
world's record for the running high
jump, has been elected to captain the
track team of the Olympic club for
this season. He replaces Maundrell,
'10.
George Horine, ex-'l3, holder of the
world's record for the running high
jump, has been elected to captain the
track team of the Olympic club for
this season. He replaces Maundrell,
'10.
George Horine, ex-'l3, holder of the
world's record for the running high
jump, has been elected to captain the
track team of the Olympic club for
this season. He replaces Maundrell,
'10.
George Horine, ex-'l3, holder of the
world's record for the running high
jump, has been elected to captain the
track team of the Olympic club for
this season. He replaces Maundrell,
'10.
George Horine, ex-'l3, holder of the
world's record for the running high
jump, has been elected to captain the
track team of the Olympic club for
this season. He replaces Maundrell,
'10.
George Horine, ex-'l3, holder of the
world's record for the running high
jump, has been elected to captain the
track team of the Olympic club for
this season. He replaces Maundrell,
'10.
George Horine, ex-'l3, holder of the
world's record for the running high
jump, has been elected to captain the
track team of the Olympic club for
this season. He replaces Maundrell,
'10.
George Horine, ex-'l3, holder of the
world's record for the running high
jump, has been elected to captain the
track team of the Olympic club for
this season. He replaces Maundrell,
'10.
George Horine, ex-'l3, holder of the
world's record for the running high
jump, has been elected to captain the
track team of the Olympic club for
this season. He replaces Maundrell,
'10.
George Horine, ex-'l3, holder of the
world's record for the running high
jump, has been elected to captain the
track team of the Olympic club for
this season. He replaces Maundrell,
'10.
George Horine, ex-'l3, holder of the
world's record for the running high
jump, has been elected to captain the
track team of the Olympic club for
this season. He replaces Maundrell,
'10.
