# Peanut League.
## 
### 
In the only game played in the
Peanut league yesterday, Captain
Gates' team won from Hunley's aggre
gation 9 to 0. Matte worked for the
winners and Hayes for the losers.
In the only game played in the
Peanut league yesterday, Captain
Gates' team won from Hunley's aggre
gation 9 to 0. Matte worked for the
winners and Hayes for the losers.
In the only game played in the
Peanut league yesterday, Captain
Gates' team won from Hunley's aggre
gation 9 to 0. Matte worked for the
winners and Hayes for the losers.
In the only game played in the
Peanut league yesterday, Captain
Gates' team won from Hunley's aggre
gation 9 to 0. Matte worked for the
winners and Hayes for the losers.
In the only game played in the
Peanut league yesterday, Captain
Gates' team won from Hunley's aggre
gation 9 to 0. Matte worked for the
winners and Hayes for the losers.
In the only game played in the
Peanut league yesterday, Captain
Gates' team won from Hunley's aggre
gation 9 to 0. Matte worked for the
winners and Hayes for the losers.
In the only game played in the
Peanut league yesterday, Captain
Gates' team won from Hunley's aggre
gation 9 to 0. Matte worked for the
winners and Hayes for the losers.
In the only game played in the
Peanut league yesterday, Captain
Gates' team won from Hunley's aggre
gation 9 to 0. Matte worked for the
winners and Hayes for the losers.
In the only game played in the
Peanut league yesterday, Captain
Gates' team won from Hunley's aggre
gation 9 to 0. Matte worked for the
winners and Hayes for the losers.
In the only game played in the
Peanut league yesterday, Captain
Gates' team won from Hunley's aggre
gation 9 to 0. Matte worked for the
winners and Hayes for the losers.
In the only game played in the
Peanut league yesterday, Captain
Gates' team won from Hunley's aggre
gation 9 to 0. Matte worked for the
winners and Hayes for the losers.
In the only game played in the
Peanut league yesterday, Captain
Gates' team won from Hunley's aggre
gation 9 to 0. Matte worked for the
winners and Hayes for the losers.
In the only game played in the
Peanut league yesterday, Captain
Gates' team won from Hunley's aggre
gation 9 to 0. Matte worked for the
winners and Hayes for the losers.
In the only game played in the
Peanut league yesterday, Captain
Gates' team won from Hunley's aggre
gation 9 to 0. Matte worked for the
winners and Hayes for the losers.
