# DeHaas Will Talk to â€™17 Debaters.
## 
### 
Instructor J. A. DeHaas, of the Eco
nomics department, is to address the
Freshman Debating society tonight.
DeHaas will explain in his talk some
of the newly discovered causes of the
high cost of living. The meeting is
to be held in room 228, at 7:30.
Instructor J. A. DeHaas, of the Eco
nomics department, is to address the
Freshman Debating society tonight.
DeHaas will explain in his talk some
of the newly discovered causes of the
high cost of living. The meeting is
to be held in room 228, at 7:30.
Instructor J. A. DeHaas, of the Eco
nomics department, is to address the
Freshman Debating society tonight.
DeHaas will explain in his talk some
of the newly discovered causes of the
high cost of living. The meeting is
to be held in room 228, at 7:30.
Instructor J. A. DeHaas, of the Eco
nomics department, is to address the
Freshman Debating society tonight.
DeHaas will explain in his talk some
of the newly discovered causes of the
high cost of living. The meeting is
to be held in room 228, at 7:30.
Instructor J. A. DeHaas, of the Eco
nomics department, is to address the
Freshman Debating society tonight.
DeHaas will explain in his talk some
of the newly discovered causes of the
high cost of living. The meeting is
to be held in room 228, at 7:30.
Instructor J. A. DeHaas, of the Eco
nomics department, is to address the
Freshman Debating society tonight.
DeHaas will explain in his talk some
of the newly discovered causes of the
high cost of living. The meeting is
to be held in room 228, at 7:30.
Instructor J. A. DeHaas, of the Eco
nomics department, is to address the
Freshman Debating society tonight.
DeHaas will explain in his talk some
of the newly discovered causes of the
high cost of living. The meeting is
to be held in room 228, at 7:30.
Instructor J. A. DeHaas, of the Eco
nomics department, is to address the
Freshman Debating society tonight.
DeHaas will explain in his talk some
of the newly discovered causes of the
high cost of living. The meeting is
to be held in room 228, at 7:30.
Instructor J. A. DeHaas, of the Eco
nomics department, is to address the
Freshman Debating society tonight.
DeHaas will explain in his talk some
of the newly discovered causes of the
high cost of living. The meeting is
to be held in room 228, at 7:30.
Instructor J. A. DeHaas, of the Eco
nomics department, is to address the
Freshman Debating society tonight.
DeHaas will explain in his talk some
of the newly discovered causes of the
high cost of living. The meeting is
to be held in room 228, at 7:30.
Instructor J. A. DeHaas, of the Eco
nomics department, is to address the
Freshman Debating society tonight.
DeHaas will explain in his talk some
of the newly discovered causes of the
high cost of living. The meeting is
to be held in room 228, at 7:30.
Instructor J. A. DeHaas, of the Eco
nomics department, is to address the
Freshman Debating society tonight.
DeHaas will explain in his talk some
of the newly discovered causes of the
high cost of living. The meeting is
to be held in room 228, at 7:30.
Instructor J. A. DeHaas, of the Eco
nomics department, is to address the
Freshman Debating society tonight.
DeHaas will explain in his talk some
of the newly discovered causes of the
high cost of living. The meeting is
to be held in room 228, at 7:30.
Instructor J. A. DeHaas, of the Eco
nomics department, is to address the
Freshman Debating society tonight.
DeHaas will explain in his talk some
of the newly discovered causes of the
high cost of living. The meeting is
to be held in room 228, at 7:30.
