# Adv. 12 Page 5
## 
### 
Quote of the Day
"Who knows themselves
better than the students?"
—David Hyatt, who is coor
dinating the Hammer and
Coffin party's "YOU!" slate,
describing the slate's strate
gy of shunning active cam
paigning because students
would be electing them
selves. The slate pledges to
replace the members of the
COP on a daily basis with
randomly selected students.
Quote of the Day
"Who knows themselves
better than the students?"
—David Hyatt, who is coor
dinating the Hammer and
Coffin party's "YOU!" slate,
describing the slate's strate
gy of shunning active cam
paigning because students
would be electing them
selves. The slate pledges to
replace the members of the
COP on a daily basis with
randomly selected students.
Quote of the Day
"Who knows themselves
better than the students?"
—David Hyatt, who is coor
dinating the Hammer and
Coffin party's "YOU!" slate,
describing the slate's strate
gy of shunning active cam
paigning because students
would be electing them
selves. The slate pledges to
replace the members of the
COP on a daily basis with
randomly selected students.
Quote of the Day
"Who knows themselves
better than the students?"
—David Hyatt, who is coor
dinating the Hammer and
Coffin party's "YOU!" slate,
describing the slate's strate
gy of shunning active cam
paigning because students
would be electing them
selves. The slate pledges to
replace the members of the
COP on a daily basis with
randomly selected students.
Quote of the Day
"Who knows themselves
better than the students?"
—David Hyatt, who is coor
dinating the Hammer and
Coffin party's "YOU!" slate,
describing the slate's strate
gy of shunning active cam
paigning because students
would be electing them
selves. The slate pledges to
replace the members of the
COP on a daily basis with
randomly selected students.
Quote of the Day
"Who knows themselves
better than the students?"
—David Hyatt, who is coor
dinating the Hammer and
Coffin party's "YOU!" slate,
describing the slate's strate
gy of shunning active cam
paigning because students
would be electing them
selves. The slate pledges to
replace the members of the
COP on a daily basis with
randomly selected students.
Quote of the Day
"Who knows themselves
better than the students?"
—David Hyatt, who is coor
dinating the Hammer and
Coffin party's "YOU!" slate,
describing the slate's strate
gy of shunning active cam
paigning because students
would be electing them
selves. The slate pledges to
replace the members of the
COP on a daily basis with
randomly selected students.
Quote of the Day
"Who knows themselves
better than the students?"
—David Hyatt, who is coor
dinating the Hammer and
Coffin party's "YOU!" slate,
describing the slate's strate
gy of shunning active cam
paigning because students
would be electing them
selves. The slate pledges to
replace the members of the
COP on a daily basis with
randomly selected students.
