# INSIDE
## 
### 
Sure thing
Canyon Ceman leads
men's volleyball
offense into playoffs
See Sports, page 7

Honey, I shrunk...
because I was standing
at sea level. The Sci
ence Bug knows why
See Science, page 8

Blame it on Rio
Conference addresses
major problems
facing Brazil
See News, back page



Sure thing
Canyon Ceman leads
men's volleyball
offense into playoffs
See Sports, page 7

Honey, I shrunk...
because I was standing
at sea level. The Sci
ence Bug knows why
See Science, page 8

Blame it on Rio
Conference addresses
major problems
facing Brazil
See News, back page



Sure thing
Canyon Ceman leads
men's volleyball
offense into playoffs
See Sports, page 7

Honey, I shrunk...
because I was standing
at sea level. The Sci
ence Bug knows why
See Science, page 8

Blame it on Rio
Conference addresses
major problems
facing Brazil
See News, back page



Sure thing
Canyon Ceman leads
men's volleyball
offense into playoffs
See Sports, page 7

Honey, I shrunk...
because I was standing
at sea level. The Sci
ence Bug knows why
See Science, page 8

Blame it on Rio
Conference addresses
major problems
facing Brazil
See News, back page



Sure thing
Canyon Ceman leads
men's volleyball
offense into playoffs
See Sports, page 7

Honey, I shrunk...
because I was standing
at sea level. The Sci
ence Bug knows why
See Science, page 8

Blame it on Rio
Conference addresses
major problems
facing Brazil
See News, back page



Sure thing
Canyon Ceman leads
men's volleyball
offense into playoffs
See Sports, page 7

Honey, I shrunk...
because I was standing
at sea level. The Sci
ence Bug knows why
See Science, page 8

Blame it on Rio
Conference addresses
major problems
facing Brazil
See News, back page



Sure thing
Canyon Ceman leads
men's volleyball
offense into playoffs
See Sports, page 7

Honey, I shrunk...
because I was standing
at sea level. The Sci
ence Bug knows why
See Science, page 8

Blame it on Rio
Conference addresses
major problems
facing Brazil
See News, back page



Sure thing
Canyon Ceman leads
men's volleyball
offense into playoffs
See Sports, page 7

Honey, I shrunk...
because I was standing
at sea level. The Sci
ence Bug knows why
See Science, page 8

Blame it on Rio
Conference addresses
major problems
facing Brazil
See News, back page



