# Untitled Article
## 
### 

SHIP AHOY—These student editors recently sailed from San
Francisco to Los Angeles to the SS President Cleveland to get
a preview of this summer's American President Lines Adven
ture-Study tour

SHIP AHOY—These student editors recently sailed from San
Francisco to Los Angeles to the SS President Cleveland to get
a preview of this summer's American President Lines Adven
ture-Study tour

SHIP AHOY—These student editors recently sailed from San
Francisco to Los Angeles to the SS President Cleveland to get
a preview of this summer's American President Lines Adven
ture-Study tour

SHIP AHOY—These student editors recently sailed from San
Francisco to Los Angeles to the SS President Cleveland to get
a preview of this summer's American President Lines Adven
ture-Study tour

SHIP AHOY—These student editors recently sailed from San
Francisco to Los Angeles to the SS President Cleveland to get
a preview of this summer's American President Lines Adven
ture-Study tour

SHIP AHOY—These student editors recently sailed from San
Francisco to Los Angeles to the SS President Cleveland to get
a preview of this summer's American President Lines Adven
ture-Study tour

SHIP AHOY—These student editors recently sailed from San
Francisco to Los Angeles to the SS President Cleveland to get
a preview of this summer's American President Lines Adven
ture-Study tour

SHIP AHOY—These student editors recently sailed from San
Francisco to Los Angeles to the SS President Cleveland to get
a preview of this summer's American President Lines Adven
ture-Study tour

SHIP AHOY—These student editors recently sailed from San
Francisco to Los Angeles to the SS President Cleveland to get
a preview of this summer's American President Lines Adven
ture-Study tour

SHIP AHOY—These student editors recently sailed from San
Francisco to Los Angeles to the SS President Cleveland to get
a preview of this summer's American President Lines Adven
ture-Study tour

SHIP AHOY—These student editors recently sailed from San
Francisco to Los Angeles to the SS President Cleveland to get
a preview of this summer's American President Lines Adven
ture-Study tour

SHIP AHOY—These student editors recently sailed from San
Francisco to Los Angeles to the SS President Cleveland to get
a preview of this summer's American President Lines Adven
ture-Study tour

SHIP AHOY—These student editors recently sailed from San
Francisco to Los Angeles to the SS President Cleveland to get
a preview of this summer's American President Lines Adven
ture-Study tour

SHIP AHOY—These student editors recently sailed from San
Francisco to Los Angeles to the SS President Cleveland to get
a preview of this summer's American President Lines Adven
ture-Study tour

SHIP AHOY—These student editors recently sailed from San
Francisco to Los Angeles to the SS President Cleveland to get
a preview of this summer's American President Lines Adven
ture-Study tour
