# Job Openings Announced
## Coro Internships 
### 
The Coro Foundation will inter
view students interested in applying
for internships in municipal affairs
on April 13 at the Placement Serv
ice. Students should contact the
Placement Service for an appoint
ment.
'this year the foundation is aeain
offering 12 scholarships totaling
$1,000 each to students who can
qualify for the program. The length
of the training period is nine
months.
The internship is designed to give
fundamental training to those who
want public careers. Twelve interns
are placed in a series of govern
ment offices on a half-day basis to
carry out training assignments as
determined by the various depart
ment head? of the city and county
government of San Francisco.
Selection of tlie interns is made
on the basis of personality, intelli
gence, character, and achievement
record, and personal interest in
public affairs. The foundation does
not place any of the interns in jobs,
but the training period has proved
to he of value in government and
public jobs.
The Coro Foundation will inter
view students interested in applying
for internships in municipal affairs
on April 13 at the Placement Serv
ice. Students should contact the
Placement Service for an appoint
ment.
'this year the foundation is aeain
offering 12 scholarships totaling
$1,000 each to students who can
qualify for the program. The length
of the training period is nine
months.
The internship is designed to give
fundamental training to those who
want public careers. Twelve interns
are placed in a series of govern
ment offices on a half-day basis to
carry out training assignments as
determined by the various depart
ment head? of the city and county
government of San Francisco.
Selection of tlie interns is made
on the basis of personality, intelli
gence, character, and achievement
record, and personal interest in
public affairs. The foundation does
not place any of the interns in jobs,
but the training period has proved
to he of value in government and
public jobs.
The Coro Foundation will inter
view students interested in applying
for internships in municipal affairs
on April 13 at the Placement Serv
ice. Students should contact the
Placement Service for an appoint
ment.
'this year the foundation is aeain
offering 12 scholarships totaling
$1,000 each to students who can
qualify for the program. The length
of the training period is nine
months.
The internship is designed to give
fundamental training to those who
want public careers. Twelve interns
are placed in a series of govern
ment offices on a half-day basis to
carry out training assignments as
determined by the various depart
ment head? of the city and county
government of San Francisco.
Selection of tlie interns is made
on the basis of personality, intelli
gence, character, and achievement
record, and personal interest in
public affairs. The foundation does
not place any of the interns in jobs,
but the training period has proved
to he of value in government and
public jobs.
The Coro Foundation will inter
view students interested in applying
for internships in municipal affairs
on April 13 at the Placement Serv
ice. Students should contact the
Placement Service for an appoint
ment.
'this year the foundation is aeain
offering 12 scholarships totaling
$1,000 each to students who can
qualify for the program. The length
of the training period is nine
months.
The internship is designed to give
fundamental training to those who
want public careers. Twelve interns
are placed in a series of govern
ment offices on a half-day basis to
carry out training assignments as
determined by the various depart
ment head? of the city and county
government of San Francisco.
Selection of tlie interns is made
on the basis of personality, intelli
gence, character, and achievement
record, and personal interest in
public affairs. The foundation does
not place any of the interns in jobs,
but the training period has proved
to he of value in government and
public jobs.
The Coro Foundation will inter
view students interested in applying
for internships in municipal affairs
on April 13 at the Placement Serv
ice. Students should contact the
Placement Service for an appoint
ment.
'this year the foundation is aeain
offering 12 scholarships totaling
$1,000 each to students who can
qualify for the program. The length
of the training period is nine
months.
The internship is designed to give
fundamental training to those who
want public careers. Twelve interns
are placed in a series of govern
ment offices on a half-day basis to
carry out training assignments as
determined by the various depart
ment head? of the city and county
government of San Francisco.
Selection of tlie interns is made
on the basis of personality, intelli
gence, character, and achievement
record, and personal interest in
public affairs. The foundation does
not place any of the interns in jobs,
but the training period has proved
to he of value in government and
public jobs.
The Coro Foundation will inter
view students interested in applying
for internships in municipal affairs
on April 13 at the Placement Serv
ice. Students should contact the
Placement Service for an appoint
ment.
'this year the foundation is aeain
offering 12 scholarships totaling
$1,000 each to students who can
qualify for the program. The length
of the training period is nine
months.
The internship is designed to give
fundamental training to those who
want public careers. Twelve interns
are placed in a series of govern
ment offices on a half-day basis to
carry out training assignments as
determined by the various depart
ment head? of the city and county
government of San Francisco.
Selection of tlie interns is made
on the basis of personality, intelli
gence, character, and achievement
record, and personal interest in
public affairs. The foundation does
not place any of the interns in jobs,
but the training period has proved
to he of value in government and
public jobs.
The Coro Foundation will inter
view students interested in applying
for internships in municipal affairs
on April 13 at the Placement Serv
ice. Students should contact the
Placement Service for an appoint
ment.
'this year the foundation is aeain
offering 12 scholarships totaling
$1,000 each to students who can
qualify for the program. The length
of the training period is nine
months.
The internship is designed to give
fundamental training to those who
want public careers. Twelve interns
are placed in a series of govern
ment offices on a half-day basis to
carry out training assignments as
determined by the various depart
ment head? of the city and county
government of San Francisco.
Selection of tlie interns is made
on the basis of personality, intelli
gence, character, and achievement
record, and personal interest in
public affairs. The foundation does
not place any of the interns in jobs,
but the training period has proved
to he of value in government and
public jobs.
The Coro Foundation will inter
view students interested in applying
for internships in municipal affairs
on April 13 at the Placement Serv
ice. Students should contact the
Placement Service for an appoint
ment.
'this year the foundation is aeain
offering 12 scholarships totaling
$1,000 each to students who can
qualify for the program. The length
of the training period is nine
months.
The internship is designed to give
fundamental training to those who
want public careers. Twelve interns
are placed in a series of govern
ment offices on a half-day basis to
carry out training assignments as
determined by the various depart
ment head? of the city and county
government of San Francisco.
Selection of tlie interns is made
on the basis of personality, intelli
gence, character, and achievement
record, and personal interest in
public affairs. The foundation does
not place any of the interns in jobs,
but the training period has proved
to he of value in government and
public jobs.
The Coro Foundation will inter
view students interested in applying
for internships in municipal affairs
on April 13 at the Placement Serv
ice. Students should contact the
Placement Service for an appoint
ment.
'this year the foundation is aeain
offering 12 scholarships totaling
$1,000 each to students who can
qualify for the program. The length
of the training period is nine
months.
The internship is designed to give
fundamental training to those who
want public careers. Twelve interns
are placed in a series of govern
ment offices on a half-day basis to
carry out training assignments as
determined by the various depart
ment head? of the city and county
government of San Francisco.
Selection of tlie interns is made
on the basis of personality, intelli
gence, character, and achievement
record, and personal interest in
public affairs. The foundation does
not place any of the interns in jobs,
but the training period has proved
to he of value in government and
public jobs.
The Coro Foundation will inter
view students interested in applying
for internships in municipal affairs
on April 13 at the Placement Serv
ice. Students should contact the
Placement Service for an appoint
ment.
'this year the foundation is aeain
offering 12 scholarships totaling
$1,000 each to students who can
qualify for the program. The length
of the training period is nine
months.
The internship is designed to give
fundamental training to those who
want public careers. Twelve interns
are placed in a series of govern
ment offices on a half-day basis to
carry out training assignments as
determined by the various depart
ment head? of the city and county
government of San Francisco.
Selection of tlie interns is made
on the basis of personality, intelli
gence, character, and achievement
record, and personal interest in
public affairs. The foundation does
not place any of the interns in jobs,
but the training period has proved
to he of value in government and
public jobs.
The Coro Foundation will inter
view students interested in applying
for internships in municipal affairs
on April 13 at the Placement Serv
ice. Students should contact the
Placement Service for an appoint
ment.
'this year the foundation is aeain
offering 12 scholarships totaling
$1,000 each to students who can
qualify for the program. The length
of the training period is nine
months.
The internship is designed to give
fundamental training to those who
want public careers. Twelve interns
are placed in a series of govern
ment offices on a half-day basis to
carry out training assignments as
determined by the various depart
ment head? of the city and county
government of San Francisco.
Selection of tlie interns is made
on the basis of personality, intelli
gence, character, and achievement
record, and personal interest in
public affairs. The foundation does
not place any of the interns in jobs,
but the training period has proved
to he of value in government and
public jobs.
The Coro Foundation will inter
view students interested in applying
for internships in municipal affairs
on April 13 at the Placement Serv
ice. Students should contact the
Placement Service for an appoint
ment.
'this year the foundation is aeain
offering 12 scholarships totaling
$1,000 each to students who can
qualify for the program. The length
of the training period is nine
months.
The internship is designed to give
fundamental training to those who
want public careers. Twelve interns
are placed in a series of govern
ment offices on a half-day basis to
carry out training assignments as
determined by the various depart
ment head? of the city and county
government of San Francisco.
Selection of tlie interns is made
on the basis of personality, intelli
gence, character, and achievement
record, and personal interest in
public affairs. The foundation does
not place any of the interns in jobs,
but the training period has proved
to he of value in government and
public jobs.
The Coro Foundation will inter
view students interested in applying
for internships in municipal affairs
on April 13 at the Placement Serv
ice. Students should contact the
Placement Service for an appoint
ment.
'this year the foundation is aeain
offering 12 scholarships totaling
$1,000 each to students who can
qualify for the program. The length
of the training period is nine
months.
The internship is designed to give
fundamental training to those who
want public careers. Twelve interns
are placed in a series of govern
ment offices on a half-day basis to
carry out training assignments as
determined by the various depart
ment head? of the city and county
government of San Francisco.
Selection of tlie interns is made
on the basis of personality, intelli
gence, character, and achievement
record, and personal interest in
public affairs. The foundation does
not place any of the interns in jobs,
but the training period has proved
to he of value in government and
public jobs.
The Coro Foundation will inter
view students interested in applying
for internships in municipal affairs
on April 13 at the Placement Serv
ice. Students should contact the
Placement Service for an appoint
ment.
'this year the foundation is aeain
offering 12 scholarships totaling
$1,000 each to students who can
qualify for the program. The length
of the training period is nine
months.
The internship is designed to give
fundamental training to those who
want public careers. Twelve interns
are placed in a series of govern
ment offices on a half-day basis to
carry out training assignments as
determined by the various depart
ment head? of the city and county
government of San Francisco.
Selection of tlie interns is made
on the basis of personality, intelli
gence, character, and achievement
record, and personal interest in
public affairs. The foundation does
not place any of the interns in jobs,
but the training period has proved
to he of value in government and
public jobs.
The Coro Foundation will inter
view students interested in applying
for internships in municipal affairs
on April 13 at the Placement Serv
ice. Students should contact the
Placement Service for an appoint
ment.
'this year the foundation is aeain
offering 12 scholarships totaling
$1,000 each to students who can
qualify for the program. The length
of the training period is nine
months.
The internship is designed to give
fundamental training to those who
want public careers. Twelve interns
are placed in a series of govern
ment offices on a half-day basis to
carry out training assignments as
determined by the various depart
ment head? of the city and county
government of San Francisco.
Selection of tlie interns is made
on the basis of personality, intelli
gence, character, and achievement
record, and personal interest in
public affairs. The foundation does
not place any of the interns in jobs,
but the training period has proved
to he of value in government and
public jobs.
