# Zoology Club camping Trip.
## 
### 
The Zoology Club has planned a
camping trip lor next Saturday and
Sunday when the members of lh°
organization will go to the Corte
Madera Creek. The names of all who
intend to make the trip should he in
by to-morrow noon in order that
arrangements may he completed.
Hlankets should be ready for collec
tion at eight o'clock Saturday morn
ing. either at the residences of Dr.
Gilbert and Professor Heath in Palo
Alto or Encina and Roble on the
campus.
The Zoology Club has planned a
camping trip lor next Saturday and
Sunday when the members of lh°
organization will go to the Corte
Madera Creek. The names of all who
intend to make the trip should he in
by to-morrow noon in order that
arrangements may he completed.
Hlankets should be ready for collec
tion at eight o'clock Saturday morn
ing. either at the residences of Dr.
Gilbert and Professor Heath in Palo
Alto or Encina and Roble on the
campus.
The Zoology Club has planned a
camping trip lor next Saturday and
Sunday when the members of lh°
organization will go to the Corte
Madera Creek. The names of all who
intend to make the trip should he in
by to-morrow noon in order that
arrangements may he completed.
Hlankets should be ready for collec
tion at eight o'clock Saturday morn
ing. either at the residences of Dr.
Gilbert and Professor Heath in Palo
Alto or Encina and Roble on the
campus.
The Zoology Club has planned a
camping trip lor next Saturday and
Sunday when the members of lh°
organization will go to the Corte
Madera Creek. The names of all who
intend to make the trip should he in
by to-morrow noon in order that
arrangements may he completed.
Hlankets should be ready for collec
tion at eight o'clock Saturday morn
ing. either at the residences of Dr.
Gilbert and Professor Heath in Palo
Alto or Encina and Roble on the
campus.
The Zoology Club has planned a
camping trip lor next Saturday and
Sunday when the members of lh°
organization will go to the Corte
Madera Creek. The names of all who
intend to make the trip should he in
by to-morrow noon in order that
arrangements may he completed.
Hlankets should be ready for collec
tion at eight o'clock Saturday morn
ing. either at the residences of Dr.
Gilbert and Professor Heath in Palo
Alto or Encina and Roble on the
campus.
The Zoology Club has planned a
camping trip lor next Saturday and
Sunday when the members of lh°
organization will go to the Corte
Madera Creek. The names of all who
intend to make the trip should he in
by to-morrow noon in order that
arrangements may he completed.
Hlankets should be ready for collec
tion at eight o'clock Saturday morn
ing. either at the residences of Dr.
Gilbert and Professor Heath in Palo
Alto or Encina and Roble on the
campus.
The Zoology Club has planned a
camping trip lor next Saturday and
Sunday when the members of lh°
organization will go to the Corte
Madera Creek. The names of all who
intend to make the trip should he in
by to-morrow noon in order that
arrangements may he completed.
Hlankets should be ready for collec
tion at eight o'clock Saturday morn
ing. either at the residences of Dr.
Gilbert and Professor Heath in Palo
Alto or Encina and Roble on the
campus.
The Zoology Club has planned a
camping trip lor next Saturday and
Sunday when the members of lh°
organization will go to the Corte
Madera Creek. The names of all who
intend to make the trip should he in
by to-morrow noon in order that
arrangements may he completed.
Hlankets should be ready for collec
tion at eight o'clock Saturday morn
ing. either at the residences of Dr.
Gilbert and Professor Heath in Palo
Alto or Encina and Roble on the
campus.
The Zoology Club has planned a
camping trip lor next Saturday and
Sunday when the members of lh°
organization will go to the Corte
Madera Creek. The names of all who
intend to make the trip should he in
by to-morrow noon in order that
arrangements may he completed.
Hlankets should be ready for collec
tion at eight o'clock Saturday morn
ing. either at the residences of Dr.
Gilbert and Professor Heath in Palo
Alto or Encina and Roble on the
campus.
The Zoology Club has planned a
camping trip lor next Saturday and
Sunday when the members of lh°
organization will go to the Corte
Madera Creek. The names of all who
intend to make the trip should he in
by to-morrow noon in order that
arrangements may he completed.
Hlankets should be ready for collec
tion at eight o'clock Saturday morn
ing. either at the residences of Dr.
Gilbert and Professor Heath in Palo
Alto or Encina and Roble on the
campus.
