# ELECTION TOMORROW
## CONFERENCE REPRESENTATIVES WILL BE CHOSEN. Each Department Will Have Separate Polling Place.â€”Election Starts at 1:15. 
### 
Department, representatives to the
University Conference will be elected
to-morrow afternoon at 1:15, by the
upperclassmen having 50 hours or
more to their credit in the Univer
sity. Each department will elect a
limited number of representatives and
each will have a separate polling
place as outlined below. One repre
sentative is allowed for every forty
men enrolled in a department.
The grouping of the various depart
ments having less than forty men stu
dents has had to be rearranged this
semester, as some of the departments
having a small enrollment last year
have increased their number of men
students. The Greek, Latin, German,
English, Romanic Languages and His
tory departments are this semester
grouped together and will have one
representative, as will Education,
Philosophy, Psychology, Drawing,
Botany, Systematic Botany, Mathema
tics, Physics, Zoology, and Entomol
ogy departments.
Following is the number of repre
sentatives to be elected by the va
rious departments:
Law, 6; Civil Engineering, 4; Me
chanical Engineering, 2; Electrical
Enigneering, 3; Geology and Mining,
2; Economics, 3; Chemistry, 1; Medi
cine and Physiology, 1; Greek, Latin,
German, English, Romanic Languages,
1; Education, Philosophy, Psychology,
Drawing, Botany, Systematic Botany,
Mathematics, Physics, Zoology, En
tomology, 1.
Following is the list of rooms in
which elections will take place:
Law, room 10; Civil Engineering,
room 283; Mechanical Engineering,
268: Electrical Engineering, 501;
Geology and Mining, 320; Economics,
214; Chemistry, 68; Medicine and
Physiology, 410; Greek, Latin, Ger
man. English, Romanic Languages, and
History, 200; Education, Philosophy,
Psychology, Drawing, Botany, System
atic Botany, Mathematics, Physics, Zo
ology, and Entomology, 50.
Department, representatives to the
University Conference will be elected
to-morrow afternoon at 1:15, by the
upperclassmen having 50 hours or
more to their credit in the Univer
sity. Each department will elect a
limited number of representatives and
each will have a separate polling
place as outlined below. One repre
sentative is allowed for every forty
men enrolled in a department.
The grouping of the various depart
ments having less than forty men stu
dents has had to be rearranged this
semester, as some of the departments
having a small enrollment last year
have increased their number of men
students. The Greek, Latin, German,
English, Romanic Languages and His
tory departments are this semester
grouped together and will have one
representative, as will Education,
Philosophy, Psychology, Drawing,
Botany, Systematic Botany, Mathema
tics, Physics, Zoology, and Entomol
ogy departments.
Following is the number of repre
sentatives to be elected by the va
rious departments:
Law, 6; Civil Engineering, 4; Me
chanical Engineering, 2; Electrical
Enigneering, 3; Geology and Mining,
2; Economics, 3; Chemistry, 1; Medi
cine and Physiology, 1; Greek, Latin,
German, English, Romanic Languages,
1; Education, Philosophy, Psychology,
Drawing, Botany, Systematic Botany,
Mathematics, Physics, Zoology, En
tomology, 1.
Following is the list of rooms in
which elections will take place:
Law, room 10; Civil Engineering,
room 283; Mechanical Engineering,
268: Electrical Engineering, 501;
Geology and Mining, 320; Economics,
214; Chemistry, 68; Medicine and
Physiology, 410; Greek, Latin, Ger
man. English, Romanic Languages, and
History, 200; Education, Philosophy,
Psychology, Drawing, Botany, System
atic Botany, Mathematics, Physics, Zo
ology, and Entomology, 50.
Department, representatives to the
University Conference will be elected
to-morrow afternoon at 1:15, by the
upperclassmen having 50 hours or
more to their credit in the Univer
sity. Each department will elect a
limited number of representatives and
each will have a separate polling
place as outlined below. One repre
sentative is allowed for every forty
men enrolled in a department.
The grouping of the various depart
ments having less than forty men stu
dents has had to be rearranged this
semester, as some of the departments
having a small enrollment last year
have increased their number of men
students. The Greek, Latin, German,
English, Romanic Languages and His
tory departments are this semester
grouped together and will have one
representative, as will Education,
Philosophy, Psychology, Drawing,
Botany, Systematic Botany, Mathema
tics, Physics, Zoology, and Entomol
ogy departments.
Following is the number of repre
sentatives to be elected by the va
rious departments:
Law, 6; Civil Engineering, 4; Me
chanical Engineering, 2; Electrical
Enigneering, 3; Geology and Mining,
2; Economics, 3; Chemistry, 1; Medi
cine and Physiology, 1; Greek, Latin,
German, English, Romanic Languages,
1; Education, Philosophy, Psychology,
Drawing, Botany, Systematic Botany,
Mathematics, Physics, Zoology, En
tomology, 1.
Following is the list of rooms in
which elections will take place:
Law, room 10; Civil Engineering,
room 283; Mechanical Engineering,
268: Electrical Engineering, 501;
Geology and Mining, 320; Economics,
214; Chemistry, 68; Medicine and
Physiology, 410; Greek, Latin, Ger
man. English, Romanic Languages, and
History, 200; Education, Philosophy,
Psychology, Drawing, Botany, System
atic Botany, Mathematics, Physics, Zo
ology, and Entomology, 50.
Department, representatives to the
University Conference will be elected
to-morrow afternoon at 1:15, by the
upperclassmen having 50 hours or
more to their credit in the Univer
sity. Each department will elect a
limited number of representatives and
each will have a separate polling
place as outlined below. One repre
sentative is allowed for every forty
men enrolled in a department.
The grouping of the various depart
ments having less than forty men stu
dents has had to be rearranged this
semester, as some of the departments
having a small enrollment last year
have increased their number of men
students. The Greek, Latin, German,
English, Romanic Languages and His
tory departments are this semester
grouped together and will have one
representative, as will Education,
Philosophy, Psychology, Drawing,
Botany, Systematic Botany, Mathema
tics, Physics, Zoology, and Entomol
ogy departments.
Following is the number of repre
sentatives to be elected by the va
rious departments:
Law, 6; Civil Engineering, 4; Me
chanical Engineering, 2; Electrical
Enigneering, 3; Geology and Mining,
2; Economics, 3; Chemistry, 1; Medi
cine and Physiology, 1; Greek, Latin,
German, English, Romanic Languages,
1; Education, Philosophy, Psychology,
Drawing, Botany, Systematic Botany,
Mathematics, Physics, Zoology, En
tomology, 1.
Following is the list of rooms in
which elections will take place:
Law, room 10; Civil Engineering,
room 283; Mechanical Engineering,
268: Electrical Engineering, 501;
Geology and Mining, 320; Economics,
214; Chemistry, 68; Medicine and
Physiology, 410; Greek, Latin, Ger
man. English, Romanic Languages, and
History, 200; Education, Philosophy,
Psychology, Drawing, Botany, System
atic Botany, Mathematics, Physics, Zo
ology, and Entomology, 50.
Department, representatives to the
University Conference will be elected
to-morrow afternoon at 1:15, by the
upperclassmen having 50 hours or
more to their credit in the Univer
sity. Each department will elect a
limited number of representatives and
each will have a separate polling
place as outlined below. One repre
sentative is allowed for every forty
men enrolled in a department.
The grouping of the various depart
ments having less than forty men stu
dents has had to be rearranged this
semester, as some of the departments
having a small enrollment last year
have increased their number of men
students. The Greek, Latin, German,
English, Romanic Languages and His
tory departments are this semester
grouped together and will have one
representative, as will Education,
Philosophy, Psychology, Drawing,
Botany, Systematic Botany, Mathema
tics, Physics, Zoology, and Entomol
ogy departments.
Following is the number of repre
sentatives to be elected by the va
rious departments:
Law, 6; Civil Engineering, 4; Me
chanical Engineering, 2; Electrical
Enigneering, 3; Geology and Mining,
2; Economics, 3; Chemistry, 1; Medi
cine and Physiology, 1; Greek, Latin,
German, English, Romanic Languages,
1; Education, Philosophy, Psychology,
Drawing, Botany, Systematic Botany,
Mathematics, Physics, Zoology, En
tomology, 1.
Following is the list of rooms in
which elections will take place:
Law, room 10; Civil Engineering,
room 283; Mechanical Engineering,
268: Electrical Engineering, 501;
Geology and Mining, 320; Economics,
214; Chemistry, 68; Medicine and
Physiology, 410; Greek, Latin, Ger
man. English, Romanic Languages, and
History, 200; Education, Philosophy,
Psychology, Drawing, Botany, System
atic Botany, Mathematics, Physics, Zo
ology, and Entomology, 50.
Department, representatives to the
University Conference will be elected
to-morrow afternoon at 1:15, by the
upperclassmen having 50 hours or
more to their credit in the Univer
sity. Each department will elect a
limited number of representatives and
each will have a separate polling
place as outlined below. One repre
sentative is allowed for every forty
men enrolled in a department.
The grouping of the various depart
ments having less than forty men stu
dents has had to be rearranged this
semester, as some of the departments
having a small enrollment last year
have increased their number of men
students. The Greek, Latin, German,
English, Romanic Languages and His
tory departments are this semester
grouped together and will have one
representative, as will Education,
Philosophy, Psychology, Drawing,
Botany, Systematic Botany, Mathema
tics, Physics, Zoology, and Entomol
ogy departments.
Following is the number of repre
sentatives to be elected by the va
rious departments:
Law, 6; Civil Engineering, 4; Me
chanical Engineering, 2; Electrical
Enigneering, 3; Geology and Mining,
2; Economics, 3; Chemistry, 1; Medi
cine and Physiology, 1; Greek, Latin,
German, English, Romanic Languages,
1; Education, Philosophy, Psychology,
Drawing, Botany, Systematic Botany,
Mathematics, Physics, Zoology, En
tomology, 1.
Following is the list of rooms in
which elections will take place:
Law, room 10; Civil Engineering,
room 283; Mechanical Engineering,
268: Electrical Engineering, 501;
Geology and Mining, 320; Economics,
214; Chemistry, 68; Medicine and
Physiology, 410; Greek, Latin, Ger
man. English, Romanic Languages, and
History, 200; Education, Philosophy,
Psychology, Drawing, Botany, System
atic Botany, Mathematics, Physics, Zo
ology, and Entomology, 50.
Department, representatives to the
University Conference will be elected
to-morrow afternoon at 1:15, by the
upperclassmen having 50 hours or
more to their credit in the Univer
sity. Each department will elect a
limited number of representatives and
each will have a separate polling
place as outlined below. One repre
sentative is allowed for every forty
men enrolled in a department.
The grouping of the various depart
ments having less than forty men stu
dents has had to be rearranged this
semester, as some of the departments
having a small enrollment last year
have increased their number of men
students. The Greek, Latin, German,
English, Romanic Languages and His
tory departments are this semester
grouped together and will have one
representative, as will Education,
Philosophy, Psychology, Drawing,
Botany, Systematic Botany, Mathema
tics, Physics, Zoology, and Entomol
ogy departments.
Following is the number of repre
sentatives to be elected by the va
rious departments:
Law, 6; Civil Engineering, 4; Me
chanical Engineering, 2; Electrical
Enigneering, 3; Geology and Mining,
2; Economics, 3; Chemistry, 1; Medi
cine and Physiology, 1; Greek, Latin,
German, English, Romanic Languages,
1; Education, Philosophy, Psychology,
Drawing, Botany, Systematic Botany,
Mathematics, Physics, Zoology, En
tomology, 1.
Following is the list of rooms in
which elections will take place:
Law, room 10; Civil Engineering,
room 283; Mechanical Engineering,
268: Electrical Engineering, 501;
Geology and Mining, 320; Economics,
214; Chemistry, 68; Medicine and
Physiology, 410; Greek, Latin, Ger
man. English, Romanic Languages, and
History, 200; Education, Philosophy,
Psychology, Drawing, Botany, System
atic Botany, Mathematics, Physics, Zo
ology, and Entomology, 50.
Department, representatives to the
University Conference will be elected
to-morrow afternoon at 1:15, by the
upperclassmen having 50 hours or
more to their credit in the Univer
sity. Each department will elect a
limited number of representatives and
each will have a separate polling
place as outlined below. One repre
sentative is allowed for every forty
men enrolled in a department.
The grouping of the various depart
ments having less than forty men stu
dents has had to be rearranged this
semester, as some of the departments
having a small enrollment last year
have increased their number of men
students. The Greek, Latin, German,
English, Romanic Languages and His
tory departments are this semester
grouped together and will have one
representative, as will Education,
Philosophy, Psychology, Drawing,
Botany, Systematic Botany, Mathema
tics, Physics, Zoology, and Entomol
ogy departments.
Following is the number of repre
sentatives to be elected by the va
rious departments:
Law, 6; Civil Engineering, 4; Me
chanical Engineering, 2; Electrical
Enigneering, 3; Geology and Mining,
2; Economics, 3; Chemistry, 1; Medi
cine and Physiology, 1; Greek, Latin,
German, English, Romanic Languages,
1; Education, Philosophy, Psychology,
Drawing, Botany, Systematic Botany,
Mathematics, Physics, Zoology, En
tomology, 1.
Following is the list of rooms in
which elections will take place:
Law, room 10; Civil Engineering,
room 283; Mechanical Engineering,
268: Electrical Engineering, 501;
Geology and Mining, 320; Economics,
214; Chemistry, 68; Medicine and
Physiology, 410; Greek, Latin, Ger
man. English, Romanic Languages, and
History, 200; Education, Philosophy,
Psychology, Drawing, Botany, System
atic Botany, Mathematics, Physics, Zo
ology, and Entomology, 50.
Department, representatives to the
University Conference will be elected
to-morrow afternoon at 1:15, by the
upperclassmen having 50 hours or
more to their credit in the Univer
sity. Each department will elect a
limited number of representatives and
each will have a separate polling
place as outlined below. One repre
sentative is allowed for every forty
men enrolled in a department.
The grouping of the various depart
ments having less than forty men stu
dents has had to be rearranged this
semester, as some of the departments
having a small enrollment last year
have increased their number of men
students. The Greek, Latin, German,
English, Romanic Languages and His
tory departments are this semester
grouped together and will have one
representative, as will Education,
Philosophy, Psychology, Drawing,
Botany, Systematic Botany, Mathema
tics, Physics, Zoology, and Entomol
ogy departments.
Following is the number of repre
sentatives to be elected by the va
rious departments:
Law, 6; Civil Engineering, 4; Me
chanical Engineering, 2; Electrical
Enigneering, 3; Geology and Mining,
2; Economics, 3; Chemistry, 1; Medi
cine and Physiology, 1; Greek, Latin,
German, English, Romanic Languages,
1; Education, Philosophy, Psychology,
Drawing, Botany, Systematic Botany,
Mathematics, Physics, Zoology, En
tomology, 1.
Following is the list of rooms in
which elections will take place:
Law, room 10; Civil Engineering,
room 283; Mechanical Engineering,
268: Electrical Engineering, 501;
Geology and Mining, 320; Economics,
214; Chemistry, 68; Medicine and
Physiology, 410; Greek, Latin, Ger
man. English, Romanic Languages, and
History, 200; Education, Philosophy,
Psychology, Drawing, Botany, System
atic Botany, Mathematics, Physics, Zo
ology, and Entomology, 50.
Department, representatives to the
University Conference will be elected
to-morrow afternoon at 1:15, by the
upperclassmen having 50 hours or
more to their credit in the Univer
sity. Each department will elect a
limited number of representatives and
each will have a separate polling
place as outlined below. One repre
sentative is allowed for every forty
men enrolled in a department.
The grouping of the various depart
ments having less than forty men stu
dents has had to be rearranged this
semester, as some of the departments
having a small enrollment last year
have increased their number of men
students. The Greek, Latin, German,
English, Romanic Languages and His
tory departments are this semester
grouped together and will have one
representative, as will Education,
Philosophy, Psychology, Drawing,
Botany, Systematic Botany, Mathema
tics, Physics, Zoology, and Entomol
ogy departments.
Following is the number of repre
sentatives to be elected by the va
rious departments:
Law, 6; Civil Engineering, 4; Me
chanical Engineering, 2; Electrical
Enigneering, 3; Geology and Mining,
2; Economics, 3; Chemistry, 1; Medi
cine and Physiology, 1; Greek, Latin,
German, English, Romanic Languages,
1; Education, Philosophy, Psychology,
Drawing, Botany, Systematic Botany,
Mathematics, Physics, Zoology, En
tomology, 1.
Following is the list of rooms in
which elections will take place:
Law, room 10; Civil Engineering,
room 283; Mechanical Engineering,
268: Electrical Engineering, 501;
Geology and Mining, 320; Economics,
214; Chemistry, 68; Medicine and
Physiology, 410; Greek, Latin, Ger
man. English, Romanic Languages, and
History, 200; Education, Philosophy,
Psychology, Drawing, Botany, System
atic Botany, Mathematics, Physics, Zo
ology, and Entomology, 50.
