# Faculty Committee to Enforce Rule.
## 
### 
The Faculty Athletic Committee has
decided to enforce this year t b
rule announced last semester, which
declares all men ineligible for inter
collegiate contests who play, during
the summer vacations in games to
which admission is charged. The
Committee has also been requested by
Doctor Jordan to investigate the ques
tion of the continuance of rowing as
an intercollegiate sport, but has not
as yet expressed any opinion in this
connection.
The Faculty Athletic Committee has
decided to enforce this year t b
rule announced last semester, which
declares all men ineligible for inter
collegiate contests who play, during
the summer vacations in games to
which admission is charged. The
Committee has also been requested by
Doctor Jordan to investigate the ques
tion of the continuance of rowing as
an intercollegiate sport, but has not
as yet expressed any opinion in this
connection.
The Faculty Athletic Committee has
decided to enforce this year t b
rule announced last semester, which
declares all men ineligible for inter
collegiate contests who play, during
the summer vacations in games to
which admission is charged. The
Committee has also been requested by
Doctor Jordan to investigate the ques
tion of the continuance of rowing as
an intercollegiate sport, but has not
as yet expressed any opinion in this
connection.
The Faculty Athletic Committee has
decided to enforce this year t b
rule announced last semester, which
declares all men ineligible for inter
collegiate contests who play, during
the summer vacations in games to
which admission is charged. The
Committee has also been requested by
Doctor Jordan to investigate the ques
tion of the continuance of rowing as
an intercollegiate sport, but has not
as yet expressed any opinion in this
connection.
The Faculty Athletic Committee has
decided to enforce this year t b
rule announced last semester, which
declares all men ineligible for inter
collegiate contests who play, during
the summer vacations in games to
which admission is charged. The
Committee has also been requested by
Doctor Jordan to investigate the ques
tion of the continuance of rowing as
an intercollegiate sport, but has not
as yet expressed any opinion in this
connection.
The Faculty Athletic Committee has
decided to enforce this year t b
rule announced last semester, which
declares all men ineligible for inter
collegiate contests who play, during
the summer vacations in games to
which admission is charged. The
Committee has also been requested by
Doctor Jordan to investigate the ques
tion of the continuance of rowing as
an intercollegiate sport, but has not
as yet expressed any opinion in this
connection.
The Faculty Athletic Committee has
decided to enforce this year t b
rule announced last semester, which
declares all men ineligible for inter
collegiate contests who play, during
the summer vacations in games to
which admission is charged. The
Committee has also been requested by
Doctor Jordan to investigate the ques
tion of the continuance of rowing as
an intercollegiate sport, but has not
as yet expressed any opinion in this
connection.
The Faculty Athletic Committee has
decided to enforce this year t b
rule announced last semester, which
declares all men ineligible for inter
collegiate contests who play, during
the summer vacations in games to
which admission is charged. The
Committee has also been requested by
Doctor Jordan to investigate the ques
tion of the continuance of rowing as
an intercollegiate sport, but has not
as yet expressed any opinion in this
connection.
The Faculty Athletic Committee has
decided to enforce this year t b
rule announced last semester, which
declares all men ineligible for inter
collegiate contests who play, during
the summer vacations in games to
which admission is charged. The
Committee has also been requested by
Doctor Jordan to investigate the ques
tion of the continuance of rowing as
an intercollegiate sport, but has not
as yet expressed any opinion in this
connection.
The Faculty Athletic Committee has
decided to enforce this year t b
rule announced last semester, which
declares all men ineligible for inter
collegiate contests who play, during
the summer vacations in games to
which admission is charged. The
Committee has also been requested by
Doctor Jordan to investigate the ques
tion of the continuance of rowing as
an intercollegiate sport, but has not
as yet expressed any opinion in this
connection.
