# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
INDIANS
The warming smile of
Springtime is in the air
and with it, thoughts
of strolling campus
paths and weekend
excursions into the
countryside. Time,
also, to check your
supply of cotton twill
pants, excellent for all
around wear. Slim
styling with tab or Ivy
loops in tan or grass
stain green. Better
snatch a pair or two
whilst the mood is on
you. Value-priced at
6.95 a pair.
ROQS/ATKINS
INDIANS
The warming smile of
Springtime is in the air
and with it, thoughts
of strolling campus
paths and weekend
excursions into the
countryside. Time,
also, to check your
supply of cotton twill
pants, excellent for all
around wear. Slim
styling with tab or Ivy
loops in tan or grass
stain green. Better
snatch a pair or two
whilst the mood is on
you. Value-priced at
6.95 a pair.
ROQS/ATKINS
INDIANS
The warming smile of
Springtime is in the air
and with it, thoughts
of strolling campus
paths and weekend
excursions into the
countryside. Time,
also, to check your
supply of cotton twill
pants, excellent for all
around wear. Slim
styling with tab or Ivy
loops in tan or grass
stain green. Better
snatch a pair or two
whilst the mood is on
you. Value-priced at
6.95 a pair.
ROQS/ATKINS
INDIANS
The warming smile of
Springtime is in the air
and with it, thoughts
of strolling campus
paths and weekend
excursions into the
countryside. Time,
also, to check your
supply of cotton twill
pants, excellent for all
around wear. Slim
styling with tab or Ivy
loops in tan or grass
stain green. Better
snatch a pair or two
whilst the mood is on
you. Value-priced at
6.95 a pair.
ROQS/ATKINS
INDIANS
The warming smile of
Springtime is in the air
and with it, thoughts
of strolling campus
paths and weekend
excursions into the
countryside. Time,
also, to check your
supply of cotton twill
pants, excellent for all
around wear. Slim
styling with tab or Ivy
loops in tan or grass
stain green. Better
snatch a pair or two
whilst the mood is on
you. Value-priced at
6.95 a pair.
ROQS/ATKINS
INDIANS
The warming smile of
Springtime is in the air
and with it, thoughts
of strolling campus
paths and weekend
excursions into the
countryside. Time,
also, to check your
supply of cotton twill
pants, excellent for all
around wear. Slim
styling with tab or Ivy
loops in tan or grass
stain green. Better
snatch a pair or two
whilst the mood is on
you. Value-priced at
6.95 a pair.
ROQS/ATKINS
INDIANS
The warming smile of
Springtime is in the air
and with it, thoughts
of strolling campus
paths and weekend
excursions into the
countryside. Time,
also, to check your
supply of cotton twill
pants, excellent for all
around wear. Slim
styling with tab or Ivy
loops in tan or grass
stain green. Better
snatch a pair or two
whilst the mood is on
you. Value-priced at
6.95 a pair.
ROQS/ATKINS
INDIANS
The warming smile of
Springtime is in the air
and with it, thoughts
of strolling campus
paths and weekend
excursions into the
countryside. Time,
also, to check your
supply of cotton twill
pants, excellent for all
around wear. Slim
styling with tab or Ivy
loops in tan or grass
stain green. Better
snatch a pair or two
whilst the mood is on
you. Value-priced at
6.95 a pair.
ROQS/ATKINS
INDIANS
The warming smile of
Springtime is in the air
and with it, thoughts
of strolling campus
paths and weekend
excursions into the
countryside. Time,
also, to check your
supply of cotton twill
pants, excellent for all
around wear. Slim
styling with tab or Ivy
loops in tan or grass
stain green. Better
snatch a pair or two
whilst the mood is on
you. Value-priced at
6.95 a pair.
ROQS/ATKINS
INDIANS
The warming smile of
Springtime is in the air
and with it, thoughts
of strolling campus
paths and weekend
excursions into the
countryside. Time,
also, to check your
supply of cotton twill
pants, excellent for all
around wear. Slim
styling with tab or Ivy
loops in tan or grass
stain green. Better
snatch a pair or two
whilst the mood is on
you. Value-priced at
6.95 a pair.
ROQS/ATKINS
INDIANS
The warming smile of
Springtime is in the air
and with it, thoughts
of strolling campus
paths and weekend
excursions into the
countryside. Time,
also, to check your
supply of cotton twill
pants, excellent for all
around wear. Slim
styling with tab or Ivy
loops in tan or grass
stain green. Better
snatch a pair or two
whilst the mood is on
you. Value-priced at
6.95 a pair.
ROQS/ATKINS
INDIANS
The warming smile of
Springtime is in the air
and with it, thoughts
of strolling campus
paths and weekend
excursions into the
countryside. Time,
also, to check your
supply of cotton twill
pants, excellent for all
around wear. Slim
styling with tab or Ivy
loops in tan or grass
stain green. Better
snatch a pair or two
whilst the mood is on
you. Value-priced at
6.95 a pair.
ROQS/ATKINS
INDIANS
The warming smile of
Springtime is in the air
and with it, thoughts
of strolling campus
paths and weekend
excursions into the
countryside. Time,
also, to check your
supply of cotton twill
pants, excellent for all
around wear. Slim
styling with tab or Ivy
loops in tan or grass
stain green. Better
snatch a pair or two
whilst the mood is on
you. Value-priced at
6.95 a pair.
ROQS/ATKINS
INDIANS
The warming smile of
Springtime is in the air
and with it, thoughts
of strolling campus
paths and weekend
excursions into the
countryside. Time,
also, to check your
supply of cotton twill
pants, excellent for all
around wear. Slim
styling with tab or Ivy
loops in tan or grass
stain green. Better
snatch a pair or two
whilst the mood is on
you. Value-priced at
6.95 a pair.
ROQS/ATKINS
INDIANS
The warming smile of
Springtime is in the air
and with it, thoughts
of strolling campus
paths and weekend
excursions into the
countryside. Time,
also, to check your
supply of cotton twill
pants, excellent for all
around wear. Slim
styling with tab or Ivy
loops in tan or grass
stain green. Better
snatch a pair or two
whilst the mood is on
you. Value-priced at
6.95 a pair.
ROQS/ATKINS
