# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
Many Bay Region
branches under
strongly centralized
control afford the
proven advantages
of centralized bank
ing plus the modern
convenience of
branch banking.
■
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since 1854
SAVINGS TRUST
COMMERCIAL BANKINC tf*l
Many Bay Region
branches under
strongly centralized
control afford the
proven advantages
of centralized bank
ing plus the modern
convenience of
branch banking.
■
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since 1854
SAVINGS TRUST
COMMERCIAL BANKINC tf*l
Many Bay Region
branches under
strongly centralized
control afford the
proven advantages
of centralized bank
ing plus the modern
convenience of
branch banking.
■
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since 1854
SAVINGS TRUST
COMMERCIAL BANKINC tf*l
Many Bay Region
branches under
strongly centralized
control afford the
proven advantages
of centralized bank
ing plus the modern
convenience of
branch banking.
■
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since 1854
SAVINGS TRUST
COMMERCIAL BANKINC tf*l
Many Bay Region
branches under
strongly centralized
control afford the
proven advantages
of centralized bank
ing plus the modern
convenience of
branch banking.
■
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since 1854
SAVINGS TRUST
COMMERCIAL BANKINC tf*l
Many Bay Region
branches under
strongly centralized
control afford the
proven advantages
of centralized bank
ing plus the modern
convenience of
branch banking.
■
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since 1854
SAVINGS TRUST
COMMERCIAL BANKINC tf*l
Many Bay Region
branches under
strongly centralized
control afford the
proven advantages
of centralized bank
ing plus the modern
convenience of
branch banking.
■
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since 1854
SAVINGS TRUST
COMMERCIAL BANKINC tf*l
Many Bay Region
branches under
strongly centralized
control afford the
proven advantages
of centralized bank
ing plus the modern
convenience of
branch banking.
■
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since 1854
SAVINGS TRUST
COMMERCIAL BANKINC tf*l
Many Bay Region
branches under
strongly centralized
control afford the
proven advantages
of centralized bank
ing plus the modern
convenience of
branch banking.
■
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since 1854
SAVINGS TRUST
COMMERCIAL BANKINC tf*l
Many Bay Region
branches under
strongly centralized
control afford the
proven advantages
of centralized bank
ing plus the modern
convenience of
branch banking.
■
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since 1854
SAVINGS TRUST
COMMERCIAL BANKINC tf*l
Many Bay Region
branches under
strongly centralized
control afford the
proven advantages
of centralized bank
ing plus the modern
convenience of
branch banking.
■
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since 1854
SAVINGS TRUST
COMMERCIAL BANKINC tf*l
Many Bay Region
branches under
strongly centralized
control afford the
proven advantages
of centralized bank
ing plus the modern
convenience of
branch banking.
■
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since 1854
SAVINGS TRUST
COMMERCIAL BANKINC tf*l
Many Bay Region
branches under
strongly centralized
control afford the
proven advantages
of centralized bank
ing plus the modern
convenience of
branch banking.
■
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since 1854
SAVINGS TRUST
COMMERCIAL BANKINC tf*l
Many Bay Region
branches under
strongly centralized
control afford the
proven advantages
of centralized bank
ing plus the modern
convenience of
branch banking.
■
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since 1854
SAVINGS TRUST
COMMERCIAL BANKINC tf*l
Many Bay Region
branches under
strongly centralized
control afford the
proven advantages
of centralized bank
ing plus the modern
convenience of
branch banking.
■
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since 1854
SAVINGS TRUST
COMMERCIAL BANKINC tf*l
