# LEGION GETS KEYS TO CHICAGO
## 
### 

Mayor Edward J. Kelly (left, seated) of Chicago, is shown presenting
the "the key to the city" to Louis A. Johnson, national commander of
the American Legion, for the ex-service men's convention. (Associated
Press Photo)

Mayor Edward J. Kelly (left, seated) of Chicago, is shown presenting
the "the key to the city" to Louis A. Johnson, national commander of
the American Legion, for the ex-service men's convention. (Associated
Press Photo)

Mayor Edward J. Kelly (left, seated) of Chicago, is shown presenting
the "the key to the city" to Louis A. Johnson, national commander of
the American Legion, for the ex-service men's convention. (Associated
Press Photo)

Mayor Edward J. Kelly (left, seated) of Chicago, is shown presenting
the "the key to the city" to Louis A. Johnson, national commander of
the American Legion, for the ex-service men's convention. (Associated
Press Photo)

Mayor Edward J. Kelly (left, seated) of Chicago, is shown presenting
the "the key to the city" to Louis A. Johnson, national commander of
the American Legion, for the ex-service men's convention. (Associated
Press Photo)

Mayor Edward J. Kelly (left, seated) of Chicago, is shown presenting
the "the key to the city" to Louis A. Johnson, national commander of
the American Legion, for the ex-service men's convention. (Associated
Press Photo)

Mayor Edward J. Kelly (left, seated) of Chicago, is shown presenting
the "the key to the city" to Louis A. Johnson, national commander of
the American Legion, for the ex-service men's convention. (Associated
Press Photo)

Mayor Edward J. Kelly (left, seated) of Chicago, is shown presenting
the "the key to the city" to Louis A. Johnson, national commander of
the American Legion, for the ex-service men's convention. (Associated
Press Photo)

Mayor Edward J. Kelly (left, seated) of Chicago, is shown presenting
the "the key to the city" to Louis A. Johnson, national commander of
the American Legion, for the ex-service men's convention. (Associated
Press Photo)

Mayor Edward J. Kelly (left, seated) of Chicago, is shown presenting
the "the key to the city" to Louis A. Johnson, national commander of
the American Legion, for the ex-service men's convention. (Associated
Press Photo)

Mayor Edward J. Kelly (left, seated) of Chicago, is shown presenting
the "the key to the city" to Louis A. Johnson, national commander of
the American Legion, for the ex-service men's convention. (Associated
Press Photo)

Mayor Edward J. Kelly (left, seated) of Chicago, is shown presenting
the "the key to the city" to Louis A. Johnson, national commander of
the American Legion, for the ex-service men's convention. (Associated
Press Photo)

Mayor Edward J. Kelly (left, seated) of Chicago, is shown presenting
the "the key to the city" to Louis A. Johnson, national commander of
the American Legion, for the ex-service men's convention. (Associated
Press Photo)

Mayor Edward J. Kelly (left, seated) of Chicago, is shown presenting
the "the key to the city" to Louis A. Johnson, national commander of
the American Legion, for the ex-service men's convention. (Associated
Press Photo)

Mayor Edward J. Kelly (left, seated) of Chicago, is shown presenting
the "the key to the city" to Louis A. Johnson, national commander of
the American Legion, for the ex-service men's convention. (Associated
Press Photo)
