# Law Grads Aghast As Women Violate Tradition
## 
### 
Those cigarette consuming hardies
who daily grace the law steps have
been aroused from their traditional
indifference to anything but the la
test law review article on the intri
cacies of the law of evidence.
And as usual, women are at the
bottom of the question. It was Helen
of Troy that launched a thousand
ships, and Cleopatra that sent Cae.-
sÂ»r running in circles around the
Mediterranean. And it is the aug
mented "500" who are fanning the
flames of revolt in the Law School.
The sacred sanctitiy of the law
steps ever held exclusive for the
male has been invaded. Fair young
things in gay little smocks trip the
light fantastic up and down these
men-worn steps while the keen law
whips stand aghast and fuming.
