# Harry Hillman Returns To Watch Card Eleven
## 
### 
The lure of the gridiron is great.
A' every Stanford game, one can
easily spot several former Stanford
loot ball greats drawn back to the
stadium in the role of spectator.
At the U.C.L.A. game was Harry
Hiliman, elder brother of Jack Hill
man of the present squad. A star
of several years ago, Harry Hillman
like his younger brother was a full
back.
On being questioned as to the
present team, Hillman ventured the
opinion that this year's team is bet
ter than last year's. He felt they
had better material and that the
interference given the backs was
much superior.
Asked how he felt at sitting in the
stands rather than cavorting on the
green to the plaudits of the mob, he
puckered his lips and shot out, "Not
so hot."
