# NOTICE
## 
### 
Lower Division women should sign
immediately in Miss Yost's office for
appointments for pre-registration.
1928
Lower Division women should sign
immediately in Miss Yost's office for
appointments for pre-registration.
1928
Lower Division women should sign
immediately in Miss Yost's office for
appointments for pre-registration.
1928
Lower Division women should sign
immediately in Miss Yost's office for
appointments for pre-registration.
1928
Lower Division women should sign
immediately in Miss Yost's office for
appointments for pre-registration.
1928
Lower Division women should sign
immediately in Miss Yost's office for
appointments for pre-registration.
1928
Lower Division women should sign
immediately in Miss Yost's office for
appointments for pre-registration.
1928
Lower Division women should sign
immediately in Miss Yost's office for
appointments for pre-registration.
1928
Lower Division women should sign
immediately in Miss Yost's office for
appointments for pre-registration.
1928
Lower Division women should sign
immediately in Miss Yost's office for
appointments for pre-registration.
1928
Lower Division women should sign
immediately in Miss Yost's office for
appointments for pre-registration.
1928
Lower Division women should sign
immediately in Miss Yost's office for
appointments for pre-registration.
1928
Lower Division women should sign
immediately in Miss Yost's office for
appointments for pre-registration.
1928
Lower Division women should sign
immediately in Miss Yost's office for
appointments for pre-registration.
1928
Lower Division women should sign
immediately in Miss Yost's office for
appointments for pre-registration.
1928
