# Valli Sparks Stanford Run Game
## 
### Dean Stewart 
When fullback Lou Valli failed
to score Stanford's first touch
down against San Jose State, it
marked the first time this year
Valli failed to get the Indians'
first six points.
Valli, however, was not to be
left out of the scoring. He
romped 12 yards for Stanford's
fourth touchdown, the first one
in the second half.
Valli is currently tied with end
Carl Isaacs for scoring honors;
each has four touchdowns and 24
points. A star halfback for the
1954 freshman team, Valli was
shifted to fullback a year ago in
spring practice.
Stanford's 1955 team was re
markably free of injuries. This
year things are different. Valli,
however, is just the reverse and
an unexpected blessing to the
Cards' coaching staff. As a soph
omore big things were expected
of Valli but a knee injury limited
his action to 27 minutes in three
games.
Eager to make up for lost time,
Valli is adequately holding down
the first-string fullback job. He

is second to Gordy Young among
the Stanford runners. Rushing
statistics show that Valli has car
ried the ball 30 times for 109
yards and a 3.6 average. In ad
dition he has caught nine passes
for 70 yards and one touchdown.
Because he is fast, clever and
has good running sense with all
around ability, Valli is usually
one of the deep men in punt and
kickoff situations. 'In this role
he has excelled. He is the lead
ing Card on kickoffs, returning
four 77 yards for a 24.3 average.
He has also fielded three punts
and returned them 42 yards for
a 14.0.


LOIJ VALLI
Tops in Scoring
When fullback Lou Valli failed
to score Stanford's first touch
down against San Jose State, it
marked the first time this year
Valli failed to get the Indians'
first six points.
Valli, however, was not to be
left out of the scoring. He
romped 12 yards for Stanford's
fourth touchdown, the first one
in the second half.
Valli is currently tied with end
Carl Isaacs for scoring honors;
each has four touchdowns and 24
points. A star halfback for the
1954 freshman team, Valli was
shifted to fullback a year ago in
spring practice.
Stanford's 1955 team was re
markably free of injuries. This
year things are different. Valli,
however, is just the reverse and
an unexpected blessing to the
Cards' coaching staff. As a soph
omore big things were expected
of Valli but a knee injury limited
his action to 27 minutes in three
games.
Eager to make up for lost time,
Valli is adequately holding down
the first-string fullback job. He

is second to Gordy Young among
the Stanford runners. Rushing
statistics show that Valli has car
ried the ball 30 times for 109
yards and a 3.6 average. In ad
dition he has caught nine passes
for 70 yards and one touchdown.
Because he is fast, clever and
has good running sense with all
around ability, Valli is usually
one of the deep men in punt and
kickoff situations. 'In this role
he has excelled. He is the lead
ing Card on kickoffs, returning
four 77 yards for a 24.3 average.
He has also fielded three punts
and returned them 42 yards for
a 14.0.


LOIJ VALLI
Tops in Scoring
When fullback Lou Valli failed
to score Stanford's first touch
down against San Jose State, it
marked the first time this year
Valli failed to get the Indians'
first six points.
Valli, however, was not to be
left out of the scoring. He
romped 12 yards for Stanford's
fourth touchdown, the first one
in the second half.
Valli is currently tied with end
Carl Isaacs for scoring honors;
each has four touchdowns and 24
points. A star halfback for the
1954 freshman team, Valli was
shifted to fullback a year ago in
spring practice.
Stanford's 1955 team was re
markably free of injuries. This
year things are different. Valli,
however, is just the reverse and
an unexpected blessing to the
Cards' coaching staff. As a soph
omore big things were expected
of Valli but a knee injury limited
his action to 27 minutes in three
games.
Eager to make up for lost time,
Valli is adequately holding down
the first-string fullback job. He

is second to Gordy Young among
the Stanford runners. Rushing
statistics show that Valli has car
ried the ball 30 times for 109
yards and a 3.6 average. In ad
dition he has caught nine passes
for 70 yards and one touchdown.
Because he is fast, clever and
has good running sense with all
around ability, Valli is usually
one of the deep men in punt and
kickoff situations. 'In this role
he has excelled. He is the lead
ing Card on kickoffs, returning
four 77 yards for a 24.3 average.
He has also fielded three punts
and returned them 42 yards for
a 14.0.


LOIJ VALLI
Tops in Scoring
When fullback Lou Valli failed
to score Stanford's first touch
down against San Jose State, it
marked the first time this year
Valli failed to get the Indians'
first six points.
Valli, however, was not to be
left out of the scoring. He
romped 12 yards for Stanford's
fourth touchdown, the first one
in the second half.
Valli is currently tied with end
Carl Isaacs for scoring honors;
each has four touchdowns and 24
points. A star halfback for the
1954 freshman team, Valli was
shifted to fullback a year ago in
spring practice.
Stanford's 1955 team was re
markably free of injuries. This
year things are different. Valli,
however, is just the reverse and
an unexpected blessing to the
Cards' coaching staff. As a soph
omore big things were expected
of Valli but a knee injury limited
his action to 27 minutes in three
games.
Eager to make up for lost time,
Valli is adequately holding down
the first-string fullback job. He

is second to Gordy Young among
the Stanford runners. Rushing
statistics show that Valli has car
ried the ball 30 times for 109
yards and a 3.6 average. In ad
dition he has caught nine passes
for 70 yards and one touchdown.
Because he is fast, clever and
has good running sense with all
around ability, Valli is usually
one of the deep men in punt and
kickoff situations. 'In this role
he has excelled. He is the lead
ing Card on kickoffs, returning
four 77 yards for a 24.3 average.
He has also fielded three punts
and returned them 42 yards for
a 14.0.


LOIJ VALLI
Tops in Scoring
When fullback Lou Valli failed
to score Stanford's first touch
down against San Jose State, it
marked the first time this year
Valli failed to get the Indians'
first six points.
Valli, however, was not to be
left out of the scoring. He
romped 12 yards for Stanford's
fourth touchdown, the first one
in the second half.
Valli is currently tied with end
Carl Isaacs for scoring honors;
each has four touchdowns and 24
points. A star halfback for the
1954 freshman team, Valli was
shifted to fullback a year ago in
spring practice.
Stanford's 1955 team was re
markably free of injuries. This
year things are different. Valli,
however, is just the reverse and
an unexpected blessing to the
Cards' coaching staff. As a soph
omore big things were expected
of Valli but a knee injury limited
his action to 27 minutes in three
games.
Eager to make up for lost time,
Valli is adequately holding down
the first-string fullback job. He

is second to Gordy Young among
the Stanford runners. Rushing
statistics show that Valli has car
ried the ball 30 times for 109
yards and a 3.6 average. In ad
dition he has caught nine passes
for 70 yards and one touchdown.
Because he is fast, clever and
has good running sense with all
around ability, Valli is usually
one of the deep men in punt and
kickoff situations. 'In this role
he has excelled. He is the lead
ing Card on kickoffs, returning
four 77 yards for a 24.3 average.
He has also fielded three punts
and returned them 42 yards for
a 14.0.


LOIJ VALLI
Tops in Scoring
When fullback Lou Valli failed
to score Stanford's first touch
down against San Jose State, it
marked the first time this year
Valli failed to get the Indians'
first six points.
Valli, however, was not to be
left out of the scoring. He
romped 12 yards for Stanford's
fourth touchdown, the first one
in the second half.
Valli is currently tied with end
Carl Isaacs for scoring honors;
each has four touchdowns and 24
points. A star halfback for the
1954 freshman team, Valli was
shifted to fullback a year ago in
spring practice.
Stanford's 1955 team was re
markably free of injuries. This
year things are different. Valli,
however, is just the reverse and
an unexpected blessing to the
Cards' coaching staff. As a soph
omore big things were expected
of Valli but a knee injury limited
his action to 27 minutes in three
games.
Eager to make up for lost time,
Valli is adequately holding down
the first-string fullback job. He

is second to Gordy Young among
the Stanford runners. Rushing
statistics show that Valli has car
ried the ball 30 times for 109
yards and a 3.6 average. In ad
dition he has caught nine passes
for 70 yards and one touchdown.
Because he is fast, clever and
has good running sense with all
around ability, Valli is usually
one of the deep men in punt and
kickoff situations. 'In this role
he has excelled. He is the lead
ing Card on kickoffs, returning
four 77 yards for a 24.3 average.
He has also fielded three punts
and returned them 42 yards for
a 14.0.


LOIJ VALLI
Tops in Scoring
When fullback Lou Valli failed
to score Stanford's first touch
down against San Jose State, it
marked the first time this year
Valli failed to get the Indians'
first six points.
Valli, however, was not to be
left out of the scoring. He
romped 12 yards for Stanford's
fourth touchdown, the first one
in the second half.
Valli is currently tied with end
Carl Isaacs for scoring honors;
each has four touchdowns and 24
points. A star halfback for the
1954 freshman team, Valli was
shifted to fullback a year ago in
spring practice.
Stanford's 1955 team was re
markably free of injuries. This
year things are different. Valli,
however, is just the reverse and
an unexpected blessing to the
Cards' coaching staff. As a soph
omore big things were expected
of Valli but a knee injury limited
his action to 27 minutes in three
games.
Eager to make up for lost time,
Valli is adequately holding down
the first-string fullback job. He

is second to Gordy Young among
the Stanford runners. Rushing
statistics show that Valli has car
ried the ball 30 times for 109
yards and a 3.6 average. In ad
dition he has caught nine passes
for 70 yards and one touchdown.
Because he is fast, clever and
has good running sense with all
around ability, Valli is usually
one of the deep men in punt and
kickoff situations. 'In this role
he has excelled. He is the lead
ing Card on kickoffs, returning
four 77 yards for a 24.3 average.
He has also fielded three punts
and returned them 42 yards for
a 14.0.


LOIJ VALLI
Tops in Scoring
When fullback Lou Valli failed
to score Stanford's first touch
down against San Jose State, it
marked the first time this year
Valli failed to get the Indians'
first six points.
Valli, however, was not to be
left out of the scoring. He
romped 12 yards for Stanford's
fourth touchdown, the first one
in the second half.
Valli is currently tied with end
Carl Isaacs for scoring honors;
each has four touchdowns and 24
points. A star halfback for the
1954 freshman team, Valli was
shifted to fullback a year ago in
spring practice.
Stanford's 1955 team was re
markably free of injuries. This
year things are different. Valli,
however, is just the reverse and
an unexpected blessing to the
Cards' coaching staff. As a soph
omore big things were expected
of Valli but a knee injury limited
his action to 27 minutes in three
games.
Eager to make up for lost time,
Valli is adequately holding down
the first-string fullback job. He

is second to Gordy Young among
the Stanford runners. Rushing
statistics show that Valli has car
ried the ball 30 times for 109
yards and a 3.6 average. In ad
dition he has caught nine passes
for 70 yards and one touchdown.
Because he is fast, clever and
has good running sense with all
around ability, Valli is usually
one of the deep men in punt and
kickoff situations. 'In this role
he has excelled. He is the lead
ing Card on kickoffs, returning
four 77 yards for a 24.3 average.
He has also fielded three punts
and returned them 42 yards for
a 14.0.


LOIJ VALLI
Tops in Scoring
When fullback Lou Valli failed
to score Stanford's first touch
down against San Jose State, it
marked the first time this year
Valli failed to get the Indians'
first six points.
Valli, however, was not to be
left out of the scoring. He
romped 12 yards for Stanford's
fourth touchdown, the first one
in the second half.
Valli is currently tied with end
Carl Isaacs for scoring honors;
each has four touchdowns and 24
points. A star halfback for the
1954 freshman team, Valli was
shifted to fullback a year ago in
spring practice.
Stanford's 1955 team was re
markably free of injuries. This
year things are different. Valli,
however, is just the reverse and
an unexpected blessing to the
Cards' coaching staff. As a soph
omore big things were expected
of Valli but a knee injury limited
his action to 27 minutes in three
games.
Eager to make up for lost time,
Valli is adequately holding down
the first-string fullback job. He

is second to Gordy Young among
the Stanford runners. Rushing
statistics show that Valli has car
ried the ball 30 times for 109
yards and a 3.6 average. In ad
dition he has caught nine passes
for 70 yards and one touchdown.
Because he is fast, clever and
has good running sense with all
around ability, Valli is usually
one of the deep men in punt and
kickoff situations. 'In this role
he has excelled. He is the lead
ing Card on kickoffs, returning
four 77 yards for a 24.3 average.
He has also fielded three punts
and returned them 42 yards for
a 14.0.


LOIJ VALLI
Tops in Scoring
When fullback Lou Valli failed
to score Stanford's first touch
down against San Jose State, it
marked the first time this year
Valli failed to get the Indians'
first six points.
Valli, however, was not to be
left out of the scoring. He
romped 12 yards for Stanford's
fourth touchdown, the first one
in the second half.
Valli is currently tied with end
Carl Isaacs for scoring honors;
each has four touchdowns and 24
points. A star halfback for the
1954 freshman team, Valli was
shifted to fullback a year ago in
spring practice.
Stanford's 1955 team was re
markably free of injuries. This
year things are different. Valli,
however, is just the reverse and
an unexpected blessing to the
Cards' coaching staff. As a soph
omore big things were expected
of Valli but a knee injury limited
his action to 27 minutes in three
games.
Eager to make up for lost time,
Valli is adequately holding down
the first-string fullback job. He

is second to Gordy Young among
the Stanford runners. Rushing
statistics show that Valli has car
ried the ball 30 times for 109
yards and a 3.6 average. In ad
dition he has caught nine passes
for 70 yards and one touchdown.
Because he is fast, clever and
has good running sense with all
around ability, Valli is usually
one of the deep men in punt and
kickoff situations. 'In this role
he has excelled. He is the lead
ing Card on kickoffs, returning
four 77 yards for a 24.3 average.
He has also fielded three punts
and returned them 42 yards for
a 14.0.


LOIJ VALLI
Tops in Scoring
When fullback Lou Valli failed
to score Stanford's first touch
down against San Jose State, it
marked the first time this year
Valli failed to get the Indians'
first six points.
Valli, however, was not to be
left out of the scoring. He
romped 12 yards for Stanford's
fourth touchdown, the first one
in the second half.
Valli is currently tied with end
Carl Isaacs for scoring honors;
each has four touchdowns and 24
points. A star halfback for the
1954 freshman team, Valli was
shifted to fullback a year ago in
spring practice.
Stanford's 1955 team was re
markably free of injuries. This
year things are different. Valli,
however, is just the reverse and
an unexpected blessing to the
Cards' coaching staff. As a soph
omore big things were expected
of Valli but a knee injury limited
his action to 27 minutes in three
games.
Eager to make up for lost time,
Valli is adequately holding down
the first-string fullback job. He

is second to Gordy Young among
the Stanford runners. Rushing
statistics show that Valli has car
ried the ball 30 times for 109
yards and a 3.6 average. In ad
dition he has caught nine passes
for 70 yards and one touchdown.
Because he is fast, clever and
has good running sense with all
around ability, Valli is usually
one of the deep men in punt and
kickoff situations. 'In this role
he has excelled. He is the lead
ing Card on kickoffs, returning
four 77 yards for a 24.3 average.
He has also fielded three punts
and returned them 42 yards for
a 14.0.


LOIJ VALLI
Tops in Scoring
When fullback Lou Valli failed
to score Stanford's first touch
down against San Jose State, it
marked the first time this year
Valli failed to get the Indians'
first six points.
Valli, however, was not to be
left out of the scoring. He
romped 12 yards for Stanford's
fourth touchdown, the first one
in the second half.
Valli is currently tied with end
Carl Isaacs for scoring honors;
each has four touchdowns and 24
points. A star halfback for the
1954 freshman team, Valli was
shifted to fullback a year ago in
spring practice.
Stanford's 1955 team was re
markably free of injuries. This
year things are different. Valli,
however, is just the reverse and
an unexpected blessing to the
Cards' coaching staff. As a soph
omore big things were expected
of Valli but a knee injury limited
his action to 27 minutes in three
games.
Eager to make up for lost time,
Valli is adequately holding down
the first-string fullback job. He

is second to Gordy Young among
the Stanford runners. Rushing
statistics show that Valli has car
ried the ball 30 times for 109
yards and a 3.6 average. In ad
dition he has caught nine passes
for 70 yards and one touchdown.
Because he is fast, clever and
has good running sense with all
around ability, Valli is usually
one of the deep men in punt and
kickoff situations. 'In this role
he has excelled. He is the lead
ing Card on kickoffs, returning
four 77 yards for a 24.3 average.
He has also fielded three punts
and returned them 42 yards for
a 14.0.


LOIJ VALLI
Tops in Scoring
When fullback Lou Valli failed
to score Stanford's first touch
down against San Jose State, it
marked the first time this year
Valli failed to get the Indians'
first six points.
Valli, however, was not to be
left out of the scoring. He
romped 12 yards for Stanford's
fourth touchdown, the first one
in the second half.
Valli is currently tied with end
Carl Isaacs for scoring honors;
each has four touchdowns and 24
points. A star halfback for the
1954 freshman team, Valli was
shifted to fullback a year ago in
spring practice.
Stanford's 1955 team was re
markably free of injuries. This
year things are different. Valli,
however, is just the reverse and
an unexpected blessing to the
Cards' coaching staff. As a soph
omore big things were expected
of Valli but a knee injury limited
his action to 27 minutes in three
games.
Eager to make up for lost time,
Valli is adequately holding down
the first-string fullback job. He

is second to Gordy Young among
the Stanford runners. Rushing
statistics show that Valli has car
ried the ball 30 times for 109
yards and a 3.6 average. In ad
dition he has caught nine passes
for 70 yards and one touchdown.
Because he is fast, clever and
has good running sense with all
around ability, Valli is usually
one of the deep men in punt and
kickoff situations. 'In this role
he has excelled. He is the lead
ing Card on kickoffs, returning
four 77 yards for a 24.3 average.
He has also fielded three punts
and returned them 42 yards for
a 14.0.


LOIJ VALLI
Tops in Scoring
When fullback Lou Valli failed
to score Stanford's first touch
down against San Jose State, it
marked the first time this year
Valli failed to get the Indians'
first six points.
Valli, however, was not to be
left out of the scoring. He
romped 12 yards for Stanford's
fourth touchdown, the first one
in the second half.
Valli is currently tied with end
Carl Isaacs for scoring honors;
each has four touchdowns and 24
points. A star halfback for the
1954 freshman team, Valli was
shifted to fullback a year ago in
spring practice.
Stanford's 1955 team was re
markably free of injuries. This
year things are different. Valli,
however, is just the reverse and
an unexpected blessing to the
Cards' coaching staff. As a soph
omore big things were expected
of Valli but a knee injury limited
his action to 27 minutes in three
games.
Eager to make up for lost time,
Valli is adequately holding down
the first-string fullback job. He

is second to Gordy Young among
the Stanford runners. Rushing
statistics show that Valli has car
ried the ball 30 times for 109
yards and a 3.6 average. In ad
dition he has caught nine passes
for 70 yards and one touchdown.
Because he is fast, clever and
has good running sense with all
around ability, Valli is usually
one of the deep men in punt and
kickoff situations. 'In this role
he has excelled. He is the lead
ing Card on kickoffs, returning
four 77 yards for a 24.3 average.
He has also fielded three punts
and returned them 42 yards for
a 14.0.


LOIJ VALLI
Tops in Scoring
When fullback Lou Valli failed
to score Stanford's first touch
down against San Jose State, it
marked the first time this year
Valli failed to get the Indians'
first six points.
Valli, however, was not to be
left out of the scoring. He
romped 12 yards for Stanford's
fourth touchdown, the first one
in the second half.
Valli is currently tied with end
Carl Isaacs for scoring honors;
each has four touchdowns and 24
points. A star halfback for the
1954 freshman team, Valli was
shifted to fullback a year ago in
spring practice.
Stanford's 1955 team was re
markably free of injuries. This
year things are different. Valli,
however, is just the reverse and
an unexpected blessing to the
Cards' coaching staff. As a soph
omore big things were expected
of Valli but a knee injury limited
his action to 27 minutes in three
games.
Eager to make up for lost time,
Valli is adequately holding down
the first-string fullback job. He

is second to Gordy Young among
the Stanford runners. Rushing
statistics show that Valli has car
ried the ball 30 times for 109
yards and a 3.6 average. In ad
dition he has caught nine passes
for 70 yards and one touchdown.
Because he is fast, clever and
has good running sense with all
around ability, Valli is usually
one of the deep men in punt and
kickoff situations. 'In this role
he has excelled. He is the lead
ing Card on kickoffs, returning
four 77 yards for a 24.3 average.
He has also fielded three punts
and returned them 42 yards for
a 14.0.


LOIJ VALLI
Tops in Scoring
When fullback Lou Valli failed
to score Stanford's first touch
down against San Jose State, it
marked the first time this year
Valli failed to get the Indians'
first six points.
Valli, however, was not to be
left out of the scoring. He
romped 12 yards for Stanford's
fourth touchdown, the first one
in the second half.
Valli is currently tied with end
Carl Isaacs for scoring honors;
each has four touchdowns and 24
points. A star halfback for the
1954 freshman team, Valli was
shifted to fullback a year ago in
spring practice.
Stanford's 1955 team was re
markably free of injuries. This
year things are different. Valli,
however, is just the reverse and
an unexpected blessing to the
Cards' coaching staff. As a soph
omore big things were expected
of Valli but a knee injury limited
his action to 27 minutes in three
games.
Eager to make up for lost time,
Valli is adequately holding down
the first-string fullback job. He

is second to Gordy Young among
the Stanford runners. Rushing
statistics show that Valli has car
ried the ball 30 times for 109
yards and a 3.6 average. In ad
dition he has caught nine passes
for 70 yards and one touchdown.
Because he is fast, clever and
has good running sense with all
around ability, Valli is usually
one of the deep men in punt and
kickoff situations. 'In this role
he has excelled. He is the lead
ing Card on kickoffs, returning
four 77 yards for a 24.3 average.
He has also fielded three punts
and returned them 42 yards for
a 14.0.


LOIJ VALLI
Tops in Scoring
