# Engineering Prof To Appear on TV
## 
### 
James M. Gere, of Stanford's
Department of Civil Engineering,
will be guest speaker on "Science
Calling" television program to
morrow at 2:30 p.m. on KPIX,
Channel 5.
Gere will discuss structural
principles of beam, truss and
arch suspension of Bay Area
bridges, using models and pic
tures of the new Richmond-San
Rafael bridge.
James M. Gere, of Stanford's
Department of Civil Engineering,
will be guest speaker on "Science
Calling" television program to
morrow at 2:30 p.m. on KPIX,
Channel 5.
Gere will discuss structural
principles of beam, truss and
arch suspension of Bay Area
bridges, using models and pic
tures of the new Richmond-San
Rafael bridge.
James M. Gere, of Stanford's
Department of Civil Engineering,
will be guest speaker on "Science
Calling" television program to
morrow at 2:30 p.m. on KPIX,
Channel 5.
Gere will discuss structural
principles of beam, truss and
arch suspension of Bay Area
bridges, using models and pic
tures of the new Richmond-San
Rafael bridge.
James M. Gere, of Stanford's
Department of Civil Engineering,
will be guest speaker on "Science
Calling" television program to
morrow at 2:30 p.m. on KPIX,
Channel 5.
Gere will discuss structural
principles of beam, truss and
arch suspension of Bay Area
bridges, using models and pic
tures of the new Richmond-San
Rafael bridge.
James M. Gere, of Stanford's
Department of Civil Engineering,
will be guest speaker on "Science
Calling" television program to
morrow at 2:30 p.m. on KPIX,
Channel 5.
Gere will discuss structural
principles of beam, truss and
arch suspension of Bay Area
bridges, using models and pic
tures of the new Richmond-San
Rafael bridge.
James M. Gere, of Stanford's
Department of Civil Engineering,
will be guest speaker on "Science
Calling" television program to
morrow at 2:30 p.m. on KPIX,
Channel 5.
Gere will discuss structural
principles of beam, truss and
arch suspension of Bay Area
bridges, using models and pic
tures of the new Richmond-San
Rafael bridge.
James M. Gere, of Stanford's
Department of Civil Engineering,
will be guest speaker on "Science
Calling" television program to
morrow at 2:30 p.m. on KPIX,
Channel 5.
Gere will discuss structural
principles of beam, truss and
arch suspension of Bay Area
bridges, using models and pic
tures of the new Richmond-San
Rafael bridge.
James M. Gere, of Stanford's
Department of Civil Engineering,
will be guest speaker on "Science
Calling" television program to
morrow at 2:30 p.m. on KPIX,
Channel 5.
Gere will discuss structural
principles of beam, truss and
arch suspension of Bay Area
bridges, using models and pic
tures of the new Richmond-San
Rafael bridge.
James M. Gere, of Stanford's
Department of Civil Engineering,
will be guest speaker on "Science
Calling" television program to
morrow at 2:30 p.m. on KPIX,
Channel 5.
Gere will discuss structural
principles of beam, truss and
arch suspension of Bay Area
bridges, using models and pic
tures of the new Richmond-San
Rafael bridge.
James M. Gere, of Stanford's
Department of Civil Engineering,
will be guest speaker on "Science
Calling" television program to
morrow at 2:30 p.m. on KPIX,
Channel 5.
Gere will discuss structural
principles of beam, truss and
arch suspension of Bay Area
bridges, using models and pic
tures of the new Richmond-San
Rafael bridge.
James M. Gere, of Stanford's
Department of Civil Engineering,
will be guest speaker on "Science
Calling" television program to
morrow at 2:30 p.m. on KPIX,
Channel 5.
Gere will discuss structural
principles of beam, truss and
arch suspension of Bay Area
bridges, using models and pic
tures of the new Richmond-San
Rafael bridge.
James M. Gere, of Stanford's
Department of Civil Engineering,
will be guest speaker on "Science
Calling" television program to
morrow at 2:30 p.m. on KPIX,
Channel 5.
Gere will discuss structural
principles of beam, truss and
arch suspension of Bay Area
bridges, using models and pic
tures of the new Richmond-San
Rafael bridge.
James M. Gere, of Stanford's
Department of Civil Engineering,
will be guest speaker on "Science
Calling" television program to
morrow at 2:30 p.m. on KPIX,
Channel 5.
Gere will discuss structural
principles of beam, truss and
arch suspension of Bay Area
bridges, using models and pic
tures of the new Richmond-San
Rafael bridge.
James M. Gere, of Stanford's
Department of Civil Engineering,
will be guest speaker on "Science
Calling" television program to
morrow at 2:30 p.m. on KPIX,
Channel 5.
Gere will discuss structural
principles of beam, truss and
arch suspension of Bay Area
bridges, using models and pic
tures of the new Richmond-San
Rafael bridge.
James M. Gere, of Stanford's
Department of Civil Engineering,
will be guest speaker on "Science
Calling" television program to
morrow at 2:30 p.m. on KPIX,
Channel 5.
Gere will discuss structural
principles of beam, truss and
arch suspension of Bay Area
bridges, using models and pic
tures of the new Richmond-San
Rafael bridge.
James M. Gere, of Stanford's
Department of Civil Engineering,
will be guest speaker on "Science
Calling" television program to
morrow at 2:30 p.m. on KPIX,
Channel 5.
Gere will discuss structural
principles of beam, truss and
arch suspension of Bay Area
bridges, using models and pic
tures of the new Richmond-San
Rafael bridge.
