# Vaccination Slips Due Next Tuesday
## 
### 
Vaccination certificates are due
in the Registrar's ' Office Tues
day, officials said today.
Certificates.filed between Tues
day and Oct. 31 will draw u $2
fine, while if they are not filed
by Oct. 31, registration will be
subject t(» cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due
in the Registrar's ' Office Tues
day, officials said today.
Certificates.filed between Tues
day and Oct. 31 will draw u $2
fine, while if they are not filed
by Oct. 31, registration will be
subject t(» cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due
in the Registrar's ' Office Tues
day, officials said today.
Certificates.filed between Tues
day and Oct. 31 will draw u $2
fine, while if they are not filed
by Oct. 31, registration will be
subject t(» cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due
in the Registrar's ' Office Tues
day, officials said today.
Certificates.filed between Tues
day and Oct. 31 will draw u $2
fine, while if they are not filed
by Oct. 31, registration will be
subject t(» cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due
in the Registrar's ' Office Tues
day, officials said today.
Certificates.filed between Tues
day and Oct. 31 will draw u $2
fine, while if they are not filed
by Oct. 31, registration will be
subject t(» cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due
in the Registrar's ' Office Tues
day, officials said today.
Certificates.filed between Tues
day and Oct. 31 will draw u $2
fine, while if they are not filed
by Oct. 31, registration will be
subject t(» cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due
in the Registrar's ' Office Tues
day, officials said today.
Certificates.filed between Tues
day and Oct. 31 will draw u $2
fine, while if they are not filed
by Oct. 31, registration will be
subject t(» cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due
in the Registrar's ' Office Tues
day, officials said today.
Certificates.filed between Tues
day and Oct. 31 will draw u $2
fine, while if they are not filed
by Oct. 31, registration will be
subject t(» cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due
in the Registrar's ' Office Tues
day, officials said today.
Certificates.filed between Tues
day and Oct. 31 will draw u $2
fine, while if they are not filed
by Oct. 31, registration will be
subject t(» cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due
in the Registrar's ' Office Tues
day, officials said today.
Certificates.filed between Tues
day and Oct. 31 will draw u $2
fine, while if they are not filed
by Oct. 31, registration will be
subject t(» cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due
in the Registrar's ' Office Tues
day, officials said today.
Certificates.filed between Tues
day and Oct. 31 will draw u $2
fine, while if they are not filed
by Oct. 31, registration will be
subject t(» cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due
in the Registrar's ' Office Tues
day, officials said today.
Certificates.filed between Tues
day and Oct. 31 will draw u $2
fine, while if they are not filed
by Oct. 31, registration will be
subject t(» cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due
in the Registrar's ' Office Tues
day, officials said today.
Certificates.filed between Tues
day and Oct. 31 will draw u $2
fine, while if they are not filed
by Oct. 31, registration will be
subject t(» cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due
in the Registrar's ' Office Tues
day, officials said today.
Certificates.filed between Tues
day and Oct. 31 will draw u $2
fine, while if they are not filed
by Oct. 31, registration will be
subject t(» cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due
in the Registrar's ' Office Tues
day, officials said today.
Certificates.filed between Tues
day and Oct. 31 will draw u $2
fine, while if they are not filed
by Oct. 31, registration will be
subject t(» cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due
in the Registrar's ' Office Tues
day, officials said today.
Certificates.filed between Tues
day and Oct. 31 will draw u $2
fine, while if they are not filed
by Oct. 31, registration will be
subject t(» cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
