# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Santa Clara fans will show their
loyalty to the Red and White tonight
by a monster bonfire rally when the
mission varsity will he announced.
Art Smith and K. C. R are included
among the speakers.
Santa Clara fans will show their
loyalty to the Red and White tonight
by a monster bonfire rally when the
mission varsity will he announced.
Art Smith and K. C. R are included
among the speakers.
Santa Clara fans will show their
loyalty to the Red and White tonight
by a monster bonfire rally when the
mission varsity will he announced.
Art Smith and K. C. R are included
among the speakers.
Santa Clara fans will show their
loyalty to the Red and White tonight
by a monster bonfire rally when the
mission varsity will he announced.
Art Smith and K. C. R are included
among the speakers.
Santa Clara fans will show their
loyalty to the Red and White tonight
by a monster bonfire rally when the
mission varsity will he announced.
Art Smith and K. C. R are included
among the speakers.
Santa Clara fans will show their
loyalty to the Red and White tonight
by a monster bonfire rally when the
mission varsity will he announced.
Art Smith and K. C. R are included
among the speakers.
Santa Clara fans will show their
loyalty to the Red and White tonight
by a monster bonfire rally when the
mission varsity will he announced.
Art Smith and K. C. R are included
among the speakers.
Santa Clara fans will show their
loyalty to the Red and White tonight
by a monster bonfire rally when the
mission varsity will he announced.
Art Smith and K. C. R are included
among the speakers.
Santa Clara fans will show their
loyalty to the Red and White tonight
by a monster bonfire rally when the
mission varsity will he announced.
Art Smith and K. C. R are included
among the speakers.
Santa Clara fans will show their
loyalty to the Red and White tonight
by a monster bonfire rally when the
mission varsity will he announced.
Art Smith and K. C. R are included
among the speakers.
Santa Clara fans will show their
loyalty to the Red and White tonight
by a monster bonfire rally when the
mission varsity will he announced.
Art Smith and K. C. R are included
among the speakers.
Santa Clara fans will show their
loyalty to the Red and White tonight
by a monster bonfire rally when the
mission varsity will he announced.
Art Smith and K. C. R are included
among the speakers.
Santa Clara fans will show their
loyalty to the Red and White tonight
by a monster bonfire rally when the
mission varsity will he announced.
Art Smith and K. C. R are included
among the speakers.
