# GOLFERS URGED TO FINISH TOURNAMENT
## 
### 
All men with matches yet to play in
the University golf tournament are
urged by Varsity Manager "Nick" Car
ter to meet their opponents as soon
as possible, in order that the competi
tion may be concluded and the prizes
awarded.
Tentative plans are on foot for a
Pacific Coast Intercollegiate Golf
Championship to be held at Del Monte
in the latter part of February. A simi
lar tourney was staged last February.
All men with matches yet to play in
the University golf tournament are
urged by Varsity Manager "Nick" Car
ter to meet their opponents as soon
as possible, in order that the competi
tion may be concluded and the prizes
awarded.
Tentative plans are on foot for a
Pacific Coast Intercollegiate Golf
Championship to be held at Del Monte
in the latter part of February. A simi
lar tourney was staged last February.
All men with matches yet to play in
the University golf tournament are
urged by Varsity Manager "Nick" Car
ter to meet their opponents as soon
as possible, in order that the competi
tion may be concluded and the prizes
awarded.
Tentative plans are on foot for a
Pacific Coast Intercollegiate Golf
Championship to be held at Del Monte
in the latter part of February. A simi
lar tourney was staged last February.
All men with matches yet to play in
the University golf tournament are
urged by Varsity Manager "Nick" Car
ter to meet their opponents as soon
as possible, in order that the competi
tion may be concluded and the prizes
awarded.
Tentative plans are on foot for a
Pacific Coast Intercollegiate Golf
Championship to be held at Del Monte
in the latter part of February. A simi
lar tourney was staged last February.
All men with matches yet to play in
the University golf tournament are
urged by Varsity Manager "Nick" Car
ter to meet their opponents as soon
as possible, in order that the competi
tion may be concluded and the prizes
awarded.
Tentative plans are on foot for a
Pacific Coast Intercollegiate Golf
Championship to be held at Del Monte
in the latter part of February. A simi
lar tourney was staged last February.
All men with matches yet to play in
the University golf tournament are
urged by Varsity Manager "Nick" Car
ter to meet their opponents as soon
as possible, in order that the competi
tion may be concluded and the prizes
awarded.
Tentative plans are on foot for a
Pacific Coast Intercollegiate Golf
Championship to be held at Del Monte
in the latter part of February. A simi
lar tourney was staged last February.
All men with matches yet to play in
the University golf tournament are
urged by Varsity Manager "Nick" Car
ter to meet their opponents as soon
as possible, in order that the competi
tion may be concluded and the prizes
awarded.
Tentative plans are on foot for a
Pacific Coast Intercollegiate Golf
Championship to be held at Del Monte
in the latter part of February. A simi
lar tourney was staged last February.
All men with matches yet to play in
the University golf tournament are
urged by Varsity Manager "Nick" Car
ter to meet their opponents as soon
as possible, in order that the competi
tion may be concluded and the prizes
awarded.
Tentative plans are on foot for a
Pacific Coast Intercollegiate Golf
Championship to be held at Del Monte
in the latter part of February. A simi
lar tourney was staged last February.
All men with matches yet to play in
the University golf tournament are
urged by Varsity Manager "Nick" Car
ter to meet their opponents as soon
as possible, in order that the competi
tion may be concluded and the prizes
awarded.
Tentative plans are on foot for a
Pacific Coast Intercollegiate Golf
Championship to be held at Del Monte
in the latter part of February. A simi
lar tourney was staged last February.
All men with matches yet to play in
the University golf tournament are
urged by Varsity Manager "Nick" Car
ter to meet their opponents as soon
as possible, in order that the competi
tion may be concluded and the prizes
awarded.
Tentative plans are on foot for a
Pacific Coast Intercollegiate Golf
Championship to be held at Del Monte
in the latter part of February. A simi
lar tourney was staged last February.
All men with matches yet to play in
the University golf tournament are
urged by Varsity Manager "Nick" Car
ter to meet their opponents as soon
as possible, in order that the competi
tion may be concluded and the prizes
awarded.
Tentative plans are on foot for a
Pacific Coast Intercollegiate Golf
Championship to be held at Del Monte
in the latter part of February. A simi
lar tourney was staged last February.
All men with matches yet to play in
the University golf tournament are
urged by Varsity Manager "Nick" Car
ter to meet their opponents as soon
as possible, in order that the competi
tion may be concluded and the prizes
awarded.
Tentative plans are on foot for a
Pacific Coast Intercollegiate Golf
Championship to be held at Del Monte
in the latter part of February. A simi
lar tourney was staged last February.
All men with matches yet to play in
the University golf tournament are
urged by Varsity Manager "Nick" Car
ter to meet their opponents as soon
as possible, in order that the competi
tion may be concluded and the prizes
awarded.
Tentative plans are on foot for a
Pacific Coast Intercollegiate Golf
Championship to be held at Del Monte
in the latter part of February. A simi
lar tourney was staged last February.
All men with matches yet to play in
the University golf tournament are
urged by Varsity Manager "Nick" Car
ter to meet their opponents as soon
as possible, in order that the competi
tion may be concluded and the prizes
awarded.
Tentative plans are on foot for a
Pacific Coast Intercollegiate Golf
Championship to be held at Del Monte
in the latter part of February. A simi
lar tourney was staged last February.
All men with matches yet to play in
the University golf tournament are
urged by Varsity Manager "Nick" Car
ter to meet their opponents as soon
as possible, in order that the competi
tion may be concluded and the prizes
awarded.
Tentative plans are on foot for a
Pacific Coast Intercollegiate Golf
Championship to be held at Del Monte
in the latter part of February. A simi
lar tourney was staged last February.
