# Tryouts
## 
### 
IIU
Interviews for the Institute of
International Relations delega
tion to the University of Califor
nia's World Affairs Conference
will be held today through Thurs
day at 5 p.m. in the lIR Shack.
Applicants should see Peggy
Teller at interview times.
SEQUOIA
Tryouts will be held this week
for positions on the Sequoia edi
torial staff which will work in
conjunction with the editorial

board on page layout, editing,
criticism, art work and other
phases of publishing the maga
zine.
Interviews will also be held for
next year's business manager.
Students interested should go
to the Sequoia office today, Wed
nesday or Friday from 2 to 5
p.m. or Wednesday or Friday
from 4 to 5:30 p.m.
IIU
Interviews for the Institute of
International Relations delega
tion to the University of Califor
nia's World Affairs Conference
will be held today through Thurs
day at 5 p.m. in the lIR Shack.
Applicants should see Peggy
Teller at interview times.
SEQUOIA
Tryouts will be held this week
for positions on the Sequoia edi
torial staff which will work in
conjunction with the editorial

board on page layout, editing,
criticism, art work and other
phases of publishing the maga
zine.
Interviews will also be held for
next year's business manager.
Students interested should go
to the Sequoia office today, Wed
nesday or Friday from 2 to 5
p.m. or Wednesday or Friday
from 4 to 5:30 p.m.
IIU
Interviews for the Institute of
International Relations delega
tion to the University of Califor
nia's World Affairs Conference
will be held today through Thurs
day at 5 p.m. in the lIR Shack.
Applicants should see Peggy
Teller at interview times.
SEQUOIA
Tryouts will be held this week
for positions on the Sequoia edi
torial staff which will work in
conjunction with the editorial

board on page layout, editing,
criticism, art work and other
phases of publishing the maga
zine.
Interviews will also be held for
next year's business manager.
Students interested should go
to the Sequoia office today, Wed
nesday or Friday from 2 to 5
p.m. or Wednesday or Friday
from 4 to 5:30 p.m.
IIU
Interviews for the Institute of
International Relations delega
tion to the University of Califor
nia's World Affairs Conference
will be held today through Thurs
day at 5 p.m. in the lIR Shack.
Applicants should see Peggy
Teller at interview times.
SEQUOIA
Tryouts will be held this week
for positions on the Sequoia edi
torial staff which will work in
conjunction with the editorial

board on page layout, editing,
criticism, art work and other
phases of publishing the maga
zine.
Interviews will also be held for
next year's business manager.
Students interested should go
to the Sequoia office today, Wed
nesday or Friday from 2 to 5
p.m. or Wednesday or Friday
from 4 to 5:30 p.m.
IIU
Interviews for the Institute of
International Relations delega
tion to the University of Califor
nia's World Affairs Conference
will be held today through Thurs
day at 5 p.m. in the lIR Shack.
Applicants should see Peggy
Teller at interview times.
SEQUOIA
Tryouts will be held this week
for positions on the Sequoia edi
torial staff which will work in
conjunction with the editorial

board on page layout, editing,
criticism, art work and other
phases of publishing the maga
zine.
Interviews will also be held for
next year's business manager.
Students interested should go
to the Sequoia office today, Wed
nesday or Friday from 2 to 5
p.m. or Wednesday or Friday
from 4 to 5:30 p.m.
IIU
Interviews for the Institute of
International Relations delega
tion to the University of Califor
nia's World Affairs Conference
will be held today through Thurs
day at 5 p.m. in the lIR Shack.
Applicants should see Peggy
Teller at interview times.
SEQUOIA
Tryouts will be held this week
for positions on the Sequoia edi
torial staff which will work in
conjunction with the editorial

board on page layout, editing,
criticism, art work and other
phases of publishing the maga
zine.
Interviews will also be held for
next year's business manager.
Students interested should go
to the Sequoia office today, Wed
nesday or Friday from 2 to 5
p.m. or Wednesday or Friday
from 4 to 5:30 p.m.
IIU
Interviews for the Institute of
International Relations delega
tion to the University of Califor
nia's World Affairs Conference
will be held today through Thurs
day at 5 p.m. in the lIR Shack.
Applicants should see Peggy
Teller at interview times.
SEQUOIA
Tryouts will be held this week
for positions on the Sequoia edi
torial staff which will work in
conjunction with the editorial

board on page layout, editing,
criticism, art work and other
phases of publishing the maga
zine.
Interviews will also be held for
next year's business manager.
Students interested should go
to the Sequoia office today, Wed
nesday or Friday from 2 to 5
p.m. or Wednesday or Friday
from 4 to 5:30 p.m.
IIU
Interviews for the Institute of
International Relations delega
tion to the University of Califor
nia's World Affairs Conference
will be held today through Thurs
day at 5 p.m. in the lIR Shack.
Applicants should see Peggy
Teller at interview times.
SEQUOIA
Tryouts will be held this week
for positions on the Sequoia edi
torial staff which will work in
conjunction with the editorial

board on page layout, editing,
criticism, art work and other
phases of publishing the maga
zine.
Interviews will also be held for
next year's business manager.
Students interested should go
to the Sequoia office today, Wed
nesday or Friday from 2 to 5
p.m. or Wednesday or Friday
from 4 to 5:30 p.m.
IIU
Interviews for the Institute of
International Relations delega
tion to the University of Califor
nia's World Affairs Conference
will be held today through Thurs
day at 5 p.m. in the lIR Shack.
Applicants should see Peggy
Teller at interview times.
SEQUOIA
Tryouts will be held this week
for positions on the Sequoia edi
torial staff which will work in
conjunction with the editorial

board on page layout, editing,
criticism, art work and other
phases of publishing the maga
zine.
Interviews will also be held for
next year's business manager.
Students interested should go
to the Sequoia office today, Wed
nesday or Friday from 2 to 5
p.m. or Wednesday or Friday
from 4 to 5:30 p.m.
IIU
Interviews for the Institute of
International Relations delega
tion to the University of Califor
nia's World Affairs Conference
will be held today through Thurs
day at 5 p.m. in the lIR Shack.
Applicants should see Peggy
Teller at interview times.
SEQUOIA
Tryouts will be held this week
for positions on the Sequoia edi
torial staff which will work in
conjunction with the editorial

board on page layout, editing,
criticism, art work and other
phases of publishing the maga
zine.
Interviews will also be held for
next year's business manager.
Students interested should go
to the Sequoia office today, Wed
nesday or Friday from 2 to 5
p.m. or Wednesday or Friday
from 4 to 5:30 p.m.
IIU
Interviews for the Institute of
International Relations delega
tion to the University of Califor
nia's World Affairs Conference
will be held today through Thurs
day at 5 p.m. in the lIR Shack.
Applicants should see Peggy
Teller at interview times.
SEQUOIA
Tryouts will be held this week
for positions on the Sequoia edi
torial staff which will work in
conjunction with the editorial

board on page layout, editing,
criticism, art work and other
phases of publishing the maga
zine.
Interviews will also be held for
next year's business manager.
Students interested should go
to the Sequoia office today, Wed
nesday or Friday from 2 to 5
p.m. or Wednesday or Friday
from 4 to 5:30 p.m.
IIU
Interviews for the Institute of
International Relations delega
tion to the University of Califor
nia's World Affairs Conference
will be held today through Thurs
day at 5 p.m. in the lIR Shack.
Applicants should see Peggy
Teller at interview times.
SEQUOIA
Tryouts will be held this week
for positions on the Sequoia edi
torial staff which will work in
conjunction with the editorial

board on page layout, editing,
criticism, art work and other
phases of publishing the maga
zine.
Interviews will also be held for
next year's business manager.
Students interested should go
to the Sequoia office today, Wed
nesday or Friday from 2 to 5
p.m. or Wednesday or Friday
from 4 to 5:30 p.m.
IIU
Interviews for the Institute of
International Relations delega
tion to the University of Califor
nia's World Affairs Conference
will be held today through Thurs
day at 5 p.m. in the lIR Shack.
Applicants should see Peggy
Teller at interview times.
SEQUOIA
Tryouts will be held this week
for positions on the Sequoia edi
torial staff which will work in
conjunction with the editorial

board on page layout, editing,
criticism, art work and other
phases of publishing the maga
zine.
Interviews will also be held for
next year's business manager.
Students interested should go
to the Sequoia office today, Wed
nesday or Friday from 2 to 5
p.m. or Wednesday or Friday
from 4 to 5:30 p.m.
IIU
Interviews for the Institute of
International Relations delega
tion to the University of Califor
nia's World Affairs Conference
will be held today through Thurs
day at 5 p.m. in the lIR Shack.
Applicants should see Peggy
Teller at interview times.
SEQUOIA
Tryouts will be held this week
for positions on the Sequoia edi
torial staff which will work in
conjunction with the editorial

board on page layout, editing,
criticism, art work and other
phases of publishing the maga
zine.
Interviews will also be held for
next year's business manager.
Students interested should go
to the Sequoia office today, Wed
nesday or Friday from 2 to 5
p.m. or Wednesday or Friday
from 4 to 5:30 p.m.
IIU
Interviews for the Institute of
International Relations delega
tion to the University of Califor
nia's World Affairs Conference
will be held today through Thurs
day at 5 p.m. in the lIR Shack.
Applicants should see Peggy
Teller at interview times.
SEQUOIA
Tryouts will be held this week
for positions on the Sequoia edi
torial staff which will work in
conjunction with the editorial

board on page layout, editing,
criticism, art work and other
phases of publishing the maga
zine.
Interviews will also be held for
next year's business manager.
Students interested should go
to the Sequoia office today, Wed
nesday or Friday from 2 to 5
p.m. or Wednesday or Friday
from 4 to 5:30 p.m.
IIU
Interviews for the Institute of
International Relations delega
tion to the University of Califor
nia's World Affairs Conference
will be held today through Thurs
day at 5 p.m. in the lIR Shack.
Applicants should see Peggy
Teller at interview times.
SEQUOIA
Tryouts will be held this week
for positions on the Sequoia edi
torial staff which will work in
conjunction with the editorial

board on page layout, editing,
criticism, art work and other
phases of publishing the maga
zine.
Interviews will also be held for
next year's business manager.
Students interested should go
to the Sequoia office today, Wed
nesday or Friday from 2 to 5
p.m. or Wednesday or Friday
from 4 to 5:30 p.m.
IIU
Interviews for the Institute of
International Relations delega
tion to the University of Califor
nia's World Affairs Conference
will be held today through Thurs
day at 5 p.m. in the lIR Shack.
Applicants should see Peggy
Teller at interview times.
SEQUOIA
Tryouts will be held this week
for positions on the Sequoia edi
torial staff which will work in
conjunction with the editorial

board on page layout, editing,
criticism, art work and other
phases of publishing the maga
zine.
Interviews will also be held for
next year's business manager.
Students interested should go
to the Sequoia office today, Wed
nesday or Friday from 2 to 5
p.m. or Wednesday or Friday
from 4 to 5:30 p.m.
