# Keio Scholarship Offered
## 
### 
Students may still apply for
next year's ASSU scholarship to
Keio University in Japan.
The recipient of the award will
spend one year studying in Japan
under an exchange program be
tween Stanford and Keio. Tui
tion, room and board and minor
living expenses will be covered.
There is no language require
ment, and the student may be ei
ther a graduate or undergradu
ate. He must spend the year fol
lowing his stay in Japan at Stan
ford in order to give other stu

dents the benefit of his experi
ences.
Application blanks are avail
able at the ASSU office and must
be returned there by Friday
noon. Anyone wishing additional
information may contact Ayako
Omura at Roble after 7 p.m.
Students may still apply for
next year's ASSU scholarship to
Keio University in Japan.
The recipient of the award will
spend one year studying in Japan
under an exchange program be
tween Stanford and Keio. Tui
tion, room and board and minor
living expenses will be covered.
There is no language require
ment, and the student may be ei
ther a graduate or undergradu
ate. He must spend the year fol
lowing his stay in Japan at Stan
ford in order to give other stu

dents the benefit of his experi
ences.
Application blanks are avail
able at the ASSU office and must
be returned there by Friday
noon. Anyone wishing additional
information may contact Ayako
Omura at Roble after 7 p.m.
Students may still apply for
next year's ASSU scholarship to
Keio University in Japan.
The recipient of the award will
spend one year studying in Japan
under an exchange program be
tween Stanford and Keio. Tui
tion, room and board and minor
living expenses will be covered.
There is no language require
ment, and the student may be ei
ther a graduate or undergradu
ate. He must spend the year fol
lowing his stay in Japan at Stan
ford in order to give other stu

dents the benefit of his experi
ences.
Application blanks are avail
able at the ASSU office and must
be returned there by Friday
noon. Anyone wishing additional
information may contact Ayako
Omura at Roble after 7 p.m.
Students may still apply for
next year's ASSU scholarship to
Keio University in Japan.
The recipient of the award will
spend one year studying in Japan
under an exchange program be
tween Stanford and Keio. Tui
tion, room and board and minor
living expenses will be covered.
There is no language require
ment, and the student may be ei
ther a graduate or undergradu
ate. He must spend the year fol
lowing his stay in Japan at Stan
ford in order to give other stu

dents the benefit of his experi
ences.
Application blanks are avail
able at the ASSU office and must
be returned there by Friday
noon. Anyone wishing additional
information may contact Ayako
Omura at Roble after 7 p.m.
Students may still apply for
next year's ASSU scholarship to
Keio University in Japan.
The recipient of the award will
spend one year studying in Japan
under an exchange program be
tween Stanford and Keio. Tui
tion, room and board and minor
living expenses will be covered.
There is no language require
ment, and the student may be ei
ther a graduate or undergradu
ate. He must spend the year fol
lowing his stay in Japan at Stan
ford in order to give other stu

dents the benefit of his experi
ences.
Application blanks are avail
able at the ASSU office and must
be returned there by Friday
noon. Anyone wishing additional
information may contact Ayako
Omura at Roble after 7 p.m.
Students may still apply for
next year's ASSU scholarship to
Keio University in Japan.
The recipient of the award will
spend one year studying in Japan
under an exchange program be
tween Stanford and Keio. Tui
tion, room and board and minor
living expenses will be covered.
There is no language require
ment, and the student may be ei
ther a graduate or undergradu
ate. He must spend the year fol
lowing his stay in Japan at Stan
ford in order to give other stu

dents the benefit of his experi
ences.
Application blanks are avail
able at the ASSU office and must
be returned there by Friday
noon. Anyone wishing additional
information may contact Ayako
Omura at Roble after 7 p.m.
Students may still apply for
next year's ASSU scholarship to
Keio University in Japan.
The recipient of the award will
spend one year studying in Japan
under an exchange program be
tween Stanford and Keio. Tui
tion, room and board and minor
living expenses will be covered.
There is no language require
ment, and the student may be ei
ther a graduate or undergradu
ate. He must spend the year fol
lowing his stay in Japan at Stan
ford in order to give other stu

dents the benefit of his experi
ences.
Application blanks are avail
able at the ASSU office and must
be returned there by Friday
noon. Anyone wishing additional
information may contact Ayako
Omura at Roble after 7 p.m.
Students may still apply for
next year's ASSU scholarship to
Keio University in Japan.
The recipient of the award will
spend one year studying in Japan
under an exchange program be
tween Stanford and Keio. Tui
tion, room and board and minor
living expenses will be covered.
There is no language require
ment, and the student may be ei
ther a graduate or undergradu
ate. He must spend the year fol
lowing his stay in Japan at Stan
ford in order to give other stu

dents the benefit of his experi
ences.
Application blanks are avail
able at the ASSU office and must
be returned there by Friday
noon. Anyone wishing additional
information may contact Ayako
Omura at Roble after 7 p.m.
Students may still apply for
next year's ASSU scholarship to
Keio University in Japan.
The recipient of the award will
spend one year studying in Japan
under an exchange program be
tween Stanford and Keio. Tui
tion, room and board and minor
living expenses will be covered.
There is no language require
ment, and the student may be ei
ther a graduate or undergradu
ate. He must spend the year fol
lowing his stay in Japan at Stan
ford in order to give other stu

dents the benefit of his experi
ences.
Application blanks are avail
able at the ASSU office and must
be returned there by Friday
noon. Anyone wishing additional
information may contact Ayako
Omura at Roble after 7 p.m.
Students may still apply for
next year's ASSU scholarship to
Keio University in Japan.
The recipient of the award will
spend one year studying in Japan
under an exchange program be
tween Stanford and Keio. Tui
tion, room and board and minor
living expenses will be covered.
There is no language require
ment, and the student may be ei
ther a graduate or undergradu
ate. He must spend the year fol
lowing his stay in Japan at Stan
ford in order to give other stu

dents the benefit of his experi
ences.
Application blanks are avail
able at the ASSU office and must
be returned there by Friday
noon. Anyone wishing additional
information may contact Ayako
Omura at Roble after 7 p.m.
Students may still apply for
next year's ASSU scholarship to
Keio University in Japan.
The recipient of the award will
spend one year studying in Japan
under an exchange program be
tween Stanford and Keio. Tui
tion, room and board and minor
living expenses will be covered.
There is no language require
ment, and the student may be ei
ther a graduate or undergradu
ate. He must spend the year fol
lowing his stay in Japan at Stan
ford in order to give other stu

dents the benefit of his experi
ences.
Application blanks are avail
able at the ASSU office and must
be returned there by Friday
noon. Anyone wishing additional
information may contact Ayako
Omura at Roble after 7 p.m.
Students may still apply for
next year's ASSU scholarship to
Keio University in Japan.
The recipient of the award will
spend one year studying in Japan
under an exchange program be
tween Stanford and Keio. Tui
tion, room and board and minor
living expenses will be covered.
There is no language require
ment, and the student may be ei
ther a graduate or undergradu
ate. He must spend the year fol
lowing his stay in Japan at Stan
ford in order to give other stu

dents the benefit of his experi
ences.
Application blanks are avail
able at the ASSU office and must
be returned there by Friday
noon. Anyone wishing additional
information may contact Ayako
Omura at Roble after 7 p.m.
Students may still apply for
next year's ASSU scholarship to
Keio University in Japan.
The recipient of the award will
spend one year studying in Japan
under an exchange program be
tween Stanford and Keio. Tui
tion, room and board and minor
living expenses will be covered.
There is no language require
ment, and the student may be ei
ther a graduate or undergradu
ate. He must spend the year fol
lowing his stay in Japan at Stan
ford in order to give other stu

dents the benefit of his experi
ences.
Application blanks are avail
able at the ASSU office and must
be returned there by Friday
noon. Anyone wishing additional
information may contact Ayako
Omura at Roble after 7 p.m.
Students may still apply for
next year's ASSU scholarship to
Keio University in Japan.
The recipient of the award will
spend one year studying in Japan
under an exchange program be
tween Stanford and Keio. Tui
tion, room and board and minor
living expenses will be covered.
There is no language require
ment, and the student may be ei
ther a graduate or undergradu
ate. He must spend the year fol
lowing his stay in Japan at Stan
ford in order to give other stu

dents the benefit of his experi
ences.
Application blanks are avail
able at the ASSU office and must
be returned there by Friday
noon. Anyone wishing additional
information may contact Ayako
Omura at Roble after 7 p.m.
Students may still apply for
next year's ASSU scholarship to
Keio University in Japan.
The recipient of the award will
spend one year studying in Japan
under an exchange program be
tween Stanford and Keio. Tui
tion, room and board and minor
living expenses will be covered.
There is no language require
ment, and the student may be ei
ther a graduate or undergradu
ate. He must spend the year fol
lowing his stay in Japan at Stan
ford in order to give other stu

dents the benefit of his experi
ences.
Application blanks are avail
able at the ASSU office and must
be returned there by Friday
noon. Anyone wishing additional
information may contact Ayako
Omura at Roble after 7 p.m.
Students may still apply for
next year's ASSU scholarship to
Keio University in Japan.
The recipient of the award will
spend one year studying in Japan
under an exchange program be
tween Stanford and Keio. Tui
tion, room and board and minor
living expenses will be covered.
There is no language require
ment, and the student may be ei
ther a graduate or undergradu
ate. He must spend the year fol
lowing his stay in Japan at Stan
ford in order to give other stu

dents the benefit of his experi
ences.
Application blanks are avail
able at the ASSU office and must
be returned there by Friday
noon. Anyone wishing additional
information may contact Ayako
Omura at Roble after 7 p.m.
Students may still apply for
next year's ASSU scholarship to
Keio University in Japan.
The recipient of the award will
spend one year studying in Japan
under an exchange program be
tween Stanford and Keio. Tui
tion, room and board and minor
living expenses will be covered.
There is no language require
ment, and the student may be ei
ther a graduate or undergradu
ate. He must spend the year fol
lowing his stay in Japan at Stan
ford in order to give other stu

dents the benefit of his experi
ences.
Application blanks are avail
able at the ASSU office and must
be returned there by Friday
noon. Anyone wishing additional
information may contact Ayako
Omura at Roble after 7 p.m.
