# Reception Next Friday.
## 
### 
The Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A.
will give a reception next Friday
evening at eight in Roble Hall to
the students of the University.
One of the features of the program
will be the presentation of "Mrs.
Jarley's Wax Works" by eight
University students. Various fa
mous characters will be under the
care of "Mrs. Jarley," who will
talk about them to the people
present. Considerable work is be
ing done to make the affair success
ful.
The Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A.
will give a reception next Friday
evening at eight in Roble Hall to
the students of the University.
One of the features of the program
will be the presentation of "Mrs.
Jarley's Wax Works" by eight
University students. Various fa
mous characters will be under the
care of "Mrs. Jarley," who will
talk about them to the people
present. Considerable work is be
ing done to make the affair success
ful.
The Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A.
will give a reception next Friday
evening at eight in Roble Hall to
the students of the University.
One of the features of the program
will be the presentation of "Mrs.
Jarley's Wax Works" by eight
University students. Various fa
mous characters will be under the
care of "Mrs. Jarley," who will
talk about them to the people
present. Considerable work is be
ing done to make the affair success
ful.
The Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A.
will give a reception next Friday
evening at eight in Roble Hall to
the students of the University.
One of the features of the program
will be the presentation of "Mrs.
Jarley's Wax Works" by eight
University students. Various fa
mous characters will be under the
care of "Mrs. Jarley," who will
talk about them to the people
present. Considerable work is be
ing done to make the affair success
ful.
The Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A.
will give a reception next Friday
evening at eight in Roble Hall to
the students of the University.
One of the features of the program
will be the presentation of "Mrs.
Jarley's Wax Works" by eight
University students. Various fa
mous characters will be under the
care of "Mrs. Jarley," who will
talk about them to the people
present. Considerable work is be
ing done to make the affair success
ful.
The Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A.
will give a reception next Friday
evening at eight in Roble Hall to
the students of the University.
One of the features of the program
will be the presentation of "Mrs.
Jarley's Wax Works" by eight
University students. Various fa
mous characters will be under the
care of "Mrs. Jarley," who will
talk about them to the people
present. Considerable work is be
ing done to make the affair success
ful.
The Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A.
will give a reception next Friday
evening at eight in Roble Hall to
the students of the University.
One of the features of the program
will be the presentation of "Mrs.
Jarley's Wax Works" by eight
University students. Various fa
mous characters will be under the
care of "Mrs. Jarley," who will
talk about them to the people
present. Considerable work is be
ing done to make the affair success
ful.
The Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A.
will give a reception next Friday
evening at eight in Roble Hall to
the students of the University.
One of the features of the program
will be the presentation of "Mrs.
Jarley's Wax Works" by eight
University students. Various fa
mous characters will be under the
care of "Mrs. Jarley," who will
talk about them to the people
present. Considerable work is be
ing done to make the affair success
ful.
