# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Finally, the Juniors have a
treasurer and the excitement of
class politics subsides.
Finally, the Juniors have a
treasurer and the excitement of
class politics subsides.
Finally, the Juniors have a
treasurer and the excitement of
class politics subsides.
Finally, the Juniors have a
treasurer and the excitement of
class politics subsides.
Finally, the Juniors have a
treasurer and the excitement of
class politics subsides.
Finally, the Juniors have a
treasurer and the excitement of
class politics subsides.
Finally, the Juniors have a
treasurer and the excitement of
class politics subsides.
Finally, the Juniors have a
treasurer and the excitement of
class politics subsides.
