# BEHRENS WRITES ON SIBERIAN CONDITIONS
## Former Graduate Manager Tells of Army Life in Distant A.E.F. 
### 
Depicting the conditions of the
American Expeditionary Forces in Si
beria, E. C. Belirens, '14, will present,
in the next issue of the Stanford Il
lustrated Review, one of the first un
biased accounts to reach this country.
The Review will be on sale on No
vember 13th.
Lieut. Behrens' article, entitled,
"Chasing Rainbows in Siberia," is of
particular interest at present, on ac
count of the various pro and con
charges of unnecessary hardships now
being published by the press of San
Francisco, and will shed new light
upon the situation. Behrens has been
familiar with the conditions of the
American army in Siberia for the past
years and so is in a position to make
statements regarding the truth of the
alleged accusations of the soldiers re
cently returned.
While at Stanford, Behrens was
Graduate Manager, Editor of the Daily
Palo Alto, and was prominent in other
journalistic activities.
Depicting the conditions of the
American Expeditionary Forces in Si
beria, E. C. Belirens, '14, will present,
in the next issue of the Stanford Il
lustrated Review, one of the first un
biased accounts to reach this country.
The Review will be on sale on No
vember 13th.
Lieut. Behrens' article, entitled,
"Chasing Rainbows in Siberia," is of
particular interest at present, on ac
count of the various pro and con
charges of unnecessary hardships now
being published by the press of San
Francisco, and will shed new light
upon the situation. Behrens has been
familiar with the conditions of the
American army in Siberia for the past
years and so is in a position to make
statements regarding the truth of the
alleged accusations of the soldiers re
cently returned.
While at Stanford, Behrens was
Graduate Manager, Editor of the Daily
Palo Alto, and was prominent in other
journalistic activities.
Depicting the conditions of the
American Expeditionary Forces in Si
beria, E. C. Belirens, '14, will present,
in the next issue of the Stanford Il
lustrated Review, one of the first un
biased accounts to reach this country.
The Review will be on sale on No
vember 13th.
Lieut. Behrens' article, entitled,
"Chasing Rainbows in Siberia," is of
particular interest at present, on ac
count of the various pro and con
charges of unnecessary hardships now
being published by the press of San
Francisco, and will shed new light
upon the situation. Behrens has been
familiar with the conditions of the
American army in Siberia for the past
years and so is in a position to make
statements regarding the truth of the
alleged accusations of the soldiers re
cently returned.
While at Stanford, Behrens was
Graduate Manager, Editor of the Daily
Palo Alto, and was prominent in other
journalistic activities.
Depicting the conditions of the
American Expeditionary Forces in Si
beria, E. C. Belirens, '14, will present,
in the next issue of the Stanford Il
lustrated Review, one of the first un
biased accounts to reach this country.
The Review will be on sale on No
vember 13th.
Lieut. Behrens' article, entitled,
"Chasing Rainbows in Siberia," is of
particular interest at present, on ac
count of the various pro and con
charges of unnecessary hardships now
being published by the press of San
Francisco, and will shed new light
upon the situation. Behrens has been
familiar with the conditions of the
American army in Siberia for the past
years and so is in a position to make
statements regarding the truth of the
alleged accusations of the soldiers re
cently returned.
While at Stanford, Behrens was
Graduate Manager, Editor of the Daily
Palo Alto, and was prominent in other
journalistic activities.
Depicting the conditions of the
American Expeditionary Forces in Si
beria, E. C. Belirens, '14, will present,
in the next issue of the Stanford Il
lustrated Review, one of the first un
biased accounts to reach this country.
The Review will be on sale on No
vember 13th.
Lieut. Behrens' article, entitled,
"Chasing Rainbows in Siberia," is of
particular interest at present, on ac
count of the various pro and con
charges of unnecessary hardships now
being published by the press of San
Francisco, and will shed new light
upon the situation. Behrens has been
familiar with the conditions of the
American army in Siberia for the past
years and so is in a position to make
statements regarding the truth of the
alleged accusations of the soldiers re
cently returned.
While at Stanford, Behrens was
Graduate Manager, Editor of the Daily
Palo Alto, and was prominent in other
journalistic activities.
Depicting the conditions of the
American Expeditionary Forces in Si
beria, E. C. Belirens, '14, will present,
in the next issue of the Stanford Il
lustrated Review, one of the first un
biased accounts to reach this country.
The Review will be on sale on No
vember 13th.
Lieut. Behrens' article, entitled,
"Chasing Rainbows in Siberia," is of
particular interest at present, on ac
count of the various pro and con
charges of unnecessary hardships now
being published by the press of San
Francisco, and will shed new light
upon the situation. Behrens has been
familiar with the conditions of the
American army in Siberia for the past
years and so is in a position to make
statements regarding the truth of the
alleged accusations of the soldiers re
cently returned.
While at Stanford, Behrens was
Graduate Manager, Editor of the Daily
Palo Alto, and was prominent in other
journalistic activities.
Depicting the conditions of the
American Expeditionary Forces in Si
beria, E. C. Belirens, '14, will present,
in the next issue of the Stanford Il
lustrated Review, one of the first un
biased accounts to reach this country.
The Review will be on sale on No
vember 13th.
Lieut. Behrens' article, entitled,
"Chasing Rainbows in Siberia," is of
particular interest at present, on ac
count of the various pro and con
charges of unnecessary hardships now
being published by the press of San
Francisco, and will shed new light
upon the situation. Behrens has been
familiar with the conditions of the
American army in Siberia for the past
years and so is in a position to make
statements regarding the truth of the
alleged accusations of the soldiers re
cently returned.
While at Stanford, Behrens was
Graduate Manager, Editor of the Daily
Palo Alto, and was prominent in other
journalistic activities.
Depicting the conditions of the
American Expeditionary Forces in Si
beria, E. C. Belirens, '14, will present,
in the next issue of the Stanford Il
lustrated Review, one of the first un
biased accounts to reach this country.
The Review will be on sale on No
vember 13th.
Lieut. Behrens' article, entitled,
"Chasing Rainbows in Siberia," is of
particular interest at present, on ac
count of the various pro and con
charges of unnecessary hardships now
being published by the press of San
Francisco, and will shed new light
upon the situation. Behrens has been
familiar with the conditions of the
American army in Siberia for the past
years and so is in a position to make
statements regarding the truth of the
alleged accusations of the soldiers re
cently returned.
While at Stanford, Behrens was
Graduate Manager, Editor of the Daily
Palo Alto, and was prominent in other
journalistic activities.
Depicting the conditions of the
American Expeditionary Forces in Si
beria, E. C. Belirens, '14, will present,
in the next issue of the Stanford Il
lustrated Review, one of the first un
biased accounts to reach this country.
The Review will be on sale on No
vember 13th.
Lieut. Behrens' article, entitled,
"Chasing Rainbows in Siberia," is of
particular interest at present, on ac
count of the various pro and con
charges of unnecessary hardships now
being published by the press of San
Francisco, and will shed new light
upon the situation. Behrens has been
familiar with the conditions of the
American army in Siberia for the past
years and so is in a position to make
statements regarding the truth of the
alleged accusations of the soldiers re
cently returned.
While at Stanford, Behrens was
Graduate Manager, Editor of the Daily
Palo Alto, and was prominent in other
journalistic activities.
Depicting the conditions of the
American Expeditionary Forces in Si
beria, E. C. Belirens, '14, will present,
in the next issue of the Stanford Il
lustrated Review, one of the first un
biased accounts to reach this country.
The Review will be on sale on No
vember 13th.
Lieut. Behrens' article, entitled,
"Chasing Rainbows in Siberia," is of
particular interest at present, on ac
count of the various pro and con
charges of unnecessary hardships now
being published by the press of San
Francisco, and will shed new light
upon the situation. Behrens has been
familiar with the conditions of the
American army in Siberia for the past
years and so is in a position to make
statements regarding the truth of the
alleged accusations of the soldiers re
cently returned.
While at Stanford, Behrens was
Graduate Manager, Editor of the Daily
Palo Alto, and was prominent in other
journalistic activities.
Depicting the conditions of the
American Expeditionary Forces in Si
beria, E. C. Belirens, '14, will present,
in the next issue of the Stanford Il
lustrated Review, one of the first un
biased accounts to reach this country.
The Review will be on sale on No
vember 13th.
Lieut. Behrens' article, entitled,
"Chasing Rainbows in Siberia," is of
particular interest at present, on ac
count of the various pro and con
charges of unnecessary hardships now
being published by the press of San
Francisco, and will shed new light
upon the situation. Behrens has been
familiar with the conditions of the
American army in Siberia for the past
years and so is in a position to make
statements regarding the truth of the
alleged accusations of the soldiers re
cently returned.
While at Stanford, Behrens was
Graduate Manager, Editor of the Daily
Palo Alto, and was prominent in other
journalistic activities.
Depicting the conditions of the
American Expeditionary Forces in Si
beria, E. C. Belirens, '14, will present,
in the next issue of the Stanford Il
lustrated Review, one of the first un
biased accounts to reach this country.
The Review will be on sale on No
vember 13th.
Lieut. Behrens' article, entitled,
"Chasing Rainbows in Siberia," is of
particular interest at present, on ac
count of the various pro and con
charges of unnecessary hardships now
being published by the press of San
Francisco, and will shed new light
upon the situation. Behrens has been
familiar with the conditions of the
American army in Siberia for the past
years and so is in a position to make
statements regarding the truth of the
alleged accusations of the soldiers re
cently returned.
While at Stanford, Behrens was
Graduate Manager, Editor of the Daily
Palo Alto, and was prominent in other
journalistic activities.
Depicting the conditions of the
American Expeditionary Forces in Si
beria, E. C. Belirens, '14, will present,
in the next issue of the Stanford Il
lustrated Review, one of the first un
biased accounts to reach this country.
The Review will be on sale on No
vember 13th.
Lieut. Behrens' article, entitled,
"Chasing Rainbows in Siberia," is of
particular interest at present, on ac
count of the various pro and con
charges of unnecessary hardships now
being published by the press of San
Francisco, and will shed new light
upon the situation. Behrens has been
familiar with the conditions of the
American army in Siberia for the past
years and so is in a position to make
statements regarding the truth of the
alleged accusations of the soldiers re
cently returned.
While at Stanford, Behrens was
Graduate Manager, Editor of the Daily
Palo Alto, and was prominent in other
journalistic activities.
Depicting the conditions of the
American Expeditionary Forces in Si
beria, E. C. Belirens, '14, will present,
in the next issue of the Stanford Il
lustrated Review, one of the first un
biased accounts to reach this country.
The Review will be on sale on No
vember 13th.
Lieut. Behrens' article, entitled,
"Chasing Rainbows in Siberia," is of
particular interest at present, on ac
count of the various pro and con
charges of unnecessary hardships now
being published by the press of San
Francisco, and will shed new light
upon the situation. Behrens has been
familiar with the conditions of the
American army in Siberia for the past
years and so is in a position to make
statements regarding the truth of the
alleged accusations of the soldiers re
cently returned.
While at Stanford, Behrens was
Graduate Manager, Editor of the Daily
Palo Alto, and was prominent in other
journalistic activities.
Depicting the conditions of the
American Expeditionary Forces in Si
beria, E. C. Belirens, '14, will present,
in the next issue of the Stanford Il
lustrated Review, one of the first un
biased accounts to reach this country.
The Review will be on sale on No
vember 13th.
Lieut. Behrens' article, entitled,
"Chasing Rainbows in Siberia," is of
particular interest at present, on ac
count of the various pro and con
charges of unnecessary hardships now
being published by the press of San
Francisco, and will shed new light
upon the situation. Behrens has been
familiar with the conditions of the
American army in Siberia for the past
years and so is in a position to make
statements regarding the truth of the
alleged accusations of the soldiers re
cently returned.
While at Stanford, Behrens was
Graduate Manager, Editor of the Daily
Palo Alto, and was prominent in other
journalistic activities.
Depicting the conditions of the
American Expeditionary Forces in Si
beria, E. C. Belirens, '14, will present,
in the next issue of the Stanford Il
lustrated Review, one of the first un
biased accounts to reach this country.
The Review will be on sale on No
vember 13th.
Lieut. Behrens' article, entitled,
"Chasing Rainbows in Siberia," is of
particular interest at present, on ac
count of the various pro and con
charges of unnecessary hardships now
being published by the press of San
Francisco, and will shed new light
upon the situation. Behrens has been
familiar with the conditions of the
American army in Siberia for the past
years and so is in a position to make
statements regarding the truth of the
alleged accusations of the soldiers re
cently returned.
While at Stanford, Behrens was
Graduate Manager, Editor of the Daily
Palo Alto, and was prominent in other
journalistic activities.
