# Adv. 13 Page 5
## 
### 
Quote of the Day
"Buddha went to the lotus
tree, and I go to my truck.
There's a definite spiritual
aspect to doing it. I'm just
finding myself, finding some
of the truths of the uni
verse."
— "Alan," a Stanford
senior who lives illegally in
his truck to save money on
housing costs. Alan, his
girlfriend Laura, three
crates of clothes and a stack
of books share the back of
his 1986 silver Toyota Fore
runner.
See story, page 2
Quote of the Day
"Buddha went to the lotus
tree, and I go to my truck.
There's a definite spiritual
aspect to doing it. I'm just
finding myself, finding some
of the truths of the uni
verse."
— "Alan," a Stanford
senior who lives illegally in
his truck to save money on
housing costs. Alan, his
girlfriend Laura, three
crates of clothes and a stack
of books share the back of
his 1986 silver Toyota Fore
runner.
See story, page 2
Quote of the Day
"Buddha went to the lotus
tree, and I go to my truck.
There's a definite spiritual
aspect to doing it. I'm just
finding myself, finding some
of the truths of the uni
verse."
— "Alan," a Stanford
senior who lives illegally in
his truck to save money on
housing costs. Alan, his
girlfriend Laura, three
crates of clothes and a stack
of books share the back of
his 1986 silver Toyota Fore
runner.
See story, page 2
Quote of the Day
"Buddha went to the lotus
tree, and I go to my truck.
There's a definite spiritual
aspect to doing it. I'm just
finding myself, finding some
of the truths of the uni
verse."
— "Alan," a Stanford
senior who lives illegally in
his truck to save money on
housing costs. Alan, his
girlfriend Laura, three
crates of clothes and a stack
of books share the back of
his 1986 silver Toyota Fore
runner.
See story, page 2
Quote of the Day
"Buddha went to the lotus
tree, and I go to my truck.
There's a definite spiritual
aspect to doing it. I'm just
finding myself, finding some
of the truths of the uni
verse."
— "Alan," a Stanford
senior who lives illegally in
his truck to save money on
housing costs. Alan, his
girlfriend Laura, three
crates of clothes and a stack
of books share the back of
his 1986 silver Toyota Fore
runner.
See story, page 2
Quote of the Day
"Buddha went to the lotus
tree, and I go to my truck.
There's a definite spiritual
aspect to doing it. I'm just
finding myself, finding some
of the truths of the uni
verse."
— "Alan," a Stanford
senior who lives illegally in
his truck to save money on
housing costs. Alan, his
girlfriend Laura, three
crates of clothes and a stack
of books share the back of
his 1986 silver Toyota Fore
runner.
See story, page 2
Quote of the Day
"Buddha went to the lotus
tree, and I go to my truck.
There's a definite spiritual
aspect to doing it. I'm just
finding myself, finding some
of the truths of the uni
verse."
— "Alan," a Stanford
senior who lives illegally in
his truck to save money on
housing costs. Alan, his
girlfriend Laura, three
crates of clothes and a stack
of books share the back of
his 1986 silver Toyota Fore
runner.
See story, page 2
Quote of the Day
"Buddha went to the lotus
tree, and I go to my truck.
There's a definite spiritual
aspect to doing it. I'm just
finding myself, finding some
of the truths of the uni
verse."
— "Alan," a Stanford
senior who lives illegally in
his truck to save money on
housing costs. Alan, his
girlfriend Laura, three
crates of clothes and a stack
of books share the back of
his 1986 silver Toyota Fore
runner.
See story, page 2
