# Adv. 10 Page 3
## 
### 
IT'Si CARLYLE'S
for
FINE DIAMONDS
The Peninsula'* leading
d'amond specialists
21S University Avenue
Downtown Palo Alto
IT'Si CARLYLE'S
for
FINE DIAMONDS
The Peninsula'* leading
d'amond specialists
21S University Avenue
Downtown Palo Alto
IT'Si CARLYLE'S
for
FINE DIAMONDS
The Peninsula'* leading
d'amond specialists
21S University Avenue
Downtown Palo Alto
IT'Si CARLYLE'S
for
FINE DIAMONDS
The Peninsula'* leading
d'amond specialists
21S University Avenue
Downtown Palo Alto
IT'Si CARLYLE'S
for
FINE DIAMONDS
The Peninsula'* leading
d'amond specialists
21S University Avenue
Downtown Palo Alto
IT'Si CARLYLE'S
for
FINE DIAMONDS
The Peninsula'* leading
d'amond specialists
21S University Avenue
Downtown Palo Alto
IT'Si CARLYLE'S
for
FINE DIAMONDS
The Peninsula'* leading
d'amond specialists
21S University Avenue
Downtown Palo Alto
IT'Si CARLYLE'S
for
FINE DIAMONDS
The Peninsula'* leading
d'amond specialists
21S University Avenue
Downtown Palo Alto
IT'Si CARLYLE'S
for
FINE DIAMONDS
The Peninsula'* leading
d'amond specialists
21S University Avenue
Downtown Palo Alto
IT'Si CARLYLE'S
for
FINE DIAMONDS
The Peninsula'* leading
d'amond specialists
21S University Avenue
Downtown Palo Alto
IT'Si CARLYLE'S
for
FINE DIAMONDS
The Peninsula'* leading
d'amond specialists
21S University Avenue
Downtown Palo Alto
IT'Si CARLYLE'S
for
FINE DIAMONDS
The Peninsula'* leading
d'amond specialists
21S University Avenue
Downtown Palo Alto
IT'Si CARLYLE'S
for
FINE DIAMONDS
The Peninsula'* leading
d'amond specialists
21S University Avenue
Downtown Palo Alto
IT'Si CARLYLE'S
for
FINE DIAMONDS
The Peninsula'* leading
d'amond specialists
21S University Avenue
Downtown Palo Alto
IT'Si CARLYLE'S
for
FINE DIAMONDS
The Peninsula'* leading
d'amond specialists
21S University Avenue
Downtown Palo Alto
IT'Si CARLYLE'S
for
FINE DIAMONDS
The Peninsula'* leading
d'amond specialists
21S University Avenue
Downtown Palo Alto
