# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Euclypto announces the engage
ment of Ellen Goodwin, '61, to
David Long, '59.
Euclypto announces the engage
ment of Ellen Goodwin, '61, to
David Long, '59.
Euclypto announces the engage
ment of Ellen Goodwin, '61, to
David Long, '59.
Euclypto announces the engage
ment of Ellen Goodwin, '61, to
David Long, '59.
Euclypto announces the engage
ment of Ellen Goodwin, '61, to
David Long, '59.
Euclypto announces the engage
ment of Ellen Goodwin, '61, to
David Long, '59.
Euclypto announces the engage
ment of Ellen Goodwin, '61, to
David Long, '59.
Euclypto announces the engage
ment of Ellen Goodwin, '61, to
David Long, '59.
Euclypto announces the engage
ment of Ellen Goodwin, '61, to
David Long, '59.
Euclypto announces the engage
ment of Ellen Goodwin, '61, to
David Long, '59.
Euclypto announces the engage
ment of Ellen Goodwin, '61, to
David Long, '59.
Euclypto announces the engage
ment of Ellen Goodwin, '61, to
David Long, '59.
Euclypto announces the engage
ment of Ellen Goodwin, '61, to
David Long, '59.
Euclypto announces the engage
ment of Ellen Goodwin, '61, to
David Long, '59.
Euclypto announces the engage
ment of Ellen Goodwin, '61, to
David Long, '59.
Euclypto announces the engage
ment of Ellen Goodwin, '61, to
David Long, '59.
