# Job Interview Signups
## 
### 
Mc('lcllan Air Force Base: In
terviews April 29. Openings for
men with any degree level in en
gineering; any degree level in
liberal arts, M.B.A. Management
trainee and engineering positions.
U.S. citizens only.
Union School District: Inter
views April 29. Openings in the
following: grades 1-3, women
only; grades 4-6, men and women;
grades T-S Departmentalized, men
and women; Speech teacher, man
or woman. Job location in San
Jose. U.S. citizens only.
U.S. Rubber Co.: Interviews
April 29. Openings for men in Re
search Center, N.J.; Naugatuck,
Conn.; and Detroit, Mich. Re
quirements: M.S. or Ph.D. in
chemistry, physics and chemical
electrical and mechanical engi
neering.
