# CLASS VOTES MONEY FOR PLAY.
## Sophomores Urge Many to Participate in Try-outs That Will Be Held Soon. 
### 
Very little business of importance
was transacted at a largely attended
meeting of the Sophomore Class today.
Upon a report of the play committee,
funds were voted by the class to de
fray the expenses that occur in the
necessary work of the preliminary
preparations for the Sophomore play
that are being made this semester. As
the services of Fravik Mathieu, the
professional coach retained by Sword
and Sandals, who is also a stage man
ager of noted ability, have been se
cured, it was urged that a large num
ber from the Sophomore Class try-out
in the competition for places in the
cast that will occur in a few weeks.
The cotillion committee has been
busily engaged during the past weeks
in making final arrangements and
plans regarding the details of the
dance in December. These will be
published within a few days, while the
tickets will go on sa'e November 4.
Very little business of importance
was transacted at a largely attended
meeting of the Sophomore Class today.
Upon a report of the play committee,
funds were voted by the class to de
fray the expenses that occur in the
necessary work of the preliminary
preparations for the Sophomore play
that are being made this semester. As
the services of Fravik Mathieu, the
professional coach retained by Sword
and Sandals, who is also a stage man
ager of noted ability, have been se
cured, it was urged that a large num
ber from the Sophomore Class try-out
in the competition for places in the
cast that will occur in a few weeks.
The cotillion committee has been
busily engaged during the past weeks
in making final arrangements and
plans regarding the details of the
dance in December. These will be
published within a few days, while the
tickets will go on sa'e November 4.
Very little business of importance
was transacted at a largely attended
meeting of the Sophomore Class today.
Upon a report of the play committee,
funds were voted by the class to de
fray the expenses that occur in the
necessary work of the preliminary
preparations for the Sophomore play
that are being made this semester. As
the services of Fravik Mathieu, the
professional coach retained by Sword
and Sandals, who is also a stage man
ager of noted ability, have been se
cured, it was urged that a large num
ber from the Sophomore Class try-out
in the competition for places in the
cast that will occur in a few weeks.
The cotillion committee has been
busily engaged during the past weeks
in making final arrangements and
plans regarding the details of the
dance in December. These will be
published within a few days, while the
tickets will go on sa'e November 4.
Very little business of importance
was transacted at a largely attended
meeting of the Sophomore Class today.
Upon a report of the play committee,
funds were voted by the class to de
fray the expenses that occur in the
necessary work of the preliminary
preparations for the Sophomore play
that are being made this semester. As
the services of Fravik Mathieu, the
professional coach retained by Sword
and Sandals, who is also a stage man
ager of noted ability, have been se
cured, it was urged that a large num
ber from the Sophomore Class try-out
in the competition for places in the
cast that will occur in a few weeks.
The cotillion committee has been
busily engaged during the past weeks
in making final arrangements and
plans regarding the details of the
dance in December. These will be
published within a few days, while the
tickets will go on sa'e November 4.
Very little business of importance
was transacted at a largely attended
meeting of the Sophomore Class today.
Upon a report of the play committee,
funds were voted by the class to de
fray the expenses that occur in the
necessary work of the preliminary
preparations for the Sophomore play
that are being made this semester. As
the services of Fravik Mathieu, the
professional coach retained by Sword
and Sandals, who is also a stage man
ager of noted ability, have been se
cured, it was urged that a large num
ber from the Sophomore Class try-out
in the competition for places in the
cast that will occur in a few weeks.
The cotillion committee has been
busily engaged during the past weeks
in making final arrangements and
plans regarding the details of the
dance in December. These will be
published within a few days, while the
tickets will go on sa'e November 4.
Very little business of importance
was transacted at a largely attended
meeting of the Sophomore Class today.
Upon a report of the play committee,
funds were voted by the class to de
fray the expenses that occur in the
necessary work of the preliminary
preparations for the Sophomore play
that are being made this semester. As
the services of Fravik Mathieu, the
professional coach retained by Sword
and Sandals, who is also a stage man
ager of noted ability, have been se
cured, it was urged that a large num
ber from the Sophomore Class try-out
in the competition for places in the
cast that will occur in a few weeks.
The cotillion committee has been
busily engaged during the past weeks
in making final arrangements and
plans regarding the details of the
dance in December. These will be
published within a few days, while the
tickets will go on sa'e November 4.
Very little business of importance
was transacted at a largely attended
meeting of the Sophomore Class today.
Upon a report of the play committee,
funds were voted by the class to de
fray the expenses that occur in the
necessary work of the preliminary
preparations for the Sophomore play
that are being made this semester. As
the services of Fravik Mathieu, the
professional coach retained by Sword
and Sandals, who is also a stage man
ager of noted ability, have been se
cured, it was urged that a large num
ber from the Sophomore Class try-out
in the competition for places in the
cast that will occur in a few weeks.
The cotillion committee has been
busily engaged during the past weeks
in making final arrangements and
plans regarding the details of the
dance in December. These will be
published within a few days, while the
tickets will go on sa'e November 4.
Very little business of importance
was transacted at a largely attended
meeting of the Sophomore Class today.
Upon a report of the play committee,
funds were voted by the class to de
fray the expenses that occur in the
necessary work of the preliminary
preparations for the Sophomore play
that are being made this semester. As
the services of Fravik Mathieu, the
professional coach retained by Sword
and Sandals, who is also a stage man
ager of noted ability, have been se
cured, it was urged that a large num
ber from the Sophomore Class try-out
in the competition for places in the
cast that will occur in a few weeks.
The cotillion committee has been
busily engaged during the past weeks
in making final arrangements and
plans regarding the details of the
dance in December. These will be
published within a few days, while the
tickets will go on sa'e November 4.
Very little business of importance
was transacted at a largely attended
meeting of the Sophomore Class today.
Upon a report of the play committee,
funds were voted by the class to de
fray the expenses that occur in the
necessary work of the preliminary
preparations for the Sophomore play
that are being made this semester. As
the services of Fravik Mathieu, the
professional coach retained by Sword
and Sandals, who is also a stage man
ager of noted ability, have been se
cured, it was urged that a large num
ber from the Sophomore Class try-out
in the competition for places in the
cast that will occur in a few weeks.
The cotillion committee has been
busily engaged during the past weeks
in making final arrangements and
plans regarding the details of the
dance in December. These will be
published within a few days, while the
tickets will go on sa'e November 4.
Very little business of importance
was transacted at a largely attended
meeting of the Sophomore Class today.
Upon a report of the play committee,
funds were voted by the class to de
fray the expenses that occur in the
necessary work of the preliminary
preparations for the Sophomore play
that are being made this semester. As
the services of Fravik Mathieu, the
professional coach retained by Sword
and Sandals, who is also a stage man
ager of noted ability, have been se
cured, it was urged that a large num
ber from the Sophomore Class try-out
in the competition for places in the
cast that will occur in a few weeks.
The cotillion committee has been
busily engaged during the past weeks
in making final arrangements and
plans regarding the details of the
dance in December. These will be
published within a few days, while the
tickets will go on sa'e November 4.
