# Tuesday to Be University Holiday.
## 
### 
Owing to the fact that Tuesday,
November 3, is election day, a Uni
versity holiday has been declared for
that date. It has been the custom to
grant leaves of abseuce to all voters
for ordinary elections, but every four
years a holiday has been declared on
the date of the Presidential election.
All men who have registered in this
precinct will find the voting machine
at the polls which will be located at
the school house, 18 Salvaterra street.
Owing to the fact that Tuesday,
November 3, is election day, a Uni
versity holiday has been declared for
that date. It has been the custom to
grant leaves of abseuce to all voters
for ordinary elections, but every four
years a holiday has been declared on
the date of the Presidential election.
All men who have registered in this
precinct will find the voting machine
at the polls which will be located at
the school house, 18 Salvaterra street.
Owing to the fact that Tuesday,
November 3, is election day, a Uni
versity holiday has been declared for
that date. It has been the custom to
grant leaves of abseuce to all voters
for ordinary elections, but every four
years a holiday has been declared on
the date of the Presidential election.
All men who have registered in this
precinct will find the voting machine
at the polls which will be located at
the school house, 18 Salvaterra street.
Owing to the fact that Tuesday,
November 3, is election day, a Uni
versity holiday has been declared for
that date. It has been the custom to
grant leaves of abseuce to all voters
for ordinary elections, but every four
years a holiday has been declared on
the date of the Presidential election.
All men who have registered in this
precinct will find the voting machine
at the polls which will be located at
the school house, 18 Salvaterra street.
Owing to the fact that Tuesday,
November 3, is election day, a Uni
versity holiday has been declared for
that date. It has been the custom to
grant leaves of abseuce to all voters
for ordinary elections, but every four
years a holiday has been declared on
the date of the Presidential election.
All men who have registered in this
precinct will find the voting machine
at the polls which will be located at
the school house, 18 Salvaterra street.
Owing to the fact that Tuesday,
November 3, is election day, a Uni
versity holiday has been declared for
that date. It has been the custom to
grant leaves of abseuce to all voters
for ordinary elections, but every four
years a holiday has been declared on
the date of the Presidential election.
All men who have registered in this
precinct will find the voting machine
at the polls which will be located at
the school house, 18 Salvaterra street.
Owing to the fact that Tuesday,
November 3, is election day, a Uni
versity holiday has been declared for
that date. It has been the custom to
grant leaves of abseuce to all voters
for ordinary elections, but every four
years a holiday has been declared on
the date of the Presidential election.
All men who have registered in this
precinct will find the voting machine
at the polls which will be located at
the school house, 18 Salvaterra street.
Owing to the fact that Tuesday,
November 3, is election day, a Uni
versity holiday has been declared for
that date. It has been the custom to
grant leaves of abseuce to all voters
for ordinary elections, but every four
years a holiday has been declared on
the date of the Presidential election.
All men who have registered in this
precinct will find the voting machine
at the polls which will be located at
the school house, 18 Salvaterra street.
Owing to the fact that Tuesday,
November 3, is election day, a Uni
versity holiday has been declared for
that date. It has been the custom to
grant leaves of abseuce to all voters
for ordinary elections, but every four
years a holiday has been declared on
the date of the Presidential election.
All men who have registered in this
precinct will find the voting machine
at the polls which will be located at
the school house, 18 Salvaterra street.
Owing to the fact that Tuesday,
November 3, is election day, a Uni
versity holiday has been declared for
that date. It has been the custom to
grant leaves of abseuce to all voters
for ordinary elections, but every four
years a holiday has been declared on
the date of the Presidential election.
All men who have registered in this
precinct will find the voting machine
at the polls which will be located at
the school house, 18 Salvaterra street.
