# Schubert Club Will Hold Try-out.
## 
### 
At a meeting of the Schubert Club
last evening it was decided to hold
the try-out for the club next Wednes
day night, November 4, under the
direction of Dr. I?. C. Blodgett. A
new leader from San Francisco, who
will have charge of this year's work,
lias been chosen. A committee, with
.Miss M. T. Howell, '10, as chairman,
was appointed to send East for some
new operas dealing vith modern life,
from which a selection will he made
and probably rendered some time next
semester.
At a meeting of the Schubert Club
last evening it was decided to hold
the try-out for the club next Wednes
day night, November 4, under the
direction of Dr. I?. C. Blodgett. A
new leader from San Francisco, who
will have charge of this year's work,
lias been chosen. A committee, with
.Miss M. T. Howell, '10, as chairman,
was appointed to send East for some
new operas dealing vith modern life,
from which a selection will he made
and probably rendered some time next
semester.
At a meeting of the Schubert Club
last evening it was decided to hold
the try-out for the club next Wednes
day night, November 4, under the
direction of Dr. I?. C. Blodgett. A
new leader from San Francisco, who
will have charge of this year's work,
lias been chosen. A committee, with
.Miss M. T. Howell, '10, as chairman,
was appointed to send East for some
new operas dealing vith modern life,
from which a selection will he made
and probably rendered some time next
semester.
At a meeting of the Schubert Club
last evening it was decided to hold
the try-out for the club next Wednes
day night, November 4, under the
direction of Dr. I?. C. Blodgett. A
new leader from San Francisco, who
will have charge of this year's work,
lias been chosen. A committee, with
.Miss M. T. Howell, '10, as chairman,
was appointed to send East for some
new operas dealing vith modern life,
from which a selection will he made
and probably rendered some time next
semester.
At a meeting of the Schubert Club
last evening it was decided to hold
the try-out for the club next Wednes
day night, November 4, under the
direction of Dr. I?. C. Blodgett. A
new leader from San Francisco, who
will have charge of this year's work,
lias been chosen. A committee, with
.Miss M. T. Howell, '10, as chairman,
was appointed to send East for some
new operas dealing vith modern life,
from which a selection will he made
and probably rendered some time next
semester.
At a meeting of the Schubert Club
last evening it was decided to hold
the try-out for the club next Wednes
day night, November 4, under the
direction of Dr. I?. C. Blodgett. A
new leader from San Francisco, who
will have charge of this year's work,
lias been chosen. A committee, with
.Miss M. T. Howell, '10, as chairman,
was appointed to send East for some
new operas dealing vith modern life,
from which a selection will he made
and probably rendered some time next
semester.
At a meeting of the Schubert Club
last evening it was decided to hold
the try-out for the club next Wednes
day night, November 4, under the
direction of Dr. I?. C. Blodgett. A
new leader from San Francisco, who
will have charge of this year's work,
lias been chosen. A committee, with
.Miss M. T. Howell, '10, as chairman,
was appointed to send East for some
new operas dealing vith modern life,
from which a selection will he made
and probably rendered some time next
semester.
At a meeting of the Schubert Club
last evening it was decided to hold
the try-out for the club next Wednes
day night, November 4, under the
direction of Dr. I?. C. Blodgett. A
new leader from San Francisco, who
will have charge of this year's work,
lias been chosen. A committee, with
.Miss M. T. Howell, '10, as chairman,
was appointed to send East for some
new operas dealing vith modern life,
from which a selection will he made
and probably rendered some time next
semester.
At a meeting of the Schubert Club
last evening it was decided to hold
the try-out for the club next Wednes
day night, November 4, under the
direction of Dr. I?. C. Blodgett. A
new leader from San Francisco, who
will have charge of this year's work,
lias been chosen. A committee, with
.Miss M. T. Howell, '10, as chairman,
was appointed to send East for some
new operas dealing vith modern life,
from which a selection will he made
and probably rendered some time next
semester.
At a meeting of the Schubert Club
last evening it was decided to hold
the try-out for the club next Wednes
day night, November 4, under the
direction of Dr. I?. C. Blodgett. A
new leader from San Francisco, who
will have charge of this year's work,
lias been chosen. A committee, with
.Miss M. T. Howell, '10, as chairman,
was appointed to send East for some
new operas dealing vith modern life,
from which a selection will he made
and probably rendered some time next
semester.
