# Scholarship Winner
## 
### 
Nancy J. Working, sophomore, is
among 84 college students through
out the country accepted for the
1955-56 Junior Year in France pro
gram, according to director Joseph
E. Barker, Sweet Briar College.
Nancy J. Working, sophomore, is
among 84 college students through
out the country accepted for the
1955-56 Junior Year in France pro
gram, according to director Joseph
E. Barker, Sweet Briar College.
Nancy J. Working, sophomore, is
among 84 college students through
out the country accepted for the
1955-56 Junior Year in France pro
gram, according to director Joseph
E. Barker, Sweet Briar College.
Nancy J. Working, sophomore, is
among 84 college students through
out the country accepted for the
1955-56 Junior Year in France pro
gram, according to director Joseph
E. Barker, Sweet Briar College.
Nancy J. Working, sophomore, is
among 84 college students through
out the country accepted for the
1955-56 Junior Year in France pro
gram, according to director Joseph
E. Barker, Sweet Briar College.
Nancy J. Working, sophomore, is
among 84 college students through
out the country accepted for the
1955-56 Junior Year in France pro
gram, according to director Joseph
E. Barker, Sweet Briar College.
Nancy J. Working, sophomore, is
among 84 college students through
out the country accepted for the
1955-56 Junior Year in France pro
gram, according to director Joseph
E. Barker, Sweet Briar College.
Nancy J. Working, sophomore, is
among 84 college students through
out the country accepted for the
1955-56 Junior Year in France pro
gram, according to director Joseph
E. Barker, Sweet Briar College.
Nancy J. Working, sophomore, is
among 84 college students through
out the country accepted for the
1955-56 Junior Year in France pro
gram, according to director Joseph
E. Barker, Sweet Briar College.
Nancy J. Working, sophomore, is
among 84 college students through
out the country accepted for the
1955-56 Junior Year in France pro
gram, according to director Joseph
E. Barker, Sweet Briar College.
Nancy J. Working, sophomore, is
among 84 college students through
out the country accepted for the
1955-56 Junior Year in France pro
gram, according to director Joseph
E. Barker, Sweet Briar College.
Nancy J. Working, sophomore, is
among 84 college students through
out the country accepted for the
1955-56 Junior Year in France pro
gram, according to director Joseph
E. Barker, Sweet Briar College.
Nancy J. Working, sophomore, is
among 84 college students through
out the country accepted for the
1955-56 Junior Year in France pro
gram, according to director Joseph
E. Barker, Sweet Briar College.
Nancy J. Working, sophomore, is
among 84 college students through
out the country accepted for the
1955-56 Junior Year in France pro
gram, according to director Joseph
E. Barker, Sweet Briar College.
Nancy J. Working, sophomore, is
among 84 college students through
out the country accepted for the
1955-56 Junior Year in France pro
gram, according to director Joseph
E. Barker, Sweet Briar College.
