# Census Taking Draws To Close
## 
### 

DR. WILLIAM SPURR, professor of business statistics in the Graduate School of Business, and
population expert, is seen answering questions from Census Taker John Weis, one of the corps of
census takers who have been canvassing the Bay Area. Reports are to be finished today for the
1950 census.

DR. WILLIAM SPURR, professor of business statistics in the Graduate School of Business, and
population expert, is seen answering questions from Census Taker John Weis, one of the corps of
census takers who have been canvassing the Bay Area. Reports are to be finished today for the
1950 census.

DR. WILLIAM SPURR, professor of business statistics in the Graduate School of Business, and
population expert, is seen answering questions from Census Taker John Weis, one of the corps of
census takers who have been canvassing the Bay Area. Reports are to be finished today for the
1950 census.

DR. WILLIAM SPURR, professor of business statistics in the Graduate School of Business, and
population expert, is seen answering questions from Census Taker John Weis, one of the corps of
census takers who have been canvassing the Bay Area. Reports are to be finished today for the
1950 census.

DR. WILLIAM SPURR, professor of business statistics in the Graduate School of Business, and
population expert, is seen answering questions from Census Taker John Weis, one of the corps of
census takers who have been canvassing the Bay Area. Reports are to be finished today for the
1950 census.

DR. WILLIAM SPURR, professor of business statistics in the Graduate School of Business, and
population expert, is seen answering questions from Census Taker John Weis, one of the corps of
census takers who have been canvassing the Bay Area. Reports are to be finished today for the
1950 census.

DR. WILLIAM SPURR, professor of business statistics in the Graduate School of Business, and
population expert, is seen answering questions from Census Taker John Weis, one of the corps of
census takers who have been canvassing the Bay Area. Reports are to be finished today for the
1950 census.

DR. WILLIAM SPURR, professor of business statistics in the Graduate School of Business, and
population expert, is seen answering questions from Census Taker John Weis, one of the corps of
census takers who have been canvassing the Bay Area. Reports are to be finished today for the
1950 census.

DR. WILLIAM SPURR, professor of business statistics in the Graduate School of Business, and
population expert, is seen answering questions from Census Taker John Weis, one of the corps of
census takers who have been canvassing the Bay Area. Reports are to be finished today for the
1950 census.

DR. WILLIAM SPURR, professor of business statistics in the Graduate School of Business, and
population expert, is seen answering questions from Census Taker John Weis, one of the corps of
census takers who have been canvassing the Bay Area. Reports are to be finished today for the
1950 census.

DR. WILLIAM SPURR, professor of business statistics in the Graduate School of Business, and
population expert, is seen answering questions from Census Taker John Weis, one of the corps of
census takers who have been canvassing the Bay Area. Reports are to be finished today for the
1950 census.

DR. WILLIAM SPURR, professor of business statistics in the Graduate School of Business, and
population expert, is seen answering questions from Census Taker John Weis, one of the corps of
census takers who have been canvassing the Bay Area. Reports are to be finished today for the
1950 census.

DR. WILLIAM SPURR, professor of business statistics in the Graduate School of Business, and
population expert, is seen answering questions from Census Taker John Weis, one of the corps of
census takers who have been canvassing the Bay Area. Reports are to be finished today for the
1950 census.

DR. WILLIAM SPURR, professor of business statistics in the Graduate School of Business, and
population expert, is seen answering questions from Census Taker John Weis, one of the corps of
census takers who have been canvassing the Bay Area. Reports are to be finished today for the
1950 census.
