# VACCINATIONS DUE
## 
### 
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's Office today for all
new students. Failure to file certifi
cates by 4:30 p.m. will result in a
fine of $2 or if not filed by Mon
day, May 8, registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancella
tion by the Committee on Public
Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's Office today for all
new students. Failure to file certifi
cates by 4:30 p.m. will result in a
fine of $2 or if not filed by Mon
day, May 8, registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancella
tion by the Committee on Public
Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's Office today for all
new students. Failure to file certifi
cates by 4:30 p.m. will result in a
fine of $2 or if not filed by Mon
day, May 8, registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancella
tion by the Committee on Public
Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's Office today for all
new students. Failure to file certifi
cates by 4:30 p.m. will result in a
fine of $2 or if not filed by Mon
day, May 8, registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancella
tion by the Committee on Public
Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's Office today for all
new students. Failure to file certifi
cates by 4:30 p.m. will result in a
fine of $2 or if not filed by Mon
day, May 8, registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancella
tion by the Committee on Public
Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's Office today for all
new students. Failure to file certifi
cates by 4:30 p.m. will result in a
fine of $2 or if not filed by Mon
day, May 8, registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancella
tion by the Committee on Public
Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's Office today for all
new students. Failure to file certifi
cates by 4:30 p.m. will result in a
fine of $2 or if not filed by Mon
day, May 8, registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancella
tion by the Committee on Public
Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's Office today for all
new students. Failure to file certifi
cates by 4:30 p.m. will result in a
fine of $2 or if not filed by Mon
day, May 8, registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancella
tion by the Committee on Public
Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's Office today for all
new students. Failure to file certifi
cates by 4:30 p.m. will result in a
fine of $2 or if not filed by Mon
day, May 8, registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancella
tion by the Committee on Public
Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's Office today for all
new students. Failure to file certifi
cates by 4:30 p.m. will result in a
fine of $2 or if not filed by Mon
day, May 8, registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancella
tion by the Committee on Public
Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's Office today for all
new students. Failure to file certifi
cates by 4:30 p.m. will result in a
fine of $2 or if not filed by Mon
day, May 8, registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancella
tion by the Committee on Public
Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's Office today for all
new students. Failure to file certifi
cates by 4:30 p.m. will result in a
fine of $2 or if not filed by Mon
day, May 8, registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancella
tion by the Committee on Public
Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's Office today for all
new students. Failure to file certifi
cates by 4:30 p.m. will result in a
fine of $2 or if not filed by Mon
day, May 8, registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancella
tion by the Committee on Public
Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's Office today for all
new students. Failure to file certifi
cates by 4:30 p.m. will result in a
fine of $2 or if not filed by Mon
day, May 8, registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancella
tion by the Committee on Public
Health.
