# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
m \
■
■
■
■
■
0
■
■
■
■
We guess you'd have
to soy that the Cadil
lac (or Ferrari, if you
prefer) of shoes is the
nonpareil of leathers
—cordovan. Made
from the hip of the
horse, cordovan is
tough, long-wearing,
and can be burnished
to a glittering shine
like no other leather.
R A has an excellent
selection, in price
ranges at 22.00, 30.00
and 40.00. Not cheap
but they'll outwear
any other shoes by a
considerable margin.
Very good
looking, too.
■
■
■
I
I
*
*
ROOS/ATKINS
m \
■
■
■
■
■
0
■
■
■
■
We guess you'd have
to soy that the Cadil
lac (or Ferrari, if you
prefer) of shoes is the
nonpareil of leathers
—cordovan. Made
from the hip of the
horse, cordovan is
tough, long-wearing,
and can be burnished
to a glittering shine
like no other leather.
R A has an excellent
selection, in price
ranges at 22.00, 30.00
and 40.00. Not cheap
but they'll outwear
any other shoes by a
considerable margin.
Very good
looking, too.
■
■
■
I
I
*
*
ROOS/ATKINS
m \
■
■
■
■
■
0
■
■
■
■
We guess you'd have
to soy that the Cadil
lac (or Ferrari, if you
prefer) of shoes is the
nonpareil of leathers
—cordovan. Made
from the hip of the
horse, cordovan is
tough, long-wearing,
and can be burnished
to a glittering shine
like no other leather.
R A has an excellent
selection, in price
ranges at 22.00, 30.00
and 40.00. Not cheap
but they'll outwear
any other shoes by a
considerable margin.
Very good
looking, too.
■
■
■
I
I
*
*
ROOS/ATKINS
m \
■
■
■
■
■
0
■
■
■
■
We guess you'd have
to soy that the Cadil
lac (or Ferrari, if you
prefer) of shoes is the
nonpareil of leathers
—cordovan. Made
from the hip of the
horse, cordovan is
tough, long-wearing,
and can be burnished
to a glittering shine
like no other leather.
R A has an excellent
selection, in price
ranges at 22.00, 30.00
and 40.00. Not cheap
but they'll outwear
any other shoes by a
considerable margin.
Very good
looking, too.
■
■
■
I
I
*
*
ROOS/ATKINS
m \
■
■
■
■
■
0
■
■
■
■
We guess you'd have
to soy that the Cadil
lac (or Ferrari, if you
prefer) of shoes is the
nonpareil of leathers
—cordovan. Made
from the hip of the
horse, cordovan is
tough, long-wearing,
and can be burnished
to a glittering shine
like no other leather.
R A has an excellent
selection, in price
ranges at 22.00, 30.00
and 40.00. Not cheap
but they'll outwear
any other shoes by a
considerable margin.
Very good
looking, too.
■
■
■
I
I
*
*
ROOS/ATKINS
m \
■
■
■
■
■
0
■
■
■
■
We guess you'd have
to soy that the Cadil
lac (or Ferrari, if you
prefer) of shoes is the
nonpareil of leathers
—cordovan. Made
from the hip of the
horse, cordovan is
tough, long-wearing,
and can be burnished
to a glittering shine
like no other leather.
R A has an excellent
selection, in price
ranges at 22.00, 30.00
and 40.00. Not cheap
but they'll outwear
any other shoes by a
considerable margin.
Very good
looking, too.
■
■
■
I
I
*
*
ROOS/ATKINS
m \
■
■
■
■
■
0
■
■
■
■
We guess you'd have
to soy that the Cadil
lac (or Ferrari, if you
prefer) of shoes is the
nonpareil of leathers
—cordovan. Made
from the hip of the
horse, cordovan is
tough, long-wearing,
and can be burnished
to a glittering shine
like no other leather.
R A has an excellent
selection, in price
ranges at 22.00, 30.00
and 40.00. Not cheap
but they'll outwear
any other shoes by a
considerable margin.
Very good
looking, too.
■
■
■
I
I
*
*
ROOS/ATKINS
m \
■
■
■
■
■
0
■
■
■
■
We guess you'd have
to soy that the Cadil
lac (or Ferrari, if you
prefer) of shoes is the
nonpareil of leathers
—cordovan. Made
from the hip of the
horse, cordovan is
tough, long-wearing,
and can be burnished
to a glittering shine
like no other leather.
R A has an excellent
selection, in price
ranges at 22.00, 30.00
and 40.00. Not cheap
but they'll outwear
any other shoes by a
considerable margin.
Very good
looking, too.
■
■
■
I
I
*
*
ROOS/ATKINS
m \
■
■
■
■
■
0
■
■
■
■
We guess you'd have
to soy that the Cadil
lac (or Ferrari, if you
prefer) of shoes is the
nonpareil of leathers
—cordovan. Made
from the hip of the
horse, cordovan is
tough, long-wearing,
and can be burnished
to a glittering shine
like no other leather.
R A has an excellent
selection, in price
ranges at 22.00, 30.00
and 40.00. Not cheap
but they'll outwear
any other shoes by a
considerable margin.
Very good
looking, too.
■
■
■
I
I
*
*
ROOS/ATKINS
m \
■
■
■
■
■
0
■
■
■
■
We guess you'd have
to soy that the Cadil
lac (or Ferrari, if you
prefer) of shoes is the
nonpareil of leathers
—cordovan. Made
from the hip of the
horse, cordovan is
tough, long-wearing,
and can be burnished
to a glittering shine
like no other leather.
R A has an excellent
selection, in price
ranges at 22.00, 30.00
and 40.00. Not cheap
but they'll outwear
any other shoes by a
considerable margin.
Very good
looking, too.
■
■
■
I
I
*
*
ROOS/ATKINS
m \
■
■
■
■
■
0
■
■
■
■
We guess you'd have
to soy that the Cadil
lac (or Ferrari, if you
prefer) of shoes is the
nonpareil of leathers
—cordovan. Made
from the hip of the
horse, cordovan is
tough, long-wearing,
and can be burnished
to a glittering shine
like no other leather.
R A has an excellent
selection, in price
ranges at 22.00, 30.00
and 40.00. Not cheap
but they'll outwear
any other shoes by a
considerable margin.
Very good
looking, too.
■
■
■
I
I
*
*
ROOS/ATKINS
m \
■
■
■
■
■
0
■
■
■
■
We guess you'd have
to soy that the Cadil
lac (or Ferrari, if you
prefer) of shoes is the
nonpareil of leathers
—cordovan. Made
from the hip of the
horse, cordovan is
tough, long-wearing,
and can be burnished
to a glittering shine
like no other leather.
R A has an excellent
selection, in price
ranges at 22.00, 30.00
and 40.00. Not cheap
but they'll outwear
any other shoes by a
considerable margin.
Very good
looking, too.
■
■
■
I
I
*
*
ROOS/ATKINS
m \
■
■
■
■
■
0
■
■
■
■
We guess you'd have
to soy that the Cadil
lac (or Ferrari, if you
prefer) of shoes is the
nonpareil of leathers
—cordovan. Made
from the hip of the
horse, cordovan is
tough, long-wearing,
and can be burnished
to a glittering shine
like no other leather.
R A has an excellent
selection, in price
ranges at 22.00, 30.00
and 40.00. Not cheap
but they'll outwear
any other shoes by a
considerable margin.
Very good
looking, too.
■
■
■
I
I
*
*
ROOS/ATKINS
m \
■
■
■
■
■
0
■
■
■
■
We guess you'd have
to soy that the Cadil
lac (or Ferrari, if you
prefer) of shoes is the
nonpareil of leathers
—cordovan. Made
from the hip of the
horse, cordovan is
tough, long-wearing,
and can be burnished
to a glittering shine
like no other leather.
R A has an excellent
selection, in price
ranges at 22.00, 30.00
and 40.00. Not cheap
but they'll outwear
any other shoes by a
considerable margin.
Very good
looking, too.
■
■
■
I
I
*
*
ROOS/ATKINS
m \
■
■
■
■
■
0
■
■
■
■
We guess you'd have
to soy that the Cadil
lac (or Ferrari, if you
prefer) of shoes is the
nonpareil of leathers
—cordovan. Made
from the hip of the
horse, cordovan is
tough, long-wearing,
and can be burnished
to a glittering shine
like no other leather.
R A has an excellent
selection, in price
ranges at 22.00, 30.00
and 40.00. Not cheap
but they'll outwear
any other shoes by a
considerable margin.
Very good
looking, too.
■
■
■
I
I
*
*
ROOS/ATKINS
m \
■
■
■
■
■
0
■
■
■
■
We guess you'd have
to soy that the Cadil
lac (or Ferrari, if you
prefer) of shoes is the
nonpareil of leathers
—cordovan. Made
from the hip of the
horse, cordovan is
tough, long-wearing,
and can be burnished
to a glittering shine
like no other leather.
R A has an excellent
selection, in price
ranges at 22.00, 30.00
and 40.00. Not cheap
but they'll outwear
any other shoes by a
considerable margin.
Very good
looking, too.
■
■
■
I
I
*
*
ROOS/ATKINS
m \
■
■
■
■
■
0
■
■
■
■
We guess you'd have
to soy that the Cadil
lac (or Ferrari, if you
prefer) of shoes is the
nonpareil of leathers
—cordovan. Made
from the hip of the
horse, cordovan is
tough, long-wearing,
and can be burnished
to a glittering shine
like no other leather.
R A has an excellent
selection, in price
ranges at 22.00, 30.00
and 40.00. Not cheap
but they'll outwear
any other shoes by a
considerable margin.
Very good
looking, too.
■
■
■
I
I
*
*
ROOS/ATKINS
