# Aids Biz School
## Growth Fund Started 
### 
A group of Business School
alumni, concerned over the
widening gap between income and
educational costs, has stepped in
with a novel fund raising
approach.
Combining Business School
skills with long experience in
money management, the alumni
have set up a risk fund which aims
to achieve capital growth through
investments in high risk, high
reward securities.
The former students manage
the fund themselves, free of
charge, through an all-alumni
board of trustees and a
hand-picked group of alumni
investment managers.
So far, the rewards have been
well worth the risks. The latest
report shows the trust fund has
grown to $329,000, with capital
gains accounting for better than
half the total ($172,000) and the
balance coming from gifts
($148,000) and reinvested
earnings ($9,000) in the three
years since it was established.
More impressive yet are "Share
value" figures showing that $100
invested in the trust fund at the
start has appreciated to $4 18.
Wentworth said the alumni
investment managers are mainly
interested in discovering common
stocks of companies with high
growth potentials. "Overall
investment policy permits 100
percent of the trust's assets to be
so invested but at the present,
because of the uncertain
corporate profit climate, we are
holding about 40 percent of the
assets in reserve for new equity
investments," Wentworth said.
The managers concentrate on
investing in three types of
companies: those which have
dominant positions in rapidly
growing technological fields; small
innovative companies with high
potential for outstanding capital
appreciation; and under-valued
companies which show promise of
earnings revival.
Most of the investments are in
marketable securities, but
participations in small new
companies yet to "go public" are
also being used, he said. More
than half the stocks are in the
electronic, computer and office
equipment fields and the balance
are widely scattered, he said.

Wentworth says the trust
managers have an unusual
advantage in being exposed to
young, innovative, small
companies in the Bay Area. "We
don't hesitate to consult with
knowledgeable alumni when we're
making investment decisions," he
said.
Wentworth believes the
freedom to invest as the alumni
managers see fit is the most
important feature of the trust
since it "permits an aggressive and
flexible investment policy."
"We have five alumni
investment managers," said
Wentworth, "all of whom have
spent their business lives in
managing assets with growth
objectives. They are located in
both the East and West Coasts.

Each is a specialist in a different
field of investments. Because of
this broad background and the
freedom of action, our group is
able to make carefully-considered
investment decisions and make
them rapidly without formal
meetings or extensive written
reports. Investment decisions
combine long experience, field
research, and an interplay of
ideas."
He recalls that when the trust
got started, three-fourths of the
assets were in two stocks which
had been donated by alumni.
"Instead of diversifying, the
managers decided that these two
stocks had much better than
average potentials, and they were
retained intact."
