# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
jlhomas
temporaries
Whatever your needs,
whatever your skills, for
information on a variety
of jobs —
cal the people
who put YOU first.
328-0300
332 Town & Country Village
Palo Alio
San Jose — 965-2457
San Mateo — 572-1445
French i
Cine-Club H
of Palo Alto
Wed. Feb. 7
7:30 p.m.
Le Roi
de Coeur
(King of Hearts)
by Philippe de Broca
Discussion and wine
DISCOUNT
FAMOUS
BRAND
JUNIOR DRESSES
TOPS AND SKIRTS
Hours
Mon 3 30-6 00 pm
Wed 7 00 900 pm
Sun 2 00-4 00 pm
Virginia P Humphrey
165 University Ave
Auburn Pacific Bldg
Palo Alto 494 3879
J
jlhomas
temporaries
Whatever your needs,
whatever your skills, for
information on a variety
of jobs —
cal the people
who put YOU first.
328-0300
332 Town & Country Village
Palo Alio
San Jose — 965-2457
San Mateo — 572-1445
French i
Cine-Club H
of Palo Alto
Wed. Feb. 7
7:30 p.m.
Le Roi
de Coeur
(King of Hearts)
by Philippe de Broca
Discussion and wine
DISCOUNT
FAMOUS
BRAND
JUNIOR DRESSES
TOPS AND SKIRTS
Hours
Mon 3 30-6 00 pm
Wed 7 00 900 pm
Sun 2 00-4 00 pm
Virginia P Humphrey
165 University Ave
Auburn Pacific Bldg
Palo Alto 494 3879
J
jlhomas
temporaries
Whatever your needs,
whatever your skills, for
information on a variety
of jobs —
cal the people
who put YOU first.
328-0300
332 Town & Country Village
Palo Alio
San Jose — 965-2457
San Mateo — 572-1445
French i
Cine-Club H
of Palo Alto
Wed. Feb. 7
7:30 p.m.
Le Roi
de Coeur
(King of Hearts)
by Philippe de Broca
Discussion and wine
DISCOUNT
FAMOUS
BRAND
JUNIOR DRESSES
TOPS AND SKIRTS
Hours
Mon 3 30-6 00 pm
Wed 7 00 900 pm
Sun 2 00-4 00 pm
Virginia P Humphrey
165 University Ave
Auburn Pacific Bldg
Palo Alto 494 3879
J
jlhomas
temporaries
Whatever your needs,
whatever your skills, for
information on a variety
of jobs —
cal the people
who put YOU first.
328-0300
332 Town & Country Village
Palo Alio
San Jose — 965-2457
San Mateo — 572-1445
French i
Cine-Club H
of Palo Alto
Wed. Feb. 7
7:30 p.m.
Le Roi
de Coeur
(King of Hearts)
by Philippe de Broca
Discussion and wine
DISCOUNT
FAMOUS
BRAND
JUNIOR DRESSES
TOPS AND SKIRTS
Hours
Mon 3 30-6 00 pm
Wed 7 00 900 pm
Sun 2 00-4 00 pm
Virginia P Humphrey
165 University Ave
Auburn Pacific Bldg
Palo Alto 494 3879
J
jlhomas
temporaries
Whatever your needs,
whatever your skills, for
information on a variety
of jobs —
cal the people
who put YOU first.
328-0300
332 Town & Country Village
Palo Alio
San Jose — 965-2457
San Mateo — 572-1445
French i
Cine-Club H
of Palo Alto
Wed. Feb. 7
7:30 p.m.
Le Roi
de Coeur
(King of Hearts)
by Philippe de Broca
Discussion and wine
DISCOUNT
FAMOUS
BRAND
JUNIOR DRESSES
TOPS AND SKIRTS
Hours
Mon 3 30-6 00 pm
Wed 7 00 900 pm
Sun 2 00-4 00 pm
Virginia P Humphrey
165 University Ave
Auburn Pacific Bldg
Palo Alto 494 3879
J
jlhomas
temporaries
Whatever your needs,
whatever your skills, for
information on a variety
of jobs —
cal the people
who put YOU first.
328-0300
332 Town & Country Village
Palo Alio
San Jose — 965-2457
San Mateo — 572-1445
French i
Cine-Club H
of Palo Alto
Wed. Feb. 7
7:30 p.m.
Le Roi
de Coeur
(King of Hearts)
by Philippe de Broca
Discussion and wine
DISCOUNT
FAMOUS
BRAND
JUNIOR DRESSES
TOPS AND SKIRTS
Hours
Mon 3 30-6 00 pm
Wed 7 00 900 pm
Sun 2 00-4 00 pm
Virginia P Humphrey
165 University Ave
Auburn Pacific Bldg
Palo Alto 494 3879
J
jlhomas
temporaries
Whatever your needs,
whatever your skills, for
information on a variety
of jobs —
cal the people
who put YOU first.
328-0300
332 Town & Country Village
Palo Alio
San Jose — 965-2457
San Mateo — 572-1445
French i
Cine-Club H
of Palo Alto
Wed. Feb. 7
7:30 p.m.
Le Roi
de Coeur
(King of Hearts)
by Philippe de Broca
Discussion and wine
DISCOUNT
FAMOUS
BRAND
JUNIOR DRESSES
TOPS AND SKIRTS
Hours
Mon 3 30-6 00 pm
Wed 7 00 900 pm
Sun 2 00-4 00 pm
Virginia P Humphrey
165 University Ave
Auburn Pacific Bldg
Palo Alto 494 3879
J
jlhomas
temporaries
Whatever your needs,
whatever your skills, for
information on a variety
of jobs —
cal the people
who put YOU first.
328-0300
332 Town & Country Village
Palo Alio
San Jose — 965-2457
San Mateo — 572-1445
French i
Cine-Club H
of Palo Alto
Wed. Feb. 7
7:30 p.m.
Le Roi
de Coeur
(King of Hearts)
by Philippe de Broca
Discussion and wine
DISCOUNT
FAMOUS
BRAND
JUNIOR DRESSES
TOPS AND SKIRTS
Hours
Mon 3 30-6 00 pm
Wed 7 00 900 pm
Sun 2 00-4 00 pm
Virginia P Humphrey
165 University Ave
Auburn Pacific Bldg
Palo Alto 494 3879
J
jlhomas
temporaries
Whatever your needs,
whatever your skills, for
information on a variety
of jobs —
cal the people
who put YOU first.
328-0300
332 Town & Country Village
Palo Alio
San Jose — 965-2457
San Mateo — 572-1445
French i
Cine-Club H
of Palo Alto
Wed. Feb. 7
7:30 p.m.
Le Roi
de Coeur
(King of Hearts)
by Philippe de Broca
Discussion and wine
DISCOUNT
FAMOUS
BRAND
JUNIOR DRESSES
TOPS AND SKIRTS
Hours
Mon 3 30-6 00 pm
Wed 7 00 900 pm
Sun 2 00-4 00 pm
Virginia P Humphrey
165 University Ave
Auburn Pacific Bldg
Palo Alto 494 3879
J
