# John Driscoll Killed in Crash
## 
### 
John T. Driscoll, Stanford '40, was
killed last Friday when the plane he
was piloting on a cross-country
training flight exploded in mid-air
near Chico. Driscoll, who was grad
uated with the highest C.A.A. rating
ever given a Stanford student, was a
Hying cadet lrom Mather Field,
Sacramento.
The cause of the explosion which
threw both Driscoll and his in
structor out of the plane is as yet
unknown, according to Moffett Field
officials. It is believed that Driscoll
lost consciousness in the explosion
and, unable to pull the rip cord of
his parachute, was killed in the
crash. His instructor parachuted
safely to ground but was delerious
for sevei'al hours.
The plane, which ignited, was
completely demolished.
Driscoll was a Kappa Sigma at
Stanford, and while taking his pri
mary training at Tulare Field, he
was the first in his class to solo.
John T. Driscoll, Stanford '40, was
killed last Friday when the plane he
was piloting on a cross-country
training flight exploded in mid-air
near Chico. Driscoll, who was grad
uated with the highest C.A.A. rating
ever given a Stanford student, was a
Hying cadet lrom Mather Field,
Sacramento.
The cause of the explosion which
threw both Driscoll and his in
structor out of the plane is as yet
unknown, according to Moffett Field
officials. It is believed that Driscoll
lost consciousness in the explosion
and, unable to pull the rip cord of
his parachute, was killed in the
crash. His instructor parachuted
safely to ground but was delerious
for sevei'al hours.
The plane, which ignited, was
completely demolished.
Driscoll was a Kappa Sigma at
Stanford, and while taking his pri
mary training at Tulare Field, he
was the first in his class to solo.
John T. Driscoll, Stanford '40, was
killed last Friday when the plane he
was piloting on a cross-country
training flight exploded in mid-air
near Chico. Driscoll, who was grad
uated with the highest C.A.A. rating
ever given a Stanford student, was a
Hying cadet lrom Mather Field,
Sacramento.
The cause of the explosion which
threw both Driscoll and his in
structor out of the plane is as yet
unknown, according to Moffett Field
officials. It is believed that Driscoll
lost consciousness in the explosion
and, unable to pull the rip cord of
his parachute, was killed in the
crash. His instructor parachuted
safely to ground but was delerious
for sevei'al hours.
The plane, which ignited, was
completely demolished.
Driscoll was a Kappa Sigma at
Stanford, and while taking his pri
mary training at Tulare Field, he
was the first in his class to solo.
John T. Driscoll, Stanford '40, was
killed last Friday when the plane he
was piloting on a cross-country
training flight exploded in mid-air
near Chico. Driscoll, who was grad
uated with the highest C.A.A. rating
ever given a Stanford student, was a
Hying cadet lrom Mather Field,
Sacramento.
The cause of the explosion which
threw both Driscoll and his in
structor out of the plane is as yet
unknown, according to Moffett Field
officials. It is believed that Driscoll
lost consciousness in the explosion
and, unable to pull the rip cord of
his parachute, was killed in the
crash. His instructor parachuted
safely to ground but was delerious
for sevei'al hours.
The plane, which ignited, was
completely demolished.
Driscoll was a Kappa Sigma at
Stanford, and while taking his pri
mary training at Tulare Field, he
was the first in his class to solo.
John T. Driscoll, Stanford '40, was
killed last Friday when the plane he
was piloting on a cross-country
training flight exploded in mid-air
near Chico. Driscoll, who was grad
uated with the highest C.A.A. rating
ever given a Stanford student, was a
Hying cadet lrom Mather Field,
Sacramento.
The cause of the explosion which
threw both Driscoll and his in
structor out of the plane is as yet
unknown, according to Moffett Field
officials. It is believed that Driscoll
lost consciousness in the explosion
and, unable to pull the rip cord of
his parachute, was killed in the
crash. His instructor parachuted
safely to ground but was delerious
for sevei'al hours.
The plane, which ignited, was
completely demolished.
Driscoll was a Kappa Sigma at
Stanford, and while taking his pri
mary training at Tulare Field, he
was the first in his class to solo.
John T. Driscoll, Stanford '40, was
killed last Friday when the plane he
was piloting on a cross-country
training flight exploded in mid-air
near Chico. Driscoll, who was grad
uated with the highest C.A.A. rating
ever given a Stanford student, was a
Hying cadet lrom Mather Field,
Sacramento.
The cause of the explosion which
threw both Driscoll and his in
structor out of the plane is as yet
unknown, according to Moffett Field
officials. It is believed that Driscoll
lost consciousness in the explosion
and, unable to pull the rip cord of
his parachute, was killed in the
crash. His instructor parachuted
safely to ground but was delerious
for sevei'al hours.
The plane, which ignited, was
completely demolished.
Driscoll was a Kappa Sigma at
Stanford, and while taking his pri
mary training at Tulare Field, he
was the first in his class to solo.
John T. Driscoll, Stanford '40, was
killed last Friday when the plane he
was piloting on a cross-country
training flight exploded in mid-air
near Chico. Driscoll, who was grad
uated with the highest C.A.A. rating
ever given a Stanford student, was a
Hying cadet lrom Mather Field,
Sacramento.
The cause of the explosion which
threw both Driscoll and his in
structor out of the plane is as yet
unknown, according to Moffett Field
officials. It is believed that Driscoll
lost consciousness in the explosion
and, unable to pull the rip cord of
his parachute, was killed in the
crash. His instructor parachuted
safely to ground but was delerious
for sevei'al hours.
The plane, which ignited, was
completely demolished.
Driscoll was a Kappa Sigma at
Stanford, and while taking his pri
mary training at Tulare Field, he
was the first in his class to solo.
John T. Driscoll, Stanford '40, was
killed last Friday when the plane he
was piloting on a cross-country
training flight exploded in mid-air
near Chico. Driscoll, who was grad
uated with the highest C.A.A. rating
ever given a Stanford student, was a
Hying cadet lrom Mather Field,
Sacramento.
The cause of the explosion which
threw both Driscoll and his in
structor out of the plane is as yet
unknown, according to Moffett Field
officials. It is believed that Driscoll
lost consciousness in the explosion
and, unable to pull the rip cord of
his parachute, was killed in the
crash. His instructor parachuted
safely to ground but was delerious
for sevei'al hours.
The plane, which ignited, was
completely demolished.
Driscoll was a Kappa Sigma at
Stanford, and while taking his pri
mary training at Tulare Field, he
was the first in his class to solo.
John T. Driscoll, Stanford '40, was
killed last Friday when the plane he
was piloting on a cross-country
training flight exploded in mid-air
near Chico. Driscoll, who was grad
uated with the highest C.A.A. rating
ever given a Stanford student, was a
Hying cadet lrom Mather Field,
Sacramento.
The cause of the explosion which
threw both Driscoll and his in
structor out of the plane is as yet
unknown, according to Moffett Field
officials. It is believed that Driscoll
lost consciousness in the explosion
and, unable to pull the rip cord of
his parachute, was killed in the
crash. His instructor parachuted
safely to ground but was delerious
for sevei'al hours.
The plane, which ignited, was
completely demolished.
Driscoll was a Kappa Sigma at
Stanford, and while taking his pri
mary training at Tulare Field, he
was the first in his class to solo.
John T. Driscoll, Stanford '40, was
killed last Friday when the plane he
was piloting on a cross-country
training flight exploded in mid-air
near Chico. Driscoll, who was grad
uated with the highest C.A.A. rating
ever given a Stanford student, was a
Hying cadet lrom Mather Field,
Sacramento.
The cause of the explosion which
threw both Driscoll and his in
structor out of the plane is as yet
unknown, according to Moffett Field
officials. It is believed that Driscoll
lost consciousness in the explosion
and, unable to pull the rip cord of
his parachute, was killed in the
crash. His instructor parachuted
safely to ground but was delerious
for sevei'al hours.
The plane, which ignited, was
completely demolished.
Driscoll was a Kappa Sigma at
Stanford, and while taking his pri
mary training at Tulare Field, he
was the first in his class to solo.
John T. Driscoll, Stanford '40, was
killed last Friday when the plane he
was piloting on a cross-country
training flight exploded in mid-air
near Chico. Driscoll, who was grad
uated with the highest C.A.A. rating
ever given a Stanford student, was a
Hying cadet lrom Mather Field,
Sacramento.
The cause of the explosion which
threw both Driscoll and his in
structor out of the plane is as yet
unknown, according to Moffett Field
officials. It is believed that Driscoll
lost consciousness in the explosion
and, unable to pull the rip cord of
his parachute, was killed in the
crash. His instructor parachuted
safely to ground but was delerious
for sevei'al hours.
The plane, which ignited, was
completely demolished.
Driscoll was a Kappa Sigma at
Stanford, and while taking his pri
mary training at Tulare Field, he
was the first in his class to solo.
John T. Driscoll, Stanford '40, was
killed last Friday when the plane he
was piloting on a cross-country
training flight exploded in mid-air
near Chico. Driscoll, who was grad
uated with the highest C.A.A. rating
ever given a Stanford student, was a
Hying cadet lrom Mather Field,
Sacramento.
The cause of the explosion which
threw both Driscoll and his in
structor out of the plane is as yet
unknown, according to Moffett Field
officials. It is believed that Driscoll
lost consciousness in the explosion
and, unable to pull the rip cord of
his parachute, was killed in the
crash. His instructor parachuted
safely to ground but was delerious
for sevei'al hours.
The plane, which ignited, was
completely demolished.
Driscoll was a Kappa Sigma at
Stanford, and while taking his pri
mary training at Tulare Field, he
was the first in his class to solo.
John T. Driscoll, Stanford '40, was
killed last Friday when the plane he
was piloting on a cross-country
training flight exploded in mid-air
near Chico. Driscoll, who was grad
uated with the highest C.A.A. rating
ever given a Stanford student, was a
Hying cadet lrom Mather Field,
Sacramento.
The cause of the explosion which
threw both Driscoll and his in
structor out of the plane is as yet
unknown, according to Moffett Field
officials. It is believed that Driscoll
lost consciousness in the explosion
and, unable to pull the rip cord of
his parachute, was killed in the
crash. His instructor parachuted
safely to ground but was delerious
for sevei'al hours.
The plane, which ignited, was
completely demolished.
Driscoll was a Kappa Sigma at
Stanford, and while taking his pri
mary training at Tulare Field, he
was the first in his class to solo.
John T. Driscoll, Stanford '40, was
killed last Friday when the plane he
was piloting on a cross-country
training flight exploded in mid-air
near Chico. Driscoll, who was grad
uated with the highest C.A.A. rating
ever given a Stanford student, was a
Hying cadet lrom Mather Field,
Sacramento.
The cause of the explosion which
threw both Driscoll and his in
structor out of the plane is as yet
unknown, according to Moffett Field
officials. It is believed that Driscoll
lost consciousness in the explosion
and, unable to pull the rip cord of
his parachute, was killed in the
crash. His instructor parachuted
safely to ground but was delerious
for sevei'al hours.
The plane, which ignited, was
completely demolished.
Driscoll was a Kappa Sigma at
Stanford, and while taking his pri
mary training at Tulare Field, he
was the first in his class to solo.
John T. Driscoll, Stanford '40, was
killed last Friday when the plane he
was piloting on a cross-country
training flight exploded in mid-air
near Chico. Driscoll, who was grad
uated with the highest C.A.A. rating
ever given a Stanford student, was a
Hying cadet lrom Mather Field,
Sacramento.
The cause of the explosion which
threw both Driscoll and his in
structor out of the plane is as yet
unknown, according to Moffett Field
officials. It is believed that Driscoll
lost consciousness in the explosion
and, unable to pull the rip cord of
his parachute, was killed in the
crash. His instructor parachuted
safely to ground but was delerious
for sevei'al hours.
The plane, which ignited, was
completely demolished.
Driscoll was a Kappa Sigma at
Stanford, and while taking his pri
mary training at Tulare Field, he
was the first in his class to solo.
John T. Driscoll, Stanford '40, was
killed last Friday when the plane he
was piloting on a cross-country
training flight exploded in mid-air
near Chico. Driscoll, who was grad
uated with the highest C.A.A. rating
ever given a Stanford student, was a
Hying cadet lrom Mather Field,
Sacramento.
The cause of the explosion which
threw both Driscoll and his in
structor out of the plane is as yet
unknown, according to Moffett Field
officials. It is believed that Driscoll
lost consciousness in the explosion
and, unable to pull the rip cord of
his parachute, was killed in the
crash. His instructor parachuted
safely to ground but was delerious
for sevei'al hours.
The plane, which ignited, was
completely demolished.
Driscoll was a Kappa Sigma at
Stanford, and while taking his pri
mary training at Tulare Field, he
was the first in his class to solo.
John T. Driscoll, Stanford '40, was
killed last Friday when the plane he
was piloting on a cross-country
training flight exploded in mid-air
near Chico. Driscoll, who was grad
uated with the highest C.A.A. rating
ever given a Stanford student, was a
Hying cadet lrom Mather Field,
Sacramento.
The cause of the explosion which
threw both Driscoll and his in
structor out of the plane is as yet
unknown, according to Moffett Field
officials. It is believed that Driscoll
lost consciousness in the explosion
and, unable to pull the rip cord of
his parachute, was killed in the
crash. His instructor parachuted
safely to ground but was delerious
for sevei'al hours.
The plane, which ignited, was
completely demolished.
Driscoll was a Kappa Sigma at
Stanford, and while taking his pri
mary training at Tulare Field, he
was the first in his class to solo.
John T. Driscoll, Stanford '40, was
killed last Friday when the plane he
was piloting on a cross-country
training flight exploded in mid-air
near Chico. Driscoll, who was grad
uated with the highest C.A.A. rating
ever given a Stanford student, was a
Hying cadet lrom Mather Field,
Sacramento.
The cause of the explosion which
threw both Driscoll and his in
structor out of the plane is as yet
unknown, according to Moffett Field
officials. It is believed that Driscoll
lost consciousness in the explosion
and, unable to pull the rip cord of
his parachute, was killed in the
crash. His instructor parachuted
safely to ground but was delerious
for sevei'al hours.
The plane, which ignited, was
completely demolished.
Driscoll was a Kappa Sigma at
Stanford, and while taking his pri
mary training at Tulare Field, he
was the first in his class to solo.
