# Sorority Burglar Caught by Police
## 
### 
The case of the Pi Phi burglar is
now officially closed, according to
Gordon Davis, chief of police for
Stanford University.
Refusing to reveal the suspect's
name because of possible injury to
innocent persons, Mr. Davis stated
that the only charges filed against
him were those of intoxication and
illegal entry. Whether or not these
charges will be pressed was not re
vealed.
The case of the Pi Phi burglar is
now officially closed, according to
Gordon Davis, chief of police for
Stanford University.
Refusing to reveal the suspect's
name because of possible injury to
innocent persons, Mr. Davis stated
that the only charges filed against
him were those of intoxication and
illegal entry. Whether or not these
charges will be pressed was not re
vealed.
The case of the Pi Phi burglar is
now officially closed, according to
Gordon Davis, chief of police for
Stanford University.
Refusing to reveal the suspect's
name because of possible injury to
innocent persons, Mr. Davis stated
that the only charges filed against
him were those of intoxication and
illegal entry. Whether or not these
charges will be pressed was not re
vealed.
The case of the Pi Phi burglar is
now officially closed, according to
Gordon Davis, chief of police for
Stanford University.
Refusing to reveal the suspect's
name because of possible injury to
innocent persons, Mr. Davis stated
that the only charges filed against
him were those of intoxication and
illegal entry. Whether or not these
charges will be pressed was not re
vealed.
The case of the Pi Phi burglar is
now officially closed, according to
Gordon Davis, chief of police for
Stanford University.
Refusing to reveal the suspect's
name because of possible injury to
innocent persons, Mr. Davis stated
that the only charges filed against
him were those of intoxication and
illegal entry. Whether or not these
charges will be pressed was not re
vealed.
The case of the Pi Phi burglar is
now officially closed, according to
Gordon Davis, chief of police for
Stanford University.
Refusing to reveal the suspect's
name because of possible injury to
innocent persons, Mr. Davis stated
that the only charges filed against
him were those of intoxication and
illegal entry. Whether or not these
charges will be pressed was not re
vealed.
The case of the Pi Phi burglar is
now officially closed, according to
Gordon Davis, chief of police for
Stanford University.
Refusing to reveal the suspect's
name because of possible injury to
innocent persons, Mr. Davis stated
that the only charges filed against
him were those of intoxication and
illegal entry. Whether or not these
charges will be pressed was not re
vealed.
The case of the Pi Phi burglar is
now officially closed, according to
Gordon Davis, chief of police for
Stanford University.
Refusing to reveal the suspect's
name because of possible injury to
innocent persons, Mr. Davis stated
that the only charges filed against
him were those of intoxication and
illegal entry. Whether or not these
charges will be pressed was not re
vealed.
The case of the Pi Phi burglar is
now officially closed, according to
Gordon Davis, chief of police for
Stanford University.
Refusing to reveal the suspect's
name because of possible injury to
innocent persons, Mr. Davis stated
that the only charges filed against
him were those of intoxication and
illegal entry. Whether or not these
charges will be pressed was not re
vealed.
The case of the Pi Phi burglar is
now officially closed, according to
Gordon Davis, chief of police for
Stanford University.
Refusing to reveal the suspect's
name because of possible injury to
innocent persons, Mr. Davis stated
that the only charges filed against
him were those of intoxication and
illegal entry. Whether or not these
charges will be pressed was not re
vealed.
The case of the Pi Phi burglar is
now officially closed, according to
Gordon Davis, chief of police for
Stanford University.
Refusing to reveal the suspect's
name because of possible injury to
innocent persons, Mr. Davis stated
that the only charges filed against
him were those of intoxication and
illegal entry. Whether or not these
charges will be pressed was not re
vealed.
The case of the Pi Phi burglar is
now officially closed, according to
Gordon Davis, chief of police for
Stanford University.
Refusing to reveal the suspect's
name because of possible injury to
innocent persons, Mr. Davis stated
that the only charges filed against
him were those of intoxication and
illegal entry. Whether or not these
charges will be pressed was not re
vealed.
The case of the Pi Phi burglar is
now officially closed, according to
Gordon Davis, chief of police for
Stanford University.
Refusing to reveal the suspect's
name because of possible injury to
innocent persons, Mr. Davis stated
that the only charges filed against
him were those of intoxication and
illegal entry. Whether or not these
charges will be pressed was not re
vealed.
The case of the Pi Phi burglar is
now officially closed, according to
Gordon Davis, chief of police for
Stanford University.
Refusing to reveal the suspect's
name because of possible injury to
innocent persons, Mr. Davis stated
that the only charges filed against
him were those of intoxication and
illegal entry. Whether or not these
charges will be pressed was not re
vealed.
The case of the Pi Phi burglar is
now officially closed, according to
Gordon Davis, chief of police for
Stanford University.
Refusing to reveal the suspect's
name because of possible injury to
innocent persons, Mr. Davis stated
that the only charges filed against
him were those of intoxication and
illegal entry. Whether or not these
charges will be pressed was not re
vealed.
The case of the Pi Phi burglar is
now officially closed, according to
Gordon Davis, chief of police for
Stanford University.
Refusing to reveal the suspect's
name because of possible injury to
innocent persons, Mr. Davis stated
that the only charges filed against
him were those of intoxication and
illegal entry. Whether or not these
charges will be pressed was not re
vealed.
The case of the Pi Phi burglar is
now officially closed, according to
Gordon Davis, chief of police for
Stanford University.
Refusing to reveal the suspect's
name because of possible injury to
innocent persons, Mr. Davis stated
that the only charges filed against
him were those of intoxication and
illegal entry. Whether or not these
charges will be pressed was not re
vealed.
The case of the Pi Phi burglar is
now officially closed, according to
Gordon Davis, chief of police for
Stanford University.
Refusing to reveal the suspect's
name because of possible injury to
innocent persons, Mr. Davis stated
that the only charges filed against
him were those of intoxication and
illegal entry. Whether or not these
charges will be pressed was not re
vealed.
