# LONDON RUMORS GROW OVER ITALY
## 
### 
LONDON, Sept. 28 (UP).—The ar
rival of David Grey, United States
minister to Eire, and a reported con
ference between Myron C. Taylor,
President Roosevelt's representative
to (lie Vatican, and Prime Minister
Winston Churchill kept the rumor
factory working overtime tonight
regarding the situation in Italy.
There were fanciful prognostications
that Italy might be seeking a sepa
rate' peace.
LONDON, Sept. 28 (UP).—The ar
rival of David Grey, United States
minister to Eire, and a reported con
ference between Myron C. Taylor,
President Roosevelt's representative
to (lie Vatican, and Prime Minister
Winston Churchill kept the rumor
factory working overtime tonight
regarding the situation in Italy.
There were fanciful prognostications
that Italy might be seeking a sepa
rate' peace.
LONDON, Sept. 28 (UP).—The ar
rival of David Grey, United States
minister to Eire, and a reported con
ference between Myron C. Taylor,
President Roosevelt's representative
to (lie Vatican, and Prime Minister
Winston Churchill kept the rumor
factory working overtime tonight
regarding the situation in Italy.
There were fanciful prognostications
that Italy might be seeking a sepa
rate' peace.
LONDON, Sept. 28 (UP).—The ar
rival of David Grey, United States
minister to Eire, and a reported con
ference between Myron C. Taylor,
President Roosevelt's representative
to (lie Vatican, and Prime Minister
Winston Churchill kept the rumor
factory working overtime tonight
regarding the situation in Italy.
There were fanciful prognostications
that Italy might be seeking a sepa
rate' peace.
LONDON, Sept. 28 (UP).—The ar
rival of David Grey, United States
minister to Eire, and a reported con
ference between Myron C. Taylor,
President Roosevelt's representative
to (lie Vatican, and Prime Minister
Winston Churchill kept the rumor
factory working overtime tonight
regarding the situation in Italy.
There were fanciful prognostications
that Italy might be seeking a sepa
rate' peace.
LONDON, Sept. 28 (UP).—The ar
rival of David Grey, United States
minister to Eire, and a reported con
ference between Myron C. Taylor,
President Roosevelt's representative
to (lie Vatican, and Prime Minister
Winston Churchill kept the rumor
factory working overtime tonight
regarding the situation in Italy.
There were fanciful prognostications
that Italy might be seeking a sepa
rate' peace.
LONDON, Sept. 28 (UP).—The ar
rival of David Grey, United States
minister to Eire, and a reported con
ference between Myron C. Taylor,
President Roosevelt's representative
to (lie Vatican, and Prime Minister
Winston Churchill kept the rumor
factory working overtime tonight
regarding the situation in Italy.
There were fanciful prognostications
that Italy might be seeking a sepa
rate' peace.
LONDON, Sept. 28 (UP).—The ar
rival of David Grey, United States
minister to Eire, and a reported con
ference between Myron C. Taylor,
President Roosevelt's representative
to (lie Vatican, and Prime Minister
Winston Churchill kept the rumor
factory working overtime tonight
regarding the situation in Italy.
There were fanciful prognostications
that Italy might be seeking a sepa
rate' peace.
LONDON, Sept. 28 (UP).—The ar
rival of David Grey, United States
minister to Eire, and a reported con
ference between Myron C. Taylor,
President Roosevelt's representative
to (lie Vatican, and Prime Minister
Winston Churchill kept the rumor
factory working overtime tonight
regarding the situation in Italy.
There were fanciful prognostications
that Italy might be seeking a sepa
rate' peace.
LONDON, Sept. 28 (UP).—The ar
rival of David Grey, United States
minister to Eire, and a reported con
ference between Myron C. Taylor,
President Roosevelt's representative
to (lie Vatican, and Prime Minister
Winston Churchill kept the rumor
factory working overtime tonight
regarding the situation in Italy.
There were fanciful prognostications
that Italy might be seeking a sepa
rate' peace.
LONDON, Sept. 28 (UP).—The ar
rival of David Grey, United States
minister to Eire, and a reported con
ference between Myron C. Taylor,
President Roosevelt's representative
to (lie Vatican, and Prime Minister
Winston Churchill kept the rumor
factory working overtime tonight
regarding the situation in Italy.
There were fanciful prognostications
that Italy might be seeking a sepa
rate' peace.
LONDON, Sept. 28 (UP).—The ar
rival of David Grey, United States
minister to Eire, and a reported con
ference between Myron C. Taylor,
President Roosevelt's representative
to (lie Vatican, and Prime Minister
Winston Churchill kept the rumor
factory working overtime tonight
regarding the situation in Italy.
There were fanciful prognostications
that Italy might be seeking a sepa
rate' peace.
LONDON, Sept. 28 (UP).—The ar
rival of David Grey, United States
minister to Eire, and a reported con
ference between Myron C. Taylor,
President Roosevelt's representative
to (lie Vatican, and Prime Minister
Winston Churchill kept the rumor
factory working overtime tonight
regarding the situation in Italy.
There were fanciful prognostications
that Italy might be seeking a sepa
rate' peace.
LONDON, Sept. 28 (UP).—The ar
rival of David Grey, United States
minister to Eire, and a reported con
ference between Myron C. Taylor,
President Roosevelt's representative
to (lie Vatican, and Prime Minister
Winston Churchill kept the rumor
factory working overtime tonight
regarding the situation in Italy.
There were fanciful prognostications
that Italy might be seeking a sepa
rate' peace.
LONDON, Sept. 28 (UP).—The ar
rival of David Grey, United States
minister to Eire, and a reported con
ference between Myron C. Taylor,
President Roosevelt's representative
to (lie Vatican, and Prime Minister
Winston Churchill kept the rumor
factory working overtime tonight
regarding the situation in Italy.
There were fanciful prognostications
that Italy might be seeking a sepa
rate' peace.
LONDON, Sept. 28 (UP).—The ar
rival of David Grey, United States
minister to Eire, and a reported con
ference between Myron C. Taylor,
President Roosevelt's representative
to (lie Vatican, and Prime Minister
Winston Churchill kept the rumor
factory working overtime tonight
regarding the situation in Italy.
There were fanciful prognostications
that Italy might be seeking a sepa
rate' peace.
LONDON, Sept. 28 (UP).—The ar
rival of David Grey, United States
minister to Eire, and a reported con
ference between Myron C. Taylor,
President Roosevelt's representative
to (lie Vatican, and Prime Minister
Winston Churchill kept the rumor
factory working overtime tonight
regarding the situation in Italy.
There were fanciful prognostications
that Italy might be seeking a sepa
rate' peace.
LONDON, Sept. 28 (UP).—The ar
rival of David Grey, United States
minister to Eire, and a reported con
ference between Myron C. Taylor,
President Roosevelt's representative
to (lie Vatican, and Prime Minister
Winston Churchill kept the rumor
factory working overtime tonight
regarding the situation in Italy.
There were fanciful prognostications
that Italy might be seeking a sepa
rate' peace.
