# First Student
## 
### 

A PART of the festivities Her
bert Hoover, above, took part in
as a student will be re-enacted
next Friday evening as a part of
the 50th Anniversary Celebration.

A PART of the festivities Her
bert Hoover, above, took part in
as a student will be re-enacted
next Friday evening as a part of
the 50th Anniversary Celebration.

A PART of the festivities Her
bert Hoover, above, took part in
as a student will be re-enacted
next Friday evening as a part of
the 50th Anniversary Celebration.

A PART of the festivities Her
bert Hoover, above, took part in
as a student will be re-enacted
next Friday evening as a part of
the 50th Anniversary Celebration.

A PART of the festivities Her
bert Hoover, above, took part in
as a student will be re-enacted
next Friday evening as a part of
the 50th Anniversary Celebration.

A PART of the festivities Her
bert Hoover, above, took part in
as a student will be re-enacted
next Friday evening as a part of
the 50th Anniversary Celebration.

A PART of the festivities Her
bert Hoover, above, took part in
as a student will be re-enacted
next Friday evening as a part of
the 50th Anniversary Celebration.

A PART of the festivities Her
bert Hoover, above, took part in
as a student will be re-enacted
next Friday evening as a part of
the 50th Anniversary Celebration.

A PART of the festivities Her
bert Hoover, above, took part in
as a student will be re-enacted
next Friday evening as a part of
the 50th Anniversary Celebration.

A PART of the festivities Her
bert Hoover, above, took part in
as a student will be re-enacted
next Friday evening as a part of
the 50th Anniversary Celebration.

A PART of the festivities Her
bert Hoover, above, took part in
as a student will be re-enacted
next Friday evening as a part of
the 50th Anniversary Celebration.

A PART of the festivities Her
bert Hoover, above, took part in
as a student will be re-enacted
next Friday evening as a part of
the 50th Anniversary Celebration.

A PART of the festivities Her
bert Hoover, above, took part in
as a student will be re-enacted
next Friday evening as a part of
the 50th Anniversary Celebration.

A PART of the festivities Her
bert Hoover, above, took part in
as a student will be re-enacted
next Friday evening as a part of
the 50th Anniversary Celebration.

A PART of the festivities Her
bert Hoover, above, took part in
as a student will be re-enacted
next Friday evening as a part of
the 50th Anniversary Celebration.

A PART of the festivities Her
bert Hoover, above, took part in
as a student will be re-enacted
next Friday evening as a part of
the 50th Anniversary Celebration.

A PART of the festivities Her
bert Hoover, above, took part in
as a student will be re-enacted
next Friday evening as a part of
the 50th Anniversary Celebration.

A PART of the festivities Her
bert Hoover, above, took part in
as a student will be re-enacted
next Friday evening as a part of
the 50th Anniversary Celebration.
