# Philip Zaugg Funeral Rites Set in Tacoma
## 
### 
Funeral services for Philip Fred~
erick Zaugg, 24-year-old pre-legal
student who died Tuesday morning
from injuries received in a plane
, crash Monday, will be held in Ta
coma, Wash.
Zaugg's parents arrived from Ta
coma Tuesday and left the same day
after making arrangements to have
the remains sent to Washington.
was a member of the Sig
ma Alpha Epsilon fraternity, the
United States Naval Reserve, and
was a bomber pilot, during the war.
Zaugg died at 6:15 Tuesday morn
ing from a brain concussion and
contusion. The plane which he was
flying crashed about 4:15 Monday
afternoon in heavy timber near
Woodside. He was accompanied on
the flight by Bob Reynolds, Alpha
Sigma Phi, who was uninjured.
The plane in which Zaugg and
Reynolds crashed was returned to
the Palo Alto airport yesterday,
where Civil Aeronautics Authority
1 Inspector John Fouche said evi
dence showed the propeller was
turning when the plane crashed.
Funeral services for Philip Fred~
erick Zaugg, 24-year-old pre-legal
student who died Tuesday morning
from injuries received in a plane
, crash Monday, will be held in Ta
coma, Wash.
Zaugg's parents arrived from Ta
coma Tuesday and left the same day
after making arrangements to have
the remains sent to Washington.
was a member of the Sig
ma Alpha Epsilon fraternity, the
United States Naval Reserve, and
was a bomber pilot, during the war.
Zaugg died at 6:15 Tuesday morn
ing from a brain concussion and
contusion. The plane which he was
flying crashed about 4:15 Monday
afternoon in heavy timber near
Woodside. He was accompanied on
the flight by Bob Reynolds, Alpha
Sigma Phi, who was uninjured.
The plane in which Zaugg and
Reynolds crashed was returned to
the Palo Alto airport yesterday,
where Civil Aeronautics Authority
1 Inspector John Fouche said evi
dence showed the propeller was
turning when the plane crashed.
Funeral services for Philip Fred~
erick Zaugg, 24-year-old pre-legal
student who died Tuesday morning
from injuries received in a plane
, crash Monday, will be held in Ta
coma, Wash.
Zaugg's parents arrived from Ta
coma Tuesday and left the same day
after making arrangements to have
the remains sent to Washington.
was a member of the Sig
ma Alpha Epsilon fraternity, the
United States Naval Reserve, and
was a bomber pilot, during the war.
Zaugg died at 6:15 Tuesday morn
ing from a brain concussion and
contusion. The plane which he was
flying crashed about 4:15 Monday
afternoon in heavy timber near
Woodside. He was accompanied on
the flight by Bob Reynolds, Alpha
Sigma Phi, who was uninjured.
The plane in which Zaugg and
Reynolds crashed was returned to
the Palo Alto airport yesterday,
where Civil Aeronautics Authority
1 Inspector John Fouche said evi
dence showed the propeller was
turning when the plane crashed.
Funeral services for Philip Fred~
erick Zaugg, 24-year-old pre-legal
student who died Tuesday morning
from injuries received in a plane
, crash Monday, will be held in Ta
coma, Wash.
Zaugg's parents arrived from Ta
coma Tuesday and left the same day
after making arrangements to have
the remains sent to Washington.
was a member of the Sig
ma Alpha Epsilon fraternity, the
United States Naval Reserve, and
was a bomber pilot, during the war.
Zaugg died at 6:15 Tuesday morn
ing from a brain concussion and
contusion. The plane which he was
flying crashed about 4:15 Monday
afternoon in heavy timber near
Woodside. He was accompanied on
the flight by Bob Reynolds, Alpha
Sigma Phi, who was uninjured.
The plane in which Zaugg and
Reynolds crashed was returned to
the Palo Alto airport yesterday,
where Civil Aeronautics Authority
1 Inspector John Fouche said evi
dence showed the propeller was
turning when the plane crashed.
Funeral services for Philip Fred~
erick Zaugg, 24-year-old pre-legal
student who died Tuesday morning
from injuries received in a plane
, crash Monday, will be held in Ta
coma, Wash.
Zaugg's parents arrived from Ta
coma Tuesday and left the same day
after making arrangements to have
the remains sent to Washington.
was a member of the Sig
ma Alpha Epsilon fraternity, the
United States Naval Reserve, and
was a bomber pilot, during the war.
Zaugg died at 6:15 Tuesday morn
ing from a brain concussion and
contusion. The plane which he was
flying crashed about 4:15 Monday
afternoon in heavy timber near
Woodside. He was accompanied on
the flight by Bob Reynolds, Alpha
Sigma Phi, who was uninjured.
The plane in which Zaugg and
Reynolds crashed was returned to
the Palo Alto airport yesterday,
where Civil Aeronautics Authority
1 Inspector John Fouche said evi
dence showed the propeller was
turning when the plane crashed.
Funeral services for Philip Fred~
erick Zaugg, 24-year-old pre-legal
student who died Tuesday morning
from injuries received in a plane
, crash Monday, will be held in Ta
coma, Wash.
Zaugg's parents arrived from Ta
coma Tuesday and left the same day
after making arrangements to have
the remains sent to Washington.
was a member of the Sig
ma Alpha Epsilon fraternity, the
United States Naval Reserve, and
was a bomber pilot, during the war.
Zaugg died at 6:15 Tuesday morn
ing from a brain concussion and
contusion. The plane which he was
flying crashed about 4:15 Monday
afternoon in heavy timber near
Woodside. He was accompanied on
the flight by Bob Reynolds, Alpha
Sigma Phi, who was uninjured.
The plane in which Zaugg and
Reynolds crashed was returned to
the Palo Alto airport yesterday,
where Civil Aeronautics Authority
1 Inspector John Fouche said evi
dence showed the propeller was
turning when the plane crashed.
Funeral services for Philip Fred~
erick Zaugg, 24-year-old pre-legal
student who died Tuesday morning
from injuries received in a plane
, crash Monday, will be held in Ta
coma, Wash.
Zaugg's parents arrived from Ta
coma Tuesday and left the same day
after making arrangements to have
the remains sent to Washington.
was a member of the Sig
ma Alpha Epsilon fraternity, the
United States Naval Reserve, and
was a bomber pilot, during the war.
Zaugg died at 6:15 Tuesday morn
ing from a brain concussion and
contusion. The plane which he was
flying crashed about 4:15 Monday
afternoon in heavy timber near
Woodside. He was accompanied on
the flight by Bob Reynolds, Alpha
Sigma Phi, who was uninjured.
The plane in which Zaugg and
Reynolds crashed was returned to
the Palo Alto airport yesterday,
where Civil Aeronautics Authority
1 Inspector John Fouche said evi
dence showed the propeller was
turning when the plane crashed.
Funeral services for Philip Fred~
erick Zaugg, 24-year-old pre-legal
student who died Tuesday morning
from injuries received in a plane
, crash Monday, will be held in Ta
coma, Wash.
Zaugg's parents arrived from Ta
coma Tuesday and left the same day
after making arrangements to have
the remains sent to Washington.
was a member of the Sig
ma Alpha Epsilon fraternity, the
United States Naval Reserve, and
was a bomber pilot, during the war.
Zaugg died at 6:15 Tuesday morn
ing from a brain concussion and
contusion. The plane which he was
flying crashed about 4:15 Monday
afternoon in heavy timber near
Woodside. He was accompanied on
the flight by Bob Reynolds, Alpha
Sigma Phi, who was uninjured.
The plane in which Zaugg and
Reynolds crashed was returned to
the Palo Alto airport yesterday,
where Civil Aeronautics Authority
1 Inspector John Fouche said evi
dence showed the propeller was
turning when the plane crashed.
Funeral services for Philip Fred~
erick Zaugg, 24-year-old pre-legal
student who died Tuesday morning
from injuries received in a plane
, crash Monday, will be held in Ta
coma, Wash.
Zaugg's parents arrived from Ta
coma Tuesday and left the same day
after making arrangements to have
the remains sent to Washington.
was a member of the Sig
ma Alpha Epsilon fraternity, the
United States Naval Reserve, and
was a bomber pilot, during the war.
Zaugg died at 6:15 Tuesday morn
ing from a brain concussion and
contusion. The plane which he was
flying crashed about 4:15 Monday
afternoon in heavy timber near
Woodside. He was accompanied on
the flight by Bob Reynolds, Alpha
Sigma Phi, who was uninjured.
The plane in which Zaugg and
Reynolds crashed was returned to
the Palo Alto airport yesterday,
where Civil Aeronautics Authority
1 Inspector John Fouche said evi
dence showed the propeller was
turning when the plane crashed.
Funeral services for Philip Fred~
erick Zaugg, 24-year-old pre-legal
student who died Tuesday morning
from injuries received in a plane
, crash Monday, will be held in Ta
coma, Wash.
Zaugg's parents arrived from Ta
coma Tuesday and left the same day
after making arrangements to have
the remains sent to Washington.
was a member of the Sig
ma Alpha Epsilon fraternity, the
United States Naval Reserve, and
was a bomber pilot, during the war.
Zaugg died at 6:15 Tuesday morn
ing from a brain concussion and
contusion. The plane which he was
flying crashed about 4:15 Monday
afternoon in heavy timber near
Woodside. He was accompanied on
the flight by Bob Reynolds, Alpha
Sigma Phi, who was uninjured.
The plane in which Zaugg and
Reynolds crashed was returned to
the Palo Alto airport yesterday,
where Civil Aeronautics Authority
1 Inspector John Fouche said evi
dence showed the propeller was
turning when the plane crashed.
Funeral services for Philip Fred~
erick Zaugg, 24-year-old pre-legal
student who died Tuesday morning
from injuries received in a plane
, crash Monday, will be held in Ta
coma, Wash.
Zaugg's parents arrived from Ta
coma Tuesday and left the same day
after making arrangements to have
the remains sent to Washington.
was a member of the Sig
ma Alpha Epsilon fraternity, the
United States Naval Reserve, and
was a bomber pilot, during the war.
Zaugg died at 6:15 Tuesday morn
ing from a brain concussion and
contusion. The plane which he was
flying crashed about 4:15 Monday
afternoon in heavy timber near
Woodside. He was accompanied on
the flight by Bob Reynolds, Alpha
Sigma Phi, who was uninjured.
The plane in which Zaugg and
Reynolds crashed was returned to
the Palo Alto airport yesterday,
where Civil Aeronautics Authority
1 Inspector John Fouche said evi
dence showed the propeller was
turning when the plane crashed.
Funeral services for Philip Fred~
erick Zaugg, 24-year-old pre-legal
student who died Tuesday morning
from injuries received in a plane
, crash Monday, will be held in Ta
coma, Wash.
Zaugg's parents arrived from Ta
coma Tuesday and left the same day
after making arrangements to have
the remains sent to Washington.
was a member of the Sig
ma Alpha Epsilon fraternity, the
United States Naval Reserve, and
was a bomber pilot, during the war.
Zaugg died at 6:15 Tuesday morn
ing from a brain concussion and
contusion. The plane which he was
flying crashed about 4:15 Monday
afternoon in heavy timber near
Woodside. He was accompanied on
the flight by Bob Reynolds, Alpha
Sigma Phi, who was uninjured.
The plane in which Zaugg and
Reynolds crashed was returned to
the Palo Alto airport yesterday,
where Civil Aeronautics Authority
1 Inspector John Fouche said evi
dence showed the propeller was
turning when the plane crashed.
Funeral services for Philip Fred~
erick Zaugg, 24-year-old pre-legal
student who died Tuesday morning
from injuries received in a plane
, crash Monday, will be held in Ta
coma, Wash.
Zaugg's parents arrived from Ta
coma Tuesday and left the same day
after making arrangements to have
the remains sent to Washington.
was a member of the Sig
ma Alpha Epsilon fraternity, the
United States Naval Reserve, and
was a bomber pilot, during the war.
Zaugg died at 6:15 Tuesday morn
ing from a brain concussion and
contusion. The plane which he was
flying crashed about 4:15 Monday
afternoon in heavy timber near
Woodside. He was accompanied on
the flight by Bob Reynolds, Alpha
Sigma Phi, who was uninjured.
The plane in which Zaugg and
Reynolds crashed was returned to
the Palo Alto airport yesterday,
where Civil Aeronautics Authority
1 Inspector John Fouche said evi
dence showed the propeller was
turning when the plane crashed.
Funeral services for Philip Fred~
erick Zaugg, 24-year-old pre-legal
student who died Tuesday morning
from injuries received in a plane
, crash Monday, will be held in Ta
coma, Wash.
Zaugg's parents arrived from Ta
coma Tuesday and left the same day
after making arrangements to have
the remains sent to Washington.
was a member of the Sig
ma Alpha Epsilon fraternity, the
United States Naval Reserve, and
was a bomber pilot, during the war.
Zaugg died at 6:15 Tuesday morn
ing from a brain concussion and
contusion. The plane which he was
flying crashed about 4:15 Monday
afternoon in heavy timber near
Woodside. He was accompanied on
the flight by Bob Reynolds, Alpha
Sigma Phi, who was uninjured.
The plane in which Zaugg and
Reynolds crashed was returned to
the Palo Alto airport yesterday,
where Civil Aeronautics Authority
1 Inspector John Fouche said evi
dence showed the propeller was
turning when the plane crashed.
Funeral services for Philip Fred~
erick Zaugg, 24-year-old pre-legal
student who died Tuesday morning
from injuries received in a plane
, crash Monday, will be held in Ta
coma, Wash.
Zaugg's parents arrived from Ta
coma Tuesday and left the same day
after making arrangements to have
the remains sent to Washington.
was a member of the Sig
ma Alpha Epsilon fraternity, the
United States Naval Reserve, and
was a bomber pilot, during the war.
Zaugg died at 6:15 Tuesday morn
ing from a brain concussion and
contusion. The plane which he was
flying crashed about 4:15 Monday
afternoon in heavy timber near
Woodside. He was accompanied on
the flight by Bob Reynolds, Alpha
Sigma Phi, who was uninjured.
The plane in which Zaugg and
Reynolds crashed was returned to
the Palo Alto airport yesterday,
where Civil Aeronautics Authority
1 Inspector John Fouche said evi
dence showed the propeller was
turning when the plane crashed.
