# Cooper Evades Clash with Machen
## 
### 
LONDON (UPD— British fight
promote!’ Jack Solomons yester
day threw a monkey wrench into
the plans of Eddie Machen for a
fight with Britain’s Henry Cooper
to “decide which of us will fight

Floyd Patterson for the world
crown.”
Solomons disclosed that he is
trying to match Cooper against
either Zora Folley or Cassius
Clay.
LONDON (UPD— British fight
promote!’ Jack Solomons yester
day threw a monkey wrench into
the plans of Eddie Machen for a
fight with Britain’s Henry Cooper
to “decide which of us will fight

Floyd Patterson for the world
crown.”
Solomons disclosed that he is
trying to match Cooper against
either Zora Folley or Cassius
Clay.
LONDON (UPD— British fight
promote!’ Jack Solomons yester
day threw a monkey wrench into
the plans of Eddie Machen for a
fight with Britain’s Henry Cooper
to “decide which of us will fight

Floyd Patterson for the world
crown.”
Solomons disclosed that he is
trying to match Cooper against
either Zora Folley or Cassius
Clay.
LONDON (UPD— British fight
promote!’ Jack Solomons yester
day threw a monkey wrench into
the plans of Eddie Machen for a
fight with Britain’s Henry Cooper
to “decide which of us will fight

Floyd Patterson for the world
crown.”
Solomons disclosed that he is
trying to match Cooper against
either Zora Folley or Cassius
Clay.
LONDON (UPD— British fight
promote!’ Jack Solomons yester
day threw a monkey wrench into
the plans of Eddie Machen for a
fight with Britain’s Henry Cooper
to “decide which of us will fight

Floyd Patterson for the world
crown.”
Solomons disclosed that he is
trying to match Cooper against
either Zora Folley or Cassius
Clay.
LONDON (UPD— British fight
promote!’ Jack Solomons yester
day threw a monkey wrench into
the plans of Eddie Machen for a
fight with Britain’s Henry Cooper
to “decide which of us will fight

Floyd Patterson for the world
crown.”
Solomons disclosed that he is
trying to match Cooper against
either Zora Folley or Cassius
Clay.
LONDON (UPD— British fight
promote!’ Jack Solomons yester
day threw a monkey wrench into
the plans of Eddie Machen for a
fight with Britain’s Henry Cooper
to “decide which of us will fight

Floyd Patterson for the world
crown.”
Solomons disclosed that he is
trying to match Cooper against
either Zora Folley or Cassius
Clay.
LONDON (UPD— British fight
promote!’ Jack Solomons yester
day threw a monkey wrench into
the plans of Eddie Machen for a
fight with Britain’s Henry Cooper
to “decide which of us will fight

Floyd Patterson for the world
crown.”
Solomons disclosed that he is
trying to match Cooper against
either Zora Folley or Cassius
Clay.
LONDON (UPD— British fight
promote!’ Jack Solomons yester
day threw a monkey wrench into
the plans of Eddie Machen for a
fight with Britain’s Henry Cooper
to “decide which of us will fight

Floyd Patterson for the world
crown.”
Solomons disclosed that he is
trying to match Cooper against
either Zora Folley or Cassius
Clay.
LONDON (UPD— British fight
promote!’ Jack Solomons yester
day threw a monkey wrench into
the plans of Eddie Machen for a
fight with Britain’s Henry Cooper
to “decide which of us will fight

Floyd Patterson for the world
crown.”
Solomons disclosed that he is
trying to match Cooper against
either Zora Folley or Cassius
Clay.
LONDON (UPD— British fight
promote!’ Jack Solomons yester
day threw a monkey wrench into
the plans of Eddie Machen for a
fight with Britain’s Henry Cooper
to “decide which of us will fight

Floyd Patterson for the world
crown.”
Solomons disclosed that he is
trying to match Cooper against
either Zora Folley or Cassius
Clay.
LONDON (UPD— British fight
promote!’ Jack Solomons yester
day threw a monkey wrench into
the plans of Eddie Machen for a
fight with Britain’s Henry Cooper
to “decide which of us will fight

Floyd Patterson for the world
crown.”
Solomons disclosed that he is
trying to match Cooper against
either Zora Folley or Cassius
Clay.
LONDON (UPD— British fight
promote!’ Jack Solomons yester
day threw a monkey wrench into
the plans of Eddie Machen for a
fight with Britain’s Henry Cooper
to “decide which of us will fight

Floyd Patterson for the world
crown.”
Solomons disclosed that he is
trying to match Cooper against
either Zora Folley or Cassius
Clay.
LONDON (UPD— British fight
promote!’ Jack Solomons yester
day threw a monkey wrench into
the plans of Eddie Machen for a
fight with Britain’s Henry Cooper
to “decide which of us will fight

Floyd Patterson for the world
crown.”
Solomons disclosed that he is
trying to match Cooper against
either Zora Folley or Cassius
Clay.
LONDON (UPD— British fight
promote!’ Jack Solomons yester
day threw a monkey wrench into
the plans of Eddie Machen for a
fight with Britain’s Henry Cooper
to “decide which of us will fight

Floyd Patterson for the world
crown.”
Solomons disclosed that he is
trying to match Cooper against
either Zora Folley or Cassius
Clay.
LONDON (UPD— British fight
promote!’ Jack Solomons yester
day threw a monkey wrench into
the plans of Eddie Machen for a
fight with Britain’s Henry Cooper
to “decide which of us will fight

Floyd Patterson for the world
crown.”
Solomons disclosed that he is
trying to match Cooper against
either Zora Folley or Cassius
Clay.
LONDON (UPD— British fight
promote!’ Jack Solomons yester
day threw a monkey wrench into
the plans of Eddie Machen for a
fight with Britain’s Henry Cooper
to “decide which of us will fight

Floyd Patterson for the world
crown.”
Solomons disclosed that he is
trying to match Cooper against
either Zora Folley or Cassius
Clay.
