# Farm Premed Program Will Be Discussed
## 
### 
Dr. Joseph Oliphant, Dean H.
Donald Winbigler, and Dr. Wind
son Cutting will be featured to
night at 7:30 in the Cedro lounge
in a discussion of premedicine at
Stanford, presented by Sigma Phi
Sigma, premed honor and service
society.
The introductory program will
include three phases; the premedi
cal curriculum, premedicine and
the general studies program, and
Stanford Medical School. A ques
tion and answer period and distri
bution of the Stanford Premedical
Handbook will follow.
Dr. Joseph Oliphant, Dean H.
Donald Winbigler, and Dr. Wind
son Cutting will be featured to
night at 7:30 in the Cedro lounge
in a discussion of premedicine at
Stanford, presented by Sigma Phi
Sigma, premed honor and service
society.
The introductory program will
include three phases; the premedi
cal curriculum, premedicine and
the general studies program, and
Stanford Medical School. A ques
tion and answer period and distri
bution of the Stanford Premedical
Handbook will follow.
Dr. Joseph Oliphant, Dean H.
Donald Winbigler, and Dr. Wind
son Cutting will be featured to
night at 7:30 in the Cedro lounge
in a discussion of premedicine at
Stanford, presented by Sigma Phi
Sigma, premed honor and service
society.
The introductory program will
include three phases; the premedi
cal curriculum, premedicine and
the general studies program, and
Stanford Medical School. A ques
tion and answer period and distri
bution of the Stanford Premedical
Handbook will follow.
Dr. Joseph Oliphant, Dean H.
Donald Winbigler, and Dr. Wind
son Cutting will be featured to
night at 7:30 in the Cedro lounge
in a discussion of premedicine at
Stanford, presented by Sigma Phi
Sigma, premed honor and service
society.
The introductory program will
include three phases; the premedi
cal curriculum, premedicine and
the general studies program, and
Stanford Medical School. A ques
tion and answer period and distri
bution of the Stanford Premedical
Handbook will follow.
Dr. Joseph Oliphant, Dean H.
Donald Winbigler, and Dr. Wind
son Cutting will be featured to
night at 7:30 in the Cedro lounge
in a discussion of premedicine at
Stanford, presented by Sigma Phi
Sigma, premed honor and service
society.
The introductory program will
include three phases; the premedi
cal curriculum, premedicine and
the general studies program, and
Stanford Medical School. A ques
tion and answer period and distri
bution of the Stanford Premedical
Handbook will follow.
Dr. Joseph Oliphant, Dean H.
Donald Winbigler, and Dr. Wind
son Cutting will be featured to
night at 7:30 in the Cedro lounge
in a discussion of premedicine at
Stanford, presented by Sigma Phi
Sigma, premed honor and service
society.
The introductory program will
include three phases; the premedi
cal curriculum, premedicine and
the general studies program, and
Stanford Medical School. A ques
tion and answer period and distri
bution of the Stanford Premedical
Handbook will follow.
Dr. Joseph Oliphant, Dean H.
Donald Winbigler, and Dr. Wind
son Cutting will be featured to
night at 7:30 in the Cedro lounge
in a discussion of premedicine at
Stanford, presented by Sigma Phi
Sigma, premed honor and service
society.
The introductory program will
include three phases; the premedi
cal curriculum, premedicine and
the general studies program, and
Stanford Medical School. A ques
tion and answer period and distri
bution of the Stanford Premedical
Handbook will follow.
Dr. Joseph Oliphant, Dean H.
Donald Winbigler, and Dr. Wind
son Cutting will be featured to
night at 7:30 in the Cedro lounge
in a discussion of premedicine at
Stanford, presented by Sigma Phi
Sigma, premed honor and service
society.
The introductory program will
include three phases; the premedi
cal curriculum, premedicine and
the general studies program, and
Stanford Medical School. A ques
tion and answer period and distri
bution of the Stanford Premedical
Handbook will follow.
Dr. Joseph Oliphant, Dean H.
Donald Winbigler, and Dr. Wind
son Cutting will be featured to
night at 7:30 in the Cedro lounge
in a discussion of premedicine at
Stanford, presented by Sigma Phi
Sigma, premed honor and service
society.
The introductory program will
include three phases; the premedi
cal curriculum, premedicine and
the general studies program, and
Stanford Medical School. A ques
tion and answer period and distri
bution of the Stanford Premedical
Handbook will follow.
Dr. Joseph Oliphant, Dean H.
Donald Winbigler, and Dr. Wind
son Cutting will be featured to
night at 7:30 in the Cedro lounge
in a discussion of premedicine at
Stanford, presented by Sigma Phi
Sigma, premed honor and service
society.
The introductory program will
include three phases; the premedi
cal curriculum, premedicine and
the general studies program, and
Stanford Medical School. A ques
tion and answer period and distri
bution of the Stanford Premedical
Handbook will follow.
Dr. Joseph Oliphant, Dean H.
Donald Winbigler, and Dr. Wind
son Cutting will be featured to
night at 7:30 in the Cedro lounge
in a discussion of premedicine at
Stanford, presented by Sigma Phi
Sigma, premed honor and service
society.
The introductory program will
include three phases; the premedi
cal curriculum, premedicine and
the general studies program, and
Stanford Medical School. A ques
tion and answer period and distri
bution of the Stanford Premedical
Handbook will follow.
Dr. Joseph Oliphant, Dean H.
Donald Winbigler, and Dr. Wind
son Cutting will be featured to
night at 7:30 in the Cedro lounge
in a discussion of premedicine at
Stanford, presented by Sigma Phi
Sigma, premed honor and service
society.
The introductory program will
include three phases; the premedi
cal curriculum, premedicine and
the general studies program, and
Stanford Medical School. A ques
tion and answer period and distri
bution of the Stanford Premedical
Handbook will follow.
Dr. Joseph Oliphant, Dean H.
Donald Winbigler, and Dr. Wind
son Cutting will be featured to
night at 7:30 in the Cedro lounge
in a discussion of premedicine at
Stanford, presented by Sigma Phi
Sigma, premed honor and service
society.
The introductory program will
include three phases; the premedi
cal curriculum, premedicine and
the general studies program, and
Stanford Medical School. A ques
tion and answer period and distri
bution of the Stanford Premedical
Handbook will follow.
Dr. Joseph Oliphant, Dean H.
Donald Winbigler, and Dr. Wind
son Cutting will be featured to
night at 7:30 in the Cedro lounge
in a discussion of premedicine at
Stanford, presented by Sigma Phi
Sigma, premed honor and service
society.
The introductory program will
include three phases; the premedi
cal curriculum, premedicine and
the general studies program, and
Stanford Medical School. A ques
tion and answer period and distri
bution of the Stanford Premedical
Handbook will follow.
Dr. Joseph Oliphant, Dean H.
Donald Winbigler, and Dr. Wind
son Cutting will be featured to
night at 7:30 in the Cedro lounge
in a discussion of premedicine at
Stanford, presented by Sigma Phi
Sigma, premed honor and service
society.
The introductory program will
include three phases; the premedi
cal curriculum, premedicine and
the general studies program, and
Stanford Medical School. A ques
tion and answer period and distri
bution of the Stanford Premedical
Handbook will follow.
Dr. Joseph Oliphant, Dean H.
Donald Winbigler, and Dr. Wind
son Cutting will be featured to
night at 7:30 in the Cedro lounge
in a discussion of premedicine at
Stanford, presented by Sigma Phi
Sigma, premed honor and service
society.
The introductory program will
include three phases; the premedi
cal curriculum, premedicine and
the general studies program, and
Stanford Medical School. A ques
tion and answer period and distri
bution of the Stanford Premedical
Handbook will follow.
Dr. Joseph Oliphant, Dean H.
Donald Winbigler, and Dr. Wind
son Cutting will be featured to
night at 7:30 in the Cedro lounge
in a discussion of premedicine at
Stanford, presented by Sigma Phi
Sigma, premed honor and service
society.
The introductory program will
include three phases; the premedi
cal curriculum, premedicine and
the general studies program, and
Stanford Medical School. A ques
tion and answer period and distri
bution of the Stanford Premedical
Handbook will follow.
