# Junior Plug Ugly.
## 
### 
Tomorrow night at 8:.'!0 the
members of the Junior Class will
give a mock ritual at the faculty
athletic grounds*, in which they
will introduce '"Plug Ugly" to the
btudent body with due ceremony.
A rather elaborate cast repre
senting the Priesthood of the Tall
'1 ile and subordinate priests are
rehearsing their parts and expect
to give a creditable performance.
An artistically printed program, a
souvenir of the occasion, will be
sold for live cents on the quad to
morrow afternoon, the proceeds to
defray the expenses of the enter
tainment.
Tomorrow night at 8:.'!0 the
members of the Junior Class will
give a mock ritual at the faculty
athletic grounds*, in which they
will introduce '"Plug Ugly" to the
btudent body with due ceremony.
A rather elaborate cast repre
senting the Priesthood of the Tall
'1 ile and subordinate priests are
rehearsing their parts and expect
to give a creditable performance.
An artistically printed program, a
souvenir of the occasion, will be
sold for live cents on the quad to
morrow afternoon, the proceeds to
defray the expenses of the enter
tainment.
Tomorrow night at 8:.'!0 the
members of the Junior Class will
give a mock ritual at the faculty
athletic grounds*, in which they
will introduce '"Plug Ugly" to the
btudent body with due ceremony.
A rather elaborate cast repre
senting the Priesthood of the Tall
'1 ile and subordinate priests are
rehearsing their parts and expect
to give a creditable performance.
An artistically printed program, a
souvenir of the occasion, will be
sold for live cents on the quad to
morrow afternoon, the proceeds to
defray the expenses of the enter
tainment.
Tomorrow night at 8:.'!0 the
members of the Junior Class will
give a mock ritual at the faculty
athletic grounds*, in which they
will introduce '"Plug Ugly" to the
btudent body with due ceremony.
A rather elaborate cast repre
senting the Priesthood of the Tall
'1 ile and subordinate priests are
rehearsing their parts and expect
to give a creditable performance.
An artistically printed program, a
souvenir of the occasion, will be
sold for live cents on the quad to
morrow afternoon, the proceeds to
defray the expenses of the enter
tainment.
Tomorrow night at 8:.'!0 the
members of the Junior Class will
give a mock ritual at the faculty
athletic grounds*, in which they
will introduce '"Plug Ugly" to the
btudent body with due ceremony.
A rather elaborate cast repre
senting the Priesthood of the Tall
'1 ile and subordinate priests are
rehearsing their parts and expect
to give a creditable performance.
An artistically printed program, a
souvenir of the occasion, will be
sold for live cents on the quad to
morrow afternoon, the proceeds to
defray the expenses of the enter
tainment.
