# University Bulletin.
## 
### 
Thursday.
German Club meets in Palo Alto,
4:45 p.m.
Maguire Club meets, room 50 quad
at 2 p.m.
Washington Memorial Association
meets, room '23 quad, -1 p.m.
Juniors meet with plugs, 8:30 p.m.
Junior Plug dedication, faculty
athletic grounds, 8:30 p.m.
Friday.
Football rally, Encina club-room,
8 p.m.
Saturday.
Graduate Club meets, Roble par
lors, 8 p.m.
Thursday.
German Club meets in Palo Alto,
4:45 p.m.
Maguire Club meets, room 50 quad
at 2 p.m.
Washington Memorial Association
meets, room '23 quad, -1 p.m.
Juniors meet with plugs, 8:30 p.m.
Junior Plug dedication, faculty
athletic grounds, 8:30 p.m.
Friday.
Football rally, Encina club-room,
8 p.m.
Saturday.
Graduate Club meets, Roble par
lors, 8 p.m.
Thursday.
German Club meets in Palo Alto,
4:45 p.m.
Maguire Club meets, room 50 quad
at 2 p.m.
Washington Memorial Association
meets, room '23 quad, -1 p.m.
Juniors meet with plugs, 8:30 p.m.
Junior Plug dedication, faculty
athletic grounds, 8:30 p.m.
Friday.
Football rally, Encina club-room,
8 p.m.
Saturday.
Graduate Club meets, Roble par
lors, 8 p.m.
Thursday.
German Club meets in Palo Alto,
4:45 p.m.
Maguire Club meets, room 50 quad
at 2 p.m.
Washington Memorial Association
meets, room '23 quad, -1 p.m.
Juniors meet with plugs, 8:30 p.m.
Junior Plug dedication, faculty
athletic grounds, 8:30 p.m.
Friday.
Football rally, Encina club-room,
8 p.m.
Saturday.
Graduate Club meets, Roble par
lors, 8 p.m.
Thursday.
German Club meets in Palo Alto,
4:45 p.m.
Maguire Club meets, room 50 quad
at 2 p.m.
Washington Memorial Association
meets, room '23 quad, -1 p.m.
Juniors meet with plugs, 8:30 p.m.
Junior Plug dedication, faculty
athletic grounds, 8:30 p.m.
Friday.
Football rally, Encina club-room,
8 p.m.
Saturday.
Graduate Club meets, Roble par
lors, 8 p.m.
