# FENCERS WILL HOLD ANNUAL MEETING HERE
## 
### 
The California Amateur Fencing
league's annual informal meet will
l>e held tonight in Encina Gym at 8
o'clock, and all Stanford swordsmen
who are scholastically eligible may
compete.
Men will he entered in the contest
from the University of California, San
Francisco's Y.M.C.A., the Olympic
Club, and Unione Sportiva Italia, of
San Francisco.
The affair is held each year at dif
ferent points where the various mem-
Iters of the league are located. Harry
Maloney, Stanford fencing coach, in
vites the public to this evening's con
test.
The California Amateur Fencing
league's annual informal meet will
l>e held tonight in Encina Gym at 8
o'clock, and all Stanford swordsmen
who are scholastically eligible may
compete.
Men will he entered in the contest
from the University of California, San
Francisco's Y.M.C.A., the Olympic
Club, and Unione Sportiva Italia, of
San Francisco.
The affair is held each year at dif
ferent points where the various mem-
Iters of the league are located. Harry
Maloney, Stanford fencing coach, in
vites the public to this evening's con
test.
The California Amateur Fencing
league's annual informal meet will
l>e held tonight in Encina Gym at 8
o'clock, and all Stanford swordsmen
who are scholastically eligible may
compete.
Men will he entered in the contest
from the University of California, San
Francisco's Y.M.C.A., the Olympic
Club, and Unione Sportiva Italia, of
San Francisco.
The affair is held each year at dif
ferent points where the various mem-
Iters of the league are located. Harry
Maloney, Stanford fencing coach, in
vites the public to this evening's con
test.
The California Amateur Fencing
league's annual informal meet will
l>e held tonight in Encina Gym at 8
o'clock, and all Stanford swordsmen
who are scholastically eligible may
compete.
Men will he entered in the contest
from the University of California, San
Francisco's Y.M.C.A., the Olympic
Club, and Unione Sportiva Italia, of
San Francisco.
The affair is held each year at dif
ferent points where the various mem-
Iters of the league are located. Harry
Maloney, Stanford fencing coach, in
vites the public to this evening's con
test.
The California Amateur Fencing
league's annual informal meet will
l>e held tonight in Encina Gym at 8
o'clock, and all Stanford swordsmen
who are scholastically eligible may
compete.
Men will he entered in the contest
from the University of California, San
Francisco's Y.M.C.A., the Olympic
Club, and Unione Sportiva Italia, of
San Francisco.
The affair is held each year at dif
ferent points where the various mem-
Iters of the league are located. Harry
Maloney, Stanford fencing coach, in
vites the public to this evening's con
test.
The California Amateur Fencing
league's annual informal meet will
l>e held tonight in Encina Gym at 8
o'clock, and all Stanford swordsmen
who are scholastically eligible may
compete.
Men will he entered in the contest
from the University of California, San
Francisco's Y.M.C.A., the Olympic
Club, and Unione Sportiva Italia, of
San Francisco.
The affair is held each year at dif
ferent points where the various mem-
Iters of the league are located. Harry
Maloney, Stanford fencing coach, in
vites the public to this evening's con
test.
The California Amateur Fencing
league's annual informal meet will
l>e held tonight in Encina Gym at 8
o'clock, and all Stanford swordsmen
who are scholastically eligible may
compete.
Men will he entered in the contest
from the University of California, San
Francisco's Y.M.C.A., the Olympic
Club, and Unione Sportiva Italia, of
San Francisco.
The affair is held each year at dif
ferent points where the various mem-
Iters of the league are located. Harry
Maloney, Stanford fencing coach, in
vites the public to this evening's con
test.
The California Amateur Fencing
league's annual informal meet will
l>e held tonight in Encina Gym at 8
o'clock, and all Stanford swordsmen
who are scholastically eligible may
compete.
Men will he entered in the contest
from the University of California, San
Francisco's Y.M.C.A., the Olympic
Club, and Unione Sportiva Italia, of
San Francisco.
The affair is held each year at dif
ferent points where the various mem-
Iters of the league are located. Harry
Maloney, Stanford fencing coach, in
vites the public to this evening's con
test.
The California Amateur Fencing
league's annual informal meet will
l>e held tonight in Encina Gym at 8
o'clock, and all Stanford swordsmen
who are scholastically eligible may
compete.
Men will he entered in the contest
from the University of California, San
Francisco's Y.M.C.A., the Olympic
Club, and Unione Sportiva Italia, of
San Francisco.
The affair is held each year at dif
ferent points where the various mem-
Iters of the league are located. Harry
Maloney, Stanford fencing coach, in
vites the public to this evening's con
test.
The California Amateur Fencing
league's annual informal meet will
l>e held tonight in Encina Gym at 8
o'clock, and all Stanford swordsmen
who are scholastically eligible may
compete.
Men will he entered in the contest
from the University of California, San
Francisco's Y.M.C.A., the Olympic
Club, and Unione Sportiva Italia, of
San Francisco.
The affair is held each year at dif
ferent points where the various mem-
Iters of the league are located. Harry
Maloney, Stanford fencing coach, in
vites the public to this evening's con
test.
The California Amateur Fencing
league's annual informal meet will
l>e held tonight in Encina Gym at 8
o'clock, and all Stanford swordsmen
who are scholastically eligible may
compete.
Men will he entered in the contest
from the University of California, San
Francisco's Y.M.C.A., the Olympic
Club, and Unione Sportiva Italia, of
San Francisco.
The affair is held each year at dif
ferent points where the various mem-
Iters of the league are located. Harry
Maloney, Stanford fencing coach, in
vites the public to this evening's con
test.
The California Amateur Fencing
league's annual informal meet will
l>e held tonight in Encina Gym at 8
o'clock, and all Stanford swordsmen
who are scholastically eligible may
compete.
Men will he entered in the contest
from the University of California, San
Francisco's Y.M.C.A., the Olympic
Club, and Unione Sportiva Italia, of
San Francisco.
The affair is held each year at dif
ferent points where the various mem-
Iters of the league are located. Harry
Maloney, Stanford fencing coach, in
vites the public to this evening's con
test.
The California Amateur Fencing
league's annual informal meet will
l>e held tonight in Encina Gym at 8
o'clock, and all Stanford swordsmen
who are scholastically eligible may
compete.
Men will he entered in the contest
from the University of California, San
Francisco's Y.M.C.A., the Olympic
Club, and Unione Sportiva Italia, of
San Francisco.
The affair is held each year at dif
ferent points where the various mem-
Iters of the league are located. Harry
Maloney, Stanford fencing coach, in
vites the public to this evening's con
test.
The California Amateur Fencing
league's annual informal meet will
l>e held tonight in Encina Gym at 8
o'clock, and all Stanford swordsmen
who are scholastically eligible may
compete.
Men will he entered in the contest
from the University of California, San
Francisco's Y.M.C.A., the Olympic
Club, and Unione Sportiva Italia, of
San Francisco.
The affair is held each year at dif
ferent points where the various mem-
Iters of the league are located. Harry
Maloney, Stanford fencing coach, in
vites the public to this evening's con
test.
The California Amateur Fencing
league's annual informal meet will
l>e held tonight in Encina Gym at 8
o'clock, and all Stanford swordsmen
who are scholastically eligible may
compete.
Men will he entered in the contest
from the University of California, San
Francisco's Y.M.C.A., the Olympic
Club, and Unione Sportiva Italia, of
San Francisco.
The affair is held each year at dif
ferent points where the various mem-
Iters of the league are located. Harry
Maloney, Stanford fencing coach, in
vites the public to this evening's con
test.
