# Untitled Article
## 
### 
President Coolidge is the only living
ex-vice-president living in the United
States.
President Coolidge is the only living
ex-vice-president living in the United
States.
President Coolidge is the only living
ex-vice-president living in the United
States.
President Coolidge is the only living
ex-vice-president living in the United
States.
President Coolidge is the only living
ex-vice-president living in the United
States.
President Coolidge is the only living
ex-vice-president living in the United
States.
President Coolidge is the only living
ex-vice-president living in the United
States.
President Coolidge is the only living
ex-vice-president living in the United
States.
President Coolidge is the only living
ex-vice-president living in the United
States.
President Coolidge is the only living
ex-vice-president living in the United
States.
President Coolidge is the only living
ex-vice-president living in the United
States.
President Coolidge is the only living
ex-vice-president living in the United
States.
President Coolidge is the only living
ex-vice-president living in the United
States.
President Coolidge is the only living
ex-vice-president living in the United
States.
President Coolidge is the only living
ex-vice-president living in the United
States.
