# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Cornell has opened a new art gallery
as a permanent feature of the campus.
Cornell has opened a new art gallery
as a permanent feature of the campus.
Cornell has opened a new art gallery
as a permanent feature of the campus.
Cornell has opened a new art gallery
as a permanent feature of the campus.
Cornell has opened a new art gallery
as a permanent feature of the campus.
Cornell has opened a new art gallery
as a permanent feature of the campus.
Cornell has opened a new art gallery
as a permanent feature of the campus.
Cornell has opened a new art gallery
as a permanent feature of the campus.
Cornell has opened a new art gallery
as a permanent feature of the campus.
Cornell has opened a new art gallery
as a permanent feature of the campus.
Cornell has opened a new art gallery
as a permanent feature of the campus.
Cornell has opened a new art gallery
as a permanent feature of the campus.
Cornell has opened a new art gallery
as a permanent feature of the campus.
Cornell has opened a new art gallery
as a permanent feature of the campus.
Cornell has opened a new art gallery
as a permanent feature of the campus.
