# ALUMNI NUMBER OF STANFORD LIT WILL APPEAR TOMORROW
## 
### 
The alumni issue of the Stanford
Literary Magazine will appear on the
campus tomorrow. This is the first
time that such a combination has been
made, and Emerson Spencer, recontly
appointed editor, and the prominent
alumni who fostered the Lit in its
infancy, have co-operated to make this
number one of the best that haa yet
been published.
A striking and varied collection of
short stories has boen contributed to
this issue. Everett R. Smith is repre
sented with a story, a poem, and an
editorial. Smith's story, "A Tale With
out a Moral," has a Hollywood setting
and a Menckenesque attitude pn rather
touching subjects.
"The Amazing Gestures of Cupido,"
Dick W. Graves' contribution, is an
allegory written after the obscure and
blurbish style of .Tames Branch
Cabell, and concerns the life-long
search of true love that ends in dis
appointment.
The alumni issue of the Stanford
Literary Magazine will appear on the
campus tomorrow. This is the first
time that such a combination has been
made, and Emerson Spencer, recontly
appointed editor, and the prominent
alumni who fostered the Lit in its
infancy, have co-operated to make this
number one of the best that haa yet
been published.
A striking and varied collection of
short stories has boen contributed to
this issue. Everett R. Smith is repre
sented with a story, a poem, and an
editorial. Smith's story, "A Tale With
out a Moral," has a Hollywood setting
and a Menckenesque attitude pn rather
touching subjects.
"The Amazing Gestures of Cupido,"
Dick W. Graves' contribution, is an
allegory written after the obscure and
blurbish style of .Tames Branch
Cabell, and concerns the life-long
search of true love that ends in dis
appointment.
The alumni issue of the Stanford
Literary Magazine will appear on the
campus tomorrow. This is the first
time that such a combination has been
made, and Emerson Spencer, recontly
appointed editor, and the prominent
alumni who fostered the Lit in its
infancy, have co-operated to make this
number one of the best that haa yet
been published.
A striking and varied collection of
short stories has boen contributed to
this issue. Everett R. Smith is repre
sented with a story, a poem, and an
editorial. Smith's story, "A Tale With
out a Moral," has a Hollywood setting
and a Menckenesque attitude pn rather
touching subjects.
"The Amazing Gestures of Cupido,"
Dick W. Graves' contribution, is an
allegory written after the obscure and
blurbish style of .Tames Branch
Cabell, and concerns the life-long
search of true love that ends in dis
appointment.
The alumni issue of the Stanford
Literary Magazine will appear on the
campus tomorrow. This is the first
time that such a combination has been
made, and Emerson Spencer, recontly
appointed editor, and the prominent
alumni who fostered the Lit in its
infancy, have co-operated to make this
number one of the best that haa yet
been published.
A striking and varied collection of
short stories has boen contributed to
this issue. Everett R. Smith is repre
sented with a story, a poem, and an
editorial. Smith's story, "A Tale With
out a Moral," has a Hollywood setting
and a Menckenesque attitude pn rather
touching subjects.
"The Amazing Gestures of Cupido,"
Dick W. Graves' contribution, is an
allegory written after the obscure and
blurbish style of .Tames Branch
Cabell, and concerns the life-long
search of true love that ends in dis
appointment.
The alumni issue of the Stanford
Literary Magazine will appear on the
campus tomorrow. This is the first
time that such a combination has been
made, and Emerson Spencer, recontly
appointed editor, and the prominent
alumni who fostered the Lit in its
infancy, have co-operated to make this
number one of the best that haa yet
been published.
A striking and varied collection of
short stories has boen contributed to
this issue. Everett R. Smith is repre
sented with a story, a poem, and an
editorial. Smith's story, "A Tale With
out a Moral," has a Hollywood setting
and a Menckenesque attitude pn rather
touching subjects.
"The Amazing Gestures of Cupido,"
Dick W. Graves' contribution, is an
allegory written after the obscure and
blurbish style of .Tames Branch
Cabell, and concerns the life-long
search of true love that ends in dis
appointment.
The alumni issue of the Stanford
Literary Magazine will appear on the
campus tomorrow. This is the first
time that such a combination has been
made, and Emerson Spencer, recontly
appointed editor, and the prominent
alumni who fostered the Lit in its
infancy, have co-operated to make this
number one of the best that haa yet
been published.
A striking and varied collection of
short stories has boen contributed to
this issue. Everett R. Smith is repre
sented with a story, a poem, and an
editorial. Smith's story, "A Tale With
out a Moral," has a Hollywood setting
and a Menckenesque attitude pn rather
touching subjects.
"The Amazing Gestures of Cupido,"
Dick W. Graves' contribution, is an
allegory written after the obscure and
blurbish style of .Tames Branch
Cabell, and concerns the life-long
search of true love that ends in dis
appointment.
The alumni issue of the Stanford
Literary Magazine will appear on the
campus tomorrow. This is the first
time that such a combination has been
made, and Emerson Spencer, recontly
appointed editor, and the prominent
alumni who fostered the Lit in its
infancy, have co-operated to make this
number one of the best that haa yet
been published.
A striking and varied collection of
short stories has boen contributed to
this issue. Everett R. Smith is repre
sented with a story, a poem, and an
editorial. Smith's story, "A Tale With
out a Moral," has a Hollywood setting
and a Menckenesque attitude pn rather
touching subjects.
"The Amazing Gestures of Cupido,"
Dick W. Graves' contribution, is an
allegory written after the obscure and
blurbish style of .Tames Branch
Cabell, and concerns the life-long
search of true love that ends in dis
appointment.
The alumni issue of the Stanford
Literary Magazine will appear on the
campus tomorrow. This is the first
time that such a combination has been
made, and Emerson Spencer, recontly
appointed editor, and the prominent
alumni who fostered the Lit in its
infancy, have co-operated to make this
number one of the best that haa yet
been published.
A striking and varied collection of
short stories has boen contributed to
this issue. Everett R. Smith is repre
sented with a story, a poem, and an
editorial. Smith's story, "A Tale With
out a Moral," has a Hollywood setting
and a Menckenesque attitude pn rather
touching subjects.
"The Amazing Gestures of Cupido,"
Dick W. Graves' contribution, is an
allegory written after the obscure and
blurbish style of .Tames Branch
Cabell, and concerns the life-long
search of true love that ends in dis
appointment.
The alumni issue of the Stanford
Literary Magazine will appear on the
campus tomorrow. This is the first
time that such a combination has been
made, and Emerson Spencer, recontly
appointed editor, and the prominent
alumni who fostered the Lit in its
infancy, have co-operated to make this
number one of the best that haa yet
been published.
A striking and varied collection of
short stories has boen contributed to
this issue. Everett R. Smith is repre
sented with a story, a poem, and an
editorial. Smith's story, "A Tale With
out a Moral," has a Hollywood setting
and a Menckenesque attitude pn rather
touching subjects.
"The Amazing Gestures of Cupido,"
Dick W. Graves' contribution, is an
allegory written after the obscure and
blurbish style of .Tames Branch
Cabell, and concerns the life-long
search of true love that ends in dis
appointment.
The alumni issue of the Stanford
Literary Magazine will appear on the
campus tomorrow. This is the first
time that such a combination has been
made, and Emerson Spencer, recontly
appointed editor, and the prominent
alumni who fostered the Lit in its
infancy, have co-operated to make this
number one of the best that haa yet
been published.
A striking and varied collection of
short stories has boen contributed to
this issue. Everett R. Smith is repre
sented with a story, a poem, and an
editorial. Smith's story, "A Tale With
out a Moral," has a Hollywood setting
and a Menckenesque attitude pn rather
touching subjects.
"The Amazing Gestures of Cupido,"
Dick W. Graves' contribution, is an
allegory written after the obscure and
blurbish style of .Tames Branch
Cabell, and concerns the life-long
search of true love that ends in dis
appointment.
The alumni issue of the Stanford
Literary Magazine will appear on the
campus tomorrow. This is the first
time that such a combination has been
made, and Emerson Spencer, recontly
appointed editor, and the prominent
alumni who fostered the Lit in its
infancy, have co-operated to make this
number one of the best that haa yet
been published.
A striking and varied collection of
short stories has boen contributed to
this issue. Everett R. Smith is repre
sented with a story, a poem, and an
editorial. Smith's story, "A Tale With
out a Moral," has a Hollywood setting
and a Menckenesque attitude pn rather
touching subjects.
"The Amazing Gestures of Cupido,"
Dick W. Graves' contribution, is an
allegory written after the obscure and
blurbish style of .Tames Branch
Cabell, and concerns the life-long
search of true love that ends in dis
appointment.
The alumni issue of the Stanford
Literary Magazine will appear on the
campus tomorrow. This is the first
time that such a combination has been
made, and Emerson Spencer, recontly
appointed editor, and the prominent
alumni who fostered the Lit in its
infancy, have co-operated to make this
number one of the best that haa yet
been published.
A striking and varied collection of
short stories has boen contributed to
this issue. Everett R. Smith is repre
sented with a story, a poem, and an
editorial. Smith's story, "A Tale With
out a Moral," has a Hollywood setting
and a Menckenesque attitude pn rather
touching subjects.
"The Amazing Gestures of Cupido,"
Dick W. Graves' contribution, is an
allegory written after the obscure and
blurbish style of .Tames Branch
Cabell, and concerns the life-long
search of true love that ends in dis
appointment.
The alumni issue of the Stanford
Literary Magazine will appear on the
campus tomorrow. This is the first
time that such a combination has been
made, and Emerson Spencer, recontly
appointed editor, and the prominent
alumni who fostered the Lit in its
infancy, have co-operated to make this
number one of the best that haa yet
been published.
A striking and varied collection of
short stories has boen contributed to
this issue. Everett R. Smith is repre
sented with a story, a poem, and an
editorial. Smith's story, "A Tale With
out a Moral," has a Hollywood setting
and a Menckenesque attitude pn rather
touching subjects.
"The Amazing Gestures of Cupido,"
Dick W. Graves' contribution, is an
allegory written after the obscure and
blurbish style of .Tames Branch
Cabell, and concerns the life-long
search of true love that ends in dis
appointment.
The alumni issue of the Stanford
Literary Magazine will appear on the
campus tomorrow. This is the first
time that such a combination has been
made, and Emerson Spencer, recontly
appointed editor, and the prominent
alumni who fostered the Lit in its
infancy, have co-operated to make this
number one of the best that haa yet
been published.
A striking and varied collection of
short stories has boen contributed to
this issue. Everett R. Smith is repre
sented with a story, a poem, and an
editorial. Smith's story, "A Tale With
out a Moral," has a Hollywood setting
and a Menckenesque attitude pn rather
touching subjects.
"The Amazing Gestures of Cupido,"
Dick W. Graves' contribution, is an
allegory written after the obscure and
blurbish style of .Tames Branch
Cabell, and concerns the life-long
search of true love that ends in dis
appointment.
The alumni issue of the Stanford
Literary Magazine will appear on the
campus tomorrow. This is the first
time that such a combination has been
made, and Emerson Spencer, recontly
appointed editor, and the prominent
alumni who fostered the Lit in its
infancy, have co-operated to make this
number one of the best that haa yet
been published.
A striking and varied collection of
short stories has boen contributed to
this issue. Everett R. Smith is repre
sented with a story, a poem, and an
editorial. Smith's story, "A Tale With
out a Moral," has a Hollywood setting
and a Menckenesque attitude pn rather
touching subjects.
"The Amazing Gestures of Cupido,"
Dick W. Graves' contribution, is an
allegory written after the obscure and
blurbish style of .Tames Branch
Cabell, and concerns the life-long
search of true love that ends in dis
appointment.
