# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Becoming the first chapter west of
the Rockies, T'i Sigina sorority was
recently installed at California.
Becoming the first chapter west of
the Rockies, T'i Sigina sorority was
recently installed at California.
Becoming the first chapter west of
the Rockies, T'i Sigina sorority was
recently installed at California.
Becoming the first chapter west of
the Rockies, T'i Sigina sorority was
recently installed at California.
Becoming the first chapter west of
the Rockies, T'i Sigina sorority was
recently installed at California.
Becoming the first chapter west of
the Rockies, T'i Sigina sorority was
recently installed at California.
Becoming the first chapter west of
the Rockies, T'i Sigina sorority was
recently installed at California.
Becoming the first chapter west of
the Rockies, T'i Sigina sorority was
recently installed at California.
Becoming the first chapter west of
the Rockies, T'i Sigina sorority was
recently installed at California.
Becoming the first chapter west of
the Rockies, T'i Sigina sorority was
recently installed at California.
Becoming the first chapter west of
the Rockies, T'i Sigina sorority was
recently installed at California.
Becoming the first chapter west of
the Rockies, T'i Sigina sorority was
recently installed at California.
Becoming the first chapter west of
the Rockies, T'i Sigina sorority was
recently installed at California.
Becoming the first chapter west of
the Rockies, T'i Sigina sorority was
recently installed at California.
Becoming the first chapter west of
the Rockies, T'i Sigina sorority was
recently installed at California.
