# Soviets reportedly ready to negotiate
## 
### 
From the Los Angeles Times
Moscow — Soviet Foreign
Minister Andrei Gromyko
lashed out yesterday at what
he termed the Reagan adminis
tration's "recklessness and ir
responsibility" but said
Moscow was nonetheless ready
to tackle the problem of nu
clear arms in Europe on the
basis of "existing parity."
Speaking at a voters'
meeting in Minsk, about 400
miles southwest of here, in ad
vance of parliamentary elec
tions Sunday, Gromvko

repeated Soviet charges that
the United States was respon
sible for the collapse last No
vember of the Geneva talks on
restricting intermediate-range
nuclear missiles in Europe.
But, according to a summary
of his remarks distributed yes
terday evening by the official
Tass news agency, the veteran
Kremlin foreign affairs special
ist did not reiterate Moscow's
previous demand that the
United States and its North
Atlantic Treaty Organization
allies show "readiness" to dis

mantle the new rockets
deployed in West Germany and
England starting late last year.
It was not clear whether the
new phrasing indicated a sub
stantive change in the Soviet
position regarding resumption
of the Geneva talks.
In the past, Moscow has
claimed that parity existed
before NATO began to deploy
the new U.S.-made Pershing 2
and cruise intermediate-range
nuclear missiles in Western
Europe.
From the Los Angeles Times
Moscow — Soviet Foreign
Minister Andrei Gromyko
lashed out yesterday at what
he termed the Reagan adminis
tration's "recklessness and ir
responsibility" but said
Moscow was nonetheless ready
to tackle the problem of nu
clear arms in Europe on the
basis of "existing parity."
Speaking at a voters'
meeting in Minsk, about 400
miles southwest of here, in ad
vance of parliamentary elec
tions Sunday, Gromvko

repeated Soviet charges that
the United States was respon
sible for the collapse last No
vember of the Geneva talks on
restricting intermediate-range
nuclear missiles in Europe.
But, according to a summary
of his remarks distributed yes
terday evening by the official
Tass news agency, the veteran
Kremlin foreign affairs special
ist did not reiterate Moscow's
previous demand that the
United States and its North
Atlantic Treaty Organization
allies show "readiness" to dis

mantle the new rockets
deployed in West Germany and
England starting late last year.
It was not clear whether the
new phrasing indicated a sub
stantive change in the Soviet
position regarding resumption
of the Geneva talks.
In the past, Moscow has
claimed that parity existed
before NATO began to deploy
the new U.S.-made Pershing 2
and cruise intermediate-range
nuclear missiles in Western
Europe.
From the Los Angeles Times
Moscow — Soviet Foreign
Minister Andrei Gromyko
lashed out yesterday at what
he termed the Reagan adminis
tration's "recklessness and ir
responsibility" but said
Moscow was nonetheless ready
to tackle the problem of nu
clear arms in Europe on the
basis of "existing parity."
Speaking at a voters'
meeting in Minsk, about 400
miles southwest of here, in ad
vance of parliamentary elec
tions Sunday, Gromvko

repeated Soviet charges that
the United States was respon
sible for the collapse last No
vember of the Geneva talks on
restricting intermediate-range
nuclear missiles in Europe.
But, according to a summary
of his remarks distributed yes
terday evening by the official
Tass news agency, the veteran
Kremlin foreign affairs special
ist did not reiterate Moscow's
previous demand that the
United States and its North
Atlantic Treaty Organization
allies show "readiness" to dis

mantle the new rockets
deployed in West Germany and
England starting late last year.
It was not clear whether the
new phrasing indicated a sub
stantive change in the Soviet
position regarding resumption
of the Geneva talks.
In the past, Moscow has
claimed that parity existed
before NATO began to deploy
the new U.S.-made Pershing 2
and cruise intermediate-range
nuclear missiles in Western
Europe.
From the Los Angeles Times
Moscow — Soviet Foreign
Minister Andrei Gromyko
lashed out yesterday at what
he termed the Reagan adminis
tration's "recklessness and ir
responsibility" but said
Moscow was nonetheless ready
to tackle the problem of nu
clear arms in Europe on the
basis of "existing parity."
Speaking at a voters'
meeting in Minsk, about 400
miles southwest of here, in ad
vance of parliamentary elec
tions Sunday, Gromvko

repeated Soviet charges that
the United States was respon
sible for the collapse last No
vember of the Geneva talks on
restricting intermediate-range
nuclear missiles in Europe.
But, according to a summary
of his remarks distributed yes
terday evening by the official
Tass news agency, the veteran
Kremlin foreign affairs special
ist did not reiterate Moscow's
previous demand that the
United States and its North
Atlantic Treaty Organization
allies show "readiness" to dis

mantle the new rockets
deployed in West Germany and
England starting late last year.
It was not clear whether the
new phrasing indicated a sub
stantive change in the Soviet
position regarding resumption
of the Geneva talks.
In the past, Moscow has
claimed that parity existed
before NATO began to deploy
the new U.S.-made Pershing 2
and cruise intermediate-range
nuclear missiles in Western
Europe.
From the Los Angeles Times
Moscow — Soviet Foreign
Minister Andrei Gromyko
lashed out yesterday at what
he termed the Reagan adminis
tration's "recklessness and ir
responsibility" but said
Moscow was nonetheless ready
to tackle the problem of nu
clear arms in Europe on the
basis of "existing parity."
Speaking at a voters'
meeting in Minsk, about 400
miles southwest of here, in ad
vance of parliamentary elec
tions Sunday, Gromvko

repeated Soviet charges that
the United States was respon
sible for the collapse last No
vember of the Geneva talks on
restricting intermediate-range
nuclear missiles in Europe.
But, according to a summary
of his remarks distributed yes
terday evening by the official
Tass news agency, the veteran
Kremlin foreign affairs special
ist did not reiterate Moscow's
previous demand that the
United States and its North
Atlantic Treaty Organization
allies show "readiness" to dis

mantle the new rockets
deployed in West Germany and
England starting late last year.
It was not clear whether the
new phrasing indicated a sub
stantive change in the Soviet
position regarding resumption
of the Geneva talks.
In the past, Moscow has
claimed that parity existed
before NATO began to deploy
the new U.S.-made Pershing 2
and cruise intermediate-range
nuclear missiles in Western
Europe.
From the Los Angeles Times
Moscow — Soviet Foreign
Minister Andrei Gromyko
lashed out yesterday at what
he termed the Reagan adminis
tration's "recklessness and ir
responsibility" but said
Moscow was nonetheless ready
to tackle the problem of nu
clear arms in Europe on the
basis of "existing parity."
Speaking at a voters'
meeting in Minsk, about 400
miles southwest of here, in ad
vance of parliamentary elec
tions Sunday, Gromvko

repeated Soviet charges that
the United States was respon
sible for the collapse last No
vember of the Geneva talks on
restricting intermediate-range
nuclear missiles in Europe.
But, according to a summary
of his remarks distributed yes
terday evening by the official
Tass news agency, the veteran
Kremlin foreign affairs special
ist did not reiterate Moscow's
previous demand that the
United States and its North
Atlantic Treaty Organization
allies show "readiness" to dis

mantle the new rockets
deployed in West Germany and
England starting late last year.
It was not clear whether the
new phrasing indicated a sub
stantive change in the Soviet
position regarding resumption
of the Geneva talks.
In the past, Moscow has
claimed that parity existed
before NATO began to deploy
the new U.S.-made Pershing 2
and cruise intermediate-range
nuclear missiles in Western
Europe.
From the Los Angeles Times
Moscow — Soviet Foreign
Minister Andrei Gromyko
lashed out yesterday at what
he termed the Reagan adminis
tration's "recklessness and ir
responsibility" but said
Moscow was nonetheless ready
to tackle the problem of nu
clear arms in Europe on the
basis of "existing parity."
Speaking at a voters'
meeting in Minsk, about 400
miles southwest of here, in ad
vance of parliamentary elec
tions Sunday, Gromvko

repeated Soviet charges that
the United States was respon
sible for the collapse last No
vember of the Geneva talks on
restricting intermediate-range
nuclear missiles in Europe.
But, according to a summary
of his remarks distributed yes
terday evening by the official
Tass news agency, the veteran
Kremlin foreign affairs special
ist did not reiterate Moscow's
previous demand that the
United States and its North
Atlantic Treaty Organization
allies show "readiness" to dis

mantle the new rockets
deployed in West Germany and
England starting late last year.
It was not clear whether the
new phrasing indicated a sub
stantive change in the Soviet
position regarding resumption
of the Geneva talks.
In the past, Moscow has
claimed that parity existed
before NATO began to deploy
the new U.S.-made Pershing 2
and cruise intermediate-range
nuclear missiles in Western
Europe.
