# UNION RECEIPTS FALL BELOW FORMER MARK
## 
### 
Receipts to date from the Stanford
Union are not as great as for the same
period during the summer quarter of
last year, according to a statement
made today by Christine Ricker, di
rector of dining halls and the Stanford
Union.
Miss Ricker explained that the sit
uation is caused by the smaller regis
tration this quarter and the fact that
the University as a whole has not, as
yet, settled down to work.
As the quarter progresses it is ex
pected that more and more students
will recognize the convenient faculties
of the Union and especially those of
the Cellar which specializes in short
orders and that 10 o'clock-afterâ€”the
library snack, declared Miss Ricker.

Rugby football first introduced to
eastern colleges during the spring of
1930 has had a great rise in popularity.
