# JOLLY-UP AT ROBLE IS WELL ATTENDED
## 
### 
About a hundred and fifty students
attended the Jolly-up last nitfht at
Roble Hall. It was an all-campus dance
under the auspices of the Summer
Quarter office through the courtesy of
the Roble Club.
Jean Jamison was in charge of the
arrangements and those assisting her
were: Amelia Edgerton, Mable Grif
fiths, Mary Anita Loos, Margaret Mc-
Dougall, and Ann Ohnhaus.
About a hundred and fifty students
attended the Jolly-up last nitfht at
Roble Hall. It was an all-campus dance
under the auspices of the Summer
Quarter office through the courtesy of
the Roble Club.
Jean Jamison was in charge of the
arrangements and those assisting her
were: Amelia Edgerton, Mable Grif
fiths, Mary Anita Loos, Margaret Mc-
Dougall, and Ann Ohnhaus.
About a hundred and fifty students
attended the Jolly-up last nitfht at
Roble Hall. It was an all-campus dance
under the auspices of the Summer
Quarter office through the courtesy of
the Roble Club.
Jean Jamison was in charge of the
arrangements and those assisting her
were: Amelia Edgerton, Mable Grif
fiths, Mary Anita Loos, Margaret Mc-
Dougall, and Ann Ohnhaus.
About a hundred and fifty students
attended the Jolly-up last nitfht at
Roble Hall. It was an all-campus dance
under the auspices of the Summer
Quarter office through the courtesy of
the Roble Club.
Jean Jamison was in charge of the
arrangements and those assisting her
were: Amelia Edgerton, Mable Grif
fiths, Mary Anita Loos, Margaret Mc-
Dougall, and Ann Ohnhaus.
About a hundred and fifty students
attended the Jolly-up last nitfht at
Roble Hall. It was an all-campus dance
under the auspices of the Summer
Quarter office through the courtesy of
the Roble Club.
Jean Jamison was in charge of the
arrangements and those assisting her
were: Amelia Edgerton, Mable Grif
fiths, Mary Anita Loos, Margaret Mc-
Dougall, and Ann Ohnhaus.
About a hundred and fifty students
attended the Jolly-up last nitfht at
Roble Hall. It was an all-campus dance
under the auspices of the Summer
Quarter office through the courtesy of
the Roble Club.
Jean Jamison was in charge of the
arrangements and those assisting her
were: Amelia Edgerton, Mable Grif
fiths, Mary Anita Loos, Margaret Mc-
Dougall, and Ann Ohnhaus.
About a hundred and fifty students
attended the Jolly-up last nitfht at
Roble Hall. It was an all-campus dance
under the auspices of the Summer
Quarter office through the courtesy of
the Roble Club.
Jean Jamison was in charge of the
arrangements and those assisting her
were: Amelia Edgerton, Mable Grif
fiths, Mary Anita Loos, Margaret Mc-
Dougall, and Ann Ohnhaus.
About a hundred and fifty students
attended the Jolly-up last nitfht at
Roble Hall. It was an all-campus dance
under the auspices of the Summer
Quarter office through the courtesy of
the Roble Club.
Jean Jamison was in charge of the
arrangements and those assisting her
were: Amelia Edgerton, Mable Grif
fiths, Mary Anita Loos, Margaret Mc-
Dougall, and Ann Ohnhaus.
About a hundred and fifty students
attended the Jolly-up last nitfht at
Roble Hall. It was an all-campus dance
under the auspices of the Summer
Quarter office through the courtesy of
the Roble Club.
Jean Jamison was in charge of the
arrangements and those assisting her
were: Amelia Edgerton, Mable Grif
fiths, Mary Anita Loos, Margaret Mc-
Dougall, and Ann Ohnhaus.
About a hundred and fifty students
attended the Jolly-up last nitfht at
Roble Hall. It was an all-campus dance
under the auspices of the Summer
Quarter office through the courtesy of
the Roble Club.
Jean Jamison was in charge of the
arrangements and those assisting her
were: Amelia Edgerton, Mable Grif
fiths, Mary Anita Loos, Margaret Mc-
Dougall, and Ann Ohnhaus.
About a hundred and fifty students
attended the Jolly-up last nitfht at
Roble Hall. It was an all-campus dance
under the auspices of the Summer
Quarter office through the courtesy of
the Roble Club.
Jean Jamison was in charge of the
arrangements and those assisting her
were: Amelia Edgerton, Mable Grif
fiths, Mary Anita Loos, Margaret Mc-
Dougall, and Ann Ohnhaus.
About a hundred and fifty students
attended the Jolly-up last nitfht at
Roble Hall. It was an all-campus dance
under the auspices of the Summer
Quarter office through the courtesy of
the Roble Club.
Jean Jamison was in charge of the
arrangements and those assisting her
were: Amelia Edgerton, Mable Grif
fiths, Mary Anita Loos, Margaret Mc-
Dougall, and Ann Ohnhaus.
About a hundred and fifty students
attended the Jolly-up last nitfht at
Roble Hall. It was an all-campus dance
under the auspices of the Summer
Quarter office through the courtesy of
the Roble Club.
Jean Jamison was in charge of the
arrangements and those assisting her
were: Amelia Edgerton, Mable Grif
fiths, Mary Anita Loos, Margaret Mc-
Dougall, and Ann Ohnhaus.
About a hundred and fifty students
attended the Jolly-up last nitfht at
Roble Hall. It was an all-campus dance
under the auspices of the Summer
Quarter office through the courtesy of
the Roble Club.
Jean Jamison was in charge of the
arrangements and those assisting her
were: Amelia Edgerton, Mable Grif
fiths, Mary Anita Loos, Margaret Mc-
Dougall, and Ann Ohnhaus.
About a hundred and fifty students
attended the Jolly-up last nitfht at
Roble Hall. It was an all-campus dance
under the auspices of the Summer
Quarter office through the courtesy of
the Roble Club.
Jean Jamison was in charge of the
arrangements and those assisting her
were: Amelia Edgerton, Mable Grif
fiths, Mary Anita Loos, Margaret Mc-
Dougall, and Ann Ohnhaus.
