# FIRE CHIEF DUGAN WARNS AGAINST USE OF FIRECRACKERS
## 
### 
"No fireworks whatever are al
lowed on the campus, except that
on Saturday people may cele
brate with explosives at Lake
Lagunita," is the statement made
yesterday by Fire Marshal Rob- •
crt E. Dugan in response to the
question of Independence Day
festivities.
Dugan added that there are live
times as many city fires on July
Fourth as there are at any other
time, although there have not
been any serious house fires here
as a result of previous Independ
ence Day celebrations. "There is
always danger of grass fires here
in July," he said, "and the fact
that all the fields have not been
burned ofT this year' makes the
clanger of fires worse than usual."
The prohibition on fire-works
holds in Palo Alto, although there
will be a demonstration at the
yacht harbor about 8 o'clock on
Saurday evening.
"No fireworks whatever are al
lowed on the campus, except that
on Saturday people may cele
brate with explosives at Lake
Lagunita," is the statement made
yesterday by Fire Marshal Rob- •
crt E. Dugan in response to the
question of Independence Day
festivities.
Dugan added that there are live
times as many city fires on July
Fourth as there are at any other
time, although there have not
been any serious house fires here
as a result of previous Independ
ence Day celebrations. "There is
always danger of grass fires here
in July," he said, "and the fact
that all the fields have not been
burned ofT this year' makes the
clanger of fires worse than usual."
The prohibition on fire-works
holds in Palo Alto, although there
will be a demonstration at the
yacht harbor about 8 o'clock on
Saurday evening.
"No fireworks whatever are al
lowed on the campus, except that
on Saturday people may cele
brate with explosives at Lake
Lagunita," is the statement made
yesterday by Fire Marshal Rob- •
crt E. Dugan in response to the
question of Independence Day
festivities.
Dugan added that there are live
times as many city fires on July
Fourth as there are at any other
time, although there have not
been any serious house fires here
as a result of previous Independ
ence Day celebrations. "There is
always danger of grass fires here
in July," he said, "and the fact
that all the fields have not been
burned ofT this year' makes the
clanger of fires worse than usual."
The prohibition on fire-works
holds in Palo Alto, although there
will be a demonstration at the
yacht harbor about 8 o'clock on
Saurday evening.
"No fireworks whatever are al
lowed on the campus, except that
on Saturday people may cele
brate with explosives at Lake
Lagunita," is the statement made
yesterday by Fire Marshal Rob- •
crt E. Dugan in response to the
question of Independence Day
festivities.
Dugan added that there are live
times as many city fires on July
Fourth as there are at any other
time, although there have not
been any serious house fires here
as a result of previous Independ
ence Day celebrations. "There is
always danger of grass fires here
in July," he said, "and the fact
that all the fields have not been
burned ofT this year' makes the
clanger of fires worse than usual."
The prohibition on fire-works
holds in Palo Alto, although there
will be a demonstration at the
yacht harbor about 8 o'clock on
Saurday evening.
"No fireworks whatever are al
lowed on the campus, except that
on Saturday people may cele
brate with explosives at Lake
Lagunita," is the statement made
yesterday by Fire Marshal Rob- •
crt E. Dugan in response to the
question of Independence Day
festivities.
Dugan added that there are live
times as many city fires on July
Fourth as there are at any other
time, although there have not
been any serious house fires here
as a result of previous Independ
ence Day celebrations. "There is
always danger of grass fires here
in July," he said, "and the fact
that all the fields have not been
burned ofT this year' makes the
clanger of fires worse than usual."
The prohibition on fire-works
holds in Palo Alto, although there
will be a demonstration at the
yacht harbor about 8 o'clock on
Saurday evening.
"No fireworks whatever are al
lowed on the campus, except that
on Saturday people may cele
brate with explosives at Lake
Lagunita," is the statement made
yesterday by Fire Marshal Rob- •
crt E. Dugan in response to the
question of Independence Day
festivities.
Dugan added that there are live
times as many city fires on July
Fourth as there are at any other
time, although there have not
been any serious house fires here
as a result of previous Independ
ence Day celebrations. "There is
always danger of grass fires here
in July," he said, "and the fact
that all the fields have not been
burned ofT this year' makes the
clanger of fires worse than usual."
The prohibition on fire-works
holds in Palo Alto, although there
will be a demonstration at the
yacht harbor about 8 o'clock on
Saurday evening.
"No fireworks whatever are al
lowed on the campus, except that
on Saturday people may cele
brate with explosives at Lake
Lagunita," is the statement made
yesterday by Fire Marshal Rob- •
crt E. Dugan in response to the
question of Independence Day
festivities.
Dugan added that there are live
times as many city fires on July
Fourth as there are at any other
time, although there have not
been any serious house fires here
as a result of previous Independ
ence Day celebrations. "There is
always danger of grass fires here
in July," he said, "and the fact
that all the fields have not been
burned ofT this year' makes the
clanger of fires worse than usual."
The prohibition on fire-works
holds in Palo Alto, although there
will be a demonstration at the
yacht harbor about 8 o'clock on
Saurday evening.
"No fireworks whatever are al
lowed on the campus, except that
on Saturday people may cele
brate with explosives at Lake
Lagunita," is the statement made
yesterday by Fire Marshal Rob- •
crt E. Dugan in response to the
question of Independence Day
festivities.
Dugan added that there are live
times as many city fires on July
Fourth as there are at any other
time, although there have not
been any serious house fires here
as a result of previous Independ
ence Day celebrations. "There is
always danger of grass fires here
in July," he said, "and the fact
that all the fields have not been
burned ofT this year' makes the
clanger of fires worse than usual."
The prohibition on fire-works
holds in Palo Alto, although there
will be a demonstration at the
yacht harbor about 8 o'clock on
Saurday evening.
"No fireworks whatever are al
lowed on the campus, except that
on Saturday people may cele
brate with explosives at Lake
Lagunita," is the statement made
yesterday by Fire Marshal Rob- •
crt E. Dugan in response to the
question of Independence Day
festivities.
Dugan added that there are live
times as many city fires on July
Fourth as there are at any other
time, although there have not
been any serious house fires here
as a result of previous Independ
ence Day celebrations. "There is
always danger of grass fires here
in July," he said, "and the fact
that all the fields have not been
burned ofT this year' makes the
clanger of fires worse than usual."
The prohibition on fire-works
holds in Palo Alto, although there
will be a demonstration at the
yacht harbor about 8 o'clock on
Saurday evening.
"No fireworks whatever are al
lowed on the campus, except that
on Saturday people may cele
brate with explosives at Lake
Lagunita," is the statement made
yesterday by Fire Marshal Rob- •
crt E. Dugan in response to the
question of Independence Day
festivities.
Dugan added that there are live
times as many city fires on July
Fourth as there are at any other
time, although there have not
been any serious house fires here
as a result of previous Independ
ence Day celebrations. "There is
always danger of grass fires here
in July," he said, "and the fact
that all the fields have not been
burned ofT this year' makes the
clanger of fires worse than usual."
The prohibition on fire-works
holds in Palo Alto, although there
will be a demonstration at the
yacht harbor about 8 o'clock on
Saurday evening.
"No fireworks whatever are al
lowed on the campus, except that
on Saturday people may cele
brate with explosives at Lake
Lagunita," is the statement made
yesterday by Fire Marshal Rob- •
crt E. Dugan in response to the
question of Independence Day
festivities.
Dugan added that there are live
times as many city fires on July
Fourth as there are at any other
time, although there have not
been any serious house fires here
as a result of previous Independ
ence Day celebrations. "There is
always danger of grass fires here
in July," he said, "and the fact
that all the fields have not been
burned ofT this year' makes the
clanger of fires worse than usual."
The prohibition on fire-works
holds in Palo Alto, although there
will be a demonstration at the
yacht harbor about 8 o'clock on
Saurday evening.
"No fireworks whatever are al
lowed on the campus, except that
on Saturday people may cele
brate with explosives at Lake
Lagunita," is the statement made
yesterday by Fire Marshal Rob- •
crt E. Dugan in response to the
question of Independence Day
festivities.
Dugan added that there are live
times as many city fires on July
Fourth as there are at any other
time, although there have not
been any serious house fires here
as a result of previous Independ
ence Day celebrations. "There is
always danger of grass fires here
in July," he said, "and the fact
that all the fields have not been
burned ofT this year' makes the
clanger of fires worse than usual."
The prohibition on fire-works
holds in Palo Alto, although there
will be a demonstration at the
yacht harbor about 8 o'clock on
Saurday evening.
"No fireworks whatever are al
lowed on the campus, except that
on Saturday people may cele
brate with explosives at Lake
Lagunita," is the statement made
yesterday by Fire Marshal Rob- •
crt E. Dugan in response to the
question of Independence Day
festivities.
Dugan added that there are live
times as many city fires on July
Fourth as there are at any other
time, although there have not
been any serious house fires here
as a result of previous Independ
ence Day celebrations. "There is
always danger of grass fires here
in July," he said, "and the fact
that all the fields have not been
burned ofT this year' makes the
clanger of fires worse than usual."
The prohibition on fire-works
holds in Palo Alto, although there
will be a demonstration at the
yacht harbor about 8 o'clock on
Saurday evening.
"No fireworks whatever are al
lowed on the campus, except that
on Saturday people may cele
brate with explosives at Lake
Lagunita," is the statement made
yesterday by Fire Marshal Rob- •
crt E. Dugan in response to the
question of Independence Day
festivities.
Dugan added that there are live
times as many city fires on July
Fourth as there are at any other
time, although there have not
been any serious house fires here
as a result of previous Independ
ence Day celebrations. "There is
always danger of grass fires here
in July," he said, "and the fact
that all the fields have not been
burned ofT this year' makes the
clanger of fires worse than usual."
The prohibition on fire-works
holds in Palo Alto, although there
will be a demonstration at the
yacht harbor about 8 o'clock on
Saurday evening.
"No fireworks whatever are al
lowed on the campus, except that
on Saturday people may cele
brate with explosives at Lake
Lagunita," is the statement made
yesterday by Fire Marshal Rob- •
crt E. Dugan in response to the
question of Independence Day
festivities.
Dugan added that there are live
times as many city fires on July
Fourth as there are at any other
time, although there have not
been any serious house fires here
as a result of previous Independ
ence Day celebrations. "There is
always danger of grass fires here
in July," he said, "and the fact
that all the fields have not been
burned ofT this year' makes the
clanger of fires worse than usual."
The prohibition on fire-works
holds in Palo Alto, although there
will be a demonstration at the
yacht harbor about 8 o'clock on
Saurday evening.
