# LOCAL AVIATOR BUILDS PLANE
## 
### 
Arthur Martin, veteran Palo Alto
aviator, has successfully constructed,
on the Stanford Aviation Field, a small
pursuit plane modeled along the lines
of the Canadian Air Force "pups" used
with such deadly effect during ihc
World War. Martin's plane has a Le-
Hohne rotary motor and is capable of
great speed.
He is chief airplane mechanic for the
Associated Air Service and has been
in the aviation field since the days of
Lincoln Beachy.
Arthur Martin, veteran Palo Alto
aviator, has successfully constructed,
on the Stanford Aviation Field, a small
pursuit plane modeled along the lines
of the Canadian Air Force "pups" used
with such deadly effect during ihc
World War. Martin's plane has a Le-
Hohne rotary motor and is capable of
great speed.
He is chief airplane mechanic for the
Associated Air Service and has been
in the aviation field since the days of
Lincoln Beachy.
Arthur Martin, veteran Palo Alto
aviator, has successfully constructed,
on the Stanford Aviation Field, a small
pursuit plane modeled along the lines
of the Canadian Air Force "pups" used
with such deadly effect during ihc
World War. Martin's plane has a Le-
Hohne rotary motor and is capable of
great speed.
He is chief airplane mechanic for the
Associated Air Service and has been
in the aviation field since the days of
Lincoln Beachy.
Arthur Martin, veteran Palo Alto
aviator, has successfully constructed,
on the Stanford Aviation Field, a small
pursuit plane modeled along the lines
of the Canadian Air Force "pups" used
with such deadly effect during ihc
World War. Martin's plane has a Le-
Hohne rotary motor and is capable of
great speed.
He is chief airplane mechanic for the
Associated Air Service and has been
in the aviation field since the days of
Lincoln Beachy.
Arthur Martin, veteran Palo Alto
aviator, has successfully constructed,
on the Stanford Aviation Field, a small
pursuit plane modeled along the lines
of the Canadian Air Force "pups" used
with such deadly effect during ihc
World War. Martin's plane has a Le-
Hohne rotary motor and is capable of
great speed.
He is chief airplane mechanic for the
Associated Air Service and has been
in the aviation field since the days of
Lincoln Beachy.
Arthur Martin, veteran Palo Alto
aviator, has successfully constructed,
on the Stanford Aviation Field, a small
pursuit plane modeled along the lines
of the Canadian Air Force "pups" used
with such deadly effect during ihc
World War. Martin's plane has a Le-
Hohne rotary motor and is capable of
great speed.
He is chief airplane mechanic for the
Associated Air Service and has been
in the aviation field since the days of
Lincoln Beachy.
Arthur Martin, veteran Palo Alto
aviator, has successfully constructed,
on the Stanford Aviation Field, a small
pursuit plane modeled along the lines
of the Canadian Air Force "pups" used
with such deadly effect during ihc
World War. Martin's plane has a Le-
Hohne rotary motor and is capable of
great speed.
He is chief airplane mechanic for the
Associated Air Service and has been
in the aviation field since the days of
Lincoln Beachy.
Arthur Martin, veteran Palo Alto
aviator, has successfully constructed,
on the Stanford Aviation Field, a small
pursuit plane modeled along the lines
of the Canadian Air Force "pups" used
with such deadly effect during ihc
World War. Martin's plane has a Le-
Hohne rotary motor and is capable of
great speed.
He is chief airplane mechanic for the
Associated Air Service and has been
in the aviation field since the days of
Lincoln Beachy.
Arthur Martin, veteran Palo Alto
aviator, has successfully constructed,
on the Stanford Aviation Field, a small
pursuit plane modeled along the lines
of the Canadian Air Force "pups" used
with such deadly effect during ihc
World War. Martin's plane has a Le-
Hohne rotary motor and is capable of
great speed.
He is chief airplane mechanic for the
Associated Air Service and has been
in the aviation field since the days of
Lincoln Beachy.
Arthur Martin, veteran Palo Alto
aviator, has successfully constructed,
on the Stanford Aviation Field, a small
pursuit plane modeled along the lines
of the Canadian Air Force "pups" used
with such deadly effect during ihc
World War. Martin's plane has a Le-
Hohne rotary motor and is capable of
great speed.
He is chief airplane mechanic for the
Associated Air Service and has been
in the aviation field since the days of
Lincoln Beachy.
Arthur Martin, veteran Palo Alto
aviator, has successfully constructed,
on the Stanford Aviation Field, a small
pursuit plane modeled along the lines
of the Canadian Air Force "pups" used
with such deadly effect during ihc
World War. Martin's plane has a Le-
Hohne rotary motor and is capable of
great speed.
He is chief airplane mechanic for the
Associated Air Service and has been
in the aviation field since the days of
Lincoln Beachy.
Arthur Martin, veteran Palo Alto
aviator, has successfully constructed,
on the Stanford Aviation Field, a small
pursuit plane modeled along the lines
of the Canadian Air Force "pups" used
with such deadly effect during ihc
World War. Martin's plane has a Le-
Hohne rotary motor and is capable of
great speed.
He is chief airplane mechanic for the
Associated Air Service and has been
in the aviation field since the days of
Lincoln Beachy.
Arthur Martin, veteran Palo Alto
aviator, has successfully constructed,
on the Stanford Aviation Field, a small
pursuit plane modeled along the lines
of the Canadian Air Force "pups" used
with such deadly effect during ihc
World War. Martin's plane has a Le-
Hohne rotary motor and is capable of
great speed.
He is chief airplane mechanic for the
Associated Air Service and has been
in the aviation field since the days of
Lincoln Beachy.
Arthur Martin, veteran Palo Alto
aviator, has successfully constructed,
on the Stanford Aviation Field, a small
pursuit plane modeled along the lines
of the Canadian Air Force "pups" used
with such deadly effect during ihc
World War. Martin's plane has a Le-
Hohne rotary motor and is capable of
great speed.
He is chief airplane mechanic for the
Associated Air Service and has been
in the aviation field since the days of
Lincoln Beachy.
Arthur Martin, veteran Palo Alto
aviator, has successfully constructed,
on the Stanford Aviation Field, a small
pursuit plane modeled along the lines
of the Canadian Air Force "pups" used
with such deadly effect during ihc
World War. Martin's plane has a Le-
Hohne rotary motor and is capable of
great speed.
He is chief airplane mechanic for the
Associated Air Service and has been
in the aviation field since the days of
Lincoln Beachy.
