# Experimental Botany House Erected.
## 
### 
For the purpose of preparing ma
terial for its own experiments, the
Botany department is having a new
brick and cement hothouse con
structed, between the Botany and Zo
ology buildings and to the rear of
them. It is to be divided into two
separate compartments, in order that
one may be had for the daily use of
the classes and the temperature of
the other left undisturbed. A heating
apparatus is also to be installed, in
order that any desired temperature
may be obtained.
In this place the material for class
use will be grown, and kept in a
healthy condition while it is being
worked on. It is also intended to car
ry on many physiological experiments
as soon as the conservatory is com
pleted, which will be some time in the
near future.
