# Dramatic Society Elects New Member.
## 
### 
The Maskers, a dramatic society or
ganized last semester by women of the
University interested in dramatics, haa
elected Miss Elizabeth Buckingham, 'OS
to membership at its last meeting, held
September 10. Miss Buckingham is
pursuing her studies after an absence
of six months from the University,
during which she taught at Castilleja
School, Palo Alto.
The Maskers, a dramatic society or
ganized last semester by women of the
University interested in dramatics, haa
elected Miss Elizabeth Buckingham, 'OS
to membership at its last meeting, held
September 10. Miss Buckingham is
pursuing her studies after an absence
of six months from the University,
during which she taught at Castilleja
School, Palo Alto.
The Maskers, a dramatic society or
ganized last semester by women of the
University interested in dramatics, haa
elected Miss Elizabeth Buckingham, 'OS
to membership at its last meeting, held
September 10. Miss Buckingham is
pursuing her studies after an absence
of six months from the University,
during which she taught at Castilleja
School, Palo Alto.
The Maskers, a dramatic society or
ganized last semester by women of the
University interested in dramatics, haa
elected Miss Elizabeth Buckingham, 'OS
to membership at its last meeting, held
September 10. Miss Buckingham is
pursuing her studies after an absence
of six months from the University,
during which she taught at Castilleja
School, Palo Alto.
The Maskers, a dramatic society or
ganized last semester by women of the
University interested in dramatics, haa
elected Miss Elizabeth Buckingham, 'OS
to membership at its last meeting, held
September 10. Miss Buckingham is
pursuing her studies after an absence
of six months from the University,
during which she taught at Castilleja
School, Palo Alto.
The Maskers, a dramatic society or
ganized last semester by women of the
University interested in dramatics, haa
elected Miss Elizabeth Buckingham, 'OS
to membership at its last meeting, held
September 10. Miss Buckingham is
pursuing her studies after an absence
of six months from the University,
during which she taught at Castilleja
School, Palo Alto.
The Maskers, a dramatic society or
ganized last semester by women of the
University interested in dramatics, haa
elected Miss Elizabeth Buckingham, 'OS
to membership at its last meeting, held
September 10. Miss Buckingham is
pursuing her studies after an absence
of six months from the University,
during which she taught at Castilleja
School, Palo Alto.
The Maskers, a dramatic society or
ganized last semester by women of the
University interested in dramatics, haa
elected Miss Elizabeth Buckingham, 'OS
to membership at its last meeting, held
September 10. Miss Buckingham is
pursuing her studies after an absence
of six months from the University,
during which she taught at Castilleja
School, Palo Alto.
The Maskers, a dramatic society or
ganized last semester by women of the
University interested in dramatics, haa
elected Miss Elizabeth Buckingham, 'OS
to membership at its last meeting, held
September 10. Miss Buckingham is
pursuing her studies after an absence
of six months from the University,
during which she taught at Castilleja
School, Palo Alto.
The Maskers, a dramatic society or
ganized last semester by women of the
University interested in dramatics, haa
elected Miss Elizabeth Buckingham, 'OS
to membership at its last meeting, held
September 10. Miss Buckingham is
pursuing her studies after an absence
of six months from the University,
during which she taught at Castilleja
School, Palo Alto.
