# Senate Meeting
## 
### 
The ASSU Senate will meet
tonight at 7:30 in Room 75 of
the Graduate School of
Business.
The ASSU Senate will meet
tonight at 7:30 in Room 75 of
the Graduate School of
Business.
The ASSU Senate will meet
tonight at 7:30 in Room 75 of
the Graduate School of
Business.
The ASSU Senate will meet
tonight at 7:30 in Room 75 of
the Graduate School of
Business.
The ASSU Senate will meet
tonight at 7:30 in Room 75 of
the Graduate School of
Business.
The ASSU Senate will meet
tonight at 7:30 in Room 75 of
the Graduate School of
Business.
The ASSU Senate will meet
tonight at 7:30 in Room 75 of
the Graduate School of
Business.
The ASSU Senate will meet
tonight at 7:30 in Room 75 of
the Graduate School of
Business.
The ASSU Senate will meet
tonight at 7:30 in Room 75 of
the Graduate School of
Business.
The ASSU Senate will meet
tonight at 7:30 in Room 75 of
the Graduate School of
Business.
The ASSU Senate will meet
tonight at 7:30 in Room 75 of
the Graduate School of
Business.
The ASSU Senate will meet
tonight at 7:30 in Room 75 of
the Graduate School of
Business.
The ASSU Senate will meet
tonight at 7:30 in Room 75 of
the Graduate School of
Business.
