# Adv. 14 Page 4
## 
### 
Officers Elected At
Wrangler Meeting
Prof. P. J. Treat spoke to members
of the Wranglers' Club last night at
their regular meeting in the Women's
Club House. lie discussed the coming
Peace Conference and gave a general
resume of the problems to be considered.
It is the intention of the Wranglers to
follow, week by week, course of the
conference.
Miss Katherine Ames, '19, was elected
the new president of the club for this
quarter, and Miss Margaret Shedd, '20,
vice-president.
Officers Elected At
Wrangler Meeting
Prof. P. J. Treat spoke to members
of the Wranglers' Club last night at
their regular meeting in the Women's
Club House. lie discussed the coming
Peace Conference and gave a general
resume of the problems to be considered.
It is the intention of the Wranglers to
follow, week by week, course of the
conference.
Miss Katherine Ames, '19, was elected
the new president of the club for this
quarter, and Miss Margaret Shedd, '20,
vice-president.
Officers Elected At
Wrangler Meeting
Prof. P. J. Treat spoke to members
of the Wranglers' Club last night at
their regular meeting in the Women's
Club House. lie discussed the coming
Peace Conference and gave a general
resume of the problems to be considered.
It is the intention of the Wranglers to
follow, week by week, course of the
conference.
Miss Katherine Ames, '19, was elected
the new president of the club for this
quarter, and Miss Margaret Shedd, '20,
vice-president.
Officers Elected At
Wrangler Meeting
Prof. P. J. Treat spoke to members
of the Wranglers' Club last night at
their regular meeting in the Women's
Club House. lie discussed the coming
Peace Conference and gave a general
resume of the problems to be considered.
It is the intention of the Wranglers to
follow, week by week, course of the
conference.
Miss Katherine Ames, '19, was elected
the new president of the club for this
quarter, and Miss Margaret Shedd, '20,
vice-president.
Officers Elected At
Wrangler Meeting
Prof. P. J. Treat spoke to members
of the Wranglers' Club last night at
their regular meeting in the Women's
Club House. lie discussed the coming
Peace Conference and gave a general
resume of the problems to be considered.
It is the intention of the Wranglers to
follow, week by week, course of the
conference.
Miss Katherine Ames, '19, was elected
the new president of the club for this
quarter, and Miss Margaret Shedd, '20,
vice-president.
Officers Elected At
Wrangler Meeting
Prof. P. J. Treat spoke to members
of the Wranglers' Club last night at
their regular meeting in the Women's
Club House. lie discussed the coming
Peace Conference and gave a general
resume of the problems to be considered.
It is the intention of the Wranglers to
follow, week by week, course of the
conference.
Miss Katherine Ames, '19, was elected
the new president of the club for this
quarter, and Miss Margaret Shedd, '20,
vice-president.
Officers Elected At
Wrangler Meeting
Prof. P. J. Treat spoke to members
of the Wranglers' Club last night at
their regular meeting in the Women's
Club House. lie discussed the coming
Peace Conference and gave a general
resume of the problems to be considered.
It is the intention of the Wranglers to
follow, week by week, course of the
conference.
Miss Katherine Ames, '19, was elected
the new president of the club for this
quarter, and Miss Margaret Shedd, '20,
vice-president.
Officers Elected At
Wrangler Meeting
Prof. P. J. Treat spoke to members
of the Wranglers' Club last night at
their regular meeting in the Women's
Club House. lie discussed the coming
Peace Conference and gave a general
resume of the problems to be considered.
It is the intention of the Wranglers to
follow, week by week, course of the
conference.
Miss Katherine Ames, '19, was elected
the new president of the club for this
quarter, and Miss Margaret Shedd, '20,
vice-president.
Officers Elected At
Wrangler Meeting
Prof. P. J. Treat spoke to members
of the Wranglers' Club last night at
their regular meeting in the Women's
Club House. lie discussed the coming
Peace Conference and gave a general
resume of the problems to be considered.
It is the intention of the Wranglers to
follow, week by week, course of the
conference.
Miss Katherine Ames, '19, was elected
the new president of the club for this
quarter, and Miss Margaret Shedd, '20,
vice-president.
Officers Elected At
Wrangler Meeting
Prof. P. J. Treat spoke to members
of the Wranglers' Club last night at
their regular meeting in the Women's
Club House. lie discussed the coming
Peace Conference and gave a general
resume of the problems to be considered.
It is the intention of the Wranglers to
follow, week by week, course of the
conference.
Miss Katherine Ames, '19, was elected
the new president of the club for this
quarter, and Miss Margaret Shedd, '20,
vice-president.
Officers Elected At
Wrangler Meeting
Prof. P. J. Treat spoke to members
of the Wranglers' Club last night at
their regular meeting in the Women's
Club House. lie discussed the coming
Peace Conference and gave a general
resume of the problems to be considered.
It is the intention of the Wranglers to
follow, week by week, course of the
conference.
Miss Katherine Ames, '19, was elected
the new president of the club for this
quarter, and Miss Margaret Shedd, '20,
vice-president.
Officers Elected At
Wrangler Meeting
Prof. P. J. Treat spoke to members
of the Wranglers' Club last night at
their regular meeting in the Women's
Club House. lie discussed the coming
Peace Conference and gave a general
resume of the problems to be considered.
It is the intention of the Wranglers to
follow, week by week, course of the
conference.
Miss Katherine Ames, '19, was elected
the new president of the club for this
quarter, and Miss Margaret Shedd, '20,
vice-president.
Officers Elected At
Wrangler Meeting
Prof. P. J. Treat spoke to members
of the Wranglers' Club last night at
their regular meeting in the Women's
Club House. lie discussed the coming
Peace Conference and gave a general
resume of the problems to be considered.
It is the intention of the Wranglers to
follow, week by week, course of the
conference.
Miss Katherine Ames, '19, was elected
the new president of the club for this
quarter, and Miss Margaret Shedd, '20,
vice-president.
