# Travel Talk Slated For Deseret Club
## 
### 
Members of the Deseret Club will
meet tomorrow evening at 7:30
o'clock in the vestry of the chapel
to hear Professor Fred Buss of San
Jose State College. Professor Buss
will talk on "A Trip Down the
Colorado," which he made in con
nection with the Rainbow Expedi
tion.
The group will discuss plans for a
party on November 11, and a com
mittee will be selected. All stu
dents or alumni who are from
Utah are invited to attend the meet
ing.
Members of the Deseret Club will
meet tomorrow evening at 7:30
o'clock in the vestry of the chapel
to hear Professor Fred Buss of San
Jose State College. Professor Buss
will talk on "A Trip Down the
Colorado," which he made in con
nection with the Rainbow Expedi
tion.
The group will discuss plans for a
party on November 11, and a com
mittee will be selected. All stu
dents or alumni who are from
Utah are invited to attend the meet
ing.
Members of the Deseret Club will
meet tomorrow evening at 7:30
o'clock in the vestry of the chapel
to hear Professor Fred Buss of San
Jose State College. Professor Buss
will talk on "A Trip Down the
Colorado," which he made in con
nection with the Rainbow Expedi
tion.
The group will discuss plans for a
party on November 11, and a com
mittee will be selected. All stu
dents or alumni who are from
Utah are invited to attend the meet
ing.
Members of the Deseret Club will
meet tomorrow evening at 7:30
o'clock in the vestry of the chapel
to hear Professor Fred Buss of San
Jose State College. Professor Buss
will talk on "A Trip Down the
Colorado," which he made in con
nection with the Rainbow Expedi
tion.
The group will discuss plans for a
party on November 11, and a com
mittee will be selected. All stu
dents or alumni who are from
Utah are invited to attend the meet
ing.
Members of the Deseret Club will
meet tomorrow evening at 7:30
o'clock in the vestry of the chapel
to hear Professor Fred Buss of San
Jose State College. Professor Buss
will talk on "A Trip Down the
Colorado," which he made in con
nection with the Rainbow Expedi
tion.
The group will discuss plans for a
party on November 11, and a com
mittee will be selected. All stu
dents or alumni who are from
Utah are invited to attend the meet
ing.
Members of the Deseret Club will
meet tomorrow evening at 7:30
o'clock in the vestry of the chapel
to hear Professor Fred Buss of San
Jose State College. Professor Buss
will talk on "A Trip Down the
Colorado," which he made in con
nection with the Rainbow Expedi
tion.
The group will discuss plans for a
party on November 11, and a com
mittee will be selected. All stu
dents or alumni who are from
Utah are invited to attend the meet
ing.
Members of the Deseret Club will
meet tomorrow evening at 7:30
o'clock in the vestry of the chapel
to hear Professor Fred Buss of San
Jose State College. Professor Buss
will talk on "A Trip Down the
Colorado," which he made in con
nection with the Rainbow Expedi
tion.
The group will discuss plans for a
party on November 11, and a com
mittee will be selected. All stu
dents or alumni who are from
Utah are invited to attend the meet
ing.
Members of the Deseret Club will
meet tomorrow evening at 7:30
o'clock in the vestry of the chapel
to hear Professor Fred Buss of San
Jose State College. Professor Buss
will talk on "A Trip Down the
Colorado," which he made in con
nection with the Rainbow Expedi
tion.
The group will discuss plans for a
party on November 11, and a com
mittee will be selected. All stu
dents or alumni who are from
Utah are invited to attend the meet
ing.
Members of the Deseret Club will
meet tomorrow evening at 7:30
o'clock in the vestry of the chapel
to hear Professor Fred Buss of San
Jose State College. Professor Buss
will talk on "A Trip Down the
Colorado," which he made in con
nection with the Rainbow Expedi
tion.
The group will discuss plans for a
party on November 11, and a com
mittee will be selected. All stu
dents or alumni who are from
Utah are invited to attend the meet
ing.
Members of the Deseret Club will
meet tomorrow evening at 7:30
o'clock in the vestry of the chapel
to hear Professor Fred Buss of San
Jose State College. Professor Buss
will talk on "A Trip Down the
Colorado," which he made in con
nection with the Rainbow Expedi
tion.
The group will discuss plans for a
party on November 11, and a com
mittee will be selected. All stu
dents or alumni who are from
Utah are invited to attend the meet
ing.
Members of the Deseret Club will
meet tomorrow evening at 7:30
o'clock in the vestry of the chapel
to hear Professor Fred Buss of San
Jose State College. Professor Buss
will talk on "A Trip Down the
Colorado," which he made in con
nection with the Rainbow Expedi
tion.
The group will discuss plans for a
party on November 11, and a com
mittee will be selected. All stu
dents or alumni who are from
Utah are invited to attend the meet
ing.
Members of the Deseret Club will
meet tomorrow evening at 7:30
o'clock in the vestry of the chapel
to hear Professor Fred Buss of San
Jose State College. Professor Buss
will talk on "A Trip Down the
Colorado," which he made in con
nection with the Rainbow Expedi
tion.
The group will discuss plans for a
party on November 11, and a com
mittee will be selected. All stu
dents or alumni who are from
Utah are invited to attend the meet
ing.
Members of the Deseret Club will
meet tomorrow evening at 7:30
o'clock in the vestry of the chapel
to hear Professor Fred Buss of San
Jose State College. Professor Buss
will talk on "A Trip Down the
Colorado," which he made in con
nection with the Rainbow Expedi
tion.
The group will discuss plans for a
party on November 11, and a com
mittee will be selected. All stu
dents or alumni who are from
Utah are invited to attend the meet
ing.
Members of the Deseret Club will
meet tomorrow evening at 7:30
o'clock in the vestry of the chapel
to hear Professor Fred Buss of San
Jose State College. Professor Buss
will talk on "A Trip Down the
Colorado," which he made in con
nection with the Rainbow Expedi
tion.
The group will discuss plans for a
party on November 11, and a com
mittee will be selected. All stu
dents or alumni who are from
Utah are invited to attend the meet
ing.
Members of the Deseret Club will
meet tomorrow evening at 7:30
o'clock in the vestry of the chapel
to hear Professor Fred Buss of San
Jose State College. Professor Buss
will talk on "A Trip Down the
Colorado," which he made in con
nection with the Rainbow Expedi
tion.
The group will discuss plans for a
party on November 11, and a com
mittee will be selected. All stu
dents or alumni who are from
Utah are invited to attend the meet
ing.
