# EISAN NAMED COACH
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 26 (UP).
—Lee Eisan, former University of
California quarterback, today was
named head football coach at San
Francisco Junior College, succeed
ing Russ Sweet, former University
of Montana track and gridiron star.
Under our electoral system a pres
ident may be elected although he
receives fewer popular votes than
his opponent. This occurred three
times, in 1824, .1876, and 1888.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 26 (UP).
—Lee Eisan, former University of
California quarterback, today was
named head football coach at San
Francisco Junior College, succeed
ing Russ Sweet, former University
of Montana track and gridiron star.
Under our electoral system a pres
ident may be elected although he
receives fewer popular votes than
his opponent. This occurred three
times, in 1824, .1876, and 1888.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 26 (UP).
—Lee Eisan, former University of
California quarterback, today was
named head football coach at San
Francisco Junior College, succeed
ing Russ Sweet, former University
of Montana track and gridiron star.
Under our electoral system a pres
ident may be elected although he
receives fewer popular votes than
his opponent. This occurred three
times, in 1824, .1876, and 1888.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 26 (UP).
—Lee Eisan, former University of
California quarterback, today was
named head football coach at San
Francisco Junior College, succeed
ing Russ Sweet, former University
of Montana track and gridiron star.
Under our electoral system a pres
ident may be elected although he
receives fewer popular votes than
his opponent. This occurred three
times, in 1824, .1876, and 1888.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 26 (UP).
—Lee Eisan, former University of
California quarterback, today was
named head football coach at San
Francisco Junior College, succeed
ing Russ Sweet, former University
of Montana track and gridiron star.
Under our electoral system a pres
ident may be elected although he
receives fewer popular votes than
his opponent. This occurred three
times, in 1824, .1876, and 1888.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 26 (UP).
—Lee Eisan, former University of
California quarterback, today was
named head football coach at San
Francisco Junior College, succeed
ing Russ Sweet, former University
of Montana track and gridiron star.
Under our electoral system a pres
ident may be elected although he
receives fewer popular votes than
his opponent. This occurred three
times, in 1824, .1876, and 1888.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 26 (UP).
—Lee Eisan, former University of
California quarterback, today was
named head football coach at San
Francisco Junior College, succeed
ing Russ Sweet, former University
of Montana track and gridiron star.
Under our electoral system a pres
ident may be elected although he
receives fewer popular votes than
his opponent. This occurred three
times, in 1824, .1876, and 1888.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 26 (UP).
—Lee Eisan, former University of
California quarterback, today was
named head football coach at San
Francisco Junior College, succeed
ing Russ Sweet, former University
of Montana track and gridiron star.
Under our electoral system a pres
ident may be elected although he
receives fewer popular votes than
his opponent. This occurred three
times, in 1824, .1876, and 1888.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 26 (UP).
—Lee Eisan, former University of
California quarterback, today was
named head football coach at San
Francisco Junior College, succeed
ing Russ Sweet, former University
of Montana track and gridiron star.
Under our electoral system a pres
ident may be elected although he
receives fewer popular votes than
his opponent. This occurred three
times, in 1824, .1876, and 1888.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 26 (UP).
—Lee Eisan, former University of
California quarterback, today was
named head football coach at San
Francisco Junior College, succeed
ing Russ Sweet, former University
of Montana track and gridiron star.
Under our electoral system a pres
ident may be elected although he
receives fewer popular votes than
his opponent. This occurred three
times, in 1824, .1876, and 1888.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 26 (UP).
—Lee Eisan, former University of
California quarterback, today was
named head football coach at San
Francisco Junior College, succeed
ing Russ Sweet, former University
of Montana track and gridiron star.
Under our electoral system a pres
ident may be elected although he
receives fewer popular votes than
his opponent. This occurred three
times, in 1824, .1876, and 1888.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 26 (UP).
—Lee Eisan, former University of
California quarterback, today was
named head football coach at San
Francisco Junior College, succeed
ing Russ Sweet, former University
of Montana track and gridiron star.
Under our electoral system a pres
ident may be elected although he
receives fewer popular votes than
his opponent. This occurred three
times, in 1824, .1876, and 1888.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 26 (UP).
—Lee Eisan, former University of
California quarterback, today was
named head football coach at San
Francisco Junior College, succeed
ing Russ Sweet, former University
of Montana track and gridiron star.
Under our electoral system a pres
ident may be elected although he
receives fewer popular votes than
his opponent. This occurred three
times, in 1824, .1876, and 1888.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 26 (UP).
—Lee Eisan, former University of
California quarterback, today was
named head football coach at San
Francisco Junior College, succeed
ing Russ Sweet, former University
of Montana track and gridiron star.
Under our electoral system a pres
ident may be elected although he
receives fewer popular votes than
his opponent. This occurred three
times, in 1824, .1876, and 1888.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 26 (UP).
—Lee Eisan, former University of
California quarterback, today was
named head football coach at San
Francisco Junior College, succeed
ing Russ Sweet, former University
of Montana track and gridiron star.
Under our electoral system a pres
ident may be elected although he
receives fewer popular votes than
his opponent. This occurred three
times, in 1824, .1876, and 1888.
