# Streamlined 'Ears' for Army
## 
### 

UNITED STATES ARMY has streamlined its airplane detectors. This
picture hhows one of the detectors used during the aircraft defense
maneuvers at Fort Bragg, N.C., with its listening horns shorter and
smaller than formerly. They are made of halsa wood, with a cellulose
covering. While they have no greater hearing power, they shut out
all hut plane sounds.

UNITED STATES ARMY has streamlined its airplane detectors. This
picture hhows one of the detectors used during the aircraft defense
maneuvers at Fort Bragg, N.C., with its listening horns shorter and
smaller than formerly. They are made of halsa wood, with a cellulose
covering. While they have no greater hearing power, they shut out
all hut plane sounds.

UNITED STATES ARMY has streamlined its airplane detectors. This
picture hhows one of the detectors used during the aircraft defense
maneuvers at Fort Bragg, N.C., with its listening horns shorter and
smaller than formerly. They are made of halsa wood, with a cellulose
covering. While they have no greater hearing power, they shut out
all hut plane sounds.

UNITED STATES ARMY has streamlined its airplane detectors. This
picture hhows one of the detectors used during the aircraft defense
maneuvers at Fort Bragg, N.C., with its listening horns shorter and
smaller than formerly. They are made of halsa wood, with a cellulose
covering. While they have no greater hearing power, they shut out
all hut plane sounds.

UNITED STATES ARMY has streamlined its airplane detectors. This
picture hhows one of the detectors used during the aircraft defense
maneuvers at Fort Bragg, N.C., with its listening horns shorter and
smaller than formerly. They are made of halsa wood, with a cellulose
covering. While they have no greater hearing power, they shut out
all hut plane sounds.

UNITED STATES ARMY has streamlined its airplane detectors. This
picture hhows one of the detectors used during the aircraft defense
maneuvers at Fort Bragg, N.C., with its listening horns shorter and
smaller than formerly. They are made of halsa wood, with a cellulose
covering. While they have no greater hearing power, they shut out
all hut plane sounds.

UNITED STATES ARMY has streamlined its airplane detectors. This
picture hhows one of the detectors used during the aircraft defense
maneuvers at Fort Bragg, N.C., with its listening horns shorter and
smaller than formerly. They are made of halsa wood, with a cellulose
covering. While they have no greater hearing power, they shut out
all hut plane sounds.

UNITED STATES ARMY has streamlined its airplane detectors. This
picture hhows one of the detectors used during the aircraft defense
maneuvers at Fort Bragg, N.C., with its listening horns shorter and
smaller than formerly. They are made of halsa wood, with a cellulose
covering. While they have no greater hearing power, they shut out
all hut plane sounds.

UNITED STATES ARMY has streamlined its airplane detectors. This
picture hhows one of the detectors used during the aircraft defense
maneuvers at Fort Bragg, N.C., with its listening horns shorter and
smaller than formerly. They are made of halsa wood, with a cellulose
covering. While they have no greater hearing power, they shut out
all hut plane sounds.

UNITED STATES ARMY has streamlined its airplane detectors. This
picture hhows one of the detectors used during the aircraft defense
maneuvers at Fort Bragg, N.C., with its listening horns shorter and
smaller than formerly. They are made of halsa wood, with a cellulose
covering. While they have no greater hearing power, they shut out
all hut plane sounds.

UNITED STATES ARMY has streamlined its airplane detectors. This
picture hhows one of the detectors used during the aircraft defense
maneuvers at Fort Bragg, N.C., with its listening horns shorter and
smaller than formerly. They are made of halsa wood, with a cellulose
covering. While they have no greater hearing power, they shut out
all hut plane sounds.

UNITED STATES ARMY has streamlined its airplane detectors. This
picture hhows one of the detectors used during the aircraft defense
maneuvers at Fort Bragg, N.C., with its listening horns shorter and
smaller than formerly. They are made of halsa wood, with a cellulose
covering. While they have no greater hearing power, they shut out
all hut plane sounds.

UNITED STATES ARMY has streamlined its airplane detectors. This
picture hhows one of the detectors used during the aircraft defense
maneuvers at Fort Bragg, N.C., with its listening horns shorter and
smaller than formerly. They are made of halsa wood, with a cellulose
covering. While they have no greater hearing power, they shut out
all hut plane sounds.

UNITED STATES ARMY has streamlined its airplane detectors. This
picture hhows one of the detectors used during the aircraft defense
maneuvers at Fort Bragg, N.C., with its listening horns shorter and
smaller than formerly. They are made of halsa wood, with a cellulose
covering. While they have no greater hearing power, they shut out
all hut plane sounds.

UNITED STATES ARMY has streamlined its airplane detectors. This
picture hhows one of the detectors used during the aircraft defense
maneuvers at Fort Bragg, N.C., with its listening horns shorter and
smaller than formerly. They are made of halsa wood, with a cellulose
covering. While they have no greater hearing power, they shut out
all hut plane sounds.
