# OIL PLEA RESUMED
## 
### 
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 26 (UP).—
American and other foreign oil com
panies whose properties were ex
propriated last March planned to
take their case before the courts
again today. The government last
night refused the companies' peti
tion for an "administrative revoca
tion" of the expropriation decree.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 26 (UP).—
American and other foreign oil com
panies whose properties were ex
propriated last March planned to
take their case before the courts
again today. The government last
night refused the companies' peti
tion for an "administrative revoca
tion" of the expropriation decree.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 26 (UP).—
American and other foreign oil com
panies whose properties were ex
propriated last March planned to
take their case before the courts
again today. The government last
night refused the companies' peti
tion for an "administrative revoca
tion" of the expropriation decree.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 26 (UP).—
American and other foreign oil com
panies whose properties were ex
propriated last March planned to
take their case before the courts
again today. The government last
night refused the companies' peti
tion for an "administrative revoca
tion" of the expropriation decree.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 26 (UP).—
American and other foreign oil com
panies whose properties were ex
propriated last March planned to
take their case before the courts
again today. The government last
night refused the companies' peti
tion for an "administrative revoca
tion" of the expropriation decree.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 26 (UP).—
American and other foreign oil com
panies whose properties were ex
propriated last March planned to
take their case before the courts
again today. The government last
night refused the companies' peti
tion for an "administrative revoca
tion" of the expropriation decree.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 26 (UP).—
American and other foreign oil com
panies whose properties were ex
propriated last March planned to
take their case before the courts
again today. The government last
night refused the companies' peti
tion for an "administrative revoca
tion" of the expropriation decree.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 26 (UP).—
American and other foreign oil com
panies whose properties were ex
propriated last March planned to
take their case before the courts
again today. The government last
night refused the companies' peti
tion for an "administrative revoca
tion" of the expropriation decree.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 26 (UP).—
American and other foreign oil com
panies whose properties were ex
propriated last March planned to
take their case before the courts
again today. The government last
night refused the companies' peti
tion for an "administrative revoca
tion" of the expropriation decree.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 26 (UP).—
American and other foreign oil com
panies whose properties were ex
propriated last March planned to
take their case before the courts
again today. The government last
night refused the companies' peti
tion for an "administrative revoca
tion" of the expropriation decree.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 26 (UP).—
American and other foreign oil com
panies whose properties were ex
propriated last March planned to
take their case before the courts
again today. The government last
night refused the companies' peti
tion for an "administrative revoca
tion" of the expropriation decree.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 26 (UP).—
American and other foreign oil com
panies whose properties were ex
propriated last March planned to
take their case before the courts
again today. The government last
night refused the companies' peti
tion for an "administrative revoca
tion" of the expropriation decree.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 26 (UP).—
American and other foreign oil com
panies whose properties were ex
propriated last March planned to
take their case before the courts
again today. The government last
night refused the companies' peti
tion for an "administrative revoca
tion" of the expropriation decree.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 26 (UP).—
American and other foreign oil com
panies whose properties were ex
propriated last March planned to
take their case before the courts
again today. The government last
night refused the companies' peti
tion for an "administrative revoca
tion" of the expropriation decree.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 26 (UP).—
American and other foreign oil com
panies whose properties were ex
propriated last March planned to
take their case before the courts
again today. The government last
night refused the companies' peti
tion for an "administrative revoca
tion" of the expropriation decree.
