# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
INDIANS
Sigh, what a night
was! And I did
not get even one
Pumpkin present.
However, I made
up for it by zipping
down to R A early
this AM and getting
a brand new
pullover shirt
made of hopsack
for only 5.95. It
made me feel good
all over. Try one for
INDIANS
Sigh, what a night
was! And I did
not get even one
Pumpkin present.
However, I made
up for it by zipping
down to R A early
this AM and getting
a brand new
pullover shirt
made of hopsack
for only 5.95. It
made me feel good
all over. Try one for
INDIANS
Sigh, what a night
was! And I did
not get even one
Pumpkin present.
However, I made
up for it by zipping
down to R A early
this AM and getting
a brand new
pullover shirt
made of hopsack
for only 5.95. It
made me feel good
all over. Try one for
INDIANS
Sigh, what a night
was! And I did
not get even one
Pumpkin present.
However, I made
up for it by zipping
down to R A early
this AM and getting
a brand new
pullover shirt
made of hopsack
for only 5.95. It
made me feel good
all over. Try one for
INDIANS
Sigh, what a night
was! And I did
not get even one
Pumpkin present.
However, I made
up for it by zipping
down to R A early
this AM and getting
a brand new
pullover shirt
made of hopsack
for only 5.95. It
made me feel good
all over. Try one for
INDIANS
Sigh, what a night
was! And I did
not get even one
Pumpkin present.
However, I made
up for it by zipping
down to R A early
this AM and getting
a brand new
pullover shirt
made of hopsack
for only 5.95. It
made me feel good
all over. Try one for
INDIANS
Sigh, what a night
was! And I did
not get even one
Pumpkin present.
However, I made
up for it by zipping
down to R A early
this AM and getting
a brand new
pullover shirt
made of hopsack
for only 5.95. It
made me feel good
all over. Try one for
INDIANS
Sigh, what a night
was! And I did
not get even one
Pumpkin present.
However, I made
up for it by zipping
down to R A early
this AM and getting
a brand new
pullover shirt
made of hopsack
for only 5.95. It
made me feel good
all over. Try one for
INDIANS
Sigh, what a night
was! And I did
not get even one
Pumpkin present.
However, I made
up for it by zipping
down to R A early
this AM and getting
a brand new
pullover shirt
made of hopsack
for only 5.95. It
made me feel good
all over. Try one for
INDIANS
Sigh, what a night
was! And I did
not get even one
Pumpkin present.
However, I made
up for it by zipping
down to R A early
this AM and getting
a brand new
pullover shirt
made of hopsack
for only 5.95. It
made me feel good
all over. Try one for
INDIANS
Sigh, what a night
was! And I did
not get even one
Pumpkin present.
However, I made
up for it by zipping
down to R A early
this AM and getting
a brand new
pullover shirt
made of hopsack
for only 5.95. It
made me feel good
all over. Try one for
INDIANS
Sigh, what a night
was! And I did
not get even one
Pumpkin present.
However, I made
up for it by zipping
down to R A early
this AM and getting
a brand new
pullover shirt
made of hopsack
for only 5.95. It
made me feel good
all over. Try one for
INDIANS
Sigh, what a night
was! And I did
not get even one
Pumpkin present.
However, I made
up for it by zipping
down to R A early
this AM and getting
a brand new
pullover shirt
made of hopsack
for only 5.95. It
made me feel good
all over. Try one for
INDIANS
Sigh, what a night
was! And I did
not get even one
Pumpkin present.
However, I made
up for it by zipping
down to R A early
this AM and getting
a brand new
pullover shirt
made of hopsack
for only 5.95. It
made me feel good
all over. Try one for
INDIANS
Sigh, what a night
was! And I did
not get even one
Pumpkin present.
However, I made
up for it by zipping
down to R A early
this AM and getting
a brand new
pullover shirt
made of hopsack
for only 5.95. It
made me feel good
all over. Try one for
INDIANS
Sigh, what a night
was! And I did
not get even one
Pumpkin present.
However, I made
up for it by zipping
down to R A early
this AM and getting
a brand new
pullover shirt
made of hopsack
for only 5.95. It
made me feel good
all over. Try one for
