# KZSU to Start at 4 p.m.
## 
### 
Starting today KZSU will begin
broadcasting at 4 p.m. Mon.
through Fri., rather than 7 p.m.
The programs for the additional
period will be announced. There
will be a news broadcast at 5 p.m.
Starting today KZSU will begin
broadcasting at 4 p.m. Mon.
through Fri., rather than 7 p.m.
The programs for the additional
period will be announced. There
will be a news broadcast at 5 p.m.
Starting today KZSU will begin
broadcasting at 4 p.m. Mon.
through Fri., rather than 7 p.m.
The programs for the additional
period will be announced. There
will be a news broadcast at 5 p.m.
Starting today KZSU will begin
broadcasting at 4 p.m. Mon.
through Fri., rather than 7 p.m.
The programs for the additional
period will be announced. There
will be a news broadcast at 5 p.m.
Starting today KZSU will begin
broadcasting at 4 p.m. Mon.
through Fri., rather than 7 p.m.
The programs for the additional
period will be announced. There
will be a news broadcast at 5 p.m.
Starting today KZSU will begin
broadcasting at 4 p.m. Mon.
through Fri., rather than 7 p.m.
The programs for the additional
period will be announced. There
will be a news broadcast at 5 p.m.
Starting today KZSU will begin
broadcasting at 4 p.m. Mon.
through Fri., rather than 7 p.m.
The programs for the additional
period will be announced. There
will be a news broadcast at 5 p.m.
Starting today KZSU will begin
broadcasting at 4 p.m. Mon.
through Fri., rather than 7 p.m.
The programs for the additional
period will be announced. There
will be a news broadcast at 5 p.m.
Starting today KZSU will begin
broadcasting at 4 p.m. Mon.
through Fri., rather than 7 p.m.
The programs for the additional
period will be announced. There
will be a news broadcast at 5 p.m.
Starting today KZSU will begin
broadcasting at 4 p.m. Mon.
through Fri., rather than 7 p.m.
The programs for the additional
period will be announced. There
will be a news broadcast at 5 p.m.
Starting today KZSU will begin
broadcasting at 4 p.m. Mon.
through Fri., rather than 7 p.m.
The programs for the additional
period will be announced. There
will be a news broadcast at 5 p.m.
Starting today KZSU will begin
broadcasting at 4 p.m. Mon.
through Fri., rather than 7 p.m.
The programs for the additional
period will be announced. There
will be a news broadcast at 5 p.m.
Starting today KZSU will begin
broadcasting at 4 p.m. Mon.
through Fri., rather than 7 p.m.
The programs for the additional
period will be announced. There
will be a news broadcast at 5 p.m.
Starting today KZSU will begin
broadcasting at 4 p.m. Mon.
through Fri., rather than 7 p.m.
The programs for the additional
period will be announced. There
will be a news broadcast at 5 p.m.
Starting today KZSU will begin
broadcasting at 4 p.m. Mon.
through Fri., rather than 7 p.m.
The programs for the additional
period will be announced. There
will be a news broadcast at 5 p.m.
Starting today KZSU will begin
broadcasting at 4 p.m. Mon.
through Fri., rather than 7 p.m.
The programs for the additional
period will be announced. There
will be a news broadcast at 5 p.m.
