# Bikes Barred From Quad
## 
### 
All bicycle riders, from
freshmen to graduate stu
dents, are reminded that bi
cycles are not permitted on
Quad.
The rule, passed more than
a year ago by Legislature,
went back into effect this
week with the closing of the
iron gate on Quad across
from the library.
Students should park their
bikes on the gravel area
which runs from Engineering
Corner behind Memorial
Church to Geology Corner.
Other bike parking areas can
be found in the area between
Inner and Outer Quad from
History Corner to Physics
Corner.

The action padlocking the
gate and again banning bikes
from Quad was taken for the
safety of both pedestrians
and bike riders, as a result
of many complaints to the
police from pedestrians hit
or almost hit at the gate and
on Quad.
All bicycle riders, from
freshmen to graduate stu
dents, are reminded that bi
cycles are not permitted on
Quad.
The rule, passed more than
a year ago by Legislature,
went back into effect this
week with the closing of the
iron gate on Quad across
from the library.
Students should park their
bikes on the gravel area
which runs from Engineering
Corner behind Memorial
Church to Geology Corner.
Other bike parking areas can
be found in the area between
Inner and Outer Quad from
History Corner to Physics
Corner.

The action padlocking the
gate and again banning bikes
from Quad was taken for the
safety of both pedestrians
and bike riders, as a result
of many complaints to the
police from pedestrians hit
or almost hit at the gate and
on Quad.
All bicycle riders, from
freshmen to graduate stu
dents, are reminded that bi
cycles are not permitted on
Quad.
The rule, passed more than
a year ago by Legislature,
went back into effect this
week with the closing of the
iron gate on Quad across
from the library.
Students should park their
bikes on the gravel area
which runs from Engineering
Corner behind Memorial
Church to Geology Corner.
Other bike parking areas can
be found in the area between
Inner and Outer Quad from
History Corner to Physics
Corner.

The action padlocking the
gate and again banning bikes
from Quad was taken for the
safety of both pedestrians
and bike riders, as a result
of many complaints to the
police from pedestrians hit
or almost hit at the gate and
on Quad.
All bicycle riders, from
freshmen to graduate stu
dents, are reminded that bi
cycles are not permitted on
Quad.
The rule, passed more than
a year ago by Legislature,
went back into effect this
week with the closing of the
iron gate on Quad across
from the library.
Students should park their
bikes on the gravel area
which runs from Engineering
Corner behind Memorial
Church to Geology Corner.
Other bike parking areas can
be found in the area between
Inner and Outer Quad from
History Corner to Physics
Corner.

The action padlocking the
gate and again banning bikes
from Quad was taken for the
safety of both pedestrians
and bike riders, as a result
of many complaints to the
police from pedestrians hit
or almost hit at the gate and
on Quad.
All bicycle riders, from
freshmen to graduate stu
dents, are reminded that bi
cycles are not permitted on
Quad.
The rule, passed more than
a year ago by Legislature,
went back into effect this
week with the closing of the
iron gate on Quad across
from the library.
Students should park their
bikes on the gravel area
which runs from Engineering
Corner behind Memorial
Church to Geology Corner.
Other bike parking areas can
be found in the area between
Inner and Outer Quad from
History Corner to Physics
Corner.

The action padlocking the
gate and again banning bikes
from Quad was taken for the
safety of both pedestrians
and bike riders, as a result
of many complaints to the
police from pedestrians hit
or almost hit at the gate and
on Quad.
All bicycle riders, from
freshmen to graduate stu
dents, are reminded that bi
cycles are not permitted on
Quad.
The rule, passed more than
a year ago by Legislature,
went back into effect this
week with the closing of the
iron gate on Quad across
from the library.
Students should park their
bikes on the gravel area
which runs from Engineering
Corner behind Memorial
Church to Geology Corner.
Other bike parking areas can
be found in the area between
Inner and Outer Quad from
History Corner to Physics
Corner.

The action padlocking the
gate and again banning bikes
from Quad was taken for the
safety of both pedestrians
and bike riders, as a result
of many complaints to the
police from pedestrians hit
or almost hit at the gate and
on Quad.
All bicycle riders, from
freshmen to graduate stu
dents, are reminded that bi
cycles are not permitted on
Quad.
The rule, passed more than
a year ago by Legislature,
went back into effect this
week with the closing of the
iron gate on Quad across
from the library.
Students should park their
bikes on the gravel area
which runs from Engineering
Corner behind Memorial
Church to Geology Corner.
Other bike parking areas can
be found in the area between
Inner and Outer Quad from
History Corner to Physics
Corner.

The action padlocking the
gate and again banning bikes
from Quad was taken for the
safety of both pedestrians
and bike riders, as a result
of many complaints to the
police from pedestrians hit
or almost hit at the gate and
on Quad.
All bicycle riders, from
freshmen to graduate stu
dents, are reminded that bi
cycles are not permitted on
Quad.
The rule, passed more than
a year ago by Legislature,
went back into effect this
week with the closing of the
iron gate on Quad across
from the library.
Students should park their
bikes on the gravel area
which runs from Engineering
Corner behind Memorial
Church to Geology Corner.
Other bike parking areas can
be found in the area between
Inner and Outer Quad from
History Corner to Physics
Corner.

The action padlocking the
gate and again banning bikes
from Quad was taken for the
safety of both pedestrians
and bike riders, as a result
of many complaints to the
police from pedestrians hit
or almost hit at the gate and
on Quad.
All bicycle riders, from
freshmen to graduate stu
dents, are reminded that bi
cycles are not permitted on
Quad.
The rule, passed more than
a year ago by Legislature,
went back into effect this
week with the closing of the
iron gate on Quad across
from the library.
Students should park their
bikes on the gravel area
which runs from Engineering
Corner behind Memorial
Church to Geology Corner.
Other bike parking areas can
be found in the area between
Inner and Outer Quad from
History Corner to Physics
Corner.

The action padlocking the
gate and again banning bikes
from Quad was taken for the
safety of both pedestrians
and bike riders, as a result
of many complaints to the
police from pedestrians hit
or almost hit at the gate and
on Quad.
All bicycle riders, from
freshmen to graduate stu
dents, are reminded that bi
cycles are not permitted on
Quad.
The rule, passed more than
a year ago by Legislature,
went back into effect this
week with the closing of the
iron gate on Quad across
from the library.
Students should park their
bikes on the gravel area
which runs from Engineering
Corner behind Memorial
Church to Geology Corner.
Other bike parking areas can
be found in the area between
Inner and Outer Quad from
History Corner to Physics
Corner.

The action padlocking the
gate and again banning bikes
from Quad was taken for the
safety of both pedestrians
and bike riders, as a result
of many complaints to the
police from pedestrians hit
or almost hit at the gate and
on Quad.
All bicycle riders, from
freshmen to graduate stu
dents, are reminded that bi
cycles are not permitted on
Quad.
The rule, passed more than
a year ago by Legislature,
went back into effect this
week with the closing of the
iron gate on Quad across
from the library.
Students should park their
bikes on the gravel area
which runs from Engineering
Corner behind Memorial
Church to Geology Corner.
Other bike parking areas can
be found in the area between
Inner and Outer Quad from
History Corner to Physics
Corner.

The action padlocking the
gate and again banning bikes
from Quad was taken for the
safety of both pedestrians
and bike riders, as a result
of many complaints to the
police from pedestrians hit
or almost hit at the gate and
on Quad.
All bicycle riders, from
freshmen to graduate stu
dents, are reminded that bi
cycles are not permitted on
Quad.
The rule, passed more than
a year ago by Legislature,
went back into effect this
week with the closing of the
iron gate on Quad across
from the library.
Students should park their
bikes on the gravel area
which runs from Engineering
Corner behind Memorial
Church to Geology Corner.
Other bike parking areas can
be found in the area between
Inner and Outer Quad from
History Corner to Physics
Corner.

The action padlocking the
gate and again banning bikes
from Quad was taken for the
safety of both pedestrians
and bike riders, as a result
of many complaints to the
police from pedestrians hit
or almost hit at the gate and
on Quad.
All bicycle riders, from
freshmen to graduate stu
dents, are reminded that bi
cycles are not permitted on
Quad.
The rule, passed more than
a year ago by Legislature,
went back into effect this
week with the closing of the
iron gate on Quad across
from the library.
Students should park their
bikes on the gravel area
which runs from Engineering
Corner behind Memorial
Church to Geology Corner.
Other bike parking areas can
be found in the area between
Inner and Outer Quad from
History Corner to Physics
Corner.

The action padlocking the
gate and again banning bikes
from Quad was taken for the
safety of both pedestrians
and bike riders, as a result
of many complaints to the
police from pedestrians hit
or almost hit at the gate and
on Quad.
All bicycle riders, from
freshmen to graduate stu
dents, are reminded that bi
cycles are not permitted on
Quad.
The rule, passed more than
a year ago by Legislature,
went back into effect this
week with the closing of the
iron gate on Quad across
from the library.
Students should park their
bikes on the gravel area
which runs from Engineering
Corner behind Memorial
Church to Geology Corner.
Other bike parking areas can
be found in the area between
Inner and Outer Quad from
History Corner to Physics
Corner.

The action padlocking the
gate and again banning bikes
from Quad was taken for the
safety of both pedestrians
and bike riders, as a result
of many complaints to the
police from pedestrians hit
or almost hit at the gate and
on Quad.
All bicycle riders, from
freshmen to graduate stu
dents, are reminded that bi
cycles are not permitted on
Quad.
The rule, passed more than
a year ago by Legislature,
went back into effect this
week with the closing of the
iron gate on Quad across
from the library.
Students should park their
bikes on the gravel area
which runs from Engineering
Corner behind Memorial
Church to Geology Corner.
Other bike parking areas can
be found in the area between
Inner and Outer Quad from
History Corner to Physics
Corner.

The action padlocking the
gate and again banning bikes
from Quad was taken for the
safety of both pedestrians
and bike riders, as a result
of many complaints to the
police from pedestrians hit
or almost hit at the gate and
on Quad.
All bicycle riders, from
freshmen to graduate stu
dents, are reminded that bi
cycles are not permitted on
Quad.
The rule, passed more than
a year ago by Legislature,
went back into effect this
week with the closing of the
iron gate on Quad across
from the library.
Students should park their
bikes on the gravel area
which runs from Engineering
Corner behind Memorial
Church to Geology Corner.
Other bike parking areas can
be found in the area between
Inner and Outer Quad from
History Corner to Physics
Corner.

The action padlocking the
gate and again banning bikes
from Quad was taken for the
safety of both pedestrians
and bike riders, as a result
of many complaints to the
police from pedestrians hit
or almost hit at the gate and
on Quad.
