# Allen Show Tickets Being Given Away
## 
### 
Steve Allen has given 300 tick
ets to Stanford for his show
which will be video-taped at the
Fox Theatre in San Francisco
at 4:30 p.m., next Wed., Nov. 8.
Ram's Head is distributing the
tickets free on a first-come-first
served basis. They may be picked
up at the Ram's Head office in
the Union above the Cellar
through Fri. from noon to 4 p.m.
There is a limit of two tickets
per person.
Besides a cast and production
staff. Allen will have as guest
stars the Smothers Brothers,
singer Joanie Sommers and com
edians Louis Nye and Bill Dana.
Remote video-taping for this,
the first of Allen’s TV shows to
be done in San Francisco, will
probably be done in Chinatown,
Nob Hill and atop the Fairmont
Hotel.
Steve Allen has given 300 tick
ets to Stanford for his show
which will be video-taped at the
Fox Theatre in San Francisco
at 4:30 p.m., next Wed., Nov. 8.
Ram's Head is distributing the
tickets free on a first-come-first
served basis. They may be picked
up at the Ram's Head office in
the Union above the Cellar
through Fri. from noon to 4 p.m.
There is a limit of two tickets
per person.
Besides a cast and production
staff. Allen will have as guest
stars the Smothers Brothers,
singer Joanie Sommers and com
edians Louis Nye and Bill Dana.
Remote video-taping for this,
the first of Allen’s TV shows to
be done in San Francisco, will
probably be done in Chinatown,
Nob Hill and atop the Fairmont
Hotel.
Steve Allen has given 300 tick
ets to Stanford for his show
which will be video-taped at the
Fox Theatre in San Francisco
at 4:30 p.m., next Wed., Nov. 8.
Ram's Head is distributing the
tickets free on a first-come-first
served basis. They may be picked
up at the Ram's Head office in
the Union above the Cellar
through Fri. from noon to 4 p.m.
There is a limit of two tickets
per person.
Besides a cast and production
staff. Allen will have as guest
stars the Smothers Brothers,
singer Joanie Sommers and com
edians Louis Nye and Bill Dana.
Remote video-taping for this,
the first of Allen’s TV shows to
be done in San Francisco, will
probably be done in Chinatown,
Nob Hill and atop the Fairmont
Hotel.
Steve Allen has given 300 tick
ets to Stanford for his show
which will be video-taped at the
Fox Theatre in San Francisco
at 4:30 p.m., next Wed., Nov. 8.
Ram's Head is distributing the
tickets free on a first-come-first
served basis. They may be picked
up at the Ram's Head office in
the Union above the Cellar
through Fri. from noon to 4 p.m.
There is a limit of two tickets
per person.
Besides a cast and production
staff. Allen will have as guest
stars the Smothers Brothers,
singer Joanie Sommers and com
edians Louis Nye and Bill Dana.
Remote video-taping for this,
the first of Allen’s TV shows to
be done in San Francisco, will
probably be done in Chinatown,
Nob Hill and atop the Fairmont
Hotel.
Steve Allen has given 300 tick
ets to Stanford for his show
which will be video-taped at the
Fox Theatre in San Francisco
at 4:30 p.m., next Wed., Nov. 8.
Ram's Head is distributing the
tickets free on a first-come-first
served basis. They may be picked
up at the Ram's Head office in
the Union above the Cellar
through Fri. from noon to 4 p.m.
There is a limit of two tickets
per person.
Besides a cast and production
staff. Allen will have as guest
stars the Smothers Brothers,
singer Joanie Sommers and com
edians Louis Nye and Bill Dana.
Remote video-taping for this,
the first of Allen’s TV shows to
be done in San Francisco, will
probably be done in Chinatown,
Nob Hill and atop the Fairmont
Hotel.
Steve Allen has given 300 tick
ets to Stanford for his show
which will be video-taped at the
Fox Theatre in San Francisco
at 4:30 p.m., next Wed., Nov. 8.
Ram's Head is distributing the
tickets free on a first-come-first
served basis. They may be picked
up at the Ram's Head office in
the Union above the Cellar
through Fri. from noon to 4 p.m.
There is a limit of two tickets
per person.
Besides a cast and production
staff. Allen will have as guest
stars the Smothers Brothers,
singer Joanie Sommers and com
edians Louis Nye and Bill Dana.
Remote video-taping for this,
the first of Allen’s TV shows to
be done in San Francisco, will
probably be done in Chinatown,
Nob Hill and atop the Fairmont
Hotel.
Steve Allen has given 300 tick
ets to Stanford for his show
which will be video-taped at the
Fox Theatre in San Francisco
at 4:30 p.m., next Wed., Nov. 8.
Ram's Head is distributing the
tickets free on a first-come-first
served basis. They may be picked
up at the Ram's Head office in
the Union above the Cellar
through Fri. from noon to 4 p.m.
There is a limit of two tickets
per person.
Besides a cast and production
staff. Allen will have as guest
stars the Smothers Brothers,
singer Joanie Sommers and com
edians Louis Nye and Bill Dana.
Remote video-taping for this,
the first of Allen’s TV shows to
be done in San Francisco, will
probably be done in Chinatown,
Nob Hill and atop the Fairmont
Hotel.
Steve Allen has given 300 tick
ets to Stanford for his show
which will be video-taped at the
Fox Theatre in San Francisco
at 4:30 p.m., next Wed., Nov. 8.
Ram's Head is distributing the
tickets free on a first-come-first
served basis. They may be picked
up at the Ram's Head office in
the Union above the Cellar
through Fri. from noon to 4 p.m.
There is a limit of two tickets
per person.
Besides a cast and production
staff. Allen will have as guest
stars the Smothers Brothers,
singer Joanie Sommers and com
edians Louis Nye and Bill Dana.
Remote video-taping for this,
the first of Allen’s TV shows to
be done in San Francisco, will
probably be done in Chinatown,
Nob Hill and atop the Fairmont
Hotel.
Steve Allen has given 300 tick
ets to Stanford for his show
which will be video-taped at the
Fox Theatre in San Francisco
at 4:30 p.m., next Wed., Nov. 8.
Ram's Head is distributing the
tickets free on a first-come-first
served basis. They may be picked
up at the Ram's Head office in
the Union above the Cellar
through Fri. from noon to 4 p.m.
There is a limit of two tickets
per person.
Besides a cast and production
staff. Allen will have as guest
stars the Smothers Brothers,
singer Joanie Sommers and com
edians Louis Nye and Bill Dana.
Remote video-taping for this,
the first of Allen’s TV shows to
be done in San Francisco, will
probably be done in Chinatown,
Nob Hill and atop the Fairmont
Hotel.
Steve Allen has given 300 tick
ets to Stanford for his show
which will be video-taped at the
Fox Theatre in San Francisco
at 4:30 p.m., next Wed., Nov. 8.
Ram's Head is distributing the
tickets free on a first-come-first
served basis. They may be picked
up at the Ram's Head office in
the Union above the Cellar
through Fri. from noon to 4 p.m.
There is a limit of two tickets
per person.
Besides a cast and production
staff. Allen will have as guest
stars the Smothers Brothers,
singer Joanie Sommers and com
edians Louis Nye and Bill Dana.
Remote video-taping for this,
the first of Allen’s TV shows to
be done in San Francisco, will
probably be done in Chinatown,
Nob Hill and atop the Fairmont
Hotel.
Steve Allen has given 300 tick
ets to Stanford for his show
which will be video-taped at the
Fox Theatre in San Francisco
at 4:30 p.m., next Wed., Nov. 8.
Ram's Head is distributing the
tickets free on a first-come-first
served basis. They may be picked
up at the Ram's Head office in
the Union above the Cellar
through Fri. from noon to 4 p.m.
There is a limit of two tickets
per person.
Besides a cast and production
staff. Allen will have as guest
stars the Smothers Brothers,
singer Joanie Sommers and com
edians Louis Nye and Bill Dana.
Remote video-taping for this,
the first of Allen’s TV shows to
be done in San Francisco, will
probably be done in Chinatown,
Nob Hill and atop the Fairmont
Hotel.
Steve Allen has given 300 tick
ets to Stanford for his show
which will be video-taped at the
Fox Theatre in San Francisco
at 4:30 p.m., next Wed., Nov. 8.
Ram's Head is distributing the
tickets free on a first-come-first
served basis. They may be picked
up at the Ram's Head office in
the Union above the Cellar
through Fri. from noon to 4 p.m.
There is a limit of two tickets
per person.
Besides a cast and production
staff. Allen will have as guest
stars the Smothers Brothers,
singer Joanie Sommers and com
edians Louis Nye and Bill Dana.
Remote video-taping for this,
the first of Allen’s TV shows to
be done in San Francisco, will
probably be done in Chinatown,
Nob Hill and atop the Fairmont
Hotel.
Steve Allen has given 300 tick
ets to Stanford for his show
which will be video-taped at the
Fox Theatre in San Francisco
at 4:30 p.m., next Wed., Nov. 8.
Ram's Head is distributing the
tickets free on a first-come-first
served basis. They may be picked
up at the Ram's Head office in
the Union above the Cellar
through Fri. from noon to 4 p.m.
There is a limit of two tickets
per person.
Besides a cast and production
staff. Allen will have as guest
stars the Smothers Brothers,
singer Joanie Sommers and com
edians Louis Nye and Bill Dana.
Remote video-taping for this,
the first of Allen’s TV shows to
be done in San Francisco, will
probably be done in Chinatown,
Nob Hill and atop the Fairmont
Hotel.
Steve Allen has given 300 tick
ets to Stanford for his show
which will be video-taped at the
Fox Theatre in San Francisco
at 4:30 p.m., next Wed., Nov. 8.
Ram's Head is distributing the
tickets free on a first-come-first
served basis. They may be picked
up at the Ram's Head office in
the Union above the Cellar
through Fri. from noon to 4 p.m.
There is a limit of two tickets
per person.
Besides a cast and production
staff. Allen will have as guest
stars the Smothers Brothers,
singer Joanie Sommers and com
edians Louis Nye and Bill Dana.
Remote video-taping for this,
the first of Allen’s TV shows to
be done in San Francisco, will
probably be done in Chinatown,
Nob Hill and atop the Fairmont
Hotel.
Steve Allen has given 300 tick
ets to Stanford for his show
which will be video-taped at the
Fox Theatre in San Francisco
at 4:30 p.m., next Wed., Nov. 8.
Ram's Head is distributing the
tickets free on a first-come-first
served basis. They may be picked
up at the Ram's Head office in
the Union above the Cellar
through Fri. from noon to 4 p.m.
There is a limit of two tickets
per person.
Besides a cast and production
staff. Allen will have as guest
stars the Smothers Brothers,
singer Joanie Sommers and com
edians Louis Nye and Bill Dana.
Remote video-taping for this,
the first of Allen’s TV shows to
be done in San Francisco, will
probably be done in Chinatown,
Nob Hill and atop the Fairmont
Hotel.
Steve Allen has given 300 tick
ets to Stanford for his show
which will be video-taped at the
Fox Theatre in San Francisco
at 4:30 p.m., next Wed., Nov. 8.
Ram's Head is distributing the
tickets free on a first-come-first
served basis. They may be picked
up at the Ram's Head office in
the Union above the Cellar
through Fri. from noon to 4 p.m.
There is a limit of two tickets
per person.
Besides a cast and production
staff. Allen will have as guest
stars the Smothers Brothers,
singer Joanie Sommers and com
edians Louis Nye and Bill Dana.
Remote video-taping for this,
the first of Allen’s TV shows to
be done in San Francisco, will
probably be done in Chinatown,
Nob Hill and atop the Fairmont
Hotel.
