# U.S. Troops Smash Enemy Strong points
## 
### 
ALLIED H.Q., Australia, July 14—
U.S. Army troops, within a mile of
Munda on the east, today continued
advancing on the Japanese base de
spite stiffening Japanese resistance
and wiped out two enemy strong
points, a communique announced.
ALLIED H.Q., Australia, July 14—
U.S. Army troops, within a mile of
Munda on the east, today continued
advancing on the Japanese base de
spite stiffening Japanese resistance
and wiped out two enemy strong
points, a communique announced.
ALLIED H.Q., Australia, July 14—
U.S. Army troops, within a mile of
Munda on the east, today continued
advancing on the Japanese base de
spite stiffening Japanese resistance
and wiped out two enemy strong
points, a communique announced.
ALLIED H.Q., Australia, July 14—
U.S. Army troops, within a mile of
Munda on the east, today continued
advancing on the Japanese base de
spite stiffening Japanese resistance
and wiped out two enemy strong
points, a communique announced.
ALLIED H.Q., Australia, July 14—
U.S. Army troops, within a mile of
Munda on the east, today continued
advancing on the Japanese base de
spite stiffening Japanese resistance
and wiped out two enemy strong
points, a communique announced.
ALLIED H.Q., Australia, July 14—
U.S. Army troops, within a mile of
Munda on the east, today continued
advancing on the Japanese base de
spite stiffening Japanese resistance
and wiped out two enemy strong
points, a communique announced.
ALLIED H.Q., Australia, July 14—
U.S. Army troops, within a mile of
Munda on the east, today continued
advancing on the Japanese base de
spite stiffening Japanese resistance
and wiped out two enemy strong
points, a communique announced.
ALLIED H.Q., Australia, July 14—
U.S. Army troops, within a mile of
Munda on the east, today continued
advancing on the Japanese base de
spite stiffening Japanese resistance
and wiped out two enemy strong
points, a communique announced.
ALLIED H.Q., Australia, July 14—
U.S. Army troops, within a mile of
Munda on the east, today continued
advancing on the Japanese base de
spite stiffening Japanese resistance
and wiped out two enemy strong
points, a communique announced.
ALLIED H.Q., Australia, July 14—
U.S. Army troops, within a mile of
Munda on the east, today continued
advancing on the Japanese base de
spite stiffening Japanese resistance
and wiped out two enemy strong
points, a communique announced.
ALLIED H.Q., Australia, July 14—
U.S. Army troops, within a mile of
Munda on the east, today continued
advancing on the Japanese base de
spite stiffening Japanese resistance
and wiped out two enemy strong
points, a communique announced.
ALLIED H.Q., Australia, July 14—
U.S. Army troops, within a mile of
Munda on the east, today continued
advancing on the Japanese base de
spite stiffening Japanese resistance
and wiped out two enemy strong
points, a communique announced.
ALLIED H.Q., Australia, July 14—
U.S. Army troops, within a mile of
Munda on the east, today continued
advancing on the Japanese base de
spite stiffening Japanese resistance
and wiped out two enemy strong
points, a communique announced.
ALLIED H.Q., Australia, July 14—
U.S. Army troops, within a mile of
Munda on the east, today continued
advancing on the Japanese base de
spite stiffening Japanese resistance
and wiped out two enemy strong
points, a communique announced.
ALLIED H.Q., Australia, July 14—
U.S. Army troops, within a mile of
Munda on the east, today continued
advancing on the Japanese base de
spite stiffening Japanese resistance
and wiped out two enemy strong
points, a communique announced.
ALLIED H.Q., Australia, July 14—
U.S. Army troops, within a mile of
Munda on the east, today continued
advancing on the Japanese base de
spite stiffening Japanese resistance
and wiped out two enemy strong
points, a communique announced.
ALLIED H.Q., Australia, July 14—
U.S. Army troops, within a mile of
Munda on the east, today continued
advancing on the Japanese base de
spite stiffening Japanese resistance
and wiped out two enemy strong
points, a communique announced.
