# Education Faculty Write Top Books
## 
### 
Four of the 60 best educational
books of the year listed by the Jour
nal of the National Education Asso
ciation were written by or in col
laboration with members of the Stan
ford School of Education faculty.
J. P. Leonard and Alvin C. Eurich
are editors of "An Evaluation of
Modern Education"; Walter V. Kaul
fers is the author of "Modern Lan
guages for Modern Schools"; Kaul
fers, Grayson N. Kefauver, and H. D.
Roberts collaborated on "Foreign
Languages and Cultures in American
Education"; and Holland Roberts is
the author of "Living: The Basis for
Learning."
Four of the 60 best educational
books of the year listed by the Jour
nal of the National Education Asso
ciation were written by or in col
laboration with members of the Stan
ford School of Education faculty.
J. P. Leonard and Alvin C. Eurich
are editors of "An Evaluation of
Modern Education"; Walter V. Kaul
fers is the author of "Modern Lan
guages for Modern Schools"; Kaul
fers, Grayson N. Kefauver, and H. D.
Roberts collaborated on "Foreign
Languages and Cultures in American
Education"; and Holland Roberts is
the author of "Living: The Basis for
Learning."
Four of the 60 best educational
books of the year listed by the Jour
nal of the National Education Asso
ciation were written by or in col
laboration with members of the Stan
ford School of Education faculty.
J. P. Leonard and Alvin C. Eurich
are editors of "An Evaluation of
Modern Education"; Walter V. Kaul
fers is the author of "Modern Lan
guages for Modern Schools"; Kaul
fers, Grayson N. Kefauver, and H. D.
Roberts collaborated on "Foreign
Languages and Cultures in American
Education"; and Holland Roberts is
the author of "Living: The Basis for
Learning."
Four of the 60 best educational
books of the year listed by the Jour
nal of the National Education Asso
ciation were written by or in col
laboration with members of the Stan
ford School of Education faculty.
J. P. Leonard and Alvin C. Eurich
are editors of "An Evaluation of
Modern Education"; Walter V. Kaul
fers is the author of "Modern Lan
guages for Modern Schools"; Kaul
fers, Grayson N. Kefauver, and H. D.
Roberts collaborated on "Foreign
Languages and Cultures in American
Education"; and Holland Roberts is
the author of "Living: The Basis for
Learning."
Four of the 60 best educational
books of the year listed by the Jour
nal of the National Education Asso
ciation were written by or in col
laboration with members of the Stan
ford School of Education faculty.
J. P. Leonard and Alvin C. Eurich
are editors of "An Evaluation of
Modern Education"; Walter V. Kaul
fers is the author of "Modern Lan
guages for Modern Schools"; Kaul
fers, Grayson N. Kefauver, and H. D.
Roberts collaborated on "Foreign
Languages and Cultures in American
Education"; and Holland Roberts is
the author of "Living: The Basis for
Learning."
Four of the 60 best educational
books of the year listed by the Jour
nal of the National Education Asso
ciation were written by or in col
laboration with members of the Stan
ford School of Education faculty.
J. P. Leonard and Alvin C. Eurich
are editors of "An Evaluation of
Modern Education"; Walter V. Kaul
fers is the author of "Modern Lan
guages for Modern Schools"; Kaul
fers, Grayson N. Kefauver, and H. D.
Roberts collaborated on "Foreign
Languages and Cultures in American
Education"; and Holland Roberts is
the author of "Living: The Basis for
Learning."
Four of the 60 best educational
books of the year listed by the Jour
nal of the National Education Asso
ciation were written by or in col
laboration with members of the Stan
ford School of Education faculty.
J. P. Leonard and Alvin C. Eurich
are editors of "An Evaluation of
Modern Education"; Walter V. Kaul
fers is the author of "Modern Lan
guages for Modern Schools"; Kaul
fers, Grayson N. Kefauver, and H. D.
Roberts collaborated on "Foreign
Languages and Cultures in American
Education"; and Holland Roberts is
the author of "Living: The Basis for
Learning."
Four of the 60 best educational
books of the year listed by the Jour
nal of the National Education Asso
ciation were written by or in col
laboration with members of the Stan
ford School of Education faculty.
J. P. Leonard and Alvin C. Eurich
are editors of "An Evaluation of
Modern Education"; Walter V. Kaul
fers is the author of "Modern Lan
guages for Modern Schools"; Kaul
fers, Grayson N. Kefauver, and H. D.
Roberts collaborated on "Foreign
Languages and Cultures in American
Education"; and Holland Roberts is
the author of "Living: The Basis for
Learning."
Four of the 60 best educational
books of the year listed by the Jour
nal of the National Education Asso
ciation were written by or in col
laboration with members of the Stan
ford School of Education faculty.
J. P. Leonard and Alvin C. Eurich
are editors of "An Evaluation of
Modern Education"; Walter V. Kaul
fers is the author of "Modern Lan
guages for Modern Schools"; Kaul
fers, Grayson N. Kefauver, and H. D.
Roberts collaborated on "Foreign
Languages and Cultures in American
Education"; and Holland Roberts is
the author of "Living: The Basis for
Learning."
Four of the 60 best educational
books of the year listed by the Jour
nal of the National Education Asso
ciation were written by or in col
laboration with members of the Stan
ford School of Education faculty.
J. P. Leonard and Alvin C. Eurich
are editors of "An Evaluation of
Modern Education"; Walter V. Kaul
fers is the author of "Modern Lan
guages for Modern Schools"; Kaul
fers, Grayson N. Kefauver, and H. D.
Roberts collaborated on "Foreign
Languages and Cultures in American
Education"; and Holland Roberts is
the author of "Living: The Basis for
Learning."
Four of the 60 best educational
books of the year listed by the Jour
nal of the National Education Asso
ciation were written by or in col
laboration with members of the Stan
ford School of Education faculty.
J. P. Leonard and Alvin C. Eurich
are editors of "An Evaluation of
Modern Education"; Walter V. Kaul
fers is the author of "Modern Lan
guages for Modern Schools"; Kaul
fers, Grayson N. Kefauver, and H. D.
Roberts collaborated on "Foreign
Languages and Cultures in American
Education"; and Holland Roberts is
the author of "Living: The Basis for
Learning."
Four of the 60 best educational
books of the year listed by the Jour
nal of the National Education Asso
ciation were written by or in col
laboration with members of the Stan
ford School of Education faculty.
J. P. Leonard and Alvin C. Eurich
are editors of "An Evaluation of
Modern Education"; Walter V. Kaul
fers is the author of "Modern Lan
guages for Modern Schools"; Kaul
fers, Grayson N. Kefauver, and H. D.
Roberts collaborated on "Foreign
Languages and Cultures in American
Education"; and Holland Roberts is
the author of "Living: The Basis for
Learning."
Four of the 60 best educational
books of the year listed by the Jour
nal of the National Education Asso
ciation were written by or in col
laboration with members of the Stan
ford School of Education faculty.
J. P. Leonard and Alvin C. Eurich
are editors of "An Evaluation of
Modern Education"; Walter V. Kaul
fers is the author of "Modern Lan
guages for Modern Schools"; Kaul
fers, Grayson N. Kefauver, and H. D.
Roberts collaborated on "Foreign
Languages and Cultures in American
Education"; and Holland Roberts is
the author of "Living: The Basis for
Learning."
Four of the 60 best educational
books of the year listed by the Jour
nal of the National Education Asso
ciation were written by or in col
laboration with members of the Stan
ford School of Education faculty.
J. P. Leonard and Alvin C. Eurich
are editors of "An Evaluation of
Modern Education"; Walter V. Kaul
fers is the author of "Modern Lan
guages for Modern Schools"; Kaul
fers, Grayson N. Kefauver, and H. D.
Roberts collaborated on "Foreign
Languages and Cultures in American
Education"; and Holland Roberts is
the author of "Living: The Basis for
Learning."
Four of the 60 best educational
books of the year listed by the Jour
nal of the National Education Asso
ciation were written by or in col
laboration with members of the Stan
ford School of Education faculty.
J. P. Leonard and Alvin C. Eurich
are editors of "An Evaluation of
Modern Education"; Walter V. Kaul
fers is the author of "Modern Lan
guages for Modern Schools"; Kaul
fers, Grayson N. Kefauver, and H. D.
Roberts collaborated on "Foreign
Languages and Cultures in American
Education"; and Holland Roberts is
the author of "Living: The Basis for
Learning."
Four of the 60 best educational
books of the year listed by the Jour
nal of the National Education Asso
ciation were written by or in col
laboration with members of the Stan
ford School of Education faculty.
J. P. Leonard and Alvin C. Eurich
are editors of "An Evaluation of
Modern Education"; Walter V. Kaul
fers is the author of "Modern Lan
guages for Modern Schools"; Kaul
fers, Grayson N. Kefauver, and H. D.
Roberts collaborated on "Foreign
Languages and Cultures in American
Education"; and Holland Roberts is
the author of "Living: The Basis for
Learning."
Four of the 60 best educational
books of the year listed by the Jour
nal of the National Education Asso
ciation were written by or in col
laboration with members of the Stan
ford School of Education faculty.
J. P. Leonard and Alvin C. Eurich
are editors of "An Evaluation of
Modern Education"; Walter V. Kaul
fers is the author of "Modern Lan
guages for Modern Schools"; Kaul
fers, Grayson N. Kefauver, and H. D.
Roberts collaborated on "Foreign
Languages and Cultures in American
Education"; and Holland Roberts is
the author of "Living: The Basis for
Learning."
