# Letter of Thanks.
## 
### 
Dr. Branner has received a letter
from the Woman's Occidental Board
of Foreign Missions of the Presby
terian Church of San Francisco,
thanking him, the faculty, and the
students of the University for the
stand which they took in the re
cent Chinese case in Palo Alto.
Dr. Branner has received a letter
from the Woman's Occidental Board
of Foreign Missions of the Presby
terian Church of San Francisco,
thanking him, the faculty, and the
students of the University for the
stand which they took in the re
cent Chinese case in Palo Alto.
Dr. Branner has received a letter
from the Woman's Occidental Board
of Foreign Missions of the Presby
terian Church of San Francisco,
thanking him, the faculty, and the
students of the University for the
stand which they took in the re
cent Chinese case in Palo Alto.
Dr. Branner has received a letter
from the Woman's Occidental Board
of Foreign Missions of the Presby
terian Church of San Francisco,
thanking him, the faculty, and the
students of the University for the
stand which they took in the re
cent Chinese case in Palo Alto.
Dr. Branner has received a letter
from the Woman's Occidental Board
of Foreign Missions of the Presby
terian Church of San Francisco,
thanking him, the faculty, and the
students of the University for the
stand which they took in the re
cent Chinese case in Palo Alto.
Dr. Branner has received a letter
from the Woman's Occidental Board
of Foreign Missions of the Presby
terian Church of San Francisco,
thanking him, the faculty, and the
students of the University for the
stand which they took in the re
cent Chinese case in Palo Alto.
Dr. Branner has received a letter
from the Woman's Occidental Board
of Foreign Missions of the Presby
terian Church of San Francisco,
thanking him, the faculty, and the
students of the University for the
stand which they took in the re
cent Chinese case in Palo Alto.
