# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The stationing of a guard to
prevent unlawful student action, a
custom which has recently been in
augurated in the library, is some
thing which is very justly revolting
to the sense of individuality that
has always been characteristic of
Stanford undergraduate life. To
be held up on entrance to the build
ing and prevented from bringing
books into the room, is a check
which our freedom of action has
never before received. Nor does it
seem necessary in a self-regulating
community such as Stanford con
siders itself. With tbe occupation
of the new building and the adop
tion of advanced library methods,
students here believed their work
with books which they were not
able to possess themselves was to
be greatly facilitated. Such regu
lations as the one lately adopted are
certainly not conducive to that re
sult, and, it would seem, are not
called for by circumstances. Un
doubtedly there are students who
have abused their library privi
leges, and they areas strongly con
demned by their fellows as by tin*
authorities, for the former are the
ones who suffer by their selfish ac
tion. We would welcome their pun
ishment as a relief of a long-stand
ing complaint. Such a restriction
as not allowing a printed book to
be brought into the library rooms,
however, will not accomplish the
desired result, and is a. shock to
individual liberty which would be
justified only by extreme circum
stances, when all other means have
failed.
The stationing of a guard to
prevent unlawful student action, a
custom which has recently been in
augurated in the library, is some
thing which is very justly revolting
to the sense of individuality that
has always been characteristic of
Stanford undergraduate life. To
be held up on entrance to the build
ing and prevented from bringing
books into the room, is a check
which our freedom of action has
never before received. Nor does it
seem necessary in a self-regulating
community such as Stanford con
siders itself. With tbe occupation
of the new building and the adop
tion of advanced library methods,
students here believed their work
with books which they were not
able to possess themselves was to
be greatly facilitated. Such regu
lations as the one lately adopted are
certainly not conducive to that re
sult, and, it would seem, are not
called for by circumstances. Un
doubtedly there are students who
have abused their library privi
leges, and they areas strongly con
demned by their fellows as by tin*
authorities, for the former are the
ones who suffer by their selfish ac
tion. We would welcome their pun
ishment as a relief of a long-stand
ing complaint. Such a restriction
as not allowing a printed book to
be brought into the library rooms,
however, will not accomplish the
desired result, and is a. shock to
individual liberty which would be
justified only by extreme circum
stances, when all other means have
failed.
The stationing of a guard to
prevent unlawful student action, a
custom which has recently been in
augurated in the library, is some
thing which is very justly revolting
to the sense of individuality that
has always been characteristic of
Stanford undergraduate life. To
be held up on entrance to the build
ing and prevented from bringing
books into the room, is a check
which our freedom of action has
never before received. Nor does it
seem necessary in a self-regulating
community such as Stanford con
siders itself. With tbe occupation
of the new building and the adop
tion of advanced library methods,
students here believed their work
with books which they were not
able to possess themselves was to
be greatly facilitated. Such regu
lations as the one lately adopted are
certainly not conducive to that re
sult, and, it would seem, are not
called for by circumstances. Un
doubtedly there are students who
have abused their library privi
leges, and they areas strongly con
demned by their fellows as by tin*
authorities, for the former are the
ones who suffer by their selfish ac
tion. We would welcome their pun
ishment as a relief of a long-stand
ing complaint. Such a restriction
as not allowing a printed book to
be brought into the library rooms,
however, will not accomplish the
desired result, and is a. shock to
individual liberty which would be
justified only by extreme circum
stances, when all other means have
failed.
The stationing of a guard to
prevent unlawful student action, a
custom which has recently been in
augurated in the library, is some
thing which is very justly revolting
to the sense of individuality that
has always been characteristic of
Stanford undergraduate life. To
be held up on entrance to the build
ing and prevented from bringing
books into the room, is a check
which our freedom of action has
never before received. Nor does it
seem necessary in a self-regulating
community such as Stanford con
siders itself. With tbe occupation
of the new building and the adop
tion of advanced library methods,
students here believed their work
with books which they were not
able to possess themselves was to
be greatly facilitated. Such regu
lations as the one lately adopted are
certainly not conducive to that re
sult, and, it would seem, are not
called for by circumstances. Un
doubtedly there are students who
have abused their library privi
leges, and they areas strongly con
demned by their fellows as by tin*
authorities, for the former are the
ones who suffer by their selfish ac
tion. We would welcome their pun
ishment as a relief of a long-stand
ing complaint. Such a restriction
as not allowing a printed book to
be brought into the library rooms,
however, will not accomplish the
desired result, and is a. shock to
individual liberty which would be
justified only by extreme circum
stances, when all other means have
failed.
The stationing of a guard to
prevent unlawful student action, a
custom which has recently been in
augurated in the library, is some
thing which is very justly revolting
to the sense of individuality that
has always been characteristic of
Stanford undergraduate life. To
be held up on entrance to the build
ing and prevented from bringing
books into the room, is a check
which our freedom of action has
never before received. Nor does it
seem necessary in a self-regulating
community such as Stanford con
siders itself. With tbe occupation
of the new building and the adop
tion of advanced library methods,
students here believed their work
with books which they were not
able to possess themselves was to
be greatly facilitated. Such regu
lations as the one lately adopted are
certainly not conducive to that re
sult, and, it would seem, are not
called for by circumstances. Un
doubtedly there are students who
have abused their library privi
leges, and they areas strongly con
demned by their fellows as by tin*
authorities, for the former are the
ones who suffer by their selfish ac
tion. We would welcome their pun
ishment as a relief of a long-stand
ing complaint. Such a restriction
as not allowing a printed book to
be brought into the library rooms,
however, will not accomplish the
desired result, and is a. shock to
individual liberty which would be
justified only by extreme circum
stances, when all other means have
failed.
The stationing of a guard to
prevent unlawful student action, a
custom which has recently been in
augurated in the library, is some
thing which is very justly revolting
to the sense of individuality that
has always been characteristic of
Stanford undergraduate life. To
be held up on entrance to the build
ing and prevented from bringing
books into the room, is a check
which our freedom of action has
never before received. Nor does it
seem necessary in a self-regulating
community such as Stanford con
siders itself. With tbe occupation
of the new building and the adop
tion of advanced library methods,
students here believed their work
with books which they were not
able to possess themselves was to
be greatly facilitated. Such regu
lations as the one lately adopted are
certainly not conducive to that re
sult, and, it would seem, are not
called for by circumstances. Un
doubtedly there are students who
have abused their library privi
leges, and they areas strongly con
demned by their fellows as by tin*
authorities, for the former are the
ones who suffer by their selfish ac
tion. We would welcome their pun
ishment as a relief of a long-stand
ing complaint. Such a restriction
as not allowing a printed book to
be brought into the library rooms,
however, will not accomplish the
desired result, and is a. shock to
individual liberty which would be
justified only by extreme circum
stances, when all other means have
failed.
The stationing of a guard to
prevent unlawful student action, a
custom which has recently been in
augurated in the library, is some
thing which is very justly revolting
to the sense of individuality that
has always been characteristic of
Stanford undergraduate life. To
be held up on entrance to the build
ing and prevented from bringing
books into the room, is a check
which our freedom of action has
never before received. Nor does it
seem necessary in a self-regulating
community such as Stanford con
siders itself. With tbe occupation
of the new building and the adop
tion of advanced library methods,
students here believed their work
with books which they were not
able to possess themselves was to
be greatly facilitated. Such regu
lations as the one lately adopted are
certainly not conducive to that re
sult, and, it would seem, are not
called for by circumstances. Un
doubtedly there are students who
have abused their library privi
leges, and they areas strongly con
demned by their fellows as by tin*
authorities, for the former are the
ones who suffer by their selfish ac
tion. We would welcome their pun
ishment as a relief of a long-stand
ing complaint. Such a restriction
as not allowing a printed book to
be brought into the library rooms,
however, will not accomplish the
desired result, and is a. shock to
individual liberty which would be
justified only by extreme circum
stances, when all other means have
failed.
