# CIVIL SERVICE TEST ANNOUNCED TO FILL BUREAU VACANCIES
## 
### 
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces an open competitive ex
amination for an assistant plant path
ologist. Vacancies in the Bureau of Plant
Industry, under the Department of Agri
culture, for duty in the state of Oregon
and Washington, and at Greeley, Colo
rado, will be filled from this examination.
The entrance salary for the position is
$2400 a year.
An applicant must be graduated from a
univesity or college of recognized stand
ing, together with either two years' prac
tical experience, or graduate work in bot
any. The duties of the appointees in Ore
gon and Washington will be to conduct
experiments of spraying various fruit
crops, together with compiling official
laboratory tests of commercial fungicides.
The duties of the appointee at Greeley,
Colorado, will be to asisst in research
work on the cause and control of diseases
of truck crops.
Applicants should apply immediately
for Form 2118, to the Civil Scrvice Com
mission at San Francisco. Further infor
mation may be obtained from the Biology
Department.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces an open competitive ex
amination for an assistant plant path
ologist. Vacancies in the Bureau of Plant
Industry, under the Department of Agri
culture, for duty in the state of Oregon
and Washington, and at Greeley, Colo
rado, will be filled from this examination.
The entrance salary for the position is
$2400 a year.
An applicant must be graduated from a
univesity or college of recognized stand
ing, together with either two years' prac
tical experience, or graduate work in bot
any. The duties of the appointees in Ore
gon and Washington will be to conduct
experiments of spraying various fruit
crops, together with compiling official
laboratory tests of commercial fungicides.
The duties of the appointee at Greeley,
Colorado, will be to asisst in research
work on the cause and control of diseases
of truck crops.
Applicants should apply immediately
for Form 2118, to the Civil Scrvice Com
mission at San Francisco. Further infor
mation may be obtained from the Biology
Department.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces an open competitive ex
amination for an assistant plant path
ologist. Vacancies in the Bureau of Plant
Industry, under the Department of Agri
culture, for duty in the state of Oregon
and Washington, and at Greeley, Colo
rado, will be filled from this examination.
The entrance salary for the position is
$2400 a year.
An applicant must be graduated from a
univesity or college of recognized stand
ing, together with either two years' prac
tical experience, or graduate work in bot
any. The duties of the appointees in Ore
gon and Washington will be to conduct
experiments of spraying various fruit
crops, together with compiling official
laboratory tests of commercial fungicides.
The duties of the appointee at Greeley,
Colorado, will be to asisst in research
work on the cause and control of diseases
of truck crops.
Applicants should apply immediately
for Form 2118, to the Civil Scrvice Com
mission at San Francisco. Further infor
mation may be obtained from the Biology
Department.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces an open competitive ex
amination for an assistant plant path
ologist. Vacancies in the Bureau of Plant
Industry, under the Department of Agri
culture, for duty in the state of Oregon
and Washington, and at Greeley, Colo
rado, will be filled from this examination.
The entrance salary for the position is
$2400 a year.
An applicant must be graduated from a
univesity or college of recognized stand
ing, together with either two years' prac
tical experience, or graduate work in bot
any. The duties of the appointees in Ore
gon and Washington will be to conduct
experiments of spraying various fruit
crops, together with compiling official
laboratory tests of commercial fungicides.
The duties of the appointee at Greeley,
Colorado, will be to asisst in research
work on the cause and control of diseases
of truck crops.
Applicants should apply immediately
for Form 2118, to the Civil Scrvice Com
mission at San Francisco. Further infor
mation may be obtained from the Biology
Department.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces an open competitive ex
amination for an assistant plant path
ologist. Vacancies in the Bureau of Plant
Industry, under the Department of Agri
culture, for duty in the state of Oregon
and Washington, and at Greeley, Colo
rado, will be filled from this examination.
The entrance salary for the position is
$2400 a year.
An applicant must be graduated from a
univesity or college of recognized stand
ing, together with either two years' prac
tical experience, or graduate work in bot
any. The duties of the appointees in Ore
gon and Washington will be to conduct
experiments of spraying various fruit
crops, together with compiling official
laboratory tests of commercial fungicides.
The duties of the appointee at Greeley,
Colorado, will be to asisst in research
work on the cause and control of diseases
of truck crops.
Applicants should apply immediately
for Form 2118, to the Civil Scrvice Com
mission at San Francisco. Further infor
mation may be obtained from the Biology
Department.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces an open competitive ex
amination for an assistant plant path
ologist. Vacancies in the Bureau of Plant
Industry, under the Department of Agri
culture, for duty in the state of Oregon
and Washington, and at Greeley, Colo
rado, will be filled from this examination.
The entrance salary for the position is
$2400 a year.
An applicant must be graduated from a
univesity or college of recognized stand
ing, together with either two years' prac
tical experience, or graduate work in bot
any. The duties of the appointees in Ore
gon and Washington will be to conduct
experiments of spraying various fruit
crops, together with compiling official
laboratory tests of commercial fungicides.
The duties of the appointee at Greeley,
Colorado, will be to asisst in research
work on the cause and control of diseases
of truck crops.
Applicants should apply immediately
for Form 2118, to the Civil Scrvice Com
mission at San Francisco. Further infor
mation may be obtained from the Biology
Department.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces an open competitive ex
amination for an assistant plant path
ologist. Vacancies in the Bureau of Plant
Industry, under the Department of Agri
culture, for duty in the state of Oregon
and Washington, and at Greeley, Colo
rado, will be filled from this examination.
The entrance salary for the position is
$2400 a year.
An applicant must be graduated from a
univesity or college of recognized stand
ing, together with either two years' prac
tical experience, or graduate work in bot
any. The duties of the appointees in Ore
gon and Washington will be to conduct
experiments of spraying various fruit
crops, together with compiling official
laboratory tests of commercial fungicides.
The duties of the appointee at Greeley,
Colorado, will be to asisst in research
work on the cause and control of diseases
of truck crops.
Applicants should apply immediately
for Form 2118, to the Civil Scrvice Com
mission at San Francisco. Further infor
mation may be obtained from the Biology
Department.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces an open competitive ex
amination for an assistant plant path
ologist. Vacancies in the Bureau of Plant
Industry, under the Department of Agri
culture, for duty in the state of Oregon
and Washington, and at Greeley, Colo
rado, will be filled from this examination.
The entrance salary for the position is
$2400 a year.
An applicant must be graduated from a
univesity or college of recognized stand
ing, together with either two years' prac
tical experience, or graduate work in bot
any. The duties of the appointees in Ore
gon and Washington will be to conduct
experiments of spraying various fruit
crops, together with compiling official
laboratory tests of commercial fungicides.
The duties of the appointee at Greeley,
Colorado, will be to asisst in research
work on the cause and control of diseases
of truck crops.
Applicants should apply immediately
for Form 2118, to the Civil Scrvice Com
mission at San Francisco. Further infor
mation may be obtained from the Biology
Department.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces an open competitive ex
amination for an assistant plant path
ologist. Vacancies in the Bureau of Plant
Industry, under the Department of Agri
culture, for duty in the state of Oregon
and Washington, and at Greeley, Colo
rado, will be filled from this examination.
The entrance salary for the position is
$2400 a year.
An applicant must be graduated from a
univesity or college of recognized stand
ing, together with either two years' prac
tical experience, or graduate work in bot
any. The duties of the appointees in Ore
gon and Washington will be to conduct
experiments of spraying various fruit
crops, together with compiling official
laboratory tests of commercial fungicides.
The duties of the appointee at Greeley,
Colorado, will be to asisst in research
work on the cause and control of diseases
of truck crops.
Applicants should apply immediately
for Form 2118, to the Civil Scrvice Com
mission at San Francisco. Further infor
mation may be obtained from the Biology
Department.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces an open competitive ex
amination for an assistant plant path
ologist. Vacancies in the Bureau of Plant
Industry, under the Department of Agri
culture, for duty in the state of Oregon
and Washington, and at Greeley, Colo
rado, will be filled from this examination.
The entrance salary for the position is
$2400 a year.
An applicant must be graduated from a
univesity or college of recognized stand
ing, together with either two years' prac
tical experience, or graduate work in bot
any. The duties of the appointees in Ore
gon and Washington will be to conduct
experiments of spraying various fruit
crops, together with compiling official
laboratory tests of commercial fungicides.
The duties of the appointee at Greeley,
Colorado, will be to asisst in research
work on the cause and control of diseases
of truck crops.
Applicants should apply immediately
for Form 2118, to the Civil Scrvice Com
mission at San Francisco. Further infor
mation may be obtained from the Biology
Department.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces an open competitive ex
amination for an assistant plant path
ologist. Vacancies in the Bureau of Plant
Industry, under the Department of Agri
culture, for duty in the state of Oregon
and Washington, and at Greeley, Colo
rado, will be filled from this examination.
The entrance salary for the position is
$2400 a year.
An applicant must be graduated from a
univesity or college of recognized stand
ing, together with either two years' prac
tical experience, or graduate work in bot
any. The duties of the appointees in Ore
gon and Washington will be to conduct
experiments of spraying various fruit
crops, together with compiling official
laboratory tests of commercial fungicides.
The duties of the appointee at Greeley,
Colorado, will be to asisst in research
work on the cause and control of diseases
of truck crops.
Applicants should apply immediately
for Form 2118, to the Civil Scrvice Com
mission at San Francisco. Further infor
mation may be obtained from the Biology
Department.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces an open competitive ex
amination for an assistant plant path
ologist. Vacancies in the Bureau of Plant
Industry, under the Department of Agri
culture, for duty in the state of Oregon
and Washington, and at Greeley, Colo
rado, will be filled from this examination.
The entrance salary for the position is
$2400 a year.
An applicant must be graduated from a
univesity or college of recognized stand
ing, together with either two years' prac
tical experience, or graduate work in bot
any. The duties of the appointees in Ore
gon and Washington will be to conduct
experiments of spraying various fruit
crops, together with compiling official
laboratory tests of commercial fungicides.
The duties of the appointee at Greeley,
Colorado, will be to asisst in research
work on the cause and control of diseases
of truck crops.
Applicants should apply immediately
for Form 2118, to the Civil Scrvice Com
mission at San Francisco. Further infor
mation may be obtained from the Biology
Department.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces an open competitive ex
amination for an assistant plant path
ologist. Vacancies in the Bureau of Plant
Industry, under the Department of Agri
culture, for duty in the state of Oregon
and Washington, and at Greeley, Colo
rado, will be filled from this examination.
The entrance salary for the position is
$2400 a year.
An applicant must be graduated from a
univesity or college of recognized stand
ing, together with either two years' prac
tical experience, or graduate work in bot
any. The duties of the appointees in Ore
gon and Washington will be to conduct
experiments of spraying various fruit
crops, together with compiling official
laboratory tests of commercial fungicides.
The duties of the appointee at Greeley,
Colorado, will be to asisst in research
work on the cause and control of diseases
of truck crops.
Applicants should apply immediately
for Form 2118, to the Civil Scrvice Com
mission at San Francisco. Further infor
mation may be obtained from the Biology
Department.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces an open competitive ex
amination for an assistant plant path
ologist. Vacancies in the Bureau of Plant
Industry, under the Department of Agri
culture, for duty in the state of Oregon
and Washington, and at Greeley, Colo
rado, will be filled from this examination.
The entrance salary for the position is
$2400 a year.
An applicant must be graduated from a
univesity or college of recognized stand
ing, together with either two years' prac
tical experience, or graduate work in bot
any. The duties of the appointees in Ore
gon and Washington will be to conduct
experiments of spraying various fruit
crops, together with compiling official
laboratory tests of commercial fungicides.
The duties of the appointee at Greeley,
Colorado, will be to asisst in research
work on the cause and control of diseases
of truck crops.
Applicants should apply immediately
for Form 2118, to the Civil Scrvice Com
mission at San Francisco. Further infor
mation may be obtained from the Biology
Department.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces an open competitive ex
amination for an assistant plant path
ologist. Vacancies in the Bureau of Plant
Industry, under the Department of Agri
culture, for duty in the state of Oregon
and Washington, and at Greeley, Colo
rado, will be filled from this examination.
The entrance salary for the position is
$2400 a year.
An applicant must be graduated from a
univesity or college of recognized stand
ing, together with either two years' prac
tical experience, or graduate work in bot
any. The duties of the appointees in Ore
gon and Washington will be to conduct
experiments of spraying various fruit
crops, together with compiling official
laboratory tests of commercial fungicides.
The duties of the appointee at Greeley,
Colorado, will be to asisst in research
work on the cause and control of diseases
of truck crops.
Applicants should apply immediately
for Form 2118, to the Civil Scrvice Com
mission at San Francisco. Further infor
mation may be obtained from the Biology
Department.
