# MASTERS OPPOSES NEW YEAR'S GAME FOR CARD ELEVEN
## 
### 
AI Masters, graduate manager,
when approached this morning in
regard to the New Year's Game,
niade the following statement: "I
am absolutely opposed to Stanford
playing a post-season game, and I
hope the managers of the East-West
game at Pasadena do not ask Stan
ford to play."
A great deal of talk has been pre
valent that a game between Wash
ington and U. S. C., or Stanford and
U. S. C. would be the biggest draw
ing card, but Masters believes that
neither of these games will be
played.
A message was received by the
graduate manager last night from
Jack Benoflel, who is handling the
selection of the teams for the Pasa
dena game, to the effect that an
eastern team would be selected to
day, but the team that is to be
chosen is not yet known.
AI Masters, graduate manager,
when approached this morning in
regard to the New Year's Game,
niade the following statement: "I
am absolutely opposed to Stanford
playing a post-season game, and I
hope the managers of the East-West
game at Pasadena do not ask Stan
ford to play."
A great deal of talk has been pre
valent that a game between Wash
ington and U. S. C., or Stanford and
U. S. C. would be the biggest draw
ing card, but Masters believes that
neither of these games will be
played.
A message was received by the
graduate manager last night from
Jack Benoflel, who is handling the
selection of the teams for the Pasa
dena game, to the effect that an
eastern team would be selected to
day, but the team that is to be
chosen is not yet known.
AI Masters, graduate manager,
when approached this morning in
regard to the New Year's Game,
niade the following statement: "I
am absolutely opposed to Stanford
playing a post-season game, and I
hope the managers of the East-West
game at Pasadena do not ask Stan
ford to play."
A great deal of talk has been pre
valent that a game between Wash
ington and U. S. C., or Stanford and
U. S. C. would be the biggest draw
ing card, but Masters believes that
neither of these games will be
played.
A message was received by the
graduate manager last night from
Jack Benoflel, who is handling the
selection of the teams for the Pasa
dena game, to the effect that an
eastern team would be selected to
day, but the team that is to be
chosen is not yet known.
AI Masters, graduate manager,
when approached this morning in
regard to the New Year's Game,
niade the following statement: "I
am absolutely opposed to Stanford
playing a post-season game, and I
hope the managers of the East-West
game at Pasadena do not ask Stan
ford to play."
A great deal of talk has been pre
valent that a game between Wash
ington and U. S. C., or Stanford and
U. S. C. would be the biggest draw
ing card, but Masters believes that
neither of these games will be
played.
A message was received by the
graduate manager last night from
Jack Benoflel, who is handling the
selection of the teams for the Pasa
dena game, to the effect that an
eastern team would be selected to
day, but the team that is to be
chosen is not yet known.
AI Masters, graduate manager,
when approached this morning in
regard to the New Year's Game,
niade the following statement: "I
am absolutely opposed to Stanford
playing a post-season game, and I
hope the managers of the East-West
game at Pasadena do not ask Stan
ford to play."
A great deal of talk has been pre
valent that a game between Wash
ington and U. S. C., or Stanford and
U. S. C. would be the biggest draw
ing card, but Masters believes that
neither of these games will be
played.
A message was received by the
graduate manager last night from
Jack Benoflel, who is handling the
selection of the teams for the Pasa
dena game, to the effect that an
eastern team would be selected to
day, but the team that is to be
chosen is not yet known.
AI Masters, graduate manager,
when approached this morning in
regard to the New Year's Game,
niade the following statement: "I
am absolutely opposed to Stanford
playing a post-season game, and I
hope the managers of the East-West
game at Pasadena do not ask Stan
ford to play."
A great deal of talk has been pre
valent that a game between Wash
ington and U. S. C., or Stanford and
U. S. C. would be the biggest draw
ing card, but Masters believes that
neither of these games will be
played.
A message was received by the
graduate manager last night from
Jack Benoflel, who is handling the
selection of the teams for the Pasa
dena game, to the effect that an
eastern team would be selected to
day, but the team that is to be
chosen is not yet known.
AI Masters, graduate manager,
when approached this morning in
regard to the New Year's Game,
niade the following statement: "I
am absolutely opposed to Stanford
playing a post-season game, and I
hope the managers of the East-West
game at Pasadena do not ask Stan
ford to play."
A great deal of talk has been pre
valent that a game between Wash
ington and U. S. C., or Stanford and
U. S. C. would be the biggest draw
ing card, but Masters believes that
neither of these games will be
played.
A message was received by the
graduate manager last night from
Jack Benoflel, who is handling the
selection of the teams for the Pasa
dena game, to the effect that an
eastern team would be selected to
day, but the team that is to be
chosen is not yet known.
AI Masters, graduate manager,
when approached this morning in
regard to the New Year's Game,
niade the following statement: "I
am absolutely opposed to Stanford
playing a post-season game, and I
hope the managers of the East-West
game at Pasadena do not ask Stan
ford to play."
A great deal of talk has been pre
valent that a game between Wash
ington and U. S. C., or Stanford and
U. S. C. would be the biggest draw
ing card, but Masters believes that
neither of these games will be
played.
A message was received by the
graduate manager last night from
Jack Benoflel, who is handling the
selection of the teams for the Pasa
dena game, to the effect that an
eastern team would be selected to
day, but the team that is to be
chosen is not yet known.
AI Masters, graduate manager,
when approached this morning in
regard to the New Year's Game,
niade the following statement: "I
am absolutely opposed to Stanford
playing a post-season game, and I
hope the managers of the East-West
game at Pasadena do not ask Stan
ford to play."
A great deal of talk has been pre
valent that a game between Wash
ington and U. S. C., or Stanford and
U. S. C. would be the biggest draw
ing card, but Masters believes that
neither of these games will be
played.
A message was received by the
graduate manager last night from
Jack Benoflel, who is handling the
selection of the teams for the Pasa
dena game, to the effect that an
eastern team would be selected to
day, but the team that is to be
chosen is not yet known.
AI Masters, graduate manager,
when approached this morning in
regard to the New Year's Game,
niade the following statement: "I
am absolutely opposed to Stanford
playing a post-season game, and I
hope the managers of the East-West
game at Pasadena do not ask Stan
ford to play."
A great deal of talk has been pre
valent that a game between Wash
ington and U. S. C., or Stanford and
U. S. C. would be the biggest draw
ing card, but Masters believes that
neither of these games will be
played.
A message was received by the
graduate manager last night from
Jack Benoflel, who is handling the
selection of the teams for the Pasa
dena game, to the effect that an
eastern team would be selected to
day, but the team that is to be
chosen is not yet known.
AI Masters, graduate manager,
when approached this morning in
regard to the New Year's Game,
niade the following statement: "I
am absolutely opposed to Stanford
playing a post-season game, and I
hope the managers of the East-West
game at Pasadena do not ask Stan
ford to play."
A great deal of talk has been pre
valent that a game between Wash
ington and U. S. C., or Stanford and
U. S. C. would be the biggest draw
ing card, but Masters believes that
neither of these games will be
played.
A message was received by the
graduate manager last night from
Jack Benoflel, who is handling the
selection of the teams for the Pasa
dena game, to the effect that an
eastern team would be selected to
day, but the team that is to be
chosen is not yet known.
AI Masters, graduate manager,
when approached this morning in
regard to the New Year's Game,
niade the following statement: "I
am absolutely opposed to Stanford
playing a post-season game, and I
hope the managers of the East-West
game at Pasadena do not ask Stan
ford to play."
A great deal of talk has been pre
valent that a game between Wash
ington and U. S. C., or Stanford and
U. S. C. would be the biggest draw
ing card, but Masters believes that
neither of these games will be
played.
A message was received by the
graduate manager last night from
Jack Benoflel, who is handling the
selection of the teams for the Pasa
dena game, to the effect that an
eastern team would be selected to
day, but the team that is to be
chosen is not yet known.
AI Masters, graduate manager,
when approached this morning in
regard to the New Year's Game,
niade the following statement: "I
am absolutely opposed to Stanford
playing a post-season game, and I
hope the managers of the East-West
game at Pasadena do not ask Stan
ford to play."
A great deal of talk has been pre
valent that a game between Wash
ington and U. S. C., or Stanford and
U. S. C. would be the biggest draw
ing card, but Masters believes that
neither of these games will be
played.
A message was received by the
graduate manager last night from
Jack Benoflel, who is handling the
selection of the teams for the Pasa
dena game, to the effect that an
eastern team would be selected to
day, but the team that is to be
chosen is not yet known.
AI Masters, graduate manager,
when approached this morning in
regard to the New Year's Game,
niade the following statement: "I
am absolutely opposed to Stanford
playing a post-season game, and I
hope the managers of the East-West
game at Pasadena do not ask Stan
ford to play."
A great deal of talk has been pre
valent that a game between Wash
ington and U. S. C., or Stanford and
U. S. C. would be the biggest draw
ing card, but Masters believes that
neither of these games will be
played.
A message was received by the
graduate manager last night from
Jack Benoflel, who is handling the
selection of the teams for the Pasa
dena game, to the effect that an
eastern team would be selected to
day, but the team that is to be
chosen is not yet known.
AI Masters, graduate manager,
when approached this morning in
regard to the New Year's Game,
niade the following statement: "I
am absolutely opposed to Stanford
playing a post-season game, and I
hope the managers of the East-West
game at Pasadena do not ask Stan
ford to play."
A great deal of talk has been pre
valent that a game between Wash
ington and U. S. C., or Stanford and
U. S. C. would be the biggest draw
ing card, but Masters believes that
neither of these games will be
played.
A message was received by the
graduate manager last night from
Jack Benoflel, who is handling the
selection of the teams for the Pasa
dena game, to the effect that an
eastern team would be selected to
day, but the team that is to be
chosen is not yet known.
