# 1901 Canes.
## 
### 
The Class of 1901 met this after
noon and selected a class cane.
The canes with designs are to be
delivered in thirty days and will
cost $1.75 each. A deposit of 50
cents must be made with each or
der. A committee consisting of
Loofbourow, Lawrence, and As
mussen was appointed to receive
the orders, which must be made
immediately.
The Class of 1901 met this after
noon and selected a class cane.
The canes with designs are to be
delivered in thirty days and will
cost $1.75 each. A deposit of 50
cents must be made with each or
der. A committee consisting of
Loofbourow, Lawrence, and As
mussen was appointed to receive
the orders, which must be made
immediately.
The Class of 1901 met this after
noon and selected a class cane.
The canes with designs are to be
delivered in thirty days and will
cost $1.75 each. A deposit of 50
cents must be made with each or
der. A committee consisting of
Loofbourow, Lawrence, and As
mussen was appointed to receive
the orders, which must be made
immediately.
The Class of 1901 met this after
noon and selected a class cane.
The canes with designs are to be
delivered in thirty days and will
cost $1.75 each. A deposit of 50
cents must be made with each or
der. A committee consisting of
Loofbourow, Lawrence, and As
mussen was appointed to receive
the orders, which must be made
immediately.
The Class of 1901 met this after
noon and selected a class cane.
The canes with designs are to be
delivered in thirty days and will
cost $1.75 each. A deposit of 50
cents must be made with each or
der. A committee consisting of
Loofbourow, Lawrence, and As
mussen was appointed to receive
the orders, which must be made
immediately.
