# Tarver Exchange Applications Due
## 
### 
Saturday is the deadline for appli
cations for the Tarver Exchange
Scholarship with the University of
London, said Jeff Howe, out-going
president of Intcrfraternity Coun
cil.
All fraternity men with 2.5 grade
averages are eligible, he said. An
applicant must furnish letters of
recommendation from a professor in
his major department, the president
of his fraternity, and one-campus
source.
The scholarship will not be defin
ite until word is received from Lon
don, he said, as that university is
not sure it can handle the room and
board of a Stanford exchange stu
dent.
The council will handle that prob
lem by housing the London student
in the house from which the Farm
representative is chosen, said Howe.
If the exchange is carried out it
will be the fifth or sixth made pos
sible by the Tarver scholarship, he
said.
Interested fraternity men may
contact Howe at the Alpha Delt
house.
