# AVC to Sponsor Robinson Concert
## 
### 
Nationally known as a composer,
balladier, and lecturer, Earl Robin
son will present a concert of his,
and other, American favorites in
the Palo Alto High School audito
rium tomorrow night at 8:15.
Presented under the combined
sponsorship of the Palo Alto and
Stanford chapters of the American
Veterans Committee to raise funds,
ill tickets fur the concert are sell
ing for $1.
Robinson is noted for the infor
mality of his concerts and his abil
ity to get the audience to participate
with him. His "Ballad for Ameri
cans" and"The House I Live In" are
two of his better-known songs.
Tickets will be on sale today and
tomorrow at (he AVC ticket booth
in front of the Cellar, at the Penin
sula Box Office, or from any AVC
member.
Nationally known as a composer,
balladier, and lecturer, Earl Robin
son will present a concert of his,
and other, American favorites in
the Palo Alto High School audito
rium tomorrow night at 8:15.
Presented under the combined
sponsorship of the Palo Alto and
Stanford chapters of the American
Veterans Committee to raise funds,
ill tickets fur the concert are sell
ing for $1.
Robinson is noted for the infor
mality of his concerts and his abil
ity to get the audience to participate
with him. His "Ballad for Ameri
cans" and"The House I Live In" are
two of his better-known songs.
Tickets will be on sale today and
tomorrow at (he AVC ticket booth
in front of the Cellar, at the Penin
sula Box Office, or from any AVC
member.
Nationally known as a composer,
balladier, and lecturer, Earl Robin
son will present a concert of his,
and other, American favorites in
the Palo Alto High School audito
rium tomorrow night at 8:15.
Presented under the combined
sponsorship of the Palo Alto and
Stanford chapters of the American
Veterans Committee to raise funds,
ill tickets fur the concert are sell
ing for $1.
Robinson is noted for the infor
mality of his concerts and his abil
ity to get the audience to participate
with him. His "Ballad for Ameri
cans" and"The House I Live In" are
two of his better-known songs.
Tickets will be on sale today and
tomorrow at (he AVC ticket booth
in front of the Cellar, at the Penin
sula Box Office, or from any AVC
member.
Nationally known as a composer,
balladier, and lecturer, Earl Robin
son will present a concert of his,
and other, American favorites in
the Palo Alto High School audito
rium tomorrow night at 8:15.
Presented under the combined
sponsorship of the Palo Alto and
Stanford chapters of the American
Veterans Committee to raise funds,
ill tickets fur the concert are sell
ing for $1.
Robinson is noted for the infor
mality of his concerts and his abil
ity to get the audience to participate
with him. His "Ballad for Ameri
cans" and"The House I Live In" are
two of his better-known songs.
Tickets will be on sale today and
tomorrow at (he AVC ticket booth
in front of the Cellar, at the Penin
sula Box Office, or from any AVC
member.
Nationally known as a composer,
balladier, and lecturer, Earl Robin
son will present a concert of his,
and other, American favorites in
the Palo Alto High School audito
rium tomorrow night at 8:15.
Presented under the combined
sponsorship of the Palo Alto and
Stanford chapters of the American
Veterans Committee to raise funds,
ill tickets fur the concert are sell
ing for $1.
Robinson is noted for the infor
mality of his concerts and his abil
ity to get the audience to participate
with him. His "Ballad for Ameri
cans" and"The House I Live In" are
two of his better-known songs.
Tickets will be on sale today and
tomorrow at (he AVC ticket booth
in front of the Cellar, at the Penin
sula Box Office, or from any AVC
member.
Nationally known as a composer,
balladier, and lecturer, Earl Robin
son will present a concert of his,
and other, American favorites in
the Palo Alto High School audito
rium tomorrow night at 8:15.
Presented under the combined
sponsorship of the Palo Alto and
Stanford chapters of the American
Veterans Committee to raise funds,
ill tickets fur the concert are sell
ing for $1.
Robinson is noted for the infor
mality of his concerts and his abil
ity to get the audience to participate
with him. His "Ballad for Ameri
cans" and"The House I Live In" are
two of his better-known songs.
Tickets will be on sale today and
tomorrow at (he AVC ticket booth
in front of the Cellar, at the Penin
sula Box Office, or from any AVC
member.
Nationally known as a composer,
balladier, and lecturer, Earl Robin
son will present a concert of his,
and other, American favorites in
the Palo Alto High School audito
rium tomorrow night at 8:15.
Presented under the combined
sponsorship of the Palo Alto and
Stanford chapters of the American
Veterans Committee to raise funds,
ill tickets fur the concert are sell
ing for $1.
Robinson is noted for the infor
mality of his concerts and his abil
ity to get the audience to participate
with him. His "Ballad for Ameri
cans" and"The House I Live In" are
two of his better-known songs.
Tickets will be on sale today and
tomorrow at (he AVC ticket booth
in front of the Cellar, at the Penin
sula Box Office, or from any AVC
member.
Nationally known as a composer,
balladier, and lecturer, Earl Robin
son will present a concert of his,
and other, American favorites in
the Palo Alto High School audito
rium tomorrow night at 8:15.
Presented under the combined
sponsorship of the Palo Alto and
Stanford chapters of the American
Veterans Committee to raise funds,
ill tickets fur the concert are sell
ing for $1.
Robinson is noted for the infor
mality of his concerts and his abil
ity to get the audience to participate
with him. His "Ballad for Ameri
cans" and"The House I Live In" are
two of his better-known songs.
Tickets will be on sale today and
tomorrow at (he AVC ticket booth
in front of the Cellar, at the Penin
sula Box Office, or from any AVC
member.
Nationally known as a composer,
balladier, and lecturer, Earl Robin
son will present a concert of his,
and other, American favorites in
the Palo Alto High School audito
rium tomorrow night at 8:15.
Presented under the combined
sponsorship of the Palo Alto and
Stanford chapters of the American
Veterans Committee to raise funds,
ill tickets fur the concert are sell
ing for $1.
Robinson is noted for the infor
mality of his concerts and his abil
ity to get the audience to participate
with him. His "Ballad for Ameri
cans" and"The House I Live In" are
two of his better-known songs.
Tickets will be on sale today and
tomorrow at (he AVC ticket booth
in front of the Cellar, at the Penin
sula Box Office, or from any AVC
member.
Nationally known as a composer,
balladier, and lecturer, Earl Robin
son will present a concert of his,
and other, American favorites in
the Palo Alto High School audito
rium tomorrow night at 8:15.
Presented under the combined
sponsorship of the Palo Alto and
Stanford chapters of the American
Veterans Committee to raise funds,
ill tickets fur the concert are sell
ing for $1.
Robinson is noted for the infor
mality of his concerts and his abil
ity to get the audience to participate
with him. His "Ballad for Ameri
cans" and"The House I Live In" are
two of his better-known songs.
Tickets will be on sale today and
tomorrow at (he AVC ticket booth
in front of the Cellar, at the Penin
sula Box Office, or from any AVC
member.
Nationally known as a composer,
balladier, and lecturer, Earl Robin
son will present a concert of his,
and other, American favorites in
the Palo Alto High School audito
rium tomorrow night at 8:15.
Presented under the combined
sponsorship of the Palo Alto and
Stanford chapters of the American
Veterans Committee to raise funds,
ill tickets fur the concert are sell
ing for $1.
Robinson is noted for the infor
mality of his concerts and his abil
ity to get the audience to participate
with him. His "Ballad for Ameri
cans" and"The House I Live In" are
two of his better-known songs.
Tickets will be on sale today and
tomorrow at (he AVC ticket booth
in front of the Cellar, at the Penin
sula Box Office, or from any AVC
member.
Nationally known as a composer,
balladier, and lecturer, Earl Robin
son will present a concert of his,
and other, American favorites in
the Palo Alto High School audito
rium tomorrow night at 8:15.
Presented under the combined
sponsorship of the Palo Alto and
Stanford chapters of the American
Veterans Committee to raise funds,
ill tickets fur the concert are sell
ing for $1.
Robinson is noted for the infor
mality of his concerts and his abil
ity to get the audience to participate
with him. His "Ballad for Ameri
cans" and"The House I Live In" are
two of his better-known songs.
Tickets will be on sale today and
tomorrow at (he AVC ticket booth
in front of the Cellar, at the Penin
sula Box Office, or from any AVC
member.
Nationally known as a composer,
balladier, and lecturer, Earl Robin
son will present a concert of his,
and other, American favorites in
the Palo Alto High School audito
rium tomorrow night at 8:15.
Presented under the combined
sponsorship of the Palo Alto and
Stanford chapters of the American
Veterans Committee to raise funds,
ill tickets fur the concert are sell
ing for $1.
Robinson is noted for the infor
mality of his concerts and his abil
ity to get the audience to participate
with him. His "Ballad for Ameri
cans" and"The House I Live In" are
two of his better-known songs.
Tickets will be on sale today and
tomorrow at (he AVC ticket booth
in front of the Cellar, at the Penin
sula Box Office, or from any AVC
member.
Nationally known as a composer,
balladier, and lecturer, Earl Robin
son will present a concert of his,
and other, American favorites in
the Palo Alto High School audito
rium tomorrow night at 8:15.
Presented under the combined
sponsorship of the Palo Alto and
Stanford chapters of the American
Veterans Committee to raise funds,
ill tickets fur the concert are sell
ing for $1.
Robinson is noted for the infor
mality of his concerts and his abil
ity to get the audience to participate
with him. His "Ballad for Ameri
cans" and"The House I Live In" are
two of his better-known songs.
Tickets will be on sale today and
tomorrow at (he AVC ticket booth
in front of the Cellar, at the Penin
sula Box Office, or from any AVC
member.
Nationally known as a composer,
balladier, and lecturer, Earl Robin
son will present a concert of his,
and other, American favorites in
the Palo Alto High School audito
rium tomorrow night at 8:15.
Presented under the combined
sponsorship of the Palo Alto and
Stanford chapters of the American
Veterans Committee to raise funds,
ill tickets fur the concert are sell
ing for $1.
Robinson is noted for the infor
mality of his concerts and his abil
ity to get the audience to participate
with him. His "Ballad for Ameri
cans" and"The House I Live In" are
two of his better-known songs.
Tickets will be on sale today and
tomorrow at (he AVC ticket booth
in front of the Cellar, at the Penin
sula Box Office, or from any AVC
member.
