# Untitled Article
## 
### 
With apologies to the Executive
Committee for a mistatement that
crept into an editorial Friday even
ing, we republish below the an
nouncement which first appeared
September 23d. What we should
have said Friday was that the
competition has not yet closed, not
that it was "not, yet called for."
Prize Song.â€”A prize of -$10 will
be offered for the best football song
and $2.50 for the best yell. The
Executive Committee holds the
privilege of rejecting or using all
songs and yells submitted. All
songs and yells must, be submitted
by Octocer 7, 1901, to Ed. Oilman,
Arthur Henley, or Paul Parker.
Executive Committee.
According to a different arrange
ment, (he above time has been ex
tended until the meeting of the
Executive Committee Wednesday
evening.
