# Musicale to Present Harpsichord Concert
## 
### 
Meredith Ellis will present a
program of harpsichord music at
12:15 p.m. today in the Dinkel
spiel Rehearsal Hall for the week
ly Wednesday Musicaie. The pro
gram includes works by Fresco
baldi, Bach, le Roux, and Scarlat
ti. Also performing will be Janet
Levy, Mary Sheridan, and Hazelle
Miloradovitch.
Meredith Ellis will present a
program of harpsichord music at
12:15 p.m. today in the Dinkel
spiel Rehearsal Hall for the week
ly Wednesday Musicaie. The pro
gram includes works by Fresco
baldi, Bach, le Roux, and Scarlat
ti. Also performing will be Janet
Levy, Mary Sheridan, and Hazelle
Miloradovitch.
Meredith Ellis will present a
program of harpsichord music at
12:15 p.m. today in the Dinkel
spiel Rehearsal Hall for the week
ly Wednesday Musicaie. The pro
gram includes works by Fresco
baldi, Bach, le Roux, and Scarlat
ti. Also performing will be Janet
Levy, Mary Sheridan, and Hazelle
Miloradovitch.
Meredith Ellis will present a
program of harpsichord music at
12:15 p.m. today in the Dinkel
spiel Rehearsal Hall for the week
ly Wednesday Musicaie. The pro
gram includes works by Fresco
baldi, Bach, le Roux, and Scarlat
ti. Also performing will be Janet
Levy, Mary Sheridan, and Hazelle
Miloradovitch.
Meredith Ellis will present a
program of harpsichord music at
12:15 p.m. today in the Dinkel
spiel Rehearsal Hall for the week
ly Wednesday Musicaie. The pro
gram includes works by Fresco
baldi, Bach, le Roux, and Scarlat
ti. Also performing will be Janet
Levy, Mary Sheridan, and Hazelle
Miloradovitch.
Meredith Ellis will present a
program of harpsichord music at
12:15 p.m. today in the Dinkel
spiel Rehearsal Hall for the week
ly Wednesday Musicaie. The pro
gram includes works by Fresco
baldi, Bach, le Roux, and Scarlat
ti. Also performing will be Janet
Levy, Mary Sheridan, and Hazelle
Miloradovitch.
Meredith Ellis will present a
program of harpsichord music at
12:15 p.m. today in the Dinkel
spiel Rehearsal Hall for the week
ly Wednesday Musicaie. The pro
gram includes works by Fresco
baldi, Bach, le Roux, and Scarlat
ti. Also performing will be Janet
Levy, Mary Sheridan, and Hazelle
Miloradovitch.
Meredith Ellis will present a
program of harpsichord music at
12:15 p.m. today in the Dinkel
spiel Rehearsal Hall for the week
ly Wednesday Musicaie. The pro
gram includes works by Fresco
baldi, Bach, le Roux, and Scarlat
ti. Also performing will be Janet
Levy, Mary Sheridan, and Hazelle
Miloradovitch.
Meredith Ellis will present a
program of harpsichord music at
12:15 p.m. today in the Dinkel
spiel Rehearsal Hall for the week
ly Wednesday Musicaie. The pro
gram includes works by Fresco
baldi, Bach, le Roux, and Scarlat
ti. Also performing will be Janet
Levy, Mary Sheridan, and Hazelle
Miloradovitch.
Meredith Ellis will present a
program of harpsichord music at
12:15 p.m. today in the Dinkel
spiel Rehearsal Hall for the week
ly Wednesday Musicaie. The pro
gram includes works by Fresco
baldi, Bach, le Roux, and Scarlat
ti. Also performing will be Janet
Levy, Mary Sheridan, and Hazelle
Miloradovitch.
Meredith Ellis will present a
program of harpsichord music at
12:15 p.m. today in the Dinkel
spiel Rehearsal Hall for the week
ly Wednesday Musicaie. The pro
gram includes works by Fresco
baldi, Bach, le Roux, and Scarlat
ti. Also performing will be Janet
Levy, Mary Sheridan, and Hazelle
Miloradovitch.
Meredith Ellis will present a
program of harpsichord music at
12:15 p.m. today in the Dinkel
spiel Rehearsal Hall for the week
ly Wednesday Musicaie. The pro
gram includes works by Fresco
baldi, Bach, le Roux, and Scarlat
ti. Also performing will be Janet
Levy, Mary Sheridan, and Hazelle
Miloradovitch.
Meredith Ellis will present a
program of harpsichord music at
12:15 p.m. today in the Dinkel
spiel Rehearsal Hall for the week
ly Wednesday Musicaie. The pro
gram includes works by Fresco
baldi, Bach, le Roux, and Scarlat
ti. Also performing will be Janet
Levy, Mary Sheridan, and Hazelle
Miloradovitch.
Meredith Ellis will present a
program of harpsichord music at
12:15 p.m. today in the Dinkel
spiel Rehearsal Hall for the week
ly Wednesday Musicaie. The pro
gram includes works by Fresco
baldi, Bach, le Roux, and Scarlat
ti. Also performing will be Janet
Levy, Mary Sheridan, and Hazelle
Miloradovitch.
Meredith Ellis will present a
program of harpsichord music at
12:15 p.m. today in the Dinkel
spiel Rehearsal Hall for the week
ly Wednesday Musicaie. The pro
gram includes works by Fresco
baldi, Bach, le Roux, and Scarlat
ti. Also performing will be Janet
Levy, Mary Sheridan, and Hazelle
Miloradovitch.
Meredith Ellis will present a
program of harpsichord music at
12:15 p.m. today in the Dinkel
spiel Rehearsal Hall for the week
ly Wednesday Musicaie. The pro
gram includes works by Fresco
baldi, Bach, le Roux, and Scarlat
ti. Also performing will be Janet
Levy, Mary Sheridan, and Hazelle
Miloradovitch.
Meredith Ellis will present a
program of harpsichord music at
12:15 p.m. today in the Dinkel
spiel Rehearsal Hall for the week
ly Wednesday Musicaie. The pro
gram includes works by Fresco
baldi, Bach, le Roux, and Scarlat
ti. Also performing will be Janet
Levy, Mary Sheridan, and Hazelle
Miloradovitch.
