# Euphronia to Debate With U.C. Women's Parliament
## 
### 
Euphronia Debating Society will
send Wallace Cathcart and John Cran
ston to Berkeley Thursday evening to
debate with tiie U.C. Women's Parlia
ment on the negative side of the ques
tion: "Resolved, That this house de
plores the practice of social lying."
The debate will be held in Wheeler
Hall, at the University of California,
at 8:15 o'clock. Decision will be made
by the audience.
Euphronia Debating Society will
send Wallace Cathcart and John Cran
ston to Berkeley Thursday evening to
debate with tiie U.C. Women's Parlia
ment on the negative side of the ques
tion: "Resolved, That this house de
plores the practice of social lying."
The debate will be held in Wheeler
Hall, at the University of California,
at 8:15 o'clock. Decision will be made
by the audience.
Euphronia Debating Society will
send Wallace Cathcart and John Cran
ston to Berkeley Thursday evening to
debate with tiie U.C. Women's Parlia
ment on the negative side of the ques
tion: "Resolved, That this house de
plores the practice of social lying."
The debate will be held in Wheeler
Hall, at the University of California,
at 8:15 o'clock. Decision will be made
by the audience.
Euphronia Debating Society will
send Wallace Cathcart and John Cran
ston to Berkeley Thursday evening to
debate with tiie U.C. Women's Parlia
ment on the negative side of the ques
tion: "Resolved, That this house de
plores the practice of social lying."
The debate will be held in Wheeler
Hall, at the University of California,
at 8:15 o'clock. Decision will be made
by the audience.
Euphronia Debating Society will
send Wallace Cathcart and John Cran
ston to Berkeley Thursday evening to
debate with tiie U.C. Women's Parlia
ment on the negative side of the ques
tion: "Resolved, That this house de
plores the practice of social lying."
The debate will be held in Wheeler
Hall, at the University of California,
at 8:15 o'clock. Decision will be made
by the audience.
Euphronia Debating Society will
send Wallace Cathcart and John Cran
ston to Berkeley Thursday evening to
debate with tiie U.C. Women's Parlia
ment on the negative side of the ques
tion: "Resolved, That this house de
plores the practice of social lying."
The debate will be held in Wheeler
Hall, at the University of California,
at 8:15 o'clock. Decision will be made
by the audience.
Euphronia Debating Society will
send Wallace Cathcart and John Cran
ston to Berkeley Thursday evening to
debate with tiie U.C. Women's Parlia
ment on the negative side of the ques
tion: "Resolved, That this house de
plores the practice of social lying."
The debate will be held in Wheeler
Hall, at the University of California,
at 8:15 o'clock. Decision will be made
by the audience.
Euphronia Debating Society will
send Wallace Cathcart and John Cran
ston to Berkeley Thursday evening to
debate with tiie U.C. Women's Parlia
ment on the negative side of the ques
tion: "Resolved, That this house de
plores the practice of social lying."
The debate will be held in Wheeler
Hall, at the University of California,
at 8:15 o'clock. Decision will be made
by the audience.
Euphronia Debating Society will
send Wallace Cathcart and John Cran
ston to Berkeley Thursday evening to
debate with tiie U.C. Women's Parlia
ment on the negative side of the ques
tion: "Resolved, That this house de
plores the practice of social lying."
The debate will be held in Wheeler
Hall, at the University of California,
at 8:15 o'clock. Decision will be made
by the audience.
Euphronia Debating Society will
send Wallace Cathcart and John Cran
ston to Berkeley Thursday evening to
debate with tiie U.C. Women's Parlia
ment on the negative side of the ques
tion: "Resolved, That this house de
plores the practice of social lying."
The debate will be held in Wheeler
Hall, at the University of California,
at 8:15 o'clock. Decision will be made
by the audience.
Euphronia Debating Society will
send Wallace Cathcart and John Cran
ston to Berkeley Thursday evening to
debate with tiie U.C. Women's Parlia
ment on the negative side of the ques
tion: "Resolved, That this house de
plores the practice of social lying."
The debate will be held in Wheeler
Hall, at the University of California,
at 8:15 o'clock. Decision will be made
by the audience.
Euphronia Debating Society will
send Wallace Cathcart and John Cran
ston to Berkeley Thursday evening to
debate with tiie U.C. Women's Parlia
ment on the negative side of the ques
tion: "Resolved, That this house de
plores the practice of social lying."
The debate will be held in Wheeler
Hall, at the University of California,
at 8:15 o'clock. Decision will be made
by the audience.
Euphronia Debating Society will
send Wallace Cathcart and John Cran
ston to Berkeley Thursday evening to
debate with tiie U.C. Women's Parlia
ment on the negative side of the ques
tion: "Resolved, That this house de
plores the practice of social lying."
The debate will be held in Wheeler
Hall, at the University of California,
at 8:15 o'clock. Decision will be made
by the audience.
Euphronia Debating Society will
send Wallace Cathcart and John Cran
ston to Berkeley Thursday evening to
debate with tiie U.C. Women's Parlia
ment on the negative side of the ques
tion: "Resolved, That this house de
plores the practice of social lying."
The debate will be held in Wheeler
Hall, at the University of California,
at 8:15 o'clock. Decision will be made
by the audience.
Euphronia Debating Society will
send Wallace Cathcart and John Cran
ston to Berkeley Thursday evening to
debate with tiie U.C. Women's Parlia
ment on the negative side of the ques
tion: "Resolved, That this house de
plores the practice of social lying."
The debate will be held in Wheeler
Hall, at the University of California,
at 8:15 o'clock. Decision will be made
by the audience.
