# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Ohio State University has a girls'
dormitory that is managed by Ave
churches.
Ohio State University has a girls'
dormitory that is managed by Ave
churches.
Ohio State University has a girls'
dormitory that is managed by Ave
churches.
Ohio State University has a girls'
dormitory that is managed by Ave
churches.
Ohio State University has a girls'
dormitory that is managed by Ave
churches.
Ohio State University has a girls'
dormitory that is managed by Ave
churches.
Ohio State University has a girls'
dormitory that is managed by Ave
churches.
Ohio State University has a girls'
dormitory that is managed by Ave
churches.
Ohio State University has a girls'
dormitory that is managed by Ave
churches.
Ohio State University has a girls'
dormitory that is managed by Ave
churches.
Ohio State University has a girls'
dormitory that is managed by Ave
churches.
Ohio State University has a girls'
dormitory that is managed by Ave
churches.
Ohio State University has a girls'
dormitory that is managed by Ave
churches.
Ohio State University has a girls'
dormitory that is managed by Ave
churches.
Ohio State University has a girls'
dormitory that is managed by Ave
churches.
