# Redwood City Concert.
## 
### 
I'lit' musical clubs gave the first
concert following the Master Lour,
in the new Alhambra Theatre at
Redwood City Saturday night. The
program was the same used in the
north and was rendered in a splen
did manner from beginning to end.
The audience was small hut thor
oughly appreciated the work of the
clubs and specialists, as was shown
by the numerous encores during the
evening. Parties from Stanford and
the Belmont School drove to Red
wood for the entertainment.

This was the first of a series of
concerts which the clubs have sched
uled in nearby places, to raise the
deficit incurred during vacation.
While the Redwood City concert
will hardly pay its own expense, it
is expected that the receipts from
the others will balance the clubs'
account.
Next Saturday evening is the
time set for the return entertain
ment in Palo Alto, and as another
evening may not be given on the
campus, this will probably be the
last opportunity to hear the clubs
this semester. The program will
contain some new numbers and the
usual large audience will doubtless
be in attendance.
Managers Field and Drake to
gether with the Berkeley managers
have completed the preliminary ar
rangements for the combined con
cert to be given by the Stanford and
California Glee and Mandolin Clubs
on the evening of the last intercol
legiate baseball game. This prom
ises to be the musical event of the
year and the audience, made up of
Stanford and Berkeley contingents,
will be an especial feature of the
evening. The theatre for the con
cert will be booked this week.
