# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Ueckptions of the character of
that given by the Christian Asso
ciations to their friends last .Satur
day evening tome all too seldom.
There is ample room in University
life for the particular hand of fel
lowship which they encourage. The
boisterous leathering*' for which the
athletic spirit is respons'ble do not
necessarily lead to a wideracqtiaint
ance among the more retiring stu
dents, while in the somewhat formal
gatherings of protVusedly social
character many students feel that
they have no place at all. It seems
the especial mission of the Christian
Associations to create and maintain
an atmosphere in which widely
diverse elements are equally a t ease.
Their efforts so far bear the marks
of a success which warrants their
continuance on an ever increasing
seale.
Ueckptions of the character of
that given by the Christian Asso
ciations to their friends last .Satur
day evening tome all too seldom.
There is ample room in University
life for the particular hand of fel
lowship which they encourage. The
boisterous leathering*' for which the
athletic spirit is respons'ble do not
necessarily lead to a wideracqtiaint
ance among the more retiring stu
dents, while in the somewhat formal
gatherings of protVusedly social
character many students feel that
they have no place at all. It seems
the especial mission of the Christian
Associations to create and maintain
an atmosphere in which widely
diverse elements are equally a t ease.
Their efforts so far bear the marks
of a success which warrants their
continuance on an ever increasing
seale.
Ueckptions of the character of
that given by the Christian Asso
ciations to their friends last .Satur
day evening tome all too seldom.
There is ample room in University
life for the particular hand of fel
lowship which they encourage. The
boisterous leathering*' for which the
athletic spirit is respons'ble do not
necessarily lead to a wideracqtiaint
ance among the more retiring stu
dents, while in the somewhat formal
gatherings of protVusedly social
character many students feel that
they have no place at all. It seems
the especial mission of the Christian
Associations to create and maintain
an atmosphere in which widely
diverse elements are equally a t ease.
Their efforts so far bear the marks
of a success which warrants their
continuance on an ever increasing
seale.
Ueckptions of the character of
that given by the Christian Asso
ciations to their friends last .Satur
day evening tome all too seldom.
There is ample room in University
life for the particular hand of fel
lowship which they encourage. The
boisterous leathering*' for which the
athletic spirit is respons'ble do not
necessarily lead to a wideracqtiaint
ance among the more retiring stu
dents, while in the somewhat formal
gatherings of protVusedly social
character many students feel that
they have no place at all. It seems
the especial mission of the Christian
Associations to create and maintain
an atmosphere in which widely
diverse elements are equally a t ease.
Their efforts so far bear the marks
of a success which warrants their
continuance on an ever increasing
seale.
Ueckptions of the character of
that given by the Christian Asso
ciations to their friends last .Satur
day evening tome all too seldom.
There is ample room in University
life for the particular hand of fel
lowship which they encourage. The
boisterous leathering*' for which the
athletic spirit is respons'ble do not
necessarily lead to a wideracqtiaint
ance among the more retiring stu
dents, while in the somewhat formal
gatherings of protVusedly social
character many students feel that
they have no place at all. It seems
the especial mission of the Christian
Associations to create and maintain
an atmosphere in which widely
diverse elements are equally a t ease.
Their efforts so far bear the marks
of a success which warrants their
continuance on an ever increasing
seale.
Ueckptions of the character of
that given by the Christian Asso
ciations to their friends last .Satur
day evening tome all too seldom.
There is ample room in University
life for the particular hand of fel
lowship which they encourage. The
boisterous leathering*' for which the
athletic spirit is respons'ble do not
necessarily lead to a wideracqtiaint
ance among the more retiring stu
dents, while in the somewhat formal
gatherings of protVusedly social
character many students feel that
they have no place at all. It seems
the especial mission of the Christian
Associations to create and maintain
an atmosphere in which widely
diverse elements are equally a t ease.
Their efforts so far bear the marks
of a success which warrants their
continuance on an ever increasing
seale.
