# SECRETARY HURLEY ON WAY
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 21. (A 1 )-
Secretary of War Patrick J. Ilurloy
left Crissy Field here at 10:08 this
morning by airplane for Los An
peles, en route to Washington, D.C.
He arrived here Monday from the
Philippines.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 21. (A 1 )-
Secretary of War Patrick J. Ilurloy
left Crissy Field here at 10:08 this
morning by airplane for Los An
peles, en route to Washington, D.C.
He arrived here Monday from the
Philippines.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 21. (A 1 )-
Secretary of War Patrick J. Ilurloy
left Crissy Field here at 10:08 this
morning by airplane for Los An
peles, en route to Washington, D.C.
He arrived here Monday from the
Philippines.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 21. (A 1 )-
Secretary of War Patrick J. Ilurloy
left Crissy Field here at 10:08 this
morning by airplane for Los An
peles, en route to Washington, D.C.
He arrived here Monday from the
Philippines.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 21. (A 1 )-
Secretary of War Patrick J. Ilurloy
left Crissy Field here at 10:08 this
morning by airplane for Los An
peles, en route to Washington, D.C.
He arrived here Monday from the
Philippines.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 21. (A 1 )-
Secretary of War Patrick J. Ilurloy
left Crissy Field here at 10:08 this
morning by airplane for Los An
peles, en route to Washington, D.C.
He arrived here Monday from the
Philippines.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 21. (A 1 )-
Secretary of War Patrick J. Ilurloy
left Crissy Field here at 10:08 this
morning by airplane for Los An
peles, en route to Washington, D.C.
He arrived here Monday from the
Philippines.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 21. (A 1 )-
Secretary of War Patrick J. Ilurloy
left Crissy Field here at 10:08 this
morning by airplane for Los An
peles, en route to Washington, D.C.
He arrived here Monday from the
Philippines.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 21. (A 1 )-
Secretary of War Patrick J. Ilurloy
left Crissy Field here at 10:08 this
morning by airplane for Los An
peles, en route to Washington, D.C.
He arrived here Monday from the
Philippines.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 21. (A 1 )-
Secretary of War Patrick J. Ilurloy
left Crissy Field here at 10:08 this
morning by airplane for Los An
peles, en route to Washington, D.C.
He arrived here Monday from the
Philippines.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 21. (A 1 )-
Secretary of War Patrick J. Ilurloy
left Crissy Field here at 10:08 this
morning by airplane for Los An
peles, en route to Washington, D.C.
He arrived here Monday from the
Philippines.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 21. (A 1 )-
Secretary of War Patrick J. Ilurloy
left Crissy Field here at 10:08 this
morning by airplane for Los An
peles, en route to Washington, D.C.
He arrived here Monday from the
Philippines.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 21. (A 1 )-
Secretary of War Patrick J. Ilurloy
left Crissy Field here at 10:08 this
morning by airplane for Los An
peles, en route to Washington, D.C.
He arrived here Monday from the
Philippines.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 21. (A 1 )-
Secretary of War Patrick J. Ilurloy
left Crissy Field here at 10:08 this
morning by airplane for Los An
peles, en route to Washington, D.C.
He arrived here Monday from the
Philippines.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 21. (A 1 )-
Secretary of War Patrick J. Ilurloy
left Crissy Field here at 10:08 this
morning by airplane for Los An
peles, en route to Washington, D.C.
He arrived here Monday from the
Philippines.
