# JAPANESE TO KEEP GOLD STANDARD IS REPORT OF EXPERT
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 21. (/¥*> —
Japan has no intention of departing
from the gold standard, Juichi Tsu
shima, financial commissioner for
the Imperial Government and finan
cial attache of the Japanese em
bassies in London, Washington, and
Paris, declared on his arrival here
today on the motor liner Asama
Muru.
"The stability of exchange is es-„
sential to the maintenance of for
eign trade," Tsushima explained,
"and anything but gold would work
havoc with the Japanese economic
situation."
The financial expert has been in
Japan for the past year and is eif
route to London via Washington and
New York, to resume his regular
duties.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 21. (/¥*> —
Japan has no intention of departing
from the gold standard, Juichi Tsu
shima, financial commissioner for
the Imperial Government and finan
cial attache of the Japanese em
bassies in London, Washington, and
Paris, declared on his arrival here
today on the motor liner Asama
Muru.
"The stability of exchange is es-„
sential to the maintenance of for
eign trade," Tsushima explained,
"and anything but gold would work
havoc with the Japanese economic
situation."
The financial expert has been in
Japan for the past year and is eif
route to London via Washington and
New York, to resume his regular
duties.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 21. (/¥*> —
Japan has no intention of departing
from the gold standard, Juichi Tsu
shima, financial commissioner for
the Imperial Government and finan
cial attache of the Japanese em
bassies in London, Washington, and
Paris, declared on his arrival here
today on the motor liner Asama
Muru.
"The stability of exchange is es-„
sential to the maintenance of for
eign trade," Tsushima explained,
"and anything but gold would work
havoc with the Japanese economic
situation."
The financial expert has been in
Japan for the past year and is eif
route to London via Washington and
New York, to resume his regular
duties.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 21. (/¥*> —
Japan has no intention of departing
from the gold standard, Juichi Tsu
shima, financial commissioner for
the Imperial Government and finan
cial attache of the Japanese em
bassies in London, Washington, and
Paris, declared on his arrival here
today on the motor liner Asama
Muru.
"The stability of exchange is es-„
sential to the maintenance of for
eign trade," Tsushima explained,
"and anything but gold would work
havoc with the Japanese economic
situation."
The financial expert has been in
Japan for the past year and is eif
route to London via Washington and
New York, to resume his regular
duties.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 21. (/¥*> —
Japan has no intention of departing
from the gold standard, Juichi Tsu
shima, financial commissioner for
the Imperial Government and finan
cial attache of the Japanese em
bassies in London, Washington, and
Paris, declared on his arrival here
today on the motor liner Asama
Muru.
"The stability of exchange is es-„
sential to the maintenance of for
eign trade," Tsushima explained,
"and anything but gold would work
havoc with the Japanese economic
situation."
The financial expert has been in
Japan for the past year and is eif
route to London via Washington and
New York, to resume his regular
duties.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 21. (/¥*> —
Japan has no intention of departing
from the gold standard, Juichi Tsu
shima, financial commissioner for
the Imperial Government and finan
cial attache of the Japanese em
bassies in London, Washington, and
Paris, declared on his arrival here
today on the motor liner Asama
Muru.
"The stability of exchange is es-„
sential to the maintenance of for
eign trade," Tsushima explained,
"and anything but gold would work
havoc with the Japanese economic
situation."
The financial expert has been in
Japan for the past year and is eif
route to London via Washington and
New York, to resume his regular
duties.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 21. (/¥*> —
Japan has no intention of departing
from the gold standard, Juichi Tsu
shima, financial commissioner for
the Imperial Government and finan
cial attache of the Japanese em
bassies in London, Washington, and
Paris, declared on his arrival here
today on the motor liner Asama
Muru.
"The stability of exchange is es-„
sential to the maintenance of for
eign trade," Tsushima explained,
"and anything but gold would work
havoc with the Japanese economic
situation."
The financial expert has been in
Japan for the past year and is eif
route to London via Washington and
New York, to resume his regular
duties.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 21. (/¥*> —
Japan has no intention of departing
from the gold standard, Juichi Tsu
shima, financial commissioner for
the Imperial Government and finan
cial attache of the Japanese em
bassies in London, Washington, and
Paris, declared on his arrival here
today on the motor liner Asama
Muru.
"The stability of exchange is es-„
sential to the maintenance of for
eign trade," Tsushima explained,
"and anything but gold would work
havoc with the Japanese economic
situation."
The financial expert has been in
Japan for the past year and is eif
route to London via Washington and
New York, to resume his regular
duties.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 21. (/¥*> —
Japan has no intention of departing
from the gold standard, Juichi Tsu
shima, financial commissioner for
the Imperial Government and finan
cial attache of the Japanese em
bassies in London, Washington, and
Paris, declared on his arrival here
today on the motor liner Asama
Muru.
"The stability of exchange is es-„
sential to the maintenance of for
eign trade," Tsushima explained,
"and anything but gold would work
havoc with the Japanese economic
situation."
The financial expert has been in
Japan for the past year and is eif
route to London via Washington and
New York, to resume his regular
duties.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 21. (/¥*> —
Japan has no intention of departing
from the gold standard, Juichi Tsu
shima, financial commissioner for
the Imperial Government and finan
cial attache of the Japanese em
bassies in London, Washington, and
Paris, declared on his arrival here
today on the motor liner Asama
Muru.
"The stability of exchange is es-„
sential to the maintenance of for
eign trade," Tsushima explained,
"and anything but gold would work
havoc with the Japanese economic
situation."
The financial expert has been in
Japan for the past year and is eif
route to London via Washington and
New York, to resume his regular
duties.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 21. (/¥*> —
Japan has no intention of departing
from the gold standard, Juichi Tsu
shima, financial commissioner for
the Imperial Government and finan
cial attache of the Japanese em
bassies in London, Washington, and
Paris, declared on his arrival here
today on the motor liner Asama
Muru.
"The stability of exchange is es-„
sential to the maintenance of for
eign trade," Tsushima explained,
"and anything but gold would work
havoc with the Japanese economic
situation."
The financial expert has been in
Japan for the past year and is eif
route to London via Washington and
New York, to resume his regular
duties.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 21. (/¥*> —
Japan has no intention of departing
from the gold standard, Juichi Tsu
shima, financial commissioner for
the Imperial Government and finan
cial attache of the Japanese em
bassies in London, Washington, and
Paris, declared on his arrival here
today on the motor liner Asama
Muru.
"The stability of exchange is es-„
sential to the maintenance of for
eign trade," Tsushima explained,
"and anything but gold would work
havoc with the Japanese economic
situation."
The financial expert has been in
Japan for the past year and is eif
route to London via Washington and
New York, to resume his regular
duties.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 21. (/¥*> —
Japan has no intention of departing
from the gold standard, Juichi Tsu
shima, financial commissioner for
the Imperial Government and finan
cial attache of the Japanese em
bassies in London, Washington, and
Paris, declared on his arrival here
today on the motor liner Asama
Muru.
"The stability of exchange is es-„
sential to the maintenance of for
eign trade," Tsushima explained,
"and anything but gold would work
havoc with the Japanese economic
situation."
The financial expert has been in
Japan for the past year and is eif
route to London via Washington and
New York, to resume his regular
duties.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 21. (/¥*> —
Japan has no intention of departing
from the gold standard, Juichi Tsu
shima, financial commissioner for
the Imperial Government and finan
cial attache of the Japanese em
bassies in London, Washington, and
Paris, declared on his arrival here
today on the motor liner Asama
Muru.
"The stability of exchange is es-„
sential to the maintenance of for
eign trade," Tsushima explained,
"and anything but gold would work
havoc with the Japanese economic
situation."
The financial expert has been in
Japan for the past year and is eif
route to London via Washington and
New York, to resume his regular
duties.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 21. (/¥*> —
Japan has no intention of departing
from the gold standard, Juichi Tsu
shima, financial commissioner for
the Imperial Government and finan
cial attache of the Japanese em
bassies in London, Washington, and
Paris, declared on his arrival here
today on the motor liner Asama
Muru.
"The stability of exchange is es-„
sential to the maintenance of for
eign trade," Tsushima explained,
"and anything but gold would work
havoc with the Japanese economic
situation."
The financial expert has been in
Japan for the past year and is eif
route to London via Washington and
New York, to resume his regular
duties.
