# DAUGHTER OF CALLES GOES ON HONEYMOON
## 
### 
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 21. (7P| —
Artemisa, daughter of former Presi
dent Plutarco Elias Callcs of Mex
ico, and her husband, Dr. Joseph
Jordan Eller of New York, were on
their honeymoon today and prepar
ing to leave late this week for New
York, from where they will sail for
Europe.
They were married last night be
fore a gathering of governmental,
political, diplomatic, and military
personages.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 21. (7P| —
Artemisa, daughter of former Presi
dent Plutarco Elias Callcs of Mex
ico, and her husband, Dr. Joseph
Jordan Eller of New York, were on
their honeymoon today and prepar
ing to leave late this week for New
York, from where they will sail for
Europe.
They were married last night be
fore a gathering of governmental,
political, diplomatic, and military
personages.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 21. (7P| —
Artemisa, daughter of former Presi
dent Plutarco Elias Callcs of Mex
ico, and her husband, Dr. Joseph
Jordan Eller of New York, were on
their honeymoon today and prepar
ing to leave late this week for New
York, from where they will sail for
Europe.
They were married last night be
fore a gathering of governmental,
political, diplomatic, and military
personages.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 21. (7P| —
Artemisa, daughter of former Presi
dent Plutarco Elias Callcs of Mex
ico, and her husband, Dr. Joseph
Jordan Eller of New York, were on
their honeymoon today and prepar
ing to leave late this week for New
York, from where they will sail for
Europe.
They were married last night be
fore a gathering of governmental,
political, diplomatic, and military
personages.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 21. (7P| —
Artemisa, daughter of former Presi
dent Plutarco Elias Callcs of Mex
ico, and her husband, Dr. Joseph
Jordan Eller of New York, were on
their honeymoon today and prepar
ing to leave late this week for New
York, from where they will sail for
Europe.
They were married last night be
fore a gathering of governmental,
political, diplomatic, and military
personages.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 21. (7P| —
Artemisa, daughter of former Presi
dent Plutarco Elias Callcs of Mex
ico, and her husband, Dr. Joseph
Jordan Eller of New York, were on
their honeymoon today and prepar
ing to leave late this week for New
York, from where they will sail for
Europe.
They were married last night be
fore a gathering of governmental,
political, diplomatic, and military
personages.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 21. (7P| —
Artemisa, daughter of former Presi
dent Plutarco Elias Callcs of Mex
ico, and her husband, Dr. Joseph
Jordan Eller of New York, were on
their honeymoon today and prepar
ing to leave late this week for New
York, from where they will sail for
Europe.
They were married last night be
fore a gathering of governmental,
political, diplomatic, and military
personages.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 21. (7P| —
Artemisa, daughter of former Presi
dent Plutarco Elias Callcs of Mex
ico, and her husband, Dr. Joseph
Jordan Eller of New York, were on
their honeymoon today and prepar
ing to leave late this week for New
York, from where they will sail for
Europe.
They were married last night be
fore a gathering of governmental,
political, diplomatic, and military
personages.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 21. (7P| —
Artemisa, daughter of former Presi
dent Plutarco Elias Callcs of Mex
ico, and her husband, Dr. Joseph
Jordan Eller of New York, were on
their honeymoon today and prepar
ing to leave late this week for New
York, from where they will sail for
Europe.
They were married last night be
fore a gathering of governmental,
political, diplomatic, and military
personages.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 21. (7P| —
Artemisa, daughter of former Presi
dent Plutarco Elias Callcs of Mex
ico, and her husband, Dr. Joseph
Jordan Eller of New York, were on
their honeymoon today and prepar
ing to leave late this week for New
York, from where they will sail for
Europe.
They were married last night be
fore a gathering of governmental,
political, diplomatic, and military
personages.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 21. (7P| —
Artemisa, daughter of former Presi
dent Plutarco Elias Callcs of Mex
ico, and her husband, Dr. Joseph
Jordan Eller of New York, were on
their honeymoon today and prepar
ing to leave late this week for New
York, from where they will sail for
Europe.
They were married last night be
fore a gathering of governmental,
political, diplomatic, and military
personages.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 21. (7P| —
Artemisa, daughter of former Presi
dent Plutarco Elias Callcs of Mex
ico, and her husband, Dr. Joseph
Jordan Eller of New York, were on
their honeymoon today and prepar
ing to leave late this week for New
York, from where they will sail for
Europe.
They were married last night be
fore a gathering of governmental,
political, diplomatic, and military
personages.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 21. (7P| —
Artemisa, daughter of former Presi
dent Plutarco Elias Callcs of Mex
ico, and her husband, Dr. Joseph
Jordan Eller of New York, were on
their honeymoon today and prepar
ing to leave late this week for New
York, from where they will sail for
Europe.
They were married last night be
fore a gathering of governmental,
political, diplomatic, and military
personages.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 21. (7P| —
Artemisa, daughter of former Presi
dent Plutarco Elias Callcs of Mex
ico, and her husband, Dr. Joseph
Jordan Eller of New York, were on
their honeymoon today and prepar
ing to leave late this week for New
York, from where they will sail for
Europe.
They were married last night be
fore a gathering of governmental,
political, diplomatic, and military
personages.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 21. (7P| —
Artemisa, daughter of former Presi
dent Plutarco Elias Callcs of Mex
ico, and her husband, Dr. Joseph
Jordan Eller of New York, were on
their honeymoon today and prepar
ing to leave late this week for New
York, from where they will sail for
Europe.
They were married last night be
fore a gathering of governmental,
political, diplomatic, and military
personages.
