# CHRISTIAN SOCIETY TO HOLD RETREAT
## 
### 
A retreat in the Santa Cruz j
mountains this week-end under tho
auspices of the Stanford Christian
Association has been arranged by
Tom Vasey, president, for 12 or 15
men interested in the work of the |
organization.
Under the leadership of Professor !
E. K. Strong, of the graduate school
of business, and Mr. Silverthorn,
assistant secretary of the associa- j
tion, the boys invited will hold this I
informal fellowship meeting at ihe j
cabin of Comptroller Roth, 15 miles [
from Santa Cruz. The group will j
start from the Stanford Union at 1 j
o'clock Saturday afternoon, and rc- I
turn Sunday morning.
Vasey states that his organization
plans to hold several of these in- ;
formal retreats during this school j
year. 1
