# LEAGUE FAILS
## 
### 
GENEVA, Oct. 21. (/P.)— Shaken
by doubt of American support and
confronted by Japan's stoutly main
tained refusal to withdraw her Man
churian troops until her terms have
been met, the Council of the League
of Nations faltered today in its ef
forts to establish peace between
China and Japan.
Pessimism was so complete that a
proposal to adjourn the Council's
special session for three weeks,
without concrete action to arrest the
Manchurian conflict, was debated.
GENEVA, Oct. 21. (/P.)— Shaken
by doubt of American support and
confronted by Japan's stoutly main
tained refusal to withdraw her Man
churian troops until her terms have
been met, the Council of the League
of Nations faltered today in its ef
forts to establish peace between
China and Japan.
Pessimism was so complete that a
proposal to adjourn the Council's
special session for three weeks,
without concrete action to arrest the
Manchurian conflict, was debated.
GENEVA, Oct. 21. (/P.)— Shaken
by doubt of American support and
confronted by Japan's stoutly main
tained refusal to withdraw her Man
churian troops until her terms have
been met, the Council of the League
of Nations faltered today in its ef
forts to establish peace between
China and Japan.
Pessimism was so complete that a
proposal to adjourn the Council's
special session for three weeks,
without concrete action to arrest the
Manchurian conflict, was debated.
GENEVA, Oct. 21. (/P.)— Shaken
by doubt of American support and
confronted by Japan's stoutly main
tained refusal to withdraw her Man
churian troops until her terms have
been met, the Council of the League
of Nations faltered today in its ef
forts to establish peace between
China and Japan.
Pessimism was so complete that a
proposal to adjourn the Council's
special session for three weeks,
without concrete action to arrest the
Manchurian conflict, was debated.
GENEVA, Oct. 21. (/P.)— Shaken
by doubt of American support and
confronted by Japan's stoutly main
tained refusal to withdraw her Man
churian troops until her terms have
been met, the Council of the League
of Nations faltered today in its ef
forts to establish peace between
China and Japan.
Pessimism was so complete that a
proposal to adjourn the Council's
special session for three weeks,
without concrete action to arrest the
Manchurian conflict, was debated.
GENEVA, Oct. 21. (/P.)— Shaken
by doubt of American support and
confronted by Japan's stoutly main
tained refusal to withdraw her Man
churian troops until her terms have
been met, the Council of the League
of Nations faltered today in its ef
forts to establish peace between
China and Japan.
Pessimism was so complete that a
proposal to adjourn the Council's
special session for three weeks,
without concrete action to arrest the
Manchurian conflict, was debated.
GENEVA, Oct. 21. (/P.)— Shaken
by doubt of American support and
confronted by Japan's stoutly main
tained refusal to withdraw her Man
churian troops until her terms have
been met, the Council of the League
of Nations faltered today in its ef
forts to establish peace between
China and Japan.
Pessimism was so complete that a
proposal to adjourn the Council's
special session for three weeks,
without concrete action to arrest the
Manchurian conflict, was debated.
GENEVA, Oct. 21. (/P.)— Shaken
by doubt of American support and
confronted by Japan's stoutly main
tained refusal to withdraw her Man
churian troops until her terms have
been met, the Council of the League
of Nations faltered today in its ef
forts to establish peace between
China and Japan.
Pessimism was so complete that a
proposal to adjourn the Council's
special session for three weeks,
without concrete action to arrest the
Manchurian conflict, was debated.
GENEVA, Oct. 21. (/P.)— Shaken
by doubt of American support and
confronted by Japan's stoutly main
tained refusal to withdraw her Man
churian troops until her terms have
been met, the Council of the League
of Nations faltered today in its ef
forts to establish peace between
China and Japan.
Pessimism was so complete that a
proposal to adjourn the Council's
special session for three weeks,
without concrete action to arrest the
Manchurian conflict, was debated.
GENEVA, Oct. 21. (/P.)— Shaken
by doubt of American support and
confronted by Japan's stoutly main
tained refusal to withdraw her Man
churian troops until her terms have
been met, the Council of the League
of Nations faltered today in its ef
forts to establish peace between
China and Japan.
Pessimism was so complete that a
proposal to adjourn the Council's
special session for three weeks,
without concrete action to arrest the
Manchurian conflict, was debated.
GENEVA, Oct. 21. (/P.)— Shaken
by doubt of American support and
confronted by Japan's stoutly main
tained refusal to withdraw her Man
churian troops until her terms have
been met, the Council of the League
of Nations faltered today in its ef
forts to establish peace between
China and Japan.
Pessimism was so complete that a
proposal to adjourn the Council's
special session for three weeks,
without concrete action to arrest the
Manchurian conflict, was debated.
GENEVA, Oct. 21. (/P.)— Shaken
by doubt of American support and
confronted by Japan's stoutly main
tained refusal to withdraw her Man
churian troops until her terms have
been met, the Council of the League
of Nations faltered today in its ef
forts to establish peace between
China and Japan.
Pessimism was so complete that a
proposal to adjourn the Council's
special session for three weeks,
without concrete action to arrest the
Manchurian conflict, was debated.
GENEVA, Oct. 21. (/P.)— Shaken
by doubt of American support and
confronted by Japan's stoutly main
tained refusal to withdraw her Man
churian troops until her terms have
been met, the Council of the League
of Nations faltered today in its ef
forts to establish peace between
China and Japan.
Pessimism was so complete that a
proposal to adjourn the Council's
special session for three weeks,
without concrete action to arrest the
Manchurian conflict, was debated.
GENEVA, Oct. 21. (/P.)— Shaken
by doubt of American support and
confronted by Japan's stoutly main
tained refusal to withdraw her Man
churian troops until her terms have
been met, the Council of the League
of Nations faltered today in its ef
forts to establish peace between
China and Japan.
Pessimism was so complete that a
proposal to adjourn the Council's
special session for three weeks,
without concrete action to arrest the
Manchurian conflict, was debated.
GENEVA, Oct. 21. (/P.)— Shaken
by doubt of American support and
confronted by Japan's stoutly main
tained refusal to withdraw her Man
churian troops until her terms have
been met, the Council of the League
of Nations faltered today in its ef
forts to establish peace between
China and Japan.
Pessimism was so complete that a
proposal to adjourn the Council's
special session for three weeks,
without concrete action to arrest the
Manchurian conflict, was debated.
