# Adv. 21 Page 14
## 
### 
HELP WANTED
$250K+ YOUR FIRST YEAR
Fire your boss - Change your life.
www.oneyearplan.net/1/shannon
Busy Stanford Alum seeking
personal assistant. Good pay,
easy, work when you want. Taslcs
likely to include shopping (e.q.
gifts), errands, web research,
miscellaneous projects. Must
have rar, lots of common sense,
and good taste. Please call
989-6829 and leave message.
Classroom aide needed starting
late August for 8 year old boy.
Palo Alto. Great learning
opportunity for eduction or
psych student seeking real world
experience. Call or email
Elaine Hahn at 329-9360 or
elaine@hahnfamily.com.
GET FREE STUDY GUIDES !!! when
you participate in a fun survey,
call 1-800-226-7799x3054
Advertise here: 723-2555, ext 301
