# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Eddie Hart, famous Princeton tack
le, came all the way from Alaska to
help prepare the Tigers for the Yale
game.
Eddie Hart, famous Princeton tack
le, came all the way from Alaska to
help prepare the Tigers for the Yale
game.
Eddie Hart, famous Princeton tack
le, came all the way from Alaska to
help prepare the Tigers for the Yale
game.
Eddie Hart, famous Princeton tack
le, came all the way from Alaska to
help prepare the Tigers for the Yale
game.
Eddie Hart, famous Princeton tack
le, came all the way from Alaska to
help prepare the Tigers for the Yale
game.
Eddie Hart, famous Princeton tack
le, came all the way from Alaska to
help prepare the Tigers for the Yale
game.
Eddie Hart, famous Princeton tack
le, came all the way from Alaska to
help prepare the Tigers for the Yale
game.
Eddie Hart, famous Princeton tack
le, came all the way from Alaska to
help prepare the Tigers for the Yale
game.
Eddie Hart, famous Princeton tack
le, came all the way from Alaska to
help prepare the Tigers for the Yale
game.
Eddie Hart, famous Princeton tack
le, came all the way from Alaska to
help prepare the Tigers for the Yale
game.
Eddie Hart, famous Princeton tack
le, came all the way from Alaska to
help prepare the Tigers for the Yale
game.
Eddie Hart, famous Princeton tack
le, came all the way from Alaska to
help prepare the Tigers for the Yale
game.
Eddie Hart, famous Princeton tack
le, came all the way from Alaska to
help prepare the Tigers for the Yale
game.
Eddie Hart, famous Princeton tack
le, came all the way from Alaska to
help prepare the Tigers for the Yale
game.
