# Untitled Article
## 
### 
W. Clark, ex-'15, was married to
Miss Mary Caldwell in Los Angeles
last Wednesday.
W. Clark, ex-'15, was married to
Miss Mary Caldwell in Los Angeles
last Wednesday.
W. Clark, ex-'15, was married to
Miss Mary Caldwell in Los Angeles
last Wednesday.
W. Clark, ex-'15, was married to
Miss Mary Caldwell in Los Angeles
last Wednesday.
W. Clark, ex-'15, was married to
Miss Mary Caldwell in Los Angeles
last Wednesday.
W. Clark, ex-'15, was married to
Miss Mary Caldwell in Los Angeles
last Wednesday.
W. Clark, ex-'15, was married to
Miss Mary Caldwell in Los Angeles
last Wednesday.
W. Clark, ex-'15, was married to
Miss Mary Caldwell in Los Angeles
last Wednesday.
W. Clark, ex-'15, was married to
Miss Mary Caldwell in Los Angeles
last Wednesday.
W. Clark, ex-'15, was married to
Miss Mary Caldwell in Los Angeles
last Wednesday.
W. Clark, ex-'15, was married to
Miss Mary Caldwell in Los Angeles
last Wednesday.
W. Clark, ex-'15, was married to
Miss Mary Caldwell in Los Angeles
last Wednesday.
W. Clark, ex-'15, was married to
Miss Mary Caldwell in Los Angeles
last Wednesday.
W. Clark, ex-'15, was married to
Miss Mary Caldwell in Los Angeles
last Wednesday.
