# Married at Santa Barbara.
## 
### 
Miss Mary Merriman, '13, and James
It. Thompson were recently married
at Santa Barbara. Miss Merriman
transferred here from Occidental.
Thompson is a graduate of Princton.
Miss Mary Merriman, '13, and James
It. Thompson were recently married
at Santa Barbara. Miss Merriman
transferred here from Occidental.
Thompson is a graduate of Princton.
Miss Mary Merriman, '13, and James
It. Thompson were recently married
at Santa Barbara. Miss Merriman
transferred here from Occidental.
Thompson is a graduate of Princton.
Miss Mary Merriman, '13, and James
It. Thompson were recently married
at Santa Barbara. Miss Merriman
transferred here from Occidental.
Thompson is a graduate of Princton.
Miss Mary Merriman, '13, and James
It. Thompson were recently married
at Santa Barbara. Miss Merriman
transferred here from Occidental.
Thompson is a graduate of Princton.
Miss Mary Merriman, '13, and James
It. Thompson were recently married
at Santa Barbara. Miss Merriman
transferred here from Occidental.
Thompson is a graduate of Princton.
Miss Mary Merriman, '13, and James
It. Thompson were recently married
at Santa Barbara. Miss Merriman
transferred here from Occidental.
Thompson is a graduate of Princton.
Miss Mary Merriman, '13, and James
It. Thompson were recently married
at Santa Barbara. Miss Merriman
transferred here from Occidental.
Thompson is a graduate of Princton.
Miss Mary Merriman, '13, and James
It. Thompson were recently married
at Santa Barbara. Miss Merriman
transferred here from Occidental.
Thompson is a graduate of Princton.
Miss Mary Merriman, '13, and James
It. Thompson were recently married
at Santa Barbara. Miss Merriman
transferred here from Occidental.
Thompson is a graduate of Princton.
Miss Mary Merriman, '13, and James
It. Thompson were recently married
at Santa Barbara. Miss Merriman
transferred here from Occidental.
Thompson is a graduate of Princton.
Miss Mary Merriman, '13, and James
It. Thompson were recently married
at Santa Barbara. Miss Merriman
transferred here from Occidental.
Thompson is a graduate of Princton.
Miss Mary Merriman, '13, and James
It. Thompson were recently married
at Santa Barbara. Miss Merriman
transferred here from Occidental.
Thompson is a graduate of Princton.
Miss Mary Merriman, '13, and James
It. Thompson were recently married
at Santa Barbara. Miss Merriman
transferred here from Occidental.
Thompson is a graduate of Princton.
