# Will Entertain Educators.
## 
### 
Professor Lewis Terman, of the
Education department, will entertain
nil Education majors at. a Hallowe'en
party, to be given at his home tonight
jit S o'clock.
Professor Lewis Terman, of the
Education department, will entertain
nil Education majors at. a Hallowe'en
party, to be given at his home tonight
jit S o'clock.
Professor Lewis Terman, of the
Education department, will entertain
nil Education majors at. a Hallowe'en
party, to be given at his home tonight
jit S o'clock.
Professor Lewis Terman, of the
Education department, will entertain
nil Education majors at. a Hallowe'en
party, to be given at his home tonight
jit S o'clock.
Professor Lewis Terman, of the
Education department, will entertain
nil Education majors at. a Hallowe'en
party, to be given at his home tonight
jit S o'clock.
Professor Lewis Terman, of the
Education department, will entertain
nil Education majors at. a Hallowe'en
party, to be given at his home tonight
jit S o'clock.
Professor Lewis Terman, of the
Education department, will entertain
nil Education majors at. a Hallowe'en
party, to be given at his home tonight
jit S o'clock.
Professor Lewis Terman, of the
Education department, will entertain
nil Education majors at. a Hallowe'en
party, to be given at his home tonight
jit S o'clock.
Professor Lewis Terman, of the
Education department, will entertain
nil Education majors at. a Hallowe'en
party, to be given at his home tonight
jit S o'clock.
Professor Lewis Terman, of the
Education department, will entertain
nil Education majors at. a Hallowe'en
party, to be given at his home tonight
jit S o'clock.
Professor Lewis Terman, of the
Education department, will entertain
nil Education majors at. a Hallowe'en
party, to be given at his home tonight
jit S o'clock.
Professor Lewis Terman, of the
Education department, will entertain
nil Education majors at. a Hallowe'en
party, to be given at his home tonight
jit S o'clock.
Professor Lewis Terman, of the
Education department, will entertain
nil Education majors at. a Hallowe'en
party, to be given at his home tonight
jit S o'clock.
Professor Lewis Terman, of the
Education department, will entertain
nil Education majors at. a Hallowe'en
party, to be given at his home tonight
jit S o'clock.
