# TUESDAY
## 
### 
Big test for testing — Agreeing
to hear a key challenge to the
Reagan administration's anti-drug
plans, the Supreme Court said
yesterday that it would decide
whether federal officials may re
quire employees to be tested for
drugs. Page 3
Perfect 10 — In the conclusion
of a match suspended by rain, the
Stanford women's tennis team
knocked off Arizona State 5-1, up
ping its record to 10-0. Senior Cari
Hagey was one game away from
clinching the match with a win over
the Sun Devils' Lisa Haldas when
the heavens opened. Hagey was
victorious after the rain delay.
Page 7

Editors meeting today at noon at
The Daily's offices. Lunch: enough
Applewood Inn pizza for the whole
gang.
