# Adv. 14 Page 4
## 
### 
FOUND
FOUND on March 21, ;»oxs tiro and
tiro cover, on road hot. Toyon
and Ericina. . Owner may have
same by calling 0(109 and identi
fying.
DANCING
DANCING, —Classes Thursday p.m.
Mazie Koddy, !(0S IJoyce Ave.
Plume Private lessons by
appointment.
DANCE-I—Francos1 —Francos K. Da vies School.
Special ballroom and ballot in
struction. Appointments day and
evening. Tap Dancing direction
of Fred Pearman. 4:;i Waverley.
Phone 55U0.
LOST
LOST Ka|>pa Kappa (lamina key
between Dr. Dyment's office and
the geology corner. Hot urn to
Catherine Crary at the Kappa
House.
v
LOST Iron hand from armor at
Military Hall. Will the souvenir
collector kindly return it to the
A.S.S.U. offiee ns it cannot be
replaced without, sending to Eu
rope. Reward.
LOST Last Wednesday, orange
Waterman fountain pen. Lady's
size. Finder please return to
1 )aily.
