# NEW ZEALAND TURNS OUT FOR POLE EXPLORERS
## 
### 

Adm. Richard E. Byrd and his companions were received with ceremony on their return from Ant
arctic. The above picture shows the expedition's ship City of New York greeted by a band as it an
proached the dock at Dunedin, New Zealand.

Adm. Richard E. Byrd and his companions were received with ceremony on their return from Ant
arctic. The above picture shows the expedition's ship City of New York greeted by a band as it an
proached the dock at Dunedin, New Zealand.

Adm. Richard E. Byrd and his companions were received with ceremony on their return from Ant
arctic. The above picture shows the expedition's ship City of New York greeted by a band as it an
proached the dock at Dunedin, New Zealand.

Adm. Richard E. Byrd and his companions were received with ceremony on their return from Ant
arctic. The above picture shows the expedition's ship City of New York greeted by a band as it an
proached the dock at Dunedin, New Zealand.

Adm. Richard E. Byrd and his companions were received with ceremony on their return from Ant
arctic. The above picture shows the expedition's ship City of New York greeted by a band as it an
proached the dock at Dunedin, New Zealand.

Adm. Richard E. Byrd and his companions were received with ceremony on their return from Ant
arctic. The above picture shows the expedition's ship City of New York greeted by a band as it an
proached the dock at Dunedin, New Zealand.

Adm. Richard E. Byrd and his companions were received with ceremony on their return from Ant
arctic. The above picture shows the expedition's ship City of New York greeted by a band as it an
proached the dock at Dunedin, New Zealand.

Adm. Richard E. Byrd and his companions were received with ceremony on their return from Ant
arctic. The above picture shows the expedition's ship City of New York greeted by a band as it an
proached the dock at Dunedin, New Zealand.

Adm. Richard E. Byrd and his companions were received with ceremony on their return from Ant
arctic. The above picture shows the expedition's ship City of New York greeted by a band as it an
proached the dock at Dunedin, New Zealand.

Adm. Richard E. Byrd and his companions were received with ceremony on their return from Ant
arctic. The above picture shows the expedition's ship City of New York greeted by a band as it an
proached the dock at Dunedin, New Zealand.

Adm. Richard E. Byrd and his companions were received with ceremony on their return from Ant
arctic. The above picture shows the expedition's ship City of New York greeted by a band as it an
proached the dock at Dunedin, New Zealand.

Adm. Richard E. Byrd and his companions were received with ceremony on their return from Ant
arctic. The above picture shows the expedition's ship City of New York greeted by a band as it an
proached the dock at Dunedin, New Zealand.

Adm. Richard E. Byrd and his companions were received with ceremony on their return from Ant
arctic. The above picture shows the expedition's ship City of New York greeted by a band as it an
proached the dock at Dunedin, New Zealand.

Adm. Richard E. Byrd and his companions were received with ceremony on their return from Ant
arctic. The above picture shows the expedition's ship City of New York greeted by a band as it an
proached the dock at Dunedin, New Zealand.

Adm. Richard E. Byrd and his companions were received with ceremony on their return from Ant
arctic. The above picture shows the expedition's ship City of New York greeted by a band as it an
proached the dock at Dunedin, New Zealand.
