# SIX CARD GOLFERS TO LEAVE FOR L.A.
## 
### 
Six Cardinal golfers headed by
Captain Warner Edmonds will
leave Thursday night on a special
train for the annual Minor Sports
Carnival at Los Angeles on Friday
and Saturday, April 11 and 12. Her
man Hellman, John llutts, Richie
Stevenson, Doug White, and Bob
Lewis are the other Stanford men
making the trip.
The Card team will play a Round
Robin with six-man teams from
Southern California, U.C.L.A., and
California. Two matches will take
place Friday, one in the morning
and one in the afternoon, and a
third match on Saturday morning.
All tourneys will be held on the
Lakeside links.
Six Cardinal golfers headed by
Captain Warner Edmonds will
leave Thursday night on a special
train for the annual Minor Sports
Carnival at Los Angeles on Friday
and Saturday, April 11 and 12. Her
man Hellman, John llutts, Richie
Stevenson, Doug White, and Bob
Lewis are the other Stanford men
making the trip.
The Card team will play a Round
Robin with six-man teams from
Southern California, U.C.L.A., and
California. Two matches will take
place Friday, one in the morning
and one in the afternoon, and a
third match on Saturday morning.
All tourneys will be held on the
Lakeside links.
Six Cardinal golfers headed by
Captain Warner Edmonds will
leave Thursday night on a special
train for the annual Minor Sports
Carnival at Los Angeles on Friday
and Saturday, April 11 and 12. Her
man Hellman, John llutts, Richie
Stevenson, Doug White, and Bob
Lewis are the other Stanford men
making the trip.
The Card team will play a Round
Robin with six-man teams from
Southern California, U.C.L.A., and
California. Two matches will take
place Friday, one in the morning
and one in the afternoon, and a
third match on Saturday morning.
All tourneys will be held on the
Lakeside links.
Six Cardinal golfers headed by
Captain Warner Edmonds will
leave Thursday night on a special
train for the annual Minor Sports
Carnival at Los Angeles on Friday
and Saturday, April 11 and 12. Her
man Hellman, John llutts, Richie
Stevenson, Doug White, and Bob
Lewis are the other Stanford men
making the trip.
The Card team will play a Round
Robin with six-man teams from
Southern California, U.C.L.A., and
California. Two matches will take
place Friday, one in the morning
and one in the afternoon, and a
third match on Saturday morning.
All tourneys will be held on the
Lakeside links.
Six Cardinal golfers headed by
Captain Warner Edmonds will
leave Thursday night on a special
train for the annual Minor Sports
Carnival at Los Angeles on Friday
and Saturday, April 11 and 12. Her
man Hellman, John llutts, Richie
Stevenson, Doug White, and Bob
Lewis are the other Stanford men
making the trip.
The Card team will play a Round
Robin with six-man teams from
Southern California, U.C.L.A., and
California. Two matches will take
place Friday, one in the morning
and one in the afternoon, and a
third match on Saturday morning.
All tourneys will be held on the
Lakeside links.
Six Cardinal golfers headed by
Captain Warner Edmonds will
leave Thursday night on a special
train for the annual Minor Sports
Carnival at Los Angeles on Friday
and Saturday, April 11 and 12. Her
man Hellman, John llutts, Richie
Stevenson, Doug White, and Bob
Lewis are the other Stanford men
making the trip.
The Card team will play a Round
Robin with six-man teams from
Southern California, U.C.L.A., and
California. Two matches will take
place Friday, one in the morning
and one in the afternoon, and a
third match on Saturday morning.
All tourneys will be held on the
Lakeside links.
Six Cardinal golfers headed by
Captain Warner Edmonds will
leave Thursday night on a special
train for the annual Minor Sports
Carnival at Los Angeles on Friday
and Saturday, April 11 and 12. Her
man Hellman, John llutts, Richie
Stevenson, Doug White, and Bob
Lewis are the other Stanford men
making the trip.
The Card team will play a Round
Robin with six-man teams from
Southern California, U.C.L.A., and
California. Two matches will take
place Friday, one in the morning
and one in the afternoon, and a
third match on Saturday morning.
All tourneys will be held on the
Lakeside links.
Six Cardinal golfers headed by
Captain Warner Edmonds will
leave Thursday night on a special
train for the annual Minor Sports
Carnival at Los Angeles on Friday
and Saturday, April 11 and 12. Her
man Hellman, John llutts, Richie
Stevenson, Doug White, and Bob
Lewis are the other Stanford men
making the trip.
The Card team will play a Round
Robin with six-man teams from
Southern California, U.C.L.A., and
California. Two matches will take
place Friday, one in the morning
and one in the afternoon, and a
third match on Saturday morning.
All tourneys will be held on the
Lakeside links.
Six Cardinal golfers headed by
Captain Warner Edmonds will
leave Thursday night on a special
train for the annual Minor Sports
Carnival at Los Angeles on Friday
and Saturday, April 11 and 12. Her
man Hellman, John llutts, Richie
Stevenson, Doug White, and Bob
Lewis are the other Stanford men
making the trip.
The Card team will play a Round
Robin with six-man teams from
Southern California, U.C.L.A., and
California. Two matches will take
place Friday, one in the morning
and one in the afternoon, and a
third match on Saturday morning.
All tourneys will be held on the
Lakeside links.
Six Cardinal golfers headed by
Captain Warner Edmonds will
leave Thursday night on a special
train for the annual Minor Sports
Carnival at Los Angeles on Friday
and Saturday, April 11 and 12. Her
man Hellman, John llutts, Richie
Stevenson, Doug White, and Bob
Lewis are the other Stanford men
making the trip.
The Card team will play a Round
Robin with six-man teams from
Southern California, U.C.L.A., and
California. Two matches will take
place Friday, one in the morning
and one in the afternoon, and a
third match on Saturday morning.
All tourneys will be held on the
Lakeside links.
Six Cardinal golfers headed by
Captain Warner Edmonds will
leave Thursday night on a special
train for the annual Minor Sports
Carnival at Los Angeles on Friday
and Saturday, April 11 and 12. Her
man Hellman, John llutts, Richie
Stevenson, Doug White, and Bob
Lewis are the other Stanford men
making the trip.
The Card team will play a Round
Robin with six-man teams from
Southern California, U.C.L.A., and
California. Two matches will take
place Friday, one in the morning
and one in the afternoon, and a
third match on Saturday morning.
All tourneys will be held on the
Lakeside links.
Six Cardinal golfers headed by
Captain Warner Edmonds will
leave Thursday night on a special
train for the annual Minor Sports
Carnival at Los Angeles on Friday
and Saturday, April 11 and 12. Her
man Hellman, John llutts, Richie
Stevenson, Doug White, and Bob
Lewis are the other Stanford men
making the trip.
The Card team will play a Round
Robin with six-man teams from
Southern California, U.C.L.A., and
California. Two matches will take
place Friday, one in the morning
and one in the afternoon, and a
third match on Saturday morning.
All tourneys will be held on the
Lakeside links.
Six Cardinal golfers headed by
Captain Warner Edmonds will
leave Thursday night on a special
train for the annual Minor Sports
Carnival at Los Angeles on Friday
and Saturday, April 11 and 12. Her
man Hellman, John llutts, Richie
Stevenson, Doug White, and Bob
Lewis are the other Stanford men
making the trip.
The Card team will play a Round
Robin with six-man teams from
Southern California, U.C.L.A., and
California. Two matches will take
place Friday, one in the morning
and one in the afternoon, and a
third match on Saturday morning.
All tourneys will be held on the
Lakeside links.
Six Cardinal golfers headed by
Captain Warner Edmonds will
leave Thursday night on a special
train for the annual Minor Sports
Carnival at Los Angeles on Friday
and Saturday, April 11 and 12. Her
man Hellman, John llutts, Richie
Stevenson, Doug White, and Bob
Lewis are the other Stanford men
making the trip.
The Card team will play a Round
Robin with six-man teams from
Southern California, U.C.L.A., and
California. Two matches will take
place Friday, one in the morning
and one in the afternoon, and a
third match on Saturday morning.
All tourneys will be held on the
Lakeside links.
Six Cardinal golfers headed by
Captain Warner Edmonds will
leave Thursday night on a special
train for the annual Minor Sports
Carnival at Los Angeles on Friday
and Saturday, April 11 and 12. Her
man Hellman, John llutts, Richie
Stevenson, Doug White, and Bob
Lewis are the other Stanford men
making the trip.
The Card team will play a Round
Robin with six-man teams from
Southern California, U.C.L.A., and
California. Two matches will take
place Friday, one in the morning
and one in the afternoon, and a
third match on Saturday morning.
All tourneys will be held on the
Lakeside links.
