# GLEE CLUB PLANS DATES OF CONCERTS
## 
### 
Dates for three concerts to be
given in the near future by tin
Stanford Glee Club were announced
yesterday by Earl E. Reed, clul
manager. The club's next appear
anee will be at an evening concert
;»t the Los Gatos High School on
Wednesday, April 2.T
Following this will he the annual
Home Concert to he given on the
campus Friday, April 25, while the
last of the engagements is foi
Wednesday, the oOtli of this month
iii the St. Francis Hotel in San
Francisco.
Dates for three concerts to be
given in the near future by tin
Stanford Glee Club were announced
yesterday by Earl E. Reed, clul
manager. The club's next appear
anee will be at an evening concert
;»t the Los Gatos High School on
Wednesday, April 2.T
Following this will he the annual
Home Concert to he given on the
campus Friday, April 25, while the
last of the engagements is foi
Wednesday, the oOtli of this month
iii the St. Francis Hotel in San
Francisco.
Dates for three concerts to be
given in the near future by tin
Stanford Glee Club were announced
yesterday by Earl E. Reed, clul
manager. The club's next appear
anee will be at an evening concert
;»t the Los Gatos High School on
Wednesday, April 2.T
Following this will he the annual
Home Concert to he given on the
campus Friday, April 25, while the
last of the engagements is foi
Wednesday, the oOtli of this month
iii the St. Francis Hotel in San
Francisco.
Dates for three concerts to be
given in the near future by tin
Stanford Glee Club were announced
yesterday by Earl E. Reed, clul
manager. The club's next appear
anee will be at an evening concert
;»t the Los Gatos High School on
Wednesday, April 2.T
Following this will he the annual
Home Concert to he given on the
campus Friday, April 25, while the
last of the engagements is foi
Wednesday, the oOtli of this month
iii the St. Francis Hotel in San
Francisco.
Dates for three concerts to be
given in the near future by tin
Stanford Glee Club were announced
yesterday by Earl E. Reed, clul
manager. The club's next appear
anee will be at an evening concert
;»t the Los Gatos High School on
Wednesday, April 2.T
Following this will he the annual
Home Concert to he given on the
campus Friday, April 25, while the
last of the engagements is foi
Wednesday, the oOtli of this month
iii the St. Francis Hotel in San
Francisco.
Dates for three concerts to be
given in the near future by tin
Stanford Glee Club were announced
yesterday by Earl E. Reed, clul
manager. The club's next appear
anee will be at an evening concert
;»t the Los Gatos High School on
Wednesday, April 2.T
Following this will he the annual
Home Concert to he given on the
campus Friday, April 25, while the
last of the engagements is foi
Wednesday, the oOtli of this month
iii the St. Francis Hotel in San
Francisco.
Dates for three concerts to be
given in the near future by tin
Stanford Glee Club were announced
yesterday by Earl E. Reed, clul
manager. The club's next appear
anee will be at an evening concert
;»t the Los Gatos High School on
Wednesday, April 2.T
Following this will he the annual
Home Concert to he given on the
campus Friday, April 25, while the
last of the engagements is foi
Wednesday, the oOtli of this month
iii the St. Francis Hotel in San
Francisco.
Dates for three concerts to be
given in the near future by tin
Stanford Glee Club were announced
yesterday by Earl E. Reed, clul
manager. The club's next appear
anee will be at an evening concert
;»t the Los Gatos High School on
Wednesday, April 2.T
Following this will he the annual
Home Concert to he given on the
campus Friday, April 25, while the
last of the engagements is foi
Wednesday, the oOtli of this month
iii the St. Francis Hotel in San
Francisco.
Dates for three concerts to be
given in the near future by tin
Stanford Glee Club were announced
yesterday by Earl E. Reed, clul
manager. The club's next appear
anee will be at an evening concert
;»t the Los Gatos High School on
Wednesday, April 2.T
Following this will he the annual
Home Concert to he given on the
campus Friday, April 25, while the
last of the engagements is foi
Wednesday, the oOtli of this month
iii the St. Francis Hotel in San
Francisco.
Dates for three concerts to be
given in the near future by tin
Stanford Glee Club were announced
yesterday by Earl E. Reed, clul
manager. The club's next appear
anee will be at an evening concert
;»t the Los Gatos High School on
Wednesday, April 2.T
Following this will he the annual
Home Concert to he given on the
campus Friday, April 25, while the
last of the engagements is foi
Wednesday, the oOtli of this month
iii the St. Francis Hotel in San
Francisco.
Dates for three concerts to be
given in the near future by tin
Stanford Glee Club were announced
yesterday by Earl E. Reed, clul
manager. The club's next appear
anee will be at an evening concert
;»t the Los Gatos High School on
Wednesday, April 2.T
Following this will he the annual
Home Concert to he given on the
campus Friday, April 25, while the
last of the engagements is foi
Wednesday, the oOtli of this month
iii the St. Francis Hotel in San
Francisco.
Dates for three concerts to be
given in the near future by tin
Stanford Glee Club were announced
yesterday by Earl E. Reed, clul
manager. The club's next appear
anee will be at an evening concert
;»t the Los Gatos High School on
Wednesday, April 2.T
Following this will he the annual
Home Concert to he given on the
campus Friday, April 25, while the
last of the engagements is foi
Wednesday, the oOtli of this month
iii the St. Francis Hotel in San
Francisco.
Dates for three concerts to be
given in the near future by tin
Stanford Glee Club were announced
yesterday by Earl E. Reed, clul
manager. The club's next appear
anee will be at an evening concert
;»t the Los Gatos High School on
Wednesday, April 2.T
Following this will he the annual
Home Concert to he given on the
campus Friday, April 25, while the
last of the engagements is foi
Wednesday, the oOtli of this month
iii the St. Francis Hotel in San
Francisco.
Dates for three concerts to be
given in the near future by tin
Stanford Glee Club were announced
yesterday by Earl E. Reed, clul
manager. The club's next appear
anee will be at an evening concert
;»t the Los Gatos High School on
Wednesday, April 2.T
Following this will he the annual
Home Concert to he given on the
campus Friday, April 25, while the
last of the engagements is foi
Wednesday, the oOtli of this month
iii the St. Francis Hotel in San
Francisco.
Dates for three concerts to be
given in the near future by tin
Stanford Glee Club were announced
yesterday by Earl E. Reed, clul
manager. The club's next appear
anee will be at an evening concert
;»t the Los Gatos High School on
Wednesday, April 2.T
Following this will he the annual
Home Concert to he given on the
campus Friday, April 25, while the
last of the engagements is foi
Wednesday, the oOtli of this month
iii the St. Francis Hotel in San
Francisco.
