# NEW RIFLE CAPTAIN
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, April 8. (fiP')—
Major J. K. Moles, seven times a
member of an American learn in
international rille matches, was
approved today by Secretary of
War Hurley as captain of tlie
United States team which will con
tend next August, at Antwerp in
the international rifle matches.
WASHINGTON, April 8. (fiP')—
Major J. K. Moles, seven times a
member of an American learn in
international rille matches, was
approved today by Secretary of
War Hurley as captain of tlie
United States team which will con
tend next August, at Antwerp in
the international rifle matches.
WASHINGTON, April 8. (fiP')—
Major J. K. Moles, seven times a
member of an American learn in
international rille matches, was
approved today by Secretary of
War Hurley as captain of tlie
United States team which will con
tend next August, at Antwerp in
the international rifle matches.
WASHINGTON, April 8. (fiP')—
Major J. K. Moles, seven times a
member of an American learn in
international rille matches, was
approved today by Secretary of
War Hurley as captain of tlie
United States team which will con
tend next August, at Antwerp in
the international rifle matches.
WASHINGTON, April 8. (fiP')—
Major J. K. Moles, seven times a
member of an American learn in
international rille matches, was
approved today by Secretary of
War Hurley as captain of tlie
United States team which will con
tend next August, at Antwerp in
the international rifle matches.
WASHINGTON, April 8. (fiP')—
Major J. K. Moles, seven times a
member of an American learn in
international rille matches, was
approved today by Secretary of
War Hurley as captain of tlie
United States team which will con
tend next August, at Antwerp in
the international rifle matches.
WASHINGTON, April 8. (fiP')—
Major J. K. Moles, seven times a
member of an American learn in
international rille matches, was
approved today by Secretary of
War Hurley as captain of tlie
United States team which will con
tend next August, at Antwerp in
the international rifle matches.
WASHINGTON, April 8. (fiP')—
Major J. K. Moles, seven times a
member of an American learn in
international rille matches, was
approved today by Secretary of
War Hurley as captain of tlie
United States team which will con
tend next August, at Antwerp in
the international rifle matches.
WASHINGTON, April 8. (fiP')—
Major J. K. Moles, seven times a
member of an American learn in
international rille matches, was
approved today by Secretary of
War Hurley as captain of tlie
United States team which will con
tend next August, at Antwerp in
the international rifle matches.
WASHINGTON, April 8. (fiP')—
Major J. K. Moles, seven times a
member of an American learn in
international rille matches, was
approved today by Secretary of
War Hurley as captain of tlie
United States team which will con
tend next August, at Antwerp in
the international rifle matches.
WASHINGTON, April 8. (fiP')—
Major J. K. Moles, seven times a
member of an American learn in
international rille matches, was
approved today by Secretary of
War Hurley as captain of tlie
United States team which will con
tend next August, at Antwerp in
the international rifle matches.
WASHINGTON, April 8. (fiP')—
Major J. K. Moles, seven times a
member of an American learn in
international rille matches, was
approved today by Secretary of
War Hurley as captain of tlie
United States team which will con
tend next August, at Antwerp in
the international rifle matches.
WASHINGTON, April 8. (fiP')—
Major J. K. Moles, seven times a
member of an American learn in
international rille matches, was
approved today by Secretary of
War Hurley as captain of tlie
United States team which will con
tend next August, at Antwerp in
the international rifle matches.
WASHINGTON, April 8. (fiP')—
Major J. K. Moles, seven times a
member of an American learn in
international rille matches, was
approved today by Secretary of
War Hurley as captain of tlie
United States team which will con
tend next August, at Antwerp in
the international rifle matches.
WASHINGTON, April 8. (fiP')—
Major J. K. Moles, seven times a
member of an American learn in
international rille matches, was
approved today by Secretary of
War Hurley as captain of tlie
United States team which will con
tend next August, at Antwerp in
the international rifle matches.
