# U.C. AXE CAPTOR COMPLIMENTS "21"
## 
### 
Word has been received from
Clinton Miller, the California man
who is famous in axe history as
successfully carrying the Stanford
axe under his overcoat through the
San Francisco ferry gates accom
panied by a Berkeley co-ed, and
thus evading the suspicion of Stan
ford watchers thirty-one years ago.
Miller writes: "In the first place,
let me say that I am, of course,
low-spirited and disappointed and
am waiting until I have an oppor
tunity to express an 'old grad's'
opinion of the carelessness of the
present generation and to quote a
wiser man that 1 who said in effect
that pride goetli before a fall.
"Hut in spite of all that 1 am a
good sport and take my hat off to
the group of Stanford boys who
successfully accomplished the re
covery. It is theirs now to do with
as they please as long as they can."
Word has been received from
Clinton Miller, the California man
who is famous in axe history as
successfully carrying the Stanford
axe under his overcoat through the
San Francisco ferry gates accom
panied by a Berkeley co-ed, and
thus evading the suspicion of Stan
ford watchers thirty-one years ago.
Miller writes: "In the first place,
let me say that I am, of course,
low-spirited and disappointed and
am waiting until I have an oppor
tunity to express an 'old grad's'
opinion of the carelessness of the
present generation and to quote a
wiser man that 1 who said in effect
that pride goetli before a fall.
"Hut in spite of all that 1 am a
good sport and take my hat off to
the group of Stanford boys who
successfully accomplished the re
covery. It is theirs now to do with
as they please as long as they can."
Word has been received from
Clinton Miller, the California man
who is famous in axe history as
successfully carrying the Stanford
axe under his overcoat through the
San Francisco ferry gates accom
panied by a Berkeley co-ed, and
thus evading the suspicion of Stan
ford watchers thirty-one years ago.
Miller writes: "In the first place,
let me say that I am, of course,
low-spirited and disappointed and
am waiting until I have an oppor
tunity to express an 'old grad's'
opinion of the carelessness of the
present generation and to quote a
wiser man that 1 who said in effect
that pride goetli before a fall.
"Hut in spite of all that 1 am a
good sport and take my hat off to
the group of Stanford boys who
successfully accomplished the re
covery. It is theirs now to do with
as they please as long as they can."
Word has been received from
Clinton Miller, the California man
who is famous in axe history as
successfully carrying the Stanford
axe under his overcoat through the
San Francisco ferry gates accom
panied by a Berkeley co-ed, and
thus evading the suspicion of Stan
ford watchers thirty-one years ago.
Miller writes: "In the first place,
let me say that I am, of course,
low-spirited and disappointed and
am waiting until I have an oppor
tunity to express an 'old grad's'
opinion of the carelessness of the
present generation and to quote a
wiser man that 1 who said in effect
that pride goetli before a fall.
"Hut in spite of all that 1 am a
good sport and take my hat off to
the group of Stanford boys who
successfully accomplished the re
covery. It is theirs now to do with
as they please as long as they can."
Word has been received from
Clinton Miller, the California man
who is famous in axe history as
successfully carrying the Stanford
axe under his overcoat through the
San Francisco ferry gates accom
panied by a Berkeley co-ed, and
thus evading the suspicion of Stan
ford watchers thirty-one years ago.
Miller writes: "In the first place,
let me say that I am, of course,
low-spirited and disappointed and
am waiting until I have an oppor
tunity to express an 'old grad's'
opinion of the carelessness of the
present generation and to quote a
wiser man that 1 who said in effect
that pride goetli before a fall.
"Hut in spite of all that 1 am a
good sport and take my hat off to
the group of Stanford boys who
successfully accomplished the re
covery. It is theirs now to do with
as they please as long as they can."
Word has been received from
Clinton Miller, the California man
who is famous in axe history as
successfully carrying the Stanford
axe under his overcoat through the
San Francisco ferry gates accom
panied by a Berkeley co-ed, and
thus evading the suspicion of Stan
ford watchers thirty-one years ago.
Miller writes: "In the first place,
let me say that I am, of course,
low-spirited and disappointed and
am waiting until I have an oppor
tunity to express an 'old grad's'
opinion of the carelessness of the
present generation and to quote a
wiser man that 1 who said in effect
that pride goetli before a fall.
"Hut in spite of all that 1 am a
good sport and take my hat off to
the group of Stanford boys who
successfully accomplished the re
covery. It is theirs now to do with
as they please as long as they can."
Word has been received from
Clinton Miller, the California man
who is famous in axe history as
successfully carrying the Stanford
axe under his overcoat through the
San Francisco ferry gates accom
panied by a Berkeley co-ed, and
thus evading the suspicion of Stan
ford watchers thirty-one years ago.
Miller writes: "In the first place,
let me say that I am, of course,
low-spirited and disappointed and
am waiting until I have an oppor
tunity to express an 'old grad's'
opinion of the carelessness of the
present generation and to quote a
wiser man that 1 who said in effect
that pride goetli before a fall.
"Hut in spite of all that 1 am a
good sport and take my hat off to
the group of Stanford boys who
successfully accomplished the re
covery. It is theirs now to do with
as they please as long as they can."
Word has been received from
Clinton Miller, the California man
who is famous in axe history as
successfully carrying the Stanford
axe under his overcoat through the
San Francisco ferry gates accom
panied by a Berkeley co-ed, and
thus evading the suspicion of Stan
ford watchers thirty-one years ago.
Miller writes: "In the first place,
let me say that I am, of course,
low-spirited and disappointed and
am waiting until I have an oppor
tunity to express an 'old grad's'
opinion of the carelessness of the
present generation and to quote a
wiser man that 1 who said in effect
that pride goetli before a fall.
"Hut in spite of all that 1 am a
good sport and take my hat off to
the group of Stanford boys who
successfully accomplished the re
covery. It is theirs now to do with
as they please as long as they can."
Word has been received from
Clinton Miller, the California man
who is famous in axe history as
successfully carrying the Stanford
axe under his overcoat through the
San Francisco ferry gates accom
panied by a Berkeley co-ed, and
thus evading the suspicion of Stan
ford watchers thirty-one years ago.
Miller writes: "In the first place,
let me say that I am, of course,
low-spirited and disappointed and
am waiting until I have an oppor
tunity to express an 'old grad's'
opinion of the carelessness of the
present generation and to quote a
wiser man that 1 who said in effect
that pride goetli before a fall.
"Hut in spite of all that 1 am a
good sport and take my hat off to
the group of Stanford boys who
successfully accomplished the re
covery. It is theirs now to do with
as they please as long as they can."
Word has been received from
Clinton Miller, the California man
who is famous in axe history as
successfully carrying the Stanford
axe under his overcoat through the
San Francisco ferry gates accom
panied by a Berkeley co-ed, and
thus evading the suspicion of Stan
ford watchers thirty-one years ago.
Miller writes: "In the first place,
let me say that I am, of course,
low-spirited and disappointed and
am waiting until I have an oppor
tunity to express an 'old grad's'
opinion of the carelessness of the
present generation and to quote a
wiser man that 1 who said in effect
that pride goetli before a fall.
"Hut in spite of all that 1 am a
good sport and take my hat off to
the group of Stanford boys who
successfully accomplished the re
covery. It is theirs now to do with
as they please as long as they can."
Word has been received from
Clinton Miller, the California man
who is famous in axe history as
successfully carrying the Stanford
axe under his overcoat through the
San Francisco ferry gates accom
panied by a Berkeley co-ed, and
thus evading the suspicion of Stan
ford watchers thirty-one years ago.
Miller writes: "In the first place,
let me say that I am, of course,
low-spirited and disappointed and
am waiting until I have an oppor
tunity to express an 'old grad's'
opinion of the carelessness of the
present generation and to quote a
wiser man that 1 who said in effect
that pride goetli before a fall.
"Hut in spite of all that 1 am a
good sport and take my hat off to
the group of Stanford boys who
successfully accomplished the re
covery. It is theirs now to do with
as they please as long as they can."
Word has been received from
Clinton Miller, the California man
who is famous in axe history as
successfully carrying the Stanford
axe under his overcoat through the
San Francisco ferry gates accom
panied by a Berkeley co-ed, and
thus evading the suspicion of Stan
ford watchers thirty-one years ago.
Miller writes: "In the first place,
let me say that I am, of course,
low-spirited and disappointed and
am waiting until I have an oppor
tunity to express an 'old grad's'
opinion of the carelessness of the
present generation and to quote a
wiser man that 1 who said in effect
that pride goetli before a fall.
"Hut in spite of all that 1 am a
good sport and take my hat off to
the group of Stanford boys who
successfully accomplished the re
covery. It is theirs now to do with
as they please as long as they can."
Word has been received from
Clinton Miller, the California man
who is famous in axe history as
successfully carrying the Stanford
axe under his overcoat through the
San Francisco ferry gates accom
panied by a Berkeley co-ed, and
thus evading the suspicion of Stan
ford watchers thirty-one years ago.
Miller writes: "In the first place,
let me say that I am, of course,
low-spirited and disappointed and
am waiting until I have an oppor
tunity to express an 'old grad's'
opinion of the carelessness of the
present generation and to quote a
wiser man that 1 who said in effect
that pride goetli before a fall.
"Hut in spite of all that 1 am a
good sport and take my hat off to
the group of Stanford boys who
successfully accomplished the re
covery. It is theirs now to do with
as they please as long as they can."
Word has been received from
Clinton Miller, the California man
who is famous in axe history as
successfully carrying the Stanford
axe under his overcoat through the
San Francisco ferry gates accom
panied by a Berkeley co-ed, and
thus evading the suspicion of Stan
ford watchers thirty-one years ago.
Miller writes: "In the first place,
let me say that I am, of course,
low-spirited and disappointed and
am waiting until I have an oppor
tunity to express an 'old grad's'
opinion of the carelessness of the
present generation and to quote a
wiser man that 1 who said in effect
that pride goetli before a fall.
"Hut in spite of all that 1 am a
good sport and take my hat off to
the group of Stanford boys who
successfully accomplished the re
covery. It is theirs now to do with
as they please as long as they can."
Word has been received from
Clinton Miller, the California man
who is famous in axe history as
successfully carrying the Stanford
axe under his overcoat through the
San Francisco ferry gates accom
panied by a Berkeley co-ed, and
thus evading the suspicion of Stan
ford watchers thirty-one years ago.
Miller writes: "In the first place,
let me say that I am, of course,
low-spirited and disappointed and
am waiting until I have an oppor
tunity to express an 'old grad's'
opinion of the carelessness of the
present generation and to quote a
wiser man that 1 who said in effect
that pride goetli before a fall.
"Hut in spite of all that 1 am a
good sport and take my hat off to
the group of Stanford boys who
successfully accomplished the re
covery. It is theirs now to do with
as they please as long as they can."
