# Seniors Select Barbecue Site
## Dave Hooker Given Class Plate Charge 
### 
Selection of Dave Hooker to be in
charge of the Class Plate, and Por
tola as the scene of the Senior Bar
becue, was made by the Senior Ex
ecutive Committee yesterday after
noon at a meeting in the Union.
Other class positions to be filled
include Class Orator, Class His
torian, and Class Will author. Thest
will be selected at the next meeting
according to Bob Mcßoskey. senioi
class president.
It was brought out in the meeting
that there is an alumni position U
be filled which has been overlooked
at the various caucuses. The posi
tion is that of a representative who
will sit in the alumni councils; it
will be for a period of three years,
and there will be no work or com
pensation connected with it.
A group of Californians have or
ganized for the purpose of promot
ing longer vacations for school
children. They call themselves Va
cations, Inc.
Selection of Dave Hooker to be in
charge of the Class Plate, and Por
tola as the scene of the Senior Bar
becue, was made by the Senior Ex
ecutive Committee yesterday after
noon at a meeting in the Union.
Other class positions to be filled
include Class Orator, Class His
torian, and Class Will author. Thest
will be selected at the next meeting
according to Bob Mcßoskey. senioi
class president.
It was brought out in the meeting
that there is an alumni position U
be filled which has been overlooked
at the various caucuses. The posi
tion is that of a representative who
will sit in the alumni councils; it
will be for a period of three years,
and there will be no work or com
pensation connected with it.
A group of Californians have or
ganized for the purpose of promot
ing longer vacations for school
children. They call themselves Va
cations, Inc.
Selection of Dave Hooker to be in
charge of the Class Plate, and Por
tola as the scene of the Senior Bar
becue, was made by the Senior Ex
ecutive Committee yesterday after
noon at a meeting in the Union.
Other class positions to be filled
include Class Orator, Class His
torian, and Class Will author. Thest
will be selected at the next meeting
according to Bob Mcßoskey. senioi
class president.
It was brought out in the meeting
that there is an alumni position U
be filled which has been overlooked
at the various caucuses. The posi
tion is that of a representative who
will sit in the alumni councils; it
will be for a period of three years,
and there will be no work or com
pensation connected with it.
A group of Californians have or
ganized for the purpose of promot
ing longer vacations for school
children. They call themselves Va
cations, Inc.
Selection of Dave Hooker to be in
charge of the Class Plate, and Por
tola as the scene of the Senior Bar
becue, was made by the Senior Ex
ecutive Committee yesterday after
noon at a meeting in the Union.
Other class positions to be filled
include Class Orator, Class His
torian, and Class Will author. Thest
will be selected at the next meeting
according to Bob Mcßoskey. senioi
class president.
It was brought out in the meeting
that there is an alumni position U
be filled which has been overlooked
at the various caucuses. The posi
tion is that of a representative who
will sit in the alumni councils; it
will be for a period of three years,
and there will be no work or com
pensation connected with it.
A group of Californians have or
ganized for the purpose of promot
ing longer vacations for school
children. They call themselves Va
cations, Inc.
Selection of Dave Hooker to be in
charge of the Class Plate, and Por
tola as the scene of the Senior Bar
becue, was made by the Senior Ex
ecutive Committee yesterday after
noon at a meeting in the Union.
Other class positions to be filled
include Class Orator, Class His
torian, and Class Will author. Thest
will be selected at the next meeting
according to Bob Mcßoskey. senioi
class president.
It was brought out in the meeting
that there is an alumni position U
be filled which has been overlooked
at the various caucuses. The posi
tion is that of a representative who
will sit in the alumni councils; it
will be for a period of three years,
and there will be no work or com
pensation connected with it.
A group of Californians have or
ganized for the purpose of promot
ing longer vacations for school
children. They call themselves Va
cations, Inc.
Selection of Dave Hooker to be in
charge of the Class Plate, and Por
tola as the scene of the Senior Bar
becue, was made by the Senior Ex
ecutive Committee yesterday after
noon at a meeting in the Union.
Other class positions to be filled
include Class Orator, Class His
torian, and Class Will author. Thest
will be selected at the next meeting
according to Bob Mcßoskey. senioi
class president.
It was brought out in the meeting
that there is an alumni position U
be filled which has been overlooked
at the various caucuses. The posi
tion is that of a representative who
will sit in the alumni councils; it
will be for a period of three years,
and there will be no work or com
pensation connected with it.
A group of Californians have or
ganized for the purpose of promot
ing longer vacations for school
children. They call themselves Va
cations, Inc.
Selection of Dave Hooker to be in
charge of the Class Plate, and Por
tola as the scene of the Senior Bar
becue, was made by the Senior Ex
ecutive Committee yesterday after
noon at a meeting in the Union.
Other class positions to be filled
include Class Orator, Class His
torian, and Class Will author. Thest
will be selected at the next meeting
according to Bob Mcßoskey. senioi
class president.
It was brought out in the meeting
that there is an alumni position U
be filled which has been overlooked
at the various caucuses. The posi
tion is that of a representative who
will sit in the alumni councils; it
will be for a period of three years,
and there will be no work or com
pensation connected with it.
A group of Californians have or
ganized for the purpose of promot
ing longer vacations for school
children. They call themselves Va
cations, Inc.
Selection of Dave Hooker to be in
charge of the Class Plate, and Por
tola as the scene of the Senior Bar
becue, was made by the Senior Ex
ecutive Committee yesterday after
noon at a meeting in the Union.
Other class positions to be filled
include Class Orator, Class His
torian, and Class Will author. Thest
will be selected at the next meeting
according to Bob Mcßoskey. senioi
class president.
It was brought out in the meeting
that there is an alumni position U
be filled which has been overlooked
at the various caucuses. The posi
tion is that of a representative who
will sit in the alumni councils; it
will be for a period of three years,
and there will be no work or com
pensation connected with it.
A group of Californians have or
ganized for the purpose of promot
ing longer vacations for school
children. They call themselves Va
cations, Inc.
Selection of Dave Hooker to be in
charge of the Class Plate, and Por
tola as the scene of the Senior Bar
becue, was made by the Senior Ex
ecutive Committee yesterday after
noon at a meeting in the Union.
Other class positions to be filled
include Class Orator, Class His
torian, and Class Will author. Thest
will be selected at the next meeting
according to Bob Mcßoskey. senioi
class president.
It was brought out in the meeting
that there is an alumni position U
be filled which has been overlooked
at the various caucuses. The posi
tion is that of a representative who
will sit in the alumni councils; it
will be for a period of three years,
and there will be no work or com
pensation connected with it.
A group of Californians have or
ganized for the purpose of promot
ing longer vacations for school
children. They call themselves Va
cations, Inc.
Selection of Dave Hooker to be in
charge of the Class Plate, and Por
tola as the scene of the Senior Bar
becue, was made by the Senior Ex
ecutive Committee yesterday after
noon at a meeting in the Union.
Other class positions to be filled
include Class Orator, Class His
torian, and Class Will author. Thest
will be selected at the next meeting
according to Bob Mcßoskey. senioi
class president.
It was brought out in the meeting
that there is an alumni position U
be filled which has been overlooked
at the various caucuses. The posi
tion is that of a representative who
will sit in the alumni councils; it
will be for a period of three years,
and there will be no work or com
pensation connected with it.
A group of Californians have or
ganized for the purpose of promot
ing longer vacations for school
children. They call themselves Va
cations, Inc.
Selection of Dave Hooker to be in
charge of the Class Plate, and Por
tola as the scene of the Senior Bar
becue, was made by the Senior Ex
ecutive Committee yesterday after
noon at a meeting in the Union.
Other class positions to be filled
include Class Orator, Class His
torian, and Class Will author. Thest
will be selected at the next meeting
according to Bob Mcßoskey. senioi
class president.
It was brought out in the meeting
that there is an alumni position U
be filled which has been overlooked
at the various caucuses. The posi
tion is that of a representative who
will sit in the alumni councils; it
will be for a period of three years,
and there will be no work or com
pensation connected with it.
A group of Californians have or
ganized for the purpose of promot
ing longer vacations for school
children. They call themselves Va
cations, Inc.
Selection of Dave Hooker to be in
charge of the Class Plate, and Por
tola as the scene of the Senior Bar
becue, was made by the Senior Ex
ecutive Committee yesterday after
noon at a meeting in the Union.
Other class positions to be filled
include Class Orator, Class His
torian, and Class Will author. Thest
will be selected at the next meeting
according to Bob Mcßoskey. senioi
class president.
It was brought out in the meeting
that there is an alumni position U
be filled which has been overlooked
at the various caucuses. The posi
tion is that of a representative who
will sit in the alumni councils; it
will be for a period of three years,
and there will be no work or com
pensation connected with it.
A group of Californians have or
ganized for the purpose of promot
ing longer vacations for school
children. They call themselves Va
cations, Inc.
Selection of Dave Hooker to be in
charge of the Class Plate, and Por
tola as the scene of the Senior Bar
becue, was made by the Senior Ex
ecutive Committee yesterday after
noon at a meeting in the Union.
Other class positions to be filled
include Class Orator, Class His
torian, and Class Will author. Thest
will be selected at the next meeting
according to Bob Mcßoskey. senioi
class president.
It was brought out in the meeting
that there is an alumni position U
be filled which has been overlooked
at the various caucuses. The posi
tion is that of a representative who
will sit in the alumni councils; it
will be for a period of three years,
and there will be no work or com
pensation connected with it.
A group of Californians have or
ganized for the purpose of promot
ing longer vacations for school
children. They call themselves Va
cations, Inc.
Selection of Dave Hooker to be in
charge of the Class Plate, and Por
tola as the scene of the Senior Bar
becue, was made by the Senior Ex
ecutive Committee yesterday after
noon at a meeting in the Union.
Other class positions to be filled
include Class Orator, Class His
torian, and Class Will author. Thest
will be selected at the next meeting
according to Bob Mcßoskey. senioi
class president.
It was brought out in the meeting
that there is an alumni position U
be filled which has been overlooked
at the various caucuses. The posi
tion is that of a representative who
will sit in the alumni councils; it
will be for a period of three years,
and there will be no work or com
pensation connected with it.
A group of Californians have or
ganized for the purpose of promot
ing longer vacations for school
children. They call themselves Va
cations, Inc.
Selection of Dave Hooker to be in
charge of the Class Plate, and Por
tola as the scene of the Senior Bar
becue, was made by the Senior Ex
ecutive Committee yesterday after
noon at a meeting in the Union.
Other class positions to be filled
include Class Orator, Class His
torian, and Class Will author. Thest
will be selected at the next meeting
according to Bob Mcßoskey. senioi
class president.
It was brought out in the meeting
that there is an alumni position U
be filled which has been overlooked
at the various caucuses. The posi
tion is that of a representative who
will sit in the alumni councils; it
will be for a period of three years,
and there will be no work or com
pensation connected with it.
A group of Californians have or
ganized for the purpose of promot
ing longer vacations for school
children. They call themselves Va
cations, Inc.
