# Professor Cross Will Go to Brown
## 
### 
Assistant Professor Paul C. Cross,
who has been a member of the
chemistry staff at Stanford since
IiJoU and who held a special fellow
ship for research on the compounds
of heavy hydrogen, lias been ap
pointed associate professor in the
Department oi Chemistry at Brown
University.
Professor Cro-s has been particu
larly inten >d in theoretical and
experimental problems in molecular
study in his research and has made
a study of the structures of water
vapor and of hydrogen sulfide. He
has also done work in the study of
compounds in which heavy hydro
gen was substituted for ordinary
hydrogen and has made experi
mental studies of the infra-red ab
sorption spectra of these compounds.
Drivers of all public vehicles and
motor trucks in France must submit
to a physical examination.
