# Placement Service Has Engineer Jobs
## 
### 
The office of Vocational Guidance
and Placement Service recently an
nounced the following job openings
for mechanical and electrical engi
neers:
1. 8.5., no experience necessary.
Research contract development
work, office in Sunnyvale at West
inghouse plant.
2. Grade 9 and grade 11 mechan
ical engineers for work in Sunny
vale.
For further details contact the
Placement Service.
The office of Vocational Guidance
and Placement Service recently an
nounced the following job openings
for mechanical and electrical engi
neers:
1. 8.5., no experience necessary.
Research contract development
work, office in Sunnyvale at West
inghouse plant.
2. Grade 9 and grade 11 mechan
ical engineers for work in Sunny
vale.
For further details contact the
Placement Service.
The office of Vocational Guidance
and Placement Service recently an
nounced the following job openings
for mechanical and electrical engi
neers:
1. 8.5., no experience necessary.
Research contract development
work, office in Sunnyvale at West
inghouse plant.
2. Grade 9 and grade 11 mechan
ical engineers for work in Sunny
vale.
For further details contact the
Placement Service.
The office of Vocational Guidance
and Placement Service recently an
nounced the following job openings
for mechanical and electrical engi
neers:
1. 8.5., no experience necessary.
Research contract development
work, office in Sunnyvale at West
inghouse plant.
2. Grade 9 and grade 11 mechan
ical engineers for work in Sunny
vale.
For further details contact the
Placement Service.
The office of Vocational Guidance
and Placement Service recently an
nounced the following job openings
for mechanical and electrical engi
neers:
1. 8.5., no experience necessary.
Research contract development
work, office in Sunnyvale at West
inghouse plant.
2. Grade 9 and grade 11 mechan
ical engineers for work in Sunny
vale.
For further details contact the
Placement Service.
The office of Vocational Guidance
and Placement Service recently an
nounced the following job openings
for mechanical and electrical engi
neers:
1. 8.5., no experience necessary.
Research contract development
work, office in Sunnyvale at West
inghouse plant.
2. Grade 9 and grade 11 mechan
ical engineers for work in Sunny
vale.
For further details contact the
Placement Service.
The office of Vocational Guidance
and Placement Service recently an
nounced the following job openings
for mechanical and electrical engi
neers:
1. 8.5., no experience necessary.
Research contract development
work, office in Sunnyvale at West
inghouse plant.
2. Grade 9 and grade 11 mechan
ical engineers for work in Sunny
vale.
For further details contact the
Placement Service.
The office of Vocational Guidance
and Placement Service recently an
nounced the following job openings
for mechanical and electrical engi
neers:
1. 8.5., no experience necessary.
Research contract development
work, office in Sunnyvale at West
inghouse plant.
2. Grade 9 and grade 11 mechan
ical engineers for work in Sunny
vale.
For further details contact the
Placement Service.
The office of Vocational Guidance
and Placement Service recently an
nounced the following job openings
for mechanical and electrical engi
neers:
1. 8.5., no experience necessary.
Research contract development
work, office in Sunnyvale at West
inghouse plant.
2. Grade 9 and grade 11 mechan
ical engineers for work in Sunny
vale.
For further details contact the
Placement Service.
The office of Vocational Guidance
and Placement Service recently an
nounced the following job openings
for mechanical and electrical engi
neers:
1. 8.5., no experience necessary.
Research contract development
work, office in Sunnyvale at West
inghouse plant.
2. Grade 9 and grade 11 mechan
ical engineers for work in Sunny
vale.
For further details contact the
Placement Service.
The office of Vocational Guidance
and Placement Service recently an
nounced the following job openings
for mechanical and electrical engi
neers:
1. 8.5., no experience necessary.
Research contract development
work, office in Sunnyvale at West
inghouse plant.
2. Grade 9 and grade 11 mechan
ical engineers for work in Sunny
vale.
For further details contact the
Placement Service.
The office of Vocational Guidance
and Placement Service recently an
nounced the following job openings
for mechanical and electrical engi
neers:
1. 8.5., no experience necessary.
Research contract development
work, office in Sunnyvale at West
inghouse plant.
2. Grade 9 and grade 11 mechan
ical engineers for work in Sunny
vale.
For further details contact the
Placement Service.
The office of Vocational Guidance
and Placement Service recently an
nounced the following job openings
for mechanical and electrical engi
neers:
1. 8.5., no experience necessary.
Research contract development
work, office in Sunnyvale at West
inghouse plant.
2. Grade 9 and grade 11 mechan
ical engineers for work in Sunny
vale.
For further details contact the
Placement Service.
The office of Vocational Guidance
and Placement Service recently an
nounced the following job openings
for mechanical and electrical engi
neers:
1. 8.5., no experience necessary.
Research contract development
work, office in Sunnyvale at West
inghouse plant.
2. Grade 9 and grade 11 mechan
ical engineers for work in Sunny
vale.
For further details contact the
Placement Service.
The office of Vocational Guidance
and Placement Service recently an
nounced the following job openings
for mechanical and electrical engi
neers:
1. 8.5., no experience necessary.
Research contract development
work, office in Sunnyvale at West
inghouse plant.
2. Grade 9 and grade 11 mechan
ical engineers for work in Sunny
vale.
For further details contact the
Placement Service.
