# Summer on the Farm
## 
### 

THAT TERM PAPER! After printing pictures of summer stu
dents enjoying everything from swimming to polo. The
Daily's photographer decided it was high time the poor guy
who had to stay indoors on hot summer days got some at
tention. Therefore he snapped Jerry Grundfest trying to hit
the deadline on his teim paper.

THAT TERM PAPER! After printing pictures of summer stu
dents enjoying everything from swimming to polo. The
Daily's photographer decided it was high time the poor guy
who had to stay indoors on hot summer days got some at
tention. Therefore he snapped Jerry Grundfest trying to hit
the deadline on his teim paper.

THAT TERM PAPER! After printing pictures of summer stu
dents enjoying everything from swimming to polo. The
Daily's photographer decided it was high time the poor guy
who had to stay indoors on hot summer days got some at
tention. Therefore he snapped Jerry Grundfest trying to hit
the deadline on his teim paper.

THAT TERM PAPER! After printing pictures of summer stu
dents enjoying everything from swimming to polo. The
Daily's photographer decided it was high time the poor guy
who had to stay indoors on hot summer days got some at
tention. Therefore he snapped Jerry Grundfest trying to hit
the deadline on his teim paper.

THAT TERM PAPER! After printing pictures of summer stu
dents enjoying everything from swimming to polo. The
Daily's photographer decided it was high time the poor guy
who had to stay indoors on hot summer days got some at
tention. Therefore he snapped Jerry Grundfest trying to hit
the deadline on his teim paper.

THAT TERM PAPER! After printing pictures of summer stu
dents enjoying everything from swimming to polo. The
Daily's photographer decided it was high time the poor guy
who had to stay indoors on hot summer days got some at
tention. Therefore he snapped Jerry Grundfest trying to hit
the deadline on his teim paper.

THAT TERM PAPER! After printing pictures of summer stu
dents enjoying everything from swimming to polo. The
Daily's photographer decided it was high time the poor guy
who had to stay indoors on hot summer days got some at
tention. Therefore he snapped Jerry Grundfest trying to hit
the deadline on his teim paper.

THAT TERM PAPER! After printing pictures of summer stu
dents enjoying everything from swimming to polo. The
Daily's photographer decided it was high time the poor guy
who had to stay indoors on hot summer days got some at
tention. Therefore he snapped Jerry Grundfest trying to hit
the deadline on his teim paper.

THAT TERM PAPER! After printing pictures of summer stu
dents enjoying everything from swimming to polo. The
Daily's photographer decided it was high time the poor guy
who had to stay indoors on hot summer days got some at
tention. Therefore he snapped Jerry Grundfest trying to hit
the deadline on his teim paper.

THAT TERM PAPER! After printing pictures of summer stu
dents enjoying everything from swimming to polo. The
Daily's photographer decided it was high time the poor guy
who had to stay indoors on hot summer days got some at
tention. Therefore he snapped Jerry Grundfest trying to hit
the deadline on his teim paper.

THAT TERM PAPER! After printing pictures of summer stu
dents enjoying everything from swimming to polo. The
Daily's photographer decided it was high time the poor guy
who had to stay indoors on hot summer days got some at
tention. Therefore he snapped Jerry Grundfest trying to hit
the deadline on his teim paper.

THAT TERM PAPER! After printing pictures of summer stu
dents enjoying everything from swimming to polo. The
Daily's photographer decided it was high time the poor guy
who had to stay indoors on hot summer days got some at
tention. Therefore he snapped Jerry Grundfest trying to hit
the deadline on his teim paper.

THAT TERM PAPER! After printing pictures of summer stu
dents enjoying everything from swimming to polo. The
Daily's photographer decided it was high time the poor guy
who had to stay indoors on hot summer days got some at
tention. Therefore he snapped Jerry Grundfest trying to hit
the deadline on his teim paper.

THAT TERM PAPER! After printing pictures of summer stu
dents enjoying everything from swimming to polo. The
Daily's photographer decided it was high time the poor guy
who had to stay indoors on hot summer days got some at
tention. Therefore he snapped Jerry Grundfest trying to hit
the deadline on his teim paper.

THAT TERM PAPER! After printing pictures of summer stu
dents enjoying everything from swimming to polo. The
Daily's photographer decided it was high time the poor guy
who had to stay indoors on hot summer days got some at
tention. Therefore he snapped Jerry Grundfest trying to hit
the deadline on his teim paper.
