# CONFERENCES
## 
### 
Today will wind up the Institute
Jon Manpower Utilization and Gov
ernment Personnel. The Institute is
under the auspices of the Political
Science Department.
Tomorrow will be the last day of
the three - day conference of the
California Society of Certified Pub
lic Accountants. It is under the
auspices oi' the Graduate School of
Business.
Today will wind up the Institute
Jon Manpower Utilization and Gov
ernment Personnel. The Institute is
under the auspices of the Political
Science Department.
Tomorrow will be the last day of
the three - day conference of the
California Society of Certified Pub
lic Accountants. It is under the
auspices oi' the Graduate School of
Business.
Today will wind up the Institute
Jon Manpower Utilization and Gov
ernment Personnel. The Institute is
under the auspices of the Political
Science Department.
Tomorrow will be the last day of
the three - day conference of the
California Society of Certified Pub
lic Accountants. It is under the
auspices oi' the Graduate School of
Business.
Today will wind up the Institute
Jon Manpower Utilization and Gov
ernment Personnel. The Institute is
under the auspices of the Political
Science Department.
Tomorrow will be the last day of
the three - day conference of the
California Society of Certified Pub
lic Accountants. It is under the
auspices oi' the Graduate School of
Business.
Today will wind up the Institute
Jon Manpower Utilization and Gov
ernment Personnel. The Institute is
under the auspices of the Political
Science Department.
Tomorrow will be the last day of
the three - day conference of the
California Society of Certified Pub
lic Accountants. It is under the
auspices oi' the Graduate School of
Business.
Today will wind up the Institute
Jon Manpower Utilization and Gov
ernment Personnel. The Institute is
under the auspices of the Political
Science Department.
Tomorrow will be the last day of
the three - day conference of the
California Society of Certified Pub
lic Accountants. It is under the
auspices oi' the Graduate School of
Business.
Today will wind up the Institute
Jon Manpower Utilization and Gov
ernment Personnel. The Institute is
under the auspices of the Political
Science Department.
Tomorrow will be the last day of
the three - day conference of the
California Society of Certified Pub
lic Accountants. It is under the
auspices oi' the Graduate School of
Business.
Today will wind up the Institute
Jon Manpower Utilization and Gov
ernment Personnel. The Institute is
under the auspices of the Political
Science Department.
Tomorrow will be the last day of
the three - day conference of the
California Society of Certified Pub
lic Accountants. It is under the
auspices oi' the Graduate School of
Business.
Today will wind up the Institute
Jon Manpower Utilization and Gov
ernment Personnel. The Institute is
under the auspices of the Political
Science Department.
Tomorrow will be the last day of
the three - day conference of the
California Society of Certified Pub
lic Accountants. It is under the
auspices oi' the Graduate School of
Business.
Today will wind up the Institute
Jon Manpower Utilization and Gov
ernment Personnel. The Institute is
under the auspices of the Political
Science Department.
Tomorrow will be the last day of
the three - day conference of the
California Society of Certified Pub
lic Accountants. It is under the
auspices oi' the Graduate School of
Business.
Today will wind up the Institute
Jon Manpower Utilization and Gov
ernment Personnel. The Institute is
under the auspices of the Political
Science Department.
Tomorrow will be the last day of
the three - day conference of the
California Society of Certified Pub
lic Accountants. It is under the
auspices oi' the Graduate School of
Business.
Today will wind up the Institute
Jon Manpower Utilization and Gov
ernment Personnel. The Institute is
under the auspices of the Political
Science Department.
Tomorrow will be the last day of
the three - day conference of the
California Society of Certified Pub
lic Accountants. It is under the
auspices oi' the Graduate School of
Business.
Today will wind up the Institute
Jon Manpower Utilization and Gov
ernment Personnel. The Institute is
under the auspices of the Political
Science Department.
Tomorrow will be the last day of
the three - day conference of the
California Society of Certified Pub
lic Accountants. It is under the
auspices oi' the Graduate School of
Business.
Today will wind up the Institute
Jon Manpower Utilization and Gov
ernment Personnel. The Institute is
under the auspices of the Political
Science Department.
Tomorrow will be the last day of
the three - day conference of the
California Society of Certified Pub
lic Accountants. It is under the
auspices oi' the Graduate School of
Business.
Today will wind up the Institute
Jon Manpower Utilization and Gov
ernment Personnel. The Institute is
under the auspices of the Political
Science Department.
Tomorrow will be the last day of
the three - day conference of the
California Society of Certified Pub
lic Accountants. It is under the
auspices oi' the Graduate School of
Business.
