# Last Night's Musical.
## 
### 
Last evening's recital gave much
pleasure to those who heard it.
Professor Genss's playing was full
of brilliancy and vigor, especially
in the " Liszt Rhapsodies" and the
"Chopin Waltz." An attractive
number was "A Night Song" of
Professor Genss's composition. Mr.
Samuels' style is familiar to Stan
ford audiences. His playing last
night was characterized by his us
ual energy and spirit. The " Wi
eniawski " number especially em
phasized the boldness of his bowing
and his striking contrasts of light
and shade. Miss Hermann played
very intelligent and sympathetic
accompaniments.
Last evening's recital gave much
pleasure to those who heard it.
Professor Genss's playing was full
of brilliancy and vigor, especially
in the " Liszt Rhapsodies" and the
"Chopin Waltz." An attractive
number was "A Night Song" of
Professor Genss's composition. Mr.
Samuels' style is familiar to Stan
ford audiences. His playing last
night was characterized by his us
ual energy and spirit. The " Wi
eniawski " number especially em
phasized the boldness of his bowing
and his striking contrasts of light
and shade. Miss Hermann played
very intelligent and sympathetic
accompaniments.
Last evening's recital gave much
pleasure to those who heard it.
Professor Genss's playing was full
of brilliancy and vigor, especially
in the " Liszt Rhapsodies" and the
"Chopin Waltz." An attractive
number was "A Night Song" of
Professor Genss's composition. Mr.
Samuels' style is familiar to Stan
ford audiences. His playing last
night was characterized by his us
ual energy and spirit. The " Wi
eniawski " number especially em
phasized the boldness of his bowing
and his striking contrasts of light
and shade. Miss Hermann played
very intelligent and sympathetic
accompaniments.
Last evening's recital gave much
pleasure to those who heard it.
Professor Genss's playing was full
of brilliancy and vigor, especially
in the " Liszt Rhapsodies" and the
"Chopin Waltz." An attractive
number was "A Night Song" of
Professor Genss's composition. Mr.
Samuels' style is familiar to Stan
ford audiences. His playing last
night was characterized by his us
ual energy and spirit. The " Wi
eniawski " number especially em
phasized the boldness of his bowing
and his striking contrasts of light
and shade. Miss Hermann played
very intelligent and sympathetic
accompaniments.
Last evening's recital gave much
pleasure to those who heard it.
Professor Genss's playing was full
of brilliancy and vigor, especially
in the " Liszt Rhapsodies" and the
"Chopin Waltz." An attractive
number was "A Night Song" of
Professor Genss's composition. Mr.
Samuels' style is familiar to Stan
ford audiences. His playing last
night was characterized by his us
ual energy and spirit. The " Wi
eniawski " number especially em
phasized the boldness of his bowing
and his striking contrasts of light
and shade. Miss Hermann played
very intelligent and sympathetic
accompaniments.
Last evening's recital gave much
pleasure to those who heard it.
Professor Genss's playing was full
of brilliancy and vigor, especially
in the " Liszt Rhapsodies" and the
"Chopin Waltz." An attractive
number was "A Night Song" of
Professor Genss's composition. Mr.
Samuels' style is familiar to Stan
ford audiences. His playing last
night was characterized by his us
ual energy and spirit. The " Wi
eniawski " number especially em
phasized the boldness of his bowing
and his striking contrasts of light
and shade. Miss Hermann played
very intelligent and sympathetic
accompaniments.
Last evening's recital gave much
pleasure to those who heard it.
Professor Genss's playing was full
of brilliancy and vigor, especially
in the " Liszt Rhapsodies" and the
"Chopin Waltz." An attractive
number was "A Night Song" of
Professor Genss's composition. Mr.
Samuels' style is familiar to Stan
ford audiences. His playing last
night was characterized by his us
ual energy and spirit. The " Wi
eniawski " number especially em
phasized the boldness of his bowing
and his striking contrasts of light
and shade. Miss Hermann played
very intelligent and sympathetic
accompaniments.
