# Crossword
## 
### 
ACROSS
1 effort
5 Without
restraint
9" luego"
14 Merrill in movies
15 Microwave
16" Smith and
Jones": 1970s TV
Western
17 List maker
18 Swank's "Amelia"
co-star
19 Stealthy
Easterner
20 Fancy greens
dish
23 Storm hdg.
24 Out of sorts
25 Cloud in Orion
30 Spay or neuter
32 #1 tennis player
for much of the
'Bos
35 "I can help"
36 2012 Ryder Cup
captain Davis
Love
37 News organ?
38 In reverse
position
42 Cross over
45 Be less than
healthy
46 Greek with
lessons
50 Feminist's
concern
5 myrtle: tree or
shrub in the
loosestrife
family
54 Skirmish
55 Where Eth. is
57 Chess pieces
58 Bit of modem
folklore
62 Howled
66 Upscale hotel
chain
67 Without thinking,
with "by"
68 Tequila plant
69 It often involves
steady losses
70 Privy to
71 With 72- and 73-
Across, what this
puzzle does
literally at six
different
intersections
72 See 71-Across
73 See 71-Across

DOWN
1 Supplementary
items
2 He plays Lord
Voldemort in
Harry Potter films
3 Where the
teacher might
casually sit
4 Rajah's wife
5 Guardian, maybe
6 Vegan's morning
meal
7 Cajun staple
8 Stabilizing part
9 "Water Music"
composer
10 Clay, today
11 Offense
12 Atlantic City
casino, with 'The"
13" matter of fact
21 Sly female
22 Musical based on
a comic strip
26 Binge
27 A quarter of
cuatro
28 Mormons, initially
29 Bar option
31 Corrects, as text
33 Instrument in
Schubert's 'Trout
Quintet"

34 conditioning
39 Provocative sort
4 leaf
41 Mother-of-pearl
42 Certain NCO
43 Little, in Lille
44 "Jeopardy!"
ques., really
47 Identical item
48 Summer shoe
style
49 Hanging
51 Gets by

52 Gave one star,
say
56 Moves like a
moth
59 Portend
60 Exiled African
tyrant
61 Dreadful
62 Bit of Lagasse
lingo
63 Turkish title
64 Asian ox
65 First lady?

By Elizabeth A. Long 2/17/11

Wednesday's Puzzle Solved

(c) 2011 Tribune Media Services, Inc. 2/17/11


ACROSS
1 effort
5 Without
restraint
9" luego"
14 Merrill in movies
15 Microwave
16" Smith and
Jones": 1970s TV
Western
17 List maker
18 Swank's "Amelia"
co-star
19 Stealthy
Easterner
20 Fancy greens
dish
23 Storm hdg.
24 Out of sorts
25 Cloud in Orion
30 Spay or neuter
32 #1 tennis player
for much of the
'Bos
35 "I can help"
36 2012 Ryder Cup
captain Davis
Love
37 News organ?
38 In reverse
position
42 Cross over
45 Be less than
healthy
46 Greek with
lessons
50 Feminist's
concern
5 myrtle: tree or
shrub in the
loosestrife
family
54 Skirmish
55 Where Eth. is
57 Chess pieces
58 Bit of modem
folklore
62 Howled
66 Upscale hotel
chain
67 Without thinking,
with "by"
68 Tequila plant
69 It often involves
steady losses
70 Privy to
71 With 72- and 73-
Across, what this
puzzle does
literally at six
different
intersections
72 See 71-Across
73 See 71-Across

DOWN
1 Supplementary
items
2 He plays Lord
Voldemort in
Harry Potter films
3 Where the
teacher might
casually sit
4 Rajah's wife
5 Guardian, maybe
6 Vegan's morning
meal
7 Cajun staple
8 Stabilizing part
9 "Water Music"
composer
10 Clay, today
11 Offense
12 Atlantic City
casino, with 'The"
13" matter of fact
21 Sly female
22 Musical based on
a comic strip
26 Binge
27 A quarter of
cuatro
28 Mormons, initially
29 Bar option
31 Corrects, as text
33 Instrument in
Schubert's 'Trout
Quintet"

34 conditioning
39 Provocative sort
4 leaf
41 Mother-of-pearl
42 Certain NCO
43 Little, in Lille
44 "Jeopardy!"
ques., really
47 Identical item
48 Summer shoe
style
49 Hanging
51 Gets by

52 Gave one star,
say
56 Moves like a
moth
59 Portend
60 Exiled African
tyrant
61 Dreadful
62 Bit of Lagasse
lingo
63 Turkish title
64 Asian ox
65 First lady?

By Elizabeth A. Long 2/17/11

Wednesday's Puzzle Solved

(c) 2011 Tribune Media Services, Inc. 2/17/11


ACROSS
1 effort
5 Without
restraint
9" luego"
14 Merrill in movies
15 Microwave
16" Smith and
Jones": 1970s TV
Western
17 List maker
18 Swank's "Amelia"
co-star
19 Stealthy
Easterner
20 Fancy greens
dish
23 Storm hdg.
24 Out of sorts
25 Cloud in Orion
30 Spay or neuter
32 #1 tennis player
for much of the
'Bos
35 "I can help"
36 2012 Ryder Cup
captain Davis
Love
37 News organ?
38 In reverse
position
42 Cross over
45 Be less than
healthy
46 Greek with
lessons
50 Feminist's
concern
5 myrtle: tree or
shrub in the
loosestrife
family
54 Skirmish
55 Where Eth. is
57 Chess pieces
58 Bit of modem
folklore
62 Howled
66 Upscale hotel
chain
67 Without thinking,
with "by"
68 Tequila plant
69 It often involves
steady losses
70 Privy to
71 With 72- and 73-
Across, what this
puzzle does
literally at six
different
intersections
72 See 71-Across
73 See 71-Across

DOWN
1 Supplementary
items
2 He plays Lord
Voldemort in
Harry Potter films
3 Where the
teacher might
casually sit
4 Rajah's wife
5 Guardian, maybe
6 Vegan's morning
meal
7 Cajun staple
8 Stabilizing part
9 "Water Music"
composer
10 Clay, today
11 Offense
12 Atlantic City
casino, with 'The"
13" matter of fact
21 Sly female
22 Musical based on
a comic strip
26 Binge
27 A quarter of
cuatro
28 Mormons, initially
29 Bar option
31 Corrects, as text
33 Instrument in
Schubert's 'Trout
Quintet"

34 conditioning
39 Provocative sort
4 leaf
41 Mother-of-pearl
42 Certain NCO
43 Little, in Lille
44 "Jeopardy!"
ques., really
47 Identical item
48 Summer shoe
style
49 Hanging
51 Gets by

52 Gave one star,
say
56 Moves like a
moth
59 Portend
60 Exiled African
tyrant
61 Dreadful
62 Bit of Lagasse
lingo
63 Turkish title
64 Asian ox
65 First lady?

By Elizabeth A. Long 2/17/11

Wednesday's Puzzle Solved

(c) 2011 Tribune Media Services, Inc. 2/17/11


ACROSS
1 effort
5 Without
restraint
9" luego"
14 Merrill in movies
15 Microwave
16" Smith and
Jones": 1970s TV
Western
17 List maker
18 Swank's "Amelia"
co-star
19 Stealthy
Easterner
20 Fancy greens
dish
23 Storm hdg.
24 Out of sorts
25 Cloud in Orion
30 Spay or neuter
32 #1 tennis player
for much of the
'Bos
35 "I can help"
36 2012 Ryder Cup
captain Davis
Love
37 News organ?
38 In reverse
position
42 Cross over
45 Be less than
healthy
46 Greek with
lessons
50 Feminist's
concern
5 myrtle: tree or
shrub in the
loosestrife
family
54 Skirmish
55 Where Eth. is
57 Chess pieces
58 Bit of modem
folklore
62 Howled
66 Upscale hotel
chain
67 Without thinking,
with "by"
68 Tequila plant
69 It often involves
steady losses
70 Privy to
71 With 72- and 73-
Across, what this
puzzle does
literally at six
different
intersections
72 See 71-Across
73 See 71-Across

DOWN
1 Supplementary
items
2 He plays Lord
Voldemort in
Harry Potter films
3 Where the
teacher might
casually sit
4 Rajah's wife
5 Guardian, maybe
6 Vegan's morning
meal
7 Cajun staple
8 Stabilizing part
9 "Water Music"
composer
10 Clay, today
11 Offense
12 Atlantic City
casino, with 'The"
13" matter of fact
21 Sly female
22 Musical based on
a comic strip
26 Binge
27 A quarter of
cuatro
28 Mormons, initially
29 Bar option
31 Corrects, as text
33 Instrument in
Schubert's 'Trout
Quintet"

34 conditioning
39 Provocative sort
4 leaf
41 Mother-of-pearl
42 Certain NCO
43 Little, in Lille
44 "Jeopardy!"
ques., really
47 Identical item
48 Summer shoe
style
49 Hanging
51 Gets by

52 Gave one star,
say
56 Moves like a
moth
59 Portend
60 Exiled African
tyrant
61 Dreadful
62 Bit of Lagasse
lingo
63 Turkish title
64 Asian ox
65 First lady?

By Elizabeth A. Long 2/17/11

Wednesday's Puzzle Solved

(c) 2011 Tribune Media Services, Inc. 2/17/11


ACROSS
1 effort
5 Without
restraint
9" luego"
14 Merrill in movies
15 Microwave
16" Smith and
Jones": 1970s TV
Western
17 List maker
18 Swank's "Amelia"
co-star
19 Stealthy
Easterner
20 Fancy greens
dish
23 Storm hdg.
24 Out of sorts
25 Cloud in Orion
30 Spay or neuter
32 #1 tennis player
for much of the
'Bos
35 "I can help"
36 2012 Ryder Cup
captain Davis
Love
37 News organ?
38 In reverse
position
42 Cross over
45 Be less than
healthy
46 Greek with
lessons
50 Feminist's
concern
5 myrtle: tree or
shrub in the
loosestrife
family
54 Skirmish
55 Where Eth. is
57 Chess pieces
58 Bit of modem
folklore
62 Howled
66 Upscale hotel
chain
67 Without thinking,
with "by"
68 Tequila plant
69 It often involves
steady losses
70 Privy to
71 With 72- and 73-
Across, what this
puzzle does
literally at six
different
intersections
72 See 71-Across
73 See 71-Across

DOWN
1 Supplementary
items
2 He plays Lord
Voldemort in
Harry Potter films
3 Where the
teacher might
casually sit
4 Rajah's wife
5 Guardian, maybe
6 Vegan's morning
meal
7 Cajun staple
8 Stabilizing part
9 "Water Music"
composer
10 Clay, today
11 Offense
12 Atlantic City
casino, with 'The"
13" matter of fact
21 Sly female
22 Musical based on
a comic strip
26 Binge
27 A quarter of
cuatro
28 Mormons, initially
29 Bar option
31 Corrects, as text
33 Instrument in
Schubert's 'Trout
Quintet"

34 conditioning
39 Provocative sort
4 leaf
41 Mother-of-pearl
42 Certain NCO
43 Little, in Lille
44 "Jeopardy!"
ques., really
47 Identical item
48 Summer shoe
style
49 Hanging
51 Gets by

52 Gave one star,
say
56 Moves like a
moth
59 Portend
60 Exiled African
tyrant
61 Dreadful
62 Bit of Lagasse
lingo
63 Turkish title
64 Asian ox
65 First lady?

By Elizabeth A. Long 2/17/11

Wednesday's Puzzle Solved

(c) 2011 Tribune Media Services, Inc. 2/17/11


ACROSS
1 effort
5 Without
restraint
9" luego"
14 Merrill in movies
15 Microwave
16" Smith and
Jones": 1970s TV
Western
17 List maker
18 Swank's "Amelia"
co-star
19 Stealthy
Easterner
20 Fancy greens
dish
23 Storm hdg.
24 Out of sorts
25 Cloud in Orion
30 Spay or neuter
32 #1 tennis player
for much of the
'Bos
35 "I can help"
36 2012 Ryder Cup
captain Davis
Love
37 News organ?
38 In reverse
position
42 Cross over
45 Be less than
healthy
46 Greek with
lessons
50 Feminist's
concern
5 myrtle: tree or
shrub in the
loosestrife
family
54 Skirmish
55 Where Eth. is
57 Chess pieces
58 Bit of modem
folklore
62 Howled
66 Upscale hotel
chain
67 Without thinking,
with "by"
68 Tequila plant
69 It often involves
steady losses
70 Privy to
71 With 72- and 73-
Across, what this
puzzle does
literally at six
different
intersections
72 See 71-Across
73 See 71-Across

DOWN
1 Supplementary
items
2 He plays Lord
Voldemort in
Harry Potter films
3 Where the
teacher might
casually sit
4 Rajah's wife
5 Guardian, maybe
6 Vegan's morning
meal
7 Cajun staple
8 Stabilizing part
9 "Water Music"
composer
10 Clay, today
11 Offense
12 Atlantic City
casino, with 'The"
13" matter of fact
21 Sly female
22 Musical based on
a comic strip
26 Binge
27 A quarter of
cuatro
28 Mormons, initially
29 Bar option
31 Corrects, as text
33 Instrument in
Schubert's 'Trout
Quintet"

34 conditioning
39 Provocative sort
4 leaf
41 Mother-of-pearl
42 Certain NCO
43 Little, in Lille
44 "Jeopardy!"
ques., really
47 Identical item
48 Summer shoe
style
49 Hanging
51 Gets by

52 Gave one star,
say
56 Moves like a
moth
59 Portend
60 Exiled African
tyrant
61 Dreadful
62 Bit of Lagasse
lingo
63 Turkish title
64 Asian ox
65 First lady?

By Elizabeth A. Long 2/17/11

Wednesday's Puzzle Solved

(c) 2011 Tribune Media Services, Inc. 2/17/11


ACROSS
1 effort
5 Without
restraint
9" luego"
14 Merrill in movies
15 Microwave
16" Smith and
Jones": 1970s TV
Western
17 List maker
18 Swank's "Amelia"
co-star
19 Stealthy
Easterner
20 Fancy greens
dish
23 Storm hdg.
24 Out of sorts
25 Cloud in Orion
30 Spay or neuter
32 #1 tennis player
for much of the
'Bos
35 "I can help"
36 2012 Ryder Cup
captain Davis
Love
37 News organ?
38 In reverse
position
42 Cross over
45 Be less than
healthy
46 Greek with
lessons
50 Feminist's
concern
5 myrtle: tree or
shrub in the
loosestrife
family
54 Skirmish
55 Where Eth. is
57 Chess pieces
58 Bit of modem
folklore
62 Howled
66 Upscale hotel
chain
67 Without thinking,
with "by"
68 Tequila plant
69 It often involves
steady losses
70 Privy to
71 With 72- and 73-
Across, what this
puzzle does
literally at six
different
intersections
72 See 71-Across
73 See 71-Across

DOWN
1 Supplementary
items
2 He plays Lord
Voldemort in
Harry Potter films
3 Where the
teacher might
casually sit
4 Rajah's wife
5 Guardian, maybe
6 Vegan's morning
meal
7 Cajun staple
8 Stabilizing part
9 "Water Music"
composer
10 Clay, today
11 Offense
12 Atlantic City
casino, with 'The"
13" matter of fact
21 Sly female
22 Musical based on
a comic strip
26 Binge
27 A quarter of
cuatro
28 Mormons, initially
29 Bar option
31 Corrects, as text
33 Instrument in
Schubert's 'Trout
Quintet"

34 conditioning
39 Provocative sort
4 leaf
41 Mother-of-pearl
42 Certain NCO
43 Little, in Lille
44 "Jeopardy!"
ques., really
47 Identical item
48 Summer shoe
style
49 Hanging
51 Gets by

52 Gave one star,
say
56 Moves like a
moth
59 Portend
60 Exiled African
tyrant
61 Dreadful
62 Bit of Lagasse
lingo
63 Turkish title
64 Asian ox
65 First lady?

By Elizabeth A. Long 2/17/11

Wednesday's Puzzle Solved

(c) 2011 Tribune Media Services, Inc. 2/17/11


