# AUTHORS OF 1915 OPERA STRIKE ORIGINAL NOTE
## JUNIOR PLAY DEPARTS FROM FORMER METHODS “The College Prince” Tends Toward Light Opera Rather Than Song and Dance Medley. 
### 
"The College Prince," book and lyr
ics by M. A. Hagen, '15, music by M.
Blumenthal, 'Hi, and Hagen, is rapid
ly being rounded into completion, and
the indications are that it will be
unique among musical plays at Stan
ford.
The purpose of the authors has
been to make the production truly a
light opera. It promises to be a "Ju
nior Opera" in the real sense, rather
than a series of songs and dances
strung together by an excuse in the
form of a plot.
Some of the features of the offering
will be a Japanese chorus, sung in
Japanese, with a Japanese dance gen
uinely imported from the land of
cherry blossoms and wistaria; a
mummy dance and song in which a
number of embalmed ancients revive;
a local song called "My Palo Alto
Pal." Probably the most radiant suc
cess of all will be the work of the
chorus in general.
The second act is laid in a diminu
tive principality in the Abba Jared
mountains of Abyssinia, and offers
many oriental possibilities for spec
tacular display.
The cast is a capable one, from the
minor roles to the leads, and generous
surprises in the form of new talent
are promised. Rehearsals indicate
that the characters have been as
signed to good advantage, and that
the chorus of sixty persons will fill
all obligations to the audience. W.
F. Rochester of the American School
of Opera is coaching the production.
The 1915 Junior Opera will be pro
duced at the Assembly Hall on Thurs
day, March 26.
"The College Prince," book and lyr
ics by M. A. Hagen, '15, music by M.
Blumenthal, 'Hi, and Hagen, is rapid
ly being rounded into completion, and
the indications are that it will be
unique among musical plays at Stan
ford.
The purpose of the authors has
been to make the production truly a
light opera. It promises to be a "Ju
nior Opera" in the real sense, rather
than a series of songs and dances
strung together by an excuse in the
form of a plot.
Some of the features of the offering
will be a Japanese chorus, sung in
Japanese, with a Japanese dance gen
uinely imported from the land of
cherry blossoms and wistaria; a
mummy dance and song in which a
number of embalmed ancients revive;
a local song called "My Palo Alto
Pal." Probably the most radiant suc
cess of all will be the work of the
chorus in general.
The second act is laid in a diminu
tive principality in the Abba Jared
mountains of Abyssinia, and offers
many oriental possibilities for spec
tacular display.
The cast is a capable one, from the
minor roles to the leads, and generous
surprises in the form of new talent
are promised. Rehearsals indicate
that the characters have been as
signed to good advantage, and that
the chorus of sixty persons will fill
all obligations to the audience. W.
F. Rochester of the American School
of Opera is coaching the production.
The 1915 Junior Opera will be pro
duced at the Assembly Hall on Thurs
day, March 26.
"The College Prince," book and lyr
ics by M. A. Hagen, '15, music by M.
Blumenthal, 'Hi, and Hagen, is rapid
ly being rounded into completion, and
the indications are that it will be
unique among musical plays at Stan
ford.
The purpose of the authors has
been to make the production truly a
light opera. It promises to be a "Ju
nior Opera" in the real sense, rather
than a series of songs and dances
strung together by an excuse in the
form of a plot.
Some of the features of the offering
will be a Japanese chorus, sung in
Japanese, with a Japanese dance gen
uinely imported from the land of
cherry blossoms and wistaria; a
mummy dance and song in which a
number of embalmed ancients revive;
a local song called "My Palo Alto
Pal." Probably the most radiant suc
cess of all will be the work of the
chorus in general.
The second act is laid in a diminu
tive principality in the Abba Jared
mountains of Abyssinia, and offers
many oriental possibilities for spec
tacular display.
The cast is a capable one, from the
minor roles to the leads, and generous
surprises in the form of new talent
are promised. Rehearsals indicate
that the characters have been as
signed to good advantage, and that
the chorus of sixty persons will fill
all obligations to the audience. W.
F. Rochester of the American School
of Opera is coaching the production.
The 1915 Junior Opera will be pro
duced at the Assembly Hall on Thurs
day, March 26.
"The College Prince," book and lyr
ics by M. A. Hagen, '15, music by M.
Blumenthal, 'Hi, and Hagen, is rapid
ly being rounded into completion, and
the indications are that it will be
unique among musical plays at Stan
ford.
The purpose of the authors has
been to make the production truly a
light opera. It promises to be a "Ju
nior Opera" in the real sense, rather
than a series of songs and dances
strung together by an excuse in the
form of a plot.
Some of the features of the offering
will be a Japanese chorus, sung in
Japanese, with a Japanese dance gen
uinely imported from the land of
cherry blossoms and wistaria; a
mummy dance and song in which a
number of embalmed ancients revive;
a local song called "My Palo Alto
Pal." Probably the most radiant suc
cess of all will be the work of the
chorus in general.
The second act is laid in a diminu
tive principality in the Abba Jared
mountains of Abyssinia, and offers
many oriental possibilities for spec
tacular display.
The cast is a capable one, from the
minor roles to the leads, and generous
surprises in the form of new talent
are promised. Rehearsals indicate
that the characters have been as
signed to good advantage, and that
the chorus of sixty persons will fill
all obligations to the audience. W.
F. Rochester of the American School
of Opera is coaching the production.
The 1915 Junior Opera will be pro
duced at the Assembly Hall on Thurs
day, March 26.
"The College Prince," book and lyr
ics by M. A. Hagen, '15, music by M.
Blumenthal, 'Hi, and Hagen, is rapid
ly being rounded into completion, and
the indications are that it will be
unique among musical plays at Stan
ford.
The purpose of the authors has
been to make the production truly a
light opera. It promises to be a "Ju
nior Opera" in the real sense, rather
than a series of songs and dances
strung together by an excuse in the
form of a plot.
Some of the features of the offering
will be a Japanese chorus, sung in
Japanese, with a Japanese dance gen
uinely imported from the land of
cherry blossoms and wistaria; a
mummy dance and song in which a
number of embalmed ancients revive;
a local song called "My Palo Alto
Pal." Probably the most radiant suc
cess of all will be the work of the
chorus in general.
The second act is laid in a diminu
tive principality in the Abba Jared
mountains of Abyssinia, and offers
many oriental possibilities for spec
tacular display.
The cast is a capable one, from the
minor roles to the leads, and generous
surprises in the form of new talent
are promised. Rehearsals indicate
that the characters have been as
signed to good advantage, and that
the chorus of sixty persons will fill
all obligations to the audience. W.
F. Rochester of the American School
of Opera is coaching the production.
The 1915 Junior Opera will be pro
duced at the Assembly Hall on Thurs
day, March 26.
"The College Prince," book and lyr
ics by M. A. Hagen, '15, music by M.
Blumenthal, 'Hi, and Hagen, is rapid
ly being rounded into completion, and
the indications are that it will be
unique among musical plays at Stan
ford.
The purpose of the authors has
been to make the production truly a
light opera. It promises to be a "Ju
nior Opera" in the real sense, rather
than a series of songs and dances
strung together by an excuse in the
form of a plot.
Some of the features of the offering
will be a Japanese chorus, sung in
Japanese, with a Japanese dance gen
uinely imported from the land of
cherry blossoms and wistaria; a
mummy dance and song in which a
number of embalmed ancients revive;
a local song called "My Palo Alto
Pal." Probably the most radiant suc
cess of all will be the work of the
chorus in general.
The second act is laid in a diminu
tive principality in the Abba Jared
mountains of Abyssinia, and offers
many oriental possibilities for spec
tacular display.
The cast is a capable one, from the
minor roles to the leads, and generous
surprises in the form of new talent
are promised. Rehearsals indicate
that the characters have been as
signed to good advantage, and that
the chorus of sixty persons will fill
all obligations to the audience. W.
F. Rochester of the American School
of Opera is coaching the production.
The 1915 Junior Opera will be pro
duced at the Assembly Hall on Thurs
day, March 26.
"The College Prince," book and lyr
ics by M. A. Hagen, '15, music by M.
Blumenthal, 'Hi, and Hagen, is rapid
ly being rounded into completion, and
the indications are that it will be
unique among musical plays at Stan
ford.
The purpose of the authors has
been to make the production truly a
light opera. It promises to be a "Ju
nior Opera" in the real sense, rather
than a series of songs and dances
strung together by an excuse in the
form of a plot.
Some of the features of the offering
will be a Japanese chorus, sung in
Japanese, with a Japanese dance gen
uinely imported from the land of
cherry blossoms and wistaria; a
mummy dance and song in which a
number of embalmed ancients revive;
a local song called "My Palo Alto
Pal." Probably the most radiant suc
cess of all will be the work of the
chorus in general.
The second act is laid in a diminu
tive principality in the Abba Jared
mountains of Abyssinia, and offers
many oriental possibilities for spec
tacular display.
The cast is a capable one, from the
minor roles to the leads, and generous
surprises in the form of new talent
are promised. Rehearsals indicate
that the characters have been as
signed to good advantage, and that
the chorus of sixty persons will fill
all obligations to the audience. W.
F. Rochester of the American School
of Opera is coaching the production.
The 1915 Junior Opera will be pro
duced at the Assembly Hall on Thurs
day, March 26.
"The College Prince," book and lyr
ics by M. A. Hagen, '15, music by M.
Blumenthal, 'Hi, and Hagen, is rapid
ly being rounded into completion, and
the indications are that it will be
unique among musical plays at Stan
ford.
The purpose of the authors has
been to make the production truly a
light opera. It promises to be a "Ju
nior Opera" in the real sense, rather
than a series of songs and dances
strung together by an excuse in the
form of a plot.
Some of the features of the offering
will be a Japanese chorus, sung in
Japanese, with a Japanese dance gen
uinely imported from the land of
cherry blossoms and wistaria; a
mummy dance and song in which a
number of embalmed ancients revive;
a local song called "My Palo Alto
Pal." Probably the most radiant suc
cess of all will be the work of the
chorus in general.
The second act is laid in a diminu
tive principality in the Abba Jared
mountains of Abyssinia, and offers
many oriental possibilities for spec
tacular display.
The cast is a capable one, from the
minor roles to the leads, and generous
surprises in the form of new talent
are promised. Rehearsals indicate
that the characters have been as
signed to good advantage, and that
the chorus of sixty persons will fill
all obligations to the audience. W.
F. Rochester of the American School
of Opera is coaching the production.
The 1915 Junior Opera will be pro
duced at the Assembly Hall on Thurs
day, March 26.
"The College Prince," book and lyr
ics by M. A. Hagen, '15, music by M.
Blumenthal, 'Hi, and Hagen, is rapid
ly being rounded into completion, and
the indications are that it will be
unique among musical plays at Stan
ford.
The purpose of the authors has
been to make the production truly a
light opera. It promises to be a "Ju
nior Opera" in the real sense, rather
than a series of songs and dances
strung together by an excuse in the
form of a plot.
Some of the features of the offering
will be a Japanese chorus, sung in
Japanese, with a Japanese dance gen
uinely imported from the land of
cherry blossoms and wistaria; a
mummy dance and song in which a
number of embalmed ancients revive;
a local song called "My Palo Alto
Pal." Probably the most radiant suc
cess of all will be the work of the
chorus in general.
The second act is laid in a diminu
tive principality in the Abba Jared
mountains of Abyssinia, and offers
many oriental possibilities for spec
tacular display.
The cast is a capable one, from the
minor roles to the leads, and generous
surprises in the form of new talent
are promised. Rehearsals indicate
that the characters have been as
signed to good advantage, and that
the chorus of sixty persons will fill
all obligations to the audience. W.
F. Rochester of the American School
of Opera is coaching the production.
The 1915 Junior Opera will be pro
duced at the Assembly Hall on Thurs
day, March 26.
"The College Prince," book and lyr
ics by M. A. Hagen, '15, music by M.
Blumenthal, 'Hi, and Hagen, is rapid
ly being rounded into completion, and
the indications are that it will be
unique among musical plays at Stan
ford.
The purpose of the authors has
been to make the production truly a
light opera. It promises to be a "Ju
nior Opera" in the real sense, rather
than a series of songs and dances
strung together by an excuse in the
form of a plot.
Some of the features of the offering
will be a Japanese chorus, sung in
Japanese, with a Japanese dance gen
uinely imported from the land of
cherry blossoms and wistaria; a
mummy dance and song in which a
number of embalmed ancients revive;
a local song called "My Palo Alto
Pal." Probably the most radiant suc
cess of all will be the work of the
chorus in general.
The second act is laid in a diminu
tive principality in the Abba Jared
mountains of Abyssinia, and offers
many oriental possibilities for spec
tacular display.
The cast is a capable one, from the
minor roles to the leads, and generous
surprises in the form of new talent
are promised. Rehearsals indicate
that the characters have been as
signed to good advantage, and that
the chorus of sixty persons will fill
all obligations to the audience. W.
F. Rochester of the American School
of Opera is coaching the production.
The 1915 Junior Opera will be pro
duced at the Assembly Hall on Thurs
day, March 26.
"The College Prince," book and lyr
ics by M. A. Hagen, '15, music by M.
Blumenthal, 'Hi, and Hagen, is rapid
ly being rounded into completion, and
the indications are that it will be
unique among musical plays at Stan
ford.
The purpose of the authors has
been to make the production truly a
light opera. It promises to be a "Ju
nior Opera" in the real sense, rather
than a series of songs and dances
strung together by an excuse in the
form of a plot.
Some of the features of the offering
will be a Japanese chorus, sung in
Japanese, with a Japanese dance gen
uinely imported from the land of
cherry blossoms and wistaria; a
mummy dance and song in which a
number of embalmed ancients revive;
a local song called "My Palo Alto
Pal." Probably the most radiant suc
cess of all will be the work of the
chorus in general.
The second act is laid in a diminu
tive principality in the Abba Jared
mountains of Abyssinia, and offers
many oriental possibilities for spec
tacular display.
The cast is a capable one, from the
minor roles to the leads, and generous
surprises in the form of new talent
are promised. Rehearsals indicate
that the characters have been as
signed to good advantage, and that
the chorus of sixty persons will fill
all obligations to the audience. W.
F. Rochester of the American School
of Opera is coaching the production.
The 1915 Junior Opera will be pro
duced at the Assembly Hall on Thurs
day, March 26.
"The College Prince," book and lyr
ics by M. A. Hagen, '15, music by M.
Blumenthal, 'Hi, and Hagen, is rapid
ly being rounded into completion, and
the indications are that it will be
unique among musical plays at Stan
ford.
The purpose of the authors has
been to make the production truly a
light opera. It promises to be a "Ju
nior Opera" in the real sense, rather
than a series of songs and dances
strung together by an excuse in the
form of a plot.
Some of the features of the offering
will be a Japanese chorus, sung in
Japanese, with a Japanese dance gen
uinely imported from the land of
cherry blossoms and wistaria; a
mummy dance and song in which a
number of embalmed ancients revive;
a local song called "My Palo Alto
Pal." Probably the most radiant suc
cess of all will be the work of the
chorus in general.
The second act is laid in a diminu
tive principality in the Abba Jared
mountains of Abyssinia, and offers
many oriental possibilities for spec
tacular display.
The cast is a capable one, from the
minor roles to the leads, and generous
surprises in the form of new talent
are promised. Rehearsals indicate
that the characters have been as
signed to good advantage, and that
the chorus of sixty persons will fill
all obligations to the audience. W.
F. Rochester of the American School
of Opera is coaching the production.
The 1915 Junior Opera will be pro
duced at the Assembly Hall on Thurs
day, March 26.
"The College Prince," book and lyr
ics by M. A. Hagen, '15, music by M.
Blumenthal, 'Hi, and Hagen, is rapid
ly being rounded into completion, and
the indications are that it will be
unique among musical plays at Stan
ford.
The purpose of the authors has
been to make the production truly a
light opera. It promises to be a "Ju
nior Opera" in the real sense, rather
than a series of songs and dances
strung together by an excuse in the
form of a plot.
Some of the features of the offering
will be a Japanese chorus, sung in
Japanese, with a Japanese dance gen
uinely imported from the land of
cherry blossoms and wistaria; a
mummy dance and song in which a
number of embalmed ancients revive;
a local song called "My Palo Alto
Pal." Probably the most radiant suc
cess of all will be the work of the
chorus in general.
The second act is laid in a diminu
tive principality in the Abba Jared
mountains of Abyssinia, and offers
many oriental possibilities for spec
tacular display.
The cast is a capable one, from the
minor roles to the leads, and generous
surprises in the form of new talent
are promised. Rehearsals indicate
that the characters have been as
signed to good advantage, and that
the chorus of sixty persons will fill
all obligations to the audience. W.
F. Rochester of the American School
of Opera is coaching the production.
The 1915 Junior Opera will be pro
duced at the Assembly Hall on Thurs
day, March 26.
