# Women To Shoot National Tourney
## 
### 
While women who are interested in
golf, tennis, and intramural contests
here at Stanford, the women archers
are preparing to shoot in a national
contest.
The National Telegraphic Tourna
ment (so called because the winners
are notified by telegraph) will be
sponsored by the National Archers'
Association from May 20 to 27. From
90 to 130 colleges are expected to
compete.
Though colleges all over the United
States are handing in scores, our rep
resentatives will not have to leave
the campus. Each contestant is re
quired to hand in the score of one
Columbia Round. During the tourna
ment she may shoot as many of these
as she likes and hand in her highest
score. The 24 girls handing in the
highest will be divided into three
teams of eight apiece, and the scores
which the teams have already shot
will be sent in to the national contest.
The archery field will be open for
practice from 1 to 3 on Monday
through Wednesday, 2 to 3 on Friday,
and from 10 to 12 on Saturday. Dur
ing the tournament it will be open
at the same times, and entrants may
shoot either then or during their
class time.
