# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The last day that entries will be
accepted for the Irene Hardy Poetry
prize is May 25. Information con
cerning manuscripts should be ob
tained from secretary of the English
department.
The last day that entries will be
accepted for the Irene Hardy Poetry
prize is May 25. Information con
cerning manuscripts should be ob
tained from secretary of the English
department.
The last day that entries will be
accepted for the Irene Hardy Poetry
prize is May 25. Information con
cerning manuscripts should be ob
tained from secretary of the English
department.
The last day that entries will be
accepted for the Irene Hardy Poetry
prize is May 25. Information con
cerning manuscripts should be ob
tained from secretary of the English
department.
The last day that entries will be
accepted for the Irene Hardy Poetry
prize is May 25. Information con
cerning manuscripts should be ob
tained from secretary of the English
department.
The last day that entries will be
accepted for the Irene Hardy Poetry
prize is May 25. Information con
cerning manuscripts should be ob
tained from secretary of the English
department.
The last day that entries will be
accepted for the Irene Hardy Poetry
prize is May 25. Information con
cerning manuscripts should be ob
tained from secretary of the English
department.
The last day that entries will be
accepted for the Irene Hardy Poetry
prize is May 25. Information con
cerning manuscripts should be ob
tained from secretary of the English
department.
The last day that entries will be
accepted for the Irene Hardy Poetry
prize is May 25. Information con
cerning manuscripts should be ob
tained from secretary of the English
department.
The last day that entries will be
accepted for the Irene Hardy Poetry
prize is May 25. Information con
cerning manuscripts should be ob
tained from secretary of the English
department.
The last day that entries will be
accepted for the Irene Hardy Poetry
prize is May 25. Information con
cerning manuscripts should be ob
tained from secretary of the English
department.
The last day that entries will be
accepted for the Irene Hardy Poetry
prize is May 25. Information con
cerning manuscripts should be ob
tained from secretary of the English
department.
The last day that entries will be
accepted for the Irene Hardy Poetry
prize is May 25. Information con
cerning manuscripts should be ob
tained from secretary of the English
department.
The last day that entries will be
accepted for the Irene Hardy Poetry
prize is May 25. Information con
cerning manuscripts should be ob
tained from secretary of the English
department.
The last day that entries will be
accepted for the Irene Hardy Poetry
prize is May 25. Information con
cerning manuscripts should be ob
tained from secretary of the English
department.
