# Adv. 5 Page 2
## 
### 
Latin American Studies Slave Conflict and
Community on the Plantations of Southeastern
Brazil. 1840-1888 " Presented by Professor
Hebe de Castro, Unlversidade Federal Flumi
nense, Brazil Noon at Bolivar House, 582
Alvarado Row
Learn About Other World Religions Join with
members of the Episcopal community to hear
about Islam today and how Christians can
understand other faith perspectives Bring a
bag lunch Noon @ Rm 24, Old Union Club
house
Cross the Line? Stanford Humanists present
an ethics game 7 p.m., Sequoia Room, Tresid
der
Ethics In Society program An Egalitarian Law
of People,' Thomas Pogge, Columbia Universi-
Latin American Studies Slave Conflict and
Community on the Plantations of Southeastern
Brazil. 1840-1888 " Presented by Professor
Hebe de Castro, Unlversidade Federal Flumi
nense, Brazil Noon at Bolivar House, 582
Alvarado Row
Learn About Other World Religions Join with
members of the Episcopal community to hear
about Islam today and how Christians can
understand other faith perspectives Bring a
bag lunch Noon @ Rm 24, Old Union Club
house
Cross the Line? Stanford Humanists present
an ethics game 7 p.m., Sequoia Room, Tresid
der
Ethics In Society program An Egalitarian Law
of People,' Thomas Pogge, Columbia Universi-
Latin American Studies Slave Conflict and
Community on the Plantations of Southeastern
Brazil. 1840-1888 " Presented by Professor
Hebe de Castro, Unlversidade Federal Flumi
nense, Brazil Noon at Bolivar House, 582
Alvarado Row
Learn About Other World Religions Join with
members of the Episcopal community to hear
about Islam today and how Christians can
understand other faith perspectives Bring a
bag lunch Noon @ Rm 24, Old Union Club
house
Cross the Line? Stanford Humanists present
an ethics game 7 p.m., Sequoia Room, Tresid
der
Ethics In Society program An Egalitarian Law
of People,' Thomas Pogge, Columbia Universi-
Latin American Studies Slave Conflict and
Community on the Plantations of Southeastern
Brazil. 1840-1888 " Presented by Professor
Hebe de Castro, Unlversidade Federal Flumi
nense, Brazil Noon at Bolivar House, 582
Alvarado Row
Learn About Other World Religions Join with
members of the Episcopal community to hear
about Islam today and how Christians can
understand other faith perspectives Bring a
bag lunch Noon @ Rm 24, Old Union Club
house
Cross the Line? Stanford Humanists present
an ethics game 7 p.m., Sequoia Room, Tresid
der
Ethics In Society program An Egalitarian Law
of People,' Thomas Pogge, Columbia Universi-
Latin American Studies Slave Conflict and
Community on the Plantations of Southeastern
Brazil. 1840-1888 " Presented by Professor
Hebe de Castro, Unlversidade Federal Flumi
nense, Brazil Noon at Bolivar House, 582
Alvarado Row
Learn About Other World Religions Join with
members of the Episcopal community to hear
about Islam today and how Christians can
understand other faith perspectives Bring a
bag lunch Noon @ Rm 24, Old Union Club
house
Cross the Line? Stanford Humanists present
an ethics game 7 p.m., Sequoia Room, Tresid
der
Ethics In Society program An Egalitarian Law
of People,' Thomas Pogge, Columbia Universi-
Latin American Studies Slave Conflict and
Community on the Plantations of Southeastern
Brazil. 1840-1888 " Presented by Professor
Hebe de Castro, Unlversidade Federal Flumi
nense, Brazil Noon at Bolivar House, 582
Alvarado Row
Learn About Other World Religions Join with
members of the Episcopal community to hear
about Islam today and how Christians can
understand other faith perspectives Bring a
bag lunch Noon @ Rm 24, Old Union Club
house
Cross the Line? Stanford Humanists present
an ethics game 7 p.m., Sequoia Room, Tresid
der
Ethics In Society program An Egalitarian Law
of People,' Thomas Pogge, Columbia Universi-
Latin American Studies Slave Conflict and
Community on the Plantations of Southeastern
Brazil. 1840-1888 " Presented by Professor
Hebe de Castro, Unlversidade Federal Flumi
nense, Brazil Noon at Bolivar House, 582
Alvarado Row
Learn About Other World Religions Join with
members of the Episcopal community to hear
about Islam today and how Christians can
understand other faith perspectives Bring a
bag lunch Noon @ Rm 24, Old Union Club
house
Cross the Line? Stanford Humanists present
an ethics game 7 p.m., Sequoia Room, Tresid
der
Ethics In Society program An Egalitarian Law
of People,' Thomas Pogge, Columbia Universi-
