# PROFESSORS TERMAN, MILES CONDUCT NEW PSYCHOLOGICAL TEST
## 
### 
A new experiment in psychological
observation is to be conducted by
Professors Walter R. Miles and Lewis
M. Terrnan of tlie Psychology Depart
ment. According to Professor Miles,
practically all psychological tests
have been given to young people. He
and Professor Terman are planning
to test the capabilities of those past
middle age.
"Statistics show that the span of
life is constantly increasing and we
propose to discover whether or not
the span of usefulness and capability
is not lengthening likewise. We have
grounds for believing that the real
psychological difference between
youth and old age lies not in their
respective capabilities, but in their
motivation or enthusiasm," declared
Professor Miles.
During their extensive research on
this subject, Professors Miles and
Terman will be financially aided by a
grant of $10,000 from the Carnegie
Foundation.
A new experiment in psychological
observation is to be conducted by
Professors Walter R. Miles and Lewis
M. Terrnan of tlie Psychology Depart
ment. According to Professor Miles,
practically all psychological tests
have been given to young people. He
and Professor Terman are planning
to test the capabilities of those past
middle age.
"Statistics show that the span of
life is constantly increasing and we
propose to discover whether or not
the span of usefulness and capability
is not lengthening likewise. We have
grounds for believing that the real
psychological difference between
youth and old age lies not in their
respective capabilities, but in their
motivation or enthusiasm," declared
Professor Miles.
During their extensive research on
this subject, Professors Miles and
Terman will be financially aided by a
grant of $10,000 from the Carnegie
Foundation.
A new experiment in psychological
observation is to be conducted by
Professors Walter R. Miles and Lewis
M. Terrnan of tlie Psychology Depart
ment. According to Professor Miles,
practically all psychological tests
have been given to young people. He
and Professor Terman are planning
to test the capabilities of those past
middle age.
"Statistics show that the span of
life is constantly increasing and we
propose to discover whether or not
the span of usefulness and capability
is not lengthening likewise. We have
grounds for believing that the real
psychological difference between
youth and old age lies not in their
respective capabilities, but in their
motivation or enthusiasm," declared
Professor Miles.
During their extensive research on
this subject, Professors Miles and
Terman will be financially aided by a
grant of $10,000 from the Carnegie
Foundation.
A new experiment in psychological
observation is to be conducted by
Professors Walter R. Miles and Lewis
M. Terrnan of tlie Psychology Depart
ment. According to Professor Miles,
practically all psychological tests
have been given to young people. He
and Professor Terman are planning
to test the capabilities of those past
middle age.
"Statistics show that the span of
life is constantly increasing and we
propose to discover whether or not
the span of usefulness and capability
is not lengthening likewise. We have
grounds for believing that the real
psychological difference between
youth and old age lies not in their
respective capabilities, but in their
motivation or enthusiasm," declared
Professor Miles.
During their extensive research on
this subject, Professors Miles and
Terman will be financially aided by a
grant of $10,000 from the Carnegie
Foundation.
A new experiment in psychological
observation is to be conducted by
Professors Walter R. Miles and Lewis
M. Terrnan of tlie Psychology Depart
ment. According to Professor Miles,
practically all psychological tests
have been given to young people. He
and Professor Terman are planning
to test the capabilities of those past
middle age.
"Statistics show that the span of
life is constantly increasing and we
propose to discover whether or not
the span of usefulness and capability
is not lengthening likewise. We have
grounds for believing that the real
psychological difference between
youth and old age lies not in their
respective capabilities, but in their
motivation or enthusiasm," declared
Professor Miles.
During their extensive research on
this subject, Professors Miles and
Terman will be financially aided by a
grant of $10,000 from the Carnegie
Foundation.
A new experiment in psychological
observation is to be conducted by
Professors Walter R. Miles and Lewis
M. Terrnan of tlie Psychology Depart
ment. According to Professor Miles,
practically all psychological tests
have been given to young people. He
and Professor Terman are planning
to test the capabilities of those past
middle age.
"Statistics show that the span of
life is constantly increasing and we
propose to discover whether or not
the span of usefulness and capability
is not lengthening likewise. We have
grounds for believing that the real
psychological difference between
youth and old age lies not in their
respective capabilities, but in their
motivation or enthusiasm," declared
Professor Miles.
During their extensive research on
this subject, Professors Miles and
Terman will be financially aided by a
grant of $10,000 from the Carnegie
Foundation.
A new experiment in psychological
observation is to be conducted by
Professors Walter R. Miles and Lewis
M. Terrnan of tlie Psychology Depart
ment. According to Professor Miles,
practically all psychological tests
have been given to young people. He
and Professor Terman are planning
to test the capabilities of those past
middle age.
"Statistics show that the span of
life is constantly increasing and we
propose to discover whether or not
the span of usefulness and capability
is not lengthening likewise. We have
grounds for believing that the real
psychological difference between
youth and old age lies not in their
respective capabilities, but in their
motivation or enthusiasm," declared
Professor Miles.
During their extensive research on
this subject, Professors Miles and
Terman will be financially aided by a
grant of $10,000 from the Carnegie
Foundation.
A new experiment in psychological
observation is to be conducted by
Professors Walter R. Miles and Lewis
M. Terrnan of tlie Psychology Depart
ment. According to Professor Miles,
practically all psychological tests
have been given to young people. He
and Professor Terman are planning
to test the capabilities of those past
middle age.
"Statistics show that the span of
life is constantly increasing and we
propose to discover whether or not
the span of usefulness and capability
is not lengthening likewise. We have
grounds for believing that the real
psychological difference between
youth and old age lies not in their
respective capabilities, but in their
motivation or enthusiasm," declared
Professor Miles.
During their extensive research on
this subject, Professors Miles and
Terman will be financially aided by a
grant of $10,000 from the Carnegie
Foundation.
A new experiment in psychological
observation is to be conducted by
Professors Walter R. Miles and Lewis
M. Terrnan of tlie Psychology Depart
ment. According to Professor Miles,
practically all psychological tests
have been given to young people. He
and Professor Terman are planning
to test the capabilities of those past
middle age.
"Statistics show that the span of
life is constantly increasing and we
propose to discover whether or not
the span of usefulness and capability
is not lengthening likewise. We have
grounds for believing that the real
psychological difference between
youth and old age lies not in their
respective capabilities, but in their
motivation or enthusiasm," declared
Professor Miles.
During their extensive research on
this subject, Professors Miles and
Terman will be financially aided by a
grant of $10,000 from the Carnegie
Foundation.
A new experiment in psychological
observation is to be conducted by
Professors Walter R. Miles and Lewis
M. Terrnan of tlie Psychology Depart
ment. According to Professor Miles,
practically all psychological tests
have been given to young people. He
and Professor Terman are planning
to test the capabilities of those past
middle age.
"Statistics show that the span of
life is constantly increasing and we
propose to discover whether or not
the span of usefulness and capability
is not lengthening likewise. We have
grounds for believing that the real
psychological difference between
youth and old age lies not in their
respective capabilities, but in their
motivation or enthusiasm," declared
Professor Miles.
During their extensive research on
this subject, Professors Miles and
Terman will be financially aided by a
grant of $10,000 from the Carnegie
Foundation.
A new experiment in psychological
observation is to be conducted by
Professors Walter R. Miles and Lewis
M. Terrnan of tlie Psychology Depart
ment. According to Professor Miles,
practically all psychological tests
have been given to young people. He
and Professor Terman are planning
to test the capabilities of those past
middle age.
"Statistics show that the span of
life is constantly increasing and we
propose to discover whether or not
the span of usefulness and capability
is not lengthening likewise. We have
grounds for believing that the real
psychological difference between
youth and old age lies not in their
respective capabilities, but in their
motivation or enthusiasm," declared
Professor Miles.
During their extensive research on
this subject, Professors Miles and
Terman will be financially aided by a
grant of $10,000 from the Carnegie
Foundation.
A new experiment in psychological
observation is to be conducted by
Professors Walter R. Miles and Lewis
M. Terrnan of tlie Psychology Depart
ment. According to Professor Miles,
practically all psychological tests
have been given to young people. He
and Professor Terman are planning
to test the capabilities of those past
middle age.
"Statistics show that the span of
life is constantly increasing and we
propose to discover whether or not
the span of usefulness and capability
is not lengthening likewise. We have
grounds for believing that the real
psychological difference between
youth and old age lies not in their
respective capabilities, but in their
motivation or enthusiasm," declared
Professor Miles.
During their extensive research on
this subject, Professors Miles and
Terman will be financially aided by a
grant of $10,000 from the Carnegie
Foundation.
A new experiment in psychological
observation is to be conducted by
Professors Walter R. Miles and Lewis
M. Terrnan of tlie Psychology Depart
ment. According to Professor Miles,
practically all psychological tests
have been given to young people. He
and Professor Terman are planning
to test the capabilities of those past
middle age.
"Statistics show that the span of
life is constantly increasing and we
propose to discover whether or not
the span of usefulness and capability
is not lengthening likewise. We have
grounds for believing that the real
psychological difference between
youth and old age lies not in their
respective capabilities, but in their
motivation or enthusiasm," declared
Professor Miles.
During their extensive research on
this subject, Professors Miles and
Terman will be financially aided by a
grant of $10,000 from the Carnegie
Foundation.
A new experiment in psychological
observation is to be conducted by
Professors Walter R. Miles and Lewis
M. Terrnan of tlie Psychology Depart
ment. According to Professor Miles,
practically all psychological tests
have been given to young people. He
and Professor Terman are planning
to test the capabilities of those past
middle age.
"Statistics show that the span of
life is constantly increasing and we
propose to discover whether or not
the span of usefulness and capability
is not lengthening likewise. We have
grounds for believing that the real
psychological difference between
youth and old age lies not in their
respective capabilities, but in their
motivation or enthusiasm," declared
Professor Miles.
During their extensive research on
this subject, Professors Miles and
Terman will be financially aided by a
grant of $10,000 from the Carnegie
Foundation.
A new experiment in psychological
observation is to be conducted by
Professors Walter R. Miles and Lewis
M. Terrnan of tlie Psychology Depart
ment. According to Professor Miles,
practically all psychological tests
have been given to young people. He
and Professor Terman are planning
to test the capabilities of those past
middle age.
"Statistics show that the span of
life is constantly increasing and we
propose to discover whether or not
the span of usefulness and capability
is not lengthening likewise. We have
grounds for believing that the real
psychological difference between
youth and old age lies not in their
respective capabilities, but in their
motivation or enthusiasm," declared
Professor Miles.
During their extensive research on
this subject, Professors Miles and
Terman will be financially aided by a
grant of $10,000 from the Carnegie
Foundation.
A new experiment in psychological
observation is to be conducted by
Professors Walter R. Miles and Lewis
M. Terrnan of tlie Psychology Depart
ment. According to Professor Miles,
practically all psychological tests
have been given to young people. He
and Professor Terman are planning
to test the capabilities of those past
middle age.
"Statistics show that the span of
life is constantly increasing and we
propose to discover whether or not
the span of usefulness and capability
is not lengthening likewise. We have
grounds for believing that the real
psychological difference between
youth and old age lies not in their
respective capabilities, but in their
motivation or enthusiasm," declared
Professor Miles.
During their extensive research on
this subject, Professors Miles and
Terman will be financially aided by a
grant of $10,000 from the Carnegie
Foundation.
A new experiment in psychological
observation is to be conducted by
Professors Walter R. Miles and Lewis
M. Terrnan of tlie Psychology Depart
ment. According to Professor Miles,
practically all psychological tests
have been given to young people. He
and Professor Terman are planning
to test the capabilities of those past
middle age.
"Statistics show that the span of
life is constantly increasing and we
propose to discover whether or not
the span of usefulness and capability
is not lengthening likewise. We have
grounds for believing that the real
psychological difference between
youth and old age lies not in their
respective capabilities, but in their
motivation or enthusiasm," declared
Professor Miles.
During their extensive research on
this subject, Professors Miles and
Terman will be financially aided by a
grant of $10,000 from the Carnegie
Foundation.
