# Untitled Article
## 
### 
"The new Perfume —Flora Dora —is
delightful—try it —a few drops on the
handkerchief is sufficient —sold only
by Weingartner Drug C 0.," read an
advertisement.
"The new Perfume —Flora Dora —is
delightful—try it —a few drops on the
handkerchief is sufficient —sold only
by Weingartner Drug C 0.," read an
advertisement.
"The new Perfume —Flora Dora —is
delightful—try it —a few drops on the
handkerchief is sufficient —sold only
by Weingartner Drug C 0.," read an
advertisement.
"The new Perfume —Flora Dora —is
delightful—try it —a few drops on the
handkerchief is sufficient —sold only
by Weingartner Drug C 0.," read an
advertisement.
"The new Perfume —Flora Dora —is
delightful—try it —a few drops on the
handkerchief is sufficient —sold only
by Weingartner Drug C 0.," read an
advertisement.
"The new Perfume —Flora Dora —is
delightful—try it —a few drops on the
handkerchief is sufficient —sold only
by Weingartner Drug C 0.," read an
advertisement.
"The new Perfume —Flora Dora —is
delightful—try it —a few drops on the
handkerchief is sufficient —sold only
by Weingartner Drug C 0.," read an
advertisement.
"The new Perfume —Flora Dora —is
delightful—try it —a few drops on the
handkerchief is sufficient —sold only
by Weingartner Drug C 0.," read an
advertisement.
"The new Perfume —Flora Dora —is
delightful—try it —a few drops on the
handkerchief is sufficient —sold only
by Weingartner Drug C 0.," read an
advertisement.
"The new Perfume —Flora Dora —is
delightful—try it —a few drops on the
handkerchief is sufficient —sold only
by Weingartner Drug C 0.," read an
advertisement.
"The new Perfume —Flora Dora —is
delightful—try it —a few drops on the
handkerchief is sufficient —sold only
by Weingartner Drug C 0.," read an
advertisement.
"The new Perfume —Flora Dora —is
delightful—try it —a few drops on the
handkerchief is sufficient —sold only
by Weingartner Drug C 0.," read an
advertisement.
"The new Perfume —Flora Dora —is
delightful—try it —a few drops on the
handkerchief is sufficient —sold only
by Weingartner Drug C 0.," read an
advertisement.
"The new Perfume —Flora Dora —is
delightful—try it —a few drops on the
handkerchief is sufficient —sold only
by Weingartner Drug C 0.," read an
advertisement.
"The new Perfume —Flora Dora —is
delightful—try it —a few drops on the
handkerchief is sufficient —sold only
by Weingartner Drug C 0.," read an
advertisement.
"The new Perfume —Flora Dora —is
delightful—try it —a few drops on the
handkerchief is sufficient —sold only
by Weingartner Drug C 0.," read an
advertisement.
"The new Perfume —Flora Dora —is
delightful—try it —a few drops on the
handkerchief is sufficient —sold only
by Weingartner Drug C 0.," read an
advertisement.
