# TWENTY-FIVE YEARS AGO TODAY AT STANFORD...
## 
### 
At varsity football practice on Octo
ber 18, 1904, appeared three freshman
aspirants to the team, Kenneth L.
Fenton, H. L. Horton, and A. Toma
sini. Horton and Tomasini were
tackles and Fenton, a quarterback.
After practice, however, Fenton de
cided to discontinue practice.
In those days it was legal for fresh
men to play on the varsity after the
last freshman game of the year. All
three men, especially Fenton, were
distinguished by their playing in the
"Little Big Game" which had been
played three days previous on Octo
ber 15.
At varsity football practice on Octo
ber 18, 1904, appeared three freshman
aspirants to the team, Kenneth L.
Fenton, H. L. Horton, and A. Toma
sini. Horton and Tomasini were
tackles and Fenton, a quarterback.
After practice, however, Fenton de
cided to discontinue practice.
In those days it was legal for fresh
men to play on the varsity after the
last freshman game of the year. All
three men, especially Fenton, were
distinguished by their playing in the
"Little Big Game" which had been
played three days previous on Octo
ber 15.
At varsity football practice on Octo
ber 18, 1904, appeared three freshman
aspirants to the team, Kenneth L.
Fenton, H. L. Horton, and A. Toma
sini. Horton and Tomasini were
tackles and Fenton, a quarterback.
After practice, however, Fenton de
cided to discontinue practice.
In those days it was legal for fresh
men to play on the varsity after the
last freshman game of the year. All
three men, especially Fenton, were
distinguished by their playing in the
"Little Big Game" which had been
played three days previous on Octo
ber 15.
At varsity football practice on Octo
ber 18, 1904, appeared three freshman
aspirants to the team, Kenneth L.
Fenton, H. L. Horton, and A. Toma
sini. Horton and Tomasini were
tackles and Fenton, a quarterback.
After practice, however, Fenton de
cided to discontinue practice.
In those days it was legal for fresh
men to play on the varsity after the
last freshman game of the year. All
three men, especially Fenton, were
distinguished by their playing in the
"Little Big Game" which had been
played three days previous on Octo
ber 15.
At varsity football practice on Octo
ber 18, 1904, appeared three freshman
aspirants to the team, Kenneth L.
Fenton, H. L. Horton, and A. Toma
sini. Horton and Tomasini were
tackles and Fenton, a quarterback.
After practice, however, Fenton de
cided to discontinue practice.
In those days it was legal for fresh
men to play on the varsity after the
last freshman game of the year. All
three men, especially Fenton, were
distinguished by their playing in the
"Little Big Game" which had been
played three days previous on Octo
ber 15.
At varsity football practice on Octo
ber 18, 1904, appeared three freshman
aspirants to the team, Kenneth L.
Fenton, H. L. Horton, and A. Toma
sini. Horton and Tomasini were
tackles and Fenton, a quarterback.
After practice, however, Fenton de
cided to discontinue practice.
In those days it was legal for fresh
men to play on the varsity after the
last freshman game of the year. All
three men, especially Fenton, were
distinguished by their playing in the
"Little Big Game" which had been
played three days previous on Octo
ber 15.
At varsity football practice on Octo
ber 18, 1904, appeared three freshman
aspirants to the team, Kenneth L.
Fenton, H. L. Horton, and A. Toma
sini. Horton and Tomasini were
tackles and Fenton, a quarterback.
After practice, however, Fenton de
cided to discontinue practice.
In those days it was legal for fresh
men to play on the varsity after the
last freshman game of the year. All
three men, especially Fenton, were
distinguished by their playing in the
"Little Big Game" which had been
played three days previous on Octo
ber 15.
At varsity football practice on Octo
ber 18, 1904, appeared three freshman
aspirants to the team, Kenneth L.
Fenton, H. L. Horton, and A. Toma
sini. Horton and Tomasini were
tackles and Fenton, a quarterback.
After practice, however, Fenton de
cided to discontinue practice.
In those days it was legal for fresh
men to play on the varsity after the
last freshman game of the year. All
three men, especially Fenton, were
distinguished by their playing in the
"Little Big Game" which had been
played three days previous on Octo
ber 15.
At varsity football practice on Octo
ber 18, 1904, appeared three freshman
aspirants to the team, Kenneth L.
Fenton, H. L. Horton, and A. Toma
sini. Horton and Tomasini were
tackles and Fenton, a quarterback.
After practice, however, Fenton de
cided to discontinue practice.
In those days it was legal for fresh
men to play on the varsity after the
last freshman game of the year. All
three men, especially Fenton, were
distinguished by their playing in the
"Little Big Game" which had been
played three days previous on Octo
ber 15.
At varsity football practice on Octo
ber 18, 1904, appeared three freshman
aspirants to the team, Kenneth L.
Fenton, H. L. Horton, and A. Toma
sini. Horton and Tomasini were
tackles and Fenton, a quarterback.
After practice, however, Fenton de
cided to discontinue practice.
In those days it was legal for fresh
men to play on the varsity after the
last freshman game of the year. All
three men, especially Fenton, were
distinguished by their playing in the
"Little Big Game" which had been
played three days previous on Octo
ber 15.
At varsity football practice on Octo
ber 18, 1904, appeared three freshman
aspirants to the team, Kenneth L.
Fenton, H. L. Horton, and A. Toma
sini. Horton and Tomasini were
tackles and Fenton, a quarterback.
After practice, however, Fenton de
cided to discontinue practice.
In those days it was legal for fresh
men to play on the varsity after the
last freshman game of the year. All
three men, especially Fenton, were
distinguished by their playing in the
"Little Big Game" which had been
played three days previous on Octo
ber 15.
At varsity football practice on Octo
ber 18, 1904, appeared three freshman
aspirants to the team, Kenneth L.
Fenton, H. L. Horton, and A. Toma
sini. Horton and Tomasini were
tackles and Fenton, a quarterback.
After practice, however, Fenton de
cided to discontinue practice.
In those days it was legal for fresh
men to play on the varsity after the
last freshman game of the year. All
three men, especially Fenton, were
distinguished by their playing in the
"Little Big Game" which had been
played three days previous on Octo
ber 15.
At varsity football practice on Octo
ber 18, 1904, appeared three freshman
aspirants to the team, Kenneth L.
Fenton, H. L. Horton, and A. Toma
sini. Horton and Tomasini were
tackles and Fenton, a quarterback.
After practice, however, Fenton de
cided to discontinue practice.
In those days it was legal for fresh
men to play on the varsity after the
last freshman game of the year. All
three men, especially Fenton, were
distinguished by their playing in the
"Little Big Game" which had been
played three days previous on Octo
ber 15.
At varsity football practice on Octo
ber 18, 1904, appeared three freshman
aspirants to the team, Kenneth L.
Fenton, H. L. Horton, and A. Toma
sini. Horton and Tomasini were
tackles and Fenton, a quarterback.
After practice, however, Fenton de
cided to discontinue practice.
In those days it was legal for fresh
men to play on the varsity after the
last freshman game of the year. All
three men, especially Fenton, were
distinguished by their playing in the
"Little Big Game" which had been
played three days previous on Octo
ber 15.
At varsity football practice on Octo
ber 18, 1904, appeared three freshman
aspirants to the team, Kenneth L.
Fenton, H. L. Horton, and A. Toma
sini. Horton and Tomasini were
tackles and Fenton, a quarterback.
After practice, however, Fenton de
cided to discontinue practice.
In those days it was legal for fresh
men to play on the varsity after the
last freshman game of the year. All
three men, especially Fenton, were
distinguished by their playing in the
"Little Big Game" which had been
played three days previous on Octo
ber 15.
At varsity football practice on Octo
ber 18, 1904, appeared three freshman
aspirants to the team, Kenneth L.
Fenton, H. L. Horton, and A. Toma
sini. Horton and Tomasini were
tackles and Fenton, a quarterback.
After practice, however, Fenton de
cided to discontinue practice.
In those days it was legal for fresh
men to play on the varsity after the
last freshman game of the year. All
three men, especially Fenton, were
distinguished by their playing in the
"Little Big Game" which had been
played three days previous on Octo
ber 15.
At varsity football practice on Octo
ber 18, 1904, appeared three freshman
aspirants to the team, Kenneth L.
Fenton, H. L. Horton, and A. Toma
sini. Horton and Tomasini were
tackles and Fenton, a quarterback.
After practice, however, Fenton de
cided to discontinue practice.
In those days it was legal for fresh
men to play on the varsity after the
last freshman game of the year. All
three men, especially Fenton, were
distinguished by their playing in the
"Little Big Game" which had been
played three days previous on Octo
ber 15.
