# Bodle Leaves To Speak At S.C. Good Will Assembly
## 
### 
George Bcdle, vice-president of the
A.S.S.U., left last night for Los An
geles to speak in the annual Stanford-
U.S.C. good-will assembly this morn
ing. He takes the place of Stanford
Steinbeck, president of the A.S.S.U.,
who is busy here working out with the
football team.
George Bcdle, vice-president of the
A.S.S.U., left last night for Los An
geles to speak in the annual Stanford-
U.S.C. good-will assembly this morn
ing. He takes the place of Stanford
Steinbeck, president of the A.S.S.U.,
who is busy here working out with the
football team.
George Bcdle, vice-president of the
A.S.S.U., left last night for Los An
geles to speak in the annual Stanford-
U.S.C. good-will assembly this morn
ing. He takes the place of Stanford
Steinbeck, president of the A.S.S.U.,
who is busy here working out with the
football team.
George Bcdle, vice-president of the
A.S.S.U., left last night for Los An
geles to speak in the annual Stanford-
U.S.C. good-will assembly this morn
ing. He takes the place of Stanford
Steinbeck, president of the A.S.S.U.,
who is busy here working out with the
football team.
George Bcdle, vice-president of the
A.S.S.U., left last night for Los An
geles to speak in the annual Stanford-
U.S.C. good-will assembly this morn
ing. He takes the place of Stanford
Steinbeck, president of the A.S.S.U.,
who is busy here working out with the
football team.
George Bcdle, vice-president of the
A.S.S.U., left last night for Los An
geles to speak in the annual Stanford-
U.S.C. good-will assembly this morn
ing. He takes the place of Stanford
Steinbeck, president of the A.S.S.U.,
who is busy here working out with the
football team.
George Bcdle, vice-president of the
A.S.S.U., left last night for Los An
geles to speak in the annual Stanford-
U.S.C. good-will assembly this morn
ing. He takes the place of Stanford
Steinbeck, president of the A.S.S.U.,
who is busy here working out with the
football team.
George Bcdle, vice-president of the
A.S.S.U., left last night for Los An
geles to speak in the annual Stanford-
U.S.C. good-will assembly this morn
ing. He takes the place of Stanford
Steinbeck, president of the A.S.S.U.,
who is busy here working out with the
football team.
George Bcdle, vice-president of the
A.S.S.U., left last night for Los An
geles to speak in the annual Stanford-
U.S.C. good-will assembly this morn
ing. He takes the place of Stanford
Steinbeck, president of the A.S.S.U.,
who is busy here working out with the
football team.
George Bcdle, vice-president of the
A.S.S.U., left last night for Los An
geles to speak in the annual Stanford-
U.S.C. good-will assembly this morn
ing. He takes the place of Stanford
Steinbeck, president of the A.S.S.U.,
who is busy here working out with the
football team.
George Bcdle, vice-president of the
A.S.S.U., left last night for Los An
geles to speak in the annual Stanford-
U.S.C. good-will assembly this morn
ing. He takes the place of Stanford
Steinbeck, president of the A.S.S.U.,
who is busy here working out with the
football team.
George Bcdle, vice-president of the
A.S.S.U., left last night for Los An
geles to speak in the annual Stanford-
U.S.C. good-will assembly this morn
ing. He takes the place of Stanford
Steinbeck, president of the A.S.S.U.,
who is busy here working out with the
football team.
George Bcdle, vice-president of the
A.S.S.U., left last night for Los An
geles to speak in the annual Stanford-
U.S.C. good-will assembly this morn
ing. He takes the place of Stanford
Steinbeck, president of the A.S.S.U.,
who is busy here working out with the
football team.
George Bcdle, vice-president of the
A.S.S.U., left last night for Los An
geles to speak in the annual Stanford-
U.S.C. good-will assembly this morn
ing. He takes the place of Stanford
Steinbeck, president of the A.S.S.U.,
who is busy here working out with the
football team.
George Bcdle, vice-president of the
A.S.S.U., left last night for Los An
geles to speak in the annual Stanford-
U.S.C. good-will assembly this morn
ing. He takes the place of Stanford
Steinbeck, president of the A.S.S.U.,
who is busy here working out with the
football team.
George Bcdle, vice-president of the
A.S.S.U., left last night for Los An
geles to speak in the annual Stanford-
U.S.C. good-will assembly this morn
ing. He takes the place of Stanford
Steinbeck, president of the A.S.S.U.,
who is busy here working out with the
football team.
George Bcdle, vice-president of the
A.S.S.U., left last night for Los An
geles to speak in the annual Stanford-
U.S.C. good-will assembly this morn
ing. He takes the place of Stanford
Steinbeck, president of the A.S.S.U.,
who is busy here working out with the
football team.
