# CUBBERLEY TO ATTEND MISSOURI TEACHERS' MEET, NOVEMBER 13
## 
### 
Professor Cubberley, Dean of the
Stanford School of Education, is to
address the Missouri State Teachers
Association during its convention in
St. Louis, November 13 to IG.
Cubberley is spending the autumn,
winter, and spring quarters of this
year teaching at Columbia University,
New York. While he is in the East
Stanford's noted educator will attend
numerous educational meetings, trav
elling from state to state to address
teachers and school administrators.
The pre-eminence of Professor Cub
berley in his field of work was recog
nized last spring wtien Secretary of
the Interior Ray Lyman Wilbur ap
pointed him as one of a special com
mission to investigate school condi
tions throughout the United States.
Professor Cubberley, Dean of the
Stanford School of Education, is to
address the Missouri State Teachers
Association during its convention in
St. Louis, November 13 to IG.
Cubberley is spending the autumn,
winter, and spring quarters of this
year teaching at Columbia University,
New York. While he is in the East
Stanford's noted educator will attend
numerous educational meetings, trav
elling from state to state to address
teachers and school administrators.
The pre-eminence of Professor Cub
berley in his field of work was recog
nized last spring wtien Secretary of
the Interior Ray Lyman Wilbur ap
pointed him as one of a special com
mission to investigate school condi
tions throughout the United States.
Professor Cubberley, Dean of the
Stanford School of Education, is to
address the Missouri State Teachers
Association during its convention in
St. Louis, November 13 to IG.
Cubberley is spending the autumn,
winter, and spring quarters of this
year teaching at Columbia University,
New York. While he is in the East
Stanford's noted educator will attend
numerous educational meetings, trav
elling from state to state to address
teachers and school administrators.
The pre-eminence of Professor Cub
berley in his field of work was recog
nized last spring wtien Secretary of
the Interior Ray Lyman Wilbur ap
pointed him as one of a special com
mission to investigate school condi
tions throughout the United States.
Professor Cubberley, Dean of the
Stanford School of Education, is to
address the Missouri State Teachers
Association during its convention in
St. Louis, November 13 to IG.
Cubberley is spending the autumn,
winter, and spring quarters of this
year teaching at Columbia University,
New York. While he is in the East
Stanford's noted educator will attend
numerous educational meetings, trav
elling from state to state to address
teachers and school administrators.
The pre-eminence of Professor Cub
berley in his field of work was recog
nized last spring wtien Secretary of
the Interior Ray Lyman Wilbur ap
pointed him as one of a special com
mission to investigate school condi
tions throughout the United States.
Professor Cubberley, Dean of the
Stanford School of Education, is to
address the Missouri State Teachers
Association during its convention in
St. Louis, November 13 to IG.
Cubberley is spending the autumn,
winter, and spring quarters of this
year teaching at Columbia University,
New York. While he is in the East
Stanford's noted educator will attend
numerous educational meetings, trav
elling from state to state to address
teachers and school administrators.
The pre-eminence of Professor Cub
berley in his field of work was recog
nized last spring wtien Secretary of
the Interior Ray Lyman Wilbur ap
pointed him as one of a special com
mission to investigate school condi
tions throughout the United States.
Professor Cubberley, Dean of the
Stanford School of Education, is to
address the Missouri State Teachers
Association during its convention in
St. Louis, November 13 to IG.
Cubberley is spending the autumn,
winter, and spring quarters of this
year teaching at Columbia University,
New York. While he is in the East
Stanford's noted educator will attend
numerous educational meetings, trav
elling from state to state to address
teachers and school administrators.
The pre-eminence of Professor Cub
berley in his field of work was recog
nized last spring wtien Secretary of
the Interior Ray Lyman Wilbur ap
pointed him as one of a special com
mission to investigate school condi
tions throughout the United States.
Professor Cubberley, Dean of the
Stanford School of Education, is to
address the Missouri State Teachers
Association during its convention in
St. Louis, November 13 to IG.
Cubberley is spending the autumn,
winter, and spring quarters of this
year teaching at Columbia University,
New York. While he is in the East
Stanford's noted educator will attend
numerous educational meetings, trav
elling from state to state to address
teachers and school administrators.
The pre-eminence of Professor Cub
berley in his field of work was recog
nized last spring wtien Secretary of
the Interior Ray Lyman Wilbur ap
pointed him as one of a special com
mission to investigate school condi
tions throughout the United States.
Professor Cubberley, Dean of the
Stanford School of Education, is to
address the Missouri State Teachers
Association during its convention in
St. Louis, November 13 to IG.
Cubberley is spending the autumn,
winter, and spring quarters of this
year teaching at Columbia University,
New York. While he is in the East
Stanford's noted educator will attend
numerous educational meetings, trav
elling from state to state to address
teachers and school administrators.
The pre-eminence of Professor Cub
berley in his field of work was recog
nized last spring wtien Secretary of
the Interior Ray Lyman Wilbur ap
pointed him as one of a special com
mission to investigate school condi
tions throughout the United States.
Professor Cubberley, Dean of the
Stanford School of Education, is to
address the Missouri State Teachers
Association during its convention in
St. Louis, November 13 to IG.
Cubberley is spending the autumn,
winter, and spring quarters of this
year teaching at Columbia University,
New York. While he is in the East
Stanford's noted educator will attend
numerous educational meetings, trav
elling from state to state to address
teachers and school administrators.
The pre-eminence of Professor Cub
berley in his field of work was recog
nized last spring wtien Secretary of
the Interior Ray Lyman Wilbur ap
pointed him as one of a special com
mission to investigate school condi
tions throughout the United States.
Professor Cubberley, Dean of the
Stanford School of Education, is to
address the Missouri State Teachers
Association during its convention in
St. Louis, November 13 to IG.
Cubberley is spending the autumn,
winter, and spring quarters of this
year teaching at Columbia University,
New York. While he is in the East
Stanford's noted educator will attend
numerous educational meetings, trav
elling from state to state to address
teachers and school administrators.
The pre-eminence of Professor Cub
berley in his field of work was recog
nized last spring wtien Secretary of
the Interior Ray Lyman Wilbur ap
pointed him as one of a special com
mission to investigate school condi
tions throughout the United States.
Professor Cubberley, Dean of the
Stanford School of Education, is to
address the Missouri State Teachers
Association during its convention in
St. Louis, November 13 to IG.
Cubberley is spending the autumn,
winter, and spring quarters of this
year teaching at Columbia University,
New York. While he is in the East
Stanford's noted educator will attend
numerous educational meetings, trav
elling from state to state to address
teachers and school administrators.
The pre-eminence of Professor Cub
berley in his field of work was recog
nized last spring wtien Secretary of
the Interior Ray Lyman Wilbur ap
pointed him as one of a special com
mission to investigate school condi
tions throughout the United States.
Professor Cubberley, Dean of the
Stanford School of Education, is to
address the Missouri State Teachers
Association during its convention in
St. Louis, November 13 to IG.
Cubberley is spending the autumn,
winter, and spring quarters of this
year teaching at Columbia University,
New York. While he is in the East
Stanford's noted educator will attend
numerous educational meetings, trav
elling from state to state to address
teachers and school administrators.
The pre-eminence of Professor Cub
berley in his field of work was recog
nized last spring wtien Secretary of
the Interior Ray Lyman Wilbur ap
pointed him as one of a special com
mission to investigate school condi
tions throughout the United States.
Professor Cubberley, Dean of the
Stanford School of Education, is to
address the Missouri State Teachers
Association during its convention in
St. Louis, November 13 to IG.
Cubberley is spending the autumn,
winter, and spring quarters of this
year teaching at Columbia University,
New York. While he is in the East
Stanford's noted educator will attend
numerous educational meetings, trav
elling from state to state to address
teachers and school administrators.
The pre-eminence of Professor Cub
berley in his field of work was recog
nized last spring wtien Secretary of
the Interior Ray Lyman Wilbur ap
pointed him as one of a special com
mission to investigate school condi
tions throughout the United States.
Professor Cubberley, Dean of the
Stanford School of Education, is to
address the Missouri State Teachers
Association during its convention in
St. Louis, November 13 to IG.
Cubberley is spending the autumn,
winter, and spring quarters of this
year teaching at Columbia University,
New York. While he is in the East
Stanford's noted educator will attend
numerous educational meetings, trav
elling from state to state to address
teachers and school administrators.
The pre-eminence of Professor Cub
berley in his field of work was recog
nized last spring wtien Secretary of
the Interior Ray Lyman Wilbur ap
pointed him as one of a special com
mission to investigate school condi
tions throughout the United States.
Professor Cubberley, Dean of the
Stanford School of Education, is to
address the Missouri State Teachers
Association during its convention in
St. Louis, November 13 to IG.
Cubberley is spending the autumn,
winter, and spring quarters of this
year teaching at Columbia University,
New York. While he is in the East
Stanford's noted educator will attend
numerous educational meetings, trav
elling from state to state to address
teachers and school administrators.
The pre-eminence of Professor Cub
berley in his field of work was recog
nized last spring wtien Secretary of
the Interior Ray Lyman Wilbur ap
pointed him as one of a special com
mission to investigate school condi
tions throughout the United States.
Professor Cubberley, Dean of the
Stanford School of Education, is to
address the Missouri State Teachers
Association during its convention in
St. Louis, November 13 to IG.
Cubberley is spending the autumn,
winter, and spring quarters of this
year teaching at Columbia University,
New York. While he is in the East
Stanford's noted educator will attend
numerous educational meetings, trav
elling from state to state to address
teachers and school administrators.
The pre-eminence of Professor Cub
berley in his field of work was recog
nized last spring wtien Secretary of
the Interior Ray Lyman Wilbur ap
pointed him as one of a special com
mission to investigate school condi
tions throughout the United States.
Professor Cubberley, Dean of the
Stanford School of Education, is to
address the Missouri State Teachers
Association during its convention in
St. Louis, November 13 to IG.
Cubberley is spending the autumn,
winter, and spring quarters of this
year teaching at Columbia University,
New York. While he is in the East
Stanford's noted educator will attend
numerous educational meetings, trav
elling from state to state to address
teachers and school administrators.
The pre-eminence of Professor Cub
berley in his field of work was recog
nized last spring wtien Secretary of
the Interior Ray Lyman Wilbur ap
pointed him as one of a special com
mission to investigate school condi
tions throughout the United States.
