# LAMSONS RETURN
## 
### 
Mr. and Mrs. David Larason, of the
University Press, are expected back
on the campus over the week-end.
They are returning from an extended
vacation during which they attended
the convention of National Park
Superintendents at Yellowstone, in
September.
Mr. and Mrs. David Larason, of the
University Press, are expected back
on the campus over the week-end.
They are returning from an extended
vacation during which they attended
the convention of National Park
Superintendents at Yellowstone, in
September.
Mr. and Mrs. David Larason, of the
University Press, are expected back
on the campus over the week-end.
They are returning from an extended
vacation during which they attended
the convention of National Park
Superintendents at Yellowstone, in
September.
Mr. and Mrs. David Larason, of the
University Press, are expected back
on the campus over the week-end.
They are returning from an extended
vacation during which they attended
the convention of National Park
Superintendents at Yellowstone, in
September.
Mr. and Mrs. David Larason, of the
University Press, are expected back
on the campus over the week-end.
They are returning from an extended
vacation during which they attended
the convention of National Park
Superintendents at Yellowstone, in
September.
Mr. and Mrs. David Larason, of the
University Press, are expected back
on the campus over the week-end.
They are returning from an extended
vacation during which they attended
the convention of National Park
Superintendents at Yellowstone, in
September.
Mr. and Mrs. David Larason, of the
University Press, are expected back
on the campus over the week-end.
They are returning from an extended
vacation during which they attended
the convention of National Park
Superintendents at Yellowstone, in
September.
Mr. and Mrs. David Larason, of the
University Press, are expected back
on the campus over the week-end.
They are returning from an extended
vacation during which they attended
the convention of National Park
Superintendents at Yellowstone, in
September.
Mr. and Mrs. David Larason, of the
University Press, are expected back
on the campus over the week-end.
They are returning from an extended
vacation during which they attended
the convention of National Park
Superintendents at Yellowstone, in
September.
Mr. and Mrs. David Larason, of the
University Press, are expected back
on the campus over the week-end.
They are returning from an extended
vacation during which they attended
the convention of National Park
Superintendents at Yellowstone, in
September.
Mr. and Mrs. David Larason, of the
University Press, are expected back
on the campus over the week-end.
They are returning from an extended
vacation during which they attended
the convention of National Park
Superintendents at Yellowstone, in
September.
Mr. and Mrs. David Larason, of the
University Press, are expected back
on the campus over the week-end.
They are returning from an extended
vacation during which they attended
the convention of National Park
Superintendents at Yellowstone, in
September.
Mr. and Mrs. David Larason, of the
University Press, are expected back
on the campus over the week-end.
They are returning from an extended
vacation during which they attended
the convention of National Park
Superintendents at Yellowstone, in
September.
Mr. and Mrs. David Larason, of the
University Press, are expected back
on the campus over the week-end.
They are returning from an extended
vacation during which they attended
the convention of National Park
Superintendents at Yellowstone, in
September.
Mr. and Mrs. David Larason, of the
University Press, are expected back
on the campus over the week-end.
They are returning from an extended
vacation during which they attended
the convention of National Park
Superintendents at Yellowstone, in
September.
Mr. and Mrs. David Larason, of the
University Press, are expected back
on the campus over the week-end.
They are returning from an extended
vacation during which they attended
the convention of National Park
Superintendents at Yellowstone, in
September.
Mr. and Mrs. David Larason, of the
University Press, are expected back
on the campus over the week-end.
They are returning from an extended
vacation during which they attended
the convention of National Park
Superintendents at Yellowstone, in
September.
