# DR. JORDAN UNCHANGED
## 
### 
Dr. David Starr Jordan's condition re
mains unchanged, according to the report
given out yesterday at his home. There
has been no improvement during the past
few weeks.
Dr. David Starr Jordan's condition re
mains unchanged, according to the report
given out yesterday at his home. There
has been no improvement during the past
few weeks.
Dr. David Starr Jordan's condition re
mains unchanged, according to the report
given out yesterday at his home. There
has been no improvement during the past
few weeks.
Dr. David Starr Jordan's condition re
mains unchanged, according to the report
given out yesterday at his home. There
has been no improvement during the past
few weeks.
Dr. David Starr Jordan's condition re
mains unchanged, according to the report
given out yesterday at his home. There
has been no improvement during the past
few weeks.
Dr. David Starr Jordan's condition re
mains unchanged, according to the report
given out yesterday at his home. There
has been no improvement during the past
few weeks.
Dr. David Starr Jordan's condition re
mains unchanged, according to the report
given out yesterday at his home. There
has been no improvement during the past
few weeks.
Dr. David Starr Jordan's condition re
mains unchanged, according to the report
given out yesterday at his home. There
has been no improvement during the past
few weeks.
Dr. David Starr Jordan's condition re
mains unchanged, according to the report
given out yesterday at his home. There
has been no improvement during the past
few weeks.
Dr. David Starr Jordan's condition re
mains unchanged, according to the report
given out yesterday at his home. There
has been no improvement during the past
few weeks.
Dr. David Starr Jordan's condition re
mains unchanged, according to the report
given out yesterday at his home. There
has been no improvement during the past
few weeks.
Dr. David Starr Jordan's condition re
mains unchanged, according to the report
given out yesterday at his home. There
has been no improvement during the past
few weeks.
Dr. David Starr Jordan's condition re
mains unchanged, according to the report
given out yesterday at his home. There
has been no improvement during the past
few weeks.
Dr. David Starr Jordan's condition re
mains unchanged, according to the report
given out yesterday at his home. There
has been no improvement during the past
few weeks.
Dr. David Starr Jordan's condition re
mains unchanged, according to the report
given out yesterday at his home. There
has been no improvement during the past
few weeks.
Dr. David Starr Jordan's condition re
mains unchanged, according to the report
given out yesterday at his home. There
has been no improvement during the past
few weeks.
Dr. David Starr Jordan's condition re
mains unchanged, according to the report
given out yesterday at his home. There
has been no improvement during the past
few weeks.
