# Excerpt
## 
### 
"For us to speak with the
young becomes evermore
difficult. We see it as a
duty and, at the same
time, as a risk: the risk of
appearing anachronistic,
of not being listened to.
We must be listened to:
above and beyond our
personal experiences, we
have collectively wit
nessed a fundamental,
unexpected event, funda
mental precisely because
unexpected, not forseen
by anyone. It took place
in the teeth of all for-

casts; it happened in Eu
rope; incredibly, it hap
pened that an entire
civilized people, just
issued from the fervid cul
tural flowering of Weimar,
followed a buffoon whose
figure today inspires
laughter, and yet Adolph
Hitler was obeyed and his
praises were sung right
up to the catastrophe. It
happened, and therefore
it can happen again: This
is the core of what we
have to say."
