# MADRID FALLING
## 
### 
John Degandt, United Press cor
respondent, writing from a place
within 30 feet of the Madrid city
liimts, says that General Francisco
Franco's rebel forces have virtually
won the Battle of the Manzanares
River, boundary of Madrid proper.
John Degandt, United Press cor
respondent, writing from a place
within 30 feet of the Madrid city
liimts, says that General Francisco
Franco's rebel forces have virtually
won the Battle of the Manzanares
River, boundary of Madrid proper.
John Degandt, United Press cor
respondent, writing from a place
within 30 feet of the Madrid city
liimts, says that General Francisco
Franco's rebel forces have virtually
won the Battle of the Manzanares
River, boundary of Madrid proper.
John Degandt, United Press cor
respondent, writing from a place
within 30 feet of the Madrid city
liimts, says that General Francisco
Franco's rebel forces have virtually
won the Battle of the Manzanares
River, boundary of Madrid proper.
John Degandt, United Press cor
respondent, writing from a place
within 30 feet of the Madrid city
liimts, says that General Francisco
Franco's rebel forces have virtually
won the Battle of the Manzanares
River, boundary of Madrid proper.
John Degandt, United Press cor
respondent, writing from a place
within 30 feet of the Madrid city
liimts, says that General Francisco
Franco's rebel forces have virtually
won the Battle of the Manzanares
River, boundary of Madrid proper.
John Degandt, United Press cor
respondent, writing from a place
within 30 feet of the Madrid city
liimts, says that General Francisco
Franco's rebel forces have virtually
won the Battle of the Manzanares
River, boundary of Madrid proper.
John Degandt, United Press cor
respondent, writing from a place
within 30 feet of the Madrid city
liimts, says that General Francisco
Franco's rebel forces have virtually
won the Battle of the Manzanares
River, boundary of Madrid proper.
John Degandt, United Press cor
respondent, writing from a place
within 30 feet of the Madrid city
liimts, says that General Francisco
Franco's rebel forces have virtually
won the Battle of the Manzanares
River, boundary of Madrid proper.
John Degandt, United Press cor
respondent, writing from a place
within 30 feet of the Madrid city
liimts, says that General Francisco
Franco's rebel forces have virtually
won the Battle of the Manzanares
River, boundary of Madrid proper.
John Degandt, United Press cor
respondent, writing from a place
within 30 feet of the Madrid city
liimts, says that General Francisco
Franco's rebel forces have virtually
won the Battle of the Manzanares
River, boundary of Madrid proper.
John Degandt, United Press cor
respondent, writing from a place
within 30 feet of the Madrid city
liimts, says that General Francisco
Franco's rebel forces have virtually
won the Battle of the Manzanares
River, boundary of Madrid proper.
John Degandt, United Press cor
respondent, writing from a place
within 30 feet of the Madrid city
liimts, says that General Francisco
Franco's rebel forces have virtually
won the Battle of the Manzanares
River, boundary of Madrid proper.
John Degandt, United Press cor
respondent, writing from a place
within 30 feet of the Madrid city
liimts, says that General Francisco
Franco's rebel forces have virtually
won the Battle of the Manzanares
River, boundary of Madrid proper.
John Degandt, United Press cor
respondent, writing from a place
within 30 feet of the Madrid city
liimts, says that General Francisco
Franco's rebel forces have virtually
won the Battle of the Manzanares
River, boundary of Madrid proper.
John Degandt, United Press cor
respondent, writing from a place
within 30 feet of the Madrid city
liimts, says that General Francisco
Franco's rebel forces have virtually
won the Battle of the Manzanares
River, boundary of Madrid proper.
