# Alumni Convene Over Weekend
## 
### 
The fourth annual campus alumni
conference is expected to attract
about . r )00 back to the Farm tomor
row and Sunday. Registration will
be held from 1 to 2 o'clock both af
ternoons in the Administration
Building.
Edwin Angell Cottrell, professor
of political icienoe, will open the
conference with his talk on "Work
ing for Governments." The confer
ence will be devoted to topics of
current interest,, featuring 15
speeches, cach of about an hour in
length. They will be given in var
ious room* of the English corner.
"Exports and Natural Resources as
Influences in Foreign Policies" will
be the closing speech given Sunday
night by Alonzo Taylor, director of
food research, at a banquet in the
Union.

There will be similar alumni con
ventions later in the year in Los
Angeles, Seattle, Portland, and Sac-
The fourth annual campus alumni
conference is expected to attract
about . r )00 back to the Farm tomor
row and Sunday. Registration will
be held from 1 to 2 o'clock both af
ternoons in the Administration
Building.
Edwin Angell Cottrell, professor
of political icienoe, will open the
conference with his talk on "Work
ing for Governments." The confer
ence will be devoted to topics of
current interest,, featuring 15
speeches, cach of about an hour in
length. They will be given in var
ious room* of the English corner.
"Exports and Natural Resources as
Influences in Foreign Policies" will
be the closing speech given Sunday
night by Alonzo Taylor, director of
food research, at a banquet in the
Union.

There will be similar alumni con
ventions later in the year in Los
Angeles, Seattle, Portland, and Sac-
The fourth annual campus alumni
conference is expected to attract
about . r )00 back to the Farm tomor
row and Sunday. Registration will
be held from 1 to 2 o'clock both af
ternoons in the Administration
Building.
Edwin Angell Cottrell, professor
of political icienoe, will open the
conference with his talk on "Work
ing for Governments." The confer
ence will be devoted to topics of
current interest,, featuring 15
speeches, cach of about an hour in
length. They will be given in var
ious room* of the English corner.
"Exports and Natural Resources as
Influences in Foreign Policies" will
be the closing speech given Sunday
night by Alonzo Taylor, director of
food research, at a banquet in the
Union.

There will be similar alumni con
ventions later in the year in Los
Angeles, Seattle, Portland, and Sac-
The fourth annual campus alumni
conference is expected to attract
about . r )00 back to the Farm tomor
row and Sunday. Registration will
be held from 1 to 2 o'clock both af
ternoons in the Administration
Building.
Edwin Angell Cottrell, professor
of political icienoe, will open the
conference with his talk on "Work
ing for Governments." The confer
ence will be devoted to topics of
current interest,, featuring 15
speeches, cach of about an hour in
length. They will be given in var
ious room* of the English corner.
"Exports and Natural Resources as
Influences in Foreign Policies" will
be the closing speech given Sunday
night by Alonzo Taylor, director of
food research, at a banquet in the
Union.

There will be similar alumni con
ventions later in the year in Los
Angeles, Seattle, Portland, and Sac-
The fourth annual campus alumni
conference is expected to attract
about . r )00 back to the Farm tomor
row and Sunday. Registration will
be held from 1 to 2 o'clock both af
ternoons in the Administration
Building.
Edwin Angell Cottrell, professor
of political icienoe, will open the
conference with his talk on "Work
ing for Governments." The confer
ence will be devoted to topics of
current interest,, featuring 15
speeches, cach of about an hour in
length. They will be given in var
ious room* of the English corner.
"Exports and Natural Resources as
Influences in Foreign Policies" will
be the closing speech given Sunday
night by Alonzo Taylor, director of
food research, at a banquet in the
Union.

There will be similar alumni con
ventions later in the year in Los
Angeles, Seattle, Portland, and Sac-
The fourth annual campus alumni
conference is expected to attract
about . r )00 back to the Farm tomor
row and Sunday. Registration will
be held from 1 to 2 o'clock both af
ternoons in the Administration
Building.
Edwin Angell Cottrell, professor
of political icienoe, will open the
conference with his talk on "Work
ing for Governments." The confer
ence will be devoted to topics of
current interest,, featuring 15
speeches, cach of about an hour in
length. They will be given in var
ious room* of the English corner.
"Exports and Natural Resources as
Influences in Foreign Policies" will
be the closing speech given Sunday
night by Alonzo Taylor, director of
food research, at a banquet in the
Union.

There will be similar alumni con
ventions later in the year in Los
Angeles, Seattle, Portland, and Sac-
The fourth annual campus alumni
conference is expected to attract
about . r )00 back to the Farm tomor
row and Sunday. Registration will
be held from 1 to 2 o'clock both af
ternoons in the Administration
Building.
Edwin Angell Cottrell, professor
of political icienoe, will open the
conference with his talk on "Work
ing for Governments." The confer
ence will be devoted to topics of
current interest,, featuring 15
speeches, cach of about an hour in
length. They will be given in var
ious room* of the English corner.
"Exports and Natural Resources as
Influences in Foreign Policies" will
be the closing speech given Sunday
night by Alonzo Taylor, director of
food research, at a banquet in the
Union.

There will be similar alumni con
ventions later in the year in Los
Angeles, Seattle, Portland, and Sac-
The fourth annual campus alumni
conference is expected to attract
about . r )00 back to the Farm tomor
row and Sunday. Registration will
be held from 1 to 2 o'clock both af
ternoons in the Administration
Building.
Edwin Angell Cottrell, professor
of political icienoe, will open the
conference with his talk on "Work
ing for Governments." The confer
ence will be devoted to topics of
current interest,, featuring 15
speeches, cach of about an hour in
length. They will be given in var
ious room* of the English corner.
"Exports and Natural Resources as
Influences in Foreign Policies" will
be the closing speech given Sunday
night by Alonzo Taylor, director of
food research, at a banquet in the
Union.

There will be similar alumni con
ventions later in the year in Los
Angeles, Seattle, Portland, and Sac-
The fourth annual campus alumni
conference is expected to attract
about . r )00 back to the Farm tomor
row and Sunday. Registration will
be held from 1 to 2 o'clock both af
ternoons in the Administration
Building.
Edwin Angell Cottrell, professor
of political icienoe, will open the
conference with his talk on "Work
ing for Governments." The confer
ence will be devoted to topics of
current interest,, featuring 15
speeches, cach of about an hour in
length. They will be given in var
ious room* of the English corner.
"Exports and Natural Resources as
Influences in Foreign Policies" will
be the closing speech given Sunday
night by Alonzo Taylor, director of
food research, at a banquet in the
Union.

There will be similar alumni con
ventions later in the year in Los
Angeles, Seattle, Portland, and Sac-
The fourth annual campus alumni
conference is expected to attract
about . r )00 back to the Farm tomor
row and Sunday. Registration will
be held from 1 to 2 o'clock both af
ternoons in the Administration
Building.
Edwin Angell Cottrell, professor
of political icienoe, will open the
conference with his talk on "Work
ing for Governments." The confer
ence will be devoted to topics of
current interest,, featuring 15
speeches, cach of about an hour in
length. They will be given in var
ious room* of the English corner.
"Exports and Natural Resources as
Influences in Foreign Policies" will
be the closing speech given Sunday
night by Alonzo Taylor, director of
food research, at a banquet in the
Union.

There will be similar alumni con
ventions later in the year in Los
Angeles, Seattle, Portland, and Sac-
The fourth annual campus alumni
conference is expected to attract
about . r )00 back to the Farm tomor
row and Sunday. Registration will
be held from 1 to 2 o'clock both af
ternoons in the Administration
Building.
Edwin Angell Cottrell, professor
of political icienoe, will open the
conference with his talk on "Work
ing for Governments." The confer
ence will be devoted to topics of
current interest,, featuring 15
speeches, cach of about an hour in
length. They will be given in var
ious room* of the English corner.
"Exports and Natural Resources as
Influences in Foreign Policies" will
be the closing speech given Sunday
night by Alonzo Taylor, director of
food research, at a banquet in the
Union.

There will be similar alumni con
ventions later in the year in Los
Angeles, Seattle, Portland, and Sac-
The fourth annual campus alumni
conference is expected to attract
about . r )00 back to the Farm tomor
row and Sunday. Registration will
be held from 1 to 2 o'clock both af
ternoons in the Administration
Building.
Edwin Angell Cottrell, professor
of political icienoe, will open the
conference with his talk on "Work
ing for Governments." The confer
ence will be devoted to topics of
current interest,, featuring 15
speeches, cach of about an hour in
length. They will be given in var
ious room* of the English corner.
"Exports and Natural Resources as
Influences in Foreign Policies" will
be the closing speech given Sunday
night by Alonzo Taylor, director of
food research, at a banquet in the
Union.

There will be similar alumni con
ventions later in the year in Los
Angeles, Seattle, Portland, and Sac-
The fourth annual campus alumni
conference is expected to attract
about . r )00 back to the Farm tomor
row and Sunday. Registration will
be held from 1 to 2 o'clock both af
ternoons in the Administration
Building.
Edwin Angell Cottrell, professor
of political icienoe, will open the
conference with his talk on "Work
ing for Governments." The confer
ence will be devoted to topics of
current interest,, featuring 15
speeches, cach of about an hour in
length. They will be given in var
ious room* of the English corner.
"Exports and Natural Resources as
Influences in Foreign Policies" will
be the closing speech given Sunday
night by Alonzo Taylor, director of
food research, at a banquet in the
Union.

There will be similar alumni con
ventions later in the year in Los
Angeles, Seattle, Portland, and Sac-
The fourth annual campus alumni
conference is expected to attract
about . r )00 back to the Farm tomor
row and Sunday. Registration will
be held from 1 to 2 o'clock both af
ternoons in the Administration
Building.
Edwin Angell Cottrell, professor
of political icienoe, will open the
conference with his talk on "Work
ing for Governments." The confer
ence will be devoted to topics of
current interest,, featuring 15
speeches, cach of about an hour in
length. They will be given in var
ious room* of the English corner.
"Exports and Natural Resources as
Influences in Foreign Policies" will
be the closing speech given Sunday
night by Alonzo Taylor, director of
food research, at a banquet in the
Union.

There will be similar alumni con
ventions later in the year in Los
Angeles, Seattle, Portland, and Sac-
The fourth annual campus alumni
conference is expected to attract
about . r )00 back to the Farm tomor
row and Sunday. Registration will
be held from 1 to 2 o'clock both af
ternoons in the Administration
Building.
Edwin Angell Cottrell, professor
of political icienoe, will open the
conference with his talk on "Work
ing for Governments." The confer
ence will be devoted to topics of
current interest,, featuring 15
speeches, cach of about an hour in
length. They will be given in var
ious room* of the English corner.
"Exports and Natural Resources as
Influences in Foreign Policies" will
be the closing speech given Sunday
night by Alonzo Taylor, director of
food research, at a banquet in the
Union.

There will be similar alumni con
ventions later in the year in Los
Angeles, Seattle, Portland, and Sac-
The fourth annual campus alumni
conference is expected to attract
about . r )00 back to the Farm tomor
row and Sunday. Registration will
be held from 1 to 2 o'clock both af
ternoons in the Administration
Building.
Edwin Angell Cottrell, professor
of political icienoe, will open the
conference with his talk on "Work
ing for Governments." The confer
ence will be devoted to topics of
current interest,, featuring 15
speeches, cach of about an hour in
length. They will be given in var
ious room* of the English corner.
"Exports and Natural Resources as
Influences in Foreign Policies" will
be the closing speech given Sunday
night by Alonzo Taylor, director of
food research, at a banquet in the
Union.

There will be similar alumni con
ventions later in the year in Los
Angeles, Seattle, Portland, and Sac-
