# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
WE AIM i
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Ply mouth
Dodge Cr BeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr I
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Cei'er vvith a Happy Clientele
730 Rifh at Horner
PA 22!58
WE AIM i
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Ply mouth
Dodge Cr BeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr I
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Cei'er vvith a Happy Clientele
730 Rifh at Horner
PA 22!58
WE AIM i
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Ply mouth
Dodge Cr BeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr I
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Cei'er vvith a Happy Clientele
730 Rifh at Horner
PA 22!58
WE AIM i
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Ply mouth
Dodge Cr BeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr I
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Cei'er vvith a Happy Clientele
730 Rifh at Horner
PA 22!58
WE AIM i
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Ply mouth
Dodge Cr BeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr I
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Cei'er vvith a Happy Clientele
730 Rifh at Horner
PA 22!58
WE AIM i
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Ply mouth
Dodge Cr BeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr I
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Cei'er vvith a Happy Clientele
730 Rifh at Horner
PA 22!58
WE AIM i
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Ply mouth
Dodge Cr BeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr I
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Cei'er vvith a Happy Clientele
730 Rifh at Horner
PA 22!58
WE AIM i
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Ply mouth
Dodge Cr BeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr I
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Cei'er vvith a Happy Clientele
730 Rifh at Horner
PA 22!58
WE AIM i
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Ply mouth
Dodge Cr BeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr I
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Cei'er vvith a Happy Clientele
730 Rifh at Horner
PA 22!58
WE AIM i
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Ply mouth
Dodge Cr BeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr I
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Cei'er vvith a Happy Clientele
730 Rifh at Horner
PA 22!58
WE AIM i
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Ply mouth
Dodge Cr BeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr I
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Cei'er vvith a Happy Clientele
730 Rifh at Horner
PA 22!58
WE AIM i
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Ply mouth
Dodge Cr BeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr I
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Cei'er vvith a Happy Clientele
730 Rifh at Horner
PA 22!58
WE AIM i
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Ply mouth
Dodge Cr BeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr I
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Cei'er vvith a Happy Clientele
730 Rifh at Horner
PA 22!58
WE AIM i
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Ply mouth
Dodge Cr BeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr I
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Cei'er vvith a Happy Clientele
730 Rifh at Horner
PA 22!58
WE AIM i
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Ply mouth
Dodge Cr BeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr I
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Cei'er vvith a Happy Clientele
730 Rifh at Horner
PA 22!58
