# Honrs Announced For Men's Council
## 
### 
Men's Council will hold regular
meetings in the Excom room each
Wednesday at 3 p.m., Chairman
Fred Hannum announced at a pre
liminary meeting yesterday.
Council members for summer
quarter are:
Fred Hannum, A 1 Munk, Warren
Day, Bob Sawyer, and Doc Ktau
ser. Daily representative.
Men's Council will hold regular
meetings in the Excom room each
Wednesday at 3 p.m., Chairman
Fred Hannum announced at a pre
liminary meeting yesterday.
Council members for summer
quarter are:
Fred Hannum, A 1 Munk, Warren
Day, Bob Sawyer, and Doc Ktau
ser. Daily representative.
Men's Council will hold regular
meetings in the Excom room each
Wednesday at 3 p.m., Chairman
Fred Hannum announced at a pre
liminary meeting yesterday.
Council members for summer
quarter are:
Fred Hannum, A 1 Munk, Warren
Day, Bob Sawyer, and Doc Ktau
ser. Daily representative.
Men's Council will hold regular
meetings in the Excom room each
Wednesday at 3 p.m., Chairman
Fred Hannum announced at a pre
liminary meeting yesterday.
Council members for summer
quarter are:
Fred Hannum, A 1 Munk, Warren
Day, Bob Sawyer, and Doc Ktau
ser. Daily representative.
Men's Council will hold regular
meetings in the Excom room each
Wednesday at 3 p.m., Chairman
Fred Hannum announced at a pre
liminary meeting yesterday.
Council members for summer
quarter are:
Fred Hannum, A 1 Munk, Warren
Day, Bob Sawyer, and Doc Ktau
ser. Daily representative.
Men's Council will hold regular
meetings in the Excom room each
Wednesday at 3 p.m., Chairman
Fred Hannum announced at a pre
liminary meeting yesterday.
Council members for summer
quarter are:
Fred Hannum, A 1 Munk, Warren
Day, Bob Sawyer, and Doc Ktau
ser. Daily representative.
Men's Council will hold regular
meetings in the Excom room each
Wednesday at 3 p.m., Chairman
Fred Hannum announced at a pre
liminary meeting yesterday.
Council members for summer
quarter are:
Fred Hannum, A 1 Munk, Warren
Day, Bob Sawyer, and Doc Ktau
ser. Daily representative.
Men's Council will hold regular
meetings in the Excom room each
Wednesday at 3 p.m., Chairman
Fred Hannum announced at a pre
liminary meeting yesterday.
Council members for summer
quarter are:
Fred Hannum, A 1 Munk, Warren
Day, Bob Sawyer, and Doc Ktau
ser. Daily representative.
Men's Council will hold regular
meetings in the Excom room each
Wednesday at 3 p.m., Chairman
Fred Hannum announced at a pre
liminary meeting yesterday.
Council members for summer
quarter are:
Fred Hannum, A 1 Munk, Warren
Day, Bob Sawyer, and Doc Ktau
ser. Daily representative.
Men's Council will hold regular
meetings in the Excom room each
Wednesday at 3 p.m., Chairman
Fred Hannum announced at a pre
liminary meeting yesterday.
Council members for summer
quarter are:
Fred Hannum, A 1 Munk, Warren
Day, Bob Sawyer, and Doc Ktau
ser. Daily representative.
Men's Council will hold regular
meetings in the Excom room each
Wednesday at 3 p.m., Chairman
Fred Hannum announced at a pre
liminary meeting yesterday.
Council members for summer
quarter are:
Fred Hannum, A 1 Munk, Warren
Day, Bob Sawyer, and Doc Ktau
ser. Daily representative.
Men's Council will hold regular
meetings in the Excom room each
Wednesday at 3 p.m., Chairman
Fred Hannum announced at a pre
liminary meeting yesterday.
Council members for summer
quarter are:
Fred Hannum, A 1 Munk, Warren
Day, Bob Sawyer, and Doc Ktau
ser. Daily representative.
Men's Council will hold regular
meetings in the Excom room each
Wednesday at 3 p.m., Chairman
Fred Hannum announced at a pre
liminary meeting yesterday.
Council members for summer
quarter are:
Fred Hannum, A 1 Munk, Warren
Day, Bob Sawyer, and Doc Ktau
ser. Daily representative.
Men's Council will hold regular
meetings in the Excom room each
Wednesday at 3 p.m., Chairman
Fred Hannum announced at a pre
liminary meeting yesterday.
Council members for summer
quarter are:
Fred Hannum, A 1 Munk, Warren
Day, Bob Sawyer, and Doc Ktau
ser. Daily representative.
Men's Council will hold regular
meetings in the Excom room each
Wednesday at 3 p.m., Chairman
Fred Hannum announced at a pre
liminary meeting yesterday.
Council members for summer
quarter are:
Fred Hannum, A 1 Munk, Warren
Day, Bob Sawyer, and Doc Ktau
ser. Daily representative.
