# Bulletin Board
## 
### 
ALL STUDENTS interested in try
ing out for positions on KSU are
asked to see one of the staff
members this afternoon in the
Memorial Auditorium basement.
BREAKERS will meet tonight at 8
for their "Wednesday Evening'
Series." Featured speaker Cal
Newman will give a short talk on
the dangers of waterbagging.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE ORGANI
ZATION will hold its weekly
meeting tomorrow night at 7:15
in the north vestry of the Memo
rial Church.
MEETING AT IIR OFFICE at 1:15
today of all officers and commit
tee chairmen.
ALL STUDENTS interested in try
ing out for positions on KSU are
asked to see one of the staff
members this afternoon in the
Memorial Auditorium basement.
BREAKERS will meet tonight at 8
for their "Wednesday Evening'
Series." Featured speaker Cal
Newman will give a short talk on
the dangers of waterbagging.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE ORGANI
ZATION will hold its weekly
meeting tomorrow night at 7:15
in the north vestry of the Memo
rial Church.
MEETING AT IIR OFFICE at 1:15
today of all officers and commit
tee chairmen.
ALL STUDENTS interested in try
ing out for positions on KSU are
asked to see one of the staff
members this afternoon in the
Memorial Auditorium basement.
BREAKERS will meet tonight at 8
for their "Wednesday Evening'
Series." Featured speaker Cal
Newman will give a short talk on
the dangers of waterbagging.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE ORGANI
ZATION will hold its weekly
meeting tomorrow night at 7:15
in the north vestry of the Memo
rial Church.
MEETING AT IIR OFFICE at 1:15
today of all officers and commit
tee chairmen.
ALL STUDENTS interested in try
ing out for positions on KSU are
asked to see one of the staff
members this afternoon in the
Memorial Auditorium basement.
BREAKERS will meet tonight at 8
for their "Wednesday Evening'
Series." Featured speaker Cal
Newman will give a short talk on
the dangers of waterbagging.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE ORGANI
ZATION will hold its weekly
meeting tomorrow night at 7:15
in the north vestry of the Memo
rial Church.
MEETING AT IIR OFFICE at 1:15
today of all officers and commit
tee chairmen.
ALL STUDENTS interested in try
ing out for positions on KSU are
asked to see one of the staff
members this afternoon in the
Memorial Auditorium basement.
BREAKERS will meet tonight at 8
for their "Wednesday Evening'
Series." Featured speaker Cal
Newman will give a short talk on
the dangers of waterbagging.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE ORGANI
ZATION will hold its weekly
meeting tomorrow night at 7:15
in the north vestry of the Memo
rial Church.
MEETING AT IIR OFFICE at 1:15
today of all officers and commit
tee chairmen.
ALL STUDENTS interested in try
ing out for positions on KSU are
asked to see one of the staff
members this afternoon in the
Memorial Auditorium basement.
BREAKERS will meet tonight at 8
for their "Wednesday Evening'
Series." Featured speaker Cal
Newman will give a short talk on
the dangers of waterbagging.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE ORGANI
ZATION will hold its weekly
meeting tomorrow night at 7:15
in the north vestry of the Memo
rial Church.
MEETING AT IIR OFFICE at 1:15
today of all officers and commit
tee chairmen.
ALL STUDENTS interested in try
ing out for positions on KSU are
asked to see one of the staff
members this afternoon in the
Memorial Auditorium basement.
BREAKERS will meet tonight at 8
for their "Wednesday Evening'
Series." Featured speaker Cal
Newman will give a short talk on
the dangers of waterbagging.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE ORGANI
ZATION will hold its weekly
meeting tomorrow night at 7:15
in the north vestry of the Memo
rial Church.
MEETING AT IIR OFFICE at 1:15
today of all officers and commit
tee chairmen.
ALL STUDENTS interested in try
ing out for positions on KSU are
asked to see one of the staff
members this afternoon in the
Memorial Auditorium basement.
BREAKERS will meet tonight at 8
for their "Wednesday Evening'
Series." Featured speaker Cal
Newman will give a short talk on
the dangers of waterbagging.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE ORGANI
ZATION will hold its weekly
meeting tomorrow night at 7:15
in the north vestry of the Memo
rial Church.
MEETING AT IIR OFFICE at 1:15
today of all officers and commit
tee chairmen.
ALL STUDENTS interested in try
ing out for positions on KSU are
asked to see one of the staff
members this afternoon in the
Memorial Auditorium basement.
BREAKERS will meet tonight at 8
for their "Wednesday Evening'
Series." Featured speaker Cal
Newman will give a short talk on
the dangers of waterbagging.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE ORGANI
ZATION will hold its weekly
meeting tomorrow night at 7:15
in the north vestry of the Memo
rial Church.
MEETING AT IIR OFFICE at 1:15
today of all officers and commit
tee chairmen.
ALL STUDENTS interested in try
ing out for positions on KSU are
asked to see one of the staff
members this afternoon in the
Memorial Auditorium basement.
BREAKERS will meet tonight at 8
for their "Wednesday Evening'
Series." Featured speaker Cal
Newman will give a short talk on
the dangers of waterbagging.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE ORGANI
ZATION will hold its weekly
meeting tomorrow night at 7:15
in the north vestry of the Memo
rial Church.
MEETING AT IIR OFFICE at 1:15
today of all officers and commit
tee chairmen.
ALL STUDENTS interested in try
ing out for positions on KSU are
asked to see one of the staff
members this afternoon in the
Memorial Auditorium basement.
BREAKERS will meet tonight at 8
for their "Wednesday Evening'
Series." Featured speaker Cal
Newman will give a short talk on
the dangers of waterbagging.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE ORGANI
ZATION will hold its weekly
meeting tomorrow night at 7:15
in the north vestry of the Memo
rial Church.
MEETING AT IIR OFFICE at 1:15
today of all officers and commit
tee chairmen.
ALL STUDENTS interested in try
ing out for positions on KSU are
asked to see one of the staff
members this afternoon in the
Memorial Auditorium basement.
BREAKERS will meet tonight at 8
for their "Wednesday Evening'
Series." Featured speaker Cal
Newman will give a short talk on
the dangers of waterbagging.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE ORGANI
ZATION will hold its weekly
meeting tomorrow night at 7:15
in the north vestry of the Memo
rial Church.
MEETING AT IIR OFFICE at 1:15
today of all officers and commit
tee chairmen.
ALL STUDENTS interested in try
ing out for positions on KSU are
asked to see one of the staff
members this afternoon in the
Memorial Auditorium basement.
BREAKERS will meet tonight at 8
for their "Wednesday Evening'
Series." Featured speaker Cal
Newman will give a short talk on
the dangers of waterbagging.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE ORGANI
ZATION will hold its weekly
meeting tomorrow night at 7:15
in the north vestry of the Memo
rial Church.
MEETING AT IIR OFFICE at 1:15
today of all officers and commit
tee chairmen.
ALL STUDENTS interested in try
ing out for positions on KSU are
asked to see one of the staff
members this afternoon in the
Memorial Auditorium basement.
BREAKERS will meet tonight at 8
for their "Wednesday Evening'
Series." Featured speaker Cal
Newman will give a short talk on
the dangers of waterbagging.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE ORGANI
ZATION will hold its weekly
meeting tomorrow night at 7:15
in the north vestry of the Memo
rial Church.
MEETING AT IIR OFFICE at 1:15
today of all officers and commit
tee chairmen.
ALL STUDENTS interested in try
ing out for positions on KSU are
asked to see one of the staff
members this afternoon in the
Memorial Auditorium basement.
BREAKERS will meet tonight at 8
for their "Wednesday Evening'
Series." Featured speaker Cal
Newman will give a short talk on
the dangers of waterbagging.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE ORGANI
ZATION will hold its weekly
meeting tomorrow night at 7:15
in the north vestry of the Memo
rial Church.
MEETING AT IIR OFFICE at 1:15
today of all officers and commit
tee chairmen.
