# Card Crew Declines Bid
## 
### 
The Stanford crew regretfully
declined an invitation to compete
in the Olympic crew tryouts at
Princeton's Lake Carnegie course
beginning today, it was announced
Monday. Additions to the rowing
facilities, however, are being plan
ned as insurance that the Card
crew will be an Olympic contender
at the 1952 trials.
Varsity crews of the West Coast's
one - two punch, Washington and
California, joined shells from Navy,
Cornell, Wisconsin, Harvard, Yale,
MIT, and Princeton to compete in
the trials. The Huskies, impressive
victors in the Poughkeepsie Regat
ta a few weeks ago, are odds-on
favorites to repeat as representa
tives of the nation in the Olym
pics next month.
An upset is possible since the
2.000-meter Princeton course is con
siderably shorter than the three
mile Poughkeepsie distance. There
fore, finesse and last-ditch spurt
will be more necessary than over
all endurance. Most experts have,
nevertheless, conceded victory to
Washington, thus enabling the Hus
kies to repeat the same feat which
they accomplished in 1936.
