# Register Cars Nowâ€” Police Chief Warns
## 
### 
All students, including those
living off campus, employees, and
members of the staff are required
to have their aut<vs registered.
Police Chief Gordy Davis warned
yesterday.
Registration stickers must he
displayed on the rear window of
all campus vehicles.
Free registrations are being
continued for the remainder of
this week. Thereafter, a SI late
registration fee will he imposed.
All students, including those
living off campus, employees, and
members of the staff are required
to have their aut<vs registered.
Police Chief Gordy Davis warned
yesterday.
Registration stickers must he
displayed on the rear window of
all campus vehicles.
Free registrations are being
continued for the remainder of
this week. Thereafter, a SI late
registration fee will he imposed.
All students, including those
living off campus, employees, and
members of the staff are required
to have their aut<vs registered.
Police Chief Gordy Davis warned
yesterday.
Registration stickers must he
displayed on the rear window of
all campus vehicles.
Free registrations are being
continued for the remainder of
this week. Thereafter, a SI late
registration fee will he imposed.
All students, including those
living off campus, employees, and
members of the staff are required
to have their aut<vs registered.
Police Chief Gordy Davis warned
yesterday.
Registration stickers must he
displayed on the rear window of
all campus vehicles.
Free registrations are being
continued for the remainder of
this week. Thereafter, a SI late
registration fee will he imposed.
All students, including those
living off campus, employees, and
members of the staff are required
to have their aut<vs registered.
Police Chief Gordy Davis warned
yesterday.
Registration stickers must he
displayed on the rear window of
all campus vehicles.
Free registrations are being
continued for the remainder of
this week. Thereafter, a SI late
registration fee will he imposed.
All students, including those
living off campus, employees, and
members of the staff are required
to have their aut<vs registered.
Police Chief Gordy Davis warned
yesterday.
Registration stickers must he
displayed on the rear window of
all campus vehicles.
Free registrations are being
continued for the remainder of
this week. Thereafter, a SI late
registration fee will he imposed.
All students, including those
living off campus, employees, and
members of the staff are required
to have their aut<vs registered.
Police Chief Gordy Davis warned
yesterday.
Registration stickers must he
displayed on the rear window of
all campus vehicles.
Free registrations are being
continued for the remainder of
this week. Thereafter, a SI late
registration fee will he imposed.
All students, including those
living off campus, employees, and
members of the staff are required
to have their aut<vs registered.
Police Chief Gordy Davis warned
yesterday.
Registration stickers must he
displayed on the rear window of
all campus vehicles.
Free registrations are being
continued for the remainder of
this week. Thereafter, a SI late
registration fee will he imposed.
All students, including those
living off campus, employees, and
members of the staff are required
to have their aut<vs registered.
Police Chief Gordy Davis warned
yesterday.
Registration stickers must he
displayed on the rear window of
all campus vehicles.
Free registrations are being
continued for the remainder of
this week. Thereafter, a SI late
registration fee will he imposed.
All students, including those
living off campus, employees, and
members of the staff are required
to have their aut<vs registered.
Police Chief Gordy Davis warned
yesterday.
Registration stickers must he
displayed on the rear window of
all campus vehicles.
Free registrations are being
continued for the remainder of
this week. Thereafter, a SI late
registration fee will he imposed.
All students, including those
living off campus, employees, and
members of the staff are required
to have their aut<vs registered.
Police Chief Gordy Davis warned
yesterday.
Registration stickers must he
displayed on the rear window of
all campus vehicles.
Free registrations are being
continued for the remainder of
this week. Thereafter, a SI late
registration fee will he imposed.
All students, including those
living off campus, employees, and
members of the staff are required
to have their aut<vs registered.
Police Chief Gordy Davis warned
yesterday.
Registration stickers must he
displayed on the rear window of
all campus vehicles.
Free registrations are being
continued for the remainder of
this week. Thereafter, a SI late
registration fee will he imposed.
All students, including those
living off campus, employees, and
members of the staff are required
to have their aut<vs registered.
Police Chief Gordy Davis warned
yesterday.
Registration stickers must he
displayed on the rear window of
all campus vehicles.
Free registrations are being
continued for the remainder of
this week. Thereafter, a SI late
registration fee will he imposed.
All students, including those
living off campus, employees, and
members of the staff are required
to have their aut<vs registered.
Police Chief Gordy Davis warned
yesterday.
Registration stickers must he
displayed on the rear window of
all campus vehicles.
Free registrations are being
continued for the remainder of
this week. Thereafter, a SI late
registration fee will he imposed.
All students, including those
living off campus, employees, and
members of the staff are required
to have their aut<vs registered.
Police Chief Gordy Davis warned
yesterday.
Registration stickers must he
displayed on the rear window of
all campus vehicles.
Free registrations are being
continued for the remainder of
this week. Thereafter, a SI late
registration fee will he imposed.
