# Cal invades Roble in fencing action
## 'Emotional' match with Bears 
### ERIK ESELIUS Staff sportswriter 
The Stanford men and women's
fencing teams will try to continue
their winning ways against a pair of
fairly inexperienced California
squads tomorrow at 1 p.m. in Roble
Gym.
Cardinal Head Coach Buzz Hurst
does not anticipate any technical
problems against the Bears, but does
expect an "emotional contest" in
which a Stanford letdown could prove
costly. "It's easy to start losing your
momentum, start slacking off, not in
tentionally, but it happens," Hurst
said.
The California men's team, the first
the Bears have fielded since they
dropped their fencing program in
1980, has compiled a 4-2 record this
year. Included in their record is a loss

to UC-Santa Cruz, a team that the
Cardinal men's team defeated 18-9.
Although both Cardinal teams
h ve notched impressive victories
since the last National Fencing
Coaches' Poll results, neither team
moved up in the rankings, because of
what Hurst called "18th-century
communication" between the poll
sters. In fact, the last 10 matches
fenced by both teams went un
recorded, so the Stanford men stayed
at the eighth position while the
women maintained the ninth slot.
Nonetheless, sophomore Meagan
Levitan, the third-seeded fencer on
the women's team, kept an enthusias
tic at'itude. "We're climbing. We
have to be consistent in competition.
A lot of nerve problems, but I think
we'll be ready for the NCAAs."
