# Jones Is Farm's A.A.U. Mat Entry
## 
### 
When the top wrestlers of the na
tion converge on San Francisco for
the national A.A.U. wrestling cham
pionships Friday and Saturday.
Stanford's mat coach. Vern Jones,
will he on hand to compete in the
13ti-pound weight clas.«.
The scrappy Illinois grappler will
he the only Cardinal entry in the
event, the World Series of colle
giate wrestling, and expects plenty
of rugged action when he goes up
against the nations top wrasslcrs.
Powerhouses such as Oklahoma
A. Si M„ and entries from the Big
Ten and other leading conferences,
will provide Bay Area wrestling
fans with the top mat performance
ot th" year during the two days of
competition.
